Final Four, here we come!!!!
yep, we're adding a link there. thanks for the suggestion
Me too lolRT : Had fun with the hommie last night
Photoshoot went as planned today, now tomorrow we get busy writing this amazing music we hope you all will enjoy! Hope too see you all soon!
Where was your shirt made? Read the Label and share with us. #readthelabel challenge
We're all set up for the tours of the CLRC today for the Philadelphia Book Festival at the Free Library. Drop by and see us!
are you coming to tonight HMU if you decide to
It's starting to get warm out... maybe it's time for a Hennepin or two...
They should just let it go ……
hey, umm your profile says talk to you, so hi :D haha
Being yourself is not remaining what you were, or being satisfied with what your are. It is the point of departure ~Sydney J. Harris
Such a great idea.
In a small town, odd people are characters. In a big city, they are sinister and scary.
Your probably write, sigh
A FUCKING SAP!!!!
that tournament helped with that. I dunno, hes the guy I wanted with 4 and I was shocked when it didnt happen
I will #vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC! #NC09 #NCPOL #
How could you be in a bad mood when the sun is out!? #positiveattitude ☀👍
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Dirty South & Those Usual Suspects – Walking Alone
Have a favorite quote from Swami Kriyananda or his Guru, Paramhansa Yogananda? Please share with us and others!
doesn't care about his fans ? he RTs and replies to them as much as possible !
The one class I stayed an extra day for lasted 5 minutes
Better make that bet by Sunday. $$$
Full color business cards on 16PT Heavy Stock, UV coating on color sides, full color both sides, only $75 for 1,000 cards!
why do i always get on twitter at 5am ??? i just noticed this.. lol wow i feel stupid :/ haha
If I don't sleep soon I'm gonna snap
The last time UofL defeated UK twice in the same season in baseball was 1979.
The art of music videos is dead, bring it back Kanye
Note to self, turn ringer off. Katy Perry's "Last Friday Night" just blasted in the church. Sorry Jesus. Grandma, pls smooth things over.
keyshia cole's voice is so pretty .
Anyone wondering if these fights between the #Rangers and #Devils are pre-arranged?
Yeah, you're right. Just so many options! We'll make the most of it though. Thanks!
THE SING-OFF IS GETTING CANCELLED 😱😱😱😨
I'll take my tweet no. 2,001 to just say: I don't know how I got so lucky to be so happy again.
hey, I believe we were promised kitten photos.
Wish I knew more about 'archive'. But it surely holds many abandoned websites, midi files & all, that could help you.
Sorry I can not root for you any longer since you are now a member of the J-E-T-S! We had a good run while it lasted.
Im in the money!
Windwood: Strategic planning is so 20th Century. It is like a straight jacket
I wish I could afford to go to bamboozle. idk the only band I wanna see is Brand New. I'll probably never get to see them ever though. :/
NicheActuator thanks for following me on Twitter!
Where do you get them? Hook me up with some good ones for spanish and german - we can have some charlars in AA sometime.
10 months today.
For all those Duck fans that can't get enough Rose Bowl, ESPN is replaying the game right now
The day I open a fruit snack and there's no yellow ones will be the happiest day of my life.
reggie miller just said the collective gas just came over everyone in this arena.
can I ask you to do me a favor plz?
Don't leave her, if you can't let her go.
Good Morning
wow asham you are incredibly stupid
not sure I can, but I'm always up for the challenge ;)
"Fade to Black" is probably the most frustrating Google Alert we've ever had.
Quality time wit lil D
Law of gravity, Law of attraction, Law of relativity .... We need to focus on the Law of Balance!
Per WCNC, bad multiple car accident on 485 inner loop at 51. Please be safe, Everyone.
if cincy wins...its actually conference USA taking care of the top of the big ten.
What planet have you been living on? You're right you did not know him. And his heart would not allow him to hurt a child.
": okay now WHATS THE SHOCKER???" I can't tell u on twitter I got morals !
RT : Every resume should be just a little bit different, no two job descriptions are alike.
Mentioning the movie "good hair" around chicks wearing weave
You guys realize that Fielder is only 5'11", right? Not exactly NFL height. Love him on diamond but not gridiron.
I hate when I hear & see shit that reminds me of the Past. Makes me want 2 tear up sum shit. Ugh
Happy Hump Day! What's your favorite happy hour drink?
Up Early Still Not Feelinq Gud... Finna Cook Me A Hot Breakfast Then Get Back In Dha Bed &'nd Sleep Until I Can't Sleep NoMoe!
Are you a comedian?
Everything that don't make since about me, makes since when I'm with you.
was just talking about aspen... Maybe next winter
im so glad guys cant see our boners
I don't want Ramiro to make his car ugly. D:
Maybe just think about transparency - you don't need to censor it.
np man. another good amp, just depends on what you like. I'd give the a listen. it slams.
oh Alex
Dope music bruh.. get at me for some collabs Check my artist --->
LOVE!!!!!!! RT : A1: vocation is not a goal that you pursue. it is a calling that you hear.
Driving to Frankfort. ETA 1:31 PM using Waze - Drive Social
u silly
Thank you VHS people. Honored to play with all you.
hang in there, it'll be here before you know it.
Love it!!
I constantly wherever I go I have my phone in my hand
I signed up on your site, but I live in New Mexico. Next time i am in town, I'll try to stop by. Many thanks!
Perkins would beat the hell out of Dirk anyways! Get the hell out of here, Dirt.
Should I send a help request from admin account or from team member account?
Before cutting out old RG6 wire in one's attic, one should really verify it isn't being used, first. Oops.
and the percentage after 10 minutes is ____??
Articulate Technologies is Hiring! Looking for a Regional Sales Manager in the SF Bay Area. Recommendations appreciated! bit.ly/5cpOcM
i'm a girl. wbu?
crap, no lol
do people actually fall for this? Lol
I hope cinco de hoy went/is going well...best wishes!!
we know, thanks for keeping us in mind!!! ;) keep in touch
people these days.
Come by Tue., Feb. 7th 5p to close! at 7pm. All ages until 9pm. 50% sales go to Sunshine Division
thanks! so do we : )
Any idea how long these communications could last?
#birthday festivities continue tonite w/my core crew. So blessed to have them in my life & the years of friendship & supporting each other.
We love actors! Tell us how to improve the app to help you learn your lines :)
hahaa omg yess! I miss u!
justin bieber all day <3 :)
Join our Twitter Competition..The person who has most Retweets of will will win a signed ball from one of our legends
I know smfh. U should take me to the hospital
Thanks for the love ! could not exist without runners like you!
You're doing a great job with the #Facebook class!
love you
Ok i am gonna study now... (3 hours later) ok.. I am gonna study now.
What do you do?
Hi! I am a San Diego Bankruptcy and Probate Law Attorney. Let's connect! I am looking for referral partners and networking. ~ SB
To those up in arms about North Carolina, where have you been? 29 other states have constitutional bans.
Trying to take it one day at a time
to me, you’re as perfect as can be. you're nothing short of my everything. Happy 1 month anniversary :)
yea we r lols
we just love you, chel.
So ready for my #trueblood #hbotrueblood Can't wait & Jessica better get saved! #teamjessica #teameric&sookie
And i so dont miss alcohol!
did you replace me !?
when and I have a
lol yeah it's crazy but I love it...proly gets old after 6 years tho
#marcfail is broader than issues that are MARC's fault in popular usage
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into #trayvon Martin shooting
You got me hooked on the Janoskians haha
It`s a beautiful day! w.nathanseth.com
Trying too decipher.... Really hate suspicion
My arch-enemy: Plato. An evil spiteful cat that must be destroyed or otherwise tamed. Two attacks and a tactical herding almost did me in!
Happy Friday!
"In Droves" in tonight’s episode of #Punk'd on at 10pm fllw #ihearditonMTV ”
It's a James Bond marathon kind of afternoon. Lay-Z.
I've decided to bring my entire HIST 102 section to 's dissertation proposal on Monday. Should be a lot of fun questions!
Hahaha oh based god. The fabric from which your cut? Not again, oh shit.
RT TweetItOutKid: that awkward moment when you realize your tweets will never be as epic as
No problem :)
When You Going Thrug Your Worst Moments & The Person Is Still Next To You , That's When You Know It's REAL
Love it and only reasonable explanation
Your passion for making a difference is the spark needed for social change
I will make history, I am great.
Exactly 1 week and we'll be at Gm 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals. Who's ready? C'mon #WranglerNation time to stand up
limbaugh is declaring protests will become "bloody"? hm. i live here, and witness nothing but kindness, drumming, cookies, and pizzas
too funny
Tim Tebow sent from Denver to deliver the Jets from Evil.
when will you all come back by MI to do as show or event?
So can't wait till my divorce is final! Hmm maybe my honey & I will run away 2 Vegas 4 a wknd & elope wen both r divorces r final! :D
iWanna skate but Fuck the wind, bitch ass niggaah!
So does that mean I can't use "we" when i'm referring to you guys playing next year since I don't play with with a scholarship?
Congrats on Makin
Stealing someone else's Cheetos at lunch becasue we are just so hungry
Struggle & Hard Work Opens Many Doors
Your welcome :)) But I could tell you will enjoy the sport of basketball longer than any other
I think so. Smooth and really thoughtful.
Gardner Shirt - Check...Planned escape from work to be home in time for the game - Check! Let's Go Yankees! Happy Opening Day!
I saw them yesterday! So much fun!
NutriGen™ AM & PM Essentials are endorsed physician Dr. Vincent Giampapa and are based on years of clinical research and studies.
Now all I can do is count down the days until I see you. #IMissYouDad I mean I've survived 9 months..
S/O to the you guys always show love ; )
beet greens! beet salad! (balsamic, feta, pine nuts, olive oil, salt & pepper). yum!
real shit we all happy for the same reason
I gave my daughter a chocolate donut for breakfast. Guess who loves her mommy?
; Thanks for the follow!
#TheWalkingDead was just "okay" tonite.. A little disappt'd in 4 min increments. Killing me w 20 mins of show and 40 mins of commercials.
Such a heartbreaking loss, I really thought the Clippers had a chance tonight.
Hanging out at my friend hannah's house! Were all going to Alabama with the softball team tomorrow!:)
Just got to for free "Urbanized" screening and discussion w/ director AND there are free refreshments
sore throat and sinus problems are really a pain when you play woodwind instruments.......
Already baby much love
I really hope I get tired soon. I'm not talkin about bein up all night.
I'm bout to carry my ass right back to sleep
I'm sorry. :( He looks like a sweetie.
": Mansion Party all over my TL ! So you know #Next2Naked gone be turned tf up !"
Hey Julian =)
you're lucky you're all the way in Boston. Fucker
I kno he gonna throw some lies n it
Money never changed me it just changed friends
Rocked too hard last night. Don't have any pictures of on stage. 3 down 1 to go!
Recruitng at the director-level is expected to outpace hiring at other levels of mgmt over the next 6 mnths, according to ExecuNet poll
: dats what's up my brother can't wait to see dat thang In person GOD IS GOOD
#ispendwaytomuchmoneyon Candy, chocolate, potato chips, Popsicles! It's only when they're gone I realise I've made a bad investment :/
RT I sit everyday and ask what can I do to make a difference...
Now, I say #TeamDark&LightSkin ! :) <3 I love Me Some Read Bones :)
What an odd thing to say. wants to fundamentally transform America. I stand ready to lead us down a different path
“: It appears the tweet machine of choice is the iPhone as I look around at others here for #BrewersSMIS” I prefer my new iPad!
dot your 'I's and cross your 'Teas'
Nevermind, found some all the way in the back.
#adtech panelist: Google+ on life support only because of SEO benefit.
Wow...I finally found my twitter password!! VICTORY!!
haven't noticed it before, but really like this year's jersey
Stuck at SJC for 3hrs - #fail... acting as if nothing's wrong, gave some miles I can't use and not even a measly meal voucher
AQUS .0062s UP! This could be the breakout folks!!
SHUT UP bitch lol :D
RT : "Defeat should never be a source of discouragement, but rather a fresh
lol u so crazy
Dr. Armando Guevara will be presenting at the 2012 RIEGL International Airborne & Mobile Users Conference, Feb 28th-March 1st in Orlando, Fl
Horray! Break a leg, ! RT : About to see Figure 8 at Theatre of Note with Yay for live theatre. :)
#Danceagain is the most auto-tuned, lip synced shit I've seen performed on TV in a while...
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY ! DON'T GET TOO FUCKED UP
Thanks for the RT John. Really appreciate it!
LOL! As in "Oh, Lordy, (or Lawdy as a real Southern would say :-) our champions are coalescing" Congrats 2 both!
…AND my colleague expects me to read his mind…or something. trying hard not to be cranky.
Shoot time!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Johnny Bravo :-) :-) :-)
Looking more like the lex lol
I am telling you WE CAN FIX THE EDU MESS. And we will. We need a little more time.
you n ur boy are cute !
always keeping an eye out and my mind open. Mental notes for future projects.
Fringe has fallen off the edge into the abyss.
I love that my VP quotes Plato and Emerson at a town hall meeting.
What's going on in Clintonville, WI? More booms reported overnight. We'll talk live with the city administrator on CBS 58 Morning News.
OCLC survey: Enniss: only 38% of IRLAs have online finding aids (much lower than other institutional categories)
Sunshine and 50 on a Friday in January, makes the freezing early week forgettable.
I'll talk about this more on Monday. In the meantime, have a good weekend!
HP Commercial shoot today! One of the most Ginormous sets & loveliest crews I've ever experienced.
Goin on a run
RT: RT : "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
I wanna see a DRAGON!!! Should we do another potluck?
People will always have that hard way to forget the special person after being gone.
Hater: "Cody will never notice you, he probably thinks your creepy." Me: "I'm going to stab you with my pen, k cool."
Works on both.
Making my Kentucky Derby pick this morning. Have shown an uncanny knack in years past. My heart (liver) goes to "I'll Have Another" but...
Which do you check first each day - Twitter or Facebook?
me THREE! I cant get enough!”)
'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have! 'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have!
Can I get more specifics?
Finally back in the USA, although at SFO I do have to wonder.
Considering doing the running of the bulls next year. Seems like great motivation to train really hard. Who's with me?
thank you love! i miss everyone too ...
you should release the lyrics to Taylor issues so i can set them as my background <3
once again, thanks for the kind words, wish you all the best
Open house will hopefully be in May, we have a TON of work to do first...
i saw your video on diggy and that was nice what u said about him:) i got the bundle today now i have two cds! l this ablum
This is the weather I like
Missouri!!!!!!! Missouri!!!!!!! MIssouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!
Happy mothers day. You make us strong you fill us with love. All that we are is because of you. Love you mama your my best friend. Cheers
Are you serious?!
Have I ever told you how much I love Kula Shaker?
Full of energy after going to sleep @ 2...what's wrong with me!
Your not gonna support us? /:
En route to Rochester to talk #FairUse of sound recordings and #librarianscode with ARSC! Can't imagine what court case might come up.
of course!! Can't wait to hear what ur doing!
PT @ Lake Forest College!
Finally home. Ugg long day
Ron Paul was never about "freedom". He's about removing restrictions on people who own stuff.
Well there was at least a little excitement in this snooze fest.
Please tell me there are still #nickcave tickets for tonight!? I'll mask it up at #ilovesam and be in the first 50 if I have to
Meep. I'm upset with you.. haha.
It makes my day a little brighter every time answers a #diginterp question. He has perfected just the right amount of snark.
It's for Coppin State who lost by 1 to Texas to almost make the Sweet 16 in 1997
“: Support the good.”
your blog is lovely!!
his name should b blake missing...lol
We r?
Meet me down by the lake.
Llamf you ain't even got no valid argument!
When people annoy us, its usually because we are observing a trait in them that we disown in ourselves.
RT : I wish Mad Men wasn't on Sunday nights. Kind of hard to face the coming week thinking "Oh right! The world is sad and difficult"
MLS Commissioner confirms that the league will release players for the Olympics
Good first possession on the PP, didn't resemble the clogged toilet style we've become used to.
It's a great day to stop by for a tattoo! Thomas and John have some openings! Come on down!
It's like air! I NEED it! I have to be on the red carpet for the next 2 days so Sunday I'm going OFF on some TB! ;)
My new whip is sick!
Good talk by E Bayh at the State Christmas party 2nite on the strength of Hoosiers & service. Let's continue 2 come 2gether as team. - JDG
good. There's not even close to enough DiLallo in my life.
I need to be out. doing things
Anyone got the hookup with a radio station preferable 98.5 or 97.5 or both?i need to get a song out there asap for dj rowdy a
Tomorrows gonna be 70 and sunny. Hell fucking yeah
You are going to do so well, Mary! Good luck tomorrow, Mrs Ingram is a doll (:
Lots of new ideas being developed in the Us, Today laboratory.
I have bad luck.
x-man with the winner tonight! well played #SDSU let's keep it rolling on Sat v. LB
lol gotta see him with the silk shirt, sandals and plaid shorts on !!! That'll be funny
Just days til my FL trip. Ridiculously excited for WMC and Ultra Music Festival. You. Don't. Even. Know.
isnt mr bamboo dying?....says something?
Killing my babies, one at a time.
this bitch dancin in the kitchen like a fuckin idiot. She done burnt herself. Bitch stop and make me a sammich 😍
That picture in your casino post really depresses me. These people are being taken for a ride.
The homepage is so adorable! Where can I find myself a weedy sea dragon?
Have they decided to call it bingahoo yet? It just makes sense. Stop wasting time and get to building the content network already.
Sometimes i just listen to song's instrumentals...calming.
I think that's what I wanna do
the issue mostly has to do w/ selection bias of the w3 visitors it is more techy, hence weighted heavier to the trendy browsers
#Drudge notes those profs from #OWS visiting #Tehran as if it's a bad thing, but maybe it's time to: #OccupyIran --RT if you love that idea.
Do you #blog? Let us know, we'd love to read it.
oh really? funneeeh that! well i just watched some of yours there great! inbox me on youtube? xx let me know when ya have
Woke up with that bless'd feeling! Time to get it in with the studies and receive HIS wisdom n understanding. A great day! Happy Hanukkah!
So excited to be in PA & DE for the next two days.
Please watch me tomorrow night on "Ghost Whisperer" where I do a stunt and jump off a building.
Contract Warriors was a unique topic. Working on anything new?
Q4 working in Admin (notlib) as Staff Asst Gave perspective into business practices when workin with vendors N built office skillz
Very well
Has anyone ever had Cantharone used on their child's skin? Trying to decide if I need to page the doctor or if this is normal.
Lip-syncing is particularly poor this season.
In 140 characters or less, tell us the story of the one that got away! We'll RT u!
Maybe the server team won't let install 1000v on host? Or possibly scalability or demarcation if you do virt firewall stuff
- never been to Europe - but water sounds like that Vichy water from France :-)
Gorgeous choreography and dancing on #DWTS tonight!!
Bestfriend alex is the cutest person ever he asked me if he can walk me to my car because I injured my ankle awww hes to cute <3
Cool-ass photo. The gold pops.
I<3your wallpaper :B
thanks! Means a lot!
Came home to a broken fridge, but I'm eating the food anyway. Hope I don't get sick.
Her damn song is stuck in my head 😠
I'm watching hockey :P and aww!! Feel better!!
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs
#ShoutOutToo he asks me for a shout out everyday at school, he's dope everyone follow him!
Examine the things you like from others' and figure out the elements of their success. Replicate.
I think engaging online discussion will mean that faculty will need to jump in and be engaged as well
Peer pressure “: put your time in.”
That looks awesome.
perhaps you mean "Osama"?
Was that me?
a house
enjoying the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Just heard - SF Hillel will host an #Israel Fellow next year. A relationship with a young Israeli is a powerful experience for our students.
Don't forget about our last Fellowship Night for 2010! We hope to see you on December 31st at Zuma Fun Center!
Bo Lets go P-town.....only respect for
I remember when I made this account & austin followed me, he was my first followed & then he enlisted me ..was like SALDKJFSJDKFSALDJKSLD
Exhausted but we finished the 900th pop at about 2am. Ready for delivery!
Not over a tweet. :P We'll get together in a few weeks and I'll show you.
Katy Perry's new video is super cool...mainly because she pretends to be a Marine..
Has this day not been set aside for us to honor him? iThought evrybody would realize the 3rd monday in jan is not going 2always be the 15th
If your phone`s battery life lasts longer than your relationships, you`re doing it wrong.
,"I want it to look like no other blog before. I'm talking weirdd."
87 degrees in NY today?? A little taste of
me too me too! RT : Getting excited for & at tonight! I hope they bring some vinyl!
So sorry.
we've decided that I can't die before my girlfriend does because I don't want her touching my stuff.
On vacation? Come relax with a massage..... 60minute Swedish for $60 & 60minute Deep Tissue for $70
#Cleaning #sunday today
I've given up trying to look like I'm paying attention in this class...
This month is my 10 year anniversary of being a personal trainer..I have loved every minute of it, and have worked and helped some amazing
Trying to jock my shit, I don't think so. No matter what, you're still a silly hoe.
Especially with the Super Bowl being streamed online on NFL.com and more.
Going to bed knowing I'm safe, happy and knowing everything will be okay. What else could i ask for? 💙
getting ready for our music supervisor session with Madonna Wade-Reed tonight
haha me too but not the eatin part
students & adults get started in the process. Would love to connect if you're interested. Lots of great overlap!
P-U! Just saw a skunk
Come on Blackhawks lets start off strong tonight!!
tomorow i have a test and then home at lunch time yayyyyyyyy!!!!!
Lloyd is a great guy. Why do you think he's a cancer? He wanted out cuz he's a timing receiver & Tebow is an improvise qb
Several bike rides this week. Some easy and some moderate. I hope you will join details to come
We are playing at The Croc Rock in Allentown PA w Nocturnal Me! June 15th! Tickets are $10 in advance
i still cant seem to get over the fact megavideo is dead
Whoa, never drive another mile!
Never let yesterday use up today. -Richard H. Nelson
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart <3
A little work than #dateday with my lovely wife including #hungergames # thehollowbistro and a #hottub. #letsgo!
yeah, not sure how they'll be running it but there are some good questions. Maybe some sort of password?
I see you Miguel Cabrera
Its a packed sunny day here at #sonyericssonopen :)
yeah I guess they are that new blood. We already got the veterans in the scene. It's nice to see some new kids coming out.
i adore you.... #ArianatorLove ...
I am still alive.
What are you doing for the games tonight? Having people over or going somewhere fun? Be safe & have a great weekend!
Strawberry has landed at !!!
I don't even have it anymore I don't think yoooo avengers 2
lol I love the rapping part
just had innovative educator speak to my staff YOU ARE A TECH ROCK STAR!
It's tough trying to keep your feet on the ground, your head above the clouds, your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel,...
Going to visit my parents tomorrow evening.
In fact, metaphor is the unbounded exploration of reality and the relation of things where science is such exploration bounded.
what's your favorite color?
Love the dog-friendly staff !
How did I survive this weekend w/out sustaining a concussion?
Looking forward to having you in, let us know what you think.
who putted for you??!!??
I'm currently raving at a minigolf course.
Ugh i hate lupron. My body feels awful.
Driving thru Shorewood, noticed that the grass is green, birds are singing...and yard signs are scarce. Tide shifted in the North Shore?
Two pretty good UI refreshes in and Especially love the followed link screen in tweetbot and the camera bar on insta
Always get the latest updates installed on your computer regardless of what operating system you use - security holes knows no difference!
The Library is seeking old AHHS / Cliffs yearbooks for local history. Contact Mary at 570.587.3440 to see if we need the years you have.
also, loved the "trapped in an elevator=trapped in space ship" comment. Is that an essay, blog post? Good insight.
SAMOSA! SAMOSA! SAMOSA! Aren't they delicious? When was the last time you had some? :) x
Ikr I missed that stuff,,
Central Florida for the weekend...
Good resolution!
& We're live right now at the Ronald McDonald House for the "I AM MUSIC" private event 4 the kids.
sorry for late reply, I followed you
Nominated. Good luck!
Man need mo followers
This is a FANTASTIC idea, don't you guys agree? Our plan is to share great info with all of you in a similar manner. Enjoy!...
Watching press conference on Thomas Robinson entering the NBA draft.
it's not good!
Had a great day but just want this week to be over.
Now we need to see Gail Kim vs. Sarita.
Welcome back! VLJ is back in action! Happy new year to all - let's make 2012 great!
I miss my kevin ! :(
what is your cup size.
happy mothers day to all moms who grind at work, take care of home, keep family together, & are community pillars
Obligatory "I want to do art for a living" Tweet: For those of you who do what you love for a living, savor every minute or give 'em to me!
My March Madness consisted of watching moms, strippers & burn outs run from their cars to class in the rain, fun times at community college.
I don't care who you are or how nice you are, if you tell someone their newborn is cute, you're lying.
Thanks to for the great presentation at #spop12! Some really eye opening ideas about online marketing this morning.
Preparing for spiritual warfare is necessary for the believer... Success happens when you call on Jesus and follow his commands!
how about I don't tell you what to tweet and you don't tell me what to tweet..idc if I come off racist
opening talk was so/so...some good stuff and some worthless chatter...this afternoon round table should be nifty...
Best MKE winter experience? Good question, and plenty to choose from! I'd vote for a lakefront park.
I love you too! See you soon! Miss you :) RT : I love SO MUCH!!!!! OMG
always stay on your grind
My pleasure, thanks for connecting!
Ah, but this makes my point, : they are "Obama-inspired recipes," per this board. Not "just recipes"
Join us this Thursday for Cinco De Mayo. We'll have great drink specials, Karaoke, $4 Margs, $2 beers and a ton of fun!
2 days til graduation! time to be a real grown-up
very clever sir
Too Magneto-y. Right now, he's been reborn as a child so he can be raised properly this time.
The Raspberry Vanilla Wheat is in the Carboy. The blow-off is ready. Let the fermentation begin!
The trash going on in times square right now is disgusting
thanks love, but sometimes I just can't think like that. I wish i could, but i don't... I guess i just have to hope ? (:
I want to marry Kendall Schmidt :)
Restaurant week at Sprig....fantastic!
Now that I think of it, if the grizzlies win tonight and send the series into game 7 they have an excellent shot of advancing.
I'm just getting settled back in my city
Hop up out the car, 106 then park.
I played a fair amount of lowball this week, so I'm biased.
May I please get a follow back, if you dont mind :)!!
thank you for the kind words! We're glad you enjoy our #itgetsbetter project
Leave permanent job for a temp to hire job for $4 more per hour hm
I'm serious! :c
It's been a while since we've Tweeted!
#AskRomney Is it true you assumed the name "Mitt" because you didn't want to be confused for the other Willard associated with rats?
you like that one
When God closes a door, its always for your good. It means its either not the right time or it's not the right door!
I am in nyc all week setting up meeting just left mtv going to nbc and cbs tomorrow . Follow the yellow brick road with me
#OneThingILove just one???? Books
Also, I feel like I have even less time to tweet now that closing has come and gone. Next up: Graduation, conferences, and moving!
he was a good man. in all fairness I drank a Red Bull last night and then wrote a bunch of MapReduce code.
Nothing says classy like a stacked bar chart : )
Supporting gay marriage is not JUST about getting gay peoples votes
Flip-flopping? How about the Mets record vs. the Yankees this season. Who would have predicted this?!
Today's starting line up for SCIAC #4 hosted by the Pomona , , , Cole, Hazzaa, , Stambler
More Boston big data companies I'm watching
i want to throw up now (/.\)
Follow he's a young talented musician!
#Monday RT Focus on your unique ability. Take action. Implement. Get stuff done.
I swear, I'm going to establish my own personally shower in the library and bed that no one will no about.
If the book isn't good after the first sentence, i won't read it
Give a dude the day off every now and again to be with his family.
I am a Millionaire. That is my religion.
My nigga said wiz help but juicy j on
half day for everyone! Start
I miss every single fight in school. When am I going to see to one.
Almost run over by a bike going the wrong way. Ah NYC :)
Start your day with something to eat, even if it is just a little something before a workout, you can follow it up with a real meal!
Lebron James absolutely took over the Heat/Knicks game late in the 1st half.
could be wrong, but I believe the immortal lyrics of Paula Cole were referring to the latter.
studio session with
While macro is justifiably taking lumps, lots of ideas from micro do work: e.g. restricting land from development drives up housing costs.
LOL OK. I would be like "MOM MY LIFE DEPENDS ON THIS. DRIVE ME THERE OR DIE"
Corporate & Community Awards Breakfast at 8:00a will be held at: 901 Canal St. Myrtle Beach. Sec. of Transportation will talk about JOBS!
I respect girls for that-- RT Girls go through so much, boys have no idea
EAPH alerted here first, what a nice run and she's still got legs!
Dearest , is pumping breakfast smell out onto Wacker?! Smells delicious!
Am enjoying it very much, sir.
U go mommie :) rt": Just finished my 3 mile run. Hopefully I get in another 3 after dance and basketball. #fitmommies"
probably is. He picked that one. Big fan.
RT "Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much."
these guys are great. If in the SF Bay area check them out. Also look at their web.
I wanna move! Tired of Chicgo. I wanna start some where new where no one knows me or the stories about me!
. Whoops. You would be right, 4pm EDT. Should just say 4pm Eastern
Omg i forgot what today was, happy birthday baby. Love you!!!!!!!!!!!
Shout Out 2 all of TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!! We taking over twitter!! It's Wake-n-Bake time!!
S/O to my new followers!
oh, and how's your duet coming along? Can't wait to hear it at lunch tomorrow. :)
wat time does ur mom even leave o.o
with LOTS of hand-holding, shared milkshakes w/ red & white striped straws... and maybe a sleepover to chat about boys!
I aint even gone trip we winning this series period. Just wait till bosh come back.
great idea, I also like to download youtube or other videos related to the days lesson to stimulate ideas, visual learners enjoy
RT No doubt, I make great guacamole. Perfect accessory to my Corona.>>>Sounds like a dream date to me.
Like I'm really bout to buy some jewelry from a dude at the soul food spot.
Guy who made it was having a bad day. Just surprising considering how consistent it's been since the good ol' days in CO.
Guggenheim did disservice to Gabriele Münter placing her early painting in Kandinsky exhibit. It was like child's scribbles next to his art.
Just watch wwe and the game wat have you been up to
copy cat
Just had a lovely time with Silfath of ! I always LOVE everything she is wearing!
RT : ,our #aerialists performing at tonite for anniversary #FREE Admission!!
Thanks for following my movement...Strictly for Divas & Gents...Im following back and hope you stay stuned in...
Tryin not to fall asleep at the wheel #exhausted 🌙
Bird With The Crystal Plumage is awesome in that respect. Ridiculous side guys, but they inform te twist
Gonna be tough to see in something other than black and gold. All time great in pittsburgh. Its been real
Fuck These Fake Ass Boys Nbs !!!!!
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne You wanna go deeper..finding who they really are..that person becomes interesting.
why is my mom trying to feed me a hamburger tho? I don't like the hamburger meat its nasty.
I swear I'll definitely visit this shop!! :'D Oh and I live in Germany.....-.-'
thanks and let us know if we can assist you in any way.
It should be illegal how amazing looks in a pair of jeans
best way to stop a spending problem is take away the credit card. our goverment is using our hard earned money like a credit card
I start a new project this Thursday with the Forest Hills Chamber of Commerce.
Great time with and
when I was in school..punt on 1st down was a viable play,,lol
I do still have it, yes. I'll send it to ya when I get home :)
I hope to cover this game at some point. RT Rain has forced a delay of #Badgers Michigan series finale until 2 pm.
Can't come soon enough. SKC buries LA, then we all hit Westport for Middle of the Map Fest!
Thanks for the RT, George! How's everything?
If you love me you'll say it..
Asdfghjkl <3 can't wait for "silent disco" i'm such an awkward turtle _^|^_
Who will win the Man Utd or Man City?
see you later...I hope!
Baylor rolling in the first half despite Brittney Griner not playing.
Why do I get the stupid ones? Haa
Continue indeed. That is until I find myself in an inescapable corner and get frustrated to the point that I can't go on...
This all makes no sense, but I love it
This! 👉 RT : I’d rather say “nevermind” than repeat myself.
Carlos Maldonado back to the Bigs RT Davey says Leon to DL with high-ankle sprain. Maldonado up.
I'm listening "Do It Now Remember It Later" by
thanks for the love! photography has been a great artistic outlet. i am getting more into engagement/event photog. too!
tell ya mom she still gone buy some tickets
Ha, I wish Life was that easy
u know i will!
#JeremyLin is amazing. If only the #knicks wud play team ball when their stars return but they won't b/c dantoni is scared of them
I'll need it.
Crisp execution and a grateful heart will produce huge Successes. Like a "science"!
RT : The MLK Teen Space is holding Girls Rock! Learn to play instruments, learn about music and rock camp. Be there on 5/19 at 1.
It's hot out side
Haha, good boy!
We're at #mirren. Where are you?
This woman on "Game of Thrones" is hot which means I'll be seeing her boobs soon. Because she's a woman on "Game of Thrones."
I do not subscribe to that slippery slope argument. And I would be the first to draw line there. We're talking humans,not pets.
you make it sound like its my fault youre such a
Thank you! Look out for my next blogs!
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with (That's Progressive Railroading Magazine.)
I'm trying not to die...the problem is the 800Mg is just talking the edge off my back pain.
Congratulations to Pitt Alum and Pitt Alumni Association Member Henry Hynoski `11 on last night's Super Bowl Victory with the Giants!
i cant imagine two people who would be better friends, you two are a walking tweet
We have GRAND crew..and...D.U.I.D crew.D.U.I.d stands for...hold up...please.lol
Loved HIGHER GROUND.Beautiful and subtle.Thank you for a lovely adult film exploring the big and difficult questions of life.
Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise. Kobe Bryant
#imagine Austin:im just a boy who is in love with the most amazing,cutest,funniest,nicest & perfect girl in the world,*yourname* -anna
i just saw my grades for this semester and i cannot believe i did this well....im blown away right now. i am so happy!!!!!
I took me 3 days and 6 oz. of wax, but I have finally arrived at the conclusion that I am not capable of successfully waxing my own legs.
I love you
Crashing a wedding is on my bucket list
Squad by Waka goes to hard
Just got pitch about a man w/same name as "reptilians" conspiracy theorist. Whats worse, sharing name w/conspiracy theorist or porn star?
#obamaderbynames Fast & Furious
I think FB is popular, in part, b/c it is so structured. e.g., No music on page load.
I don't want to be here right now, I just want to be with you.
miss ya too! btw, dnt tell anyone that im on twitter. im supposed to be grounded. i have been for over two months now!
"Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have." -- Emile Chartier, Philosopher
Tell us about the theme & decor ideas you're brainstorming for your big day!
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!😃
Myers doesn't get up and kept him on
Wave if your lifted.
have you guys checked out the new features. We have a 'try list' for one click restaurant saving.
Looks amazing, though I'm not at all surprised by this! Congrats and great work Ali and Ryan Murphy:)
thats what I'm here for ❤❤
I also downloaded the app today. Looking forward to using it!
Just finished the last of 26 radiation treatments at the cancer treatment center. I've got my week nights back!
Its freezing outside....o.m.g.
Hey you should read your mentions(;
EazySpeaks I get it, I just don't know that I'd personally spend that type of money to see another tdZfaGf
Nice! We're playing Marlboro, NJ tomorrow night :)
Shoulda stayed in L.A. 2 begin with
ack! I have some visitors this weekend, but will DM you about alt plans. Would live to see you and sorry 2 miss 2
Good morning everyone! A smile is your greatest asset during a job interview. Don't leave home without it!
“: Do they sterilize the needles they use for lethal injections?”
well that might be your problem...it's not what you like, it's the consumer!
slidin to Tracy for a sec Wats poppin later ?
Kid: Can I plz go to the bathroom Teacher: Say your ABCs 1st Kid:ABDCEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Teacher: Where's the P? Kid: Running down my leg
refers to 's def of happiness -meaning, connectedness & being a part of something bigger- to shape this ecosystem
Can unglued books show up in library econtent catalogs, like Overdrive or 3M?
Hello and thanks! RT : Thanks for the follow - have returned the compliment
damn. Wish #theCurrent would have publicized this a bit more...would have been great to hear
I was actually early getting ready and my dad is making me late.
Thanks, Chris. :)
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
Of all things, dealing with victims of abuse is one of the hardest parts of the job.
I guess I'll grade some papers.
Aww, thx Marcus :D appreciate it RT: : Shout out to one of the best photographers int he DMV preciate the follow.
Im not hearing all that we were down most of the game, those niggas blew a 27 pt lead in 7 minutes
Shout out to the B-A-H Nation...we appreciate each and every one of you!!
glad to learn from him
There is still time to get your raffle tickets for our Portland Timbers Package. The raffle will take place on August 3rd and tickets...
#Frat minds think alike. Been watching since #USA dominated on history channel. Stealing the colonel's daughter -
an interesting read - not published by Indigo Tree, but a very important book - is Adam Hotchschild's TO END ALL WARS about World War One
I'm a mathematical nerd. The numbers of my Twitter following and followers are multiples of 66
Awaiting Metro news conference on two assaults. Details at 5 & 5:30.
I asked to go for my birthday. Was super fun but I am even more shocked by the idea of gun violence now.
Once again Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to thank you for your generous donation!Please visit Leonas Rest.Chicago IL
#20SongsILove 7-shot for me by Drake. 8- frick park market by Mac Miller. 9- Mine by Taylor Swift.
S/o to all the people who graduated proud of you lil niggas
Enjoy giving your talk, darlin'! xo
lol That's what Vanessa said. We'll see I hate to call the cops and have it just be some loud ass mma wanna be's
Happy mother's day to all u lovely mothers!!!! I hope you have a blessed!!!
beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard
take responsibility for your own #happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you #happiness, or you could be disappointed.
You better step to the next man, 'cause the greatest soccer player couldn't kick it like Finesse can
Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs.
i can only roll with the baddest.
I could watch and argue all day
The Kidsfest festival is June 9-10 and features 7 trucks as well as tons of creative, hands-on activities for kids. (Ticket purchase...
Pure Sports in assn with GL Homes will be hosting a #soccer clinic Sat, Oct 23rd from 4-5PM @ the 2nd Annual "Pumpkin Patch" event. Join us!
"Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives." - What are your goals for 2012?
RT : So I listened to for the first time and I instantly fell in love with them! // we did too!
Any trust deed investors looking to expand or replace investments: you might want to get in touch with me at
Elena from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here...
It's sad Paul Rudd is too famous for TV now, cause that means Alicia Silverstone can't make a cameo on his show.
Charles M. Schulz~ Dont worry about the world coming to an end today. Its already tomorrow in Australia.
I have it! I'll be on campus tonight and tomorrow. Can I leave it with someone there?
omg the single greatest sentence I have ever seen + <3 + ;) = #OverFuckingwhelmed lmao but I can't wait
Alot of these girls, they be wanting the same thanngggg.
We will be filming in both LA and Reno. Our kickstarter is not doing so well...hoping our funding does better.
you got eliminated right?
Just know that we're here, and always gonna be your crew. We ALWAYS will be by your side. BIG FAMILY! Te amo. Follow me?
follow back?
Uhm, Dayum lakeshow? Like I said, Okc is bout to win the whole dang thing anyway.
um... isn't there is a race in South Carolina you should be paying attention too?
going talk to y'all later :D
pt 2: have them take pics of their cars and put them on an individual slide of shared "google presentation"
Come & have a nice glass of wine, orderves, shop for that different kind of apparel
Don't you hate it when your eyes aren't symmetrical
yeahh I'm gonna have to go at night.... 😏
The owl...boo. Telegraph...very good!
Looking forward to hearing about the result. Will be a #GreaterThanMoment!
your tweets are great :D <WhoRunTheWorld?!>
Happy Memorial Day!
That tweet totally sounded like just propositioned you.
Yes. So very much looking forward to the rest of the show.
Hah just whatever comes. trying to become sharper everywhere
"#Pinterest allows you to organize and share all the beautiful things you find on the web." .... except images of beautiful web pages? Hmm.
This girl in my 5th period is about to get a beat down..I'm the last person you want to get an attitude with.
Congrats Goalie of the week!!
Looking For Fan Club Rep for email us For More Info....
Bieber song stuck in my head I need some reggaeton quick
Just setting up for our quick early morning photoshoot :)
Cant wait for to destroy tonight!
ok soo...im tired..like..hecka tired :/..hm message me?
did you just fart or something lmao
I agree with you, but we aren't the "typical potential customer". We are buying the phone regardless.
cus I don't really fuck w. you like that. Love you tho
I am following u...i think lol
Are you celebrating #cincodemayo?We have shirts in store that will add a splash of color to your night!...
Q1 RT : I'd like a way to get compliance issues taken care of. Too much manual paperwork with reporting...
We are always happy to hear this! Isn't it great getting them delivered right to your door? Enjoy dude!
Hey everybody On our way to film #2 testimony stay tuned
Next year will be better. I just know it.
IT WAS CRYIN FACES RT i dont have a Iphone . Petty ! Lol
Dunning #Motorola #LTNY - Analytics - knowing your data - critical to even knowing where you can optimize
thanks! we should set a time to chat - def wish I'd seen u in Nola.
just finished at the gym, now for some tennis. travelling this week, goin goin back,back to CALI.
daisy , what's ms.singhs hw?
Design, design, then more design. Lots of upcoming events-- juicy details to be revealed soon.
HAPPY NEW YEARS I LOVE YOU MB
Can speed walking a mile and carrying 22lbs of laundry up and down three flights of stairs count as my workout today?
Watch the film. Form your own opinions. I'm well on my way to the sub 200lb club. I've got races to win.
I'm sad I missed it! I didn't know it happened under after the fact :/ Thanks for sharing the pictures!
Well what a pretty name! haha
What's on your mind?
You may remember him from the "What's Goin' Down" episode of "That's My Momma"....
slick with out no lubricate.
If you don't have a G+ account, you need to sign up for one this week, says
Since moving back to Indianapolis, my chances of hearing John Mellencamp's "Small Town" on any radio station have increased about 1000%.
I don't give a shit about the shit ____ people say.
Don't be hurt. Just remember me and the Ninth Ward crew while you're playing and you'll win. What's the occasion anyway?
I could really go for a kiss right now.
What's your favorite iPad app?
“: Man if pole dancing is art, you know how many fuckin artists I know ...” 0???
Hi, I'm in love with your voice. <3
kevin harvick :) he look so calm so he is deff ready to go racing and he going win the daytona 500!!
yes literally knocked him out of his shoes!
Can't wait to get to the United Center for / Game 2 tonight. First ever playoff game for the team I grew up idolizing.
We are just getting started with this years line up, Just confirmed Burning Spear, Capleton and Cocoa Tea to our line up.... One love!
This Saturday the 12th - acoustic solo show @ Buster's BBQ in Lakeway, TX. 6pm - come enjoy the outside patio & great food!
Brian McCann's baseball card is going to be the new state flag. What a baller
did i say that?
caught up in your smile.
Hooray! Congrats!
sounds great! I'll check my schedule for open blocks for us to work with. Will PM u
Freakin' sweet! My pictures from Warrior Dash are ready. Trying to figure out which would look best on my desk next to Silverbolt.
you have a lot to learn little boy you are no MAN
was good mister good dick
... love the idea but I'm guessing my co-workers would prefer me with pants.
Hope London is dreamy! xx
My phone is here.
People are leaving Ari because she got a tattoo that means something to her. If you leave because of that you were never real.
": this laker fan squeezing it all in under 160 char. Impressive! #educated #efficient" it took serious wrk
lol look at your old school house phone...
Its a great premise and with Eric Kripke, Jon Favreau, J.J. Abrams producing it should hopefully be a winner.
Which bathroom? I'll make sure we get a desk in there if it means more goals.
Warning: it appears ravenous raccoons have taken over the Travis Heights neighborhood. Kept me up all night. We all gotta eat, I suppose.
Questions about the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest? Our FAQ section has been updated at www.PromolastEvents.com/FAQ
fancy seeing you at Trader Joes. Hope you got all your grocery needs out of the way!
God's always in control. When LIFE knocks you on your knees, thats usually exactly where you're supposed to be. Praying.
0kkkiii sounds good see you l8r;)
I think the time has come, yes. Given that we're done with 9/13ths of the season, I'll do a season recap, then weekly next year.
what's good with you??
Good to hear! Thanks for the heads up.
QoTD: "Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must." (Goethe)
Atleast madonna kind of looks likes she's actually singing
Couldn't have said it better myself RT Great show last night and !
The scene in Egypt right now is truly amazing....
No longer top of East. Still have game in hand on Red Bulls. Must crush Rapids. Time to start the charge PV.
I imagine there would be a lot of bickering in that house hahaha.
For over 60 years…The quality shines through! Visit during NAMTA®, (National Art Materials Trade Assoc.) booth #811- Louisville, KY May 7-9!
RT : #OAuth: Gettin' geeky with it. Confluence of progress w/ help from
singing in the car is my specialty.
Okay..i seriously cant emphasize enough how terrible Daniel Radcliffe is as an actor.
good to sleeeeppp :) I love you! Turn your devices of!
yes, but it was very nicely covered up, lucky me! I wanna be a renter again, ha.
seen it
Thursday Tweetcast - intermittent rain/storms likely, highs in the low to mid 80s. Rainfall between 1/4 and 1" in most spots.
Hour seven in hospital - now waiting for Cindy to get her room after surgery. My productivity is waining. I need a job or a glass of wine:-0
Knowledge came first. Books came about to ensure the knowledge could be accurately documented and shared.
Plans for the day, scrapped. The kid came out of her acting class an hour early because it hurt too much to talk. Home now w/a sore throat.
How've you been? Besides the head.
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.
yyeaah, main reason why i'm nervous. once i see if they're in the same hotel (or not) i'll be calmer.. hahaha.
Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.
Check out some of the cast from our last staged presentation in the wacky web series Welcome to California! www.youtube.com/sueslacks
*blushes* Pleasure to finally meet Claudia! ;)
": I'm surprised World Peace is not wearing elbow pads tonight.."nuggets need to be wearing nfl helmets!
SO over the facebook bra update. It was a stupid stunt. Unfortunately, it probably was an experiment that worked.
Allen West would b great for VP!!!
easy champ!! When the last time ur Boys won a playoff game ??? #1990's
following u!
I've been using the perfume I got from every single day now. I'm obsessed!
Just Got to the studio killed the Art garage tonight shot out"s.
Aw she loves to snuggle
OMG Hey Alex!!! How r u??? If u see this can u please follow me and ??? #NSN <3
Stop freaking singing in class. It's annoying. And your voice is horrible.
Aye! Follow <3 shes such a sweet Mahomie! Get to know her! (:
Nice! Enjoy your evening. :)
How can I get down wit 15five. I need to join the Army... Tell my azz where ya sign
I love doing haircolor but I swear hair cutting is my passion. It's gonna be one sick of ride doing this for a living. 7more weeks
I'm in love with #honeymoonavenue <3
on my way!
I had that happen to my code yesterday. turned out to be a StackOverflowException
It took them quite some time to build that brand. It wouldve been foolish to just watch it fall apart.
Holy shit last day of highschool
to do what?
When U Catch Yourself Singing A Song That You're Suppose To Hate
me neither
Enjoyed meeting the gentleman who created "Wild & Wonderful" slogan for WVa. He said he REALLY liked my "Wild Wonderful Webs" name. Nice!
you picked it up pretty quickly. Nice job. You'll be a less embarrassing dinnermate next time.
I wanna hang wit my boo kindy.....adad.
follow back?
R Kelly singing the song he wrote for Whitney.....beautifully done.....
slap box?
I be bored lol
Christmas EVE! boom:) haha yeah buddy:) all I do at twelve at night is play wii:) nerd much:)
Is it just me but it seems. Like some award shows r rigged vote for justin soon many. Times and don't win smh!
Go to ARMA.org/GARP to apply to be a tester and get a free assessment.
I enjoy your paper (a lot) but the voters watch TV and in their homes. I'm not "normal"
jQuery.cycle is amongst the best. More of a starter than a complete solution, though.
thanks :* i try haha
Did SAG/AFTRA sell ad space for the Live Stream today! Big numbers will be watching.
when a man sags his pants.
but please excuse me darlin' it's not you it's me
Gearing up for #nuggets #mavericks tonight
Something about a big truck. nothing compares ;)
Swag swag swag
I live for the full zest that my dreams offer me during the day, only to get a refill when I sleep
In rap you not really doing nothing unless you selling units
We can help you promote more efficient management and supervising, increase your sales, limit shrinkage, and save you money! Call us today!
Hey! Focus! Starting in 15 minutes on the it's the premiere of ! We'll be live-tweeting, so keep an eye here!
Hey Dangle my nut sac
Motivate - Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
#ICantStandPeople who lie all the time to make themselves look like hot shit
Best wishes to all those running Arizona and the tomorrow! Go get 'em ya'll!
"Exceptionally Excellant Experience"
i've got a small circle, gotta know the difference between friends and acquaintances
The lady lumps pix is great. And I friended you from past great conversations ben1129 to settingsun
You don't know what a hypocrite is? Buy a mirror bitch.
You need a 'hand' with that? ;) x
ozone climbing tomorrow. nice to have to a day away from work.
On my way to set to work with some talented people
SUPER LATE! BUT I FEEL U.STEP BY STEP DAY BY DAY IS ALL WE CAN DO SUMTIMES
Jessica Sanchez just killed stuttering. My fav song.
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall - but don't rush to pick him up either.
Let's unfold all this hate
come get it gamertag MR CHAMBZ
This will be MSNBC's lead story right?
THANK YOU DR.M.L.KING FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE 4 ME TO BE ME!!!FREEDOM RIDERS!!!
Just ran into a couple eel men
ACT in the morning #whoohooo
Question for #buildmadison folks: how do I decode xml encoded strings in javascript?
I sure do wish you would go ahead and just tell me already !
working there suxks
I'll "break" mine then put a claim on it para tu
ATTN: unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
I'm the live in the moment kinda person :(. "The cause of failure & unhappiness is trading what we want most for what we want at the moment"
nobody should have had Braun details in the first place
OMFG CESAR GOT HIS HAIR CUT! HE'S...BALD!
Thanks for the invite, but I was home with my kid last night. Next time!
ran the mile in flats. still passed. awesome.
For anyone who wanted to come over today to shower, rinse your hands, or drink from the faucet, my water is shut off for an unknown reason
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead. - Bill Hybels
You've had sex with more than 3 guys AND you're 13? Damn, your parents must be SO proud.
use a sars mask next time!
I.WANT.STRAIGHT.HAIR.
We'll be presenting AMMO Rack at Philly CocoaHeads tonight. Stop by! /cc
we're thinking about going next next week and even Frankie said she's going. Road trip!
Hey, but on the bright side they're no.1 at home and they really can't do much worse on the road.
has he forsaken his roots? Thats called a "Standout at the rotary" in Mass. parlance.
Always classy and holiday spirit!! :D
Can I have an Arch Deluxe?
While I love the integration of with I have learned the URLs for many accounts I saved are wrong :(
i would kill for starbucks and a bowl.
now THAT'S sad.
opening night cocktails meeting lots of cool companies launching new stuff here!
What did the shark say to the school of tuna fish?????? Nothing! Sharks can't f***ing talk!
The Princess Bride.
I do yoga and pilates and the room is full of hotties so I'm checking out the bodies and you know I'm satisfied....
YOU MIGHT HAVE. JUST BECOME MY BIGGEST FRENEMY
Homecoming 2011? Success;)
I don't know about "owning" but at least I didn't trip!
I think he killed his wife after a big fight and he snapped when she told him I'm threw
9 field goals in 7 quarters between LSU and Alabama
Happy New Year everyone
hahaha, you like those? (;
As President of The Hudson County Chapter of NJAWBO, I encourage women biz owners in Hudson County to join our new chapter. www.njawbo.org
Dreamt a conversation with Louis Gossett, Jr. re: MJ death. Funny. Couldn't care less about MJ, or Louis Gossett, Jr.
birthday wishes to your daughter! more cute pics please soon!
Remember the weed talk... "Maybe I need to try it." What?
Every time my car hits a kinda pot hole, or some shit, it sounds like it just broke...
lol true, probably still lives there too
Ugly People Expensive.... Yu Gotta Weave Make Up Every MF Thing Just To Make Them Look Cute
Loving agile.
This is the ninth annual Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project. Students interviewed survivors and liberators.
ask #nique he kno we sum #streetniggaz but kno how scheme up on sum paypa n a #job or 2
When boys get jealous it's kinda cute. But when girls get jealous.. it's world war I
is he yapping again?
I definitely agree.
When I was at the mall I was about to cry because I saw people I thought I was never going to see. I saw my Best friends from elementary.
love it, but not enough you or brittany!
I went to the gym... And then here! So bad but so good!
We used to use tiny soy pellets to encapsulate flavor, but our newer Lemon Ginger no longer has soy in it!
y do u have to get up tht early
That awesome moment when find out something so unbelievable. So you're just there with a stupid look on your face
The Pink Granny Panties of Courage
rule no 2. Meet right people. Not what u know but who u know
Thanks! We are not interested at this time.
News With a heart-wrenching loss at Augusta and an explosive win at the U.S. Open, Rory McIlroy transcended golf in 2011 Ror
hey! Long time no tweet ;) ~alex
I'm sorry. Hope whatever "this" is gets better. RT : This sucks.
Both of those sound good, rock them!
REST! Or, at least, nap when baby naps. Good luck.
I'm thinking we make Tuesday a half day...
last time I checked, McD's doesn't serve cake.
welcomes x
RIP MCA. How very sad.
Hope all the runners in Boston stay cool today
Cute kids in white dresses drinking from gigantic beer steins in the late 1920s.
Christmas with FCS at National City Christian Church, Washington, DC, December 6th at 3 PM. Tickets at fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the great presentation! It was my pleasure to be in the audience today.
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha has seven founders known as the “Jewels”
we ever gunna get to see that vag of yours?
Having a great Thanksgiving with extended fam in #Chicago today. What are you guys up to?
what happened :/ you're a good person.
Eleven Thousands American Troops in Haiti? I don't know people, but it smells like a subtle Occupation to me
John Irving's "The Imaginary Girlfeind" #fridayreads What are you reading?
I hate old people. The ones in Texas at least. The way they speak and how they have short tempers and think they know everything.
Today's alliterative triad: developing, documenting and disseminating.
why is that every time i hear the song Clocks by Coldplay I have the sudden erg to walk backwards?
“: I haven't tweeted a lot lately...”
I FINNA CUT A BITCH
Thanks! : Thoughtful work from about mobile food trucks!
In life some people will never understand the measures you go through to make them happy
Aww... Cameron Diaz like that joke.
Ready for Night School band rehearsal. Emphasis tonight on our Springsteen, Petty numbers with some Zevon thrown in as always.
paranoid parrot much?
Its nice to just chill.
OBAMA '12. all of these people should be institutionalized.
i found an old suite identical to yours! i'm rocking it for halloween!
RT : 3rd #MW3 care package: ELITE bag, tshirt, hoodie, buckle, sticker, MW3 hat, shirt, USB & signed PS3 copy. Follow + RT.
I'm suddenly feeling... very tired... i don't think this will be a good weekend...
I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3
People are often unreasonable, illogical,and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
Today? RT : When is da last date 2 get da Blogger Rate Early Bird Pricing 4 a Full BlogPaws Conference Pass?
When you act out of character I'll read you your script to put you back In to your role
There is someone outside down the street barfing up a storm. Someone needs to learn how to hold his liquor.
...drive again but I can't lift anything heavy for another 2-3 weeks.
That moment when your just like "why don't you shut the fuck up"
thanks girl!
Greetings people! Happy 15th Anniversary of #ThePhoenixLights We'll be there next time you come aliens!!!
I need those makeup removing facial wipes
Lol. You lied about the threat already. Then you showed was lying.
wish there was a Nando's in Boston.
Your favorite song and...
RT : I would love to see _________ as a guest performer on the
how can I send tracks to you that are available for licensing?
I wish we spent more time talking about the ways language can bend (& bloom) to serve our purposes, instead of trying to limit & categorize
Awww I'm sorry ://
Middle school buddy how are you?
how am I going to get thru work on Monday's without knowing #makeitorbreakit will be on tonight!!!!
Dr.Paul Bernstein to talk abt Weight of the Nation on Fox 5 in five minutes. Tune in!
Real men will work toward the greatest good. #quote rt
Studying for my hunger games test tomorrow.............. Lol nd I'm having fun lol
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.
Yeah! new macbook pro! Starting at 1699! Hecks yeah!
word, dude. I need to order a thousand hangers. Are you feeling better? Hugs, not drugs
Just finished an ARC of The Selection...what are you reading?
Hey man so I can come down anytime if you like, got my car back from maintenance...
RIP Chuck Colson (my study on the Logos from John 1:1-2 is dedicated to u!)
Can't wait! RT : Join us Twitter & participate in #FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie & making friends
Don't you just love birthday lunches?!
Went to TJ Max in attempt to find a dress. I had to leave because of the "music" playing.
Loving Kells Irish Pub with ! If you're in Portland for #ncph2010 come join us!
Or not
San diego
I've asked the designers to password protect it, so hopefully it's down now. Thanks much & I'll let you know when it's back up
"At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.">>>> love this, so true
Kiss my white ass , cause frankly dear , idgaf .
kobe a bitchh..
On a serious note I believe my boyfriends sister is jealous
It's nice to take a break and look at cuteness for a bit. :)
Big thanks to Marlisa Smith from for facilitating the first think tank at
i wanna c u doing an actual acting part in a movie... how was the auditions
I did do that. I blame it on the gin — as usual. Oops. How are you, by the way?
Windowless white molester van, hm...
Yuck Re: This edit I made last night/today. *grumble*
All future football games will be played in Norman. You can wear the home jerseys if you want to, no problem.
store Clarendon you did not disappoint! Pumpkin cheesecake I can't wait!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry.-Proverb
In the office on Sunday. just compared CARs to child birth -- , remind me to explain this one to you tomorrow..
Y'all making minor moves we on some
Thursday night has become the new Saturday night. This is for sure. #NoFridayClass :)
Making Tamales today...It's ON!!
ah online shopping , , .. done for the week.. maybee
hope you're having the sweetest of dreams sis :) time to werrrkkk again in a couple of hours hahaha lol :) love ya <3
Woke up with a headache
"A card player should learn that once the money is in the pot, it isn't his any longer.” ~ Herbert Yardley
Who is the poor kid that has to clean up that guy's testicle?
3 people are talking to me at once I feel like I'm watching a movie in West Civ.
anyone want to do something?
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed. at Long Wong&#39;s, be there!
I run to stay healthy, and because after fifteen years, it's a part of my life, I love it!
aw, you're too cute lexie. i'll share <3
That moment when you see a pic of someone that was *Super BAD* (sexy) in high school, but now they just look super bad.
Get Malaysian hair
I started watching their youtube videos yesterday and I love them! (:
its all apart of the plan!!!
r u kidding me kobe
in my experience, the institutional discussion is completely orthogonal to your (valid) concerns....
Going to make home made Chinese food! Ill try lol!
We seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties....
Playing on Stars...then headed to
honestly, I don't see how these relate to gundam outside the packaging :x
": hahahaha" totes at chucks bar
#whosgonnalose - New Orleans at Carolina - New Orleans will lose
Someday You, Me, Derek, and Steven need an epic reunion on the other side of the pond!
why would I lie (;
I got you lol.
right. she was like, "mandi, who is that girl on his ipod?" (she dont know bout them), i'm like, how the fuck should i know
Say what you want to say, as if the person you seek to persuade is standing there, listening
: killing it block 37 Is she playing Cupid Shuffle?
For Sale : 4 year old boy. Any takers?
Second Saturday and pizza...good times.
problem is "well designed" is rare. Too many people choose them out of the book. I've designed all of mine myself.
For the last time in 2009 - THANK YOU again for following Three Squares Greetings.
hi there, hope u had a great day, hugs XOXO
Who. Look at this Celtics/Hawks game!!
: Define total redesign? Updated and streamlined codebase and templates, new options on blocks, easier to find settings...
“: A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up"”
#OneThingIDontLike How twitter only gives me up to 140 letters to type.
#AnUnwinnableChallenge arguing with your woman
Jethro welcomes Perkins Outdoors , Florence Al. to its dealer network. Stop by and say Hello to Chris and all the fine folks at Perkins !
Got my free Target Earth Day reusable bags!
Up early, orchestrating a "Mystery Date." Details undisclosed in case you-know-who suddenly decides to read Twitter.
Having leftover ham and swiss from Tyler's French class project for lunch today.
RT : Oregon an exception in uni discussion. Ducks created their own tradition. Not UO's fault everyone copied them.
wish u were in wisco bro!
So Braun wins this one in 1 pitch right? Or does Ramirez redeem himself?
Also coming soon: Regional Food Hub Resource Guide
Wow, Jeld wen looks rocking but friggin cold and wet. Good luck timbers, put Portland on the map!
That demi recipe is awesome. Traditional demi is such a pain. btw, thanks for putting my tuna tartare recipe to shame...
Back in NYC. I managed to get up and out to two auditions today but am really looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow!
tried that ribs recipe. three words. m m m
My mom is deciding not to go to the emergency room.... Im confused.
Thanks for reading and sharing! cc
Who's looking to play some Fantasy Poker during this year's #WSOP? I'm happy to get involved...
Style: Saks on Saks on Saks - getting ready for a big photo shoot tomorrow! Stay tuned!
Friken rain I can't get shit on myh phone >.<
Don't use the ablerton or audacity, Rock it out on the Serato or even VDJ, but no pre-mixing!
Great question :)
you can be the big city bang bang
Why am I so tired...
well he isn't pretty wasted right now so I would venture a guess of a lot :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
you're filming in Russia? stay toasty!
>>Today is a day to relax & let the men treat y'all like a queen ladies
"TALK TO ME, YOU SILLY LITTLE FREAKS!!!"
New songs are coming along well! :] One more to go and we are ready to record this EP faw realz!
I wonder if my lack of decaf coffee this morning gave me this horrible headache?
half of my fart! :DD
Woke up to podcast on my radio this morning. I admit, the Seven Nation Army intro music is awesome. More awesome than Coyotes.
I'm pretty sure they are magical lizards!
lol def bed time with that face
Do you enjoy being a member of an #organization or #company?
It's no trick, $2 off all Tequila and Margaritas from 12-close tonight! Join us for a little late night haunting.
It kinda sucks how we don't really talk anymore and I see you all the time...
I have 3 exams left but I have not even made an attempt to study today *shrugs*
Waking up late on a late start monday
gonna be late to school but thats ok
These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago It is not possible to tickle yourself
About to start $100 noon daily with $1000 added. Avg age: 72.
Just saw on the Jumbotron!
The calm before the storm, gearing up for some long days and nights! You got to love it.
RT Optimist Club Gears Up For Cancer Walk On Saturday
Thx! Let's start reading through those blog posts!
Thanks, Katy! That is my sincere hope.
Happy New Year!
I would rather fall over & be home right now, than bike home.
Good morning! And happy Monday!!!
