lets go on a walk then !
salty millionaire?
this is stupid i hate feeling this way
Poor Charlie. At least no cone of shame.
will there be an online stream for this game or am I out of luck?
Id invite you for breakfast, but you dint make any -_-
damn.. you've got a point :]
Can't wait to hang out w my neighbor later!!!! come 😍
RT Who Wants Britney Spears Tickets? Sean Cage Has Them On-Air @ 7:20pm! Write On His Wall & Tell Him How Much U wnt Them!!
Will you Follow me ? My Birthday was Yesterday and I REALLY wanted to follow me ; </3 So can you ? Please?(:
I know what you mean, I get those least every other day! I hate when it involves money or a special date lol
I have more guy friends because girls are stupid and dramatic.
apparently I need a prom dress?
How does a group of dolphin's make a decision?Flipper coin!
In the car still driving to Florida!!xP
the quietness of dawn saves my being...
Needs to see why the judges are taking away kids and give them to their abusive dad's proven DV abusers?? HELP
I KNOW
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who's been with everybody.
just read your link, good stuff to think about. Is that Body by Bond in the teal square considered your logo?
I would Love the following to Follow me
my name is albert and im a doer thumps up !!
Aw that sucks. Good
Blackmon>Floyd all day.
stop trying to type like me lol
I'm pretty sure I followed everyone back! (:
awesome and quick questions y did u get so many and how much was it for all of those?
Juan Castillo is on for Molitor and will play 2nd. Gantner moves to 3rd. Appears to be a leg injury, hopefully not serious.
It's Super Tuesday. If you don't think what happens today affects you personally, it's time to put your big boy/girl pants on.
Our government should honor veterans by bringing home the troops.
Listening to Steely Dan after it mixed. Ryan E snuck some new sweet fills in the end of the song. Can't wait until we get this EP out.
8 flavahz, rng, mwc, and fanny pak are well known. This brings abdc views and ratings up. That's why they're still there. Not b/c of votes.
I'm back home. I have a meeting at a new club tomorrow sorry!
Work sucks
Okay power105 .. Going in all DMX im love it!! Getting me hyped lol
This Never Made So Much Sense. #Thru ..... YungronDaGeneral
Just cause you're 18 does not mean you're grown. You don't even have your license. Sit the fuck down, have a cup of water.
Having a wonderful Thanksgiving in Montana! :-D
Tip #65: LIVE PLAY: Pay very close attention to the players that do not use deception in the way they play. Profit.
Bummin it with sweats tm i guess .
I do not know this Paul McCartney song. What's with the white tux? Are we at a wedding? I want that guitar!
We just got confirmation on a pretty awesome poster gig this summer. All those nervous butterflies are in our tummies. Gonna be a good one.
FOOD DRIVE today!!! At our Tropicana and Mt.Vista location from 3pm - 7pm Donate and get free yummy hot chapurrado and bread!!
Is it raining EVERYWHERE?
Listen to my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, December 6th @ 5:00 PM on LA Talk Radio. Our guest is Eric Schwers, CEO of Baskit Wear.
hmm, wondering if the NCSAM crowd appreciates the controls systems security issues
Keep it up !!! Show the nuggets up!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all friends and family of Creative Works. We're looking forward to an exciting 2011!
Holy blurry photo batman!
There is nothin good about mondays.
Mix it up....Try putting a KTB parmesan crisp on it. Gives it a great cheesy crunch.
“: "PLEASE. girls don't like nice boys"”. Who says that?
Thanks for posting. Sony is about to become an interesting case study...
do you have a twin?
Happy Monday everyone..... :)
Max's Dragon Shirt w/ Corps members and Jim Sourwine of Capital Hill Partners
that's the worst championship game of any sport at any level I've ever seen, however.
Hi ~ sent you an email after the festival of Books! Did you get it? : )
Why won't simplepie in #Joomla throw an error with invalid URL? I just get 500 internal server error GRR!
omg i was like this guy is 26 and youre trying to get with a single mother but hes obvi team
Lol, if only you knew my full honest opinion of you these days.
RT : Everybody's getting THE SAME MESSAGE here - books are not their containers.
brings back to many memories
Follow My other Account Pleasee Everybody? &
Good mornin, hope you have a nice and easy work day today :)
Twitter wont load ill finish numbers later?!
You're welcome
I love my lil big sis ! She made my shorts look so cute!
Commence whining sequence: But I don't wanna go home! <insert foot stamp here> hmph
and PS fuck u if u don't follow me. HUplo for your roll! I'm all over that
maybe. DM me. We'll talk.
beautiful jeans for beautiful legs, ladies!
:-) RT : No way! 4th and Forever just followed me! Lol.
“: Got official scholarship email today. Acknowledgment of hard work is priceless #MBA #SPAIN #StudyAbroad #latism” congrats!
a respectful connection to your heritage is one thing. Totally enveloping yourself in it is another.
she anserd me and she sed no and so i sed u sure and she just ignored me, so i had to go to thebathroom wit ice on (c)
Rip Steve Jobs He was a technological genius.
All happy families resemble one another; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. (Leo Tolstoy)
hahaha i like that get money hustler
Reading Goethe's Egmont on train today- it's been a decade since I read it last and, with my more recent mad Netherlands love, it is way rad
Some ppl need fi bill still hate ppl that talk alotta shit message from mi
do you like toffee? I make delicious homemade toffee and would love to send u some!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Our old memories.
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY
Crazy San Diego traffic law: It is illegal to shoot jackrabbits from the back of a streetcar.
Had a great birthday yesturday!!!
Chocolate Assortments Store Online: 32pc Dark Chocolate Cordial ...
Watching 30 for 30 about our Canes on by ....cool story!
Will someone pls wake me when the Presidential Elections are over? Or the tall black sock & white sneaker trend. Whichever comes 1st.
Cole is too talented to be called bush league. He is our best pitcher. He brought us the 08 title.
Great -- that should be perfect! Thanks for your quick response.
Aw! :) RT is a SUPER FLY CHICK and I am her SUPER MAN..
Check out our amazing new logo. #J676 is heading to #southmadison for some amazing food on this beautiful day. Come join!
Knowing the Drupal community, I just don't see that happening. But I do think it will open up some new opportunities...
#mytunes ...and its hard to dance with the devil on your back
I am now addicted to looking up the inflammation factor in my food. I didn't even know that information was out there.
Sick #Beddroc pool party We in here #WHOOP!!
'Spring Tree' is back in Phinney Ridge, stocked with toys, dog biscuits; neighbors can 'take something, give something.'...
oh big F grade for all of them who are bitter..they will grow old to be sad and grumpy..they will not find any happiness
50 BONES AH MONTH...
meh. I had the caprese panini. Should have known better w/ tomatoes not in season. It would have been awesome w/ ripe ones.
Had brunch and a nap!
oh Eric...you are trying to be so Logical/but there is no such thing as #RWlogic that is what we are learning right ?
Make me know your ways, O Lord, Teach me your paths. Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation
Big Bear tomorrow. Hope I don't feel as bad as I do today tomorrow.
Genius in NY told me had to be shipped to depot,genius here in San Diego tried reinstalling OSX and couldnt.Next genius gave me a new laptop
have so much fun, britt!! You are going to sparkle :)
Im pissed I didn't get any calls or texts...
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
What would Rome be without a good plot?
In case you haven't heard, there is a #rivoli cleanup on Saturday April 14 at 9am. With breakfast by !!
Loving the submissions for our #FrenchPharmacie twitter contest! Don't forget, you have until Saturday at 12 to enter!
I would love these new automatic lights in my classroom if the sensor would actually register my movement. Working in the dark.
don't know how to explain
#RickieFowler looks awful.
I'm getting "HIGH" off #SUCCESS.... U want a "HIT"!!??? Put ya MONEY WHERE YA MOUTH IS...ill jump on it quick
Just to be clear -- I don't *actually* want to kill anyone. Just wish it was legal to give animal torturers a dose of their own medicine...
Yes, you have some teaching! I LOVE Bonnie! So glad you are going!! 1st time I saw her...Steamboat...Sheraton Hotel... :)
i could eat endless amounts of frozen yogurt. i would be a happy girl.
g'morn Mr. Patterson
this piece is fing brilliant and among the best summaries yet on the developing 'kent state' moments that seems upon us
Why don't charities and porn mix? It's like we make evil money or sumptin.
Awesome! Glad you stopped by!
Thank you!
So relieved. Exams over. Time to sleep forever lol jk
Long term drug abuse is a growing danger to people's health. Yet, our entertainment professionals do little to demonstrate, inform abt them.
For the press, progress is not news. Trouble is news.
Starting Team Highlight DVD for Algonquin HS Football's Banquet 30 DVDs in retail pkg complete inc editing $1099
and Thesis theme is best for SEO.
I was *going* to go back over Escape and write today - turns out my website is completely gone off the server of my hosting co
Honey - & #DNC show lackluster connection to our #LGBT issues & offer the #Repugs2blame COVER - keep trying!!
RT : Why am i so obsessed with this 4th and forever show??
This is ACTUALLY a Google search I just did for ACTUAL research: "mushroom magic pumpkin pizza florida".
just put it in the trash cuh
hurry up and come backk
I just heard the retired shuttle is doing a fly-over the dc's potomac river Tuesday between 10 & 11am. I hope to catch a glimpse & snapshot
Finally understanding Views Arguments. I guess I just needed someone to *show* me.
Guess what is between AZ and TX? New Mexico!! We get skipped all the time! No fair!!
I wonder if and jayded records are lookin for artist?
Will be similar to last year's Thursday night win over UCLA: Ducks roll 59-21
that's awesome!!!
We're giving away $450 in FREE ScooterCabs vouchers tonight at #BikeNight at in Middleton!! Stop by, say hi, sign up, WIN!
when will you be expanding to San Diego!?!
Finally 1000 tweets, took me a minute doe
Enjoy every minute of it!
this is beyond a "walk taken," this is an summer olympic RUN across the field taken
no...my moms only taking my brother. -____-
the fact that you're talking about it right now is great publicity for his show. He needs to be thankful for Twitter.
My feet are freezing' ⛄
yeah a while ago. Lol its cool to finally be on good terms with everyone haha.
SO! RT : It's official is obsessed with
If I Die Tomorrow would you please tell him that I love him and i will never forget him. BITCH IM TALKING ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER
“: Choke Choke Choke” They did everything but choke! Not like they blew a 20 point lead! What game u watching
I keep getting emails about "great Mother's Day gifts." You know what make a great Mother's Day gift? Death certificates.
My point exactly. Some young lad is in control I'm sure.
You're playing with my emotions. You're driving me insane. I want to say I hate you, but I it's impossible to hate the person you care about
true audio has been amazing this year
Eating Olympia oysters picked up at the University Farmers market yesterday. They are lovely, and somehow they have a hint of turnip.
But will there be bacon in abundance?
We're trying to convince it's ok to take a random cough drop from I wouldn't, but Patrick should ;)
ANGELS IF YOU DID NOT SEND YOUR EMAILS PLEASE DO SO. ALSO IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SKYPE ACCOUNT PLEASE SET ONE UP
I'm thinking about moving to California, Texas or either New York
but what about the phishing and the twitter and the e-mail etiquette?
you will be my favorite person ever please
#PRIME2012 :31 Straight Days: :The People The Celebrations: Just hours away from
Movies with Ashley :)
build it up, build it up
Hey , our singer quit the band. Would you be interested in joining? I know your busy but thought we would ask.
I took my love down to the Hollywood Bowl.....
I just like Tyler :D -MB
make sure you let me know how your #nom session is!!
wait im kinda confused.... is ALL of mb gonna be in the movie or JUST 1 of them.
Hiding eggs for my bro lol.
A bad case of it's-4pm-on-Friday just hit me.
lolsz ryte u need to grow
please help trend
How can one not like Wong's Wok yet they like the China Buffett heat lamped food?..yikes..
You hurt me, but do i deserve this? You make me so nervous .
If you ever complain about your neighbors having sex, you should immediately go up to the 6th floor, open the window and jump!
Franchise News IFA Calls for Secretary Geithner, Congress, to Reverse Job-Killing Financial Regulations on Small Business IFA Calls for Sec
NY: April 20th is National Haitian Diaspora Day! Start by celebrating The Toussaint L'Overture Symposium fun/prizes/drinks/music/HISTORY
Haha. I know. I am getting yoohoos and Dr Pepper. But my tacos are veggie tacos. And they are open to eating new things
You say you push him back. Lies. I saw you walk with him. Dont fucking lie to me.
Do you think that it IS a good use? RT how can you prove to other staff that SM is a valid use of time/resources?
Good Morning, Toni! What was the brand of pants you like ?
RT : Calling NYC design writers - is hiring - email us if you or someone you know would be a good fit:...
PLease Follow ! <3
Having an awesome time at KCSS FM!!! Listen up for ménage giveaways California!!! :)
need a credit card as well
Thx 4 the follow! Hope u enjoyed #ism2012 and everything charm city had to offer you!
Chapter 2012 Page 68 of 366 I'm told it takes 10,000 hours to be an expert...1 down 9,999 to go.
Our lady Planiteers just participated in Baltimore's first fitness flash mob! Did anyone see us dancing in Santa hats on Pratt St. today?
whats up Kay
Cloud Browse 4.0 now with retina display for iphone!
104 year old grndmothr & Bo Sox fan died today. On death bed her family ask if she had any final words. She said, I'm glad I wasnt a Cub fan
that's like our saying apparently haha
i did. how was yours?
Why does Biden looked surprised at what Obama is saying?
#Str8LykeDes... Ok. Ok. That's fine..
lady I haven't said anything to u for more than a week and u hav chosen to reply twice.Hava sunny day 2u one of the 99%! ;)
i hate how i am so easily pulled back into your bullshit.
Yes please
Yoga was awesome!! Kicked my butt...now onto poker!!
No Prob. We must keep you from a Hemingway demise. I don't recall how he went, but I'm guessing it wasn't very well. :)
duh!! Of course you should! You know how amazing is!
MacBook Pro + VMWare Fusion = The best windows computer I've ever owned
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors. Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
FOLLOW A HOT FRESH ARTIST CHECK HIM OUT!!
One-legged homeless man just encouragingly reminded me Tuesday's behind me and tomorrow's hump day!
I don't want to imply support group, I want to imply people who are okay with you doing the thing you're doing.
have fun-good luck- stay safe!! We'll miss you!
": fickle fans??? Fuck you douche bag" STILL HATE EM I SEE! LOL
thanks girl!! What do you think are the best things to write about?!? I feel like no one cares ;)
We have big plans for you all!
we're taller than jesus.
love you son.
I always see posts about but I have no idea what it is. About to look into it, but anyone want to give a crash course?
Seems to be the new "in" drink. I am not sure why. Had a similar one in Vegas last year, and it was terrible
Yes Anna and i went out and "you know who" came by and talked alot of bulshit :D We are waiting for you!!
"(Dis)Unity in Difference? Opposition Responses to the GCC Process in Yemen" Stacey Philbrick Yadav
Feels good to be back on your feet :) Can't wait til this Summer, it's gon' be live AF!
There's no vegetarian food at my grandma's Mother's Day cookout.
wow. You don't look it! You look 20 (;
you know you can link your account to FB and update both at the same time? Then I see your posts too xD
man you will fill that missing link for us.. We need you!! Come aboard and let's get #8.. Go Big Blue!!
Did I win the cookie?
Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss... come on guys the wizards?
Go John.
So excited for my daughter, Mattie, for being selected to sing the National Anthem @ #TheHembyCup #HockeyGame on Oct. 22 @ 1pm
Excellent! joins the Twitter revolution! Look forward to seeing SF Opera in the Park with friends on 12 Sept in Golden Gate Park.
RT: Im already on one!
Kurt from glee?!
In reflection I am mad at myself that I did not make the time to draw and take pictures while I was in Puerto Rico
Saw that the roads had been salted this morning - time to check the forcast! :)
Thank u boo live n miss u too!"" “ SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MI LUV HOPEYU HAVE FUN LOVE YA AND MISS YA ENJOY :-)”
Don't you dare squish that baby's head!
will we be spending time this summer? Or do you have a shit ton of events?
they say "smart phone, dumb head"
you vixen!
Good times tonight with some of my favorites.
we are booking some shows now, hopefully sometime in June we shall be playing on Long Island! :)
It’s Bye Week for our Seattle but we still love seeing the rest of the #NFL supporting #BCAM!
Lake Lanier is up 2 inches! Thank You God!
#ff to our very cool client - great people, great product, great corporate citizens!
Sometimes we put on a smile and act like nothing's wrong. It's called: Putting shit aside and being strong.
I ball with Spalding
thanks girl love you too! :)
Cleveland Cavaliers have 2 of the top 4 picks.
Queen on #idol is
Acupuncture can also reduce swelling and pain without meds, and reduce healing time. You might want to check into that...
I'll take you to Melon's & few blocks from my apt. Sorry that happened! Their chili/cottage fries sound perfect now.
And the winner by TKO in the 2nd round.......... over
I think it did. Didn't see tweets otherwise. But it is a 2 hour finale, IIRC.
Justin Dentmon, Blake Ahearn, Edwin Ubiles, Malcolm Thomas and Greg Smith named to the 2012 All-NBA D-League First Team
We learn to know things, to do things, & to be things. We mostly want our students to become something.
This is going to be a nice and short 2 day week.
who's giving the Frederick Douglas Paper? I'd love a copy.
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
Someone wanna be a doll and bring me some food?
Google alert blowing up for days b/c gets star on H-wood Walk of Fame. Congrats and all that but media needs to let it go.
I had the same thought about being a historian- "Sure, your theories on the work camps are compelling, but please solve for y."
Come on 1st of the month I'm ready for my Army check...
littleShenaChug thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
did a pike frontflip and a inward flip off the diving board yesterday.
Robert's Choice st: THE FIGURE STUDY... Let the human form be your canvas.
Let's hope your tweet will be the only time you have to ask "how did that happen" for the time being.
Thank u for coming out and supporting the WEE 1st Annuall Multicultural Business Showcase. It was a REAL success.
#TheWorstFeeling: When you see the person you like with someone else.
Bankers want low risk and high profits and if they can get the GOV. to guarantee loans they couldn't be happier. NO RISK As good as it gets
#RT if you have goals
Now I Know I Have No Friends.
i want to buy a ps3 on SHOP
you should! Summer is best :)
Hung out with a little cutie today ;)
yero lemme know when u got a slot for me in there
Bands - need new photos? Hit up Chase! He's hooking up deals because he spent all his money on tour. Email him at !
everyone has a husband or boyfriend and I'm single.. :(
with and morning of amazing conversations
I'd snap their hands off for £27.5m + Ireland!!! Take it and run!
CONTACT ME MY LEGAL FORMS SITE AND 100 LEGAL FORMS AND GUIDES BOOK SERIES SOLD ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Chinese food
k will u follow me? :)
The Lakers are giving away t-shirts tonight, as if giving away the last game wasn't enough?.
Me, too - like a CD to music, still something too ephemeral about a digital file.
Tired of pulling my black suit out of the closet..
omg! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Can't believe I almost forgot. Love you! :D
m hm. You betta start praying.
Wow josh Hamilton
No way!!! RT : In the original version of Little Red Riding Hood, Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf eat grandma together.
The plural of anecdote is not data! reminds us of Lee Shulman's quote.
why does love always feel like a battlefield? a battlefield!
The 80s gave birth to the alternative movement for which the 90s took credit. Innovation came in so many diff varieties.
I need you to follow me for motivation. I am using the Heat in 2K12. Do you play the game?
YES. RT I'm looking forward to April 2014. MILWAUKEE YEAR!!!
I'm running a "people-motivated" campaign, too, just like
So upset that I'm not seeing at Madison Square Garden tonightt:(
Am I the only one still standing up clapping #ScandalABC ended? That's good TV. BRA-f'in-VO!..BRA-f'in-VO!
Who finished their taxes this weekend?? #IDid ;-)
We are excited to have you as a reviewer! See you this weekend!
feel free to join in whenever!
Damn I really don't want togo to work tomorrow morning. 4 hours in-between shifts sucks ass!
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it. ~ Katharine Whitehorn
Yea I got me sum nutts 4 my sundae
but sadly, only in your eyes
The entry interview has specific do and donts as does the exit interview.
Today is about mending and miso soup and maybe Mad Men. And alliteration.
IPod > phone any day!!
if you're joking Michelle I will never let you do one of my physics labs ever again!!!
Kobe Bryant-->Assassin
2nd floor construction update: the water fountain and bathrooms are back in service!
oh i gotta put that line in a song!.
Great to hear. Been through a couple of resto kitchen fires myself, & news like that always sends a shiver down my spine.
Skipping 5th with Genesis!
The only thing worse than ICP is _____
I'm so sad that MIOBI is over but I can't wait to see what the rock girls have planned for us next!
Watching Golden Girls first thing in the morning makes for a great day everyday.
Glad we lost now instead of losing in the NCAA, and so we'll lose our cockiness. We'll be fired up and ready to go in the NCAA. #BBN 💙🐱🏀
I hope you're the host of THE RULE SHOW
RT Listen to #ThePowerPlant at 9PM tonight, or you hate puppies.
If that is the case I'll have plenty of time to show you over break while the campus is abandoned.
Uhm sike I'm closer to him rn he's mine ok
Aren't ya kinda leaving the haunted folks to fend for themselves in a house full of probably now angry ghosts cuz people got evidence?
Glad you like it! Send over some Chammyz and they'll be in my photos for sure! ;-)
its not an arguement its a statement.
Thanks for having us!
me too.
Shout Out to my new followers thnks
you are incredibly awesome and your music has been a great influence in my life. Thank you!
Attn Historical and Literary Fiction lovers: Watch for your chance to win a signed copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE! Contest specifics coming soon!
Homeward bound to Athens !!!
City picked up 172 illegal signs in Pike Township between January 11th and February 8th. I see hundreds more.
G'morning ABQ! There are some great articles in the current issue of Come by and grab a FREE copy today!
Oh no! After all that struggle in the morning.
We'll still love ya, Kyle! To a long and prosperous career, kiddo - tell Carimi we still love him, too!
A boy has never wept..nor dashed a thousand kim..
maybe its Because she doesnt know the answer and want to get to know you better
We should be coming through in September!
Ugh! Dog owner dilemma, pick up some other dog's poop cuz your dog pooped right next to it. I did, cuz I'm responsible.
hahah thank you!(:
ha! Hopefully their kid turns out ok.
QoTD: "Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you." (Arnold Palmer)
You can only wear your hair up one a week. Today is that day.
Come on, Joan. What kind of Hippy world you livin' in? Think of all the beauty and adventure you can buy! ;)
being real freaky on my TL lol
The moment when you wake up look at your phone and you relized you texted someone in your sleep..-.-
I don't think advertising #freepot while supplies last at is a good marketing strategy. How does that make your business look?
the fact that Miranda's bringing like 5 people with her to my game <<<<<<
RT:We giving out the Last 500 Turkey Coupons Southside Cricket store 1006 SW Military Dr with 98.5 The Beat
For just one day, I'd love to be able to drive like a cop with my lights on thru rush hour traffic.
you ladies totally inspire me. Make me laugh and think.
Thanks for all of your hard work!
How exciting... and I'll even be in that state for part of the time. You going to watch any stages there live?
I want one! Damn, I want two! <--Backup, of course. RT Weapons of Mass Description (via )
It's cool if you don't like me.. just don't pretend you do.
It looks like the executioner is among us. These days must come.......and they must pass.
Saw that link.. Magictune not compatible w/ NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed.. other calibration recommended?
I wish I had the ambition to study.
Catching my nephew's T-ball game!
Thanks for performing last night. You guys are freaking hilarious!
was just thinking the same thing... Definitely a real possibility!
can I borrow dat?
Over 100k people out of work jobs are needed now
o that's the worst & so unprofessional :/
yall better bring ya asses you know it only take me 5 minutes to get there lol
Railings at Carols, I was right Carol, those railings are not up to code on Wickiup Lane. Carol has knives at the level of a child, pointing
Academy Member Robert Way was elected as President-Elect for the Arizona Chapter of NAELA for the 2010 year. Congratulations Robert!
Am following up on Samira's case for Wmn Undr Siege. If you have info/thoughts u would like me to include, pls let me know.
Okay! But only if we get to sing our vows... in our Britney voices! (obviously...)
: 10% of any service call for an appointment today! 630-434-9053
Thank god, managed to postpone jury duty so that I could do Justice can wait...America
Thank you, gents!
White boys with dread locks HOT!!!
thanks for the RT! :)
u r fine as hell tweek and follow unsigned rapper help sing hook on my next track...let's meet in LA on
yeo sup homie. We out to Lithuania today, back to The UK tomorrow. How long you in town?
Too amazing days in a row; what are the odds? Great for seeing some amazing art or
Awesome one! : #obamaforgot that dog is NOT the other white meat.
hey fellow Texan how are you? Haven't seen or talked to you in a minute. Whats new?
Someone help me !!!!!
she's the girl that you love to hate.
At home:)
i think we might qualify as lame....naaa FUCK THAT!
Thanks, Tricia! ::presses on with the edits::
And we want to run a very engaged workshop - pls collaborate and jump in!
you WAS THERE!!!...I didn't come downstairs, I didn't even kno somethin was goin down bro..I was just stopping by forreal
Steal an election? Surely u cannot recall Georgie Bush's theft of Florida, huh?? Duhh
Friends across the pond are building a sharing marketplace, aggregating coll-cons services in the UK. Good on you, mates!...
apologies for the late reply....so flatterd, but I'm engaged. :)
who's listening to #jockjams? yup that's right.
O.e
let's just hope that it's a full team effort, and Kobe doesn't have to play hero ball like game 6
I’m celebrating #WorldBackupDay by backing up my personal and business data with ! How are you celebrating ?
I am DREADING comp 2. That teacher puts me in a bad mood.
Spending easter with my best buddie <333333
Can't wait for next week. Love seeing the #Packers in person.
“: So it's official: Palmetto's gonna be the freshest group of kids up at universal lol” are all schools dressing up or just us?
hi my buddy
The Atlanta Hawks are hosting Charlotte Bobcats today at the Philips Arena. NBA lovers can get some last tickets by calling us: 888-493-0004
Happy to be working again today! Have a great Monday people!
New phone; no contacts ):
#cvcouncil "We need to know where we want to go before we can plan how to get there."
There r far too many beautiful women to get stuck on 1 especially if she'n feelin u
To all teachers near and far, THANK YOU! Happy National Teacher Day!
thnx. pretty cool, huh?
“: Polygons #DOSIO_LIVE” amazing night! So blessed to be sharing the stage with them. Happy bday to !
I'm From The Jungle Bitch With Them Real Bananas
very similar to when you walk outside to realize your car has been towed :(
i dunno ahhahah:')
...yeah. She's probably in the Bush League.
I'd also rather try out projects than hear about them. A hands-on lounge next year, perhaps.
#CareerRealTalk "You have to have balance life. Your household has to be tight to be able to take care of business."
Have a safe flight wherever you're going isabel <3 And feel better :) !
really, how can i forget about this?
um... i dont think anyteam can make it to the 2nd round...u gotta be good... say the lakers sorry... yal needa eat a dic or sum...
true true
awh true;) do you turn yours over to the cold side?:S
I wanna play!
Sounds good, I'm on it
If only The Jets had signed him, they have a roster full of qbs that throw tough to catch balls!
Oh, that's reasonable. I don't think that's "big money" relative to NBA RT Good answer. But he's worth $7-$8 million a season.
what does that mean XRISTOS ANESTI !
I even told my friend afterwards: 'This cute girl in red came up to me then scampered off, looked REALLY familiar.. '
excellent! How are you doing? ^ag
Hello Everyone, I hope you had a blessed week and blessed weekend!!! Be blessed..
You've got to roll with
5 billion dollars says that wasn't what Vogel drew up.
Good things will happen if you have faith and believe with all your heart. It may take time but it will happen.
“: thank you!!! lets get together soon please!!” yes! I would love that! :)
Morrissey cosplay was the best idea I had today
Leaving is the hardest part... or it just me?
live and learn lol
☺The more the heart is nourished, with happiness, the more it is insatiable. -Gabrielle Roy
you even got the moms on twitter now follow me and !!! its my mommaa
I love my parents. Unlike normal people that stay inside when it storms they go running outside like little kids.
ohmygosh. our name is tatiana?:o
Found book with obvious typo on the title page. I fixed it in my catalog, but some other libraries kept spelling & added [sic]. Still done?
I only follow Ersay because he occasionally gives away free stuff.
You may have fled the country, but you can still chat with the #RISDphonathon! #Tagger and crew, calling all international alumni! #lookout!
you only live once
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Rebekah Reems for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
did he resign???
"the secret of war lies in the communications"
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't wait till summer break
he is risen indeed!
Steve Smith makes a good point about evaluating serials subscriptions on a case by case basis and not only on cost per use numbers.
damn, R.I.P. MCA
Mass Effect 3 time. Equipment packs are back!
RT : Keep this business sustainable and professional-keep standards high MT Its now time for
Happy Thanks Giving to all of the #rap #jazz #blues #hiphop #ska #dj #country #folk #heavymetal #reggae #rock and other music lovers!
do you have an example? Would like to review the blog in question..
Spice Sample Roundup
sweet Jesus Michael... I cannot stop laughing
big year for Dustin dallas Clark keller
I can't wait to see magic Mike. makes my jeans tight
Best change I've ever made is opening up my brain & looking at things differently and choosing to be positive. Infinite sweetness. -I
Come on #Bruins - that's more like it!
she can love you good but i can fuck you better better better better better better ey
#Nike and #NFL need to take a page from #Apple.... Stop the BS'ing and get to the good stuff already!!!
Wron G said that.
very soon. yesterday, soon.
Mobile network slowing down dramatically as Clinton time nears
BOOM! (Even though there's still one missing...but I won't mention it.)
Going Down In Texas Houston Salute
so Excited to hear how it goes!! Praying for you today!
Finishin up this production.......
1st wk. of school & kiddo couldn't find friend to sit w/ at lunch... High school is tough -oh my heart. Found a friend today.
No worries // Thanks for the great content ... I hope you're having a good Thursday!
Good morning. Hope you are are doing well :)
SAT word of the day: ribald (adj.) coarsely, crudely humorous
In Music Meeting Slash “By The Sword” w/vox by Wolfmother’s Andrew Stockdale it’s exactly what you expect
now suitably indoctrinated with PTA's National Standards for Family-School Partnerships - so similar to public library service strategies.
Retweet spree real quick.. Nun major
That's our 'Don't Hate Your LMS' campaign. Its surprising how many hate theirs and want to poke the doll.
I love what I do!
NYC Food Trucks have permits to vend, but no legal places to vend. No vending at meters! #CrazyNYC Tell me your crazy NYC story!
Here's looking at you kid
idk bro i just like pitbulls voice.
It feels like there are 10 Rangers on the ice and 3 Caps at all times.
Dear Liam I just have to say that you are SO handsome and you seriously have a voice ! I love you so much! #1D Te amo
Far far away, and Id do anything just to see his face.
Done! Follow back?
Even though it hurts a lot sometimes you just got to let it go and move on!
wine painting?!
Working on something.. Perhaps steam punk.. Seems cliche to me but whatevs.
Providing the San Diego community representation in the following areas, bankruptcy, business, tax, estate planning needs, and probate law.
love conferencing w you!
Dear Body, I am not trying to kill you. This exercise thing is supposed to HELP you. Stop fighting it.
ahahaha, ill make sure of that! :)
love him.
RT : uses Net Promoter Score #NPS to track social media success: how likely r u to recommend us? Scale 1-10
Oh gee, I dunno...TAKE ME WITH YOU!
Class this Saturday will be canceled due to a funeral
Hey I just met you but this is crazy here's my number so call me maybe?;)
but that shit's dead in the modern military.
What have u got planned for later my friend? I am in need of a happy hour!
Doctor, dentist and optometrist in one week? Wah.
RT : Great day of planning for the future > I agree!
Answer for marsupial question: most just lick their pouches clean, but those with downward-facing pouch...
Already packing my clothes up again. Summer was fun while it lasted.
you lucky girl! did you take a pic of your cart?
haha i just liked the sound of phillis - i was either gona go to vistaprint or zazzle if they were good
Q: any database nerds wanna nerd out and help me brainstorm a data model for my webapp? come by uptown espresso in SLU.
Have Qpons when you need them most- when you are nearby or looking for something. www.qponomics.com. FREE download to your smartphone!
hahahhaa love that last hashtag! Get. It. Boy!
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas finding my students the best homestay families in #Chile... they are going to LOVE Vina del Mar!
RT : For those asking, has confirmed the death of Andrew #Breitbart from LA Coroner & other sources.
Pittsburgh has a startling lack of hotels in areas of the city where there's actually stuff to do.
People are never what they seem. Even to themselves.
otay do it out my house
Love them too! We're jammin' right before them at FPL Stage 6pm! Hope you can make it over!!
wow ): I was waiting for it D:
look who talkin ;)
I think he's a Hstn Select 2001 alum. I wonder what his best 2 david salinas stories are?
. Archivists need to reach out to community, orgs, etc to promote digital preservation. Helps spread archival mission.
okay good! :)
Thx RT : and dessert. N lobster Risotto. Big enou
Rant ended. I'm really loving reading Rebecca!
dont feel like cooking for dinner call picosos mexican food we deliver. look us up at picososmexicanfood.com or call 303-999-0785
: Be weary of those RT's, for they only increase the KB score.
First half of the night - Quad Squad 167, Reservoir Dolls 120
Hi Evie! We emailed you about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com
Watching movie at school.
He also said that a $5 portion at family-run Bismallah is enough to feed two people. Think I know where I'm heading next. Anyone been?
la la la la la la ♥
just replaced my 2007 Prius with a 2012 Prius V. I'm a very loyal Prius owner.
I think my mom found out about my little lunch date with my girls....fuucckkkkk.
Everything I'm favoriting today has already been deleted. I am enjoying what doesn't exist. The Abyss gazes into me.
agree! RT : Why are there no adult modern dance classes offered in #RVA???? It's very frustrating.
I take my pants off someone yell #Timber!!!
& Thanks for the follows!
(Correction) We'll have another info session from 10am-12:30pm on Wed, 2/23 at kiosk G, JC. Free cookie!!
thank you so much again for following!!! Xooxoxoox
YEESSSSSS!!! ATTA BABY CANO!!! Red Sox cant even take a homerun derby from a Yankee!
My 8 yr old god son: "my brother wears swagger. He thinks he is h-o-t."
why is it everytime I need to use the metro, there is always construction going on the line I need...smh
Best snack while playing video games? beside Doritos of course!!
We can help finance, refinance, and recapitalize even the most challenging deals. We've been doing it since 1993!
its funny how you say you hate me , but deep down , you still like me lol
seven. Still recruiting?
When the pitchers are making fun of your fielding, you know you did something bad.
Game one of the #CWS Championship starts in 2 hours. Who do you have winning it all?
It's amazing (to me) how many people are videorecording the performance.
This is the end of you and me.
Geometry Is For Squares... See what I did there? :-)
alright lewis, need a good quote on job hunting with social media.. give me some gold in 140 characters!
Does not know why people who play softball have so much built up rage?
Thanks for the professional development this morning!
checking out the gala event : )
Are you my brother on Twitter? Cool dude.
Oh my! That sounds adorable!
ugh it would.
You betcha! Like to hear news like that!
RT : #vcrushny says Yahoo is a media co in a tech location. They should move HQ to NY w Eric as CEO
haha find me an outfit to wear so we can go out!!!
Or not... Garbonzo went to live at a store here in pdx today. Can I make you a similar one instead?
hahahah no prob. I might steal it for something if I want to :)
Hmm, do you use a blast chiller and/or incorporate some mascarpone? Someone always does that, lol.
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing all those who opposed them.
hahah lil weezy thanks u playa. if u wanna see fireman check out this concert!
“: Watch and pray that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak." Matthew 26:41
oh it's ok^^ so how old are you?
Ladies, don`t ever try to get a taken man to cheat. Cause if he does cheat on her for you, he`ll cheat on you for another girl too.
I hate birthdays.
Can't...stop...watching...midget...wrestling!!! That #Blixx guys a punk!
"You told me...we wouldn't see you today. I hope it's not you...Oh my god I'm so sick," he said, about a body in a burnt Santa Fe home.
I like Juan Williams-but he's wrng to see Gingrich's debate answer as about race-young folks need to start at low jobs to appre.better ones.
thanks lindsay! Love your concept too!
At The Kennedy with Can't wait to see !!!! is killing it right now!!!!!
We're closed today, but will be back on Tuesday! Our Acme Tuesday Special is an All-American Combo for just $4.25!
To travel, work, & have time to explore the cities I visit is truly a blessing. I'm not the richest girl but my experiences are priceless.
lol u get anger out of it cuz that shit didn't just happen in person.
Hi there ! I am interested about learning about your business.
I'm sure NH Repubs will really appreciate Huntsman's proficiency in Chinese. Wait, no they won't.
The homer in me says White Sox, realist in me says Rays.
I'm quite tired.. Therefore I shall go nappy :)
Hey! We can't do reservations in advance, but we'll do our best to have you covered, and you'll always get an email receipt!
glad SNU had Ben Lowe. If he's still around tell him Kevin Lum from Sojo said hello.
At a party
you have the authority to open doors in your life that have never been open -
re: the live demo and your theatre degree...I am envisioning singing and dancing, perhaps with a hat and cane. Yes?
best friends :)
Mother nature is banging her drums HARD right outside my window!! It's a Netflix kinda night.
Headed to Detroit? I'm sitting in the Delta terminal at LGA. The security theater was impressively comical today
yah it's not storming anymore
That's what we're talkin' about! : The best Drupal hosting in town! Hard to believe how fast drupal's running :)
#FirstEdition baseball cookie #throwdown - Will there be lil #Tigers stripe on those when the #Mariners win- in chocolate?
are u goin straight there after graduation cuz idk how to get there
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.
Brodie Lee faces off with Benny Blades.
We will trade you 10 pictures for a brand new shirt. Spread the word.
Hey all just to update you we've been working on developing our packaging with the beverage facility. Hard to choose!
Ok i take back every mean thing I said about Sitefinity just please get this horrible SharePoint Designer off my computer.
Heya how u been?
If you participated last year check your email for important information. Registration will open at 11:30 am on Thursday, January 12!!
Flash/iOS incompatibility is so annoying. Let's hope for easy workarounds in the near future. Current workarounds: not easy.
Sounds awesome!
I'll rescue you if you rescue me from my wrestling weekend adventure in Sedalia. What have I gotten myself into?!
Wright State transfer Julius Mays told Rivals earlier today that he does have an offer from Kentucky.
Home again, home again. Jiggity jig... Good to be home after a great day at the Durham VA...
yes. do investigations of random people begin looking for evidence of anything they are guilty for?
I Always Feel Insecure >.<
Wow, we broke Rihannas record already?! I swear this fanbase is the most dedicated. We just get shit done!
What's the hashtag for the diversity chat?
You are a
Ugh, I'm going to be here all damn day!
Moms initials are tatted on my ribs so she will always be by my side. Love you Mom
RT : We ♥ Workforce! RT A program of the working to build Richmond's brand as a career destination.
Clumpy coffee -- it's a drink and a snack.
YES! lol look at ur phone!
I'm love my #iPhone 4, don't get me wrong. But why can't #Apple let you use your own music to create ringtones? What's up with that?
Figuring out exactly what you want out of this is sometimes the hardest part of this pick up thing
Yea, wouldn't it be cool to have an arduino banner and then make some sort of virtual extension of it on the #Oxy website?
Ha!Well,I've cooked & frozen curry, soy-sauce pork stew+other meals so he'll be fed when I'm in Cali.He's set!
You are a live tweet pro! BTW, you guys will love the boxes. Huge fan! MT : ... #pto decides unanimously to try boxes
awww so sweet!
In 1936, Hindenburg made 10 round trips to US, carrying mail for the lucrative postal contract. A ticket was $400.
Your players make money, our players make history top of the table !!
Worse news I've heard all day... Adamn Lambert to front Queen this summer.
How is #Tiger helping the #Vegas sportsbooks? WWW.ussportspages.com
SERIOUSLY I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON
thank you ! :) i wanna go home and get my tan on hahaha!
I do! The ads never bother me, they are only played when you aren't using it, so far no problem.
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode
YES! I'm Stoked!
After i got off the phone with you.. My mom took my phone. The girl thought i call her a B....
Maybe you have a "smart" accent, eh? :)
- we are super excited about beer week events! It's gonna be great!
umm, One Nation Under God? Yeah, guess what, not all of us are exceptionalists.
Missing and for Sunday drink, why my girls gotta go outta town the same weekend
oops-- meant "wouldn't"
were u at nero?
:) Not yet but once he retweeted me :')
Trying to get enough done today that I can take the day off tomorrow to play in the sun.
holy shit FTD Flowers' timeline is one big apology. Hey FTD... I suggest you send people to to learn
Get home. Clean. Bruise my nailbed. Kittens fallen asleep on me a few times. #nowwatching VH1's Tough Love
CapFax rating our team's job performance? *groan*
never know where news will take you. Today: accused serial stalker's home. Out of jail-wants to clear name. His Interview @ 11
TEXT ME. 9034437277.
I'm djing zucca bar in smyrna if anyone is around
Emergency over. We're being let back into the Newseum. ###
planning a trip to RI for July 4th. Any plans? We gotta grab a beer.
Yes, but those were very balanced teams and Isaiah and Magic only led them in scoring one title year each, I think.
I wish it didn't !!! RT : It be like that. RT : I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
What's in that cocktail? Sounds interesting
Ok... so can someone tell the ice cream truck to stop playing its incessant tune at
Phillies are using waitresses as ball girls. judging from their ground ball chances so far they aren't qualified.
For DC Jazz events Follow Us This Month Heidi Martin Live
As I sit on the Amtrak this am, I am fondly remembering my last road trip with
hi 1d I hope ur day is going to b a good one r u celebrating Easter tomorrow
No. Never. BE A BAD FATHER THEN. RT : DUMPSTER BABIES
Last Sea Dogs game of the season, not too thrilled it is all coming to an end.
Money quote: a defender is being rewarded solely for being outside the arc, w/o considering the other aspects of the rules
thxs! I'm always on the lookout for interesting things to use in class, and coffee is a good topic for discussion lol
oh. neat.
down town coral gables. Alhambra and lejune. Come check us out!
Thanks to the for dropping off 7 big boxes of much-needed toiletries for our guests today!
Last time #BBN will see in a UK uniform tonight.
You cant take everything i am, You can break everything I have, Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper..
Sounds amazing! I'll book a flight :)
back at you :)
is not real just to let you know
Here's hoping Rip Hamilton gets some fourth quarter minutes tonight.
Working on an outline for our official trailer. There is so much packed into Gonna be interesting to see what comes.
surprisingly yes. It's one wanting to take me on a date. Lol and about 3 others I'm really feeling. Wait are you coming Saturday?
have a lot to be thankful for and will be sitting down tonight to write about 5 positive things in my life.
I've never had that problem before coming to Bali. Now it's happened twice- both times by myself!
cause I bored as hell
When other people are keeping you from being with the person you really like.
Rich square nc here we come
We are playing at The Loft August 12th with The Dangerous Summer! Tickets will be available soon contact us if you wanna go!
I really don't understand
"We had to say 'dickety' cause the Kaiser stole our word 'twenty'. I chased that rascal to get it back but gave up after dickety-six miles."
#blackkeysverizon Sound system really leaves a lot to be desired. Sounds like arctic monkeys are in a wind tunnel.
Smfh parents move when they want too!
Good morning ! Remember to check in on Anxiously waiting to see if anyone can steal the mayorship from
everydays #NSD theres a subway across from my school & I have it like everyday & I always walk in and order ur fav sandwich♥:D
can it be this weekend by any chance? I just gotta turn the money in..
Portrait of a Spy? It's the latest one, book #11, but it was released last year. Next one comes out in July I believe.
": If anyone is ever texting & driving while I'm in the car, I will personally take your phone & throw it out the window ...
Happy St. Patty's Day weekend! If you need some green for tomorrow we have some great options in store :-D
What is your favorite all time rock song?
I understand...I wish it was Friday already!
Rock bands sure dress sharp these days.
Beautiful...Kitty ears!
shitss getting real!!
It's a perfect Saturday to catch up on my sleep and rest and dvr and maybe even start CATCHING FIRE.
RT : Hiking is what's up. Lovin Colorado ��
Thanks for the follow, any events coming up in NYC or Long Island?
I did :) I thought you were already following me btw I like your bio for ur other Twitter :)
Being nerdy and checking out the android us pres app, any notice that Buchanan looks a little like E.A. Poe?
Just cuz I'm from Pittsburgh don't think I don't smoke that shit
It ain't about what they call you, it's what you answer to. ~Madea
listening to the Rustie essential mix, so far pretty good Thursday morning tuneage
That's was the selling point. Makes biological sense; many mammals do it.
really? I feel like commuter flights are what make up the bulk of air travel though :/
So glad!! And...aww!!! You're so sweet. xx
Thank you, and once again I am so consumed and busy that I have been absent from twitter! I am gettin it together ,back soon!
follow back sweetheart
Also, I had to go look up on your blog where you went to school. UMaine. That's how you know it. I'm Colby '95 :)
Now Following .
okay haha wait for tomorrow then ;)
HEY!! Thank you for the add :) Ava & Loretta
I saw you on the list for the Edelman conference. Are you staying on any extra days or heading right back?
get better and drink plenty of fluids.
Pens tied in overtime. O's tied with Yanks in 8th. Suns tied at Grizz with 7 minutes left.
Its teacher appreciation day today, take the time to #thankteacher in some way!
Yo Mindless Motto is da sh_t #RealTalk Best Part: "Oh, My God, Shannon Look At Rocs Butt,Smootches"
Can't make the game today, but
good n u
sharing a great passage, Like sharing an idea with a friend.
The decline of "fierce" as an adjective people use to describe themselves could not happen soon enough.
Would love to have you on #okcshow when you're mobile and able, and if schedule allows. Hope the recovery is going well.
Really hoping that the Manchester derby ends in a draw. I hate both teams -- a lot.
please follow me back
Just watched The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel tonight. Good Film!
I can't justify paying for it and paying for cable at the same time, but I've considered it. Maybe if they had more shows.
Silly kids, I hope you corrected her - 25!
haha no doubt about that!
60 apps in 60 min session showed BNAtax app! Quote by presenter "awesome app" .
": I really want a hotdog wit everythin on it...I guess I'll go get one since I don't have no one..:'(" id buy u a hotdog :)
Happy bday Ted Lindsay
Dodgers vs St Louis?
So happy a black woman is pronounced most beautiful woman~~for all those black guys who's not attracted to black woman
gotta be honest, the rookie I'm most excited to watch is
Trying to play Monopoly with the sibs...except we're not fans of the game. LOL.
Same. We need to talk mooooreee.
welcome aboard buddy
Enjoy! RT : Dinner tonight via popup w/ ! Counting down the hours :D
Limited on drakes this morning saw a good a 8 this after noon just a little wet but I'll be okay
what's up with the laugh track? RT Who's watching #fashionstar? There's a lot going on. reminds me of Super Bowl halftime
U dont need to be tough and aggressive to prove you have authority. Authority is something that should come naturally.
A Happy and Healthy New Year to you!
Sister I know lol. To be honest I was just like is it zumba or zamba I really dont know but lets do it.
Everyone follow Let's get the second-best corner in the league to one of the worst economic cities in the nation!
Man Fighting MS Helps Raise Money For Research, Cure
The result isn't as bad. The failure on Bobby's end is. He is an absolute disgrace.
#iLoveWhenYou do the things u do!!! Ur the best
We're get missiles of heat that's for sure for the entire week were going to be in the upper 80's
It is too bad that all of us are controlled by money. We can't do much or anything without having any money.
I get really depressed when I think about someone taking my place in your life.
A Smart Girl Kisses But never Loves. Listens but doesnt believe. And leaves before she is left
Welcome! Feedback is appreciated.
ur welcome boo... :)
thats who my grandmother really liked before she died you have some great taste
I love it!
No! No! Not Monday already! I didn't get half of the stuff done over the weekend. BAH!
I miss my best friends
Though I'm curious, what gave you that impression of Minnesota?
#RT if you have goals and morals
In other news, I did squirt today. It was the highlight of my weekend.
Whoa. That's sounds amazing.
. should have written a "what if the drowning child is a foreigner?" post
had to trade my convertible Sebring n 2010 Nissan lol but paid off that baby so woot woot beach tomo lol
RT : Congrats to for representing #seattle #cocktails RT The 50 Best Bars in America...
Ha ha yes!
I'm way to patient.
I hate going 2 work on Monday's  never feel it!!! Need some mud (coffee) from the cafeteria STAT!!!
thanks man! it is crazy man. Getting to play with cats from all over the world. Our big show last night went really well too.
Big Religion Exam tomorrow...get ready to write!!!
Amazing job by Chelsea RT "If you had money down on a Messi PK miss-Fernando Torres goal...congratulations. You now own Qatar"
"TOP FLOOR" "BANKROLLS" VIDEOS Is on NOW!!!!!!
thank you :)
Ha! As an English major, I opened the calculator on my phone. No doing math otherwise.
what! we shoulda planned this!?
So happy to be home
Same thing here, for exact same reason--except it's the Moe's in Terminal C.
well if she doesnt love me i will steal from camden
I love when outbuildings match the style of the main house - perfect!
HI BEEN BUSY WITH THE BABY HE IS GROWING SO FAST I LOVE BEING A MOMY M
yes every year brings new packer memories
I have run out of nose skin.
Bulls fans are celebrating that Derrick Rose is on the floor! Sure he is hoping to shake off the rust. Let's Go Mavs!
Twitter... I didn't forget you.!
Putting the final touches on Demiurge's new site - soon to launch. Demiurge is a sculptural fabrication studio specializing in public art.
Grading Papers...still wondering how to appoint a grade for a Christian Worldview class? Does this student see the world the way Jesus does?
My Cousin Is Here (:
Taco Mac is the move tonight
comic con soon
this session love tho.
just finished the illest remix of one your songs it would be an honor if you would dl know you'll dig it thanks.
i finally watched wwe superstars on WGN.. it was a pretty good show, and good matches too....
Speaking at IS 204's Career Day! How to make librarianship sound cool and exciting compared to careers like police officer and firefighter?
I feel sorry for people who have to work in places where they're surrounded by mundanes all day, every day.
My Song On <3
SEC with a chance to have at least a quarter of the women's sweet 16 this season & def champs A&M join next year
It's Restaurant Week! Have you booked your dinner at Salute? Visit Opentable.com or call us to book!
Lamont vs. Chen. Classic matchup.
Loved Hong Kong but missing home. Happy to run my last time in Asia.
Buffy, please get off my tv... I wanna watch the
not to early for 7 year olds to start tweeting, with supervision and or a intra tweet app, kids are not relating to each other,
Excellent, looking forward to it!
great job! Sounds like a rockin' workout.
Naming my fake band The Malaria Cure. So that means Release the Kraken is available again, metalheads.
Behold, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and i will give to everyone according to what he has done. Revelation
Learning twitter.
Kisses in the rain sounds good right about now. . I'm just missing the boy :P lol
My brother got a mental issue
RT : RT : Q11: HOW DO YOU REWARD YOURSELF FOR ACHIEVING GOALS?
With your Maintain gem, can you force single values for the bitmask?E.g. prevent assigning arrays: model.value = [admin, viewer]
I see you have your mojo back.
How to save money: Go grocery shopping really full
did you ask him why he doesn't tweet anymore?
2011.09.25 #Brewers 9 #Marlins 5 | It's raining outside / but beautiful in the dome / fifteen hits today
After Monday I knew it would be close between Jermaine & Juliet. I was very happy for him too. He deserves it.
Feels like a saturday.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
I would have Nathan on a very short leash. The good thing is the Rangers have Ogando.
'Don't You Want Me' by the Human League just came on my Springsteen Pandora station. This day is awesome.
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts had an amazing Soft Opening...Stay Tuned
At this point, nervous.
Keitt later fought for the Confederates and died in 1864 from battle wounds, but on that day we were compatriots sharing tales of old.
I wanna black out and be that asshole tonight
I have like 45-50$ rn. I need at least 100$ more to buy tickets to silymi, all stars and warped .-. Fml
Ideas for your smackoff call: (1) Rickroll Rome by turning the call over to and
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: join the traffic tracker at Clocktower and get a prize!!!
sick sixth senses
HOE'S GONE BE HOE'S LUV EM OR HATE EM FOR WHAT THEY IS NOT WHAT YOU WANNA EM TO BE
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan
Getting ma hair did 🙆
Everything I never dreamed of happening has happened this week. And im only half way through this vacation.
SEE YOU AT THE EXPO !!
M Thai food
#np face down - meek mill
#3wordsforyou random access logic
hi Gabe, I'm working on a project to introduce gamification in a large educational seminar to increase student engagement
- congrats to best actress #Meryl #Streep. You're an inspiration to so many.
Ouch... RT Portland hadn't given up 120+ at home since the 90s. Twice this year already.
Photo session on Fremont Street tonight! :)
OE Online presale tickets for fox theater Detroit show on sat 1.14.2012 at 8:00 p.m. code is "DREAM"
Lunch is almost here
Trying the failure leg curls thanks to :)
You mean "get a job?" RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
u volunteering me to be thrown through another wall??
I LOVE swallow my bullet.
McIntire always read The current President's Thanksgiving proclamation at church...even Nixon's...
I have work 12-6 what are you doing after that?
hi, my name is Rachel and... i like food.
bad bitch
Windows Phone offers alternative operating system - LSU The Reveille
Awww! Nap time! It's funny the places dogs find to sleep.
But everybody is still pointing their left fingers at Bush.
Time to switch over to the Thunder game. is doin the damn thing
If you have nothing better to do but tweet sexual content all day im unfollowing.
don't worry, I'm sure he will reappear
The darkest hour has only 60 minutes. ~Morris Mandel
BAM! Alright let me throw one out with my technology genius help
ahaha true... well I hope you get to meet him, next time I see him I'll let him know he needs to go to Finland =)
Surely you can't be serious? I am serious. And don't call me lesbian
Money is the motive
thought I could please you but guess not .
When building a city, you must have instructions on "what to build" and "what not to build".
You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.-- Dennis Miller
I wish it were possible to be two people sometimes.
Damn bitch how long we going to talk about you?
Does anyone I know work at Mozilla? If so, please ping me, I want to refer a friend :)
I have some expired sizzurp? :) I'm sorry about the insurance mess. It's not right.
Register now to run through CityWalk, Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure on 1/29! No other race in town allows you to do this!!
When takes up my entire twitter feed.....
Galileo satellites intensify competition on the market of navigation
Chris Berman is no longer doing draft coverage. In completely related news, I no longer have a headache.
Sounds like a win to me!
Peyton left the colts!!!!!
When u out here gettin money like me niggaz put their aim on u..#fully loaded
heck yeah! I'll send back pictures soon c:
Fabulous company, thanks for the #FF!
At Beyond the Binding workshop at
When you change your habitual thoughts, it is like changing the direction of a train.
talking about #social and collaborative IT. Showing some results from recent study
All we do is Smoke and Fuck
right. Txt ? Or fb/twitter
So pumped for BC!!!
Late start h0lllllllA
Combine yelp and Facebook timelines to have reviews of different stages of your life. Two stars for my 15th bday b/c the service was rude.
periodically I delete everything and start out anew
Haha chill bro
Happy New Year from the Shut Up and Listen Podcast Network!
you gotta check out the reviews to JP's book on barnesandnoble. Hilarious.
“: this is lorens word now and noone knows what it means its "jzy"(; ” hahaha
-- KyBu I stepped on your damn Doublemint!
I'll bet the city Starship built on rock n roll is like the Gary, Indiana of musical cities at this point.
Watching Cuberbully before some errands. Holy damn. High schoolers...
Ugghhh , I'm readyy to go home & go to sleep !!
Good point. Thus proving that Groundhog Chuck is right!
What if I became homeless
“: I hate country accent's!”im from Miami and ppl up north think we sound country
godspeed...RIP...thanks for the great tools
I'm always craving sushi!
about to take my first songwriting class!
“We have seen His glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth.”John 1:14
Loving Pandora's Pop & Hip Hop Power Workout station...while I'm sitting at my desk not working out.
I have to admit, I'm very curious as to how you would finish this sentence. =)
Cowboys score TD..Looked like they may have woke up
thanks so much!!!
do they think that Wilf isn't representative enough, cuz he is, ya know, THE OWNER of team in question, lol
what is that
Good job,
had a great meeting with my new film & tv agent Jason! Looking forward to working with you!
<-----U Must Follow we die hard #Packers fans!! Join
re "stay connected"- Hope 2 include in a followon, still exploring twitter :).
Why do I still feel awful?
He maybe mad cuz of that he need it. RT : Gabrielle Better Deny The Vag For This Nigga Wade. I Swear. I'm Pissed 2 Points Yo.
Missouri River among America's most endangered rivers: “We all need healthy rivers for drinking water, natural flood protection, econ...
I'm trying to forget you but every time I'm almost there I get reminded of us
if you eve say that again i will smack the shi outta you, no joke.
new meal and an apology in my book! Start over, yes!
hey lil punk dont be talking about me on your page and yall got that a** tapped yesterday now you see why you shouldnt bet
Love this time of year! Walk to work at 5:30 a.m. and it's light out. I might've even beat to the area?
did he get mad? and yeah :P
Learning is not compulsory… neither is survival. W. Edwards Deming
I always change up my plans during #readathon!
I might have to get a #5dollarfootlong so I can fill my constantly hungry stomach without going bankrupt.
work tomorrow is gonna kill me..
Lazy day in Brugge. Overcast sky = trip to North Sea questionable. Will hope for glimpse of sun.
i have a profolio due tommorow n i haven't even started
Hey Kiddies, Come on down to There's plenty of toys, fries, broken bones, & fecal matter to go around :)
Two new banners arrived for book signing events - they look outstanding!
Just sang Carlos for a senior center feel good making a difference :)
Why bother with #paperless #office? Tablets, laptops, and wireless let us #collaborate from anywhere. On to the office-less office!
Day 2 of the week from hell. I swear to god if anything bad happens today I'm kick someone in the head.
Great interview w/ the July/Aug L Friend. What an amazing ally! She is a shining star in
search for mys tuff on facebook I made it visible to anyone (or tried to): O'Donnell Monique Katie
I'm sure I will hear them soon and remember them.
Wish Milwaukee had more radio selections!!!
I'm such a #SXSWnoob. Left my badge at the hotel - hah!
Bouta be bored sittin at home for the rest of the day like I already have been since I woke up...i set myself up. Shoulda just went to class
Mixing has begun on my debut record. I am so nervous that I'm sick. Is this normal? Should I be this anxious about this stage of the record?
Joe B will have have a wrap of the Winterhawks tonight on Sports Sunday. They're back in Portland, getting ready for WHL Finals.
Going to see the Avengers with the Marines crew! I'm the only non marine, woo!!
the ratings will even get lower D:
i'm just happy to be tanning again. ☀
Shit just got real lmao oops!!!
They will be showing "The Lady Eve," if you like Sturges.
okay I will
Agree RT Stand testing isn't the be-all and end-all of Edu. It's not learning. The systems been corrupted by testing!
Can't wait!!! I get to hang with and at Hard Rock Orlando tonight!! Need to teach Tori and how to rock!
#IfYouRap DO NOT try to SoundClick your way into the game! Go find a hungry producer who WANTS to fuck with you!
Went shopping at Bass Pro today, all ready for the 2012 Camping Season!
Turns out the are Marchex people. Enlightening.
I always changed the playbook so all four run plays were Bo. Don't need those two for Marcus Allen.
Where to? Are you staying in CA?
If LA wins the Cup, the city will riot. Then after ask, We have a hockey team?
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there!
Algebra eoc today 👎 then I have to run a mile.
Morning World!
I know, right? It's 2:30am, COME ON.
GOVT, BANKS,INSURANCE CO: YOU ARE HERE TO SERVE US; WE ARE NOT HERE TO SERVE YOU; TREAT US IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU ARE FIRED.
Those E-Cards have gotten really stupid but I just saw one about Sonny Moore. I laughed and am now listening to FFTL.
Health Tips: Pharmaceutical drugs and caffeine contribute to a leaky gut lining leading to allergies. Ask your doctor to explain the risks.
where do you need a ride from?
nothing? hehe. i'm just saying(:
i'll say having looked at close to 1 million blogs that on blogcatalog that a large % of co blogs aren't good ;)
If you play Bon Iver in a coffee house. You'll probably up your sales. Z.
Time for
Short responses<<<<<
I just heard the most heartbreaking news ... Justin Bieber has been found alive in his apartment.
I bet the cleaning lady is looking at me thinking, "She gets paid to do this shit?" lmao
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Demonstrators not happy in Miami- saw it on I would add - DON'T BUY TICKETS if Ozzie stays.That's how we "play" in America.
#Bad girls club shaken
your teeth look amazing... Lol
duh all you had to do was ask indirectly :)
oh damn
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination.... Wonka actor from Salem, OR - Leonard Stone - dies a day prior to turning 88.
Eww I'm so embarassed right now my mom just uploaded these pictures of me on Facebook and I look UGLY like uglier than usual -__________-
I had the worst day ever
This child was determined to get out of this type of life and pushed to success.
": Heyy lova! How is everything?" Good! What's new?
A beautiful day for writing!!! I get an entire week to actually do just that. Makes me feel like a million bucks.
I quit! I can't top that!
Baby good shoot..good girl your dad would be proud
Strategy for OSU and 'Cuse: get the ball to your best FT shooter every single time. More often than not, he goes to the line.
hey! thanks for the follow!! we greatly appreciate it :) be sure to check us out on Facebook and spread the word about JADED!
Nate has a dolphin lower back tattoo
hahaha oh so you got jokes lol
Thanks KUSC. We made progress today. Keep those letters coming!
yea! They got her what she gets in 10 years… in 2 days! lol.
I really wish my work phone has caller id. It's so disorienting to place a person's voice who doesn't identify herself.
Christ. I thought it was just me RE: Chrome slowing other browsers down...
": Lean wit it!"[Rock Wit It] Shout Outs 2 MeekMill
Brand worship? Russell Brand? Elton Brand? Neville Brand?
About to drop the carwash like its hot. Fulltime sales job
I hope Ware is ok!
Love it
when is the new ad coming out featuring Aaron Rodgers coming out.
A5: although quality trumps quantity any day in my book
Great tour today with the Superintendent and representatives from Zappos. The students did a great job of demonstrating our culture.
Forgot about these guys. Thank you! If you have more, please send them my way.
I heard the wedding is pirate themed. Please dress appropriately. You'd make a smashing wench.
boom boom
That would be absolutely fantastic. Thanks for the heads up.
My mothers day gift to myself is sleeping in til 9 am tomorrow
Young Justice now!!!
Finishing up a monologue for class than ONCE UPON A TIME!!!
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex #ComeOnGirl my #Grandma can #Ride it
Alfresco alert! Gowanus Yacht club is officially open for the season and waiting for you to park it at a picnic table! 323 Smith St.
Mind boggling that is reporting the Madden cover on TV, but nothing about story about and Billy Hunter
Just got another call from Britney at Empire/Vector...thanks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BARBIE:))
lets jus say its a sexy accent aha and uh nahh yu kno better to suck on my neck smh lmao
“ : Dwayne Wade accused Pacers of excessive celebration. the Heat would NEVER celebrate before they won anything.”
