Now-Now Sir. Keep your Tweets Sweet. Like Adebisi from Oz, Bebeh.
While about 7% of adult women and 8% of men identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual, the proportion of individuals in the U.S. who have had ...
Just got the #ArkhamCity Xbox batarang controller :B
#WeWontWork If All Your Gonna Do Is Lie & Cheat.
Blessed beyond measure with my future wife and an amazing family with a brother and sisters who are awesome
Perfection is overrated, particularly if it keeps you from trying things that are interesting. ~
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs. The bond usually lasts longer.
I officially DISLIKE you now, go suck some toes ~.~
i hate clean up too dude!!!
I need some pussy and head asap
home sweet home ;*
RT McCarthy is gone so we can start hitting now, right? One would hope!!
aren't standardized tests supposed to measure mastery of state standards? Cut scores are so arbitrary, yet they rule "edreform"
This is true.
it is. What class are you ignoring right now to talk to me? :)
No doubt
Fatter, maybe?
hm, this is quite awkward, but still good to hear, aha thanks!
“We just have to take a look at ourselves and say this has to stop” - Marvin Winans
Oh shit is 11:20 better go to sleep
nope lol :P 16 & hell my friend is 17 and loves them man
busy. busy. busy
One month from now I'll be heading to the airport to catch a flight home
you were amazing!
Go support them! Rt: ": Follow the ASA Chesapeake Charge member of the 2012 WPSL Elite."
nothing u
you calling yet?
no problem ck
Don't expect to GET more if you don't GIVE more.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha lol and i was just singing that
Wait, so you're speaking at SMX West 2012? ;)
I love talking to Texans on the phone. They are just so darn friendly and polite!
Back to another boring day at work!! Can't wait for a change!
Just wrapped up 8 hours of recording guitar
We are declaing that the Devil is a Liar! today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com The Million Family Connect is going on now.
not at al
Mexican experts find blood, tissue on 2000-year-old knives, corroborating ... - Washington Post
Is the best love convenient or inconvenient?
Walked into fye and heard Childish Gambino playing! Thank you fye.
Late dinner!
I watch the Weather Channel in am, your "newsbreaks" are GOP SPIN. Didn't the debt ceiling get solved until after the election?
How strange. Twitter had me following twice. Didn't know that was even possible.
got to figure my life out
Tried that twice already this decade. But maybe third time will be a charm?
I hate it when my parents say we can go shopping tonight, but then act like they don't know the mall closes at 9.
I was raised right. I talk about people behind their backs. It's called manners.
Re-energized after the Global Pickup Conference here in #DC. Look for a lot of new exciting things from Awesome Institution!
": A relationship is always worth fighting for, but you can't be the only one fighting."
It's not the situation. . . . It's your reaction to the situation.
Blew a kiss to Matthias as he went back to his room, he caught it in the air and put it next to his heart & said "Love you, Mommy." BLESSED!
i love u guys soo much. u give me the confidence to go on everyday, even if people bully me. your my idols :)
Happy Monday from GTWT! We have a great week planned, first up: Chat Night on the topic of females in gangs with !
haha, you should sleep :o :3
I'm so about to cut all my hair off too!
eating cookies
thanks either way for helping us spread the word
ah itz good to be a gurl and the best day iz the day be4 v-day
Hey, #Albuquerque! Did you know Los Equipales Restaurant has WiFi available for your next lunch or dinner meeting?
Wow, never seen that!!!
that was a scary-quick reply, Tango my man.
About to take my Psychology AP exam...... BORING
that's a fact Kody, and go Dawgs!
If God did not believe we needed regulations, he would not have created the Ten Commandments!
Seems like everyone who got one (except me) was all within 10-15 minutes of each other. The twitters will know when.
i just moved most of my life to evernote as well. what do you use for your task lists?
Valentines Day is so FAKE. Coz if you really love that person, you'll treat them everyday, not just once every 365 days.
it feels extremely satisfying finishing this 10 page history paper =D where's my cookie?!
ahahaha agaiin a hell of a song
Jeff Teague's ability to get to the rim against the #Celtics is concerning. That's all I got.
is tired of editing coughing and yawning out of the commentaries she recorded for her students (but loves Audacity more than ever)
loll. Im hoping it will be the thing that stays down and makes me feel better. Taco Bell is magical that way sometimes..
Great, thanks!
didn't fit around no college campus, chilling right on top of planet earth
Alright folks, 3 tickets left to tonight's game #RainOrShine. Tell me 2 former All-Star Denver Outlaws that now play for Long Island!
Finally got my HTC back yay!!! I hate Apple but hey it worked while mine was getting fixed!!!!!
You Gotta Read In Between The Lines
Yay my dad finally comes back home tonight at midnight!
hi to everybody ! ♥
There are only two types of honest people in this world, small children and drunk people.
He can dish it, but can't take it.
Congrats to the #ravens who will now face the #pats to represent the #afc. What's ur prediction?
#CNBCDebate - Newt Gingrich is kicking butt in this debate!
sporting a sharp-looking tie on the Senate floor, counters Dem arguments on judicial nominations.
THANKS for the $100 Startup. Can't wait to read it!!!
Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on. -Maxwell Maltz
Don't rush me in a tweet
I love sports couple fandom. Never thought I would, but showed me the way.
"Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We "TALK"!!!!!"
has a point aus
shut up! They pissed on the floor! Why did they call you racist!? Jeez
My mom just fell for Mike Hunt
Applied for 8 jobs in March. Not too shabby.
smells like salamanders outside
Just witnessed a proposal of 2 people I don't know but I still teared up hahah
Hey I just heard that "the kids" are saying "grats" now instead of "congratulations" - Just thought YOU should know. KUDOS!
If u want to talk business 4 #REAL #production or #REAL #musicvideos hit please no
and I are riding on majestic steeds into a new adventure. Actually were stuck in traffic on 90\94
keep that wristband as a momento dear :)
lol we can but I dont have money to pay for my ticket until friday
Make sure to stop by the White Stag Block tonight while making your First Thursday art rounds. Donald Judd exhibition in the White Box.
Good question: How do you keep track of ideas? How do you decide which ones to pursue today and which ones to put on hold?
I meant no, it's not physics; it's Jesus! :)
If I had it my way, you'd be sleeping next to me every night. But I'll keep settling for my #prozacdreams. :)
Just woke up:P
Nothing like a good long sprint for the bus to get the blood flowing for an afternoon of work in the studio.
watching CSI and you look so amazing!!!! I am so excited for this episode!!!
....follow me back..
This is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Perhaps thats why I slept so well n feel refreshed so early this morning!!
Thanks, will do!
They Call It Fred Fest
I'm going to stop watching The Office if they don't get rid of Nelly soon.
Well at least you were honest with her.
you all ready know the weathers breaking ..... i ready ... its my time . dig it .. get up on the week end.come out and play ....
Holy shit intense
#loveyou thanks for being here<3
“: Thanks for the follow. I really enjoyed watching you play. Woo Pig Soooie.” I appreciate it. Go Hogs!
big dreams r the answer for ppl with vision....so with that in mind we say thank you and the same to you as well
Bitch betta have my money $$
Facebook: Like if… Tumblr: Reblog if… Twitter: RT if… Life: Raise your hand if…
#wmnldrs impactful change session. If you could imagine a change that is needed in your wkplace what would it be?
that is hilarious! What others have you seen?
going to check it out now...of course it will be great
Youth media producers & facilitators join #acmYMS to screen their work. Issues include: stereotypes of youth, drop outs, education &more!
Where can I buy Pacers season tickets?
Will someone please think of the hoses?!?
- thanks for connecting with me - look forward to your insights.
": I'm lookn for him ..." lost yo puppy or sumthin...
Don't be a blueprint. Be an original. - Roy Acuff
Tonight I lay me down to sleep. When I awake, my body needs upkeep. To the weights & treadmill I go, so my muscles are not Jell-o.
Testify in Annapolis on child abuse prevention education for educators. judiciary with Curt Anderson, Sandy Rosenberg
#CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy people get bullied and picked on everyday for no reason? no one deserves to get hurt like that
Sounds like librarians RT : Google is still not as smart as a person who understands context.
She thinks she ready for the world
hahaha wow poor guy. He proabably totaled it.
Next stop , Ferris..
UK in its first national championship since '98, hooray! GO CATS!!!
Kids book tour Miami , anywhere I should go? Fun to be had?
so when is the movie?! I want to see Ari as God!!!!
thank you! How is everything going with you??
Thanks Party Bus riders this weekend for choosing the #1 party bus in OKC for their special event making it another successful weekend!
Edge of Glory!!!!!
Hi Allison! Sorry for the late response.. we'll forward your msg to her!
Chilling in my bed, reading, eating cookies.......naked
Thank you for keeping us in mind! :) Have a great time in SF!
#teamjesus Where u at?
Today I learn that if the cater forgets to bring the food and drinks to a commercial flight, you can not departure - FAA regulations :)
I'd never think I'd be where I am now, would be this nice.
#BlackMamaQuotes "If I have to come down to that school ima beat ya ass in front of all ya lil friends"
You forgot to mention that it's freakin' cold too! Right behind you on the FLA trip!
you guys should follow me on tumblr: ifightdragonz
Great! I won't be teaching until next spring but let's get some bibimbab and hang in K-town!
I want the Celine luggage phantom in suede dark green already
is garbage. If Brockers is there he'll be the pick.
if you haven't said or done shit i'm sorry but your in with the haters jacks bunch and I can't and don't approve of that shit.
It's always good to have fab commute buddies!
miss tha south
Photo of Prez Bush projected behind band. Can't decipher lyrics, but I doubt it's good.
Alright man sounds good
You have a year lol I think you can learn (:
cant right now got things to do
yep im so Random with that last tweet
When you keep sharpening your pencil and it keeps breaking -.-
u decided not to mention me this time
Basketball insight and wisdom follow:
He stopped as I entered the x-walk. Then he hit the gas. It was dark and raining. Might start wearing my helmet, reflective vest.
RT SI/SI.com chief Olympic writer recently joined Twitter. Follow him now thru London and beyond.
will make a donation to the Jane Goodall Institute (JGI) for every moviegoer who sees #Chimpanzee through May 3
Half-time music: "Sneakin' Sally Through The Alley"- Robert Palmer
bus rides are so boring
Giancarlo Guerrero is the best person on this Earth.
Takeaway from Academic Unconference: we're not alone. We have common concerns.
ohh well in the 6th grade :)
Remember me =
Checking out the new tribute record to my fave Buddy Holly with nervous trepidation...so far not bad.
Ohh , Edward Has A Twitter (:
Hope you had fun!
Wow very cool my article is now a trending story on #PR News for LinkedIn. It is always fun to see a story go viral...
BREAKING: New York Mets owners and trustee for Madoff fraud victims settle for $162 million. (via AP)
POTUS is doing a great job of maintaining the same smile no matter what says
Next time you don't get carded at the liquor store say to the cashier "You have the right to remain silent everything you.." they love that.
Giraffes or Pelicans?
the June 3rd Benefit lineup keeps getting bigger and better! Billy White is now scheduled to perform with Sonny Franks!
You're not watching the OU game?
Patiently waoti.g on "the game" to come on then... Its bed time!
I feel like reads my tweets but doesn't RT all well
I'm torn. I think I need both still
Thanks for your feedback, fellow tweeters. We just bought a #Flip!
new tags, bell, and 50 ft lead has kept that from happening.
i love u!
Day 3 of shooting film stills. Outside. In the rain.
God jobb seymour.
Congrats! Care to share your strategy with the rest of us? ;)
You are familiar with the Hemingway original 6 word story, right?
Come back Violet!!
Its interesting how girls just talk about tampons getting stuck up.. well you know where on twitter. Thats nice... real classy ladies.
Lovin every minute! RT : “: In the studio today :)” girl be singin!
#Dimon blatant honesty because he is tired of being on his knees in open suck position
March Madness
yes I hope so too :)
Priorities matter. RT dropped my last piece of toblerone in a full ashtray. ate it anyway
Dag Shaq, Charles And Kenny quiet during the promo.
Feeling like shit...
McCain wants to get the US into another trillion $$$ War!!! We can't be responsible for solvg every countries internal affairs!!
spending $6 for a cubs/cards game is probably easier
So my school's choir and I are singing in the senior's mass at Saint Patrick's Cathedral
if they play cute without the e I want a call immediately Woo.
thanks for the heads up -- sorry I've been silent on the group for a long time; I'll try to test it this week
DC Equality on Earth March and Rally — Saturday, April 21 at 10:30am at Upper Senate Park.
Thanks, Claus!
Oh, and American Idol is bullllshit. How is gone? 😥
Celebrating both Valentine's Day and my #book release!! Check it out on Amazon & B&N. Soon to be in digital form too.
Hot and heavy, pumpkin pie, chocolate candy, Jesus Christ. There ain't nothing please me more than you.
great won Adam
In the Office this morning..preparing to hit the road tomorrow. Numerous great stops along the way.
I lied, 3 years
“ um what happen to my test ma'am see how you do me smh”my fault lady......lol im. Finna tex u nw
then go look for it. Make a trip somewhere and do it. You can't expect to do something if you don't seek it out.
I block ads on Facebook because they're irrelevant 95% of the time. I really don't get gay-oriented ads.
Vegas is great been making moves with my job ....but noticed the lounge and thought it a great venue for DC..dm again
congrats !! Tear it up
Great mention in Wash. Posts' GOING OUT GUIDE - Don't miss ALEXANDER AND THE TERRIBLE HORRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD DAY - Adventure Theatre. …
Harvard frat parties are not portrayed anything like they actually are.
Today's Get Energized tip: A yearly tune-up of your heating and cooling system can improve efficiency and comfort.
I'm jealous bc I so want to see that right now!
FACT: Last time North Carolina amended their constitution on marriage it was to ban interracial marriage.
Tell me some of your dreams... I have "big dreams that I can't let pass"
Yay!! Is it weird how happy I am for you about this?
So last night in Seattle... yeah!
At talk about his new book on the mp3, Sterne split the room into 2 -- those who read pre-circulated material and those who didn't.
give me your remote.
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” ― Bob Marley
fake tan still isn't enough to battle fishbelly Seattle blindingly white legs.
hamilton leithauser just bulldozed a kid off the stage. 1, tasteless concert goer 0.
SHOUT OUT TO - Great connecting with you again today!
yup, Oct 9th. Can't wait to see my whole world in one venue.
Ain't that right ?
haha excellent yes CMT has some quality programming, country lovin
Congrats to the nuggets for making the playoffs for the 9th straight year
Lol you have nothing else to say so you're pulling retarded comebacks out now? You're a joke.
I can't wait for the school year to end!! prayingg I get the summer internship <3
Blago's press conference didn't answer any of the issues causing his impeachment. Simply not focused. What was the point?
To Sen. Johnny Isakson: We need you to support the Patient Protection NOW!!!
(Oh) = Stop talking to me. (K) = I'm done talking. (Whatever) = fuck you. (Fine) = fuck it. (I guess) = I don't give a fuck.
alright bet ill be ready brah brah
Kemba Walker scores 2 quick baskets, puts UConn up by 5 with an extra free throw.
The role of education in society? It should be the role of society in education.
I GOT A FIRE ASS TRACK READY FO A HOT ARTIST...DM ME A EMAIL SO I CAN SEND IT 2 YA!
Spent today doing crafty DIY home decorating projects. The snarky analytical programmer within me is cowering in fear.
Pats ah wicked good at american football
can't DM you re: J school guy - will email you later today
What a night for Josh Hamilton.
After 6 basketball camps and a full slate of AAU this Summer, it's so nice to just be able to relax for a bit!
Yeah! #TeamBlake off to a good start!!
just referenced 1 of ur jQuery examples for rollover imgs. As a newb at coding, it was helpful and actually worked. Thanks homie!
Send them ur ideas/tips: will be doing truth/fact checks while is doing background/historical research. Follow them!
Currently sittin in the Back.
Come on Pacers intensity make your shots. Need this win.
Forgot to bring my laptop to class, so I'm just kinda sittin here...
ty hun yes it was i'll see him on mother's day then he gets deployed in june
got one very similar to the site. But in navy. Fits like a glove but needs alteration. Even platforms aren't enough. :(
Cee Lo Green is going to have a wardrobe malfunction
Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation
Tonight Grand Opening of #RevolutionSaturdays Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party at 9:30 . General Party at 11 Music By
whoa... excuse you. I AM FABULOUS. and come on... It's the American Idol semi finals...
cause your fucked up am I right? Yeah people do crazy shit when their fucked.
When you guys are coming back to Brooklyn, New York
I love how I'm sitting in a meeting and you just got volunteered for a million things. Bahahahaaaaaaa
that is such a good idea!
Heaviest downpours at 7:30a across Jersey Shore, L.I., Hudson Valley. Rain ends in the next few hours. Dry afternoon. HIGH 72.
sounds good...where can I check out some of your work?
I'm sitting in my car, listening to Bob Dylan, waiting for the mall to open. I don't even recognize myself anymore.
All my followers follow my best friend if u want to laugh i love her (no homo)lml
...and never allow anyone, anything, any circumstance, no matter how percuasive their case, to alter what you know to be your destiny.
Good night friends! We are blessed and highly favored! G night
Boring Night
Idk, I disagree with the judges. Holly, that was beautiful!!
Will be out tonight. Will be starting at 9PM on 4th and Walnut and heading up to the Bird by 10PM see you soon.
I like your policies :D
First up
You know your a dancer when after a day of dance stairs are your worst enemy
well good then, you can look for someone better :)
Relationships these days = 1 male + 1 female + 1 hoe +1 ex trying to mess it up & 1 friend secretly hoping it ends.
My mom messed up my orthodontist appointment 2day. I have 2 go back on Wednesday now
aww PLZZZZZ all I can eat is salad I don't care if it's healthy I'm going to turn anorexic I sware my dad and mom are killing me
It's gonna be a long series for the lakers hahaha
": "Insatiable's my name when it comes to you...""
Phones are funny things. Even for a short inter-office call, I feel compelled to offer a greeting and a farewell.
Oh it's #libchat time! I'm Kristi in Anchorage. Hello all!
which issue of J14 will you be in? :)
He can be ur day let me be ur night shyft gurL I kuld beat it up like Mike Tyson aha #P.S he kuld have u bak in da mornin WINK
Just around the house. It was raining pretty hard, so we couldn't shoot outside :(
haha your responses to some of these tweets are so funny!
today is the day... not a good band to listen to while dealing with traffic. my nerves are now shot.
you can still give online donate.salvationarmyusa.org/
yay! any recommendations in LA? so happy it can go to good use. I simply don't need 4 different cans of hair mouse.
customers shouldn't sass me because I am not above sassing back
no just five for all of them
you guys popped the #Homebrew cherry, congrats! It's fun, eh? I've been brewing for a couple years. Loving it! You?
Those who earned worked hard, those who deserved bitched a lot
i guess i'm an idealist, but i feel like we are the field, and if we don't like its state, we need to create what we want.
Today also marks when I realized wouldnt make it if I couldn't steal from So i did. (dont tell )
COCO LOUNGE/ XO PACKED OUT !!!!
Just stumbled upon Luxury Bauble. Rock on -- very cool, as all of your websites are/have been.
haha oh. well i am just telling you cause everyone calls them Nemi. :D
The blackout glaze in some people's eyes is a-maz-ing!
Fucking cubes man...
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it — change the way you think about it. ~ Mary Engelbreit
Great story about Justin Blackmon and a little girl suffering from ALL. He brought her to the draft with him! Great guy.
Shoutout to my new Followers
when do I Tupac vs. 2Pac?
I don't know yet
your right...
Just kicked it at da crib yesterday watching da allstar festivies and movies while my girl went out and partied !! Allstar Game later!!
Thanks! Happy Wednesday, sir!
a sad day for rap, especially nerdrap, indeed. Being shocked and sad with you.
Needs her stuff published... now!
I don't know if I can stand in line now- so if he doesn't need one maybe you could get mine?!
Yeah ! All Loud
beautiful day outside. productive work day. Girls date with my favorite 7 year old.
thanks Joey, you've always been one of our biggest supporters!
if Izturis is our best SS option we may as well just bring Counsell out of retirement. Sad thing is I'm only half kidding
Shooting for the new MJCD online video series begins tonight!!! Stay tuned for more details.
The stuff we do for the people we love..
who are the guys doing the cider tasting? Never heard of them.
you da best ;)
#pittbigidea pitches happening now. Include life saving health sciences biz concepts.
Everytime I hear them announce Jason Kubel I hear "kugel," suddenly I want to be eating dinner at my grandma's house.
Hahaha! Walgreens is where ALL the foolery is caught. I thought it was just me.
Damn. He's #bad tho. Anyway...
-.- I kinda twisted my knee !!
Looking forward to meeting new folks at the #promix career event tonight at Munchbar!
EVERY time i have seen this girl since she graduated from RC in 09 she be wearing this 09 Senior jacket... girl let it go!!!
In honor of Independence Day- 4th of July Neapolitan! Celebrate with the red, white and blue
the boys at my tuition centre kept on throwing things at me. I was like fucking annoyed and angry.
it feels great!!
Great! Enjoy your Lichi :-)
": May I suggest Mark 12: 28-31? RT : You are.." MT Ever Notice the HATERS have 30 or Less Follows
": "But if I Foursquare it, can I tweet it?"//Never Foursquare. It's ridiculous to presume people care that one is @ starbucks.
Thinking about the Laker's loss
Kabobs on the grill, cold beer, and good company!
The Beast is Pam from True Blood!!
My pleasure. Keep up the great tweets!
thanks for following us!
what the hell?! Really?!
that is so wrong, but it's living on the edge.
Damn it...maybe next year...FOSS4G, North America is coming to D.C. this April 10-12, 2012
Cuban Stogie in the Hammock on Easter Sunday and a Jolly Rancher,
cool, and time?
Ooh it's those Boston drivers that strike fear into my heart!
Check out some off our new & notable titles including: "The New Information Professional: Your Guide to Careers in the Information Age"!
the things ladies call "make up."
Want to go a little lighter for summer? Try a 24/7 highlight!!! Ask your stylist today!
prof has a crazy hand wound acquired from a bite from her maine coon cat. she breeds them for cat shows. this is going to be a great spring.
Looking for local merchants to donate prizes for the upcoming mustache bash. If you know of any that might want to donate, send a DM!
Atv's are ready to go
W/ my IT leadership peeps @ #ibjtech. Impressive panelists, innovative tech, & affirms = perfect intersection of Tech/Mission
please tell me you get to go to Copenhagen? When will you be there? :)
rainy day in Miami
So I out scored my fantasy opponent at qb today. His qb? Drew Brees. Mine? Matt Flynn. Boom!
I suppose Bloom's thoughts on understanding have become almost a standard by which to assess stu understanding
The children are in battle mode this afternoon. (sigh). Okay, let's do this...
Hi Jeannie!!
Where is the best place to hide a dead body you ask? Why on the second page of a Google search result of course!
I'm looking forward to tasting your petit manseng tonight
Next year, we go. And we bet. Seriously.
Really relating to Betty in this episode of Mad Men.
Just got to church ttyl tweets
Bummer. I hope you had a good day at the very least.
...like seriously. All the Disney workers everywhere said happy birthday--as well as other people. HUGE birthday for her.
Just when you thought you could give your liver a break - American Craft Beer Week (May 14-20) comes along.
I'm sorry to reply now;) but here is 18:26! Some news? :-)
Looking for misery, but she found me
Tornado watches in Florida. Rad. Thank the Baby I'm somewhat land-locked in
AY WORLD I GOT FAKE ASS FAMILY N FRIEND THTZ WHY I DONT FUCK WIT NOBODY WORLD FUCK THEM N EVERYBODY ELSE WHO GOT SOMETHING 2 SAY ABOUT IT
i wish i was as sexy as ;))
Three Cheers for #GoalQPC for calling immediately to resolve an ordering problem. Customer service is alive and well
Happy Holidays! *<||;-) we will be giving out free waffles, coffee, and hot choc. 10-12pm Saturday, and 11-1pm on Chrismas!
OH NY GOSH, I FREAKING LOVE IT!!!(: <3 ITS AMAZING! *__*
So #Iftwitterwerehighschool is trending. I got news for you: twitter is way worse than high school.
Welcome aboard! Enjoying the Twitterverse yet? We find it pretty addictive.
I hate to break it to you, but they exist... ": I don't believe in elevators."
"It doesn't make a difference what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature."
just plain sad, come one boys!!!
I thought I did...
aww, it's cool, President Obama- the gray makes you look distinguished :)
nah... not not afraid :P
15weeks 2mrw...time is flying for me & baby Braswell:-) I got ultrasounds 2day n ma baby have the same head as Kenny omg!!
damn I just seen robert hughes was cut along with our boy jordan miller
RT : Working on my fantasy football team
I'll ned more than a tweet to see why
That's the worst :( I have to do that on my car still this year… hopefully I pick a good day
A lotta drama today.
the quick green fox hopped past the tired dog.
Don't forget to join us next week WEDS 5/16 1pEDT for #Marketing Series w/ .. thx for being a part of
galleria food court, way better than mall food though
Generalizations are a huge sign of ignorance & fear.
I miss you too boo!!
HIT EM WIT THAT--> LUCKY DON "DIE TONIGHT" PROD BY
ha! yeah. that.
lmao no she not just when she come at us play it off by what I say
It was good spending the day with my mom 😏
Lololol for real!!!
Ugh this lack of appetite :(
Hope you mean something positive with that Tweet! Here's to hoping "how it's done" is a good thing for Stanzi!
note to Aisha. Apparently you really don't need to worry about that...
thanks for the RT... Go #GenBlue!!
This is my first tweet!
Oh good, another reason for me to be jealous of someone else. Now I have to go watch Planet Earth.
Hackers come and get me now!!!! Pussies!!!
speaking of books, how is the new one coming along?
Wonder how many people showed up to the CF event in BH.
Day 2 of not wearing my glasses So far so good
Yesterday the weather was nice and warm, today its cloudy and cold.
No map will show you the steps needed to take only by you and no one else.
Happy Friday !
trying to find a source for the lamest assignment ever but all I've been able to determine is a how to guide on making students hate you.
I refuse to be the first guy to coin falling asleep in the tub as 'Doing a Whitney'.
HEY, can you please follow me-?-! (':
I just honked at the mayor, oops.
Watching one of my favorite anime initial d
i wanna shower after therapy i feel like ... gross
in east- Heat in...6, and I guess Celtics in 6 as well.
da jets suck how u get beat by da giants
My fav#psanderettememories is when u followed me without me knowing who u were.But Im SO glad I do now&that ur following me
Hello Twitterverse... the last week has been a genuine roller coaster. I'm not sure where I am in the ride at the moment... but I'll figr it
It's a beautiful morning!
I laugh in the face of "terrible twos"... it's "terrible threes" for the prize if you ask me.
Have U all read the Grand Jury testimony in the Sandusky case? An OBVIOUS cover up & the GA was thrown under the bus
Headed home after a perfect day, gotta get home in time to watch Golden Globes!
I start classes for tech school tomorrow.
#twittamix Let's hear some Beastie Boys.
I agree is awesome! I love Good Eats!
same here! :) it's been raining a little to much but now it stopped! :D
If the temperature hits 70 today, chances are good that our infamous MOUSSICLES will be available this weekend. Hear that, Harvey Leonard?
Go Text Me Babe .
:) We could cause some trouble RT : Saw u last week, & miss u already. Think #OctFC trip to Chi's in order, inc those crazy LA kids
Haha I laugh a people who say Kansas isn't a good team..
Yulsman: If climate doesn't follow current projections, it doesn't mean climate change is bunk. Just means it's more complicated
agreed anywhere is fine. Temescal sounds good.
If you stay busy thinking about right things, the devil won’t be able to fill your mind with wrong things.
Seeing ' reports of rioting in Lexington.
i wont even take it to that class anymore! but no at the end of the day he gave it back... barely thought!
Didn't have high school back in my day
Hey there do you want to meet for coffee tomorrow (tues) at 11 AM?
So terribly sad still and can't really get into the spirit of baseball tonight.
Stay AWAY from the bar!
When you impersonate a giver, you set in action outstanding motions you wish you could avoid.
Only if it's back up to the 70s the next day will I be ok with that
Yeah,it's not like I can't see you staring at me or anything.
Critics are taking shots at state funded website. Giving what they call advice on abortion. Story at 6:00 on
Watching the last rocky movie quote " it's not how hard you hit it's how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward"
Where can you shop & listen to #JAZZ MUZAK in the #DC area?...
might be seeing that author real soon Haha.
Thanks for the RT Dylan!
People eating popcorn watching Twitter right now...This I'm sure of
thanks dear! Had a blast, off to catch Miike Snow now! 4 more days of this for me... Yikes!
The importance of living the questions (Rilke) & sharing answers along the way.
LOL drove by a Burger King delivery guy today... what a fucking terrible idea, this country is going to shit
Its been a week on this journey. This is just the beginning and I hope that it never stops!
thx for following me LA all day
I love you Zendaya! <3 You're my inspiration. :))
You should look into Square for cc processing.
RT if you are a libra
Thank you, drush, for once again making it dead simple to utterly wreck my website.
but i cant stop thinking about what happened to the string cheese that was in my pocket
Heavy dose of traffic followed by sudden conference call :/ Next time!
Good Morning Everyone! Vote Early or VOTE on Nov. 2 to declare your commitment to helping our community prosper. It will be a challenging...
#Bunnarchy it is! Thanks for the obvious choice.
Neither black women nor black men can afford to fall for that garbage. Read the NY Times article - it's pure hatred
ME! I have freckles. And you shall see me June 6th. You are welcome.
RT Soccer fans, big screens #HSt 10% off if wearing gear
Think I have to quit varsity cheerleading.. ):
Trying to remember just how hot it was in August.
pay no heed to texts. The quest for a championship is at hand. Best of luck!
how long were you in traffic
We need to check the Book of Revelation to see what happens now. RT : Why'd Snooki have to go and get pregnant? Why?
“You know you're a cyclist when you flex your legs instead of your arms to you significant other. #Cycling”or a goalie
Can i get a #update on the LA game please!
Wow I would have thought my home state of NC (now an Obama state) would have came through to vote against Amendment 1. I was wrong.
They're awesome and really sweet. Now I will judge every person I meet by the high standards set by MOE....
what were we thinking coming here?
just did lol
my favorite part of was definitely Boy's facial expressions in the ending thriller sequence, though!
Liv It Up (Teenage Wasteland) by is seriously so freakin addicting. I can't stop listening!
I've had pizza for every meal today.
Wales & Israel featured in May We're on track !
Lots of lessons today getting the youngans ready for my children's recital
at some point this evening I'd like to cheers a cold refreshing beverage with you sir
you wouldnt be if you had me to keep ya sane :-)
#NCTA Chair Michael Powell speaking on commitment of cable industry to adopt broadband, partnerships, connect-to-compete.
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you worked with John Waters. Any chance u will star in a remake of Female Trouble?
クリスチャンルブタン ブーツ Tags Pet Insurance Reviews ...
job hunting in Louisville, fun times for the unemployed college student
Pfft. I have no social skills.
we'll get ya all signed up next time you stop in!
True love is like a pair of socks: you gotta have two and they’ve gotta match
I kinda feel bad for the Bulls - they getting their ass beat!
haha. Ur in florida. How could u b bored
I'm always scared the dominos delivery guy will be creepy and I'm alone here :I
I am in lax. Sure is cold outside.
Is it amateur night?
Just booked a speed dating show!
Rough morning... Nothing a little #MichaelBubleChristmas can't fix!
keep smilling. it makes people wonder what ur up to!!!!! lol
Art car greatness is full on!
I am going to watch #QVC until I have the urge to buy something!
you all too.
Let's see What is new Game Cd is all about
RT : A Night Remembered: 15 Centennial Titanic Books (that's five bonus online reviews!) by LJ reviewer
Suck a dick if you the boyfriend kissing the girls ass.
Nate trashes my room every morning then gets mad because I put him in his crib...smh.
forgot to @ you on my last two tweets.
It's amazing that a coffee, smokes, a shit and shower will make you feel so much better after a night of drinking!
Pray tell...where? RT: Canteen lunch at work where Krug GC and 1998 are served? Don't mind if I do..
A woman can tell you everything she wants in a man, 9 times outta 10 the dude she's f*ckin is complete opposite of that. Smh get it together
point yourself<<
You think you're cute with that lie you just implied.. Get out of here
The first thing you do when you're online is checking Austin's Twitter.
what things
I can't believe it
Tonight's Art Spiegelman lecture is SOLD OUT. We'll be distributing stand-by tickets to a 1st-come, 1st served waiting line.
Greetings, Mr. thompson!
RT :Does this have implications on how #socialworkers enter data into #CWSCMS ? Does your county allow clients to self...
Cadet Vazquez wrote back ;)
put me on that season. I would make him suffer!!1
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 5 days people! If you don't have your tickets, get them asap! Pala Casino, May 5th, 6p-9p
I just realized I never saw #TheHangover2. Well, I did, but it was called The Hangover 1.
only if the pilot is a Wayne's World remake.
that drink look Freaky lol
car wallpaper Devin Hester of the Chicago Bears is filling up gas in ...
Are they voting people out of class like the TV show?
Help! Fox pundits agree that it will be hard to beat Obama.
If you know me well you know I hate coffee but boy am I knocking it back today. This should let you know how exhausted I am.
Early day tomrw.. Back on the grind ;)
We ship media mail from Philadelphia every day! Unfortunately it's unpredictable. Usual time to west coast about 10 days
Great things are coming!!! I feel it. Believe it. See it. Know it. #CantWait☺
Power outage has knocked out all of the college's servers, including Blogs@ Baruch. We will be down most of the day.
happy early birthday
I need some effing sleep!!!
do you think dale jr will win
Oil Spill is really bad. BP stock is tanking.
Have'n a Sick Meeting with the Fam! #WHOOP!!!
Save My Soul, a fab read you won't be able to step away from, wonderful!
I just met lil wayne all-nighter was so worth it !
Mention me for a follow back
How well do you know Roald Dahl's stories...which child is the first to have an "accident" in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
ugh...so not happy about track season being over for me...but at least i can still go to the meets and practices!! :)
On cruise control relaxed! Happy mothers day!
donttttt cry!!!! Cant you go with the train or something?
: OK SORRY
I hope my dad don't get sent back off....):
oh(: lol that's good!
do you know someone who makes lip balm locally (indiana)? please dm me their info!
Books are not made for furniture, but there is nothing else that so beautifully furnishes a house. Henry Ward Beecher
Slip in slide burn on my knee :C
#NAISac12 Presenting Friday at 8 on Innovative Schools & Students with material from T. Wagner's & 's new books--all invited!
don't mess up nobody shit
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 18
#TheBestThingInLifeIs having peace of mind
text me ill see u at schooll bye *I Love Aaron*
GREAT job as Flat Stanley. Good Monday fun!!!!!
No Shave November: To be or not to be? That is the question.
Thanks for helping me with my website. I'm happy!
You're so sweet! Last night I thought I had cavities. Then I remembered that I have infected sinuses. :/ Happy Friday!
I like to stop the microwave with 1 second to go. Makes me feel like a bomb defusal expert.
Wow, What a Sidewalk SALE - 2 for $3 Readers Copies & so Much More!
A3 #sbchat irony is most Americans traveling to golf prob not differentiating bw UK and Republic of Ireland
I don't remember that last time you said something nice to me
Bout to watch my re-run of B.B.W.
Check out these great nonprofits doing great things: , , , , and
RIP Michael.
Stopped at Walgreens this morning and saw a guy w/ half a moustache..That's right, full hair on left, none on right! Ha! Merry Christmas!
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.
I have these short phases about once a month where I listen to nothing but folk/alternative folk music
I saw a man throw invisible Money in the club LMFAO i have never seen that b4 Unbelievable lmao ....shulda seen it*.. Chiefn
no I didn't?(: oh I can't standing seeing you sad:/ smile?
at the aquarium, and my fav part is the tiger- huh?
My dad's celebration when da heat win >
Wow. I rarely am on here when you post. Never heard of the place. Good, huh. Will have to try it. Thx for the rec.
SELENA GOMEZ IS IN MY TWITTER follow me WOULD THE HAPPIEST MAN IN THE WORLD
I liked you and on that 2012 joint! Raise the level of consciousness...
#21 on Wisconsin not only shoved, but also grabbed Ezelis arm
or that id be front row and waved to by every member of the band from stage.
Looks yummy...except for the asparagus (not a big fan)!
Debris found within a half-block of incident. At least 10 neighbors will have gas and power shut off for several more hours.
School then meet in Quincy for districts! Okay bye twitter
Which bank of the river did you use to portage around that dam on 36th? Did you have to climb any chain link?
Big announcement coming for CSC Fest tomorrow!
gustavo arellano is taking over the world of culinary/cultural studies.... watch out bourdain...
Given weather changes, my bones hurt more than they used to. Body-interface :: analogy as erotic mode of knowledge :: ruins remember selves.
Have photoshoots this weekend. Looking for modeling career. Inquires please email me at
Just grilled on a #BigGreenEgg for the first time today!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing stop hating on every girl that talks to Justin Bieber! Like calm down,he has selena!
Gonna need to dig deep to keep working for one more hour. The sun is out in #seattle!
is there a way to export my following / followers list to a spreadsheet?
Passed out several resumes today, and made more contacts. Have some good foundations to work from.
Posts made public in Google+ can be seen by everyone, including non-G+ users who know how to search by domain in Google.
ALCL 38Mil float, $.017 now, can get to 03 very fast... Book value is over $.08
Hey guys jus dropped by this account to say hello *waves* been a while^^ once again I started a PA account so please follow my new c-
#mypastrelationships taught me that WOMEN ARE ALWAYS FUCKING RIGHT. Take some notes guys .
This is HILARIOUS. So funny, in fact, that I think I'll print it and take it to my red headed BFF who I am about to meet up with!
Things Bout To Change For The Better I Promise That
I need to live in a city with less to do. Three nights in a row out on the town is definitely going to affect my job performance tomorrow.
Win 2 spots to tomorrows Date Night Class by answering this first: Name 2 cuisines that have had a significant impact on Caribbean Cuisine.
Can't we all just get along??
Dear god, i havent seen this much shakin since muhammed ali at the olympics
If it wasn't for u life wouldn't be as exciting<3
thank you
One of my favorite movies of all time: Planes Trains and Autombiles....I think I'm reliving it right now. Where am I?
Summer sounds perfect right now.
old people jokes are so unfunny....but u still laugh only at the fact of how ridiculously unfunny the joke is
oh! Well you could have it manga style :)
GOT YA..FOLLOW ME BACK
Just like to point out how great Jen's dimples are!
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
Lee: Place is important to health, quality and length of lives.
Glad to know who my true friend are.
this is a bad idea for Netflix, becuz of the problem you stated and they'r changing the name of their original business,branding
what would your latest one read?
Dance Moms!!!!!! but I still miss Abby😢😞
when i get home i'm going straight to bed
Eli, mf'ers. What a game. 4xSB for NY Football Giants!!!
You know you watch too much CtCD when you can repeat just about every word Shwick said.
Totally addicted to the NAM live feed! Cheering on all of the amazing ladies competing in Anaheim this week <3
Following twitter on the web...
hiya! Thanks for following!
soon bro I'm bringing Giants gear though lol!
Don't battle with your child about food. Instead, commit to basic healthy ground rules and stick to them calmly & consistently.
ill fight you Mariah (;
Late Night Harvest 🌴
Thanks for a great lunch! RT : Lunch time with #happyhour on the horizon!
Looking for another 1/2 marathon to run in Oregon. Suggestions welcome. :) Don't like courses that are "out and back."
ATTN: all unsigned dancers,singers,rappers, join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!~"
Some of it is very cool.
Ooltewah has experienced severe tree loss. Where is that Lorax? TN early AM
the also both have pretty names.
"The Love of My Youth by Mary Gordon, I am reminded of how we change in our ways as we get older" --Lee Byrd
might as well lol Haven't seen or heard from him in a long time :p
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” ― C.S. Lewis
": Is it Friday yet?" SOON very soon!
Ok , I'm going!! Lol! Asshole;)
There's only one office that I would consider working in for that amount of time, and I think we both know which one that is.
At this point, I'm rooting for the #mets to perpetually extend their impressive streak of zero no-hitters.
me and my sister are going to London and Manchester. What shows are you goin to 😊
Well tweet ya later! Get at me by facebook! Tweet me questions and I'll get at 'cha later! Sn: tomorrow is the b-day!! :)
Talk ta meh...
Would love to hear who is attending #HIMSS11 this year?
Grrrr. Today's PITA: "Suspicious sign in" message from Google & I have to change passwords on both Google accounts for Plaxo to work again.
im such a stalker
Ladies keep those pictures coming! We have room for 2 more ladies to sit w/ Ravens CB Jimmy Smith on Thursday! Send em to !
I love my new hair :)
BET RT : def got u dam
I know Viola Davis will make me cry when she wins.
why thank you!x
Yeah, plus he's old and has been pretty bad so far this year. They were already getting guys ready who might replace him.
lol. to late. im not crying anymore. (:
yo waddup bruh, u got any of ur stuff online i can check out?
Can those of us in more enlightened states offer political asylum to the women of TX and AZ?
Finally started Mass Effect 3 tonight, but it won't import my Shepard's face, so I quit 2 minutes in and I'll wait until they patch it.
All Hosmer has to do is step on first before the throw and it's an easy double play.
THANK YOU for the RT love!!!
Check us out on Fox45. Our next segment starts in about 10mins.
Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence.
"Babe: Pig in the City is one of the darkest movies ever made."
Sounds like an amazing night...
She can't even talk to me because we both know...
Do it! First Sunday! Row S odd numbers!
You are definitely right. Adorable!
I dont know who is whinier the penguins or their announcers
Harden need to snap
And the population goes up by one.
You'll have the pretties diabetes ever!!! heh.
NO! Where would the Housewives (and the rest of us) be without you? :)
The Directors Ball & International Film Festival - Beyond the experience!!!
ur show rocked tonight the hangover for tommorow was worth it
#Pujols will make nearly $70,000/day with his new deal. That is insane.
How so?? PS we should do coffee!
Jumping on #firstpitch in a few minutes to talk Braun. Tune in!
: RT : Love Rain Cosmetics! Making the girls even more beautiful.
City of #Austin is developing well. But our reality & challenge: We're expected to double in 30 years, from 800k to 1.6 million.
Who Won?!
Thinking about hitting the Tavern ...want some pirate punch?
I'll check it out": check out my letter to the editor of San Bruno Patch..... Mayb starting something, hm. =*}"
Crazy as in nuts/mad/insane or crazy as in pre-zombie apocalypse?
Now playing Kanye West, Stronger.
Is it potatoes and onions for roasted chicken???
RT : " FOLLOW YOU " my original song on YOUTUBE ~BRINGING THE LOVE BACK TO R&B & POP~ #G_Nation S/O
Environmental #sustainability in museums: necessary, exciting, fun, smart, challenging. It's all about leadership
Was Sydney trying to get backstage at Phineas and Ferb again? I know she has a thing for Perry... What girl wouldn't???
Saw your "Before I Die" installation on Granville Ave in Chicago today. Already very populated & fabulous!
This heat is getting to me. .
well this should be easy to fact check.
&#39;Girls Around Me&#39; Reveals Pathos Of Social Networking: Top 5 Creepy Apps and Software For Phones And PCs
Missing the Go!!!¡¡¡ Right now
Smh all week its gunna keep raining! Ugh get the fuck out of here tired of the rain!!!
no reason
": 8 Karlsson over 9 Jacobson I'm not sure if Freddie is fully healthy so I have to go with Karlsson." ouch! jac = terminator
not yet but I need to!
“ I swear some of yall was on the Mavs bandwagon now done hop on the Thunder bandwagon.. #Fake”
Happy Birthday!!!!!
no problem sir, I appreciate your edits as well thank you very much!
I wonder whats gonna happen to all these "Lakers fans" once Kobe retires
happy cinco de mayo!
do you have chipotlaway
You must be in a resort town of FL
home stretch!
Glad your prayer was answered :)
Now that was a hell of a team win! Literally! Great job guys
yes the twi fan fic a problem for me as well from ethical standpoint and I don't like Bella, Katniss is my kind of gal
so long as #IU gets past #NMST, you can count on a #Kentucky rematch.
at mugsy's with and ... let the games begin.
Me too! RT : i hate seeing food that looks good on instagram when im hungry
of parks and rec was ever cancelled I'd move to the moon. Or start it up on cable access here KNOPE WE CAN
Strong work. I don't believe that I'm familiar with that one on the far right.
Born intelligent is excellent. How do you put it to work for the benefit of others? 😊
mention me :)
no worries. I don't want any :) Didn't get to a shop in Dallas either :(
lol love it
OKC will never win with Westbrook running point..he drives with his head lowered
GOD may not turn his bacc on anyone but ppl turn their bacc on GOD every single day .
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I did anything to embarrass her
Will he make house calls in Seattle? RT “: Rev billy is giving a "student debt exorcism" #M1”
I know you are
Sometimes the "Silver Lining" is difficult to find...but rest assured that...for those who look for it...it will be found!
God, my mom is such a fucking idiot.
Gave 30 flu shots in 2 hours. Please warn me next time.
headed out to molly malone's to cheer on the jayhawks. my favorite time of the year!
that's actually a mating call, gatekeeper/key master type of thing. Answer it for a fun gift.
Oh! I believe I will do just as you suggest. :)
did you not get my email?
indonesia robusta make me feel nausea although it is inexpensive and has no silver skin.
I want to go camping next weekend. Unless its hot. Then screw that. Ill stay home.
get some rainbow sprinkles on that
• Hm. A save is actually a little MORE complex than I realized.
Alright Murray State. I see ya.
will do!
As a NDF "veteran" ;), I 2nd your thoughts, it's a fantastic conf, and should be on every museuonerd's todo list.
I prefer to be in the know. RT : Ignorance is bliss!
sweet! Hearing some good stuff about you from the UT gang. Guna be in CA or OR soon? My company is touring there in April.
...Actually its not ok. Im going to call you all night now!!!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Cooking channel has exciting programing for fun and easy meals. COOK WITH US alton brown
Thanks for following the West Side Catholic Center!
i grew up drinking so much strawberry milk. Maybe that's why i'm coo coo sometimes.
in reference to my last tweet.... never mind.
I just keep telling myself it'll be okay..
too funny, your recap! yes, he looks just like dawson, and brent & his six kids broke my heart a little!
I was wondering if you and would be interested in coming
Thank You. It is well appreciated!
Is there still time to bet on this in Vegas?
Chelsea's boobs.
I like!!! Happy is what I stand for!!! Holla at me if you need a smile! :))
i cried wen u got shot on csi......plz follow me
RT : Amazon USA #35248 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast: Sherrie Le Masurier. Do you en......
when I see a 18wheeler I look twice to see if it's a TRANSFORMER LOL
In a fit of good intentions, I just joined the #OCW Consortium, , and Attracted more by humanities courses than CS.
On Dec 7, 2010, the #SEC charged BOA $137 million in disgougment and misconduct. Now, J.P. Morgan with over $220 million. Account anyone?
Yeah, The Pineda move is not panning out to say the least!!! lol
in love with a creature <3
well it's not a good thing to keep your feelings to yourself.
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says scientists need to know the media environment. Get to know pr people at your institution.
“: You KNOW when your done in the shitter you still sit there tweeting. Only the brave admit it.” ...so true
Just signed up for Google+...feels like something, yet nothing.
IM CRYING SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
Happy Birthday to the best husband a girl could ask for Hope you get lots of rasberry pie and yummy treats! Love you honey!!
so glad you liked the film #middleofnowhere ! Hope to see u at
i finally wake up for this damn 8 am and we don't even have class
Epic failure, never before have I put in so much effort and got nothing in return.. At least there's a few cold beers in my future..
What we want we must become.
miss you too!!! Can we hangout soon?
ops for got the proper way...love you
Bulls aside, playoffs better not suck as much as they have so far, save from OKC/Mavs game 1
so when I write to you like how im doin now... Am I jst retweeting u lol this is confusin lol
It's close to me:)
my 2 dollars sure goes ahellava lot farther than your 2 cents
RT : Thx 4 supporting & empowering young women! Keep our teen parents in your prayers; cont to look out for them!
Hey Chicagoans! My brother's song, Sparrow in Spring, is going to be on WLUW-FM 88.7 at around 1 pm today! Tune in!
Notes from Jasmine, batch #90685: “It’s a good thing that kettles whistle,” says Joe, in earnest.
The Barna Group identifies the following negative Christian stereotypes: INTOLERANT, JUDGMENTAL, HYPOCRITICAL, and ANTI-HOMOSEXUAL
I'll also take a side order of go
Tnx Guys!! RT #FF Same as last week. Which means... it's important! Get ready for tons of updates and great info
thought about him the other day
Welcome to SEC basketball
ugh need to shower b4 the boiler shuts off for repairs =/ 12am no hot water
Hope all y'all didn't forget that special someone on Vtines day! I got mine! I Love You!
Bad girls club was the best last night OMG beat Up even no I love them both #team bad girls club!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes why?
birthday song just made my birthday special and ending was my favorite part #loveyougirls <3
; probably going out . you ?
or Showtime
gotta be ready
ahah yea i was in senegal first n nw im in cameroon. ddnt even pland to b gon dis lng! but yea i'm taking care of business here!
get the fuck out of here with your shit.
Cool I love drummers!:)
": #AstrologyFacts It is difficult for #Geminis to put others before themselves." Can't argue there
Yes it did!!!
pumped #megatron will be on the Madden cover - we can't afford for him to have another good season
“: I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.”
Come on Ricky!
party like; like it's the end of the world; we gunna party like; like it's 2012 :D
Flash choir at Target singing Christmas carols!!! So awesome!!!
"White Sox tried to pull a fast one on the Tigers..."
I think that's the first tweet that you don't capitalize the first letter of every word.
VDC's Aydin Visual Solutions (AVS) Group Selected to Partner With Sweden's ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Nice to know that even now at 30, I still get carded.
wants to be home, outside, cutting the rest of the beams. Instead, working on a few pieces of the CRM migration puzzle.
Im ready for prom so early....
Perfect spring evening to walk off a long intense improv sesh w/
Thanks for the #ff mention! You were an excellent bartender at last night's #lrnchat :)
Victory of success is half won when one gains the habit of setting goals and achieving them. Setting goal to revise & edit 3 chapters 2day.
this is your shower song ...
are you gonna Austream today?? If so you should do the goodmorning song!(:
She walked out of the house in PJ's and a house coat and still got laid? TV life is unfair.
... Why did jimmy drop his ice cream?
thanks yo! Did my agent contact u at all. Curious
Work Day About To Be Cracking!
No it actually means subliminal like hidden message not substitute so u are dumb.
It's #Friday morning, #coffee is brewing, #angry could outside wanting to rain on everybody's #parade. Feels like a good day to
it's all about the burgers & brews. We'll see you soon!
Just left the hot spot *&%$% lol about to head back to the hotel room ste ### Chinese eyes!!!
its how we roll :-)
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them could ever visualize.
excited to chat about Millenium Campus! Sounds like a fit for CWS fellowships cc:
Joe just got pulled over. Cop found his pot and pipe
I heard that Cap Brew didn't sell out initially--u may want to c if they still have any tix.
"ii love him!"
Thanks for chatting w/ is tonight re: Enjoyed it!
Playing the Piano Bar in Hollywood tonight at Midnight. Free Entry
NBA updates EST 43 - WEST 49
Busy Making flyers for the Neighborhood Garage sale we are sponsoring. The Date is Sat. March 31st. Let us know if you want info about it!
thank u for an amazing crew & flight from MCI to Portland tonight. Absolutely loved the wifi on the flight & flight attendants
Happy Mothers Day!
What is your favorite quote of all time?
So its the last class before the final and we are watching a movie on how Toy Story was created... nice!
Lo is a mess
Haven't tweeted in a while..feel like tweeting
Guess What!!!
DCCA tonight 8 pm UD Grad Student Jacob A.Clue electro-acoustic concert! FREE
killer..i gotta talk 2 that guy
i swear i don't like my sister boyfriend
lovin the background..shout out to chi!
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION! RT IF YOU DO TOO!
shit, now i know how you felt
Just the thought of your #unendingLOVE!!
that sucks:( maybe things will change and it will get big! I've really no questions though haha
“: My grandpa just told me his uncle was a hobo. #myfamilyisthebest” // HAHA POP-POP!
"I think I'm a sexy beast."
": its #huevos not juevos."H is silent, emphasis in more H so add the J in there. HhhhhheVos!
Just met at Seminole Futures! Good luck today!
I think that's all anyone wants out of a relationship
I don't discriminate based upon age, race, sex, belief, appearance, or intelligence (ok maybe just a little on the last one)...
duh everyone know :P jk
Why everyone mistaking me as a senior till I tell them I'm not?
Great to see all the comments from Illinois and Minnesota bashing #boryan and the #badgers. Sick of getting beat every year, boys?
Very excited for Bret Mackenzie aka 1/2 of Flight of the Conchords for winning an #Oscar. love him.
late night twitcam?!
6 Years, On &Off Sometimes Tho.
what's new?
I can't stop my mind from thinking and creating... Can you?
ya its good!!
#MKE people. Do you or a friend live, work, or play in the #ThirdWard? DM me for an exclusive special surprise. #milwaukee keeps on giving
Ted Kennedy's car has killed more people than my guns
I love it when a girl can rock a beanie !
we drove by the Falls and I thought they were beautiful. The town has sadly seen better days, but so many cool old hotel signs.
WOW this tweet is some deep stuff ": Life is more than VIP sections and flight confirmations !!!"
MEE. :D lol I like to try completely different foods together. They end up tasting good.
Hilarious. Don't hate on my mad blogging skillz.
Happy Birthday to Stephen Marley EARLY--
your name should be changed from #Nobody to #Somebody sweet heart because your somebody just like all of #us. ;)
How has the population changed in Deep Ellum since it started in the 80's?
did u get my message Peter. Would love to chat.
yep. I think it's Wednesday morning for the SHA session - you should come!
maybe Friday we can do a happy hour drink and then hit up the show.
I need my abs back. :(
And Bluff gets out of the jam with the 2 unassisted, 2-3 double play on a nubber back to the plate.
I'm selling my Warwick NT Thumb 5 string. I must have the pnut signature after seeing the latest version! SEE YOU AT 311 DAY! -Sean B.
yo 2Pac is alive.... You tryna have a sleepover. I’ll have movies and mickey's
what to do what todo.
I have that same shirt!
ah come on
In a national survey, after receiving acupuncture treatment, 70% said they avoided surgery.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 5
skinny asparagus, v. hot oven, evoo, pepper & flaky sea salt. 20 min. RT : *very* intrigued. Do tell!
Hey hows it going?
Left over Osaka :'D<3
Despite best efforts from , I will NEVER warm up to Bieber. I love my rock, blues, and alternative. Ain't never gonna change.
Maya Moore for ex. Wld have been 1 and done in the mens game... Griner? Wbb actually shows how a kid can improve their game/team for 4 yrs
Arrogance and rudeness are training wheels on the bicycle of life -- for weak people who cannot keep their balance without them.
One shot ur heart wit out breaken ur skin no one has the power tho hurt like ur kin
pleasehelp me get followers. i will give you reward after that
The Pioneers are at the Opening Rd banquet for the Marion, Ind., bracket right now. Each coach just talked. Dinner up next.
I'm easily impressed.
HIMYM while I wait for to love me.. 😒
Love or hate me, I stay hate free
That's what's keeping me going. That & the writing advice from Anne Lamott: just take it bird by bird (great book, btw!!)
New day new opportunities buy now US real estate and you get the deal of a lifetime
yeah I can agree with that, your dog is a
do u remember the album I made 4 u,inside was a poem I wrote about u, DID U READ IT?? I hope so after all the work I put into it!! XO
nuh uh!...what was he sayin?
Which are parachute pants
m like that one.
He's one of the best(funky, original, hype), but only caught glimpses of him do he wasn't in the results.
yes I am
"maybe that's just his sister." -
2 exams, 2 parties and a whole lot of other stuff tomorrow
Thanks for the RT! We love sharing the old photos and celebrating our
hundred candles can light a city.thousand candles can light a nation.million candles can light the world. A single candle can light the way.
Whan dealing with people, remember that they are not creatures of logic but creatures of emotion.
Ha. Klouchebag. I dig it.
Tell me you have muscle shirts! I'll settle for a Hulk Hogan tear-away tee if you don't.
So stoked to play for and be part of the family....Lets hope they like their blues dirty!
YaY Brewers! Can't wait to get home in 9 days..they dont have FSN here!
chocolate is always the best incentive! Hehe
RT : I had a dream last night that you stopped thinking we care.
I need new drums so I'm flying to the orlando guitar center to wait outside for the #Trayvon Martin riot. Give us justice or give us drums
I work as an advocate for worker justice and #IOccupyBecause there are so many folks looking for work in this economy.
At some point today I'll tuck my dress shirt into my dress pants. Until then I'll just say it's "Cali Casual."
It's good to open the doors & windows in my home, lay on the floor & let the breeze blow through. Spring has begun & it's a beautiful day!
Relational models differ from lists of characteristics Christine Bruce 'seven faces' and Sylvia Edwards 'Net lenses'
No, if register through press reg form $135 if you register through regular reg form $159 for bea/72 for bbc
#OOMF really want me to go #HAM but I won't stoop to their level today
Play Doh? My goodness you are easy!
Exactly! Big difference. You can still transfer to FS later and you will be $24,000 less in debt!
Exciting summer ahead! Shows, Recording, Pictures, Website! Stay tuned!
How I met your mother funniest show!
whats your go to order
On the down side.. looks like Colt may no longer be wearing Brown and Orange.. If he is traded, I will make this page a Richardson fan pg.
The GA wine app for the iPad will be on the app store soon
It's a #LonewolfMcQuade kind of night!
why did meatball and beer awesomeness need to fall on Passover? Chris - u gotta do double for me. 160 beers 80 balls
yes I think that is right. Could complement Bb
Breyer: What 1st Amend would permit gov to protect kids from violent vid game only when woman—bound, gag, killed—is also topless?"
I can text him and ask if you want...
Yum #foodiechat RT : Would love to try it! RT : Our famous el topo w/ mozzarella, salmon, jalopeno-delish! “
DiscoveryGarden's Jon Green is at Code4Lib in Seattle.
Seems to us the Social Media folks used non-social media selection criteria. Makes me doubt legitimacy of the event.
Amen! We've been working hard at it; long way to go, some minefields yet making progress
she always used to say 'i'm gonna kick you. through the goal posts of life!' in her class!
This is an all-ages Cash Mob. Have you considered bringing your kids? Who's bringing their family?
I'm sorry for your loss(es) OKST.
Happy Birthday Daniel Gallardo, Diana Welch, Kent Brown, Aaron Finley, Mark Williams, Kathy Lovetinsky, Anita Huffer
Kitty Cavalier!
!!!! 👏 “: RT : "Never love anybody who treats you like you're ordinary." - Oscar Wilde #quote”
Post game interviews coming up next on the field
"Hey, how bout those Raiders!?"
Good to see you too. Sometimes setting up meetings at the show is a futile effort! Let's connect next week
Waiting for the new dog and trying to see what happen
but I cute :(
Free wine samples & glass purchases #LocalUnderground Tent Party. just taking the stage. too!
Feeling pressure to use the fast-growing Pinterest? Here's some advice to take it slow....
I didn't know you lived in Westlake Village. My sister and her family live in Agoura Hills!
you can't say what label you're on? Never heard of that before.
They Suck ! ugh I Cant Even Eat Anymore -_____-
Doing a campaign is no joke. You've got to plan it like a production. Brainstorming elements now. Timeline later
: your opinion only counts if you agree. Stop being SO against baby killing...
thank you for mentioning The Pickwick!
I'm bad with faces, but I'll never forget the mask! Sweet
Cottage Time in New Brunswick
How can you say they are the two best athletes...make ur arguments for best baseball player, but overall athlete? Cmon man!
So my doctor says i have permanent brain damage now :( this sucks
Heh. Travelers insurance, who bought the umbrella logo back from citigroup... Just curious if the brand sticks (CT native :) )
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 63F FAIR
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny BEST ONES: Horny Potter and The Horny Games! 10 POINTS TO GRYFFINHORE AND MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!
we haven't forgotten how f-ing awesome you are xo
Also, why $6 million? What is the other $3.5 million being used for?
Listening to Canon D by Parchebel. Anyone a fan of Baroque era music?
pero now his music fuckin sucks :/
#WallStreet/#fashionpolice: Today at work I wore a grey crewneck sweatshirt, hat, jeans, shoes, and underwear. Please don't scrutinize me.
"safe and sound" by taylor swift just sounds kinda creepy. the music vid is weird too. wats up with music these days?
Wow. I can't believe I missed that sight of awesomeness.
Alcohol is completely eliminated from the body within seven days. That is to say never.
We're ready for the Power to Rattle some heads!
if this music thing dosen't work out, I can always go back to strippin'
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<310
aww im sorry
thank you so much. :)
we have a HUGE contingent of fitness competitors, pro athletes, and health care professionals in the group.
aw thank you! :) now lets make sure he sees it xD
Its today. You better come even if it is raining. The show is going on!
Give thanks & spread positivity.
no, different roomie! he's pretty cool until fake meat is involved
RT "Hatin' on money, all day long; hatin' on money while I sing this song..." < :(
Hey thanks on passing on some of the tips from the panel! Made me feel better. I was bummed to have to miss it :(
Shooting with Ms. Peach State today so beautiful!!!
i miss my family
So true! Lol RT : #Libras are loyalty, caring, devoted, sociable, cooperative, and indecisive lol
“: hey hippie <3 haha remember when we took those quizzes online?” cool college kids take online quizzes
Having tonight for dinner. It's all I can think about. M...buffalo lime cilantro. Is it 5:30 yet?
the MK Frontierland Shooting Arcade made me angry 1st bc I had to pay $1, 2nd gun didnt work & couldn't get refund
I know!! I cant believe its real life :) #imgeekedup RT : 76 hours left!”
“: Girls ignore nice guys.. Chase assholes.. And then complain about it.”
Today: getting out of the office and exploring Georgetown.
word! Every event at the London Olympics this year are gunna be streaming, also. Get your badminton on son
just got like tackled from the back. It hurts but ill be okaay. Thanks for asking bro (:
With 4 convenient locations in Fairfax, Falls Church, Springfield, & Vienna, come experience the Shell Service for yourself.
Alright Can't I limit browse by availability, like search? & let us collapse books under series title. Browsing is exhausting!
YES!!!!! That's exACTLY how I looked when reading p. 104.
If U c footage frm #Syria of supposdly parents of th ppl wounded, yelling "bashar". Ask Y theyr holding a cam & not their
. the Guardian US office is pretty swank.
Great week at work, landed my boss an interview with CNN and Entercom, and had lunch with the publisher at Latino Magazine!
