Should be!
And Check Out This Website I Made
RT "You never undermine authority especially commissioners dammit!" Oh sorry, did I get that wrong?
lol nothing just giving you shit lol. What are you up to?
Attend Tuesday 5/22 8am @ #wawlive: Why is #Compensation Foundational to a Great People Strategy?” w/ &
Big win for the Bulldogs over the previously Horizon 3-0 Panthers. Twice were down by eight or more, resiliant is the word for this game.
I think it just sunk in....And I know that I have to have it...Now and its gonna take effort but It'll be worth it!
I think I will write a column on my blog about this with everyone throwing in their 2 cents. I would say the rocky theme song.
Internet laziness*
Thanks for following David
Yes, yes, 1000 times yes. RT : We can bring theremins out to joshua tree with us, too.
How freaking difficult can it be to get the phone number of my pharmacy off the internet? Apparently very.
I haven't seen them since 2006 so I'm really excited!
Where? I see no snow.
why do you have best tweets of life
The Chapter 11 theater. ha!
Been an interesting last couple of days.
what remark?
Feel better. Amazing show in NYC!! By the way do you know any young guitarists looking for a permanent home?
Big ups to anyone that came out to the Roller Disco on Saturday. It was a blast & a 1/2!
So sorry to be out of touch these days. We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!
Fare increase will allow "additional rush hour service during the peak period, to improve bus service, and to improve maintenance,”
awww! You're so sweet
I would love to get a birthday shout out from you,but you probably wont see this!
i am so bored. been listening to ed sheeran all day. lol
My husband just made pizza bites. They smell yummy. Just gotta say no. lol
Why I would make a LOUSY photojournalist: I was front of the Cathedral, TAKING PICTURES, and got no shots of the passing police chase.
interesting... I feel the exact same way about something else.
Is it true you eat Legos ?
Why cant guys see the beauty in every girl in this world, we r all beautiful but apperantly they cant notice the beauty in us:(
NVMe is a standard to access PCIe SSD cards without custom drivers.
I wear My K-Swiss!..
FOUR TRIBECA DOCS: FROM ZEN TO MADNESS TO SEXY ...
Sure could use a Winnipeg loss...
when are you back in SF, patitties?
I fucking love , yellin' at bitches at school...makes me laugh.(:
Good sleeping weather...
Btw, I am following babygirl now T. She came up as a suggestion. lol
RIP #JuniorSeau Junior Seau confirmed dead... Our thoughts are with the Seau family.
Can we just fast forward to Thursday afternoon pleasee.
changed my icon :)
like MOVIES and Apple store downloads?...lol...CORPORATE ART...lol
Why can't it be Spring Break forever?
The only guys that I think are hot are celebrities
You know, the longer the Lakers stay alive in the playoffs, the longer we have to hear from Laker fans. You sure you want this?
omg, when did you follow me? THANKS <3 ......freaked out, nice youtube videos ! (:
I'll tweet you with a photo of them! :)
you know I did! All the way from here in America
Funniest and Coolest Boston tweeters are and
Nice website, sir.
Stop popping THAT GUMM !
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for UK's "The Jeremy Kyle Show". - Web Ad. Congrats to songwriters Stephanie Wallace & Elijah Mills
"Not me ,but ill will be watching : Who havin a viewing party 2nite for part 3 of the RHOA Reunion @ 9pm on Bravo?"
best to you too! I'm sure your fellows are stellar!
Okay I quit for the night! Forget this dam paper!
made #ThinkLikeAMan worth seeing 2x! Funny film; good message!
love it when a plan comes together
It took me too long to finally give in and watch the KONY 2012 video. I'm now fully on board. We can make a difference!
Finally gonna see the avengers <33
Freaking Love That Movie. RT )
good tweet...
Wow Dallas needs to pull it together
H-G: Discussant praised modeling, reminded us of the importance of testing archaeologically in the field, "it's what we do"
Nearing the end! Cheers to #FatTuesday! Happy #MardiGras!
Um, dude, you already have a ticket for tonight, don't you?
Me: I like your ass. Austin: what. Me: I said I see that grass. Austin: there is no- Me: have my babies.
Sadly my org is on hold. But would love to connect, regardless!
i really like kenneth faried
today we will be in the pearl if you want a sample of our product. let me know
There is no better way to enjoy a day with family and friends than being on the water. It's time to go boating! Weather is primed for it!
Wondering how accomplished the women of the feel to see their names appear on the big screen for first time.
aye delete my music page for me bruh
I'll argue that his MOH eps were passable, but I guess this gripe is really aimed at his features.
Good morning Villagers! I can see the sun peaking through the trees
“: As soon as we stop worrying, a solution pops up. ~ David DeNotaris” So true!
Talbot coming across the state now too.
just might be the original illest. sry you may have to settle for #fashionELITE haha
lol what i do
tks a lot. I just read it briefly and I think this might help. :)
i oh yeaahh
AT&T criticizes DEMEANING SONG PARODY, PULLS ADVERTISING FROM kdwb rADIO
School = out. Starbucks = in.
Good Morning! In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow--and that is likely to hurt. -Wei Wu Wei Enjoy your day!
Doing some shopping for a washer/dryer and hanging out some...
^.^ you give me butterflies ;)
Frankie Cocozza only it for the girls and fame I don't like him.
Miss Pixie’s Furnishings and Whatnot, 1626 14th St. NW for 5 window dances by DC choreographers. TONIGHT, 4/29 from 6-7 pm.
Just bought a pair of Jordan Retro Ones all white and carbon fiber.
I'm sorry for all the lies all the hurting all the bullshit I've put you through just work with me and see my change and know I'll be by you
So ready for Friday
C's taking me on Tuesday!
Okay this is fucking boring.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Running solo or with someone else? Do you wear a watch, Garmin or anything else like it (ie, smart phone w/ a running app)?
The phone, the phone is ringing...
just got done eatting!
After hearing on you'd think "LAUSD" stood for "lewd acts unified school district".
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Trust me, any dream where I end up pantsless = really weird.
oh yes I did!
Let the record show that I did not partake in the act of consuming cocaine, but maybe certain herbal supplements.
is on He seems just as/more hyped as ever!
That's dumb. Come watch movies with me!
In all of recorded history (with exception of the Aztecs) there has never been a group more dedicated to killing babies than
Game over....back to being curled up with a good book on a chilly Sunday night. Returning to South Padre Island tomorrow.
Stolen: orange Gary Fisher mountain bike. 18" green ID tag on back of frame. If found let me know. Please!
Are you planning a wedding right now? What are your hopes? Fears? We have in studio to answer your questions: 1-877-300-8970!
Shout out to the idiot I ride to work with! You risked our lives and everyone on the road to get us here a whole 5mins early! Dumba**!
Agreed. Shall we end the day with some cow bells?
#LateNightConfessions : I wore a man thong once for my girl on her B-Day.
: This is such a great promo! I love it when authors/publishers give back to readers!
Dear Romney: Maybe I could borrow money from my parents if wages hadn't been stagnant for 30 years. Can you just give me some of yours?
You were talking mad crap on the phone about them.. You say you hate hypocrites you are one..
on it.
The trains are running so slow today.
We bet our money on the horse Totally Tucker, since that is our family dog's name. And we won big at the Kentucky Oaks!
Whoo hoo weighed myself and i lost around 11ish pounds :) so far so good! Text me 304-612-2469
I love my friends :)
Younger places Jacobs on the table and then does a senton splash off the top rope right through the table.
That always happens to me in #TheFloridaKeys. At least It reminds me what sunrise looks like. LOL
Hi, Thanks so much! All the best ;)
I have to agree...I was playing devils advocate there...I hope they beat the snot out of them in the second..playing tough!
Does my fantastic basketball team not interest you?
glad your show went well kitten!
bold statement by the little bro!
Aw thank you :) How was your day
My thoughts today are with those in prison, in mental hospitals, in healthcare facilities. Everyone matters & no one should be left behind.
Rule #2: Take action.
13th Annual Global Gala tonight! #NNIC proud to have First Lady as honorary chair and Lt Gov #Krolicki as keynote speaker. Globalize Nevada!
#sexualcultures : if we want to know about how changing reproductive gender changes families, ask the kids.
Chris Davis. LOL
happy birthday! Wait... Is it your birthday?
Get some. All the cool kids are doing it lol...I got mine from the campaign site
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wendy, blow a ton of Red Cross funds on wild living. Then go nuts on national TV. That'll do it.
I'm convinced the Falcons don't want to win this game
yes everytime u hug me i get a cold smh
Meeting on with Suite 101 at Digital Hollywood tomorrow?
Flying to Indy first thing in the morning, time to nut up or shut up because its going to be colder than hell!
:). I'm going down there next month. How was the trip? I would text you, but I can't.
what a pile of crap
Have you registered for the BIGGEST NEW YEARS PARTY ANYWHERE YET?!?! It is only $20 and first $500 get a FREE T SHIRT!!!...
Happy Holidays to all our fans! 5 Days until Christmas, come and shop with us at Paradise Valley Mall!
I miss reading for fun and leisure.
thank u
IPhone 4's and life on tour, 5 racks for a show what's the price on yours~
oy vay; there goes Gissen going on & on about "things"
"Appetizers" is a misnomer. They should call them fill yourself up before your entree-tizers
people have no respect or any type of professionalism no one was there when I started now that things improved now I c every 1
Hey Chrystal! I use Sony Vegas for most of my editing with the flip. I look forward to seeing your Kodak videos.
Do your best to prevent stress eating. Go for a walk or drink a diet drink to suppress your appetite until you are in a clear frame of mind
PCL: "We want to be a model that empowers communities facing library closings."
whats your favorite song right now? Outta curiosity :-) xx
love your twitcon that's my lock screen!💜😏
"Hyundai’s Elegant and Economical New Elantra."
Good luck to #MarathonMonday runners! Tasty morning treat... Newbury & Back Bay open @ 10am w fresh signature Sweet rolls!
not funny
The iPhone 4 is slowing dying, the new iPhone cant come soon enough.
Davidson pushed! What a wild tournament!
Richard Tillinghast, a #poet, is reading TONIGHT! U of M, 8pm, UC Room 350. Be there or be pinched!
I just signed an email "Rib" instead of "Ron." Imagine the alterego possibilities there!
You're an idiot. What time we leavin tomorrow?
I've been strategically making sure my wife doesn't see previews for #TheLuckyOne only to fail tonight. Now we're going tomorrow.
de-commissioning blue-blinky, my (mostly) trusty WRT54GS router in favor of a dual-band WNDR3700. See you on the other side...
My weekends ruined....
Talking bout Grandpa Fred.Ask if he wants a banana.He eats imaginary bananas, says"I thought it would be under the bed & over with by now."
My eyes literally rolled out of my head.
Can't wait for the Junior League of El Paso, Inc. "A Christmas Fair." Nov. 4-6, 2011
Today as my break started i decided that August is just not going to come. I'm going to take it off the calender.
falling in love with the marimba, remembering Christopher Hitchens.
You're right, is a great example of #ROC's smart workforce! We're happy to see your company doing so well!
I didnt have a surprize for you yesterday either
it's happening ... And we're Gonna have a huge celebration in August to congratulate our victories
i love you too and it is nothing :)
“: Just finished presenting Usergrid Developer Preview at AT&T's #mobileappDFW2 for #apigee” ()
Please follow twitter for the film we are shooting later this year!
$8000 Tax credit for Home Purchases, Lets connect if you have someone you think this may help.
Cotto is winning this fight through 8 rounds! Let's hope he pulls this one out, folks!
Gotta orthodontist appointment 2day. My braces r gonna kill me :(
One of my patrons! RT : Today in 1975, Staten Island native Elizabeth Bayley Seton was canonized as the first American-born saint.
night everyone
Sorry I owe you!
Requested call me maybe, boyfriend, & what makes you beautiful, this Dj better play them. 
Victory belongs to the most persevering ~ Napoleon
can she even do that, like delete her account then get it back, along with all her followers?
And our curriculum integrates theory, aural skills, and keyboard harmony: even in the intro course.
YOU ROCK, thank you so much!!
And I want all of that ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
haha, I was just thinking that bookstore books look naked without call numbers and labels!
Fun night.
Production/Management company fam
right, blame nicki
NOW can the sun sentinel find some space on 1C? Panthers are a fun team. Spread the word. Best thing going on in So Fla
Good morning tweeters
Feel free to wish me a happy mothers day, since I am a mother to two beautiful kitties :)
Excuse me, mr. Officer.
Hope you had a great time! Thank you for coming to
Blasting Justin Bieber in my headphones.
Wearing my sketchers shape ups backwards...not helping either
Crazy Mary's new CD Dreaming In Brilliant Color out soon!!!!!!
EVERYONE follow ! Get him to 2,000 followers asap! (:
well not in the way you'd think, but after our phone convo today you probably get this a little more.
u look madd pretty without makeup
Headed to Pullman Branch Library to attend info session on Chicago Collegiate Charter School, a proposed 4th-12th grade charter school.
power eav'er
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Cant wait to move to Hoboken!!!!!
hell yeah! , high school buddies !
Spanish tutor time
Thanks Mark! Gotta go see what trouble I get get into in Jerusalem tonight.
I have died everyday waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for 1000 years
Exciting things happening.
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
Thank you & for joining us today & supporting !
You can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
Can't believe it's already been a month since the last #SMPR tweetup. Excited to see what's on tonight's agenda!
Not feeling the chemistry test
guess I'll start doing that ASAP cause a pot belly won't be a good look this summer or hell all year LOL
spray tans haha I got the kind that stays all year naturally lucky me we Natives got it like that
I bought a new one at JC Penney just four years ago.
“: Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.” exactly what we said
damnn im already tired.
It's a steve miller kind of day
Aww- thanks gang - miss you too & will give it my best!
#MilkshakeFriday is such a lovely way to start the weekend
I just want to love you~
I'm bout to cry . It's raining hard af outside
no way. Acceptable is @ least 1 TV. The drink specials.def made it easier tho
How are things over there?
“ Still no motivation...”
never heard of it.
thank u again for getting us that full-page in the magazine! lovin it
Being from the USA, I don't completely understand this version of football. Regardless, I hope your team wins
Ayers: scholarship gives us sustainable success that adds to the cultural conversation.
Ahh Let Me Text These People Back !
Had a dream I lost my bestfriend:'( !
If I'm not cooking, or if he is on own for dinner he is happy with PB&J or cereal....every time! NEVER cooks
Flouride works! 1/2 of children entering the first grade today have never had a single cavity, compared with 36% in 1980 and 28% in 1970.
Cant wait for tonight, things are finally lookin up for me :D
Who'd win in a fight between coach Ditka and an earthquake?
I think you tweet the wrong location for today. Love PIERRE
This why I don't gamble :)
i totes just presented and got a 100. TELL ME I'M NOT A WINNER. I DARE YOU.
whats the track name that you showed me t the studio with the deep voice ina back
Seriously!? For how long? I've been dying to try it. Just Tapped: Ham on Rye
Hilarious that an Irish couple used the pseudonyms of Jewish gangsters!
when your toms smell like shit..
Sitting here drinking shitty wine & playing on our iPads like a bunch of jerks. Yep, that was plural.
how long does it usually take to process an order?
Black Ops 2 looks nasty!!!
Looks like it! Anyway, you rocked it in typical style :) Well done!
I hope not...considering you were going to give it away until I saved it
All sorts of interesting questions today! Wording order in hospital codes, Dieulafoy's lesions, videotaping in the delivery room...
Running like there's no tomorrow
I will never give up on you. Thank you for being such a positive impact on my life.
hahaha NO TELLING! :)
did i leave my imac on ipad is in my backpack and iphone is in front of me HOWWW are you doing this ._.
First time on the driving range today #gonnalearngolf #summergoals :)
They'll hate you if you're pretty; they'll hate you if you're not. They'll hate you for what you lack; they'll hate you for what you've got.
Trying to relax, not working that well. Ho-hum.
Are you assuming, Andrew, that he comes in as a DH? If he doesn't, isn't he blocking Reimold?
bummed i missed #libchat this week
Chillin at work bored
yep. For us or docs. Luckily, H's EE numbers are low but then we don't know why she's having stomach aches. Its fun.
lol you know what I mean. Plus its twitter
Happy Friday the 13th! May this day bring you nothing but good luck!
agreed! it's the one on the Hammer & Bolter antho, volume 1. :D
fascinated by debacle... my fellow librarians' naughty bits don't do much for me but i thought we were anti-censorship?
Coach Penn is my baby. #NoBullshit 😉
How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?..
Feeling a little more ready to take on this difficult city and job and phase of life.
Listening to Extol's Burial album right now! :)
lol. Seat was up again... They make a mess in their bathroom and then use ours... No no boys!
I've been cutting and pasting attorney bios for 3 hours, what's your excuse?
nice job men.
Picked up Strength Training Anatomy by Frederic Delavier tonight along with a couple of yoga anatomy books by Ray Long. Knowledge is power.
Long day, good day. Feeling kind of worn at the moment. Looking forward to a fresh day tomorrow.
Happy St Patty's day everyone !! Have fun but please be safe !
team purple owl?
That is AWESOME!
yup....great employment opportunities...but a very "red" state.
yayyy! Good i hope two people drop ut so yhu can go! And yhu beter take #DECA next year, or ima come and beat yhu uhpp!! B ...
Is it becoming an unhealthy obsession?
Happy birthday The Few The Proud!!
Good Luck Ewood Baseball...Get some W's in the NAC tourney
If you are craving a peanut butter, banana and cinnamon sandwich, go to Hit the spot
"If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business."
Going to see Food Inc tonight...can't wait! But FIRST, a yummy Mediterranean dinner. Definitely not after!
Following as he campaigns in Caledonia. Later we'll interview likely opponent John Lehman.
Really? I've never seen it, good call.
Im at Burger King watching people get defeated by a touch screen soda fountain!
it's cool don't worry
Stopped rethinking that noisey neighbor thing... :(
are you at the Mint tonight? If so we should hang out! :)
You're hilarious too!
Join the black parade...
i love it!
You must watch this! Tune in on channel 70 Soul Plane. It's hilarious :))
i really haven't slept since monday.
haha Robs shirt says 'BELIEVE'... I see what ya did there ;)
W preened in front of a premature "Mission Accomplished" banner. Obama actually got bin Laden & critics whine he's bragging.
hey nice blog, check out mysoflo.com , follow us, & let us know if you'd be interested in being a contributor
i 100% believe in what said everone says that they love himbut how do u know if u have never met him
Reminder to self: don't plant marigolds if have allergies/hay fever
How much snow did me peeps get back home in Milwaukee? Someone holler at me and let me know when you get a chance!
gestalt & resistance - don't overcome but embrace
But it's a billion dollar experience.
LOL could very well be. Either way I have a lot of saving to do
I hope enjoyed his time as speaker, I don't think the GOP will choose him again, assuming they retain the majority in Nov.
Don't hesitate to call for last minute trips. We have your #Limo hookup for the best in #Pittsburgh. http://www.ThePittsburghLimo.com
and are hilarious!
I'm loving it, U? I honestly don't remember u 4rm the studio but if says I kno u than I guess I do, lol!
You scratch our back, we'll scratch yours!
Sad day, although I know where your soul lie, there will not be a final good bye, B'cuz I know where your soul fly's R.I.Heaven
Not even remotely. I was referring to Romney's college "pranks".
Pineapple Express is trending, proving once and for all that Thursday is super boring.
did you guys like the new song?!?!? :)
for a moment I thought it was a still shot from the hunger games movie.
I wish I could leave this place.
first 10k! I just finished a 6.15 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Beauty lies in the hands of the beer holder. -Anonymous
I guess it's raining everywhere !!
Thanks for the follows everyone: . We're hoping to get to 1,000 followers soon!
Thinking about replacing dying vintage iPhone with 4GS. But am paralyzed by craziness of plans. Any thoughts re: Sprint/Verizon/AT&T?
1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into #Avengers affairs.
Gonna leave right saw beggining of #Raw .. Cena got fucked up lol
RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night. (Marilyn Monroe)
Off to Santa Cruz to say good bye to
You gave me nothin. Yet your still in my way.
Now that libraries have the ability to #Kindle check out how is that affecting how many ebooks you consume? Is it an easy process for you?
Matthew Old Pal, what was the email about? Beers tonight at the usual place?
Life is good when shit goes as planned and there is no drama.
hahahahaha. they are so cute when they ask that. "where can I find Hunger Games" "In the homes of 30 forward thinking patrons"
just killin time
I'm on my way down now
Congrats on your new location!
Is Mercury in retrograde or something? I can't catch a break. Going to be another wild week...
boi u ah whole fool aye what.new shoes goin hard I knw u knw
Watch us a we grow!! Yes! That's a promise!
Good morning Twitta! Have yourself a fabulous Friday and a great weekend :) <3
At the
Just left Jameel's I miss him. /:
have been vaguely considering making my next laptop a linux one. Will I be able to con you into being my tech support?
But being the intern may call for the former....
YOUNOW in 5 hours but I will be sleeping, I live in London well I send my love to you and do well my bois<333
Thanks for the great mention today!
This is wonderful. RT : "A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us." -- Kafka
Thanks, Tim! Did you attend?
Lead is an Action verb
yeah that's what I'm watching it on!
Make sure you always keep eye contact in meetings. Trust is not established or maintained without it. SeanLetwat
i'm just like jess, fix my computer now, and you tell me to shut it off, so i do but it kept printing -_- #loveyoutoo !
seriously dude..don't diss or me...and learn how to spell U worthless dried cum stain on a flophouse bed!!
potato wedges
Dat one friend u always greet with an insult.... U know who ur are trick....
Weight loss, diabetes, or cholesterol? Check out doctors speak out at www.pgdnews.com. Amazing breakthrough! Interested?(405)751-7777Chase
I love old sings. They take me back, so amazing. :)
The longer I stare at my phone, the longer it's going to stare back at me.
every song every rhyme every word is better with you(music sounds better with you) every day (every day)
Droid in a few days. App is held up in the pandora's box of whatever the hell Apple does to apps. More news soon.
Have you ever thought of doing an all acoustic album? #MTVGaga paws up! (''') (''') xoxo
Been doing a lot of running this week, over 30+ miles. Time for another one!
got ya
Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now. - Napoleon Hill
Must be something, I just misread your tweet as well. I didn't see you said "election" coverage...
I know I have a #1k1hr planned at 10am but I can't get this scene outta my head.
Sorry about that! Did the problem happen again? What version are you using?
What is more dangerous than a nuclear test?.... A North Korean nuclear test.
Wondering what questions we asked? Stay tuned. We'll be posting them.
Anyone in Los Angeles have super-moon viewing plans? Do tell!
Welp. That's unfortunate. Guess it's the price of being awesome?
I scream in my head when I hold my tongue...lol its funny...
AMD consolidates data centre operation with HP networking appliation - Computer Business Review
That's super smart and you don't have to wait until one is in stock to be $8000 lighter.
I like it better when there are two moons. As should you.
baby you summatime fine,
Why would you wear a beanie over a snapback, when it's hot af?
I get bored on non #Brewers game nights... might as well go to bed... Good night everybody.
Hey Valerie--I just did! :-)
I think we are quite desensitized actually. Sad but true.
i love mines too..
Happy Fat Tuesday!
#boston #foursquare tweeps check in to Snowpocalypse 2011 Boston Edition, NYC unlocked the epic swarm badge like it was a joke last night
#undertaker has returned. No better entrance music in the business.
Just realized it's 4:23 in the morning and my news subscriptions/ alerts have yet to introduce themselves to my email box
My boyfriend's love of biking and instagram has gotten serious. It's all he ever talks about or wants to do. Bike and take pictures. Da fuck
Instagram: follow me! I'll follow back!
grandma turns off my Spongebob.. i'm pissed. now i'm being forced to move out >_>
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
what do u mean by that? Awwn thanks a lot :D
Who could deny these butterflies ...
One more tweet and then hitting the sheets... VOTE Tony Lucca! 1-855-864-2303! You have till 10 AM tomorrow!! =)
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 5
Little dog parks are beneath me. Doug is just going to have to
Finally! Let's get some runs for Sabathia!
oh gahh not another juice cleanse “: Got my #peeledchicago juices. Time to #restore and #renew.”
girl, I'd be up 25 so you are good! All that yumminess. I would be powerless :)
is on it this morning!!
Thanks, he will once the outside allergens die down. :) No donut today...
Ditto! RT : - BIG THANKS for being awarded Diversity Supplier of the Year!
WOW! What a powerful idea, eloquently expressed! “: When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. -Ethiopian Proverb”
Crystal duck
Cosentino: Silence is OK as long as you are doing something (calculation, writing, drawing a chart etc)
Who woke up feeling ratchet?
Production wrapped on Tommy Trains MV "If I Die Tomorrow. late Nov/early Dec release!!
can you pick me up a house today? I have to work.
how was harry pot head hahahaaha ?? no really how was it (:
5 charged with selling counterfeit luxury goods - abc27
The universe is more anxious to give you what you want than you are to get it. -Wallace Wattles
Spurs are just too good for the Clippers. Bring on the THUNDA.
RT “: FACT: Going around spamming all of Twitter with your music isn't grinding!!!!”
Ian rapping drake>>
Pretty sure I saw the politician from #TheKilling, he was walking though, so it might not be him
"OMG I was so fat! Ew!" "you're in shape?"
If you haven't picked up your copy of , go to any #barnesandnoble #nationwide today!
haha okay :b
Fargo in March, what could be better.
Oh! No fun to behaving! Ha!
I believe in faith that grows,
was getting nervous Rodgers might be in the jinx finale, but Packer fans got Megatron there instead
Keith & are risking life and limb in old abandoned letterpress shop. I suspect a psycho printer is hiding out, knife in hand.
all these girls in heels are gonna be cryin by the end of today...#dummies #itsaconvention ! wth..
#NP Temple One - World Beyond (Daniel Kandi & Phillip Alpha Remix)
"Never"? Poor choice of words. Money will flow with time to the ideas & the market opportunity. $ & mentorship needed.
Happy #TexasIndependenceDay to all my fellow Texans back home in Austin, as well as those Texas transplants out there!
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm Saturday at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor, Resident Musical goes to... Matthew DeLorenzo, POP,
This is a good way for the show to bring back dead characters, even if it is only for tonight.
it's an accurate depiction of me. They did such a good job with the edit. I was really pleased.
Sounds like an amazingly delicious weekend! We look forward to seeing you!
if you see this tweet will you please follow me thanks :)
To hell with the bad news.
what the what? WHERE?!
not excited for next class. AT ALL!
Small Business Guide to Social Media Marketing
The slightest words you said, have all gone to my head ~
Is flensed.com down? When will it be back?
Creatin' & sellin' ... Sellin' & creatin' ... Thanks to our pal Peter for buying TWO wallettes for the special gals in his life !
Tweet us something
I don't think she would just let everyone do that haha we just weren't able to come in tomorrow
Laser Special: $50 for underarms per session!
Pan but missed it :[
Just completed my first Zumba class with Rachel at the It was no joke. Anyone want to join me next week?
Yeah Buddy :o
Happy birthday !!!
check yours (;
#stm2012 how is the user interaction with content being transformed? Users are people & machines who can add to content experience
Shit gets weird at the cabana
I really hope today goes by fast...
Blasting Paris Hilton & working out. Done with school, forever.
First Fridays??
Tonight cannot come any faster. I'mma disappear from the world, an hideout in La La Land. :P Had to.
whatsup? I will be seeing you this week I believe
all my sisters left with my aunt & i'm alone. & my parents quickly left to their room & locked the door.... hmm.
Watching Titanic!!!!!!!
Just because you change your name doesn't mean you change.
If she didn't start with Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur she is too young for you bro
Day Trip to NY with my 12 yr old daughter to study MOMA & The Guggenheim art offerings is now complete! We had an awesome day!!!
MORGAN. Me and Casey were just talking about how we used to be bestfriends! I miss you.) :
Mercedes Benz : A mechanical device that increases sexual arousal in women.
Yay.. Athletic banquet and turning in books tomorrow.
Remind me not to leave my Mac charger at home and have to buy a new one at DTW.
Most wonderful! Have a great time and congratulations!
All new songs will be 80bpm
On to the 11th
Is she wearing ANY clothes? and yes, I'm referring to the girl in Posner's new video for his cover of 'Wonderwall' Check it!...
Happy to say that I should be at #pintsandpols Sunday.
I'll check the calendar and we'll make it happen. I miss your handsome face.
Happy Tuesday all!
RMFT!!!!“: The Season finale of The Vampire Diaries: #mindblown o.o”
this is why I luff you!!!
A website is a flexible and cost-effective method of advertising. Get yours today!
wrong. Lady gaga > life
thanks for the vote of confidence! #folksthatrockmyworld!
Are you guys doing anything at #PAXEast that relates to SG?
just want to tell you Im watching Percy Jackson and on their quest they go to the Parthenon in Nashville.
i love you.
Ha. RT : Breaking News From Beer: "We are NOT building a new brewery in North Carolina."
I do not look like I'm 22, and I don't appreciate being told that. do young male profs often get told that they look too young to teach? [-]
Yay! Thanks for the shout, !
thanks for stopping in yesterday! We appreciate it.
At pretend city doing a stone soup lesson for the kids!
Pizza, Pottery, and the Radio: Products that sold despite being sold out of a Hut, Barn, and Shack.
video wasn't released, their videographer posted a screenshot on facebook! And I took it from his Facebook....
Just enjoy the show
: and Caden that would brighten my day\or\night <3
If I were a MillerCoors' product, I would be _______________.
I'm going to be checking in the #nepatriots at the hotel I work!
Squirrels scale trees. I just witnessed it.
i should win the free snare because Taylor from endorses you and I want to as well someday but I'm broke right now.
There's an unusual amount of men in the grocery store parking lot, too bad every Sunday isn't mother's day! :)
how are beer prices at Minute Maid park?
Perspective for US drivers: unleaded gasoline costs the equivalent of $8.40/gal in the UK, according to Barclays' Paul Horsnell.
Like the commercial.
3 bowls of special K
HA! RT Every time I call my uncle his ringback tone (or whatever) is Nickelback.I love him, but also hate him. It's so confusing.
you are a speedy man
a. Yes, its obvi a bat. 2. You couldnt do better. D. It was made by a special ed kid with my help. Real nice of you.
Everything you've been through up to now was to prepare you for what God is about to do. Nothing in your life has been wasted.
Just wanted to drop you a line and say hey. I hope you're doing well, Sawyer! :)
Why do things have to be so complicated???
Experience, travel - these are as education in themselves - Euripides
Look at someones face upside down for a long time. It's the funniest thing ever.
i cant find him:( he said we wer gna go watch transformmers:)
Sorry folks, when I say "probably" I mean "could be" - its a possibility not a definite!
Choosing a nailpolish color is the hardest task of all.
Bouta be back at the house with that kill
Speak words of life for your life...!
its not that simple. I cant just go with anybody.lol
Just checked with J, and apparently it's not cool. And K isn't cool with Spartacus (no idea why J likes it so much).
“: #mobwives” Can't even wait.
RT TEMA will be at the Turtle Mountain Brewery in Rio Rancho today between 4:30 and 7:30. Come check out what TEMA has at the brewery!
Follow me please:) (p.s u are really pretty:)
set it up
i was just gonna tell you to, hah
You say all the right things to get me to stay.
So Anderson Cooper just said "cray-cray" in a non-ironic manner. It's like I don't even know him anyomore.
Went for a run this morning. Felt fat and slow and only did 2 miles - still so glad I went! I must be well and truly hooked!
i love the show so it makes sense that it's my fav game, hehehe
You make the magic happen, the magic of Orioles’ Baseball!
ive been singing that all morning. twintelepathy. 😱
Out of curiosity, what a wrong with AGPL and which license would you prefer?
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
I know it's not sticking, but the sight of snow still warms my heart.
It's my birthday! Please tweet me? I would be so happy! :)
you did actually. we were both like, whoa. Steve ACTUALLY RSVP'd. ;)
Bennett: #SDUSD has a 2-percent reserve. "That's four days payroll"
Those chants sound so haunting!!!
oh my i need a haircut :(
I wish I could quit my job
stfu damn u talk to much
Church was good today
I guess so!
just did, doll! (: Always follow back cuz i'm
Oklahoma never ever meant anything to me until now.
Do not understand how #archives can get away w record descriptions WITHOUT A DATE! Really? Not even circa, century?
You're welcome♥..
Not yet. I'm in NO hurry. :) Fine wine & cervezas! I'm looking at the rock right now. What a beauty! Hi mom!
Thanks to for filming the video Saturdy night for our upcoming #Kickstarter campaign Can't wait to see it!
Watching The Who at the Isle of Wight on Palladia. Nice ending to my week.
The backroom/renovated rotation duties are already taxing enough, Meaghan on coffee crack just might push me over the edge :-P
What else can I say? HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
hey stranger, hope all is well...my new phone pulled you up. Technology = amazing!
The whole truth about Buffalo’s avant-garde arts scene
Very Cute!!! I feel a shopping spree coming on.
I feel the need to play by play tweet tonight during #iCarly so I can constantly comment on the boys horrible yet hilarious acting skills.
if Nash is going to not contend for a title, why not do it in Phoenix?
i think i forgot that they are the cubs
Last Night was insane! brought it!
Good plan. I'm sitting on my current WIP to make sure it's something I really believe in before sharing it.
make that 4!
Hope these 75mph wind gusts blow the moths out of town.
"Disgruntled customers tell an average of 11 other people about their bad experience with a company."
I read it on the airplane w my coworker going "what is SO funny??" Awkward. ;-P
And they WERE!
Who's ready to see us jam out at Kick Butt Coffee 2 in the Triangle in Austin, TX?!
no problem. Your family is in my thoughts and prayers. Try not to drink too much, it sounds good but only makes it worse!
We will be closed on Sunday, so hippity hop on over to for Easter Brunch!
my brother is BEYOND annoyingg.
WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ!!!!!
Mention me if you are up right now!
First review in some time. Hard to focus with the little one around. Miss writing though. Missed my beer/baseball/movie posts? Start again?
Oh we're so in. Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Mercy what will become of me, day by day can I turn it around? Maybe carry on just a little bit longer Friend could u try2givewhat I need?
SHOW TONIGHT AT THE RIVERHORSE!!ITS A FUCKIN SHAKEDOWN!
Anyone driving to the loaf tonight? Need a lift, no gear it's already at the mountain.
whoops...that sucks. Hm...I'm kinda pooped. Maybe sometime this week. Tuesday night? And you could dvr Glee for me too?
Someone... Order me pizza! :/
About to get my chonga nails done.
let's do it, when are you free?
It was a great game!
Follow these crazy kidz ": one more thing! Could you RT us so we get more followers?? thanks x"
looks like hw all night
I absolutely love that movie!
Anybody have any plans for this Easter Weekend?
#SHRM11 - check out the crew at SHPS. They are great!!
thatta girl, idk if I can make it out tonight we'll see
s/o to everyone that played the Deucebrand watch giveaway challenge...courtesy of High School Hopefuls...We will continue again tomorrow!
You know you were dancing too ;-)
happy birthday to 😘💜🎉
Suddenly comprehended the amount of req. reading I have to fit in around my pleasure reading in the next week
Another progressive day! Woot Woot! Big Thanks to and all his hard work! Now time for some well needed sleep! -_-
"Democratization of research" - residents influence subject matter of research, researchers train citizens to help collect & analyze data.
I avoid U
My stomach hurts :/ 😞
On a side note, i really hate having gym everyday
Dang... on the way to relax and got booted. lol..
Treat you mother special on this lovely day with a iced Raspberry Green tea and a Roasted Pepper Salad.
People be worried bout the wrong things .
I'm an african american girl (insider) #oomf knows what I'm talking about lol
cooking dinner to astronaut. Still love listening to a whole album. And this one is so much fun. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow. We'll let our residents know about your events!
I have tried to figure out how to share my Evernote, but have been unsuccessful. Can you help me?
this is so not fair
Ryan, Thanks for the support. Trying to inspire people to make better choices
Go for a Ride Day! "Buy the ticket, take the ride."---Hunter S. Thompson. Never cooked a whole turkey before, bought it and we'll see! :)
great sportsmanship
I'm not willing to acknowledge any suggestion that Barnes' HR is a result of our conversation, so don't even try it.
#LOOOOOOOOOOOGAAAAAAAAN !!!!! I LOVE YOU!!! #followback ?? Prettyplease with whip cream and a cherry on topp??
UCF Book Festival today! Really excited to see , , and , among others.
gutsy profile pic.. The real rainn.
That moment when your mom doesn't let you go to the mall for her mothers day gift. Uhmmm....
Welcome aboard
conveniently they put a crazy hot mom on there so nursing looks cool...which it is...haven't read the article yet though
Probably for the best.
very cold ah
Your not famous until south park makes fun of you
thanks chazz, you get the run in the begining down ?
#vampirediaries Um, these are really supposed to be high school kids? WTF?
Computer glitch may have gummed up second part-time job. Not happy at all.
The night is young...
Il always be here I hope that person knows that I'm just waiting for that phone call 😢😞💔
Congratulations to all of the Trojans graduating today!!!!!!
RT : G9 goes to ! CONGRATS Helen!
Who the hell is Tavon Wilson? I think Bill forgot he didnt trade down this year!
the continued War on Gays (LGBT's). except we've cn this 4 yrs. wrse now seems?
actually one of my favorite combos is maroon top on white pants.
still got polson lol... And that sounds like a dream team
Been with my boy al day. <3
Finally got to see 's Space Bound video. I loved it start to finish. A true work of art. Thank god him killing himself wasn't real.
Imma need you to follow me back... pretty please...^.^
CITY!!!! championship time. Let's go!!
Oh god, I'm talking to myself on twitter again.
I checked today for tickets. There are none. Obvi.
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!
tell em' how u really feel... Lol
Thanks so much!! Rock on!!
i wish i could fall back asleep.... and wake up two weeks from now
That. Is. Awesome.
7 hour sound system run through today. Amazing day! My trombone was so loud it chased the guitar player off of the platform.
AUS-PDX nonstop on southwest? I feel like a lot of long-distance hipster romances just got less sarcastic
The morgue the merrier.
work - busy! Schedule optimization class - challenging! Volleyball - new season picking up {stay away rain!}. Life is OK.
At #GateB52 #NewarkAirport #asshole chatting very loudly on his cell phone about his dairy intolerance
I know I want to watch it again too.
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game was 30 seconds ago!
Ekso&#39;s Exoskeletons Let Paraplegics Walk, Will Anyone Actually Wear One?
Firehouse is turning a 3day weekend into a 4day one! Daydrinking, nighttime, AND afterhours?? If you make all three, shots are on me!
Ok if u can't follow me I'm not gonna follow u I guess I'm suppose to make u look good
whole record tuned half step down. That track is dadadd
says if a person lives independently & deletes his twiter acount wont get any info. After a week hell b like "wats a microwave?"
RT : I would think that it's not so much how much they lost but how they lost it.
Me too :( miss you guys.
Excited for tomorrow… the day before the Masters!!
>_> Shhhhh , They Might Be Listening
No more ring tones nun but that android music lol
#HowToGetRejected show up in fake Timbs.
We hit the studio this May!
Hey Alex, thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Two QPR players go for a header and no Spurs players go for it, you can tell who wants it more.
"Pushy" #puppies are frequently dominant, shy ones may be nervous. It’s good to aim for a temperament somewhere in the middle
In #MKE Jan ends as 14th warmest on record,this after Dec was 11th warmest. Mild wx continues into Feb with highs in the 40's thru Fri
thanks!! :D
yikes. that may suck, but i did a road race in indiana that was surprisingly hilly. do you think you can do it?
Rain, wind, and a general purging of all that was weak in our trees: blossoms, branches, and leaves.
(Same Question) Who are you? (wait I know) Just some Hoe on Twitter! Baby you flatter yourself way too much! Im happy unknown!
Haaaahhhaaaa **Weezy Laugh** -- What I look like? N if it ain't money .. Then I don't look right
At the Hard Rock
sweet!! Thanks man
This is another good one! “: We want to improve society by enabling people to thrive in the Idea Age. #iplan”
I need sleep
#DidYouKnow 18% of children in the United States are obese?
honey, that's not even possible :)
": If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are - Lemmy #Music"
I want 2 b n the gym I want in now ( Damnding ).....
You should date me because, yolo.
come on now
working on new tune so stay locked
without mood, and it doesnt mean anything
who is the poser you are talking about ???
Why not??? That sounds delicious!
I really hope no one actually buys their kids "kids bop" cd's
>> about the money but team work, making history, & support! Geez! Ppl so greedy these day's..Smh
What the hell was that!.... UFC .. So what if his last name is Gracie!
lol...yea i b cuttin up!
._. i'll trade places with you. but the only good thing about it being three weeks is i graduate after that.
Thank you so much for your support!
This summer I plan to go to one of Justins concerts on Believe tour & meet him.. <33 #NeverSayNever♥
my hair needs to be a lot longer, and it has to be when im ready to lose all of my hair cause I'll have to shave them off. :P
What would you say if i told you i loved you ??
That's her job. Sometimes I think she's a liberal in disguise to make conservatives look bad.
My inflight entertainment from Dallas - Toronto featured on 30Rock.
There's no future in time travel.
The pen is a paintbrush. "The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal." -
the REUBEN OMLET is waiting for you! Stuffed w/ kraut & fresh Corned Beef! Served w/ Potatoes O'Brien, you'll speaking Gaelic by noon.
I don't think d rose got it in em tho... Durant ready to take that step tho
Apparently too much to hope that the word "sconnie" would just gracefully pass from the lexicon into sweet obscurity...?
Oh geeze I bet you would love this show. I hate it but I know you would love it
An office to themselves.
Rom. 12:2 - the renewed mind sees reality from a different perspective - heaven toward earth.
getting something to eat you?. (:
go to sleep.
ur clearly delusional thinkin ull beat me in nhl, maybe madden but I dout it,
man, i love you
that's the coolest thing I've ever seen!
what's up?
Thanks so much to however hacked me. Finally back to Twitter after 3 months!
huge road trip friday! im excited. a little nervous.
Thanks for the follow. We'd love for you guys to come and do a Kink Live shoot at FetFest2012 and recruit some new models!
the first one will be up tom am
what type of song do you want? i have a dancey, love, chill, energetic & touching. the most ready 1 i have is love btw
Started buying them with skin on last year. Never turning back.
MOM please buy me a ticket!!!! will SELL OUT i have to see everyone loves them. No Ticket. No Happiness #TEAR :'(
It was brought to our attention the comment feature on the website wasn't working, it has now been fixed, so comment away! How y'all like it
Tomorrow night at 11. I know, late, but it's always a good time.
are you guys coming to dallas? i cant see the tour poster on my phone.. :/
Ahh. Just got outta the shower. I feel and smell god.
The hunger bro 😭
I guess it's some elliot with one t that's making breakfast for yall
W.E.E.D Where Every Eyes Drop
they got there mother fucking hands high that fake shit is barely breathing.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
I know who and who not to look out for when money rolls in based on who stays true and loyal to me... SO FAKE MFers GTFO MY FACE HMMP!
next stop..ichiro
I spoke too soon... They faked me out, jerkfaces. Garrrr...
we have her on our way
You have no idea. Legit. Passin out ova heeerrrreee!!! Those. Arms. Him in general!! I'm saving that...... 😏😍
Mt. summit, right? ;)
Any food vendors in Austin want to bring a trailer to a 2-day event at Festival Beach March 3 & 4?
HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY RT !!!!!!!!!
Learning a huge lesson this month: i'm terrible at estimating the time it takes me to complete a project
Of course! Europe won't know what hit it :)
Kate Ellis Counseling and Cancer Services - Kate Ellis Counseling offers: -Complete cancer counseling services, with your convenience...
Camel milk is starting to become a popular trend, camel toes however never go out of style
I Get There & Then It's Time To Bring Irish Hip Hop From There To Here In The States. It's Going To Be HUGE
I just had to decline your open house and it made me so sad :( I'll be on vacation
too much time on my hands
#BELIEVE is going to be the best album yet! #exctiedtweet!
Biz op in Oklahoma City! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Lol so noted!
It's gonna be a nice day today, I'd love to take Bentley walking.
Blackberry smackberry, let me find my friends!!!
do you make your own?
same to you.
haha sometimes mine comes out a little bit but it's like full on in the summer.
New Twitter handle:
When I do my Legal Writing homework, I always like to think that I'm Alicia Florrick
any plans to offer a "free plan" instead of all paid?
Some life changes have taken effect and a ____cast replacement (from us at least) is looking pretty sketchy.
I followed you when you 2 million less than that. <3 Always love you.
Doing great here! Take care!
Want to win FREE movie passes to Studio Movie Grill? Follow them at They're giving away a ton of free tickets on twitter!
Welcome to our new followers!
I need someone to talk to.... :'(
Whhhaaaaaaaa! Mes need to feel better!
casting frontier -agent?
Haha someone just threw me a piece of candy wow what a dumbfuck XD
Congrats & on your runs today!
Waiting for my man :-) He's stuck on a plane that overshot the gate by 3". Random! (@ Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA))
Pouring over tons of bouillabaisse recipes...
25% of people check into work hourly while on vacation, via email and phone
favorite love song L.O.V.E by jessie j
getting some good boomers here now... think a cell formed directly overhead just now
#thatawkwardmoment where you have like 3 blonde moments in a row.
same with my brother, he doesnt like to hangout with friends he just like to stay here and bother me :(
Unfollowing a few social media 'experts.' Rule #1: Don't oversaturate someone's Twitter feed, especially on a Friday.
Orientation on Wednesday!! ^_^
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEE!!!
we drive anywhere
Watching moderate a panel on digital innovation. Interesting points on patent reform, #makers movements.
In the future, all creative writing classes will be taught by skateboarders who spent their years in high school feeling girls up. Oh, wait.
MADONNA says Midwestern girl dream to perform in #indy #SB46!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
People tell me slow my roll, I'm screaming out "Fuck that!"
Ridiculousness is the clean version of Tosh.0
I'm actually okay with the fact that we don't talk anymore.
A GIRL WILL RUN HER MOUTH, ONLY OUT OF SPITE
When something good almost never happens.
Fab Design Tip: Use flat paint in an area where you don't have much traffic.
Damn it's humid!
for how bitter-hoppy palate wrecker is, its actually enjoyable..
happy Friday grasshopper! Hoping you'll make it to Dallas!!
Thanks. There's so much to learn really fast but I think it's going ok so far :)
hahaha that actually meant to go on my twitter!... whats that your ugly? Ryan is beautiful!
Stop in this Friday and see 5 Card Studs! Doors open at 9, and they start playing at 10! We have $3.50 Stoli drinks for ladies, $4 skyy...
It's funny how EVERY girl think THEY have the best boyfriend lol sure u do
Norwegian Cruise Line Announce there Biggest 3 in 1 Sale!
You guys have to make hard decisions and you often look like the bad guys but I think you do a great job.
T-Minus 2.5 hours till vacation begins
Last name everything, First name hate.
OKC and #SeattleSonics --same franchise, wrong team
Love your quote ! RT LIVE it. LOVEit. kill FOR IT,. FUCK! what everyone thinks. ^_~..
You ran over my foot, GeeThx
Saw your great Pinterest video on Yahoo! Can we send you the demo site for It would be great for Upgrade Your Life.
Hip hop and boot Kamp class today don't miss it come over and join join join see you there
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What does your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b focused.
The weather is so nice today, I feel like Solsbury Hill by Peter Gabriel should be playing everywhere.
lol man I get that.
Truly need a road trip to Disney land :)
Either way, go no less than 2100mAh, my 1500mAh Mophie Air didn't last a whole WWDC day last year.
Whoa, what?
McFerran Falcon Step Team is all dat
“: Butterflies? I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when I see you.”
You kinda get used to people calling you 'A-HA' or 'AD-JA' or 'A-JUH' but whatever.
jealous!!! XO
Thunderstorms > Not Thunderstorms
Now, you're just somebody I used to know.
You can be fooled by a beautiful face never by a beautiful heart.
you say 'quick'; how quick is the WEIA index? Will it be conducted annually? How long does the survey process take?
Wow another great finish...go
": Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions."
Hey Dear, yes!!:) I can't stop eating it... I put it omn everything now..:) How are you?
Sheet Metal Hole | Band Saws and Bits
i heart #redtube cuming from a movie fan..
Sweet. If I end up on an endless repeat of Process of Weeding Out cuts, I'm blaming you.
Yes. We go to first period first.
Fuckin two bad bitches at the same damn time
Sitting down with Bryce Button of live at The Pulse on NAB Show Studio ....bit.ly/nablive
Thanks for the shout out, !
we sure left our mark on it .. it sure left its mark on us .. like tattoos on this town <3
I want to go for a Jog haven't been in like 4days.
I'm sure they would love to have you over!!!!!
WCG is hiding a #geocache somewhere in PDX First to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band and go to the show Nov 11
my tuesdays and thursdays are nothing to complain about because your at work making me laugh....lol
is it weird that I'm jealous of your dream?
Is anyone else bothered when a writer drops the "Section" in front of "508 compliance"? Is it just me?
#tevez looks more like a monkey than
“: We have to start being honest with each other.” honestly I think you are a dear and I agree!
Got a clean bill of health!
#FIFA #WorldCup Got Weekend Plans? Change 'em! 11:30 am Sat: USA vs. Ghana 07:00 am Sun: England vs. Germany
Wait, what? The Chili Peppers are playing Summerfest? When did they announce that?
hm ill go for the WWE tittle then
Are you freaking kidding me?!
I love how me and are on twitter in class :P we're cool lol oh and i <3 u ;)
If I had to go potty so bad I couldn't hold it I might squat in a bush. Never on a public street and never take a pic! did both.
What was the first song you guys wrote?
Can't wait to get back in this bed!! Work time. Ugh. No bike :(
Picking up my sweet rental car. Lol
"They can only get a partial but we're going to get a full expression of the anal gland."
Linh Dinh: "Ginsberg, Ginsberg was important to his time. And Dylan! Dylan."
My life is so simple and boring.
See she's there !!
Win autographered copies of 's Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection CD all night with !!
Why no 'Political' category?
thanks for feedback - we r working on refining our pitch - but for now u can use our service to send voicemail to any twitter user
Welcome back #overtaking #racing #excitement China Formula 1 race was epic. Repeat of Fangio's 1955 pole position was a great Mercedes omen!
Looks like an #Instagram battle between and
haha yes :P
And you ripped on me! #FreshmanStatus :)
Second teaser?
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.”
Season 2 of starts tonight... Sweet!
RIP Junior Seau
but it should be green! Or at least taste of whiskey.
Friendships can be rebuilt after a dispute but will never be as strong as before.
So excited to wish a Happy 21st Birthday that I'm using EST. Happy Birthday! Looking forward to sharing a beer soon!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Oh hey! Thanks so much, love! I'll have to fill you in on all the deets soon!
This has been the cruelest 15 mins of baseball I've ever endured.
Waiting for RJ to get the eff up so we can make & enjoy a big ass breakfast
Loved his speech! Very inspiring.
i had the worst weekend ever ! but staying with my freind jordynn for a while :)
Aw, having a bad day?? I hope it gets better for ya :(
The EuroConnect was delighted to be a 2012 sponsor! >RT Figures show #MSPIFF box office up 10 percent over 2011.
Mom wants Champagne and Pinot! We're open til 5 today in Carlton...
Living the story of a love that i lost...
Shows only $15. Get to jax beach. Seven super rad bands left. Please come hang!
Have NOT set an alarm ALL WEEK!! FABULOUS!!
#thingswedowhilestudying think why we are not studying
As a Wisconsin transplant who despises the Vikings, what does this mean as a MN taxpayer?
My hair is long enough and I've always wanted them RT : LOL! Yeah let me know how that works out for you !
Email us with the details and we might be able to do it but you'd have to probably pay for faster shipping.
Oh That's Yo Girl I Be Had Her But When I'm Done You Can Have Her Back.
Follow up to the ear bud story...Pen cap hit the rim of my cup. Need to get out of here!
Getting hit on by a guy with a swastika (sp) tattoo on the back of his neck and hand.
I actually did it the other day because I hardly ever write in cursive. It didn't look too well. 👎
Problem at work weighing on me - losing two days to snow and cold this week doesn't help.
I also follow candie. Candie follows me. Austin follows candie. Candie RTs me. Austin sees my tweets two(:
“: To be appearing in a Mary Brooks Beatty campaign ad this fall.” Hey! No steering!
okay yeah! Cuz these will sell out really fast:
Doing pretty good in the mega. Down to 4 tables. Pays 1 table.
Here's a question for everyone... How many tweets in a day are too many?
Need to stop looking for love and just love god and real love will find me.
Row 500 Won the Day! Bringin' it Saturday!
Shout to my new followers thanks for support Clown House Ent.
Psssssh, no way!
How much cocaine do they pay Michael Irvine as a salary to be on NFL Network?
Didn't get to see Memphis play much on tv during the reg season.. Now that I'm gettin a chance to watch em.. Deez boys is the truth
Somewhere Only We Know-Keane
-.- Your on MSN but not on here ? I don't like this thing anymore it's annoying haha I might delete it
nice where at?
Mini milestones making me happy at the moment.
Powerful message today. I'm going to "Deal w/ it" this week. I'll be more of a "David", & less of a "Saul".
it says I'm supposed to be a book reading a book
YouTube is the second largest search engine after google
how could NYU reject him? I mean he is a pretty bitch
The reality is that #dogs do really well on rules, boundaries, and other similar forms of discipline that are not forceful
Hey where are you headed to now???
waiting for you to talk to me.
#ShitHeatFansSay “: Phone dyin., not charging it either”
thx!! I found level 1 class thru upledger inst in may for 4 days. I think I'm going to try since it is local :)
Love to love
She's blessed to have a friend like you. You did your part. It's on Teresa now.
thanks for the kind intro, Kevin.
The dude abides and he is Gritty. Truly gritty.
"I wanna see you Parallel Park It, I got the keys to get you started" Everyone needs to download this fuckin jam!!
I'm so excited for #NewGirl with Zooey Deschanel to start! And #PanAm!
STRAIGHT DEVIANCY DUDE. MY POLITICAL CAREER WOULD BE RUINED
wow Gil Arenas really has fallen off huh? Bet he'd take a multi-year contract from #Milwaukee now lol
Check this out.
Oh yeah, is it a website or was it a live thing? Where can I see it?
Happy Birthday, Milwaukee!! How are you celebrating our City's 166th Birthday?
Sometimes life gives you lemons,but what do you do if you don't like lemonade??? :P
If we lived closer, we would be married with like 6 kids by now lol :)
Lol "fuck a goat!" Such a weird insult
perfect role for him.
“: your new pics are good!” thank you!
I agree! That's my difficult spot also, appreciating the right now
making cookies ,
The Avengers was too dope.
...Because don't need movies to bring in the dough! Love, Little Monster <3
Faried is earning his fouls
heard you on today! Congrats on the non-smoking campaign!
You think I'm kidding but I'M NOT OMG YOU'LL SEE IMMA CRY SO HARD
I know bro but toren is a bitch i can't log into db or my email im fucking Pisssed of!
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I'm a nerd.
what!? What happened lol
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I DON'T LIKE!
Pippin is exhausted and snoozing now.This kind of day is rough on old guy.Hope he sleeps through the any excitement.
I wish I could help her. She's so far. I would have loved to visit her, and be there for her. D;
PLEASE DO PEYTON!!! ID LOVE TO MEET YOU!!
If you're on , our upcoming YA books VODNÍK and CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF from our imprint are now up in the catalog!
": Those Text Messages That You NEVER Want To Erase >>>"
I just want what I can't have
The mall is closed, so come visit Sarah and Nick. They will warm you up real nice. Figuratively, of course.
we don't live in Mexico#Dramatic -__- .. We can be stylish/hip old maids. We drink we work great social life etc
I did 13 days young it is B-)
WILL YOU JUST GIVE IT A REST ALREADY?! RT : I most want to thank for helping me be brave.
thanks 4 the mention
is that an idea?
curiosity yes! when washed overboard, take some clues from the sky and start swimming. Don't just traf water.
I like your dog! We have a boston terrier who has us trained pretty well! LOL He lets us know when he wants to play.
Yes, it is. You should OPENLY wish it. RT : Is it wrong that a 45-year-old woman secretly wishes she was a drummer in a rock band?
The video game Battlefield 3 has the song "99 Problems" onthe commercial. Im guessing 'bitches' arent the source of a lot of gamers problems
RT : The #ReStore, sponsored by #Habitat is always looking for donations! Drop by anytime with old appliances, furniture, or...
Chris Webber looks like he's had a hard ass life. Damn.
Need a "co-organizer" for my gotowebinars while I speak, maybe record them too. Monthly at 4pm EST. Not rocket science. If interested,...
one last thing. Scotty, James, Casey. best and hottest idol performance. night!!!!
psyched to go home for the weekend. lil sis is graduating and i haven't seen a michigan tree since february. ..and it was barren.
RT Fetish Houston this Thursday!!
Braun with the trifecta 3 home runs tonight! Good to see him smiling as he runs around the bases.
you goin to university of Memphis
On my way to (hopefully) sunny Budapest to shoot some video..
I was fskw cause I was the only one that aint have it.
I love taking road trips for music festivals visiting cities ontheway, the new people we meet, the unpredictable weather and ...
Lol the "wowreally" to bad that's my moms
RT : RT : My Biggest Fear is losing My Mother
Thank you for the follow. We write about Web Hosting for the WHIR -- Web Host Industry Review.
Writing a story! And im on chap 4 already :)
awe (: well I'm happy for you!!!!
m, 5 more minutes
There were more than 200 articles and op-eds published in 2011 in defense of
Let me know. We have a nice place to feature such a thing.
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
rose are red violets are blue one out of a million boyz and i choose take your hand hold it colse show you tht i love you most<3
you are welcome Moira!! You're going to love it!
Jason and I just use a shared Google calendar
Q was shaking too hard lmao
Dude, do a real show sometime...
Buck Funting strikes again. #stopbunting And Izturis can be cut any day now. Too many mistakes with his very limited skillset.
I'm declaring to you all "The Heaven's R Open" now if u know God its established if u believe His Prophet' s u shall prosper!
Not a fan of Gist?
wow, guess I need to follow to keep up with these things - thanks! :)
Rumors are spreading in the Continental Army camp in Boston that the British may be preparing for an attack.
Thank you for following!
Awe, thank you!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 39
Thanks to for an amazing presentation!
one of those Ls was the first round overtime loss to byu and jimmer.
I should get some sleep!! 3:15am Goodnight yall, i may tweet throughout the rest of the night!!
Oh okay well what u waiting on? Lol also do u have the iPhone 4?
I'm 60 and I know it. -Madonna
A mega thank you from Champions Against Bullying.
What about Bob Saget?
u r so much better than coffee
your sexy
Setting up some exciting new plays behind the scenes to launch July 1st. More soon.
Happy 4th!!! I wanna hot dog.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
They feel like my last words.
Thrilled to see Christian S-S in Philadelphia!
Im home today. no work! Where are ya at
: Ha! "father forgive my friend she knows not what she says..." Lolol
Go Riteway has just signed onto #WellCity #Milwaukee. Wellness programs for bus drivers. Great.
Thanks Jim Green... you're an AMAZING speaker.
string cheese?
I cant lie....Im definitely leaning more towards terrified!! lol.
#NowPlaying Keep Me In Mind by Zac Brown Band from You Get What You Give (Deluxe)
I am playing
only if YELLING BILL comes along.
you know has no idea who brett favre is.
Take notice that changed his twitter name to and changed his to !!
Hi! We are here in Westlake at #TMTDU with Looking forward to our slumber party tomorrow night! cc
This is worst on field celebration i've ever seen After a title game
Gotye sane mixes are so weird to me...
It got even kreepier...her name was Karla. So funny!
love your recent newsletter!
Wow... you predicted 45-40, Missed it by 2 points? Did you have Chip Kelly's playbook?
true. A multiple offender too? This guy needs to be taught a lesson. If Haynesworth got 5, Suh gets more.
