WE GOT SAVED!!!!
I don't use RSS either, I use Google alerts, flipboard on my iPad or go directly to the site I want info from.
I am being positive only when people mess up my food order I act out. They forgot my avocado and my tortilla. Que Vida tengo! :(
desktop is moving wayy to slow!.
relatively close game. I'm thinking home crowd was the difference maker. See you in the playoffs. :-)
Why the f*** isn't my blacklisted app working???
How could I not?
do you think prices will stay at this level for a few more years?
thank you for #FF friends! ( ) much appreciated :)
Roy Williams left Kansas on probation. LOL
I guess that was sort of the Memento version of the day. Sans Joey Pants. Now... Where's the gin?
The Queen prefers a king sized bed. Off with your head.
@ school my head hurts a lil
Found my phone case
Yup, down on the main floor this time. Enjoy!
My pleasure :)
WHERE IS THIS BUS?? No excuse ! There's no traffic!
i love to hit it backwards call it piglatin
Getting ready for some Steinshouer challenge workout time
Answering emails on a Sunday is much more pleasant in a coffee shop, watching kids, yogis, couples, wander down mt pleasant street.
I can use all ur problems -even huge 1s- 2 train u in trusting Me. Let Me use My creativity 2 weave ur choices- in2 sumthing beautiful. -God
you could write a book with that title
Thanks! RT : Congratulations to and the Boston Pops on their concert in Kentucky! Can't wait [for] Holiday Pops!
Almost as long as you've been doing Wordpress :)
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Whew. Just got back from my uber ride. Seriously one of the best rides ever. Kicking myself I didn't run my #Endomondo!
Damn food stamps save lives y'all
happy birthday!!!
And we love you
belly dancing sexy!!!!!!!!
Zooming through Phoenix on my way to #il2011... Another max-full flight, oh goodie.
this is only one of many pieces of horrifying anti-women news today. scary.
who u rooting for #Game7 #InTime ps movie looks great, can't wait to see it!
Watching the pit crew challenge also on
Today I learned that quite a few people still use the term "teetotaler". Thought that died out with the end of prohibition.
Yeah screw you. I don't even know who the fuck you are anymore. Done
1 DAY LEFT PEOPLE. ONE. FUCKING. DAY. 16 HOURS AND 52 MINUTES. GSAHGSVVHSBJ OH MY GOD
My dad is cray.
but we want you here :c
If you need a vocalist, email me at
Hey Steve take a gamble and send me to Vegas
The second you stop chasing them, is the second they start chasing you.
Excited to try the creations from the chefs Slopes Dining Room at #FlavorsofWestmoreland on Sunday!!
you know its true
We've got plenty! :) RT : Not being sexist but this is a first for me... a female taxi driver.
Ready to fucking go
hey do u by chance know how much the red out t shirts cost
We are here at the Milpitas Farmers Market at the Indian Center serving our #Salmon and
"Lames catch feelings, we catch flights.. locate ya lighters, you should be rolling up by now.. Yeehhh fool" #thestonedimmaculate #Curren$y
Wayfair customers that come to their website from Pinterest have a 70% larger ticket than those from other social sites.
RT : No studs just two bad bitches!
Oh my God & Mr Long is all pissed off & grouchy & I failed the AP Lit test for sure & I have to work tonight.
paul pops into mine!!
that's a great picture dude
Nope, common sense dose not come natural!!
Americans not keen on paying for Medicare reforms - Latest ...
Just added Grammy Award winning, platinum selling producer "ROCK WILDER" to our Nov 29 unsigned artist showcase @ Club Pyramid, NYC!
Can you believe it was more than 20 years ago that the Junkyard Dog and Freebird Michael Hayes met in their historic Superdome match?
That was a fun role to play. And a great show to be in. :-)
So now I'm down to just del.icio.us and Twitter... Of course I'm a bit of a control freak and like my web with some editorial content...
It's a hot ass day
I really hope that Christina treats Justin better today cause I really don't wanna hate her. Im still her fan.
Is it Total Recall time???
Stole My Heart ♥
We don't deserve Nuttin from our Father God but we get it. I don't really like ministering on the stage to much, it's cool but I rather
taking bre to get her hair cut.
SISTER SPIT is at Chicago's Wicker Park Art Center April 14th! One of only two shows with both Dorothy Allison AND Justin Bond!
WTF do i pay A for? I will be on twitter while some douche fixes my flat. Slip him a 20 for dinner and on my way.
Won 3rd place Critics Choice at Souper Bowl today. Sorry about the earlier tweet saying it was tomorrow. SoMe scheduling snafu!
Such a boring Saturday night
Texas hurt, I'll admit it. But the season is long and what are a few pitching problems?
I NEED TO TALK TO U ASAP
WHICH SECTION ARE YOU
chair then fell on my butt >.<
its ok! I screwed up my frat one :/
My big brothers birthday is tomorrow
Relationshit will have lots of fights
Thank you to our latest charity partners: All Families Youth Center, USA Cricket Coaches and Central Florida Cricket Associations
Niners win and Better New Year's. Good Saturday!
Try 's Mirror Pond Pale Ale or Inversion IPA.
oh yeah I forgot.. The lil homie lol I would but I gotta go to work.
Enjoy life, love, freedom, and challenge with passion... Embrace your blessings...and grow with the times...stay relevant to purpose!
Alright heading out for 1st thursday. I could use a drink. Plus lots of good shows going tonight. otsuya@ coumpound, and Luck 1 at Berbatis
these cyphers been weak... so far Busta and Luda the only ones that killed it in my opinion
Who else gets the nails on chalkboard chills when licking an envelope?
Uhg. This is so STUPID. Grown ass women. Wth. This Sarah chick would have her ass beat by now at my bowling party. Jessayin.
Steve Coulter is dancing with my mom. Mother dancer.
he says ones who "follow their rules for high standards"
WHAT IS REAL LOVE
yes but there are so few people here I can stand. Hoping for some geography/twitter overlap :0)
Hey how would you re-style the #NASA astronauts for a pre-launch press conference? cc
I think it's the whole doing it on the field thing.
#FunFactAboutMe : I've never been on a train in my life!!! :P Yup! Crazy huh? Haha (: xx <3
After flying over 10 hours with Delta I'll never cheat on you again
LOLCats actually started in 1905.. (what?).. Ben shares a photo with caption from that era
U RULE THE TV WORLD WITH YOUR SEXINESS :)$
I own her heart, and her mind, and the shirt she slept in.
My Justin poster fell off the wall... And of corse it HAD to be the one on the top of the wall... I have to find something to stand on! :D
Nederlander is a genius. Priscilla Queen of the Desert is fantastic. Never seen so much singing & dancing on stage & in theatre. Great show!
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
I will
I'm playing at Antone's in Austin, TX tomorrow night (Dec.1)! Show is 11p-12a - hope to see ya there!
This video chat is making me so happy right now <3
no you don't.
I wish it would rain and wash away some of this pollen... I'm sick of this crap!!!!
Thank you! It was fun & I'm glad I did it. Happy New Year!
Twitter PLEASE help Justin
Thanks to all the fans for coming out to the Fresh Coast Classic. Congratulations to Bowie State for winning!
All day Incubus on
Although I AM GLAD for the public awareness Jenny has brought I don't fully buy all of her ideas
I'm not scared of many people, but Big Ange from Mob Wives is on the list.
Liver Detox with food: Ginger helps liver enzymes by protecting them
This headache is going ham on me shit 😣
Is everyone surviving their Monday?
Ann Arbor Pioneer High School?
Luntz is a worthless, rug wearing slob in a shitty, cheap suit. Total loser, with a face for radio.
. Can't wait. We should go #ziplining afterward.
#nowplaying Bigmouth strikes again - The Smiths
r the Aka's interested in hosting ladies night this year? Same thing as last year. On fri April 13th let me know soon. Thx
Did anyone record
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you. ~ Adlai E. Stevenson
met with Dr.Werner from Lake View High School -- big plans for this school!
That sounds about right!
We are now opening up for the group to ask any questions from our chat tonight.
...I'm a fan of both, by the way. Don't hate.
RT if ur imaginary boyfriend is British, Irish, or 1/8 Belgian =)
Come Fuck my face please
to be shipped to an Iconic Boy :D
Pathetic. got burgled this weekend!?! Apparently more than $3,000 in tools/construction eqpmt was swiped from the rooftop deck.
Happy 93rd Birthday, Madiba! I love you very much.
yoo text me gotta talk to you kiddo :*
If you haven't had the opportunity to check out the new Actor's Intensive website, please visit us @ www.actorsintensive.com
Let's get drunk ^_^
Thank you! I had fun and thought audience was great. ": Great presentation on social media #gaea "
We are sitting in Atlanta, GA waiting for a laod. It's cold and I'm so bored. We need to be moving so we can make some money. Trucking sucks
Birdman? Child porn? Par for the course...
Confident that I wouldn't have made it here today without my friends looking out for me. Thanks #TeamHank!
It's going to be a good serious 4sho. I also think SA may give OKC a battle too.
Gonna go check out some good friends play jazz tonight at the Landshark bar.
i didnt do consumer ed. yolo.
no affiliation. I just find some great stuff on there that often align with my thinking. Glad you are enjoying them.
i need some shoes to fill my feddish
yeah... but that was a rather funny drew scenario!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article!
Sure. I don't have a summer break, but ya, if you come on a weekend that I'm off, sure.
I quit drinking at least once a week smh
you deserve that AND a bonus! :)
I'm still humming along to #newsies. When are we going to do some JCS?
The amount of Draw Something that will take place on the bus tomorrow makes me cringe.
I went skating with matthew today. We skated from reid park to the park placee mall O: it was pretty far.Then i bought some new Vans (:
"Yes we can! (continue to give Republicans exactly what they want despite controlling the Presidency, House, and Senate.)"
THANKS DUDE
Thanks for the shout out!!! Keep me informed!!!
Best birthday yet!! I'm so grateful to be blessed with so many people who truly care for me, thank you everyone for all the love!
The entire site is tea photos! No offense taken....definitely a visual link!
or clothes swap?
Had my wardrobe fitting for my first lead in a SAG commercial! Complete w/ a pretend husband & two cute kiddos. It's gonna be a fun shoot!
Happy Holidays from PRO-ED!
What dosent kill you makes you stronger <3
That's good of Ron to recommend me! I feel honored! :-)
Hey nate!:)
thank you !
The guy taking train tickets is singing out the names of destinations as he punches them. Everyone's a performer in NYC!
I didn't ask too come and goodie bag is
U let him ruin ur mascara, dont let him ruin ur life too
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." #life#
Nope.Keenum, Moore, Wilson and James are all that's left to be drafted this year.
WON I
I sure did!! She has a beautiful voice! What school did u go to??
Anyone else having trouble with #pandora at the moment? I can't get get any music :-(
my obsession with Swedish apartments is giving me unrealistic expectations. I'll probably end up living in someone's moldy basement
We love our team!! Keep up the good work!
i don't think he can do it.
I dnt wanna stay by myself
My mind is everywhere thinking about new job opportunities & actually starting to apply for graphic designer positions where my heart is!!!
have fun!!!
who is RT
I really want to support with a pro membership, but I won't until I figure out how to switch from scout to prospect!
wow! Never thought of it like that before :) thank you! hope you are having an amazing day!
Married life...doesn't feel any different than shacking up because its cheaper life. I think I wasted money on a dress.
But clearly, not together.
Thanks for the response. The other WF's in SF also carry it.
#Pineapples .. I don't like it. #KevinHart lol.
three cheers!
haha you would take a picture of that!! ;P
I have to say... Teri Garr is absolutely gorgeous in Young Frankenstein.
OH: CONSENSUAL CHAMPAGNE SPRAYS ONLY!
We will be having yummy cocktails (all you can drink! Eek!) paired with your favorite services.
It's a great day for a bike along the beach and a 4 mile run....
I pray my future kid doesnt inherit my temper...hope they get my sense of humor tho
check it out! im bored as fuck!
The female reader's voice is very soft and sometimes hard to make out. People seem to either love or hate the book.
"she just a friend" girlfriend:"does she know that?"
1. not really a program - but for us it is head of AS and for youth assistant head of YS - the intern will work with whoever
Work, then Film Festival!
I determine if something is cool by social connect...if none of your friends/connections are found...then it's bad ass
Fuck off, legends like Dustin Hoffman don't make shows for ratings !
Thnx so much babe!!! #Mash or DIE!!!! RT bigg UP's to you ma keep
yay!! We're twitter friends!!
Just watched #iLostMyMind again with my little girl....ridiculous how happy it makes me....
I guess those people will NOT be downloading the iPhone app!
We shall.
Trying to find something thats different...
Yep, 22 years, retiring in Jan. I was going to set up my staging biz down there...now in KY..I might talk him back to NC :)
Music class
That is what happens we you get caught in katy! #HPD know candid cam RT : It's over and nothing violent happend.
You're the one who makes me smile.
when you retweet#adamschefter its usually customary to say so with more than quotes.
I feel your pain, I do love a good burger. Everything in moderation though, right?
Of course. Only liberals and Jews celebrate godless holidays like Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.
r u on tour?
The Broncos! :)
In South Iraq
I like to lead in with the comedy and then hit them over the head with a drama
Catch our CM out tonight for Music Exhibition w/ !
#MyBiggestFlaw, I'm insecure with my girl communicating with guys, because i"m a guy and i know how they are. I trust her, Just not them
When liberals hang out together it's just sex, sex, sex, America sucks, sex, sex, Obama's so great, sex, we hate Jesus, sex sex...
saw at the all schools graduation at Howard!
pretty cool. Wish my office were like that
Bronx is up there as best pizza spot in #sandiego. knows her pizza! enjoy.
kony posters ready ppl bring tape
thanks! Yes, I'd lie if I say it was hard..LOL! The wall decals are so easy and so much fun! contd...
Thank you for listing us!
Hey ladies
ALAN... it is recession and the only trip I can afford to is to my #motherland after saving for a while.
As if job interviews weren't stressful enough, Sotomayer gets to answer the potpourri of questions with all of America watching - good luck!
Lmfao watching Total Black Out. Friggin hilarious!!!
is looking for experienced #Unix #Systems #Engineers for an exciting company in #Seattle. Strong #networking skills essential.
does #Nikon 's languid production strategies and 5-steps behind #Canon render it obsolete in today's ever changing digital landscape?
It's bum not bumb. C'MON MAN!
Watching Immortals with & Matt...this is crazy
Going grocery shopping while hungry
Tornado warnings the night before last and 70+ temps today.....spring is here in KC!
Finishing the final sound mix before making the final master dub. www.petrginz.com
Terriers finale last night was awesome! Missed it? Hulu!
.. Thats right.. But trust me this is worth it;) Watch away...
Movies and out to eat today mite hit the club up !
So Fucking tired!
creativity is not just for insomniacs. people who get to bed at grandma hour can write clever stuff too.
It's on the wiki.
“: I honestly dont go for looks, at all, whatsoever. Theyre just a bonus.” RTRT
yeah yu always say that
I feel special!
I'm on page 24. Trying to keep pace. Where are you?
Women expect flowers. What do men expect?... Love Barbara #Streisand "You Don't Bring Me Flowers"
sophia , ur gonna make me cry , im not playing :"""""""(
Puppy dropped off at grandmas and ready for the weekend !ACL ACL
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!27
We are brokering 'MovingCompany.com Interested? It is a great #SEO name! Call me 954-861-3532
RT - #adtech - Coke's Wendy Clark: Nobody is waking up looking for your content: You must be a great storyteller
Glad Joe Pa is gone, but do those guys really need more time on their hands?
#first40songsonshuffle 2. Don't Stop Til You Get Enough - Michael Jackson
Breastlink Medical Group to Offer iCAD’s Xoft Radiation Therapy System to Breast Cancer Patients
Infield in for the pirates...
I'm at beat the bookstore! They're great.
Power outage in Franklin Park.
Everytime I've blown my nose today it's been bloody.... Should i be worried?
In the span of 2 mins, I went from having no opinion on "I'll Gave Another" to wanting nothing more than two more victories.
If a man haz a problem with hiz lady lukin at hiz cell,text msg, etc, dat bastard iz hiding something now or planz to later
please tweet me and my friend (:
Elijah Johnson has the ratchet
Met some wonderful new Customers in Greenwood today...really enjoyed speaking with Bill and Jane...please come back soon
lol i miss you!!!!
Emphasis is placed on the lower extremities in Podiatric college. There are also DO (Dr of Osteopathy) schools for manipulation
Now she's a woman I could have gotten behind as a presidential candidate. Too bad she couldn't run.
Thanks! RT : Happy
Twitter poll: is it true (guys), the more you work out, the more your wee wee shrinks??
this game
Hi thanks for the follow!
Ok Portland Actors Jack has asked where the local actor hotspots are? Can you point him in a few good directions,)
you take that photo we love that our friend is a rockstar!
Thanks for the tweets!
what is you location? Lol
Create your customer service strategy, and make sure that everyone knows what their role is.
If you breathe on Lebron you might get ejected. Give him credit for taking advantage of it haha.
Thanks to all the meat aficionados who explained to me what mutton was. Now I know that sheep not only is for wool, but is yummy too.
Sharing a drink with fans/ followers is more important than ever. Whether that beverage be tea or
Justin & Selena broke up ... I'm not to mad to let my girl go then ...
I just want to say it was great watching you this season! Good luck at the next level! On Wisconsin
Inner Harbor artificial wetlands project aims to draw more crabs
"when you go hard you nays become ya's" Nicki Minaj
fun meeting up on friday. great show, but was waiting for 'born in the usa' or stuff from nebraska.
haha never heard that one! But yess ill be down for anything half price!!
Immortal was of da chain just see the whole movie on my I-phone
Cmon Stink Nuggets beat the Laker bitches
lol RT : We don't need no stinkin' outfits! RT : Outfits? You have outfits??? :)
Everyone enjoy whatever you're doing today.
well...u could tie yourself to a tree or put concrete in your shoes!
RT : get money mane whats so hard about that logic? why u speaking on other people? JUST DO YOU
Went looking at current movies playing, embarrassed to admit I had heard of almost none of them. :(
If she doesn't realize what she lost within a short amount of time and lies behind your back like a KID.
After the love is gone, what used to be right is wrong.
each of those a mental model? what would be an example one?
you're making me all emotional.
ah damn. Well I'll see you in July sir
I'm comin' to visit you after work!
yes! We were there for Scrapplefest this year. My great grandfather was from #Philly, it is where our recipe has its origin.
' this kid told me I had a flat ass >_<
Well that was more exciting than Jones-Evans: #Chicago scores the OT game winner. Good night.
Pro tip from : Take time for Spring Cleaning for your Facebook page
When your all pumped out over there, come relax over here. 1 block N. of the convention center on Washington St.
S/O to all the brown homies. Happy Cinco De Mayo
that awkward moment when your iPod shuffles to "christmas auld lang syne" sung by marc anthony in the middle of March...
You're cute (;
Extra añejo - Minimum of 3 years in the small oak casks
Come visit me and ! We miss you :]
omg me to.... I LOVE Craig's voice <3
“: Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.” figured you would like this one.
Whoa ?! Well done Brew Crew. Here comes the NLCS
RT : has THE HOOK UP, GENTE! Throwing down Now till 9pm, check the spectacle that is EL BARRIO! Starting w/Celebrity...
Scrambled eggs with out ketchup just doesn't taste right :/
burned 300 calories doing 52 minutes of cardio exercises, including "Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace"
I'm an educated fool wit money on my mind
Just hop of da shower fresh
Had a great edu session in Saddlebrook tues followed by clubhouse refreshments In Oro valley Wed caregiver train basics & Pizzahut 14 of us
whats up guys
Freezing my ass off.
"We've got #Spirit, Yes We Do" #FALSE! Their song is: "We've Got "Baggage" Yes We Do" #GOFIGHTWIN? wierd #marketing plan.
I give up-how? My desk under office window faces a golf course, bloomed magnolia tree & blue sky!
1 dead. 4 injured when a 16 year old opened fire that town is so small you never would think that would happen
Irving.....not a prototypical PG....but played for coach K....who stressed fundamentals.didn't have too many shoot first type PG
Blue tips!!
Is it bad that I think my bed is more comfortable at school than it is at home?
3 of 5 largest US health plans and over 45 Million subscribers use for cloud identity mgmt - find out why at #RSAC Booth 2751
Should've tweeted, Jamie Moyer's infield single scored 2 at Coors Field.
wait till saturday lol
Follow and RT to #win : I need a care package from because everybody around me is sick!
Ouch ! E-mail subj: "looks like you need a friend…" (All my friends already use , so I'm not spamming them, thanks.)
A lovely art filled day!
Good morning
Wrapping Presents.
this is what happens when people dont knowck before coming in and then getting in a huge fight 10 mins. later.
Today is the start of our Spring In Water Boat Show at "Dog Days" here at Lake of the Ozarks. Looking forward to great sales out of it!
Dude. Bring me Starbucks if you're gonna be going! 😍
you still stay in da same spot
Sacha Baron Cohen is about to become this generation's Adam Sandler. It was funny the first few times but now it's just sad.
mission:MCFLY // to the rescue!
you already know
Long week of school shows, voiceovers, auditions, and other business. Time for a friday afternoon nap. Sing me a lullaby? -T
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
omg do you think i caree?!
Heading to SF for the long weekend on Friday. Looking for some new recommendations on restaurants or bars to hit up. Anyone have any?
Amazing how many dunks, lay-ups #ohio has missed ... And still only down ONE!
“: you shouldn't. Lord loves a drinkin man”
enjoyed your tunes Monday night, boy
Indeed, that seems to be the case. I often see one escalator barricaded and dismantled for service more often than not.
Can't sleep :O
Thanks - it was!
These guys clearly aren't that bright; text back that you're an exiled Nigerian prince, and need their bank info.
was Marry Me the last song at Bimbo's last night???????????
were unstoppable today 7-0 who's got it tommorrow!?!?
Havent we all. I wake up in my bed like how did I get here ? hahaha. whats up anyway ?
test it up do tired cent even spell #Tearitup lol..
I have no doubt. You're the wind beneath my wings..
911 tapes reveal dispatchers frustration as they try to track down snakebitten east county toddler... On NBC 7 at 11.
If the #orioles rotation were a crabcake, Tillman and Bergeson would be the mayonnaise and bread crumb filler.
Still trying to figure out why the GM of the Oakland A's is speaking at a tech conference.
Congratulations to alumna Natasha Cuervo who recently became the Museum Registrar for Exhibitions & Loans at the Lowe Art Museum in Florida.
you judging me..its alright though..jus remember whos judging you #karma bitch
PLZ RT SEXY LADIES SIGN UP 2 WIN 50K IN THE UPCOMING REALITY SHOW "THE NAKED TRUTH" FELLAS JOIN SO U CAN VOTE! WWW.THEEROTICCHALLENGE.COM
How come u want me to be friends with her
How long are you up there for?? We are headed to Vancouver on Monday!
Retailers will be wise to recognize the teen trend in habitual data consumption via mobile phones and the bonanza it represents
fer real I blow loud ER Day!
Highlight of my day. 40 year old man walking around acting like a cat
I be forgetting I gotta car now
Your white, upper middle class, and can rap? Wow you must be one of a kind.
#orioles now 13-3 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 0-5 when he does. What comes first, a Johnson hit or Gregg pitching in a win?
I can't believe there's nothing in there about how to know if you're being followed when driving!
Great to see you guys here too. Love the B2B wholesale
the serpent feeds on the ashes of the earth.
I love nerds (both kinds)
Wow. Pac Man got a raw deal. Irresponsible journalism. That writer's career should be put to death.
If this were like 2 years from now, I feel like this would be completely different.
Me and hit up white castle at 1:30 haha we to hungry!!!(:
ha! yea, you guys don't see each other enough :)
I tend to be peculiarly defensive about it. eg more apt parallels between the Irvine co and Sime Darby than KL and rust belt Midwest.
Think this guy has played w/Brian Lynch
An a.m. meal made up mostly of carbs and protein with some fat keeps blood-sugar levels steady all day.
Guys who beat on women and brag about it literally make me sick.
Okay, so and got the #referencesnoneofyouwillget!
I'm not living liiiiiiiiiiiiffeee !!!!
Utah shows Orlando how to exactly deal w/ a disgruntled star, get value for him, & make the team close to competitive. Very impressive.
Overheard at Dupont farmers market: "well pork really is Bev's passion so, you know."
People are still arriving. Waiting for POTUS & FLOTUS.
Fixed the website's can't login/register issue. If you still encounter any problem please report to
Well my bracket is completely screwed this year
OH : Associate editor: "I'm just now looking at the nudity email you sent me. Thank you."
The competition has begun! Thanks , you're the 1st to enter for a chance to win FREE admission to our Saturday opening at 6:00!
bout to smash then go to the strip club *takes double shot 1800 and lime* fist pumps
“: In NYC on the way to the fights bumping JAY -Z !!!” bout to head over there too. Bumpin reggae tunes though.
Dee, happy to have you in Chicago!!!!!
humanities & soc sci researchers like to lay out print books around the computer, but want ebook at some point
So going to celebrate downtown!!
I can't even chuckle at the account.
"L.A. has the perfect climate for harvesting honey, especially orange blossom honey."says Joe Bastianich... read more in Thanksgiving Issue
I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter! You said yeah :p
Personally, I was hoping to hear from Kat on this topic. She has #Mizzou J-School degree, works for FB team.
dude. I KNOW. What's up with that?!?! :D
One reason I live in #Chicago. 1200 lunch options
Thanks for the retweet!
anything new? :D
"The LORD your God proves you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul."~Deuteronomy 13:3
Margarita Kate has my crying right now hahah
Fire alarm at in El Paso didn't go off on top floor where our conference is on. Good as dead.
I really like the silk screen tool shown by Joshua Jeffry.
On my way to see "We Need to Talk About Kevin." Been wanting to see this since I heard about it. Congrats
Learn from the past live in the moment and look forward to your future
:Hello!Take Care Everyday :)
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
You're doing the indoor tri this weekend, too, ? Yay! See you soon.
turned out better than I thought even if I overslept a whole hour. I also wish you the best
If you call yourself my Friend Don't phony kick it with hoes u just was talkin about. -_-
On the southside right now
yooo have you got a chance to check out the book yet? The hard cover looks great with u spread out across it x
Is Tiger 'bout to win today?!
Man aint going to lie to you. Tyler has nothing for me. Nothing is here.
AWESOME NEWS, Tweeps! Our new crop of shirts arrive tomorrow afternoon, including new OU Sucks, #NoFilter, and Adios, Mofo's!!
u can't go in to someone's house & disrespect them. Get ur guy & show respect to the home owners. I respect what u do.
spent great time with this morning. Love being in the desert with him. Can't wait to watch what God may do through his heart!
Win is a win is a win baby!! Sixers!!!
please follow me back
Personally, I was there to see the O's win. Would you applaud Tom Brady if he had a 5 touchdown game against the Ravens?
Have you had one that early!? Yikes. The three week series of 8 am tests wore me down, but one 6:30 would also surely do it.
if a fucking bug bites me again im gonna freak
Are you taking notes? Streetsblog would pay for a full report of his talk...
I Wonder Wat My Mommy Want
Hey Adam tell me next time when you do a Mario Kart Wii Challenge I need to buy MKW back and can I do it next time?
There are boy flamingos.
Actually, I am leaning that way. Love that boat, and my Wife isn't comfortable with me flying either :/ I can respect that...
I don't want to be a rapper anymore. I quit.
we know it's true love cuz he bought me a bowl...lmao
Watching Abduction kind of liking it.
TO SOME U SEEM FICKLE AND UNDEPENDABLE,
currently using 3 sets with 6-8 rep max... most importantly, make sure your diet is on point whether you're cutting or bulking
Think I need a bunch of those!! My horns....well.......
life is so confusing... i really need a break.
I want a cinnamon sugar pretzel, some ice cream and cookies. 🍦
Try targeted bursts of exercise when your schedule is jam packed. Three 20 minute workout sessions during the day will add up to an hour!
It's a good thing they won but my sister could beat the French lol
Redneck word of the day: FASCINATE - My shirt has nine buttons on it, but I can only FASCINATE.
Dear Seattle: This #Lakers beat down is why you purchase your team a new arena when they ask for one. Our gain. Signed, Clay Bennett
damn ur to cute
Revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing.
Nope, it makes you an even better one.
Red velvet kush!! O yea
RT : Three Fantasy College Football Drafts are in the books, just one to go.
lol Jennifer Lawrence is dope
This Android touchscreen keyboard is such a piece of shit that by itself it might convince me that switching was a terrible mistake.
Is headed to JFK, ready for an inflight movie and a cocktail :-)
JR, sorry so late to get back to you. It's kind of late in the process, so I'd be shocked if they added somebody new for 2012.
Thanks Chris! I've used Thesis exclusively for over two years and wouldn't have been possible without it!
: Jezza's handle:
will there be an official music video!?!
“: Total student-loan debt is over $1 trillion, roughly 16% higher than earlier estimate...” Yeah. Two-thirds of that is mine.
Closed up for today, back tonight to feed your drunken hunger 11pm-3am!
Living the dream!
My problems are as light as a feather.
Happy birthday to my pal Rev Peyton. If you haven't seen a show before, it makes Cirque look like Toddlers & Tiaras.
"so much of America needs to be rebuilt"
Sounds good! Good luck!
Human Communications: Love
Do as I say, not do as I do...signed, Google rules committee. Geez...
: and sometimes I can't keep up with my own darn self. My bookshelves are full, my i*pad is full, and yet, . . .
#whyigive Not surprisingly to this group, #Broward County Fnd research: #donors give to make a difference--tax write-offs not the driver.
Ugh....pat ron, chx wings, pizza and chx burger? Extra miles running.
we should petition for call-ahead orders at Publix. Drive up, get handed your bag, give them your card, and done!
anyone watching this "crotch" commercial? X"D
RIP Leslie Cochran - Please Keep Austin Weird in Heaven #lesliecochran #keepaustinweird I'll miss you...
thats the mission they are in, they are in monrovia liberia - I think it's the mission home
Mark your calendar for these events next week: "Ordinary Heroes" - photos by Tom Casalini; exhibit opening; Fri, Nov 4, 5-8 pm
Thank you! so cool to share it!
is on right now talking about the MY Milwaukee County Initiative- are you listening?
let's get this W.stop with the unnecessary turnovers.we need Tebow for the fourth quarter
the jcrew thing always happens to me!
Tell Yo Mom i Said HBD..!
I've realized that I am one stubborn kid hahaha
You are data citation-ed out, but missed you at #Datacite. Plus that Mollie Stone is so very close to my hood...
off to bed; Had a amazing time doing the runway show! More opportunities to come (;<3
Bein good is good that'll get you drew gooden. But me I want jordan numbers lebron footin, can't guard vince lombardi john wooden...
Employers, let us help you find qualified and hard-working employees!
Moneyball love Brad Pitt ♥
cool haha I'm listening to one direction (:
I don't want my Pres. to bungle important issues under pressure. Or, a Pres. who feels that I am somehow less than human
Is officially in ravenclaw. Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure
Stayed in last night and wasn't that bad haha anyways good morning twitter :)
That track meet was something else
meter sticks
I love it too! Although when I see African wear like that in stores, in like, "I could have that made in Ghana for 15 bucks"
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I could b down with more 6 minute plus songs if they were half as good as Neil youngs buffalo Springfield 'broken arrow'.
"When we disparage the digital environment as "overwhelming," what we're also faulting it for is its lack of a narrative." -Megan Garber
yeah that sounds good
Oberon Theatre opens Othello dir. by Cara Reichel tonight! I'm very excited to see this show. Cara makes amazing things happen on stage.
I'm sitting next to 's mom right now.. & she's not here..
Gearing up for the Mid-Michigan Addys tonight! See you at the at 6p!
que cute
HAWAII BABY ;D
Sorry I missed you at TEDMED. I've enjoyed your tweets!
Good luck with the search! Sadly, Boston feels a bit more like Seattle this week.
thanks for the follow Casie
Dishwashers & washing machines shd be full, and always use the most efficient water and energy settings
Bless you Mom. You, and Dad, are saints. May you only ever know peace, love and joy!
There is a woman at my work who looks like #robinwilliams as
R/T Music enhances life
Congrats to my friend and YPO-er Bill Grana on the sale of PureSafety to Underwriters Laboratories
#GOA2012 At 3 pm in the Expo Theatre: Profitable Printing with UV & Metallic Ink, booth 1063
What's the PD? I'm Irish? Kenyans like Africa?
Even though the Panthers lost, they had a hell of a season and I'm not sad that they lost, they played their hearts out, I support them 100%
IMing with on #Facebook !
yep, i guess my adult life is beginning, no more parents ;)
Tomorrow is the beginning of the end! I'm so happy!
hell yea! we got today in fla and board the boat tomorrow and yes we got the beats. They are hard bro, good look we will useem
Hey today is national kiss day. We can have a reason to make out with people hehe :)
m so jealous! Love the smell of garlic anything! #kissmeImItaliantoo!
Let us approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need. -Heb. 4:16
That is the subwoofer.
Roc Royal & Prodigy
Time to replace the idea of web standards with the "open web" -
56% off Meglio's Pizzeria on www.crowdclick.com
#BecauseOfFacebook I fail exams...
Show love and kindness. Better world :)
2 more days till my awesome parents get to Dallas! :) busy weekend ahead, then back to Abq!
haven't seen u since the game u been mia
Sitting next to a woman who asked 4 my occupation & I told her. So, I asked what was hers. In her own words: "I'm a ho!" Me: *crickets*
": I also love how the rich got richer for the Giants and Patriots, last seasons 2 super bowl teams" And the Pack, scary.
"I would rape his face....so many times." >>>>me dying laughing
does love me alright ^.^ ( in my dreams )
that's y we love her “: Taylor Swift + Glitter + Drugs - Dignity = Ke$ha.”
Come to watch the Steelers vs Bengals and have yourself a delicious meal!
We will! Aww, now I'm excited! Haha
Why must the iPhone 4s be soo slow with sprint :/
One girl is keeping me up
beats with a modified Liontamer.
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."
Is this analysis written up somewhere?
Really in 2012 someone doesn't know how to use PowerPoint.
Guess I'll be at Liv later
We're pulling for our Brewers and grittin our teeth through a tough stretch
don't we all? Haha ;)
True Blood time!
i love new friends.
Thank you for passing that along!
One day I'll figure out the mystery that is Sperry shoelaces. One day.
ugh tumblr. why you no working?!
santino is so funny hes one of the few wrestlers that I get a kick out of
Too hungry right now and this group is boring & idk what it is but why are they all whisper talking
i need me a chick that stay out here in memphis
Hey Alysha, I thought I was on my page and not Corey's! LOL! I'll retweet you
gotta do what i gotta do.
Dreamt I got my hands on the sixth Game of Thrones book. More of my favorite characters died. :-(
i can't even think im worrying bout this lottery i need that $600 million i might cry if dont win i mean im gonna cry if i dont win lol
I hope my little sister is having a good birthday so far, c:
Tweet button aww yeah!
Up all night.....Made some beats last night......Straight Fire......B.A.M Sqaud all day "get wit or keep it pushin"
When did he stop being the man? RT : He's still the man! Taking care of the little guys! ;)
Today's Quote: Many marriageswould be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side. by: Zig Ziglar
Currently listening to spit on "Beautiful Morning." It's a beautiful morning here in NC! Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
The animals of the planet are in desperate peril... Without free animal life I believe we will lose the spiritual equivalent of
Late April Fools joke??
I wish #Lebanon had a Yelp equivalent and more places with tips on foursquare
when someone tells me they can't find a job, I usually assume they're just a lazy shit head. 💩
I need #MIZZOU to dig down and pull away...this game is killing me
Thanks for coming!
We are so sorry for your loss. Thanks for letting us share Louis life. He will be remembered.
In my city, community centers and some gyms do. Taichi beginners good, too. Even ag extension offers beginners.
: main pt=when katehi wants to distance self frm events or side-step resp, she flips into PV; uses AV to sound like a leader
Not the biggest Kanye fan, but he got a couple of songs I like that I normally wouldn't like. The Glory, Stronger, Never Let U Down.
I I found you Keyaniaa! (: <3
Thanks for the follows Have a rockin' week!
These bitches washed up
Thanks for the update!
hahha I knooooww and my school starts august 29th
lol silly Do you watch private practice?
Jenny Coluccio and the team stopped out to the Ho today for National Golf Day! Thanks for the sweet Coo shirt!
This is more than a crush, More than a like like, More than a love baby im going to make you mine and im ain't giving up(: <3 I love you E.S
DIRTY! GO MAVS!
Whipped up a new hat last night for fall/winter 2012 - I think you'll like it!
right, because he did itt on his own, had he refused he surely would have been fired too
And to you too! <3
I run into people all the time who are talking about the Life Essentials Study Bible. The guy who worked on that is a Moody grad.
”Our intention creates our reality.” --Wayne Dyer
Finally Christmas eve
EDC Vegas 2011 bound with the guys!! it's gonna be of the hook!!! 
My son has his own i*pad but has taken over mine.
we r driving the #strugglebus today
u moving again?
I don't want you to die, 'cause that'd be sad. I just want you to stop existing.
MY ONLY ENEMY IS ME!
Uh idk ha, till it gets better I guess. Its only my right eye, sucks.
RT : Looking forward to #tasteofoakland tomorrow!
Outstanding. Tell them to send over an e-mail at during the games and we will give them a shoutout
BASKETBALL BABY!!!!!
noticed Photorealism was listed twice so we added Color Field. Prefer Nouveau or Contemp? Op Art's on there.
Driving the teachers insane 'till they quit in 7th grade
Together We Cope's goal: holiday happiness for all - SouthtownStar
It's true but I deleted my earlier message since it doesn't appear to be public knowledge.
[+] (3) sabbatical-style loans of employees from big firms (Qualcomm;Intuit;etc) (4) appropriate use of contractors.
Looking forward to working with students tomorrow at the Catch is at the table. Register, Its not too late!
Good. A smooth 45mins - 1hr is perfect... And did you just try to slide me tho ??
Don't really understand the Pierce pick for the #Ravens when we have Anthony Allen to step in for
#ngce There are a lot of big companies presenting here. I hope someone comes to my session at 3:15. I may be small but I'm smart :)
I'm on vacation!!!
Running a little late on dinner? Good thing our South Miami location has an oh-so-convenient drive-thru!
« #Bears LB will be presented with the Ed Block Courage award, as voted by his teammates, tomorrow. Congrats.»
What does the "American Dream" mean to you? How has your past shaped your view of it today? How does music embody that dream?
I can tell. This is pretty angsty! Also, I tried to but spelled String Bean and Alex, which sounds like a bad twee band
did you know Dan Seals did Addicted back in 1991? I was 9, but totally remember it. Glad is bringing it back!
ughh I've been trying to go to hurricane harbor all summer no one will go w me
27th yr as a Packer fan and it's still awesome! Can't wait to see you out there in green and gold. Go pack go!
Party coffee.
I will have nothing to watch after #PrettyLittleLiars goes off. ):
My mom ordered fried rice for me and went to McDonald's and got me a cookie. She is perf x
congrats bro! sorry I could not be there!
I miss
went as a guest to a Reno organization meeting. The reps couldn't close the deal.
Haley Reinhart Says 'American Idol' Judges 'Just Wanted To Push My Buttons'
Hell yeah it's pretty good. Deflates every naysayers sails!
Sorry for your loss. Always tough to lose a pet. At least she's not suffering anymore.
I'm actually free this week so I'm down if you guys are
I love yoh so much but ur heart belongs to someone else
#its annoying when people retweet their own tweets, everyday...
Goodnight hopefully I wake up to my #300 follower but I doubt it :c
Im not jealous no im not I just want everything shes got you look at her so amazed I remember way back when you used to look at me that way
when will you be home next?
thank you:)
Its not what u know its who u know to get a job. Its what u know that lets u keep it. Substance is important
well, you just wait. I will call your bluff.
so jealous! Love Dana Point, friends there. Enjoy every bit of it!
I know it sucks
Just realized I still haven't gotten my April issue of
Thank you!
whats the hell
Oh ok fuck you. You won't be seeing me in the next few weeks
Party for two. What's your favorite date restaurant?
Fingers numbering nine.
When alcohol starts tasting smooth >>>>>
rude people are the cutest ~ sike you ll get socked in the head -.-
bummer man.
Good Morning World
` bout to cook & clean up so on comes
": Happy Birthday xoxo <<<<< Smooches {both cheeks} :*"<--Thanks girlie! Smooch!
Night everyone! Work calls in the AM, so I best get some sleep so I can stay awake all day. Lol!
Kaiser Family Foundation found that health insurance premiums more than double what they paid in 10 yrs.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 6
stay tuned… teaching workshops in Phoenix in June
My swagger on 1 followed by a 0 0
I'm in class <3t
2d. You don't have to wear dumb glasses
So... 80s party with ... Shits about to get CRAY!
lol I know! I'm close enough as it is, smh. Lol
Miss you love! Come back to Dallas soon! (:
BAHAAHAAHAA!! And you get it!!!
where did you see these? Must try!
im fine
just registered for the Joint Conference on Digital Libraries in June! #jcdl2012 will it be better than my college reunion (that I'll miss)?
lol can we please make that a three-way battle and include captain crunch? ;)
Hoping this is not a career ending injury for Mariano, not the way that he deserves to go out for a HoF career
“: that stuff is over rated. #disgusting #sillycelebs” --
HERE WE GO, STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!!!
Just had a zombie apocalypse dream and it was nothing like Zombieland. I'm in tears and paranoid as fuck.
I love my inlaws
"Just leave it to Sexy Sam"
Join us for a Flash Mob tomorrow night! 5pm @ Longfellow Books. Bring a book and show your support of reading!
Makes sense...I'm hoping it picks up soon :). What have you been up to? Working on anything fun?
I haven't heard of anyone storming off, so it must be fun!
Just heard some drug dealers use the terms, "snitches" and "busters." I wonder which was O-Dog?
On a Tuesday. Really?
Live To Give Week 7 - Buy A Stranger something at random... - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian .. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Teaching class this Saturday, Pierce College, Los Angeles: "Start your own Home-based Business" - everyday more people working at home!
Good Morning Sammi, have a great Friday! Ur my favorite on ur show! <3
What night will Kurt Sutter be on #LastCall?
Oh im jealous haha.. and idk im not playing football this year but imma do track work outs and what not and hang with friends:)
hello! how are you? :D
Bumping Digable Planets "9th Wonder" as loud as I can. Just blame for planting that joint in my psyche.
“: All orange cats are Wilford Brimley.”
TODAY IS THE DAY! Look around Rochester today for Book Givers!
congrats on 1 mill Followers!
never got into The Boss. every time i see him play i wonder why Syl from The Sopranos is playing with him...
Just got into Boone, NC and eating some hott food @ Murphy's Bar & Grille.
So Flo-Rida is on the voice and any time I hear him all I wanna say is "shorty got them apple bottom jeans...boots with the fur.."
galloway just went ham. Thanks guys.
picture me rollin'.
Despite the fickle weather, it's actually super pleasant out right now
Blasting Nicki's 'Sex in the Lounge' at Chick-Fil-A drive thru. "Put that pussy on my bottom lip, then you know we gotta switch."
MUSIC helps me escape from the reality i live in
I wish I worked downtown!
then we need 2 do it
Yeah! The show at Club Seven!
I'll have to check that out!
WTF am i watching? I just saw a guy jack off onto a hamster.
#onemiami2012 ready to worship my savior at the one conference! Jesus, come and move!!!! :)
hard one - but gotta say Stockton. Quicker hands, big steal threat, 3 pt threat, assist master.
midterms... bring it on.
#Winning! RT Grilled chicken burrito and Hatchet!! ;)
i loved how he managed to make the film a solid action-genre movie on top of pleasing the fanboys!
My TV stays on ID or Golden Girls. RT“: I think I'm the only person under 50 that loves the station Investigation Discovery”
Romeo miller on the cover of brave magazine!!!
SOME ONE GET ME A LOCK FOR MY ROOM
:o oh alright lol
I made my friend listen to you guys.. let's just say the reaction was mind = blown. (:
Bill, looking forward to our call this week.
sure! thanks - LL
great, I'll be sure to make it!
I could use a TSA style pat-down.
Sometimes I feel uniquely #Scottish, sometimes uniquely #Jewish and sometimes uniquely both. Anyone else feel that way? Go #Sounders too!
Watching rupauls drag race lol i learned alot from them girls
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
it had to be Gordon Keith I bet?
everywhere! I see you driving all the time!!
#Heat game going down to the wire. Down by 3 with 32 seconds left.
Can't fucking stand bicyclist who ride like theyre posed pissed off teenagers...so basically everyone bicyclist on the north side of chicago
She has her moments! Yes, Gayle, yes!
In a weather delay at Churchill Downs. Sloppy track will favor Broadway's Alibi and And Why Not in Kentucky Oaks
My Birthday is today:)
I have a C in business right now. What the heck riggins.😠
If we did the things we were capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
i wonder how all of the baltimore bands are doing
Can fix your cravings for high school cafeteria food too?
oh my mother of gdfjklgdf I'M SO JELLO OF YOU
RT : Prosecutrs to charge ELEVEN #FAMU students n connectn w/hazing death of #RobertChampion, openly #gay drum major
In the car..kinda hard. :-)
Jeff and Zoe both squeezed around pipes under sink. Zoe spent a day under sofa, against wall + dead centre (=invisible).
hopefully Santa Monica. Easier to get to UCLA.
let's go with
I'm having a greasy cheeseburger for lunch and thought of you.
Watch tomorrow CBS Sat. Eve News at 6:30p for our investigatn on School Lunches: What u & ur kids don't know-- it's costing taxpayers!
Seriously anybody kno how to get rid of a stalker...
we are practicing patience.
That cheese is good, but Anchovy anything.... no. D:
Ohh there I see it, my phone was messing up... I wasn't trying to be mean if it came out that way, sorry
#NewFeds learn the multimedia skills, the tech skills, the knowledge management, all useful to plug into these agencies
Amen! RT : I have NOTHING if I don't have you. -Whitney Houston
we can't wait to get out there and see all of it! Gary's is about 20 minutes from us and it's beautiful!
So what do you think about this idea?
Enjoying a long weekend in South Haven, MI. Ate at Sophie's for steak and restaurant owner kept us late to drink from his stash!
Having trouble with SIMULATED PROCESS/CMYK SEPS?? Let us sep and send back to you...all you have to do is burn the screens and print away!
We have #hale&hearty soup!Serving a variety of six #soups ! Small soup & 1/2 wrap or sandwich for $6.50
Yess :( yesterday I saw ms.bossie
ThankOur goal is to reach $750 today, just $45 more and we will get there :) Keep up the good work you do!
Wait why don't/didn't I know about WMR
Wish this great weekend would never end! Had a blast dancing with my baby at super soul shakedown. Now 2 bbqs and 17 again with mom!
Just point the microphones in any direction. It's fine. Whatever.
#SouthBeach here I come. I need to thaw out for a week!
I don't get it. My sister has cancer but somehow I'm the one who has seemed perpetually ill all semester.
just watched #RHOA and I can't even justify why. 6 old ass women fighting over B.S.
I think I might benefit from a #gibbsslap upside the head today... can you lend a hand?
The World Leaders have officially renamed the Rickshaw to the HawkShaw!!!!
annoyed the MSM is now trying to "educate" us about the Liberian "culture" after the gang-rape of an 8 yo girl.
Would you hurt a man keenest, strike at his self-love.
Tired of this rain in the , the sun needs to stay out for a while
Bspot tonight. says "feed that baby!"
so hungry. where my EBT at?
This is a rude awakening
not true, mine are almost back from when u plucked them, haha
It's always a mission to find parking in LA -_-
#BlogPawty Whoops, dance floor is getting crowded with paws. Can someone put me on a table? *dance dance dance*
My grandpa turns a hearty 94 yrs old today. Amazing to think of tech advancements since…he helped invent silicone caulk as a chemist at GE!
thanks jay!
NFL has got problems.
My grandpa uses my bathroom and comes out: "don't use that bathroom because you will die..." with a straight face and walks out of my house
Just booked my dream wedding cake with Cynthia's Cakes! Red velvet yes
Good tips. RT Office Halloween costume parties can build morale & teamwork. Or they can kill your career. Here are some tips:..
Yes he does...for now. If Staal's alright then so is Rupp. If not, he's from Philly right? Then by default he sucks.
obviously the little box around the hot pocket that you microwave it in....
:i should've had more cheesecake w/ my blueberry sweetfrog me: but blueberry is 1st in line cpudge: its so hard
At the Jackson Square groundbreaking Councillor Tito Jackson: This is a day of change. Jamaica Plain and Roxbury are one community.
All's I know is catfish and alligators anyway.
Hahaha RT "There's no one single at work....I am trying to 'Pam Beasley' this one girl though"
Order Supreme Surface Stone Shower Cleaner from our NEW online store for Supreme Surface Cleaners!
Ha ha.... RT : RichmondCivilWar150 that would be a great name for a #nascar race
dan that would be cool but i don't live there.
thanks, I'll check those links out.
Really ??? You really dont mind waiting in line?? Get tickets before arriving at the Denver Golf Expo Feb 10-12. TicketsWest @ King Soopers
#nowplaying "I Wanna Dance With Somebody"
You know, i don't get why people try to be something they're not
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits and may your arms be too short to scratch. Thank you and have a nice day.
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I catch feelings for people too quickly, which causes me to get hurt in the end.
Today is #Leadership #UTSA Great start to the day w/participant presentations on two books about organizational types. #well done
Hah! Best analogy yet for evil Yankees: RT RT the Yankees are corporate lobbyists, the Phillies are community activists.
if the Knicks fail to Make the playoffs D'Antoni will be fired
Have you ever been to a Chiropractor about your headaches?
It's another event, as I'm not ready ... Training taking longer than I'd expected. maybe early June. What's your next half?
Wuz up bro
Good morning!! Sumatra and House brewed this morning :)
My family is all sort of messed up.
Dear Twitter, why do you keep sending me notifications even though I've unchecked all of the "send me notification" boxes?
#ebiznow Phildelphia - representing the city is discussing the strong ties between the city &
they just ain't doing it right
...empty old oil, taco breakfast, and start getting the Mac Mini acting like a real computer...and maybe a movie.
Six flags!
lol it sure looks like it. What do you think about the potential spurs/thunder match up?
oh hm idk! Lol I thought it was
can i have some cinnamon toast crunch too???
Haha yeah! I miss you !
Ha! The conversation was a nice balance of marketing and 80s metal : )
What do you think? For Irene, should we visit the folks in DC (more room, help w/baby) or stay in Bmore (no driving, chance to keep power)?
iv done that but the chick ruined it cuz she bit my tounge I was like bitch
This should be illegal
Nothing says "merry merry" like Still can't pick my favorite day. Currently a tie between 3/4 and 10.
That's a political comment, dude, but I enjoy your political comments so rock on.
Show us a pic or it didn't happen!
Thanks! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast! Will look for your tweets!
J. Lo's green sequin dresses FIERCE on #Americanidol tonight. Fierce! ❤
#ZackRyder Get better Bro!!!!
Extreme Cheapskates on TLC, can't help but think of
I heart my mama and I heart my Twitter feed. Happy Tweats Day to mama Tweeties out there
Jesus: I was scourged and whipped each step of the way.
Mt. Fuji Grilled Cheese was devine! Wine and Food Truck Pairing last night!
Sorry to keep bragging a lot...I'll try to stop. I promise XD
#TFB all day long!
BTW, Jasmine Anne is my actress friend who lives in NYC and refuses to get a twitter...
i wish i was one of those perfect girls for one day
thank you for the best present ever- so cool!
I’m trying to do better than good enough.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan than waking up next to the one you love <3
what's the real diff between #tightlycurly method and #curlygirl method? which is better? who's tried both?
Feeling like poo
Don't let anyone or anything stop u from having a wonderful day. Love and Light
Why does everyone always want free stuff. We should be able to hook you guys up with some killer team deals but no freebies
looking forward to it, mr. koester. See you wednesday.
hell ya lol
A big THANK YOU! for all the attendees of the Public Funds Summit that is happening Right Now in Newport, RI. THANKS EVERYONE!!
Where did you get that scarf & purple shirt? I LOVE IT!
#OneOfThoseDays when you just wanna cry until there's no more tears left.. #RIP Ashley Nichole Kidwell..
We get down every 2nd Thursday of the month - See you May 10th!
for our potential sake, I hope Phoenix wins at least one or two to make it interesting.
I love you do much that I'd text you random MIW things. Yep <3
Its over...you got punked lol get over it
we're good, texting right now
Adam is getting his Crunchy Groove on!
i just want a main recap!;)
#dcmi2009 David Wood: In December, Zepheira RDF editor open source with a wiki.
What is Digg?
So if someone invites you to their wedding, it's apparently bad form to say "Sorry I can't make it but I'll come to your next one."
Totally digging American Idol's new judging lineup. S. Tyler is cooler, funnier, sweeter, normaler than I thought. Cringing begone.
One time I did omegle video thing...and I got some random old creeper dude with his shirt off :L ...and he had man boobs!! :L
Spiderman comes out the day before my birthday and Katy Perry's movie comes out the day after. i will only see one. can you guess which?? ;)
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen.
and are starting their family adventure today! We will miss you!! XO
go caps!! RT : 3rd period is underway from Verizon Center. #Caps lead Panthers 4-0.
There's nothing like the support of a good woman.
Yanks and Red Sox seem to be heading in opposite directions
Definitely! :D RT : oops paw slipped I meant spare bit of dry lap! ;o)
it was really good .
O ok ND I got Dat game on Ma iPod but What u doin Right Now?
not a google+ fan?
Vanessa talk about how to deal with mold outbreaks on books & paper, and get rid of musty smells (involves kitty litter)
Hello Jesse, Describe what it's like being a Playboy Model & an Actress?
Can't wait for the 7th round of the nfl draft tomorrow! Doesn't get better than a whole round of guys that will be unemployed by September
you looked absolutely amazing last night! No wonder couldn't take her eyes off you! We know how she feels!
Happened to me yesterday a few times. What does it all mean :D ?
Super hungry so I ate a whole bag of chips today.
hey tony it is open for Dallas now!
So yeahs I'm prettyy bored, when in doubt think of Cody!!!!!<3
it's funny how the wrestlers WWE pluck away from TNA have already wrestled in WWE/F in the past.
Smalltime Breakfast Game-Changer: Sandwich a McGriddle between 2 hashbrowns and/or pancakes. Drizzle syrup as necessary.
Can I help u build something??? I promise I got a steady hand. Pweeeeeessss :)
mortal comprehension does stop at nasty so quite possible!
#nw dream lover
Tonight was gnarly. My ears are still ringing.
is going to a party to discuss existentialism tomorrow- with other people who've agreed to do the same!
Crossing my fingers White House responds- just tweeted them directly. Proud that WA House & Senate responded to a local Tw. petition on ed$
RT : "Social Media is about sociology & psychology more than technology" ~ < I like that analogy.
That is no fun, I hope it moves on soon. I have been pretty fortunate this year.
Lol look @ what I said on fb. More in depth. And send me your thesis advisor's email addy. I'll give 'em a stern talking to!
"Dominos pizza in the candle light" yes
Last day of 2012 Winter Film Awards!! The celebration continues at 1 Oak happening now!! Great work everyone~
me too. (butting in).
I cannot imagine life without the grace & peace I'm offered DAILY from Creator God.
i ended up replacing it and paying about $200 :( but hey, its working now and I'm happy to have it again.
hahaha, sure we can be friends.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
You think the flight time to Australia is long? It took Apollo about 76 hours to get to the moon. One way.
WMC-Miami-right now-Club Shelter, NYC meets Club Djoon, Paris. Collins Ave. We already dancing! Let's go!!
With that shot into the cab you should move up into the striker position! Beautiful.
Ah, the memory of an elephant lol
RT Thunder gonna win by 20+ tonight
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear when a white person points and yells "Look! NIGGERS!"
This is coming at a time when there are nearly 5 new #HIV infections for every 2 people put on treatment.
hey Mike, won't be able to make the presentation tonight, but looking forward to the next one.
Follow for the latest and greatest from the best restaurant in Denver!
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Zynga? Ping back for more info! :-)
Thank you!!
it was a joke. Chill.
not sure yet. The holiday may have other plans for me.
but then again I don't remember giving any of these ppl one pink penny so...
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Or maybe they're mating... Which is probably why there are lots of baby ones in the tank..
Dang got me thinking now
The word finger-like projections should never be in the same sentence as ovaries.
Soon as I'm done spending time with the nephew I got to put in a lot of work book wise and hooping
So sick of drama queens.
This is insulting: RT Lego launching a product line for girls. Someone should tell them that they already have one: legos.
I do not like the feeling of being embarrassed for other people
if it continues, maybe a series? It could be epic. Maybe one outside a dog house "STAY OUT MAH INBOX" with chains n shit.
Brought many of my houseplants in to work...now they are office plants.
Life is about choices. Choices are about authenticity, consequences, and character.
well I was one of the first diagnosed with the tumor I have. We started a foundation for research.
Most of the guys here are wearing heels. I love it. (Asher Levine Show)
is coming up in just a little bit. Super stoked for their set
What would you play?
After work snack :) Sausage Flatbread: Spring Garlic, Sheep's Milk Cheese, Pickled Peppers
let me know!! If am not in the crib, am in the stu
If this love only exists in my dreams.. Don't wake me up.
Nice work! I love me some A-Power
Anyone want a Follow!? just tweet me!! ♥
I appreciate it!! Thank you!! That's nothing theres plenty more to come lol
Making my request now for Resurrection Weekend. Of course I'll hit the link too! The Jam - Town Called Malice.
#FrozenPlanet w #embarrassing where's
good for you Deb. Congrats.
you bet! Looking forward to your tweets.
I have to stop now. Site goes live tomorrow. Will be mostly functional. Not too bad all things considering.
I miss skyline and Montgomery Inn like a mofo.
2012. Sink or swim.
#bankofamerica you are evil and you know it.
Dear boys, Please stop leaving one spoonful of cereal in the box and putting it back on the shelf. Sincerely, Mom
Please welcome BlueBlood to the Max life
I can always find some good in everyone. If that makes me optimistic or stupid remains to be seen. :-)
Rereading Byron Katie's 1000 Name for Joy - what a great way to begin a day!
word!!! Good fathers still exist!!
And I am back! Successful session of MW2 and Black Ops. Got a nuke then in Black Ops got a chopper gunner =)
Making major eye contact with the boys from Big Time Rush. The Script is next. I'm stoked. \m/
Final four still Kentucky and who thehell cares!
Laviolette looks like Eddie Munster. He applauds the Schenn cheapshot and objects to this? Hippocrosy at its finest.
I start at KOMO in July.
mak apparel (makapparel) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
C'mon #Pacers!
Q4: honestly, Houston is tough for running. It's HOT... yeah, I'm a wimp, but I still get out there.
"Did you get probed by the rod?"
Heck yeah! Hubby isnt excited, but he's a Yankee so what does he know? LOL!
Cheating is allowed. Great game!
Ask Tommy Digger Gugger's opinion about 's opine on sourcing.
please follow me<3
Many women express that their most satisfying sexual experiences entail being connected to someone, rather than solely basing satisfactio...
Yep. I love Show Damon too, but the book one was just better written.
you know I'm not much of a night owl so it may be tough to go out two nights in a row
Jan, intentness and interest
send nittany lion back to Happy Valley, very unhappy. Go Bucky!
Agree to Disagree! Ole Miss and Alabama are the best! I've played in SC!
like inside the school
I am in love with it too :3 they rock!
Now that's funny!
why are you worried about eoc's when SciOly is tomorrow?
Rain likely tonight starting after 7pm. Showers will continue through tomorrow morning. Low of 50 tonight. Hi tomorrow 60.
It's all your fault!
Gonna bust out my 80s country mix tonight to get the Friday party started. #harpervalleyPTA #9to5 #swingin'
wish I was there so I could go! that is right up my alley.
ugh the quiet car is full of
#ICriedWhen I met austin...because it was a dream and when I woke up I was really upset that it wasn't real.
“You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
Working on the set of my upcoming music video- long day so far but a ton of fun :)
I'ma blastin off! Baby I'm Venus boouuund. 🚀
thank you!!!
im really hoping that this hurricane does not hit us as bad as its supposed to :/ fuck being on the 3rd fl with this kind of weather !
the amount of gingers outside today is out of this world.
Well then, you just confirmed my theory that every city smells horrible. NYC smells awful as well.
Common ground on #Jobs Sought? You're a sot to think we'd believe that. You're a drunk and is creepy.
thunderstorms everyday of #ala11, I thought it was supposed to be overcast a few days. I dont want to take my waders
I swear this chick is a smut
Okay, Rulli, I got one: Living like a pirate in 1970s Key West with Jimmy Buffett.
My mom didn't buy me this magazine...World War I is about to go down. -_______-
i'm supposed to be writing an english paper
Waking up in 6 hours... goodnight moon
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
We listen to The Ready Set too! If you like him, you'd probably like ! You should check them out.
you silly!!
happy late birthday to my awesomest idol <33
chufféd, n. a hard packed snowball, traditionally eaten with maple syrup and gravy in a bobsled.
is fourth on the #Spurs in scoring. He only trails a few unknown guys named Tony Parker, Tim Duncan & Manu Ginobili.
Just a simple Lil lie
Shout out to everyone who was involved in the snowboarding competition @ Hoodoo. Our staff had a great time, and a big shout out to Cakeatr!
If you want flipping to work then the learners must know they will be expected to show their new performance on the job.
Hey fatass who is trying to get in shape, stay the hell out of my gym. This is only for those of us in good shape
If you don't like the situation...always remember -you possess the power to OPT out...
The Run for the Door 5K & 1K fun Run in Sterling VA is open for business on Active.com.
up late reading geeky stuff about DAWs, VSTs, and other alphabetical music related applications
Selig was incredibly candid in both his interview and his lecture, especially given how Ozzie Guillen was still dominating headlines.
Looking good Austin(; <3
Prepping to watch the sunset.
": Anyone know how many boxes of Girl Scout cookies are in a serving?"
Follow to see #marchmadness brackets from and more
Ausgang featuring Hongs and Jazzilla at the Electric Pickle tonite. New wed weekly STRUT! DJ GRACE JONES two sets .. SOULTRAIN SADDNESS : (
Without God's word we are all in trouble.
I agree with
On my way to soundcheck now.
Tell your girlfriend to stop leaving her clothes at my house.
haha I realized that all the new clothes I bought are black and grey. Plain jane teacher with multiple cats is my destiny...
“ Never tell friends every detail about your life. Understand that not everybody has good intentions.
Colombian hot mates for hire story may not go over for el Presidente. This fiasco smells like a drug cartel deal gone bad.
YES! I've been doing just that with my son, too! Right now, it's bowling.
Keep it up
If I had a wagon I'd go to Colorado.
Thank you so much! RT : - Terrific pizza!
Crafty parents: your children are welcome to accompany you to our Nov. 12 Launch Party. We'll have a fun craft project for kids to enjoy.
Awkward band moment: showing up at the venue and no one is there but the entire place is unlocked. LET'S ROCK! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
brainstorming requires that you suspend all judgement. Even judgement about crappy beer.
bummer man!
where my jersey girls at we still got like 5 weeks.
:-) We'll have to do something when our funds are refluffed. Would you & Jory have any interest in seeing the...
