#RIP Donna Summer
damn that's expensive though haha
is gonna write a song called "Brierra" one day.
Who's taking off work early tomorrow for the Milwaukee Brewers Home Opener?
DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 p.m. Saturday, March 31, 2012 as well in Indianapolis, Indiana
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Well, we are honored to be such an intimate part of your's and Marjie's life! Congrats!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! :D <3 <3 PLEASE.
I just sent an E-mail and I will look forward to your response. Good luck with the conference. It sounds like you have a winner!
you're just figuring out now that something is wrong with me?..
Do you happen to remember his name? We have a few...
Listening to Michael Buble's Christmas album in May because its just that good.
I love energizing my brain by exercising it.
thanks for the follow!
let me know when you want to line up at a light!!
I lost both my parents over the last ten years. This is the hardest pain you will feel. Be strong, Lizz. *hugs*
Kobe and the Los Angeles Lakers will play for the Championship in game 7 tomorrow Thursday June 17th @ 9pm eastern 6pm pacific GO LAKERS
can we have fries yoL0
After 10 hrs at my day job, I do 7 hours of sound. First up to bat tonight will be Resurrect the Machine.
He had a very nice "HEAD START"
Maybe browser then?? viewing in firefox and looks OK to me
I wish it never ended with a heartbreak.
Drunks aren't that creative. RT : Am i stoned or drunk?
you could entertain kittens with all of that yarn on your wrist. I'm not impressed...
Welp* no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg.. ill be back tomorroww..
I used to think the same thing... only a man. :)
ugh i might go to convention in az this year. But idk how thats gunna end up goin
just a week left. oh. m. gee.
forgot to tag a brother
Well thanks for trying to be nice. :-P
your welcome c:
This was one of the longest fucking days for me
#YouKnowItsARecession when your at the gas station making life decisions
New song called "Smoke One" up Now!!! Peep this track and holla back. Peace
Wanna go to 2 keys after the game. How much were your tickets? Polson "shoot it". We're better. Cal doesn't have to cheat.
what about preschool?
Advantage Pittsburgh: Brady Quinn being the answer in Denver. Go ahead Fox pull Timmy. Browns fans would wonder 'who's the 3rd stringer'.
And the winner of the NYC Technovation challenge is... Element Quest!
DALvOKC getting chippy, as you may already know. Amar'e punching glass, bold. In other news, MIL remains in purgatory until comp. rebuild.
welcome to the tweeter
haha let's go then! I go in 2 weeks lol
We love you too, Jen! Congrats on all your success this year. We are a grateful and thankful for actors like you.
I will lol and I know she gone be like "tell lex the Don I said what's good"
So I heard all time happens at the same time. Past, Present and Future.
Forever not paying attention as she walks, just tried to wander onto an active set of The Newsroom while they were filming.
They're proud of their sexy time.
About to drop down and get my #egaux on with , ,
Playing this Thursday with ,Marcel Camargo, Rob Perkins at 7pm in Santa Monica www.hotel-casadelmar.com
": yeh fine, why? I'm irish arnt I, we're hardcore" he's right ya know.
*hugs* It's a vat of BS you're in right now, believe me I know. But I at least try to be hopeful at the very least. :)
I know how many opportunities has Burris been given to show that he sucks every time
Yay :) I have a mini job during the day!
Had a greatt day !
My bus smells like a Skunk..
Thanks. Keep your eyes peeled.
Here, too. Cannot WAIT for tax season to be over.
LOL. "Shawols" always reminds me of "Towels." Wait...haven't I told this before?
we would love too! Something like Relay is something we would do FOC but because we're a startup we don't have Capital...
It took me over 20 years, but I have figured out how to forgive!
Best to you on your birthday, doll !!
I like him one minute and the next I want to get up and throw a chair at him. blehh
I think the DEA will pay dearly for this one. I bet they are calculating how many millions it will cost them to settle this one.
RT Sometimes I'm overwhelmed by my inability to give a crap.
#ImJustThinkingLike ...... What our future will hold
Sometimes I think that it's our kids who get us ready for our day and not the other way around. Go rock that photo shoot.
Killin time at Starbucks with a latte while waiting to pick up my sister from work. No, she doesn't work at Starbucks...
Hello, Austin!
. ends w Sandy Stone quote: "Don't teach skills. Teach competences..Computers can do better things than that."
Just managed to get my open tabs down below 20. That may be my biggest accomplishment for the day.
well Faith, its a party that 10 beautiful girls throw to launch our homies denim line! & bc we can! RT what is #WASTEDattire ?
you mean a Kernel Density Map (aka HeatMap)? Those can be very misleading & inaccurate. We've been experimenting some though
Shout 2 TeamLilKim! Hope everyone has a great day!!
Dear I followed :)
My new song is on it's way to youtube at the moment! :)
Would be nice, but I don't honestly think TNA can afford more than they already are doing.
Dortmund fans sound awesome. Every time the stadium announcer says someones first name the stadium echoes the last.
I didn't like going back to school today. May need to start a countdown to the last day of school.
if you are a true pens fan you follow
I've tried. he didn't get back to me. I'd love a guest mix from him!
When "politically correct" translates to discrimination, it is homophobic. I won't fly Delta. Will you?m
OH at the Waffle Window this morning: "Can u tell me more about the coconut panna cotta?"
got married to a man + is old+rich, got a date w/ a man, and a non-human animal celebrated for her breeding.
Break a leg!
Wow, thanks Mark.
That is pretty cool. Now if they'd just put it back in under "more" I'd be happy.
she all ready accepted my relationship request of "It's Complicated"
TheFunnyRacistHer forearms held his forearms and with her legs wrapped around his calves she devoured him It was luscious
Long time no tweet. Thanks for all the new daily followers! Lots of new culinary & cocktail tweets coming soon!
Fuck it I'm wide awake now
I Have A Bully..
hi Lynn! How are you? Lol I luv your avi!
get the gold ones, those are sick!
#thoughtsduringschool "I wanna go home" "why can't the clock move faster" "I'm hungry" "Can't I just go home now?"
he couldn't put the same numbers because of Wade
thanks! I love yours also :) hah I just buy magazines to take out the one direction posters, I don't even read them!
lmaoo we bout to sweep (:
Love: "The purpose of education is turning windows into doors" -Glen Gilchrist
pdx -> sea. time to interact about interaction.
Good morning Teddy Bear what about the female casting :)
my dvr and I are having a date tonight too!
usually with those "experts" it's about 90% bloviating.
You Rock!
oh shit lol....how u been though?
1 more hour of work.....
Carmagedon?! Thank you Los Angeles for bringing many happy tourists to Las Vegas :)
via my dad "why were Bruno & OD the 2 slowest guys on the team out there that early in OT???"
this sounds really neat! good luck at the conference - i'm gonna go read your paper now :)
I think you can hate something, even though that is a pretty strong word, and still appreciate it!
So our base looks kinda drab. They are planting a flower garden. I suggested hiring graffiti artists for wall murals. Sometimes I don't fit
Suggestion – Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
try assigning the external drive a new drive letter that doesn't conflict with ur DVD. Something like E: or F:. Know how?
40 days until Easter, clown! That's a lot if shots you're going to miss out on!
Whores will be whores...
#Thethingis Check out , Fashion Events Music & Sports updates.
I think they're great machines, and yeah, the new processors are supposed to have much better built-in graphics esp.
In honor of all the people you kill, Sharks this week, we celebrate you!...
Long workday? Dinner and homework help next on the agenda? Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
Does anyone have a Large Thunder jersey I could borrow for May 11? We're debuting our own mascot and he needs a shirt.
I'm heading to the FIRST World Championship today. But first, I'm going to a preview of the new LEGOLAND Discovery Center.
Lucinda Rocks! Her CAR WHEELS ON A GRAVEL ROAD is an almost perfect LP.
Sweet! Watch out for my fastball though!
Sure thing! That's our favorite too! :)
MT : Our Teaching & Education Career Fair runs from 12-3 PM Thu. Apr. 5 at PPG Alumni Center. RedID required for attendance!
And with unionized domestic PV manufacturing!
hey! thanks for the follow (: be sure to checkout ! (: have a great day! xoxo
“There’s a lot to be done while your head is still young” -
Just remember, you kill it...you eat it.
Stay positive tweeps!! Success is 90% mental! You can alter you life by altering your MIND..
thanks for being awesome to us at our first event! Ladies love bartender Bob at Beer School Bar!
dirty filthy icky self. sweet show vt : ) driving home
#favouritelyric and though time goes by, I will always be in a club with you in 1973, singing 'Here We Go Again'
I can't see Jake's page, it gives error. -,-
Are you guys ready for your first day back?
I'm really excited to be sharing the stage with some amazing marketers today at #lidigital. Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
One direction<3
How are everyone's resolutions?
Safe flight! Good seein' ya IRL.
I love that song :D
St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland. It made him a hero to everyone except the one guy that made his living as a snake charmer.
How many of them brush their teeth in the shower? (Answer 4% of the general consumer populace.)
At Seau's the Restaurant celebrating his life
I did too lol and i want a shoutout, how can i get one?
u a mom mya?
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Okay thanks(:
Cause everything is never as it seems
Super bowl the only day were you actually watch the commercials
- i honestly don't want to see the Astros move to American League. Send the Brewers!
I have no idea what last place is like but I bet your radio station does.
Rashad dont want to take me to get something to eat
How TF does harden have 3 fouls ?
There's an old saying about those who forget history. I don't remember it, but it's good. Stephen Colbert
#immvt active learning is different for different types of learners
I want to go buy pumpkins...lots of them...
that makes no sense
thanks for coming tonight & sharing your passion with us students! Big thanks for making the connection too!
Good Afternoon, Houston! Don't forget tonight is Anime Night starting at 7pm. Tonight we will be watching Asian movies. Come join the fun!
Thankful for wonderful partnerships - LookingGlassPhotographs
O, so next item on the agenda is the road trip! I'll txt y'all later to setup deets.
Things are Rockin! at this little library for little people and their big people. 45ish people is the space of an ave liv/din rm. All Good!
Ugh. Just woke up, feeling shitty.
When I was younger, I would put my face close to a fan & talk to hear my robot voice...
is most likely the sexiest person alive
#thingsnamedafterdowntonabbey I've already named my ipod, my car, and my dog...naming my laptop William for its stability and sweetness
Man seeing a tweet about taco bell really makes me crave it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;P
#FACT...HE IN MY CALL LOG....HE IN MY TEXT MESSAGES...#HEMYHO2!
Payin a lil trib 2 Whitney's #ILookToYou album. Not the voice we r used 2, but still some good Whit pop/soul
You make a good point. cc
Thanks, Olivia! I'm pretty sure we had a glass of wine or two when we came up with the name and logo!
20% Off Coupon code: TheHookup Get yourself some hot new clothes at www.Lunatikclothing.com
roger that.
Also bubbl.us for me RT : Remember to look up: tiki toki/ timeline & many eyes.
i wanna get a tattoo >>>
Q2 Maybe mention some of the really different libraries. I was fascinated to learn that Disney and the Pentagon have/had libraries.
I freaking love it! Been on repeat all day long. Favorites are "living in the moment" and "93 million miles" right now
Keep up the great work in Georgia!
I wanna meet new people
Ranger things have happened!
"If your in the mid west or east coast & wanna train #MMA R the spots to go. Get your #MMA game up! #FB"
Describe what is was like being Interviewed by MSNBC's "Tamron Hall" on Friday? Did she cut off your Microphone?
Nice shoes. Theyre in the way of ur lovely feet ;)
Going to take my permit.....wish me luck!!!!
Who's excited for this weekend?!? I'm looking forward to a great event.
Saqib and Marcelo at #warmgun design conference. Great speaker and panelists line up. Good event.
Tell your friends to follow us on facebook and twitter!
You can only fight fire with fire so many times, until everything burns down
Tomorrow Friday.. Damn this week went by fast!
No, no. Thank you!
RT : A very happy Follow Friday to anyone I missed -- my followers are the kindest & most fun. : ) Yes, I mean you.--DITTO!
This is perfect weather to enjoy an Iced Latte and cup of Tiramisu. Stop by and get yours today!
Friday W.P. Pizza party at Max & Ruffy's! Ever wondered what the W.P. stands for? Go to our Facebook fan page to win a free box!
is he dead?
"Follow and RT to win prizes from the Mega Giveaway II"
not yet! i will as soon as i get home;...WEDNESDAY! :))
Watchin notorious sore as hell...
Great night! Lucky girl!
harley could you please follow me, ? ;)
A TARDIS would work perfectly!! Now where can I get one?
Hahaha!! Think I saw kickstands on those boots RT : were u guys dancing in slow motion?
I love looking at 's pins!
Love you guys! I've taken my family to a number of your performances--what a great group! So glad I got to hear you on Tues.
or. . .both combined!
#Chicago City Council is honoring a heroic Naval officer on the 25th Anniversary of the Iraqi missile attack on the USS Stark.
Certain people just make others they work with better. Might not be flashy, but take good and make "F yeahs" happen. Know anyone like that?
Thinkin of a master plan
good mornin world....
" Use your boobies for good, not evil "
RT : Join us every Tues- International Jazz Organist Tony Monaco w/ Derek DiCenzo & Reggie Jackson: cover only $5
After the attack Kevin Nash-a, Triple H got a strong brain concussion and multiple fractures of vertebrae.
RT : Member engagement to drive down metabolic syndrome is critical. What new solutions should we try?
maybe they were just Hungrey an needed a cool Place to stay?
tweet tweet :)
MY BOY ROCKY LAYETH THE SMACKETH DOWN ON MIZZ N TRUTH... JOHN CENAZ LADYZ PARTS NOW TRENDING WORLDWIDE LMAO
Twitter. The ultimate "me, me, me…" There is no conversation here.
what are some of the words in it ?
tx bro
thank you so much! So happy people are reading and enjoying! Happy new year!!
Draw lines. GOP wants to extend tax cuts for rich - but not support for the unemployed.
i still have your mom in my phone from folklife 08. Thats really weird, right?
Can't sleep
I'm so confused... Since when is she a writer? Lmao
idk it's really weird o_O
I'll have you living life like you should. You say you never had it so good.
Spin class makes me far too aware of my private parts in a public place.
That is located between Tower and Pena on Green Valley ranch blvd
Make sure you are tracking your #traffic sources. It will save you money in the long run.
Hey twitta what's up
cute screen name!
I Love #TheHungerGames Great Movie Your Beautiful With blond And The Color In The Movie lol
did you sleep all day?
Take one step at a time toward your goal, and always measure your progress along the way.
Hey People! Guess who's on the Twitter? Follow him!
The Help is one of those rare movies that can change how people treat each other. Strong theme. Great characters. No silly chick flick.Real.
#Funfact: some of the same equipment used in building the #Alaska Railroad was used in the construction of the Panama Canal.
Austin's Year 2012 !!!!
Mortgage Master Names Donald Henig Managing Director, National Sales
Confidence is easy when I focus on the successes in my life. Each day I feel more confident in my abilities. | via
i don't know much about algebra but i know 1+1=2
#OneWordThatDescribesHer Beautiful . Just Beautiful...
31st. And school and work :(
Has anyone committed $ to advanced measurement platforms, or do we all still rely on free tools and elbow grease?
OK maybe, MAYBE, there's a slight chance I'm ready to admit that I was wrong. SLIGHT CHANCE. :)
i want ur book soo badd! i havnt had time to get it but im sure i will!!
but if u do i cant break my promises to my gf and her 4 year old daughter Alyssa
not sure what ur comment refers to but I'm black and Latino and I hated the BS I got from black and Latinos while living in NYC.
I know, right?
I'm out peeps, later.
See everyone at the Bucks game tomorrow!
Work... That sucks! But, #YouGottaDoWhatYouGottaDo right? :P
This is not Miami
Uranium contamination in Punjab: Parliament panel slams Centre - Hindustan Times
superstar! we need to get together, it's long overdue!
:) RT Hotel Carlton has free wine every afternoon and awesome dude straight out of Hot Chocolate playing tunes on electric keyboard
I think in the US they would give naming rights to the artwork for that amount of cash.
I've finally found the one thing that the government actually does well, enthusiastically and effectively: bureaucracy.
I am wise. I knew they would come in handy. In the future. Which is now.
2012 #SGIAExpo Exhibitors - Don't forget to check your inbox. March's #ExpoExtra dropped last Thursday.
Gym. Tan. Drink. We call this gtd. Fuck gtl
New writer's diet. Red zin and a bucket of whily-popped popcorn. This outta last me until 9:45... when I run out of booze.
Really good #social tip: Have your small business on multiple social sites but dominate one.
Boxy sent me some notes for a meeting I have to run tonight. She used Comic Sans because she knew it would annoy me. What a great sister...
It's crazy how the other day I was that freshman that didn't know where the bathroom is, Now were about to become the seniors
Toronto is coming out ahead on that deal!
Apparently the Knicks want #itsdifferenthere to be the hashtag.
teaching isn't showing students what you know, but where to go....
yes, a lot of times ill open a menu or something in flash and only get half of the menu, this is getting very annoying
Heading back to Boston this morning!
Can they afford it? RT : #MLB plans to announce tomorrow, at City Hall, that the #Mets will host the 2013 All-Star Game.
Don't have a Facebook cover photo? Don't panic! We still have our $97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th. Then the price...
That's deep
Watchin the cookout 2...this is a funny ass movie
I've been reading the summer MECA brochure - SO many classes I want to take! That techie class looks exceptionally good...
that's good! Mom said you were making a pretty quick recovery! Prayin for you :)
where u working at now?
Tuned in!! “: Here we go week 2 starting now!”
I have roughly 700 pens in my car
So to talk about stealing money from the Housing Production Trust Fund just doesn't make any sense!
RT rtnailed it. RT : cold is finally here {and snow}
your glasses are as big as your head! ;-)
Two words: Cloaks merch. I need new hoodies for my move north. Just sayin'.
Pooty tang was a horrible movie
hi you would get 50% refund. You can also transfer the full value to our LV show in January.
hell yeah but urs is too!!! Where were u goin?
Thanks for being amazingly fast and getting me tickets for !
Pizza of the day: blackened chicken, roasted peppers, and sausage. Just $11 and free toasted ravioli if you mention tweet!
So much blue down here
I SEE WHY EVERYBODY GOT
you so lame
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's J Bowra, Paden Norelle & Sketch along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!
People who live in the moment >>>
I am so lucky to work with such crazy talented people.
good luck to any softball teams still playing.
Nah, seen it tho. Any good?
it's real. It's the truth. It's why they serve. We all need to be thankful for this.
Pull up in that Ferrari, this bitch in disbelief.
Why is there always one #dumbass that starts a fight in the club.
Haha, that's okay. I can do messy. Lol.
I don't remember your personal.
Rhythm of the night" is mad baleric larry
It's raining elephants and giraffes outside....
Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than himself Philipians 2:3-4
Our clean & green team are out their keeping Midtown looking good despite the bitter cold weather.
What symbols would be useful for organizing a Participatory Budget Meeting?
so glad you liked it!! :)
Gorgeous sunny day outside! Hard to believe its only 46 degrees out and will only get to 60 today.
What inbox you mean direct message ?
If Bynum gets touches.....
Just heard Jane Vanslyke passed away
that it is
lol that is awesome!
LET'S HANG OUT EH?
I turned three guys down for you why dont you feel the same way
ask any midget ...nd they will tell u life is short
Heey will u follow mee back please(:
Ill just text you :)
I dont wanna die in thew hunger games, but i love katniss
Disagree then agree. Staal is a unique talent because of mix of skill, size and hands. He's Marc's size with Eric's skill.
#livetweets from church: "god will never abandon us." Unless you're gay, poor, or not an American.
yea ok way to say good bye
let's hope so! Will I see you before SMTown sometime this weekend to pick stuff up?
Are you sure? even after requesting a refund?
wanna play? Haha
i love gilly hicks :) the clothes are so pretty :) #wearingagillyhickshoodie lol
follow me I'll follow you 8~}
followed you :)
No, seriously, who wants to join my Joakim Noah Pizza & Guns Club?
Can't wait to see tomorrow. Watch out New York here I come !
No school for me...out shipping an shit
Met a very interesting tuba player turned flutist in search of the perfect head joint yesterday....
when I get that feeling I want sexual healing lmao
I somehow forgot how wonderful Eric's Trip were. Thanks for the reminder
But in Barack I Trust!
thank you
thats all that matters! :) keep doin what you love! :)
is the greatest of all time #teambringit runs
Good Morning Everyone. Have a fantastic day
Is the state of CA going to give me my tax return? Or will I be getting an IOU?
Moe's with My Mama
#CyberMonday Deal of the Hour - Free $150 CityWalk Coupon book and $50 off a Universal Studios Package for 2011 or 2012! Call us at...
Success is moving from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
that's right. Star students.
How Me Sum Gurl
everyone keeps telling me i seem 'off' with them recently, oops:l
Amber Live tonight featuring performing at 10PM-1AM! You don't want to miss this performance!
Thanks for the shout out Eric! Much appreciated!
Jasmine Andrews talks about her experience as a student, JOMDC youth company member and now outreach program teacher!
Thanks for the follow, Sounds like you have the perfect family!
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all
A Christmas Bash thats unforgettable for the Grown and Sexy #Shadow Room..Ladies free until 12 fellaz $5..Its going Digital
If you read one book every 3 yrs like me, this wouldn't be such a big issue #ImOnTwitterNow!
have to see how my night goes tomorrow
Thinking about you mnakes my world go around and around.
I will email you Bruce. Are you still awake?
Have a lot to do in a very little time. Hope I can get it all done. Took too much time off over the weekend
your last tweet;p
On a scale toe to head, I'm at about the ceiling in regards to school. Make it end. I want to move on to get a job / actually learn. #ugh!
Maybe so. Not a bad idea. Might cut into my #ActuallyMakingMoneyAtThis plan though.
Amendment on the House floor right now would block Justice Dept. from defending the health care law.
#RETWEET THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM FEB. 24 2012
I'm really not sure. I think we'll find out though ;) I'll be generous and not judge him immediately :)
Don't worry, I share your paranoia :) I worry about unforeseen consequences of mining the data
a brimmed hat?
you would retweet that with no mention of Richard Jefferson so it looks tawdry.
whens the next match?
your a dummy...wyd tonight?
That is my new favorite site. I thank you profoundly!!
i cant wait to hear about the blogher conference! where is it?
I had the same thing happen a month ago.
Our EP is now available for FREE download at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com ! Download it share it with your friends!
miss you girl x
Southwestern College Hoops Program will hold it's1st of 2 weekend basketballs camp in May.. Contact for info
here in Texas living the dream:-) Where are you sugar?
I wonder if Manny Pacquiao learned what The Bible says about gays while reading it to his mistress?
Foam rolling my quads was so incredibly painful today. It didn't help when my cat jumped on my hamstrings half way through.
Sitting on my couch waiting...:\
Depends on if this team wins a NCAA title. If they do it will be one of the top three teams of all time.
I can't stand people that smoke or do drugs. It'll eventually kill them so they need to stop. It's like they want to die.
And it's going to get worse around the globe. People suffer when it comes to monopolies.
Follow us on Twitter today or We follow back.
you guys threw the most beautiful baby shower ladies!!! Xo
At it again bright and early tomorrow!! Have a great weekend everyone!!
oh fuck you and no it aint so go away thanks >.<
your going to follow me before I graduate right? :)
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change. And you will not change unless you change something you do every day.
My day is finally settling down. I can't wait to get to Pittsburgh for the NCAA Tournament!
kiss me I'm Irish!!!
Reading Training on Trial by Kirkoatrick...good read so far
Staff inservice day at Sandusky Library!
Eric Pickles 'curry colleges' and the secret of chopping onions: Government hopes centres will address skills sh..
Did you know that we brew NOVO COFFEE here? A.K.A "Denver's Best Local Coffee Roaster?" Congratulations NOVO! Try some here.
shower shower shower time. feeling a lot better now. :D
home goods
I see you girl nails done. Hair done. Everything did.
O_o good luck bro
Oh yes, I've heard. RT : I would consult for all things art & cats
Used the GPS on my phone to help a stranger find directions, only to realize that we were already on the cross street he was looking for.
Feeling adventurous? 4.2.0 beta is out! Tons of new features. I'm updating the docs now. Please let me know of any issues on github.
Parents who abandon their children, don't think you can pick up where you left off in the relationship. Children move on without you.
Thanks for the RT, I can always use a little help! Stay safe!
Uhmm beach windy not cool
your salt and pepper link isn't working
Friday nights really suck for tv. I am watching baseball out of sheer desperation.
looking like June.. When u back?
Bus and plane rides when you're sick are the worst. I'm also sick today. I took a real sick day today to recover.
thanks for the heads up!
“: I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?”I'm here <3
#FredWillard cameo...AWESOME
I would love to connect when you're back in SF. Give me a shout when you're in town!
thank u so much, u r totally #Awesome!
just in time for the UNEXPECTEDLY long ass line already in progress! :/
Appreciate having on the show tonight. Now its time to watch do or die for my New Jersey Devils
What's up cuhzo???
that seems very freaky. I wonder what sort of permissions were needed from his family/estate before doing something like that.
I walked home from work last night--or should I say, bounced! Gorgeous evening, Miss Flaneur!
I posted a review under Brett's name () on 3/7/12. Great book- I recommend it to everyone!
Hi Kali! E-mailed you.
i'm over these playoff refs.
How this nigga get mad bc i talk to others? Nigga if u respond to calls and txt more then i wldnt but hey ull learn one way or the other.
Joe Henderson wrote "Inner Urge" after waiting in an especially long line for the mens' room. Return of #kennygjazzfacts !
Two hours looking for some paperwork, and still haven't found it.
There's only a sure thing with people who is part of your past...and it's that for sure they ain't gonna be part of your future
Glad you enjoyed it :)
I'm never going to get a car the way shit keeps going
"What's Love Got To Do With It?"
thanks for the follow Amy!
Lots of this to look forward to :( RT“: Teared up a bit last night in London. Dangit.”
me neither!
I'm so sorry to hear about your back.:(
I hate that L can so easily surf through netflix. I try to hide the fact that Dora is still available on netflix because I am tired of it
Awesome night
Anybody else feel like it's impossible to get anything done at Starbucks?
I LOVE #WhoppiGoldberg!
That's awesome - I love it !! You're not alone my man !! Keep it movin !!
I can understand why Serena is pickin on Lola, she annoys the eff out of me!! Lmao!
Now following~~~>
Its good to know that your loved
you have more dude your awesome
whatever kinds. :) whatever is good. Our latest sign is DJ Mourad. Formally of Aaron-Carl's Wallshaker Records. We do it all.
Host Suzanne presents an exercise routine adapted from Western African dance movements, accessible 2 fitness enthusiasts of skill levels.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
it's not common to see dudes in the regular gym doing Olympic lifts
Show this Sunday at Skylark Cafe on west Seattle. Playing with Sap'n!!! Our fav local band! They are so much fun to see live.
: Thanks to for designing our jersey! :: The pleasure is all ours! We love being a part of your great ride!
What do you mean by there was lots of different listings? Do you still wish to send it to us for representation on the blog?
oh, mmk :P
Two new foster dogs - Dino and Beth.
Best passing ever.
Where do you want us to come to in 2012?!?
Dust, you seen Alexis's dad?? HE LOOK LIKE FUCKIN RICK ROSS. WTF. Red car, red diamond rims. wtf.
yo bitch shut the fuck up and bitch you cold have you him cause he wouldnot be trying to talk to me hahahalmao
lol "I only have one degree from Harvard, he has two. What a snob"
20 yrs ago we anticipated a surge in crime that never came. Shouldn't we change our policies to make up for that mistake?...
Reality is leaving behind the old structures and seeing what is. It is a constant process of change, investigation and acceptance.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your "relationship status"!
the thursday, friday, and saturday before Easter
Guess what? Chicken butt. But seriously...we go live at Jerimiahs on Monroe for happy hour. Come drink a Common Man
At the skatepark with my broham
Will there be a make-up show in SF for Veronica Falls?
RT : Crowd just arrived at Frank Ogawa plaza, old home of #OO. Now a street party blocking 14th and broadway, with music by...
MLB.TV iPad app is amazing and totally worth $. Opening day is right around the corner!
#HMG isn't only hip-hop! Stay tuned for more music from early this year!
That's probably a good idea. Thanks for the help!
RT : "It is not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts." -Addison Walker
Just got my butt kicked in class. I needed it.
Three more days till best coast!!!!
Everyone says you cant love someone else until you love yourself not true loveing someone else makes you learn how and why to love yourself!
And when I said 4, I actually meant 6. Damn. Time flies.
These ppl out here spending their last on a 176million chance to win the lotto...that ish cray
thanks, i appreciate the support.
there is an argument about fonts happening
Hey--Congratulations!!
I had a guy come up to me at a bar last night, and ask why I was wearing heels instead of flats..he said flats were more flattering.
Wish I would have been at #MSG today. Thoughts from those who were there to see the show?
"You can't break my heart. It's liquid- it melted when I met you."
did you see Todays new episodes?!!?
I'm losing interest..
ok so I liked this boy for a long time now and now my friend likes him to! Thing is she never knew I liked him to!
Your just making your case even worse... sucks for you I can't change their minds .... (:<
NO LIE
It's not just the inflated costs for F&B at AMC--its the long lines for food service. Poorly staffed--poorly managed.
Ask if they sell snap-tight coffins
Happy New Year! - Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, & let each new year find you a better man. ~ B. Franklin
I see. I hope you get a nap today!
Read your bio & really liked it - so I decided to follow you (along with your other 16k followers!) ;)
Commodities consulting role with top 25 law firm in NY; temp to perm. For more info email:
how do you make people bf's
oh oh! me too! I think drinking wine makes you more of a
I cannot wait until they figure JP out!
copy that
They are setting you up:) it's coming...LOL
On a cheerful note: Hey, how about those <some sport team> I could give shit about? Watch Rollerball and get back to me.
aw im so sorry that was a hacker that sent that to everyone on my twitter account :( :(
Mary and i are going boating tonite with Vince Vaughn and his fiancee
Off to see in #Louisville today...it'll be this July for multiple performances. On Sale Now.
I don't even get the whole trending thing really, but woo hometown pride
I don't know of rap is at a high or low right now.
i can't wait for summer omg. i get out june 11th, when do you?
Ah, I wish #bradfordbeach had an organic juice bar :)) - if only there were a mobile juice bar that could park there...bahaha
: I love you back! And I can't wait to read about your adventures now that I have time to do more besides work and eat.
Oomf is desperate for someone to text him.... Is it that big of deal I mean really,, hahaha
Hi Elena! How are you? Getting ready for your expeditions in S.A.?
I am a HUGE FAN of so far...amazing service, fabulous drinks, delicious food.
I'm declaring that by God's abundance my needs are met!
Seen on my TL, I checked out her page. 1st off girl bio is on point! 2nd I like her avatar pic! Lol haha Just Showin love! :)
Waiting for this Aleve to kick in so I can go for a quick run. So beat. I need another day...
"If you fail in originality then succeed in imitation."
looks like actor Joel Edgerton from the upcoming film 'Warrior', if he lost a few inches and had any testosterone
So I didn't plan on cutting my hair again for a LONG time but I think it's time..
No (but thank you). I mean does it bug you when you're mistaken for an old lady?
Omg so do it! Irresistable! Yum! Haha lol and btw you seem really chill! :) haha
Just bought my ticket to WordCamp in SF
needs to happen...no more talk!
yeah. I guess I expected a harvest moon.
Wishing you luck for your upcoming June test, ! :)
Girls that "assume" drama and believe everything they hear. >>>
LOL! Where is that Flyer offense? NJ Devils have to go down. They beat the Panthers last time they were in the playoffs.
Great year Great year, great effort.
Thanks for sharing, Kate. We're pretty fond of it too.
this week? We are about to put out the new one!
So many of the people that you deal with confuse me out of my mind...and I work in juvie!
Jordan's facial expression's while performing.
How amazing.
Yup! It showed me you guessed cookie & passed. Went back to 1. And then back to 143.
You know, i"ve just realized something. I DON'T TRY HARD ENOUGH! Things will be soo much better if i actually tried.
same with me for chamillionaire.
#Denver #ShineYourDivine with us 4 the Child of Light Conference in June!
Dis mf gotta be chopped......yu mess wit my friend nigga!. Tf?. Ugh mfs be irritatin...i really dislike dumb ppl.
I get to go home! Yay!
GO WEST !
my favorite actor at the moment is and my favorite actress at the moment is :)
#IHateItWhen I see a church usher wit initials tattoo'd on her neck (scares me that GOD mite have came already)
Who needs Siri when I have Bubbi (a.k.a. Nana, Abuela & Grandma)?
I love lightning boobs.
I should sleep. It's back to work tomorrow. Should be an easy enough day but I still have zero energy and get easily queasy with food.
"Life is like a confused teacher first she gives the test and then teaches the lesson."
Hey, #edschultz "countervailing" is an old Galbraith word. Perfect in this context.
steve francis is definitely use to the "finer things"
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (jfb-ed)
Woohoo, thanks! #Winning MT - Congrats! Pick up your gift card by the end of the week!
that's me too I very had a bad comment on my report card
Kids 12 & under in costume EAT FREE ALL DAY Sat, Oct 29 - Halloween, Oct 31!!! Come join the party!
well there was a RIP rowan atkinson hoax but other than that i don't know what else you missed
Thanks to dedicated speech-language pathologists in schools, homes, rehabs helping people communicate effectively, improving lives.
#itsallfunandgamestil someone gets done what they have done to others.. Karma!!
dish dropped sny, yes, and msg. No local ny sports on them. No cable line into house, no fios, n 2 yr contract still.
RT : Yes! We do. Next Wednesday? // sounds good to me, I will confirm with you by end of the week! Blessings
but my tweets still will never be as glamourous or classy as yours, obviously.
It's gonna happen
I'm down for a Swansea match....
Hey how are you??(:
Big thanks to for speaking with us at HQ today
Blind commitment to a theory is not an intellectual virtue: it is an intellectual crime. ~Imre Lakatos
~Thanks for the RT!
8 Mile never gets old.
you know you churchy when everytime you answer the phone you say "God Bless You"
That's right, sorry. Were all those Californians born with those big houses? Did they just grow organically?
follow and please :D x58
Nice find
yes, need to because this is the blue print of how they will do to us.
Basically I like many genres of music. I have rhythmn in my bones. LOL
This new welding job is tough. Thank goodness I only have three weeks of school left.
It's sunny but it must not be that warm because the snow ain't meltin'.
true! but like he was gettin sick the other day then it just went away the next day.But now he's gettin it again. Weird lol
appreciate the FB like and the tweet. Looking forward to your social media insights.
dang that joint is beast
do i get to eat in this house... someone make me food.
You're like a stalker....
Look im finna excuse myself from dis band tlk b4 it get ugly cuz i aint even n da band
 ... No, seriously... Where we going?? I wanna go someplace fun... 
It’s a beautiful day to leave work early, sit on the biggest and best patio in Shirlington and work on your tan while you enjoy a cool pint!
So where is everyone watching the game today ? Anyone having a steelers party?
RT : That's awesome! We just finished up our 3rd race this month and in full marathon training mode!<---get it!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good overview of Autodesk's embrace of 3D 'Reality Capture' as 1st step in the design and make process, by Gonzalo Martinez.
Laying on the couch I'm sure I'll pass out
And Suzie needs a lock on her mouth because her mouth causes to much drama
So how are you feeling about your Fantasy Football team today? Kolb and Stafford owners scrambling now to find replacements?
haha yeah your probably just partial...but I like yours too !
Kesha got some pretty ass eyelashes or some good ass mascara though lol
Homan thanks Lester, Rector Jones, and Dr. Pepe for the groundwork that has been laid and the shared vision.
People are so stupid. Choking people to have a seizure and get high.? Deserate much.? Wow..
it's supposed to rain some tonight and some thunderstorms.
I'm up to date on the comic of #thewalkingdead. I thought the TV show was pretty good, but editing could have been tighter.
I'm down on my knees I wanna take you there! Not pitchy AT ALL!
Got too aggressive w/ spam blacklists. Lost 3 legit emails. Parsed all logs, notified folks & requested resend. !Pretendo to have mailed me.
Wrapping up the birthday celebrations with an expensive Italian dinner. M
I'm clueless. Better than being a stalker starting stuff on Twitter.
Standing in line at the tax office. Kill me now. Poor wife did this with 2 kids...
Fuck school. I don't wanna go. Uugghhhg
my favorite flower.
ha hate is a strong word.... And how do you know it's not YOUR phone?
scraps is a dog. and pretty cool w/that. RT : It's never too late to be who you might have been ~ George Eliot
Oh, you cheated on your beautiful girlfriend with a hoe that looks like Chewbacca? Good choice."
in regards to ur other Tweet...I got a fireplace!! And I've got...wait 4 it...wood! Ha. I kill me!
Haha I'll just stick to my hammock and sandals, haha.
RT if you are like me and watching the superbowl just for the ads
HAPPY HOUR IS IN 25 MINUTES!!!! who's in need of some hot food & cold libations?!
he was being ass to me -- so, I just decided he should buy my entire travel wardrobe and my summer clothes as well. :)
It's the job of those people to keep us humble. I rode away thinking, Why yes. Yes I am.
- Always thought this true...
aw #ToTurnToYou is so amazing!!!! :')
If you don't vote for , then we can't be friends. #TeamAdam 1-855-864-2303. VOTE FOR TONY!
He was on it?! Almost enough to make me tune back in. What was the theme for the night?
We believe that those who are more prone to child labor activities should be the focus of our CSR. - Mofe Boyo of
sleep? who sleeps, didn't you know sleeps the cousin of death.
oh my gosh. Thats ridiculous ! Best movie ever. Whats an actor got to do to get some acknowledgement around here.
Thanking GOD for another wonderful day #blessed #thankful 🙏
OH MY SIMPSON IM GONNA MEET CODY ON SATURDAY IN NJ IN TOYS R US
Running off of 3 hours of sleep....
i wish i could find 20$ randomly
Since I don't fuck wit no more I unfollowed dat ass
Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !
Happy Sunday..Just returned from Orlando, Fla to celebrate Casa Latino 1 yr anniversary awesome meeting n luncheon on Sat. Congrts Carmen!
Let's face it, the state created the mess it is in and now its a political hot potato to get out. Going after RDAs is short term.
This week has been insane, and yet I still feel like I got nothing done...
": don't eff w/ , she's a Zorastrian Priestess."
We all have that one friend that is like family!
#FF I am a huge horror junky! I my not be able to support u with money but I will definitely support with words!! Good luck!
1/2 When my Dad doesn't think I know what mardi gras beeds are and he tries to explain to me what they are...
Or you succeed RT : Key to success: keep trying until you die.
At for burrito madness!!
Parent and Community Engagement workshop this morning at Kent ISD!
Beautiful evening at #Dodger stadium. Ready to watch the boys in blue beat the
Mew too. It seems to be the only thing on TV.
Family Guy! :D
Thanks for the heads up!
yes I do!
I'm glad that I have 10 people in my life that I would call friends. Fake sucks.
Did you miss our presentation this morning? Not to worry! We are presenting again at 1:30 pm in room 316
Putting pictures together for my album packaging. Decisions, decisions.......
double date!!!!! hahahhahahaah cant wait
need a babysitter by feb 1..suggestions are welcome
Happy Sunday to all my new and wonderful followers! I appreciate you all! www.kissandim.com/register
I've let the bullshit slide for bout 6 months reached my limit run and tell em that. Cuz that's the truth that's as they say "real talk" lol
1 1/2 hours on the phone with AT&T. Transferred 5 times. 20 minute wait each time. Each of them tried to sell me direct tv. Are they nuts?
Kick push coast
Nothing like a bonfire
Oh...and , I finally watched the Community pilot episode...and am now looking forward to tonight's show.
Jan can u pls follow me back? <3 I LOVE U JAN!
“: So tomorrow off to Hawaii !!!!” have a great trip. didn't receive our invites??
So why would last.fm think Al Stewart goes w. Steely Dan? Maybe that one chick's clueless comment in the VH1 Storytellers documentary?
Going camping in Malibu. If i don't return, i was eaten by dolphins. Do not mourn for me. I died with porpoise.
Yes...I got it! Did you get this?
#Madonnas new album #MDMA will be released tomorrow!! Niiiicccceeee!!!
Looking for the best breakfast in #Austin Any suggestions?
what happen fam
Thanks for the ReTweets -
For market share perhaps, but who's buying & would they even if they could?
we do that for sure!
“: Rip donna summers”i know im sad abt this... playing disco at the gym today :(
RT ": I really enjoy MATH!"> You and the rest of the 1% of the population
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA, you perv. and my mom loves you and your brother so she'd probs just be like atta girl
I stay in cali..In the valley
the program is GarageBand, and the mic is cheap, but works. Will be upgrading eventually.
That makes sense... RT : Fischer: "we must choose between homosexuality and liberty, because we cannot have both"
Getting ready to start the forum and we have a great turnout!
: Yes -- that would be great!
it's my dad's birthday today...but he's out of town
Does someone maybe want to come give me a back rub? Favor will be returned.~
I get lonely at times ! Lol fuck couples!! Aha
“: Being defensive in tough conversations will completely isolate you from someone who might really be able to help you.”
Mel Gibson is a psycho, zealot & racist. I just watched "The Beaver" and it was excellent. Crazy psychos are the best artists, historically.
New article by - Best Practices for Reaching Employees Who Do Not Have Email Access: wp.me/pZXZB-5a
LoL, that's what I figured! But I'll make sure I put you on the guest list when I throw the next one! :D
I need a girl that's dtc.
#imisswhen Drake & Josh was on the air
Cuddling with my pillow & blanket & listening to Robin Thicke <3
love to see you, but we're in Austin TX these days. Ever get this way?
Im looking for a gentleman, will it be a guy named Cody Simpson, I think yes:)
Kason has little league practice tonight, hope weather stays nice for him!! He got a new glove and new cleats today #baseball ⚾
Please help us. SOS!!!
I know, right? The very definition of firm handshake. So handsome, too!
When I mean egged I mean egg.
Glad to host the event on campus!
Haha, I'll cause a ruckus
You Didnt Even Give Izela Credit
It's kind of like saying to someone, "I don't wish you a happy birthday," and then handing them a card.
Please like our facebook page so you will always know where the PGH Craft-O-Tron machine are!
Walking against cancer!!
It sounds boring, but get yourself a copy of the U.S. Constitution. If you don't know your rights how can you defend them.
Exec Producer of Blair Witch? Filed Bankruptcy. Bad investments or screwed by the system? What do you think?
Feels like a monday.
well we'd like to do both but why don't we come visit after she's born? Maybe we could even give you all a mini Otto break?
LAST Chapter of My Secrets is up guys. Go and read it.. I know it's a weird chapter but let me know what you think. ~Leanne<21
At the movies, with Megan! Breaking dawn is going to be amazing!(:
#DearMom. The only sad part about my birthday is that yours is three days later. I miss you horribly. #RIP. I love you.
It's the last weekend for the National Western Stock Show, don't miss it!!
#OPTM has some great tips to enhance the workplace. We usually tweet some lines from the book, so keep an eye out for the hashtag!
Have a #yelp or #foursquare app? Check In during Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of #MangoLassi!
When in Rome...
Bombay Ranch tonight :-)
Combo, I set out to blaze my own path and realize I'm inadvertently following footsteps of others. Humbling to say the least
Memphis RUF is about to dominate the Spades tournament!
I will argee with your love of Coors Original. ;-)
Need to make some money today. Still trying to get hired...
thanks Timmy! And yes we will!😏😊
<3 you deserve the party part at least!
Did that beer taste funny or what?
#love MT : Driving on wrong side of road. Cop: Have you been drinking? Me: No I'm just an American! (Felt so bad he let me go)
That's awesome. Congrats on the fun of seeing your words come to life.
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
Never underestimate the power of suggestion.
Awesome! RT : DOCTOR WHO is filming in Central Park. I am therefore going to Central Park.
"LMBOooo RT at first i thought everyone was late but then i called and she told me school is tomorrow."
Since hair is made of actual fire does that mean if I touch it I'll burn my hand?
My boyfriend is adorable.
Good. I need to be connected to you to twin :D
Liam and danielle(:
That is a nice financial landmark, it looks like you and I are on the same flight :)
So videos paired w/ listings instead of YouTube are far more likely to net best result thus arguably more valuable views?
inspired by #Angela Dabney at today's AFP Salute to Philanthropy lunch - great ideas, great talk!
If you're in the UChicago area, send us an e-mail or tweet! We're very accessible! :)
Just drifted off thinking about eating a m&m cookie standing next to my house and was bigger than my house, #hightweet lol
President Obama turns 50 today...
Producing post Pats show with calling in 617-779-0985. Bad loss by
The new iphone 3.0 software could be a real advantage to teachers. The textbook support looks great !
watching your first episode of Six Feet Under. Your character was so awesome!
Sometimes people just won't leave well enough alone.
Thanks Everyone for the #FollowFriday #FF Love!
haha, I didn't think of that!
"Vanek fails to connect". Hmph... Heard that before. If #1 line doesn't get a point tonight, Hodgsen should center it in
Seminar was fantastic. See it before Alan Rickman leaves it on Sunday! Well worth the thesis break!
All in good fun, plus need to keep it all mixed up with the sites right? I still need to work with a few on custom photo sets.
Thank's guys for all the #FF's and shoutouts will make sure to return them all soon x
yes and i get to write a nice big fat check
Thales~ The past is certain the future obscure.
I'm going to The ky state fair too to see Jake, it's free!
U punk ass u never calld me bac Im Hurt lol
Watching the emmys with the love of my life Jason and our awesome dog Maxwell..
FCC proposes adding $$ to Erate fund to support digital literacy training in libraries and schools. Comments due in a mo. Important!
That's what I was just saying!
Sri Lanka: Veteran Tamil activist and humanist reaches 88 in exile
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. John 3:17
Finally finish with this paper and it only took me forever and a day 😞
Happy Birthday, Ron! Enjoy!
sure. Ill be at my dads house though
that's what I've heard. I'm just looking forward to making even better friends out of all the guys I've met already
I need a love that's crazy, don't you see. I'm looking for someone who can handle me. Need a fire so hot, that it burns me.
This rain is so bright(:
Hey Adam, Pretty sure you're talking about an old design. We never put it on a shirt though. Stay tuned. New Brewers gear soon!
Not funny....
Just had a refresher on Lana Del Rey SNL appearances in the office. Where were you when you watched for the first time?
Who is coming to Jacksonville, TX this Friday to rock with and us?! Well you are cooler than everyone else...in the world.
#edcampis session: try a flipped classroom with a mixed ability class. It can help avoid teaching to the middle, & help engage wider range
how are you feeling?😘😘
That would be good. I've written about genetics and it's kind of a moving target. So much discovery happening all the time!
Movie recommendation is Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction"
Follow me I follow back:)
LMAO RT : Blehhhh it makes me wanna gag when I see wack rappers RT'd on my timeline
A person that truly loves you will never never let you go. No matter how hard the situation is.
wanna win
'Smash' features Bollywood fantasy number - Lansing State Journal
good girl im at Macy's now
"No other success can compensate for failure in the home." ~ David O. McKay
That feeling youu get when your crush calls youu "babe".♥
lions or packers??
Congrats & Happy 25!
letz c who's was right all along... I warned u, told u, and TRIED to stop u from getting hurt....
aww thanks it all my team I just get to be the finished product
The wily and elusive Starred Kirkus review has been sighted, in the location of my friend 's Wild!
SAKE BOMB Excitement overtaking me
Well that was just plain rude.
Great interview.
You done with school yet cuhgoddess
I don't have any good employees
Starting journey to #webwise to talk #ohms #oralhistory software. Excited to show newest version of OHMS but even more excited to learn
Omg , flores and his team will come to Brazil this month,could not be more excited Love You my love! Please answer me
Freeloaders annoy me.
Can this school year be done yet?
Interested in ALLURE of the SEAS? I have 5 cabins left for June 5th at lower than advertised pricing, deadline is Thursday.
I know, punk! But, the time is coming! LAKERS tmrw, bro! Heck yeah! Sorry I didn't get to see you when ya'll came through! Loves!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
shoutout to in Thailand. Thank u for your support! :)
Last minute decision… not leaving until Monday
Great work with Magic Bullet Arsenal. Looks like a solid investment.
Heidi is on vacation in Australia right now, I wonder if anybody told her there is no Lakers season? Come back to NESN! Damn you Kobe!
again, totally awesome. did you guys talk about the 22nd for yoga?
Love how ABC just listed James Jakes as being on rain ties.
Great memories of #Buffalo! RT “: Congrats to Pearl St: their Summer Ale won People's Choice!”
Has there been entry I missed or is the market "messy and dynamic" just by definition?
Men In Black sounds like a porno...haha!!!!
Appraisal should come at beginning of life cycle. I get that, but wonder how that works in practice.
My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun.
"Lord, help me enter into that peace which consists in having put my life in your hands." -Carlo Maria Martini
It looks like #Eli is #MVP going by the #NFL dudes paper
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
#LibraryStaff meeting right now & another meeting at 10a.
I miss neighborhood night games... Those were the days
La Bella Spa Salon at Hard Rock Hotel Albuquerque is offering 10% off any massage service today, March 21. Call now! 899-5557
if there hadn't been about a mile long line to get in..I wouldn't have found it either! But if you get another chance, go!
maybe you can teach me when i come for homecoming
The txt msgs i just got -__-
oh, we won't soon forget the "what's there to hide?" remark by Arne Duncan.
oh so casual.... Nice gelled slick hair. You should try it(;
I like Pagan in the five-hole. But will he go back to the top when comes back?
Your obsession with my sister is old. Get a new game RT : It's not like I clicked the #disown button.
most definitely
Agape book signing postponed! Will post new date soon!
RT The Expendables was everything I hoped it would have been, go see it kids.along w/ Randy Couture
Enjoying the weekend?!? We have what you need!! Stop in and see us. Open till 9! :D
Hope ya'll are ready for some intense dance lessons! We'll be teaching Cleveland Shuffle & Watermelon Crawl starting at 8:15p!
Oscar Meyer wienermobile spotted in the 94 near Chicago!!!
I think I'm more of an Amy Fisher-type, but I'm pretty adaptable.
hell yes...totally believe they exist.
you are beautiful! <3
Damn!! You do have a way with words (; LOL! <3
Im just livin my damn life til its OV! Judge me if u want...who tf are u??
- i bet you bring a pineapple to your next bbq!
Working on it. The Cirrus is safe - for now. But I can always eat more of your lovely cheese.
No. You either have killer instinct or you don't. And he unfortunately does NOT.
I want what I want and nothing else!
Is #wcpdx this weekend?
Visiting some cool places with a cool welder artist tomorrow morning. The adventure continues.
I swear some of these costumers are so fucking rude!
I fucking hate how dependent you make me.
DADSif it sounds too good to be true then it is not true!Dad paid $500 to online co.out of CA to help with divorce,he got no helpSCAM BEWARE
I don't want skin cancer nor do I want to get wrinkles. Versa spa is more safe lol
plus you tried to lightweight clown me lol et was you who turned
Jason Latham's studio, producing (Mike Beach's) 6 song cd! I also have interview @ the Christian Women in Media Association 2nite! Gr8 day!
grounds for immediate dismissal.
RT : Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left. Once we hit 70, we're closed.
for all da games! Let's go Canucks
Hope NATO won't be like the 68 police riot. 50,000 protestors said to converge. Better use every phone camera to capture everything.
Pop quiz: Where did #Michelin announce building a new $750MM tire-making plant – China, Mexico or South #Carolina? Answer: SC.
Cover will be wow omg
Liz is like an owl, she sees everything.
Don't shoot the messenger. I'm just doing a community service here (on a social media service!) ;0
how about the "all stars" compete next year!
Ha! Totally. Crown supports many things we support: Grudge Rock, Pencil Fighting and Partying. Also, Soto is pretty rad.
Gotta make this sweet tea last since chickfila is no longer with is at Madison square. #RIP /:
Currently working on some new accessories for the home and the summer, stay tuned...
follow me?(: <333
I know my mom always love me, and that's why i will always love her♡
Do we think writing a scene in which someone is drunk--after having had a few glasses of wine myself--is a good witch, or a bad witch?
Good morning people have a great day and don't 4 get to stop in to island frydays today for lunch or dinner we open at 11am and close at 10
Enjoying a nice evening watching the grammys... Might sketch a bit
RT : This is how the #bankatlanticcenter should be! Great win for the #FlaPanthers!!!
the guy calling the Ohio State game on the radio just said "knocked on his keester".
Hope everyone's not too tired ;-) See you in a few! Happy Monday
#idonotunderstand why we have to waste 7 hours a day, 5 days a week, for 13 years, of our lives in school
Stealing candy from a baby, much more difficult than the saying would imply.
Another great day awaits :). I'm exhausted from the awesome crowds yesterday at but I know today is going to be great!
thanks so much for the mention!
thanks to for the album mention!
i cant use chopsticks :( i feel lame with my fork and spoon. hahah :'D
Thank you for having such an great artistic eye. You rock and I'm honored to work with you.
'There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.' -Buddha
I can't stop missin you, wish I was still with you, I wish I could know what I really did
I absolutely cannot wait for hye mrtsoom like omgbecky gonna be the most epic weekend of all time
GEAUX SAINTS..............I SAY SAINTS 27 BEARS 24, gonna be a great game...lots of points..lots of penalties.
Are people really that superficial to only look at the exterior?
ok thanks (:
For all our followers at Intel: We will be selling cupcakes in the RR5 cafeteria today from 11-1. See you there!
In morning editorial meeting. Talking about warm weather with snow coming
Finally putting Manning on his ass. Let's go
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature. She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's barely 8am here and I have 4 guys lined up to breed me today.
I assumed he made all those recent bone-headed moves because even he doesn't think he is coming back.
First polls close in one hour! Bring on Super Tuesday results!
it was last week ....
We've recently become addicted to Goose Island's Spicy Ginger Soda, and now we want to know what your favorite local brewery is!
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you have it made.
no problem! I bring the writers dreams to life by acting :)
lol if I had that much now I'd fly out to LA hahaha
Of course we have choral practice the day before prom. Not like I have a million and one things to do that day.
Really upset we this way
thank u for being on MLB extra innings tonight!
denim chicken
WHY DID YOU TWEET THIS
This making a website project <<<<<
Aoki was back @ surrender last night he was awesome.. Come check out surrender tonight only
I can't believe I'm at moondogs.
I can't believe we're graduating in a month.
Got an interview with the Buffalo Bills Monday! Mama's bout 2 cake! Paralegal, nissan sales consultant n now the bills holla!
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow Somewhere a single tear streams down Jules face
The GolfWashington app in both the android and iTunes store now has a "Click here to book an online tee time" feature. Many club included.
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Jeffery Sparks ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Darlington, SC ⁰Travel Team: Pee Dee Elite ⁰Power Forward 5’9
ONE DIRECTION RUN MY VAGINA omg, greatest trending topic ever. brb dying
definitely check out - it does EXACTLY this for all grade levels!
thanks for texting back bestie!!! not
i'm sure there's at least one dude in a pinstripe hoodie
just woke up from my nap, now time to go take a shower.. then sleep gain c:
: Desert Companion Magazine wrote him up as the "rocker" Nick Cave....ops!
Oh wow.. so exciting!
Philly up 1 with 40 seconds left...
its warm as hell out here
Tako Grill currently serves a special TFT menu, featuring 6 sushi rolls, baked salmon, steamed chicken and 8 kinds of veggies.
It really put a smile on my face! cc;
who cares anymore brittany is old news
We need a windy day to blow all the smoke out of the valley
follow me!!! <3 im going to marry Robert (; *rig a bell*
yo music is real as hell. mad respect for yo work
Retweet us to get some followers! Or go check us out on FB. THEN follow us :)
This lean startin to kick in jus a bit
Maybe I'll go for the Doritos loco eye shadow
hit me bruh
I am about to order these "Ching's" wings now, #Winning❕❕❕❕
Anyone got a #rottentomato?
D3 as in Diablo 3? Because I'm about to take a hammer to the copy of that game in this house...
It is going to be a fun day.
Huge win in OT tonight. Got a big one at home saturday vs BW as we start league play for the 2nd time around.
feeling overwhelmed after writing my #todolist for tomorrow... ugh how am I gonna pull this off
I NEED TO ADD MORE ADMINS.
Get Ready!!!
Very close to final "Columbus, Ohio" anthology submissions! It's going to be a great book!
Yup, Smith was pure class & we barely laid a hand on him at all in the second half.
I won't disagree. :) Glad u were able to connect. I'll be watching twitter to see how it goes. Believing God will use him.
sorry man, but OKC has gots to get by San Antonio first
yeah yo. That radio isnt really doin it right. Damn Clear Channel messin it all up 😔
i live right by train tracks. idk when the next one is tho...
Thanks Fu! Lets Go Baby for 2012
Scratch that goodnite tweet. I still have shit to do LOL
Of course.
If it still hurts, you still care. You're only fooling yourself by pretending youre over it.
LOL.. BTW my bros r going. i might go to the tna show..
Cheers to the freakin weekend. Rooftop action now at Eden lounge for Happy Hour.
"Trailblazing Military Women Fight For Equal Treatment" #huffpost GOP tells them: get out of the plane & into the kitchen!
The #RIT career fair is today. Good luck to all our alumni applying for a job! And also to our alumni hiring. :)
Twitter blowing up w/ At The Drive In reunion news, am I the only one here that never got into them? Which album will change my mind?
Long night and day time to rest
All members are having a great time networking with other youth councils across the nation at
IM BREAAAKIN DISHESS ALL NIGHT. uh huh
mid-week travel is throwing me off, didn't realize tomorrow's Friday!
Wow finished the march, tough as hell
My phone ain't had no Play
Any obsession is dangerous. And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like.. #jeans, it's very dangerous!!!
In the doctor's office with my El Salvadorian 3 guard. He had back surgery not 2 long ago. All he talks about is he's ready to play.
Austin loves ALL of his Mahomies! He thinks ALL of us are special, beautiful, wonderful, and amazing. ♥ RT if you LOVE Austin!
The Rangers are the best team in baseball and the second best team isn't even close.
for a second I didn't know what was going on. I haven't cried during a movie since the last song. Haha
": The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories."
My schools dance team is preforming a dance to "More" later in the fall and I have to say that song has some beats dude!! :)
#ThingsILookFor in people around me Loyalty
miss you too
Puerto Rico's slaves were not free until 1873. US in 1860. Freedom, "choice" & family are always bound up in race, class & gender privilege
#PATRIOTS!!! You can do it, boys! <3
ok besides the hacking :-/. You??
you must have ESP--we just finished printing the supplemental resource packets. It's going to be a great workshop!
LA people... is there any place here that I can go into and order business cards and actually talk to someone in person??
we love you Justin :)
I believe jimmy carter and hilary clinton approach to north korea and their current transition is the correct approach!!!
I bet is gonna throw one hell of a #WrestleMania after party.
Plotting a vacation getaway sweepstakes...
Just because you don't talk to each other doesn't mean you are not on her mind.
Me: hey mr lawless can I weld today? Mr lawless: yeah go pour about 5 gallons of gasoline on the floor and weld that!
DFDGRESTDHJGHJG. So apparently Obama ate dinner tonight at one of our family friends houses tonight.. uhhm. Excuse me!? Where was my invite?
In the studio going ham
am I wrong or are Vegas odds not really "objective" evaluations but primarily designed to get people to bet?
Your Tweets are Hilarious I Made a keek Just so you would have another Subscriber
Most embarrassing experience? Do you have any other hobbies besides making music?
Had my first LASIK consultation today. Apparently I'm a good candidate. Damn. Guess I'll be getting my eyes sliced and diced then!
Wedding Planning Maymester class starts today :)
POW! 700 Likes > 300 downloads and the party has just begun! Got an iPad? Check out the Future of Television at ringz.tv. Addictive...
Bouta head to work gonna be a long ass day
I want to see that
Jlo's dress was hot, but was that a wardrobe malfunction??
Somewhere Floyd Mayweather is smiling. Manny was weak sauce tonight!
Michele, I'm interested in hearing what about the character was exciting for her and did she feel it was controversial?
hm. Compromise: You down to cumswap? (google it)
is THE MAN!!! NOUGH SAID!!!
??? this appeared on your screen?
Im kinda FUCKED up im not into that lovie dovie shit no more I feel sorry for the next Ms ShoppnBagRic I apologize now # blame her
Ima go at their necks.
I miss ATDI
That sounds nicer than inservice RT : Weve done seated and sharing with dentists and chiropractors offices...
OMG that looks good. Do you pickup orders? Getting in my car now. ;)
Thanks. It is aggravating, I never had a problem like this, plus not getting treated correctly.
what do you get at veggie grill?my oldest sis likes to make veggie kabobs on the grill
tech goodness
Day 2 of Shiva NADA protocols, where I stick needles in my ear and flail - very carefully.
Don't go! RT : Weather absolutely foul. Debating staying forever.
Big game for the Oregon DUCKS Tomarrow! GO DUCKS!!!
alright I guess.. what's new?
Me either... I don't like that kinda "music" or Boy/Girl Bands in general... too many singers doin one song just Sucks! lol :)
My shows tonight n York PA were a lotta fun. Thanks Grace Fellowship making me feel loved. :)
GoW is really, really good. But there are not vampire-werewolf love affairs; sorry.
Hi Angus. Bet you were the cutest dude at that wedding!
Helicopters hovering over #occupymia. Scary stuff.
I Run A Label A Brand A Business, The ONLY TIME I Run My Mouth Is When It Involves Those Aspects. Other Than That,Im Silent..!!!
Odd #CharlieSheen connection: Hanes commercials w/ Michael Jordan. Porn star connection w/ Jordan Capri and Kacey Jordan. You do the math.
Do you think pages will become more of a destination?
Tennis' No. 136 is still a winner - Houston Chronicle
for sure! :) and here's to that!
Follow me please(:
Went back and it was still there. Crisis over!
RT: BREAKING: Jeremy Lin will have surgery for a torn meniscus. Out six weeks.
Thanks Bro
I have been twitter MIA recently:/
I wonder if you have given me a shout out? Hm, how about it?
Much appreciated!
thanks to that special someone...I really needed that nap
Woke up with a nose bleed 😓
oh...well she petty for that
We have 5 days here, still difficult. Was ten days.
Knottz Soak City!
I just got a call from someone very angry. Anyone want to take a guess on who it was?
Great Day To Be Alive! GDTBA
Thank You
I wanna go.
do you ever party in the south side?
