Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Lexington Children’s Theatre! All Caring Club members...
over-rated. I leave for food & water and then back in!
Thank you Sean for RT and support!
that's what Dave was telling me, ha!
Omg so many people are cryig. I just wanna give them all a hug :'(
Passion... Pride...
palm beach gardens having a brewsky at the bar(:
dude! That's damn awesome
Wanting to study abroad is a good thing! :) Where do you want to go?
going to work on the mural today, will share more photos later today! :)
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
This is great info! Thanks for reaching out!
happy anniversary! Congrats on 8 happy years & many more to come. Miss y'all!!!
So which one did you choose? We hope it was delicious!
#Fitness happy thanksgiving
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;)
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
hope to run into youz guyz!
thanks so much for the support! :)
. Lou really needs to put the crack pipe down.
Wonder what the punk is going to do without his entourage in jail. Only a chickenshit hits a woman.
I will PackABag&Go to Dayton to surprise Mom on May 4th not a surprise now? :)
Dropkick Boyd. Done.
Looks like a great deal! I would, but have a long day ahead the next day, so passing on it :)
Finally going to see Girl with a Dragon Tattoo today! The book was thrilling. Hope the movie stands up!
Im allergic to jealousy.
Good meeting with & Tony Hey & Jim Ptaszynski today. Learned more about & potential areas of collab re: scholarlycomm
<3 u boo
In other news, add Christie Brinkley and Vanessa Williams to my Please Stop Tryna Whine Yo' Way Into Relevancy plea list. (cc: Ryan O'Neal)
I know, we don't even talk anymoree wahh.": I miss you too :((( RT ": miss you locaa !""
I'm going to bed.
i just want happiness.
I'm going to check out show tomorrow. Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the Lashman Love!
If sleep is so important, then why does school start so early?
Sweet action.
Did get a haircut for today's #prsmsummit ? Looking' real nice!
It's American Education Week...How are you celebrating?
Why hello.
I'm thinking an agent or a manager.Need one.
Tip from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood: Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system!
#NW: We Were Soldiers.
Talking about getting my daughter to soccer practice on time & properly dressed. Wife: "we're talking about practice, not the game"
"She's just like her fat friend." wtf nigga?
Why do people have the need to shit on my sunshine?! Just because I'm in a good place in life & you're not happy with yours? Grow the F up
I play dumb homie..but never been a fool
yeah. If I have the spending cash. Heh.
#Romneygate. Anybody wondering why and how #Romney's clip on health care didn't play. I suspect control room drama.
To be fair, I am more sensitive to violence than most, I think. I have a hard time detaching & remembering it's fiction.
For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God ~~Romans 3:23 (NIV)
Cheers to - they put on a great show in NYC at
Brian Barr from will be on Paul W Smith between 7-7:30pm on WJR TONIGHT. Tune in now!
Good luck!
Let it snow!
ITS ALL GOOD!!!! HOWS YHUR MUSIC BEEN GOIN???? Follow me so i can give yhu my number
then use that as an excuse..or even I am here on business so sorry...
But mind, only if the pearl sellswell
By signing the NDAA, you have committed treason. How does it feel to betray the American people and be an enemy of liberty?
Sometimes the biggest impact we can have on the world is the way we live our own life. As Gandhi says, “Be the change you want to see in the
I just love you more!
French Montana & Travis Barker >>
“: ok!! What are you wearing #bikini” -- poncho, gloves and hat. Scared of UV rays.
Boston down town where it all happens
Nope RT Is anything more scary than Snooki being a mother?!
"Grace is an entitlement to power, not an excuse for powerlessness." ~ Elisha Hale
can I bring the kids to Guy + Girl party today? If not I will probably miss it. I really want to go.
A "good morning" google chat from was all I needed to keep me going this morning! I'm so lucky to call him a friend! :)
Hanging out with #dariamusk on google+ - Amazing voice, great concert, Thanks
It's show time and the house is packed! Bring on David Garrett!
"You have choices and you have consequences."
Yeah, you're missing a pretty wild time. Your house is crazy right now RT : nothing beats working till 10 on a friday night
aw...thanks! Glad I could help. Just one of the many reasons I love Twitter
Sad thing is if its negative in Hatch trial I promise stand your ground going to get bigger because now its showing race but George Z M??
jesus i guess i need to get on the ball lol.
Would like to use learning communities concept with freshman seminar class
Canadian Pacific Comments on Pershing Square Letter to Shareholders
thanks. I made it. I enjoy doing graphic design. :-p
is it a wrist strap for your GoPro because that is what I bought with mine!
: hey! I will be on a few planes going to a show, and might forget,remind me tomorrow&i will 4sure!
Finally metal heads get their medication.
I've been doing homework for over 4 hours. 😖🔫
Why thank you and you're very welcome. :O) Have a great night. :)
ATTENTION STEELERNATION.....RT : “: IT bout to be one hell of a year bruh
Listen close, this will be the most concise telling of the new OT rules you'll ever hear
Really, Naunyn-Schmiedeberg? Did you really HAVE to do that? No one thinks of the cataloger.
Multi vehicle crash WB 18/151 at Bus. 18/151. Possible vehicle fire. Avoid area.
Im really fed up with you not being here with me, when you know love is all i need. <3 I love that song. 702-Get it together. Ayye..!!!
I feel like im the only one that still listens to One Time ....
Sounds like a familiar situation: 46, 208 pounds, want to get to 185
I'm having a bad hair day, but I am almost giddy because I can wear a ponytail. Growing my hair back out. #bigdeal in my life.
First Nations want say in health regions - CBC.ca
: If your ads aren't pulled from the Rush Limbaugh Show by Fri, I'll be canceling my account. I love Netflix! Don't make me do it!
I know! And looks like he's dived right in. It's glorious.
RT : Bottom of 10th in Cleveland. C'mon #Tribe!!
A big thanks to our servicemen and women today! Thanks for keeping us all safe!
though not tomorrow I gotta be somewhere at 10:30
yes : You ready to shoot?
please never retire
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, March 13th, 10:30am "Cookies are My Favorite" Everyone loves cookies even the Big Bad Wolf.
Anytime!!(; lol :D
night school at skyline tonight...
Had a Norton that went 100+ in 11 sec.
and potatoes gonna potatoe.
One of the best lessons I learned from my dad: "If someone says, 'This is the way' - run the other way" -Jack Bahler
Public disclosure of the most tragic #ChildAbuse & neglect cases necessary step toward fixing problems inherent in child protection systems
so how's your Sunday going?
How are you going to celebrate Kass' birthday, ? How about a customized #Caribbean #yacht charter!
Just a square. RT : daft racist RT : Tried to. Saw the word "funk" and got bored.
$30 for Dynamo Stadium parking?!!? FUCK!!!!
#nowplaying Orphan. Really? He's an architect? Hollywood must envision that upwards of 86% of the country outside So CA are architects
a yu wanna roll wit me all day tommrow my Senior Exit Project 2mmrow
FourSquare fun today! Got a free baked good by checking in! Try it at Simply Yummy in Reynolda Village!
I just go where the spirit moves me. This feels right.
Ronsard's Mignonne, allons voir si la rose ... a little rusty in parts, but it all comes back!
Not looking forward to office people wanting to talk hockey. Quiet all year long until playoffs. WATCH THE WHOLE FUCKING SEASON
Wandy has been great tonight...hopefully we can finally get to Zambrano.
CAPS GO LETS!
I miss my litlle sister : (
the yankees
Getting ready to roll out and head home. Baby I'm coming home!
From now on ...only looking forward & only talking to people who are gonna lift me higher rather then put me down. Some real shit.
To everyone who listened to my show thank you and i'll se ya'll around!
you're an asshole
if i was normal all your lives would be VERY boring :D
any1 please help me gt tumblr
Typed out half of my paper, time for me to get some sleep.
is ramisa gon' go on it?
Why did you have to buy a HUD house? On hold now, trying to get you some answers!
For fifteen cents a day, you can feed an African. They eat pennies.
Sometimes, you don't need eyes to see, but a true heart that listens.
Can the Mavs beat the Heat in Miami tonight? We should have probably shipped them some Chicken and Wafles....
#Butcher, Ghost Story. Did you think getting killed would stop Harry Dresden? Excellent urban fantasy series getting darker & more complex.
is SolStarMusic's AngelSweetSwaqqin funky raw singer/songwriter guitarist gurrrrrl [:
5 tweets away from my thousandth tweet
CONGRATS!!! You got it! Next time you come in show your ID to your bartender to claim your prize. Thanks for your support!
Happy Easter :)
Happy Birthday Twitter! Without you, where I would enjoy life online a lot less.
That's it! You're blocked!
Man.... This is about to be a close one. Lets go Lakers!
Its like everyone took advantage of the weather today and decided to wear shorts,,, even girls that shouldnt be doin all that O_O
Getting stares for singing while I walk to class. Headphones are broken, I need some sort of music.
Impromptu screamo covers of all time low on the bus
Trying your hardest still isnt good enough.
Always had questions in how we'll score the ball. That's no longer our Achilles.
Yeah Midori... you bombed it (WINK)
can't wait to see in San Diego this Friday..
Already have a lot of homework and my elbow and wrist are sore from tennis! But it was still a solid first week of school!
just because i say i love you doesn't make it so..
Misery? Really?
I agree that magazine apps spend too much time on design and not enough on content -- NYTimes app is guilty of this too.
Watched Dariush Mehrjui's HAMOUN (Iran, 1990). Very good, somewhat Felliniesque, needs new subtitles that don't vanish on white backgrounds.
RT re-read article on Friday Night Lights. Great article about a great tv show...
sounds like the perfect excuse to get in better shape to me....awesome competition!
Checking out The Young Rapids out at It's gonna be good, y'all!
The ones saying he should be benched for his one off game on Sunday.
you goofball
Pacers vs
good man. How's the SnapBack and tee holding up?
I guess everybody already 4got about JOSEPH KONY nd hw much they love WHITNEY HOUSTON -_-
Great place, always a lot of love in the room. Lived two blocks from there 20 years ago, was one of my faves!
LaMarcus Aldridge is probable tonight vs. Minn. with a sprained left elbow. Joel Przybilla is doubtful with a sprained right knee.
Goodnight Sweet Dreams ^_^
I can't wait to go home tomorrow.
Look forward to hearing more about it!
This Florence + The Machine MTV Unplugged Album is Phenomenal.. May 8 | Radio City | NYC
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Road construction at 183 & Cameron
Well, someone is convincing those studios to invest millions in incredibly bad movies. So, they are apparently dupe-vulnerable
#nisoEbook panel discussion with reps from Project MUSE, university press (Temple) and publisher (Springer)
Cultivating positivity is a conscious choice.
Sweet! You'll be near my neighborhood. Thank you for trekking up this way. See you tomorrow!!
I'm just saying. I see a lot of you people supporting wack ass artists; yall wouldn't know real music if it hit you in the face.
people follow me
i jus wanna lay in bed and do nothng ,
The Project Runway Expedia commercial makes me want to kick puppies.
Don't forget to use the "Search" feature in Twitter - It's a great way to connect to others who have relevance to your niche!
On the phone with my love .
The Chicago Bulls are 11-3 ATS this year after a game where they went over the posted total by 7 or more points.
Whenever U have a problem, Just sing ur favourie The problem is better than UR VOICE.. :-)
ICC Auditorium 7pm TONIGHT: Screening of Fugazi doc. "Instrument" followed by a Q&A with Jem Cohen and Ian MacKaye. You should probably go..
WHY DO THEY KEEP CHANEING TWITTER
#itshardwhen you find out the person who you were closest with, is actually the farthest friend.
Doesnt get much whiter than that RT I learned the lyrics to Danny Boy today.
I'm one of the biggest #sports fans anywhere but this #LeBron James hoopla is bullshit. ZERO #NBA titles, AND he's a quitter.
And a big #ff to as well!
I was just messages by a pro baseball player on Grindr.
HEY!!! Champagne & Chickenheadz
The Chicago Bears Suck Ass and They Can ALL Go Take A Flying FUCK into Lake Michigan...GO PACK GO!!!!!!
I'll get right on that. Um, what is a,"venti"?
Each pack of fonts will contain 3 to 6 fonts each. These will be perfect for you logo, graphic, and web designers out there!
#TRIVIA What are the names of the Olympic mascots? Answer correctly & you could #win #Olympics gear!
I love you!
I did get some weird looks from people in Hobby Lobby when I was carrying my dolls around. XD
the violin.....genius....
Parents can learn to keep up with changing homework
but on Skype we can talk longer and it doesn't cost money
Well still have no clue why #topchef Texas was moved to Canada but who cares when it's 1/2 off tomorrow!!..Thank you Paul!
I remember everything about you, you're the one who wasn't paying attention...
The fact that HBO doesn't start Game of Thrones at exactly 8:00pm anymore annoys me to no end
no shit! Need photos.
Unfortunately all the games are blacked out for the SC Playoffs. Only available in audio.
It's been something like 5years since I've had a hotpocket.
Omg a blind man just bumped into the sign at mcdonalds please use your stick , if you fall it'll be tragic
All you internet people are weird. Not to be mean or anything, I'm just stating the facts. I, too, am weird. So you are not alone.
my Internet is acting a fool... Uploading it right now, biting my finger nails!
Good morning (:
Yes, I'm reading Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION. As says, Best. Monster. Ever. Gorgeously overamped prose, too.
Oh man... and there are Rangers... granted they're redubbed "Dream Rangers" but somehow I think they're the same thing with a fancier name
I do
Really good! Great #acting experience! :)
hey girl. no one likes you and that's not even a real job
I think I am THE only 1 who doesn't care about Peyton Manning. He's an overrated, over-the-hill player. #EliManning is better!
That awkward moment when the sex is over it's 3am and he's leaving & says, " this was fun!"
I swear to god me & my mom have our up's & down's but let someone say something about her I will fucking destroy you!
New online Health and Wellness courses!! Mind your Mood and Conquer your Anxiety www.vubiz.com
If you are a chola then it IS a problem, you don't HAVE problems.
We're excited about the women's team, too. Go Aztecs! I ... I believe...
I love your energy and material. Thanks for all that you do!
+! Dyson Airblade ;-) RT : Can we stop for sec & take a moment to appreciate the technological advances of warm air hand...
Tell us you have a eucalyptus margarita, and we'll see if we can find a koala for you too. ;)
I've learned a lot this year, confrontations something I no longer fear!
Pretty serious snow outside my window right now!
- At best it goes to a game 7 - the Lakers will win the series
The Michigan sphere of influence is far and wide, Craig. Thank you, too!
Cotto Mayweather fight at my brother's house. Happy Cinco!!!
Enjoyed the chat today. Have a successful remainder of the week!
#MyBoilingPointIs very close to my regular point,
Click on the View ribbon and under the Show/Hide group (2nd group of icons from the left) uncheck the Gridlines box.
I'm fr fr scared .. this guy is creeping me tf out ! He keeps tryna 2 act like he's lookn @ somethn else and steady catching glances at me
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. ~ Walt Disney
. I disagree. In Wisconsin we have Green party candidates winning seats in local elections.
Same with me!! It's just disrespectful to them!
Engineer just left with two extra tracks to mix but next week he is coming back for 12 tracks to mix .....WORK!!!!!!
haha wow. Well why don't you go make food? But is it at least good candy? Ha
Happy Wednesday! call/text/email us to schedule YOUR Bronze Sunless SPRAY TAN! your skin will thank you!
#tbb Entrepreneurs wanting the opportunity to be featured on the EEZ TV show I pitched today, DM me for more info! I want to feature you!
I need to go laptop shopping. Which ought to be interesting because I am NOT tech savvy.
no problem!
How excited is everyone for (Washed Out) Tonight?
thanks for the follow!
God flipped the script for Weds at 7PM. He gave a word just for you - Making the Best Out of a Bad Situation
“Only the gentle are ever really strong.” ― James Dean
Thanks for the follow pretty lady
Bitch you're dead.
that might have just sent me over the edge...LOL
not a problem at all sweetie. I'm always here for you honey. Feel free to message me anytime. My names Ashley btw.
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I  U Boobiana! :)
seems like the snake eats it's tail every week now
Oh yeah, I got $52 in donations today. Made my goal lolz. Yay.
Am i gonna see you on later? RT : Just got hit by Lee Westwoods ball on
Jen I think its time for papa to retire and buy Crue a PW50. Full time Mechanic in the future I think is his best bet.
M... B blessd! Joyce
On da road...fifteen hours...God keep us covered.
Yoyo yeah totally wanna come thru?
you have me laughing so hard! How are you? {{{HUGZ}}}
It is going to be a beautiful day in Bloomington. Enjoy our Shrimp Ceviche on the patio.
go choke on a damn burrito
i dont wanna know how much mine gon be...smh
. You can have lots of deliberation in an authoritarian society. That's sorta what China is. || And what we are?
wildin with this glue stick
Want to see soo bad!
Uh oh
Leading Dutch Cancer Center Publishes Data Showing Improved Survival Rates for Elderly Lung Cancer Patients Using ...
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked
YES!!! I hate that. Like they don't know when they've done something wrong. I think they ask to make you more angry...smh.
black widow
What's the difference between having a cold and hay fever/allergies? Are the symptoms the same?
Thanks for the follow, dude. PS: That sumo photo really pains me.
About to enter NY Auto Show with a splash at #Ford #Sony event
Ideas are the easy part. Implementing said ideas is a whole different story. Overwhelming first day back at work.
Think i'm going to see what customizing I can do with sublimt text today, including adding in jshint extensions
I'm a selfish girl when it comes to you
oh right sorry, i forgot all about how much fun band has NOT going to see blue man group, navy pier, and winning awards
As a foodie you should probably look up the pink slime.
he's in a hole now :(
get on the floor with the kids and play...nothing better to refresh the mind
Thanks again to for an uplifting evening. I think a great new year is upon us in #go2012 !
Starting casting for #Rings tomorrow. -CC
haha no some rap songs say that before the song
Proof your a woman... lol
“: There should be a special coffee for parents. One with Chrystal Meth.” hahaah agreed?
The love of a female is both toxic and life saving... Like snake venom
yup my mom is a die hard Directioner! Omg if my dad go with me i might die! lol :/ hope everything goes r8 with u (:
Great weekend! Productive Sunday morning for the Robinsons, now home to relax for the rest of it! :)
I think we all know who the loser is here. Still don't know?!? It's ur children moron. Um, u too.
I woke up with a horrible cold. Blah. I see the bed and a big box of Kleenex in my future.
i'm pretty good, how about you? (:
RT: Everything happens for a reason
Oh my gosh tonight. >>>
love, love, love! <3
thanks lady! See you next week?!
keeps teasing me with performance... ENOUGH WITH THE COMMERCIALS ALREADY!!!
lol ben hates me
You want to offer promotions often that show people that you have something credible.
I love dance club! <3 cute bboys everywhere! ;)
Thanks! I already have. Hopefully it wouldn't happen again.
To Mira Mesa... And beyond!
Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.
I feel even worse what is wrong with me
Texting someone in the same room as you, then staring at them until they get it
ok, figured out the issue. should have it fixed in 30 mins
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
hope you get to go to another show soon. We're going to see Van Halen this Saturday :)
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Got somewhat lucky in Jackpot this weekend & enjoyed getting out of Boise for a few days. Now I'm wishing it didn't go by so fast.
Ever get excited that people are following you/interested in what you have to say? Only to find out they're tweet bots?! LOL ;-)
Clippers putting together another impossible comeback. This WHY Chris Paul deserves all the credit and VDN all the blame.
please email , she can follow up on this for you
best smell ever!
Triskaidekaphobi - SAY WHAT?! I'll spell it for you - you figure out how to say it. Means "Fear of Friday the 13th"..hmm - my lucky day!
It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” - Robert
We couldn't agree more, thanks Apa! MT #FundraisingTip - If you plan to raise $50,000 plus, please use a database. I USE
The 5-year-old is *outraged* to learn that people covered part of the Jones Falls with concrete.
“Success is a welcomed gift for the uninhibited mind.” Adlin Sinclair
458 days until I meet One Direction.<3
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K. Join us in the fight against Autism.
And by that I mean most everyone is wearing sweatpants and dancing.
I love you. but FUCK YOU
Dee Dee.
I think it's really sad that your younger cousin who is in like 9th grade had to give you that answer...smh Mo
We are all somewhat on edge here tonight. Need an escape/a release, but nothing seems quite right.
I'm about to bounce.keep following me...maybe if I get enough followers I can name my followers...
Weight loss New Year's resolutions are tough. Start small and work your way there by scheduling mini deadlines throughout the year.
Chinese is such a beautiful language! I love to read Chinese poems because you can interpret them in so many ways.
Your welcome! Have a great Monday! RT : Pleased to be mentioned as the Top Story; thank you! -Stephen
So hungry can lunch
what's your favorite ice cream flavor? vaniall, strawbharry, or paynut butter?
Best part is the built-in use of Google's HTML5 PDF viewer for PDF search results in Chrome.
With being sold, this is a perfect opportunity for to move into the savings account market. I'd be interested.
Just got it in at the #YMCA nearly killed myself in tgis cardio kick boxing class Go
It's official - pandawinks.com is finally up - under contruction, but official!
Tbh. How Many Real Friends You Got And Trust?
Now we just gotta hope it aint the same one....uh oh...cross reference lol
because you have huge tits
If you cannot bend over or pull your foot up to check your feet, use a mirror
I should just kill you
Good Morning all! Happy Monday
thanks for the follow. would like to be part of your team.
#20ThingsAboutMe 1. I'm taken to :*
guess what! First listen to our brand new single!!! www.purevolume.com/thedecour
Fact: I'm interested in pretty much everything at Stumbled on a collaborative tools session when I was lost and decided to stay.
Congratulations again on your Capstone! Almost there.
Twitter isn't meant for filtering thoughts. "Irregardless" ha I don't know what you're referring too
I feel like if someone wants to hear from me, they'll hmu...if they don't, they don't wanna hear from me...
My movie channels work again, thank god !! Laying in bed watching movies tonight? i think yes :)
the only way I'd know is mailing it to each other. :O We could try that out? I'd appreciate it of you did buy it.
When are you coming to Atlanta?
Happy Thanksgiving on behalf of the entire 7.4 Creative Group!
lost my virginity while playing wagon wheel.
#industrynight begins sunday. hangout and enjoy 1/2 price bottles of wine from 8-10pm. paystub and photo ID needed required. 1 bottle/guest.
lol I think we all know what that medicine is called
i feel you forgetting about me.
It definitely beats my D90 in ISO ability. Enjoy it!
For UF colleagues, I'm tweeting from #hastac2011. Cathy Davidson keynote: the 4th information age is here, and it's collaborative work.
Los Angeles #Dodgers Sign Bobby Abreu To One-Year Deal
#glee omg he for me i felt that he is such a good singer
Raptors is a very appropriate name for a basketball team. I've seen Jurassic Park - very accurate.
So proud!! RT Karl on Miller: "Andre was sensational in the 2nd half. He made some great plays, great athletic plays.”
i hope not long
Thanks for the head's up. So lame.
Rain or shine it's Diva Dash time.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
There are four print issues of this year. And not just newsstand-only, I think. Right, ?
Glad you agree with my sentiments :D Good Morning!
Starr Status Ent. is looking for "Pittsburgh's Own Sunday's Best" to open for Juanita Bynum concert. Keep it locked to WAMO100for details!
When you wake up in the middle of the night and look at your phone and it blinds yiu
We coming for that fucken THRONE
Excited to have you apply!
I love the novella! The form allows for more development than short stories but their length (usually) keeps them focused & fresh
Each person who eats one of our wall of fame prime ribs get their name on the wall. If you eat 8oz more than the current...
Criminal minds is the BEST show ever!!!!<3
I had to look up what you meant, here they're called Corollas!
Happy valentine day GitaLovers :)
sweet! just bought the adsit/jet show only. may play the other shows by ear as it gets closer.sorta wanna c janeane garafolo
With all this beautiful weather we're having, it's a great time to get and go visit some museums. Where you have been lately?
Hi everyone got me sick. Bo him :( lol
Wishing Everyone a Safe and Happy Holidays! www.freereferral.com
Finally finished food shopping ...
Hey handsome;)
I once heard from a wise squirrel trapper that squirrel is good in months with an "r" - so get to trappin' ;-)
Good #ecomonday morning! How was your weekend?
Neither does Mike Davis since they look exactly alike
why are you in a parking lot?
Exactly! Right to free speech stops at right to private property. Maybe the right-wing thinks we nationalized Clear Channel?
“You have to ask for what you deserve, and not feel guilty about it. Do not put yourself on sale.” —Suze Orman, financial planner
ha I wish someone gave me a compliment ever...congrats on your upside! Nice.
Real nigga real problems
I don't like it lol wet drawls isn't good
you always need Lysol...what about the rain boots?! You should really just Lysol the air Trish!
Luckily we've gotten lots of help :)
Carl annoyed me this episode. Why isn't olive oil watching her kid? I blame Dale's death on Carl.
Thanks again for all the playoff wishes!
There's oceans inbetween us, but that's not very far.
me too but that was yesterday it felted #wEiRd though
Dudes & ladies both. I make no 'stache distinction. I'm a bi-stache artist.
"The Special Garden" is special indeed. I love this piece!
Is that a serious comment? Romney is the GOPs dude. How do you see it otherwise ?
OKC taking silly shots
Every time a fortune cookie washes up on shore, I imagine another Asian lost at sea. The lucky numbers are their coordinates.
42% of workers over 55 have been out of work for more than a yr.Our Mature Worker Program trains and employs 232 55+ ppl so 42% gets reduced
I think instead of moving into another house I'm just gonna buy a field and live under a big ass circus tent.
Working on my view on ppl in general... THAT shit is TERRIBLE! Smh... --> ": Working on my attitude. My shit is terrible."
Has anyone used the #Olay Prox Cleansing System - If so, how does it compare to the #Clarisonic?
Been so inactive on Twitter lately...lack of sleep will do that to you :)
Lol I can't wait till my bday.
yes we will :-)
heading out for first visit, been hearing good things and need some
i have to chew my food on both sides of my mouth equally everybite o__o
Connectiveness! I like this word. It seems very biosocial.
Great message this AM and music too...our church family helped to feed 35 families in our community... Praising God
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I hope all of your dreams come true!
hey Austin. When will you come to Florida for a meet and greet? It would be a dream to take a pic and shake your hand.
#thingsithinkaboutwhiletextingyou your smile, your personality, the bond we have, and so much more
hey lady good morning!
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - no civilization that ever operated under the #USConstitution ever failed.
Jimmy buffet on with Who is he and why the fuck should I care?
Have I been that obvious about it?
OMG everyday I get emails addressed to Bonnie, some weird combo of my first/last name. Do a little quality checking people. It's Kallie. =)
you coming up this weekend?
Happy Birthday Swizzy. You've always been a super cool guy to chat with.
omg if J Lo represents all cougars in America; P2 will win in a breeze
Galaxy Trucker, Dominion, Carcassonne, Lost Cities, Small World, Notre Dame. I love co-ops for us to: Pandemic, Ghost Stories
Of course I meant "whose" daughter, but my keyboard didn't cooperate. It's been doing that a lot lately.
Spent the day in Chicago for my Godson's Baptism! What a wonderful way to spend the end of the weekend!
we'll keep you in mind as we start to plan private tastings in Boston!
Isn't that the show you've been TIVOing?!?
Take a chance, and don't ever look back.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
okay sent answers through multi-media answers.
And shout it to Christina for not over singing!
I don't know!! ughh. Im just gonna drop it. His friend Dylan had a crush on me in kindergarden ;P haha
What is the Faker crowd chanting???
Literally peeing my pants right now!!
Don't miss them!!!
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed(
The only reason I stick around is because I'm worried about you. I don't want you hurting yourself anymore.
So amazing to see everyone yesterday at our reading of Albee's "The American Dream" over the last two days
Less than an hour left of Sleepy but still walking. Feeling good about all we've accomplished.
late night shower and a cree-chee bay on the way
Thank you Neil for the RT! Greatly appreciated!!!!
Levander: Our Americas Archive Project (dedicated to trans-national research of the Americas) was our attempt to answer that q
Man from the 1800's: advance towards me bretheren! Guy from today: come at me bro!
It seems like all of my followers are going to Austins LA concert... & then their's me who lives all the way in North Carolina …
that was exactly my experience with it. Snore.
Looks like we have to get through Matt LeBlanc & Ryan Reynolds before we get to Michael Fassbender.
I love your art work
Karmic speed bumps. Grumble.
Read an interesting sample. Going to request more. Strong premise--can't wait to see the author's entire treatment of the concept.
Portland misses you. In talks with any other NBA teams?
COULDN'T EFFIN AGREE WITH YOU MORE....
A bit disappointed today......
bitch im on FSDWRWESDRWES
Going out to the promenade to street perform with this portable amp. People either laugh or grab their family close
green party is still a party in some countys
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
Thanks! Yeah, Any spill I can walk (or limp) from is much appreciated. Bonus that it happened on an empty side street.
Want something to do tonight? 9pm come party in Redondo Beach and watch In The Stars play live original songs!!! @ KEGS! COME! ill be there!
And just like that.... it's a whole new #Ravens team. Heap, Mason, Gregg - at least one of these guys will be back. Hopefully all.
RT : My Most Inspiring Follows-
thank you!
Nope. Nothing official anyway. Just his personal thing.
On my way to the airport!!!
Feel like Luck-Griffin-Kalil-Richardson-Claiborne-Blackmon are top 6, but #Vikings and #Rams can cause big shakeup early
i am high rite NOW
$WRGL is on my radar today, check this one out
I think you'll have to get it customized because I don't think they have any at the team store. Customizables r higher
seriously! I'm pretty sure I could make better stops than our secondary. sheesh.
Just reading that makes my heart hurt. Who could harm a child!? Ugh.
Thank you, !
Is there really such a thing as "fun for the whole family"?
Hey big dream aka Mr.wheat thank u for the follows big things is coming our way team if I make it we all make it
Feel prepared. Increase wealth. Learn to be lively. Be dazzling. Make money as a City Promoter. Free Offer.
Haha not your fault!
We"re live all week at the #SanDiegoAutoSho at the Convention Center! I'm giving autographs...10 am - 9 pm tonight. See you there!
Should you incorporate "lone wolves" into your team? How about superstars? How will it affect the chemistry and dynamics?
Is there much difference between Richard Armitage and John Thornton? Now I'm intrigued. If there is, my respect just spiked. Again.
I know. it's just bothersome.
This time last week, UK fans were living their dream.
I love Vlad. Good to see he's back in the league.
blaze orange!
do I ever! That sounds like the adult equivalent of sizzling ants to death with a magnifying glass
"No, Grandpa, where you are IS where you live." The family side of
I never speak my mind because the world simply couldn't handle it and neither could i
That's right I said 'trying' lol good memory...
Happy birthday Hope you have an amazing day and wish you many more. :)
What about a SS4 transformation!? O.o
Jazz great Louis Armstrong was once asked to define jazz. His response was "Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know."
Hells greatest fear is relationship.
Excited to see new #followers! Thx & Welcome to #SLAMR!
Jericho said his statement that he is not when you do not return to the ring: "It was a joke =)"
Please vote for Donald Driver on DWTS!!! DD's story is so moving. Let's show him our support!!! 800.868.3403!!!
"There are so many beautiful things in the world that I'll have to leave when I die, but I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready"--#Sendak last fall
OMG. I that's what I've been doing for the last hour. We ARE good kids (maybe).
Husband: "I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it." Wife: "You wear briefs, don't you?"
Very cool. Thanks for joining, and if you think of any specific interests within our established categories, pls let us know!
Funny USA Network was the broadcaster for Rocky/Drago in Rocky IV. Can't even imagine the PPV numbers for that fight if it was real.
I've never seen any #TwilightMovies...nor will I...why the fck doesn't someone get some stakes ands silver bullets and cleanhouse!!!!
for a moment l'll add my new photos that I made just for twitpic :D
Didn't even know I had a spring break...thank You Jesus! We need some rest ;-)
I think I need a vacation. A permanent, funded vacation would be marvelous.
I am now seriously deleting everyone on Facebook I no longer speak too
Thanks for visiting with Hennepin Theatre Trust's Critical View students Tues night. My daughter had fun!
You'll find out soon enough ;) Until then "no comment".
3/4" of rain officialy for Mpls with this morning's line of storms.
we'd love to talk about your project. (... and a hat tip to for mentioning us)
its ok :) we want you to rest up for your #ValentinesDayConcert :) im so excited i have tickets! Follow me?
This game is as boring as the first game, yawn
you look fine:)
heading to the airport. enjoy carmaggedon los angeles. london calling.
of course I remember! Hope you are well :)
Are you still talking about that?
Gonna miss Terrence next year.
I wish you all an amazing and happy #2012!!
If ur in DALLAS, TX & luv great country music, go to coffee tonite for CD Release Party @ 8pm, m&g 7pm
Roll call!! Who is coming tonight?
I try to get it on every shoot, but if I did I would work less ;-)
That Adele line about being "Born and raised in a summer haze" makes me think of everytime.
good point. Want me to take a stab at writing up some ideas tomorrow and Google-Docing them your way?
This will be a fantastic good night text I'm about to send
bumpin the roots by any chance?
braising any meat in milk makes it soft and silky....
Sold out for the night! See y'all tomorrow!
haha you love to smack the bees nest
My daddy's taking me to the mall tomorrow :-)))) !
i get ya. i had low esteem & no one to motivate me. so workin toward bach at some point? i'll be cont. my bach soon. they...
"Midnight In Paris" was in theaters for 308 days and earned $148.7 million globally.
oh boy... so, what's the hold up? Not ready yet? What do you need to do to get ready? Just wondering... no response needed :)
sucks to be them. Not everyone can be as perfect as us ;)
I just do NOT understand the trashy cut-off jean shorts and heels look. None of y'all are Daisy Duke from Dukes of Hazard.
I mean yeah, I get that.. it's not the same, but dudes who actually tweet the horoscopes daily?? C'mon
..Happy Birthday :) from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
#AskPierceTheVeil if you ever need a fill-in vocalist, or someone to do professional stage dives, call me.
Comment on the importance of the 2-way communication. Art teachers do have immense reservoirs of technical/scientific knowledge
well I've lost motivation. this is my one of my worst papers yet.
Have a safe weekend everyone!
who! going to ?
What is your favorite U.S. city?
Birth control IS legal & accessible to all women. It SHOULDN'T be provided for free by someone else!
So I need a Meningitis Shot for school! Good luck to me!
God is not leaving you alive to embarrass you!!
It's April 2 not the 1 Rt: I'm sorry I can never see myself smoking
You know you're dehydrated when you clog a toilet with your urine.
I could've seen PBS Kids in our future that night. Wouldn't have been mad. Haha
there wasnt a winner..but somehow I won on my own... #handgesture haha
Great brunch with and - now back to writing and revising.
do you work with Survivors at all?
Not fun.
Maybe he can help Russell Westbrook mature. And, he should know the Lakers well. No-risk acquisition by OKC.
SOUND OF MY VOICE is great. Eerie, atmospheric. Brit Marling is mesmerizing.
- Hope dis issh dont go tew far cuse i dont want us tew END bhut if it happen things just happen for a reason..!
Good to see future Pioneer score in the Team USA win over Finland last night
Hit my head on 3 separate occasions when I got outta bed this morning.
Let's go on another bitch spree shall we?(:
It's that I wish a nigga would weather n I prey a mf would try me I'm beating em nobs
Sampling some new fish taco recipes tonight for a possible menu change. Guacamole + tomato + lime + blackened mahi + etc = mouthwatering!
YES! IMMEDIATELY!!
I used to share your pain. Then my insomnia stopped and I was able to sleep again.
I love both, saw Britney twice last summer lol !!
Lmaooo You Childish` ... they Must Finna Put You On The Fox??
my question is for queen latifah i just wanted to know if i could be your marshmallow to your hot chocolate
Now to find sugar daddies to buy us tickets.
Imma clean my house today.....yeah!
Ratatouille can cook
Date night at the Blue Star! Order 2 entree's and get half off your appetizer. Open till 11pm. See you soon!
AL leading NL 21-10 after 3 batters from each team have hit. I'm sure Prince will surely be booed now since Weeks or Kemp didn't show up.
hahhaa morning Nick, better get clicking those man shoes...we need some more sun!
When the USGS reports these earthquakes, the magnitude is usually preliminary, you will likely see this number adjust a few times.
The NHL has lost complete control of the playoffs
Thanks so much for RTs!!!
The exhibition "Origins" at Arizona State University opens today! Another chance to see two of my latest works on canvas. I hope you enjoy
If you say that you go to "swagger university" I will not accept your friend request.
Looking for a healthy, tasty, grain-free dental chew for your dog? Check out Zukes Z-Bones...they are amazing!!
One Direction <3 -Maria
Kudos Loyola Law School and panel of lawyers and judges discussing civility with students; I enjoyed moderating
"National Cleavage Day" is trending? I should probably just sign off twitter now.
RT yea blame it on her lol ««it was her...she laughed and apologized lol
did amaziing I can't waiit for
Releasing out anti-SOPA PSA tomorrow after the blackout ends!
u welcome beautiful
best laid plans, I dare say.
All the love you've sent out in the world will help you through this now. We love you.
"Enlightenment is not a peak experience. It’s a permanent shift in paradigm that deepens day by day." - Shinzen Young
doesnt deserve hate, dont let anyone get you down Sarah<3
NYE is best shared with friends so we are offering $5 off per ticket for groups of 5 or more with promo code: "bignightdcnye" !!
rondo doing better at the free throw line then ray ray!!
im loving ur tweetz this morning. :)
I hate when other people get me into trouble... That why I do the solo thing.
I lovee your good morning tweet every day<333
A band we know from Austin are looking for a place to crash near their gig in Pembroke Pines FL. Anyone have space?
appreciate it will! 2 more interviews with come this week!
Happy Birthday!
It's a route in #Barneveld, Eagles up 59-19 with 3 min left in the 3rd. Whitish having a monster game.
Because he's retarded? LoL. And a no class fool? Got Foot in mouth disease? #Celtics #Allabout18 Lol. Don't like LJ either.
#thisisfacebooknottwitter Smh... Gosh people its not twitter it's Facebook! Lawwwd.
Watching Coach Carter for the first time ever on #AMC. So far, very good.
lol i just saw nicki in the pepsi comercial :)
Lifetime Passport, great article, tks! Loved bit re switching langs at kitchen door. Have similar German/English frontier
15 likes. Can anyone help us?
Email us at - ... Is this Eric's # you want to get?
Thanks. I think i started early i already gained 2 lbs. I have to slow down a little bit. :)
Live fancy.
Me too! Have a good one. Jesper
That's the plan unless I miss my plane on Saturday morning.
Cops are looking for at least 1 man on foot at central and university
i can't work when i'm hungry, i can't work when i'm full
RT if u like dirty, filthy bass music
Sure Thing! Contests for NEW COUNTRY STAR NOVEMBER 2010 ends November 30th 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time/Nashville Time :)
Stupid people in my neighborhood are setting off fireworks while im trying to sleep. Twitter is just keeping me company til they stop (;
Did I really write "NASA are a big fan of Python"? I meant, of course, "People at NASA are big fans of Python". Apols to my English teachers
I'm Rogue Powered.
Bruh the controller had ONE action button whabquanwgsuwh lmaooooo
hey there you are! funny how that happens. new metric coming soon. :) see you in Montreal maybe?
Thank you ray :D
During #theBachelor women tell all special, you would drink A LOT playing the drinking game every time they say "Courtney."
Help?? Where's your sense of Adventure. Have a warm beer for me in London. ;-)
Too many 3's, blazers. Smh. Not enough LA12.
Gotta have Days of Thunder, Six Pack and Stroker Ace in there!! You should make a movie about Paul Menard
art is life hon.
Dieterich by Benefit (discontinued) and possibly Blood by Sebastian Trucco
2 shots of Bombay!
Bullard girls are the number one whores
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Not sure they will be up by next week - probably more like the 21st.
you never texted back haha and omgomg
why thank you! Tell your friends! BTW where's your fav place to find hotties?
Ingrid in Solvang, DM me and maybe I can help. I am with the Franchise Tax Board.
O Lord and Master of my life, a spirit of idleness, despondency, ambition and idle talking give me not.
good looking have a great friday
Cannot say I'm a big fan of FaceTime.
Betch god damn
sending gratitude to who writes, "Are you following ? You should. Your really, really should."
The magic moment wasn't when Blake came up with the idea. It was in the act--when he gave the shoes away.
Brought a tear to my eye. What a summer that was. A week later, I was in a brutal tornado in Lubbock, Texas.
M maybe loll ^_^
goldfish is the best snack ever
fun is sure to be had. There is no doubt about it.
I love ya too doll face!! :))<3<3 We needs to hang out, MK?! Its gonna happen!! :)
Why was the struggling mange seen shaking the club cat?To see if there was any more money in the kitty!
Working on color correction for my short film Rain Dance. Hope to have it ready in 3 weeks. Working on a feature film treatment for it now.
Want to do SoMe right? Pay attn to Ignite Social Media. They know how to keep the social going & are awesome to bloggers!
He doesn't care, he's got $19 Billion! Don't like Facebook, don't buy stocks!
I have so much to do today! Ah!
Gotta do it. What's your favorite Beasties record and why?
What is it with random people calling me today!? Where are people getting my number?
Help: I'm addicted to cinnamon hard candy.
Immigration law class ended early..Thank god! Beautiful night in NYC.
Isn't Fat Albert still hitting a "robust" .216?
Happy Happy Joy Joy
": Dear god, please make Clark Kellog stop calling the basketball a pumpkin" Awe, you jealous of the ball?
Coach B. took me to a Seattle Storm party. 'Chillaxin' with Sue Bird, Swin Cash and others...pretty cool!
Why can't girls stop looking like a leather wallet, and stop tanning so much.
BUT YEAH DEAD BEAT SISTAH
Where does the truth lie? I submit that the best possible answer is likely found in the medical literature
Thank you Holly! Glad that you are enjoying the blog. Please let us know if you ever have any questions.
YOU rocked! Nice meeting you ❤❤❤
yeah same here i have to ligit* story, and ikr, this is a better way the facebook.
": Paul Kennedy reports on that Dwight has had another change of heart and will not sign the opt-in clause.
1 more day...
**The Rock and I**
Try being aPACK fan in Maine its all patspatspats FUCKIN GETS OLD
That terrible moment when you see your crush flirting with someone else.
Only need $1449 to hit our goal!! Help us get there!!
- bout to take a nap
Le Baron. 32 Mulberry St.(at Mosco)
I know :( it's crazy! miss&love you too <3
please post voting site
It's all fun & games, till they start rashing on you too. Assholes.
So im a raging insomniac, good thing thats when my creativity comes out #harness-it haha
Thanks for following me !!
It is an evil, morally bankrupt budget. I feel so sad for my state of Wisconsin. rise up, all you people! Take back our state!
Oh no! But honestly, I'm jealous you got the jeep.
Agree completely. They should have never split them up, IMO.
very creepy since you are responding to my I lick my ketchup phone tweet
my baby just said your name. o.o
hahah! i dont have an american southen accent;) im no hillbilly;) im american but no hillbilly;)
but I'm the one with experience....
boring considering im still in the hospital well imma go to sleep ttyl
F***. I saw a Popeye's ad for a garlic butter basket and I want it. First they seduced me, now they Paula Deen me!?
Nice people rock! :)
I'll tell you later
Sucka's are the ones that hate, congrats people always congrats!! lol
Never realized how many people use for food pics. Now I'm hungry
Amsoil Preferred Customers, make money $$$$$$ with your passion by becoming a Dealer at www.mojolubedealer.com-on our home page
Can I send the children to school early?
New "smishing" scam targets shoppers through SMS messaging, offering fake gift cards. Walmart, B warn customers NOT to give personal info.
a bunch of what?
Inspiring video from #smallbizweek at Crain's breakfast.
How are you matey? Sounds like you're extremely busy. Well, just wanna say hi! [waving profusely]
He was the prime age of 42
RT": Mistakes are painful, yet it is the only way to learn."
wheeeeeeeeeeeee! Ole oleole ole ...... Daveed - swwhhwwwwank! Am absurdly relieved. Barkeep - another round!
i finished all my work so HA 😁
hey #VINTAGE luvbug did u receive ur purse
it's not because its mine too! lol :) I want Samara & Emily to have a scene like that! lol
that's sort of cool.
Man, do the Packers ever miss Jenkins
kids are finding that they prefer to eat in the library, rather than school cafeteria
if I remember correctly I get to hang out at the Box Jelly for free for a couple of months, so maybe I see you all there :)
Shit is literally gettin shaken off the ceiling of Assembly Hall from the bass... insane
To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart. — Phyllis Theroux
Now I am so glad I made Harissa today!
-_- my dumbass published the timeline for Facebook and now i cant go back to the classic version. -_-
Really just too lovely to bite into. (well, maybe just one...maybe two).
So who won the hall costume contest?
i'm good in sf now! any good new music to share with me? :)
You always say not too, but give me a reason to
Training Truth: The harder and more intense you train, the greater the need to satisfy your nutritional requirements.
's vegan gluten free desserts and breakfast bars are amazing! Have you tried them?
Happy Birthday to ! Come to Philly and I'll buy you a drink!
Love the aesthetic and the food at Blackbird in Mpls. New location. Fried egg sammy w/rosemary Suomi. Yum.
Were they talking bad about us this morning, Lisa?!! : ) I wouldn't trust that crew if I were you!
say hi to Mike Saperstein from for me! Best burgers.
Did a friend of yours ever marry someone you dated first?
we never took the picture you poser
You Should Text Me Tho. lol lbs
Pretty sure I just saw the most lame tweet ever....
Seeing Radiohead on Wednesday! Greatest spring break since the year Grindhouse came out
Howdy ! Hanes ComfortBlend would annihilate ComfortSoft in a street fight.
How out of whack is this #ROC winter? 3 feet less snow than normal - nearly 5 feet less than at this time last year. Snow tonight, btw.
Loretta: Yes, Ronnie, in front of all these people I will marry you.
There were certainly some other very important days for Obama, I guess is my point.
These kids are phenomenal!
Thanks, sir!
Yay!! Made coed level five :))
Movie night with the family 😃😍
Having a BLAST wit
If you happen to find some green ooze on your run also, I have an idea for it and the turtle...
I feel like flying
The #Heat are looking a little confused out there! #Pacers are taken it to them!
Why can't they ever get the magnitude right the first time? Quake downgraded to 4.0.
Me: would you like jelly on your bagel? "Only on 7/8 of it'"
Agreed. Twitter has very few rules, but that's one of them.
he a senior?
I know. He didn't come through for me tonight :(
Think $1bn is too much for Facebook to spend on Instagram? They probably bumped their value up 3-5% or more (that's $3-5bn or more)
Great to see open for Wonder on NYE! What a nice surprise!
rewrite if you have to but don't delete it all. Imma having to rewrite a lot. But it's gonna turn out fantastic! ;)
Holey moley what a catch.
Let's pursue our passion and purposes with every fiber of our being in 2012! Let's GET IT!!!!
Naps. No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
This year's #SAGawards is so emotional! Viola Davies won female actor in a leading role, and her acceptance speech just made me cry. Aww
do you have any annoying brothers or sisters??
I think may have walled by while I was watching Captain America with our dad? He used to read the comics!
I like crotch canopy.
At the end he needs me, so sad smh!
Hey Macon, GA we hope that y'all will be swimming in "The Ocean" at our show and tying yourselves down to the "Whipping Post". Should be fun
Smoke till im brain dead whos coming to the burial with me. Not crazy just spittin unreal things. I slammed 2 planes in them buildings.
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the 'D'?
Who would have ever dreamed this back in November? #CUBuffs. Not me. Biggest Colo sports story of 2012. Way 2 knock Manning off page one.
Are legal considerations undermining efforts to improve collaboration, communication and openness?Is it standard practice these days to r...
What do you think? RT : I think how cool it wd b if had its own fireplace but since Bradbury wrote Faherenheit 451...
#np turn to you
Yes yes yes !!! RT : CAMOUFLAGE #BOUTONS !!!!
hi please follow me and im your top fan i have posters covers watch every episode all your videos color pink and purple
Good morning all, remember, never defined yourself by someone else's vision of you!
Can you just fucking go somewhere
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible"!" -- Audrey Hepburn
RT It's her Day #Giveaway! Follow + RT to enter to win a Sony Cybershot Camera, 32GB Memory & Digital Frame.
Masoli spins for the first down! That should wrap up the game barring anything crazy! Duck fans should start gearing up for the Rose Bowl!
Thanks for all the shout outs guys keep them coming and keep the follows coming I follow everyone back (((:
We will break out into the electric slide anywhere. At Taste of East Point with live band. The slide has started in da streets.
I always can...
Coach morris from the Tampa Bay Bucs got fired today..to bad..they lost their last 10 games of the season.
new website looks great-congrats!
I did it to myself..
yup. it makes their role clear. they aren't being talked-at or -to, they are invited to join the conversation.
On my way to work sleepy......
#movieswherebestwhen it was not based on the $, but based on good storylines and actors who cared about their craft!
thank you so much!!!
aye thanks man, and you're welcome! it'll be sweet if you told your friends about us! :)
Looking for food writers for regular gig about national trends in food/dining. Need a fun, accessible style. Tweet me examples.
Really... Everytime I come to Applebee's, Mr. Schaeffer is here. What the heck.
hurting today. Did not know Dave's nickname was "The Fish"...
New Year's Eve: Vegas or San Diego?
Interesting VM from a guy that wanted my biz. Unfortunately for him he failed to hang up, and now I have a great MP3 of him talking smack.
hope so haha:)
(spoiler alert) the physicist dancing was perhaps the most beautiful moment. "I'm a 20 year physicist, 2 day dancer."
answer: no
i just love having huge anxiety attacks one after the other
Some 435 people have attended the National Public Health Week Film Festival so far! Check out photos from opening night....
yo that vegas lights still for sale
I still get butterflies ^__^
Your feedback is greatly appreciated. Get in touch with us on the forums or email us. We are always looking to improve our services.
RT Watching pepper-spray video, our 6YO says "those police should be arrested." Out of the mouths of babes.
what! No I am DEF still in the business. My commercial I did should air in February and I have some big things coming up:D
Monday, you are brutal and I'm going to spit in your eye.
what's up player how hell are u
Once again in regards to those direct msg's. #DONTOPEN! We didn't send them & apparently if you open them they'll be resent to your contacts
Looking for a great volunteer opp to build your resume? Check out what the world's largest music festival has to offer!
re-tweet, I keep forgetting! I'm getting on that now. Though I need to do some more major writting I'll fiddle with this for a
feeling alone
DREAMS AND NIGHTMARES
true..this version of bcs is crap, but at least they give us 1 v 2. That was not the case before.
Where's your belief? Lol! I've got a trigger finger, so you better not flinch, J-C!
So tired. But glad tomorrow is the last day till spring break. :)
Wide awake so much running through my mind :(.
They gave AP the money that would have paid for the roof, bring a jacket!
I heard was a total tool
add for a lil southern rock jammin :) I'll be there regardless
this is so real
I knew I should have left you the car tonight. Don't worry, I'll make it up to you...even though I didn't ditch you.
I'd love that too!! Will coord a "after kids are asleep visit" very soon!
I feel like ima wake up in a very upset state
Sounds good.
This white dude at work wanna take me out.. I just might lol
??hope kidding RT : I'll admit it: I didn't think we were gonna get him. I thought he would expire first. That'll teach me to
SILENCE ! If feels dumb, then I allow it! But, if they bow to I may send them a picture to comfort them
Welcome to our new follower:
I filled in for the Children's Services Librarian for an hour. The YA new book shelf = Wow. So many to read.
im not hung over I just wanna sleep
- Sounds like BEST DAY EVER!
I'm starving, I can't wait to see you. Yo tengo comida ahora.
I deserve to breath If I wasn't on my grind it would b. Hurting me bc me getting money is an emergency - SMG
wait aren't you from Visalia?
Citigroup made $102b in revenue in 2011. Citibike is costing them $41m. Just some relatively cheap advertising.
what row are you sitting in? :)
Just donated 50$ to your beard, keep up the good beard growth, and the good play
I know, wtf? I just sent you an email. If the links I sent are silly and obvious, sorry. The band crush site's pretty good.:-)
“: Thanks Trevor! We're just wrapping up :-) See you next week? #FurChat” definitely!
CD release tour: New Orleans jazz fest, Cleveland,Detroit,NY,Portland,San Francisco,Seattle,Bakersfield,Pittsburg, and more- check my wsite
I wish everyone a happy Easter with friends and family
Draw Something is really making me question my drawing abilities, especially playing against lol
That last tweet made no sense, but I hope you can make sense of it. But seriously, someone just like… let's go on a date.
Thx you too!
also I love you, as a hetero Asian/Cajun American
Anyone else having a tough time walking? I thought it was a good idea to bike commute today after running the half-marathon yesterday.
Nobody got slap like us.
I feel like playing shuffle board again, Soon.
Q3) PSSN - Performance Support Social Network = The Google and The Twittah
Short lived.
thanks, asshole. The short stubby one.
Oh I'm Alexis hi lol
Jk I have to give it back to
Score!passed evening school for french. Hope I get to see the boyfriend hoy .
This is the day of the week I dread most
TOO HOT.
/throws helmet RT : Girardi was speechless re: Bucknor's terrible call: “That’s a big play. ...”
hey cor!! Miss you too!! And things are the same. How's Florida??
and their middle names
I miss you kids ): hang soon please!? (: p.s. come see hairspray!?
Man 2 chainz cant rap for shit but he makin money doe
Oh, Wanda, you are always so awesome to me. Likewise.
I'm all in.
Have I told you lately that I Love You?
Almost done with my project report for #OpenSource #GIS class. Oh #archaeology !
Get that sloppy shit outa my face
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. ~Theodor Adorno
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. Benjamin Disraeli
I sware everyone is going into or is already in a amazing realtionship then theres me ...
Thank you so much for the RT! ☺
If a girl texts you first you should feel very special.
4 flats in 2 months - get a new tire? new wheel? new bike?
hey it's my pleasure, you're putting out top quality content!
. thanks for the follow. What's ur favorite neighborhood in DC? How about your favorite destination for design pieces?
Bad habits are meant to be broken.
No, I love this stuff. I just like to hold it accountable.
": Fucking Hell. Am I really crying." Dont cry listin to some good music instead!
This bitch says reprogram his number so we can go on a road trip. All four of us. Lmao man I'm Gucci. I spoke to you you didn't answer...
Hey, #thisamericanlife - please fact-check "The Jungle. Upton Sinclair is a big fat liar.
It's always a good day. Thx so much for your help! : Looking forward to Special Needs Fair! Fun times!!
Yayyy! Alice!!!! The first few are so 80s - enjoy!
lol it was cool hanging with u ur friend and barbie!
I already miss my ex-president () and ex-treasurer (). #DECAproblems #havingseniorfriendsproblems :(
This might be the weed talking but why don't flashlight companies use firefly technology?
Super Busy today !!! Great weather for our free Brunch Wine Tasting!!! Stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch Wines.
I've had 3 people tell me today that they saw the bear that's running loose in Verona. Catch it..... That's all I'm sayin'.
Also, I really like the fact that my 1000th tweet involed the phrase "instantly archival." Tryin' not to read too much into that
Not sure which is scarier? Fact that 4-15yr old boys are having an X-Box fest at the house all night, or the fact that one is mine?!!
Lattuca & Stark: "Thinking of curriculum as a plan encourages consideration of all of the major elements, rather than...singular aspects"
WOW This new method of trimming Im using is so much more effective! Thanks Team HOLISTIC HEALING & ALTERNATIVES! Have a Blessed Day Tweeters
used to be love drunk, now Im hungover...can't wait till Im sober =)
Updated FSA; advised my friends at work; ate an ice cream cone; doing most of my work, now, in the evening
We are 21 hours away from #Gamecock invasion in Fresno! Can't wait to see the women in garnet & black storm that court!
how...and you don't even know me...it wouldn't matter...I would jus be 1 less person the govt is killin off...
South First Friday Tonight in the downtown San Jose SoFA district. Free admission! #SJMQT open today until 5pm, then re-opens at 8.
Yeah. just got knocked out too on
Happy Bithday Pastor Miles!
the other 18 are condom iPhone cases.
Heidi, the Outsiders, and BSC, among others! ": We want to know--what was your favorite book growing up?
dribble it girl ;) #BigFreedia star
Scream and shout..
And i do love to practice
Early to bed, early to rise
“: I read your book Men and Sex-Power, Pleasure, Pain OMG what a good book. Finish in 1day.” awesome!
I highly enjoy the Folgers Christmas commercial with the weird sexual tension between the brother and the sister.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you!
Drew I HATE humidity but we should be used to it by now, right? (I am in Dallas.) It's awful to feel like you can't breathe!!
In the words of Einstein: A crazy person is someone who does the same thing over and over and expects a different result.
On UA83 from IAD to LAX... and so is former DC mayor Marion Barry!
Hi, have you met Ted?
No numbers in my pocket
oof. My postponement appears to have gone through...
..."There's a dialogic structure underlying the text, and through dialog we can access that." Social constructivist model of learning.
Lol. Who says this.... "Cold beds turn me on." ahahahaha wtf!?
Just got back from doing laundry....now nap time with him!!!!
are you taking senior sem in summer?
Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can complel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defens
Double shots of WORD!!! Lol
Gotta love rain in San Diego. No more half-empty lakes!
would love to meet you some day
oh that really sucks
I rep my town... I luv my city... But damn... We can b so unsupportive!
LOL omg I love u !
This is America, dammit! Airbrush!
hm forgot i was talking about that one
Finally saw Farewell My Concubine....must say, well done, long and different.
Busted a mean mission to cpt then Lynwood then south gate then bg then eastLos then commerce & back to Norwalk D:
I want to update my website, sit on the sunny porch w coffee, see what's happening downtown for 5/5, play some Skyrim. The day's too short!
Glad the refs are letting them play. Good game so far.
And by cuddle i mean naked cuddling.
#industry wants to know if #humanitiesPhDs can #translate their skills and passions
"Think BIGGER!" -
RT : Time to put away that Halloween costume and dust off your tackiest Holiday sweater. Then, join our Tacky Sweater Party!...
West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor - Baltimore Sun
Yes, following along from the NEH's Office of Digital Humanities in Washington, DC, USA.
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you
of course
"There still twinkles in her blue eyes youthful lust for life which hard usage has failed to stifle."- ANNA CHRISTIE
I have a lot to do this next week so i'll try to get on here more next weekend (if you want to talk i'm on ) :)
Q6 Can you eat gluten-free without being in a specific gluten-free restaurant?
Woah! I just broke an iPhone in the Apple Store. Idk what to do with it.
lmaooo! 😭😂 I'm cooking for more people now ?
Don't forget to check out Jazz & Blues Under the Stars ((SATURDAY NIGHT)) with Michael Anthony Trio & Dan Dowling Trio!
I switched to beer so am doing a better job now.
this looks great! thanks!!
gtfo go to sleep
Thanks for the follow. Best of luck wrapping up your last semester at State!
oh no!! >___< hang in there Esther!!! *hugs*
I'm not sure about strategy...yet. But I do think it's time to start with mobile when developing web presence.
I mean havent you seen it?
Well done, well done.
Umm, duh. Be there or be ... elsewhere? LOL RT : You all do realize that KY plays Duke at the Georgia Dome next year?
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
Oops, scratch that. Sorry Marsha Ambrosious. I love your music. Listening to Far Away now.
No problem :)
Happy Birthday !!!
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
RT : Everyone Follow Bitch!
a couple of recent faves- Baghead and Cache.
Oh no! Are you okay?
to pick flowers, to tell tales, laugh away the morning, to drift and dream like a lazy stream and walk barefoot across sunshine days....
reality (blah) so video. Unfortunately not much of the work is film these days. My meter is feeling lonely.
#sacscoc About to begin afternoon General Session. Assessing Online Education with Kenneth C. Green and Ellen Wagner.
Last time we played them in the postseason we beat their ass!
YOUR SUCH AN AMAZING SINGER!!! ILY ! AND YOUR SONG " BEAUTIFUL YOU "
We are all prepping for Comic-Con this year....anyone else making the trip? What are you looking forward to?
Lol at this old man who just did a full speed sprint to get to his car..like the rain was going to melt him
The price is $100, for 6 local chefs and 8 courses, you won't get a better deal or experience!
Another fun day! I got tanner! ^.^
YOU'RE PICTURE IS BEAUTIFUL! :)
Hello Dallas :)
Mom: "Did you make it home OK ?" Me: "No mom. I died 7 times on the way"
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a Mad Men Themed party that your friend DeShawn apparently can't come to.
They say I got groupies...but Savannah got hoes on deck.
Drink the pain away, but I still have no answers #Gorilla Zoe
What better way to celebrate hump day with free beer @ the Bayshore Rotunda 5:30-8:30 for the Chameleon launch! Food samples & giveaways!
I say it's like YEEEEAAAAA everytime I pick a check up!
I love you too.
punch him in the head. She's amazing
Can the entire cast of The Glee Project 2 (minus the girl in the wheel chair) be in the show? They are all amazing!
Now that is staying a Bill I think it is time to get a #13 jersey.
Thank You Joan
D3 is down and FFXI has maint. There goes my afternoon. :(
Can I get one new person who has never participated in #JustRead Tweet a book title you are #JustRead-ing?
its amazing how much random shit dora has in her back pack
Trying to change my background image and getting 500 server error. Anyone else seeing this?
Cano is eventually going to start hitting. . . and when that happens. I feel bad for the American League.
Oshkosh paper endorses Jess King!
do you have podcasts or another way to listen to past segments?
Have you taken time to laugh at Mac Miller today?
Please check out my story on Ten at Ten! Find out what people traded in guns for, and why it means so much to one local teen.
yeah, i don't know emm.
acts like you know justin bieber when you dont!
Elf is the best christmas movie ever.
Happy New Year's to all! I have excepted Gods Theocratic Order for Peace, Love, and Happiness as the only way of life!
Gonna try to get this job, but I'm kinda confused about the whole work permit issue :P
My. What will they think of next?
Gonna have a bonfire with my nephew
“: This flight is packed. Everybody is going to the fight or to bachelor party?” the latter
The comfortable beds with clean comfy sheets.
Headed to first Barre Bootcamp with Stay tuned for hilarity.
#Kobe is on fire!!
Fuck the camping ass homos on mw3
thanks for the info. Quickly found that out
finally some rain :)
Lichterman cites Gross 2009 on pragmatist mechanisms. great paper.
YOU ALREADY ARE ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS!! DUH!!
Anyone care to respond? RT : Does anyone use ?
Realized how rough I looked when i got to school
"Return to the source of your inspiration." ~Brad VanAuken
Complex problems have simple, easy to understand, wrong answers.
Thanks for the RT the other day ♥
Just ordered the Mosaic Records LP box of Stan Getz's Complete Norgran Sessions. Mosaic always has great sound and an informative booklet.
I love the smell of LAX in the morning. It's somewhere between desperation and shame.
: Oh, this should be easy, then! Check out the people I'm following, esp. My "Magnificent Tweeters" list. :)
Why did I have to mess up the beat thing in my life?
Wow this is great. Trying to move up in standings
I want a shirt that simply reads, "My mother is a fish." Either that or, "6. Except."
#cuse wins, 64-63! Really great game--low TOs, not much fouling, two well-coached squads...
UGH- Just UGh
