@ da crib woke up wit a hang over wait where iz my keys?
At least I've heard of Papa John before this month #draftbigpapa get the word out
Early Penguins lead! You all know what that means folks!
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
I'm still up tho, haiii.
Missed you today - looking forward to your presentation in May at #SMBMad thanks for sponsorship
I remember when Wayne's twitter got hacked & I tried hacking the dude who stole his username so he could have it back. LMFAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LOL. Oh thank you, thank you so much for forgiving me!
Let that shit BURN!
Are you stoping at Sonioc then? for some tater tots...
: don't wait for alt-metrics, do it yourself
no doubt! I'm going for Education. I'm on my teacher hustle.
end of the weekend, anxious for the week. Nothing major.
Astounded by the warm welcome! Deepest thanks to all, and here's to future collaborations!
I love love love dirty #housemusic it makes me wanna disco <3
So to sleep, perchance to dream of ****, myself and the cats...here is to dropping the creatinine numbers and being back to abby-normal.
well said man
you don't know her life
Holler! Gotta hit up #Chaps in the morning! Have you gone to #raw yet?
April Fools joke articles are so passé.
lmao...I feel u...I got fam out there...love'em but hate visiting...
Thanks for the support! ^jh
Q 3: Do you listen OR hear when dh speaks?
Thank you both for a thoughtful session - which Twitter accounts are doing it best?
FEATURE-Switzerland, the land that time begot
Dinner at Bunker's in West Allis was great. I had the the shrimp BLT sliders. Yum!
Preciatee it Sweetie.
Word brother. Thanks for the post. I think you are a share-a-sale vendor with us right?
The band perry. <3
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice when they were winning but Tim tebow's game is naughty
Your right my mothers loved and raised 7 kids and they cant be married
Mcgahee or morris?
WOH…YOU TRIED TO BURST HIS REALITY-DISTORTION BUBBLE? THAT'S GROUNDS FOR AN INSTANT BLOCK!
wait till you wake up and check out the link I sent you
does beating the Bulls without Rose and Noah change the front offices position this offseason about changing the roster?
Homework && chores /:
#FF - - sorry for misspelling!! You get a FF all to yourself now :)
officially welcoming to look for her on and weekly!
Thanks for following its a step for all of us wanting to make a difference and inform
We are officialy here getting tickets
I'll look into that tonight man
please follow me for my birthday!<3 i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow...please?
show me the plot of the relevance of #sociology for the past few hundred years that proves your claim
We have a whole bunch of horn and bone hanging ear designs for men & women...only $10/pair!! Stop by and grab 'em before they are all gone.
This bitch need to come her ass on! I want my shyt!!!
I had a blast planting some "renegade" crops at Stoney Creek Farms today in honor of and -
It's about to rain in
Practicing Praise and Worship for the RAM women's conference beginning Thursday Night. Ladies you will want to be in the house
Applied to 2 jobs today
Just because you trained them doesn't mean they'll do it
I'm so tired, and I haven't even done anything remotely tiring today. Wat.
Like a cheater GQ
So much running through my mind. I can't sleep!!
I'm paying $69.99 for 100mbps internet w/ intermittent outages and Charter CSR told me to unplug my modem for a couple of hours. #1998 ??
Vancouver Winter Games..<< heating up tonight>> womens mogel! Go USA!
thanks Bill
“: #BestPickUpLineEver "Hey, what's up I play baseball"”
Ok great night cap, time to put out the trash and got to sleep. Saga continues .
#ThingsJaylonDo Play Basketball
We're back from prepping to paint. All Ready to go tomorrow starting at 9 am.
#teh its a movement for the lysdexic.
We both felt alone investing in banks that idiots said would be nationalized. Now David and I will get paid off.
note to self, email open rates are 2-3x's higher when subject line includes word: audition
Go Pats!
I just opened my door for a second and got a cool breeze in the face.
self deprecating version of Peso? haha
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: Keep your mitts off my money
Re(imagiNATION) has the brightest color scheme of all time. So excited for summer.
9/11/11 - I may be in Oakland for a time but my heart is in my native city, NYC, always my city.
The CST system consists of a series of modules that may be acquired and used by any
why is it supposed to rain like every day now? #wheresthesun?
Hi B! I am okay, thanks for the check-in. :) Hope you're well. Hugs. Hi btw! Any new bambino's on their way yet? lol
Good afternoon :)
Have they done any thing bout MByet on e! News?
Happy #Friday People! Make it a day to remember....Do something different!!!
If my boss rolls his eyes at me one more time!! 😠
That song is too mature for Jessica. She's a kid. I would have liked another Mariah song. Vision of Love or Love Takes Time
I hate the guilty feeling when you sleep 12 hours, and regret not getting anything accomplished. Time is money!
RT : Safe travels to all of our Terriers and families leaving campus today and tomorrow.
I love you dude. Ahaha!
so what up?
Yeah, that exclusive oppty in Cambridge I mentioned earlier....filled one. At least 3 more openings left.
Gonna have to skip it, putting out bonfires with work. :(
I think it all comes down to how you define and assess "learning" :)
Thanks J for being there and reporting live!
go Giants!!
Action rains over romance in movie battle - The Sun
If you are a librarian from Denmark, introduce yourself to the group. Thanks!
Planning to go back at the end of the month. This time for lunch!
interesting... never quite ran into that selling/implementing egov for cities, maybe advisors
"I remember when I sucked at driving" - everyone ever from lexington
Young Roddy's new tape tho>
such a cinco de mayo tease
the day of his concert let me know and we will:))
submission successful this weekend. Keep them rolling.
how unfortunate...
I HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET??(: PLEASE SEE THIS TWEET PLEASE!!!! && PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE & UHM, PLEASE??(:
Trying to make some fast cash at Buffalo Exchange. Y'all know you want the clothes I've deemed no longer cool.
Yup. Exactly. Who indeed.
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!
#HappyMothersDay! To all the elderly moms who have sacrificed everything for us, we will wait to gut Medicare at least a few more months.
I think that critics often think that if they talk about sex they'll seem either pervy or puritanical.
Got us there in '02 (his first year) but you are right about the hitting, we're just a sorry ball club right now.
Haha try being black and living there!
You're right. Today will be a good day to celebrate the great life we had together.
My sister from another mister has arrived from Miami. Syracuse, you will NOT know what you hit you this weekend.
You're welcome!! You did a great job! :)
Wind down your work week with us in the bar for happy hour from 4-7 for half priced drinks, cocktails and beer!!
10 minutes in and we already got 3 runs!! lets go O's
Not sure I understand why the nerds hate the ending to #masseffect3, more completeness would be nice, but it suits the series
Decided my morning dance track will be all Donna Sommer this morning. O love to love ya' baby.
thanks Tierra for following me I hope we can become good friends.xoxo ;-)
Happy my Bay Area Homie CO is coming into town tommorrow. Hopefully, I can connect with my BC Friends Jen/Zeb (and beautiful seeds), too!
Doo doo jump? ... Man that's messed up
I swear it is?
I hate mock so very, very much.
WOW!! THAT MATCH WAS NUTS!! SO MANY LEGIT SHOTS! YOY COULD TELL! THIS IS THE ONE TIME I ACTUALLY RESPECT CENA!
: at dave you stop it with the press answer and answer the real question. its not about what I lead, its about what's real
I have two tracking numbers!!!
nothng like success
I need a break away from you
That happy moment when you find your I.d. :D
Those who have the courage to be different will always be remembered.
could you fathom!? itd be the best thing ever.. and then a random Hulk running around hahaha
Great yellow jacket on ...lovely shade :)
why you ain't text me ? Haha
I appreciate you
#petpeeve - People who respond: lol or haha - don't expect me to respond to that… What am I supposed to say to that - yeah - haha?
There's nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.
AND I MADE THIS RELATIONSHIP FACEBOOK OFFIC.
You rock too! Thanks!
Fuck. So tired. I hope business is slow at work today. I mean, who the fuck is gonna want biscuits at five a.m. on a sunday?
RT follow these guys , , ,
Awesome as is one of our co-founders. We are working with some of your athletes and would love to chat.
This b word got NFL arms!
Happy Saturday!
Every time i hear one of 2 Chainz songs, i know EXACTLY when he's about to say 2 CHAINZZZZZZ.Sad but true. LoL.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Most women play hard to get when they are really orphans when it comes to looking for love and wanted to be love.
No one... can rock a beret.
beef tenderloin wrapped in
No Lie
Staats served as a magistrate until 1670s. Staats wrote his name as STAAS after arrival in New Netherland.
Selling my office desk a pristine U-shaped desk made by Sligh Home Office Furnishing, Holland, Michigan. It is dark cherry wood, very soli…
can we go to Acapulco?
Heath Anthology co-author John Alberti () will speak @ 11AM session on prepping MA students for life after the program
did I mention that George Karl is one of my all time favorite coaches
Hrm. So more like second.
Did you see the Albuquerque Aloft balloons this morning? Fear not if you missed them, pics 2 come!
time for an #iPhone! ;)
Yup! Is that a giraffe in your profile pic?!
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital
“#Children are made #readers on the laps of their #parents.” - Emilie Buchwald
We had it every morning for breakfast on our Belgium trip last year. YUM!
That's wonderful to hear! We're glad that you're loving it! What language are you learning?
From South Grove Tap meeting: "The culture of our building has changed. Much more discussion about quality instruction."
Bloomberg was founded 4 years before Windows 1.0!
no one likes me no more?
Great! I'm sure your kids will LOVE our pizza! Drinks specials and live music starts around 9 but 5-9 is perfect for your fam!
adults should not watch as well. What ever happened to the sitcom?
it's alright Jerm is still a mark ass buster!
RT : "It's all about being in the moment." - Ben Stiller
i'm suspicious of anyone who gets headshots taken and is not an actor or model #OmgSRSLY?
Check out one of my new ventures and Follow!
I swear I have the weirdest dreams, everytime I sleep. And I always remember them.
Thanks for all the #FFs! Keep 'em coming! To all our recent followers: we'll be wading through and following back this weekend. We're slow!
not too soon Brady, accuracy can never be to soon.
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts. RT : what's a sizzle chest?
RT Share Broadway Bar 2night. $ 3 u call it. 21& up welcome. COVER all night. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party.
dude shut up
I just want them to have a deep conversation without mentioning the doppelganger. Is that too much to ask? -___-
You got it, Doug! Are you into Emotobooks?
can ray allen just touch the ball, maybe then we can get a three. 0 for 11. seriously???
New Kids Hip Hop dance Class at Flip Force San Diego tomorrow 4pm-5pm!!
where? If I didn't have a class I'd meet you there in 5
second to puerto rico is a solid #2!
I seriously can't sleep until I know where she's at.is this bad...
It's always .2 or .3 more because the 10 is a straightline - your GPS is moving side-to-side, wider around corners, etc.
It's a beautiful night for getting drunk and smashing a gyro. Find us on Water and Juneau across from
Hey David thx for follow, do you remember when the Broncos were called "orange crush"?
Rooms To Go to pay at least $2M for 10 Texas RoomStore units RICHMOND, Va. — Rooms To Go has agreed to pay at least $2 million for 10 Tex
Sources of inspiration.
"do you guys think im a know it all?" "yes, minus the knowing it all part"
tell carlos to call me
62° and cloudy.
Love it when my teachers have "Book Turn-In" written in the board. It makes me day! #summer!
thank you! I really appreciate it. Let others know too!
This is a good episode of Rookie Blues
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
I hate seeing people
When you care about somebody, you do what's best for them. Even if it sucks for you.
After months of disappointment with the Safari and Firefox browsers, I took the leap and installed Google Chrome. WOW! It's fast!
i rlly dnt give a fuck about wat u say but rite now im writting this down thinking about wat u said cuz u pissed me of so i do care ;p
C Force just set a new school record for Furman Football, 6th TD Pass in a single game to six different receivers and all in the first half.
see you there! First one without my mom
And I am a beast at life.
from your mouth to God's ears :)
MT : Congratulations are in order! Prof. 's won Best Documentary at the Bare Bones Film Festival!
If a girl says she'll make out with you but nothing below the waist, take your pants off & do a handstand.
finishing unfinished things
Joe still hasn't noticed that JoeJonasIsPERFECT was a Trending Topic all day.
OMG YAY!!!!! :)))) CANNOT wait! Do I write my own lyrics and remix or just stick to what you have? :D EXCITING!
not a frequent-content-pusher either
If I don't watch it, I can't gauge how my eating-working out ratio is working. lol
just to be clear, no class tomorrow but we have class Thursday/ we will be getting quiz 2 on Tuesday...some how
You should be able to hang up when they raise their voice. "Bye!"
67 boundaries have many upset, but, it is the right thing to do!Peace is important, Israel gets too much US money!
I'm falling in love. And I am in Nairobi. And I ate 2 chocolate bars when I'm trying to lose 9 more pounds. <3 Oh life! <3
Great! Thanks for your help!
I don't like for ppl to feel down or cry
I love all my #PhillySquads and happy that #Sixers Won, but for the Zebras to call *that* Offense Foul on KG is Sad
is never over silly!
BIO Thanks Reps. Pascrell, Bilbray for Policy that Levels the Playing Field for Renewable Chemicals
: "Here's a picture of us coming together - Republican & Democrat" do you seriously expect people not to make jokes about that?
So my Pathfinder decided today that it would be dead...had to be towed to garage and now I'm waiting to hear what this is going to cost me!
But why nap during the Avengers? Its so awesome. You should just sleep through Think Like A Man.
Gettin ready to go to this lame as school
no it's really funny.. She kinda looks like you and just reminds me a little of you
Headed to #LaJolla to dialogues in art and architecture an evening of enriching your mind
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime activity is _________.
haa Im glad Im not the only person whos felt this way! My oldest sister got married 5 years ago, I almost forgot how crazy it gets
Awh thank you sweetheart :))
year of the slip n' slide!
messy hur, don't cur.;)
My little brother is playing at Webster hall tonight doors open at 8
Getting classroom is up in the air for you? Same school or new one? Gd luck!
never heard of FOMO? Ya fiyad!
Wow. When, and what were you doing here? Any places with fond memories?
Raised to be stupid, Taught to be nothing at all.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Hungover and at work. Last night was a blast! Bikes, beer, beautiful woman...
Yes!!!RT : !!! RT : #IThankGod that there is a cure for this gnarly hangover...Beer and Bacon!
Cool blog dude! Tell me more!
This week's #DC fun fact! On #VeteransDay, all the #Metrobuses attach #American flags :) Don't just thank our #veterans once a year!!
Well his aunt said 3-6 months! But it depends, she says it will probally be 6! :)
": I want a nigga to show me instead of telling me nbs..."I feel u. Lol. Real shit.
I really hate guys sometimes.
What ya got goin on for the game tonight! Big Matchup...
are you wearing your sequence dress?
LOVE YOUR NEW SONG PUT IT DOWN
I just know I read somewhere that Bailey's over crushed ice is recovery beverage for hardcore swimming. Where did I put that article?
Do you still have that candid pic you took of me on your phone....... Hahah
ill leave early :)
Finna unfollow all the people who haven't follow me bacc
Just setup blog on website. Had problems but those FOSA techies came through for me as usual. Love those people. They're fast.
Had a great time today gettin it in w/ this morning! Thanks fellas for the support!
STILL KEEP FOLLOWING FOR ME!XD
pick me! Haven't been down in a while. Love LaPerla!
I'm an American and you're my favorite rugby player.
some of the things people say here...SMH. grow up please?
I'm HOT, dammit!!
Your business card is your best marketing tool, are you using it wisely? Join me for a FREE teleseminar on How to Build a Better Business C…
Oh! Well I guess I have to get some before then.
About to see the Hunger Games w/ the brother & Apologies to for seeing it before reading the book/s :/
106&park showed the ratchet girl anthem video..lmao
My best friend and I were going to buy pink ones together and she bought them before and they broke within the first week.
yeah that shit blow
😱😲I'm not going to the 1D concert,because we had to chose our cousins in Arizona or the concert I'm sad now...😳😓
They've got some interesting people on America's Got Talent.. Haha.
No worries. I'll keep my eye open for it.
Me too Jim!!!!!!! Love that she's already got the gmail set up! RT : i like the sound of that”
Using SlideRocket at #SXSW for your awesome presentation
This morning I worked out hard with Erin in her gym!!! It was fun..then I gave a swim lesson in the pm..keepin fit ;)
If your feelin Wiz's music-check out this Pittsburgh artist Young Bravo www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
m... sounds like good coffee.
kitty .....i watch intervention fucked up...thought you were suppose to.....???
poor Gypsy!
at work now 👎.. And then going to a couple of cookouts. You?
Happy first day, fellow #Aztecs! I'm excited to start my "real" Senior year and continue with :)
Yes. It's a casserole.
Fear blocks change
That's because they reached the very bottom of the barrel with Chas Boner
Hey, it could happen!!! These cocksuckers r swerving errwhere
Hahahaha Ima Kid is hilarious I'm sorry.
Great to see several faces that I knew. , , and others.
Bunts are the awesomest.
Fuck you I'm not even going to tell you what you did wrong this time, you don't deserve it. Just fuck you.
Seeing 3 of the Chronicles of Narnia wasn't only for love of the series...but let that be our secret.
#FF <3 to , great guys, great music! Check them out!! (:
Still hungry
My fave as of now "Sex In The Lounge"
Lowe out of the bases loaded jam!
Getting ready to head out and see the Carolina Chocolate Drops perform. Their show is sold out.
RT : Lots of kissing. Like an Italian Thanksgiving but with no food.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon @ Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn
anyone have a #kik?
When my cousins sit behind me in church and pull my hair the whole time<<<
SWEET! Thanks for the follow! #SUPERTWEEP!
: In today's climate of women being marginalized, som thot on that might b encouraged :) Have great wknd urself! TY
it's coming tonight
Does Rush really believe PORTUS will have a debate with him?
i'm a new gospel rap artist...how can I get send y'all my music or do interviews...etc...
headed to the arsenal i will give regards to the chairs
yes, Mr Wright. I also appreciate a good chic-o-stik.
thank you for the retweet!
$2 TUESDAY BAR W/ DJ A OK, ,,& NO COVER,21+CASUAL DRESSCODE. IF YOU WANT VIP CALL ME 210-449-8256
Me.. I am the President like the Jordan Elephant, NIgga's talk like bitch's which is a whole lot of #Irrelevance >_<
“: love your sky hook” thanks. It's still as lethal as ever.
Neuro #marketing works in B2B, too. Build rapport, socialize, then get to the business at hand.
Hey!Can u tell me what ur wrist size is? I have 2 order a bunch of Avon & getting different sizes 2 sell. TY! (Asking a few ppl)
How in the whole world did the freaking Cavs beat my Knicks!!!! I'm out yo!!!! Goodnight son✌
movies then BWW...can't Waiit :)
OMG! I'm Gonna turn my notifications off!
#uCantBeToughAndSay " this flower smells pretty."
you forgot
J, LOL always, love science, should have been a scientist
why is everyone tweeting scenes from meangirls? lol
Mondays are offensive to me lol
Bingo starts at 9:30 p.m. tonight and the progressive jackpot is up for grabs! Only at the Northglenn Applebee's (100 W. 104th Ave.)
I'm not sure, but I think it's a thing.
Larry F-ing Luchino joins Don and Jerry in the 4th. Would be a great time for everyone to switch over to Joe Castig.
“: needs let it go , u hairline is like homerun ball , going back n back n gone!”that is very funny right there
Oak Harbor- A nice NE wind has developed which will dry things out just a bit and, most importantly, help keep MOST of the rain at bay.
hello nigga lol j/k say congrats for your sister for me
much thanks to all the new followers.
thankful for the HEB salad man this morning who showed me where the "good salads" were, yummy lunch
Love what's local, as in Madison CT farmers market. what good is #organic if shipped from mexico to Ct?
Q from archives to DH: what would encourage deposit of scholarly work alongside source materials in archives? Money? Fame?
In algebra tutorials with Rachel!(: tummy ache and headache:'( fml.
In every task, ask yourself not only "Is this what a zombie would do?" But also "Is this how a zombie would do it?"
Goodnight :] ...Guess I can say theres a lot of things to look forward to tomorrow
In need of some bill paying friends get it ahaha
I'm playing catch-up. :)
Aw thank you man:)! Backatcha:)!
Definitely not!
Booked A Holiday To Malta In June :)
": School <<<<"and a boring study hall makes it worse
thx cant take cred, folks at did great, our teams are working together to make PG the best Olympic sponsor ever
My day off. Got art group. Then finally watch Wrestlemania 28 and #RAW. Your plans?
Interesting that Michael Moore is now trending in NY, but #occupywallstreet hasn't yet. Censor much, Twitter?
thanks for the shout out!
February 1886.... The Tootsie Roll rolls into stores in America
I always brown and drain.
LOL!! I want to see the pre-showing of it before it hits Lifetime or would it be on Oxygen? :)
Today got better. Started following me. Check these guys out! Awesome stuff.
I was still wearing pants.
Thanks for the
Thanks so much! RT : Finally watched the Losing You video just now, Tyler. Good stuff! And GREAT song!!
So #Knicks fans ... are you going to be ok with getting #Mayo instead of #Carmelo? Will that spark a rivalry if Melo goes to the #Nets?
Generally I'm not into super sweet drinks. I do like the citrus flavored ones, something kinda tart like lemon.
Thanks to for a great lunch conversation today. One of my best lunch discussions in a long time. Gotta do it again.
If you were to write a book, what would it be about, Seattleites?
Love that some of our speakers are reading 's Confessions of a Public Speaker book :-) #get_ready_for_awesome_presentations!
currently reading: "The Shriek of Silence" by David Patterson
Another day in the life
ORACLE: The Magic 8 Ball meets the WIZARD OF OZ on a giant 40' screen....get the answers 2 ur questions next Friday Studios
the latest from I think answers the question. My take: I'm rich & white, so must b right
Rick Santorum sweater vest update. Today's color: gray.
General Education in a Free Society. 1945. Productivity, innovation, individuality=humanities.
I think you have a very pretty nose Jessica.
Still obsessed with information avoidance and cognitive dissonance. Man I love #library school.
Loving this month's ! pages and pages of amazing.
New Job?
thanks buddy! Wish I could have been there!
People who rely on technology so much irritate me like no other. Just be in the moment.
is the best ❤<3
New pictures so comment please&i'll return the favor(:. Texts are welcomed!!(:
I can testify
Ugh whatever, good enough
we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are. Lol
May have to ban you from attending any future Pacers games... What the heck happened last night?
american idol crazy with cartoon voice girl WOW !!!!!!
So fucking sick
Hanger 24 is my second.
live election feed #LeMonde,
Fuck that guy. I think you're funny.
New Musicians I hear. Lol
Thank you Bob! Happy Tuesday!
you have to start somewhere
I don't understand why people follow you if they're not gonna fuckin tweet you
Build strength in the mind and the body will follow.
that sounds better than alright, lol. funfun. ;)
It's a perfect day to walk to work!
Hope you enjoyed that old familiar burn. W/O a colon that burn is a double-edged sword for me.
Guilford Mills sold to Michigan company
Sorry, not sure. He has pitched well, though. RT : But he is set to start this Sunday, if I am correct?
Thanks! Please let us know if you need any help with animations, infographics, or website development.
haha. im just waiting for my Celts to body the faggy Hawks tonight.
Uh oh found a guitar.. You know what that means!
the site should have structure and some content by tomorrow night. planning to launch 2nd week in april. didnt know it is live already.. :/
‎17-0. Rex Ryan, what's wrong? You looked a little defeeted there.
headed to in n out burger-yuuumm :)
absolutely!! but i also embrace the browns :)
Weirdest Twitter account I've seen... as in "Get Funeral Home Jobs"
pretty princess aw
Thanks again for your help earlier.
sorry didn't get chance to say more than ' hi ' tonight. I was conversing with someone who didn't speak English ! speak 2morrow
Doing that now with indexing course. Going online so starting from scratch. Considering re-engineering org similarly. FUN!!
It'll probably be the death of me, as well.
Hate all you want playa i still spread love!
Drink fresh water and as much as possible..Water flushes unwanted toxins from your body and keeps your brain sharp!
Thanks to all! We had a great time at #ala11 this year and it was so nice to visit with all of you at the booth! Safe travels home!
Going to evaluate my acts of service n my attitude about both Thanks the the spiritual 'call out' - very timely
So junior year I'm going to northwest, palo, or bonanza :)
Help not enough juice for my laptop is this how superman felt lol got ta be sill sometimes okay back to adult hood
Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves.
I'm out. Goodnight.
Long but productive day today. Time to get outside and walk the pooch!
Hands down the worst day of my life... ='(
Seems like everyone in the office baked over the weekend, and today they're sharing the love. Thanks for the treats, co-workers! #nom!
i could use one at the moment.
Im bout to go check it :)
There are #100Days 'til the #OLYMPICS, better start stockpiling the dvr with nongay shit to watch while that's on!
I saw that too. Lol. Had to him
Geoff Ogilvy bringin some Jay Don Blake memories at
We should start doing some duo shows together. Modern day Corea/Burton.....but Fox/Wolf.
Good luck to senior Andrew Larkin at the Maccabi Pam Am Games in Brazil!
“In the end, everything must speak for itself and tell us its name.” —Brian Zimmer,
Really like Vandy and A&M as definites for Omaha this year..both great teams and battle-tested programs..
#GOP provisions in tax proposal help only wealthiest 1%, don't create jobs & add tens of trillions to deficit, we must take away their money
Weird seeing all these folks in real life who I thought only lived on listservs
i love haters cause it gives me something to talk about haha
GM I had a nice time with you
Yeah. You are, most times :p
Good luck this weekend, m'dear! Run like hell, and when you think you want to stop. Just. Keep. Going.
"Manage around values, not bottom lines," Ken Blanchard
Last Night was fucking amazing Round 2 tonight :))))
so whats up, can I azk you for a favor?:-)
yea I'm already knowin... Yea I'm good just finishin up ma last year hear...
is searching for Wire Transfer Clerks and Exceptions Analysts - contact Chris at 505.855.0845
Edward 40 hands 🍺🍺
Anytime. Im looking for a creative writing arch-nemesis. How do you feel about spandex and capes? Skeptical about the arms2
so true
i made it home js in time for da LAKERS game
Same here as we're waiting to find out if we're on someone's guest list. I've thought about texting Stevie Stone or Tech but idk.
I'm getting my head completely bald, who thinks I should?
I'd like a car in Koreatown. Near the Normandie Purple line station.
This is not a forum for self-promotion. 8-)
I hope you got my thru via your website please let me know if you have or haven't got it.
YES!!! RT CB Carlos Rogers about to re-sign with SF. Deal will avg about $7.3 mill per year.
Hey thanks for the help today! =]
Is it just me or is mainstream radio stuck on REPEAT even the Gospel stations :(
Client just arrived with #CivilWar battle flag of the 36th Ohio Vol. Infantry that saw action at Antietam, Chickamauga, Chattanooga & more
Do not be afraid of hard work, learn to multi-task, be flexible and patient. -Harish Keshwani
Your music is dope and your gorgeous
lol no, I don't even have my L yet -_____-
Mixed messages from the local elections - The Guardian
*grabs my sweater and a large random coat and is out the door before you can say no*
Not even. I'm the nicest person in the world.
Today is Snagajob's 12th birthday!
Omg mmmee too i was like its deff a fake one and of course its not LMFAOO
preciate this! glad you passed it along ...
Ok I'll take 2 lol : I'll order yours tomorrow now look at the time i saved ya lol
try selling it on Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect with buyers in your area!
Love is a great beautifier.
Very interesting. Thank you for sharing!
Wade is overrated. Lebron can't do everything for Heat.
Yeah i'm sorry i wish i could make it. :(
Would love to be a photographer in D.C. today
When I'm down and out I get up and right
if this dude sitting near me continues to mutter mild vulgarities to himself, i might start getting concerned. (@ The Coop)
finally someone agrees ...“: You think #ItsCuteWhen you take duckface pictures? You look like a stroke victim.”
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 New York Auto Summit
Rob Miranda, 32, said. "I can't believe the devastation right now," he said. "There are a lot of business and homes destroyed."
Kickstarter project is 13% funded in the first 2 days. Thank you for a great start!
this house has 4 kitchen. FOUR! its huuuugeee
Im running my Model Complex Agency
RT : Pickleball is my new second favorite sport #giantpingpong // It's like pingpong while standing on the table.
Support attributed Tomcat WV problem to software bug we've had all along but only recently exceeded threshold causing downtime.
IMO sport they should outlaw is MMA fighting. Many "amateur -likes" streetfighting. Having a TV camera ringside doesn't make it a pro fight.
we should do the east Howe stairs some day! You still go to la fitness?
Vibin in french.!
recommended by you? Should I watch it? It has a alum, Anna Chlumsky.
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese and a cup of soup......$6.95
Stan my eminem will always be one of my fav songs
I wish I was a picky eater. HA
haha I totally agree. His old Ferris just made me sad.
I am hanging in there. Stress but the great Lord has. bless me. I have been reading The Purpose Driven. It's a great book.
What does plan on doing during #NATO in #Chicago?
AU open house today! :)
The Cleveland Fish + Chips group tour FAM is now underway! Welcome to #Cleveland!
Never a dull moment huh?
OMG RESTAURANT WEBSITES: ENOUGH WITH THE "SLINKY" NEO-LOUNGE MUSIC
“You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. but he got me !
Marketing "geeks" meeting today with
12 hr shifts....crazy hours.....and COFFEE <3 gives a total new meaning to wide eyed and bushy tailed. #haha but for real!
you might've been the sober ish one but in the video you def also looked like the mean one haha
Party is Monday, if you know me and want to go, then message me, but if you rsvp'd and we don't know you, you still won't be on the list
Example- House republicans put forth a budget that cuts social programs for kids and the elderly and gives the money to the Pentagon.
“: So has great customer service but unfortunately it's to make up for a disappointing product full of flaws.”
I didn't say you were right, I only said I might be wrong...
have you, or gruber or anyone else you guys know ever been approached by Readability to opt-in?
Everything Happens for a Reason.
naw my sis. not my mom
thanks Colleen :)
Off to a free improv class tonight! Sweet! And maybe a tasty burrito from Burrito Madness!!
Soo happy today's friday yayy(:
I spent 8+ hours on planes today and I'm still in the continental US
your mad late with this reply lol I was just thinking about u
Damn can a nigga get a plate? lol
This demo of the new FIFA Street is fun. Too bad I can't read anything in the interface.
Here's to hopefully parents and educators working together!
Think it's time to JAMN! Perfect short soon.
Can't entertain idiots
The modern way to act is to learn all of the principles of acting, then forget that you know them.
Thank you for all the new follows this week! Don't be good, be great!
thanks! I'm excited - I reckon Washington's a prettier city than New York in a lot of ways.
I need an exit.
Chicago Bulls gonna be number 1in the East just watch
u created Denver's #TebowMania hahaha!! I'm done hearing about disloyal, spoiled, greedy & players! Fans R worse!!
when I saw you today I doubled looked to see if that was you ! Hit that gym bro !
Great conversation with at Amplify event
Hopefully, we'll get to you soon! SmartPost is taking an additional 1-2 days due to heavy holiday volume. Happy Holidays!
ur are so sexy :)
tell me that's a sick joke? you hungout with that hoe & had her in your room? excuse me.
preaching it at
Great board meeting
Thank god for working toilets
How Do I Breathe Without You Here By My Side? ~
The desire for an alternate twitter account where I tweet with abandon about socks and milk is only heightened with wine.
kk im alredy following her now make jb follow me
New season of Avatar coming out. Might have to relive my childhood
field goal number 3
I love cafe stores.
All the weight goes to my boobs! Having a big boob week.
. claims in Budget hearing that #GOP #Medicare privatization budget "protects" the safety net
I am the event coordinator's assistant for wedding season and until #weddingseason starts I am working as a hostess/concierge
Why was Arjun the greatest warrior? Because of his one-pointed Drsti. He never looked away from God.
Star Wars
#ThingsWomenWant me. I resemble a mark wahlberg megan fox robert pattinson love child, Im a vampire, and I dont smell like money, I am money
Cubs win! 2 in a row...wow, should I use the words "winning streak"??
RT : dingle balls and airline tequila bottles around the brim?/ Ought not there be something julepie?
My next paycheck >>>
Fair 'nuf. Let me know if you tweet for him...
Keep you heart in the right place and be your authentic you. You attract miracles in that place.
So busy. Feel like I'm drowning.
I can Skype. There are MANY horrible hospitalizations and deaths that don't hit the evening news, but I talk to the victims.
Note: Using the most glorifying words to describe a product or service for the public does not always mean you are being conceptually clear.
i love this show SMASH its frickin awsome
you guys should come back to Boston :D
Exciting things are happening at Byrd Tile!! Stop in and see all of our selections. Thousands of styles to choose from...over 80 brands!
Of course I am! I'm filled with books! ^.^
Let's go new York rangers...
..lol. damn 10 stacks. Don't you got a hook up?
I adore Lala's show!
How will you recognize you social media team? No shoes.
House budget lowers overall spending levels while increasing Defense spending by 7%. What's a priority?
I just DIED!!! #oomf's said he was going to have a destination wedding at the Miami justice of the peace!! I CAN NOT!! LMBO! [[o-|<]]
Travis Smith Jussi Tuomi Joshua Martin Antonio Thompson Lian West Alexander Taylor LOSING GROUND LAUNCH T-MInus 24 hours!
what happen to simple strings
Dick Clark was a TV icon. Even when he was ill he was still a gentleman.
If you dont shave you
Chanting "Our passion for freedom is stronger than your prisons." #occupypdx #OccupyPortland Be safe. Stay focused.
I love animals. Check out an excerpt about Paige's new kittens here and LIKE this author page.
Yayy I can be in the video !
that's the way to be!
We aren't missing just on a mission! 2012 is going to be BIG
All I ask in return is a twitpic of your final costume :-)
No excuse for Lebron missing FTs, but missing the layup was on Wade.
we're sorry to hear this is an issue. We've routed this to customer support.
Many thanks to the students who participated in the program.
look a zombie
I'm wagering crack head
Your boy Wesley Ward is about to have a winner in the 10th race at Keeneland.
Not an easy task for osu tonite.
is coming to OSU. I can't even contain my excitement right now.
So... lets see your pumpkin pics? Can anyone carve a good Paltalk pumpkin? :)
thanks for confirming I'm not crazy! everything else was working fine. but it just came back up.
That fml moment when your igloo collapses on you.
ha! Some of your best tweet material of 2012. And p.s. You know what she saw in him.
DM I am curious what your company is. We are looking for a supplier.
us ricans are on a whole different planet
Already dizzy
Great presentation by 's Jonathan Tiice about non-traditional students in higher ed.
Big Austin Goldberg
Good: Scored standby exit row seat on flight to Wisc. Bad: Flight was to Milwaukee. Late night driving with the Badgers to end
Enjoying a tasty Lean 1 after a little P90x Cardio X. Getting ready to coach some flag football. Get Some! Remember - Romans 12:11
if you get the hamster ball you won't have any friends.
I forgot how boring not being in school can be.
Isn't there some hydroplaning or a cat show you could be watching right now?!?!
Thanks for the feedback, we'll pass it on to management. Hope to have you back again.
Thats not really up to you
Tonight was beyond insane.
Still love!
k thanks i'll try not to fall xD but i cant compare. You get hate everyday & deal with it
All shirts are $1 off through the end of the month!
A broken heart is a unhealthy heart
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: fatality accident Southbound I35 at Buda has the interstate closed down
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA BE IN BORIS & DORIS ON THE TOWN also we won a Shepherd Express #bestoftheweb award WTF
Thanks! I plan on it.:) I printed them out to keep them in front of me at all times. I also plan to post a pic of me from when
a quote haha :)
I am not a hot weather fan, but it is really a gorgeous day. The birds have not stopped signing! :-)
Pat Riley is a Grandpa!! Congrats
Your momma so fat, she thought the hunger games was a workout tape! XD lolol
thanks for the follow! So is writing your full-time gig?
If you trust many, you'll get fucked over by many.
About to go get some food no thanks to Tom Hanks
WCG Xperience the Edge. Looking for an athletic challenge?Check out our #event wildcanyongames.org and get 6 friends to join. Register today
isnt that Amazing? Right above my culdesac 🏠 I'm so moved 🙌
not all can go so huge but about 75% can. It is nice to see all the details at a grand scale.
Why is law and order only played in all-day marathons? Sub-question: is it better to burn out or fade away?
plus I tolerate your comic book movies, old man.
Man this snow is bullshit
Where is Aretha Franklin???
watched current TV's piece on starting a club last noc. made it seem so easy. get all your friends to stalk the place and promote it ++!!!!
Greek yogurt experiment day one: Fage with honey
Please let us know if we can help in any way!
I have to be in the friken cafeteria pretty much all day :p
: actually, I started that book & put it down, don't know why I didn't love it. Now u & Jane have talked me into going back!
Mouth watering food delivered to your door. Fast and Hot.............
Did I miss anything important?
This is a form of late binding. It gives you the flexibility to change behavior per object without resorting to case statements
how have you ben? (:
Ford survey shows distracted driving isn't just a U.S. problem The risks posed by distracted driving -- a major regulatory debate in the
yeshh but we look nth alike
I just learned my nephew will be going to Univ. of Virginia in the fall! My alma mater, I am so proud of him! Congrats, Will! xox
I think you're much closer to the epicenter than I. Plus I was dead asleep at the time.
Thank you and for giving me a voice this morning! So inspired and touched by the episode & the emotion!
GFL to Stream Joe Schilling vs. Simon Marcus Lion Fight Promotions WBC Championship Muay Thai Fight Card
HSDKJHFKSDFHKSDFH HJKSDHFKJS YOU BETTER TELL ME EVERYTHING. YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE. I LOVE YOU. YAYYYY <333
There are a lot of middle-of-the-pack schools charging >50k a year. I can't imagine being saddle with those loans, even w/ my job.
Okay, what does lime do for the garden?
Awesomesauce-ness. Thanks for the follow! :)
That awkward moment where its your first night sleeping in your own bed all weekend
as far as our traveling pack of Eagles fans go, this schedule could hardly have come out better
Oh yes. I do not have to go into work anymore. Someone loves me up there.
It is the most incomprehensible thing in the world
I got this
There is a mighty good chance. I must say...I do perfer the buns of and
Really?! As if one train wasn't enough?!
are both actually making sense. I can honestly say I am fans of both of you again. Thank you for speaking up!
I'm supposed to be sleep. This isn't right.
. Thanks again for sharing Nick!
Should I get Dish Network in my brother's bedroom? My parents would be jealous
don't cheat on your girl/guy. if you aren't happy, leave.
Hm... That reminds me...
:) I wanna go to bed tho
Great photo plant with Michelle at the Target!!! That will get us at least 5% in the Midwest commoner demo. Keep up the good work!!
Casey Anthony found not guilty of murdering her daughter-nation outraged. Same day 2000+ murdered in abortion nation silent
Got $5 that sez Phil Kabler never makes it on Twitter :) MT WHOA!! Features Editor on Twitter
quoting : "the code is not sold / it is a gift of freedom / you can not own us"
South Florida Technology Alliance has the best sponsors and members around!
Productive day w/ meetings w/ & - not all at the same time!!!
So now I need to cook but I rather bake banana bread but I really should cook...but I rather bake the bread
Thanks for making us part of your day!
Looks like I'm going back to Staples Center Monday night...
I look like a Dbag in my picture
The people tweeting you aren't actually fans. Britney's actual fans are glad you're back on board.
Why are my eyes so heavy? What is this nonsense? 
What is your favorite dry shampoo? Any recommendations?
good one
The ghetto is not a place ....... its a mindset!
I saw a super cute bag you made earlier and heard you have an Etsy! Share, please!
I been told u not to rush anything. Take ya time. The right one will come along
Charlie sheen new show on fx?
Bring your sweetie or your pal to the Inn tonite for a hot meal and cool music by . Musicians welcome too!
That is wild! Thanks for sharing.
I hope you're doing well. I'm interested in hearing what you are up to.
We don't need magic to change our world. We have the power inside us already. We have the power to imagine better.- J.K Rowling
it's 4 am & i'm walking to the store lol a nigga got the munchies ^_^
Can today fly by? I wanna go to work and make monaaaayyyy
Time to remember those we lost last year. I know we'll see Whitney but I hope we don't spend too much time on her.
I saw where the Washington Zoo is welcoming a new naked mole rat. Now Newt Gingrich can have a buddy just like him when he is town.
“: Right now a Marcus McClinton "We Believe" theme would be great for the team right now”
#ThoughtsDuringSchool When the flying fuck do you ever think I'm going to use this in my life? Shut up and let me sleep.
If you haven't received a Member Card, log into your account at joinsporting.com, hit "Edit" and make sure your address is in your profile.
FUCK YEAH BABE!! That's going to keep me hard till I get home, i'm going to send you a cummie, sticky, wet video of me getn off
I know right?
Third Dark Knight Rises trailer isn't as good as the second, but still pumped to see this movie!
You know you're a klutz when you bump your knee in a dream.
It's amazing how much joy you can take in when you shut up and listen.
what's on the agenda tonight
if you are excited about the Brewers Opening day RT this!!!!!!!!
Dusty & Aretha make for a fine night of Sunday tunes...
There are too many "victims" around today. Suck it up and move on!
dude I just cried a lol bit.
In the grocery store, Myla told me she LOVES oranges. She took them out of the bag & told me again she loved oranges & licked one.
very interesting insights and search tools to help build lists. I'm happy to show you how I use it when you're in the office.
damn, too cool (;
Agreed, $ must b flushed from elections. But contr corruption depends upon how democratic & transparent is functioning of party.
We are all super exhausted from the weekend, but it was a great time. Thanks for coming out to see us at Inman Park Festival, everybody!
one of my eyes is puffy and my grammy is in town and I'm supposed to take her around town haha thank god for sunglasses ...
makes two of us. Folding is by far the worst part. Wish I could just leave it in the dryer haha
Make that a triple...RT RT : Hi Twitter. Send lattes and giving a shit.
Feels Like Summer <3
how have i ben horrible :(
Got my first big girl check today!! I am happy.
- is'nt that somewhere in Fresno Ca ? that would provide layers of conversations :)
it's not often you see "meat treat" and "gag" in the same sentence in a NOT sexual way, so kudos I guess.
I love to Jenny get back to me.xoxo :-)
Reflecting on life
I've been away for awhile but just been busy all I can say Is God is Good and it's so amazing to see the red carpet of his path unravel :))
it's pretty depressing...
RT Unless u choose 2 do great things with it, it makes no difference how much u are rewarded, or how much power you have
Good morning everyone!!
I'll even bust out the Wacom.
I'm looking for a decent used road bike. Anyone know of good places to go?
We're loving our new items from LUCY! The colors and cuts are flattering and functional!
Dynamo job fair tomorrow n saturday
How was everything?
You don't know who that is!? Lol
No, not just another spammer. We do occasionally tweet city info that may be helpful. Most of my stuff is personal opinion.
Lindsay Lohan caught drinking on probation. Sentence: watch 24 hours of Lindsay Lohan movies. (except Mean Girls, that one was funny)
We should Bangarang on the Weekends.
big things ahead, God is in the drivers seat!
Hey Pretty Lady:) Big Hugs...
Sometimes, we just don't learn enough about what we are attempting to realize.
New Pet Peeve: FREAKING WORDS. Example: Guinea pig?? M, why not Ginny Pig? Stupid words.
I the blog URL on your twitter profile & saw your bouncy ball, but no bouncy Harry video. Glad it didn't ruin your vball game!
Great meeting you last night at Bully. Hope you enjoyed it!
well i want to get on a chat site and get on cam and stuff
Don't miss the Swedish meatballs in the cafeteria. My kids love them.
UGH I hate cold classrooms D:
Skype now on stage. Yesterday's workshop with & today's meeting make it crystal clear that crowd sourced innovation is key
Looking for some appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites? Let me know Thank you
Not posted yet. Someone blow up my DM if they see it before I do.
lol I haven't seen any of the folks from my high school says in years. I hope they are all doing well.
A guy shouldn’t be worth your tears, you should be worth theirs....
The truth that I have entered into IT-related business is proof that businesses ought to evolve and keep with time.
I don't usually crash til 11/11:30 anyways, so it's not a big stretch. Friday's are a breeze!
it's when you have a foot shaped bruise on your stomach.
Trying out social tv for the night...
Feel crazy good
That was a fun case study and some nice history on the store. Thanks for sharing!
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
Was having an incredible dream with my dad when an earthquake woke me up in the middle of the night. The earth is moving...
love this 63 degree weather we're having
I love that movie!
RT : #JMacUp Make sure if u buy soundtrack on iTunes that u leave a review and talk about 's "Up"!
How do measure your sm impact? Lots of free tools/tips listed in the book. FB insights shows great demographics.
oh yum. i need to get my butt over there for a good bagel sandwich
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires
hey follow me on tumblr ..link is in my description
Chinese food yum
I'm his wife. :) RT : "She always looks like she should be in a White Snake video."
I remain faithful , when all is said and done they will be in the playoffs.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERE
Appreciate the post share - - Have a great weekend!
HELP ME CONVINCE MY MOMMA. 😘
Tf that suppose ta mean , thas ugly Bitch . I ain't no hater ugh
I have sent your personal assistant my resume, any job openingd
Don't worry about inflation, deficits or bonds. Worry about jobs!
#whoelsedoesthis My VM is delivered as an email to my inbox, but my annoying blinking office light sits in Columbus.
Nephew did the impossible to happen in this reality thing of aborting "tag" w/me.
I love my bio family.
#favoriteshow <3 how are you? girls
Just sent you both dropbox referrals. If you sign up, we both get +500MB of space.
<---- Follow Him !! Sweetest dude youll ever meet ( :
Help Support us in creating new jobs in Nevada!!!!
It's probably a bad idea to base an entire semester's class around alpha software, right?
my friends say im a fool, to think that your the one for me i guess im just a sucka for love <3
Well that fight was fast. Haha
Found another illustration! by Wally in Life Magazine Nov 21, 1955. "The Anatomy of a Red Spy Ring" by Isaac Don Levine. p.172
Hey neighbor. You can join us at the Westin tonight after 8pm to watch the results!
Can not stand #jerks!!
If I Have To Take That Stupid English Exam Because Of That Quiz EVERYONE Failed, Im Just Gonna Go Crazy.
What is your favorite song on 's album??
Sweet! My tax refund will just about cover the rest of school for the year! :D
that vowel movie was pretty good
what is it supposed to be about?
Michael Lock is really funny talking about the #cloud (& his daughter's singing) Poking fun at c/s, msft and sap
After thousands of forward emails from my family, one great joke finally appears: What do you call a genius? An average kid w/a Jewish mom.
Precision Garage Door Service in many locations across the US has now come on board giving discounts to Diversity Platinum members. Welcome!
Tis 1s 4 u & me livn out our dreams Were al rite where we shud b Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes & al I wana c Is a sky ful of lighter
no, I left that out on purpose :3 gonna cry bout it ?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope you have an amazing day! love ya xoxo
Just sat in on the "Big-Bodied Burlesque" session. Great 30ish-participant convo. A little too much sexy for one guy to take!
I was never nervous about public speaking until I was on the same mic as John Gurda, Cebar, Hal, Jules, & Tom. Thanks, &
I agree with U if you're gonna reach conclusions like that, you better have your ducks in a row. Like the Belle Curve authors did.
Loved the Corolla we rented. Also loved putting 1671 miles on a car that wasn't mine.
You know you have test anxiety when an open notes quiz on the syllabus causes a bit of uneasiness.
The rain let up, it will be good to get some jobs done in the yard
You dnt got to talk about happiness it shows
Then I said, "Here I am, I have come--it is written about me in the scroll. Psalm 40:7
Happy birthday old man !!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABYCAKES<3 *le gives you a million cats*
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) to Present at the Wedbush 2011 Life Sciences Management Access Conference on August 17, 2011
I had a great 6 mile run this morning...now I need a nap!!
“ Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging ur all for nothing”
"My lack of participation in your cause does not infer lack of support" - Great wisdom from
Cops goin be scared of her ass
please follow me, i love you & your singing<33
did u check??!
hahahha I know
“: I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift to me, from me.”
What an amazing sunset!!!
haha it just means ur awesome NBD
Clients needed to expand our program,we can help navigate debt for free!!
What do you call an ugly rabbit that sits on someone's forehead?Unsightly facial hare!
I can help!
Grandpa and dad is drunk #thatscute . lol
can you help me get to families in San Fran who loved ones were injured in fires. I want to give a survivors perspective to ...
no he has no kids, he way to busy
you light up my world like no body else, the way that you flip that hair, gets me overwhelmed. <333333
true! Haha! Can u please follow me? #hungerforunger !!! :D
Don’t sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
you gotta love short holiday weeks!
#NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves with guest actor/writer
I'm my highest when the music is playing.....
I may do the dreaded open Mic night at hodies half note tonight in Fort Collins. I have new offensive material to test.
I am proud to have been part of Michigan Football history and will always cherish the memory.
Omg I love them so much and love when they do that song!!!!!!!
two at will call under your name!
Musical word of the day: stringendo - tightening, narrowing
What is our Friday Favorite? We love www.clae.com for their stylish, modern takes on classic designs.
Cut this air on, too make me go to sleep
at , I live tweeted the entire business meeting, answered questions from attendees...
lol =( thumbs down ...ur not my friend..Malik voice
yes perhaps on an outside veranda!
New season & lots of changes for the Clark County Vipers! Don't miss the game Saturday at Kiggins Bowl 6pm!
The next sentence implies that he will be back! Very shady reporting! If you guys only knew the "real" story! Good riddence!
Great show in coldspring.....great show in beacon....today is newburgh but its raining but we still commitin! #tired of raaaiiinnn
I don't think my twitterworld spent enough time on Katy Perry's outfit. Or was almost nothing said just enough?
I do
Nearly a third of the donations to the Bowl-a-Thon for Abortion Access were $15 and under! Modest giving adds up to big change.
but isn't that what you said?
Anquan #Boldin of the #Ravens will be taking over the MD #football camp this year. July 6-9, 2011 at McDaniel College.
I'm right over there!
The times when your the most alone are the times you need someone the most
Hope you enjoyed your experience!
Easy money? As in app dollars? Or ranking status for research grants, alumni donors, etc?
I'm seriously in! I'll email ya!
and hoodies. at the same time.
sorry i couldnt tweet u ill tell u why in da messages
RT ": if u dont have trust...u might as well say fck everything cuz u dont have nothing" you ain't neva lied.
I have the worst diahrea. Like im afraid to sleep lmao, goodnightt
Sometimes I need someone to protect me . . . I'll admit that now .
The Cavs would be smart to dump Sessions today. He can start on many other teams. If we get a first rd pick, that's great.
And how. RT : Sunday nights are far less fun since Downtown Abbey went away.
I know her.
Breezing through this week today's a high of 54°F & clear. Who's excited 4 #ValentinesDay? We have exciting tours lined up!
This whole "dancer" thing is kinda getting out of hand. Maybe I should reveal my true passion... Bowling.
Thanks for the follow, must say I'm gonna check you out for myself!
wow not true!!!!
Its boring
I'll have this recipe and 2 others to share in a week or so.
lol! You were soo heading towards that direction! x) lol
Eat and drink and be happy today!
RT : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach
A man without decision of character can never be said to belong to himself... He belongs to whatever can make captive of him.
Giving a speech tomorrow at the Villa Rica Public Library on Hackers and how to stop them. Come hear it!
Just finished rewatching Short Cuts, one of my favorite films and the reason I'm such an Altman fanboy, uneven as he is.
So Wondo's goal was into the windy side of the field.
#IThankGod for loving me first! #read 1 John 4:19 We love him, because he first loved us.
Genealogy madness is in full effect!
ually letting them choose your dating partner"
Looking forward to talking with the in Vienna tonight about reform, innovation, unity, and
mfs be playing man
#MelroseMac service is a rip-off! Wanted to charge $150 labor to replace DVD drive. It's a 15 minute job! How do I know? Did it myself!
I just wanna push the ol hag down when he starts prancin around in the original Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
She came through she bbrought food she got fuxked she knew wassup
I <3 your ad libs. You're HILARIOUS!!
9:15 I know its somebody birthday happy birthday to whoever she or he is
Follow back babes
would love to pay you to host a video chat about the Saints and interested in advertising on your website. DM me for details.
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.
Purchase a #HomestandCombo and enter the raffle to win two #CrosstownClassic tickets! Go Cubs!
When we’re willing to face up to our faltering faith,we give God room to do what only HE can do. When we fake our faith, God won’t touch it.
Wow Ryan Braun won his appeal! History is made in MLB! #fantasybaseball Where does he fall in your drafts NOW?
Sometimes no matter what you say you can't help people...
My friend had said for years a rich lathered soup from one palm and warm firm stream of water from the other. Human shower.
congrats lil brother! If you need help with publicity-hit me up ! Luv ya!
Ron Paul is right again: Republicans are regularly on the wrong side of technology.
We must learn what comes from hell and what comes from heaven and agree with heaven. John 10:10 - the great measuring stick for life.
9 Beach Vacation Ideas | Tips from the beach
for real
never done that before. sweet. in Baltimore watching the ravens game w bro. 3hr bike ride earlier. Sweet!
Do you recommend twitbacks.com
New word for today: Simulacra. An unreal or vague semblance. I'm going to try to use it tomorrow. Hope I don't hurt anyone.
coworker had one new and it was close to falling apart and killing him on highway. He got a payout from Jeep. Stay away, imo.
Congratulations to Haley and Ryan. You had a beautiful #wedding. Thank you for hiring #Time-Keepers Productions to cover your special day.
It was funny as soon as i went to leave bvb came on and scared the shit out of me. and he started to laugh at me
*waves hard* to all my new followers! :D
iloveyou <333 && you know im here for you lol im the frnd that puts lotion on ur backk because other ppl are lazyy.!
you bet! great work on the map!
21up the wave in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
MIami Improv workin out doin 2 shows with my man GODFREY he packed this place and is on stage rippen it as we speak!!!!
Received an exciting email that made my weekend! Looking forward to Monday and beginning work w/ + on a great project.
so jealous. Bring me and some please.
Hear the NEW song from the Zac Brown Band on the New Music Spotlight at 8pm!
And I don't understand why SK isn't on Url too, dude is cold.
I inspire libido to aspire against itself
Is it Friday yet?
Laying in bed and listening to Pandora
Thank you to the Children's Board of Hillsborough County (CBHC). www.childrensboard.org
Think you're a Lunatik? Send us a pic in a Lunatik Tee and have a chance to be our profile pic and maybe on LunatikClothing.com
Fun fact of the day. Under SOPA, you could get five years for uploading a Michael Jackson song; one year more than the dude who killed him
Ceelo couldn't wait to put on that robe.
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrong-way crash on Bishop Ford
“: Drop kicking your best friend in the face #YOLO” your thoughts?
I don't know what I was thinking re: tomorrow. I have esperanza spaulding tickets.
hahahaha that's perfect!
Neilson in with power and purpose
I meant--why MongoDB over similar products like Cassandra?
I miss you. The old you.
going to go and work on Blake's Tale for a bit but I will be bouncing back and forth if anyone needs me.
If ur child outfit came from old navy & you wearing Louboutin, Hermes, Fendi, etc. Attach weights to ur neck and free fall from a plane
It's time for a nap before I do this homework.
Where'd you eat tonight?
Hey #futbol players, lookin' for a new pair of turf shoes. Got any recommendations for what's good out there?
It takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye... Moving on is easy but what u leave behind is what makes it hard
hey! I was dying to ask you for a picture. Love u! Are you going to dinner with Coop tonight?
Well, it wasn't a homer... But I totally had the Brewers winning on a Braun walk-off at around 2pm this afternoon.
Stupid fights make relationships more beautiful... ♥
I would be honored to make an appearance! What's the best way to reach you?
Thx for the follow and don't worry in not shy! Wait and see how I turn upside down and vack to number 1
Being guided in our understanding of the Gospel by the explanation of the holy Fathers, we keep the tradition of the holy Church. the Arena
DAMN LILMAMA GOT THE SPIT SMACKED OUT OF HER
i know well at least chachi is in san fran... if u like her tht is... cuz i do
me too! In my class we actually have to write about blogs that we find (lucky me) haha
they're great! 🐯
top with a small salad of fresh herbs and pickled chilies
Thx 4 the love! RT Thanks 2 Jessica bar 4a great time. loved BBQ shrimp&chicken thighs. Savory cheesecake a must!
i bet
Thanks! Enjoy the ball and let us know what you're reading!
Me too... man. I love frites and sriracha mayo. And have you had the steak sandwich with it? YUM!
You are so talented.
Losing sleep. Losing weight. What the fuck can a guy do?
Yes! Huge win #Caps. Holtby is the man.
starts event off with story of an ever she and and David Corbett - at a nudist colony! Wish I'd been there for that!
Hell yeah she need to stop playin n her friend also lol
Posted! Haha I am awake because I got caught up in my netflix!
“Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary.” Isaiah 40:31
Dang. I'm so smart. I should be an admin to a NU'EST page or something.
our page just "liked" your page...
Big Bend 78, Lower Columbia 71 ....FINAL.......Blake Skidmore 42 points for Big Bend
I call the top bunk.
um thanks for bringing me some haha :))) #CoupleOfTheYear>>>>
I did follow back!(:
Omg a muscle relaxer would be so awesome right now..
good look brozo
Brand should be cohesive across mediums. Logo, website, events social media, signage
the honor was mine for sure. xo
driving providence road between sugartown and west chester pike = some of the most gorgeous countryside scenery in chester county
Does Anybody Else Use Ping??? Tweet Me :) I Just Started My Account :)
We're opening up tonight. Don't miss it...
... it would make sense that our accuracy is best when players are universally trying their best to win.
i guess so...i am sure they would make an exception for all of us as well (sarcasm).
Clearly I am doing something right on #socialmedia that this many people are telling me about the new West Wing cast video.
Asking>>>>>>Assuming.
Is excited to work with on the 48 hour challenge this weekend.
Hi Im an ICONiac . I love 16 Boyz from Englishtown Nj .:D
Same here; relieving myself watching gay porn, and writing gay stories.
“: People who smoke cigs are in the beginner stage of being lifelong crackheads.”
oddly enough I too discovered homemade polenta today...
I would kill for her hairstylist! RT : your hair looks so good this morning!
NO. Him and Caitlin were better :)
"please email with your resume and full discrition of exeriance and experties" I saw this in a want ad. Public school system at work?
may you prosper in 2012 go for your goals
Justin? Seriously?
> BG, you need to start following on twitter for your Big Ten football information. Simply the best.
It's June 16. Save the date! I'll be in touch with more info.
Brushing your teeth six times before you go to the dentist so they think you have really good teeth :D
You are a beast! Saved beast!!! Way to tie the game with just one swing!!
Looks like basic rock climbing skill is required...
Lift that dumbbell 1, 2, 3. You can do it easily. Muscles have great memory. So you keep losing later on, even while watching TV!
the time has come for me to start my twitter experience! Now to figure out how this works!
Thank you for the wonderful experience! I already miss working in the pink palace! :)
This guy I swear.. People talking to you! React! Don't just stare at them like a dumbass!
Christopher Munch's Letters from the Big Man tonight at LAFF. Salaam Dunk if i can get out of my office in time.
“: Ok friends. It's about to begin!!' can't wait ! #TheBachelor” The beginning of the end!
California may be up on the bandcamp tonight ... Or tomorrow...
It's Friday the 13th. A good way to bring yourself some good luck today is to drink Rubicon beer. I should know!
Giant &#39;Godzillus&#39; Fossil Puzzles Geology Experts in the US
Lol partying with a.cook.
is on a webinar learning new PR strategies
I told you his copywriting was killer.
Cliff Lee scheduled to pitch against his new team??? Bad news for my Red Sox when this deal gets done.
Hate extremely vain people!
Perfect night with . Even though he didn't like The Lucky One...
your stuff is lovely! thanks for the follow.
thank youu! She loves doing those stand alone poses lol :P
Watching Metta World Peace on Conan. Never thought it would come to this.
Feeling slightly weird that the lights went out on the train & most of the ride is underground! Well, have my #smartphone to shed some light
Fall in love because you love a person. Don't fall in love because you are lonely.
Broke is temporary, and poor is eternal.
I'm glad I'm finally at peace with all of the people that I neglected for all this time.
It would have to be damn sweet to be as good as Tribes Ascend. I am amazed how much it feels like the original during battle.
there are so many people in my life I regret meeting
it'll be okay!
Who should we listen to today? Any suggestions?
Hour & a half long drive with my crazy religious aunt...this should be good
Mega Bloks Builder - Pocket Gamer
RT : If you haven't already, I highly recommend , a great store with great people #supportlocalbusinesses//thx!
It was about attribution rules for political party donations to candidates. Not all contributions.
We continue to debate direction at my agency -- whether we are PR or advertising. We are both but will emerge in predominance.
The law requires that a budget be passed. In 2010, the Senate did not take up a budget. Nor have they yet this year.
Sed think he funny.... i was 'bout to kick his ass..
I took my almost 2 year-old to a cookbook party tonight and managed to drink wine & talk to people & eat. Thank you !
#DemonicDerek you might find your entry to dungeon sooner rather than later!!!
why is the focus always on the traffic jam, instead of the people who may be hurt or dead?
Also, students in focus grp frequently noted lib site should help them find textbooks. So we tested that with new design.
Finally able to keep food and liquid down.
“: aight I'm done yall gone gang up on me see what u got me in to poopy smh lol” yea #weak lol
Finally mobile again! I think ive gone through 5 phones in less than 5 years. Smh
Your book seems like a hell of an investment...I want one.
doing what LOL RT : this is gonna sound perverted... but i wanna work in a late night video :D
I would think it would be much later than 2025
couldn't agree more.
Math Pick 18: Classic Pick - Math for All Seasons by Greg Tang!
Just saw a woman yelling at her child while throwing trash in the middle of the street.
There a time and place for everything
hahahha this made my day :D
My mama skated on me early this morning smh lol
couldn't agree more! But lowery is playing like an allstar so that's all you can ask for.
me too. Radar doesn't look very good
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
EVERYBODY GOT PROBLEMS !!!!
A1 Shredding,Customer Appreciation Day, Sat, Mar 10. 9-12, 402 Gray St. FREE shredding up to 4 boxes (15x12x10) Paper only.
The Weather Channel is all over these storms in Houston.
