I thought you were running?!?
well you know what they say.. Great minds think alike
#NowFollowing >> Follow Back!?..
This white teacher listening to Faded lmao.
4 words to describe Quiet Company. "It's a damn celebration".
A rare dinner-and-play evening out: first then Long Day's Journey into Night
RT : Proud to be sponsoring the Mid-America Economic Development Council Best Practices Conference, May 16-18 in Kalamazoo,...
If they need help, they come to the Godfather :)
NO INTEREST PAYMENT PLAN FOR IVF! CALL FOR DETAILS 310-209-7700
It is a beautiful day! Sad to think I spent it in school then at practice -_-
Still, gotta give credit to for streaming games. Hoping the can do the same this season!
#uknoyoughettowhen you haven't checked out Mojo's World yet!!! What are you waiting for???? :)
u just made it the worst bday eva
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing. ~ Randolph S. Bourne
Oh no! And you didn't fill the bathtub! At least it's a work day! :-/
I'm walking down the street eating ice cream!
Looking around and wondering who the hell are half of these kids?
We share a fruit weakness. Are they grown locally?
Loving the #avengers profile pic sir
i remember when people would find out that i used to live in hawaii and would ask if I walked to school barefoot or lived in grass huts. 😂
Michael made us pasta salad. I adore him for this. I really do.
Sounds extremely painful..lololo....
DONT @ ME IF IM NOT FOLLOWING U RT : “ Too good bro! RT : WHO HAS HAD AN "In and out burger" ?????”
That tweet gets the repetition badge.
New phone number..... Inbox me for it...
Hm. Guess I can no longer say I haven't tweeted lately.
Sometime those random thoughts you have are confirmed when you pay attention to details it's called questions and answers
Sitting in the hospital starving.-______-
government's role in supplier interaction is much more prevalent outside of the United States.
Romney never got punished for his bully behavior... November will be the perfect time for that.
Tell me why i always fall for ur type.
I just woke up I wanna go back to sleep 
getting ready for 'International Blues Day' with such little notice would be no problem...
Sound design, recording, and mixing of 8 spots in all three suites with 6 isdn connections in one day.
Who wants my old sweatshirt? After the admin summarily liquidated #ktru, there's not much on campus that I identify with.
ahh lucky! Have fun! Hope you're not the murderer because my mom won't let me room with felons haha
Sometimes I wonder it you know what is in front of you
It's almost game time. CANNOT WAIT FOR THE PUCK TO DROP to see who takes home LORD STANLEYS CUP
Old age is a challenge which to most elders is not welcome
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life
HEY AUSTIN I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME HAVE THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE ON FRIDAY!!
thank God
You’d just have to find the local maximum of ∂delicious/∂n.
thank you spread the knowledge spread the love
thank you! I am very positive today! have a great one!!
Back in buffalo!
That nap was amazing, work flow in a few 💰
If you stop sending me ambiguous, one-word subject lines, I'll stop deleting your emails. Deal?
I closed my ebay account and started selling on alienbids.com No Fee's for anything! great chance to make some true money online no schemes!
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mother Goose and her nursery rhymes.
Jk I'm still going ah why me
Loving LOVE GAME nails for her Power and Control video!
Good joke, Darren! RT : MUST SEE: Dan Majerle catches ground rule double w/plate in other hand
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you. You've already had a rough 12 months. Don't make it any worse for yourselves.
Watching Pineapple Express
Years ago, I was a bit underwhelmed about ProTools' waveform displays compared to Sonic Solutions'. Now in PT10, they look like Sonic's.
Special #SHOUTOUT to all of my new
well, : suggested videos of #indiana's breweries - I like that idea
fact: drops bombs
True dat bro...Glad to see they got honored though.
that sounds good to me lol
I'm just a lucky slob from Ohio who happened to be in the right place at the right time. Clark Gable
Tomorrow's the BIG day! The winner of the #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway will be announced! Can't wait to see who the lucky couple will be!
Wish I could just stay in bed all day. But no, I decided I needed to start working out. Blah! 😒👎💪
your boring.... -emma
#ept2012 watching two wizards n redsox yankees show more of elky in super high roller
haha no your not! BUT HAHA I TRICKED YOU ;D
I will follow you, CEEJ.
RT : Thanks for the tour and hospitality for today's Meet the Media event.
that's what happens when all the big stars get hurt.
I'm less of a person for not going to #cubs opening day game. But i am
we're all gonna miss you. Hope you visit
happy bday lets get sum pcp and wild out
No No. Vintage. Renaissance. Refined. :-)
fellow #PS3 #COD #MW2 gamers......how is the new map pack treating ya???
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
LUCK's cancelled?!? Gaawd Dammit. Fuck those horses why is this happening to ME??
Did you use the scooter cart?
About to get started at the Orchard Ridge Community. will be here any minute!
random guy at the gas station: "you are gorgeous. beautiful. have a nice day." Thanks. have a nice day too
um I just threw up in my mouth.
-- its supposed to come out in 2013. So, I'm going to assume its this time next year.
Job numbers up, still the GOP is "unimpressed." What would it take to impress them, the 2nd Coming?
wow; that's quite haunting
haven't thought of that yet.. could be a cool idea! any other songs you would like to hear covered?
If it can clean battery acid, can't possibly be that great for your system...whether they say its safe or not.
Ed: YELL YEAH MOTHA FUCKA YEAH MUTHA FUCKA YEAH!! Us: HE'S SO HOT. *dying*
|#quotes Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools needed to acquire great wealth.
Anybody see the Michael Jackson movie? What do you think? Let us know...good morning, central Ohio!
Sometimes u need to just go for a walk
Love post-rainfall LA. For a brief, shining moment, there isn't any shit in the air and the horizon extends as far as the eye can see.
New Haven. Chugging forward!
I love getting the attention of a room full of men when I walk in wearing a short skirt suit and high heels. They tend to salivate. LOL
Thanks for the RT's & trying to get me more followers!
go ahead, let her tear you apart. just know i never would've done that to you.
wow - that is fancy!
It's not mini golf unless you play through a castle.
Where do you get your news? Twitter (says 1st-year Journalism students at IUPUI today)
Indeed. I put a lot of time into getting Washington Establishment to be where they are - atop one another.
We haven't used Edmodo yet....but we'll try it! It was a great project & the kids learned a LOT!
Not a good buy but my two cents.
music=math=music=math=music
Tc's talent and voice is out of this world
Feel better!! :)
hahahaha okay! you need to come over too, so we can make truffles :)
You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. But you can decide how you're going to live now.
Sure, as long as it's short. Focus on the assignment at hand & don't get distracted.
Happy Monday everyone!!!
So what did you think of Melancholia?
Ten takeaways from the Sony Ericsson Open
When Jim added SMALL SOLDIERS to his queue, Netflix recommended AMERICAN BEAUTY
Ice is falling from the sky in south Austin. Yes, really.
Just watched princess n the frog! Great movie
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack!
"the fans turned the stadium into a fortress"
Usability session starting now. Hoping for some nuts and bolts, not just broad overview.
Oh shit, I haven't tweeted in forever. They changed the layout on me. Guhhhh.
Swag swag swag on you! :)
Is power tough or expensive to upgrade? Saw that issue in my initial research and willing to tackle it.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized. -Leo Buscaglia.
Dear...People Who Think It's Okay To Leave Your Dog Outside Barking All Day, if I was in charge, I'd lock you up. Thanks for waking me.
"The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting." - Vincent Van Gogh
Some1 threw Eggs at our new mailbox, who does that crap lol..........
Ikr txt me laptop has 2% left love ya
lmao, we'll have a ghetty just to eat mangoes :D
your dad must be a highly informed guy who makes great dinner table conversation.
After Brazil, Florida is the world's biggest orange producer, and more grapefruit are grown in the state than anywhere else on the planet.
Don't miss award winning stand J308!
To honor our presidents today we're working to support the national treasury!
All Facebook Fan Pages will be automatically switched to the new Timeline's on March 29. More info coming in the next couple of weeks.
random side note!!! I'm working tonite..
I got to see tonight and she was so excited hahaha.
i can giv u a white xmas lmfao
: just what the doctor ordered
We're excited to see what you choose! :)
sounds like a Resolution!
Woo hoo! RT Had a wonderful meal here tonight. The slow roasted pork prime rib hit the spot! Excellent service & great food
Tweet training for
Our trip to #Seabreeze next weekend filled up in ONE DAY! Craziness...
Only a few more days until 3 hits. I feel sorry for all the other PC games that will be trying to compete with it.
. we collectively bought the lie of 'info wants to be free', blaming privacy-victims for not submitting to this false inevitability
Redneck Tale # 67 – Ups and Downs by GusTheRedneck
All my ex's always come back in tell me I was a great girl all that bullshit smh it took me to leave for y'all to see I was a good girl tah
Thanks y'all! We're thrilled to be working with you guys to build something better.
boys guys like: BLACK HOLE SUN by D.M.Gil ~ sci fi + action. grades 7+. Text, storyline, cover, AND title deemed "cool" by my MS lib guys.
rose has a LAST STEP. MJ had a first, Kobe has a first. Sleep on that Billy.
We might be on to something...
I am at the ILF District 2 Conference.
Speed on or get #peedon one of my favorite of all time lol..
"A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students. -John Ciardi" Good one!!
#Illumination is so dope #HornyGoatWeed is my jam.. when a new project comeing out??
My room My room My room
No, but it seems like thats the right way to go. Have you?
#itAnnoysMeWhen People kiss my ass. Like bitch, I know you're talking shit on me behind my back. GTFO.
and quit spamming me fatty!
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. Greek proverb
Our first goal in exercise? Do no harm. Safe exercise solutions. This is MindFirstFitness.
How the f**k can u go a beach party (igloo) and dress up? That's just f**king DUMB!!! Its a beach party R-tards!
RT Get ready for your face to melt off, hope you have a good cosmetic surgeon to help re-attach it after tonight!
Don't do it!! I am the voice of reason.
very cool absolutely us too. Let us know the results! I told Kevin I could get a better score than him, where do we DL?
I have hockey at 10, you guys should come. I'll bring beer :)
Hanging loose at home hahahah
Possible homelessness come August. I have couches in LA, NY, ATL, CHI, BMORE though, what are friends for!
Looking forward to having you. Will it be your first visit?
Reading ”Fifty Shades of Grey” .. Let's see what all the hype is about.
I wanna see the Hunger Games. It seems awesome!!! 😊
Jak II was just a big change from Jak and Daxter, I didn't like it.
I need new Haters, my old ones are starting to like me
Why am I not surprised?
'I've been in such an Eminem mood lately' 'me to!' 'yeah buddy! But you're always in an Eminem mood' haha
Shea Homes sure does build big, beautiful homes. We are HUGE fans of their work.
cant do it today but soon
I was working in the US Capitol, the Let's Roll heroes of Flight 93 prob saved my life. Peace, Love, & Remembrance to all.
i Needem Mentally Stable I be runnin In too small Minded Mothafuckas
": "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama /via " Amen !!
Did I say once twice? That's also when I first noticed my mild case of brain damage first.
Do they still play the "Let's Do It" clip -- remember that from the 80s at 3 Rivers?
yes. 835 Jefferson take a cab. it is $5. We're seated but are relaxed.
Thanks! We're trying to better integrate those CR resources (audio, video, text ) so that users make historical connections.
WORDS CANNOT EXPLAIN HOW MUCH ALEXIS AND I NEED A TV SHOW
If you need Chicago Messenger to pick up your mail during NATO week, we must have a letter of authorization from USPS.
My choice for next week, Falcons, Lions then Giants in that order.
What about Jamie Dimon himself? (Lead by example, Jamie) $JPM
Let's go #Tarheels!
DAMN, STILL WAITING 4 CSI, COPS CAME & LEFT, C' MON PEOPLE!!!!
Clippers play at 9:30 ish & Knicks lost BAD yesterday from Miami :(
thanks again, man! No stalking...I keep a loaded 270 under the bed..and a smaller gun on my body...peace!
do you have a skype with video?
is moving to the River Market! More info coming soon! :)
#Taurus are master procrastinators of the zodiac. (via )
amazing! We might need to see some pictures of you in all your new gear soon!
as they should be live it up!
That is very interesting! :0)
on !!! Love it!!! couldn't make anyone out, but I'll say it, you looked great!
Just finished "What Remains" the documentary about Sally Mann. Now I love her even more. What a fascinating artist. Recommended viewing!
Just Atee Chinese Food (:
&& thts real talk!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! T
We're in awfully good company aren't we!?!
Although it was also ideal in #Cambridge and
true, the whole store is mess right now, the app search sucks monkey balls
uh ya! i would sit there all day if i lived there
i kinda........don't like it when he randomly brings her up, but oh well.
Hanging by the pool! Happy 4th!
Rory on both counts. His game is too good to stop right now.
lmao the real housewives of ATL the drama queen one
Thanks for the follow Jenny!
Saw Mom yesterday (saturday). She's more like herself, but nowhere near ready to come home. She doesn't remember being in hospital lst wk.
Fair enough. I do recommend the movie—really enjoyed it.
What a waste
ehh #whitegirlproblems the airport is always fun! Just people watch #likeacreep haha 😝
Please follow me, me and my friends love you and i saw you at the Navy Pier in Chicago
no it's not I was in a really pissy mood and I was just taking it out on u ur not a jerk your the complete opposite srry
Don't worry about your summer internship...THE INTERN QUEEN has got you covered!
Now back to the money tomorrow.
love ur hair
Summer is over, fall TV is here. What you watching tonight?
with too!
As COO, you must continually increase your learning, the way you think, and the way you approach the organization.
Four more projects in the works, It's gona be a busy summer. Thank you Universe!! I love it!!!
Yep no more violence on these streets
Between the Thunder, Clips, Heat, and Knicks the NBA is really fun right now
Seriously considering buying a pedometer. I'm wonder how many steps I take when I take my shopping excursions on the weekends. I'm spent!
but you weren't at the Jackson Village Hall were you? ;)
I think of Blind Ravi
lack of clarity. there are also letters of Muhammad's life from his time, but biography is later. thanks.
Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
I'm such a wino.
SUEPR FULL MOON?!
dunno, couple mos to decide this time... gut react was more Joshua Tree but might opt for bday camping trip in Yosemite, wanna go?
Penguins one point away from Philly for the division...Miller v Crosby rd 1????
yes. We'll be self-effacing. It's possible that people are madder at the saints then teams w/ murderers, rapists, or dog-killers
Eating blackberries
Haha. What the hell are you doing in Chicago? How are you these days?
I was there, too. Dell (and many others) did not have booth babes.
and spank a monkey?
Channel 7 is showing BBC America :D
Includes Resolve?! I'd take one.
you guys are just trying to scare me tonight, aren't you?!
Opps, you mean people drive to ball games and want to park? The shortcuts the city & Marlins took are coming home to roost.
Busier than ever. But staying organized and hungry to do even more in the second half. Where do u focus?
nah. He was in hospital scrubs. Etnies on his feet tho, so...
Ah, and I are at ihop. Near a fenced in fire dancing party. Of course.
I feel like technology/social media "democratizing" knowledge can be contested though, as not everyone actually has access to these spaces.
One month smoke-free. Not too shabby! And it only sucks for about 8 minutes each day.
Bout to take ie crib and fall out no1 to talk to at the moment so sleep sounds great
thankful for the bag of sunchips stashed in studio. had gotten so hungry i felt puke-y. breakfast is important folks.
What kind of world do we live in where a soldier can't get his rocks off?
CAT: the litter box is clean again. someone is stealing my poop!
Many of the activities so far have introduced poetic elements: play with sounds and rhyme and free association, tied to vocab from the text
I moved to a new town no one knows me so if I killed myself no one would care
Happy birthday! :)
Thanks... I think she's waited long enough. It's been almost 7 years but my brother is finally taking care of it.
I know, right? I love my dogs so much. Stories like that kill me!
haha. You're welcome. At least I saw the important tweet.
Adversity is a mirror that reveals one's true self.
what are your plans on the Yen?
looks great! Good luck this season!
I refuse to be labeled by people who can't possibly know what my life has been like. It's presumptuous on your part.
DON'T ASK SOMEONE TO DO SOMETHING YOUR NOT WILLING TO DO YOURSELF
I just want to post a pic & show before I send it to her, surprise anticipation is too much for me 😁👏🎉
Even if I told her, I doubt she'd buy a new one. We've been together 15 years and we have 2 kids. Mouth germs don't matter.
hey you have a couple of my records already...I am back in town let's do business...call u tomorrow
If Apples put out a iPnone 5 that looked like a classic iPod with the jog wheel, the stocks would fall on release. You have to stay ahead!
Anyone who tries to visit me while I'm napping is not ready for what's coming to them.
What is your vision of Chinatown?
RTRTRT“: Once a player always a player.”
will you ever notice me? and follow me?
Thanks so much for the kind mention!
very close to here. Did you live in New England?
Prints are big for Summer 2012
thinking of u n ur mom...thank u both for giving!...its gr8 for a boost in star power!
Thanks for the pointer!
Can I tell you how much I love FedEx Office? Let me count the ways...
heeeheeee yayyyy i finally drew domo! and an anime girl!!!!!!! :D
R U K!?!??! hahaha, double fudge looked like a mushroom again by the way.
I can play third base better than Mark Reynolds! Heck, I'm pretty sure Billy Cundiff can play 3B better than Mark Reynolds!
oh and there new album is on itunes!! yay!!! i love it! itunes.com/poema
I was like baby, baby, baby oh!
RT : RT if you'd killabitch for your goalie :)
Romney is just saying whatever he thinks that will get him elected. Hes not gonna do anything he says once he gets into office.
I'm not sure who wrote this, but it is unacceptable and unprofessional. It won't happen again I promise.
TRUE STORY. I'm still dying. :)
I'm going to look at your board to figure this out. Thanks for providing the link.
#iwish i was still with him
I am going 5 4 6 in the derby
Virginia Elite putting in a lot of work this summer very proud of the direction of the program
Sometimes u just have to roll up yr sleeves and get yr hands dirty.
Are you sponcered yet?
Ok so let's play this again! Tweet me which bromance you ship the hardest!! #Niam won last night (:
It seriously is like a horror movie. Get someone to come take care of it asap and hopefully you won't have wasps in the house!
Congrats to all the college students graduating today.
Had a blast at the casino with & his family!
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
(No offense, Steven Martin.)
Haha Sorry I Haven't Been On In Awhile!! Happy New Year To You Too!! (:
Look behind you. I'm right there...just kidding I'm like 1,000 miles away
Damn hearin these dudes talk about high school baseball is bringing back some memories
What do happy people know or do that unhappy people don't?
You have plenty of entertainment lol.
come home! Come home!
Getting that ass waxed lakers
bored D: someone tweet me (;
hope your ready for Monday! The countdown is on. Referral frenzy on Thursday when I'm in town.
Damn i havent smoke that smoke for one week, aint yall proud! Here's 2 drug free america lol
Dude, don't tease us with potential fill-ins for Dan during the Olympics...how many still at #TheMothership? O/U: 2.5???
I just wanna be successful.
I haven't had time to run. I'm either writing, cleaning house, or sleeping. And I can't run at 4 am that won't work
I already know what you're up to. Making movies and being famous sucka. T is for teddy is awesome BTW.
#Rams keep getting beat to the punch. Kendall Wright next?
Now making ready to move on
People annoy me so easily. I wanna go home.
NPA will be at a lunch with Sen. Weinberg tomorrow to talk LGBTQ issues! Thanks to Garden State Equality for hosting
awe, good! maybe i'll be able to come then. i just need a ride.
stoked to beat the shit out of tonight.
Ur time and skill is worth it. Think of the ROI ur client gets for their investment
Having a case of the Wednesdays? Tomorrow's almost here and it's Pre Payday Thursday! You can get $2 off of any combo. See you tomorrow!
hey man kent here call me9752989
Strange hearts beat alone
Just watched a whole episode of "living single" must be back home ;)
I wish they would see the TT. Thank You Joan ♥
Amazon is no longer a fulfillment company. They are best monetized as a payment gateway.
Good afternoon Everyone
Some people like their fupas... Shit, can't hate on that.
i missed you last week!!! is your mom still in town? <3
It's cool to see people singing the "Star-Spangled Banner." :-)
follow me and i'll follow u
It was a good series for my Knicks even though we lost we kept fighting to the end
I've spent the past year with my best friend, I am truly blessed that he is all mine. Happy Anniversary babe
Just finished #CatchingFire. On to #Mockingjay! Loving the Hunger Games series -- not what I expected!
how are you , thanks for supporting
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million
Rushing to #SamGoody 2 get #AnchorMan w/my beautiful woman in the #Gaslamp! #StayClassySanDiego Have to brush up b4 the sequel!
#iCantDateSomeoneThat doesn't have anything going for themselves, a lot of kids & baby mamma drama.
If you would like a follow back just ask :D -Jesseca
Anytime! Think about that bottle Allyson...Think about it
Nothing-We just browsed-They had incredible tables from old metal conduit & re-purposed wood but the "artist" wouldnt allow photos
and now your making me wanna see it like right now lol
On the bus to abilene we go! :-P
Let's get people talking.
Disappointing Snowstorm.
Your followed now =)
when ever you want!
We are in search of a fresh new face to become a manager and member of the Milwaukee Ale House staff, tweet us if you are interested!
I think you just blew my mind. Put Neil Young in some black lace, and then I'll think about it. Hee hee!
Moves to make & money to get... seems like keepin everything in order is the hardest part!! Lol, I'm just playin, I love my life!
I'm Sorry Again. maybe we can be friends? :D
just gave a great speech. Made me tear up!
when do you get back to Atlanta?
fight intro music === intro by XX trust me dogg
It's Too Hot In Chicago !
Crap I made a mistake in that last tweet
good luck tonight... I'm going to be up there again l8r in month this time I'll b sitting @ 5/10.. Can't wait2 play up there!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: 97% females with mutant MeCP2 have typical Rett. Gene is on X chromosome and mosaicism leads to wide range of phentypes.
Confide needs to get back together ok
Hoping that my confidence level will continue to raise the older I get. When Im 50maybe Ill finally be able to talk in front of a crowd
have a good night sweet dreams ;) thanks again ;)
Stay the hell away from Derek
the super bowl ads are a great reason to tweet- sorry for filling your feed! :) what was your fav?
I second the bowling ball notion. Nothing impractical about it. Plus a total conversation piece at the lanes.
The ending of Titanic is so bittersweet when all those people are dead and that confused lady throws away that fancy necklace :(
Local love tonight at der Rathskeller with (LP Release Show) w/ The Midwest Beat, The Fatty Acids & Pioneer (Free!) 8pm
Everyone wants maybe he should have been the finalist for his team.
reach us at please do not spam
I'd ask for one thing and it'd be that you answer your phone!
Rex Chapmans voice always sounds like he needs some hot tea and halls
Don't pay with exact change at the tick tock diner; you will be spit at
#10ThingsIWantToHappen get through #lawschool without committing a major felony
great picture but why isn't Lauren in the middle? Haha it looks like its your bday
Every company coming out of the 2nd class of is killing it. Get out your checkbooks :)
. No matter what we gonna party tonight <333 I love you Justin Bieber . #believer <333
service learning as a positive way to show our schools
1st round of tourney he fought dude who won last year. Lost in the 5th. Good spirits though.
Busy. But made time to chill at the cabin. How was your weekend?
Suck in any harder bitch you might crack a rib
#Visual #Designers - want to be the first creative for a small & quickly growing SF #startup? Web Apps are the key!
You are sweet!!
That's too funny.
Another successful delivery. Explain to me why people still shop in supermarkets again? Makes no sense!
I know these folks ain't Tryin to have a foam party on a Sunday
Younger siblings are annoying, especially when they can speak.
Do you think you're addicted to Facebook? What have you done to curb your habit?
RT : #FF the new-to-twitter Wish all readers would leave half a dozen comments at a visit.
we really enjoy having you @ la cofradia.
If Soulja Boy came to the burgh, would yall go to his show?
Thanks. I stand and salute this info. Regards ...
took me to MayBerrys!!!!(: yummy!
promo me? shoutout? please? :D
I am awesome.
is so ready for a mini-vacay to Houston. Until then, seeking escape in a strawberry cupcake with strawberry buttercream icing. Must workout!
Also, can we talk the 4th? Because I'm unclear as to which days/weeks to talk off!
Thanks for rt :
This is making the #MayweatherCotto #FaceOff seem interesting!!! Z
will def check out a taping.. we would bring listeners tot the today show concert series. you were great with them! Sky-K104 NY
“: Prediction: Selena Gomez is going to be in the Boyfriend Music Video”
doctoral candidate too? What do you not do?!
*FLIPS TABLE* *GIVES UP* *WALKS AWAY*
yeah. Got it... makes perfect sense.
congrats Keria!!! We got big girls now Kimmie!!! Ugh stay lil girls!!! Lbvs
Your sinning will eventually catch up to you unless you repent. You are making yourself to be a false idol.
I hate whores! Why can't they be a lil normal!
lol I'm sorry to say I probably won't be attending edc this year tho, I don't mind going to rtb fuck it
Someone shd ask Mike Pence why he wants to make more children lose their mothers to cancer that could have been detected earlier.
A little rain won't keep me from enjoying a day at Wrigley with my friends from ! Go Go!
Look for Waiting For Superman, a moving documentary that points out the injustice & futility of America's public school system (on Netflix)
Why call a toll free number out of state? Call your Pella Fella directly @(505) 918-6339. Jeff Reynolds, serving the ABQ, NM area for 6+ yrs
weather & other unidentified crazy
heck of a game Saturday..Lets-go Yank-ees ;)
Welcome home!
To California, this would be the "snowpocalypse." To us, it's "winter."
>> and << look stupid in tweets... Looks like a lot of random bit shifting
thanks for the feature
GOOD MORNING
Every step that we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made easy by some one else. -Manly P.Hall
Glad he remembered how to do it at the Emirates! season- defining victory for the gunners...
10 hr days are not fun...
Im just tryna get this to-go and go home.
Does your girlfriend know you're saying this ? No ? Didn't think so .
I've been singing it really good though... So yeah I hope this goes well ...
Question of the day . how many cans of beans you must eat to gain a great fart .holla at me if you know retweet
that's a inside joke everyone, nobody freak out lol. he not dead foreal
Good night!
Three 15-yr-old students arrested for arson in connection w/fire at Woodburn H.S. live on scene 11pm.
I think that players should have the same rules as coaches. If the coach leaves they should be able to move on too.
You have seemed much happier since you left CBS. Is that true?
School is out in 4 minutes. Bye everyone!
lol I'm exploring my artistry... U know artist gotta look rough lol
This bitchy 9 year old on facebook called Harry 'Henry' and thought Niam was called Liall .... what the fuck is wrong with her.
I'm attracted to intelligent women. So...
Johnny Depp is damn good on that guitar.
Cant wait to leave Africa & go to Europe
Gonna get off computer! Tweet tomorrow!
This has gotta be the good life.
For next year I solemnly swear to speak less, listen more
thank you for supporting your urban streetwear by using repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com! RETWEET if you love kloop!
Falling in love is easy, falling out of love is hard, that's why we must guard our hearts diligently.
And ppl sit out from church or dont go cuz of that shit ... Thats too much
I'm playing at Stage on Herr tonight- between 8-9 ish. I'm a singer/songwriter, then & after me. Come!
Great drive to Vegas. Can't wait for WordCamp goodness.
More Breaking News... APRIL FOOL'S!!!!!
“: #TextsThatLeadToSex I'm home alone right now” Especially if jazz music is playing when u get there....bow chicka wow wow
No.1 Ranked Ohio State plays tonight against Purdue watch for OSU Big Jared Sullinger
According to IMDb, "A Royal Affair" should be out in theaters at the end of March. Let's hope that is not a little white lie.
Girls got way more hoes than dudes
Crystal clear.
It isn't fun either.
Shark Week Rocks -- especially on a rainy Sunday
Food :-D yes
US: Mercer Estates appoints head winemaker Mercer Estates has appointed Jessica Munnell as head winemaker.
#beansandbarley for brunch... yum!
Tip For The LADIES: Stop choking hazards: Get a Brazilian Wax!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 19
on the day when I actually want and need to talk to people, no one is in their office's to help me with my crisis......
Right Now I Just Wanna Hold Hands , Cuddle , Have Someone Run Their Fingers Thru My Hair , && Kiss Me All Over My Face...
I can get the ticket from u or Double Be... Whoever is closer I guess. I live in Dickinson. Near NASA Rd 1
Don't require a question on a survey that only applies to half of your audience.
follow me back
Between you & me a world-famous photographer has just agreed to donate a print to the Friends of Anton auction! Details soon.
Happy mothers day to one of the most patient and compassionate teachers I know. # thanksmom
Check out 'Game Night' episode 3 - Bring a Friend. www.gamenightseries.com
When my boyfriend doesn't text me back <
1 more week and I'll be back in the mitten enjoying You sure y'all don't want to distribute to CA?
what is wrong with my wifey?
If you haven't posted to your social media channel within the past four months, fear the reaper.
I think it's a must - have mostly because you made it. I have to get my virtual copy
I enjoy watching you play #callofduty when I do not get motion sickness.
The more the sleep the more time I get to dream about Austin...
congrats, mr mayor
Just saw the trailer for Black Ops 2, it looked so raw can't wait to get it.
I'm guessing neither one of us has hair that responds appropriately to curling or flat irons? Is the bun under appreciated?
RT I keep my dog’s identity off of Twitter – to protect him from all the fans.
I have awesome colleagues Thank you all for your nice wishes.
GO FOLLOW FOR 5 SOLO SHOUTOUTS :D
OMGoodness Mark! You don't have to do that. I'm just enjoying what you share!
Loved talking the meaning of #life with Miss PA last night !
50 CENT CORN DOGS AT SONIC!
RT Cuddling in bed, falling asleep and being bored together is probably
Listening to bruno Mars.... (Thinking) Damn......
Next pair im getting #Retro 4's April 12th
Sea kayaking w/ in Maui and being surprised by a humpback whale just 10 feet away. Magnificent & terrifying.
Lol. My fastest cycle speed was 52mph. Riiighhht.... Oh , sometimes you're so off. I still love you.
#TGIF Have a good weekend and get excited for more prizes. The hunt continues on Tuesday.
Okay, it is time, I can wait no longer! Cocktails? When?
There's still about 8 hours left.
Lot of talk about reducing our carbon footprint & conserving resources. 5 Carbon Footprint Reducing Tips that can help you go green:
smh. what have you been up too
Great article!
Pearl, meet pearl.
Is it normal practice at Hyatt to still be cleaning guest rooms at 5 pm? I mean rooms guests left before 9 am. Seriously? Annoying.
FYI Nashville, San Antonio and North Shore,IL all members of autoglasslocator.com Please spread the word. We're growing quick!
I need a tangible reminder of why I'm still pushing or what i am pushing toward to?
probably not i'm too awkward uhmmmm what do you do
I'm definitely seeing that! It seems that if I take a conservative approach, though, I can assume "New ed." means what it says.
Learnt Fast Car on guitar, I love that song so much
good, there in canada visiting my aunt she sick
it's a treat, from what I hear. But I think you need to be in San Fran.
I honestly wish!! It was crazy how real the underwater part was
thanks for sending links. watched it a year later and it's still awesome! cc:
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Don't live in a fairy tale. Know how to live for their own satisfaction.
I have to have music on when I write. Been swaying to The Memphis Dawls all morning at my Macbook. So. Good. These ladies are stars!
Nite tweeter... have fun y'all.. be safe tho uh.... blessings luvs.......
you see the #Bills are 0-5 also wtf?
Good morning. Thanks for retweeting. May your Sabbath be miraculously blessed.
Oil change
Our own has two invites to give away! Giving them away later today. Who wants them?
Just gotta keep my mouth closed can't let my sister find out nothing
that's the one I tried, too. I was glad I got it on sale. Lol
RT : RT to #WelcomeHomePrince Prince Fielder to sign 9yr $214M record deal w/ Thanks 4 Making The Switch
A Year In The Making aired for the first time in Australia, & I just want to remind you, that I'm so proud of you & the boys.
hope so
Thanks for the shout out.
Watching #Tebow come back down to earth
'When a woman tells the truth, she is creating the possibility for more truth around her.' Adrienne Rich
...doesn't deserve to be fired. No-Shows vs. UTA/PHX real problem.
Just got around to watching the interview with She was radiant as ever
what color are heavynns eyes?
what are you talking about
have you seen the movie?
Can I get a RT for football
The las vegas womans expo has over 150 vendors tomorrow at the Rio 10-5 its going to be huge First 500 women get a goodie bag
ah well tell her that shit because I know you don't want to fail that class after all that shit you had to put up with
Rise and shine! Getting ready for dance competition!
Mood? Kill it
I missed it ):
Idk I'm just getting pissed off
You can't have swagger with a fupa.
wish i was outside.
I often wonder, after I'm dead, if anyone will fight over my stuff?
I JUST read that quote today. Oprah. Love it :)
Laying back with your earphones in>>>>>>>>>
FREE AT LAST! three week break, here we come.
59% of men and 66% of women thought someone was hot until this... Until what?
AND IM DUMB!
Midlakes Basketball: Had our banquet today. So nice to bring everyone together for such a nice meal.
Thank you! It's pretty exciting. And best of all, great to be some place where I can buy a house instead of renting forever!
Going to a concert tonight where its ok for someone in the crowd to yell "FREE BIRD!"
Catching my breath after an insane couple of weeks. And just got to catch up with one of my best friends.
also I'm celebrating my 14 lb weight gain.. Hurt mahself, no gym for 3 weeks, drink every night.. Oppowinkies!
Hey, #baseball fans! Bryce #Harper will play for the #Scottsdale Scorpions! Come stay with us and watch the best prospect in years!
Come over here!! :)
Who needs The Hunger Games when #madmen is starting? I like to call it the Martini & Scotch Games. Much more fun.
Stranglehold by Ted Nugent
o ok. what's ur locker combo?
Who finds a bag before bottoms lol O.o?? What??
Dinner with the lady that gave birth to me that would be my mom
Waited to share it until I was sure I loved it. Too often I send my agent an idea, only to decide later that I don't really love it. (2/2)
The Kaiyodo one was alright, but the McFarlane one was way better as a display piece. Would you be at all interested in one?
BTW, how did you get your Klout score so damn high?
Man, you are such a pain in the ass!
I know but we're staying married this time babe. ;) when's the honeymoon.?
Maybe I should get u one of those feeling charts. :)))
Dude, I know right!
thanks for reply. for new hdtv. No sunlight in room. Lcd? Plasma? What would u suggest?
Getting off for a while... Hopefully Twitter will still be here when i get back :-/ SOPA GO AWAY LEAVE SOCIAL NETWORK ALONE!!!!!
I just call her boo i dont know the hoe name
Your welcome man. How much is the exclusive??
Amen to that Babe. My Cable is slowly getting torn at the ends. some of the after market chargers a little better than apple's
happy birthday to u
i'm out walking precincts and just saw the American Idol limo drive by!
Tell your hoes that if they've got beef, that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fucking scared of 'em.
Too much red in the new design. Though, it does remind me that I need to pick up the new Animal Man /cc
I agree phil. Management of money is key
Boss frowns upon kahlua in coffee lol
Does Mitch McConnell think he's been elected President?
Thank you! It was nice listening in. :)
Congratulations to for being a finalist on the voice!! AND being the only girl who made it as a finalist
that might make the carpet more attractive...
Non-stop dance mixes live from Room 101 will be available for download next week. Plus live video cast from the club coming soon.
Happy Mother's Day ladies! We hope today is full of love & pampering for you!
There are between 5,000 and 7,000 tigers bein kept as pets in the United States
Thank you Alice!
I like to spend several days doing a thorough cleaning of the whole house.
So supprised! All I have to do is make her lunch n wake her up if I'm up
CM Punk's pretty cute (;
My grades are horrible. I'm bout to be so dead.. but on the bright side.. least I'm not pregnant or blind or something.
you are so right!
": Holy smokes. my Akai S950 still work!" I love the filters on that joint. I still use my Ensoniq EPS 16 Plus.
you have an inspiring #cancer story! What did u do for fun during your #treatment to keep such a great attitude?
Okay the Camaro ad was pretty good!
Somebody is Going to Have to Calm Me Down today...
My mother saw it. I asked "Why?" She said "Sets and costume." She was not disappointed.
haha , thanks ! Love you too ♥
TRAFFIC - Two Left Lanes Closed: WB Belt @ Todd Drive from an earlier crash - delays both directions
haha definitely passed on the soup of the day! Whiskey at noon didn't sound appetizing ;)
finna get on ooVooo hit me up -britt ♥
Just passed the 1600 Tweet mark. I wonder how many of those Tweets were of value?
#23millionwerebornthisway who wanna follow me?
dallas MIGHT be up, its all good homie
O! Better do the other one. Eyebrows gotta match.
I didn't know I was in the mood for a gothic drama tonight but ' "Rebecca" satisfied me!
i am an working progression... I am a pure genus
Yes, a few times. I have family near there. :)
good idea! And great work on the Whitney issue
are you on instagram? if so, what's your user name?
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw, Mobile & Washington Counties until 12:00 AM
thanks for the suggestions, man! (I run )
are super awesome! They follow back! Thus, the super awesome.
The Bible forbids eating shrimp and wearing polyester. When are those Constitutional amendments coming?
Latest fortune cookie: Only time will tell if you're on the right course. Just made this up, of course. But why not have misfortune cookies?
Happy Birthday !!!!!! May all your birthday wishes come true! 2012 is your year!
I think I'm just blowed cuz I keep hearin somebody call my name n gun shots
never let anyone or anything get under your skin. When ignorant peeps chatter, them a deaf ear.
you can put me on layaway.
You go way above and beyond. Tell them I said they should pay you more.
Happy Wednesday everyone! We have some amazing new #shoeboxes to show you, so make sure to take a peak later today!
Do you have a good recipe to make crispy tofu? I haven't tried it that way before.
its stopped now! Only lasted like a minute;P
Drug testing facility had a keurig!!!! Thought I was back at pepperdine for a sec!
eh all though I dig some of his music I'm not the biggest fan.. Especially not big enough to buy last min tix.
hmm never said anything about stealing? k...
Mine from way back. Sorry #RepressiveRegressiveRevisionists ;)
How are you Jess?
Or if only there were photos from inside the dressing room that they accidentally forgot to delete...
; I think I'll just go for a walk instead of waiting for others to wake up.
me too. I'm more excited about the 2nd round. We could go for alshon jeffery WR, out of SC. If he is still there.
thx for RT! enjoy the weekend!
Awesome! Two alumns are the developers of QLab. One (Chris) was hoping to Skype in; guess it didn't work out.
40 empty cabs in front of my building RT : Do you think any Chicagoans woke up and said "oh good good, it is NATO Week?"
Honestly, I don't give two shits about SCMF.
A5: Jetblue tweeted that they do not have a big enough plane for what the Red Sox require, i'm sure they knew that going in
is on twitter despite his skepticism... :) now we'll await his comments on the article
Beast and Puck, omfg. This is beautiful.
I've been feeling so alone lately
I feel so depressed :/, I need to get the fuck out of this house.
Thank you for featuring us—we're honored!
In this production called life some are meant to be seen, some are meant to direct and most are going to watch.
No, I'm sheepishly reading it at Alterra. He just gave her the NDA and she's talking to Kate. About 1/3 in.
how are you?
Thanks for the follow:
- "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." ~ Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King
I had to pick new flights (there were no convenient ones) so I'm now flying from Dulles instead of Bmore.
Clothing drop off is now open! Come swap at The Beach House in Mandeville. Drop off 'til 5:30, swap starts at 6p!
its a cute bottle
Come see redux his talk tomorrow morning 8:30 during the flex track
& my 700th tweet goes to .. God , because he's the only one I can count on the most , especially right now .. (:
Thank you, Rob!
lol the funny part is watch bronco betty become the new barrell man haha
well fuck you
Just do you....
Yup, April stats are useless “: Yay for April. Will be above 200 with another hit. ”
is finding it not as difficult as i thought it would be to break through the writers block i've been banging my head on these past 5 years
Project HOOD and the Walk Across America are going to be on "Good Morning America" in Times Square NY before we walk!
A freelancer who loves your story is the best ally a #PR person can have.
I think you mean...Hodgman?
Thanks! :D
haha perfect timing!
wow.. first game jitters! college football at its best! doesn't matter what opponent it is; gotta play every down!~
I am alive! Just been very busy.
Judgment May Set Dog-Value Precedent Judge holds cleaning company responsible for $65,000 in damages over loss of dog.
At Fixx coffee in saint francis.
Cloudy day. Old people in sunglasses mean-mugging me from their seats outside the diner. Upper East Side shit.
it was unbelievable how great it all turned out! SO GLAD you made it!!!!!
Always impressed with your ability to talk on the radio and tweet at the same time. Who says guys cant do two things at once?
hey! Are you going to country thunder??
you never understand how much it hurts until it happens to you--> What's That?
All candidate said they would be police commissioner
its suckss being a teenager
I got made fun of for liking you and I said so what if I'm a #Belieber Justin is a talented person and loves his fans to d ...
#bachlorette make a bobblehead of me and ask to role play and I'll call the cops.
Gold Stocks rebound after report on EU summit plans
oh..there are a lot of schools there, I guess it depends on what you're looking to study.
I have poured my heart and soul into this record. I really hope you all like it.
hey sir! Right now I'm waiting for a class to fit my schedule. How bout u? Stay strong!!! It's not too bad haha.
I think I'd heard that about Paige. It was a gimmick, like the hitter Minnie Minoso pinch-hitting at 50. Cool, though.
Hahahahahaha im ratchet
Dear Mr. Jim, how does your marvelous brain work? Yours, The Fabuliste
Tanning doesn't fix ugly
People think they want things, but they don't have the discipline. I believe that you get what you want if you want it enough. - Sofia Loren
where u workin at now
Phillip Phillips<3
You both better be coming to HF-Twestival. Do it.
Did the wheel fall off of this one, too?
Nobody is okay!!!!!
Awe, I'm just kidding.
When I do offer a bit of advice for job seekers, there's rarely a thank you. Which means they don't read, can't write and fail to listen.
Open today 'til 10p! Last few days to see Reflections on Guatemala and snag your own piece of local indy art!
just woke from a 12-hr sleeping binge. Ah... refreshing. I got my coffee & toast. Now, it's time to head to Norrath for the next 24 hours.
Watching the Vikings get their butts kicked the first half, sure it's pre-season but the o-line doesn't look good.
Only a few hands raised when asked who are Content Strategists in the room. Excited that I was able to be one of them.
2012 London Olympics to generate £300m for #wine trade, says study by Wine distributor Bibendum and Local Data Company.
It's funny that I'm out of school and going to prom, lol.
just say when. 2 hrs. away and enrolled at State at present.
Understanding acid reflux symptoms and cures can certainly help you to decide whether what you are experiencing fits the diagnosis, and...
Muscle? I thought you were getting & :D
Dick Clark died. It was only a matter of time, seeing as he's mostly missed his last few rejuvenation ceremonies.
hi. You're beautiful. :-)
ha! either way, you guys have fun Over There.
loved tonight's episode. Thanks for smart, funny tv that I can watch with my 13 yr old son
Waiting @ clinic again.hope it's my last time.:-) my leg is better..yay!
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 20-26 - New York Times
Cat person? Like sandpaper tongue instead?
Why would you put your turn signal on a turn only lane?
Congratulations Virginia Beach. You never cease to underwhelm me.
A Lewis, in talking about Internet privacy "If UR not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold"
Rush hour traffick into city...i dont miss this at all.
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
You are your problem. And you are your solution.
Just asking: When will STL dump Ryan Franklin? ERA is 9.88 + opponents BA vs is .393! Not sure of contract situation but enough!
#Prediction: Honey Badger makes a big play for #LSU lead, Richardson takes over for #Bama win. 17-14.
Cowboy &Spurs fans are very similar! Quick to throw those rings in your face after a 40point loss
Well Boston will win next game.. All im sayin..
We are looking for gigs for the rest of the winter and spring. Let us know if you or someone you know is interested in great live music
I'm Good
Of course you did. Small world indeed.
these dudes ring kings wifen erry thing they see
get well soon!!!
Because she needs to be told what to say... #WhiteHouse policy
compliments of my grandmother!
ouch. Please becareful. He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight. :-)
Very nice!
slightly dyslexic, so I read that as MLA is my passion!
I enjoy the daily doc in my RSS feed. I tend to miss it as I check in and out of Twitter. Either way, it's great!
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
. Great post! Community is about supporting one another in a common cause. The hard part is always identifying a common voice.
The biggest thing i hate about eating a good meal is that u get really sleepy afterwards.
Grrrrrr not happy about my flu shot :(
hahah :) i love it. I know! We havent played a show in ages! Seems like weve been held hostage in the studio!
I like em all. What do guys in Poland look like?
#HerbieHancock speaking about the new #MathScienceMusic initiative
Fights a awesome!! Crowd is great!!
First come first serve last in first out come one come all- add it all up and the whole is greater than the sum of it's parts.
So this game IS a save situation and we're still NOT going to use Papplebon?!?!?
RT : #marketermonday #Digital Edge Live #Speakers:
Davy Jones died?! NO! I was the biggest Monkees fan as a kid- I had 13 imaginary bros named after the Monkees. SAD!
follow me
i'm not disappointed in you :)
The sad thing is I wasn't surprised in the slightest by Marmol's meltdown today, even after his terrific save yesterday (which shocked me).
It's almost as if were designed specifically for me! Just booked one of the last early bird tickets.
I have very warm feelings toward you, three-day weekend. This thing you and I are starting is going to be really special.
oh, okay. i think i agree with that someone, and want to follow ex. of senior scholars who make their work 1/2
Global Sources spring 2012 electronics trade shows to host record 3,600 booths -- up 10 percent year-on-year
I'm DROP DEAD SERIOUS!! we have a homework rule book.. :/ but it's on the 2nd page "No homework on weekends!" &#Yee come here!
Revving up for WH BrewFest... it will be mad (baking) scientist time in the kitchen this week.
Happy birthday to the IISA! It's been a great 10 years. Thanks for all the support. Looking forward to new beginnings.
FRIDAY IS HERE!!!!
The 5 HeartBeats last scene when they was in church lol
(I'd be curious what her take on that article is.) And I have a diff definition of the term "hacker" and don't rly identify with it.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly , first love it's irreplaceable and first heartbreaks are unforgettable .
": " remember, she doesn't care"?". Seems Somebody needs attn. Badly.
I like u <3
bieber fever will get to them sooner or later you just wait.
Goodness. Girl next to me keeps crushing her vodka and crying. Not sure if it is because of the Pacers Heat game or Mom related.
Great guest Thurs On Health & Healing. Sue Dumais talking re: a fertile state of mind. Thurs 8-9pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
NFL DRAFT WE ARE ON THE CLOCK!!
You're right! SF in general is awesome like that. Have you lived there your whole life?
I get a lot more retweets, replies, favorites, and mentions when I'm totally irrational and crazy. So, with that being said... FUCK. YOU.
Nothing like deep intellectual conversations till 3am... Gotta love how funny life is sometimes.
is driving and tweeting. this is not good.
I'm trying one more time. Placed another order for 2 more, this time VIA 1505TM. Should be here Monday, will report then.
Participating in the webinar ""Building the Digital Branch for the 21st Century"
waiting for the colorgaurd to begin the ceremony at the Rotary Club Luncheon
Tomorrow I Have No Track Events That Means I Can Sleep In Homie !.
(: thank you!
I think Romney "WINS" even if he loses....not sure Santorum can raise any REAL $$....
I'm done trying. 😒
Dog park plus draft plus Pads game. NICE.
blowin up my twitter... freak
i got blue paint all over my white shirt fml
i need more self love.
agreed... now, back to work for a few hours.. :)
Yeshua is present in the siddur as the "fullness of Torah," the human embodiment of God's eternal Name and Word.
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows
I hate getting out early cause I have to wait for one of my parents to come pick me up -_-
Coventry City vs Burnley LIVE StReAmInG English League- soccer live
Great to see you at the Fancy Food Show. We love your short grain brown rice!
Thank you, Ginny. One of these days I must check that site out.
nice come back in lastnights race!
who else agrees that us fans are the best ? (:
Pumpkin pie is just as vital as Turkey on Thanksgiving...For REAL!
yeah, I was hoping they were going to sing Some Nights. I think they could easily make that song the new single.
Hobos wipe their bums with the
Cordsman: We don't have any basic data on the Afghan people, economy. Economy will collapse at drawdown.
ha, i'm just being a pest. but i'm glad to know the date. i want to come :) cc:
Mary Howitt~ For visions come not to polluted eyes.
Not to be missed ;) RT : Who is joining us for a talk on Social Media w/ catering.
DJing tonight at Doors open at 10, see you there!
only the best Auntie could post this pic..since I orchestrated it!
I've now encountered two US government cybersec information websites that present invalid certificates.
I'm sure God takes Poops everywhere.
I'm wrong, I'm dead wrong
I understand! :)
"Your eyes are blue like the ocean baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out or did ya smile at me?" :)
You're welcome, Mr. Dusty!! God bless your day!!! (:
It's Gonna be a 12+ hour day! Im just tryna graduate.
Keep your online contest ideas coming!
i love it when other people are verifiably more ridiculous than me.
agreed, I wouldn't have guessed that blackberry is the phone of choice for urban London youths.
going to be a good fight!
KG is a boss
Don't even bother sending me support my album if you aint gone get mine... NIGGAS HAVE PUSSIES TOO...
The SnapScan S1500 Scanner is a basic scanner suitable for the daily scanning needs of the small law office: $400.00- 20 pgs/min, 50pg ADF
okay well tell everyone else that also.
Stay tuned in the coming weeks for marketing tips and product specials
hungover from #swvoracious last night. great to see
we are delighted to hear #LSJ is doing well. Keep us and our #uk #sparklers tuned in :)
USC's Pat Haden will get a different view of Notre Dame
just voted :-) Good luck!
Fax? Who faxes? Faxing went the way of the Pony Express people....
Poor throw to second let's runners advance then another hit for a double brining in 2 more...love baseball, love
I think its sexier when a woman wears all of her clothes. I love the slope of a neck, the soft voice of a woman, even a laugh
We challenge you to drink low-fat or fat-free milk with dinner every night this week.
US DOT Stat: 68% of work commutes are between 1 and 15 miles. 51% of are fewer than 10 miles. Great reason to bike
I really want to talk to someone ):
Right.... She was awesome!!
did you get that parody email I sent you
use that link he sent you! You'll get up to episode 6 :D tell me what you think of it! (:
chillin at home me and my #mom eating and gitting ready for a
it's on the to do list.
Favorite comedy movie.. GO!
Why hello there! Fancy meeting you here.
oh no! Then we'd have to leave the house! That's unacceptable! Lol
Ditto! RT : I believe there is great value in generating original content & curating web. 1 does not replace the other.
Great question! For curious homeowners, can you elaborate on the differences?
Watching Vidal Sassoon documentary. Inspiring!
Glad to hear it!
next part !(:
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
Anyway, it's getting late. off to bed.
Follow ! He is a fun one. Any fan of us is a friend of ours! Who? ! What? ! Follow !#FollowThursday?
And it's FINALLY bowl week!! #BYU and #Tulsa are officially in Fort Worth, and we are all headed to the game tonight!
I like your face. It's quite nice. Okay, goodbye. xx
Wow! Thanks to all the supporters of the 5th Annual #Cuts4aCause! Thanks for putting on the great event!
of course my mom has to ruin my weekend. She just comes home and she already doing the most.
Unconditional love would be a beautiful thing though. Some day.
Bofl no girl like almost DEAD!!! Lmaoooo
missed ya! Happy holidays :)
yes I do, but not much I spend most of the day with people born here, speak lots of Spanish and Italian with my Uncle.
Jess you rock! Thanks for the kind words! You are da coolest!!!
Flat tire on a Monday morning...oh joy!
Got a long day ahead of me. Sigh. Weekend where you at?
$3 burgers? YES PLEASE!!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear anything about the masters.
you ain't real
Just had a meeting about summer camp! We are thinking of doing a showcase one night! Are you coming to join?
RIP Levon Helms... what a talent!
Had 3 amazing experiences at Eataly! When are you bringing the concept to Chicago?
Just tried lino for the first time recently. It's really fun, and surprisingly easy to learn.
correct. I never leave there hungry.
4:20, and productivity is at an all-time low. :-/
Navigator Elite package includes a touch screen DVD-based navigation system, a rear seat DVD entertainment system with an eight inch screen
Mexico automaking marks shift to luxury with Audi building SUVs Mexico's automobile industry, once focused on small cars and pickup truck
I heard "Mambo # 5" and "Freak on a Leash" on the drive home today. In 8 minutes, I relived my entire adolescence.
I was just thinking the same thing?! I am too:)
The Silk Tie likes BusinessTweetz!
On Marketing "Do you think people are looking at billboards? There not even looking at the F____ Road!"
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
dont know what your talking about. shut your mouth.
RT "free press lineup is lookin pretty god"
Sour grapes? J/K! I understand the argument, but he's not the first nor last to do it.
RT : Best line of the day! NYT David Carr: "There hasn’t been this much hype about a tablet since Moses came down from the mountain"
Read mah story :3 it's in my faves.
Massive explosion at Miller Compressor?
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!Dont forget that follow
Ok Americans. I give up. What in the bejesus is 'boba'?
Thank you Mr. Biermaier, for making STEP awkward as ever.
ah yes! the nap is an important part of any training
RT : "Wait, we get killed and these four are allowed to live?" -- Somali Pirates in Hell
Took a walk in the woods this afternoon and a #$&^$&ing hunter shot towards me and Sue. Heard the bullet whiz past my head. Scary...
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
What color ribbon do we have to wear if we are trying to #SavePorn? Or do we just pin a condom to our shirt?
Welp I guess it's all out there. Bring it on world.
Roger probably deserved a yellow there. Dirty push in the back. Otherwise, #SportingKC looking very good & in command.
Seems to be a slight disconnect between our email notifications of 'mentions' and our ability to reply to you.
Get well - hope the head is feeling okay.
I am definitely a fangirl of the maine memory network. So so cool
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
“: Alabama's kicker is apparently attempting to win some sort of half-time kicking contest.” Shoulda held that contest in Denver.
will you be at SXSW? Would love to hang out and chat about UX and Library-Archives digital products.
Happy Mother's Day!
At da circus bout to walk in
the monkey has what now!?
Global companies stumble time and again attempting to access China’s lucrative market. Read our 7 ways to succeed in the market.
Its not that many people tweeting. I keep seein tha same names on my TL. Maybe I need more #follows/followers
Am I completely overzealous if I show up at the Issey Miyake exhibition tomorrow at 9AM?
#FF has a new location downtown (for new & used books) & a new Twitter acct.
Yes please! RT Geo, my man, get it together.
What I meant was we don't know how ridiculous some ideas are until they are verbally expressed. So yeah, deftly speak out!
guess what I'm doing right now?
Short answer: No RT : "Could the pervasive power of TV be used to stimulate community dialogue and decision-making?"
we have a lot in common. I am following you:)
The Crows serve as a great waring to this Coyote roaming my yard.
People Get Away With So Much When I'm Sick...
santa fe is more hipstery than here!?
There's nothing better than a cold cup of coffee...except a hot one...or a warm one...or anything else.
Fuck that noise
lol. Look at the total package....#stepawayfromdaa**
I kno rite I'm bout to call em for u lol
Hi Bob! Yes, I'm still telling takes & writing books. I have 18 now & new ones on the way. :)
We're good 4 gas, insurance, & 180 miles/day! DM us 4 deets. Whether it's us or a new ride, best of luck finding wheels to freedom!
Trying to link Twitter to Facebook. Might be easier to bring about a full Cream reunion tour.
no I work on Friday and Saturday
Ok....one more. Famous last words
Great motivation Baby!<3
Nov, 17th, be sure to catch us at Skrappys with The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale, The Browning, and ! Only $12 presale.
he's so ugly lol I've been good just bored lol I'm looking for a job.
It is indeed great, but to also know a future world where the first female president of the United States is elected as well.
Hi Lindsey! How is your semester going?
It MUST be Sharon Needles. MUST MUST MUST (Sorry, just caught up tonight).
CPC - in the registration line.
Im Laying In Bed Listning To your covers what about youu Austin? **Always<3**
Emanuel and Jennifer Walls wear matching 'The Dream is Now' t-shirts as they push 1-year-old son Xavier in a stroller.
Wow ain't been on here in a while been really busy hope to be on alot more
Enjoying the weather! !
I saw was on Twitter and I followed that shit.
arctic blast making my radio traffic buy unhappy...
All I need is one mic!
Jonas, u the owner of the Texas Cowgirls?! ... Dude, ur killing it in San Antonio!
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
My Twitter Fans: shoutout to you guys you rock =D thanks
safe travels!
Bomb night!
Every time I hear the birds chirping in the morning, I feel like I'm waking up in the arena
Air conditioning <333333333
Children really annoy the sh*t out of me! (most of them)
Checking out the #dev #site now for #siide - few bugs but we're live on #Monday!
haha hopefully I passed my geometry one today.
I'm tired of being tired and really should go to bed... -_-
#EDSHOWISSUE2- Madison loves you Ohio! Walker is next!
The world needs an Animorphs movie. I would watch the heck out of that.
Whatever I want, the exact opposite happens. smh
I keep trying to use the password for the store I was in last week at this store. Not working out too well
You boys should really go to Croatia this summer! #TWInCroatia :)
brooklyn'd
thanks for sharing!
playin it now!
Chicken Salad. Yup.
#JustRemember are THE BEST. i love them all
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear, he likes someone else.
#IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
HAHAHAHAHAHA I KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
SMH....I know what u mean, thats why i quit mine, now i'm working on my own business.
“: Just crushed a commercial with ichiro #smallscreenstar” What??? What kind of commercial?
Whitehead suggest political dialectic via wearing provocative tshirts
Congrats, Tim! wishing you all the best - hope to see you out here again soon.
Actually, I'm trying to figure out how to better use it myself. Hope work is treating you well.
Handled it so well in your interview! Turning the moment into an opportunity......an important advance for women and girls!
Laying low tonight, getting ready for Salsa Saturday at Madridgall.
:Basic Cataloging and Classification is full. "Join the Wait list" button leads to nowhere. :(
Exfoliating facial scrubs feel glorious after a sweaty nite in the van
#pei #peipoli Politicians always think they know what their constituents want, even when their is outcry suggesting otherwise.
LIVE GOLF SCORES - 2012 World Matchplay Championship from Finca Cortesin, Spain LIVE GOLF SCORES - 2012 World Matchplay Championship from
I will choose to think only of the unfamiliar PDs in LA and PS that we'll be getting to know shortly.
I need to do this paper...
haha oh my gosh i remember that! and thanks girl, i'll tell you the whole story please call!
haha I have movie dork problems
Rain, jazz, and coffee. *sighs contentedly*
First half ends Detroit 14-10 New Orleans
I love it! RT : If I look at the masses, I will never act. If I look at the one, I will. ~Mother Theresa
ringalingaling! Hello??? Hi Jhoselin!! Thanks so much for following! Talk soon!!
And big thanks to and for your tweets about Aufbau. You were the first to help spread the word!
RT : “Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.” ―Maya Angelou - Amen to that!
“: got to go with the #nuggets what's the scoop can they do it in Rd 1?” I sure hope so!
Everytime I text someone "I'll talk to you later" I expect them to say "okay" or I wont feel complete.
Don't unfollow me, imma get to u asap
#mygraduationspeech "west side"
Love all the support!! :) RT : you ladies are the
i know, lol
When speaking to a nurse about blood work I don't want to hear "I think", "maybe", "Hm" and "More Power to You" when discussing results!
RT : Best pistachio shake ever!!! - house favorite! Glad you liked it!
": Overall very impressive major league debut for Yei-Win Chen. I think he's gonna be a keeper. #Orioles" I 2nd that! #Nicejob!
NO, people who worked all their lives ARE "entitled" to benefits they paid into. I worked for 42 years, wait till YOU have to spk
We are! #socialmedia has really changed the way we connect with each other! I think a cupcake is in order! You?
Technology is awesome, until it isn't :)!
its a herb . Lol
#SCMS12 bit surprised about how focused the panel is on print, books, etc. shows some lag from many DH venues talking of data, archives
Wow that's great!!!! Did anyone ever pick it up.. are you still trying? I would love to write one or 12.
You are just mad I handed you your ass. Don't be a sore ass loser.
The cemetery next to the Pier One in Glendale (just north of Bayshore) is called the Town of Milwaukee Union Cemetery .
Weak ass spring break!
lol goin to work. How long you been back in town?
Thanks good people for the follow.
Great presentation with members of We love to empower people to take control of their online presence.
thank you for the follow, i hope i can help towards your noble mission
Blake Griffin=most overrated terd in league
Here's a question: If these reformers are so freaking focused on what's best for the kids, why didn't they become teachers?
just met rios stewart and reed from the #whitesox #workperks :-)
whos coming to the open run tommorrow holds it down like no other! 1:45 bring your game!
That shot by Kobe was nice. Hakeem would be proud with the patience.
I'd love to hear that lecture. Any chance you can share notes?
Our country needs the LEADER, so be ONE.
figuring out what to do today in Dallas.
watching rocky 4 sucks. eff it I'll vibe to mac miller instead
I couldn't agree with you more. Ugh.
Anything happening at Ramrod?
Ohh, never tried that. That stinks.
IT'S A GOD IN ME
RT : "BO!!!! #APPLEFAIL" AGREED. I was really looking forward to the touch having a camera.
Democrats nationally support Voter ID laws 58-36 (N=3,187). In Pittsburgh DMA Democrats also support Voter ID laws...exactly 58-36 (N=837)
We have to educate the population on privacy vs. personalization says for better user experiences.
thanks for taking my call!
what worries me is...that means the Dolphins had SO little confidence in Alex...why would they think that??
How can we get you host our film festival in asbury park?
I have some friends who go to so much they are GOLD Members now...
coates just scored a cracking goal....recommend you check it out
Thanks Sasha! This is great. And totally my style!
just noticed that my Hotmail account is over 10 years old. For it's (belated) birthday, I setup a recovery phone #. you should too.
My 5 word review of #TheBaconing : "More difficult than the others." Still has great writing and graphics. Well-done.
who and why
I love you both :)
