so excited my Wonder Woman, Batman, Batgirl, and Superman bookmarks have been shipped from #ALA. Can hardly wait #yep,I'mageek
good to see you too Furry!
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our problem is they leave them all over the place. We pick up as many as three carts full of books every day.
Guess Cafepress' calendar is different than mine. PayPal commission payment to be paid on the 15th, not received yet. Not happy.
bet how many games did we win?
look at twitter...
me too...oh wait I'm an alternate :/
Quote of the day: "I'm not asking you to clean up after everyone else, I'm asking you to clean up after yourself."
Now at the Pinterest conversation. Co-founder said he was a collector as a kid. Always liked the idea of collecting.
I've tried today's mainstream "rap" and i'm not gonna lie, they have good beats, but i feel disgusting if i try to rap along with them
prayer said for Colleen in church today. Love and hugs to both of you.
had on his show today. I got to hear the replay! That must have been one hell of an interview!!!
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
great to see all of you at #CraftsmanDIY. Gonna go build now.
ok thank you very much!
we gotta
Twitter people talk about something other than SXSW I'm not there and it's just starting to make me mad that I cat see the cool bands!
I participated in the flash mob- way fun!- know where there might be pics and video? Saw lots of photogs!
Personally, I've always hated NC & that was b4 any vote.
Let me not waste the rest of my 20s on such foolishness...
Movie recommendation is Bridget Fonda in "Point of No Return"
man my website is very early in the game...I'm really a very new author and the website is gonna be a kind of "journey"
I'm more than happy to be serving you guys #3for1s with your
>Quote: Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Wishbone the dog and the salad dressing are everything to me. I just remembered that.
no little dogs! Dez is here ;)
So what's the show called?
& I got a #SO from on her radio blog. WOOT  Thanks, friend! you're the best! 
Three seat swaps and now I'm in a window seat!
I never was the loser type nigga i stay winning
What a night
I'm tempted to try to write the ultimate airport novel: an airport-bound page-turner, mesmerizing and then totally disposable.
What ms. fletcher
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at $19,298.00 and growing!
I'm looking forward to it... Just passing through. (:
Happy Spring to you too!!!! Spring is my favorite season of the year!!!!
Had to shave my chin strap
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini and more...
My granny just said "when my boy get Def Jam, he gon buy me a 2013 Prius"....come on granny a Prius, I'm thinkin at least Camry tho lol
I mean come on. At least TRY to think of something witty...
thanks for including me on the list
how about selling your beer to the State that has always supported you.... There's an idea.
thanks for the birthday wish! I hope you're well!! :)
are you serious...? lol you really need to watch the whole thing, its so good.
Is that why it got so bright in here? Had to break out the sun glasses. LOL
We did awesome!! At our concert!!
Thank you for coming and thank you for the publicity help!
It's like a pie eating contest for which the prize is more pie... status upgrade to 1st at the gate. SEA --> SFO
I love and And I don't care what you think of me(: #DedicatedFan #Mahomie #Acon <33
hell yea
I get to see her live next Friday!!!!
You're welcome. It's a terrific book.
Seeley's talk is based on research in , esp. minutes of Committee on Instruction 1939-1945
nope. I'm in lets just say "upper SE" lol
Lololol that would be the best 50 cents I ever spent! I would cut it up and put it in 50-foot bowls of mac and cheese.
“: If you suggest that I date your friend, don't make a creepy/rapey face while describing him. #datingtips” Solid advice.
Happy Birthday :)
Md. attempted murder suspect fails to show at trial
RT : RT : What are you doing to celebrate Early College High School Week 2012?
One advantage of developing on Android - it's easier to run betas than on iOS
I don't like boring texters. Then again I don't like texting at all. Maybe its because of that reason?
“: About to go on stage at #digiday. What a great group: , ”
Hey Joanna, thanks for following. I'm be sure to keep all of my tweets entertaining!
Y do ppl make new years resolutions? most ppl give up after the first day......
Oh , all I needed was to download a damn client. Then you made me fill out a huge annoying "account creation" form. Now I hate you.
is it arts and crafts day at your house? Lol!
To sub or not to sub, that is the question. Which do you prefer?
true. Hitting a party I think.... you?
It's a lazy day for me...I'm making some strawberry pancakes, eggs, and yes, #Bacon here shortly. What's the buzz on today, Indy?
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end
Haha regular show is funny.
honestly justin deserves better friends
Where the hell will this money come from??
Hello! I'm whoorli. Join our new community today!
Shoutout to all the great moms out there :^)
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to "it's complicated"
Forget about the missionary Girl you know we grown. Put you in postitions that you never even known
Roger that. PS, don't forget to add to your tweets so I get them. ;)
...I have had both my kids fall asleep in my arms...when just 30 minutes prior was showing signs of discomfort......
what's the word man???
Fucking joke the #NHL is. You can't fucking grab the puck and pass it behind you. Such bullshit
good morning you too
wacthing x factor too
thanks for the kind sentiment about belonging on the list of top innovative companies!
in#civility as political performance for ratings -- so is #civility a class issue?
Probably not, but I 100% support it.
Falling asleep in this darn chair <<<<<
I need some pinnacle whipped!
And the ice cream trucks are out...
SUPER long and wonderful shoot for a cover today, LOVING my new camera!!!!!
Um, we might suggest the 1st choice. We promise 2 make u happy. Opening song: "Don't worry be Happy" or "I can see clearly now"
No matter what anyone's opinion do what makes you happy!! I am!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
These insant follow back people...aren't really instant haha
I leave for Europe at like 3 in the morning tomorrow. So call me now!
Aunt Catfish is one of my favs. Just south in Port Orange
Happy Birthday, Bach!
haha would make sense but completely out of them
My brother and I are doing the Color Run in DC in September - want to run with us?
I see that is pouring Ravines wines Monday night! Had my first bottle thanks to you.
Much love for you Amy!!! Always... Your music brings so many memories. Much love. Dr. Spanish
yes, let's! ;) local And time babe.
Imagine that! Jason talking smack about me???!!!!!!!! Gotta laugh :) Matlock is the bomb! lol
I think I'm getting sick or something cuz my nose been stopping up for the past 2 days -__-
When I don't get to see my girlfriend after school <<
what in the world..
Today at 9 - we are in the kitchen with Rania & we are also speaking with Mrs. Colorado Globe about "smiling" across America! Join us.
#ctfxcwedding Omg i just saw alli in her dress and she looked gorgeous thanks for your lazy vlog
i know, but it makes me wonder sometimes if im even meant to have a relationship, like some "higher calling" if u will.
Thanks for today's column - agree 100%!
HAPPY 25th!! WE LOVE YOU!!! x
ok I'm headed to church right now my neighbor is looking too. Will let u know
Nyjer Morgan is my least favorite player in baseball.
Why are all the most relevant (to me) presentations on Friday?
Kicking off the #hcmf2010 conference with Angela Bailey from OPM
Wonder who else up besides me
Its wednesday!!
I WANT A FUCKING BURGER FROM IN N OUT
yeah JazzB they are in trouble Now! Lol
Lol, well. That might possibly be a good thing.
Matt Canada ran spread off. at NIU; knows how to work talent onto field. said James White was @ WR on some 2TB plays in practice
Made $8.40 in an hour via ChaCha! THANK YOU! I'm on my way to buying a macbook!
me and wayne lean like kareem doing hook shots
who are you?
Shut up Lucas. Just admit you're gay.
Has tweeted about dates yet because it seems my phones being stupid with its tweets......
Hope you're having a good weekend in Vail. I have your hair tie! :)
It doesn't count if you sleep with them first! RT nope, I asked someone yesterday.
Kittie is playing at the Beaumont. So there is always that...
It's very different. Not everyone is (and can be) an autodidact…besides that it's unproven.
I hope the queen dies.
lmao. RT ryan ross is George Harrison reincarnated. the more i watch Help! the more i think of ryan ross. George= George. WEIRD.
Happy Mother's Day! I love my Mom! <3
3% looks small (re: social mobility) but I would think it compares favorably to most times in history and most places today?
Saying no can be the ultimate in self-care. Claudia Black
For a WHOLE MONTH? But some animals are just so tasty. LOL. Just kidding. Do your thing. I know you can do it.
Kylie saying only a matter of time. This class coming together.
Brrrr.. dudes talk the most crap in the barber shop.. n they watching "CHEATERS" On all the t.v.'s >.< lmao
hey i want the new toliet the "Fjartzenpiipi" it does everything dude im lik no noway awsome dude yea 'brien
this one is my personal. (:
#YouGettinPunchedIf We in my Car, & U Get a Call & Turn Down the Music So You Can Have A Long Conversation
All the hoopers be from out of state :) lol
OMG I need to know what that was!
Check out my new website www.hawthornesvoice.com #voiceover #VO #voice over
love the coca cola advert<3
I hate when I leave my apartment on time and I'm STILL late
GOOD AFTERNOON MY TWITTER HEARTS!!!! WHAT'S GOING ON IN TWITTER WORLD
My partner better have a cream shirt ...
Sitting feels so good sometimes.
lol shut up we already went over this lol dnt try to show out twitter ..!! lol
JUST realized what this tweet was referring to i think...UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN!
thanks 4 the followback! if uneed and sharpening or wanna check out my shears, call text or tweet! i got the good good :)
now, it's to move to san diego, surf all day & bartend at night
Went to sea world today had a blast shamu was great! can't wait to get back to start work on our new video going to chill tommorow
thanks John
I just don't know for sure where it is lol. :D
yeah, just a fender bender, but if when it rains, it pours, it's fucking hailing on me today.
A storm is-a brewin'.
Residents started moving in a week ago. More to come on 's neighbors in the Brookland Lofts :-)
not too shabby. I kind of want to try it now lol
of coarse ;)
YTB Mentoring School. Attend with 1 friend, one time/month in person. If you don't have 500 in your team U get a RangeRover Evoque & $2K/mo.
WOW! HOW DID I DIE?! I DEFINITELY SHOT HIM FIRST!
it HURTS! dont u get it?!
ohh then y are they starting crap....
#TempleRun is finally on #Android!
this RT “: Hungry, tired, bored, sleepy -__-”
The ONLY people that are close to me is my Brothers David,Daijon,my cousin Andre,ke ,my mom,& my number one love
Artist John Reid - "Walking the solar system, an upgrade on global."
laughing at the teacher's jokes so they keep telling them and waste more class time
me too love! I'm great and I miss your beautiful face!
Fridays aren't supposed to be busy days.
Hello Friends. Stop by today and make something with Come and be creative!
deffff am, nothing is stopping me from going to wildwood. You know hoe ass gonna be out there too w/ us! Lmao
I wish all my favorite local bands and would all play one huge show!
thanks love (:
#AskBieber do you plan on doing a song with your girlfriend ?
Field trip
Winter is fucking here motherfuckers! Life has meaning once again!
As a new dad myself, I understand that no parent is unfamiliar with the smell of anus. So, yeah: li'l Fabreeze and go!
your tweets are #epic, you have enough personality to go around for everyone! Your wifey is a lucky lady 😉
In raleigh at #nc3adl2011 - community college distance learning conference. excited to attend my first session soon!
Welcome John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines back to Broadway! 's THE COLUMNIST starts previews tonight!
Back later this evening.
Boulevard trio over at Bocktown Tavern in Robinson tonight. Haven't been? It's a great place to beer.
also a biennial is fundamentally non-commercial though it has commercial leverage.
JOSH GARCIA.. Remember This Name And This Face...
yay for you being the voice of #Asami in the avatar #korra! Great job!!!!!!!
U don't make any sense
I think I watch too much
I'm not Too sure how I feel about, but I'll take all the badges I can get!
Why do people slob when they sleep..R they thirsty?
uh-oh. What are your legs doing?
Holy crap over 1000 followers! We <3 each and every one of you. We <3 the pornbots most though ;)
I know and agree. Makes sense. Just joking abt
a necessity?...
Teuxdeux is a super simple too do list. I'll chk out What's it for?
good girl haha ;P
Pretty sure I can do a better job making free throws than these guys.
Bless up, Positive! Link up sometime, would love to network, do some werkz, Blessings & Prosperity I-tinually.
I can't ever be brave 'cause you make my heart race <3
DAMN... DOWN BY 5.... #SMH.. #RALLYCAPS ON... I MUST SAY I'M NOT HAPPY THAT WE'VE BEEN PLAYING CATCH UP THEAE PAST FEW GAMES..
Just saw #MadMen premiere. Only Christina Hendricks should be allowed to sing in French, accordion optional. That is all.
So we don't need edu? MT : ; your continued ass of RET football players to gen pop is what is truly silly! Really!!
Super sleepy goin to sleep early tonight
last night in italy!
": I thought you may have another GTL kinda day" <- you know me a little too well.
Ah, gotcha. Nice choice with Tiffani-Amber Thiessen :)
#intervention RT : I always get drunk like its my birthday or like I'm celebrating something.
oh no... I will call to confirm mine as well. thanks for heads up
I love pork chops <3
Sure sign that you're a pathetic loser IRL: MT Just saw a guy with a Yankees hat and Steelers shirt.
haha oh okayy i was just wondering :) i really dont know my height either
#InfiniteSmiles <--- I will never get tired of that(: lol.
Thanks for the #FF :-)
Happy New Year! Here's to a great 2012.
miss u too
and a response! Usually only steve responds... Thus making u the shit ha :-)
An Elegant Brunch Centerpiece
can someone tell me why i'm awake right now...?
Ten hours of work #gay now #party and
Dear #Glee writers, at 18 years old time is not 'running out' to decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.' I'm still not sure.
When I just finish smoking a cigg and people smell it and they tell me it's bad for me<<< I fucking know that! I've heard it a million times
Unseasonably warm with highs near 90. Mostly sunny skies!
Wiz Khalifa : Black and Yellow Rick Ross : Snacks and Jello
that's when we were thinking, thanks for the heads up!
I had a dream last night i had a sesh with the cast of jersey shore (y)
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
I have no idea why I can tolerate 2 ppl talking on the bus, but my blood starts to boil when i have to listen to someone on their cellphone
Only 7 days to enter the recipe contest and a chance to win that Holland Grill! Don't wait, enter today. Voting will start May 1st.
Good one Ron Paul. Send politicians to the moon.
please FOLLOW me back ? :DD I love ur tweet so muchh .
Man look at Urkel on the Syfy channel.
The movie - Think like a man - coming out on my birthday April 20 :D
How is your summer going so far?
A good reminder. RT : Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
Thank you TapNY!!! What an incredible weekend
two best days of the sports year today and tomorrow...hands down..
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5) When u really are right about something, but ur "friends" or parents can't stand to be wrong cuz they r "right"
The lady with a camera
you excited for your return to Lambeau? Week 2 of preseason, can't wait!
There go my people. I must find out where they are going so I can lead them. ~ Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
Dying of exhaustion, but I need to stay up texting cute girls <3
I guess that means will be coming to NYC tonight!
Yup, we used to run the courts here at Liggett. Unfortunately I didn't inherit that gene, LOL!
yep it's in my car along with the first four albums of theirs... They are my all time favorites.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
lol too funny!
its going to take a lot of peer pressure lol, but i wont rule out the possibility
Rock Wall Winery Spring Splash 2day, 1p-5p. 2301 Monarch St Alameda, @ the Naval Base. Wine tasting, tours, food, and music by DJ Styles.
I'm too insecure. Too indecisive.and crave too much attention to be with anybody.
thanks for your photography today!
Thanks, Mare. I just feel numb right now.
Dm me your email to send some tracks to
Warm weather should bring out tons of buyers for Spring Home Shopping. Great deals on jumbo loans is making home buying really affordable.
If you haven't followed us already, make sure to check us out
Michael phelps is here. with very aggressive facial hair.
Anything is possible2those who believe in Christ. "W/God all things R possible&I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength."Bible
Immortal tech
Youu Should Come To Detroit , Michigan We Wanna See Youu Over Here !
that awkward moment when you know its a awkward moment and everybody knows its awkward and then somebody says AAWWWWKKKKWWAAARRRDDD
Still thinking about the little puppy that could have been ran over this morning in the road. I want him:(
yeah I've been taking Spanish for 5 years now and next year I'm taking AP Spanish
got it :-) I forked the repo and look forward to playing :-)
Hot cold hot cold hot cold hot cold
because I'm perfect(;
JUSTINS JUST. I CANNOT.
God is greater than any problem I have. ~
Everyone! Stay tuned on August 21st. "It's a date?" - Sam Miller
Ha, I'm sure all three of his followers are really taking this to heart! Big Mex you're the man!
NBC: Pres. Obama was planning to announce new position before Charlotte conv. But Biden sped things up.
So let's get the money out of politics. What are we waiting for? Time's up.
I didn't mean 2 When i tried to follow u I click 2 times&it unfollowed yuh I tried 2 follow yuh bakk but u hit a followin limit
If i cant have him then fuck love i just want sex. Ijs
Thanks Natalie!
Starting off break with watching #Dexter... Best show ever.
Seeing the Cabin in the Woods with my mom and my sissy. :)
got u
Cup or no cup that's pure pain
RT : Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back. Chinese Saying
But assuming intelligent people are daft is just so much easier ... ;-)
Pinkard: find interest areas and then encourage more practice, that's self motivation to learn a skill
getting my posse together tonight for our first #burningman meeting. The planning begins! Year 3 for me...
Stanley Cup
For all the great Christian artists that did NOT win Dove awards, please buy their music - they need our support!
Adam & Eve don't eat that fruit 🍎
#undernocircumstances should the Holocaust not be taught in schools and universities. 1933-1945: Remember.
me too!!
Haha u if only I was invasible!
I am definitely late to the party, but I just found and I love it =)
why yu hating :/
Yes! RT Help #volunteers see how they fit into the bigger picture at your organization
10 hours of battery life, 9 hours on 4G
Trust nothing you hear and only half id what you see.
RT/ Whoa!!!!! I LOVE YOUR CD!!! I have Party 2 Crash stuck in my head! love it girl! You rock!! actually im gonna buy it :)⁰
There's a group trying to ban plastic bottles from campus entirely...
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." - T.S. Elliot
Fine xD Next saturday?
“: I don't feel ready for this exam /:”
hahaa!! Thanks my man! I see you live in my hometown!!
Coffee shop in Beverly Hills
got you playa..just gotta balance it out. but i got you boss
RT: Wit's End Ticket Giveaway 5 PM ET today via Twitter! Answer trivia & go to party on Saturday free!
I think the best place I've ever been to would probably be the Wizarding World at.. Universal Studios?
Did anyone burst into tears at the relational calculus comment? :)
Hahaha! It makes me so happy that you like it!
Thanks for the support, Karina and Kat! And Kat, I would LOVE for you to preview it before it launches! Thank you so much for the offer!
Peace. Aim to be impossible to stop. #Stay Drivn
Come to 's concert doc inside of the Sooner Theatre tonight. It starts at 7 and there will be a special acoustic set.
Yet other reports state he says he will support Ron Paul.
BLOCK THAT SHIT
Opening day for my favorite sports season: the #NBAPlayoffs!!
Lady sangers. Are U doing what U WANT, or what U THINK will get U signed? Label executives can tell the difference. Put clothes on and SING.
Dan Knott, Respected Former Chrysler Purchasing Chief, Dies
Can...you help me, I'm bent? I'm so scared that i'll never...be put back together.
I was stating what I take 2b an objective fact about the state of the nation, not personal preferences.If u disagree, make ur case
I want to live somewhere where it snows ⛄
Is it Friday already?
It has to be. At the very least, I should be able to move the stupid panel back to the bottom of the screen.
is there such a thing? if so i am totally down. get me some info!
After much jazz & good long distance company, finally finished inputting the crazy amounts of data from library wkrs...calling it a night.
go away thnx girl
Old-Fashioned Graham Crackers with Turbinado Sugar Recipe from Epicurious
Make the world a more beautiful place.
Man, my gf is snoring ,so I tapped her on the forehead and told her to wake up and go to sleep.
Today in Invention History: Phineas Quimby issued patent for a steering machine, 1850
Take a seat Klein!!
yay!!! haha you have joined the awesomeness of twitter
Our website is taking a bit of a hiatus for a week or so until we get a new host. Still keeping the domain though!
The Thompson ad was hilarious to have in the middle of this debate.
Wake up wake up I dont wanna wake up wake up
Thanks for the shout on our story. It's an important one for some caregivers!
Don't try to do everything yourself. You need help, Outsource if you're an online marketer.
my phone will not last till then… either way it is fall for sure… just unsure if Sept or Oct.
All you can do is play your best. If you do, you *will* eventually reap the rewards.
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When a nigga dont take his meds decided's too have a episode got the camara if he start going ham
You're gonna make it all the way! Almost there!<3 #YEE (:
and if they disagree I'll have a host of bad names to call them!
We love it!: happy to share a zipcode with these folks:
Live music with Capital Down. 9pm. Drink specials all night!
Blink182 is sound checking at Kimmel right now and it's making me feel old.
You done fell and bumped yo head
can you follow me back for fad- trying to grow the fad twitter account!
Interactive Saturdays - Q & A session begins now. Drop a line, leave a Q, or a general thought on fitness. We'll respond.
speaking on Connecting Digital and Physical Worlds: Learnings from the IJdijken Project
I miss you guys! I would love to visit! Are you free Saturday afternoon/evening? Maybe we can go out to dinner?
that book mention griffins?
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Yes! Graduation day...Congratulations to all my fellow graduates! 👏🎉 #C/O2012
Running away from any problem only increases the distance from a solution
I don't usually comment on the political front but it's time for unions to wake the hell up.
So precious!
well i mean just hold up you only have 3more weeks
2.5 percent earning $111,750 for a family of four will face financial hardship should they have greater health care needs.
Beautiful people.
I would love to, but I kind of want to be social tonight. I think I may be coming down with something. :)
DS: Your team is in the midst of a FUCKLOAD of Salary Cap casualties.. GTFOH RT :
you boys are #hockeygods great job tonight we are with you
Tripping on a crack in the sidewalk and then looking back at it while you stumble .....and checking it out if anyone saw you trip....U FOOL!
HEY BOO BOO
BUT. I kiss better. (:
I believe "That is France, not America" is a quote from one of John Adams' letters to Thomas Jefferson.
Buying $6 Trader Joe's prosecco like everyone else.
Got sum whoppin money in my pocket diz weekend
Well, of course you are!!!!
Whatta day. So tired!! Goodnight!!
hit my box with ur personal email
Gotta love Rocky IV, but Apollo dying was sure a downer.
lost 1 follower :(
sometimes there is nothing you can do right:(
Girlfriend on coworker: Sandy can't come into work today, because he cut his finger this past weekend and had to go to the emergency room...
80% of all retirees do not relocate, indicating "retirement communities" continue to carry a negative stigma for most seniors.
Yay Green Queen Team!!!
In order to succeed I guess you must fail.....I don't fail so much shit its about that time I start succeeding.....
Just downloaded #instagram for #android. I'm not sheepish about being part of the herd.
S/O to reppin Middleton Highschool to the whole country in the NFL!
hey! You're a prolific tweeter now! Keep up the tweets!
Without a doubt!
heading to Ethiopia next month. Can't wait to see the projects Ethiopian Orphan Relief has been able to complete with our generous donors.
tear him up! show that Vandy grad whose boss (UK fan here!)
Damn, I think the smoothies at CHOMP might just be the best in #monterey no joke.
Knight Foundation is looking for creative ideas on how to use technology to spur offline action.
Thanks so much lady! How've you been?
Well, boo hiss to me being on antibiotics for the weekend. I'm not contagious but it means I can't drink.
HAs anyone ever told you that you are BRILLIANT? #DesignerMasks ;-)
at the roxy promises to be Ill
So u comment on her photos saying mean things about her. Ur not cool, k?
Oh, Austy actually has managers now? Lol, brb, crying and remembering summer. xx
School so
thanks, man.
lol oh shit! o.o come get some popcorn
I would have sent you 8000 kitkat bars instead of butterfingers... cus you needed a break from football
Thanks Michelle! Frozen fruit is so yummy!
It feels nice to actually have a NICE conversation without the arguing & bitching.
Think good thoughts for Riley... He's getting an ultrasound 4 his enlarged puppy heart.
Ever wonder where to get a rain barrel? In some cities you can get them for free. Here's a website that shows some of the styles available:
if a zombie apocalypse happened who would you want with you? ( can be a real person or a character )
Yeahh haha I love him! It was the best concert ever!
That's awesome! We're interviewing TAP & Before you exit do you have any questions for them?
Hart goes yard in ATL - tied up at 8-!
Goal for tonight: Eat a bug sundae. Yes, real bugs. Will post pic if I succeed.
What the hell is march break??? i wish they had that shit when i was in school lol
Socially productive day. Ate too much, though.
Ava looks happy and excited for her walk! How adorable :)
thanks so much roger! Have a happy Easter! :)
some German piss burr and some blue moon I picked up tonight.
So... Philly marathon, eh? I've got the family here watching the festivities.
Skateboarding stunts abound in the Prague Airport
He's never hurt you as badly as you're hurting him.
i love genuinely nice people. they are not easy to come by.
Are you watching Mud People ? It's on right now!
No, please don't RT yourself, I'll find them!
how does Tony Siraguse have a job? Are there no overweight, mediocre ex players who can put together a sentence available?
hookah longue tonight with some of my rounds #happy18thbirthday to me :)
When you #focus on one thing, it changes everything.
Whaaaaaattt and dolly Parton?! R u flippppinnnn kidding me!!!?
#off I miss when the NHL was European dominated
That's a crappy deal for you
Yard signs are up all over Westlake for tomorrow's 2012 NEO Spring Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show, a late night success! See you tomorrow!
technically isn't MY show, I've no idea whose show it is, nothing to do with me whatsoever-but good show nonetheless!
Playing Christmas music always puts me in a good mood
Nearly 20 years old and Shawshank Redemption is still as timeless and compelling as any movie I've ever seen
RT : RT See the fabulous art of at 1323 E. Brady St. on Saturday at 8p!
Nothing is better than a little town named Austin.
yay...I am happy right now cuz I think u will like this one page. Go to my fb wall real fast and see the last 2 pages I like
Happy Easter! He died for s all Love you! Visualize and you will acheive!
in the morn can u bother justin and tell him to follow me ill give credit to u
Some people are so poor, they only have money.
Another exceptional display this eve, Pascucci. Bravo!
I'll only accept criticism from people who have actually been here.
Great turnout and participation from all of our #FPAC20 artists! They're ready to give you a great show! Who are you excited to see at FPAC?
Lol omg im so awk when i take selfies.
Also, Omar pisses with the bathroom door open and talks to you when you're walking by. I don't think he feels that shitty
hoes like that are called "R A T S"
email me at risotto recipes are a little longer than 140 characters!
Oh man. That is SO embarrassing. You might as well quit now.
Thanks for the follow. Can't wait for September. Bike Share and Green Bikeways go good together.
That song and a few others are on iTunes. I'm working on a full length project now ;) But you can always share those videos
Ha tell me you are being serious about this. Yo , forrrreal it's illegal for 'pre-10am' Thermo classes in Texas?
food that's always in my house. 1) double stuffed oreos. 2) lunchables 3) koolaid
okay awesome! I owe you multiple drinks, see you in a few :)
I know. The MTV one was so cute. Theyre hilarious, especially together. This one was actually like the yes-no show. It's good.(:
Headache and my throat hurts:/
I should write some music
Hello People! Go to www.thepropertylover.com
how did i not know there was a #chipotle ap for iphone until right now?! oh it's on.
yup! choke cubs choke! erik told me he is going to return the show and get 2k12 cuz of that ad! jackin! lol
well, I'm officially creeped out
I just won some free business cards from them thru Klout. I haven't used it yet. But, I thought it was cool!
Wish I can go to my dream school, but its just impossible for me to go there
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
Found naked pics of some of my friends , and people I went to school with , on my bro's comp .. Ugh . I'm pissed ! My friends are hoes ..
What is the users name
KEEP THE QUESTIONS COMING (:
New year here wonder what's in store I know it's gotta be good
Just gave advice on #omegle . Probably wasn't very good.... I hope that kid doesn't listen to a stranger from the internet...
I keep asking the same question. Who is he, and what is being done to him?
Wahoo! That's great news.
Happy 33rd Birthday to We're glad you're still alive and kickin'.
Jus left the florida mall headed home
I wanted to watch that dictator movie but that comes out next week. I guess Avengers would work
What's wrong? /:
Wow, #texans did not entertain today. Wish I was able to watch the
New Music Tuesday! What are you listening to right now??
Greek step show! Tomorrow, riverside theater. 6pm. $25.08!
Ol' man winter is back! How nice...maybe a snow storm next week? Sure, why not???
#orioles t, mocha lattes, bad guitar, random spam-me schemes...
Hello good morning good afternoon and good evening, my life does not suck because of the Holy Trinity. Have a good one.
I disagree, but I see your line of thought. I think the complexities of language are more difficult to grasp than basic math.
Word. ": "Hate is never conquered by hate, Hate is only conquered by love."-Buddha"
hey how you doing? I've been crying for like ever
no who askes that even people who are in their 40's are excited about it
Oh snap! I see now :)
is killin' it with over 77,000 man hours of work since it's inception!
Oh well that's idiots for you what can we do about them
its true
you are an awesome person Joey
instead she would whisper swag in your ear over and over
how about that mount, does it work well>?
Unfortunately we live in a time where what was once considered abnormal has become the "new" normal
69.69- your so pretty girl and your really funny :)
lol! I wish!
I'm envisioning Optimus Prime
That was the most 'scared-graceful' flying I've ever seen ! You had us laughin' in the office. Good work.
ooh- going shopping too- maybe I'll bump into you! Next week is fine. Basically free Mon, wed and fri eves. Any of these suit ya?
you know what I am talking about!
I fuckin love !
Pretty sure I'm sitting next to Sam from icarly on the bus right now. Hahaha it looks JUST LIKE HER. It's scary!
YOU'RE JUST LIKE JOHN MAYER! Just watched Bucky Larson for the first time. Good times!
And...the Builda the Re-Bicycler free app giveaway has ended. It's now $1.99, and worth every penny. Thanks to all who downloaded!
Next Actors Meeting July 30th at 7pm!!
I need to do something fun tonight!
im too bored!
NY friends, please join Wexley for the Washington vs Oregon game at Feile (131 W 33rd). may paint himself purple. 10:30PM
On the hunt for preshow food.
follow 4 a follow?♥
I have been using AT&T Microcell at home & work for about 1 month. Verdict: This thing is awesome! I can use my phones indoors!
With my bestfriend kkkkbye need more info tweet me up ;33
will both pokerstars and FTP pros be represented in the FPL?
Yeah, that's a great play. One of my faves.
we was the only black ppl playing in that party lol
STILL HORNY
Props to Gooch for using an Archer gif in his article. I can hardly believe the Star lets you do that.
yea...ima come thru in a few
My Granny used to love Hawaii 5.0 (Old version) & I used to watch it with her. I wonder if she were still alive if she'd like the new
yeah... that's my theory. also my favorite scens are when her character's breathing elevates when he stares at her.
consider a game started!
Interested to test the site with us? Message us at
Died in my dream again last night. Car crash this time. Death in my dreams 2 out of the last 3 nights if you're keeping score.
So Cute!!!
QoTD: "It is more important to outthink your enemy than to outfight him." (Sun Tzu)
your seriously heartbroken about missing a game for one of your oldest friends wedding?
Wowie ZOWIE!!! Here's a special thanks to Sean for donating $25!! Thank you Sean! You are Chum Buddy, and also an International Heart Throb!
#FemTechNet Peeps: where would you send a student to do a PhD in feminism and technology?
All you can do is shake it off and take it to the Wizards on Sunday.
Countdown to Collaboration! Join #DesignBizChat this morning at 10 am ET to discuss how it creates opportunities for your biz! Don't miss!
Check out the Mod Factory Collection 2012, A Fashion Show this Thursday Night...I will be walking the Runway for Designer; Carlos De Moya.
Midlakes Basketball: Our game tonight has been postponed to Monday night...same time, same place.
On the way to concert hall in Asdod. As their arena
The essential government service costs are increasing because of private sector inflation but salaries of only the top increase
ungrateful >.< sorry to hear about your mom and sister /:
When will you announce what proposals are accepted?
Happiness is redesigning the mobile version of your blog so it looks good on :)
yes. Looking forward to it.
That's right, the first day after I finished everything having to do with the university I woke up with a cold.
RT : We love this! RT : #Thoughtoftheday- "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." Les Brown
Yes please, yes please! RT I'm going to try!!
Giiiirlllll, I didn't realize this was YOU! Zsameria just straightened my $@$&@* out. Leave it to Z! Hey Hey Hey....
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
well bring ya ass to EC, you can have this bus ticket I got, it only got 1 ride though
So glad I'm spokes kid 4 this event. I'm ready to run and climb and have a great time. Are you signed up yet? Let's go people get signed up
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherf*cker a reason.
when u wanna succeed as bad as u wanna breathe, thats when ull be successful
can we cuddle?
What is everyone doing for the 4th of July weekend? Remember all of our Lennar communities will be open. Great time to stop by
can a possibility rock the world? Doesn't it need to be a reality? Stay tuned.
where did you go??
Do you prefer C++ or Java?
Those close looks at the rim are starting to fall now for the
The way NY has changed from when I 1st attended in 06 to when I went last year is astounding
i just want someone to care
Yes, Meat-Eaters. You're crazy about bacon. We get it.
thank you so much! I'm ao thankful!
so nasty lol love too mi amor
No, wait, word of the day is "intertwingled"
so i guess you aint got nothin else to do but talk about me lol have fun sayin stuff to people cuase in the end its gonna hurt you more
Yes, I'm happy to! Great to see you tweeting! :)
that's cause I'm sexy lmao..
I'm reading The House On Mango Street and I like this line: "Cats asleep like little donuts."
my birthday better be on the schedule of yours...
Also, I think that cigar was called, "Acid", great name, eh?
Making my way through Printz award winners. So moved by Looking for Alaska by ! Authentic voice.
Yes, excellent webinar. I can't wait to get more info on your industry solutions. I'm the one that asked that question.
My committee is deliberating about my defense...
Word. KB24. RT : please don't tell me you're a heat fan
Home at last...and sleeping until school. Back to being a zombie.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F OVERCAST
Interview went very well, will see 166 applicants. As far as moving we still live up in Indiana.
is perfection.
Illin' is one of those things you can be licensed for. I believe the Beastie Boys have one.
Azuki's unique menu featured, seared wagyu beef toped with white truffle oil,caviar, and asparagus.
i don't wanna get up
Ha lol do we really kno what love means I mean we say it all the time but do we actually mean it
can yu follow me? HAY.TRUST ME.it would mean the WORLD to me bc ur my WORLD<3
So... If The World Does End In 2012, Then I Have Waisted My Whole Life In School.
My goal is to treat DOTA2 like : Not take it seriously, not give a fk if I play good or drunk, dont study (0% chance I can do this tho)
Hey guys! Any Cinco De Mayo events planned?
Watching Original Kings of Comedy and rolling like its the first time I've ever seen it !
We lived. Thank you jesus. RT Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
The new video looks sick!!! Congrats!!!!
Seriously don't want to get my tonsils out 😁
Just a quick note that there are only 6 spaces left for our group Safari June 4th 2013 to the South Luangwa Game Reserve in Zambia.
yea we r is there a problem?:)
What happened to those 80* days????
LOL not at the same, but I couldn't decide between the two so I brought both upstairs. *shrug*
Hope y'all did awesome on yalls chem exam...y'all studied soo hard
it's redonkulous!! If you don't want to be American go the hell away then!
have I missed the GirlTalk password?
Worth trying the XS. I can grab one for you when they're on sale. What color? A basic color?
I there singing a song you don't know in church and you don't know the tune who cares just read some scripture and start shouting- Dr Dembow
It has been a long night.
Yumm dinner with Carly and 💜💜💜
Let's go Chelsea in the Champions League Finals...lets knock the Spuds out of 4th!
The best way to make people remember you ? Borrow money from them .
Praying for the pg police officer who died apparently yesterday
ahahahaha bobby brown was on leno??? lolololol
That would be very kind! Will DM sometime early this week once I wrap my head around what is left. :)
*gasp* Not the... not the TIGERS! ;-) It's ok, I haven't followed baseball all season
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!!
I dead need some instagram followers doe! If you see this can ya'll follow me please...its. naji_loves THANKS! <333
go to the ER, make sure it's not something serious
I do? Why?
that is INSANE!
,i like popcorn lol
looked awesome! Get in close to Sofia :)
no problem :)
Those are just some good tunes for you guys to listen to! NEW MUSIC/VIDEOS coming SON!
"Who's got time to write Fish Fry reviews!?"
#whydopeopledothis have kids and not take care of them"
how old will you be?
Quod Erat in Veniendum => Which was to be found
Trivia Time: How many rings are on our Bellevue belt?
Yeah old cars are cool. I almost got a 64 1/2 mustang... I like modern stuff too much...like Air conditioning! Lol
Confirmed Group rate at Hilton Garden Inn Palmdale. Group rate code on FB page
Congratulations to the Oklahoma City Barons advancing to the AHL's Western Conference Finals. Halfway to the
#Brutal This is a joke. They are useless like tits on a bull.
The Sixth Avenue Wine Seller offers tastings for $10 during “Thirsty Thursdays” from 6-8 pm. Like what you’ve tasted? Apply the $10...
Or the turtle. My son has 1 for a pet. Loves'em. Lol RT :
Committed is blowin up...n Jesus' name!
Awesome! Good luck!
I love
Simmons College Radio bake sale scheduled for Oct 17th! All proceeds are going to ! Be sure to stop by!
Welcome to my world.
You should ask them to crack the door so you can take a picture =)
Morning Ms Lady
we don't have a TV that can pick transmissions. so we missed it. : (
LetterThree provides unique seminars for your coaches. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Lady sailors represent!
I NEVER THOUGHT THROUGH LOVE WE'D BE MAKIN ONE AS LOVELY AS SHE
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick.
Too sexy...
Louis Toliver, path into masculinity studies was interest in 'the final girl'.
Commission meeting is live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Here>>>>there
"If you seek happiness more than Me, you will get neither. If you seek Me more than happiness, you will get Both."
are you a mom too? If so happy mothers day To you too!!!!
": Who all has arrived in New Orleans for the Final Four already?" I'm here mayne!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!63
always! Send resume to .
RT Practice what you preach OR don't speak.
RT: : School is lame RT if you agree
"don not fear tomorrow or regret the past live for whats now and never look back"
Its not only making the tough decision, but how the decision is made, communicated, followed through
RT Less DIY more DIWO (do it with others) #eyeo :)
Follow me!,Is Hot related to Watch American Idol Online
Practice safe eating , always use condiments. -Anon
Living one day at a time; Enjoying one moment at a time; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace;
Cock and bull in Sarasota tonight @ 9!
you were in Ny? Dang I see everybody was in town. You have fun?
In the mood for some Pride and Prejudice. The Keira Knightley/Matthew McFadyen version.
❤Tell her she’s beautiful everyday. You don’t know how much that will mean to her.❤
Don't no why niggas still we boot cut jeans with low tops shoes
lol don't hate ❤
denard robinson threw for 4500 yards and 36 touchdowns in only TWO seasons!
do.. That light show was sick..
cool got u on the list
I don't have kids. I put this to those that do. Would you let your kids play football given the risks? Not sure I would. And I love football
Hope you started Jackson... Jones and Smith were a wash. I'm up against Gore (tied)... might win if Vinatieri outscores RBrown
I wish my iPhone actually worked
Sorry I can't muster a more eloquent response. Working on zero hours of sleep after a weirdly rough week. :)
Got skills when it comes to #socialmedia? Talk to me.
A hearing for a new stadium is today. This comes after a finance committee passed a bill. More at 6AM on
And always getting disrespected... she deserves it tho.
Go Pack!
Check out the Twitter page for the latest posts on my blogs for Tuesday.
Completely agree! RT : omg Tebow 3:16 commercial during the divisional playoff game? inappropriate
done. Thanks :))
and your in my mentions because?
Well I got Schmorl's nodes
I don't think I'm getting a weekend.
At the waffle house.
: The photographer, I mean.
Curse Sir Walter Raleigh, he was such a stupid git.
We have a couple tables open right now... Come on by!
That tour is gonna be so good. Love some Deftones.
Just need to remember to cancel netflix on the 25th
Some Mom's have to breast feed on Mother's Day. That's messed up. These kids are greedy as hell.
this is the most horrifying thing to come back from a staff meeting & learn, ever.
RT : A1. Today’s clients expect interactive communication and the latest & greatest tools from marketers.
Live with mainstream S bands. stop by to hear it.
Someone might crawl in bed with me, but I wouldn't recommend it, MOL!
thanks fo the follow. Happy Pilot Season.
When a monkey nibbles on a weenis, it’s funny in any language. - Chow
Feelin like a Rock-N-Rolla!
dude, happy birthday! cheers.
I don't understand why there is a need to #hashtag #a #dozen #words #in #every #tweet #that #you #post. Am I missing something?
The true meaning of life is to plant trees under whose shade you do not expect to sit. ~ Nelson Henderson
Praise God! Hopped off the train and got right onto a connecting bus! Ive done enough walking/running for one day.
Big fan of your shoq. A friend showed me "50 fists" I watched it twice in a row the first time. is the MAN!!
"Leave Your Legacy" share your unique talent with everyone you come in contact with and let them benefit from knowing you!
what you want me to say wait it doesnt matter things will still be the same you did not care then what makes you think you will care now
RT : Have u entered 2 win $250 CASH 4 Mother's Day? Y'all this ain't no gimmick - I'm a part of it too!...
WOO GO ASGAAAAAARDDD. his favorite female superhero is Sif! :D
It must be really hard on Ben to be up against 2 very talented people! Good luck Ben, you can do it!
miss you to dani <33
who? never heard of him. must be a new guy.
So obsesed with the clockwork angel, that i´m even gonna read tale of two cities and vathek! Thank you, so much ;)
Ugh this weather is killing the satellite reception=no tv=time to sleep on this couch
I'm bout to come get u from tx
Maybe I'm just not used to having a phone nor the ability to tweet when I'm not home.
Idioms are bugging me.Some are so outdated,especially the ones on our formal tests.Are they worthy of spending valuable Tx time on?
-Papi, we made cookies today in class. I brought you some -You made them? Did you put poison or something? -...I was the dishwasher
Ha! "per our conversation" is my go to RT : "As we discussed" is the email form of telling someone to "F off."
Have you heard the cover by Streetlight Manifesto? They do some really great stuff with horns.
lol i just got hyped as possible!
...soon, please! Let me know when you are in the area and we will see what we can do. M. HannukWA.
I love little kids :)
At the movies w/ my hubby ❤ .
lol nice spot!
Bridge plunge
2014 #Butler target, Troy Spears, of Park Tudor committed to Steve Alford's program in New Mexico yesterday.
The American Academy's Steve Hartnett was just interviewed by Eileen Ambrose of the Baltimore Sun on estate tax issues. Congrats Steve!
RT : =) Thanks, my current job does not pay me enough at all /\ well your IVY friends r pulling for you!
Filmmakers discuss the role of fathers in maintaining families from prison. Slower progress in men's facilities.
Pimp C had bars
We're not a publisher, but services (such as marketing / publicity) may also be used by #writers published traditionally.
Watching the new kung fu panda series pretty good so far
Nice! How creative :) Thanks so much! I love new therapy ideas!
I'm cool, just got out of class...what you been on?
": RT : Dear insane self-destructive people, thanks for music and art.
Just heard 2 great #steampunk papers at #INCS - Jay Clayton's ( ) class built a steampunk computer game!
First boozy snow cone of the season on March 20 . Few spots left for 3 course dinner w/Jo Snow.
If you're up, catch me on with this morning at 8:15 talking Brewers baseball on
thanks! You guys have big weekend plans?
Walking to the gym is a little over half the fun.
RT I agree that if Matusz struggles again tonight Buck should look to fill his spot in the rotation.
Better - glow sticks and neon mood lighting
GREAT SHOW SHOW PLAINFIELD VERMONT, ROCKS REAL HIPHOP LIVES THERE SHOUT OUT ''LESPECIAL'' ,SQUALA ORPHAN AND AKIL (JURASSIC 5) AND MANY MORE
<==Simply Amazing!!! Congrats Diva!
final review packets
tell vegan brownie lady if she sells chia seeds she'll basically control 1/3 of my nutrition. Also tell her good job w/brownies.
Rockin' a crisp white blouse today... Let's see how long I can keep it white!
Just got woke up by a lame ass text at 2AM? You want to talk to me about THIS? You don't know me like that. Man, I never get a decent sleep.
The noblest search is the search for excellence – Lyndon B. Johnson
will you ever follow me Dave? ):
Friday night, almost 70°. Heck, play until 1am, I'll stay up. My phone battery won't, but I will :)
They couldn't play any better, we couldn't play any worse. 20 points better than them on any other day.
I swear if I see one more stripper with a star or koi fish tattoo I'm gonna scream!
yes peek. thanx
RT "Everyone must demonstrate unique value added skills in hyper connected world & keep reengineering his/her job"---Tom Friedman
Lesson learned. Never tweet outside during a hurr
Haha glad you enjoyed it buddy!!! Come on by whenever you want were open till 3am Wednesday to Saturday!
Wish I had that here!
will u be joining and myself in the Cefalu caravan tomorrow?
MarineMax. Your one stop shop. Customer came in 3 days ago looking all over for a boat. Found his boat! No one else could! Inventory galore!
what about it lol
Watching 'You Are Next' artist Jennifer O'Connor at the Green Bean in NC... Awesome!
lol just think of us thin simple and flip it
I love that photo
good one...
Hollis drains an are-you-kidding me three to keep the Hoyas alive. Still down four with only a minute to go though
Bravo on saying that "The Lorax" did not receive any of your money. They deserve none of mine either.
what flavor? I like BK's frozen coke too
Looking forward to reading 's 'almost novelistic' literary debut - '1982' - congrats!!!! I'm sure it is much more than almost.
Join us for the Dog Days of Summer event at Mark Diamond's Jewelers right now! 8000 Paseo Del Norte NE Suite B-1 Albuquerque, NM 87122
Consolidated Consultants' 16th Birthday today, 16 years in helping Attorney's find the right Expert Witness!
This the Queen James we all know & love. 0pts in O.T.
Exactly. I just didn't want to start anything with some half-wit ass clown at 2am is all.
; girl I wouldn't be the same if you was with somebody else, girl it wouldn't be the same if I was with somebody else.
i cant with this world
I am a seafood girl. I am going to have to try this recipe out. thank you.
I hope it was WordPerfect
Is there more to #chaos theory than "(*$%*! happens"?
Sometimes following your dreams isnt always gonna get chu where you wanna be in life
Hey guys come hang out with us at the new Jacks Patio Bar! We'll be playing with Love at War & Von Army. First 3 RT's get on the list.
Think is the best interviewer in late night. Not great on the red carpet, but worth staying up until 2 AM for.
Music blast in my room ^_^...thinking about my crush omg...he's taken smfh! :/
god I hate bugs...
Thx for showing me zipper on Google's search page!! Remember doing a deal for YKK (make 90% of world's zippers) at White & Case!
We grow by remaining fully conscious of the gifts we are given
it's so sunny and warm. wonderful day for tanning. :).
cake walk, that stuff is easy for me!!!
I should be in bed. But, its Saturday. And I'm home. Hanging with Junior. Watching Scarface. All's good. What time it??
left the newsroom
Thank you for the info and your efforts...sincerely appreciate. I'll call ASAP. Thanks again!!!
partner restaurant in flatiron now offering complimentary hors doevres at the bar, 5-7 pm Monday-Fridays!
Looking at your old crush & being like eww I liked you?
We hope everyone had a lovely day! #ValentinesDay love!
Gm!!!! RT : RT : On the air !! Call me 550-9696<~ Good Morning Sunshine
Great catch by macklin
I'm glad Leap Day is over. It's become so commercialized.
Ready for a big night tonight with We have one table left, contact at 503 484 5959 for reservations & the list.
Bout to be #lobcity for and the #nuggets with Javale McGhee
RT“ When boys wipe your tears when you cry.”
you only live once is what yolo is short for
32 hrs next two days on the truck, then i'll be in the VIP for Vanilla Ice!!! Oh yeah! :)
Ah what a day what a day. The couch is like heaven right now.
watch him follow you tho
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
The galleries are a blur of activity and dust as we finish up the brand new walls for the MFA studio show!
Game should be around 830ish. Go Lancers!
I need followers :(
": ha ha. Yea I'm on twitter Welcome me with open arms." Lol I just called you
Wonder if you'll follow me today?(: Hm.......
Think I'm gettin sick
RT : Oh and FTR, lost another 2 lbs while at Shnoocon. <= Way to go =)
I did learn my skills from & It's AWESOME and awe inspiring! How do you spell power A D A P T
JUST WATCHED THE FIRST EPISODE OF DOWNTON ABBEY. NEED I SAY MORE?!
Hey folks, seems we're having some trouble with the ticket system. We'll let you know as soon as it's back up!
people ned to follow me
Funny how many tweets in #edchat are not related to the question, but take advantage of the reach of the hashtag.
Mitchell is the head of the state Firefighter's Assoc.
hm.. Hey friend!
awesomeness!! What kine Filipino are you?
Have fun!! #UCtour #UC2017 RT : College tour at university of Cincinnati.
the women there loved my mad style skillz :)
Ok, if I wanted freakin' summer I would have asked for it! HATE HEAT! Bring me some snow! There I feel much better...but not cooler. :(
profile pic is SO YOU!
Would love to talk more about your profession and how to present yourself in a video.
Yo daddy musta been a drug dealer cuz you dope.
Not to mention some of those same politicians speaking at college graduations are the same ones who screw the students over in the long run
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MAY WORLD IF YOU DID IF YOU DON'T I MAY CRY:( YOUR AMAZING ANd so adorable <333333
just killed it!
Will you be upgrading to Windows 7?
Quote of the day in Monterey "the woman behind us is louder than those sea lions"
I didn't get anything for my mom for Mother's Day. If any of you remember from last year, she fed the breakfast I made her to the dogs. >:(
Hello vase man.
Always a great sign when governments started tailoring the law to prohibit whatever form of protest they're currently annoyed by.
Sacramento is a city ... Where we lobby ... I think that is about it
Good evening! I just finished your excellent novel "Zone One." Can't say enough good things about this book.
anything going on with the hawks.
o yeah, hes nice just kinda annoying lol
likewise, i think its awesome :)
Had to download TweetDeck on my phone because my Twitter for Android isn't working. Anybody else having that problem?
Coach Frank Hall, very inspirational! Wow! Wow! Wow! "One heart beat!"
Yeah...miss you too whore
Now on TJMS: Girl Power! April Ryan and Shaun Robinson speaks on girl empowerment movement "One Girl, One Voice"
I spy Pearl Cleage
Glass is half full... That's how I look at it. 🍸🍸
y u so cute?
couldnt be any nicer tonight.....
go to their wall on facebook. Down a day or two.
lol good move. I hope tomorrow's games are better than this lol
I just added you on Google+
Burns must eat crow!
Donors, like their investor counterparts in the for-profit world, are looking for results. Donors give to see positive change!
I submitted an idea to put wifi in @ #Dodger Stadium.
Green Lake Hoops can be like watchin' roosters run around an imaginary pen. Do they know that's a basketball court?
and . No matter the outcome - glad to be in such good co. C u in 24 hrs.
Delightful time in Chicago, excellent pizza at Nancy's Pizza and crêpes at La Crêperie (oldest creperie in country!).
Jake reported no issues after his first start of the season, he didn't like being on a pitch count & removed so early.
#ING CMO Ann Glover speaks at the ING CRMA Symposium today
I Can't Be In This Cast For Another Week!
Thank you for your wonderful presentation and sharing your knowledge with our staff! You were incredible!
Wishing a very happy birthday to our co-chairperson Diane! We appreciate you and Julie and all you two are doing to make InnoTech great.
why do you underestimate me?
which one of yall want some dick and bubble gum
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
We can't wait for Eco Movie Night July 28th @ James Madison Park! What's your favorite eco-themed movie?
“: If anyone was offended by one of my many assaults, I apologize.”
Back to work.
We want to hear from you! Mention us with what colors you'd like to see for the next shirt - _____(PrintColor) on _____(ShirtColor)
Goodnight y'all #godbless and be kind to one another! Talk to y'all tomorrow!
Might be out of it this week
After working with Android phone and tablet, I now view laptops as bulky and complicated.
"the more you know, the more you don't know."
#Imagine Liam looks at your hand:"Something's missing'' You:''What?'' Liam:''The ring I'll place on your finger when I ask you to marry me''
Being told i look tired today in other words "you look like shit"
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) - in order to sustain BL - get more $$$, (grant), grow team, database for tracking, let grow, utilize faculty
Sorry for the radio silence! My teacher was carted away in an ambulance, and we still have class. It's been NUTS today!
Can't wait for the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Fillmore in Denver November 18th!
Greeting to you also. My day is going well, I pray yours is also. Yes, that is truly a sad statistic.
Haha, hockey is the one sport I don't follow religiously. Really a shame at this point.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled cheese on multi-grain bread with a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
New guest post up now discussing more evidence that the Bible is truth..
Hey Mallory, I have class at 8am and yet I don't care. They're celebrating their seniors graduating and that's a big thing
Woo! RT : Book shoot starts today, 3 yrs in the making OMG
Never thought I'd see a #Klepatz hash tag. Haha.
thank you jasmine
I was suspended because someone threw a book at my face & I was accused of starting a fight. The thrower tried to defend me too
all day baby
jkkk no i wont
Watching Transformers 3!!!
Loving the homeless-hotspots! Greater
": A winner never stops trying. -Tom Landry"
Y don't ppl teach their children how to deal with ups and down of relationships so less dumb mistakes r made?
Cant wait to see whino and peaches this weekend...yeah!!
Hard to tell a player to NOT throw a projectile, I'd rather Not have a decision to make in game while playing.
Named after Keith Moon comment they'd 'go down like lead balloon.' They laughed, changed balloon 2 zeppelin.
it was a typo!
lol.. it is boring
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
love it! RT : My holiday shopping strategy: One present for you, three presents for me
Y am I so bad @ going 2 sleep early? I'm still wide awake! Probably not good if I want 2 get up @ 5am
Thanks! I really enjoyed your presentation. The candor was refreshing. Best of luck and hope to see you at the next #prsms!
You can enter every day for more chances to win!
I feel sick
haha oh I'm learning.
thanks Floyd!
Maybe you two can do that during his "Junkfood Tour of Chicago" ;)
I feel sick again ):
hahah he does
charterization /market approach requires testing.You don't like testing, but you like market approach.
Life would suck if there wasn't any cats (like )
better be playing softball for gym today
Do you sell T-Shirts? Add Tshirtgang.com and add sales via your own website and put MORE money in your pocket!
Reading about pioneer women gives me newfound appreciation for indoor plumbing and electricity.
Fucking shit. Don't open the damn door
The 5,000 sq ft Sharp Hospital green roof is finally complete. I'm so proud of our team: Pari Ryan,Todd Nelson & Danny Barttels. Many kudos!
have you tried Jack In The Box's chicken nuggets yet?? They're soo good.
July 1st they become a member of the SEC
how come everytime I say go vote for MB I don't never get a retweet or some y'all ignoring a pretty mindless girl!!
Clean showers and clean bathrooms would be great, cabins that you can rent so I don't have to tent it
I hope to one day write something that will be cited in a paper by a mediocre graduate student.
Warren Buffet's secretary will be sitting with the First Lady during tonight State of the Union address. via
could u send me sample of p90x and bbl, I want to create hybrid with p90x2 and bbl :)
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. Genesis 1:1
: I really want to get my hands on this book. It looks really good and I've been hearing such great things!
Who is tracking weekly social media metrics? What categories?
So to have some fun and get you guys psyched, we're about to play a fun game :) who likes contests?
I did pretty good in fantasy football this week!
#Str8LykeDes.... Kinda of liking being up early normally I'll be sleeping my life away until work might still do lol...
If we give a little love, maybe we can change the world <3
Love is kind
OTA, Stats Ab, and now ACS? Did the US gov declare a war on knowledge?
Chillin, watchin The Family Hustle. Then it's bed time. Ballin @ 5am
Accept the challenge. You won't be disappointed.
Had to get on them burners tonight... Cooked up a grilled chicken breast wrap and some fresh cut sweet potato fries... Late dinner
I swing both ways. I tend to listen to the SH stuff more often. Not sure why though.
Yay for retro episodes. You'll have to post them before I listen so I can rewatch and bug you on Twitter. Listening now.
Haven't listened to Kill Bill fight scenes while working on taxo structures in a while. Thx for inspiring the rest of my day.
Horrible abs from the os in the bottom of the 8th
If only people with closed minds came with a mouth to match.
Bridesmaids bathroom scene: choral edition :X
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo think they can rap just because your black and poor
Don't whisper at me cause I won't understand
for sure need to see you!!! ❤❤
sup and I have a dress like that
# lol she embarrased i would be too
Am I the only one NOT freaking out about finals next week?
Omaha bound- be there in 3 hours.
where's the daiquiris video in the back of the mini coop!? :) Great sharing a boozy nola post moment w u! You were great!
His companions approved thesearrangements without even uttering a word
Enjoying the parade in downtown #STL for our World Series Champions, Cardinals! :-D
Pay is also nearly 2x what I made in my MLS internship
Dodging online #MadMen spoilers until later tonight keeps me alert on Mondays almost as much as too much #coffee does.
Q!: Have you designed for or otherwise worked on a site-specific performance/theatre production?
The hardest job in the world would be working in a bubble wrap factory. Just imagine the self control that is required!
thank u 😄
Great time @ Mission Beach w/Destie's school. 1000 kids pickin up trash & being taught 2 save our #ocean! What a great way 2 spend the day!
The new music sounds fantastic! Norman Simmons created some wonderful arrangements.
Was excited to have toast at my parents house for breakfast, until I saw they're doing the low carb thing again. No toast ANYWHERE!
With Rose out, does that put miami in the Nba finals?
or should i say nutella m nutella
TIA plans solar art piece - Arizona Daily Star TIA plans solar art piece Arizona Daily Star The solar sculpture will occupy a spot along
I can't breathe right now..darn allergies..tee hee..but it was nice to learn that Snoop is spreading his wings..
..somethin, kind as could be, and she appreciated MY doing HER hair. No, Nancy, thank you for inspiring me to be a brilliant woman.
only in the same way that the design of a chair you haven't built yet has no established reality
I'm well! Adventures in Target with my nephew. Lol
Another beautiful day! I could get use to this!
on it. Downloading now
Reader, I married her! Looking forward to CLA next month.
Helping to improve Wisconsin's economy ->> www.ThinkTankLive.com Biz strategy & tactics for real-world results.
Well that was a fun night of work on my final project for statistics.
yea we should catch up. My next few days / weeks are nuts but could do early coffee.
that either means "do I know you" or something else. I'm not up on my acronyms I guess. Meaning?
Purplespace is now on iTunes!!! :D
Excellent, love this Sam!
I'm SO anti-gold teeth. Plus, I'd never be able to stop thinking, you have those but not a (house, 401K, paid off car...)
I LOVE U JB=life!! <3
"We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing." (George Bernard Shaw)
“: Lmao !! RT I dont hate you. I just hope your next period happens in a shark tank.” ----damn😲😲
enjoy your trip, then! :)
LEARNING MORE CODE TO BUILD DIFFERENT WEB APPS... BELOW THE BRIM IS GOING MOBILE. "B" A MOVEMENT
#1 rule to surviving the night: pace yourself. That one is free
WE LUV OUR FANS! you guys were soo awesome last night at !! HUGE THANKS to our friends for a killer set!
Has Shannyn ever realized that her full name kinda sounds like "shenanigans"? (!!!!)
Okay that makes sense now!
Are you back in LA anytime soon?
In search of the miraculous by Bas Jan Ader! I must get to
Transcribing a medieval manuscript while listening to Snoop Dog.
Oh sorry love!=( Get better!:(
Me? North of Barcelona.
her man would not like that at all
My mother is a psychotic fill-in-the-blank
she ate some pennies & didn't know till it was to late. Any pennies minted after 82 are toxic. All you #pugs & dogs be careful!
think He means personnel. But so did Jordan
Please follow our amazing friend and C.O.O A must #FF ;) Thank you
So, if you don't vote for Jermaine Paul vote for Chris Mann ok? Just kidding. Vote 4 your fave, but just vote!
Ha! Hey, you seen #Obamadogrecipes? MT : Tell FLOTUS to cut the 1 Peter line -- her hubby's got enough of an ego!"
Had a wonderful day yesterday watching the musical of the Giver and then Gypsy staring the Ryans so awesome!
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." Artist, Hans Hofmann
Very cool. RT'd.
i just tweeted the next set of guys
Alright , who were the dirtbags .......
dreamt the impossible dream, and fought the unbeatable foe. My self esteem is in the toilet now.
Delta Air Lines changes Delta Shuttle flight times to on-the-hour service to Boston, Washington, D.C.; adds 13th flight to Chicago.
Mornin.. Off to the Studio
Our news came out today, our stock is up 33.33% The markets are coming back! We are excited! HPNN.PK
Thanks for the invite! That would b HOT,however we have many things on our plates right now! Keep us posted on your events.
Thanks so much! Love these ideas!
My summertime playlist >>>
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your ♥. -Winnie the Pooh
and must strike quickly and make a Boh2J shirt to honor 's awesomeness on #Raw tonight.
I seriously doubt that you forgot why I was upset with you..like you obviously don't care one bit
yes it is?
Show this tweet to the bartender 2nite and receive 50% off all appetizers during the Celtics game. Retweet away #IamaCeltic!!!
#kids Vanilla Ice Concert: Vanilla Ice Concert from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Six Flags...
Hard work pays off even if it's in the form of vs. tickets! Boat loads of appreciation to
and the American people are disappointed by the poor conduct and the idea that we're still over there
Lone Ranger is still (and again) my favorite book out now by anybody.
that's good :)
Just listed my 100th Item and I'm just getting started. This man is tired and have been working tirelessly for 3 days including 2 nights. GN
Hello to TweetStation followers! Interested in getting strted on Twitter? Check out : Technology Café or find a TweetTeam member!
Like the green, but maybe voting blue, because it has the look of being a colorized photo, if you colored the sky it'd be blue.
Thanks for watching my report. :-)
4 in a 20oz... Drank City
So now my dad wants a twitter?
awe what the hell.
