I don't care what says, those looked like nipples to me.
I can handle loads of stress and pressure, but death... just breaks me. I've just been shattered most of the day.
gearing up for orch. appearance (Vivaldi with Zaria and one more Aranjuez!) every time is the first time
Chuck Norris and the illuminati are working together, I swear it.
What Ron Paul revolution?
Now all we need are t-shirts: "I want to be #alaleftbehind "
I follow back, just ask me to :)
Sounds a lot like hell to me RT : New York City forecast: record-breaking heat and raw sewage in the rivers. Lovely.
how are you..
Dick Riders don't understand much except what they choose to believe is facts inside they head smh
heeyyyy did I get my ring back from youu in class? Cus I realized I didn't have it and I can't find it.. :p
In going to yoga, I've learned that the aspect the old men in class embrace most heartily is the spirited, noisy exhale.
YES JASON
I can't stand ignorant people. #growup 😒
i just keep replaying the speech in Sanctuary by Paradise Fears
RT : Safety first. Just kidding, coffee first. Safety's like third or fourth.
Work is a form of cruel and unusual punishment.
In the lovely town of Vermillion, South Dakota for a strategic planning session. Great, little town - nice downtown area. Worth the visit!
I just sent you the final. Mainly because I want you to see the new argument. You only need to review the first 2 pages.
US District Judge Reggie Walton declares mistrial in Roger Clemens perjury case.
Wait ur favorite bands system of a down? oh and u really love OM&M? Oh ok so... When are we getting married?
Haha. So what's the deal with safari. I need a day job.
take off that givenchy and let's get raunchy
Glad to see so many people asked Obama about supporting #nationalservice publicly during the #twittertownhall. Volunteers stand united!
yah obviously♥ zachyyyy how are you????!!!X
Best color? Blue vs. Red. YOU DECIDE!
i hope to god its not true
SHUSH! I'm only a few chapters in...SPOILERS MISSY!
Finally home. I might just go get some gummy bears...
New Research-Based Migraine Management Guide Clarifies What May Help &amp; What Won't - ProHealth
Day9 just answered my viewer question on daily #392!
hahah! I like ur style girl!
RT Insecurity Vs. Public Affection.......Are u broadcasting TRUE HAPPINESS, or broadcasting it JUST TO PROVE A POINT??
we will be there in full force!
NICE! Beast...
Per aspera ad astra: Yesterday, 40 documents were deleted of our account. All of them, belonging to the collection 'Jstor Patristic/Patrolo…
will let you know the next time we have Live music.
i want to go to college now!
I don't know know when Elizabeth is coming back but the three of us at least can. :)
Just an update to the new followers I was originall / still am . I have just made a 2ndary account 4 to seperate my race friends
I love aidan bishop hes gas the video of him hitting a filthy stool in tra mor is so funny and he runs a much in it :L.
Thanks for the follow I followed back :)
Hey what sups Bro!!!!
Wonder how much more he might've made staying with Facebook.
There's no one else but #GloriaAllred?
>>> RT : Spamming actually does more to HURT your music and image than spreading the word..
Thanks for the kind (and funny) comments, Dan!
John Legend better watch out...just because he doesn't have a career he shouldn't be hating!!! You DO NOT wanna piss off Britney fans!!
i got thiss
@ im in OUR bed.... n yu kno the guest room is being remodeled so how r yu in there.... y do yu do this 2 me
Miss #Wisconsin just won #MissAmerica Take notes Rodgers. All we do is win.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
my song listen to some nights
You can't like every photo you post, that shit isn't cool.
Just north of the first ring-finger knuckle. Am I right, ?
Okay, it really bothers me when teachers complain about having to teach 4 classes on one day. Hello, thats what we do EVERYDAY. shut up.
What DID U Do??? I've been massaging his feet & legs 4an hour now!!!
leaving you behind would be really ruff!
Sincere thanks to everyone who took the time to support the best jazz around! Thanks for a successful Fall Fund Drive!
Boys are such dicks sometimes
Is it that weird that Ive never had to mow the front lawn? my response to this questions is always.. #IveGotThreeBrothers lol
happy birthday vacation!
Hailie's daddy is still a better rapper than your daddy.
It won't be long till the Williamson County fair and you can eat fair food till your heart desires. I can't wait.
cottage cheese and pineapple for life
Big thanks to our runners that endured 4 legs of #bourbonchase ( Allie)
_________/\______\O/_______ Swim faster little man!!! Swim faster!!!
Screw u. haha sorry my ipod diedd!
Looking for a volunteer videographer to film & edit a short PSA to continue the SOPA conversation. email for details:
My timeline is full of all of this...I don't know base...baseball? Something like that...I don't know...Apparently hot dogs are involved
it looks great on you(:
We can have a front row seat to a big full moon..
RT : Dear insomnia: I hate you. You get in the way of my dreams.
but the whole talk of "trusting" your data less with one or the other BECAUSE of that style doesn't make sense to me.
Wanna come and speak to the kids at the Young Actors' Theatre Camp this summer!? We'd love to have you!
Happy 4th of July Milwaukee
Saw your school picture(: So CuTE!!!:) Love you!(:<3
Need a baiting suit ASAP !
"I'm going to take my talents to 'Moons Over My Hammy'" - Robert Lewis 2/27/12 (no press conference)
thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a mattress or furniture let us know!
The Great Chef - Charlie Trotter and Apple CEO Steve Jobs love #Rawfood - smart guys.
came to me in a weird lucid moment in the middle of the night. True, no? :)
Wake up, its time for a spin I'll be cranking it up at 8:15...
Tired head hurts throat hurts ... I hate strep
Great that with the size of 's (Michelle Phan) audience, she's still embarrassed at the Robert Kyncl shout out.
Aww damn.. Edged out by the museum of the confederacy.
Boesch on #bay: New vehicle will soon be launched to monitor bay. Will be for independent scientific research.
Thunder vs.Boston NBA Finals
Awesome, thanks!
thanks for the RT
it is likely a software issue. have you tried a restore from your itunes account? make sure to backup before you do.
The guys in BLACKstreet, now at the cash register at Vons: "I hate that I work here - No dignity - I have to bag it up"
We are at Bayou Beer Garden Dec 3 with The Scorseses!!
Looking to learn about new directions in spatial history
I agree whole-heartedly John. The topic of ignoring #poverty is a great sadness of mine. The site tends to be a bit radical.
35 folks turned out to see us in Campbellsville last night! Great momentum! Already halfway to Hazard this morning.
tomorrows friday .
- good shit Snoop. Final products will be great.
Account Executive opening in our Middleton, WI office! Tech Sales or Staffing a must have. Call me 608-827-8882
I thought you were out of there! What happened? And why can't I DM you?
NO MEETING TONIGHT!! Let us know of you'd like to participate in the Allen Park Cleanup Saturday!
YES! Perfect. I'll be here in the summer, too. I'm looking forward to it
Come with me, and you'll be, in a land of pure imagination!
doesnt have a tv show yet
Just came back from game 4 to 4 now I'm gonna go to see Spider Man Turn off the Dark in manhattan for Mi Birfday #stoked 
bumpin to music....my aunt walks in my room dancin...ctfu i love my family but im hungry they should make me sumin ....lol
Before you judge me, try hard to love me, look within your heart then ask, have you seen my childhood. - M.J. <3
. Your ignorance is pathetic and dangerous.
Would also love to make it to Cozumel
Bit of a rough night - grinding thru it. Another meeting tmrw. to get some photos up elsewhere in Brookfield
good except for seating. Seating could be improved upon...unless you are at sushi bar. Food makes you come back.
this chicken alfredo made me extra sleepy
Sometimes I feel like my life lacks forward momentum, ya know.
HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
I completely forgot! Can we reschedule? In the middle of doing work for one of my programs
lol I got her a rose :) so we're straight
great! looking forward to it.
Race weekend shall be the 💩
thanks for the bike art link!
Today was my last day i California, i so don't want to go home!
what happened to chris
Eggs/Turkey Sausage/Hashbrowns/toast/Coffee.. Prune Juice..LOL
I think its just a school reading this time, and not open to the public. Just there for one day, then off! Sorry! Next time!
I hear its gonna be a hot one today so stay cool.
Connecting music lovers.
This week is Count Down to Farmers' Market Week. Slowly working my way through the to do list. Today: Box-o-Selling (tape, pens, string,etc)
Omg it's a sex tape! LMFAO
after being stuck in the rain yesterday all i feel now is a sore throat :( in bed
thanks for the update. looks like tweet later is still down?
got it! lol
Listening to an advance release copy of Megadeth's new album, Endgame. Wow. I think this might be their best album since Rust In Peace.
Clouds, limited sun. A big difference with how it feels outside later. HIGH: 66. A passing shower or two. Tomorrow WINDY! HIGH: 57.
We can be cool, but not close.
Glad you made it!
I wish I could have that everyday
#greggwilliams needs to be banned from the #nfl if you haven't listened to the audio from his pregame speech for the 49ers game you need to.
And I answer the call that went like this: [caller] "what happened to the $ for some ass, this is Welli from the Village"......WTF!!
RT : Go with the flow in job search! Identify your talents & strengths, how you've used them, value they provide employers.
Lee demonstrates her considerable skill as a chocolatier for students at Northeastern University tomorrow night. Go Huskies!
i need a couple of ppl to #FWM bored ight now nd not recordin tonight
We're glad you love it!
You don't have to find clients when you use Google Places - they find you!
it's my MOTHER and she's in love with a 17 year old vampire... weird?
That's just wrong. Shouldn't it be Vagina "Pink-ener"? Seriously, wouldn't a white vagina be scary?
If we have a coughtry test tomorrow, i'm screwed...
I love me a mexican dude
I love that I hardly drink anymore cuz when I do drink now it takes half the money it used to
whenever I spend a few days NOT looking at 's profile, I get like a heart attack. I cannot stay a few days away.
Dude, I was *this close* to getting that on my other arm!
call me maybe is on the radio(: lol hell yess
“: Follow and you WON'T regret it! :)”ok, will do, Chel. I'm 's fun loving alter ego.
:) I've felt the need.
I'm going to tongue punch your fart box!
Drinking our vodka! (We remove all congeners/fusel oils/methanol etc. from our vodka which means no hangovers)
The Sen Resolution adopting May 9 (yesterday) as the 30th Annual California Day of the Teacher was approved unanimously, without objection.
Come on HEAT! Please step up!
Ha! Great post. Made me giggle out loud. Thanks. :-)
i'm a little worried about what "doesn't smell like " means
"Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much.."
Made the cheer squad , oh yeah . ♥
Kameron Loe into the game after Zack Greinke catches the hook; those 3 runs weren't enough, I'm thrilled to have been wrong
Quote of the night at the Korn concert: "Hows the weed club?"
Ah i swear if it's not one thing it's certainly another.
Serena Williams continues to keep her misstep from this past weekend in the news with every new statement she issues.
I'M MISSING AMERICAN DAD. WHAT THE HELL. AND I STILL DIDN'T DO MY HISTORY. OH NOO.
im movin to ohio oh i gtg luv u bye
My nigga love me like Pussy, Money, Weed
But I don't wanna get up. The plus side..... Breakfast. Yes food and the comfort of coffee
Ok #MIB2 was pointless so why make a #MIB3?!?
Try not laughing, but when you think somethings funny say "Hah hah" without laughing.
30 minutes to blues show at Universal
When people tell me i'm pretty i get so so happy <3 (':
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
Happy, happy Birthday to our very dear friend and a wonderful person ! Have an amazing day! XO
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. - Franz Kafka
Crack cocaine is NOT a prescription drug!
RT : We're counting down...about 3 hours left for #pcf10. Sad day.
Who Put Lettuce in My Daffodils? - Wall Street Journal
In a new state ur willing to make a new story -
Tim Dillard should be sent down! All the way down.
R.I.P MCA. One of the greats was lost today
RT After all is said and done, a lot more is said than done.
Possible to shorten the hashtag for tomorrow and Sunday? Might encourage more twitter conversation.
“And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all...” RIP Maurice Sendak
Let's go Bring Back Ringer
“: I hope not alone!!” my dog will eat anything that tries to hurt me :)
RT : Bids with several s. My experience always get at least 3.
Nobody gives a shit if you sleeping naked 💩
*bowes head* ...prays
I hired Steven Young at Thinkstill - will let you know when I see finals
Do not call me dear friend! I ain't friends with LOOSERS and do urself a favor and be real and don't steal tweets from others..
should follow me :) your tweets describe my life!
$5 Bloody mary $4 Mimosa & $3 Beermosa. There is tons of stuff going down in Milwaukee stop by on your way and enjoy food and drink
celebrating happiness with us,happy world Health Day
Hay Festival 2012: between reality and dreams: What began as an idea in a kitchen 25 years ago is now an annual ..
Dont like reading long ass hash tags. We get what ur trying to say.
What's on tap for everyone tonight?
The Group by Mary McCarthy for book discussion on 2/18.
I wuv twitter
i was so happy to see you tweet about it, haha!!!! made me smile!
You have a skank personality to be honest. So no, i cant trust you.
And part 2 tonite at 8 RT : Anyone else watching the Clinton documentary on ? Great stuff!
Check out. W.first-sight.org
off to lunch with my fake grandparents who are in town for a few days. LOVE.
I wonder if it'll be the end of Western Civilization as we know it.
Sitting at Haskell's in Excelsior, MN after a day of fun out in the country!
Even though she's sexy, SJP just canNOT stay awake for sex
": If My Followers aren't Following Your losing out on Great Tweets!! Cheryl Rocks!!" Thought I was :(
At 's big data conference. Good turnout. Lots of laptops and tablets. And blackberries!
That might be the worst thing I've ever done on Twitter.
Conducting pre-flight before the pre-flight.
#TriSpringConf12 kicks off in one hour!
That Barbacoa taco hit the spot 👍
Just heard say that gay marriage should be up to churches. Well...in this country, you are married by the state, not church
hey just like mittens! The dog hater!
...and it's snowing.
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
RT or tweet me if your going to see #ONEDIRECTION on JUNE 29 in florida ! Please i need to know!!
stupid twitter wont follow back anyone what is wrong with this shiiittt.???!
I'll see your January and raise you December. ;-)
Wife and I are super-excited to see you tonight at the Parlor!
Take a moment! RT : Our good friends at United Way asked us to encourage our fans to take UW's Community Issues Survey, so...
YES omg Nfg is so good. and blink will forever be amazing.
Just cause im a raper that dont mean im trying to fuk every girl.Im just looking for that 1 woman i could give the world
Had a tour of the UCSD Burn Center with Dr. Bruce Potenza last night with the Board. Amazing work they are doing at UCSD
Just being transparent. - zach.
Gonna have a beer on stage at with and !
I need a Kentucky BADGIRL in my life. who wants to be ?
Yes. I tweeted about Seacrest. He has no business being on The Today Show. Like him keeping up with Kardashian's.
"What AV Products Can I Use?" Think I'm going to find out at
glad you enjoyed everything! beignets vs chocolate croissants is definitely the battle of the century, hope to see you back!
Gotta talk shit to the masses..But yo, when quiet..I know you working. So it's ALL good
oh yes, same here :)
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
the weeknd's new mix tape is called Thursday it will be coming out soon make sure yall check it out
pissed ain't word there's no excuses for this shit! There's no way in hell the bulls should Be loosing to Philly! Wtf
Sun night is the last show of this week! See , , , , and the cast KILL IT!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 87
I must be losing my mind. I am somehow en route to Wendy's. For frosties. (Breakfast was hours ago). It's 8 F-ing am! <--Sucka
back on the boards - did you miss me?
RT : Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
Thanks for being our newest followers , , , , + :)
Ain't it funny how a melody can bring back a memory
Y'all should come see a show at #Stage773 this weekend. So many cool shows! www.stage773.org
BLACK ON BLACK limited TEE from is BOSS
why dont they have a friggin wnba game out already? thats just retarded
RT : 4.28.1793: “I consider the people who constitute a society or nation as the source of all authority in that nation"...
Have you seen our new location? This friday we are having our Kusudama Beauty & Wellness party, a great time to check out or new place!
yes, amazing under-recognized British novelist. Hilary Mantel & Caleb Crain wrote intos to new editions!
COSIGN! C.OO.L RT : Still kinda wanna be Stephanie Zanoni when I grow up because she was so KEWL
Dennis Hoppers best lines, "I'll fuck anything that moves!" and "Heineken, fuck that shit, Pabst Blue Ribbon!"...too sad.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams on the right path they are the main team in the way of the repeating!
Where are our pictures from the baseball game?!
I hate humidity...ew
The poor Empire State center for the Book only has 14 followers on Facebook Please friend it on.fb.me/nZ7vNg
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away. Bil Keane
I'm still waiting for pitchers and catchers to report.
Congrats on the funding - good choice - beta code please ;)
For real???? All you have to do is push a button XD
Enjoy this sun Portland! Be safe, have fun, eat burritos.
The new bass sytem in my brothers car + the amount and intensity of the bass drum in atillas new album = happy me
A survey conducted by reveals an increase in optimism among #realestate agents about home values via
RT : "If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
Shit I forgot you all of a sudden disappeared of the face of earth .
I'm wondering how game-ready Dampier is...then again, he can't be any more offensively inept than Joel Anthony, or stiff as Big Z...
Note to kids - never go to a buffet with your dad and expect it to be quick
Clemson just had a 3rd and 49. hahaha, don't see that too often
RT if you know you sexy!!!
Want to win a #HarryPotter #DeathlyHallows DVD? Stick around and we'll tell you how you can get it free ! RT spread the word!
hey, do you have a link to some of your editing wok?
Enjoyed connecting w/ today; great & growing ag/aqua, green tech, next gen mfng, more in
obviously you don't! :D
“: No matter how much cash I sit with, still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.”
listen in right now to to win those tickets!
So excited, 3 new clients for our exclusive gift suite in California & Dubai!
Big East reportedly inviting Air Force. AF is in Colorado Springs, just 1800mi from eastern seaboard. That's putting the BIG in Big East.
That's a hook right thurrrr!! (j Cole voice)
But, you know, not right this second. It's only 8:36 PST. I'm not 90.
Make sure you use the symbol when you direct a message towards someone
New clothes Sunday!>>>>>
GOOD MORNING !!! Its a lil chilly in the Midwest but its still a wonderful day. Summertime is just around the corner....YEAH!!!!
OMG LOL I LOVE YOU CHRIS
Then he had to add his 2 cents in it lol
Thanks for the follow! We'll have to take the office out soon to get some ice cream sammies soon!
Hello, your dancing impresses me. Thank you for following kelsea Webb x for her birthday.
oh shit that wa a mental breakdown
what content do you teach? age of kids? how many classes?
I love my new cheetah hat !
Charles Barkley on SNL this weekend? Love that guy.
It's really unfortunate that I care about politics. Wish I could go back to the days of being apolitical.
There wasn't any #whores in Barbour County till you came along!
I have become comfortably numb
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would buy B-Dubs
- Thanks, Rebecca! Great to see you at SMA 2012!!
yes, haha. actually like an hour :-)
on my way
studying for Ohio driver test--done. watching Thunder Cats now.
because, in all honesty, there's not too many of us respectable women left.
Taylor Swift really got to him.
It's my personal magic potion when I need to code or really get something done.
Kentucky up 4
on pins & needles!
Yes, you the only one, who truly understand me. Thankyou so much, xo.
you'll do amazing. Can't wait to get a copy. Kisses.
I think so. I also told my friend who founded , and she's interested.
no need to email again, just DM me a good email address to reach you please :)
Reuters kindergarten student in Pa. had bags of heroin in school, handed them out. Parents asked to search their kids for drugs
Dude.... I am obsessed with corn hole and euchre. Am I actually from new jersey?!
Joyous! Duke loses to a #15 seed WITH home court advantage! LEHIGH ...salute!
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Followed by More Than A Feeling for #redemption RT Boot Scootin' Boogie on the organ at Miller Park. Worse than Gasolina.
You'll have to send me the location. I'm saving all these good suggestions. I went ahead and booked the B&B in Duluth- I'm giddy.
#3WordsForYou , Be My Man. 👌
Sharing Public Breakdowns: What We Can Learn From Jason Russell / Via / cc
get over to Chicago. I miss you man!
So true. Long hours needed to start a biz!
seems like providence has turned u out from the looks of your TL lol
oh well you dont download it, you just click select file then choose the pic u want
I would rather just take the test
Brewers beat Cardinals 3-2, avoid sweep - Columbus Telegram
I allow the energy of what I'm feeling to reveal what is blocking my alignment. I always have a choice to realign my thinking.
Off to a #norsled dog adoption fair
Sen Senjem says veto is slap in the face. He asks the gov to recover tax bill
Teachers and the Minneapolis School District have reached a tentative contract. Details with on
LOL, no. Stomach virus.
so I voted using my twitter. My last sent EXACTLY at 12:00 and counted!
God is making it alright right now!
Just wanted to pop in and say hi! ~Amber
Yes i think. :)
(AP) -- Government reports new case of mad cow disease in California; says meat, dairy supplies safe.
We are happy to announce that Oakland Arts Pittsburgh will be joining the Oakland Farmers Market on Friday August 26th from Noon--5 p.m.!
By keke big booty ass
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be"
Hey you. You're a nice guy. Put your shoes on. Hey you.
Someone come eat kalamatas with me. Anyone.
Recently finished Edgar winner THE LOCK ARTIST by Steve Hamilton. OMG good! Why didn't anyone tell me about you before?
Orientation On saturday cant wait (:
i guess we could have used one of them new fangled "direct messages" i've heard so much about.
Is Jeremy Lin the Knicks version of Kevin Maas (Yankees)?
I TOTALLY remember you! eek! ow have you been? are you still out in long beach?
i have a problem
RT : Beginning in May TWJ will offer book reviews. We're looking forward to pairing up readers with books they'll love!
Lebanese food with was the highlight of a busy foggy day.
Can you make introduction to ? Seski need date to the state ball on Feb. 14.
he's been rubbing down the balls for Brees.
She's in eighth grade and Shes short and has brown hair.
When looking at #homes, what are some must-have features you look for?
are you feeling better then this morning? if so you being hungry is a good sign :)
messing around with twitter and facebook- let's see if this works ...
Why is it that every guy I meet wants to talk about and have sex, seriously wtf?? Stop thinking with ur dick and blow the dust off ur brain
Aanother Duck fumble, but Oregon falls on the loose ball. Are the Beavers slicking it up with oil? Or do the Ducks just have butterfingers?
all i can say is wow. Hah.
I would've paid all the money in the world to see that!!!
according to page six!
After a long week, I like to go home, drink coconut water and count my money.
Hotel Cafe tonight to see only a few hours before his album drops. Score.
Love this RT from - "The sum of theology is grace; the sum of ethics is gratitude." - R.C. Sproul
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. Jim Rohn
RT : Steve James () shows "Harlan County USA" as "The Film That Changed my Life." 1:30 pm today,
Getting on the wrong bus in the city ... Only to have to wait 20 min for the right one
Hey may as well have somebody who comes cheap not hitting in the Nats outfield
we said and we ment it lets go see you Friday!
Odd that I'm willing to accept other people's faults, but not my own.
OMG that is wonderful!!!!!
yeah! "Can't Live Without You" by
that doesn't even make sense haha
Send your picture with you and or to !
whats your chips amount?
#strasburg has accounted for two more total bases than Phillies thus far...
Talking to one of my boys through Skype. Miss him and love him dearly. Hope to see him soon.
(voted/commented). EVERYONE in PR hugs! it's a running joke with me & my non-PR friends.
I need another one
Merry Christmas Everyone! May all your needs be taken care of.
Have you ever tried a cleanse before? What did you think of it? What were the cleanse details? Did you get good results?
not when our starters are playing their subs
ill be there 515 ish so we can still get there 530
robert kardashian's sleeve >>
thank you so much! i'll check it out, for sure.
Simple sugars are okay to have during and after workouts because they get broken down faster.
a little late for that, but thanks lol
Xavier ladies represent! #X is in the #sweetsixteen!
It's almost as if quality of closer isn't the best measure of a good team...
Patent Agent jobs available at Samsung R&D Center USA (San Jose, CA)
all i know anit nothing new under the sun lol
Heard repeatedly that EPA air rad monitoring crews were in Los Alamos. But Guardsmen, firefighters and I saw none of 'em.
What's everyone doing today?
hey everyone
26 days post starting w/ personal trainer down one clothing size and energy up drastically! Welcome new #fitness/life challenges!
Passed my driving test !
Wait, a pre-fly taco? In San Francisco?
I appreciate that!
aaaayyyyeee everybody follow her >>>> :))
A thousand years separates the earliest from the latest compositions of the Old Testament.
Really. How would U suggest changing someone's opinion?
"Hey, pardon me, can I invade your desk-fort? I can't find a place to study."
No dunking?
excellent grill master!
Don't worry I got your back
": that scenario reminds me of something.... Hm" Haha oddly familiar.
Lol ; So did something happen on SIU & Demi said something about it??
Talking with my wife :))
I can't sleep.
Cold has now turned into fever. Back at docs. Wish me luck!
probably going to be $30 per day
How do they serve alcoholic drinks on Italian cruise ships? - On the rocks
Imagine 4000 chemicals in one cigarette.
Keeping an eye out for it, thanks!
Wow, haven't been on Twitter in a while....kinda feels weird lol
I anticipate something pretty cool today B-)
Russell won world championships; can't say the same about Jordan.
you're really pretty :)
Really. Thank you. x!
And on a similar note, if there was a least valuable player award, it would go to T. Pritchard.
The #Foreverfly sightings continue!!
> What a spectacular conf. First time back to campus in about 18 years (1990 grad).
isn't it cool? My pallet is going on my wall proudly!!
I am so allergic to mosquitoes and they love biting me. My right elbow is swelled up.
is strongly vexed with our postal person, who continues to refuse to bring packages to the house I paid to have sent here. And now...
& should umm, ya know...come to...um.. Omaha, Nebraska..like..uhh...right now.....(:
Great to meet and chat with three world-class CMO's this week at #MarketMix!
unless its a reality show
How appropriate that "An Officer and a Gentleman" is on TV on my dad's bday. One of his fave all-time lines: "Why you eyeballin' me, boy?"
American Airlines cheated me out of a $300 ticket once.
Thanks Same To You..May God #Bless You In Every Way
Uhtred is getting a little old to be retaking Bebbanburg
Too bad has never witnessed it! - , have at my bday partay
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. Xenocrates
sluts these days.
Screw the haters!
Please tell him that hims dad say hi!
If this my homie from DC a wonderful shout out to you this morning I hear the sounds of #Victory. Would you get in contact w/me
Dying for a huge slice of chocolate cake!
Just checking up, how have you been?
Oh you, you win so many points!
Is it your birthday?
Days begin with hopes and ends with dreams. Everyday starts with some expectation but surely ends with some experience-that's life!
aw I've been missing LOTS! Need to re-watch it!
I wish The CW would have picked up Shelter.
All of this is not by chance 🙏
thanks for following Tony! :)
I'm going to call tomorrow and set up an appointment at a non-profit counseling center.
Not when thunder rocks you outta your slumber.
Make decisions based on what you know rather than what you feel.
Niggas and flies
Everyone needs a crazy friend. :)
When you find a true friend, never let them go.
Ooh, good timing on this review. I was just thinking of giving that book a try.
RT : Bet i could make it wetter 😏
As always, thanks for sharing the love. You're great!
Being social really screwed up my saving the galaxy schedule.
Randy Moss to NYJ???
Day 2 of 3, let's hope for the best...
Group text is never the best way to arrange a time to meet between 7 college students.
Great meeting, learning about robotics, art, chicha, theater archives, and more! Thanks for inviting us to present HERB!
This will not end well for you. Surrender now.
Looking forward to tonite's NYPhil CONTACT! at the Met Museum including Jay Alan Yim's greatly-titled neverthesamerivertwice
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
... There was cheesecake?!
cleaned out four months worth of empty diet coke bottles from behind my office door...they are no properly in a recycling bin.
Tardy thanks to for #FF; for RTs; and for conversation
Sun on it's way out, how did an IT giant fade...
Technology is crazy. Augmented reality apps and customizable Coke machines.
#ff that scene in Jurassic Park 2 where the little dinos eat that german dude
songwriting session last night. worked on 2 new songs (one had been written just hrs before). working titles: deserving & your new life
Love that ! My week has been great too! I'm ready though to get some rest now! Enjoy the rest of your evening!
really? What about Kobe or Wade?
Coral Park and its wanna be's. Smh
his re-raise wasn't a 'full' raise. since you already had an action in the hand, you cannot further raise here....
Will do!! OMG you should see the talent its crazy!!! We are beyond excited
The ending is equally unsatisfying. RT : The U.S. Tax Code is roughly 18 times longer than Moby-Dick.
is it a nice venue?
It feels like Friday.
Embedded doesn't have to mean physically in a dept. - can be mobile devices or any other way.
Scientists say we use only 10% of our brain. Imagine how much better the world would be if used the other 60%.
Feeling sleepy as I go through paperwork, what a cold day.
ONE DIRECTION ARE IN NYC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE FEELS?
Food truck find: About to partake of some goodness on a gorgeous SF day.
Don't feel like packing tonight...
goodman says tweeting is not nuanced enough and too fast for
hahah yes myspace,only bc thats where i have al those old pictures at. and i know theres seriously so many pictures of us
So suck on that, Economics 101. Suck. On. That.
2 more dates confirmed for the tour. So many things going great for me! :)
Mismatch tonight at softball. Mercy ruled a team 23 - 3 in the 3rd inning. Clearly, they had never played before.
“ It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb ☮
Good morning friends! Inspiration is on the way!
we've got a lot of new oysters in the floats. (From Dudley's lease)
On nat gas glut: Not factoring in volatility, u don't compare risky asset (gas) w/ riskless durable asset (renewable) on cost
So... Newt today? The altar boy? The underwear man? The loyal constitutionalist?
nevermind its closed now
Enjoy your lunch! RT : At Monicals! Yum
mirror mirror on the wall whos the realest of them all mirror mirror on the wall are you sure you see thru the beautiful flaws
Preview our new album!
what about tipsy? Cuz i like 2 get tipsy before talking to u gorgeous! Xoxo
With at General Assembly for #awesomenessUatGA learning how to think like an entrepreneur
Hurray MAVS! Got rid of Lamar Odom and we're on a winning streak! ;)
its gunna do nothing...
Even better! You, too!
Was that a DM?
#Ifihadthreewishes I'd wish for: World peace, cure hunger and disease and have queen of the world. What a world it would be.
Without going into detail on my family, nah bro... nah.
My problem with that is I get tired of carrying them around and end up throwing out then buying another LOL
Watching Alien. :) "That's not our system." "I know that."
Seriously this okc lal series is kind of evil vs. Pure evil.
keep us in mind, laundry belonging to beautiful ladies would be our niche for sure! We promise to leave no unwanted creases!
i can do cody simpson
This is my first tweet from heaven? It look's a lot like my bedroom.
I spent most of my adult life in one long term relationship. Now that we have gay marriage in NYC, I'm single. Go figure.
Still sleepy from going to bed at 3am(:
UI is really amazing across the demo'd products. Attention to detail, simplifying some complex functionality.
Ew well right now they hurt
Charlotte NC
Happy Valentines Day to all the babes in twitter land.
Download your copy of the Street Advocate by #ColeHart and help support the #juveniles and at risk
THANK YOU! *sigh of relief*
#OnSomeRealShit Wrap your shit up so you won't be wrapping diapers in the future
RT : Viewers watch raw video plus news video to learn more about stories.
thanks for the shout out!
TOMORROW IS MY B-DAY!!!! LOVING MY PRINCESS!!!
your fb ? No I don't !! Send it to me please !! I got now your other twitter :) I will follow you !!
how have u been!
When he has had a million chances to prove it but he messes it up on his own every time.
damn rain! Sounds nice regardless. Good backup plan!
RT : Best Life Tip Today : Put positive thoughts out there and hope things will work out!
blerg glad my whining was justified. luckily was there to buy me bandages and neosporin.
where did you get that greeting card?
I'll go with that. Maple Leafs fans are the Yankees/Red Sox fans of the NHL. They come into VC and get in my face.
Happy Hump Day #Chicago Calling Capricorns/Aquarians Book your Bday for Fri & Sat! DM for details!
Wishing there were a maximum allowable duration for any cold or flu. And they should not be allowed to span weekends. Just sayin'! Guh...
awe... You did such a great job!!!
Ay Dios, ugh. I wanted to go to the mall tomorrow but I have no ride. Damn, I need my license -_-
Generators. But then you have noise, and delta issues.
I have no school today yay!!!
BioShock infinite delayed until 2013. No!
YAY!(: haha. okay, so all you need to do is send me a pic of you holding a paper saying ...
Needs to get me a black guy
no bout the girls vibratin in the train!!!
I am in the process of updating EVERYTHING now that the album is done. New music, new photos, new website, new blog COMING SOON!
My city tells more stories then the bible told
Rest In Peace Mr. Don Cornelius of Soul Train a true American icon!
#TheRiver show is getting #intense by the second,
I'm pretty disturbed by it all. And WHHYYY???
Have a great night! And don't do anything wouldn't do.
What would you like to see normal Americans do to help to improve the economy and increase jobs?
After three hours of nitrous oxide and novacaine yesterday, I'm still feeling the effects. But not in the good way.
I grew up in the East to find at 40 a rich vocabulary of intense discrimination I used by rote. Took me a decade to unlearn.
haha hi(: what's up?
I know I don't know everything about sports but I know enough to back up what comes out of my mouth
I partied to hard.... lol
Heard at a meeting today that IVC is in danger of being shut down. Incredibly sad, amazing things could happen there. Wasted opportunities.
you should follow, cutie :)
Ha! I read your tweet and was expecting a little dog or flying monkeys. iPhone is much better. Enjoy!
my girlfriend is really sick. I hope she's alright and doesn't have the swine.
New icon <3
what r some of the dominant representations of black women explored in the hooks text? are some of them outdated? what can we add?
#NW White Chicks
Come on Eileen
I got Instagram!!! :D
Happy Monday everyone and thanks to all my new followers!
Nice to meet you! :) I live in Maryland! Fairly ish close to Canada?
Still in Sony hell this morning trying to get through to their service provider. 2 Hours and counting...
It must suck for Del Rio when his personal ring announcer Ricardo Rodriguez is more popular than him.
Wonder if I can squeeze in a pint with fellow Yorkshireman David Gedge of at the Chicago gig next month?
it's either "a homophobe" or "I'm homophobic" lol
Nature is God's greatest evangelist.
#HustlersWantAnswers because all of us are about to kick some Big Time Ass!
Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
I pressed the button because you pressed the button
Anybody go to Blackhawk that is a leader and a networker? I am looking for you!
I'm scared to ride a bike In the city. Legit saw a rider get hit by a bus.
Sounds like fun!
we bout to beat that ass
Thanks for the suggestions, I'll investigate tomorrow (bike is at work).
Doing wires right now to support a designer on a simple CMS site. Would be different if I was solo.
It's not a "special holiday message" when you send the same email to each of your million customers. In fact, it's just spam (or bacn).
one sentence at a time.
LOL oh its a great one. :P
seen your girl tweet nice you cook for her...
its going to be perfect as long the tornadoes stay away
We will be representing at the Madison Women's Expo today at the Alliant from 10am - 4pm. Stop by and say hello!
Now that grad school is coming to an end I am going to have to find a new reason to drink on week nights.
Hey, me too! ": I just got a GREAT dress today so if any guys wanna ask me out on a date, I'm now prepared.”
Who are you and what have you done with my brother?
ur welcome it must be really terrifyin i've never experienced a riot wit my own eyes
OMG U BETTER VISIT ME
the best idea after all :) haha lol
Just what this afternoon needed - is here for an Energy Break :-) yayyy
LA bound for some much needed R&R!
agreed. i'ld try re-installing the app before switching companies...i would hate to lose play lists.
is spending the night in Chicago with some of the bestest ladies ever.
Hammond is a fucking idiot.
REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY REPLAY
best game ever.
I am a little pencil in the hand of a writing God who is sending a love letter to the world. ~Mother Teresa
awesome game man! Should be a good series
I bought lettuce, olive oil, and chocolate. In that order.
I just cannot enjoy that which I have heard thus far. I'm open to non-sucky suggestions.
I have a few ppl on my mind tonight. Its hard to sleep when ur mind wont rest.
Good Morning --- Happy Easter (:
": Should we take our whole allotment of time on #1 pick?"< more proof that you don't know what you're doing
« How many #GrizzNation fans just said YES!»
"Twitter sucks" - me 4 months ago. "Boy this crow sure tastes good!" - me today.
Taking a break from Twitter. Not making any tweets today, including this one.
DEAD PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Waiting for the mobile apps session at #DCWEEKCore and looking at conference tweets on #grandstand. My tweet will be the 8,570th!
rude. I do what I want.
Another gloomy day in NY, at least its thursday
Crazy day! While doing a presentation on Social Media Mktg we lost power. Anyone hear about an explosion today in Irvine?
So, uh, where's that new #MacPro?
Tom Cruise in hot water! Will he still be the next Ethan Hunt on MI4?
dude. so good. think I'll have a bowl of it now. Or six.
enjoyed your #pinterest workshop at today - i'm following some of your boards now :-)
what happened?
Now watching #familyfeud with my main man
Let's Go Bucs!
They had an undergrad certificate way back in the day, but it died before I got here.
Dang! That's a menu your wanting there lol!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Enjoy your family and friends
I went to my brothers school and I saw my 6th grade teacher wow she is pregnant 4 months surprise.
hahaha hysterical. Love it.
A lil' late night run never hurt anybody...2 or 3 miles at least. Not much, but better than nothing...see ya in a few
I can't wait to be ashamed of what I do this weekend....
The piece I'm working on has changed so much that the title no longer works. Good titles are so hard to invent!
#LA warehouse party 4/21 from 11p-6a! RSVP 4 guest list. Everyone on guest list can join me on stage & b in next video
Named Tanner. And when she did it i started beating her up.... I have always been a bad kid
you always make me smile(: <3
Studies confirm. I don't much care for this footballess sunday.
possibly - nothing planned as of yet. How are things with you? Anything exciting in the pipeline?
Great day for New York basketball
Joined the iPhone world
have u ever noticed the best teachers arent sought after but rather they always find you? :)
Join THE SOCIAL SHOPPING REVOLUTION.
I try to hold my tongue when some people take COMPLETE ADVANTAGE of me because they are doing me a favor
We will be sure to take lots of pictures. :-)
Bullshit stream fuck the showcase I'm going to go play Civ IV everything hate
Nope, too fast for me
me too lol ok ima stop
I have no friends , don't want any either.
Congrats on his first call-up to the USMNT!
Hi Lauren, do u know where could we see the Sharks game in Houston tomorrow? RT : Playoff hockey is fun!
butt, you haven't noticed me, so how can you tell..? (; love you alex.
Dear Ryan O'Neal: Shut up. Sincerely, Everyone
WOAH WATCH OUT
Luckily for the Marlins Frank Francisco sucks just as much as Heath Bell.
Feels she's been playing a game of who's on first all day at work.
New rule: When forced into Sam's Club by mother, acknowledge no one and pretend you are there by mistake.
DailyHookahTip#95: Don't poke many holes on the outside edge of the foil, or else too much smoke-less air will come through.
haha but its kinda pretty!!!
what a great article, my friend! So happy for you!:)
Oklahoma St. Has never heard of a QB spyq
They can all kiss my WHITE ASS !!!
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH AND GUESS WHO'S PLAYING JASON???
I like you
Go and ]Follow for 100 new followers
Guess what ..... nothing ! hahahahha !
no hate
is my little sister(:
Need to download a book for the Kindle for my flight to #sxsw - suggestions welcome!
#OWS Atlanta protestors crying and yelling "police brutality" while being calmly and politely arrested.
Please note that when I apologized, I bowed with extraordinary grace. That's gotta count for something.
.man! wtf do i wear ?! (-.-) im not even in the mood anymore.!
twitter not the same
My mom got my vegetarian sister a dress made of lamb leather
You are doing a great job Six!
Yes that was an earthquake! Did anyone feel it in Columbus?
#wna2012 Visit SPJ- Madison booth at WNA /AP convention Marriott West in Middleton
Ut Oh! Don't do it! Lol
why the fuck did that bitch give me a C
This could stand repeating: Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice! A San Su favorite!
Is it just me, or does Craig Counsell have zero bat speed? He's the new king of the blooper out to shortstop.
Ecstatic about playing w/ Nomadic @ Murphy's tonight in Boone, NC on 8/19/11. Come out and show us some Boone love!
Artists & arts professionals! Connect, Learn & Share Ideas at the #CreativeChiExpo on March 23 & 24 We will see you there!
Thanks for the follow Alyssa!
In my dream last night I was dating a dwarf who told me my boobies look really big in pictures but small in real life.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom! - Thanks for letting me suck your tit until I was 8.
Love seldom and trust never
Just got my phone back they did not do a good job....they want me to bring it back Monday rrrrrrgg
JOZY GREAT,performance this weekend NICE GOALS look forward to you smashing in goals against ITALY
amazing show last night in SF! They are more dynamic than any rock band I've EVER SEEN.
Does your law firm have a twitter account yet? Its a good idea to get yours now before someone takes your name!
i spelled waste wrong as hell in that tweet!
Thank you too everyone that is following me(:
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
This professor is French + has an accent. Makes risk + derivatives sound sexeeeeee oui oui!
get a job, wouldja?
JC CAN YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE COME TO SIX FLAGS TOMORROW IF U CAN JUST FOR A COUPLE HOURS I REALLY REALLY REALLY WANNA MEET YOU!
this world. Our value Systems are not = or do they make sense. People dont want the truth. and more $ doesnt make us better than others
When I woke up I thought of you.
Pretty cool how you always hate on people for grammar issues when you have flaws yourself.
Osama Bin Laden has been killed.
#qwest can you pick up the phone and call #Verizon???? Please turn my phone back on.
drum machines ain't got no soul
hahahahaha you're something else, something amazing though ;{) love you!
what's good fam seen u perform before at one of Yos shows I was supposed to perform at lol follow back fam
thank you for the #FF, John
cant wait for my big day!
Miss u already!
Really love this 20 pt lead. Keep it up #Buckeyes!
Don't miss tonight's show: Open Minded Mic and An Alternative to the Alternative.
Ugh! SO SORRY! I didn't message you!!! I feel like a jerk! But obviously we didn't make it to seattle. We took Julisa on a 45
Weapon X is retiring. One of my fave of all time!
Maybe is a lot of wonderful things...#Modesty DEFINITELY isn't one of them A bit of #Humility wld be good.
There's something cool about seeing the Washington Monument enshrouded in fog. Totally new perspective.
naked nap time 😉
Did you get it! :O
wow, thanks Brennin. That means so much comin from you! ;)
Ha! Poor guy ..
Madison's Steve Stricker has average 1st-round scoring average of 73.4 in the past 5 years Needs to change for him to win
Vicky - I have to admit your daily tweetpaper has a really interesting name... :p
well I could be wrong, is it written anywhere that they can't? They can be an author on a paper, why not review?
that Four Year Strong is coming over my beard is goin' to be in!haha!
The tag of unbreakable in dog toys does not apply to pit bulls... Cleaning up the insides of the unbreakable toy.
Yup! That's the show.
The best part about watching the penguins broadcast was seeing how bitter the announcers were
Oomf puts a smile on my face thanks 
The Hobbit often makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a production too.
I don't even know how many times I have listened to #SaySomethin <3
Have fun! send pictures!
highlight of my night.
Happy mother's day, lady! Hope you are spoiled and rewarded for your wisdom and kindness.
OMG that's the one :D
Kickball team = Tyrannosaurus Wrecks, hence Demetral is Jurassic Park, and I'm the mayor BOOM!
but why the road closures and racing #Amtrak police? “: All federal buildings, CNN, Gtown Law -- all evacuated.”
Fantastic day at Skintastic. What a joy to Fotofacial & laser the most wonderful ppl. for sundamage & hormonal pigmentaion. Come join us
Thank you booboo :-* have a good day too, don't get lost :o! Lol
Do you have a poem? Mine? #Phillis Wheatley's Imagination. Happy #poeminyourpocketday!
I bet she is really good
No problem! The two characters in the comic, I found to be super cute and had interesting personalities xD!
Today I'm hiding out the in yearbook office so I can get LOTS (hopefully) done. No one can bother me here :)
good luck
Stunt So Hard, Everybody Gotta Watch Me..
My bitch is in the closet
Me 2! RT if u don't eat perfectly (myself included) u may need vitamins to...I take calcium, D, omegas MVI
a stump has been dug into and it has a bottom
doesn't its trailer ruin CABIN IN THE WOODS too? I watched it the other day and was mad (I blame Hulu).
or the outcast.
Good luck this weekend! We will be there cheering you guys on tomorrow! #WGI :)
Here's To The Kids Who Listen to their music as loud as possible to drown out reality.
Thx Larry Williams for blog about #virtual #staging & referencng us! Congrats 2 u rankng TOP 25 #realtor teams n #Houston!
you made me a believer of why individuals need a coach. To achieve an excellence level in what they do!
Mathai I love her voice <3 you go girl , good performance (:
My god I'm glad I don't have your job.
#MLA lists format for how to cite tweets. Hey Chicago Manual of Style, where are you?
Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else there is Google.
Look out Miami - the are ready for you. See you Saturday!
I also want to incorporate the offer in our corporate eSignatures and a call-to-action in our blogs
I may be the first Minnesotan to eat an Asian carp. So how did it taste? KSTP-TV at 10pm.
Retweet For Shout Outs
Fire alarm goes off during exam...this is fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! and thanks for all you do for the community!
somebody just blew me on facebook....dumb people..literally
Eating my first this morning (Strawberries & Cream). Um, hi... delicious. Will be eating many more.
I really think there should be a daughters day.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
I tried this whole school with food poisoning stuff. Went to the nurse's office to lie down. She told me I looked terrible and sent me home
I didn't know played first base for Indy. Go
Today certainly wasn't fun last night on the other hand..
Happy Swirly Monday everyone! Let's make today and the rest of the work week a great one, shall we?!
Shout out to my mom for believing in me when everyone else had lost faith. When I make it, you get it all! Happy Mother's Day.
sorry to hear that I was real bad when my brother died but I came to learn he isn't gone he is always with me in my heart
Dig me up from under what is covering, The better part of me, Remind me that we'll always have each other, When everything else is gone
Anyone wanna hit up the driving range today? Gotta work that golf game
Likewise. What's good stranger? ;-)
local #crackcoffee it is!
yes, the custom program is only offered to those who have sent in postcards, but yes we are looking for testers.
I am too tired, even to tweets. Sorry guys I will tweet at you tommorrow. Have a peaceful night and sweet dreams!
what's the address
Defensive lineman that can rush the qb on a consistent basis.
SORRY I DON'T LIKE TO STARE...but how can you wear a tank top WITH A DIRTY ASS BRA??..straps all big hanging of ur shoulders #c'monSon
now there's an idea. Don't know why Mother Nature hates
Go Giants!!!
Can't wait to go buy #UnderTheMistletoe by , His new album super geeked! I freaking love justin bieber!
So cute!
RT What could you buy with a executive's salary?
Something comforting not recognizing anyone on the cover of gossip magazines
Web Hosting Talk: Book Cheap Flights To Any First-Rate Destination ...
Yes, having a lovely day, thx! You? Got book #4 off to final editors and taking a break before searching for reviewers.
Let the creativity never cease!
same here
Hate going to this Walmart -_-
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
Tomorrow head to the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference to meet Mary Kay Andrews as well as other great southern authors!
Totally. If you're ever bored, I wrote a paper during my 1st year on how these accounts are like specters that haunt our networks.
Alex and her youth group :)
My belly is still full of Firehouse subs. Mm... Thanks to and the !
Big prayers. #cancersucks :(
god i wanna go home already
Some of our coaches just choose plain old oatmeal with fruit.
hey there- i know someone who may fit the bill- can you follow me back and i will DM your their contact info
RT or Follow for your RNGeezies in Louisiana!! we LOVE you!:D
"You should send me a message in a bottle."
Amen brother!
Two songs down. One to go.
Phew...Almost done packing! I am very ready to be off to Arizona tomorrow morning!
It is fair to compare Bud (and prefer it) versus similarly brewed and marketed labels.
We've operated off a points system since 06 to avoid cheating. Like 1pt for a house, 5 for e-card, 10 with yrd sign.
#Applebee's has a delicious version of that!
Does anyone else remember when NBC was good at airing shows? No? Never mind then.
Every girl wants a guy that knows what he want and is smart enough to appreciate what he already has
On the way to Victoria!
WAIT WHAT?!
Holy Crapballs what an episode all of a sudden I am craving a rare ribeye!!
If you would have bet AGAINST all 4 of my "winning picks" yesterday, you would've won all 4 gms!
That moment when you get hyped when you have more than one notification on facebook and you see its just a stupid Event Invite.
Native Stock Pictures is available to photograph within any American Indian tribal community. We have lots of connections.
Screw per-calc.
Heh. RT : there/their/they're - What, seriously? This confuses you?
Carina <3 I'm so in love with you :D
Welcome aboard
Thanks for the follow.
I was at the metronomy show last night and a girl complained about a 4 dollar water with a #louisvuittonpurse. #shitushould not do with that
#nowplaying Meechy - Imma Rapper - artist that needs more recognition
WHO THE FUCK WOULD WANT TO LIVE IN KANSAS CITY!? ;)
The waters wear the stones.The Book of Job 14:19
HUGE,,,,50%OFF,,,,,,SALE going on in are stores call for more info or 561-748-8801
don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground.
Vice Prez of Global Design at GM is a Brotha AND he designs his own clothing line! Don Butler, head of Cadillac marketing is too!
So many birthday s/os lol
I saw that you will be presenting at #BookExpo. Sounds like a great session - good luck!
I need the refueling too, otherwise I will be dragging all afternoon.
the morning is a scary time to be awake in west nashville. s/o to my construction workers spookin' me.
seriously. Total buzzkill every time
Apparently the low battery ping on my computer is reason enough to go on a barking parade and thrust oneself repeatedly onto the glass door
was the order random? For the ten followers or was it in order?
you are my favorite sg in the NBA i think you should be starting
#nf YO MOTHER STRAIGHT INTO THE BEDROOM!
Twoo more weeks of school.
God Morning Madison, SMBMad regulars and newbies RT : Good morning #smbmad !
burne hogart. you rock my world.
at least it is friday and there might be some sun breaks today :)
thanks for the intro Marla. Where are u now Chris? We're moving to Quy Nhon in May to live. Can't wait.
Dude on a bike tried to sell everyone on our crew switchblades for $5. Love shooting movies in South Central.
damn u was FIERCE on dat hoop :D
I friking love u
Remember when I gave a fuck? No? Oh me either ;3
I think Sarah had one of her parties after the dance...what a mess haha
I'm so bored with people telling me how to do the future of libraries. GOT MY OWN THING NOW, thank you very much.
yes sir!!!
: guess what I bought tonight on iTunes? By my side! I love that song.keep up the wonderful work(:
Sweet dreams #smbmad land, see you bright and early at Memorial Union!
My mom got tanked and I wasn't even even there. First time she got tanked.
Oh How I love Friday!
TOO HYPE! WE'RE DEEP AND THE COMMERCIAL HASN'T EVEN PLAYED YET!!!!!!!
ok, showing my age. It's called Space Oddity. :-)
Haa whuu she took me off her top friends ....this bitch is stupeeed blasted SSKKKRRRRTT
the song of your body electric #whatwillyousellwhenallcontentisfree?
not romance. Normally I read books on program in or design... trying to branch out.
Committee of the Whole is about to begin. We will be voting on the budget.
How long before we see an Android-based Kindle device from Amazon? My spidey-sense is tingling.
HAHAHAHA we will be looking sexy hahaha
It's so hot in my apartment 🔥🔥🔥
RT : AH I LOVE IT!! I went there for the first time today and I must say I am now addicted;) /Awesome- thanks!
Good to see San Diego's first responders @ MM town council, RB last week. They don't get enough credit for what they do.
The Motto
Look within. Be still. Free from fear and attachment, know the sweet joy of living in the way. ~Buddha
NONONONO IM GOING AWAY.....
When you have cable & cant find something good to watch you get depressed. When you get depressed, you attend seminars.
Starting off Sunday with some fat dabs of Pure Kush Nectar!!!
Why aren't you Twitter verified if this is the real one? has 27,000 followers. How do I know it's fake?
Casting real siblings - boy 9-10 & girl 6 -7 caucasian....excellent pay....anyone fit the spec?
que paso ? ;o
- sorry about that! must have gotten lost in our email mountain. Can you resend your message to ? Thanks!
on the bright side, my calves are going to be toned and ill be super tanned.
Pairing Wine & Chocolate – Martin Ranch Winery
Companies need to developed a policy that encompass social media
I didn't get to take a nap
Watching #EmpireRecords extended edition... its strange but it's not nearly as good as the shorter version.
It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to book your transportation with Integrity!
this Guy should be followed by stalkers jealous babydaddies and out of work mimes
Mom: Oh my scrotum hurts (when referring to her hamstring... Don't ask how that makes sense!)
also, im completely okay with this being a spoiler, that guy in the cloak, that's Meryl isn't it?
Tip #2. Eat a variety of foods. Your body needs nutrients and many different vitamins and minerals from a variety of foods.
Ur all heart.....all heart! But the CDB app is still da bomb - everyone needs to get it! (shameless Sunday plug for ya!)
wow, that is something! Winter here in Chicago has not been colder than 30. March will be interesting.
I'm going to a #Titanic dinner 4/12 #Titanic Trivia: Walter Lord, author of A Night to Remember, P'39
Looks like all the #Saints players will appeal their bounty punishments. But with those appeals going back to Goodell, you can't expect much
MT : "Happy Emancipation Day in D.C. (4/16/1862) ...Centuries of unpaid labor. Taxation w/o representation today."
VETERANS DAY SALE! 50 OFF ALL GIFTS!
": Flipping burgers w/ a license plate. #tailgateproblems #skcgameday #ibelievethatwewillwin"
Yes, and it was very very good. A good study break, I'd say.
yea got ya. Just was wondering if that was the one being referred to.
thanks its call back trial but will see if I get the full contract! Right now though focusing on sports!!!
#LegallyBlondetheMusical NEXT YEAR BABY.
That is ridiculousness
Oh, no, you diiin't, Don!
The Bacchae, Shepherds Plays, La Celestina, Bartholemew Fair, The Seagull, Angels in America.... What else?
the sweeps already ended it says
...yes. I'll double check but yes hahaha
“: Just announced next season's speakers! President Bill Clinton, Steven Spielberg and Doris Kearns Goodwin, Dr. Jane Goodall.
Tweet me?
Never trust a man who takes a name like 'Kenneth' and turns it into 'Kenny'
never had that problem with any of my devices. Look at SquareTrade for breakage insurance. new Applecare handles iPad accidents
3pm is tight for us and the start of dinner rush. We are available earlier in the day.
Just because YOU wear labels doesn't mean YOU can afford them. We both know, so stop fronting! FOH
Who's Your Daddy Badger?! #Wisconsin, that's who!
The Scream painting freaks me out.
Can't say with any certainty at this time. But I will throw one hell of a party when it comes out.
honey someones got to get you out of the house! its friday nite!
still. U never know...and that is scary. Will persevere through the uncertainty when it is time. Hope insurance covers a lot.
Skateboarding and swimming
lesbiii real here. Your boys suck.
I got my package today! I think I'll make an 'unboxing' video.
Holy faculty procrastination, Batman! Paper due for an important journal next week, and you want me to do your lit review now?
Good Morning :)
Today is the day Marquette and IU both move on to the Sweet 16! Bring on tip off!
me 2.... U R really kind...and talk to me tomorrow okay..bye ☺😊
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms and especially those in the Statewide Family
Good luck to all the teams remaining in the GFL playoffs. Look for a new Rage website and new talented, focused players this offseason.
If You think I'm ugly, Unfollow Me. If you think I'm cute Retweet this. If You Have A Crush On Me Send Me A <3
South street is the place to be tonight!! DOUBLE V BOOKINGS presents Imbala & Enstride w/Surgeon,Honor & Shot into the Sun at the TLA 7pm!
Headed to the Carlos Museum at Emory University to see the Egyptian mummies.
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #personal because...
Zero motivation- anyone have some I can borrow?
Happy #EarthDay! Do your part to help the environment.
1 Peter 2:12 Honor and serve God everywhere you go. Don’t be a hypocrite outside of the sanctuary and react to situations out of anger.
ok! Just let me know :)
Camp all weekend with !(:
My mom just took my stiches out. i feel okay now i quess.
Calling all Dallas Ft Worth - Mortgage Industry Professionals check out www.therecruitingfirm.net
finally listening to Skyscraper #chills :')
HAHAHAHAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST READ.
YES! Party Zeit!
HOPE YOU FOLLOW...
Seeking #RubyonRails Developers for contract-to-hire positions. Contact me at .
heh, I have the books on iBooks but have been dragging my heels to read'em--was hard enough watching the Lannisters on the show!
man it's late
I value thinking over all angles and perspectives. I value seeing what criticisms are accurate-- of the system and our society.
Listening to throwback Drake songs, because I have nothing else better to do on my Friday night. 👍
My magic brings Voldemort to the yard, and I'm like it's hurting my scar. Damn right, it hurts my scar. You can touch it, ouch not too hard.
I am but not to want a man who is already married. Kinda not cool! Great musician though!
can't stop watching 's Houdini video. the dancing is too adorable
gotta get down on fridaay
i believe u the good one when it comes to us 4 im good too but the other two not so sure abaut lol
Welcome to our twitter world: , , &
Drive is showing at the Majestic. Wanna see it this weekend? LMK
I know I should write but I feel like sleeping.
Is the new it word "activiate"? People talking about "activating" SD bay, "activating" an artwork, "activating" their potential...
RT : Photo: Congratulations Hillary Richerson! This is an exciting time for both the faculty of The Dance Center/congrats!
Hello to our new followers!!!
DailyHookahTip#62: Don't light quick-start #coals on the #hookah, light it on the stove to prevent undesirable tastes from your
not long bcuz im about to leave & say fuck it & call him
Back to NY thursday. Can't decide if I'm happy to go back or sad to leave.
I just don't get twitter ... I'm trying peeps forgive me if I been boring lol follow me still tho lol cause it's cool !
Holy Sunshine. 79 today Portland. Can you believe it! What are you doing out in the sun today?
Watching NFL Today and saw group of Texans fans supporting their team in Baltimore. Love seeing that! Love Houston sports fans!
I will try 21:55 is my best so I may be a little greedy haha. But I've been training so we will see
Paul's Boutique = freshman year college. Thanks, Adam.
#lcd Peerless PLA60 LCD TV Mount
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I wanna go home
Breaking News Check Out My Splash
Hey Neema how are you ? Heard the premier of your last movie was great !
Yep im sleepy, time to take a nap...wait im still at work....:-P oh well, a nap it is
Gottlieb picks UW and MU to lose...what else is new?
oh dear..... know you're mad again.... here, imma go hied somewhere in russia while you rage at errybody.
i wish i could walk around like the
It's interesting when when you realize that something bothers you far more than you would have thought. Makes you question what's behind it.
Anything>Anything
Night shift starts now. Night shift viewing is THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS.
Looking for a place to host your birthday, bachelorette, or private party this weekend? Email
I wear Adidas, I wear Nike at the same damn time... Lol
what are you talking about? That is gross, junk basketball...
Looks like there is going to be a great turn out for the Hopkins Football "Happy Hour" in NYC tomorrow night.
RT Not sure I can fit more on to this already overflowing plate...
draw each other with condiments on a table
haha that's a shocker ;) I remember when you were too cool to tweet. Now you're even cooler for tweeting.
We utilize an outsourced security company to keep your freight safe around the clock at our distribution centers
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! No mercy Mike Accursi gets his first of the night with assists going to Jamieson and Point.
Somebody put Show down. It's over. This sucks.
Jessi: Why does this shoe fit wierd? Me: jessi its on the wrong foot...
Almost time ta do barber competition,time ta back my Big Mouth!!!!!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected by #cancer help
follow 4 a Follow
I was so sad thay you deleted your videos and now there nack woth more views then ever! So happy and proud #ProudOfAustin <3 :) RT this?
Whew,just finished my book proposal- equal parts pain & redemption.Reminds me that u must go through good Friday to revel in Easter Sunday.
Thank you & O for the espresso and visit.
Hey! Thanks for the follow! Tally Bound right?
More importantly, how does he still get hitters out with a low 80s fastball? He's an athletic marvel
Both, I did that too for a while
I think I'm gonna watch all Madonna tours
Becky Griffin speaking now at Harvard Israel conference Herzl Talks.
#FF and thanks! to new followers -Have a great weekend!
walt keeps getting parking tickets for not moving his truck.
One thing I don't do is play with peoples feelins ...!
Yes! I want cupcakes. I'm down for whenever too. Haha.
You're gay.
JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound whipped the crowd into a soul-induced frenzy. Rare to see an audience at the Black Cat so engaged and joyful.
40 minutes left of class and my coffee and snacks almost gone #fml 😒
i swear #whitechicks is the stupidest movie.. but its really funny!!
no kidding! I wanted 1 bar of ivory to make detergent but couldn't find anything but a huge pack.
yea I have it
Check the stats my tweets winning..
#20ThingsAboutMe I dislike with a passion Lil Wayne
I need costume ideas for Halloween..
"the new x" = new way of say "post-x" without sounding passé?
Join us after 6pm ~ We are offering 1/2 price bottles of wine.
Teenage girls I know how you can loose 10 pounds....take off your make up.
I've drank AT LEAST a gallon of sangria since this vacation began. I would call that a success.
*quietly removes Dialog from resume* (what? my prof assured us it demonstrated some kind of skill or another.)
who's coming to #CLE on fri ? oh yea, is spinning at !!!
If a boy has dimples it immediately makes them so much more attractive
me too! <3
