First portion of the question notwithstanding... Impossible to tell without being there (& even then'd be difficult) (cont)
Can't miss #Kissmas ! ": tease, haha. :D if I was there I'd help with the cause!"
Dr: you need to stop gymnastics. he leaves, mother: that is not an option me: i hate you
. Does attention monitoring lead to reduction of time online? Should we be on stricted media diets?
Kim Kardashian's marriage was shorter than the line of trick-or-treaters outside of Casey Anthony's house.
wanted must feel lonely, they have no bandmance with no one.
it does for sure. plus when its pioneers like Don :-/
If my name was Robert, I would introduce myself as "I, Robert" to everyone. Sadly, my name's not Robert.
Spread the word Reji Lefluer is human after all ...
Rainy cloudy Mondays should not be in existence
your Tom Jones performance solidified your badassery. That perch is the best for people watching
LOL! I clicked on the list And laughed when it said "not really Europeans" lmao
THIS FRIDAY we are direct support for RVA locals and Nat. Recording Artist live at Breakers Southside!
I see you court side baby boy #MEMPHIS SHIT
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
I just buy songs off itunes now that Limewire shutdown. Need to find a way to the get them for free again
Apr 29, 1952: Churchill's daughter, Sarah, unveiled a plague at the birthplace of his mother at 426 Henry St., Brooklyn, NY.
I recently overheard a man inform a young lady that he was going to decorate her face like a birthday cake later on, truly love most pure.
A riot is the language of the unheard -- Martin Luther King, Jr.
They going for the LOW cause peeps didn't even go 2nite. Smh Bulls playoff tickets for the low hmm i dont mind if i do lol
Hell Yeah !
RT : #diversityintheworkplace, Why should supervisors be concerned with diversity in the workplace? -...
Congrats to Grub Literary Council member Andre Dubus I on being nominated for an Indies Choice Award for Townie. Yay.
Just Hope the time will come when people will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men. Go Vegan!!
Its going to be a great day at Bodhi Body! Come in today for a Nutritional IV Therapy at 3pm and receive $25 off!
I want to wish good luck on her history final! You'll do great! 😘❤
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deep-fried butter & ! They're all at this yrs - Win tix at 7:30 w/
Good morning to you too.... although I'm still awake from the day before. Do you wake up this early?!
My snap back is a "bubba gump shrim" from the thrift store.
Glad you enjoyed!
i love to eat mangos dont you
apparently 67 degrees is a normal temperature for my house.
Safety Safety Safety Safety #Dryden #Dryden!! Safety Safety Safety Safety #dryden #dryden- ---
I wonder what goes through his mind when he sees us peeing in his water bowl. ~Penny Ward Moser
thanks for the RT.
why does it take so long to process orders???
heard that!!!
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
okay that's seriously not funny! She is so weird
"what're you doing?" "touching your nose with my nose." ❤❤
I took to Philadelphia many times from Buffalo
- and getting work done on Today Show (to celebrate your birthday)! Definitely a must watch!
#lifewaseasybefore I became a grown up...sometimes I get jealous of peter pan and the boys
Sometimes I wish I had gone to grad school.
have to be followed also for DM
Chris Paul is just amazing.
yeah very sad :(
They're out to make money, not to protect people. Try googling "Michael Chertoff backscatter."
happy late B-day bro
still irritated, tired & hungry again. :(
Bout to go meet up with this lady to show me the inside of this two bedroom house...
Bring it!
if the #Chiefs keep this up we'll still be in the running for
Them fightin' words.
It is so hard to say a Heart Felt Thank you in 140 words. We are BLOWN AWAY!! 877+ Hits in 2 weeks WOW!!! WOW!!! THANK YOU!!! THANK YOU!
Thank you! Every tweet helps the cause!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Welcome back to school NYC!
RT : RT : It's really hard not talking to the person you used to talk every day.
weatherman Byron Miranda dropped a "real deal Holyfield" during tonight's 6:00 broadcast. Wonder how many people got it.
I've been on the strictest diet ever & these workout Joshua has been teaching me > 👍
kill ya self
Do you ever catch yourself walking like just a complete retard?
why are you so perfect?
i'm sort of doing the same. i'm in downtown philly. nite life is good down here. people watchin is a good thing for me
Be careful of developing a pattern of quitting. A man is not finished when he is defeated, he is finished when he quits.
Thanks Bro Apreciate It
One day, far far far into the future, I'm naming my kid Brooks..because I can.
rough day?
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.
& all of us RT : Forgot to mention, and the Boston Pops say hello! :-)
watching Longhorns struggling with Colo but just pulled ahead
Im desperate for a good job!
All men of action are dreamers.
i love rubios but i sure wish it was still locally owned
does king have on a superman wristband?
I find if I've been to a theme park more than once, take one trip and look for all those little things that make the park unique
Thanks for the retweet Chris!
I told my girls you can get it
HAHAHHAHA oh defiantly 
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it in your personality.😏
New followers, wussssssup?!!!!
Today I led well
you have no excuse to skip that! cc/
I had a feeling that you and Vivian would get along.
call me!!! <3 please c: lol
i dont want to get out of bed but i do want to record...
everyone make sure you support good music! This is hiphop I'm a fan from beginning to retirement!!!
“: Probably the Vernon Nash Antique Car Club out of Fairbanks.” One of them was the "Radio Flyer" car from Anchorage.
seeing you guys always makes me so happy :D
when are you done with college?
This weather is def Tricky... 1st im July the 10th in Philly Dressed, then suddenly i come out of the store&i need 2b Nov 8th Dressed
Been doing my squats getting good results😉😄 aha
Manny-you've been great this year! Don't give up on twitter because of a few bad apples.
Time for the morning drive... 210 here I come...
of course :)
yes we have growler smack down every Tuesday
hm a butler in a speedo... Sessy :)
Miss you HEAPS!
He's right RT : The real reason Luke blew up the Death Star was because he was mad he never got to celebrate Mother's Day.
#onlyskinnyppl wear platinum fubu wit Muhammad ali on it
just out of curiosity what do you guys consider a yr supply of condoms is. ( how many)?
whoops! try it now :)
": Get me out of this place before i cause more damage"
no matter what you think you are not the ugliest in 1D! no one in 1D is ugly! espicially you! stop putting yourself down! <3
lol i guess so. We the party group
dah challenge. facial mask. fruit salad.
Open house tonight at VT's new school
is this for me ?
like legit ? or just someone over 21? lol
back people
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can do MAPS and help many people in the process!
Hans Margolius~ Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
sorry for most of the shitty television on now a days.
"Home is where the Taco Bell is." - My hungry mom who just bought us Taco Bell :D
he can't stand up with out getting dizzy he can't feel his legs and can't keep food down.....
Hi Heidi Which boot camp do you go to? Rebecca I and Kaden are having a wonderful Easter weekend too. Happy Easter to the Prettys
Right now, more than anything, this country needs us to commit to each other. I <3 u ok? I <3 u alot. We have Obama's support
ouch! Sorry
I'm tired of the cold...always it's so cold here.
that was a good..lol but seriously go and tell me how it is?
Agreed. It's an "enforced" norm.
You are amazing on Fashion Police. I cry every week from laughter. Thank you.
can u pretty please check ur dms?
Bout time to kill a math test
just retweeted by , This morning's Absolutely Awesome!!:))
youtube just suggested shakira for a tag on one of my videos.
Happy V Day to you too hunny! Miss you!
YES. hahaha. even though i'm like 7 months younger than him. lolol.
Can't wait for all the right-winged nutters to see that is actually a decent guy and always has been!
Happy mothers day mommy! I love you tons and in my world you're one of the best women alive. I LOVE YOU! 😘
Thanks! I'd vetoed Seesmic bc there was no New Followers column. Now, that's no longer in Tweetdeck either, so I'll revist.
Wonderful piece, I just had those same thoughts in the midst of all this IPO frenzy... stay hungry, humble, and healthy!
Thanks for the #FF!
Wow sweet slide from Carlos Gomez! The Brewers continue to play small ball. Up 2-0 in 1st at Wrigley.
The legacy of the #ANC is the legacy of the people of #South Africa and supporters across the globe!
I was there via old fashioned TV. Bubba did hit an amazing shot to win the Masters.
Game of Thrones and Mad Men - best night of TV.
who is it?!
You've made the same mistakes. How could I trust you again, knowing you will do the same things over.
A busy week ahead. Thanks for all my new followers who will give me the inspiration I need to reach my goals.
Wherever you go to college, I'm sure they'll have a table. "WANT TO SECRETLY RULE THE WORLD? Come to our meeting in Room 220!"
Nice sunny day
Interview #1 down &
I'm so excited for 's new album!!
Lets go Dallas.No matter how much y'all choke,I still love my Dallas Cowboys
how does Wed. April 4th look for you? Text ur cell to 323.481.1161 and I will send details.
Looking for an AC, AE and AS for travel accounts. Please send resumes to
This shit cray!! Learn how to ref
Guys dont deserve what they have in front of them .Is time to move on i deserve better!
well i think i'll shut down early tonite world ... just wasnt my time .
RT Also sorry world for posting so dark a photo. That stack of red books is 's Ivyland.
what? It's gloomy? I need sunshine and heat!!!!
#gwu talking now about GW libraries and web archiving
There is no scientific consensus of a list of the human races, and few anthropologists endorse the notion of human race
well technically ull be raping a lil boy..even tho he did it
nicole is "sexy blooded"
- Who's the staff twitterer? The twiteree? Hi! I, now un-, I mean, self-employed, am back into twitting. - Cheryl Y.
Great times, indeed. Thanks for coming out last night
Time to watch the #SheenRoast!
digging the new look over at BBK!
I'm just tryna make it easier for you babe.
Women will be go
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex music disrupts Beck's train of thought.
Really guy a long sleeve T? Ya know its Fla in May right?
I like that one
Desmond got off to a great start this season but cooled off. I'd like to see what happens if Harper led off.
Happy birthday from all of us at Simon Jones!
"Keep your canadian close.." LMAO, DALIA I LOVE YOU.
yes let's have lunch one day this week
I missed Thor too, but the Avengers was so much fun that I plan to go back and watch it.
We'll put it on our list! My daughter & I are both big fans :)
Right? Holy hell! What's wrong w/him!!
Jus so sad rite now...
Cancelled classes for tomorrow. My students are very openly concerned (and knowledgeable about food poisoning) in their responses.
Who's watching? RT : An all-new episode of #Chopped premieres tonight at 10p|9c. RT if you're watching!
to B clear, I don't mean 2 excuse ill-informed generalizations about the NC population. Those r wrong and undeserved
These cupcakes are gonna be good
#GMIC making a big push for doing online registration as part of your #green #meetings strategy. easy! use !
Am I the only one super excited about TRUE BLOOD tonight?! :)
I went to a novela casting they love me. But they said I don't speak Mexican Spanish. what to my knowledge there only one Spanish they she…
(also cyberbullying is something some take very seriously...as long as you don't think it's weird they don't just call it bullying)
I am def checking out that book. Mary Hemingway spent a weekend in our guest room recovering from her book tour, btw.
i got my sperrys n im ready for the boat all summer now
Life sucks, then you die.
Big night tonight! Both of our fave CBB teams are playing in semis at the same time.
oh you just say the word and I am SO there. Obviously.
How do you do #taconight? Let us know your fave toppings!!
hello there!
you had enough pizza the other night! Lol, 9 pieces? Love you Dylan! (:
Ice so ya latte yes badly need to wake up people
We should go Saturday with Molly and JJ!
Did I not tell you? Oh man. Last week was killer. I'll DM you.
ooohhhhh ya :D
wasssssuppppppp! (scream from scary movie voice)
Bacteria and Fungi
Absolutely! In fact, it is encouraged!
☼ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
aye your hawt
That's precious. Love you both!
" #DirectionersAreDisrespectful " I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 2-3 irrelevant asses..
Lobby is clearing out now, individual speakers to begin in minutes on 6th floor. Stay tuned!
Looking for a Business Analyst to work on a project in Rochester, NY. If you have Sales or Order Management please send me a message. Wil…
For Sale sign goes up tomorrow.......
lol I'm trying.. how are u
#FindSomeoneWho is compatible to you in every way...it makes life easier💏
ok Nevermind the messaging is acting retarted 561-633-6944 text me so I can save your number #Dale ;)
More event details at www.liverosedale.com! Smoothies, food, music, balloon art and more at The Resort at Rosedale! Follow the signs to fun!
“: I hate only wanting to talk to one person an everyone but them texts u”
10 bonus points to whoever can tell me the movie "Karl Hungus" is from.
Just found out my sister is expecting a baby boy! Can't wait to buy him lots of gear.
Got any good classes coming up I can borrow from? :)
Congrats to my dude for making the #DWTS finals. Bring that crystal ball home, Driver!
I think he's an honorable mention along with Konstatine Koltsov.
Ima good ass gf! I already kno... do u?
Happy Birthday to my mama! Breakfast in bed, and hitting up TI pool ☺
fruit punch is my fav.
I will be happy when the rest of the world is back to work...it saves me from being a serial stalker on Facebook! Lol
I'm starting to think that will never be able to drive.
#ANYTHING Interesting Happening Today Besides #SecretLife Tonight??
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Dental Floss and most oral care products.
"Mama, I hear flowers in the music" - my 3yr.old's description of classical music playing while driving to day care.
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
When can i put it n ur hands? I like 2 c the people that wear PoPRoC Gear! Let me know ur local BMORE OR DC?
i just clicked on a wonky spam link, do i have to like change my password now or some crap?
yea it is :) i wish i still lived on Oahu :( i wud so meet up with you....o and btw try stand up paddling its super fun :D
as in former MU star? I was his #1 fan my frosh year :-)
Lauren is going to beat me up now 
Why? Everything all right?
Total papers to grade this semester: 156. 152 left!
Had an hour long massage, now sitting by the pool in #NOLA before party tonight
It's going to be a night you'll never forget! Thanks for using ShowClix have an amazing time :)
We're back baby! Spread the word. Retweet this
Fuck it, school can wait til tomorrow
I'll do my run at the same time (on the Chicago lakefront instead of Indy) Of.. that means 6:30am CST..we'll see..
If a guy orders a Sausage Party pizza from - the girl taking the order will snicker.
I'm thinking so, yeah. What time is game? Deaks sounds fine.
How can libraries support a 'just because' society -just because I want it ? ~Helene Blowers
don't understand why my i've developed this insomnia. at least i won't need to adjust back to NY time with this sleep schedule.
I will tell a everyone
I hear ya. If somebody says there a #Raiders fan then I follow them no matter how much they tweet Some may be working but most do
you know, he ad-libbed the line about 'tears in rain' -- and it's the best line!
"I Love Him !
what are you watching
iight finals comin up so ben n tha library
ha thnk u very much
workin on it! some of the "necessary" people went on vacation for a few days :/
You think we need one more? Yeah you think we need one more....
I think knows why im burger famous now
I will in a few(: but anyways how was everyone's day today?!
I intellectualize all the time. I'm doing it right now.
When should something be ended when you know it is wrong but you can't go without it?
It will and you going to be like oh my gosh it is AMAZING!
I do to
"Happy Leap Day" do something #amazing for someone else ! What are you gonna do with you #extra day?
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
Thanks for the follow, Jori
you're welcome :)
just finished watching #thevampirediaries and my mind is blown.
#thingsifindattractive someone who has their shit together !
So true! RT A6 Create evirmnt that supports Mktrs improving skills, planning + balance that w/measuring execution results
Some fans the #Caps have. Triple OT and a bunch of empty seats visible in the lower bowl. Fill those seats !!
watching Group Love - who walked out to Kanye's Monster. Nice.
What my job is: Pie Taster >:) What was my goal: I`m thinking
Thanks so much! Miss you boo boo.
Travis! Travis!
haha! I'd love to know what you find out.
I'm in bed but my eyes won't shut
My 1st mother's day is coming up!
Gettin a new tat soon just need to decide where on me I want it
I feel so awkward right now.
do you have any wave invites?
. is hiring a Strategy Director. Send me a note for more info.
#CharlotteRusse just made my day! Two new dresses & a shirt for $25! And it was 5 cent for shipping(:
I know that kid. :)
taking my mom to sullies for #MothersDay 'cause she has work…… nomnomnoom
Yahoo Purchases it is the best place for conducting the comparisons from Family Of room of the collections of furniture Armcha :-)
#dontbetardy Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait, that's what my mom did And I turned out great
"super slow-mo replay Amber!"
I've seen a few bogus empty emails recently too. Too me from me, I think. On umich.
Happy Birthday !<3 :D
you'd make more $ working for the dark side
we want to know idra's reasonn!!
drinking beer out of a coffee mug...sometimes you just have to improvise...
"in your 20s, you can get away with looking like a hot mess. In your thirties- not so much. People expect more of you." some sage
go to mine and zachs game.
Looks like I'm not having a summer. #Damn Summer school
thanks for the RT! What's up with you guys?
Tip on it.
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table. Come in and Visit!
Are you at Blink-182??
Ah! UA site still has you in the air. Was hoping you weren't out of fuel. The say you'll land at 10:06pm.
Know some1 who needs legal help? is coming Thurs 11am to
Why so we take so many math benchmarks? They're so annoying!
no it's just ugly :(
Yep. RT “: yep, that was the spot, was that name of the arcade in the Galleria?”
Passion Pineapple...the more the merrier!
I'm getting back in action now though! Gotta get this mess of a house sorted first... :P
RT Guys Cheat On Pretty Girls with Ugly Girls, Because Ugly Girls Are Willing To Do Everything A Pretty Girl Won't
look for new cast member John Verea. He might make you snap out of your stupor ;-)
Hahhahahahahahahaha I'm such a bitch I pissed a bunch of guys on myyearbook they thought i seriously wanted to get with a guy, bahaha
“: You guys got any on funny on field stories?”yea. TJ got kicked in his balls. And then punked out
iOS supports sharing highlights to Pinboard and Evernote, as well as twitter and Facebook
Watching Who Frame Roger Rabbit, yes it been that kind of day.
A smile is truly priceless. If a smile can make one happy then smile. Its worth every cent for a moment of happiness in one's life.
#LFC is playing in Baltimore on July 28!!! I was so excited, I did a big fist pump at the Doctor's office while my wife was giving blood!
world book night was a success! handed out 20 free copies of pattie smith's "just kids" to people at the game store & bars.
Do U Johnson Co IN idiots NOT realize thereIS more 2YOUR life than what goes on at OUR property? If we wanted U n our lives wewould reachout
Help! Site keeps timing out...can't even login currently.
This alopecia is making any sort of facial hair a real challenge.
Why do I torture myself by re-watching season 8 of Project Runway knowing that I really want to slap some fashion sense into Gretchen?
congrats you've won the Caboodles kit packed with great Johnson&Johnson product!
Happy birthday, beautiful! Have a great day.
THANKS SOO MUCH!!
oh the awkward years. I do debate removing those from Facebook sometimes
Thanks! Excited about the event and presentation - should be a really interesting event.
Prom tonight 😄
guess #oomf cant text backk now..
Oh, boo hiss on that!
TAKE 2 AH PLACE!
Thx RT : Congratulations! Keep up the good work serving #Mke. If I can help with your success in any way, let
I concur
good y
My 11:11 wish is you.
16 girls who date my uncle's wow way to keep it in the family!
My best friend got to have chocolate chip cookies and coke for breakfast. I was always so envious.
Come on D! Hold em'!
Hey thanks RT : Thanks for the Follow, great looking site, I like your style
i want to wait for the bus but it passes at 4 o:
Sounds dangerous. Watch your testicles!
LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC is the perfect spot for a TweetUp amongst you #dcfoodies ! Call 202.450.4824 to find out about our private room!
Thank you!! <3
Tonight! Heavy sole will be playing Tidballs in bowling Green,ky! If u are in the area.. Come out!
I'm ready
Reuters: House speaker Boehner told Obama he would not allow debt ceiling increase without "doing something serious about the debt"
I wont let anything deter me on this hectic humpday morning from making it to teach in Lil Haiti
I hate when people get mad over everything.....
I can NEVER watch abdc with my parents right -___-
Only love lets us see normal things in extraordinary way.
Goodnight Twitter! You probably won't be up and running when I wake up for Apple WWDC!
Cool pic! Is that a tea cup? :-)
Is there anything more impressive than what Josh Hamilton did last night (4 hr)?
RT : Excited for upcoming release iOS 5 Developer's Cookbook giving away 5 books retweet EOD to enter...
I find unexpected depth in his one-off SNL characters.
Dear God, please turn the heater off in california, 105 is too hot! #burningup #globalwarming?
Watch out! : P
at her funeral I wore my Ky getup that what she want mr to do so I know u mean it
How are you liking college life?
Anyone want to be shipped while I'm in art tweet me a number and your name ill give yow a last name :)
geez ari, sorry you find my gospel so offensive. Nothing but love for you.
At the car and bike show.......its crazy out here!
when are you moving ?
I need a ride to midway at 4:30 am. Can you help me out?
Try ginger ale and/or pepto if your tummy's still queasy. Or any caffeine free soda.
Waiting to go to theovies with they guys
God is Great and more than Worthy to be Praised! Remember...Success without God SUCKS!
And on to a second hole for the playoff
A belated one, lol
AMEN! It's the thought, no big deal-God don't like ugly!
Just saw some sunshine...!!!
Cmon I'm actually home tonight...shake it off and let's go
Reminds me of the Shaun Livingston injury.
I poured out some of my Big Gulp as a tribute
thank you and that is a great saying!!!
Joes in love with the mcdonalds girl
Wish I would have realized that. Would have sent to your rescue. (Or come myself.)
Correct but a tad too slow just as Hamilton was :)
oh yea, it's dinner parties and barbecues for my @ friends. First names better but Y not use FB?
Hope you're having a better day today!! :)
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
Export Stout, Jamie Bock, and our Schwarzbier are all on tap at the brewpub! Usher in Spring with these malty and tasty brews...
Thanks for the heads up, will look into it.
New York City has by far the best free swag. THE. BEST.
ITALIAN WEDDING SOUP, YUMZ!
Leave for Oklahoma in 2-3 hours. Should probs sleep. Night!
why did u get banned?
I love to see how girls dress once it gets a lil warm
just saw your headshots they look great! And yes that song is so good.
Wis. Assembly debate on budget has not yet started. Members are trickling in. People in gallery are singing "We Shall Overcome."
ha. I ran yesterday and had a few of them. No bikes on the sidewalk if you are over 12. ever!
Happy birthday ! You're old.
To God be the glory in every aspect of my life. I refuse to take the credit for God's Favor.
happy Sunday to you!! :-)
Great - will get that set up then.
We can't trust her #VickyScammerJ #SugaNSpiceScammer ( her old AIM name?)
I can't believe you actually just tweeted her that...GUURLLL lol #LOVEYA!
Im drunk and high at the same time drinkin champagne on a airplane
RT : BREAKING: Secret Service: 3 employees leave agency in wake of Colombia scandal; investigation ongoing
Count down to the Race - only 13 days! Do you have a favorite race tip?
RT: where is Curtis wade<--- idk I havent seen him
my name is in san Antonio tx w chop shop radio.I hope I can get 10min interview w u on the phone.let me know
Had a great night at the holiday party! Great people great time!
heck if i know! Lol.
Ha, f'sho. Who has two thumbs and started a conversation on a topic pretty well outside her own diss? This girl!
HAHA! I totally freaked out when idgie started doing it. apparently, i am that overanxious mom.
Is it weird to get hit on at Family Court? You don't fool me, lady. You're just another screaming match waiting to happen.
ha! Thanks, I have the thinkprogress version of that article bookmarked.
WORKIN ON A JOINT DO HE CAN GET HIS SING ON! BRUH SWARE HE GOT THEM VOCALS!!!
I love coffie thats ho we I start all my mornings :)
Thanks for following me on twitter and !
Lost my keys this weekend. It was a good weekend, but I'd really like my keys back. or help? Need to check mail too.
man u ain't neva lie bro..
cant argue with that one
LOVE LOVE LOVE BOLLYWOOD DANCE CLASS, but it makes me sweat!
It is time to call it a day! Have a great evening!
Greatness is what got us here haaahahaaa Greatest Rappers Alive
I feel it we got rid of brandon marshall his cry baby ass
Fellow followers, who has a #gold buying/selling company that they trust? Any recommendations and why?
hey Mr.Swaggerific! Thanks for following. :)
Minor kerfuffle. Back online! Let us know if you still can't login to your dashboard.
I made steak!
you're my hero!
busy! Hope to catch you on a chat soon! Happy Wednesday to you!
#ripwhitney thirty minutes before I found out about her death, her national anthem played @ the rodeo I attended.
oh that suck I waited so long to meet him the first time I met him was awesome im sure when you meet him it will be special
The amount of news over same-sex marriage and civil unions through the U.S. in the last few days is staggering.
Now that baseball season has started, Spring is officially underway!
he's a damn beast
I think you're going to reach 2k Tonight!!!!!!
Feeling like doing a trivia to kill time. Ariana or HG? (:
and good morning to ya.
is trying to figure how to get everything done in less than 24 hours.
Does that perchance mean you brought the 'Fresh N' Easy' lady home with you then?.. ;OP
hash tag that shit
ikr!and he is like perfect!
you was spittin on there
must see.... Koch brothers exposed.
RT : Influence Flows through small groups. Shares Twitter 5 to 1 , Facebook 9 to 1
lucky! My chance will come sooner or later.. hopefully sooner :)
Exactly, I rep #HH all the way.
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary! and you doll are miss extraordinary:)xoxomiss mimi pink
nope, just on call as usual
Anyone in Des Moines want to spend a couple hours with me geeking out over the 1940 census? I'm free Tuesday evening. Get in touch. :)
that's a lie. Unless of course, Friday's is your cave. ;)
#ElieWiesel will be speaking at “The Trial of Adolf Eichmann: 50 Years Later”. Join us or ask your questions online!
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Calm down please.. :/
the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
Called my mom at lunch to ask to make me a cake FTW!
hoping the same in North Central!
Headed to Atlanta for a screening of our film
awww. i never see you either :'( :'(
we won the first round of battle of the bands last night woo!
Thunder Dan Majerle right now on with Bruce Jacobs on The Fan AM 1060 and steaming live at www.azsportstalk.com!!!
On the menu tonight - gluten-free frittata with roasted eggplant and red pepper, with a salad of radicchio, olives and tomatoes.
A2: Would start my own grassroot organization in Nigeria supporting women in business and education (1/2)
You are welcome! No, we won't. Sorry! Have fun & give us a call when you have the time or check us out on FB :) TYates
": You are too funny love u too" uhh...who ya talkin to?!!
thanks Liam 😊 I'm sure it will be
Well that was a nice 5 hour nap. :/
that smart ass comment wasnt nice!..you just DISSED TF outta me!..danngg
yeah, go ahead and try to kill me. Smh lol
Thank god there's a new saturday. Since I'm sick all weekend. It's gonna give me sunshine like always . <3
RT if you're a student! Present your ID before you order & we'll give you 10% off!
Did you know that you cannot be #embodied unless your #body is a #hospitable #host?
haha better believe it. Plus, there's nothing like a good
if i must follow u to flirt with u, u best entertain me! lmao =P
they are already, won coupe de France..
Hilarious! ": Stephen Colbert says his Super PAC is considering another name change to: John Colbert Cougar Super MellenPAC. -EF"
It's finally Friday!!! Don't miss the weekend kick-off ! Strobe & Lauren G (via) providing the tunes! 4 VIP
Look if you wanna have a Label Become a Barbie
Cooking brontosaurus burgers. RT : Gus, why is the fire so big?
"That awkward moment when you drop your cocaine in the snow" this reminds me of horrible bosses lol xD
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout How twitter causes YOUR procrastination
Are you moving soon? Want to help the environment and save some money? Call us for your next move and mention our Facebook post and get...
Holy crap! Our #blipfamily playlist has 17 hours of music!
that's right, was just talking about call-ups. both should be here to stay from now on.
Are we living in the Matrix? Keep up the good work! I love your tweets
A12: Think of service you're providing and how to do it, be creative. Engage activiely, digital and IRL, for two-way connex.
Sucky for you, an check your dms.
not yet, I will keep you posted!
you at #sxsw? I'm in line for the event.
The front lawn pisser I assume? Did you convince them that #Shudderville is the place to be if indoor plumbing isn't their thing?
Hahaha I know
Love how there are only 5 seniors in school today
Thank you to the producers of SHADOW WITNESS for giving me a single card credit as 1st A.D.
yep! Major
I hate Mrs. Suarez 😠😒 so unnecessarily loud so early in the morning
Looking for a spot outside tonight for about 16. Ideas?
Props/Congrats 2 on the #Walgreens task win but more so for the tons of INTEGRITY shown and speaking the proof!
The right opposed tax increases for the wealthy but supports union busting for the middle class in the name of "shared sacrifice" - ironic!
I'm hungry ... Time to go eat :3
I just found out I won an Award from AudioFile Magazine!! It will be announced in the June/July issue. Thanks !!
ya listen
missed you both too
Tomorrow i'm gonna upload some Spencer List pics :D
Check DM big bro
Thank you!!
Don’t know where learned about legalizing Earthlings. He didn’t get it from me!
I second that, but the benefits are worth it, ok... Maybe...ok... Sometimes.... Nevermind
We watched amazing artist bring back that old school rapture!
come to #schoonernight Jake is coming over at 630 to head over
nope ur just sitting in a random strangers house watching movies and eating their food.
Who are the other big Rush sponsors? Someone send me a link please!
fuck work. i wish i had some cigs up in this bitch
Why is it that people always use the ones who are nice to them but love til death those who can care less?
Have a great weekend!
I will look at your work and follow up this week. Thanks
TOMORROW! Please hurry!
Awh I wish I could buy it but, my parents dont let me buy things frm the internet & frm a credit card :( </3
i cant wait to go home and eat
GENEALOGY, n. An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own. Ambrose Bierce
Thanks to and for allowing me to perform Saturday! It was a great fundraiser!
Looking forward to your event at Purple Cafe during the Conference in June!
assure Cathy that can be arranged. I'll look forward to it! Assure Tommy - no over-share. He's da bomb.
we need that lockdown D against OKC from you
You gotta take Wall
How's everyone's day going? Hope all is well with my Twitter peeps :)
I'm lookn fa ah rider
Also, only the magic that is Howard Stern could prompt me to watch America's Got Talent tonight.
Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Dinner Sandy's Cafe 3 fish tacos free delivery GREAT! Open 24 HRS Key West FL
Fleener, Glenn or L. David... Hm
#aallfs countering the Radiohead success, Stephen king gave up writing a voluntary 'pay what you will' novel - though maybe it sucked
Beautiful ladies and gentlemen, Down With Scarlett is born. Follow the classiest girls in town
“: I wanna be a surgeon so bad. #MyDream”
Our latest #US Call Center Statistics: We answer 99% of all calls to 877 459 0777 LIVE! When you're an MRC customer your call is important!
All's well here bro!! Thx
that's great! #WomensHistoryMonth #WomenWhoInspire my grandmother who just celebrated her 100th birthday this past sunday.
June 26 is a special day♥
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. You really made my day!
Ugh. Somehow I convinced myself Wayne's shows were end of May. Great.
All yinz running good luck! Have fun! Stay hydrated. Cheers!
Dancing to Michael Jackson makin pancakes lol
ikr we could get drunk i wanna see how they are when there drunk i know they'll be so much fun lol
no but he said he wasn't chase
Woo WILKES VEGAS! with the GWG!
I make grilled sourdough sandwiches with them. The packaged ones are always to mushy.
Yes, please come tell us about your strategy map! Social media must be on there somewhere....
Yankees game!! :)) xx you have an iPhone too now. Honestly there has to be cool things we can do then.
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes. Moody, but just enough bleep-bloop to be fun. Check them out via
I think everybody decided to get a hair cut this morning.
ah cool, that will be awesome when you do!!
ewwww traffic on the cape is gross
I am truly addicted to television.
we do a great job with corporate coupons
i was hoping you'd represent! i still haven't seen that
Now u know , i didn't mean it like that ; Huuuuhhh!
So glad you posted this; he really stands out as someone I enjoyed working with
Hiring on managers of analytics?
Morning world
naively tried to get to the Rally to restore sanity by metro. No such luck. Came back home to watch over the web. Stewart it killing it!
oh I ain't even know she was there. lol
My mom went through eye surgery where they thought she was under, but wasn't. Pretty traumatic.
Thank you!!
I'm jealous of the people going to the midnight premiere of the avengers!
The Big Bang Theory <3
(c) around 3 weeks. I may be only here to tweet BTR + 1D a few times, but that's it. So yeah, tweet you all properly in a few weeks. x
lmfao no u dont u had enuff at school
just watched the performance on youtube but I've never seen the movie, do they end up together?
I don't play "Hard to get"... I play, "Never going to happen" ;)
My GPS says I went a little further... BUT I'M A HALF-MARATHONER!! I just finished a 13.7 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Nice purse, hot stuff!
vicarious jet lag?
-Want to be my sunshine? Awwws If * and * 150,000,000 km, then stay away from me.
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday... ;)
I do not have the new iPad no
my mom wants me to get a job so I'll definitely apply and we can work together! (:
When God opened the window of the Heaven He asked me:What is your wish for 2day I said :Please take special care of the person readin dis x
Getting the grill ready !!
follow me. I will be truely grateful.
it was like living through On The Road. Eclectic. Psychotic. Genius.
which ones have you seen!?
Happy Cinco de Mayo to our favorite people! Celebrate!
HUGE fire across the street from my house on ocean parkway ..somebody isn't going to have a good christmas :(
I always love the part of the Q&A when one person hijacks the meeting w/ a public official to discuss their pet issue.
Anyone on here use eBay I bought something and it showed up in my purchase section for awhile but is not there anymore? What does that mean?
It's not impossible to be perfect, where's the comfort in that?
#schoolmemories jacking off in the school bathroom in 7th grade.
I didn't look at your bio I looked at your name duh....
Not everyone wants a casino in their backyard...what one Columbus suburb is saying about the proposal..all the news, traffic and weather !
People continue to find creative ways to spell my name; just today I've seen Hilary, Schuller, Shuler and Schular...all from people at work.
what happened to the brawlers story? :/
Mother nature <
why panic over something that should have happened two years ago
If you do not like numbers, then check back later for encoded images rendered as of the Maya sculptures. Coming shortly.
I'm gonna start Pinterest today!! Yay!
Nw terminator 2: judgement day.. I hate the flat faced semi bc of this movie.. fuckin creepy
Why can't it be both?
That is a wonderful saying. Thanks
Thank you Sarah! RT : #FF new friends!!
RT : Carnegie has initiated a 1-time grant prog. for #journalism schools to undertake #science journalism curriculum projects
making your way into Mordor to deal with that whole ring issue
No doubt man if u in the area come thru RT : good. Let me know if I can help
hush your mouth! I hope your having a wonderful time haha
I should really get started on that essay.
I'm goin need a follow back y
Lmao Only Thing i Could Think of...Remember. if You Dont Have Haters, Then You Arent Doin Somethin Right :)
Just when you though the thermostat couldn't innovate the world: www.nest.com
Bacon with a side of bacon. “: What's your favorite Saturday-morning breakfast?”
Created a monster. No I just changed my ways for a bit lml I'm back tho
Can't wait to see mayweather kick some ass this weekend
I'm loving the new organic kale salad in PB produce section. Thanks! Can you please get more organic dressing? Not a GMO fan
FINALLY #googlereader got an update to match... but is it really better? :/
I don't know :(. Feel like this was a hush hush show.
I agree. Thought what was missed was the power of how the story was told.
Artist Tweet
“: Ok why am I up so early? Oh well, in 4 hours I will be busy looking at the. 1940 census! (Could that be why?)” woot!!
Lob City should've won
so much love in the air
RT : TEE OFF AT 10:10 AM: Fog delay has been lifted at PGA. Play starts in half an hour.
I'm trying to add three dollars.
“: Clippers need a good night sleep in their own beds!” Agreed! With a good breakfast, eggs and BLAKE-ON!
#TimeOut #CLIPPERS 6 #Grizzlies 5 with 6:25 left in first quarter.
psychology work without detzel <<<
Hey guys, add us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/fromapathy
doesn't hootsuite charge these days?
Damn, I can use one more day off!!
Ever since the Feds busted megaupload, I haven't been as excited to look for some of my shows that Hulu doesn't carry. Like Nurse Jackie.
If you're on Facebook, we'd love to chat there, too! Lots more info/photos to come - because sometimes 140 characters just isn't enough!
I'll be at the LAFOB on that Sunday--as long as my leg is willing. :)
Heading to the coast with my sister and grandson! It is a good day.
Thinking about motorcycles again.
Epic trip boys, let's do it again soon !!
And this is the reason Paul Martin is hated, pinching way up the ice..leads to a breakaway. Luckily JJ choked.
ok, sounds like a plan! Also, I would like there to be a drink called the bosley... make it happen :-P
What did you learn about the History of Article 9?
What'd She Order? Fish Filet?
WANT TO GAIN NEW FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW HES #TEAMFOLLOWBACK AND HAS 46K+ FOLLOWERS U CAN EASILY GAIN FROM! RETWEET & GO FOLLOW!
RT: I adore More specifically, my client services rep just rocks. Love helpful, responsive vendors!
‘a mere 70 years of quantitative breeding optimized for corporate imperatives quadrupled what all previous civilization had accomplished.’
He's pretty darn cute too! Don't tell but I have a crush.
U know they have cajun Happy Meals down there right...lol!! Got u homie
Harriet Fulbright College would like to wish everyone a happy holiday and a wonderful new year!
who's got next game? where's the goddamn sign-in sheet?
whatever!! I choked, twice!
lol well its been a brutal season and seems like all the Sox fans have gone hiding except me lol
Boston bound... Home sweet home
thanks for following me.
#WOW they playing "Black Dynamite" on PeachTree tv....
RT if you agree that Austin has a nice body!
RT : In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
THIS.IS.AWFUL
Today's Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame luncheon was a success. So many journalism legends in one room, I'm left humbled & enamored.
There are rumors that if that doesn't get done, they may make a deal with Norfolk.
franseno da beast over east is now the new host of the hottest hip hop show on the planet streetprenuer.tv
You're so welcome - glad to get you feeling better!
LOL! That dude, man.. Manchi needs to chill with his primo more often.
Yes, rhetorical analysis, but with a twist. Call it an interface analysis. Also inspired a little by think-aloud protocols.
I am the author of my life. Unfortunately I'm writing in pen and I can't erase my mistakes...
i was built for the bread...
happy b-day kyle 50 is cool
Dear Haters , I know everyone has there opinion but seriously why can't you keep it to yourself for a change -.-
Crossfade, "COLD"...some people can be so fucking COLD...tell ya they love ya and shit on ya
Singing it forever
awe I wish I could always be there for you like you are with me everyday lol
EVERYONE TREND #ICONicBoyz worldwide tonight!!! RT
That's more like it. And your magical singing just reached the west coast. I think you caused 1,000 pregnancies.
What about Hillel: "In a place where there are no men, strive to be a man."
I don't get it until Wednesday!!! So excited!
That would be awesome if we could organize a ride!
Hahah it's not about you if that's where you're going with this.
My mom asked if I wanted cream in my coffee. I said moms on this body?? Make it soy
#OnceYou get attached, you're screwed
<3 what your about! very inspiring! :)
Corn dogs is my favorite food group.
So very dissappointing! I'm losing my steam, enthusiam and optimism. Power is apparently a bipartisan intoxicant.
it still works. Autocorrect win!!!
Game five
looking for more work for my portfolio!!!! dm if your a photographer and would like to get together....
Touché. We make the world more interesting.
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it. -Zig Ziglar
A girlfriend/boyfriend who holds you down, in spite of what happens >>>>
I was hoping the people of Twitter would save me some has money.....no such luck.
American Way!
haha ! my chick bad, my chick good. my chick do stuff that ur chick wish she could!
hahahah, I have no idea! Text me!
Night a(: going to bed that sucks O.K bye
Swag,Swag,Swag ..On you ;)
HELLO THERE !!!!
Movies would be so awkward if there wasn't always background music.
youre in Houston sir? Welcome!
Any more shoutouts?
I taught a friend how to take screenshots w/her phone & now I'm getting pleas (w/pics) to help her get unstuck in WwF
No lie - everything in this tweet is gross other than DONUTS : #TheJimDean inspired me to try Dunkin. Not bad tuna sandwich hey
I have a great idea for the Today show. Let's send Hoda & Kathy Lee 2 a kindergarten class so they can learn listening skills.
I am excited for you all. Experiences like these can be so enriching & eye opening. Compassion in Action!
I can't stop thinking about how tired I am.
very nice pic with Morgan McMichaels ;)
Just tried to bust the water bump with a need on my belly ring & it hurt . So if sum go wrong y'all that's wat happend
Follow me because I'm following Christ
but so many have Ps3
Steve is presenting at SCOPE today in Miami. #SemTech to revolutionize clinical trial data management and analysis!
thanks for the follow dude
Let's do this right!! :)
What's happening tonight #pgh?
I might see you up there then.
(Update) Construction worker rescued from trench
Love target ad "alouette"!
I'm glad you will be with Big Blue for the long haul. How are you feeling? God Bless!
this weather was fuckin up my hair nshit 
Google is like the virtual god to all living things.
Photo shoot with today!
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 35:30 with Nike+ GPS.
lmao! I drank pickle juice...
The shitty part is that everyone knows who I am because I look EXACTLY like my mother. So I feel like a jerk. I have 200 cousins! Not fair!
love it... Thank you.
i hate those ;P(
The band fun. reminds me of Queen.
CONT.. and are hiring these women to work for them and #pay for #sex right across the street.
He will make a great Day of the Weeks. He was voted best smile in HS! RT : Matt Moore is the truth
stress can kill a man listen to your inner body
"They say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me. Young love murder this is what this must be."
There. Guess that makes me rotund...RT : On our way to Bakery Square! See you at 2:00. Be there or be square...
: TV + mags for #chefs isn't abt ego-it's pride in your craft, and the success of your peers.
We got a great new product mirrored illuminated windshields with led lights. Check it out. www.darksideshields.com
Hey there, you're actually already on it :-)
It's a chilly fall day here in #NYC but I hear the midwest is in the 30s?
Nighthawks Saturday Night Baby!
I always buy you things. Just come back to nyc
RT - The Cleveland #Indians lead the AL Central by 0.5 games...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #music because they shill us better than any other label would
PICTURE ME GIVING A FUCK ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL.
FUCK WIT ME DOG!
Round 2 in the MWC Tourney! The #Aztecs game will be shown at 4 pm PST on CBS College Sports.
Want to bring your family where #FrankSinatra always sat? Then bring them to Twin Anchors & see why he loved us so much!...
blah Blah BLAH!!!
Sitting in on panel abt student journalism at day 2 of #SPJR9 conf. Familiar issues for me w/
hes like a racoon always diging in my garbage. mother fucker never goes away.
#TeamMindless all day, everyday
- Message Me It On Facebook Then , Lol .
nothing but the best
Morning ready to hit the ground running
Thanks for info, shame it wasn't able to be finished. Looks like they could've finished before any real weather got here. Oh well
Before something happens in the world it must first happen in your mind!
thanks! they were well received so maybe I'm onto something (or just obsessed with pie lately)
working with the FANSHOES crew at the office!
45 min walk at 7am in hong kong and I need to change my shirt....should have brought more clothes
glad to see you finally moved out of your parent's house.
AWE TEXT 4RM SCOOP ALL SMILES BEFORE MY GAMES
How bout a knuckle sandwich?
maybe you "rock" a purse.
finally got your braces off!:) now their free!!:) Btw: you have a great smile and perfect teeth!:)
Today sucks. I want to go home.
no. The backlash from the vote tonight minor compared to possibly taking state in November.
and I made it. So. Tired.
this is ridiculous, I'm freaked out now, Luck now mates ((*J*))
i wish i can get these songs
So are you Sabo's bottom half?
apparently Mulder loves the hippie chicks though. Love at first sight.
Think P.I.G. – that’s my motto. P stands for Persistence, I stands for Integrity, and G stands for Guts. ~Linda Chandler
lol was it that bad?! Well if u banked w/boa then I could order you a new one but no CA boa is on a diff system anyway lol
Awesome weather today!
lmaoooo i know im never on here anymore :( lol
Me to "Bad decisions make great stories". response "I have a lot of great stories"
pink courts yes. seems pretty stoked about them. i am not; though can't define my antipathy in 140 characters.
You are 100% ON TARGET!!! thanks for the tweet! too many people think that SM is the answer to what ails them...
I think it's much more American to defend the wealthy than to defend the gross poors and support their moochism. Thank you
Come try out our beer pong tables........or play a game of ping pong. Tiger Beer bottles $2
Last Tweet i just did read it cause it
If Cliff Lee doesn't get the W here, that means hes not very good, right?
I wld love a croque-madame from Morels French Steakhouse & Bistro.. now! **putting it into the universe**
Step it up,
And this -> RT : This -> RT : Everyday I discover something more about #Columbus that I love.
follow back ?
BF on the other hand is completely apolitical (or so he claims)... its why we work I think :p
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONSS
Today turned out to be more interesting than I thought :)
Merry Christmas everyone!
omg haha I was pissed and confused!
Mane dang lol still with them
Only I could run into a Giants fan in Minneapolis! 
#TRUST calling me mean wont change who iam....you might get an Even Bigger Asshole out of me
haha you know I don't.
RT “: Nicolas Batum says on a scale from 1 to 10, the pain in his knee is a 5. Says he just twisted it.”
You should come by....RT : Everytime I see a photo/think of , I immediately want a beignet of theirs.
#10 i love being by myself, being followed by friends all the time is annoying >.<
Pretending to not understand my dyslexic boyfriend.
And God saw that it was (damn) good.
how bout you blame the knicks being plain ole trash and bulls being the better team. :smugfavre:
hi :) hello good morning....or good afternoon :) love you <3
shut up
what a beautiful sunrise this morning... Another day to give and be thankful.
congrats on the Masters. More importantly congrats on your son.
i am hoping it's an aug. light machine gun on the wall would be awesome!
I dont like this new twitter. #dislike -dannah
is done with his project for Colonial Williamsburg! Not sure what's more fun: sending in the finished product or sending in the invoice?
I def feel that. What are you doing tonight?
Boston bett me up today. Too tiered!
1 person per area to increase their visibility and recognition by running their local city's business network. Here local business grow!
Volunteering at the #FlyingPig bright and early tomorrow morning! Off to bed :)
The only thing that is stopping me from switching to Netflix is watching The Bachelor live...
Pulitzer Ctr, The LAMP, Baruch, CUNY Jour, Stony Brook, News Literacy Proj panels all starting now. High school students everywhere!
#brewers are too much awesome!
North Dakota are coming over on Friday to finish the EP! 4 songs are recorded and almost ready! <3
if that's why they left you, do you really want them?
RT : If God leads you to it, he will lead you through it
Thanks for the FF Chris!
not yet tweet it to and follow him he'll followback
“: does annyone know some other great songs of #JimiHendrix ???” Yes: Room Full of Mirrors, Machine Gun, Message of Love,Drifting
love u& of course we can't forget bout
u usually jus walk by or do u chill under the heating lamps as well?
Chateau playing for ART Moves lunch hour entertainment - now in our building at 25 S. Oklahoma Ave.
jesus i belive in u ur the reason i belive the reason that i breath for all i am...
Writing the first draft of an article on our Kickstarter experience. We'll let you know when it's done!
where yall at
he just followed you O.O
Happy Friday!
Looking forward to discovering #uwsocial's presence!
If you don't change what you're doing today, your tomorrow will be no different than yesterday.
Another night, another win
I know exactly what I want and who I want!
The men who been here my whole life 1.God 2.Washington 3.Lincoln 4.Hamilton 5.Jackson 6.Grant 7.Franklin I love dem niggas man
Finding the right dog is hard, sigh. Applying to rescue groups sucks, more sigh.
Good Morning Tweeps ♥
That's so sweet of you to offer to ALL of your followers. Haha!
IS IT IN NJ??
Alb bands are to poor to have me film them and put them on youtube.30 bcks is cheap.
Nothing against Dylan Bundy, but striking out Mark Reynolds is by no means an accomplishment
You guys just have no idea what we have in store for you :)
It show is some ugly bitches at ace like omg
Help! Yard smells like cucumbers. Do we have copperhead snakes, or is that just an old wives' tale?
Thanks for the Q&A!
Yay ! Great way to start a season.
lol, i don't got no workshop. hehe :) mines almost done anyways.
you guys are the best!!!! Thank you for my flowers Awesome surprise!
nobody jus felt to tell u dat if it was i wont ever say nun esle to ya
#LMT is "longest movie title," something I just made up for no reason. Now you try. Don't forget to hashtag your entries.
I am listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show on Rewound Radio
#astdrmc-Denison Bill Neale: " there is a fine line between vision and hallucination"
7 Tips to Get Started with a Website Redesign
i like how things are going
Love DEN teacher appreciation week!
Thanks for trying...
Been snacking on and I love everything, especially the veggie chips which seriously satisfy my potato chip craving!
Now it looks like Port Cmsnr Ann Moore will make the presentation to the council Oct. 25. unhappy, sez we need to talk now.
What&#39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan&#39;s Thoughts
Out of class early. Nappin on the futon in the studio.
Aww,thanks. You too! :D
Hard to believe they thought that was a good idea.
Ha, ha, I am a Rick Perry "expert." What about you?QUIZ: How much do you know about Rick Perry? wapo.st/ovt4g6
is my all-time chill artist. Just turn his shit up on my ipod & I'm set.
man, you are lucky they don't tar and feather people anymore....
hay girls
Really don't want to be dealing with this shit right before prom
hey! Avengers in eight days!
We're at commerce if you want to meet up.
what a day what a day it has been! ah well at least i know tonight will be allot better well hope so. cant wait till i get off.
train harder, faster, stronger! Lol
just barely makin it back home in phoenix from denver! long fuckin drive, im ready to crash out for a lil'while!!! ->KimBeezy<-
s/o 2 my homie Fina RELEASE HIS NEW VIDEO: Wat Cha Kno Bout Me
coffee soon?
appreciate the mention and sharing your art.
Exciting day at Faviana today, we are shooting E! for our Oscar dresses. Tune in to E! News tonight at 7 for all the coverage.
I love him, so I have to let him go..
Grand Opening this week = clearance priced Greek apparel! Stop by today!!
Yeeeeessss...I have now perfected the technique for salon bouncy, soft hair at home! It's
Do you know of a tasy recipe for sweet potato pancakes?
/ Not at all necessary, but I will DM you...
Lets see today I had coaching from 10am till 4pm. Designed 2 ads. Then off to a client call with a new friend in England. How was your day?
THE GAME is definitely going on my list of songs to buy from itunes
how're you bby
Good Night!!!
DO IT!
I have never tried (really!) but beignets look great. RT : You may have us there! What is your favorite dessert?
Kiss you a
Dragging desk chair across portland to new office, like a homeless
Just went and bought ice cream with my dad
RT It's not easy for an #Aquarius to bad mouth you, but when they do, be careful because you'll wish you never went there
[film] the distinct difference between green and blue, leaves against sky, birded
Just learned about the movement called "Social Entrepreneurship" - we can all do something!
It pleases me you're exercising, Ms. McIItrot.
Keep your chin slightly tucked in and your jaw relaxed & dropped open. Don't raise your chin for the high notes. Sing in front of a mirror.
congratulations on the book's publication!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
Chicago is DEFINETLY having a signing. :)
I'll say it again ! Why does bad things happen to good people ?
This heffa really thinks she can hang wit me?! Man you haft to be dreaming!
yes I am an actor. I'm just getting my feet wet with if Hough if you know what I mean. I got a great coach and had various parts
someday, somebody will love the fuck out of you.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
#nowplaying "Segment", off Rainbow People. Steve Turre. Nice!
hi bye!
if I didn't have such a cannon for an arm I'd use that next year! Don't wanna hurt you guys lol!
[Campus Bulletin] There is a Tornado Watch on campus this morning, so expect pop quizzes in all your classes.
Do u ever find yrself wanting everything all at once and being frustrated that u can't have it all??
RT : Another peeve: a "personal invite" to event w/price that's a mystery until after submitting name & email. No thx :(
Coach Congrats to you and Coach Mitch both!!!!! GL in the NCAA!
Right! And put the content where the users are looking for it. Films/audios to YouTube, etc.
Nicely done
Serious bummer, man. Was hoping UW didn't have these kinds of problems. Should have known better.
Praying with you for her safe delivery to you all.
MOST OBVIOUS PUNCHLINE! FAMILY GUY! NOT!
M had a good meal :)
Kroger has $2.99 lb. top sirloin. Go get it, I'll grill it!
Today is a day to recognize the teachers in your lives. Be it #InCollege or #UnCollege. We learn everywhere.
This is how I walk. Like Mrs. Ragsdale, my Kindergarten teacher. Maybe she was in pain--I just thought she walked like a zombie...
I, too, support the basis of the OWS movement but the message is getting diluted, hijacked and misused by these folks and others.
There are so many directionators at my school and i just ... Cant deal with them -___-
Ceaselessly intrigued by the angles of the human face & how they always persist. Always change
Abe Lincoln Vampire Slayer, can't wait
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
The public should not be allowed to use public restrooms.
Been here since 545am its now 523pm... off to my jefitas house for dinner!
BOOM!! Long time no talk man hows the shoulder?
It was that feeling of being special & 'worth it' that I think everyone felt empowered w/ yesterday. We're all beautiful humans!
brandon marshall to the bears, cutler back, mario williams possible? NFC North might be beastly next year, hope Lions can keep up
I just saw one of those greenpeace chicks with hairy ass legs. Way to NOT convince me to help change the world.
You know new those songs you discover and listen to on repeat for the next few weeks? For me right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE.
I forgot How awesome old REM is, IRS years. Thank you spotify
I work full time as a sales director in oxford england have you ever been to the UK ?
How's the Big Apple without us? Friendship fail. At least we have Park City.
The pursuit of perfection focuses on what is not good enough. Instead think dedication, effort, and commitment; which focuses on growing.
when u are just reaching out for someone to be there for you but they just leave.
The Hall of Famer, Patrick Ewing, is on the list as one of the 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All Time.
I'm spreading the joy 2day 😉
Best coffee in Portland - thanks for sharing and Happy 2012!
so proud of you brauny!!! #rule2 honor thy buffalo
The Senators [Wong and Faulkner] have passion ... we could use more of that in the House
:o what about thor? I think that's his name lol HIS BODY >
u already have a boo
forreal though? lol you're going to die because the baking time is like 50 minutes.
wtf is the world coming too!
Even though we hate each other Happy Birthday
This is especially true when you nurture it
please follow me i love youu
I will cut a bitch! Done it bfor n aint scared to do it again!
what video did you just shoot?
Thanks Tracy, it's been fun...and I'm glad you appreciated it.
Marking our calendar for the upcoming culinary events. Look forward to seeing you there!
Need a Motion Graphics/Animation artist to create a tutorial/instructional video. Potential to go long-term. Freelance. Off-site. Who's in?
really thank you!!!!!! <3 But you will need to tell me why exactly she had to unfollow you ..
Wow mom is settin me up car next month then truck in 6 boohh ya(: oh and new HTC phone in 2 months for birthday(: #lifeisfreakingreat ...
lmao Thank you!! Xo
Super stoked to be 100% cleared and DONE with physical therapy. It's been long a battle, but well worth it!
have fun!!!
o. well you should go just to see my beautiful face (;
Weakest walk-off sac fly ever by Braun. Morgan was out. But #Brewers will take it.
Yeah buddy!
oh my. Is that a bad phonetic spelling of Kennedy?
Forget that... I'm not giving anyone the pleasure of my death via shower. I can't see shit.
Watching My brother freaking out about a Yu-Gi-Oh contest. >.<
KU shows some life.
Have wonderful wheek!
Gay marriage could be wedge issue where Obama looks like flip-flopper but his opponents look abysmally wrong.
I just want to buy shoes & clothes I need a sponsor! Any takers? :)
You guys remember when Austin left me in that store in Nashville?? Yeahh that was a terrible day. </3
Wish I had a tennis partner right now it is crazy nice out
At the Double Quick in Clarksdale. Time for some Pickoolas!! (Pickles and Kool-Aid)
constant shuffling of the chairs isnt doing us any favours. We missed our chance of a generational leader in '07
"My girlfriend sucked 37 d%#ks." "In a row?"
i know right i hate that stuff
Born in the 919 until they change it to 252.. Ya know
It's deep,It's street,comin' at u in 3G speeds,Welcome to RockVille! (Meet the RockVillains)Where anything's possible(Meet the RockVillains)
bout to call Maria ;))
Thanks for the review Justin! We appreciate your support!
The radio always play a song thats been out for like a year now and calls it "NEW MUSIC!!" ...No
Versace© and Robin Jeans© linen today. What's everyone else rocking today ?
Early morning work flow blues... 😁😁😁
I feel like absolute shit.......
Gosh. I sure do a lot of overtime. Oh well, at least it's fun.
I think that's probably the case
I have an issue with women whose areolas aren't clearly defined.
Trying my best to live right cause I want God to hear my prayers when I pray!
Are we going to be inside or outside tomorrow?
Forgive & forget, bitch I already forgot .
have a reality TV show style competition. Obstacle course, confessional booth, cockroach eating, vote off ivory tower
Gay in here be thinking its American best dance crew
what a perfect space for a museum!
I feel you.. we'll definitely cut down on that. thanks for the support
been watching slightly in phone ....now on TV ....no offense again?? Good pitching by them???
It doesn't matter if you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running. ~Anonymous
Time to read The Hunger Games!
I thought the Adele one was pretty good too, but what do I know :-)
Happy Easter everyone, and also happy birthday to
Besides working at , what is your summer dream job? -PT
I'm as baffled as you are. It's bizarre.
wouldn't that be great
registering for #jcdl2012? i based my funding request 2 months ago on the 2010 AUS$ cost. :P
Mark Madden, wherever you are, me and a bunch of others are gonna make your article a dead issue. We are the stars, watch us shine.
I luv that ur a living brother!!! Lmfao ;D
RT : Couples massage at with the wife!!
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
thanks!:) i thought you would like it!have you heard young the giant?
we have talked to Digitaria before. Great guys. We have been working with MJD on our web revamp. Like them alot.
I messin' with ya Truths! How many IU win by tonight?
Heading off post but they won't tell me what we're doing. Only supposed to be 63 in Fairbanks today so I'll be bringing my jacket again!
forget about golden girls what about mary tyler moore show? loved her in that
He said " what do Chief Keef put on his Tacos? ...Sosa Baby! LMFAO
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. ~Seneca
David McCollough, almost as cool as Robert Osborne.
This is a great time to start dividing your perennials. If you do it correctly, you can have several beautiful thriving #plants to enjoy
LOL! You Pepper Ann and Pippi Longstocking are a crew huh?
I lost to myself which leads to both jubilation and self-hate.
Some people just will not change and that is terrible.
Just his shadow...RT : any sign of Peyton yet?
getting business manga started.
lol yea he is
photographing? When do you leave? Should def be a double high five.
Yes, exactly! I always have bacon grease available. Seared cabbage in bacon grease? M.
Stupid people need to stop and think "what am i about to say" before they speak the retarded thought that is about to leave their mouth
No school monday, Richmond today, get to go in late tomorrow and thursday. Can you say best week of school ever?
- why who are you
Well, at least Ben did not get injured tonight. Or at least could walk off the field. It's been a rough season.
Disappointed they closed the store in #Ardmore PA - why aren't there more stores in #Philly area?
Thank heaven for VCRs (why does my grandson say they’re obsolete?) Cuing up week 1 vs. Saints. Aaron was spectacular!
To do list: 1. Hustle 2. Keep game tight 3. Drip Swagu 4. Make that paper 5. Run this 6. Go from the window to the wall 7. Brief rest.
Thanks for following! Look forward to your insights.
Boys are so difficult, the hell with it!
Knowing when to stop pushing ends the wall...Proverb from Sierra Leone
Have you tried hooking up your MP3 player or a USB player to the car?
