Why are there so many people sitting in running parked cars at the lake? I saw a cool one and would have felt odd taking a picture...
Um is he being slick or what damn boy ya know I get confused
Any way we can ban the words "run, don't walk" when talking about a sale in a commercial? Anybody ever run, ever?!
I'm going to pray for her! She will be ok!
HUGE thank you to all who entered the giveaway with me and of College Curlies! Congrats to our winners, Joie and Jonesha :)
wait. i thought you played bass for them?
Free art??? No! More free places to put and copyright art, Yes! (enter shameless plug here:) www.splotchiz.com Comments?
Thanks for the RT Mason!
We play tomorrow night at 10pm at Silverlake Lounge (2906 Sunset Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90026). Capri-Suns on us!
Okay, officially dead now. :) Thanks! #NoOneHasEverSaidThatToMe x
You're Beautiful - James Blunt.
they could draw worse! Happy cinco da mayo!
Instead of the award going to it went to manufactured nville music. Some good musicians. Some singers, no songwriter artists.
Presenting Saturday at the ASCD Conference - “How do Different Generations of School Leaders Lead Change Differently?”
RUT hockey team player doing some golfing today for a great event and then celebration party for fundraising
check out the official Mike Polk #FactoryofSadness t-shirt t.co/8dvBUjIS
Sorry sweetie..! Your not the topic of my subject... Its all about me
opening night was a success!! :)
me too. I just wished they were given more choices - including light pink, bright pink... :)
Beautiful Thursday in Houston...come out today for 12 buck Thursday. Unlimited mini-golf and 40 tokens for just $12.
After 30 Rock ends Im done RT From titles of all new shows announced I think going to watch NBC even less than what I still am
"Gods do not answer letters." Updike on Ted Williams.
Hawk baby overtime!!!!!!
RT : "What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Follow Her!!Fast --> Yuhh Will Get.
This-->RT : The lamb burger NYC: a thing of great beauty.
hit my cell nigga
Walking the boardwalk at Jones beach... Loving this sunny weather... <3
: it is on August 27th. So exciting! And it is not 'my' wedding it is my friends'/clients wedding. :)
from one "masshole" to another i hope u win tonight
I did download Tweetdeck,but haven't formed an opinion yet.I can see that it would be really helpful if you had many followers
Garage Sale! Come pick your way thru my parents' broken marriage then haggle your way to a bargain! Tomorrow! 8403 Woodbridge blvd Tampa, FL
true that. U got those inside the heel scuffs yet? Those boys pissed me off!
i saw you on cupcake wars:):):)
u better calm down Mr HJ
yankees can't hang with the rangers
Michelle says: "I couldn't put it down, the novel '10 Minutes' is one of the best books I've read in a very long time & I read a lot"
Had some fun yesterday...good times with good peeps
cause he sucks :)
is there one in the works?? Lol
Been steadily #studying all evening, and my #slowcooker enchiladas are ready!
Most important competency for future leaders? Jack Zenger: Being inspiring + motivating
Herman Cain was looking at 3 consecutive 9-year sentences of Sexual Harassment , hence the "9-9-9 Economic Plan" to pay-off his victims.
Im glad is staying current but dang do we have to get a new version every week?!
mini break between dishes
The first pick that has me bummed out... I would have loved to get Iupati. A great line makes mediocre QBs, WRs and RBs look great.
It makes me less of a cougar that i have crushes on both peeta AND alan rickman, right? Like they balance out my cougar quotient?
THAT'S the spirit! Yay for #HappySaturday !
Playboy Mansion production tonight was a big success! Stoked that Karma foundation put on such a good event and had us cover it!!!!
Wonder how many people bought the ppv fight tonight?
guess who's taking y'all out after service.. This guy lol
Trust in me and you'll fall as well.
i do need to cultivate this twitter more i have neglected it
did she bring her toothbrush?
White beater and a banging tan
Still trying to get all of our followers onto our new account! not go follow us! : )
See, nobody cares
ugh! Happens to me al the time! 😜 #stopsweatin lol
Ideas have a short shelf life. You must act on them before their expiration date.
Today's closing session features panelists from & Are you attending?
I'm wit #fukkobe movement.. ha
“Read a lot. Read a lot.” Tom Bissell “Write a lot.” Tom Dery “Don’t expect to make any money.” David Belos
Morning (or rather, evening?) to you!
shout out to go follow her !! :)
Time to relocate to NYC! :) RT : I officially no longer DJ anywhere in this city. Almost retired I suppose.
is tweeting some real stuff. Follow my buddy! :)
“People haven't always been there for me but music always has.”
I pray that tonight's message will lead people to Jesus!
suga suga how you look fly ?
Nope NBC's round ball rock (NBA theme) is still king. Man that music brings me back.
Members alert!! Lets see how many posts a member can make in the month of July @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Eatting Lots Of Candy , I`m Going To Pay For This Later !
Apparently you haven't spent enough time with me. Rambling is a personal art of mine. Ask lol
that picture of Amy Winehouse is proof that God really does have a sense of humor
heard you just had surgery. Hope you're feeling better!
Does Congress really need to pass this stool now?!!
Caring is a weakness
love it! Would you like a pair of tix for our Thurs March 22 show at the Aladdin?
My video of >
Both NY teams getting KILLED right now.
don't wanna be on my own
RT : RT Finish this sentence: "I am proud to be a #JewishWoman because..." I come from great stuff!
message me so I can give you my number
awww, thanks! I love you too! <3
the holidays are hard when you're alone.
i wonder how many projects are finished solely for the purpose of getting kudos from strangers on the internet.
I cried a flood of tears
Make moves never at a stand still
*beat up.
lol that's too far for me to know
Someone may have unfollowed, but you came up as 999. I'll get back to you!
George Zimmerman got bail
Good headphones make everything sound better.
girl I'm really sitting here like these chicks really have nOthing better to do with their lives..just sad
If you don't like fun facts, trivia and "interesting" tid bits about our nation's capital ... I suggest you unfollow before 10 AM tomorrow.
Nice meeting you today ! Thanks for coming on the show..you truly have an amazing talent and Im glad I got to jam with you!
Not working tomorrow? Join us tonight - Blue Star Creeper will be playing!
New topic - Olympus goes nuts.....
Watching the Nat Geo special of the Japan tsunami. So much never before seen footage. WOW my heart is braking all over again....
Love Reese smiles during her breathing tx at 4m.
3 day weekends are the handjob of life, you like it a lot, but in the end, you're left wanting more
Does anybody have any fun plans for the weekend?
No lead is safe in the
Flower Kings -Tour Kaputt - CD/DVD and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Like the Titanic, it may take analysts decades to pinpoint all of the reasons that lead to the Penguins’ cataclysmic failure.
S/O to for 'trying' to help me with my problem tonight. (:
great choice
When a man dwells on the objects of sense, he creates an attraction for them attraction develops into desire, and desire breeds
3 intriguing new tools for keeping tabs on your competitors: upstreamcommerce.com (pricing), moat.com (ads), contentaide.com (social media)
If your #soccer club regifts you with a team plaque of another team, it's probably a good time to pack up your cones and go home.
If I take my eyes off my earphones for even one second they become inextricably tangled.
Dbacks win Baby YeaH
where we watching the boxin match at ATL??.
how perfect are you Linda! Thank you for those words
If your school has not had the program #rachelschalleng, it should. What a great and inspiring program for our kids!
Did you ever consider that the soap dispenser is the dirtiest thing you touch? Ironic.
Nice! Thank you for sharing that link to your tunes with us. I think is more appropriate to RT this tweet. ^NE
This Thursday come out and meet some great filmmakers! At Mass Indie Film Presents: A Night Supporting Indie Film. Belmont Studio Cinema,MA
Dhs heads need to cage the rage. Lmfao 😂
Thanks Ken! And a #FF to you as well:)
What's with the size sticker on the outside of the hat? Brought to you by the same clowns that wear their boxers above their wasteline.
Soundgarden was tight, Cornell Hit the notes, and they were face meltingly heavy, awesome show! Dave Rat mixed too, great night!
Can you like.. Rip your face off and give it to me? Thanks.
- I need to get a video going for my artist Demize (DemizeOnline.com) - Can we discuss by email or phone?
Yeah you are about a half hour away from me! I live on the opposite side of you from Raleigh, right off of 440
Just when you get a chance. We want to hear all that happened so we can make it right for you!
You'll miss it when it's gone.
You can't help who you comes in and out of your life! People come and people go! But everything happens for a reason!
Hey were done with for now - Your going to love his talk!
Feels like a damn failure..
I really need to get back to the gym. Summer is only just three months away.
I was actually happy that followed me but now that i know he's fake! Im really sad: . ( please follow♥
also realized this w/e during the race that talking to those who seem shy is just as imp as in academia. makes for better community
...dont feel like doing shit today!!
Waiting for a gay Magneto.
Bard still has no-hitter intact at end of 1st. Most excitement came when birds fought above our seats.
Going in the studio tomorrow... I only have 1 song left to record vocals on. I think we will be able to start the editing process tomorrow!
Look for an amazing submission! #pickus!
happy birthday
Smoking, drinking and you...two things I love.
Y'all better drink some water. Don't make me come over there.
What is it about visual art that changes the viewer? Join a dialogue hosted by Orion magazine on mission-driven art with esteemed...
beautiful weather. LETSGO
Getting ready for the MRS Spring meeting! Attending the meeting? Stop by our booth :) visit our website to see a title on display.
is there a link where I could listen to the call from Cribbs the other day?
RT : Tracking the Artful Venues of The Hunger Games. Sites that were filmed or frequented by cast/crew while shooting in...
Sweets for your Sweetie is unlike any other VDay event in the city. Spend an evening in the conservatory by reserving your spot today!
Ok. Keep at it. Next year I expect you to be ready
Let the menu planning begin! 2012 Hospital Food Fight will be held Sun. April 22 at Milw Marriott West. Will Elmbrook Memorial win again?
Greetings fellow twitter fen!
. FB post on 1/4: "Everytime i try to get into MSG the security guards ask me if im a trainer LOL" I bet he no longer has that problem
“: whos watching that #moneyfromstrangers” too funny bro! Y'all are crazy!
RT 24 hour Twitter Campaign?Day 2 ---All day on the hour #LetsGo!
me too!! RT “: I want to go watch this years ”
Cleaning the house this morning. Yep, my 15 minutes of fame is over.
All is well very little-damage just posted photos on ?Facebook check them out. Daryl
Looking up wknd packages for #ATL so i can go enjoy my daughter & southern hospitalily in April!! Then she'll be here for two months YAY! ;)
for sure!
I saw a car and it said Ryan Cicardo on it an I thought of you heehehehhehehehe
Prototype 2 looking kind of tight. Going to give it a shot.
is that 1400 calories?!? If so I'm so jealous.
Carolina 7, Refs 7, Pats 0 - fix is in 2day. bury the pats in the 2nd half
oh silly...
Finally got caught back up with
Yes, the Lee Dewyze talk is far more productive RT : what will trash talking do this week besides ruin this game.
dubstep! \o/ i get it. i got it a decade ago. next viral trend, please...
Heard Steve Forbes speak at LSU today. Main message: our minds are our greatest natural resource. Live.Learn.Lead.
RT : When I order pho the guy is all "What size?" and I say "Hmong-ous!" and then I'm not allowed to come back to that pho...
I thought that the buzz over Tribute coffee was just hype, but this is really good coffee.
Yes! <3 RT : . Of course! Can't wait to see y'all tonight!! Hope everyone stops by!!
Happy Easter
that's no fucking excuse!
Don't drink sodas at all...all water as of late. And I hate chocolate, so I'm not a big sweets person either. Lol
sdlkfjsldfjswfkh i'm so like out of the loop on here.... lol I don't think I'm actually gonna switch accounts though!
did they bring condoms?
I think I am done with all yoga videos. May just do some poses on my own to stretch
RT While survival rates 4 childhood cancers have improved, little 2 no progress has been made against pediatric brain tumors.
Those black clouds hovering around the lights on 90
Melo's balling, and the Knicks playing like the don't wanna get swept by the Heat...what a bunch of snobs (in my Rick Santorum voice)
everytime I watch #YoungHomie I smile & feel like there's hope for everyone if we all try. You're an inspiration
It's funny i have a thick skin part of the time,I need it all the time...
The producers from " the real housewives of Beverly hills " are coming to my house today to do a test shoot with me for a new show
Once you stop progressing, You are starting to die.. "Cornell Thigpen"
My twitter is messing up!
Camden County Technical School hi school curric all integrated: one big room, 100 students, 5 teachers. Synced & asynced learning
er, I mean, probably Mel Gibson, but not by much.
Authors: Would you be interested in no upfront cost editing services if you paid back the work through a % of royalties?
Great video! Those dogs are so amazing!
: Freedom? Giving the option to join or not join union based on career is freedom. Let's all run & hide from pressing issues.
The replacement waiter is amazing now.
First home defeat for SKC.
This bus ride just went from boring to GREAT lol thanks to Jared (:
"NEW" Battlestar Galactica - actually a very "dark" series with undertones of theology - check it out...you may be surprised
i love those sausages. so, so good!!
Sophia Downing sentencing testimony includes lone survivor.. two others killed when she hit them on sidewalk w suv. About to start.
Ali made me pinky promise not to eat sushi until my birthday!!!
Or is it a social media test for vetting doctored screengrabs?
Ran into while browsing a bookstore on sunday. Check them out on tour, great florida friends.
I'm so happy came in to play!!
I'd totally sell mine, but as luck would have it I'm finally able to make my first match of the season!
Yeah, that's my team. We're a big ND family.
it sounded like pattie would say to justin what i said in my last tweet lol. he brings out my motherly side hm.
I really like the kentucky women's BBall uptempo style!
it's where hypervisors were five years ago in terms of hype.
just clean
Merry Christmas Everyone!! Now go to bed Santa is coming!!!!
Phew Close one.. Come on Red sox!!!
Give me the chance to love you. I'll tell you the only reason why, 'cause you are #OnMyMind!(: i love you!
Would love to see it.
The city vote was a big loss for all Sacramento. You guys put up a great fight for a great vision and future. Well done all!
you are such a dork!
Prayer, and lots of it, for God's will. I try to keep from making decisions, yet they follow me everywhere. Why am I running?
Watching The Blind Side, awesome movie
Really?! When is it? =)
scene for class, sides for an audition
Awww!! This made me smile :) just when you think there's no hope for Houstonians.. One of them buys you fried chicken 
Rooting for you!
She is so foolish.
would destroy and on First Take. GET BREK ON THERE!!
Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted. Hesketh Pearson
Paging Ramon Sessions, where are you?
dude! Can I come with you to that?! Mat Kearney and Andy Grammer are opening for them
If you're hoping for better results this year, you'll have to change your approach.
haha thanks man!!!
U.S. leading economic indicators fall 0.1% in April
no we wont be at that show.
Oct. 22nd is going to be so fun! Can't wait! Keri, you'll love the store & everyone who works there.
Sizzle Pie on W. Burnside is a great, cheap place to eat! Awesome people watching, too!
You can use it on me for my "what channel is the opening day game on?" question ;)
Twitter be the downfall of my battery
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job???
That'd be perfect! Unfortunately exporting to Canada is a little tricky. Do you ever play stateside?
Thank you, NHL.com, for streaming the #2012WJC! Go & Team #USA!
its a little over here but we good though
The "guns and roses" station on Last.fm is AWESOME!
Open Performance Troupe Auditions all this week! Auditioning all disciplines. Email to set up an audition time!
On the lookout for young, innovative companies in the area.
Thank you Cousin! The very same to you!
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. -William Shakespeare
you have just made this porno bot very sad. why do you hate me? I just want to link you to dubious websites full of malware.
they shouldn't be but may be as a result of how bad the east is.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
and your gonna see my haiirrr so red (x
Indeed it will.
Excuse me? "de-duping"?
I must say, Rihanna is even badder in person. I'd definitely smash that. Multiple times.
Hugo? More like Scorses Like Really Likes Movies, Get It. Am I right forgotten silent film directors?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email
One month form today I will be soaking up the sun on the beaches of Puerto Rico
Cute dress! Any tips for shopping in Hoi An? I'll be there soon and I can't wait to indulge.
Thanks for the mention!
hunting down more bottles for a mini installation of my last piece, fun times.
booked an impromptu NYC trip for next weekend, thanks to a deal for the ace hotel. now...what to include on the agenda?!
“: : Tweeps! What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button???” Punt!!!
That's what I'm here for.
5 years is too ongoing. Find something more substantial
I can't be the only one that hears Wale's Slight Work & thinks about the kids tearing that up. Leyomi drop & all.
Just saw Peyton in his first Denver commercial. #stillcantbelieveit #bestQBever?
Happy Birthday to the always lovely ! Have a great one!
you know it !
oh lord lol
thank god you video taped the interview with tony hale before the accident #RIP Tony Hale 1970-2012
It Feelz So Good To Be Back In My Hood!
Visited your site. Thanks for sharing your beautiful music.
awesome! More places for me to stuff my face! 🐷
Thank You for following!
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I'd make myself an Iron Man!!
is killing it tonight it's time to co-host Rock Countdown again. Email me .
Austin, I'm going to be in you tomorrow. To all my #ATX peeps out there, let me know if you need anything delivered from
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  15
I'm representing the O'Connor clan well!
Say it with me... Frittata
You're missing out.
but how great is it when Thursday feels like Friday?!
Love Diary Of A Wimpy Kid Good S**t Right There
just announced custom styles UI at #whereconf . Pretty excited!!!
My life though
Right. When we can relate to each others struggles, equal nature of suffering seems more clear, natural!
Sometimes sober thoughts aren't always the best.. It takes only a few drinks to tell me otherwise
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. ~Gandhi
doing business. from learning tunes and finger exercises to starting work on my first website!
ah! Get better soon!! Is the room spinning...or are you spinning? lol ;)
um...why is there some dude hawking York peppermint patties on tv? Put Alexi back on! Occupy York! No justice, no peace!
“ I Hate The Intro To Porn When The Girl Be Shakin Her Ass & Pourin Baby Oil. *Fast Forwards*”
Audition tip #4. Timing is genius! Just because the Casting Director says Action doesn't mean you have to do anything!
wowza. another draft of an archival policy document out the door! who knew my job would require so much writing?
Got to be cold hearted cuz when u be nice they walk all over u
Only if you knew, I wouldn't let you down this time.
"Your life does not get better by chance...it gets better by change." -- leader Faye
YES. Hope you're having SO much fun!
Howdy back atcha, !
So true! RT : Pet peeve: saying chipoLTe....the T is clearly before the L people...
#FavoritePlacesToHaveSex....On the beach
Bahahaha. I know !! Start doing some arm curls though, cause next fall we are doing some damage and will have some heavy bags. Ha
awesome dude hope to see you there!
Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life, but I'd be even more thankful for a win
Tonight's gonna be a good night!
whenever you touch down fam! you already knowin
Kick some ass tonight ! You got this!!
Im going to try my best
Please welcome MJordan23_45 to the Max life
new legal news to come today!
Just got done spending time with my grandma all day nd finally home ttc!
Find my contemporary fiction books at www.thewildrosepress.com, www.willowmoonpublishing.com, Fictionwise, Amazon, Barnes & Noble.Thanks!
says to move to #California if you want to raise money
": A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga."
needs to tweet:)
VincentIT is specializes as an iPhone apps development company are modernized with the latest iPhone trends to provide our clients the best…
no!! When I had mine my manager wanted me to work the day after !
So I just submitted my first article to the Reader.I hope it works out.
floor and when we got up there a homeless guy popped out of the closet cuz we were making too much noise...so we waited..cont
: Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity & decreases your risk of disease. Coffee is Acidic.
At work , chilling .
Hello anxiety, I hate you. Sincerely, me.
Let's go Brewers! Cuck the Fubs!!!
The Miami Heat won!!!! The Miami Marlins won!!! Now let's go Panthers let's get the win baby!!!! #pantherslive at 7:30pm
She don't gotta be the baddest hoe out there either!
Time to crash. Need to get some sleep before fox field tomorrow. Can't wait to enjoy the day!
ass so fat I need a lap dance!
i know .
and here i go..
had great seats to the show yesterday. I fell in love with personality. Who knew she was so damn awesome!
what are you doing tonight
love you too girl!
Who's great at hurting themselves? This girl! Wondering if I need an arm sling...
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old.
Speaking of shouts & whatnot. :) ..... Any #webdesign #tweeps want me to add 2our #web #design #list on #twitter & #listorious?
aye follow me back???
Dj Fuzzy Duck!
thank you for recognizing my gangsta lok
It doesn't matter, I've , and he will never disappont me <3
Well I think the prof pic is extremely artistic and beautiful, for the record. :)
99 JAMZ Community Voices 2nd segment guest this morning: Newton Sanon, President & CEO of the OIC of Broward County
Wow hartnell does fall all the time...
Sadly, this is going exactly according to Haley's gameplan.
you don't know this yet but you will one day guest vocal for my band >:) keep on keeping on man!
weekend is here
#lions come back to win from 0-20, they are for real.
welcome to twitter
It is an EX1_"R" right?
Sarah Palin: "I can see Sputnik from my house"
isn't he kind of married!?! Don't know if that plan is going to work out for you too well!
Every mothers day deserves a mothers night
What neighborhoods do you consider undiscovered in Los Angeles?
really? Shit, I was too busy smoking off campus with the exchange students.
Who needs religion when you can run?
45 mins later, found right bus to take me home. Effin A!
Sitting next to at #aam2012 is awesome. She's multitasking between tech and apps like I do.
RT : Looking at the awesomeness happening at #ala12; we may have to double the red bull
I just wanted something to clear this headache .. Didn't know I was gonna be lit 😳
S/O to for.being super pretty and having the perfect relationship. lol we use to be really close but we dont hang anymore
First speaker: Are we going to hold our charter schools to the same standards as our public schools? Scattered applause.
@ AAlcondez >>> My Pleasure as well...
Apple ibooks will be coming out soon with my new ibook for kids. It incorporates the Booksicals goal of encouraging reading through the art…
I like foothillsrehab group
Hello Elizabeth! :D
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed. blehhhh stupid snow
yeah boy
of #highered should eliminate reader comments on website. Adds nothing but disgusting, bitter backbiting. Readers deserve better.
it looks so nice
That moment when the hot guy in the front of the room is named Eugene
thank you! and i love spiderbites i bet theyre good
Not like i need my nose to breath or anything...
Nerdy things i just said @ starbucks upon receiving huge iced tea: 'wow, that's venti-er than i expected.' Oh lord its exhausting to be me.
Making a modified Chile-Hot Cheese w/ Cauliflower and Cilantro, p. 291. No paneer (tofu) and no cilantro.
Today's Weekly Idea got a shout out on Twitter and Facebook from a state senator, ! How freaking cool is that?
i saw ya pic girl im tryna get rite too dat shyt hard im on a diet i posta stop drinking sodas ima see how far i get wit dat
We here at dahlia black films hope to see more videos from talent and from you!
We are LOVING the catering for this conference, courtesy of Thanks so much for the delicious food and amazing service!
Nicole, I made a typo. EITC day is Friday, not Saturday. I fixed my tweet, but after your retweeted.
really graphic. Worst part about it was I couldn't see it on my end, but people were saying "um, I think youve been hacked bc your
that's a joke though, right???
franks & beans...
My AP class starts the definition unit. I will define free speech-- that disappearing American asset essential to democracy.
Thanks so much for the fantastic write up! We're thrilled that the trunk show at was a success :)
Were meant to crash. Madonna sounds like trash.
Yeah.. Good thing I didn't ask for your opinion.
I see deleted her tweet suggesting that Obama introduce a bill on gay marriage, which could only happen in Legally Blonde 2
it'd be awesome if followed us....<3
Attention Chicago Tribune employees: The cafeteria is out of coffee, so they just sold me a large Americano for $1. Happy valentine's day
Love business that use a "" instead of "" contact e-mail address. Feels more personal.
Can't wait to hear that banjo.
honestly, you and that bitch can go fuck yourselves.
we should pay lawmakers by the hour like a lawyer.
Superbowl gets #socialmedia command center out of necessity for comps & orgs 2 improve #custserve for audience& community...
I pretended to pick Mona Lisa's nose in paris.
welcome to twitter!
Very very worrying!!
Hey Siobhan, we were the dance act performing with Dara on Sunday, checking out front page, do you work there?
oh i have a serious food baby after Pizza Ranch tonight
This party just became a sausagefest.
If your LCS sucks, preorder through DCBS or buy digital. Easy!
is thankful...
Tell Dave to turn on U Stream.
SINCE IM A GEMINI IM ALOWED TO HAVE 2 PARTIES RIGHT>?! #GETIT? HAHA
I learned today that for a hip replacement they hammer the metal part into your femur. O_O
thanks but I have a super early meeting, can't make it tonight, hopefully next time
uh oh, craigslist tells me that i can afford an apt by the beach in san diego
just keep them away from any ceiling fans in the house- I recently made that mistake
THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! RT : I hate overused clichés, but this is why the Premier League is the greatest league in the world.
that my maria :)
Hey y'all is putting on Debacle Fest on May 4th, 5th and 6th. Get tix at Cairo, Porchlight Coffee and Wall of sound.
i dont care if im being such a retard... just get it trending(:
#MyBiggestFearIs Drowning Wen I Get In The Pool
2 weeks and minus one day I am leaving Charlottesville (forever??) and then going to LA and Big Sur and THEN moving to NYC.
thats what I use!!! the black one:) it works amazing
I am sure I can get you info. DM me your email.
I hope my contacts come in before graduation. :( I hate being blind.
thinking of you! Hope you're having a blessed day!
aw. I had no idea you had a crush on me. 😄
This is a good question. ! Why did you not bring cookies (for me to steal)?!?!?!
My Mom iS Forever Bitchinq ! Not ONE Day Without Hearinq Her Mouth ! Sdfu ^_^
Twitter Loves Me =) I tweet so Much Shit all the time & Never go to Twitter Jail =P he he he I'm such a Goodie Goodie.
BMW? A motorcycle?
Good lookin and much appreciative of the follow backs gentlemen
Teller at kleven contemporary!!
Im fighting a cold right now!
Then on Sunday- Ryan's band, Eva Grubb, is playing at Art's Concertina bar!! F- yeah!
Heck yeah!: Want $50,000 to pay off your mortgage? Play our Mortgage Madness Sweepstakes starting TUESDAY 8/7c. Look for code on air
TMZ is reporting the Lakers Jordan Hill has been charged with choking a family member.
When someone you need wont answer their phone>
holy fuck, give it a rest
Romance or lust?
Seriously though if I ever call Dylan dumb he immediately gets mad at me and then he just keeps on telling me I am and I'm like "ok" idk.
AD | Want to teach? Want to learn? It's like kindergarten... but for adults! RSVP at the link or email .
I just noticed that changed my bio again...
We are recording tracks for a new record today. A record that we will actually release. Hahahahahahahahaha. I kill me. Happy Holidays, kids
what omg how
: can u desgn next game for fans that live in Austin? We love u & the Spurs in Austin too.
Damn hurry up bitch.
agree, Rickie is a no-show so far this season
yes contact me at
Havent Been On Twitter For A While!
Just booked an extras gig for Tyler Perry's next movie.
Just Learned The Hard Way That Yhu Can't Depend On Some People To Do Shxt For Yhu But Its All Good This Is Just Teachinq Me To Be INDEPE ...
Why do you complain when your parents give you anything you want?
See us today at the 29th annual Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off. Supporting the local Boys & Girls club. What a great time and great cause
Thank you for the follow!
proud of you and as always, thanks for the constant inspiration! 🌟
It's way to hot to be doing anything else but laying out on the beach ☀
thank you nfl referees for costing the detroit lions and bob loblaws law blog week one victories. jerks.
Thanks for the follow. Checked out your site...just may read that book of yours...looks like something I'd like
good luck with those chains.
You're 14 and have a half-naked picture as your profile pic on Facebook? Your parents must be incredibly proud.
Musical word of the day: medesimo tempo - same tempo, despite changes of time signature
;) yes indeed baby girl! Because i praise Him for everything!! RT : I will take you all there
great win today look forward to seeing you next week good luck man looking forward to seeing you in playoffs
Killer Clowns From Outerspace.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
- my students love it.
Uh-oh, my students have discovered me on Twitter. Must make sure to keep my tweets appropriate from now on...
Fuck it I'm gettin tatted today
here :D ! *raising my hand*
ill txt you!!;p
phewww thank god
Nothing special, but I did buy a new purse- it's neon yellow & super obnoxious... I love it!
just a lady who 1) does all the cooking, does the grilling & mac n cheese and 2) i enjoy breakfast for dinner.
Thanks, Ben & Abby!
Yes they are wholesome, Freud is just reductive.
Watching Tv
word no clue what that means but that's what's up
I get to go to NYC & Chicago in early June for work, about 2-3 days in each city. Anyone have suggestions on what to see/do on my downtime?
Just seen mom in the office uh oh
This indian boy sounds gay and never shuts up!
Keep an eye out for programming coming from ; exciting stuff.
drunk jenga is the best.
Thx 4 fllwng Lk 2 read? FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
very cool about kitchen downtown. Best
I am slowly but surely getting a handle on my email problem. For the first time in 6 months I have fewer than 200 unread messages!
Lol, *whispers* Prince you stole Prod food? Lol
The feeling when you see.someone that looks like you
Mesa Grill features a nightly Chef’s Special, or order off our extensive menu with dishes from steak to fish to pasta. Join us for dinner!
The lady that holds up the line at McDonald's while she's deciding between diet and regular Pepsi. Yep.
Thanks for your continued support! Happy Friday Sunshine!!
lol it's too hot to listen to that right now
so excited for the TCA today!!!
happy you are at least getting to watch the Masters, see if the nurses will at least bring you an Arnold Palmer!
Ok I'm hitting the freeway, heading to to finish their inside windows.
I wish I could live in Laurie Anderson's. They do make an interesting couple though.
harley ride around manhattan and two sets of tix bought before 11am? it's going to be a productive saturday.
If I take a long time to reply to a text or tweet I just took a nap
Go Panthers!!
practicing for a show that I'm playing guitar at next Saturday :-) and I finally got my other guitar back from being
mine is the magnificent 7 from the 96 Olympics.
happy to! let us know where to send the codes ;)
#TheVoice Best talent show on TV!!!
Last night's re-watch of Ghostbusters proves once again that Bill Murray could carry a whole movie with just facial expressions.
Morning Rockstars! > Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us. - Sir Thomas Brown
I dont want da lil money niggas b makin down here like gotti said...I WANNA MAKE M'S NIGGA DATS MILLIONS..
Excited for the new restaurant from opening in the Milwaukee area:)
Original "ScrewHead" If The Gate Wasn't Open .. He Wasn't Selling
- while I don't disagree w/what "most" folks will do. I will say Chards are cold, and "most" ppl haven't had a good Riesling
This years big recovery in the World Series Ratings was much needed. It was the biggest improvement in one year in history.
I'm really kind of pissed that FX keeps freezing! I'm just trying to watch this Real game!! 😡
Cuban & dominican boys scare me , they be hella violent .
What is development timeline typically? Any anecdotal data?
best of luck to you in the future, except when you play Oakland...
Saw dust on the kitchen floor really helps locate cat pee.
At St Andrews Coast to Coast DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING FASHO SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY MIXER
I'm calling it right now Stern fixed it so that the Lakers and Celtics will make it to the finals for 1 last hurrah
From our METRO family to yours, we hope you had a great Thanksgiving holiday!
I read Jacobin frequently, and NLR when I can, but I also like Libcom's anarchist/libertarian communist views
We are posting hundreds of end-of-summer and fall pageants! Find pageants to enter...Add your pageant free! www.pageantcenter.com
uh oh! What is it? Can't wait to try! Just got home...
"Would've gotten away with it, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!" but no...it wasn't me. #scoobydon't
I love the lines the men use to get us into bed. Please, I'll only put it in for a minute. What am I, a microwave? - Beverly Mickins
“: #loveindy our idea is so good!” go team!
#nightmare! RT i had a dream i was super late for Warped Tour & then didnt end up going......
David Shing from Aol is Talking about Changing the Communication Game. Super enlightening on how to reach consumers.
Gesture, line, communication, embodiment, mystery, mark, dot, expression, intention&inward looking
I hope this encourages you - "Mother's Day at Elevation Church" :
Is anyone else nervous that Americans will be banned from Italy after the Jersey Shore films over there? I am!!
Staats advised van Rensserlaer about patrionship management such as how many farms could be established.
Was fretting about beginning a new chapter. Finally started. Now rocking it out. Awesome!
yeah I thought he was 21, at least! so strange, looks can be deceiving..apparently he bought whiskey from a store w/ a fake id
Thank you very much!!
two with Jim. More with a few other producers.
Get you tails to Murphy's Tavern!!!
I'm up.. Pshhh it's not even mid-night yet haha
how can I explain this scratching my brain, how can ten hours feel like ten years
wonderful school and great programs. Looking forward to the potential partnership between our organizations.
Would you all judge me if I said that my relaxation routine at the end of a long day involves jelly bellys & Pinterest? (I mean... what?)
I have the Only Anti Aging cure.....Drop Dead & push up some daises! That's it so can we all just get the Hell over our Age? ~Lisa Morgan
u always have the best shoes!
Time to get my tan on.
Enough to make me not want to look at the recepits for awhile!
Athazagoraphobia is the fear of being forgotten.
#49ers defense are owning the LOS.
dude what is up with you and Figgins? I sense some animosity there....lol
Raw food diets are not appropriate for every pet. A combo of cooked and raw might just be what the doctor ordered. See www.wholepetdiet.com
Confused as hell!
Finally watching Jumping the Broom, got a feeling it's about to be a crazy funny movie
My house?
lol you welcome it was good at the beginning but I couldn't get into it
Join Adfed Miami Sept 22. 7-10pm for the Salute to the ADDYs @ The Sports Exchange/Coral Gables. RSVP www.adfedmiami.com
Greater tragedy: An aging and increasingly paraniod population dictating state laws -OR- Adam Sandler still being allowed to make movies?
RT : Real soon, I'll need a better excuse than "Sorry, I'm trapped in a Chilean copper mine right now."
please I get so bored. Text me if u doo
MT : Um, not sure if you heard about my intvw wi the President today?? You'll see it tonight on & tmrw
I swear this school district ain't shitn
Because helped out did all of the technology production for the event for us!
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO CO-OWN AN ACCOUNT? THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
#NFL schedules released today - would you rather #Chargers play tougher games early in season or late?
hey there, stranger
now that your arm is busted, you should get someone else to do the cooking for ya! :)
On a tour of Willow Creek Church production area.
you could have spoken to me just as much as I could have spoken to you. Are you coming to the show Friday?
Rise and Grind #I'm UP #
Knight's stubbornness and ignorance is getting the best of him. Does he realize he looks like an idiot?
Two strong storms are blooming west of the metro now, one near Litchfield and another heading into Glendwood.
Better start tweeting
omg everytime you tweet a quote I'm nearly in tears their so sweet and cute ! Loveyou , please follow or tweet me <3
Congrats to for her Single "The Look" charting #20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany
that's fine:)
“: I'd train my brains out to jump up to the elite heat to watch you lap me.” My Mac & Track worlds just intersected!
a cocarita will help!
whoa! - since when were you so gangster?!
The two big social nets are #Twitter and #Facebook with logos 't' and 'f'. #Programmers know them as 'true' and 'false'.
Went to bed early, so now I will be up the rest of the night. Time for some late night/early morning TV.
glad to be a part of the sm girlfriends world absolutly love this ....
Love hearing from you!
CM will host a free talk tomorrow at 7:30 pm on the LA Riots. 's will moderate. RSVP to (213) 473-7002.
Sushi Rocks = Best place EVARRR (: ahaa .
gave a visit to the set for Chapman Elementary auction! They're so supportive of Portland & we love them back!
They sing. They dance. They die. The Independence Community Theater is doing a preview show for us of Scream Queens: The Musical on 4-28.
#Energy is that amazing feeling that comes to life inside of you when you're happy and believe in yourself.
Wow! happy mother's day to my mother!! The most strongest , beautiful, confident , fearless woman in the world :)
if u wanna dance, dance and if u wanna sing juss sing. dont let anybody stop u.
Yes it is!! www.thegreatdividemusic.com
yeah but no...when u guyzzz asked me am i mad??...i sed NO but im actually am...i just kinna hide it....n
Elle Fanning is a little girl? Coulda fooled me.
Madison tonight. Minnesota tomorrow damn
I have had my twitter for some time but I really wanna get back to the bullshit tweets
ha! this is why i love you.
“: Happy Cuatro de Mayo! May the Fourth be with you.”
I'm ready for a nap!
Still on the road...
RT: RT TrainerTip - Great learning facilitators are a guide on the side, not a sage on the stage.
i'm mad as hit at cuz i tried to talk to him on webcam and he skipped my ass smh
have a good weekend. Thanks for the chat this week!
thanks for having us! You made a lot of new fans.
Was the first published black novel released before or after Slavery was abolished by President Lincoln? go to www.americanlegacymag.com
remember that one time I was gonna get up early to get a lot done in the AM but then I slept till 11? remember when that was today?
sorry to butt in - comment may be n/a. from #PtSafety perspective not happy w/ c1do1 etc
Um..Ew..?? Don't u spammers kno that u spell "porn" "pr0n"? Amateurs & so beneath my professional level. Kthxbai xoxo
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not become like every other asshole guy
Time for DVR delayed idol.
Pretty soon we'll be offering some Ethiopia Tchembe N2 coffee. We've had this in the past, and it's amazing.
#hth2012 quest on Archimedes Palimpset (materials, temperature, humidity / PH, etc.) all taught with modding commercial games
Is excuse me or I'm sorry to long to say? Imean dang come on peeps.
Where is the good music at!!? gheesh!!!
what are the other languages?
Whenever I see a guy who's in touch with his feminine side, I usually think to myself "he's either gay or Mormon."
Brewers are on the MLB network tonight at 8:35 CST and Braun isn't in the starting lineup.
Made my easy-peasy #quinoa #salad tonight and it was a hit! It'll be even better as part of my lunch tomorrow ;-)
RT : I think we should get #SpreadTheLove a TT !
Christmas is fun with kids. My little girl had a great time. Her favorite was a barbie Jeep. She needs her own parking space in our garage.
It's old but still really in RT : I'm wearing my Dolce & Gabbana dress that I wore to my Year 9 formal. It s
On my way to Cirque du soleil with my best fraaaannnn! :)
Not tonight, please, we're a little short-handed.
y'all should have a contest an winner gets to spend a day with you guys ( hint hint lol) ;)
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, please take them off.
Y'all just rapping
--> RT : LMAO #OOMF said if you want this pussy life her gut you gotta work fo this...shes a riot
Although orgs can't set up accounts on Google+ yet, librarians should play with it now and learn it, in case it catches on.
FINALLY!!!! got verified!! woooohoooo, we should all celebrate *happy dance*
girl yes! Finally we all freaking girls my little brother is 2 years old
Not a chance . RT Your prego RT : I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting. It's a warning
okay. 10 for our hunty skype date. (: I will be busy with life guarding, 2nd job & summer classes ):
Dear friend, I love you too death. but PLEASE stop trying to dougie!!!!!
ya my goal was to break that mark by the end of the year :-)
Now I want to get back to #flipboard - this twitter stream looks too messy...
. thanks for help spreading the word!
It's nice to see you Thanks for following!
#slash w/ #blackeyedpeas - how random. The only singable part of
This week I'm giving myself the gift of 's Prize Winners during work breaks.I want to lick Goodbye Ruby to thank it for being.
I'm not sure yet my parents aren't home yet but the doors open at 6
also I'm liking Angels under 8 today
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday! We're back to normal hours, pop in for brunch today until 3pm, then enjoy Happy Hour 3pm-Close!
Bad decision to by Wilson to spike the ball. What a game
With Joy shall you draw waters from the wells of salvation.
oh, you live in portland then?
Did you see my Status on facebook????
Heading to Wrigley today. I kinda like the #Brewers chances, but only if Suppan can limit the #Cubs to say around 9 runs.
If you must fall, Fall forward!
Thank you Veterans.
Tired from nothing :L x
Places everybody...here it comes. Storm hitting Brown Deer right now.
Stoked to be present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to teach Spanish to black adults after-work...introducing KY to AfroLatinos!
And we're off! Thank you so much to all of our generous sponsors for making this possible- especially our presenting sponsor, #MillerLite!
i swear i can listen to kid cudi all day!!js
can u fulfill my fantasies?
Thanks for the tweet ! That's right, free shuttle to Brewer Home Games! Swing batta!
I turned my head to avoid him。。。don't want saw him 。。。But he staring at me。。。how can I do?? that's Pain
the funny thing about Scharpling is that he's ruthless with his callers. Gives but can't get.
MADISON PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!<3(:
Didn't ask, please don't tell! LOL : )
takin mike james to IHOP: 'my treat, uncle',
Sorry to be missing all of the Walgreens action back in Chicago...
nope I haven't but I'll check them out (: hey I'll be back later on tonight ttyl
just checked my grades for the semester: A,B,B,B thats pretty str8 for someone who hasn't bought textbooks in 3 years lol
Why is "Man on Fire" on right now?! I need to go to bed but I love this movie!
BTW, the person beating me is a photographer from right here in MY TOWN! Can you believe that? We started out about the same time.
Basketball is amazing this time of the year! Good to see FSU is gonna beat the Dukies... I love college hoops more than any other sport!
363: I learned that vitamins B, C, D & E are good for your brain and keep it functioning well into old age, so I'm thankful for veggies!
Mask Brothers 4 Life!
Happening Now: Pandia is killing it on stage at #whiskeytango They are good!!!
Thanks you sir!
Hi Megan! Thanks for the support. I will let you know. I'm aiming to launch the kickstarter early next week.
You guys went and saw it i'm going later today! Have you read the other books..
coming to the show next week babes ?
Order a lot of Za and book the conf room for 4 hrs. Going IN on this Learning Luncheon.
Grizzlies are playing OKC Thunder today at 2pm! Get down here & watch our stolen team... cheap drinks and eats.
History exam
Honestly did anyone think Texas would be Oklahoma?
Dude! You would retweet that tweet! ;]]
interview canceled due to the severe ice storm...
can't wait to share the stage with y'all!!! (:
#dmdcawards finalists: did we miss you or any of ur dancers in today's #FF? Please let us know their handle(s)
The Memphis tigers let the entire country down this year..including the president
Trifecta! RT haha.it's the 1st thing I told J when I woke. It's Hitlers bday. Columbine. And 4-20 smoke fest.
Im at worrk i'll try and go wen i get off tho
Definitely! Give us a call (phone number on website) and we'll help you out!
If I were to ever draw graffiti on a wall, I would do what teachers always do and write "SAVE" next to my work. That'll show 'em.
So nothing's changed? :) RT : I'm always stirring up trouble. Everyday.
i think should tweet me... why? just cuz I have nothing better to do(:
Now throw your hands up in the sky
oh alright. and thats good man. I'm just preparing for finals atm. then I get to come home.
Excited for tonight at w/
On a side-note, I need a new Lal avatar, but I can't find a good image to turn into one. orz
well I'm working this summer so what day would it be exactly man??
Is it me or players in the NBA are getting really soft. What happen to playing ball, stop looking for a foul every trip down the court.
Agreed. A lot of column A and some of column B is a good recipe
Thank you. I'll try to stop by tomorrow.
Torres on for #ChelseaFC Get one!
LeGarrette Blount owners: Pretend it's 2007 & pick up Earnest Graham. Former fantasy football stud could be a waiver wire gem.
Eminem new album..... > COMING SOON...!
ugh gotta get that leeeaaddd!
Great day in the classroom today! Love teaching about the emergence of Capitalism and Marxism.
Congratulations to Heard about your house and Nursing! Miss you! Hope everything is well! :))
Member ship to best for best fitness!
Chicago please..Metro area
Amusing myself watching the #OccupyBaltimore drama between and
Wanted a cup of tea yet grabbed a glass of wine <-- why yes it has been a long day.
Straight Hip-Hop love songs with the finisher Mr. Cee on Hot 97
"Don't forget the Supah!" * voice*
The author will be a speaker at the ALTAFF Gala Tea at Midwinter. DM me and I'll save a seat for you at the Harper table.
People who STAY on nowaygirl
you should try it. Probs my 3rd or 4th fav mainstream beer (fat tire being up there towards the top)
I kissed a girl and I almost died...
Why do we build the wall?
oh I hope so! If they come to dallas then yes!
many thanks! Hope u can make it portland soon!
Don't forget to sign up for Friday's user group ft. CampusHelp Financial aid! Email to sign up!
Searching for that meaning.
WAIT I like that song called I like it like that by hot chille rae
MT : Tonight & are kicking off a summer long conversation on race. Join the conversation w/the hashtag
true with slight correction: I know how to properly rest/ unwind so I work even better :)
I feel like i shouldnt even try
Going hard on my memoir(:
on ss... They are like the plague.. Pouring beer like Locust
This is #pet rescue month. Be an angel and rescue a shelter pet today! Your rescue dog or cat will probably rescue you back! xox
Thanks for the follow! We have a really unique bread we'd love you to try out. The website is being redone, so bare with me
yeah i did and its really good :)
I wish I was rich, but then again, who doesn't
Harn Eminent Scholar in Art History (HESCAH) proposals due Feb. 27 for 2012-13 year. Who would you like to bring to campus?
whos play first?
I think I'll go to bed now. I'll follow more people tomorrow:p
Really looking forward to the & double feature tonight!
We just got partnership! Right on :D
thanks 4 the #ff! Have a good weekend
T1: I have to exercise, be active, and get adequate rest!
ohh true. Are you going to opening day with me and alex?
Math city bitch math math city bitch, math city bitch math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 makes 50 bitch!
iMultitask: While in meetings where my role is primarily listener, dial in using cell phone and go for a walk.
Finally watching on Adore, adore, adore her.
Its amazing, was on this boat 3 yrs ago ": Cruising the Inner Harbor w/ the Scotsman and crew after SMEI networking event."
Thanks for the follow!...yeah man, send me a link to some of your stuff.
Help us reach our goal of 1,000 followers by RT and telling your friends to follow ! Thank you!
keep forgetting how much I enjoy the twitterverse; I should come here more often. Even better now that is now tweeting.
I still got it for ya I still got it for ya
must you always play a douch bag with really bad hair?
Thanks! That's what I ended up going with. Oh, the things we write about....
Great article. I just tweeted it out, sorry I forgot to retweet you on it!
The tracks I got comin are ALL bangers.
worse in person
Would you guys rather us play Birdy's (Indianapolis 21+) or Jake's (Bloomington 21+) on Friday, February 24th?
Now that sux! You know who to harass when you get there!
wee always text you and you are always to be to hang out with us.! smh
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be their world.
this is why we get along!!! ;)
Roby woke asking if he could do something like a rock star this morning. Then he freaked out when I told him we didn't have any oatmeal.
At SFO waiting for next flight. 4 more days on the road then home....
English is booooorrringg
just followed u
#indieview a1: judy blume was definitely hot. It was slightly scandalous (I'm old!) to even be reading in her 4th grade.
That's awesome. Congratulations. And such cute clothes for little girls!
and, now it's stuck in mine, too. :)
My mom is annoying.
Even though you live like on the other side of the world I still have a crush on you 😉💙👍
you are very good at playing basketball.
Those at #CovertTU are wondering where is....
I can't stand watching Tyra
Hi Tone, resident Russia watcher. Your thoughts on #Hollande, a little further west?
So happy I getti buy a dress for my friends party but my bf won't text back so I'm kinda freaking out!! ):)
I am one month into changing up the lifestyle, and succeeding at it so far. I feel great
Then why did the USSR go from backwater feudalism to world power in 30 years?
Tweeting from hackathons and #SWMadison is hard for me... I jump into the weeds for the span of event, soak it in and then come up for air.
-he'll never give up on me..
so many people at starbucks....
Rooms available this evening for your post Superbowl crash.
A 2013 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 will lead the starting field of the 96th Indianapolis 500 on May 27.
Congrats to David Condon for being the employee of the month! Look for some exciting news for tomorrow's #elections from !
ha ha. Sorry. I'm an idiot. I'm just giving my good friend a hard time.
Just finished our comic {check it out... www.belowthebrim.blogspot.com}. Right now I'm tweeting to myself but we'll grow soon. LOL.
Working on marketing stuff all weekend....Time to tighten things up!
the old people can back to haunt me lol, my doggie sound a sleep lol
": Aye!!!get money fast pedal to medalRT : On another level by #NP on "
I love when rappers name drop designers.
Does anyone at RISD have a solid state relay I can borrow? cc Risd Architecture / RISD : Digital + Media
Check out our san duwgo groupon running now! Get great deals on tickets for 2/26 show!
Non-lawyers owning law firms will happen. Next 5 years or so (already in Australia and Great Britain).
Just got my hair done :)
RT : It's not about how hard u fall it's about how fast u get UP!
the world just lost a beautiful soul with ruby red lips and dancing feet. love you forever, grandma.
CHALLNEGE: Feeling lucky? The first 7 fans to get 7 people to "Like" their post will win a FREE Fit2Go meal! You only have until 4 p.m....
In Paris. It is beautiful!
Rock Smith
"Damn foo, you're always eating!!"
Excellent. It's that time of the year where the birds start painting my car with their feces.
What Are the Odds That Stats Would Be This Popular?
That would help! When will you be in San Francisco?
RT : #Lollapalooza this weekend -- if you volunteer you get in for free! Volunteering pays!
RT just been called fat by my parents. back to the ricecake diet i guess...
Like I actually listen in bio . lmfao hell no.
sure thing!
Tumblr is down..
shooting for a primetime appearance...no pun intended
In the past when I was in Hollywood, I was like a dog. I felt humiliated...People would even ask me 'Jackie Who?'. -- Jackie Chan
great article today!
well see
is anybody putting out the J.wilson record here? Love him
Oh yeah my friend from Columbia just taught me how to salsa!
What?! RT : Most impressive passers @ 1st glance this afternoon: Landry Jones, Anrdew Luck & Jordan Jefferson.
The best response to a negative review is to do a better job the next time.
lucky :c
Do people really need to shit and talk on the phone at the same time? -.-
I follow u :)
- Lol no YOUR PUT MAID OR BUTLER! I think it should be opposite
Leaders aren't born they are made.Through hard work. And that's the price we all have to pay to achieve that goal or any goal.Vince Lombardi
I hope u have a nice day i am going to schol in about a half an hour <3 I can wait till the last day of school
Sending a birthday shout out to our very own !
#RedSox RHP Aaron Cook was sent to the DL...Andrew Miller was recalled from #PawSox as rehab window would have expired today.
75% of access of her district's databases came after school, on holidays and weekends.
nah trust Kevin durant in like 3 years is going to be on the top
I was disappointed in Young Adult except for Paton Oswalt was AMAZING!!!!!!!
I couldn't agree more. Enjoy your travels.
Any opportunities that have come with using twitter
can you really have a bushel of stone crabs?
Definitely Mark Smith's home run the night of the Cordova/Rincon no-hitter in 1997.
how was the workout sir?
The tech in me is screaming for an iPhone!
RT : Not every potato is the same, and differences in starch can alter an entire dish. Learn the best use for each potato:...
No one has ever drowned in sweat
Hope the Genuine Girlfriends Win! I'd love to make this a reality! We help people/nonprofits while building genuine friends
Verdict just in... I'm staying on the plaza!!!
should be down with that - too bad lives at home now, would have been a nice addition
Don't miss Dance Yes We Can! featuring a wide variety of dance talent from the DC region. Tickets only $25 at www.shakespearetheatre.org
lol guys do lie..
well, its not the Cubs. But it will do.
Minister Franklin Hobbs: I am concerned about recriminations. There's a sense of hopelessness in the community.
Very cool! Which saint?
A lot of folks in IT and especially in storage are unhappy hockey fans tonight.
I agree! RT I think should let you go down the slide!
i read the first chapter of the first one and was like this is shit idgaf
Happy 2012 from everyone at UA!!! Hope everyone had a fun and safe weekend.. with minimal hangovers :)
enjoy the family time. Hope you doing well:-)
Ok so Selena deleted her instagram & supposedly Justin dmed a fan saying its true him & Selena did break up....
haha what? Help me understand... Found your twitter through the image pin wp plugin btw.
great to catch up with you today at #aatc. Look forward to continuing our discussions.
Got a NEW SONG up now! "All I Need". Check it out!
These pigeons are pecking at each other's faces. Not the brightest.
ill call the liquor store
GRRRRRRRR!!! Let me at 'em!! I'll sort 'em out for you!!
Hope you're geting great capital gains from the sale of Takes a while to build up a lot of Twitter contacts.
A couple things I didn't know- County Council can't fire Chief Teare, but it can impeach Leopold. Would need 5 votes on the 7 member council
11/1/11 - Gotta be something special about this day!!! Cool...
thx! We were shocked too!
#TeamUgly and im proud <3 the only person that needs to tell you that your pretty is yourself <3 Believe in yourself
wheres the money in the bank match?
So everything the White Sox do with their bullpen this year is stupid, huh?
it is true
#Obama2012 seems a lot like Jimmy Carter 1980. Failed President trying to make opponent seem scary, while dodging his own record.
You would be 21 it's ok
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
why don't you like Katy Perry?
IM TIRED ASS FUCK DUDE..FINNA DROP MY FRIEND OFF AT HIS HOUSE THEN IM TO THE HOUSE N OUT LIKE A BABY WIT A HOT BATH N CEREAL BOTTLE:-) !!!!
morning! Thanks for the wishes, wishing you the same.
Due diligence can identify opportunities to improve IT effectiveness, cut costs and fully leverage resources. Learn...
#3WordsForYou never ever forget
Been watching #NewGirl on #Hulu. Have become a fan
That's my butt! Not yours! ;)
Exercise your mind, READ!
Three years ago today I saw Sing It Loud play the Rave Bar for $8. It was my first ever show at the Rave, thanks to .
Nothing is more terrifying than a seemingly endless sneezing spell.
like on TV and have a party and stuff. :)
Ok....take all the time yhuu need (; :P
Laptops for Kids & Teens starts at 3:30. Get the extra computer time you need to finish that final project before the school year ends.
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great day!
Do you ever sit outside and look, really look, at all the different shades of green in nature? It's Really amazing!
.i wish i had someone to grub with right now...
I'm good, thanks! How are you? :D
Hey, what happened to your tumblr?
how are you coming along?
Watching at sxsw
People who have dreams and do what they can to reach them are so amazing!
What happens at the Maryland writers conference?
Just rescued a little red kitten! He was left to fend for his self! Now he has found a friend for life! Happy Oct. To everyone!
Lol, I like Kansas City. Good, solid, And temperate, just like me. Nice change of pace. And I got to see family, which is good
my bad i ment bo we was suppose to do vegas togetha
yall killed it at HALO !!
sit n the spa chair
It's Far Better to Buy a Wonderful Company at a Fair Price Than a Fair Company at a Wonderful Price" Warren Buffett
Great music begins at 4pm. , , ,
You're so cute with that smile you got going :)
hey wassup spoke to harry at jump off.. do you want to come thru to unity radio for an interview..
wow, it makes one wonder, of all the account numbers, how/why that one
We hit the $4 mark last week. It's down around $3.85 or so now, but we'll see how long that lasts!
I wanna go bowling
and KU library providing open access to current and past scholarship.
oh yes my friend we make the most harmonious shit ever!
today closed .....see you tomorrow!!
Trying to find your car in a #WalMart parking lot.
Q6 We do have a "wall of shame" in the workroom. We keep photos of thieves+if we see them we watch them
It's not the wind, it's the set of the sail in your heart. Where are you setting your sails on today? That is where you are heading today.
Is it weird that I play tag with my cat?
Hi Everyone, I am at the doctors office, expect more offers to come, hang in there. We are negotiating more deal to save you more money.
ah aha yeah good luck with that! :)
rekindling a friendship
Cant wait for friday!
you should
Deaf People can't hear there own farts. Wow!
I'm playing 20 people on Draw Something and nobody is freaking going right now. ugh!!!
please answer my DM is important..for me
You obviously have REALLY good taste :)
Ahoy matey! haha RT not judging....it's a pet peeve! Khakis and blue blazer just scream "Oh Captain!"
Then you are.
what if it were a Union Bay, instead?
different pizza types for every person :)
Key advice. RT “I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.” —Stephen King
ik its gone get crazy lol bt we just gotta pray for them ppl.
Freshman and sophomores that complain about how they didn't get to go to prom <<<< #uh #awkward #underclassmenprobz ?
wow! got a makeover. Love the new design. So clean, so 2012!
If you followed us and are still waiting for that coupon code, shoot me a tweet and I'll DM you (buy 2 shirts, get 10bux off)
Yay party tonight @ ravens
Look in my profile on twitter and look at the picture at the end I am with my brother there is a picture -
Thanks for the shout outs ! Together, we'll help residents save on energy!
its TAX TIME!!!!! We are giving away $75 Send-A-Friend
It is great to see Americans having so much success now. Hell, even once-maligned Jozy Altidore is lighting it up (two today)
been off Twitter a while but just came back. Love the Popes. That would be Awesome! Still avail??
are you still not going to enter in the contest:)?
Happy April 1st Tweeps! I knowI am not following any Fools! Have a wonderful day. Going to get my #church on!
It's Friday! What is on the weekend agenda?
oh good!! Yes, it was nice. I still made dinner, but I had my little family all to myself all day. :)
S/O to the most important woman of my life and my mother! They are both great mothers and I love the dearly!! <3
too cool!!! Knitting outside with a double barrel next to you omg!
#raw10 Broke up wit a woman cause she lied about her Job. she said she was a Ad Dir. she Twirled Signs
omg!! I NEED that in my life!!
its now time to see if i can get a follow from and for my birthday<3
is this seriously happening on the 10 strings & a choir? as your backup? How is this a singing competition?
Awesome! :) Great music taste...I like all of those!
Oh lord. Just like #peterose. Downward spiral...
So sleepy. Someone make me waffles.
hahhaha I swear I thought I was following you. Like legit.
Switchin between Martin n Da Clippers Game
Was good meeting publicist, at the ETA theatre production of FLOW at Westinghouse high.
WHY IS EVERYONE BEING TAGGED AS SHOES ON FACEBOOK.
haha I'm glade u understand me and my humor ;)
stupid ticket!!!
your welcome here in Chicago any time.
Ask Anna: Specialty paint spruces up countertops
i'm across the street at work and wish I was watching ovie instead. There was a pep band outside and popo on horses!
RT : Please know that hardywood is a magical place with delicious beer in #rva. Everyone go. You're welcome.
Wi-fi installed at home...getting my place ready for the iPad 3!
suree why not
“: Having a cocktail #WINNING” thanks for coming sir!!!
My mom is going to be so pissed right now.
Digital Media Ghost (DigMedGhost) thanks for the follow.
that sounds quite awkward
These bachelors are creative AND good looking oh we!
Every time I say #leduh I can't help but think of That's what I get for reading #WhatCourtneyWore religiously!
How about? "Don't let a hot date turn into a DUE date."
Sex in a gazebo by a lake in the summer rain :)
Amazed today at how quickly responded to our API issue via Twitter and mail. Nice job guys! I'll check out your E4 product.
Dont only Girls get hurt..:/
Yes“ #MoreFemalesShould Stop wearing fake Red Bottoms !!!”
Congrats ma'am!! RT : I graduate college in 8 days! 😃
I am seeking advice on renting out my house, or a portion of my house. Who should I talk to for an assessment?
that's really all you can do. I should be in NC next weekend... maybe we can do lunch :-)
Our Holiday Shopping Special Edition hits inboxes tomorrow! Be on the lookout!
#uwannaimpressme eat me til I'm dry
I miss Tosh and Yento. :/ RT : heh, true. the only thing similar are jack, gwen, and jack's libido.
definitely, it's time to move away from jquery callbacks soup
very cool! ty for thinking of me :)
well, I always have time. Aha, we'll work something out(:
God Morining World!!
Just got out of the studio.
Thank you and "An Evening with the Arts" was awesome event! All of your hard work really paid off! Thanks :-)
Thank you for adding your notes to our unAgenda. We look forward to collaborating with you.
Tell me, I’ll forget. Show me, I may remember. Involve me and I’ll understand -Ancient Chinese proverb
I thank God for blessing me with such amazing friends & such an amazing boyfriend...I'm truly so thankful.
hm....good day to launch a balloon;)
Happy SPD to you also. I want to get drunk from ur big ass >:)
I'd take Nate Swanson, Duke of Como, over that British stiff any day of the week.
Wait til you see what the Denton's did to their home. It's part of the Tour of Remodeled Homes this weekend. at 6:30pm.
Music has a role in changing the whole world: often slowly, 1 person at a time it calls us 2, reminds of us of, our better selves: always!
It's time to come home :-(.
My big accomplishment today was wearing pants. Laundry be damned.
Sounds like you're loving agency life :) and I want to come play in Chicago with you soon!
Lincoln softball sweeps Redmond, wins game two 5-2 C Huston goes 4, gets win, T Muir last 3 for save Cards now 16-1
Congrats on getting closer to finishing "The Dust That Floats.... very happy for you!
AJ is just mad because he is a huge idiot what else is new how you been kelli i miss uxxxx
But of course. :)
Doctor's office with my mom
“: : great!”that's what's ul
"Real music you rarely hear/ Unless you listenin right here"
Seeing in a few hours fcjkdsodeifjdieo
you ain't ready for panama! You bet not be all chill like last year! I need crazy gogo ash!
impossible! goonies is way better... a classic!
Having fun with a co-worker's Southern pronunciation of "Winnebago." Sounds like "rutabaga."
♥ Ariana is Gorgeous Liz Gillies is Beautiful Best Brother Frankie ♥
www.SabaSabaMusic.com representing Uganda,Africa to the fullest.
some apartment burned down so me and my mommy donated clothes for the poor familys that lost everything in the fire ;D
Yay for retreating to write! Beach = massive bonus. Hugs to you
Thanks. Best to you and family during this trying time.
what are you talking about? 😏
I should add..... I desperately want to go to at&t park. Look how awesome it is there!
thanks lady! Enjoy the weekend!
your baby daddy's new facebook picture, omg.
Like this if you have ever been stranded on the side of the road!
Good morning from ATL!! :-) Have a wonderful day in Salem!! xo
no rattlesnakes. But thanks for the concern boo. :)
fact: i have never used skype.
classic! Watched the trailer for "battleship" the movie today.
RT : “If only they enforced bank regulations like they do park rules, we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
Next time I'm getting the 64 GB iPhone this one already full sheesh
If you write "I'm kind of a big deal" in your twitter bio in some sort of ironic jest, you've just told me all I need to know.
The Angels of Transparency, together with Archangel Raphael are here to help us to heal the Inner Child.
Even without the buzz of #nyfw, I'm missing NYC, big-time.
My strategy is to pin based on my personality/community-making it integrated into the day
#10FBTips Monitor Insights. Engagement Rate = # of People Talking About This divided by # of Likes. Avg. engagement rate is 2%
Nice evening, and birds happily chirping.
I got a good feeling about today! Or it might just be my drugs talking
i cant find my shoe :c LOL<3
Thank you for the follow!
Wow...Robert "Mutt" Lang turns 63 today. Happy Birthday "Mutt". Amazing music producer working and creating music with amazing artists!
Working both jobs today agh 👎
#Bears up 3-0 over the
Without humor life is boring. Without love life is hopeless. Without friends like you, life is impossible.
RT : Thx for the retweets! I follow anyone who follows, favorites, retweets me! (Except haters, ranters, scammers, spammers.)
