LOL! You'll have to give me the recipe;-)
The Scale demo at the GDC experimental gameplay workshop looked deeper and more intuitive.
Definitely will say hi!
this shit is too funny lol
Damn I ain't getting no love right now 😔
imma be sore on Monday ! Lower body too ! #OMG I'm scared
I make your money like a ghost call it casper bucks
Follow me back bro
RT : Hey Heather I enjoyed the call thanks to for reminding me:) thanks
I Don't Even Want To Talk To Anybody Today!
Going on at 4p to preview our joint story on tornadoes w/ We ask, are we #stormready? Join us!
One day ima start goin to church again on Sundays !!!!
I've wondered about that too....
thank you Mr. Barker for promoting adopting a shelter animal. They are the most amazing and loving companions!
Tonight the moon meets up with #Mars in #Virgo- instead of being critical channel that energy into self-improvement and fitness
Thats an insult to men to call that gun toting thug a man.
lol how was school?:)
Thnks QT : I feel you bro. I know exactly how u feel. I've been in your shoes...
I want to buy all the flowers tiny knit hats and scarves.
morning or afternoon ?
Restorative practices and youth courts in the middle school.
Theres a couple things I wanna do
Who else is going to this weekend? I hear it is dress-up for Halloween! Can't miss an excuse to dress-up!!!!
meet your biggest fan (x
I can't stand wannabe's! No originality havin muth@!#%$'s. Get a life, lame!
to all my beloved followers no words can appreciate ur help in promoting my Florida thriller "PYTHON" 7.89 AMAZON
You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine.
nice dick, cud b better if pubic hairs was shaped up.
Playing with the web.config file for my library's website. I have the power!
Go you!
Great event Team VA! : Hundreds of Women for Obama supporters out in Falls Church #FiredUp for
OKC Party Bus Gift Cards are now available for the ultimate Christmas Gift. $100-$1000 values Call 405.447.2446 to order today!
i have a phone interview this afternoon. #pleasethinkgoodthoughts #ineedallthe joojooicanget
Haha I'd die without my tv! that's too funny. Xoxo
Spring beauty today! HIGH: 72. Saturday pick of the weekend. Sun, late t-storm. HIGH: 71. Washout Sunday. 1-3" rain & wind. Tapers Monday.
did Barca really have 82% of possession?
"Whats that suppose to mean?" - lol please follow back?
always keep ur hopes up & if don't come to you than u go to him! #HuntHimDown Lol
Was just thinking the same thing about you, #WalkerFailure. MT : "... prone to stunning degrees of inaccuracy."
im sorry guys tried to cover it, I didnt want to mess up everyoneso day but lil man is down!
Damn I forgot to put washing powder in and close da lid. My clothes been in dis bitch doin da aquaman for bout a hour!
iphone “: RT if you're touching an Apple product. #SteveJobs”
no she said Tia tweeted it yesterday.. She said they want more money
ding ding ding, excellent job, you must have experience painting! Happy Friday :)
Makin a manly homecooked meal and looking foward to watching 's #LightsOut with
This is My New Twitter so please follow me and try to get me 1,000 by today.
I'll keep it real... It's hard being me, but with His help I'makin it
The lights go down at #pdxCandide ... Excited!
Did you hear about the guy from Newfoundland who was twenty-two years old before he knew which part of the olive to throw away?
on my way to get certified to register people to vote very important that we vote. votehenrybrim.com
after having a long day its nothing like peace, and a glass of wine.
she needs it! She's bein a pill this morning!
You might be thinking of Audiomation
Bogart rock'n it at O'RILELY'S IN #DALLAS # ROCKMUSIC
I heard an ad for a service called "Stash" by Mozy. They said "Mozy's Stash" twice, it made me shiver both times.
S/o to my bm. She stay stuntin but she know she fucked up lol aint no replacing a real nigga straight up.
just got word that our albums mixing is now done, now just waiting for album art then to cd baby and Itunes we go! ;)
Check out tonight starting 10pm.
It's hard to imagine business today without the "e" in front of it...
sure you are at the gym?
See if he'll sing Brick House like in Houseguest.
prude is usually perceived as not doing sexual stuff..:o
they go on sale at 4 eastern. :)
Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision
Finally out of the inning after they struck out Derek Webb.
you go girl :)
our company is owned by over 38 people mostly friends and family Really get sense of family check us out pharmapacks.com
💪💪💪💪(; And ew I know but even the #gross need loving too...just not from me (: hehe
Not about you!
How Michael took me to school yesterday>>> <3
Sometimes I wish I were a little girl without a care in the word, but then I realize I like caring about things too much. ☺
Some thing can change temporarily, but never permanently.
Got coffe. Went to my desk, took a sip and it's cold. Grr. Brewing fresh now.
u too!!! Xoxo
Hey George -- Hope you are well. Let's talk next week.
And we start on the power play!
Gonna try and watch a bunch of dem superhero movies tonightt. Preavengers
5-8-77....Weir: Take a step back, and take yet another step back. Garcia: That way all your friends won't be real bug eyed.
she said wassup I miss her too !
Of course come find me at the tailgate for pudding shots and gummy bears!
If I were to pick a secondary word, it'd be painful.
": i am mike sorge. i am a pretty pretty princess. #tweetjack" yes! I'm glad this is still happening.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you talk to their friends:/ lol
For the first time, I actually used an iPad for something other than playing #templerun and it sucked
Biggest motivation for coming to during graduation week? No line for the showers.
I say things without realizing it. I think out loud ALOT...
Nice day for a family ride to support a good cause - thanks
Getting ready for #AUSTREAM yes . excited iloveyou austin . !
First night in Nova Scotia. Beautiful and chilly. I'm in love.
nice, we're still rockin' the plastic tree, fits nicely in the corner of our apt.
I'm to excited for my next track!!! <333333
that's the most intelligent thing i've heard anyone say in years.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen Teleporters. Get on that, science.
oh well it's good. I'm glad your done with that now ! :) And you're welcome
um k.
I always like a dog so long as he isn't spelled backward. ~G.K. Chesterton
I'm interested in getting involved with Hollywood East TV as a television personality/host. Can u please send me some info?
I miss middle school
my mama in dere listenin to trouble ft. waka
you working today
I love your show. I wish you the best. It's a great deal of fun.
love it !
OKC! Thats how you close out a quarter!
Lauper,bowie, and Tracy Chapman. Many more of course.
Bend it over , touch ya toes. whip it out , show them hoes ya bank roll.
tweet away!
Just ordered a Dual Quad Core Dedicated Server from
great article... good read!! thanks!!
Joanne Kares, lifelong UNC-CH superfan's fantasy job is as a sportscaster on ESPN's Sports Center (Go, Heels!)
Tx! Was an experience. 1st time I've heard prof say "batshit crazy" & "snorting cocaine off of a hooker's ass"in office hours.
sleep is 4 people who ain't making money
Watching Modern Family...I want to go to Disneyland on Friday. Who is in?
The #RainDelay playlist = AWESOME!!
Yeah, it was delicious. Milwaukee burger and BBQ chicken egg rolls. I didn't figure I could win again, just helping.
I didn't lose anything tonight.
#mptech #socialtech Great insight: Social Web will have more (better) info on our customers than our own databases will.
ever wanted to go Paragliding ? follow
It's morning!! Seeing today!! Very excited! Freaking out a bit! lol Hahah birthday party, and then 2 hours drive! :) Anyone going?
How's training for the NBA Draft going?
practice practice practice makes perfect.
My grandpa is really sick and not doing well at all. I just really need a hug.
LIN THESE!! Another sportscenter trick to keep you watching. He hasn't played anyone and L A doesn't count bc derek fisher sucks balls.
Get it in! #stoked :-) “: moving on! haha working on touchups for my album today w #LullabiesforGrownups”
I'm pretty sure you mis-construed this...per usual.
Watch Out For Rockets tonite! Outside 8:30P with The Calm Blue Sea, The White White Lights and The Couch
I really feel like i've done something completely wrong. Idk what i did or what to do.
RT : All these levels of non-commitment <<<
Is "epic" this generations "extreme" ?
I feel like the weekend gave me a purple nurple and ran away!
I'll bring the peanuts. M
My nails currently fall in the Bling category-feeling trendy! RT : Up on the latest trends is nail design? bit.ly/oeqOS4
In-house opening for attorney with tech/vendor agreement experience. Please send resumes to .
i kindve want some fried fish and cornbread and rice and greens and some fried chicken AND some sweet potato pie AND some apple
I don't care if you bag on the Yankees, or on me for being a fan, but people making fun of Mariano Rivera is beyond me.
"are you good at keeping secrets?"
- thanks for the RT! If anyone joins our team from Chicagoland I promise to feed them guac! :)
So much to do and not enough time to do it.
im dying without you!!</3
The opening interval for "Somewhere Over The Rainbow" is an octave.
That's a good question. Do you want to play in a league?
Our 6yo is convinced tomorrow is a special day for the Wii. Why? Because, he says, it's Cinco de Mario.
that is not right, hope you feel better, yo boy H
saw two robins in the back yard yesterday ..robins usually mean spring is here :) just hope the weather stays this way!
slow track to another disaster, adjustments need to be made
Kick off your weekend with one of our delicious entrees! Whether you're in the mood for veggies, meats, or sweets, we've got you covered!
Mitchell battles back from leadoff walk to earn 1st save of the year. Hoos win game 1, 6-5, final score.
I fail so epicly I got sunscreen in my eye at 2:30 am
Good luck to the Seattle PI reporters of our fair city.
im still fuckin chopped
New rule: You can't declare yourself a hub of water research and industry if you can't keep sewage out of the basements in your communities.
just followed him =]
We are not makers of history. We are made by history
Keep a eye out for a BRIDAL SHOP scene on #DesperateHousewives tomorrow night!!! I am ON the FINAL EPISODE unzipping Vanessa Williams!!!
what the hell you coming to Atlanta for?
Oh, Prof Hoffer you've made the conference amazing already
2 of my favorite actors 2gether!!
Hi Mike, I shared your recruiter opening with my LinkedIn and Twitter networks via Have a great weekend!
Today is my birthday can you please follow me <3
Got my tattoo today :) its beast
yeah, I watched it a while ago.
president Ted Black on the "Winter Classic": "I'd love to bring the Winter Classic back. I've talked to the league about it."
Ridin around and gettin it otw to the westchester mall with .new music video dropping tonight
Maui, chips, fruit, onions lots of Maui referenced food flavors
What kind of sick cruel person put SALT in my vitamin water D:
Too much of a politician.
thx for sharing our post!
meg is weird
Love it!! Congrats! So happy for you- miss you lots, need to have a get together soon :)
haha 200 tweets, I want it.
that's ur opinion & I appreciate it-1st Amend-however, I also mentioned Christie, Bachman, Rubio, or West! Ur Opinion on these?
Tonight is bouta b too funny
#TeamAshley all the way!! ": Hardcore pawn is all new tonight. "Like" if you are watching!"
happy birthday to you
Thank you all Vets for ur service and fighting for our country and God bless all those who are still fighting.
I remember... It's at least gotta be 70 out tho... Block rules
Chicago Bears sign Concordia University (St. Paul) offensive tackle Tyler Hendrickson.
You've got the twitter hack, change your password!
Statistics...great way to start a Monday...
RIP Dick Clark
I know I'm still a bit of an outsider, but this seems like a typical Hawks performance. No Rondo, No Allen, Celtics now up 7 late
the asparagus is grilled, they use goat cheese and some italian dressing on french bread it's so yummy!!!
Valiant effort from the Fins Today!!! Fought hard from start to finish...very proud! Coach Dunn and Fins play 6pm tmrw!
thanks! we have to get together soon!
My parents had the same tumblers that Roger is drinking from.
Scott Walker couldn't carry Vince Lombardi's jockstrap! #edshow helping to #RecallWalker!
Need 15 minutes of satire and fun? Check out the bite-sized podcast from #Baltimore, the #inversedelirium!
Oh bother. Where is the akla meeting?
are you part of the stop kony movement yet?
I like that. RT The Major League will never play the minor league
yeah it's been a while!! Hope everything is going well too!
Hay Tweet Family......FOLLOW ME :-)
Thanks all the #Lifers & Our Great Marketing Team for your ideas today with . Let's Keep Pushing this album It's
LevelUp is Also a Construction Company too? You guys really are building into a strong working force.
Thank you for coming and sharing your experience and insight with our students and community.
Y didn't UNSC take up the issue of Bahrain in a similar fashion ? Would love your insight.
My moms is so #clutch for these grapes and animal crackers... Don't judge me.
Will Evan Jager drop another steeple bomb?
i miss dancing at parties
thank you! :)
no problem :) follow back!!!!
WE MAKING HISTORY OVA HERE DON'T SLEEP ON US
I'd slash taxes, that's for sure.
I have a new celebrity crush, and his name is
Camp sucks -_-
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain
I'll buy ya one Scottro!
I still don't believe it...
Who's excited about Taste & Toast Thursdays ?
Thank u very much ma'am. GOD bless
M I am all steamed out! #steambunsinmybelly thx for the excellent service & great time $2
These mufuckas talking <<<<<<<<
home sweet home:)
plz follow back :D
Happy Friday everyone! Hope to see you at the #2011USWomensOpen this weekend!
Happy to hear you love our product! Shipping is pretty cheap, so you shouldn't have a problem. Safe travels!
Lmaoooooooo im done
My Dad calls the KCAL9 weather girl Evelyn Taft 'Jazzie' because her voice is jazzy, actually more like snazzy...Jackie Johnson is 'Stacks'
Wishes she'd been watching the Iowa game all along.
The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work. BO!
you boys ready to kill tomorrow?
Stay at a #Disney World Resort, save $1,200, improve quality of life for a child w/ #specialneeds WIN WIN bit.ly/e8t0jm
out of swap space is just a clever JVM software engineer trying to give you a clue
I havnt gotten it yet sadface
practice makes improvement... not perfect
shut up...
Although floaters are not harmful, one should consult an eye specialist in this case because it can be cured permanently.
Orb of red fire sinks below mist swathed horizon as we make our stately progress to a green and pleasant Jerusalem.
the stuff they get away with is insane. They've been outside my apartment downtown for weeks
Be open to the present situation so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
So ashamed of #Texas Longhorn fans. Stop booing! Hook'em! Class of 81
but i want tried for that boom ha i win!
. no I was quoting obama. I would never vote for Obama... EVAH!! I care about my kids future too much. :)
thank you for agreeing
RT : Your work is beautiful!! #artschat Thank you!
I love my hair today. It's so straight. 💁❤
Needs To B Going To Bed , I Have Work In The Morning .
#teamdamon there I said it.
absolutely. do you have any work samples?
by releasing the album i thought i can get a rest from music.. true, but not in my life.. i'm already working on the 2nd one))
oh but you will!
Fun thing about craigslist transactions: its like a spy rendezvous in a movie. Its a top secret business swap with a total stranger
Im done with the whole situation... Life goes on..
I sincerly HATE being on the train w/ crazy ppl.
Magic Johnson is now the proud owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers !
i need a guy with eduction....a job ... a car.. a personality ... why do i feel like i have to wait a few more years -__-
I Have 20% Battery Too! And I Can't Find My Charger!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOX
Today's Destination : Chloride Cliffs and Rhyolite Ghost Town.
Wow. What a morning. I feel like I should be in a Luke Bryan song
so weak right now! Lol!!!!
Mother speaks to her teenage daughter in their native language, daughter only replies in English. Nothing 'wrong' but a shame.
unbelievable. You really buried the women's victory. Good thing I don't pay to watch your "news" service. Seriously??
1 for me!
did u meet
I'm good... I am glad you like! I hope you do great up there!
Saying goodbye to my bestie today 8-( .. We had lots of fun!!! Happy Birthday Charles!! We will miss you!!! <3
Hey how were those Cheetos? Yummy right?
Oh sweet!! Give me a shout y'all.
A Time to Think O Lord, never allow us to think we can stand by ourselves, and not need You.—John Donne
great meeting all of you. Super geeked.
smhh I've been right here this whole time lol
That was a long day. Very long.
thanks! How much are they?
but we should rather believe the philosophers who say that only the educated are free." -- Epictetus
Cant wait for ABDC #BoyzAreBack where it all started! You guys have come so far! YEA BUDDY!
No it's a Tuesday webcast
RT had some #Milwaukee #Fun at the Brewer game this weekend! Looking forward to #PolishFest next weekend!
Welcome all new followers
that's awesome! Italy does have some really excellent pizza though!
#ImSickOf people making fun Justin Bieber and One Direction
Big st Patrick party Friday 3160 north Clark 9:30pm
Quotes from recognized authorities in Italian history, art, and Renaissance requested for the Mona Lisa Code book launch.
OMG!! Meow, the severely obese cat, has passed away! Cat owners, please don't feed your cats a continuous diet of hot dogs.
Back in the gym working out after months!!!!
Someone gave me a bottle of #SkinnyGirl margarita mix (alcohol incl.) for a gift. I have this to report: not strong enough. That confuses me
SB 1143 (Liu) established task force to develop student success plan considering multiple measures, best practices, barriers, more
waahhoooo come to Iowa to see your big sis :) and i guess you could go to college here too im okay with that.
Texas SC rules trial court abused its discretion by failing to dismiss case on forum non conveniens grounds: In re ENSCO OFFSHORE Int. Co.
"Man Nonsense only causes stress N short to be blessed"
oh yes we are :) how are you guys?
Every chick the same
20% off at the Black Sheep with a #Bloomsday Herald, t-shirt or Gibraltar playbill from Plays & Players
"is it so much to ask that i want a guy inside me?".........
Heading to for dinner tonight. What should I get?!?!
I thought u ment the vow?
Not very many people in the managing copyright clearance for electronic reserves session
I could never read a 400 page book in a week. Got life all types of fucked up....
I do have to admit, our milk stout is pretty amazing. Need to do another #homebrew again soon.
please stop replayin MettaWorldPeace's elbow to James Harden. I feel bad n disgusted!!!!
IDEA: Dress up as the Avengers. Go to movie theater tonight. Buy tickets to Titantic. Baffle theater staff.
I'm gonna use #Hashtags in all of my tweets from now on because I like to annoy everyone including myself.
How much Cheese you got in dem pockets?? So clean your ears out mayne,!,!,!
Still up and at em! Drowsy tech till we die!!!
Getting ready to Rock the Red (tie) while anchoring ABC-2 News at 6. Hoping they can close out the Bruins this weekend.. Let's go #Caps !!!
i love your background(:
hey, just saw this. Would you guys want to get together in Philly the next couple of days. I won't be at Mla this year.
I confess. I crowed about the students.
i gat u
I sound like a dying seal right now.
Works done let the #craftbeerandfun start and by start I mean a
: Tim Tebow said his dog Bronco has been renamed Bronx.
"I die." we were just saying we need more z. We'd like to see you guys too.
Not a day goes by when I don't think if you (: <3
Looking forward to a good night's sleep tonight. #ShamrockShindig took a lot out of me, hahaha :)
Hey its $14 Tuesday! You know any 18" Extra Large pie with up to 2 toppings only $14.
I WILL BE HAVING A LIVE PHOTO SHOOT ON VENICE BEACH AT THE END OF THIS MONTH!!!
amazing job tonight!!! can't wait for Season 4... also so awesome everything you do outside of television & movies! thank u!
New spiderman and batman movies coming out?!?
Penn State kills the penalty
but it's such an ancient grain! ;)
Whether its risk management or E business, online college programs help you learn the same at any point in life. Call upon us for aid...
When your the palest one at the tanning salon and your manager even tells you to go tan.
Word. RT : The children have headed to for a tour. I've never heard such amazing silence in my entire life.
Let's see if it lasts...
So sorry to anyone who has purchased tickets. We will do our best to make it up to you all soon
WooHoo!!! VCU! FINAL FOUR BABY!!! We got NEXT!!!!
no. im just waiting for a korean... kekeke do you drive??
thank you for the fab treats!
"If they tried to censor my music, it'd be like Egypt turning off the internet. "
We got VIP early entry tickets to the NFL experience through my wife's work last Friday.
": Live today like it's your last! (but use a condom just in case it isn't)"
"You the type to recruit the bitches and ain't gon do shit with em but face time | text message and dm..meanwhile she let me split"
Goodness! How despicable! That professor sounds awfully disreputable taken out of context and devoid of irony.
Would you take medical advice from a FAT DOCTOR.......???
Beliebers have so much love and respect for Pattie. We admire her for being brave and strong for herself and Justin. Pattie Is Our Queen
Being myself tonight. This means a girly movie, hot cider, and my journal.
Thanks for bringing joy & deliciousness to our loading dock last night!
Happy to be a baby bee! MT Big props to queen of sci journo, & her UW hive mates for super
Why does love always feel like a Battlefield?
802Brittany Thanks for following...
Beautiful! Hope you enjoyed our world premiere of Alice~ Thank you for joining us!
Sending out a mailing for our sweet April Break Camps!
whatcha watching? Did they get the British accents right, even? I'm a British hick myself
Home, let me go home. Home is wherever I'm with you!
#swimming with my baby and some friends (:
Would love to be watching #MadMen, but I still need to get my hands on Season 4.
The Mesa Historical Museum is about to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation. Take off with us this November!
no better way to start the day
happy bday kid
DOPE THURSDAYS STARTS AUGUST 20TH
It has been raining for almost 2 weeks here on Long Island New York. Can one plant vegetable seeds in soggy soil?
My ears are hyper sensitive today...
“: Using pages of the bible to roll joints #YOLO”
the overwhelming majority of inmates suffer not from labor enslavement but from numbing idleness (Wacquant 2009: 181–184).
#lawlorffs from Kentucky!
Don't let KD get goin
I think you should just go to whatever #THATCamp is closest to you if time and/or money are issues.
you all know better than to hmu after completely fuckin me over . 😒
going to Utica shopping!!!
summer summer summer summertime!
Customers at #Starbucks who take forever to order after waiting in line 15 minutes themselves are my biggest #pet peeve.
Happy National #Coffee Day. Needed daily, not just in the morning. Free cup in #Philly?
ive asked the same question everyday this week lol
I'll call, to make sure you got the email.
I know it's weird but occasionally I DON'T want to hear mariachi music ALL day!
Does Brenda to Bouncer have LinkedIn? I would love to leverage her network of connections...
thinking about the power of twitter and online networking
I know this is a repetitive sentiment but if the Thunder run the court & exert their will they can't be beat by the Lakers.
It's time to defend the star. Let's go Cowboys!
RE 3D TVs. Nintendo 3D DSI had warnings for children - dangerous to vision. Cannot imagine TV's any better.
awsome! but.....i still feel bad lol
Yay! I'm down to read it if you want more eyes on it.
The bulls game straight trash !!
that sounds like one of the greatest plans I've heard in a long time.
the doll head named Suzie-Q was the funniest.
: "Our vulnerability to sin seems to have direct correlation with our lack of relationship with God."
daughter won Vollyball game
It is nasty! Like when he said "Maybe Justin is the father of Selena's sister or brother!" Like really? That's disgusting.
Hire a #Ghostwriter from Your Thoughts, LLC today! Let us do what you can't do and that's #write your #story while you get the #credit!
Time to get ready for my appointment. I have a feeling I'll be coming home with stitches later this afternoon -__-
#shoutout to all the new followers!! we still have a long way to go though keep telling your friends about us!! thanks every1!!
Rapid development - prototyping - iterative approach helps in navigating the bureaucracy -
Aw I'm so sorry!!
first real picture, the first one is me you and Ambo at that game, ha.
I laughed the longest, loudest & hardest at your "I'm married!" comment. Actually still laughing about it!
Philly fans would clap when an opposing player goes down! N boo him when he gets back up! Keep it classy Philadelphia!
eh, they hand you a free t-shirt. Big deal. Every team in every sport does it. Just think its played out.
Wow that is creepy
#HappyMothersDay dinner. Glazed ham, mac n cheese, candy yams, cabbage, rolls, and fried fish. Yep I #GoHard in the kitchen ^_~
HE PUT DA TEAM ON HIS BACK DOE.
Red rocket strikes again.
I don't have to hire an EC me, there is one one me.
Solid. I might have to speed over there to get some
MAN. Did I speak too soon. Leonard Garcia is one crazy mofo.
just hit 1 million members! Talk about an amazing feat in just 5 months.
I hope is not getting used to watching crime shows and eating pizza on the couch all day.
(Also, sorry for my delayed reply to your question!)
Hey Sarah, thanks for the follow! Fitness rules.
Thinking about what kind of videos veterinarians in particular like to watch... Any suggestions?
Missing our favorite bands at Warped tour in Cincy right now! But we're still rocking out to them in the office!
Wow what a day!
Dear school please die(: love, Me
Put Em' Up <21 I #Love this song!
So nice to see you at that Italian place! I'm sorry we didn't get to talk. Hope you and the family are well!
Booking for 2012!!! We can't wait to see you guys and gals!
How are you liking the new Timeline format? Is anyone having issues?
RT : SLIS Student Research Journal (SRJ) invites submissions from library and information science graduate students:...
Tomorrow. First day of trout fishing. AND MY DAD WOULDN'T TAKE ME TO CAMP!! Everybody else if going..but me
Rainy Day Today in LA! Thank God it's Friday the 13th OH! Spooky! Lots of love to ya
Point being, if not for a couple missed free throws and the greatest team ever assembled (96 UK team), Cal has 2 titles.
Because autistic children can be overly excited in new environments, sometimes autistic children are misdiagnosed as having ADHD.
Hastily done or not, it was well done, bravo!
Can't believe MCA died. Wow
Awesome #Milwaukee, Drink this NYE & DON'T worry about drivin..A is offering a free ride & tow home, call 1-800-222-4357 (1-800-A-HELP)
It's October 1st and I've already seen too many Halloween costumes. Or am I too old for the Eastside now?
Working at NASA is cool, until you try to find a job outside the industry. The skills hardly ever transfer to anything else.
When you're intentionally missing a free throw, the thing you've gotta not do is commit the lane violation.
This fool out here wearing shorts in 30 degree weather.
Interesting -- I'll have to check those more often!
GIRL IT STARTED WIT MS.LISA DEN I WROTE ON HER WALL FROM QUAN PAGE CUS WE AINT FRIENDS GIRL DA BITCH WAS POPPIN LIKE A 'G'
I declare that a new hilarious, heartbreaking, and thought provoking piece starring M.T. shall be uploaded within this week!
seems like ESPN cherrypicking stories, and when ACC is a 'victim' ooooohhh boy, lookout!
i havent been on here in like a month :/
Heaven is acceptance of what is. -Lubavitcher Rebbe
"Jump" by Van Halen.
I remember when called MIZZ3RD lmaoo
lol, only when absolutely necessary!
my hip is subluxed and it's not okay
heymichael michael michael michael hey!
Random #FF of some of my faves:
Paranoid sis screamed at me 4m the bathroom 2 find out who opened the door. I freaked out n searched the house while she locked herself in.
RT : what's up with the Birthday Weekend? >Too much...I started too early...I'm old & tired. LOL!
lol! Aw, thanks brotha. This really made me laugh ;)
I'm at 6. Congrats! Are you going out tomorrow night?
gangoos ginggeeeess where you been all semester?
she still going to the club
Can't bring myself to study anymore bc I'm trying to figure myself out....how convenient 😒
a definite wise purchase. Wyeoak
All email down during prime email hours. Strike 2 for C'mon guys.
in the future, cats live at least 40 years
ratifying early voting hours in the Clerk's office at Thursday's 11 am mtg in room 107 in the CCB.
Can you tweet it at us? Might be easier for us to get it.
“: Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest. -Matthew 11:28” favorite verse (:
just work. Any news of where to get your tequila label yet?
The sexy times start well before page 100 in my 50 Shames parody.
Alright alright Alright!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice) Its about time to bring out the winter coat!!!
In Bells are Ringing (1960), J. Holliday uses her sweet sense of shock, surprise and naïveté to lift up three men drowning in disappointment
Looking for a Hair Assistant with experience! DM me with your info.
The feeling of nervousness when left alone with a cute girl.
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet if God had an iPod, I’d be on his playlist
from like a video?(:
I hate when meat gets stuck in between my teeth
Any plans for GW2 to run on a Mac? Many people play on them, too!
does anyone else love Santigold? <3
The developers need to put out some good tweets, then you will get mad love
Bonefish happy hour 4_6:30, saucy shrimp, bang bang, fish tacos cheap. House wine $3.
so sweet:)
On the road this morning promoting new movie 'Fair Play'. Next stop, Beau Rivage Casino n Biloxi, MS. Go on stage in a couple of hrs!
Thanks for pointing that out. Sorry We've re-retweeted.
work it!!
Reading "Hit Hard" by Joey Kramer of Aerosmith. Lots of Rascals reference in there :)
RT: May 12th "guest bartending appearance" by George #Kottaras at ! 9pm #Brewers Diamond dancers too! (For those who missed this)
Track 13 is mean and stupid. Please ask Amtrak dispatch to stop parking trains there.
Bringin home the hardware
thanks!! I am very happy about the positive changes!
I have Incubator envy... so cool!!
When people want to talk shit online...but they type your instead of you're ... LOLOL😂😂
Dear Chicago Traffic: ILU! 20 mins to get home! Chicago people: were you abducted??
#hurt&anger
never too cold for 1 of your margaritas!
pls email me
good to hear !!!
#rawr i'm so bord twitter!!! i'm gunna go to bed night tweeters :D
This is cancelled quickly.
Mom: "Did you hear the Easter Bunny during the night?" Me: "Yeah, he was muttering a lot of weird, vaguely racist things..."
so true! I said I would be in bed by 11:30, and I've clearly missed my deadline!
I WILL snooguhms
r u being serious?! Bc it's my birthday and... 😏
yes! Even 2 little tables! Heck, I'll just bring a picnic blanket for that patch of grass next door!
studying for bio
oh YAY!! you rock! GREAT to see you in Vegas! KEEP HEALTHY and WELL #1 and thanks for being an angel with us to help another!! :)
Breakfast at Mothers Cafe with my bride for the start of our 11th year of marriage!
Love how you read it! My first choice dogs are terrier group, not labs. Would take a "wireless lab" if like K-9 from Dr. Who
I move back June 2nd c:
Stopping terrorism at its roots: UMaryland's Arie Kruglanski & Michele Gelfand today at noon
Vitamix changed my life. It can change yours too.
We're back! Open 11am-4pm today to satisfy your cravings. Reminder: Spring/Summer hours start the first weekend in May.
RT “: Women love to hear "I'm sorry" ... Men love to hear "You're right" :P”
You morons who posted that #Packers trade should try to be patient and not have to be the first guy to scoop everything.
A good friend is some1 who makes u laugh even if u dont want and whos there 4u through thick n thin
THAT IS YOUR ONLY FUNCTION
We're getting your street team back in gear. Sorry for the long break. <|3
An essay and a final and I'm half done with college.
it should work. Try typing the full http address. I cut and paste
RT : He trains my hands for war, so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze. Psalm 18:34
lol!!! Right away!
Its friday. There is a new M83 album. I finished my reading. And did I mention its friday?
Oh and hey is not working on my computer. What's up with that?
"What do you want for your future? Would you run if I said you? Would you chase me if I did?"
Smart City will be listed under Facility/Other Contractors in the Forms and Brochures section.
Everything you ever wanted to know about theme.
- Bacon bits in spaghetti
A: DARLING LITTLE BUGGER!! B: Compiling suggestions now, muahaha [Voldemort laughs]
I know you are jealous! You working today?
My whole facebook news feed is babies.
If you could give me the time I could show you why I'm better than her . ღ
good luck! hahaha.
How was your Monday? Redstar living and feeling good! ;)
This P.J.? : dude come pick me up! I'm dead serious.
Probably going to start using this, but I refuse to use "#"
I am war with
no clue you were in toronto- how do you like it there?
Just moved the ceremonial mace out of the rare bk rm for commencement. Congrats WM law grads!
Thank you. It's a little serious, a little fun, I think.
have any convio certified techs to lend us? ,<3
going to go have some tasty beers today!
thanks for the following and let's do it big in 2011!
wow the GOP's hearing on #birthcontrol is such a charade. a bunch of suits patting eachother on the back bc they already know they agree
Only certain guys should wear sweatpants.
Summer!!! Please #HURRY ☀
YES! Sadly, flight is delayed. But it gives me more time to put the finishing touches on this journal article :-)
You go girl! My day is going fine.
Great opening weekend for our production of "Bye Bye Birdie". All performances were sold out!
I know it looks so cool! I'm watching it at my friends house lol yes! I can't wait!!
dw it'll make you laugh if you've seen what I'm talking about
RT "Exposure" don't pay no fucking bills.... they can find some that will.do it for free but they prob wont be that cute
Omg!!Power went off and I was all why isn't my blow dryer working? wow i really think I need a nap or some caffeine cause I'm out of it!
everywhere we go, everywhere we go, people wanna know.... ;p
Next time we'll need you to accidentally make too much. Why do presidential candidates get all the fun?
You be safe Ayanna
My twitter never works!
#adele is the shit... Hitting them notes without a strain!
should follow !
…Did that chick just drop an s-bomb on live TV?
Truck heading out
yes yes, busy but always having fun! What have you been up to??
Write your injuries in dust, your benefits in marble. -- Benjamin Franklin
No he lives in Ohio. I guess he started feeling bad last night & it got bad enough to go the hospital.
Nothing's wrong
Nice Casino up there?
now dis girl speakin ayanas language or julia language
nah I'm tryna forget my name
College recruiting questions? Ask us!
birthday sex!!!! and baha
A lot of posers out there trying to steal our PBJ idea.
Thanks. It reminds me that the lemons of life make for more interesting drinks.
I'm not gonna argue over twitter. We both know what I think. We both know what you think. It's done it's over with. I love you
Thank you Giesla! Still trying to figure out this Twitter stuff!
Mine would be breakfast of champion owner? RT : No matter what i eat for breakfast, it's the breakfast of champions.
Whomever gave twitter...thank you
We out here Orlando fuck wit me BREAD WINNERS
Happy Pi Day!
the fire at mission and valencia seems to be at the Lotus Garden (vietnamese) restaurant building. lots of smoke blowing toward us.
looking forward to working with you as Houston's Attractions needs a operations agreement and an Entertainment Attorney
Country probably needs to go full confederation a la Switzerland. Prob is education is lacking, so you'd have f-ed up cantons.
“: “: Is this a 2hr finally? #AskScandal ”nope just an hour! But it is jam packed right!???” <<<<damn
Dear CJ Watson, stop shooting the ball!
I'm in New York!! What's Goody??
Not me. My hatred for Brady and Pats far surpasses my distain for Tebow and the Broncos. Besides, everyone likes an underdog.
Mission Impossible marathon with
I have a weakness for women who can sing
sorry we didn't find any active game to delete (DG8sa-jp)
hahaha nut.. I miss you too! Everything is muy bueno, wish we lived in the same city though! Everything going well with you?
ok, i can has focus now, these focus attention pills are like smart pills, they increase my uberness past the 1337 1v1
lmaoo it so vivid i was confused!
Will do and thanks!
When you go to Sheels and ask for the thick underarmor
Thanks for the follow. I'm just up the road in KY.
Hanging out with my best friend Skol tonight
all melted now!
"Beneath the makeup and behind the smile, I'm just a girl who wishes for the world" 💛
Google+ has 50m daily users and 100m monthly users according to
Some good training happening here
Having a Forreal jam session. We sound amazing
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night! It was so much fun!!! We love you all.
your post are funny, I enjoy them...
I don't want to hurt you, but I need to breath .
Charge it to my head and not my heart good brother. I have literally been making hundreds of calls. Send me your number.
would like to have our meeting...whats your schedule?
Happy Mothers day to all of the wonderful moms out there
Thanks Allison!
Kmsl, I'm not talking to you, your dismissed.
Ooh, love sliced beef on salad, too!
Make your own history.
Will microsoft be reaching out to developers who didn't attend the conference?
has your week been going?Have you recieved all three of these responces? 140 Characters makes me crazy!
Breaking in a new pair of boots. Wonder how long it will take?
Well, at least at the airport all the chairs are bolted down.
New Report Estimates Illicit Drug Use Costs U.S. Economy $193B Annually I would think a large understatement. Family health now
Andrea is an outstanding, positive professional and special person. Congrats Andrea!
I waved to you when u were landing at LAS - did u see me Vegas visitor? ;)
No one is dead, except for all the rabbits
interesting, especially being a former Edelman employee.
I'm feeling weird tonight. A strange and rare good mood. Come on ruin it. I dare ya. Give it a try.
yes doll love .
The fray’s cover of Kanye West’s "Heartless". <33333
BGC is a mess.....lmao at some of these girls
A great man will not trample upon a worm, nor sneak to an emperor.
Gainesville this weekend
What are your favorite holiday traditions? What are you most excited for this winter?
awww man. :'( RIP Dick Clark. New Year's Rockin' Eve won't be the same without you.
You did it!
Happy Birthday Darrin!!! Have some good cake today. You are my favorite actor. Have a good day. Love ya bro!!!
MYC members are attending workshop on using social media to influence public policymakers.
Chanting is a fun way to pray. It massages the spirit and tunes the soul.
Off to find food in Ulmer sc and I got a little bit of cell service finally.
Wow RT James never missed a beat. He made caring for me look effortless. Gave up a lot to love & care for me
Haha, but how can you not love Robin?! Mrs. Doubtfire = classic
ducked off, workinn RT": We're You Been Wifey"
who attracted the teams 2 move n & challenge me, i have nothing 2 prove 2 any1 i just want 2 retire. THEN on the LiveStrong Eliptical!!
I m thankful to God for everything. He is holding me all the time, this is my true experience.
Apparently the Messiah lives in Denver, wears #15, and goes to the grocery store after broncos games.
The opportunity of today is worthless unless you act on it-RM.
HAHAHAHAHA amazing RT : “: To this day, circle table kids still scare the crap out of me. #Lowry”. Classic. LOL
SIEVE! 2-1 Bucky after a breakaway, great centering pass and score by Hillary Knight
thanks so much! :)
I'm just playin...you'd have to be DEAD for that song not to get you worked up!!
I HAVE 2 TICKETS TO 2013 AT THE VERIZON CENTER AH IM SO EXCITED :) thanks
Travis County approves #apple incentives package 4-1; Eckhardt votes against. deal is done.
Ben is beginning "The Producers" tomorrow.
“: #askanything: what is the first body part you notice in an attractive person?” Eyes
Southland is literally filming in my doorway. Cameo?
So is 's new THING to immediately talk shit on famous people roughly two minutes after they die?
The fact uk still has a chance to win this game is pretty unreal
Show of hands: who reads entire emails (every sentence, every paragraph)?
When it rain place a bucket outside and catch your blessings.
Having a great time working along side my friend and fellow Champion, Todd Bender teaching a 4 day Mental Management for skeet clinic!
You too get home safe RT : have a good rest of the night
Only had the dude. almost killed the chick. Ordered bagel, chick sliced her hand, had to rush to hospital
Raining. Bad day. Maybe I'll just look forward to Sat to AAM in Minneapolis. MN seems so exotic right now. Nice though.
hahahaa. I love my iPhone! It's the ish!!!! ✨
its an awesome season...best yet -- except for Colton and Alicia
Thank you! We should hangout sometime...soon. Have a gr8 wkend!
Check your receipt for the download link!
Why don't I drag her along if I go :)
was a great turnout, lots of wonderful food & good to see new faces
Love me some ! Florence and the Machine gets me MOVIN'!
I realized how badly I want to see Big Time Rush at the House of Blues in Boston, going to try somehow to go hopefully
Bud Norris just struck out 4 batters in one inning....ties major league record.
if only she knew she had us with the ears.
Hey thanks for the follow guys! I was just dancing to dance music, awesome that I get to listen to your tracks! Cheers
We love the new NPS Civil War page!
I don't care what anybody thinks but I love watching #AdventureTime on Cartoon Network :)
Poetic justice <3
I may over the Summer. I'll keep you posted, for sure!
My horoscope compared my social scene to Saving Private Ryan. I mean...yeah...working on Saturday ain't fun, but it's not THAT bad.
be safe!
Hilarious. RT : Every time there's a huge clap of thunder my husband yells "BEHOLD His mighty hand!"
RT : Sky Sports in the UK! Tampa Bay vs Minnesota
Anabolism is tied to circadian rhythm. You must get adequate sleep to build muscle mass effectively. Build sleep into your workout routine.
How do you write a scope and content note for 18.5 mil emails? Love that I'm thinking about it. NARA training has gotten much better.
Direct shot at Mitt with his "envy" line! Ha-ha, love it! That will make EVERY pundit show tomorrow.
August 6th is Veterans Appreciation Day in Indy, 10a - 4p, American Legion Mall. Free to military families.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a time of 11:11 with Nike+ GPS.
We were curious what everyone else used, so we can use terms people understand, not just industry folks
Can I get with my English teacher when I graduate?
so sorry BH! Day for upsets :)
that happened to me the last couple of times too. Finally had enough time this morning.
What's it like to feel normal? Asking for myself.
Should I feel better that my bike was stolen now that I've realized that the entire bike rack loop I locked to was uprooted / stolen too?
I bet you've never heard of the separation between Church & State, right? The church should not influence civil issues.
Pemaquid Ale, no question RT : Thinking about Maine microbreweries as summer approaches. What are your favorite Maine beers?
BREAKING: Former #Patriots & #Chargers LB Junior Seau Found Dead.....More News To Come
have you seen the google homepage? lol
rollin me one gettin ready for the #BGC8 reunion...... its about to go down...
I swear to god, if I have to her one more Eminem song e_e
liberals are full of hate any time someone says something you don't like you spew out a bunch of hate, and bigotry
I JUST MIGHT BE A SUCKER FOR LOVE!!!
Keep calm and fall in love with Austin mahone.
I will be calling you soon
no they are a non breed. Coyote ..wild dog..rat..lmao
and for campaigning on change the new boss is a whole lot like the old boss.
They seem to be adding LinkedIn to Klout profiles a few at a time. Took over a week for mine. alphabetically? ;)
Would you approve of Sean Penn? B/C one of my Bohemians looks just like him.
Final score looks rough, but I wanna say "way to go," to who went up against tonight! Can't wait 2 see you skate soon!
Which are things that are rare as hell.
haven't seen you since you were on wwe/wcw, hope everything is going good, glad your on twitter!
#grammys Glad Adele is back stronger than ever.
A whole day with my little one.
Atta boy Ian
Thanks! :D
Lets run away together.... Jk i have asthma
Such a cute shot!
K-Dezzy going to be Ritz Friday Im in there fasho
Ready for this 3 day weekend
"Life Inside The Jamie Dimon Bubble" #huffpost There's no unemployment, everyone I know is a millionaire, we don't need Fed regulation. . .
<3 Guns&Roses
yuk! Will they really try to play?
POTUS address to joint Congress usually for STATE OF Union and 4 emergencies/crisis: 14million w/out jobs IS A CRISIS. #GOP not showing up?
Ima miss FloridA
Last day of class was rad.
Everyone is fighting their own battle. To be free from their past. To live in their present. And to create their future.
oh bumz!! glad you're feeling better ;)
i know a homeless just walked into the reference lib because the instant she did i had to smell myself and make sure it wasn't me
Dam u should get fresh air it'll probably make u feel better
Four experts opine on enterprise benefits of social media technologies - TechTarget
Today is the birthday of both William Hazlitt (a 19th-century author) and Joseph Pulitzer.
Atlanta has got to stop playing ZONE!! MAN UP!! Bree's is killing us.
The #Pacers are playing like champs!!!!
I am just tired of hearing sorry
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
getting ready for recording session
Pop quiz which teams fans show up later #Nats or
Thank you for listening to me vent.. im glad you had intrest! (:
Thanks for a dynamic and engaging #PdPlus call - was a great time!
Totes agree! : emma stone! i LOVE!!!!!! "it's purple and fuscia and there's an eagle"
corner guy. A little pop. Don't think he'll have a huge impact. Should see some time vs LHP.
It's gonna rain later tonight :))
ME OF CURSED IM HIS DAUGHTER ...
On exec #ILSHRM executive board call with & others
You guys, just joined Twitter! If you're cool, you will follow him.
Thanks for the RT! =)
that's not it
I'm a facebook kind of guy. It's like Apple vs. PC. Twitter is the PC.
#Facebook buys #Instagram. Instagram app now sucks. Coincidence? I think not.
oh hes the sexiest rollar skate ever!
on justin bieber
All the colours//Inner light. Brightbrightbrightbrite
Make us part of your plans tonite! Enjoy happy hour, free live jazz music, or a great dinner in our dining room. Check us out PDX!
So excited about performing at the WGI regional this weekend!
Tomorrow is National Walking Day! If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon...
No e.e
It's available to rent on iTunes!
A kiss perhaps? U do need something tho. RT : I'm feeling greedy and like somebody should just give me something.
It was my pleasure! I hope Austin treated you well.
What #RObotz plan on going to 's EP Release party?
Happy early B-Day
do u have a instgram??? :0
It also plots results from clustered instances side by side for comparison. Provides visual clues to long term trends in performance.
Me-What r u gonna do 4 ur bday 2day Gigi? Gigi-I would say Im going 2 go out and party, but unfortunately,those days went out a few yrs ago.
Your reaction to kissing Meredith on tonight's #theoffice was hilarious! Good stuff!!
Honestly, I'd believe in the Bible if it expressly forbade neckties.
Larry Scott: College sports are still highly undervalued b/c of large-scale fragmentation, which is confusing to marketplace & lessens scale
#sad :/ wishh i could see him ♥ i love you !!
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay then, it's not the end <3
LOL, so my video of me being Zayn has 20 comments saying im fat and ugly and that I'm going to burn for talking about muslims
Back to Indy...FINALLY
Gameday called it a strike.
so glad you enjoyed! *happysnoopydance* RT : So um the cornbread was so worth the wait.
So lovely to wake up to a beautifully put-together crib (thank you !). So not nice that that wake-up was at 2am. Yawn
there's 1 other girl he always talks 2
Greeeaatt! Now my laptop won't charge!!! Ugh!
#WaysToImpressMe seeking help when you need it
#Imagine Zayn:"I feel like kissing someone..." You:"Okay?" Zayn:"Do you want to be my victim? Please? I'm begging you!"
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalm 100:5 <3
espn is trying to trade wade
me too lol
#Music always makes me feel better. :)
i'll give it to you no interruptions
Well it was certainly well accomplished then!
Seriously! I think FB might just have some bugs. Had other issues saving information when I edited pages as well.
great seeing and AJ out in Crafton. Keep up the great work like y'all do!
passion for urban education waning after one of my students stole my iphone today. :( not sure I can keep going...
Who was the awesome duo that opened for taylor swift?
lets see that shit, son!
Best part of an overcast day... Lots of curriculum writing and game plotting. Now, Brewgaloo!
happy all over, except for one small sad spot on her heart. Being surrounded by love is wonderful, but it does remind you of those so missed
Can you reach?
Office happy hour
I should hop not unless you are RuPaul or something...was asking my makeup artist social friends for help
Gr8 4 Mitzvah receptions 2! RT : Rather than an open bar, offer guests a specialty beverage that is as delicious & memorable
she is actually really smart. Just a great actor.
Thanks for the mention Nicole . Good energy to you .
i want a puppy so bad
No better show on television than
David Stern?
Interesting panel , , & &Nephew on pitfalls of poor partner mgmt conf.
ugh but he was like my best guy friend
Stan Van Gundy or Nate McMillan. Rockets inability to show up for UTA/PHX last week is the real issue. That is on McHale.
I just saw Rampart among hundreds of SAG screeners (I'm voting). It's the best movie I've seen maybe ever. You are incredible.
Can't get enough of the
Wow is all I can say
“: No more fiesta. :( fuck it. I need a new car. Theres always next yr. :) woop” what? sold out?
lol the tables have turned.....
- my One Touch Ultra is so expensive even w/insurance - as expensive as insulin :-( take care :-)
do you have a number to.get in touch with you with
haha. We had a lot of songs that year. Guess who got pretty cute.
Thanks! I will be out of the Frankfurt office. Just finalizing a few things before I move.
Todays second word of the day: banal
Drafting my comp paper on #OpenAccess politics - overwhelmed. Going to have questions about #library budgeting for #subscriptions... takers?
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
hey guys! has it's showcase on Weds March 14th. Will you be there then?
let me know if you are looking for a mixer.
Keynote speakers will be Mark L. Schoenfield from Vanderbilt and John Richetti from Univ. Penn. Should be a great conference.
Just went on an unfollowing spree. Whoops :)
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. ~Doug Larson
Productive evening Weekend at Bernies & researching different kinds of wings for 2morrow night
how's this for a smoke signal.
Imma start being a whore siince no one don't know what a good boy is. Whores i see, pull more ppl than good boys and girl. Shit #
HA HA! I've done that too!
We found love in a hopeless place!
Online shoppers beware.My Barnes & Noble order can't be delivered by Xmas but they say I can't cancel it. Mad at
K Mac(; haha real name Kody, you?
We have a secret weapon named you have seen 'em at a show or 847
Freshest Ingredients + Made At Home = Food with Optimal Health Benefits
Weed-wacked the yard. No longer have use of my right arm.
and you're so gorgeous.
me 2... It's sad but I kinda like being a Vampire...
walking on water.
First, cool photo! Second, I'm so pumped for you and these plans. Trekking the Contin. Divide Tr. is now on my bucket list!
I never eat at Arby's but their orange cream shake is gonna be a summer addiction
lol I see what you are saying but job or not I still have ways to make money.
hardy,Henderson,dc,Alex, joey b, Eddie w
This weekends gunna be great! Going to some art show with Craig:) and dress shopping! It needs to be the weekend already! GAH! Stupid school
CAP -- is the Acronym for the New Volunteer-Driven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration.
Summer 2012 is when the fantastic five become six. 963 Mixsquad, the best of the best!
Mayweather getting tired
Ha! The secret to making anything better.
loved you and your sister on interior therapy. Very supportive of your mom.
Tweet Tweet :)
well you still like me...
plane in Millersburg makes a hard landing Linn County Sheriff's on the scene
is it thursday yet?
haha seriously, thanks. Just gonna smile, talk to people and give them free pens 👍
So many things to discover, learn , explore, innovate in this new phase of my life.
How much of it does he play? Does he say anything about it? RT I shouted!!!! That's Gary!!!!!! Lol
Once upon a time there was a phone with no front camera. I have thy phone
surprise tests are not surprising at all -_-
Fab lunch ! Tasty spicy shrimp over rice, shrimp har gow and chicken potstickers. I'm stuffed!
Dammit its always sumthing.8-) and them ppl goin off they aint bout that work. they mad they woke up. lol
Oh I was at the ball field and someone whistled at me... I'm like just keep walking sir. -.-
when jae dances>>
I mean, I could see leaving a shoe or two. Or a shirt. But pants?! It wasn't even hot today.
Having a right now and watching the padres look horrible....... its the beginning of the season right?
I actually thought the senior prank was hilarious Millard North slays (:
I hate Valentines day, even if I have someone to be with or not. It's overrated because you shouldn't be nice to someone for just ONE day!
I just learned about it over the weekend. It's pretty funny
your not alone lol
that's a great way to end the weekend.
sounds fun. I'm in bed, watching news.
There was a Club Zoo in Parkway Center??? Was it an underage club? DID YOU EVER GO?
Dad said my hair would never look like his cause he has a weird ass color xD
I follow more people on my "real" account; but here, not so many. so if you follow me here, I might follow you back from there.
#TANF is a program that helps women and children make the jump from unsafe relationship to a safe place.
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders. -Tom Peters
S/o to #Ohio n for being the lowest seed to reach the #sweetsixteen since 2006
Hit it strong hit it good/hit it firm hit it hard mr.petrified wood.
last dance
I don't know saw gabe was following him, thought he was hot, so I hit FOLLOW! lol
We have a brand new show/DJ for you! "The G-Spot" w/DJ Sinna-G, every Sat 2p-3p (ET). Be sure to tune in!
word to the wise. Don't say "Loo-ee-ville" when you're in #Louisville, #KY. They pronounce it "Lou-a-vul." Really, they do.
you don't find many people with 'amateur baseball fan' in their profile description. to see you on Twitter.
lol it came on while driving home and I hit myself for singing
Wtf I'm mixing my 11 with 100 o.O, I blame who ever touched my milk in lunch
shit I got busy and forgot to come back at 5:30. Damn it!
Hubby and I have decided we want a Pygmy Hippo. So adorable :)
Aw, what's the matter, , can't handle a little iPad release traffic?
#Slappy MT Hamilton's last six ABs: Five HR, one double, 10 RBI. As noted by , more RBIs than Pujols has all season.
i think one of my fav songs is #saysomething its the new thing every1 is tlkin bout<333
"Ursula & Gudrun Brangwen sat one morning and a police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety."
WI needs 2% econ growth to keep up w/pop increases etc. Math challenged #WalkerFailure touts Philly Fed forecast of < 2% growth
don't do it. Try the gum first.
I know your doing this to piss me off lol
Check out our fam International Mo B. our blog post today is an interview with him!!!
"A #Keynesian at a restaurant discovers he can't pay. How to keep the bill from coming? order more food!"~ via #Joke||
Dallas store looked great Simmon asked in french about top,it was Dries just FYI we have you dining room chairs in house!
Harden has shot more free throws than the entire blazer team
How can someone not want to celebrate their birthday. Eating bd cake without him
haha nothing forget it
indigenous populations want an intercultural library filled with publications and documents they have produced or created
RT this if you love as much as we do ! They have the best
#1DdaretodreamUS Miami signing!!!
VERIFY PSANDERS PLEASE!!! I'm so proud of you<21
LOL thank you (: how old r u ?
Allway working your Ass off Avril
Plus I'm breaking out
STUPID MINI OLYMPICS!!!!
is the moral of this story that to become a famous musician, one must get arrested? You'd think there'd be many more famous people.
North Carolina, wasn't John Edwards your senator? And you're worried about gay people destroying the sanctity of marriage?
Aye man you sell bud?
Fall issues now available at and !
waddduppp twitter. entertain me ;)
This Southern Conference Championship is just super fun to watch!
if u hate facebook RT me.
yeah we were in the pool when it started getting bad...time to go inside!
“Marvelously plotted and deliciously sophisticated, I’ll be raving about this book for a good long while!” Paula McLain on TIGERS IN RED...
. #edcocp Network thinking looks at structures, roles, and change in shape. Hubs, bridges, clusters, are examples.
oh I know what you mean now smh not even 2 ppl on here would do anything to help
See you all a little after 4PM on Friday then :) It's my day off, perfect for a Happy Hour!
The monster chaos scene in Cabin in the Woods was amazing. I mean, amazing!
O.... #POTUS is slamming everyone!
Props to for awarding team with the award for best data integration at TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon!
Two men arguing for more than a 20 second period in range of each other is gay.
have a safe flight! See you tomorrow.
wow no i didnt y wud i be mad?
Kurt rambis just said most teams will not want to play the in the playoffs
Of course not. Because Romney's gonna raise a BAJILLION DOLLARS. From 800 TRILLION PEOPLE.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!
Tweet live from hookah nights :)
You remember when Art Long punched that horse.... that had a cop on it
Opened a Leese-Fitch Pinot Noir tonight. Good solid pinot from - will definitely go back to this at $13 retail!
how is the Tea Are The World CD going? God Bless
The day I actually plan on going to class and its cancelled.
Watching "Space is the Place," Sun Ra's 1974 film. Mind blown.
Happy Thursday! Ps...rain or snow today? The clouds are playing tricks with me. :-/ Oh! Happy Thursday again :)
That's very cool. I had no idea. Thanks for the heads up. Watch out Anderson Cooper!
I can't fucking take being in this house anymore, I hate it, I'm done.
mine are tight like that too.. I have 4 though
"Apollonius: a look at the conics." senior thesis BA. Saint john's College SF NM USA.
Me too, unlike that other movie whose name is similar. RT : I'd pay to see that. ": GWAR HORSE."
well I had a good night :) now I sleep in till monday ✌
no, that's killer, actually: especially given the rapid response! nice!
God desires that we have complete wholeness in are lives. When we are whole in God He can fully use to be a light in this world!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you on ant farm, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Thanks for spreading the love; looking forward to our workouts!
ugh my allergies are driving me crazy
I'm so sad I didn't know the abc upgronts were this early. I'm dying to meet u. :(
They find a way win. Good night sleep now!
Everrybooodyyy goo rape follow button!!
channelling her inner on new #hungergames song.
It's been a long, but productive day! Time to
I'll like yours if you like mine. If not I'm re tweeting this anyway!
Allow yourself a #minute to feel pure, unbridled #gratitude. It's amazing.
Sorry to report our 7pm showing of 'The Red Shoes' had to be cancelled due to technical issues. But the show must go on... Join us at 9:30!
Thanking god for another day 🙏
Gota do wat I gota do by any means......
Totally obsessed with The Cab...
You are so welcome, of course! Thanks for being such a superstar! :)
Tutoring Club then cheer(:
I'm so far, from baby. ~
when talk about the #MagicCow on their Fan Mail Vlog #ThatsWhenYouKnow its a #Party ;) lol
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That’s why it’s called the present.
are you fucking kidding me? you are annoying
Oh my 100th follower would be so nice if it would be
hahaha text me .
Today was good until I got in a fight with the ground, it won. Prob rotator tear, tape it and race tomorrow. Was flying until I lost my edge
date sounds good... we're into you, too [blush] ;)
And lastly, Happy Birthday Michael Jordan!
Rt if you are mad cause someone is trying to b you and making other people think you are not who you are :-(
Finish homework, clean out my purse, shower, then bed.
nice work - is he going to return kicks? Maybe he's a corner... That would be nice.
me! The line up is so great this year (:
Thanks for the shoutouts - Hope you had a rockin’ 4th of July weekend
wish I could. At champions pub, but thanks for recognizing us vets
Sweet! You should be proud. :)
I've picked it up from Aurora. :x
It should have, but I liked that Primer and Time Bandits were on there. There are just too many good time travel movies.
Plank on this dick
So confused..
Talking about Sophocles' Antigone and citizenship, students made their own connections to #OWS without my prompting. They are awesome!
It's official! Milwaukee has a nationally chartered NSHMBA chapter as of today!!!!
I think I found her because of your blog :)
Good Morning tweeps, up thanking God for my many blessings. Workflo$
Sweeney needs to go tackle Weaver like he did big brother
Holiday party at business school has left me very very sleepy.
Change is a transition from one thing,one place,one state of mind to another
Board's responsibilities include evaluating applications, administrating exams, recommending standards and procedures, and issuing licenses
Oh my gosh. lol I am going to make you talk to her and be around her. I can only do so much!
yess! Haha it's kinda boring til you like halfway through :P
you did see the cashmere zip hoodie, right?
Turn around, bright eyes...
The unexpected becoming expected....
i really appreciate that man..i gotta go visit you in your hood.
thanks ;D
This kid didn't believe me when I said that I wanted to get a tattoo when I turn 18. Well, I do.
Jazz On The Latin Side w/Jose Rizo on FM is smoking tonite. Keep swingin' my radio brother!
RT : Q: if so much information is coming, how do schools prepare learners to access, filter, and utilize all this info?
kiss me underneath the mistletoe, show me baby that you love me so.♥
Good morning lovees.
#Lakers are going to lose..
done! Thanks, again!
hahahaahaha you shoulda gone on this bus with me, im so bored!
French Toast, I like you...I really do. But for once can you PLEASE prepare yourself?!?! It's not like you're hard to make...but this bed..
He's crying.... That sucks though. But it's your fault.
I'm sure you're not busy or anything, but is there a "live" web page with chant/song lyrics right now?
Beliefs are empowering or destructive & you're right either way. Once identified a limiting belief is within your power to change.Zach Marcy
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~ Frank Sinatra
#pla12 Think I actually got everything into my carry-on and backpack. Hope the zippers hold!
Hope everyone who got a and is at the game are having a great time!
I hate it when drivers think they can drive all crazy because they think they're the only ones going somewhere
very well, thanks! you?
ha! thanks. exciting news :). come down to dc this summer please!
i love the movie,bridesmades!! its hilarious.......
Good morning #NRAshow - look for the Food Genius team walking around throughout the next four days!
this the longest realtionship i been in (:
0_o Bo! You suck! lol yes I'll be there!
when will be the day u follow me?
in a way that's cool tho like isn't that the reason u went to the army??
Hello...good morning...
Thanks for the RT! Happy Wednesday to ya!
Getting ready to show off our new, finalized logo today. (Yeah, we fooled you with this one.)
When it rains it pours beer. Beer Garden is filling up fast.
Why do prepositions exist
JUST MADE A MASTERPIECE !
well then here's to a good time!
Worst commercial on TV right now: the eTrade baby/financial advisors. Worst in my lifetime: probably the AT&T Wireless shepard and sheep.
Come to a Lucky Dog Dine & Donate Event at Lonestar Steakhouse, Alex, VA today, 11-10pm, U MUST mention us to your server!
SCORE INDEED! Thanks for putting it out there!
If you read the book and have an Amazon, IBooks, or Nook.. We would appreciate you posting a review.. Thanks. #KatrinasSecrets #C. Ray Nagin
RT : You must be comfortable with who you are today and where you’re heading so that you can authentically speak your goals.
done with fb....people need to learn to stop their shit.....deleting.
Use Copyscape to check the content for originality, useful tool I recently found.
She did, and I did know who she was! I was just startled due to her yelling my name. I saw her try to start the wave also haha.
on here right?
#YoTheNextTime They #ows in my city I'm going fight for my right to
It's #FridayThe13th guess who's playing Jason!
cool cool.. check out my boy Dwight Junior. @ www.youtube.com/watchdwight
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet or go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Pls RT
I was supposed to be sleep right now but my boyfriend wanted me to cake it up with him :^) late night conversations is our fav :^)
who could it be??
RT : A relaxing Monday morning filled with 37,000 squat thrusts, ripping Professional weights and bathing in Swagger body wash....
Marshall texted me at 1am last night saying he had my dress.....he is definetly sleeping with it.
There is a mild correlation between the work that a person does and their perspective on how important that activity is
Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?
but you still went up to get your laptop!!(:
Need just 4 more connections to be at 4,000!
Exercise and eating right!
Thanks to My Creator for continued Blessings
loll Oh ok
Don't forget to pick-up a Plain Dealer and read about Doris Long and the Waterbury Coach House!!!!
