slides will go up on the conference site for slide updates, that link should be in your booklet but LMK if you ca't find
Next Friday. Not tomorrow.
A little late night dinner for Brandon. Oh there's a hot Mexican taking my order! Yes! I have lived to be happy.
listened to the President doesn't sound too good
How cute! You're sad the season is over.
Upcoming Events for #smbmad April 18 is Rotary International Language Services team - Rotary International: Speaking Social Cross-culturally
it looks good to me :)
Best of luck to tonight on #TheVoice! So honored she sang at & my wedding.
is finally starting to recover from the cold, can't wait to get better soon!!!
#TheresNoReason to hate another human being!
The best gift we can give ourselves is health. Proper diet, serious workout daily and enough sleep should do the trick. Not that hard!:)
and get themselves in trouble lol
When you hang out with my friends a lot. It makes me feel like you are starting to like her.. And soon forget me.
bf3 is actually crazy good. Graphics are insane and you can actually drive things. Tank, jets, etc
Inglorious Basterds... Incredible. Sneaking into Funny People now. Who will come out on top? Dunno. Kinda hard to beat Tarantino though.
can i get paid now lol
whatever im surprise u aint drunk
Web 1.0 wasn't social because databases and servers weren't ready for that much data and processing power
whoa u look so nice
that's good. She's doing great! Thanx for asking
Security Professionals Nationwide
I do that too. Have a 46" TV 6 feet away, but it's perpendicular to my line of sight, so I often watch on my iPad when I'm alone.
John Cusack and Emma Roberts, stop filming around the block so I can park at my own fraking house.
i would like to go as far as possible im a hard workinq girl foreal , i love to sing rap and dance most of all i wont let you dwn
(for those who live in WV) VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE
Thanks for the follow! I'm an actor too, but sadly, have not been in any movies or TV shows.
sorry but there isnt. In fact that area is terrible
thank you so much doll! Pretty gorgeous yourself! Have a FABULOUS day! :)
Just tweeted updated version of #ux presentation
Thanks for the morning smile. Have a good Sunday!
can you know?
there is no limit to what i can accomplish today.....thanks Master P
#mymotivation being broke
happy birthday dude!
wow, already headed home from st.Louis. rollin papers..
100 Cappers with action on tonights games posted and 2 consensus on the Knicks & Lakers ... See ya at the Window
's not gonna make it past the Cowboys anyway.
Having fun tweeting about #paycon!
I needa late night texting bud! #AnyTakers?
I listened to your thing on the moth today!
Hi bed.
honestly after our convo last night, I think anyone under 30 is off limits to me now. Cougar Power in 2012.
Last day in Cali and then off to Miami trick!!!
The best part of #roundup is seeing people you know from high school and being so drunk you can't actually remember if they go to UT or not.
Nearing capacity crowd of 4500 at Monona Terrace recall walker party
Audition for trailer park with
It's hard to get back into pumpkin-themed story time after a "I don't have a daddy." interruption from a front-row pre-k kid.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies
TEXT MY COMPUTER BACK DUDE.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. ~ Tony Robbins
Couldn't get breakfast at dufour's because there were too many people ordering food...
If video killed the radio star, then social media ____________.
i love my people <3 but i love my fam and bf mre than i love you ppl !
DIRTY PERIOD HABITS.....
For #MothersDay my boys want to "take me" to Moms get in free w/paid child... Can't wait!
-Love Me or Hate Me...But im always gone come out on top..
It's never too late to become the person you might have been - George Elliot
Oh no! What's wrong?
that's just wrong. And funny. :)
is live at #Bar_None_Chicago. $40 drink package includes all drinks and food. Come by and party with us!
haha! Why wouldn't you!?! DUDE I need a UMD night
'if you punish a person for dreaming his dream don't expect him to thank or forgive you...'
What is that thing?
TEBOW!!!! Where are the haters now!!!!!!
<----jigging in slow motion
let us know what you think ;)
Happy Weekend to all!!!
I also believe "scouts" said Peyton Manning was selfish and not as good as advertised
.... they look re-tar-ted
Thanks! Happy Valentine's Day to you too.
send me your email for an G+ invite
I'm gonna go to bed now, i've been so tired lately. Goodnight tweeters!(:
This dbq though
Springing forward on the most beautiful day in Miami! Sunny, breezy, it's the life!
People make choices.
In phoenix working on new course plus figuring out twitter
Thanks for the follow Lauren!
hijacked Political conversation surely. If anything gets "restored", I sure hope it's sanity.
What if you do good to destroy good? Now my brain hurts...
quick shower then relax, you'll love it!
Hey Peter- I'm hosting a golf tourney in June. Any upcoming breweries need exposure to heavy marketing drinkers?
what city do you live in then? I'm in San Bruno right now!
Hows it goin in GB. you know what, you should really become a viking
Do you want to come up here to Chicago, switch places with the Sox, and give us a season over .500?
I'll cuddle with you :))
absolutely. They have set the appropriate tone and I hope all supporters are directed by and respect that tone.
I wonder were well I meet her the perfect girl that I dreamed of
Doing some research and stumbled across this kid from the uk fux with the uk heavy, wouldn't mind taking my talents there.
RT : today and tomorrow and on wednesday is our incredible pizza field trip :)
I have a group of 4 that wants to ride Thurs 8pm! I know there are a few groups of 2 and 4 out there looking to use Groupons! Book up ppl!
Meetings & e-mails & emails & emails lol
It's confusing when Mayhem from the Allstate commercials is lying on Lemon's couch with a concussion.
Another memorable Old Spice Classic is in the books. Thank you to everyone who attended, watched on TV, and followed our Tweets!
Did you Know that running or walking a dog in the heat can cause cracked & splitting paws?
hey! You know what you should do?:) meet me!
Just fly
Im literally startin fresh fam, im gonna send that CD if thats what i gotta do. just a hungry ohio MC here
Heading for an early dinner at Can't wait to see the creativity.
Make your own luggage tags at Around the World Luggage Tags at the Francis Branch on March 8th at 4pm. Pre register online or call 282-4641.
from reading the rest of your tweets, it sounds like you've got a great trip planned. Enjoy! And Happy Birthday!
I'd rather be swimming right now 👙🍺✌
Mama is proud
RT : Shit my roommate says " Rihanna has been drinking coconut water so I got coconut water"
Watching paranormal activity 2 with my uncle
RT - ⋆⋆⋆ NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 5PC TWIN BEDDING SET, Twin Comforter, Twin Sheet Set, Pillow Sham, New NFL Boys Best Offer Promo
UPDATE 1-Protesters voice anger outside BofA annual meeting
Given that very few fire agencies actually do have civilian PIOs, I think a legitimate issue has been raised.
Wooooohoooooooo!!! Go Kings!!!
": "Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!" - Said by no one. Ever." this is for you
Time names President Hrabowski one of 100 most influential; story on front page of Baltimore Sun
Hate being sick.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY girlie !!:D hope u get many presents!!! u'll be getting mine soon.....:D
Hooray. Good luck on the next steps!
Playing open mic at Murhpy's in Wrigley tonight...with an upright bassist in our line up for the first time!!! $$$$$$$$$$
Thank god I'm working & can't watch this disgrace “: Kazakhstan takes the U.S. to overtime at the world championship.”
Sean Age 5: "What kinda hair cut are we gonna give u today lil guy?" "I don't know what I want, I guess I'll take a blow job".... True Story
I'm not running, but I'm hoping to volunteer at the mile 7 water stop
ha ha is he now, what's so perfect about him????
No ones got it all
I want to go out to eat who down
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLEASE!!! I FOLLOWED YOUR SISTER!! (':
Thanks Kathy! I owe you one :)
3 wedding cakes, 1 groom's cake, and over 200 cupcakes...done, done and done. Now time to relax with my great family :)!
Whoops! Running a bit late for #ttw12 - see everyone soon!
Who's enjoying their Thursday?
Praying for ya to have a full, speedy, and strengthening recovery Narvy. Take care bro
My Grandmother called me today and Told me she loves me for who am I and doesn't care that I am gay.
Ur kidding urselves if u think this wont have an affect on the AA vote. Pre-emptive outreach is in order.
Isn't that the place w/ the amazing truffled fries? The 1st (& best) I've ever had were there. Happy year end (&boar hunting)!
#TIFF11 starts today. We'd love to be there and check out Paddy Considine's Tyrannosaur! Good stuff coming to the screens!
I sure didn't need to see this when I am so far away from home. A GPS,if not alert will take you to Mexico/Canada.
Formatted my PC this weekend and had to install the new The new blue client is quite possibly one of the worst updates ever.
Grace & Peace to all on this #Monday!
Chile's winemaker Concha y Toro will invest $60 million into its own business during 2012, chairman Alfonso Larrain told reporters.
The elevator i'm in smells like an outhouse. I bet the last guy farted...
thanks Lydia! Great job tonight missy! :)
The Euro Crisis Has Entered A Dangerous New Phase via
Allergy and asthma medicines can be incredibly expensive. TheOnlineAllergist offers you free money saving coupons on many prescription...
praying for a safe return.
Isn't it Ironic that on May 1, 1945 Adolf Hitler was confirmed dead and on May 1, 2011 Osama Bin Laden has been confirmed dead?
Removing you from my mind was easy but removing you from my heart is nearly impossible
Dance like the photo isn't being tagged, love like you've never been unfriended, & tweet like nobody is following.
I was just staring at the cover, hypnotized. Beautiful. Please don't make me cluck like a chicken.
Hope all of the mothers out there have a great Mother's Day!
Wishing u the best u happy new years and the rest f the year having fun and special things happening !!!!!!!1
Pretty accurate RT : If you looked up "grind-it-out" in the dictionary, there would be an entry about this Heat-Knicks game.
what about bronzing? I want to learn how to bronze everything
We just launched our 18·81 Grille Facebook page! Make sure you "Like" it so you can see our daily specials & give us feedback!
Lindsay Lohan still has teeth?!
what a morning; 1st a neighbors house was TP'ed then as I got on the Freeway a car was flipped on its side. There were cops everywhere.
Hope you are having a successful week friends. Thank you:
sure thing.
I dunno, but it will be glorious!! Probably august sometime
Come see SP & of #HungerGames party tmrw after & honor at
Get your scramble on
TWO STORIES by Jack Sussek...coming soon. "Noir Manhattan at it's best..." "Crisp, curt, to the point stories that slice you like a knife."
One thing I've learned in the past year is that, trust does not exist anymore.
Okay, thanks. Real quick, do you know who cleared you guys off the subway? And what happened to the woman?
First official shift at the library went well, all things considered. Just about time to call it a night.
I hate liars
I accept that challenge. "Savings without danger or injustice" I accept that challenge. [1943]
Sometimes people hop on bandwagons without knowing the driver or the destination. Research is key.
And see, even the middle of this movie has its own act breaks. There's enough here for at least 6 dumber action movies.
Yay I get 2mora off ... U no wat that means... Editing vids!! ... Kinda anticlimactic 8(
I am listening to "Bright Lights" by and I love this song more and more every time I hear it
congrats girl!!
Fuck you, bitch.
I'm down with the illuminati
Great lunch with Jonathan Franzen who is visiting TU: he 's great with students + even fielded Q about women's b-ball and title IX (yep)
I've never cried so hard
Am I the only one that hates when someone says "I have to tell you some thing but imma tell you later"? Smh fucking retards
Yes you should. Mies van der Rohe was wrong: More is more.
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks
hybrid is one way to describe it ;)...
rebody vote for jaden for the 2011 teen choice awards okay vote for okay
and yet people will vote for either of them instead of Obama...
RT : Folks in AZ -hit one of six Chili's in Mesa/Gilbert any Thurs. in June & mention "Play Ball'' and we'll get 10% of the bill!
I want it need it just gotta have it!!!
I followed you on instagram!
"In San Francisco, you can have a hot job, a hot apartment and a hot lover but not all at the same time." - Tales of the City
I planned one at 11, but there's 30min break anyway
theres never too much coffee RT : thinking i might need to brew another pot of coffee
..can we just kiss?
Good morning everyone!
Today's project: creating exhibition labels by exporting AT data as DC, then .xls, then mail merge in Word.
Bryz is so bad
Chef Geoff Tyson's is located at the epicenter of fine shopping and business in northern Virginia
As DET broadcast team talking about how hard it is to hit HR off Fister, Babe Plouffe hits a "nuclear" shot to go back-2-back with Morneau
Try making weekly goals each Monday, when goals are short and measurable they can be much easier to stick to!
A very slow, not easily transmissible virus.
If you imagined the best and brightest version of yourself... what would they do about a situation you've been stressing over?
que mystery
please meet , EL Queen of Social Media!
Over all I had a great time with my best friend ha we kept being retarded, and then Andrea was scoring on me all morning lol
S/O to happy birthday babydoll! I love you!
oh, I'm so jealous! And that's not the only benefit, I guess. Congratulations with the new job!!
He's not quite there yet, but Marcus Camby is running on the treadmill right now at Blazers practice facility.
A passion for both stories and gaming is another important asset
who else is failing that religion test tomorrow?!
cause everyone has jerrys peen so we all know what looks like!
Not able to reply to DM, you must follow me first :-) But the answer is yes please fill free!
Just had the worst snack of m'life: dry oatmeal.
Comfort Suites Fishers is now on Twitter!! Follow us to keep up to date on special events through out the city and any special promotions!!
Writing an article on what REALLY happens to your resume.
ha lol I know right I had one done yesterday
Glad that #Romney is doing his part to make #Mccain look bipartisan.
For those counting, I left around 7:30. Taking out bathroom, gas and walk from parking spot to home... 4 hrs total
I love when I'm at a bar & the muted TV commercial edits match the random music playing
I MISS YOU TOO. can we PLEASE hang out soon!?<3333
Hint 2: Kobe went to Lower Marion, #Tebow and JaVale went to... (see Hint 1)
I sleep too much! lol but idk is something bothering you??
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET A FREE FOLLOWER -------->
Thanks for the RT love!
vintage clothing sale going on at Boneshaker today! Stop on by! We're open until 8pm.
now that case is to cute!
- Welcome Carol! Thank you for following! LUV your website! Robin Lynch Aerialist
July 16th almost here the official release party!!!!! Can't wait then Finally the tour starts Thank GOD I'm ready to hit da road.
#PeopleIWantToMeet are , and
they are that's why I'm marrying Nathan cuz he good looking and funny he is everything lmao
Skrillex never ceases to stop my head from nodding when I put his music on. Great stuff!
Even when I'm alone, and I make a shot into the garbage from 10 feet away I look around to see if anyone noticed.
I forget what was Haydens allience team called last year on
goodnight sausage links :D
sick, and performing in #amcel this weekend... VOICE!! COME BACK!
Many thanks, that's the goal! ;)
Romney asserts that alien brain eating bigots will vote for him, fiction that job killing is bad won't effect his prospects.
Thank you 4 the info! Gr8 article w/quotes fr OWN's CEO! (Getting my pitch ready) :) Did u happen 2 go 2 session?
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Francisco 49ers
(insert insightful comment here)
yes. Rad picture.
THANKS!! i even figured out how to change header pics! :) i love yours too-- looks AWESOME. go us!
agreed!! Me as the smallest person still took the money out of my account!!
haha i know (:
Hiya Sandiee & good morning :) hugs
I have SO many different chapsticks....I don't think ill ever finish any of them
Thanks folks!
Hahaha, it's not a date it's just virtual meet. hhahb
What does it mean when your marketing consultant tells you to get counseling??
Dude, you gotta go to
Ready for kickball season..
What’s your favorite thing to do at the beach Milwaukee?
Happy Holidaze: MOTHER PUCKER Day is any day life sux lemons & U have a lemon-cello & a smile to make it better! ~ Lisa Morgan
Not sure if you remember us, we had a little 8 week fling, earlier, and I know we had a couple fights, a couple off weeks, but c'mon back!!
Good luck! See you soon...
in a good way! It's round two for me. The program is fast, hard and intense and def kicks some butt!
Thank ya loves!
Also: how bout them 7-0 #Packers! This is such a great payback to all the diehard Packer Fans that have supported The Pack thru good & bad!
lmao that's gonna be hard ! But I'd love to go too !
“: Cocaine Cowboys is the greatest documentary PERIOD.” #KingofKong a close 2nd though
It's awesome! I've been playing it all week :)
Welcome to it, whitey.
Hate to admit, but always have been a fan of Cody Ross....
just call me Jay Bird "caw, caw"
love you Zach :)
me too!<3 we should convince him to have one:D
Two days left to save big on the Clear Admit Waitlist Guide! Receive 15% off purchase of the Waitlist Guide and School Guide til 5pm on 3/12
is that why u were so determined they were gonna win???:)
Any PERM- Sr. SQL Server Administrators out there looking for a new gig?!
heyy, follow back? (:
G.M.N.I.: Long day. Could use a headrub. But this pillow will suffice.
Locking the door without her noticing
It's rarely legal protests that change history, good on them.
I'm hoping to take off the last week of May. Pick a day.
HAPPY GREEN DAY
Life Magnet: Negative repels, Positive attracts! Use the Positive to attract the things you want out of Life!
Best album since DUSTBIN.
Listening to early blues and country music. Rehab day 2
I LOVE MONDAYS.
I am a Crack Fox Behold My Power
Almost has been a full year since Einstein! began writing "This Night Will Never End" would anyone be interested in hearing a new E.P?
Most eating places serve outlandish amounts and some still claim to be "healthy." Um...
Good questions that Q needs to answer. O moves seemed to work. Not D!
They're ALL gay! You can tell because they're all smiling. :D
lmfaoo known her houa ass she would pick u up from Canada lol
wow! very sweet compliment - especially coming from you. thank you so much. gonna be out your way next month. hope to catch up :-)
Keep it natural
St. Paul street is full of people riding bikes that are far too small for them. That, and crust punks.
i followed the account
We're with you on that one!
is following me.. Oh my god It is the best day of my life.. Love you guys!
Expect Tulloch to sign now with this cap space freed up RT : Calvin's extension saves Lions $9M in cap space according to sources
Good morning Detroit! Yesterday we matched six lucky mentees with mentors that work for IAC. That's how to
Please go Follow :) Get her a lot of followers :D
Just heard thunder in da burgh... dark at 3:30...
feeling lucky for such friendship Ayouy ☺ #TrueFriend !!!
"All good things..." Aquire's annual conference #WISDOM2012 ended today
Hi I love your new profile!
stop on black friday and register too win and girft basket next audio dynamics farmington missouri
Thanks! I'm happy with my Hurley for now. Even took it to Europe and back last year!
#FF Analysts/Friends I've worked with:
Made it to Denver!
RT : Its good to embrace your culture, one thing is I love unifest especially when my mom has a booth <<ONE LOVE!
three dope ass mixtapes droppin this year... "No Gimmikz "Welcome Home" and "Behind the Make Up"
finally ordered some boots. hopefully they arrive before my trip......
Two days till opening....BEAU JEST Glendale Centre Theatre. Please come see me. Email me about tix
Jealous as fuck. Haha. Not fair..
I'm shuffling my cards, about to cut my queens... Yea... But I ain't the deala, house full of bitches like tila tequila
Im better than I thought I was
I also hear this will be a multimedia prsentation.
I thought Colton was amazing!
Silence is a cure for grief – an Arabic proverb.
Btw we don't say Chicagoland. Love ya.
Im not a Facebook status....You Bitches dont have to like me...
The Palate Wrecker was just named a best beer of 2012 by Esquire Magazine!
"Empire State of Mind" by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys has been my guilty pleasure lately. It's so darn catchy!
A week without class means lots of travel! First Las Vegas, then Savannah. Miss you already, Indianapolis!
RT : Somebody listed as an unemployed wizard gave $1,000 to Endorse Liberty, the pro-Ron Paul #SuperPAC, in February.
secondly, if that's the best you can do, I feel sorry for you. Either way glad I'm in your head. Your head. I'm in it.
Thank you all so much for following!! I feel so awful that i am stuck at this damn follow limit!!! :-(( #givemeabreak twitter!!
lol you online
Neglecting animals is a crime, mister.
Doesn't the situation look like he's pauly shores little brother?
Guinness or whiskey should get you through the weekend.
But u did didn't u?
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” ― W.B. Yeats
#Wonderland is My new TV show-you'll luv it especially if you're into watching a piss poor Irish copy of "making the band"
What have you done for your career today?
I got an ungodly amount of sleep last night. I also fell asleep during a movie, while trying to do a Twined Binding book model.
haha why can't there be people like you in this world !
4 #BeastieBoys album titles are trending on It should be because of the R&R HOF concert on TV tomorrow. Sadly #MCA is gone.
- promised no rain on our parade today! See you there.
I refuse to engage in watching Kendra's sex tape. I refuse to support some jerk who's trying to make money off her.
just imagine a grown man throwing a tantrum while shoving fries in his mouth, or picture Mark Madden being Mark Madden
RT : C'mon iSay you #Follow now! Rape there follow button! >:)
Wish I saw you. I was picking up my lunch from David & Dad's.
Great post. Innovation is key, no matter what age.
This shit scripted. How you gain access to someone else room?!
always here brown toes.
well spank my ass and call me sharky, what's up to my Twitters out there. :D
I'm at work I'm a call u n a second
aww well yeah you always stop :(
“: I'm seriously just gonna find myself a hot croatian guy and never come back 😉” I swear, life goals.
Damn this girl that sit in front of me smell like raw fish ! 😷😷
Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.
True High Fidelity fanatic RT : I copied all my favorite quotes into a Word doc.
we still want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month! HELP US!!!
welcome to Twitter ma..what do ya think?
awake and getting ready to get in my car! #KSLAM is going to trend this morning. And it shall be awesome.
Great meeting you!
RT : Today IS Handel's birthday...Happy Birthday, Georg!
“: let me know what you think, or if you get stuck.”. <- will do, thx
I dig Phillips but he's got to change it up! Good luck all!
Mercer has cancelled for tonight...see everyone at next Friday!
Way to many children's songs on Jack's pandora station make me teary.
I'm hearing ya let's go
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive of course
Sunburned and loving it.
well worded jasmine lol! It sucks!
That's brilliant!
Every since Steve Jobs died, a part of me just feels missing.
followd can I get a followback
What are the numbers on Stop and Search?
Listen and Download to our new track that just dropped!!
My head says who cares but my heart whispers u do stupid.
I was healthy all winter long all of a sudden we get a little sun and I'm so sick!! Ugh
Never thought I would say this about a car but custom rims on a Rolls Royce actually look stupid
well said my man
Cub Swanson is callin you out on ! That would be an excellent fight! Cannot wait to root for
you gotta follow the right people.
Positive words screw to the left, moving upward while negative words screw right, moving downwards:Screw Model of Semantic & Social nets.
My eyes look crazy!
She stabbed me.... With a pen
Late night munchies??
did u go to subway and order a sandwich and told them to just dump all the ingredients right in your shorts?
Playing Duo tonight with the spectacular at tonight at 8pm!
me too!
: thanks! Not Irish...but celebrating still the same. Hope you're well!
To excited to play golf tommorow
Messing with a bunch of girls is #fuckedup. Stick to one and you will atleast get one.
Working on some new designs... Flyers, 2 websites, a mixtape cover and more! - MWWdesigns.com
Known as liquefied petroleum gas propane is a by-product of natural gas & crude oil refining. Used for cars!
Been a grouch all day- this LA heat or I'm fed up.
GC seems prophetic in the podcast.
Don't forget: FREE breakfast week starts Monday! Get the item of the day free with any purchase.
#SexisBetterWhen after ya finish u leave her shakin
There's a Toad Suck near my mom in AR.
Thanks to all the #FF mentions &
Thanks for the follow, Laura!!
great weekend locos until next time!
Cubanitas for a client lunch.
I thought today's NY Times crossword was above average, but maybe it's all in my hea(r)d.
Night night (:
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery is possible the weakest team out east
I'm giving side eye to both her and Cyrus. “: The first lady is someone to watch out for!! #SCANDAL”
Can't stop listening.."The Great Escape Artist"...so, so good!
thank you!
What is up with the #traffic in #Bethesda ?!
Thank you so much for coming out to our #happyhour tonight a - hope you had fun!
that #NLRB memo suggests tip no. 9 is essential to creating your company's policy!
"We would have a fine time living in the night, Left to blind destruction, Waiting for our sight."
I guess CL is signed up for a play.
you're not married? :)
recipe on bag of Nestle toll house chips is best!
Good smile!! We both have what I call the "juicy face"!! :-)
kids are out the door & on their way to school, and I am headed to church
#snow in #ct #ff have a great
Thank you for reading my tweet... I ~♥~ U
I see.
Reporting my volcard "stolen" so I don't have to pay 35 dollars for it
Check out my new fan page on FB and LIKE IT {Bloodworth Law Office}
ALRIGHT IM BACK! Lets get this show on the road shall we?
Thanks CSN for switching to the Bulls game SIX minutes in. I really appreciate it.
Researching my latest article assignment - dog teeth problems. Also trying to find time to work on some new sites. KW research is a beast.
Hey Sorry! I just saw this. I'll call you.
I'm now being followed by ? Must be another one of those spam accounts.
exploiting a meme to get people to buy pistachios...why not?
we almost have 700 fans!
i hope i dont. its just this guy. hah... :/
Lets go baby.....Welcome to the flock! Congrats and Welcome Home!
Ready to shove some meat in my mouth
Congrats to Anne on finding her bridal gown at Miss Ruby today. What a beautiful bride she will be!!
I want more #Instagram followers! :)))
Just saw Chumlee now at the concert
Saw your story on WA state printing/contracting. Crucial questions not asked: What would the state save? Why print at all?
Summer Hits of the 90s on Pandora, perfect for those kids who grew up in the 90s
It's finally Friday
Cant wait for Valentines Day :)
Feel like shit... Time to sleep it off
1704-British sea dog Adm Rourke & Sir Cloudsley Shovel capture Gibraltar from Spain. Britain still owns it today, which really annoys Spain
I'll consider staying only if I can get charges reversed immediately.
I'm not saying I'm jealous but....I AM JEALOUS! RT : Assisting with a glamor magazine shoot all day yeahyeahyeah
Also, I really wish delivered. I only want real Mexican food, qdoba is for when I'm hammered!
Hey long time No Chat how it going?
Cal Ripken throwing out the first pitch at the #MLB home run derby
Joey! I'm interested in booking you for a show that gets aired on Comcast. I'll email your management.
The desire for a knight in shining armor is the most seductive weakness of all..
's video looks amazing... and it's all shot with 5d mark II! Yeah technology!
That's what we call "teaching with technology."
Who wants to be my 2,000th follower? Stuck at 1,999 as we speak....
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. -Zig Ziglar
Hank Phillipi Ryan at MWA U tells class listen to criticism separate out the personal
Dirty whore alert!
you're a roulette baller
I can't believe you guys hadn't met yet!
LOL sounds good to me!
that's actually pretty cute.
“: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day”
oh wow! I remember when u were pregnant w/them!! Congrats!!! XOXO
every story has a beginning, a middle and end. I'm stuck on chapter one..♥
Sources: Arizona State to dismiss head coach Dennis Erickson after 6-6 season
Soccer ... how is it a sport it doesn't make sence
Brad Davis! Nice goal, but whatever.
I just love you my cute little Jessy
Hey Danielle, follow us and I'll DM you the invite right away. Just sent his :)
ok i did tell danni she my gf
I Cant Sleep I Dont trust Shit Money Money
how about a shout out to Darko Taco in Indiana but originally from Spanish Harlem 102nd st Lexington Ave.
Hey where's the best place to buy a Deuce Brand watch in San Diego.
If beauty is found in the youth why are pimples so ugly?
yup yup
Great news for you and - congratulations
I had K+ to giveaway. No idea what they do, but thought it would be nice. We can't go tonight. I am 2 sick.
Damn that's a long drive.
My Yiayias yells at me to eat while I'm eating, doesn't know what the internet or txting is, and cant speak English, but I love her anyways!
Following and followed by 3000 wonderful people. Thanks all for helping me reach another milestone. On to 4000!
I like it RT : its official.... I need to buy a #teamJohnny t-shirt. I of course, am on
Could've done way better at Tryouts but w.e I tried. It is what it is :/
john stratton, YOU are so refreshing
Honestly, I would read a book that's all pontificating and sighing! But the P&S genre probably doesn't get much shelf placement.
It's oatmeal and raisins for J and I. What was your breakfast??
Omg yes u need to!!!
Big thanks to everyone who supported our Kickstarter! See you at the show on June 10th.
I hear some1 is playing RascalFlatts out on the Parkin lot, and I LOVE IT :D
#HappyBirthdayHermione Thanks for always being so brilliant - don't know what Harry, Ron and the rest of us would do without you!
": Ready to book my flight to Miami.. Holla at me." Ya damn right that's the place to be lol
what is that photo of? and are you following me on twitter I am at fancienanc
Feeling really under the weather this close to graduation
Skills are the currency of the new millennium
EVERYONE FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 100 FOLLOWERS LIKE Y'ALL HELPED ME!! THANKS<3<3
Look for Pro-Logic 8 recording software Quick Start Manual. Any help out there?
they keep hitting each other with pitches and the Nats stole home all in the first inning.
Party for ever
" Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. " - John F. Kennedy
GGC is now hiring dancers!
That's cute.
I used to love idol but #TheVoice is a lot more fun. Plus there are fewer dramatic pauses.
Wtf. Random hamstring charley horse at my desk.
So much work, so little time. Time flies when you're not having fun.
Thank you to for the follow! We really enjoy your updates on #staffing #HR and
From one Kalish to another...wishing you a speedy recovery!
It's really a matter of the powerful #RINOs not letting them accomplish anything unless they toe the line.
Thankful I Got The Team Around Me That I Do. I Know Im in Good Company Cuz it Takes A Strong Team 2 Be Successful in The Music Business....
My thermos is too good at what it does - I am still burning my tongue, hours after the tea was made.
My first sales mgr was Direct + Funny. The way I stand up for my clients - He stood up for our team!
Good idea. We do pre-show and lobby headshot/bios. What about "credits" running, video screen on stage?
Would really love to start writing some songs with more piano but it's tough not having one - virtual grand is kinda poopy - maybe a plugin
I'm ready to sweat! I 💜TRX
everyone im 's real dog. all others are posers of me!!
way too much blue
Eat me like one of your French fries...
She just head butted that beach boy!
I ain't got shit to prove to you niggas
ㅋㅋ ah that's how i'm feeling at this moment....sigh♡
Congratulations on your #goldenglobes award for the Help "WELL DESERVING!"
too funny
God is so awesome. I slept right thru that turbulence. One more flight. God got me :) safe travels everyone. God bless u
Glad to be off of work. Exhausted and hungry -.-
RT : The bottom line for an NSF CAREER proposal: is that person going to be the future go-to person in that specific area
Politics is game of spoken not written English. Sound knowledgeable and connect to people. Story and good/bad guys. Rosenberg
I'm not crazy. Everyone has that one person that just makes their skin crawl.! Lol
going to the studio today to record song with b.o.b!! check my space for new song..
Spurs vs Jazz if the jazz keeps the tempo up they can win
We can safely announce that Jared Forest has won our Brackets Challenge and will be the recepiant of a Power Play Show Hat!!!!
whos that i saw her on yahoo but idk who she is!
Go follow for amazing quotes :D
#YouMightBeAStonerIf you can hear colors and see unicorns.
where are they sleeping at. I just don't know where at. hopefully not in my house.
I'm hungry!
Thanks for da love! :)
Hello! Are you joining us at #CLbrT2012?
I'm not used to this, not stuck up but it happens like everyday. I guess it's ugly duckling syndrome lol
Tebow's locker, for those wondering: between Royce Adams' and Josh Baker's - about 25 feet from Sanchez's.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at !!
Joining us during Denver Restaurant Half Month for Alligator Baby Back Ribs, Escargot Pot Pie or Fried Frog Leg Mac n Cheese?!
No doubt the red hair helps!
i would love to be your friend
yea I'm defense gone do something
lol! Glad u knew what I was trying to say :)
well i just got a call my sister is in surgery but that means she has a chance so i am happy
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on Feb 8th at mohawk place in buffalo,ny !!!! amazing
well i failed twice hows that all i care about is food and i got kicked out of a school for a fight that wasnt my fault :/
thanks to you too! That was a lot o dishes.
Pulling myself together, work was tough.
Dang Russ is killing
Potatoes in any form are gods gift to earth.
- indeed - why didn't he give the initial speech? Would have been SO much better
i luv this saying... it makes me feel really smart
I am behind the basket. Five rows off court and it is another basketball court to the actual court
LOL Yes, or that :)
Watching Baby Boy (:
Independent Music by artists in the genres of Hiphop, Reggae(ton), Soul, Pop/Rock and Spoken Word! All at IVCTV.NET
The new TNT format for the NCAA tourney games is a joke! We want 2 see games not studio analysis blabber!
Paul Round named outstanding student at
Can someone please put the mangy dog roaming around campus out of our misery? Anyone? Please?
comments are sometimes better than the actual story
Just ate a taco 12 pack in 5 minutes! Thanl you fellas!
Thanks John! ": I had to follow the best coffee in the city"
Let's discuss affiliate and internet marketing!
RT : S/o 2 my new follower is now following!!
S\O to Euro Training Boi! Haa
Im never on here like that anymore....hm...dont know why though....oh well...
SET THE MUSIC FREE!(:
I'm mostly #ccss literacy across the district--work w ELA, science, social studies and CTE mostly k-12.
Looking for people who care? Try
Watching nightmare on elm street... #randomashell... idk if I can't take these terrible graphics much longer..
blunt blowing
If your organization is in need of a way to accept payments/donations, we would be happy to talk with you!
"#linkeddata used by NY Times to provide context of terms described in Times articles."
You get what you give
I'm not anymore! Thanks! :) haha
Even though the road is paved I still chose to walk by faith, never by sight.
Based on the RTs, someone unfollowed for being "to liberal." I would happily take their place if I were not blocked. :'-(
Samijean Valverde: Truth is: If you hang around the ill for very long,, you will become one!
Didn't end up going... Little guy has allergies we found out!
the places I suggested are Uptown ~2 miles from Convention Center, ~2 miles from Anvil
Big nap guy, lol!
aww, you're too kind. Love you!!
I am amazed at how long a person can talk without stopping (in conversation). This woman has not paused for 26 minutes. Her poor friends.
people aren't good at making decisions.
Day 6 or did you have wine last night & didnt want to tweet about it?
we got one life, oh yeah let me waste it on worshipping a mythical character and hope for a happy ending :)
u went with karen i waz gunna go but then u walked ovr to her so i stayed is dat y mireya is mad at me to -.-
Headed Back to #FutureMed Today to Demo Zipongo and celebrate a great week! See ya there?
lol. Cute little girl you've got. Hoping she gets all her mommas looks...
Morgan Keith and I got tickets on stubhub.
needs to stop with all this Tebow talk...STFU already!!!!
On my friends iPod during class
Whose political policies will best lead the nation in the right direction? Obama or Romney?
Waiting in line to watch AVENGERS
will do :)
sorry for the delay... best strategy for craps is pass line (or don't pass) with free odds. Bet and wait. It's that simple
WIN A PRIZE by tweeting suggestions on how we can improve #GISITR or email them to
Prius commercial, terrible. Wheat Thins commercial, meh. Cadbury Eggs commercial from 1987 - priceless. #FrozenPlanet is my Super Bowl.
#IfSheCant keep a steady income - u ending up broke will be the outcome
Ha! It's so appropriate.
lol! I try to make a point of taking one. Although the choices make it hard!
#educause10 Hamel: the web dematerializes, disintegrates, disintermediates, and democratizes. How to best use these forces for Higher Ed?
Such a great day...baby news and suprise visitors!
May 15 see Chris Williams perform songs from his soon to be released new album at Steamers Jazz in Fullerton
dude i love your videos on youtube
looking for a #PMP Sr #PM for a global retail client near #MKE, #ITIL and #BMC Remedy experience preferred
balls...already had plans made for after work...if you're around tomorrow, I could do a later run after vb.
Mom and Dad, but thank you, haha.
My heart says no but my head says stay.
You concerned about a guy that don't even pay you no mind.
I need a run to clear my mind from this numbing critique! I don't like being a hater.
Made my day! RT no haircut can ruin that super star face
atlas.ti nothing good for Mac as far as I know
Don't they have Bieber?
One's heart is a #garden from which a pure spirit grows when love is cultivated.
Backstory: Rice students are designing puzzle feeders for Oragutans at the Houaton Zoo.
U$D is above 87, not a good sign.
Anyone know where I can get my typing certified in San Francisco? Also, how to resist saying 'certified' in a goofy voice?
we're happy u follow us. We follow you too! It's a love fest!
n I'm thru playing da mention game . Dm me . Why do I need r u need 1000 people in our mix . Troof
Thank you Enterprise!
That's right ;)>
he did okay, no run support. Where was the hook yesterday when Kuroda kept giving up Runs?
when you don't have that many followers you can't afford to not follow back...heads up I'm bout to unfollow some more ppl
Tha name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. -Proverbs 18:10
Killer whales are beautiful
We are at the library finishing our resume's
#YouNeedToRealize that's your in the freakin 8th grade not 4th seriously grow up stop all the drama
I want to thank & for donating items to fundraiser
There's a silver lining, though: you have "agreed-upon ends." How rare in a modern English dept!
this sounds like a good plan!
“: #Omg who me I'm a #Sissyboy hehehe” well if the shoe fits my nigga.
You know it baby! : lives for primo. Mayj.
taking note of that... How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
The only way 2 measure my game is 2 get on court & play. # Unleash
You ought to know...
#CanIJustTellYouThat we love how much you listen to us :-)
I'm really starting to LOVE Instagram (y)
I declare saturday MILF day! Time to party!
Cleo and Mika are black showoff brainiac cats.
....he didn't look nearly as fast or shifty as u were in college. Runnin behind Bama's OL will make any RB look good.
Muses krewe rolls tonight. Maybe the last night parade with great weather according to forecast. DUKES of dixieland on Natchez Sat, Sun, Mon
Can you spread the word or us? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on 9/11? Proceeds go to charity.
Recognize my life. Ridicule my fight...
That said, the NHL playoffs are exciting even without my team. i'll be pulling for and his Senators on Thursday
I have no idea what that is. :)
GO DODGERS!
Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself. Richard M. Nixon
Yeah congratulations
Always. I hate the phone.
A young David Mamet worked as a waiter at Second City in Chicago. Think he got good tips?
Everyone at work thinks we're dating, we act like we should be dating....
#NW Off their Rockers
hair chalking
Happy hour downtown tonight with my former roomie! Where to go...where to go...!?
nixes Keystone Pipeline. Thanks for the ammo...
Merry Christmas to you too!
Unbelievable #Cardinals & #Rays. A historic 2-fer!
R.I.P Whitney Houston <3
Agree<3: It #hasalwaysbeenmydream to be happy. Nothing more nothing less. I just want to grow old, look back on my life; and smile
8 and 9 hitters, Andino and Bell just drove in 4 runs in top of the 7th. Andino jumped on first pitch, and Bell battled back from down 0-2
My goal for this summer is to go to all the shows I can I'm having withdrawals..
Excited for the show with
Watching the #UW #Baylor game w/the I'm really hoping is giving hell right now. #Huskies!
now following ( :
Not a surprise congrats Adele on record of the year
RT "Don't mess with Texas. How do you "mess" with a state? Turn all the road signs upside down? Hide Arkansas?" jajajajaja!
I'm excited about Saturday night at gallery.
Soon, there will be nobody left but marketing people, on Twitter, all pointlessly marketing to each other..
I am sorry to reply, no. I am so bummed, because I would love to meet you, Jen!
. Didn't even see Camille's, but seemed Starbucks & Quizno's was all that was open. How hard is it to f' up an egg sandwich?
damn, did Forsyth not come through? I thought I saw them on the list earlier
RT : Well has nice taste In submissions!
I'm fine baby;) and u?
just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller.
agree. I remember when it was new. Come on NBC on Monday nights.
My hair is black again. Hml
Football practice was nice today. Go Raiders.
Pretty much all there is to interview w Clay. I'd recommend no one listen to it. Same message from DD as presser. No reason to click
Go Iggie go go go go, let rip :)
yes, please!
Bad news.My cousin crashed his moms car.he's fine but hes freakin out cuz he hasnt told her yet.shes gona b pissed off big time
Eating sushi!yum
Katy Kelly Melonhead Party for June 20 has been cancelled. Watch this space for new information.
I lit a candle in hopes of not breaking the screen on my phone like last Fiesta.
That is a great story! Thanks for passing it along.
#3WordsOfAdvice Do. Not. Procrastinate.
Vikings score a TD lions down by 12
we were busy, chasing kids, changing diapers, and playing air hocky
A Bacon's History of The United States of America (Vol. 1)
It's called Be The Ladder, which philosophizes my saying...Don't climb the ladder...BE THE LADDER
Eid Mubarak to all my Muslim Brothers and Sisters!
I'm here for the party and ain't leaving till you kick me out.
What'd you think? (The loyalty of a certain transplanted Baltimorean to your restaurants may or may not be at stake...)
So instead of studying for my AP geo exam, I bought a new sweatshirt and went to the water polo game.
Are there any sane creatures roaming the earth tonite...?
#Jesus "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." John 8:12
love you<3
Glad I could spare your life, deer, but my flat tire needs replacin and I know you ain't putting up the cash.
Looking for a new theme for the Rose Quarter Blog... Any favorite #Wordpress Themes?
wat up Joe where u at put some in me
decent win tonight playing 5-5 PLO
"The biggest mistake you can make in life is to be continually afraid of making one."
Looked for synonyms for visual communicator and found this gem, an Optical Dispatch Virtuoso lol
hello, is it me you're looking for?
Good Luck! RT : Amelia County basketball in State Group finals! This is big for our county! Just west of
News flash & : If you use the same color towel everyday, there's no confusion on which is which.
Thinking about donating my books to the local library. Is this cynical self-promotion or a good idea or both?
SO FUN getting to see you guys on the big screen and with an audience. We loved it! The audience was crackin!
He'll be in LA doing Red this summer.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams need to get Kevin love some help
Cool. Did they own it at the time he went across or later?
fuck that!...working hard for success...what a lame idea.
If you are in LA please come and join me on Mother's Day at The Talking Stick in Venice Beach as I will be performing a small acoustic set
damn depressing.
"HEY! WHO YOU TALKIN TO??" -Kevin Hart ahahahaahah
smh at the shit we talk about at work. I'm still Trippin lmfao!
Giving Dragon Naturally Speaking software a try. It could definitely make comment writing easier. Any
go follow i follow back just tweet me♥
Hey it's a wonderful Friday night, do you have any plans? Long walk, glass of wine, new pair of shoes?
thanks for the retweet my man!
Mordheim tonight! Hope to see you there for some good Warhammer Skirmish action!!
wrong yes, but he had lost the team already and had been back-stabbed so what was there to lose?
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
i would have recommended just that: leave recycling on the drop off centers doorstep, then called 311 to come pick it up
so im trying to start a hanging with friends game with you but it said you already have too many games.. hahaha
Testing Text to twitter
this fucking night
I don't know why Savannah make some of the faces she make. O_O
RT : Retweet this if you want a #powershell certification! ,, ,
Thanks for making it over to our office last night. Hope to see you next week for the postponed UX + Beer && Code event!
This is either going to end awesome or really badly
that's all Brand can do now and its about time Rip does something, I've been waiting all year for him to produce
tell me ASAP im having a party thursday comecomecome and if you come friday you gotta be here thursday (:
"Soldier" x Eminem
I wish #TomJahnke was trending all over 's butt
We have a new server ready - vpn-sv3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco . It's available in your customer area now.
Ok cool...Any help I can lend lemme know. Biz is good, need more hours in a day. lol..
We give $100 Gift cards to #realtors who recommend our services!
aw thanks;)
Still can't believe we set off the fire alarm during that crazy set for FoCoMx. Awesome. Shoutout to Common Anomoly for being awesome.
Thank you to all of our guest speakers for visiting the summer program today. We were inspired!
Its whatever
u went to Turner didnt u?
just a dream, lol “ I seriously was like I've never partied with karen the fuck is she talking about aha”
I wonder what size shoes jesus wore.
Live tweeting from the Seattle CDC meeting on recommending meningococcal vaccine for infants
phrase for the day is: turn up! You BAD young woman! :)
hey selly <3 i am real jasmine and you ?
Start of February the right way with 99Cent Ground Beef & Chicken Fajita Tacos from 6-close Monday-Friday this week!
FACT: 20% of the world's population consumes 80% of the world's resources.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2012 eliminated subsidies during grace periods on undergraduate Subsidized loans.
If you have any problems when checking out on our FACEBOOK store, please just email or leave a message on here! XOXO
ha! brain doctor says my brain is normal. so there!
Hello back. Yes, it's on. Yes, there are some humans out here. (And yes, I feel like that around here, sometimes, too.)
Join me at Books on the Bayou at the Kemah Boardwalk where I'll be signing Less Dead and Lost Witness.
meet me !
Thanks for the laugh!! It's been a hectic day on the farm!!
and me too!
7-up I touched her thumb and she knew it was me
My weekend will consist of writing, music & Netflix all so that my next weekend will consist of fun times with
Just finished a GREAT photoshoot!!! Can't wait for the finished products!!!
I'll still see it. How do you feel about Nicole as Gelhorn?
awesome! thanks so much!
no the currentevent and the regular one!
": "Today is your day, your mountain is waiting, so get on your way." - Dr Seuss" Go Jamie!!!
Congrats to the #LBSU seniors who fought so hard. Congrats on great careers. We at the #BigWest appreciate everything you've given.
Watching the game and singing TA chants at home.
Social media is not a megaphone. Step down off your pedestal and INTERACT
teach me xD
tx. Keeping a smile + cheering 4 our team thru some very slow line changes and resulting goals for the ducks. Let's go
Custom Valentine's Day Printed Gifts available at NYC Printing 123. Find the perfect Valentine's Day gift for your special one. Call for...
unedited teats on Tit-ter.
Q7: I don't think so.
You know it's either an off day or a really good day if I'm wearing jeans! today is one of those days :)
We ain't been home since we was snatched from the Congo
oh damn that could be the move
Thoughts go out to the recent passing of Robert Sherman of the Sherman Brothers. His contribution to the music world is incredible.
Have you tried cognitive behavior therapy for ADHD/ADD? Was it beneficial? Please share your experiences!
Hope our fans who celebrated it had a great Easter weekend, and those who didn't enjoyed the beautiful sunshine!
it's been on my dvr but haven't caught up. these two guys are terrible. wtf
Disheartened by maternity policies in U.S. 3 mos isn't enough to bond w/baby & physically/emotionally recover from pregnancy!
can u send me that pic plz
love how close I live to tanger..just left & can still hear singing (:
aww we ain't even got to catch each other, I'll come to where you at! Lol 😂😂😂
#Oil #prices dropped to new a LOW for the year $1.75 to $94.38 #barrel! In London, #Brent #crude was down $1.61 @ $110.65barrel!
Really don't wanna study for this test
Mark Wahlberg probably wouldve stopped 9/11, but he didnt stop The Happening from being made.
How about calling areal pizza place? Their crap pizza is a worse offense than the phone ad ;)
You Da One
how nice for you. A drunk just screamed at us, "you don't know me! DOGS!!!"
nice shoes...gotta love a good #bromance especially when it involves a Breakfast Buzz
I started at the NYO last month and have been working remotely--I'll keep doing that 'til I get to NYC in May :)
Ended this busy day with a trip to ihop with the bestie.
Entering notes into Kutub->TimeTables around 2000 BC. A lot on Egypt; Rise of the Middle Kingdom from Thebes, a Renaissance of sorts
I'm glad you made it home safely <3
in the fall. Maybe we should watch it together.
haha, austin is always waking up at 1 pm :D
I woke up today by my bro yelling nick is here. I was half asleep so I believed him and woke up. -__- ugh #GoAway ;
Amen: Jour profs need to intersect conversations about ethics with the way students are actually using media.
Great stuff, Frank, can't wait!
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
That's so great. I hope I can do that some day. How did you get started?
Me too! RT : As will I. RT : I'll be there. RT : any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
Good news: 6-14 ties for worst start in #Angels history. Why good? They were 6-14 in 2002.
Welcome to Our New UNYG Blog! http:www.unyg.com/blog/ - Upstate New York Genealogy
SUCK IT. AND OF COURSE, THE HEART OF THE ORDER WAS UP LAST INNING
You must mean Antarctica
If torn ACL is the end for him, it has been one hell of a career. Itd be a shame for it to end this way, but he is a
Biggest party of the year
Fat Girls in bellytops look like beer-mugs foaming over..LMFAO
That's continuously taking away a child's bottle and then blaming the child for being malnourished. That's ridiculous.
Thank you!
Join FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event. for details.
Dave goes "ya feeling lucky?" I said Im gonna take Prilosec AND Pepcid when I get home. Not waiting for bedtime.
im so fricken annoyed now.
I knew I'd hear Prince before too long in this town. Who knew the first time would be in a Jimmy Johns??
Thanks, you too!
I thought it was supposed to rain in Nashville today what happened?
Today I locked up my $120 bike with my $120 lock. MLINY.
Most awesome news! See you in March for #EdCampSS #wickedexcited for you!
I don't believe you. I wot believe you. I still remember the first time I saw Willie Bloomquist. They say he's white too. Lies
Today has been wonderful....We all deserve happiness : )
omg that video was flawless #tweettweetlikeabird ;)
This is turning out to be a pretty interesting day.
haha nope! I'll probably fall asleep in a little bit though, have to wake up early :((((( you go to sleep!!!
If you have to ask where the funding for your project will come from, you're in the wrong person's office.
Four wines, four tunes pairing
probably not.
I'm all about the bag
Chances are good we won't be buying a house this time next year. :)
She probably won't see any of these.
Roundtables as incubators for leadership. Where I be this Friday morn
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Cuzo! Trying this Twitter thing...coming up in the world!
if thers a questions i have to ask.i make it happin capain.
It's sorta embarrassing that and I are wearing the same outfit...
I work w/captioners. On staff at Nice work w/Dine and Sign!
BEFORE YOU COULD CHANGE THE WORLD YOU GOTTA CHANGE THE WORLD AROUND YOU FIRST-YOUNG.S KEEP IT REAL AND POSITIVE
hitting this Muncie bowling alley #winning!
Fox, you gotta remember yr 16 is truly yr 17 for Kobe with all the playoff games he's played.
Thanks for coming all the way up to the back of the room to say hello!
thanks bud I miss you man #nohomo but what you doing today?
Inbox 5. I haven't been this close to 0 for about nine months. Completely unrelated: I took over as dept. chair in January, nine months ago.
I want a baby
Let's go
That is the beauty of Twitter...
Excellent Padawan. Now can you explain why that amazing fucking movie isn't available to buy?
i'll subtweet about you if i want to!!!
Gerbil Garbage 2012. This ain't your momma's grungecore psychedelic jazz infusion bluegrass band!
Perfect time to become a creator Me, I'm part of the 90% on the 90-9-1 rule.
“: I didn't know Soffe shorts were still a thing... #TSM”
Those freaky and faithful relationship that everybody wants.
Great Day. Spring Practice #1 at 7am, Watched and commented on film after practice on Sent notes to players. Ready for practice #2!
Just got the benefits, investments & IRA talk from my parents. Sheesh, nothing like planning for the future!
YOU NIGGAS ARE PLAYING A PRANK. I AINT HEARD THE SONG YET. SOMEBODY SEND ME A FUCKIN LINK IF ITS NOT A PRANK
it's Called St.Pabst Day!!!
I love it when new people play Frisbee. But if you're a guy and you only throw to guys, I'm going to be mean.
Like a moth to a flame...
we should crowd source a recipe book and call it "Tastes Like Childhood."
We'll let him know!
Hey #sagrads - Join us for a reception for you at #NASPA12 on Tues @ 3:15PM.
Im going to start sweating glitter soon... All this prep for 7 minutes on a stage... What's next? Teeth bleaching & eyelash extensions!
Cato's crowd -- Thanks for tonight's warm reception for all of us, from all of us.
Don Cornelius, Etta James, Whitney Houston...agreed?
My house is like zero Kelvin right now.
Well, I started with a marketing-like (or philosophical?) statement about the liberal arts, and have quickly realized that's bad.[+]
Had a cold Anchor Steam in San Fran... they know how to pour 'em.
RT Get outside and enjoy this weather!
Now I remember why I went back to school! To write poetry when I should be writing essays!
show us from that Coca Cola commercial!
Birds have gizzards which use muscles and small stones they eat to grind their food up.
Cudahy -car off cliff. Requesting boat.
Me and probably need professional help...:/
Please please follow me :o)
I asked Harrington if he has a twitter account. His response: ”I barely text, if you want to talk to a man...you call him”
Safe travels my dear!
We ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the ones that love us.
Man, I'm so sick I got ambulances pullin' me over & shit.
Can't wait
Short answer, yes. iPhone 4S w/ 5.1 or greater will show 4G. But it's not really 4G LTE. AT&T says that their HSPA+ matches 4G.
Join us at frogtownarts.com for our official launch party! 9/24 2900 Denby 90031..Stick around and check out some local arts
Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you've eaten!
Fasho bro we gone make it happen
on top of the victims where you raided a village?
Aaahhh...that felt so good...my only day off this week & I actually slept till 12:00!! Must have been really tired...feel much better now!
Of course not! I love the scope of the book & the way it moves between personal & global—it helped me finish my book.
If your one and only purpose in life is to continuously Tweet/RT Justin Bieber and/or One Direction, don't expect me to keep following you.
Goodnight Twitter....Lots Of Love <3
is following me omg :D
Yes I can c u staring at me through ur mirrors.
Just walking through Whole Foods makes me feel healthier.
Mark your calendars MKE is coming to town Nov. 30. You do not want to miss this show.
Funny! - #Springsteen asked New Orleans #jazzfest2012 to “please make room for us” on bill!
I'm doing some research around what ad agencies seek in recent college grads. Can you help?
i know, it's so silly. And they did not invent the concept of stories on the radio! Nor subway the sub sandwich.
did i win?
RT "Great sign on a church: "Honk if you love Jesus. Text while driving if you want to meet Him. ..."
My mom frequently confuses email protocol with SMS protocol and 1960s shorthand protocol. I always wind up confused after her emails.
It's 2:01am and I'm on Pinterest. Ohmygosh, this is turning into a problem.
gramatically, I think hyphenation is generally used for adjectives (tho I could be making that up), so either dep'g on use
"blended learning, mobility, and analytics, while taught separately, need to be considered a system." YES!
How in the world do you criminalize a miscarriage??? What foolishness is this?!
has improved any in Marvel? ;)
Big 2nd half for the Bears!!! Let's do this!
WE WERE SO CLOSE
woah!!! Sneak picture attack!!! I'll miss you greatly, Vanessa. I really will.
There's so much weird shit in this city and it can all be found driving from east to west LA down Santa monica blvd at 4 am
deleting all contacts thinking about getting a new number .
WOW! I'll have to check it out!
u know u care and am a factor, that's y u responded back to the comment
I'm so worn out from dance practice. Omg. It was intense, yet fun.
Second to last day of school! woop woop! :p
My grind never stops...not until I'm off this earth
are my tweets invisible to you ? :c
Bitch don't spam me again...as if anyone is really reading this.
are you playing tomorrow night? Might be in the neighborhood
lets all get up and dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born
Wishing all of you a Happy and joyful Thanksgiving!
RT : #lpco12 Humbled to receive special certificate of appreciation and recognition from and Howard Stevenson
Merry Christmas to the world!! Happy Birthday to my friend, Christy Claxton!!
a great mantra from Barbara Brennan: "I am safe. I am goodness." (In her amazing book, Light Emerging. Highly recommend!!!)
i feel so much better today
#RoyalRumble John Cena Is The Hulk Hogan of our age .....
Im sure 90% of your followers dont give a fuck on how much you love your mom today. Lol
There's no coffee in the kitchen...I guess Mt. Dew it is!
Thats the best any parent can do.
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 4
Tired..... Tuesday's are long days!!!
R.I.P Whitney !!
it's either that or "viruses"
Yes, you will, girl. Time heals all pain! :-) RT : never gonna get over it
thank you so much!
not such a good weekend :/
Thanks for the gift of your time and the book recommendation today, Sam. I really appreciate your friendship and mentoring!
hi Tea!
RT RT & first 10 win set of tix! Don't be the only clown not going downtown for the #HOTTEST #ChaChaNYE party is gonna be #EPIC!!!
Watermelon sounds very refreshing! And since it is National Watermelon Day it seems especially appropriate! Yumm!
People lik 2 define u, so they can confine u!
I missed the Danica Hornish event. Dang Kentucky Debry
Now tell me again why #SwampPeople is on the #HistoryChannel?
Go places you have not gone. Do things you have not done. Challenge yourself. Expand your mind.
Mil also cares about climate change - negative impacts increase demands
About to party with , josh, whitney, and 5 others lol
Thanks for the follow! Your blog is cool.
#poppinoff...best party on a Thursday night...period!!
ill help ya! You need to get on linkedin too....that's a great professional networking site.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.-Mark Twain
This day goes to eleven.
there is a story behind jake walk.
“: Loved the show on Tuesday!” Thanks!!!
‎"Happy times(Happy times) Happy nights(Happy nights) Happy days are here again."
Coffee, half and half milk, its cold as hell
We are in favor of tolerance, but it is a very difficult thing to tolerate the intolerant and impossible to tolerate the intoler
#IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever have a girlfriend that I can tell I love her and mean it?
publix cookies sounds too good right now
If you love me tweet me a number.
lol why thank you :) and I'm sorry for fighting with you the first time I talk to you haha ;)
My boyfriend is gonna buy me a microwave cause I'm too poor to buy my own. Yay!!!
Corgi spirit at least!!! What a cool little cow dog!
filming tomorrow! my first *paid* web series!!! Yay!
you'll be missed.
JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY
Interview.. Got the call saying I got the job before I pulled into my garage. Masters, opening day, rangers line-up
How can Daniel Bard pitch 5 innings against KC and not strikeout even 1 batter. Has he turned into Jaime Moyer?
I think its important to stand up for what you believe in and to speak your mind, especially as a women!
Thanks Hun!!! RT : oh yea that do was pretty fly, I kno u rockin it well
boo ! 👎 lol what are you doing ?
Thanks Jason! Sorry, this tweekdeck is not updateding my new mentions fast enough.
oh my goodness I know! How are you hun?
I don't care if you're a gangster, pull your pants up!
memories...if only i could remember them all!
Call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 to get additional discounts w/Directv. Thanks and enjoy!
My Last Fab song so dont hate
#FF if you want to someone to pretend they "no habla ingles"
Lets go Pack! Run that ball and that clock down!
! RT: Yes, I still work for NESN and I will be covering the #RedSox announcement tomorrow.
Hope everybody had a safe and enjoyable Independence Day. Did you cook up something tasty? Let us know...share a recipe if you want...
Watching #FindingBigfoot with Scott in our #GoneSquatchin shirts!
lol naw i wanna know now u already said it lol
Fear is just an illusion. Worst case scenario, you try & it doesn't work out. Well, try again with a different approach & things may change
always staring at the screen but just at least having the webcam going all the time
If someone is going to sit & not play, why worry about developing him? Instead, have a backup that is impossible to prep for
gets a shout out from JG. nice work Data Officer
Just finished dinner @ my grandparents, Grandma's food was delicious. She made homemade fish, fries, grandpa's famous mixed greens
®T : Love real ass people.
hey... How u doin
im bringing yalll gatorade thursday .(: cause i gotta by the ingridents.!(:
Choosing a favorite appetizer is like choosing which parent to live with...only tastier
LISTING TO FRIDAY BY BOB DYLAN
where are you?
rt with your blood and bless my family. Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow. Plz send this message to 20 people. I
I'm adding my vanilla to someones spice tho LOL
It's been really rainy here in Medellin lately. We are in Colombia's winter. It rained every day in April & May should be similar.
Me & share the same bday!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
You too. Need to follow #NYR fans
iPhone first, then..... Android?
I feel sorry for women who get a run in their stockings. Because they're wearing stockings.
Listening to me & myHomie song .... Don Trip x Like Me (:
RT if you think that ' voice is flawless.
Ditto , I can't pretend I'm not impressed with
#top10Lies No, there's nothing in your teeth.
uh both!! Good news is I can say that on twitter and no one will know!! 😊
I probably would not trade Gore for a 2nd round pick in a keeper league knowing RBs go fast in those leagues
being a weed head is so much better than bein an alcoholic
Getting ready, then off to my Orthodontist appt.
mexican & Puerto rican boys are nice & treat you good but they hella jealous .
Wow. Thanks for both the first article and the longer one it linked to - news to me. O.O
last monday...
the Pacers will beat the Heat
Quinlen has carved a gorgeous new walking stick today -- he's a marvel
thanks for sharing!
Just sang Happy Birthday to with &
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
Which school?
Uber excited to visit family in Florida at the end of this month. So far, 2012 is beating 2011!
COME ON ASSVILLE!!! FINISH STRONG!!!
First official paddling "race" of the season is January 7th. Stoked.
So yesterday I woke up with the Rolling Stones' Sympathy for the Devil stuck in my head, today Lady Gaga's Paparazzi...
GIVEAWAY CHALLENGE the winner will get FREE tickets to Tonights or Tomorrow Murder at the Mansion event. Reply.. Who Kill _ With _
at a hippy festival listening to breaks:)
come on how come you have live chats when i can't see
just take a deep breath. It will all be easier once you finish the first sentence!!
Thanks!! (an hour or so later. :) )
omg I'm still on the first!
