awesome! I'm glad you got them. Yeah the CDs do sound better. The size of the audio file on the cd is much bigger = better :-)
a good business venture/relationship is when both parties feel they have gained something positive from the relationship.
& my 900th tweet will be wasted on .... Cant wait to see you today 🍻
i find it almost impossible to believe that anyone could like Rush for even a second unless they were secretly Canadian.
PSA #03: Popsicle is one letter away from you know what! This PSA is brought to you by the Sunshine.
I would but idk any! Lpl
Up early , going running with Jess , Liv and Molly , then I have tumbling for 2 hours ,(:
Terrorist threat to UK includes a plane from India to crash into the country.
#DrakeCriesWhen He has to Shut It Down.
no I gonna help my sister
i heart Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. It worked wonders around my apartment!
May 7th 2007 – Israeli archaeologists discover the tomb of #HerodtheGreat south of Jerusalem.
No prob! Take your time. I wont be launching any new content until the beginning of January.
Favorite #Swedish word - Flodhast. Meaning - Hippo. Direct English translation - River Horse.
I'd like to talk with you about using one of your photos for a book cover.
Oh I had that very same horrible conversation.
Glad I stumbled onto #SMsportschat just in time for the #golf #Tiger question. Feel free to ask me about anytime.
"Shut up, Big-booty, you coward. You are the weakest individual I ever know!" ~ Lord John Whorfin
I would love to see more artistic/creative makeup - that's what I'm going to school for!
Office rumors. Hate them!
I think Dick Clark is going to get Heaven into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame! wow I can remember watching him on television 30 years ago!
Good Morning California!
Let me know how it is. I've been wondering.
WTF!! It started to pour this really suck!! No fun at all... God please stop the Rain for Me to witness
Did you see author's response to "critics" w/ more asinine comments? I'm not posting b/c needs less hits for trolls.
somebody's fucking with me, so now I'm just deleting people I know instead of people I don't. That'll show 'em
Happy Saturday on our way to see JK in Detroit, WOOT WOOT! : )
Roasted veggies and greecian chicken... Im so winning right now... Light and filling on this warm spring/summer evening all smiles this way
Popz Jus Laced Me Wita Video Camera He Finally Realized Hiz Oldest Son Got Talent. A Time 4 Dat 1st Video.
yep! And chocolates. She's good like that.
I'm caught up in my fears and it's tearing me down...
Hey Abby my sister How are you Doing tonight?
Sales conference continues with our distro clients. has a new Ferlinghetti.
Ignorant bitches -__- <<<<<<
are you watching First Take?
so sleepy at work...good thing there are no clients to see today
happy birthday!
Yes of course we're still in DFW :) wait so you got us a show at trees??? lol
I'm liking my prediction I made before the playoffs began: Indiana upsetting Miami in the 2nd round.
lmao what if its as small as him that would suck
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. ~Leo Aikman
I just read this- 'Repetition is the only form of permanence that nature can achieve'
I'm glad you loved the service. What could we do to improve the food?
Lmao pass me the name of that song
Girl walking in the hallway, others like " bitch you aint SHIT " -
Just shoot me an email: purplepantsgreenjersey [at] gmail [dot] com
"Not a zero sum game - We are not asking this country to focus on #YMOC at the expense of girls." Victor Saenz, UT Austin
omfg its cold!
Romney cannot be President when he gets so tied in knots when confronted with surprises. Presidency requires quick thinking & good judgment
Choir got out early, siting outside CFA just enjoying the day and drinking tea..... A definite win
Thats a great way for the people inland to learn more and hone their skills before they get out here and surf
One more day until the holiday weekend! Make your Friday go by faster by coming to Coop's for lunch!
Shania, sorry about the fall... I still think you're hot.
Billy Crystal is hosting the Oscars!!!
It's not too late. And thanks for reminding me!
The Long Holidays will be at tonight. Show starts at 8:00. 8$. 21+. 5$ PINTS!
how about we just stop the whole "YOLO" thing. mmk.
Thanks again Chris!! You are helping so much!
“If someone wants you in their life, they'll make room for you. You shouldn't have to fight for a spot." #TheSW” see, told you!!
im still picking Smoke
Very good idea. Checked, updated, fixed.
o.... forever alone
that would be riveting.
#FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
first tweet in months. Can't wait to see you
Memorial Day weekend! I'll bring the diamonds, roses and champagne! Lol!
I wanna see a mini cooper police car full of midget cops
#FF it's to early for that shit! I got it in the am
how're you??
“: Joey doesn't have a hair brush so I'm using a fork. #Yolo.” not #YOLO just
yeah well im gonna knock em out with black nikes on my feet, and imma smile when I do
Thank you for the mention!
In the works, it takes a village to help in working with transformation.
Hate to do this but time to move on . . .
McDonalds sounds real good right now
Just wanted to say Good Job on FREE. It's getting spins from me on KYTE FM!
If it's not who you REALLY want, you'll always feel lonely.
What is. Good side
I make time for good people and loyal friends. I don't make or save time for people that aren't going to be as loyal as me.
on the road to riches watch out for the hoes and bitches
Don't make me come over there RT I suddenly have Beiber fever..
Nfl weekend and the steelers are out this sucks
Thank you!!!
i suppose, though by that logic cooking, music, and sports are also experience design, along with pretty much everything else.
Coyotes Win ; Diamondbacks beat Phillies; Going to Chase Field Wednesday! Vs Phillies !
Its FRIDAY 😃
remember when nobody gave a F about the stock market? time to get back to that, let the financers starve.. oh they wont they got 100 mil.
Headed someplace warm for spring break or just day dreaming about the beach? Either way, we're having an H20 sale! All water sports...
Happy Thanksgiving! Listening to Dean Martin sing Winter Wonderland
Please send all collabs to lets work
What are you doing today?
Thank You ... go Reds ... can't wait for new casino to open downtown
awww, that's cute that you believe that lol!
everytime I see vids or tweets I think of Gotta Have It by Kanye..
Totally in the mood for some old school
Nice at-bat, Corey. Why would pitchers throw him anything other than breaking balls?
tell him Hi for me!
Did you mean you'll send me something by 10 a.m. PST or that we should talk at that time? Either way is fine. just lemme know
Aw, crap--you were at the LARB thing last night? I missed the chance to make awkward small talk.
There is nothing evil about profits, government failing to improve all it's citizens lives is. Profit is an indicator of societies success.
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today.
#idothat2 :-) RT : “: Ever had too much caffeine and yet not enough? #irony #java” - daily.
I'm feeling good with a comeback in twitter after not being on 3 years, cedus la pedus
.. Even Helen Keller doesn't like the acoustics at the Main Street Armory
That AWESOME moment when you pause what you're watching & can laugh. Example: Mr. Chopra was paused making a chopping motion with his hands.
Our democracy has been hacked. It no longer works to serve the best interests of the people in this country. ~
God is bringing me out of dis.
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town. Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
austin mahone yeah , yeah :)
Lost Dog - Chihuahua light brown with a white chest and white paws Sherman Oaks, CA. Call 818-906-0638
so weird, i NEVER use myspace for anything anymore
a simple Cuisinart citrus juicer.
So So So So Tired . . . Goodnight Tweethearts. <3
Totally agree! The bigger the risk, the greater the reward - at least that's what I strive to believe in!
have a "sweet" time :)
Finally going to see the Avengers tonight. Goddamn.
Liz Phair Tomorrow!
Five Most Common Hiking Dangers on the Trail
I love my fraaaaands
Do you know anyone represented by Matt or Ethan and Greene and Associates? <3
gotta babysit for a while dont want to
no prob BRO ;)
I was surprised!RT : Had no idea Maine was such an early victim to the temperance movement
I know many of you will miss our key lime pie, so here's the recipe: 1/2c key lime juice, 3 egg yolks, 1-12oz sweetened condensed milk.
Super sore from riding yesterday!
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. Paul Fix
Research: when you don't know what you're looking for but will recognize it when you find it.
did someone say DD?
I miss our daily tweets to each other!
Thanks for the info. Keep up the great work. I'll definitely check your blog/website some more. Merry Christmas!
we see you... let us know if there's anything you need from us-
Chris whatshisface from Coldplay seems like such a massive tool
So long ottawa. See you nxt game.
Just arrived in NC. About to get a sound check going.
TIM what are the results of the games at UNO so far
marry me? and come to portland oregon? <3
another day, another dolla!!! THANKS GOD I GOTTA HOLLA!!!
#penguins absolutely gave that series away. Most talented choke I've ever seen, starting with a goalie who was historically sieve-like
not raising the debt ceiling & preserving Bush tax cuts, are the Repubs trying to put us in a depression?
RT : Incredible Pizza!
Phi-fi-fo-fumble! When are you going HOME already!? Im getting bored with your chemical imbalance
but I am so bored /:
yum! The Bedford is my favorite brunch. I hope you're enjoying the bottomless mimosas.
Blargh. I need someone to play mw3 with. >>
thanks for the shares guys! happy tuesday
hey! i motor boat titties too! ;) rt ": My lady baws JayYF_ cheats on her bf with me ;) she motor boats my titties
Kobe is fatigued
i know what trend are :) i didnt know that was the abrev.
don't suck tonight! 
you gave them a dollar they gave you a boner?
No, the wedding itself is on 6/9. We're just getting together with some local friends today. :)
Who dat! Two Dat! Send them Fourty Whiners home with a BIG L!
Q: Do you eat roe? A: I like to stay as far away from a lady crab's eggs as possible, if you get my meaning.
I must admit that and I do know how to have fun
you mean besides hilarious videos?
Getting out of Pittsburgh tonight..
Such is the life we've...chosen?
Oh, and HubSpot may need to think about getting a few more comfortable couches
Morning is bad. Maybe I should wait until afternoon to get out of bed?
never stop living up to your title. It's impossible anyway, but as usual you made this PPV worth it.
hey love your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS i cant get it out my head
well I've beenn sick for 4 days now
Do your marketing communications have a clear, consistent message? They should if you want your customer to get your message.
I live in Miami, am a new Yorker and jersey girl who travels a lot to Paris.
: MAKE SURE Y'ALL GO REQUEST "480 bizness" BY ON 101.5
full day... mental workout... #welcome back to
Dont let yourself be put in somebody else's box. Keep moving, growing, and this will demand that we develop new skill sets #Lyte paraphrase
Thanks for all the great articles and advice! We enjoy following you
Hahahahahaha!! #truth RT : you look like a child are you surprised?
Failure is not about insecurity, or bad luck. It's about lack of proper execution. -
yeah that would be good for ya, I'm not looking forward to the heat :(
Someone should tell Sally that #Community is moving to Fridays. That oughta do it.
or he read mass communications for dummies
Upset so I'm baking. Hopefully they will be good!
even if Mexico made a good beer i still wouldn't buy any.. happy cinco de mayo
I got me some Takís❤
Opponents are throwing everything they can at Romney this week. Now McCains opposition research book from 08 surfaces? Wow.
going late to school >>>
Movies and writing.rhymes till i crash
don't throw out your ex's shit while Bon Iver's on your iTunes, you will shed a tear or twelve
Do you excessive sleepiness? What is that - falling asleep watching tv, at stoplights, etc.
#Angels what sucks is its been the same problem for years.
created this new genre of dance music called #tala its nuts you should check it out.
When things seemingly fall apart ; it's God preset order to show out in our lives!
Happy Sunday twitter people! please RT me and like me on fbook! facebook.com/justjawaan THANKS! i still wanna be on
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
but some people aren't visual learners! :-) Text is much better for me than photos.
A sack, fumble, and return for a TD would make for a nice hat trick for the D
Only 4. But maybe the #Orioles should take up this philosophy. Starting 4 pitchers at once is bound to get you a good performance.
baby must've been hanging out with zayn :) haha
hey dude sup
Does anyone have a handle on how much Eurozone liquidity has found its way to our stock market the last few months pushing indexes higher
lol. I just woke up my hubby. Had those same thoughts.
Officially Landed!! #NYC ✈🗽
Some people in the office ordered out for lunch and "forgot" to ask me if I wanted anything. Again.
#ElClasico It is on!
Matt Nathanson warning up...peeked in!
Sorry Pollard..No INT..Instead a first down for NE..
cant believe im stopping in gainsville to get something to eat
Had tha music on full blast, nd didnt even realize there was someone at tha door, who knows how long they were there lol
A very Happy Mother's Day to you, Janna!
Had two lunches today.
I've been good. How bout u?
the more the merrier! You'll even get an interview out of the deal:)
whoa. Lol. Poor guy. :P I didn't know you guys knew each other that long.
Monk's!
Did Pau Gasol's girlfriend break up with him again?
It went great and it was fun having it locally.
Good luck on your #Xfactor audition!!!
Sucks to be you bro >_<
goodnight again friends follow also Godbless
Man need a new textin buddy :-(
Me and are going chinchilla hunting in South America!!!
"he didn't seem like the type that would explode"
Hey! Yes we do. :) We have 2 new songs so far!
when I say " your a Z hole" you say " you have a Z hole" kk hah
Love that commercial RT : Um did anyone else jut get an ad for "FarmersOnly.com" ??????!!
Are you a fan of Trueblood or Twilight? Come dressed in your Vampire or Werewolf costume during this week's Party Pit April 26 from 6pm-2am!
R.I.P Earl Scruggs. No finer picker of that 4-stringed instrument from Mother Africa!
#BallerStatus. No one we are so compatible!
WE HAD A CONNECTION AND SHIT.. BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU A LIAR!
I believe that Petit Manseng is one of the state's signature whites, but may be wrong. Viognier is the other.
#ThingsMyExSaid I love you #ThingsISaid I think we should break up...
Interview with Imam Osama Hasan today at the Victoria Islamic Center to talk about Foot Hood and Alavi Foundation.
Can't wait to Watch!
North dekalb mall movie theatre. Striving for mediocrity.
"America's so great!", "there's all this glory!" America's dreaming another bedtime story for you and me. They will only limit your mind.
I like your tweet.
I AM giving away your $200 GC to at #WarmBellies Twitter party 2night! 7 pm ET Can't wait!
“We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. " #quote Winston Churchill - Happy Mother's Day
If Internet Suddenly Breaks Down What to do?
parents make no since I swear!
"Im not trying to pressure you just can't stop thinking about you, you aint even really gotta be my girlfriend."
Day 1, am I already fried. ☀ yolo ✌
hey sis r u on
Changing out the front bearings this morning
just wanted to say something...um(: this is pretty hard to say but your hot
i feel like your creepin everyones tweets :) am i right or what?
I dunno! Ha just am
seems like I am bitchin' alot tonight! should be stitchin! y tu???
i swear last nite was not the nite and i will never do that shit again
I really love that record.
- Nothing , Just Going Over My Friend House. Aye .
I think that's in Portland, not Seattle. Wish it were everywhere.
its going down @ Nectar Lounge in Harlem 2night, 121st and Frederick Douglas -9pm-the plan is to make a memorable Sat night for all involved
One simple way to prevent rental fraud: Acquire your rental real estate leads from an established
We will be recording a special acoustic version of "Last Story" and maybe “Disappear” Saturday.
My daughter, who I haven't heard sing since her grade school talent shows, is auditioning for AI on Friday. Hope we see :)
the Commodore has been gassy lately.
Feed your brain with McLane
YKI! “: goo chiefs www”
I Would Be A GREAT Big Sister!
Chris was a cuttee baby
im pissed my pc is too slow for d3!
lmao! Mayb cause they thirsty for that seamen. Ya knw she ain't gunna eat that ddick unless she a crazy ass hoe
Haven't even looked at the SB yet, but I know NE has a good (+105) price at -3 at some places.
I was talking about you.. Oh
miss you! It's hard not to talk to the iPad. #awkward #famous barista
: as it turns out... I likey the beer
Happy Birthday!
": Those who stay will be champions!" It's all about the money for some!
Thank you Culture Shock for bringing music and dance to the work
Fruit snacks and NyQuil ..
RT if you have a imstagram,facebook keek,youtube and of course twitter!!!!!!! of course i have all them LIKE A BOSS(:
An empty stomach may be the most powerful prayer posture in Scripture. - Mark Batterson "The Circle Maker"
Kalyn Kamps with seven strikeouts through three innings as Belmont leads 1-0 entering the fourth.
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
Damn there were too many people performing and speaking tonight
He is moving there soon don't worry lol RT #NowListening If I Ever Fall in Love - Shai ... #Throwback #LoveIt #WheresMyBoo?!
yup u ain't bout this life lol
LET's GO STEELERS!!! We need a WIN!!
#herworld Jennie, gr8 to have u there. Ur attendance helped encourage others. thanks!
hahahaha Too funny.
Plenty of witnesses say he did it. But it's ancient history. I hold these guys accountable for stuff after they turn 18.
Snapbacks and tattoos.
good for you Jeanne. You're well on your way hun. xo
": YearBook Is the best class, I NEVER do anything in here haha" Boy That's All My Classes
Loving right now. So excited to see and this Saturday!
Just had a really successful demo!
Long Island was awesome last night! Philly today at UACA hall 10 bucks 7 awesome bands be there!
RT : "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing....
follow me i will follow back and give shouts outs
... I see what you did there.
it will be around may for my birthday
This has been the longest week of my life!
I feel like one day....ima get soo tired of him doing this & just....say goodbye..../:
Should be a very entertaining series. What a wonderful year for basketball!!!
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand.
CHECC OUT NEW VIDEO...REMIX 2 DRAKE'S "MOTTO"--TRAYVON MARTIN TRIBUTE! NOW ON YOUTUBE....................ONE SHOT "TRAYVON MARTIN!
still. Come, come
Out of church, about to get it in at Jackson's.
Ilove you too<3(: we née to bring them old days back(:
Headache. I need a bubblebath.
Ugh my phone is pissin me off
#myweekwithmarilyn Monroe: " I am the sights"- Ugh.
I can't WAIT to see the play!
Did u see that!!!!
think that's doable, at maybe 1 pm? will confirm
What matters more to you: winning #DWTS or wearing a #Packers uniform in 2012 season?
i'm surprised you were not on here earlier, gina. (if #2amt were Ninja Turtles, Bedard would be Michalanglo)
When your mom gets mad at you for your new VS underwear. -__-
Doesn't seem to work well on my iphone. RT : If you guys have more feedback on , I want it.
2 PEOPLE SAME HOUSE AND NOBODYS TALKING
I confess i have a gambling problem now they put a casino within five mins walking distance from me lol ... Oh thou the temptations lol
we have a bunch of members going to see you there I hope!
And since the Ivy won't participate in postseason play, the Pioneer winner would get a walkover. Sorry Pasadena.
😊😊 I so funnnyyy
always. And barging into my room. Like I don't sleep with clothes on nigga chill. Lol
Cannes est toujours belle. ;)
best mommy in the world
EXACTLY!": let #trayvonmartin's parents speak please!!!! attorneys and ministers bogarting the press conference. #cnn"
fight me.
C&P's database to constanly updated, so results never exactly match current VA files or publications
Wish there was a "like" button on Twitter!
So young, so full of life and vibrant side by side wherever you was riding I went.
Cmon Milwaukee let.the sunshine!
It seems so old, but hard work & dedication is still the key..
*Just in Case* you ever need an attorney, Top Tier is the only trusted source for an attorney for your legal needs! HAVE A GREAT THURSDAY!!
yah that's a rough commute! ;)
LMAO. Early Xmas present.
I know. I met her a year ago and had a blast with her :-( life is too short.
Hey Sacramento! I'll be doing Halloween pet photos at Incredible Pets today starting at 1:00. 4005 Manzanita Ave, Carmichael, CA.
Hi Danny
Building an igloo around my desk in honor of the building's ridiculously powerful AC and my co-workers' need to work in arctic temperatures.
New video = AMAZING SHIT!!!!
My theory is if you play that then the POTUS comes on TV & say's we're going to war, enlistments would skyrocket!
Wish I would have known it existed....
Understand that libraries are something of sharing information and knowledge
Turned the TV on at the perfect time.
What's the point of the NFL appeal process: you're appealing to the same commissioner who made the original decision?
the sponsor package said 4 years.
For the next 6 days my life is stress. Infinite stress. As much stress as my poor brain can handle. STRESS.
EVERYBODY give me the most #randomsongs you can think of from the year 2003 and back.....GO!
The only unbearable thing is that nothing is unbearable.
My favorite albums of 2011 are take care & Under the mistletoe
Been writing some awesome songs lately! Who wants to hear some new music?!?!? (:
... Yea, Heat fans usually don't care too much about losing, since they still have 7 titles coming thier way in the near future.
: Thank you! Happy Friday!
I am reminded of that about every 5 minutes!
that's an interesting thought!
discarding cassette tapes. bliss.
do you have a happy hour in your Alexandria location? If so, from when to when?
Well, I'm sure there will be much more wine throwing at my shoot than with , so you'll be missing out :-P
hey i never got an email, should i have gotten it by now??
the editor is pumped up about our next pick .!!! get ready traders our PREPUMP alert is coming soon!!!!
The refusal to admit change in our lives is a major obstacle to transformation. We cling tenaciously to our habitual ways of doing things.
cocktails and cooking.
It's about that time. What are you doing for lunch #Denver? !
I forgot everything ..but thank you :) & I sometimes I wanna take their yoga pants & tie it around their mouth ..
Omg. WE NEED TO SKYPE.
RT : Mythbusters did an episode on this, they found that a ducks quack does in fact have a slight echo
Just watched #Rio "you gotta be like a crazy love hawk ahwook" hehe :P
howmany times have u been to a game and seen espns top#1play...#its worth every $$$mtm$$$more210$$$satx$$$
Weighing pros/cons on how to create new book lists. So far only 1 pro for #Library Thing - name recognition. Worldcat Lists is kicking ass!
Google Adwords. Used to Spent $3k per day. Now I'm lucky to spend $300 - Take my money Please!
Start WLC (Warrior Leaders Course) tomorrow! 2 1/2 weeks of the US Army's elite beginning leadership school at Fort Bliss.
The beauty of a girl cannot be mimicked, fabricated, or created by human means, it only occurs naturally. ~ Pam Callaghan
It's finally opening day for the ! Who's going to the game?
Thanks Paul! Great Wednesday to you my friend and thanks for being so supportive to a creepy guy :)
Hey was he at the Renaissance hotel?
is glowing with gratitude.
U gotta have candy corn teeth to wear that says Michael Kors!
Like Wise Greg.
if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian "i speak russian" love when you flirt with them in it...
i would say 23
Genuses? Really? Brother Gavin, my 4th Year Latin teacher, just blew a gasket.
Dependability is the product of accountability.
Matt Flynn the next Skins QB?
Dope, just dope.....
I've got a year until graduation and I'm trying to figure out what to do to make that year matter.
LARA FABIAN - I Am Who I Am: via
Sometimes I wish I could go back to freshman year. Not because I have regrets, but because I'm not ready for this part of my life to be over
Jake is a liar.
have a fabulous time:)
I'll throw it up on the site. Cant wait to hear and review it.
Idk Why I Be Having Guns Knowing Ian Shoot Jail Ain't For Me I LOVE My Freedom Nd Tha Pussy Too
#BeThere for a kid! Buy a bowling pin for $1 at Jack in the Box - ALL proceeds go to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Eastern Missouri!
MISTLETOE amazing !
April 12th Twitter Thursdays begin inside of Endless Music!
Last night's "The Magic Flute" was the perfect opera for the kids.
Emmanuel Hudson Yo man you should make a song called Ratcheet Girl Smell Or Rathceet Girl Stank
Also enjoyed meeting Olive Technolgy's Jon Hirst. They are doing some great things in India, Indonesia and Colorado Springs.
The U.S. too pays inflated prices for pharmaceuticals. Why are we accepting this system? Where is the demand for transparency?
Soon after publishing his first website, he started to gain some traction from businesses in need of his services
They found a crematorium and asked the prisoners where they were. The men responded that it was a camp called Dachau.
#hassynyc Shot my challenge 8 today. Look fir it son.....
Vita Coco is clearly the most superior of all coconut waters. Except the one that actually comes right out of the coconut.
What was the BeeGees video we did? Which song was i flying through the air on ? Thinking of Robin Gibb right now.
Bynum is a 7year vet. Age aside, he has reached his ceiling...the lakers should have traded him when his value was super high 2 yr ago
Bored rn... Anyone wanna text?
lol i think you forgot to mention the person who gave you a shoutout
Ha! A stylish #EtherGeek swim-team back-stroking on the ether :-)
Maybe I should just get a wig and nicki minaj it this weekend ...
off to #cardiobarre.... feeling the burn already!
Thanks, you rock! I'll be sure to use the form next time, sorry about that!
I keep forgetting that today is Friday :p
Lookin' good Bryan! Look forward to checking it out.
are you still online? please say you are!!
Ran with reindeers today, literally... it's an Alaska thing :)... I was trying to ride one.. but the snow was too mushy... got kicked :( lol
I think I have an unhealthy crush on Captain America
#twittertools SocialWhoIs: This website is a proof of concept that a better Social Media can exist; a social media based on interests and “p
I know your thoughts . Oh you bout it bout it ?
Mom: I need to take all my drugs. Brother: I'm right behind you, mom.
Maybe I could use one when I'm up on the top of my ladder cleaning windows!
: took scads of video; will let you know if/when any gets posted.
Always a pleasure to listen to you.
Chicago is sold out -_-
how was the show?
Big week wrapping up interviews on young adult unemployment w/super crew
The sixth of Steven Saylor's The Seven Wonders stories is out now in the May Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine. It's set at Olympia.
Kevin Sizemore rocks on
and that's why you'll either change your pants or not have breakfast.
Time for the perculator
This social media pres looks great. knows his audience: cute kittens and adorable children in the slidedeck
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
You got that too? I did too this morning! Apparently, the spammers got ahold of the Seattle startups list somehow.
Does anyone know if we actually have to use a meal for midnight breakfast tonight?
time o kick some ass in yahtzee :)
Happy 5th of July!
But I'm Fasho about to tear them greens up later...
absolutely nothing to do at downtown
I'll take the cow.
Is there in-n-out in Mariposa?
i will . tomorrow morning .
heck yea!!!
Audience question for & : how do you engage younger artists to get involved in the study & preservation of
Dallas TX. 48 years ago today. The memories are still vivid for me.
(and a cheeseball, but I can't help it)
Uhh..it already went by. lol.
I need updates on UW-Whitewater title game!
now that's funny!!
But who do you twitter-follow vs who's in your g+ circles? Surely there's a difference, especially at this point in g+'s life.
Oh we swear, all right!
Earl's not gonna be the same anymore.
it's not as though cell phones erased the heartaches of break-ups, eg.
lmao guess when we get called out we stop following people!!!
just to add my thought, it's one of my favorite songs because simply of the message
Good morning #Boston friends!! Hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday :)
Wonder how the employment problem will change the way we think about labor issues like pay, type of work & different classes of labor
Where is Pepsi getting all their market research from? WHO IS DEMANDING ALL THESE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF PEPSI?!
Infantino Balance Baby Carrier, Spindles, 8-35 Pounds | Infant Sling
according to 3rd party sources (my kids) I have been told it was excellent. Eventually they will stop eating & I will get my turn
Petroski's great achievement is "science for non-scientists". Not sure I buy that concept either.
Im scared for you is gonna get ya lol....Im just gonna keep sending these tweets lol
figuring that out today. Just finished reading F&H an hour ago. Will let everyone know tonight!
Back this weekend, started feeling a little too West Coast. Did you have fun playing superstar at the mall?
shut it ! I don't knw how to put one up lol ! I just accidentally learned to reply lol
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
6:30 pm today the Cute Is What We Aim For interview will be posted. I unfortunately did not catch up with TBL, but will do so son!
How there are people in the world that hate tomatoes, I will never understand.
Nap time doee 😊
I fucking love you man!
is ready to strangle these creative teams on THE PITCH. So am I. We've had 10 killer ideas already. Them? 0
good luck today u got fans in Omaha rooting for a 2nd Green Jacket at
Down here at the legendary Tootsies! Check out 103 FM or www.103wkdf.com.
My son is having a bachelor party on Saturday &I am scaring him, by promising to bring strippers. He knows I won't but he is still worried
#AGT the freak show is back
Just realized I won't see my Parkers tonight. Boo Oh well more time with
Finally off of work! 430, I thought u might never show up!
I like 8tracks because you can upload your own and create your own playlists.
At San Diego City Council hearing supporting next step for San Diego Convention Center Expansion project. An important boost for our economy
get out while you can
RT You know who can't say he's "evolving"? Romney.
My wife & I were unable to attend the Northside 5K due to emergency. Can we still get our shirts somehow?
saw this one!
Pizza of the Week: Hawaiian Luau - Canadian bacon & pineapple with mozzarella.
Where the Hell you been? Shoot me your instagram if you have one
It it aint worth the money, it damn sho aint worth the time!
Thank you for the tweet. Honestly, this is a great opportunity for students. Under Armour treats interns very well.
What a great game between LA and VAN. End to end all night, excellent goaltending. Helluva lot of fun to watch.
heyy i saw ur comment...thank u :)) i worked VERY hard on it!
heard you on KPRI (San Diego) tonight. Getting lots of airplay = great.
Hey waz up
I'm still cold !
he probablly likes you no boy says that to a girl for nothing (':
Won't argue Artest wanted space/was going to move Harden, but I keep watching and don't think the elbow to head was intentional
What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love
Interesting CB pick by the #Packers. Still not sure what they have in House given injury last year.
thanks for the awesome video. I loved the music :)
I love my mom
please follow me? :D heheheh i love you
Truth be told I miss you.. Truth be told i'm lying
though I'm obsessed with Iceland, I'd stick to calling you David. My Icey language skills are a bit crap.
#Avengers Major fangirl moment. So good!
Mari!! Como estas?
Spicy buffalo wheat thins >
We hope you enjoyed your brunch today! Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
about to get a shower, missing ashly so much. seeing her tomorrow yay. and she bought me new axe. WOO HOO!!!
immediate block
Whoops I broke the entire museum. SORRY GUYS.
We're huge fans of your site. Found you on the internet and now we can't stop reading: excellent posts on design and architecture!
check out article on the nba lockout, www.weeklylineup.net,
Make yourself necessary to somebody. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you! Some day maybe, all my dreams'll be repaid...
woo hoo! psyched.
Is our mail down?
Only Nba Scouts would pack a UK vs UNC go CATS!!!!
(: sounds like a plan! What year?
keeping yall in my prayers. Hang in there.
Good brings better, better brings the best... It's not always happen but it can happend if we do it.
Thx for the mention, Holly. Susan
Always happy to help grow the community!
Good morning everyone :)
my students won't stop giving me candy!!!!
I have Samsung glaxay 1 , I like the customization of android but the fragmentation is concerning
Did I?
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good. Marquis De Vauvenargues
Finally made it home! Now sleep.
Almost to Nahville with We have 7 more exits to go
Kansas State and Mizzou fans
do you bond with will a lot?
.....a natural tendency is to want to be understood rather than understand.....(listen to me!!!!!).....
absolutely. #running community on twitter is the best!
feels like it's been forever since I worked...tomorrow morning.
Excited to share HERB with a group of pre-service social studies teachers at NYU this afternoon!
RT": Guys shud save kissing them lips below the waist for special women only"
It's totally a delivery day! Oh, wait, almost every day is for me lately:-)
That's the name of my email file for you!
not patronizing sorry I've been super busy next few years potential major life changes
Follow follow follow, please! ( :
Thoughts and prayers to Judy this afternoon! Get well soon!
RT : i might give the celtics Royce White instead of Doron lamb. I love the c's getting henson though
Where you still interested in being featured in my magazine?
The Hip Hop Generation by Bakari Kitwana is a real good book.
I do lol
The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you. Isaac Asimov
Ah...the encyclopedic MS knowledge comes thru. Thx! RT : you see it in Lacryma
Why yes, in fact I DO LOVE sunny warm weather
Thats the 2nd person today that told me i look like a school girl. :)
Bring back your cover of "Black" by We'd go apeshit!
I love Austin for being him he doesn't have to change for anyone. He's perfect in my eyes.
I am curious as to how folks define social media beyond Twitter/Facebook. E-newsletters? Wikipedia? Blogs?
Any questions or comments about our services...? Feel free to email me at ! www.MyBizXchange.com
Hey, not yet, have to bring a copy. It was inspiring to see how so much support for Oakland today.
When did nicki start doing pop music
“: Will do! Can't wait!! #Shots RT : happy to see u again tonight :) come to say hello!”
We're on the island now, too. We'll give as much news as we can.
haha, thanks, Rei! I can't believe it's Monday :/ and I can't believe it's almost March, too!
Kristen Ghodsee joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow to talk about her book "Lost in Transition". Noon to 1:00pm in the Rines.
My wife got hit on by a door-to-door salesman today. Feel free to ask her about it!
Yea its crazy! Apparently my dad had a crush on your mom "back in the day"
sure, why not? [and] throw your Dodger loving picture up there. ;-) j/k any friend of baseball is a friend of mine.
I LAVE YOU BABY ♥ Don't ever forget that I hope you're feeling better!
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things -Peter Drucker
Master Chief wouldn't make it on Helgast though.
This game is going to give my ass a heart attack lol
#DYK Beef cattle production is the single largest segment of American agriculture
#MUNI pretty much ruins my day. Everyday. The system needs to encourage people to move in and not congregate at the doors!
Your perfect.<3
said we should hang out, but has yet to txt me!
I like just about everything. Indian and Chinese are my favs- glad Great Dane and Jac's have GF menus though
Sounds incredible! I am mapping out my Wellness Week shortly, I will have to stop by for one of the specials :)
now i have a fever...
•...increases the value simply because everything else made by man decays over the years and decades.
New! 0-calorie chocolate that tastes as good as the real thing! ...No, of course not. But I'll bet YOU lied about the Easter Bunny yesterday
Dont give a F who the #Knicks play
My 1st #NBA game? It might have to be a courtside event. Love
I like both. RT : Q2b -Do new staffers want socializing with coworkers, supervisors or both?
"Kindness is more important than Wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of Wisdom." ~Theodore Isaac Rubin
RT : San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music
I must have just missed you two. I just left the pool... There were too many drunk teens there for me.
Time to work on this speech for history #blah 😒
Psalm 16:8 thoughts and prayers with our precious family....
Concert tonight with mom at church!! YES!!:)
Honestly, I could live at Cinnabon, no matter the rest stop.
ya no soporto a felipe i a rodrigo (artan)
Big announcement?
word!! You willing 2 compete?
Ok, 3rd cup of coffee #ladygaga in my head OKC is still in bed!
Late at night, when I can't sleep..I think about you and me and what we used to be.
top 2 scorers in 1 game?
Laying in bes listening to love songs, thinking about you...god I miss you :(
Words to live by: "Karma's only a bitch if you are."
:) when u smile it makes everything so much better:)
I hope everyone has a great Easter!
Agreed. I try to cancel at least 2 per week.
declare sacred time a yourself and others
should be expecting an appointment from me soon :D
and I know she doesn't buy new things because she is saving to take us on vacation please help my mommy please <3 love kaylin
so someone shut off my computer. It's at 17% but it's not going. I'll start it when I leave.
Thanks #ASTD for hosting the #TK11 conference. I can't wait to start incorporating some great tips I learned into my e-Learning!
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
lol don't even need to use words anymore all emojis
"Everyone smiles in the same language." - Author Unknown
what? A self imposed suspension?
It's never good when someone is taking pictures of the huge storm clouds coming your way!
WHO HAS A TWITTER ACCOUNT??? Follow us
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
I had to give my goldfish away today. I'll miss you Pablo the fish.
Oh yea. You gon feel that shit.
Traffic in Newberg, really?!
#RatchetChicSuperPowers being able to tell you what kind of car he drives just by looking at him
Love MOVIES w/ LADY BOSSES!! #Columbiana# #HayWire#
Excited to get down to N.O. for the final four. Going to be fun learning from the best in the business and catching up with other coaches.
YES #a2z is hiring in 2012! Check us out at a2z.com/oc
my phone died..hold up a sec and i'll call you back
"The best investor is your customer."
pretty color! =)
Please please don't say "inevidently" and then wonder why you can't find a date.
Say hi to the WINNING #Rangers for me. :)
Google Chrome is the best. I can block ads! Makes my internet experience so much better....and faster, too.
Wade bounced off BDiddy like he ran into a fat Mac truck.
Where's Obama when you need him? There's a f-ing fly that's been terrorizing me in the office since this morning.
Higher off the ground.
See you tonight at 8pm at Frenetic Theater for more OUR HOUSE! #Black Lab Theatre
to many tests to much studying.. My brain is like 💩 and all I can say is 🎉🍰🚲🐯⚡🎄
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow - Chinese proverb
Listen to lyfe jennings while workin got me feelin bless
Now at Hybrid Mobile Apps #sxsw #nativeweb but really want to got the Top Chef panel... maybe...
Im so good at procrastinating to not work out -____________- .... enoughs enough..... Running now #sendlove haha
it really isn't worth it
thanks for joining #THATCamp Bay Area as a supporting sponsor!
hum of city vs. house. pros and cons.
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Youth Kids Black T-shirt Tee Shirt
Nice updates Dan!
Thank You for such kind words. So glad to be connected with you. Looking forward to reading your book.
Happy Birthday :D
Dissertation. It will be a fun battle!
Real People. Real Cash Back. Congrats Judith H. of Arvada, CO. She earned $181 cash back on a recent purchase at Lifetime Windows & Siding!
I'm getting into basketball games and the spirit because of my boyfriend lol
I take back my statement of "Stellar Day." I forgot the universe has a Manos clause wherein if I say it outloud, it takes away.
Yall boyz stay on the grind make the next big star
THIS WEEKEND WILL BE EPIC!!!!
ok, now you may be right. The fur collar is very Clyde.
Every day u get stronger,u fear the future less.Hard times serve to inspire u and can be what propels u to happiness and success later
That was a quiet move, did anyone see Brewers picked up Takahashi Saito? One of the better relief pitchers in the game
You're the awesome one!
hahaha.. im a jordan girl more a knight ryder... love me the brothers
Santé! RT beer for the Superbowl? nah, was all about martini of St Germain, Vodka& fresh meyer lemon juice.
I love you ! Great show!
If someone doesn't pray, they probably don't have a church. Aha.
Why the hell would she pick an Adele song? Too many Adele songs! 3 sang Adele last night. like wtf. but I like this rock twist!
Have an awesome workout x
Thanks for the RTs!
Don't worry, be happy. ✌
Thanks! It's a RPS original :)
A heartfelt thanks to all who took part in our Launch Party yesterday. It's good to be part of such a dynamic, supportive community.
hahaha it is :(
AAVG lots of chatter tonight on upcoming weeks... Strong close all week holding above 50DMA
“: glad to see ya back on the news! Right in the onions! Classic!” -- thanks Brandon. I really felt bad for the ump :)
Raw Business Presents : Hollywood HipHop Night Hosted by Performances by and more 4TIX (608) 819-8010
oh really
nothing yet! I need to make something happen! I just like the city... thats all. lol
RT : Having a blast! rockin' it tonight! .... Thanks for calling! WTF!
So she mad cause i hadem before she did ? Lol okay - ..
Holdin it down for all my winners out there
"Creep" Opening Night.
Ikr I'm so Happy and btw if u can, come over on Friday because Vanessa is and we can have a sleepover!😜
Some things just don't need a response.
Welcome back !!
Social experiment for the week: Using "that'll do, pig" in really inappropriate contexts.
lol watching the movie?
Smith is such a liability on the offensive end. Kills momentum.
go by iTunes and get your free download of "live to rise" by Soundgarden, from the Avengers soundtrack
Lol "how did that chick get pregnant"
Come to 2354 n Milwaukee to #saveourclincs - get Rahm to reopen this and 5 other community mental health centers.
Shoutout to my gorgeous :D
so what time is it over there?
So that's why it's taking forever for me to download files...
#WeKnowTheDj that Dj dirty darren ... D Stain bieeeetch... EEk !!! It's a front, she hoes !!! Bwahah
you are so cute
because in real life, when X was just sitting there before the show, I just stood and stared at them. because I LOVE X.
Nationwide get on my side ......
lol i know boo
Going to see a neurologist tomorrow... Hope I'm not crazy.
Watching CEO Sarah Brown talk about U..S. teen birth rates on
Happy Friday!
Monday morning shout out to for just being awesome. Thx again!!
Congrats to on his 1st day as Digital Strategist for ! #shockers nation is proud for u, Matt!
I really kinda wish i had a bike.
Thanks to our staff, front and back for doing what they do best all of last week! New Week Now...Happy Monday CLE! Enjoy the Week!
Sorry guys. but i can't follow back anymore...
what was it about?
Homework, clean, cook, repeat.
Anyone who says he can see through a person is missing a lot. ~Groucho Marx
Interactive Videography-With pre-loaded digital exhibits & demonstrative evidence, we capture the live interaction w/them by your witness.
“: I was going for the PB&J record last night.” // Peanut butter & jelly?
ladys i love my man because he'll try to give me heaven when ive been through hell,move mountain so i can maintain, find one like that
Ah, that was fun(:
That last RT of goes to She'll get the joke:)
hahahha! they just wanna be that pretty (;
Thank you for covering Memories in the Making at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton! #alzheimer's
completely clean. No problem with that hit whatsoever. All the fair-weather fans I'm with are bitchin.
Mr. Geldres is mad..lol cause someone said weed is good.
It's an old White woman in Wilcox County that just keeps up evil all the time. She needs to be more concerned about her breathing.
its always good to work with great minds.. art direction #fashion/tv/film
"In Barbados, a loud cricket means money is coming in"-Wish I was in Barbados! There is a loud cricket outside/9:30am!! LOL
It's important to have it checked than just curing it without knowing the reasons for its discomfort. :-)
worldwide, in Louisville ky. It's Derby Day. Lol.
Hour-long conversation with my mom. She's truly the most selfless and giving person I know. Always feel better after talking to her.
wanna go to a concert tonight?
No hun, I don't want your boyfriend. Nobody wants your boyfriend... that's why he's with you.
ai what about Jay Park! Oh wait...he lives in America
oh I an
knock 'em dead! Not literally.
the AMC has had inv. journ. wkshps before, but i don't know if there's anything planned for
Tonight is Wednesday, you know what that means - $10 off all bottles of wine all night long.
;) I shaved and waxed my eyebrows and did a hair mask and a face mask and took a bath!
The morning birds are out
-I shld expand in my new tumblr, but the more my system depends on a specific implementation of a nosql, the higher cost of regret.
Pretty upset the bid kids get free tickets the night of prom...
I feel like 
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur! Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
I'm leaving my office at 6, since you have the tickets where do you want to meet?
How was the party in Ft.Lauderdale this weekend?
Our sincerest apologies to our followers for not following back! Had a little Hacker mole but that's history! Love ur tweets! UR Hollywood!
Pre-debate: Bon Filner in Green Room eating all Juan Williams' fruit.
RT Tweet now if you the baddest bitch In your crew,or think you are!! I know I am!!!!!!!!!!
. Thanks for the mentions. Happy Sunday.
anthony davis will be Lexington Sports Cards on friday from 5-8pm est signing autographs!!!
Get 20% off your spring cleaning appointment!
Thank you!! Enjoy your last weeks of school and congratulations on graduating as well!
dang! I thought you bought it somewhere! I looooovveee mountain dew!
You said you'd always be there for me! But you're not.
City vs Wolves next. Come on Wolves!!
Excellent point, thx :-) RT : I would head home. The roads are only going to get worse.
Out n about 😊
Finally got an exacta. $32.....winning
You're such a hater. Hating on---umm---calling people haters? lol
Can't wait to get off work. Got a good feeling bout the weekend
I hate being cold.
Happy Teachers day to
Nifty flyer designs to your next show, party, event, etc. for a fair price of only $5. More work will be posted soon. Check out our family.
If you'd ever been to the Vanderbilt Mansion in Hyde Park, NY, you'd have seen some beauties like these.
theres always next time!
Diekman! Now that's how you do it!!
happy birthday! I got some birthday burpees for you if you're ever in ATL!
RT : Took the day off from Poker and picked up some more odds and ends for my place. BR $2150.00<~go Jody!
i'm starting to think i'm never going to be happy on a monday morning
To all my followers and all I follow Merry Christmas.I ask only one thing of you for Christmas please follow Gods Chosen One
dont be bitter that its a lonley world in b223 right now
Bad shit is gonna happen in life. Don't get mad, get a plan.
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
Sunshine on the way for #SanDiego! Overcast skies will break mid-morning. Mainly sunny day. 69 coast, 76 inland, 67 mtns, 91 desert.
When I grow up, I fully intend to own a closet full of #Louis Vuitton and #Louboutin. That is, of course, after my dream trip to #Paris. <3
kayden, your so stupid. Think about it. Its obvious your kayden. Get over yourself.
Congrats to Houston and their fans! Hope to see the stadium in person sometime.
If there's one person you can be sure knows the Queens English, It's the Queen of England.
I should have been filming pieces the whole time. Would have made for a great vid
you are stunning! :) Just thought I should let you know. x
Didnt he have a song or album named Chicken & Beer?
Being a Mahomie is the best(: right
Cm punk lets go cena
Cool! Can't wait. See you there! Have a great time at Coachella.
Teacher wants to help students be more effective peer editors. Does anyone have some good resources? Thanks!
indeed! the pleasure was mine.
Just spotted a pee-pee teepee. Yep.
just got done recording a voiceover for the first Official Transcendant trailer im excited
wtf satan's the fat mexican cousin of chef boyardee
you better not get there late tmrw lol ...
que que que
yes thank you next Sunday baby
Wow! I love it! The Cheesy fall, taking the Christmas tree down with her, was high art.
Justin Timberlake & Friends Concert @ Planet Hollywood Christina Aguilera, Diddy-Dirty Money, Salt-N-Pepa, The Scene and T-Pain + More
i am so going home and napping after work today...
I love , especially his inability to mention people in tweets. I will teach you one day twitter grasshopper.
Words to live by "Keep it cute *snap snap hairflip* or put that shit on mute -
But,i would likeit if I had one.
LaffyTaffy all the way!
All other end of days are the cure for natural causes.
OMB!! I LOVE U JB!!With out u I wouldn't be able to face the real world! I LOVE U SOO MUCH! <3 beginning till the end
USA: As a nation we have creative people, Unfortunately, our commitment towards creativity and unique talents were less than enthusiastic.
Family time in Spain, for me the most beautiful place in the world! C U in a couple of weeks guys!
The largest yet most fragile thing in the universe: The male EGO
Welcome new followers and ~ Have a happy #Valentine's Day.
He uses tape liberally.
Damn, Sen. Torres Ray is about to beat someone down.
i try
you're not going to sleep in 5 days. you already are an energizer bunny!
Oh & Thunderstorms are beatiful. End of story.
First time in Davis Square since seeing Bad Manners with
What's your favorite children's book? Check it out of the library and read it to your favorite kid this week!
as a result of differences in wealth and per capita standard of living. Only, I find the Westerner a lot more self-righteous.
it is #don'tlike
IDK but I dont wanna stay in shit its the summer ! :)
After doing a musical tribute to I think I should be fair and post one for everyone on #TGP2 Probably next.
McDonald's for dinner! Who wants some? :D
And I love seeing that mess “: Larry Merchant is the definition of a hot mess”
Paul McCartney is getting married for the 3rd time this Sunday. That's the same day John Lennon would have turned 71.
Need to start working out again, and get in shape.
couldn't agree more!
See DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pm-close.
What does "stepping outside the box" mean to you?
RT : My yoga instructor is teaching me how to sit Indian style on my own head. It's not as easy as it sounds.
“: OMG #prettylittleliars was so god!!! #Aday . Cant wait until next season already. #june5th” yes! 👍
Thanks Chris.. You're awesome. RT And with this hiring choice, Goodby continues to show their quality.
Watering the backyard, working on the battery on the SwaggerWagon, and calculating new fence costs. What a hot Friday night!
one point lead!!!
For executable papers: www.worrydream.com/Tangle
What do u mean no reason bro... I respect the rings and the stats. Im tired of people looking for the next Jordan.
currently consuming.
Sorry for all these suck ass tweets but don't like well fuck you too!! Lol
Trying to decide on dinner: Salmon with rice and salad or Strippers and beer. It's a tough one...
Bought some Kickers and hate them already, they've practically rubbed half my heel off!
#vsa2011 Disturbing the Eternal Silence of the Gallery:Dialogue about hunger.Art, public programing, and evaluation raise awareness.Awesome
#SomeoneIWantToMeet , he's my idol.
Time to get buff, bra! Goin' to the gym, liftin' weights, seein' manly bods at the gym. Awww yeah
RT Tune in to me on
ohh damn. That sucks bro
this is a great iformation thanks Caleb!
hahaha my cat would NEVER let me stick a chinese container on her head- that would be the day!
Watching Rickey smiley on b.e.t funny as hell
we love your cause and are happy to help. Looking forward to the art show!
I can't tweet on my other account, so yeah. Idk why
actually you and your georgian should come out to the farm! im away for a bit but will try you mid may
Tell her i said wassup . i miss her already .
oh yea very true...and hes not very good at that
what do you call a man who just lost his left arm and leg? all right ZING!
That's shit was funny haha
National Teacher Day, May 8th. #thankateacher!
yes, right my love.. What r u doing ??
Do we have date & time for the great adventure?
Gold Coast Skydiving in Lumberton, MS. I believe they drop higher than the one in Slidell.
I'm looking 4 local artist (Detroit) 2 get up on this project! I'm telling u its gonna put Detroit back on da map as the Music capital. Rap!
Biggest obstacle to innovative collaborating is fear
The scammers&spammers r back @ it sending me DM's:Jobs where I can make thousands a day,ways 2 stop gossip rumors, & now hookups.Just click!
lol yea lets hope no one calls cps and finds us day drinking & beating up chirren
Saw parts of two of the #worstmovies ever made #today. Air Bud 2,Golden Retriever and Robocop 3. #whatwerethesepeoplethinking?
freaking joe cant just replied to me on his twitcam. omg.
ps: i have a headache, someone feel free to bring me an americano
do you wanna go back on tinychat please im bored please
Summary Box: Yahoo to double Olympics presence
saturday studio visit goes great. now i am happy to be awake. (had a dream about zombies in a mental facility before alarm woke me up)
s/o to all my followers. much love ♥
exactly. A risk/reward proposition. Diamonds-in-the rough would be real value add for a draft prognosticator (fromNFL fan POV)
: Halloween video suggestion - "You'll Find Out": bad musical w/ Karloff, Lugosi, Lorre & a clarinet "talk box." No lie.
I love learning new things!
Patron asked if I can assign worksheets/homework for the computer class.
A huge portion of advanced education is lifting the fog of the corpus. Someone needs to deploy the Predator drone or TIA of publishing.
Reds win on a walk off Chris Heisey base hit. .500 homestand isn't that bad of a start considering how bad they looked the previous 2 games!
my mom got sick of me renting #weboughtazoo every other day on verizon, so she just bought it for me. Lol obsessed? Nah..
I'm wearing holiday socks again for the edits today.
Had fun with you on set today - See ya Tuesday:)
Son sees jean-diaper commercial, looks at shorts. Obviously wants them. He has cool jeans, but I guess he wants to cut out the middle man.
So... is we going to the movies or we going to the 99 ?
I officially hate cockney.
I dunno, I don't think any of those are gonna clinch it.
Ismaili sacred sites contained both biodiversity and depth of cultural heritage
I have found cooking bacon in the oven or a toaster oven is the absolute best way to prepare it. 300 degrees for 20-25 minutes. Yummy
The sound that Miles Davis and John Coltrane created when they performed "So What" is amazing. One of the best recordings of all time.
I think after 20-30 emails you will start getting kinda bored and angry and that's when you will really shine.
i wish my christmas wish truly did come true :)
People still play smash or pass? Lol
I'LL WAVE MY ABS TOO. CAUSE I HAVE ABS. AND MINHYUN IS JEALOUS.
Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that.
Eyes Wide Open by Gotye has seriously been stuck in my head for 3 days now....
haha I mean I'm down if you're down. Although I don't know that many drinking songs on the horn....
sad stuff!
My Mama cooked breakfast on her special day...thats because she is an #ExtraordinaryMom <3
Getting ready to go ride the 150 mile loop around the Smokies- it's suppose to be 84 on the Tail of the Dragon.
Happy Birthday !!!
Nathaniel Alexander was the first to patent the folding chair- InSpotter app
omfm! :'D "Why did you use a condom tasting like sour slittles?! You know I hate sour skittles Austin!" :'D
Hour ½ = downtown Nashville again! Excited about this, I ♥ this place, it’s pretty awesome here… OVC game @ 8:00—Let’s Eagles!
I think the same thing
Excited for the and joint event in #NYC tomorrow night!
A goal is a dream with a deadline. – Napoleon Hill
thanks! I think you're right...
The store is what's important :).
Using Blogger as a management tool - interesting, I would never have thought of that. Cool.
Come by the Farm & say hi to your fellow farmers! Don't forget our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
One can only hope that Miles does not have MORE followers than me.
If tired of the European debt crisis, don't worry - you'll soon have a global debt crisis as diversion. Bankers tied it all together nicely.
Tomorrow is the beginning of Campus House of Prayer located in the Tech 24/7 House on Broadway and Ave X!!! Tell everyone you know!!!
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 16
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!74
loves the 90s station on sirius radio. listening to my childood. bump it up!
What a march.
of course your not.
love it my man! Thanks for the g
Waiter just explained sweet breads. Lol
Just died laughing!
#truegrit and eggs makes for a perfect Sunday morning! #happinessis lazy Sundays in bed!
Take 1, take 21. Creating a hit takes patience and determination
its awesome. i aspire to be kelso
RT Come to The Queen Vic at 1206 H NE for your birthday celebration drinks on us
Are you a great web developer in the #Milwaukee area? Give us a shout (DM or Mention) and let's talk. We're
Steven Tyler is such a
Cant sleep 😁
well, sometimes i have a way of getting in the way of my own success..here's to always learning and moving forward
Read to do my first set of Acrylic Nails! 
Kobe system level 10
#swprinceton need help? Email
hey I'd love to but for now I am busy with work
I think they were too. Everyone says she's crazy, controlling and bitchy. I know for a fact that I would be too with that many!
bcz when she sat in the chair she said her last bob was corporate & safe so I told her imma make this sexy and UNSAFE
Mani + pedi's or massages are always a safe bet!
"I just wanna be myself and I want you to love, ME for who I am." Couldn't have said it better myself. #ladygaga <3
Beautiful day in Poway :) I'd go for a hike around the lake but I'm scared of rattlesnakes! Haha I'm on a rhyming roll...
Mango lemonade!!!!(:
Every Monday from 11pm-close is happy hour...$1 off all beers, wells, infusions. Just so happens to be after 11 on Monday right now...
that's awesome
Short Girls Run Shit !
I'm into singing and acting
'Women see into the soul. Men just see what they want to see.'
I am there mwfsat 10-6 but after 3 the main gardner will be there have aquaponics as well
watch boyfriend sleeping, while the dog snore like a freight train, checking emails on my phone in my undies -> the rest of my life. Love.
Are you dealing with a physical card or the app?
When your boys ask you if youve heard "make it nasty" when you showed them that song six months ago -_-
You do not lead by hitting people over the head that's assault, not leadership. General David Dwight Eisenhower
they always threatening me.lol
Have fun guys..
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see ~ Henry David Thoreau " -- Paulo Latina ()
is the Supply Store open on Sunday? Where can I find the hours?
#Qatar on #Syria: The situation on the ground is unbearable.
totally overrated. Morse code, smoke signals and pigeons are all we need.
At the opening of the play Mountaintop starring Angela Bassett and Sam Jackson. Sure to be a treat. The place is packed and diverse.
Feel like MIA should jump on the "Mercy" remix
seriously ???? 3 mi? Or are u exaggerating?
Mistaken for day laborer, which is only sort of right. #howsthewritinggoing?
Mets need him :(
Prospects Harvey, Satin lead Bisons to win
You were always there for me and I was always there for you.
the key part of my tweet being " if they want to ACT like wild animals, violent protests, etc, meet aggression with aggression.
these are typically items you have to attend anyway. I would much rather attend a SOX session with SoMe backing
Hey Cheryl! All is well. Rollin' like the Tide into 2012!
i need new songs to learn on the ukulele. SUGGESTIONS?:)
Right up there with Christmas! RT Hey ...it's national champagne day : )
im gonna get off twitter and go on ....y8.com
it is-it completely drains the labor pools and costs taxpayers a lot more
nice, I hope it was a victory beer! Lookout for dogs hanging out at the bar :)
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.Vernon Sanders Law
Agreed! RT : We need more of you to ensure kids get the support to help them make #healthy choices
says, "hug a partner."
This is really lousy to watch so far.
it's rare that it happens... Kmsl
bout to beat in just dance
I'm done watching jersey shore.
I swear I feel like I'm about to die
i wish u would RT me or follow me but #NEVERSAYNEVER!!
Kratos vs. Parappa: Who Will Win in the PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale?: We find out which Sony characters w...
China has the world’s oldest calendar. This lunar calendar originated in 2600 B.C. and has 12 zodiac signs. It takes 60 years to complete.
‎Communitylinks La is Proud to announce the Opening of our "NEW"magazine Jewishh Communitylinks Melbourne . We also have a great magazine i…
Love is all we have at the end, so why not bring it on every day; share it, give it, receive it, show it, honor it, live in it and with it.
i hope u enjoy that, i want some too! lol
I showed our machine learning phd to do something in Excel faster than scripting. Proud foot soldier for Big Data revolution.
I'm tired bro.
RT : #whatifindcute guys who admit they like me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Brava! That is the point the politicians are missing. We must address social problems as the cause of educational problems.
Research has shown that exercise can slow or help prevent heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes,etc
Thank you for supporting and following Acting In LA! All new website launching 01/01/11
#Iwonder what our society is coming to when we allow such madness to continue. Life is #tooshort to worry about such trivialities….
we got that in Vegas, sorry it won't help ya today
true but there are a ton of horrible apps, just hope Apple makes it easy to find the great stuff, they tend to make things easy
Watching #NBAplayoffs Not the best day for my team
Big Party for all State Employees (Nationwide) Paraiso Sports Bar 101 Collins rd. Richmond Texas lets go! #IceColdProductions'Saturdays#
Some people take way too much shit for granted
Pick up your Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods in West Oakland today and everyday. Peace -T
X-Factor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees before&pays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Way to go! It's always great to surround yourself with others in the business. Have fun and network!
yeah, figured. They're lovely & pizza is yummy. Cant wait til ur place opens. We r BEYOND excited to finally have a local!!!!
Ultrasonic takes home Best Of Fest at the DC Independent Film Festival!!
Word from Timbers locker room is pulling goalie Adin Brown was more precautionary than anything. Sounds like hamstring isn't too bad.
Just finished speaking to the Livingston GOP Committee. Will they vote to endorse a candidate? Not sure yet.
I'd like to be everything you want <3
Moss, Manningham, and Crabtree could be one of best WR groups in #NFL w/out a solid qb tossin the the ball
Goldstein: You cant address development challenges without core infrastructure- geospacial tech is following development progress
yeah but in 3rd period i have this french guy and omg that boy is FINE <3
Just ordered 's cd
Hopefully seeing for the first time ever on Monday (10/31) at Frankies!
Come hang with us on Thursday - we'll be going retro on the patio! Help us commemorate the 70s with live music and delicious cocktails!
sorry!!! i hadnt even logged into my computer yet! hold on!
A series on #UWS bodegas on Its bodega week! (via )
Good lord
i'm laughing so hard right now. LMFAO
:P Guys just have this... fresh look about them when they get their hair cut. :>
there is but it still doesn't compare to the hogs... That's all I'm saying
It's not too late to register for today's online (and free) on Big Data feat. (9 PST/12 EST) bit.ly/rZFRXb
Next time you come around check out the branded intro from
#ThatOnePersonWho follows is truly an amazing person!
Nobody puts baby in a corner
Stale bread for breakfast and steak for dinner. Lovin' life.
Yea but it said 7 hours I know it don't take that long
Any teaching-related links for March's Teaching Carnival at ? Please send them my way. (billiehara or via twitter). Pls RT.
Taking it back, moving forward- placing cue stickers on my vinyl records for live looping. New setup w/ AudioMulch
2011 SHANE DAWSON TV SHOW?? I HOPE SO :)
Has it been a stressful week? Well, come to our festival to get a massage from the Italian Heart Studio
Happy Birthday!!
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier
Sometimes I just want to scream but then I think "Wait I'm gona need my voice to actually talk to ppl in a few."... Peace out everybody!
Just cause I said it.. Doesn't mean that I meant it. Rumour has it.
#salute keep up the good werk
TRUTH - love it
I hate that really shiny glare I get on my glasses whenever I look at a light. ._.
Merry #WW friends, stop by bin and try any of our wine flights for $10. Celebrate #WineWednesday to the max!!!
you are more than welcome. I am a CAB member 4 The Hope Clinic of Emory University in ATL. I will be following ur chat Mon.
Thanks! :-) It's not the years, honey. It's the mileage. (Because it's always time for an Indiana Jones quote!)
no prob bro!
haha yeah I'm still here they're all raging with Sweeney. They were down for about an hour, but they got on around 1 AM
omg really?!
Watching the #Bengals take on the #Texans been a solid first half so far
Hey, it's been exactly a year since my last tweet! This is completely coincidental that I am logging in today. Happy Thursday! :)
reminding folks to recycle fishing line, ribbon, and kite spring so the birds don't use them--and maybe get tangled--in their nests.
Nicoles annoying me
I brought my bike inside. big elevators.
Just finished eating a sandwich c:
The most romantic thing I've ever told : "I'd cut open a tauntaun and put you in it if we were stranded on Hoth.
watching raw
Why do I get the weird ones? Embroidered blazer, pictures of movie tickets, car obsessions... Y'all need to chill.
