Okay that awkward moment when my followers don't answer me
It was cold all day until I layed my brother to rest
choreographing with arvie. without you by
Extra rehearsal at #Berklee tonight my mom's being a pain about it -_-
Seeing for the first time with his band. They are killing it.
A good couple of hand balls on that score by Fabiano.
u @ the game tonight
haven't been on this hoe in a min... What's good? Who got some new music to be shared?
"There is no water in Russia, there is only vodka!" we still need to make our trip to Russia.
I agree. Already the sports show are on it. It was game one. Today is a new day. Win tonight.
BIG thx 2 everyone who participated in #aad12. It was great 2 have such a passionate, informed & dedicated group of advocates from
I enjoyed the ending of cabin in the woods more than the Mavs game.
thanks for the follow and for all the tips.
if #thomyorke knows you exist then you know you're alive
North Dakota State has extended a scholarship offer to Hudson sophomore Alex Herink.
Thanks you!
Wow! #Giants really are going to win this game, huh?
Ah Thanks Brent !!! RT : love the pics, lyssa. Looking good.:) and you look like you're enjoying yourself.:)”
that rare moment when flights you were looking at actually DROPPED in price (!)
do it! Then maybe she'll give you Greyson's number then you could give it to me XD
it's an irregular tho and that's the last question I have and I have to have it filled ouuuttt omg
for what??? For all the great things you are HERE to accomplish, enjoy your week Keep it up :)))
You looked so pretty in iCarly it was awesome thanks for making it amazinglike
haha I want to meet all of them
if i didn't love you guys so much "Literary Map of the Hamptons" would probably merit an unfollow :o<<<
RT : Don't ever be afraid to start over especially if your current situation is bad. (great message!)
Countdown to nap time: 6 hours.
always be a hopeless romantic. Never give up C:
RT : Lisa Valentino: Take your Money out of AdNetworks. Most of them will be gone in 12 month.
always feels nice to get a hit on a publication at a high ranking first rate journal after it has been turned down by a third rate journal
Damn you Bieber >:S
ive bin voting all day for u guys, please follow back ? :)
my favorite hair on jordan was when he had the blonde.
I just need to survive the next 8 days.
will try to dig one up :-)
Thank you for getting that stuck in my head.
will be joining us.
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio to play Michigan on Friday in Nashville.
Just turned my t.v on so I wouldn't fall asleep. . Got me 2 cups of cool-aid Lol !!! #LoveMyBaee <3
Happy Mother's Day! <3
I wish my heart was always on his mind, cuz he's on mine like all day all the time.
"the key is wetness"
I bet you have mate! They keep that stuff pretty quiet tho.
just made a mistake w/ that one. The call was long, but it was fluid.
getting my oatmeal late breakfast. i've gotta sew today, 4 last outfits to throw together!
I have learned that "The Grass is Greener, Where it Rains" so much for "on the other Side"! ~ ;)
Thanks! I was looking for something to talk about tomorrow on the Living Show.
Philly Sports: #Eagles Notebook: No doubting Syracuse safety Thomas signed with
What is Elston's turnover per touched ball ratio? Has to be crazy high.
OMG So freaking scared!!! Tornado!!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me(: it would make my night! I would go wake my sister up and yell in her ear(:
Faith and fear cannot exist in the same place at the same time. And I'm not such a big fan of fear.
Check out the Dash for Detection! Pancreatic Cancer Research event.... great cause!
I am dude.
RT Fireman Ed + the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out 4u> this fan appreciates that attitude!
trying to win stuff, get jobs, and finish school... *sigh* only the school part is working out for me
00066b Wed 18apr12 . Clock out 1915p . Prepare documentation for funding Phase II of The China Outpost
Enjoy your youth. Don't waste it on looking for something you don't need.
happy seven days till your birthday big bear
no worries. It happens.
Felt good popping the 3 blisters i earned yesterday
This is part of how I got such great photos! #Powershoot June 10! ALL DAY just bring yourself and get multiple looks! Only $50 deposit!
lol pretty much buh text me doe,
Good Night everyone! Remember if your struggling with the natural hair or product process, please don't hesitate to call me at...
lol I really really really want to go. We would have an actual good chance of meeting him tho
Oh thank God, you almost gave me a heart attack. :)
"There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear ... " 1 John 4:18
Signs you know your date isn't going well. "Hello, I'm Chris Hanson."
Tom Gleason of MassHousing: transforming Jackson Square is good business.
we just passed the Vegas Strip!
that sounds so great.
Q2 #Foodiechats via #RamonWOW What are your #AllTime favorite toppings on your #Pizza - prosciutto with arugula and figs
When is that change gonna come knocking on my door?
Nice choice my friends
I'm trying to get a lil vacation going! I'll text you later about it more. I just wnted the thought to brew in your head lol
Even though we lost it was still a good game :) thanks babe for everything
2011 was so great we only hope for more
": When boys lick there lips>>>> #sosexy" Lip biting ... #Evenbetter mm
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
My phone's about to die so I'm tweeting from my boyfriends. :)
Right on, conveniently enough those should be available in the next couple weeks. We'll keep you posted.
Also at Estate Boutique in Chapel Hill, NC
“: I just scorched microwave popcorn. Ladies and gentleman, 31 years old!” Whatever it tastes way better burnt!
If you are reading this right now : Have a good morning- no matter what is going on in your
Rode over w/ the #daddarioaustin guys to downtown Be sure to get some free at Rustys on 7th // at
Keep in mind, STL bench is empty, despite TLR's benevolent managing. #STLCards #Rangers #DidIUseBenevolentCorrectly?
Truth is I miss him..alot
Just picked up the rental upon arrival in Vegas but the roof rack came loose. Had to leave a VM for Hertz... unhappy family.
missing for a moment the absurdity of performing country club puppet show birthday parties... in July. //puppetpeople.com/
“You have to create your own world whatever way you can. life can be really hard, you have to fight your own battles, but you'll find help”
Busy day ahead of me...legGO get this day started :-)
Yes a busy 1 4 me too but productive!! Thanks!!:-)
Rihanna becomes designer for Armani Rihanna was the new face of Armani Jeans and Underwear , replacing actress Megan Fox. She fronted the
What u gonna play? Where p cruiser at?
Witches Heal!
Dwntwn hotels & bizs have the right to be dissappointed too. I'm not a Jags fan, but Tebow would've brought in out of towners
Thanks for sending that out!
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. – Bo Bennett
Follow me please :D,.
lol! Love this!
Camel caretaker...
Managed to make it through today's NY Times crossword without screaming like a little girl.
Ticket Oak and crying Verizon commercials need to go to hell.
Jerry Bergonzi last night was excellent. A really unique voice that too many jazz followers have never heard of.
So basically if we both walked in somewhere infested with roaches & lizards, we'd probably rather be dead. Sounds good lol.
ouch that cuts deep
OMG I hate all da 6 graders in my skool except 1! They all annoying, rude, & think they all that! And i only like a couple of 7th graders!
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Aspen Group
#FF & , two awesome & empowering #PdPlus friends!
Well, I'll be in Chi for graduation next week. Let's meet up!
Never in my life have I been so against sleeping, I don't want to for at least one year. And then go back to normal. Lol a
What determines if your a nice guy or not simply comes from what you do after they disagree.
Tan lines.
Kid"n"Play
Oh ya gets to use this account now
"What's your tangible good?"-me
#AFS11 "u must get in touch w ur inner famine"- ukranian elders
Us too! RT : We agree! RT : We are a little biased here but everyone should support
Well the interstate bridge is completely stopped. This is fun.
“: #SXSW SLOTS STILL AVAILABLE?” email - nathanonearth at g mail dot com
Chat: Rangers host Royals
Let Me Know the next time u fill ur shoes up with this high ass gas!
I am exhausted. When do we get to sleep?
Jeff Saturday to the I like it!
today is May 18, 2012. which means...
one most + till school is over. plz get over now
Tech in schools has been used toward efficiency rather than learning and imagination
I was on a rooftop in Harlem!
alright duck
The order may seem backwards, but after a long day you have a hot bath first, THEN a bourbon neat at the bar next door before bed.
Gorgouse you are
fuck they changed it!!! I dunno how to search even!!
Ok, will NOT be taking anymore detours. I am glued to my chair!
So, I checked... since I got my , I've lost nearly 7.5 lbs in less than six weeks. I'm okay with these results. Onward!
This song is every word I left unspoken
Young Jeezy's new video "Leave You Alone" is a great mini movie.
New faster network and wifi in my office can mean only one thing . . . Wimbledon on the office laptop!
Northern CA Tour being booked for May!
10% corporate discount now available!
hahahahah i absolutely love this.
Hold the phone, people are seriously headed to a midnight premiere of #ThinkLikeAMan? That ish cray!
“: pleading his case that #packers are the most annoying...”// and the most recent Champs!
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. - Lao Tzu
connection to God, its not meant for you to understand. Tongues can be translated which at that time the holy ghost is present.
food> if I had some tho.
Shirtless bum spotted at 39th and Roanoke. In my mind that officially means it's summer. In March.
Time for MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 3-GHOST PROTOCOL on my couch, one of my fav places to be.
#JeffcoK12 this is great
. : obviously Internet is enabling speaking truth to power. Its open nature, however, is not assured in the future
I got a subscription to rolling stone after a class in criminology their are a similarities between psychos and musical artists.
awwe i miss u to love:/ and me anna and deanna want u abck the most!!! we keep bugging farias to bring u back!!
I know. I notice that when he took his shades off.
CONGRATS 2 the Class of 2012!
are you saying that just because what rock as put you through in years past.lol.
It is called Facebook. not ProblemBook.
Ritz always gets picked up at parties.
you must be #TeamHeat :|
ayy did u change ur number?
i m glad u are!! love u!!
Almost #Friday!
How's the wrist?
So happy to hear that you're coming back to youtube!
(: Awe I Remember When I Made My 4 Letter Word Video For Him But He Never Seen It 😒
Got all my orders done, now I'm ready for my vacation.
Man yelling "we will never take you for granite"
Oh na na... what's my name?? No, seriously, what's my name!
haha i just wanted to mess with you :)
i started a marketing assistant job about 2 months ago and can't believe all the walking i get to do
u should b smokin right now wake & bake that's whut I'm doin
Correct but how do you explain him driving off a cliff while falling asleep @ the wheel? I don't have the facts but it adds up.
damn that grinds my gears when girls say " all guys are assholes" obviously you've been hooking up with the wrong guys or talking with them
Why do people still ride around with bubble tented windows like seriously not that it was ever ok lol
I wish #ClintHurdle was the #Reds manager.
A recent survey found that 44% of people plan to dine at a restaurant for Valentine's Day! Are you one of them?!
Wish there was a way to figure out what's open today in Brooklyn. It's not bad outside and I really don't want to waste another day!
Prelinger - for solutions, let's look homeopathically - to allow us to back off if solutions works than the problems
make two dreams come true but following me nd 31
honesty is key & happy to see you being vocal on where you are with Slade & getting married! Rock on!
“: If you don't like La Dispute, chances are I hate you”
#iabccleip copyright notice is free and let's ppl know your work is proprietary. Do it.
I've been here before 10,000. Wish I would have tweeted you more :/
Is she wearing a saftey patrol vest under this jacket
I want to be a part of it...
I heart you, tony!!
ok thanks just making sure
You've gotta admire Hawk Harrelson for still giving his HR call even when he has to wait a few seconds to ensure the ball went out.
If you saw the first 10 minutes of 9News last night, you can see why it is important to provide education and discourage drunk driving.
Last question of the week and last chance to win a plush throw. Answer True or False using #acsskin. RT and get a second entry!
Who else other than Don Draper can cheat on his wife with another mans wife and then clock the husband for calling him on it?
Nothing worse than sneezing into your beard.
that's how it feels like for me every time I go home! Weird huh.
This is awesome, tune in to now if you lub da wub: “: with your #DailyDoseOfDubstep”
sup bro!
she was driving a brand new bmw suv, i dont think she was a poor lady, toting an iphone 4s and wearing atleast a 50k ring :P
RT : Some heavy business hath my lord in hand,
Go on, watch your sports.
My brothers and I keep talking in English and mom said, "what? What? What are u talking? What? " ^_^
Missed the game but was watching the twitters very carefully...
I need things. I need corn and I need a snake.
Our Deer Valley location is now swirling NSA Coffee. Mango and Strawberry Lemonade are on deck, look for them over the next few weeks. Yum!
What's your quaility? How much are you worth? Don't depreciate your fashion value....
PuBlic bathrooms.. Eeww
Finally a day off..time 2 make music not just play it!! Tomorrow spinnin Coppertop Bar at day and MotherLoaded Tavern at night!oh hey! haha
I know... the timing was... surreal.
Our teams are out and about tonight: talking, selling, smiling...
Just added 2 new photos to the Spring/Summer Line Album. Check them out and let us know what you think!
Thanks for the follow! Miss You!!!
fallen.zer0 is my yahoo ID. :) How you be, MC?
Is that the back of the concession stand at the Marcus Amphitheater? I think you can see that from Lakeshore State Park.
Cody is in arizona doing a sound check!
That's awesome!
Is he reacting to the product placement? RT : Mason King pic in ad looks like he thinks it's BS
WSOP Main. Sigh. Always interesting to look at the numbers. Chances of me losing all 4 out of 5 all-in pots I plyd? 0.6%. Yep! Pretty sick.
Yay! See you soon! :)RT : Super pumped for training tomorrow at ! See you bright and early!
I am at a women's networking event where they are talking about very basic SEO. Yawn
Thank you for speaking to us! RT : Thank you for including me in your story!
U WELCOME!
I keep coughing! D;
You're fine! and I'll probably sit in the back, but you guys can come sit up there, idk lol I feel terrible right now
How are these data sets being accessed? What is the life span of electronic data vs traditional paper research? The costs are enormous.
I hate my life.. I cant live without you...
Old boy better lawyer up and get some $$ bc thats beyond messed up
Wait what!? What station?
So say hello to falsetto in 3 .. 2 ...
Hitsugaya its so cool :P
I can't explain what happened over twitter!!! I'll have to tell you whenever I see you again!
you have to sign up but it's worth it
I am sorry to hear that. I hope your family member and friend are better soon.
. It's not a proposal--it's an illustration of how we live in a world of artificial scarcity and actual abundance.
DTF (dedicated,trustworthy,faithful!)
Suck my snake, AZ
maybe i roll a cigarette and make a coffee. or maybe i take a nap.
Interesting so far that future of book in digital world has not yet arisen as topic. How do you write IN digital age?
Shakespeare quote in #avengers made me happy.
new levels of disappointment.
Checking out 3D Printing at #betascape. Really cool!
He had minor "clean up" procedures every other year to keep wearing it.
#Hackleaf presentations are about to kick off! Let's see what our rockstar engineers came up with...
wearing anything adidas during a baseball game.. #nofeel slump busters on a Sat night
I'm looking for a few good So Cal shows to go to this week and check out some new bands. Anyone going to a good show!?!?!
Congrats Robert and Susan Downey on your new sweet baby boy, Exton Elias :D
Have I mentioned how sorry I am for everything nice I ever said about Ramon?
I hate the point of the night where the only new tweets I have are links from the New York Times. Makes me feel unsocial.
I just finished presenting View and demo'ing ThinApp for a 45 minute session. Follow up questions after, 45 minutes.....
Who gon stop me huh?
#CRM tools can be very customized for individual teams & firm members, that once growth starts somewhere, it may only expand. cc'
"We're both Gemini Vegetarians..."
screw the box! I think outside the straight-jacket
Ok- Leo/lady. If I want any tranny advice I'll keep you in the loop. Now go do your hormone treatment.
Hello to all new followers - hope to see some (all?) of you at likemind Chicago on 5/15 at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
Big Announcement: #Sprint chooses Boxwire for employee feedback! Welcome and thanks for joining Boxwire! Its a big day!
ROFL Jersey Floor ftw
u a mac guy? i have a DVD stuck in my macbook pro. and computer seems to in a way b frozen trying to read disc. grrr.
Thanks! Still having an issue, but think it's a server thing so we're just standing by while your excellent techs work on it! :)
I just got Ship Breaker by Paolo Bacigalupi I didn't realize the cover was so shiny. *rotates book to admire*
absolutely. Enjoy your weekend too.
I also need a new job, GAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWD, my dream job didn't call me back, brb, slitting my wrists. (JOKING)
eat shit pussy.
Yeah it is. And there is an abundance of it in the DC area. Is Chicken Vindaloo your goto Indian dish?
“: I keep waiting for a twitter trending topic to tell me I've died.” don't you know- you live forever.
#Brooklyn TNT 4 dj Mikey g
#livegive yeah and peppermint as well i love peppermint ice cream this time of year i know off subject.lol
Last flight of the day.
writing about a compter that longs to be a pencil, and author as elegantly....
some pics r there more tomorrow
im soo bored !!
RT "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings. True Dat!
A Successful Woman is One Who Can Lay a Firm Foundation wit the Bricks that Others Throw at Her,Keep Throwing & She Will Continue to Build<3
ugh next time invite me!
RT WORD! Good advice! RT Tell one story and tell it well, rather than trying to cover all the bases
True, Nokia & SE seem to struggle, are you confident enough in Palm's progress to put $ where your mouth is & invest? :)
How #scottwalker in #Wisconsin take the #boxers off #publicemployee #unions & gaveem #panties? Talk about
don't understand why people still refer to 1D are a "secret." they haven't been a secret for like 8-10 months.........
That is an epic pizza.
Welcome to the IMSTEA Super Mileage Challenge Sponsored by Looking forward to seeing your video!
Dreams w/ faith & work
If you have to fight a swan being a pistol. That is the only thing that will keep it from hitting you with its mace-like head
camping and riding this wkend fun!
I had the scariest dream ever
I enjoy following because his face makes my feed worth looking at.
No apologies needed. You guys had an amazing year. 15-2? I'll take it! Stay hungry for next year! =)
you seem like you have it together. I like your tips! Glad I found you on here.
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed and Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Special Event Promotions Call Monica 414/218-2202
Thanks for your comments on my blog! I'm also sensitive to higher prices when I've never read the author before.
I want a BLL. and some touch of lime tortilla chips.
Oh I may check that out! You know when I'm not watching #scandal for a second. Lol
Now, that's GRAVITAS!!
My only sewing needle broke off..... Motherfucker.
That's very sweet of you, Ella. Thank you.He is an amazingly warm-hearted young man (all credit to Mom).
RT : It all depends.will there be drinks? BtwI have no clue what Scandal is. // Blasphemy!!! Lol No booze 4 her
get to work!
I'm going to, we best be hanging
Why wait???
Happy 19th Birthday :')
Work is making me really competitive.
#your3words ---- Follow Your Dreams
ice cream sounds gud!
Nice finish, #Gators. Good night for baseball, softball, and lacrosse.
I love how, in scary movies, the person yells out, "Hello?" As if the bad guy is gonna be like, "Yeah, I’m in the kitchen! Want a sandwich?
Cannot believe he jst did tht... But aight. Bet
Glad to hear ur feeling better now and back on youtube with new videos :))))))))) we missed ya
Okay followers i have an important question. My friend says a boob and a tit arent the same thing is he right or wrong? (we r arguing ab ...
Me! But you'll lose some innocence in the process... RT : I need a stylist. Any takers?
I really want to charge for a webinar. I'm so tired of all the free ones.
so nice of you #shoutout, looking forward to your tweets!
Earn your respect.
Just saw 'The King's Speech'. Amazing movie!
Central Florida rap artist looking for video airtime send a mp4 of you edited music video to
- haven't done Branch out. I blocked it for some reason. Stuff being posted on my page or something.
No forget about it until we own a champ before Melo! Ever heard of playing with chip on shoulder?
its my 16th birthday and i would love to get a shout out from you :) you said you remember me from the meet and greet!
gee thanks! I'm blushing :)
thought i lost my canon charger but i just found it thank god
i wont (: hahaha its that one on our bus right?
Just upgraded my main #Ubuntu desktop in about three clicks. Can't do that with
Drive to the city to rage or stay at my moms in the burbs and wake up early. So many choices.
Bad experience at your Spring Hill, TN store today. Multiple examples of poor service and completely disappointed.
Hi Jodi! I was just saying we lost touch.:-) Look forward to meeting in person in June!
Friday is a perfect day to figure out this whole #Google+ thing. Pretty neat!
and White Castle.
love what you guys are doing. Let's work together!
Its sad how these men treatin these down ass females.you said you love her but behind her back while yo phone off you fuckin roun'
okay u know what food you want and budget?
great show Steve.... Time to go catch the game G'night all!
Well, shucks. No #TBJ No Season Required tour stop in D.C..
if i tweeted more often less people will find themselves bored with the #Funation you cant flood the market.
"Any good music must be an innovation." ~Les Baxter
And the presidential candidate I would most like to have a beer with reward goes to....
Ryan Braun tests positive for steroids and can face a 50 game suspension to begin the year
I was just about to say you copied me haha yeah walking back up the hill now
when does glee project start?
thanks so much for coming:-)
Steady stream of voters @ Turkey Thicket.
We wish you all a safe and enjoyable New Years! 2011 is going to dominate 2010!
No energy for the heat right now this is sad
if you are a Red Sox columnist, you should be able to add more value in your tweets than play by play...don't you think Amalie?
Cannot wait to see what you capture! #amazingidea!
I'd ride for my niggas if I had some worth it
A man who puts his hands on a female is not a man at all
“: #BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned” SO EXCITED!
/glare why must you muddy things up with facts?
no, silly me...what was I thinking? miss you - have you left to dig for dinos yet?
im bored. time to go stuff my face :)
You've got an awesome profile blurb. Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is living by #YOLO, no limits, talking bungee jumping.. 👍
my other ones hm ;)
I'm just here to have a good time, a little white chick a little white wine
I eat an insane amount of food everyday
Thank you Laurie for following us. We're launching this year & look forward to working with designers like you. All the Best ASTB
#LSCON how committed are you? Cop- out, hold-out, all-out
#annoying my mom always calls me Jordan
#hth2012 Caringal talking about dilemmas in digitization in the developing world
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a drink is. The bartender says, "for you, NO CHARGE"! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Justin bieber already follows us.
By combining #linkeddata and #crowdsourcing, complex semantic entities are born! The American Graffiti example blew my mind. cc
hell yea :)
Johnny, thanks for the mention.
Fear and Lathing in Las Vegas: a Gonzo carpenter and his attorney go on a drug-addled woodturning binge
Your boots and old baseball cap make my heart wanna tap dance. Love
That awkward moment #InSchool when you're playing with your pen in class and suddenly it flies across the room.
Yay! Let's fly kites!!!
The video game analogy is a game that starts easy to engage and teach a novice, then gets harder as he/she improves
Good morning to everyone, it's rainy here in Maine. Feel sick today, fever and very tired but the world doesn't stop, either do the bills
Happy Holidays, #LasVegas!
Cool I like Pink to!
well, i'm not surprised. once you receive an award from the sta, what else is there?
The system won't give us opportunity, we just need to dig deeper and create opportunities.
Lifted weights with a guy who is 68 that looks 45. I'm gonna do what he's been doing...
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
thanks for the mention and coffee. :) Have a lovely weekend.
And here come those Steve Blake led Lakers!
What did Rex Huddler just say about Puerto Rico? My goodness. What a dum dum.
This script's entire first draft was written under the influence of major caffine
where you sat boo real loud and annoying lol and they do it right in your face lol
We invite you to renew the Foundations of your Faith tonite. The decision does not need to be emotional, just a made up mind.
Lots of greets from last night saying great things about Avengers. Huh.
Something two horrible things are happening to me right now and I can't cry ? I don't get it .....
Got to sing with my wife tonight. I've missed that SO much.
I suspect it's possible the owners of the condo I rent may be facing foreclosure. Nothing definite. Will be fun to see how this plays out.
Thanks for the pic, we'll get working on it > 21st and 5th ave sink hole in middle of the street please help
thank you!!! He did. It was his "birthday" too. First day he arrived at my home, little orphan JoJo Dancer, lol
let me see u dance c;
#RT if u still awake
Smile, tomorrow is Friday!! Gotta love the weekends. www.kravitzdental.com
I...hate...this place.
it better cause thus cold stuff at the end of April could ruin a person.
Everything I do, reminds me of you
S/O to my new follower :)
love ya babe ;)
very true rt yes cuz she's on camera she's such a drama queen lol she cry all the time
thanks for following me! It was great to see you in ATL, looking forward to seeing you in #Vegas this week! Safe travels :)
I have the strangest urge to watch Armageddon today. I haven't thought about that movie in years. Why now?
I dont think I ever been so sore in my lifee!
To understand what genuine looks like you have to measure motive and actions. The fruit will speak of truth.
Good Mawning Tweeps! Hope you all had a fabulous weekend!
Give it to Durant!
The New York Big Football Giants
Successful Troll
I just want to feel better :((
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is having lunch with the minister and some friends. He promises to return to Montclair to see them again.
I hate las vegas i will NEVER comebck.
lmao don't yu got a gf to help that issue
I am a bad liar…thats why i prefer telling the truth…
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(ツ)/¯
He sure is. Thanks for coming to campus. The show was great.
Totally true - nothing beats face-to-face. Is it ok to tweet that?
Awww My Condolences To Your Church Family! =[
this is the side scrolling game that became TMNT 2 on NES, right?
Can u pls RT? Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show! Go to for details!
Oh, the Knicks are saving their energy for their big game tomorrow with Milwaukee?
Kristen! Be Careful!
Fucking bitches these days.Sorry, I didn't know your ex made your decisions for you.Thats cool bro, let me know when you get your balls back
Weird snowstorm getting you down today? Escape to the library!
Man ah den LEAST ah mi problem!!!
Oh, to be Prince Caspian, with nothing to return to but the demons in their caves
Jack Swagger's new tights makes him look like an American Gladiators castoff.
Get you Safety Dance on 2nite w/ Men Without Hats. Show at 8:30. Over 21. Tix at door. You can dance if u want to.
Evening on the computer. Downloading statements, updating profiles. Incremental progress. Tired eyes.
RT : Enservio Named a "Powerhouse Elite Pacesetter" in the Boston Business ...: "Enservio has been on a rapid growth ......
I heard they were having tech problems. Don't see it myself. RT: : Wow. Cee Lo cut his jazz fest set short. Wtf?
Girl: (singing) Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way! Old McDonald had a farm and jingled all the way...HEY!
I'm real bad at sitting on the floor.
so wonderful to hear that! thank you!
Brilliant today !
Nene' next show should be bad girls club
Congratulations, I think?
Hot date on a Saturday night...sitting in the waiting room at Patient First. Don't be too jealous!
oh, that explains everything. now i know why most pennsylvanians are so... well, um... unique. ;)
That Mean When You Gone Text me!
I don't know...you do seem sorta suspicious...lol
#countdown 8 days. Still haven't packed. Still haven't stoped smiling. Persian New Year resolution in progress :)
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring yet dishwasher soap is made with real lemons? Surely the answer is in a book, right?!
I wish we could stop caring about the size of our jeans, bigger or smaller. Instead we should care about our health.
": Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate." Just think : chocolate jello shots!
new girl is my fave show(: i love it to!
maybe true in the UK, but absolutely does not apply in the US.
I, somehow, didn't feel the earthquake. I'm actually a little bit bummed out!
Fun Fact of the Day: Elephants can communicate using sounds that are below the human hearing range:between 14 and 35 hertz!
thank you
Bitches Ain't Shit !!! But Woman Ain't Bitches. . . See Woman Are The Queens, & Bitches Just Bitches. . . #FuckWithTheREAL !!
Found at LEAST 25 deer ticks on Rocky after that run. We will not be going back there.
Let's shoot together! Sounds like you went to the gym with my wife this morning. Small world...
Looking forward to seeing the World Premiere of Eshet Rosh Hamenshala, directed by Tzipi Trope.
Perfect response to siding & storm window telemarketer. I live in apartment 2B.
merry Christmas to u to
Party!....... because! ": Shout out to b/c I'm following him now!! #holla"
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in "The Last King of Scotland"
Two dollars worth spending :) #Sundae !
hey eugene! do you know if there's a #kony12 video with Spanish subtitles?
arugula salad, tomato, basil, feta, walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette. Good bachelor dinner if I say so.
thats nice :) hes a pretty cool dude.
Amen, however,with Cobb back there they may have something in the return game. Rule might help and hurt them at the same time
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you just copy other peoples tweets and then post them as if you wrote the shit...smh!
LMFAOO I'm cracking up :D
Oh, I am excited to have you following me, I hope to see your tweets and what you are doing,it's been so long since Miami Vice
New York would love to ship you some snow.
Though I think he would have fit just fine, given recent form.
good!! Now that I am with my sweet #jimmyjgirls ;) haha how are YOU!?
I need to be hookin up with more latino chicks.
27 days until coffee at Kudu. 27 days until the opening of The Elephant in My Closet 27 days until
Got my a machines on the table, got my b machines in the drawer.
Big & Tall sale this week only! 20% off 2XL CGTP Metropolitan tee, CCH Sid tee, and EQIL Dash and Gianni tees! Promo code bigandtall
polls don't win election.they should do polls in the InnerCity as well to hear our views.
Guth, Annie, Bret, Mike and Gordon are running great ! 6:30 pace for most, running 9 minutes ahead of schedule now.
Well this day turned out to suck and I am not looking forward to school tomorrow
how is yo day
: thanks for the follow. I am a prostate cancer survivor.
2 innings 2 lead off doubles
will be delivered as a service via #cloud. First use case healthcare at my insurance co. hum. Hope it works!
please hurry with Mac version, my Mac is useless without PhraseExpress
Go buy another round and its all on me, as long as I'm around, put it down on me!
I do love wedding shows, but I still don't get David Tutera-he's better than Barbara Walters at getting the tears...
so whats everyones favorite brand of milk
AP Euro test is in 12 days. We're not even to WWI yet.
Thank goodness only a couple days!
Interesting #49ers met w/ Peyton Manning.. I called them darkhorse landing spot once saga began. Would be huge upgrade if he's healthy.
Actually, I am. Just found out from you!
Watching First Kick on #KSMO #SportingKC vs Vancouver tonight.
Beka& the Gin Hall Hustlers - Great country band, give em a try. We're giving full support.10/10 from us." Hannah, Country Musicxxx
the anonymous effort..
Great point, and thanks!!
yes she is! Her parents Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson are hysterical!
Thank you! You're leaving Friday right?
Good question... RT : wonder what we are going to do when inflation kicks in and drives oil to 150 again
Good A.M. everybody!! Have a wonderful Wednesday! :-)
Bumped into the new mayor during lunch today. Almost literally; the sidewalk on commerce is narrow!
Buffett at Alpine is announced is announced, about dang time. better start planning, 08/25 is right around the corner...
No hit perfect game today
Good morning Thanks for following! Welcome to Twitter!
I feel so horrible that you have physiology left. I've had enough of the body systems for one day. Your life sucks :(
thanks for the follow and following back
Some working moms are taking less maternity leave. Recent survey found 1 in 10 moms took just two weeks or less! More at 12
Hi Lisa, back from #140mtl...when can we talk #SeeSaw? Would love to give you a guided tour!
Theres This Curly Hair Dude At The Gym! :D Ah remind Me Of Harry (:
I Love When Guys Step Up Nd Say Dats Dey Baby.,!
Dry Cry..
And I don't trust OKC against the Lakers.
I second the T-Mobile vote.
Your day sounds Tres Fun - Hope you retailed/ran/spa'd your way to nervana!
#1omf is something serious..
thank you ^^
no! we just rep some of the nominees :) how are you?!
When you don't need to give your lunch card to the lunch lady because you go to her line all the time
It took me 35 minutes to eat one protein bar.
sorry havnt been on twitter that much ill follow you all back later (y)
Writers everywhere owe a great debt of gratitude. Thanks for everything that you do!
Ok. I should have known it was someone in the band. Lol
I wish it was the championship game!
oh that friend 😉😍
Ask, and you shall receive: And Willie, for what it's worth, I'm happy to provide feedback re: copy.
Got Spring hating on me & I ain't even sprung -Wayne #PunchLines&Subliminals
The are looking to hire a web manager to help develop and edit online content. Visit the booth for more info!
Sometimes I really wish life came with a manual. At least then I'd have the choice whether or not I wanted to read it.
After a bad season in the #NFL, the two most popular people on any team will always be the next #headcoach and the backup
We are each planted to eventually produce something that is bigger and greater than us . . . What are you producing?
#manxfootball Congratulations to IOM National team. Great match!
My favorite Davy Jones memory is when I had to persuade him to sing at a high school dance.
Wow! What a comeback
what up... I'm bored to... What's the topic of the day
Our Newsletter has been sent out! Would LOVE to hear your feedback on today's Newsletter!
I wish I were cooking.
man if i need a 3 for 50 u gon
yes. it is. are you working on an infosec startup? cc:
New season of My Babysitter's a Vampire!? Yes! I love Benny (: I think that's his name (:
Ever wondered how we buy, trade, or sell you clothes? Click on our "About" link to find out more info!
How's about you make me?!
justin didnt get to go to prom cause hes homeschooled BBY I CAN TAKE YOU TO MY PROM IN 2015 IS THAT IGHT WICHU? HOLLA @ ME OK
RT : Cancer or Pisces. People should appreciate them more : Which sign get screwed over the most in relationships?
Good Monday morning! Great day to let us help with your screen print separations, design needs & digitizing...we also offer oversize films..
loving the show ladies Godtv Congrats!
watching "into the woods" on netflix. i remember watching this show on tv w my mom when i was little. it came on once every 10yrs
I better get my chicken and spaghetti too
Toby Keith's performance on the CMAs >>>>>> haha, that was the
doesn't like me :( I'm glad and do.
GetGlue has betrayed me for the last time!
Today is my sisters birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEANI!!!
Why is it when I see the Nuggets I think of Blubber Nuggets from Fairly Odd Parents? Lmao
if you moved, who is the yelp sd person now?
Its official! I submitted my final paper for seminary! On april 28th I will walk with my Masters of Divinity (M.Div)!!!
“: Got my friends in Seattle hooked on #NorthernRednecks” We're all family.
Yellow gatorades are a lifesaver
Productive day thus far. Not bad.
Tomorrow it's on at 57 West. All Star Weekend Finale From 3pm-4am. Myself and DJ Brooklyn will be in the mix!!!! Lock In Lets Go!!!!
Really happy they just let me sign the bar
Just took the most amazing shower of my LIFE😍
“Like” this post for a chance to win A FREE SET of Regular Rain-X Wiper Blades valued at $28 (winner will be chosen at random)
i said when not where honey badger :)
P.S. I'm a big fan and have almost all your books (missing Body of Martin Aguilera, which I've given up hope of finding)
who's gettin married?
2 months until Peru!!
It goes without saying this is tragic and disgusting! Unfortunately Iran has a history of executing gays with no end in sight.
So far 2012 has brought 60 degrees or higher 12 times to Sea-Tac! (last year same time: only twice)
great!! save travels!!! :)
Fact: the residents of Ward8 get to pick who represents them. Sorry this offends.
Finally got my iPod back!!
good night & god bless may many blessings come your way always to u & ur loved ones ;)
Writing labels based on visitor curiosities, perceptions- great idea not often implemented
Shonda Rhymes is a genius and Sara Ramirez has vocal chords of steel.
OH "This site is so not optimized for mobile! FUCK!"
Umpires in regular uniforms? Not throwback jackets-and-ties? Come on MLB. Kind of weak...
I don't like you.
four papers written, now a test to study for and a speech to memorize. yaaaay for insane weeks...
oh, harder.
Nice to meet you today! In real life finally!
buell ;) motorbike burnout
Great show by and Slide at in # Chicago last night. Great traditional #Celtic #Music!
After Empire Records, this might be my second favorite soundtrack.
Been watching a ton of RG3 tape and coming away very impressed with Kendall Wright. Don't let poor 40 time fool you, he can ball.
I also wrote a paper in college on The Death of Atemio Cruz
Nuttin just work in world history class.
Goodnight sexy ;)
nigga u ain't the queen of England!
Ever raced the Milwaukee mile.
The guy on the elevator just farted & is acting like he didn't. Say oops or sorry 4 making me feel like I just rode the elevator to hell
Cracky on muni said he's gonna take a crap on the floor if they don't open the doors. I hope he doesn't.
yeah mang you'll be all good stay focused and dig deep
Virtue is insufficient temptation. ~ George Bernard Shaw
always nice to meet a
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that pisses u off all the time, but ya'll still kick it.
On my way to the Ball with Ann Hathaway among the performers... Will get back to you all later tonight!
Wow look at you miss critic... Honestly I only think about four or five singers can actually win this things
Also, being ignored is another one of my pet peeves.
And by dark addiction, I mean that you thrill the parts of my personality I pretend aren't there.
Um, like to be teacher or pharmacist. But, what im trying to say is what do you see yourself doing in the future? :)
Welcome to twitter!! :)
If you have the time to tweet or update your status, use the time to tell your girl 'hey' or that you love her.
Only ended up waiting 40 minutes for the IRS to answer... #LostCheck?
ok...so can we agree that these are the best pacemate outfits of the series?
Ahh the suns out ! So in the mood to just sip on some margaritas!
Love that you're watching AND using our #! RT Let's go Wolves! The whole family is watching in San Fran!!!
Just touchdown at to watch my 42-0 MONEY TEAM..... RETAIN THE GOLD!!!!! ALL BETS ARE FINAL!!!
Mother-daughter lunch :-)
journalism...fun
Bet, we gon' talk..
mine was great what about yours beautiful
haha why the hell are you wearing a shirt while you swim?
Your #parents are probably
Apps! Thoughts? RT : had posited apps earlier as a possible bridge but we didn't discuss.
My thoughts exactly.
Had a nightmare last night that I was responsible for the software on your non-TiVo DVR.
Thanks to everyone that took part in our live feed last night. It was a lot of fun chatting. We hope you like how the new song turned out.
John Ruskin~ When love and skill work together expect a masterpiece.
#FF These companies & BOSSes! I love them. You will too.
lookin good! Oops I meant Michelle not you LOL!
4. CQ Today/CQ.com article on Senate Intel panel approval of NCTC director despite GOP Gitmo objections (+intelauth Gitmo provision rundown)
RT : At the store I asked for 50 condoms. 2 girls behind me started giggling. I turned around, looked them in the eyes a ...
On a scale from 1-10 how gay is this guy?
Many thanks for your RT.
I wish my grades smoked weed so they would get higher.
Do you have a comprehensive marketing campaign via print, web, audio & video as well as emerging mobile and interactive media technologies?
RT : Call for Writers: Childhood, Fatherhood and Play - Eric Henney invites fathers to write about the role of free play...
Collins said not having to play "gut busting" last 2 games helps as well, but anticipating Sat afternoon tip on short turnaround vs
ugh iloved ny when i went, all it does is rain here blahh its so boring
You must be so proud. His work saved countless lives. Thanks for sharing.
Price Waterhouse just arrived on red carpet. A pantsuit and rented tuxedos. Really? Really??
I feel like I've been dead for three days.
I know!
Well we love you so of course were gonna trend
more den enough lol
Hi Swanee, thanks for the follow. Magdalena
If U missed the killer show 2Nite, U have 2 more chances this wkend..Marysville-Friday..Seattle @ the HardRockCafe -Saturday
#museweb Jules, it does seem that would be the best of worlds. Involve the different depts rather than one person responsible for the whole
is there a "which tab is currently playing audio" plugin for chrome?
maybe. sort of. but then. I remember.
I hated Blair at first, but def B > S now.
I don't think I'm doing it right.
JoeJonasIsPERFECT is trending WORLDWIDE! I wonder if has noticed...
LinkedIn: "Your headline should say who you are without reading your profile." -
want to work on a short film in VA. during a weekend in May? Let me know.
good morning #Bestie! I miss your face;-) hope all is going well!! Gotta go in to work again from 5pm to 2am
brianna husband gone be like hurry the fuck out the bathroom doinn yo hair u been in there for 3 fuckinn hourss bre gone be like shut tf up
hardly upstaged! I'm just loud, to the chagrin of many! ;)
SF press box is awesome and almost directly behind HP, which also makes it a bit treacherous for foul balls
I feel like there should be a rule that a gloomy Monday morning means you get to go back to bed and start your day at noon.
Dude, can't stand Ed Hardy. Even worse are the rhinestone tees with the matching hat and sneakers.
Trying teach myself a new Decemberists song on the guitar. "I was meant for the stage"...
Do you have a publicist/agent/manager I can talk to for a potential branded op? Let me know, thanks!
RT HyundaiNowTest Hyundai Sonata makes the list of top-selling cars and trucks in the U.S. in August! Check it out at: apne.ws/oxYOSK.
9 more days...
A glorious monday! just had the strangest audition ever--more like an open mike than a regular audition!
Had a blast! See ya Wednesday ;)
Well.. Its that time again. I need someone to suggest some new #books for me. Im out of #reading material.
“: Can't wait for the reds game tomorrow” can't wait to see you :$
u awake beez
nope, just extremely turned on seeing at 800 times his actual size. :)
something I can help with?
#FF The Best fans ever!
If Anybody Need Any Beats Hmu.. I'll Give You A Reasonable Price!
OMG Madonna rocks the world
I promise I'm not always that predictable in my tweets!
I WISH I COULD SING AT MY DESK!!! Bobbing my head & tapping my foot just isn't cutting it today.
Holy shit, I haven't smoked in two days!
Nothing like 3-game losing streak to remind oneself that media overuses term 'must win' like Worrell does 'cold blooded'.
Fraunhofer Institutes as example of good policy--connecting PhD students to manufacturing floor
Yes, please! -> RT : Anyone interested in a #cpd23 map? I was thinking of setting one up so we can see where everyone is
Hungry but there is no food here. Being pregnant and hungry is not a good combination...i soo hope I get one of these jobs. Tired man :(
Walking in LA at night w/ cat food in one hand and litter in the other is a great way to guarentee safety.
five star notebooks and trapper keepers were so #cool10yearsago that I want to buy one right now out of respect
O shittt what a fucking fight this is boxing!!!!!!!!!!
Between UT, Paris, Mexico, Afghanistan, N. Korea, and NY under tornado threat, kinda hard to concentrate on classwork!
going over the latest BIRP playlist.
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to my marvelous Twitter & FB family.
The robot who managed the bodies in the Matrix was probably called the human resources director.
This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for "The Wired World of Sports" ... topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ...
I've spent the last 3 days judiciously unfollowing everyone who posts anything political, and all the "comedians" I was following...
Balancing personal and professional selves online can be a struggle.
#WeLoveLilKim typo! loved
Shipping update: If you ordered before May 1 and have not yet received your , check your e-mail this weekend for your tracking #!
I'm feeling real good
A Few More Bank Security Questions via
Some of the #FANmily is still watching basketball in the Northwest: FTW. But we can still cheer on
You one too?
I'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you. SQUEEEE!!! Go Le!!! Go Clare!!!
Is this in the UK?
I dont think the #Packers uni's changed one thread. Even the waist of the pants is the same, all other teams have different pants.
insta regret how am I going to bear being by other people!
Not if the Badgers D keeps blowing coverage's......pathetic!
glad I'm not helping you move, Justin.
Just finished taking the Ralph Kimball ETL data warehousing Architect class. Have wanted to do it for years.
Better? O. More guests, I'm guessing. You could do a trust walk; play truth or dare?
DC Friends! To ! Cheers to gainful employment!
Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures.
hi -- who had the purple hair and looked like one of the watchmen? Katy Perry?
just gave a tour to the founders. cool people & great service for Austinites looking for an alternative to standard taxis
el paso, texas
-someone should put out a translated version
Was it your work email?
Working on an important #YouTown App update scheduled for next week
How are you?! I barely see my favorite underclassman anymore! D,:
If I thought individual awards should be given, Masch is my defender of the season.
Dep. on your experience, GMAT/GRE may or may not be req'd. Have you spoken to your program manager? That's who can tell you for sure
that's good man.....i got a fam from Def Jam that's tryna get me in it...he a promoter...so I'm just waitin....
thanks for the follow! we were JUST talking about you with our friends at =) be in touch soon!
If you're wasting your time talking to me, why waste your time talking about me bitch.
You'll cash a serious ticket if you are.
Thanks. Now sitting on my iPad bookshelf alongside The Unhealthy Truth, Why We Get Fat and Primal Blueprint ;)
On the personal level, I seek out the person and try to hash it out one-on-one. Again, professional but not taking any BS.
Faith not just believing that God can its knowing that he will
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig (concert).
just an FYI saw you coming in late, thanks for joining us
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Bitch just said "you can't give the ten bonus points to the hippies who don't know shit" clearly us hippies know shit if we won the points
Bikemore will be at the Downtown Partnership's CYCLE PLAZA event today, 5-7! Charles Center Plaza. Come say hi!
#healthtip: Listening 2 a song that inspires you within the 1st moments of waking up each morning will help get ur day off 2 a good start
"Thou shalt get a free coffee with a purchase of a donut." Frank 7:11
Happy Birthday Ms. Oprah! xoxoxo
Relaxing and watching the White Sox game
It will be a BIG PARTY! Cant wait.
Yes! Standalone Alpha lets me re-order components of multi-item citations! This is life-changing...
it's because you are to young
80 on my first test!! Good day
": #ToughLove casting Boston women! For more info email "
I adore this girl. She makes my day. 
OH HAI ROB
u aint following me
Notable Birthdays: Bill Macy, Jack Whitaker, RObert Morse, Dwayne Hickman, Brooks Robinson, Albert Hammond.
Although I appreciate free food, someone needs to make me stop eating it
Much love! RT : Shouts to and you brought out Palm Springs, Riverside, LA, Vegas.
I had no idea there was such a passionate Studio 60 fanbase.
Los Angeles says #HelloJenCoolidge we missed you!!!!
ITS SHOWTIME AND DA SPOTLITE ON ME BABY...OK WELL NOT JUST ME BUT ILL B IN IT TOO LOL 142ND CHICAGO ROAD CLUB ANGELS...COME N CHECK US OUT
I bet you will black out and tweet it
thanks so much for the bday wishes! :)
we hav a problem
damn you telling them
Thanks for the RT!
Using permanent #Sharpie for #AAU tourney entrance receipt #YoureKillinMeSmalls!
Let's go Twitter Universe
I think it's a great achievement when an artist that was unknown 2 n e 1 in the us 2 yrs ago wins 2 highly converted
I just realized what song was in my head ..... fuck ....
I defy them!!!!! Who are they? That they says u can't be famous ,let's fight them and join me and watch me do it
Wow this nigka loaded the bases tho
Today's Special!!!! Buy a gram get one half off until 7pm on 03.16.11
good idea.
Happy Saturday :)
Very cool! RT Have you ever seen a dolphin in the wild? What about a pink dolphin? Just spotted one today on the Amazonas!
Jealous! I just finished Day 2...
come into the gym and train while your in
heavily invested. i put my all in it.. i hope i get the harvest iam looking for. or reward. what ever you want to call it
Yep its Friday!!! ^_^
Lol I have gray hairs too! Some people like it lol. Much, my body was just tired. No ma'am, thank goodness haha.
I be rap'n this song on coach Carter like I made it. LMAOO!!!!
if starks is hurt, i'm going to lose it.
Future newspaper headline might be: "U.S. Downgrades Standard & Poors Employees to Second-Class Citizens"
You in town?
saw that this morning too, dope interview.
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
We are really looking forward to participating in the Golf Tournament next week. Fingers crossed the rain stays away!
I am high on humor. Producer Bill humor. ;)
Aww..... Poor little brother has to use State bonds...boo fucking hoo
Do the gutless Koch brothers have the balls to debate ? At two-against-one she has them so outnumbered...
Can't believe it's 12/18. I still need to buy xmas gifts. If it weren't for football being on, I'd get right on that.
You are welcome!
but isn't it a square, and missing geo/meta data?
What is the most challenging thing you've done this year. Please share?
it's nothing! I have that info on deck like a boat.
Your so interesting
Excellent point Rich. You always dig into the data! I also see (hope?!) for unique outside-of-the-curve growth for SD market.
Let's have a pizza party when I'm no longer eating pieces of lettuce for lunch! ;) RT : Love Seeing on #Friday!!
Too bad, he's funny on late night TV. MT : has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
easy... Quickie from prince
you shut the audience down let them know you the baddest and nobody can shut you up
It's great! I'm so glad and blessed to be studying PR at !
I know, right!! Going to road trip one of these days! :)
: Hopefully I see u in Vegas brother....
patches either needs to stop hurting himself or stop getting pissy when I try to take care of himm
What a beautiful morning! Coffee on the patio. Work in the garden to begin shortly. The blooms are exceptional this season.
Hahaha lol i love this =D
oh snap! Guess I gotta rsvp now too, lol
Thanks for the follow & great meeting you on Thursday! You are very sweet :)
lyrically i think i am not the best, but look at the rest. dope shit comes out to be the next number one hit.
#fiestafriday!! turn you radio up!! is mixing live from at 10pm stream online www.power983fm.com RT
I can't see what those symbols are.
Everything is so much more difficult when you're on your own, I don't know how single parents do it
try up do twists
money does matter, to an extent. personally a 10 min walking commute is worth $10,000/yr to me.
Spend #FirstNightAkron with us at 8-10. We're encoring animation fest winner Luminaris + Akron-area docs from Mika Johnson.
The Rave Milwaukee I'll be there just to see what's all the hype bout his live show. I'll film it as long as I aint rollin face.
Chris ur on plz plz follow me nobody is really on so plz follow me it's would make me so happy
he was! He just everywhere I think did good!
This bitch smell like Mayfair Mall food court bathrooms
Ayo he is ill
Ohana is getting a lot of mentions in my question about favorite Belltown Seattle Happy Hour. Gotta go check that one out.
no tweets from you is good to me. Means ur in the lab working on new tracks for US FANS
Thanks everyone for coming out and supporting us. Have a great weekend
I hate wen mf's wake me up
Oasis moved?
Sick to my stomach 😖
The #BWParty is a little slice of Paris in Baltimore! C'est magnifique!!
Ask TODAY about a SANTA BAG, they're full of goodies for an amazingly low price!!!
I tried to explain that to Happy almost weekend to you too! Give washDC a big hug for me. I miss it so much!
vertical. #CraftBeer isn't like wine and this way any sediment stays on the bottom
hey! thanks so much for following, dangerfield is awesome! <3 if you havent, you should definitely checkout !
Gonna be quite a mess if the wobbling big banks melt down right while the demonstrators are occupying Wall Street. Would be like checkmate.
At chipotle. asks if they have horchata. Response: "who?" cc:
Had the sweetest wicked hot customer in the store earlier today -- she grabbed cut off top and shorts for her Miami trip! SPRING BREAK!
ooh, you'll like mine, too. Let's make a date.
yea but their performance levels were not as high as theirs :/ but I seriously don't want none of them to go home :(
I can not wait to see you either! I will definitely hit you up before hand! :)
Tomorrow's going to be hard. /:
it means cute Kayla! Stupid-_-
Yoo-hoooo! #350. It's a great place to be!
I was doing that since you were still in your daddys jewels homeboy... Lol see you tomorrow punk :)
Setting the foundation for growth and prosperity. Brick by Brick!
i been good how you ?
It's all fun and games until it comes smacking you in the face...so stop pretending.
YUP. I'm smack-dab between USD and the riverbed.
Why weird? What would you suggest? I like it, but then, I thought of it. :)
Hi - I'd love a "what I've read' feature. I'd love to be able to reference it later.
Working things out for new adventur, just stopping thru...What's up Ms Kitty of the City :-) I am doing it Dove Style...lol
Chapter 2012 Page 118 “There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred...there is no torrent like greed.” Gautama
In a Nonprofit Seminar with Lesson: to establish a business line of credit you need 2 years in biz.
Women can me so complicated at times smh!
I'm officially a commandeuse de Bordeaux. I get to order bottles around...
OH: O-Town (the actual music).
Officially qualified as a toothless old fuck.
awe ur making me cry cuz ur in so much pain :'(
My "friends" from Facebook are finding my Instagram -__- Next they'll find my Twitter D: How can this be?
Bases on these #likeableu tweets, it seems like our girl killed it this morning...
haha and worst of all…it's really catchy!
hoping there will be decent waves to surf this weekend.
The Arizona State Fair is featuring deep fried gravy, a captain crunch hamburger, and carmel cream bacon donuts! Which one would you try?
# liven life loving it to <3
Shout out to my boy for getting me another shiny trophy in the tournament today!
Thanks for the mention!
Just read a great script and finished scoring a very cool video project. I love my job!
Its a good idea to have the 'eccentric' vy on nfln?
Look at you, wearing your "Fist me pumps"
Honestly I just don't care.
im going to go stalk your pictures now ... 
where are our seats?
yea!!! Thanks!
#icantwaitfor summer to be here!
no cameras = dress how you like...but I still try to look HALF-way decent.
if she let's me lol. They r of my best friend. I been taking pics for a while =)
Get it poppin like Kentucky on derby. Ya heard me
Stuck watching a Kardasian's marathon and surprised by the ultimate stupidity and immaturity that I'm witnessing
NBA - Clippers Griffen has broken kneecap, out "weeks"
The world is ours<3
sounds awesome!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
just call and recruit him. just don't let him cut his hand
Braids are back! Check out some cool new ways to wear this trend for Fall. Do you have a favorite?
The difference between us and them....well, we have Raw Talent...the mixtape coming soon
it was probably because of that insane profile pic you had up there
Life is constantly changing and we are always changing, too. That is a good thing. We need to embrace change and grow in the process.
does any1 know how 2 writer a resume for twitter?
Hi Bradley - what level of play are you looking for?
Pyro Productions will be honoring our one year anniversary on Tuesday August 24. Stay posted for info regarding a celebration show!
I think our house does too!
At work watching world star hiphop... Shrug it's Friday
Just committed to #30daysofbiking. During the month of April, definitely riding every day and I'll report about it here.
Where is Katie going to college?
#omg #tvd was amazing. I cant wait till thursday!!!!
I need a nap before work and its to late fml -_-
No scenery left to digest after Kevin Spacey finished Richard I at BAM tonight.
Yes we did find love in a hopeless place Rihanna. See you Tuesday night for dinner
Just found out our client did his first presention and closed 43percent
It's not new jersey it's bryzgalov
the morning coffee
What's you favorite reason?
what r u talking about!?
Tables turned again And you my friend Facing the other way And I'm turned and my back to you again But you know I got to say...
": I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me."- don't you got a man
Can't wait for fall tv to start back up ! I miss my shows.
an you please follow mee :(
I freaking LOVE the smell of freshly mowed grass.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily. You're the only one who can do it permanently.s
Today in the Chi is going to be #hot #hot #hot!
Thanks <3 I hope you are really well!
My ears are burning.
9-9-9 was my first Newt is only one left
hahaha oh geez
Never eat a whole carton of cherries at once...even though it may be delicious! :O
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Henry David Thoreau
what's good Holmes !!!!
Gearing up to see Did You Mean Australia tonight!
Night XP
Lemme hop in this shower n cool off. Smfh
Sleep last night was not really happening for me
- I'm going to work like Kool Moe Dee on right now...12-3pm PT. Like your taste in music!
I'm starting to use British slang! lol
fair enough :) I am a writer. Be warned, sometimes all I tweet are writing links ... :)
Savings Tip -Turn off the tap when brushing your teeth. Keeping it running can waste around 6 litres per minute
its impossible to ever predict what the Browns will do lol but I hope that happens
Manny Ramirez is retiring from baseball amidst more questions about possible substance abuse. Breaking News coverage on
How is it Obama can tell his DOJ he will not enforce the Defense of Marriage Act, at same time saying has to crack down on Med Marijuana?
principles constantly change.
Organize and execute around priorities. Time management is a misnomer--the challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves.
“: Im bored..Q&A time! Ask away tweedos” What's your best remedy for a hangover?
You can make it! It'll be worth it once you get here :)
I just got owned on my hill run by a woman pushing a 3 year old in a stroller.
she's a devil :/
Happy birthday, Carolyn Cassady!
saw a rainbow on the way to work this morning. happy thursday.
My idiot neighbor passed out while watching a DVD for the emotionally stunted. This loop of slack jawed menu music could bend space-time.
and Nyjer doesn't? Lol easy. It's one game, between two bad teams.
Forecast: tonight: mostly clear, low of 54. Thursday: Mostly Sunny, high of 84. Dry and warm weekend.
Just woke up o.o
I hope the Spurs lose so my best friend can get off work and party with me!!
I know my soul connected me to you I feel so safe when i'm alone with you
I've never looked forward to a teacher evaluation as much I do for this calc class today
lol , why you say that ?
I wish we got along better, but that's the way it goes. I need to be able to look in the mirror..
Seems right to me.
Going to see Ben Silbermann co-founder of Pinterest speak at a #SxSW keynote! Super excited!
wins 9-7 over and will advance to the
I know Dareus is funny too!
wow killin one of your two boys..thats cold!
Look forward to joining the #fitblog twitter chat tomorrow night. Will you be there?
i started noticing it a lot in sports broadcasts/interviews, which is definitely a brand of corporate speak
There is an explosion of queen Anne's lace on the side of the road. As if it is mid-July.
I expected they'd fix the problem with the months before STEP...too much to ask?
"The boss does not get to tell us whether or not we are a union." -Sukari Pinnock-Fitts TSA (Are you listening ?)
Last day of Snow White auditions. This being Pittsburgh, we may have to rename it 'Slush Gray.'
Had a SPECTACULAR time ! It's a terrific event, and I'm already looking forward to next year!
it's amazing for those sudden late night cravings
Remember we are open until 11pm on Friday & Saturday!
congratulations! Did she leave anything good for you. Lol. How long did your closing take
"You need personal habits to give you resilience" leadership lesson from Bill George at World Biz Forum
Jeffrees on the radio!
got a secret note, ate it, thought "am i too hardcore for this world"
I didn't receive an e-mail from you. Can you send it to another e-mail? I will direct message the e-mail address to you.
#oneday when I am super rich I will pay an Irish man to read me bedtime stories. So #sexy and
How many horses have to collapse on the street or die, worked to death? enough! Ban horse-drawn carriages in NYC! Support the STATE BILL!
After going to Best Buy, Radioshack,& the Mac Store tonight I still have not solved my technical problems. Ugh.
Nielson with the save of the week
Will I go to SXSW next year? Depends on if I want to go to a tech or a media conference. Tech has become media & SXSW is a true reflection.
I feel so accomplished been doing homework for over an hour.
hell no I'm not with that
Some of my most detailed systems design work is done on the BART ride home.
Ay I feel embarrassed now, was 2 focused on the Brewers/Cubs game & saw that tweet & failed to take your tweet in jest. Sorry!
First scratch vocal down. Woo hoo!
Oh okay...phew! I was like, say whaa? lol
yes I am in lecture hall
Not just bothered! Ok for game series then shld come down. Worse yet! It takes away from #tonygwynn statue. BOO!
Aw thank you everyone! I have 100 #followers ! :)<3
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. Mark Twain (1835 - 1910
I'm excited to see it!
Make sure you kids get to enjoy the outdoors this summer!
Yay 500 followers! We know it's a small feat but we're excited! We'll tweet the GIVEAWAY shortly!! Another GIVEAWAY @ 1000 followers!
tell me what you're thinking, tell me a lie*
pleasssssseeeeee wish my friend a happy birthday
nice... well roll on next year then
Just bought tanning lotion hella tan :)
MT Don't forget, as institutional members, you and your colleagues at GMU have access to the interactive version.<awesome
your the one that i want ... why cant i be the one that you want :/
Didgeridoos are made from branches or the trunks of saplings of the stringy bark, woolleybutt eucalyptus, bamboo, or blood wood trees.
#madisonsmc #bandnerdandiknowit you can't not come. Its bacon night at at 9 pm so come and eat.
1 Glad to hear someone of your stature say it outloud. Thanks, Jack. Don't know you (of course), but you're a hero to me.
If you don't have time for me, I'm going to pretend like I don't have time for you.
Thanks again to my newest fans! :) #feelinthelove especially from you cock rockers
washed hands
So just got real. In the literal sense.
he's beyond gorgeous
If it's Breitbart's site, then you know it's true. Right RT :dems train each other on how to portray conservatives as racist.
miss you!
“: BLAKE GRIFFIN”. tell em!
thank you :D I made it ! :D
umm duh and its gonna bee on the beach! Lol and Pitbull what??
I love you and you were right to go after that bastard!! Your ejection was bull!
Oh shit. You alright, man?
I can do whatever I can think of see watch.. I think I am going to try in create design firm. Now sit back and watch me work...
Do you have a good showing for embroidered socks and cardigans, too?
awe thanks
yup have a good one bro
thinks of #AnthonyShadid as an anthropologist in another country which made him an influential journalist #uwethics tribute
Don't let anyone hold you down or steal your shine...The world needs you
no I do not have a nylon fetish whatever that is. and I did not type a single aggressive word. have a nice day
I am not a fan of your facebook page...but will be now. I'm new to this and didn't know you had one :)
I am following you now. :)
Taking it to the next level in 2012
I pictured you driving through Super Bowl Village in a gokart throwing turtle shells just now.
Some niggas are starting 2 act just like bitches. I promise
sleepy as f
Now or never
Hillary Duff Beer
i want to visit australia so bad, that would be amazing.
more more more please
how many did you have???
I Love You Too <3
where you headed to now?
Boo, you whores... I was out at dinner and missed it! Haha that brief quote-convo was great to come back to though
The news sucks!!
RT : In 2010, Forbes estimated Scrooge McDuck's net worth to be $33.5 billion. Good year for gold.
Breakfast cake!
Looking for something to do tonight? Watch the next three tweets!
I would say no, because it may be a dead link and then we couldn't verify the validity of the source.
Freewritten will be sick.
Keep tweets sent by your library to about 120 characters so they can be easily retweeted and passed on!
Classic college movie time
lmao where did you imagine I was from?
I know who is cheering for, but where does stand??
Still haven't eaten.. 😒
Or if you like you'll love see jane rock
did my evil twin offer a recitation in a parallel universe where he just screeches "WOMEN'S LANGUAGE! POWERLESS!" for 50 minutes every wk?
come through and burn this weeknd if your in town
Talent show practice. So nervous :(
Last day of class!!!
