If I type a bunch of f-bombs in a row, will I feel better? Or should I just turn off the #Brewers and go to bed? :(
That moment when you want to sucker punch the girl next to you cause you know their cheating off you
Alex has been asleep for 13 hours, that is gonna be one energetic kid today!
where will you be around 9:30am?
They didn't even put up a fight.
Thanks for the RT. I like your web page. The graphic design of each view of the woman is awesome. Take care.
are you taking reservations for Mother's Day Sunday brunch? also, your voice mailbox is full. thanks!
Peaceful Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
Heading to SF for #MPINCC !! Can't wait to see everyone ! San Diego CVB will be in booth 419, Stop by !!
I play I spy on college campuses.
Time to duck and cover! Wait to smoke outside till all the bullets fall back to ground!
loved it! Showed all my friends here in the USA :)
Planning the first annual Chicago Quiet Night house concert with ...stay tuned!
I think that I seriously have a crush on
Just read your interview with Filner. Nicely done under the circumstances of a conducting it in a moving vehicle!
very well than.
Owl City is so friggin' awesome,it's not even funny! ;)
ugh, please shout me out punk? (: lol
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Guerilla Marketing ★ Consulting
hoping kristin wiig wins for best screenplay for bridesmaids
come spend some time in Los Angeles. We do endlessly circling low-flying police choppers better than anyone.
Is this Barbra Walters on 60 min??
I need a purple kango i lost mine ugh!
but it is said we are without excuse when it comes to believing God. Look around. How can anyone say there isn't a God?
Hanging out on our boat with morning coffee is the best. Besides working its my favorite.
I Love <3
Kunitz, Cooke, and Staal!!!! Let's Go #Pens!
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart. #letseducate &
Thanks for having us
we had a burger today, but no brew!!
Cataloging folks- what is a good wiki option for cat dept with folks of varying tech skill levels? Has anyone implemented one?
At the dentist....blah
Tweeters don't have to say "Juuusstt Kiiddiinngg" after their tweets... People already assume it
#GoWildcats RT “: how's murray st. doing these days? Huh? Yeah, me neither.”
:( You are better off! You're strong don't let him break you down!
This "gooey" rice that my mom and sis prefer... Ew.
hahah thx I'm trying to comeover today if u wanna hang
u both realize Jordache and Bongo totally match, right??
I just <3 Wisconsin... ☺
So cool!!! Thanks so much for playing my music!
I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails.
Know your audience and customize the presentation to their needs. True for all training mediums.
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
Spring yet? Get a jump start by calling ur NM Pella Fella to take advantage of the new sale. 40% off installation. Call Jeff (505) 918-6339
I am really, no longer a club/party goer gheeshhhhh. It's like I have no urge to go clubbing anymore. From 18-21... Those were my party yrs
Thanks! Lets be honest our students rock! I hope I'm not to old for camp & that GINORMOUS Water slide!
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at. -Goethe
I'm just trying to use Twitter for good, not for evil.
Swear, if one more guy says ''I love you'' within the next month<<<<<<<<
So last night we were on the subway,so we started talking about how do strippers hang on the pole. And me no upper body strength Lmao
Q: Can u follow me plz plz plzzz im beggin for murcy haah anyway I luv u and i never been to any of ur concerts and Peace&Luv<3
#305Love all day
iight. remind me to do that in the morning
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you smile at every text they send you <3
My pleasure. That's the problem (and blessing) with #TCOT. We have work and families which take priority
You try to be nice & bitches fuck you over. They gonna see the real bitch act a damn fool. Ima be that bitch you hate 2day.
Dear god. 🙏 I got it alright... I can't even think straight right now.
#seniorshealth, OAA is crucial to senior health. Is #Obama committed to advocating for #OAA #reauthorization ?
Why can't Colin Firth host the #oscars?
“: Who did Hortford play for in college?” gators
yes please. So nice to catch up!
Do you do #spokenword or sing #karaoke? Come show us what you got TONIGHT @ iLounge - 1287 D Glenwood Ave - 7pm-10pm. Free parking & hookah
the jam
Thanks for including me in your daily.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.-"Denis Waitley"
Impressed seeing our disaster recovery plan in action last night. Way to go, Ops team!
Oh, just wait!
Ok #ROC when did the Orange Julius store leave ? More then 5 years ago right?
It was great meeting you on Friday, Sarah!! Good luck with your training for the Ironman!
I love you and your husband service!!! Moved to NC a few months ago and was looking for a home, I think I found it with WSF!!
Argh!!! I put sunscreen lotion in my hair instead of mousse - it's too early for a Sunday! ;P
I more mean, "Who can get the most signups!!!" types of contests. Uh isn't that our jobs ;)
killin it tonight!
Already starting that delicate dance where we attempt to camp NOWHERE near these idiots in front of us....
WOW!! have you seen who's ahead in votes for the restaurant makeover?
Just made it back from our last Missouri show night of the tour--the cat pee did not defeat us.
omg, what is this? hahahaha. and ASKJHASKJA TONIGHTS EPISODE I FKN CANT.
We just got them posted...tell your friends to vote for you!!
hahshahaha I have 4 of his movies hahaha! Those movies are just took much!!!
Now I know what white trash feels like everyday. I had to climb into a dumpster, today.
NOT THAT I'M JUDGING THAT OR ANYTHING.
The played like crap yesterday but at least there was an awesome new Restaurant Impossible last night. Thanks
my only problem is i got TOO MANY ideas for this arm so i never know what i really want
you really need to come visit me with mom and dad cause
Some things have just never happened to me before. It makes me wonder smh
I really need ppl to add me on Oovoo! How will I ever learn it? Get at me...dutchessceo1
Open today & tomorrow 10 am - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Gas is so expensive in California. This is nuts. Told my parents to get a Prius 3 years ago and they laughed.
Justin made the show.
Lol well it aint my fault he's annoying + not my type Hahaha.
LET'S GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! #RiseUp #jonnytee "Friday Night" June 5th King of BBW Night Clubs
what is we went the opposite direction on #OneUppedBands ? Novemberists, Lukewarmplay Silverfrapp, Sports Talk Radiohead
Sometimes the only one who can appreciate you, is you.
You have your own man and your own little family so why you steady blowing up my dude? That's right, you're a whore. Kick rocks bitch
& I did they didn't think it was as funny as I did lmao
Brrr!!!! It's getting colder! Have you bought a new coat yet? RT if you have!
There are no boundaries
OMG I would love it if he did. That would make the happiest girl in the world! :)
Happy Blueberry Pie Day! Yum my fave:)
The word #DIET does not necessarily mean eating less or eating things that do not taste good. DIET is how you eat.
Guest from Burgatory are featured on today's show! That means MILKSHAKES and BURGERS are featured on today's show! Stay tuned!!
heyy there stranger how have you been?
thank you so much for following >__<
Cannot wait for at and to catch up with tonight! Just what I need on this hump day.
Not enough Ellie Goulding in my life.
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
Maybe me ? Please ♥
Happy mothers day❤
Man is a real ass nigga he said he was ready to cock back on Bubba...lmfao
It's the #SundayMorningHangover on Talking Playoffs, Draft and Mark Lyons and recruiting with
are you sue? my jello shots are pretty damn hard to pass up :P
Teach me how ta dougie :D
Looking for strength...long day working and worrying about Dad. Another stay at the VA hope to know more soon.
haha well no matter how you found out, I'm glad u did! I'll hit u up when I'm in Lawrence!
I love you nose, even though we never see eachother!
Miss'n all of you! Dance Class next week!
Just wrapped up #TT with the elementary crew.. Rainy days definitely have an effect on the overall mood props to all teachers
not much, Im bored how bout u?
SANTORUM BEFORE'UM!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!! So thankful for everyone in my life right now! U all rock my world!
Friday - Fun Day. Working on projects! New Golf Website coming soon - and Troy Bassham has written a book, waiting on quotes for printing!
I am horrible with money Dx
Do you know your family's history? A friend recently learned his older cousin was imprisoned in Dachau for resisting the Nazis....
I will consider this US Open Cup experiment a success if I can pull 30 people to the match. Start small I figure
I'll text you.
A Badge of Courage makes a beautiful tree ornament and helps out a woman with breast cancer. Donate today!...
I changed all my passwords to "incorrect", that way my computer just tells me when I forget. Ha!
I love when people I've never met remember me.
you'd be too busy playing with yourself
Thanks for the tip. I'm looking forward to it
RT : Sea post clerk was considered a prestigious assignment. Titanic had 5 clerks, including Oscar Scott Woody.
We ate @ a Ali Baba last week for the first time & loved it!
I believe I'm in danger of becoming a good man
Jrhighers who are in a "relationship" &you cant stand to be away from them? Wait until you are older & actually have an idea of what love is
congrats ♥ :D
New behavioral attribute I am looking for more in top-notch #eyecare #job applicants is Patience. Patience=Compliments=More New Patients.
i bet you would,be one sexy llama ;)
You're so obnoxious
what's eversave?
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.-Cecil B. DeMille
Wow. You've never seemed that happy when you're working. :)
Still tired
can you please follow miss mimi pink please:)?
Join MLK Choir tonight at 8pm at Balboa Park's Spreckles Organ Pavilion to ring in the holiday season at December Nights!
Let her. She don't know what's up. RT : Oh shit. Swizz is talking shit! Like, ALWAYS!
You guys have absolutely no idea how much I'm looking forward to sitting on the couch tonight. No freaking idea.
around here the cats have more say in what furniture goes where than I do!
No pulse
Well, what do you like? Melodrama, romance, comedy, drama?
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
Thank you!
Tomorrow's almost here, get your sweetheart a gift certificate today! We have delicious Dark Chocolate facial that won't go to your thighs.
☼ No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut. Sam Rayburn
#4famouswords that's what she said
Hey check your
thanks ma <3
loved your article on Pilot season.
Browsing w myy new Nook Color which is also an android tablet. Pretty cool! Yogi likes it!
one week experiment: trying to create twitter addiction. can you handle it? will you care?
this twitter thing is gonna take a while to get used to.
Yes, yes, yes!
Don't fall for the latest fad diet. Eat a healthy diet w/ lean proteins, fresh fruits & veges & healthy whole grains. Consistency's the key!
And all in eastern & central time! :)
that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows :) that's a plus
That's what I said! They trippin. Lol! RT : A new season of ABDC started and no one told me? Smh
Good looking out, much love!!
The dang power's out...I want my ceiling fan on :/
loll I have the same name as u! #RandomTweet my full name is eliana lmaoo
lol why do you need an excuse?
Hey there, girlie!
Zito vs. Zambrano tonight #Giants #Marlins let's go fish. Suck it
& congrats on your graduation!
i didnt leave, twitter spazzed out.
"Almost equal is not good enough" ... well said Tanya
omgg it really does
I’ve loved for a while. Good service, affordable, carbon neutral.
don't get lost on the way back to Wisconsin. Good luck
Did your yellow friends help make this tweet?
#cody who's the person you go to for dating advice?
#PlansForTheSummer < - - - #DominicanRepublic & go visit a friend from #Jamaica that I used to go to college with
Well 2 would be later this week...so let's hope it's 2. 4 would probably be lottery.
been chillin on my way to work
I hope kobe breaks his ankles... Lol
love your bio. isn't everyone just tryin to look cool in ray-bans. haha
What happened today??? #friday 13th
Wow @ #DRose draining that long 3.
I need someone to buy me a ipad today and I'll pay them back on June 31st.
thanks for the RT today!
Apparently "Carmageddon 2" is coming in the near future!
very sad. First tape I ever had was license to ill
Thank you for the RT!
#woftreats good advice
let a Mexican do it “: Gettin an oil change today just cause....”
It feels like Spring is in the air today.. because we are open today with our new Spring hours!
World Peace with the nice cheap elbow to the chin lol
- well way to go Astros! - any team that beats the Mets is okay :-) - hope there are some good games against the Cards -
Im so leavin this house
We're locked in for #sounddiego live w/ ! VIP hour presented by
Gosh I love shopping. I've been shopping online all weekend.
22% of physicians have an iPad
Keep it Moving; yeah yeah, to the K.I.M
My polo!!!
naw twitter doin some bullshit..when are you bringing your music thru?
Working on my next drum cover which will be Never Dead by Megadeth. This is a track off their upcoming new album. Awesome song!
Can u please follow me back!!!! :)
Just got a complaint about a story I wrote for almost *12 years ago*.
My cab driver just exchanged cabbie gang signs with another cab driver.
b-day celebration w/muh family(:
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO #RITZ2 x1
RT : I exist as I am, that is enough--Walt Whitman
Thanks for coming out. It was a great time and look forward to you being at the next one!
Boulder-bound bus now back in Broomfield. US36 closed apparently. Well, now we're back on 36.
Thanks 4 following me Karina ! I am following U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
Putting in that werk...
Thank goodness for America airing old episodes of - just the right amount of LOL moments to relax us
ALEX IS AMAZING NEEDS TO GO HIGHER!!
Email, mobile & socialmedia go hand-in-hand. Optimizing your email for mobile & social can give your business 42% growth in email & social.
need more fans/followers? follow me & tweet me and I'll be happy to help. I have over 9K+ followers :) ♥
i guess we not talking tonight ;/
Only 16 more days to Fashion's Night Out!! Stay tuned to all the latest news and events www.fashionsnightout.com and follow
BC u have guilty feet = got no rythm
I love The Real Housewives but I can't deal with these OC bitches, not a one of them.
holy crap. Ew.
A thank-you to the panelists, and we're done!
Ready for #FF -- great peeps to follow
hey nick can you follow me please man
thanks so much for the great article!
Schools almost over & I get a huge pimple. Great 😒
birthday pizza at ellas
It's disgusting to see 1st Growth Bordeaux on wine menu that's 5 yrs old, selling for huge $, but should not be drunk for 15 yrs!
it was on disney jr.
nah cuz I live in midtown
In-store special all this week - socks, books and accessories are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE through Sat 12/10. Perfect stocking stuffers!
says the guy who didn't get out of district...
fun!: 1 HOUR TIL SHOWTIME! ** COLORS WEEK ** Wear Comedy Cafe colors (Red & Black) FREE ADMISSION to ANY SHOW TONIGHT(8 or 10)!
Happy Birthday to You!!
The smile on face when I surprised her with sunflowers >>>>>> Such a great feeling to make someone you love happy :)
Please tweet us pics of the merch u hav picked up on this tour! Would love to c the new tshirts! :)
looking forward to maxwell next year. Bring it on ladies and b/c we all know you will be living there
AJs vs QQ...no Ace...25% of stack gone!
"I thought Ed Davis made an 18 pt shot."-- SVG on the ovation for free pizza at the buzzer.
Watching lightning run across the sky.
At the whaler getting some drinks with warren
Don't worry, be happy.
:) got some biz to talk bout.hit me up soon RT ": hey cuzzo"
Liverpool tracking AZ midfielder Elm - report
you all should throw George another party next weekend too so I can come! :)
Doing an inventory of all mine and 's DVDs. Holy moly, we have a ton!
Successes of other cities w/ streetcars has been downplayed. #KCstreetcar = big investment. But what does #KC have to gain?
This person stopped talking to me cuz I didn't give their drunk ass a kiss. smh
: tahaa no promises.! =P
true that! clear eyes. cc:
He should know.
Here at my work....same place we did Max's bday party! It's going to be fun! The jeans are sizes 1-22 AND
If your dogs ever go missing, I recommend searching my apt...I'm not well. And they are so ridiculously cute
Here I go, have to admit I'm totally scared.
Hey guys, be sure and check out our single "Carnival" on our Facebook page or at myspace.com/everglenn! =)
Literally DYING over all these upfront pics. So jealous.
so sweet. Love those dancers.
I am so, so, excited! What's next?
TGIF and make it a double!
I heard your TXT read by www.DriveSafe.ly. I will get back to you soon.
Good morning to you too my friend! :)
Thanks for getting back to me.
Welcome boo! [;
Okay Friday I did miss you ...here's a big Rock Hug
All right, I've been hangin' at 799 followers for 2 days now & I can't hold my breath any longer! Help a girl out over THAT hump, will ya?
lol I have it in my room! It's been in the same spot for a month , lol I'm free tomorrow after practice, I'll txt you
Up at c & as about to perform
Good Morning! Not sure what I am going to do with myself today with no football on...
Thanks to for hosting the #ELIfocus learning analytics webinar! Beautiful setup here.
My final garden zucchini and some over ripe bananas, I see a bread coming together this cool foggy morning. . perfect!
The came to see my show today! he's awesome!
Wifi and fiber optics for downtown #Indy: A good idea that will generate city revenue. Do you agree? Call in to the show now: 317-736-0950
no problem and thank you as well! Drop us a tweet anytime!
If you don't know about you're missing out! So get to know and tell others too ;D
Today was all about good vibrations at Arrae Creative! RT if you had a good day :D
As much as I hate him, he's a legit journalist. I won't take that away from him.
I drive entirely too much.
Takes a lot of dedication and months to prepare for it. I'm sure everything is also mind control.
yeah but then you said "I'll follow you anywhere"
Any promoters or marketers around Boston need an event to hype, try AABP's #beerpong tournament tonight @ Hennessey's! 9pm. Msg me 4 info.
You have had too much dew I think.
Huge props to with the assist
I can't forget about that.
are you lost in the mirror ?
follow me...
Someone should shoot puck off your face. Injury is not funny.
I think you mean "word from the street walkers."
wth! Did u say anything to them?
I am trying to break your heart
So if I'm neighbors with lots of awesomeness will be near me.
cool :D I'm not really in Kansas I live in Missouri but like I'm right on the edge so ya lol
Going to usher on Friday for a Mexican beauty pageant. Conflicts of beauty apparently exist in every culture.
Last 2 picks have been reaches. could've got Weeden as our 3rd pick and Schwartz with our 4th.
I've just recently become brave enough to let go of the rules that have been pounded into me over the years. Feels good.
At least it wasn't replaced by salt...
So what did you think of the show? Sound issues will be fixed of course but my head size will unfortunately stay that same!
That awkward smell on the elevator that makes you wanna take the stairs.. :/
"Without You" Apache Chief (Feat. Denny Love) is now available on iTunes! Go get it!
I know, right? It's like someone shoots me with a shot of lethargy!
We're a customer of yours. Will you tell me about the GCC search tool?
Being loud is easy, learning how to listen is hard! Luckly I never do anything the easy way!
#royals pitcher Bruce Chen's 3 runs hels given up in the 1st are the result of the ump not giving him called strikes on the corners
Friday Night PARTY!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST! Message me for FREE ADMISSION! Open 'til 6am...
is there where you and the crew head to atlantic city and pull a casino heist? or are you saving it for Season 3?
r.i.p. macho man randy savage... :(
Meghan wants to hangout this weekend.
:') I'm so proud to be a part of this crazy family we call mahomies! Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love! :')
timeshEASY is a Time and Expense solution that is 100% focused on the Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting industries.
RT : giving a shout out on air to Culinary Local 226 while on radio
some of these girls i talk to are very wierd
Come on They lost 3 times no matter how close. SP lost to good teams and dropped. We have 7 shutouts out of 8 victories.
Purple menu and Amy X performing Saturday in Oakland. a few seats remain
There was a cricket in the office, sure there's one in my house now
I just blew out the electricity at with my funky music mix!
csu eastbay if everything pan out rite
Courtesty of: - "I might not have arrived yet, but at least I left...."
Saturday Night! 12/11 will be hitting It will be an awesome nights with an amazing afro peruvian dance band.
RT #Contest Update: RT and Follow for your chance to win the Grand Prize: #Porsche 911 Watch.
Orioles, they won't be around that long, Yankees will
If trouble is found in the likeness of her face, then my memories leave my mind bedlam...
I need a year long vacation 
awesome! If you could just DM me their # I'll set it up.
you have my ring! I guess you have to hangout with me now ;)
I know(: you don have one either(:
Back from the library after 3 hours... Call me nerd but it's one of my favorite places to go. :)
Just watched Kristen Arnold and Kile Hotchkiss in rehearsal, dancing so beautifully to my music-very excited about upcoming premiere at LPR!
Really pulling hard for you guys!!!!! Beat 'em!!!!!
Benedryl hangover. This stuff is powerful.
i get bored quick or you just not fucking interesting
Best.Sex.Ever. I think that's a soft porn on Cinemax. Either way, the monastery is closed until I open that thing the f up.
welcome to twitter
my greatest wish is to wake up one morning and to see that my tub has been re-grouted and re-caulked.
Planks, planks , planks!! work up to a holding a plank for a 90 seconds everyday, you'll see some results in 6 weeks
Clippers Knock off Grizzlies in Game 7
Grrr... Saw King Clawdus (sp??) once and now I can't find him anywhere. Anybody coming across Thundercats toys?
RT“: That video of the lady beating the baby <<< #HeartLess #Die”
Getting used to my new phone...so many menus
“He is the happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home”
WAIT...does #BUENAVIDA mean good living / good life?
Thanks for tweeting my story, Jon!
And look what happened to him. RT "...LA? That's just a parking lot where you buy a burger for the trip to SF" - John Lennon
yeah that's pretty much what happened 🐠👿
But 4real what is sweet water cornbread??
As happy as I am for Chuck Pagano - damn. Another quality coach leaves the nest.
I'd like someone to steal me one of those curly blonde children on the carpet...
Children's competitive ballet - talks with director Bess Kargman about her new doc Fascinating convo coming up
Cannot wait to see the look on Owens face when he sees our movie
Actually had productive meetings today. Who would have though it possible.
no problem :]
: Rushers! Tune into Nickelodeon NOW to see our brand new episode!
is a bully who punched me in the face and gave me a bloody nose. #rude :l
Hey sorry I fail I just found out I have something due by 4:30! I think I'm just going to attend one tomorrow...
My money is on, the last time Costner spoke to Whitney was at The Bodyguard premiere.
I think I just may
Interviewed an author pubbed by the house I used to edit for. So fun to talk about both sides of the book-creation process.
I did best friend. Did u???
Another day, another mass of braying morons to convey to their pointless destination.
thanks u too...sorry I'm so late
Also, the Burke-Gilman is H.O.T. today!
I think it's Durant time
Omg life is em em good
#IfYouKnowMeWell wait... you don't even have to know me well to know how much I love Ariana.
Texas road rage is fun to watch.
Measuring #sentiment by computing minimum net paths between focal word and 400 +/-sentiment words in texts New version of OptiComm software.
Holy crap that was to quick
"there is nothing to fear, but fear its self" You apparently never met my teacher
Sad to hear that MCA of #beastieboys passed away. He was a part of hip-hop's early success on radio. Licensed To Ill still one of my favs.
That is very intriguing, thanks for the share.
No wonder no one likes Philadelphia. They cheer when someone is hurt. Has that hamlet been relevant since the constitutional convention?
i don't hate Jelena, but i deffinetly don't love it.
Entrepreneurs Get To Do WTF They Want!
prolly not my favorite episode
If ur the last table at a resturant get the fuck up and finish ur convo at the bar
making a run on the self esteem bank.
Lol ": I Eat Her Ice Cream She Eat My Ice Cream Cone - Lil Wayne #WorstRapLineEver Fucking Trash !!!!!!"
I do indeed. I won't be at Cospace today, but I'll bring 'em by tomorrow.
Cause shes bittersweet, she knocks me off of my feet, and i cant help myself, i dont want anyone else....the click five- just the girl
Pok Pok NY: Living up to the hype.
- great seeing you last night!!
haha, nope. The world knows muahahaha. ;) The movie did justice to the book
Really enjoying the new Kindle Fire Santa brought. Any great books you suggest?
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!😃
Crew love
my friend sucks at #aoe and wants to get better! What do you suggest?
calendared and looking forward to it.
Running is not easy stuff. I miss being in shape.
I miss the sound of your voice <3
#fullalbum whole album Sixteen Stone now playing on stop by and turn it up.
I love my bed
Any boys going to be in Denver next week? Up for some steamy sex??
So sorry to hear. "May be interested..." is a cruel sentence.
Can't wait 2 catch up on it all Nate! Happy 4 u RT : Sad that I rarely tweet cuz this has been the most amazing times of my life
jus hit me too..
Join the at "IN THE MIX" May 17th, 2012! COME NETWORK! BUILD RELATIONSHIPS!
My sis keeps telling me I'm turning into a werewolf because I have been burning the fudge up since like... all the time. I think she's right
awww thank u!!!! <333 haha thats awesome well please tell ur friends about my stuff then!! and maybe grab the EP =P
Broncos will beat the Raiders Lakers Fans so Ha!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Jus made the best salad !
I always watch it in hopes that the winner will make it up here to Saratoga in August !! :)
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Best way to reach me is nick[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com
sir! You're here? Say hi:)
she needs to
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time.
Yea, I know. It's too bad that we aren't in Idaho at the correct time! What a shame! :(
Genius of love...
Watching paper soliders
It's new service...LI was just here last week to brief us on it. I think its launched!
Hahaha. Maybe a nice penthouse overlooking the park?
We don't need new political candidates, damn it!we need a new system. We need to flush the American "dream."
For Louisville people, the Phillies are treating the Nationals like DePaul day. Occupying stadium and expecting wins.
Man date! Off to see The Hunger Games with
Finally changed my bio :D
everyone should follow our tweets :D
#TEAM_FOLLOWBACK #FollowingBack #teamautofollow everyone! I need one more follower :>
I could go for a margarita or some kind of tasty drink....
ah! thank you!
Congrats on the #webby for best magazine!
You are one of few chefs that I'd go to battle with anywhere, anytime #believethat!
Yup. Still holding out hope!
We love our stickers. Thank you!
Idr that show ):
All it took was patience
thanks for coming today, hope you had fun!
Sesame street is so lame... I'm forced to watch it with my neice...
People often take my Kindness for Weakness ;; but im threw dealing with unnecessary issues
oh, sorry. B______.
I wish I could remember how the hell I ignored people before I owned a cell phone
#Thoughtoftheday: "Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yet"-Maya Angelou ...& this is why i do ME!
Pledged.Excited yet terrified at the same time. THANKS!! If you were close enough, I'd chuck at rock at your head.
Let's do this! RT : Join us today for HAPPY HOUR 5-8pm on South Beach! Music by - Check it:...
it's ok I understand
i just want to be happy
I get home and Jodie wants to watch "A Leap Frog's A Tad of Christmas Cheer." Why me? It is only April!
I hate you so much right now
The start the season this wkd! Win your tix to tomorrow's gm vs. and passes to our pregame tailgate this hr w/...
We need either less corruption or more chances to participate in it
Its Tuesday! $2.50 quartar lb All Beef, and All Beef Polish sausages! Try it with my Garlic Jalapeno Aioli and Chipotle, Fennel Catsup
not really man, but its about something somebody did wrong.
At ... come get some nachos! Biggest ones you have ever seen!
Hey every body go follow shes NEEDS the followers :]
I did and my syrup is from Vermont...simply the best
everything shitty always rolls my way :/
Finally getting to introduce my Chicago friend to ! At the Entry for Cave Singers. :)
apparently my mom is as old as barbie..
Bout to take it down
#NFL end the lockout now. that is all
On a celeb role today! Spotted: Bobby Moynihan from SNL, Zoe from How I Met Your Mother, Ann Nathan & Santino Fontana from !
Because they don't die by it or depend on it.
I got up and went for a 30 minutes walk this morning. I have been walking in the mornings for the last 3 weeks and I am addicated to it now.
here's a question for the unit, how does he get girls looking like a douche?
It's so nice outside :)
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
Can I cast them or what? I think they should hire me as casting director. lol :)
You very welcome!! We're so happy we brought sunshine to Bayview on this rainy day!
Slangin' burgers at Brave the weather. Get your face rocked!
Get all your #NBA playoff news in 1 place-www.USSportspages.com
Resources table: institutions as resources, humans, natural resources (place-based), collaborations & true partnerships
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Yeah... humans have been using their images of God to justify their violence.
You were so right when you said I'd been drinkin', what was I thinkin' when I said goodnight.
All females arent bitches and all bitches arent females
at least we'll die looking cute!
we love we have a review on them! Thanks for the shoutout
lol yea I do.. Gotta fill the sleeves in and imma add color
Felled trees, blinking traffic lights, sinkholes, etc.... tell about any #earthquake casualties you see
That is fantastic!!! We are all in trouble.
There comes a time when I'll throw my hands in the air and say fuck it, it's just getting old!
Hey ladies (:
I can't take shots because of my gag reflex.
this monster's going to take a very monstrous nap.
Reading "The Blessing of Declaring 'Never Again!'".
MT : Blame myself if I am persistently frustrated about the same things.
. what about "Jay-Z and Kanye West Present: Watch the Throne II (A Nick Schurk and Tony VanHart Production)"
Sleepover with the girls! Movie time!!  Even tho it's like 11:00am haha
America comes upon great depression, yet Americans remain stupid #SuperBowl Man
MBA, which may take longer but make you more marketable.
Ima turn into a hot wing
Ugh how culd u not miss me...u
oh pinterest. Haha, no new plugins till we upgrade our php version (without breaking the site) I'll give it another go soon
Whoever gave first place votes for Kawhi Leonard and Iman Shumpert over Kyrie Irving for Rookie of they Year needs their vote revoked.
Ready for day 3 #AI!
So are we doing the dark lip again? Saw a TON of it at the #MetBall last night. I'm scared, gurl.
STEAMED MUSSELS Maple walnut Parmesan chip 2008 Riesling, Charles Smith ½Kung Foo Girl ½, Washington 89pt
Awesome, oh wow Like totally freak me out I mean right on Toros sure are number one
With that avatar, YOU'RE disowning US? Hello, kettle, this is pot - you are black
You will get the write up soon! I hope all is well. Be Blessed and thanks for your support!
After school naps >>>>>>
With all of the events happening in Chicago this summer your commute may be disrupted. Have your office prepare by downloading Visimeet.
Haha, perfect! Let's just say it was for the first reason.
Avengers not bad
uh oh I only vaguely remember that boat ride. Hmm should I even ask?
This a fan account.(:
Thank God you are okay! Get some rest! Don't over do it today! Giving thanks! REST!!!
freaking out. where are y'all?
If You Can Make Me Laugh Your A Keeper
haha nice! i wish i could go to the beach.
huge hit. Hope it breaks him out of his slump! Go O's!
Dumanis begins by saying she's made tough decisions, and we need someone to make tough decisions in city hall.
Your smile is your best accessory ~Love Dove
On my way to my festival in gregmont performing in a little bit :D
DeansLIST - #schools could track student behavior choices to watch for student trends.
Am I too old to write the girl I like a note that reads:Do you like me?? (check one) __yes __no __anal?
I hope you been ok:) like school so far?
When you gone be back in the city big cuz?....
I don't know if it's cause I'm used to seeing my nonexistent ass but Nicki Minaj's ass genuinely scares me
Looking forward to the working with my new medical students starting this week
Jackie Brown (1997), first time on film. Last seen on 28 May 2008, on DVD
living on a prayer is playing now...i may or may not show them how Badgers do it. Dont know if they can handle this. :-)
What are you doing, thinking?Talk to us!
Randy last I heard you suck dick,, you cock sucker
joined the club....
You bet! Here's one now. :)
#AskVP Joe, is it true that your going out on a comedy tour after politics?
Is becoming a rapper/DJ a white kid Canisius College things, or are white suburbanites everywhere trying to make it big?
Thanks... my 26.2 time is 4:24... but I'm hoping for low 4 by EOY. I'll channel my inner Alex and finish strong.
": Prince Harry's plane has touched down in Jamaica."
All things Cannes
it should be shipped out already! You may have to ask !
you gotta own it if you want it c;
Never mind the cash, I don't have the wardrobe to pull off
So much to say...
Now testifying: Carol Goss, President of Skillman Foundation
haha I didn't mind the music.. But the mouse head is a different story!
you've got my vote! Good luck.
- Thanks for the RT. Looks like it's getting chilly where UR. I trust you're getting your thermals out of the closet...
RT : Tornado ON GROUND around 450 South/1000 East in Montgomery county. Near SR 75.
y u on my timeline??!! Lol
awesome ppl of the world, you are the reason why I love my life! Can't wait to be a daddy in only 28 days!!!!!!!
ok, Atlanta Branch NAACP. Meetings are monthly at Nt. Ephraim Church, usually second Thursday.
Thanks Matt!
please email song to
I feel like everyone's five when they use I'd cap that.
Hollie was really hungry, and I love her speaking and singing voices. Honestly Phillip with those facial expressions scares me lol
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
true even so the new stock exhaust sounds fantastic especially with the flaps open
Not Trending Yet Come on #wildwesley you can do better
Woo! #Packers!
Ah..now I remember why I dislike Santorum so so much.
Re-reading the creepy, twisty, funny THE WRONG MOTHER by for mystery book group
Big announcement on Recall Walker Effort from at noon today. We'll keep you updated on both sides here at
They really aren't. I think we max out at 4 lanes in one direction and that's only through large cities.
wishing she could twitter faster. Maybe I'd get more work done.
Start having fun with less worries n life becomes easier.
I'm looking for love. Real love. Ridiculous, inconvenient, consuming, can't-live-without-each-other love.
This is nice of puck
Tornado siren! Better put some pants on
Lasagne in the oven. Sick little boy on the couch. A day I'm thankful to be able to work from home.
I absolutely think that more people should have beer summits to resolve differences.
Thankful to be with family, our abundant thanksgiving meal, and social media!
Now if only Mitt could do it.": Paul Ryan, my favorite politician, is demolishing Obama's demagogic budget speech earlier today."
where do I get one??
I guess its a chill at home day. -.- yay!
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature
Does the senior need #medical care or help with everyday errands, hygiene and home care issues?
&quot;Transformers&quot; producer has new films in the works - Chicago Tribune
Just finished giving my dry-run presentation on #hydraulics. #or11 here I come!
biz a usual. good weekend. Jen took Mom's Day early to enjoy an all day Hair Band RockFest sans kids y'day in-laws 45th anni.
RT : Happy last day of classes to some #IU students, good luck on the first day of finals to others!
team 11 cheated!
Looking for something to do? #Something2doOnATuesday is always good times. #TacosandTequila will be flowing!
Who needs sleep...apparently not this girl!!
Stevens grabs the mic. He points out that love and friendship got Richards nothing in the end. But his determination for gold has paid off
I can even barely read the board in English class! & okay. ;P
Well It Better Be Like That...... Haha Just Kidding
aww baby your cute ;>
Whoa, Really? Never? Is it natural? Lol This is some fascinating stuff here! I'm interested! Tell me all about it! (O___o)
Then we will make it so.
I don't get it, where do you hide the liquor? I've found bellies work best.
<sniff sniff>
? RT : Who wants to teach me spanish?
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT ON
Hanging with my tomahawk girls tonight!!!! Yah yuh :)
I totally remember Joe from RW Miami! Life is full of strange coincidences.
hahaha, thank you. Tragedy averted! :)
You as well, Dorothy! :)
Don't let your special someone go out tonight without a tan! Come in for an airbrush tan $35 per session.
aw I hate test lol :p
Hi ! thanks 4 the RT, I am now following you , follow back please?
Damn you.
i Followed back.
nothing bout to go to bed z
I am pretty sure will sellout over Tracy's cold dead body. :)
AWESOME! Thanks for sharing.
ready for tomorrow?!
I've now learned to trust no one, but myself. Freaking backstabber.
how are you going to do that? Unilateral talks w the Iranian govt?
We do have a new digital media studies program, but it looks like they only offer an undergrad major at the moment. :-(
,you are my dream, There’s not a thing I won’t do. I’ll give my life up for you, Cuz you are my dream. <3
You must! You must!
are you seriously in a theater? Lol
Watching X-Men The Last Stand <3
Keep telling myself im not gunna get shity about it, when deep down i am. Damnit, blake was right ;/
new youtube interface
Eminem lovers 'FOLLOW' this fan page...
Welcome to the club RT : I wish I was seeing Avengers tonight, instead i'm cleaning out my fridge and making plans to run away
i bet you can find it and make it ;)
Watching Celebrity Apprentice
Your crazy by the way, lol
Wow - not good
Horace Grant is up their in that pantheon as well
or even just a reply. It would honestly make my life!!!
HAHA. Chances are they will do that for you, if I had to guess lol.
Who is excited about #kylestock at 4am?
Me too! Nice!
I'm not having nearly enough fun -- I am alone -- without and the rest of the #nurfc staff at
thanks for following us :)
I'm ready to kick some ass today. ;)
Not ready for it to end.. #trueblood I wana do bad things with you! 27 mins & counting :)=
i am em28alonso we talked(You and i) when Sarah was at hospital all mg condolensces.!
Happy they were returned to you. Sunglasses are always nice to have & a bummer to lose :) #Lost&Found
Children are the most desirable opponents at scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat.
Warm welcome to
: The linked article "Four Things Your Morning Routine Shouldn't Lack" includes positive thinking. :)
In for the Kill - la roux/skrillex remix
GET READY YALL! HERE COME B-DOGG! JANUARY 6TH IM PERFORMING AT CLUB RED @ THE YUKMOUTH SHOW!!!!! THEN IM GOING HARD @ THE MLK BBQ!
: Great starting point. Focus on whatever it is that makes u, you. You were uniquely designed. Find your gift! <-- Agree!
I just had to find a faster way to your page page so I mentioned you to get there faster by clicking your name
Such as?
7pm meet you at irving park blue line station?
where you guys hoopin today?
RT : Please RT Documentary about struggling families shows human face of America’s economic crisis...
Just got another new client:)
5 more school days...
my pleasure. It sure was an experience being in the same room as him. The man pulls no punches whatsoever!
I haven't seen/heard of any CIAA party plans. For those that asked, we will not be protesting or picketing.
nothing will happen unless a bunch of people report the same person :)
thank you!!! :-) yes I am so blessed
Wonderful. RT : Was able to make some serious decisions this week thanks to the reflections of #reverb10 /
music in the air!
thanks! It was definitely crazy!
Ooh I like!!! I want something like that with the slip removed to wear as a swimsuit coverup. ;)
"I just got a sweet job washing dishes, only thing is I have to wash the meat dishes" I seriously just overheard that in a bar.
Thank you!
Do you have #kids ? We have a bunch of #toys very cheap! Some are up for #auction right now!
#1000AfricanWaysToDie questioning your parents
NO-- especially if they continue to assess state and federal income taxes!
Celebrate President's Day by enjoying some ice cream with us!
Crazy ass people at carrabba's holy hell!!!!!
I bet thats a nice lil weekend paycheck.
i hate when i have to go to school in the morning but i cry every morning bc i dont wanna go to school bc i feel like i have no friends
Awesome! We'll see you there! as soon as I land back at home sun, im taking a taxi to !!!
gorgeous day here in Calif! January...but only needed a sweater today. No coat! Yay!
before the battle? Jermaine
Ah! Hahaha! What songs are on there anyway?
lmao -_- what? Y'all weird.
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it" - Yves Saint Laurent
Baldwin and Buckley are eloquent speakers however Buckley didn't stand a chance in the debate.
I hate Pitbull.
On the new Crazy taxi pinball machine!!
Hey dudes! Got a lot coming your way, so keep checking Deathbeat Jam's twitter for more!
Ladies and gentleman my instacanvas will be up by the morning !!!!!!! :)
#nosleepgang usually on purpose, now I can't help it.
We will be closed for lunch today due to kitchen repairs. We will know later today if we will can re-open for dinner. We apologize!
106 & park ain't even good anymore
Getting my training in so we are ready to get up and running!!
I never wanted to be your whole life. Just your favorite part. ♥
In palm desert for a couple days. This city is gorgeous!
“: And I'm wrapped w/ my morning news anchors from NBC7 - back there tomorrow night!”. TY Melissa !!!
If she can't hang with you because she isn't aloud to date
I spent this whole game looking for ways to travel from NYC to DC with a small pet. There are none.
Can I hit it in the morning?
Even though it's raining, it's a beautiful day cause God opened my eyes this morning.
Quoting a Lady at Smith's grocery store. "Is crab & lobster covered by EBT?" I'm buying her seafood w my tax money. FCKU THAT
♪We Don't Even Need To Fight Everything Will Be Alright Nothing Even Matters But You & I♪
needs viewers to send in their own Touchdown Dances!! Just shoot on your phone and email to: Thanks!
my intentions are vicious, ruthless and ambitious
LOVED seeing you in WI today. Can't wait to edit/share my video footage from the breakout session. (+ loved yer #Breitbart words)
...through an interesting military career outlining the sacrifices made and the war-torn places visited....
Things I do when stressed: eat & clean. Things I've done at layout today: eat & clean.
Thanks so much ! :DD
If you are not willing to risk the unusual,you will have to settle for the ordinary.
I am by no means an Avengers comics fan, but that movie ROCKED. Insanely great movie. Can't say enough good stuff about it
are you ever like self conscious in a locker room
yea sporting that #PinkMink coat on top of that epic gears shirt
NO ONE can kick my ass better than I can >)
Yep! Seems to go hand-in-hand with the worry thing!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
go get 'em!
Trivia time at
Sounds awesome...best of luck!
my ? for the Pres: what do Detroiters need to do to ensure we are a good place for the Fed Gov to invest and partner with us?
Tracing our roots with the release of the 1940 census. Join us now on 90.3.
We're off to Campo de la Cruz, Santa Lucía, and Manatí today!
Another pearl from the Dowager Countess: "Don't be defeatist dear, it's very middle class."
I took my septum out about three weeks ago and it's still not healed. o:
aol AIM dumps the running man logo, the famous purple Yahoo! SF billboard is going away... what is going on?
Is it aimed at treating prostate cancer? Often there is a choice b/w surgery and radiation for that.
Let your Wicked creative side fly
What was it like working with Aaron Tveit on A Girl Walks into the Bar?
Tomorros shosw 20 tic left but we're doing a special pay what you wish for our twitter followers on NEW reservations. Just mention the
It's haters like you who wait til we lose to start running your mouth. I can't stand that shit.
Avengers was a great movie that made me tipsyly note that teraflop is a funny word. Yay drafthouse!
to the after party
:) i cant wait to see it
Finally off work (phew!)
i'm being tested by the Greek gods
It's a nice day! I'm gonna go for a walk. *step outside* what the- THE SUN! IT BURNS! RT if this is you. :)
thanks for the shout !
I'm watching Rebirth Brass Band at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 watcha wanna!
Its amazing out
Hi Marlene, thanks for following my twitter.
hell yes!!!
can you send us more info??
it's a daily must
All athletes follow and add the facebook page at facebook.com/lacedfacts
Just got out of another top performer meeting at work. It was fun. :-)
TY for the mention!
Marshall-ism of the Day: “Time is the great equalizer. How will you invest yours?”
What a delightful meal we had! The perfect spot to celebrate Valentine's Day.
I have not talked to #oomf in a min thats my nigga.!
A-Town Veteran, the official #urban#fiction #novel is on #kindle for 99 cents.
who is excited for this game? Who is going to win?? I have a feeling the galaxy may take a close match over RSL
great reminder! sometimes we're waiting for others to cheerlead us to victory... nope!
Oh thanks!!
where you at bro why anit you showing up on monday night raw
I miss u too! I work today het off @ 5. When are u gonna come see the new house????
hahaha!! I've always been creeped out by the possibility of a bus falling on it's side when they take curves...
Loving Chicago Midway airport: comfy seats and lots of outlets for my laptop
Interesting note about Farraday. We have terrible Poddy Mouths...
yeah I know.
home watchin the a-team best line ever: Lt. Templeton 'Faceman' Peck: Alpha, Mike, Foxtrot! In other words, Adios... Mother..
Busy Busy Week But I just won an ipod touch from !!!!! Cant wait I have been wanting one since they came out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ffollow me doe
I knowz! I love me some Jesus and Mary Chain too!
Muldoon Pizza waitress: "Do you guys remember how many beers you had? You drank us out of Michelob light."
#threewordstoliveby TRUST IN GOD!
School is a mess....when u work hard towards getting it...
i'll take note of that. Thanks Jenna :)
Yeah, I'm glad everythings back to normal.
You should come by early because I'm pretty sure I don't understand backbone correctly :-)
It was all a conspiracy, lol!
Wowan in front of me is reading a book called Getting Things Done. She also already received a cc award tonite.
we out of here
Italian Birthday Cake vinyl: 7" on top of a 10" on top of a 12", covered in mini-cd's and shredded cassette tape.
we just saw Street Car Name Desire!!!! Fantastic Play and performances
Steve Kerr is an idiot!
mother in law
Wow! That's amazing they raised that amount of funds so quickly! Looking forward to checking out the film.
I hear you, I saved up for a while for mine. But it's a keeper. ;-)
Wow, Thnx Man, Rewind, 2001. UR prime time show. I got on stage with Sheila E and sang "Baby One More Time". u gave me ur email
Easter sprinkles start today. Aw yeah.
Last week, pizza week. This week, donut week.
do it. It is a fantastic co-op game easily accessible to all levels of gamers from adjacent to experienced.
Keep your head up i got you bro anytime
#cavs game tomorrow. suck it, lakers.
Pulled hip muscle (I think). The waddle suggests prolonged pain. This sucks.
I did not jus get bit by a mosquito:P
Brand new everything ! #Swagg,!
Tweeps: Let's share high-brow, conceptual Halloween costume ideas for this year.
"what was the ballpark like in evansville, indiana?" "it didn't even matter."
About time to invest in that umbrella
Herbert Clark Hoover~ When there is a lack of honor in government the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
It's not as good as I remember.
Puberty clearly went right for One Direction.
Happy Mother's Day! <3
Monster jam (;
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave us.
I've never liked that phrase. Yours is much better
Gonna try & sleep with this horrible sore throat.
just made my morning seeing him Live on my television. Haha
Sittin in the jacuzzi,beats on,thinking n relaxing
What r u talking about ???
MY GO NO
Between the orioles and caps, I'll never get to sleep early.
So, just a coincidence on the avatar? ;-)
is still busy ;o :cc you have no idea how i miss our awesome conversations :\ wish I could talk more with you as before
No I'm not dead >.>...not that anyone cared to ask or anything :3
No I don't want to plug in my phone right now-low battery. If I refuse then I will be forced to stop reading my ebook-the only way I'll stop
Yes!!!! That's awesome! Thank you!!!
They should start, Barnes at point, Ebanks at the 2, Hill, 3, Gasol, 4, Bynum, 5. lmao Bring kobe old ass off the bench
me too! Teddy has a nice life
my name's cleatus. i like chewin, eatin spoons, but mostly i like tying my balls to a stool and throwin it against the wall
Say. It. ZAYN IS VAIN.
Timeline is soonish. I'd like the survey asap. Final question is contact info to schedule the interview in 1-2 weeks.
we are??
Need a DB
Without question, it would have to be Twisted Metal.
Whose ready for the jams?? Can't wait for you to hear em!!
Stop burping right next to me and go to the Fucking bathroom
She said " Bugatti I'm in love wit ur songz" I said" which one?" She said "Uuhh I like em all" Love his songz...
Hit me up homie
Testifying on SB 1238, Former State Sen. Penfield Tate says we can't keep importing an educated workforce. We agree!
yay for Saabs. Most of the design of the 900 made no practical sense but I'd buy another used one in a second.
I never have to work with my boss gotta love it!!!
Thanks! We like that one too :)
As an #Aries you're a pro at trying anything new, always filled with invincible energy in other words, you're the perfect first date.
Boston is no match for the Blue Shirts. Richards was a great pick up! Go Rangers
Ok just makin sure you got it
Lmaoooo RT : and I'm dead...build your leg strength up
congrats- that is just GREAT
I appreciate all the followers... I really do but I don't like when they don't have a picture to show who they are. :/
Getting booed is the least of these Brewers' problems.
the Brewers only have 5 in the lineup.
#stress is going to drive me to the edge! I don't handle anxiety well....and I am full of it lately...Keep on keepin on, right??
God gives us different passions so everything he wants done in the world will get done. Never belittle someone's Godly passions.
How is Ethan??
A social entrepreuneur utilizes new media platforms to influence positive change personally & on a level of service
RT You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
Looking forward to the world of twitter!
He who sings scares away his woes.
yep setbacks are not good! Thanks
I turned on my tv and channing tatums face is right there.. <333 ah my day has been made [:
on my vacation until jan
HELL!YES!Btw, I'm thinking you should roll out your mixtapes, not just release all on the same day. Let some excitement mount
They say stop, I say no, they say Pries, please don't go, well what if I die they night they shot, how many life's do I got?
Flight booked and house rental secured...end-of-summer trip to Maine 8/26-9/5 !!!!
There goes my plan of fleeing the country.
Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;)
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Don't Stop Pop That Pussy Lemme You Doo Doo Brown !
I want to be in a Pepsi Commercial.
You too! I'm finding my migraines are getting worse w/ age (like everything else.) See you later!
How 'bout our CHILI GLAZED CHICKEN SUPREME, pickled baby carrots, danish bleu cheese sauce, celery water
I swear if Noel goes to play for Bunk from #thewire...“: mystery team is Providence. Still think he goes to Georgetown.”
dont say that! Embrace that shit :) just dont let it run you
naw the orig place got leased so ya boy been scouting. DM ya email and I'll send the link.
I followed(:
we must hang out :)
Picking daughter up from piano
She say she fwm da long way
turn dat got damn music down!! Lol!
hope the wedding was went good...
"you're only on page six?" "I'm trying to read and watch tv at the same time."
we need to get south Florida standing by the panthers. Sun sentinel needs to start reserving space on 1c. It's our year.
"This food, was not satisfactory"...there was a mouse in mine.
no probs bro. I can't wait to be workin with people like yall. I love the way yall are passionate about the craft.
We're back to our regular hours this week! Come check out our new spring colors - we are getting new things in every day.
Sweet! Have fun, that should be a good counting workout!
Milly, your straight is showing. -
So let's do it like they do it on Discovery Channel
Happy Mother's Day Weekend. Share with us a favorite meal or dish that your mother used to make when you were young! #f&fluvsmoms
how would that even work? O.o
For Food Allergy Awareness Week we're chatting w Join in 1hr:
We were recently told that the LoBurn is our best roll ever. Which do you think is the best?
Beer, Sweet Beer.
yeah, you were all about screaming that last night... To be far it does only happen once.
miss u hiefers!!!!
I have a lot of academic setting & clerical exp, but it doesn't seem to cut it with the lib jobs search. Le boo hoo
missed the convo but I assume "Mandigo" is a guys funstick?
I'm watching the wizard of oz, and you came into my head, DOROTHY<3 hehe, please tweet me?:) ill be forever happy<3333
Hot dogs! Yum(:
Am I blind or is there no Big 109 and 320 6m today???
true dat! Debbie was the other girl! Ha I love it!
Hate being cold.. That's why I'm not in NY.. It still be 40 something degrees in the morning
Who's watching The Bodyguard tonight on Lifetime?
#NBC must have heard my threats about starting a riot if they canceled Parks & Rec. We get more Knope next year!
yeah for real! She is taking over the internetZ
You're welcome! Happy Friday to you, too - hope your weekend is awesome!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!!!
Back to my santuary for a good night of reading.
f4f? Love ur quotes about austin
Awesome! Thxs for thinking of that! We'll see you there
barely got the ticket link 4 in LA 5min ago instead of 10am. everything below $50 is sold out.. sux some were $35!! bummer
Srsly!! RT If this weather would just stop being so dang beautiful it would be easier to sit in my office & accomplish things
I checked out Tag'z today. I doubt I'll ever buy my meat somewhere else again.
Your 2011-2012 #MISL #MVP....GEISON!! Thank you for all that you did this season Geison and Congratulations on this well-deserved honor!
she's awesome! And congrats on your mortgage!
i received my permit, without ever operating a motor vehicle before in my life lmfao. i should really learn to drive now.
These Monday right refs are hoRRible
I am not sure about the #JonathanVilma suspension, because while he looks to be a ringleader of the program, a season may be a bit too much.
After all these years, I still enjoy watching
Im too paid to be fighting with you broke niggas
will anyone get sleep tonight? this is huge night. doubt anyone will go in to work tomorrow.
your wish has been granted.
#THE BIRD IS THE WORD
uuugghh that's what I need to do
noo way they would love to see that goyne face of urs
your welcome bro?
I hope everyone has a great Halloween and be safe:)
and seems to me that is repeating the narrative of "community decline" -- the ur-narrative of sociology.
yea, i just thought it was ridiculous. Install this for free chicken. i'm not that hungry, lol. How u doing today?
Microsoft: Macs 'not safe from malware, attacks will increase' - ZDNet (blog)
Problem w/ twitter is celebrity women think people want to hear what they think. Lol right sweetie, ur famous b/c of ur intelligence.
Can't believe I had to pick up my 5th grade sister from someone's house bcuz of bullying. Unbelievable. Don't mess with my family
Ya, I'm ok thx...my b/f is def not tho. They burnt his whole leg ruined the carpets in his car & will need to attend to this.
are you doing an Omeka workshop at #MARAC spring meeting?
We Blasting tonight at Cities restaurant and lounge in L.A. tonight. Happy Birthday!!!...you know who you are!!!!
RT ": The weekend is a time for peace and quiet. Because no one wants to hear loud noises when they're hung over."
come with!
ur amazing i love you! retweet if u love me back!
tweeted next set
Dear girls that cried when they got their belly button pierced, uhm I didn't even feel anything to cry about. LOL.
Fuck it, I'm live tweeting the
I miss you! :( English sucks without u!!
dirk smith is an awful man
Busy bee. Maybe
Glad I'm a Grizzly Fan.
Why does it have to be so cold :(
Heating up some hormel chili. My favorite.
"Chicago seems a big city instead of merely a large place." - A. J. Liebling, first to designate #Chicago "The Second City," 1949
Im good man hbu?
but that's what it says on the bottom lounge website...... :(
On my way to The Chocolate Bar for a red velvet cupcake.
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I'll sit in front of the entrance of the arena and cry. Who knows, I might as well get lucky..
Thanks so much for 23 followers on my first day! My other twitter only has 15 followers and it has 500 tweets and I've had itsince 09 thanks
Html and css dominate my life right now
immaturity pisses me off the most
The price of fame is that you are envied, copied, and then discarded.
umm i just bece a tweeter and i m still new to how it all works but are random people you dont know supposed to follow you& do i followback
We played at eat at Loews. They had us in the round and the staff were awesome to us..Great venue.
So far at #occupytimessquare, cops and protesters are behaving, each on their respective side of the barricades.
Anyone else wondering if Nolan Ryan can still bring it? The Giants are eating this up.
yeah, the cartoon is funny!
[]I miss my baby ♥:'(Dashawn ♥
How the heck are you still lyng to me still?
And I think imma get my micros today...
the marlins are expressing interest in everyone! I even got a phone call
yes. I was. Perhaps I Might I have seen you though I stayed for only 10 minutes because i had to leave to meet w/my tenant.
Thursday evening
Oh boy! are you sitting? 14 almost 15. Yeah, yeah, I know, part of my problem w/ the biz. But I am catching up to myself. :-)
Saved a worm from the clutches of the hot pavement.
are you gonna tweet me today? (:
CASTING NEWPORT'S FINEST!: If U or someone u know lives in Newport, RI is charismatic & is in the know - let us know!
RT IF YOU THINK SHOULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN DETENTION FOR THE COWBELL INCIDENT.
When he says hi and you just can't stop smiling.
One of the best ways to analyze is to just design something. via Michael Allen
Playing a 25$ rebuy. Had AA cracked by 45o in the third hand. (after i 5bet pre) Rebought and have doubled up since.
: ) Hey kinda like that one!! I got used to =D That's a LOUD smile!!
This Caps Rangers series has been incredible.... On to game seven
Sorry I should have started with, hey everybody. Hope your all enjoying this beautiful day. Stop by and see us @ the public market on sat.
when you link your XBL and PSN accounts to sometimes it checks in for you. It has done it for me on occasion. 'AT'
Growing up, all I wanted was a father figure. Me & Mom alone every dinner.
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
Dreamt that the storage wars people were bidding on my stuff
Historically, most CardiANAL greats still played like crap. #BeHereAllWeek #HaveYouTriedTheVeal?
where?? I would love to know!
How did it go?
In the we hours of friday morning
Young and living my life.
Different from the original, (the band who did that originally are playing in darlington :L )
oh true... That's messed up
I was and I wasnt...all it takes to score is one shot...but they had their chances
Can never trust a hoe. My head all fucked up.
Sharing is caring. Unless its an STD
i didn't know that. Rookie Maldonato on the pole! This will be an interesting race.
Two location scouts today and some b-roll shooting. Looking to be a very busy week.
Who precisely composes the "counter-jihad movement"? Ppl who question th legitimacy of "militant Islam"? Victims? Dissidents? Heretics? CIA?
60% of ol retail prodcts in dept/specialty/on line stores can b manfactred in our #America without raisng d csts of d prodcts to the consmr.
you are amazing and i love you in the Big Bang Theory<3(:
And you follow fellow NC'an , right? Brilliant music, but I think you'd appreciate John Darnielle's tweets.
It's not so pretty today! I'm congested, so you didn't miss out. Are you going to the Marquis event on Thurs? xoxo
Well, then take a carnap pic!
What do people in China call their good plates?
look how quickly my brother trades teams RT : I've never wanted the bruins to win more than I do right now
lol blah fine have fun without me :( haha
Can't wait for another successful year!
Passion and Rebellion, sounds like your archetype is "The Catalyst", just like !
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at PETCO today from 10am-2pm 3601 Old Airport Road Suite C
who tf are you? Take yo young underclass ass home bitch
how do you get so many followers
I still love your crazy churchpoint ass <3
im just praying he sees it :)
I'm officially making it standard to reject any and all resumes, while scouting talent. It just seems like the right thing to do.
Level one Hazmat, Tremont @ Mass. Ave, traffic is a mess...
i think i have seen every episode with my lil sister lol
I wish too but, hopefully I can influence people to wanna help and do what I do!
why don't we just hop on chat roulette and see what happens?
Hey! For my new #philly site. Just sent you a direct message.
That shirt was a good purchase. Gets similar rxns in real life. You flatter me, sir.
4 double cheeseburgers with no buns with a side of hard-boiled eggs.
let me put something in ya life !
I think I want to buy a zoo.
sorry we missed you. We ran with T2. Did you do frontrunners?
nice to have a friend like that then
THINKING BOUT U
All Time Low's acoustic version of Break Out! Break Out! is beautiful <3
I like this one
No that's not Bill Paxton I'm referring to. It's Tim SomethingErOther.
TRAFFIC: - Lane Closures/Maintenance today 9a-3p - NB Hwy 151 just south of Sun Prairie. Only one lane open.
The importance of good friends should never be underestimated. similarly, it was once said "you can judge a man by the company he keeps"
In order to achieve success, you must put in work to over come the obstacles.
Wait.... You're paying $20 a month for Vonage? and VoIP works for fax? News to me on both.
Watching The Last Unicorn. Cause I'm that awesome.
#Cooked... #Ate... but I want pizza!
yes i can link you if you want?
yea i know im awesome like that lol ": It is always somebody that gives me a reason to laugh."
Lmfao. "glad y'all are leaving" BAH. alright.
Ditto! Can't wait to see the dynamics shift when Uma Thurman shows up!
I'm gonna try to come up to Reno! :) I'll txt and let ya know have a great one if I don't tho! :D
Hey Rebecca! iLuvU&UR MUSIC! #BackOffHaters! RT&FOLLOW PLZ! &i have LIKE A LOT OF DREAMS&U r my one inspirations! #MuchLove!
Some chicken wings.. that does sound good!!
10 pages paper due in 10 hours.
“: no lead is safe in the playoffs” Memphis proved that last night LMFAO
Wonder when its going to flat line. : $EURUSD hourly looks like an EKG chart
In five years no one will be using a mouse for any input. Nice demo of touchscreen moves
#imhappiestwhen I'm with the ones I LOVE! <3
yess! Score and NO ONE can use them(: unless they know pass a 1D quiz haha
OH MY FREAKING GOD HOLY CRAP #CANTWAIT #SOOOEXCITED #LOVETHEM AH!
a let me know if you wanna remix "she the baddest!! the beat snatchin!!!
gm freak mama
shes from london her name is jessie j she has a song called price tag thats all over youtube
Day 1@#2012c19 Overcoming post-recovery neglect of A-A texts; boredom as archival possibility; and the affect of environmental materials!
Vacation starts now! So excited! Road trip with my baby!!
People who complain about their job on Facebook and Twitter are idiots.
#QuestionsWomenH8 "Is that a real tan?"
I stand by writing every day, networking as much as possible, and never being pushy... Also, sell out the first chance you get.
