What would you consider to be your favorite fish to eat?
haha... I meant as a "go ahead.. it wont hurt.. or be a bad thing" type of influence.
I'm right there with you
I'm snapping necks and cashing checks.
lol. My mom is so cute, I know.
FFA is the the most absurd organization.
missed u again this morning!
anyways, TOUR DATES ARE OUT NEXT WEEK. I'M EXCITED AF.
RT thanks and May the odds be ever in my cats favor.
JaVale has to lead the NBA in goaltending violations since entering the league, right?
HAPPY FRIDAY- Have a great weekend !!!
"I am...Mrs. Iglesias." Kristen Wiig in sunglasses on the plane.
I made my 10 points!!!
Any chance you start Matt Ryan over Stafford? Time to insert J. Jones over Bowe, Colston, Blount or Murray? Thanks.
Q3: Freedom to be w/o prejudice, racism & judgement ... esp. based upon race, sexuality, gender, etc.
: If only God can Judge you, how you plan to beat the case?
There's something perverse about my iTunes's 'c's: Cat Power, Catch 22, The Cave Singers? They would not go to each other's shows.
Just registered for America's Finest City half marathon-- Triple Crown bound!
Maybe it wanted a Coke Zero?
SMH @ the error msg "Twitter is over capacity".
And now 3-0, its tribe time mofo's
How to recycle Women's Suits: www.dressforsuccess.org/sandiego... Check out the web site for more details! Or call:619.281.3373 :)
Someone please invent recyclable/compostable nylons and tights.
Morning! And Congrats to all the Rutgers Newark graduates I saw this am!
Yup. Hacked indeed.
alright dang!!!
Anyone know where I can buy a kitty-sized dumb and dumber powder blue tuxedo (w/top hat)? Steve needs to make important first impression.
What does #BLKWater taste like? The blackness of the water kinda freaks me out.
I have 2 cases of Blast for you in my car.
both u and are stranded in Newton, IA. Hook up with them for a bus video!
tear fell from my eye to know Zimmerman is finally has been arrested
of all the accounts here claiming to be motivational, you really do the best job. I've gained so much perspective from you!
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
I’ve learned…that the people you care about most in life are taken from you too soon.
Never rub your eyes after eating peppers. This really should go without saying.
990 followers!...Ok my next 10 followers get a free mention....is that incentive or what?
Thanks Cammy. School is going great.
then they tryed to tape it and put pencils for support !! haha now that part made me laugh!
have a fantastic weekend.
Facebook users can add organ donor status
Ha! Thanks to all of you for making me feel like I'm in the room along with you.
The old testament is pretty hard core.
Fun time speaking at tonight, excellent interaction.
Thank You for the wonderful notes! Such a wonderful relaxed day. :-) lunch in DC anyone?
I don't like the tweets about hail in #indy. I'm going to go drape my body over as much of my car as possible
#AMP is still spreading. Slow and steady wins the race. Spread the love andymetz.bandcamp.com
red clay in the concrete mix
ha! I smell your stank from here
Thanks for the follow. Would you be interested in adding my music to your playlist?
Conflicting reports on the where-a-bouts of Peyton Manning. AP says he left, KOA says he still here. Which is it?
It sounds ludicrous to get wound up over a few words that circle society when kids are taking their own lives.
Free Dessert on us all week with purchase of an entree! Just check in to Oz Korean BBQ on Facebook with your phone and show to your server!
anyone out there in ROCH have extra animal barrier fencing they are throwing out? Ill pay in tomatoes
Sadly, I am no relation to the Kellogg heirs.
can't watch unfortunately. my coworker went to baylor...I'll give her shit later
": Breakfast adventures with " we're friends
People on the metro having a full on conversation about how terrifying the movie Ferngully is.
...Or is there something like CALIPR for non-Cali folks?
the journey continues producing some great songs for folks right now. and soon enough some new ones of mine. eventually. getting antsy.
Well, you're still a rockstar in our book! We'll double check for hanging chads ; )
plants moved to garden ICU. Next of kin contacted. Now comes the hard part - the waiting...
Looks like Luck, RG3, Richardson, then the madness will start
RAP/RNB ARTIST JOIN "WE ARE THE UNDERGROUND ALL STARS MIXTAPE SERIES ON FACEBOOK
Thank you, Signal Outdoor Advertising, for supporting this year's run!! We appreciate you!
the only known cure for what u have is sleep and even that is not permanent .
Feels alone
Presenting with the North Star Fund Award tonight.
Is it as crazy as the giggles gets??? RT : When I get the giggles, I can't stop...
Note to self .. Implement no tails allowed policy into work dress code policy.
TY for the follow, I hope you find my Tweets intriguing & informative. Have a gr8 day!!
Happy Birthday!! Today's my moms birthday as well. Many fun and exciting wishes!!
I need a good free website for watching porn vids(; any suggestions?
Just crashed 's school visit with the Columbus High Book Club in W. Columbus, TX. What an awesome group!
He looked Nice yesterday ^.^♥ .. He did a good job yesterday ... but he didn't notice me yesterday .. </3
#HappyBirthdayMGK with his fine ass..
Good morning! Let's look forward to sunshine and fresh greens, butter-thirsty corn and plump, juicy tomatoes. Market opens in under 30 mins.
Really admire how the press proof rooms are named after some of Charlotte's best designers
RT : SPRING CLEANING...HUGE SALE...50% OFF ENTIRE STORE!!
Keynote with Mike Fernandez, chairman of MBF Healthcare Partners
and using up precious resources like oxygen.
: #AboutMiddleSchool - #Def was great for me; in contrast to 4th and 5th grade, there wasn't any drama, but that's rare I hear.
Yep. And secretly, I want to be Iron Man.
Back at work
Heads up to and We are running our piece on tonight around 5:50 and 9:50 on
Design needs more stories.
Super cute Sense of humer always smiling talented one of a kind,never put on makeup cuz she's pretty beautiful and always herself
How can you call yourself a man if you don't know squat about cars? I mean seriously? What is our world coming to!?
Did you get to go for a ride?
That's what I thought but haven't seen them yet. The website is down right now.
I wish a week would go by with an #RBNY trade, injury, or arrest.
Several things to do today. May not get back to my WIP until this evening.
can I get a retweet from the best band ever?
ah yes, I was responding to your picture labeled "Lonesome." Immediately popped into my head (obvious reasons). Good song.
Im not tired.. #gonnawatch movies
This morning I only got #1wish ft ...
is at the Irish Fest getaway
Anything's possible if you open up your mind!
Excited to see a reading musical Lobby Channel as part of playwriting festival.
Waiting for the cork to pop and the party to drop.
thank you (:
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
Is this a concern about your calendar or why your wife wants you to see a pastor? Maybe he has some calendar tips...?
can you guys please not suck
Damn, drama already.
Thought about all the music and all the fun you were bound to be having! So glad it was as awesome as we knew it'd be ;)
Well, I'm sure my mother would support me writing you letters, hahaha.
"Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, at your altars, O LORD of hosts" Psalm 84:3
awh, yeah that's always hard :( if you get them really young, they're bff material
wow wow wow I meant chattanooga haha
hahahaha sucks for you 😉 but I better see you and get a picture!
is live at
I don't like NYC in the winter. There is no grass to eat in central park. #moo :(
A cold, San Diego day is the perfect occasion to start a new YA read. I'm feeling a bit dystopian today. Any recommendations?
RT : Ohio is home to 159,900 high-tech employees, ranking the state 14th nationally in terms of high-tech employment....
Being my usual fatass self at cheddars(:
I'm not a big fan of the first one : /
Monster Squad or The Gate
Get a One-Year Membership to The Frist Center for the Visual Arts in Nashville for only $45 (Save $55!) at
. I need to mine some gold of my own today. Thanks for the motivation :)
"Trebek" means "man of magic mustache" in the language of the super intelligent alien race that sent him here.
o ok
Too much wine = dreamt that I own a circus monkey
hahaha my voice had returned!....... slightly :/
The "COLLAB TAPE" Is complete an is here.Other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from
Inconsiderate smokers have destroyed all sympathy I did have for a plight that was once my own.
Just watched a vid & looked @ pics from my cousins wedding Saturday,makes me really wanna remarry now since my 1st wedding sucked lol
great! :D its like 1 week til summer!
when I call a XML file on same server I get the 500. I pass compatibility but get fcgi errors in log. I'll investigate monday
me encanta, el remix ya es un hit en los clubs de Miami
See you there! Don't be late! :)
Rayman Origins for $15 at Gamefly? This is why I never buy games full price anymore; I hold out for deals like this.
I have no doubt you'll be prepared. :)
I'd like to quash this argument right here and now
The sacrifice you desire is a broken spirit. You will not reject a broken and repentant heart, O God. (Psalm 51:17 NLT)
- if you quote from another author/musician, acknowledge him/her - this quote is from Jamey Johnson...
that was an awesome game! I so can't wait for the regular season to start...
OMFG CAN I KILL HER ALREADY?
Ugh! Penalty takes us from 5th to 26th and a lap down. Rain looks like it's going to end this one early. Par for the course this season.
Thanks for mention!
how do manz get like 8000 tweets.
I'm excited for season 2 of #Revenge and this one ain't even over yet.
wats been up my dude
5th Component of ethics training: Ensure the training is perceived as authentic and not just viewed as window dressing.
Outstanding! RT : went to the gas station, got a 44oz cherry icee and went back to bed.
have fun!!!
SHOUT OUT TO MY BFF CORIMIA A.K.A TEDDY BEAR I MISS YU HOMEGIRL
Alex, YOU'RE SO FREAKING ADORABLE. =)
I've been calling you no wonder.
Its goin down @ club empire tonight!!!! 21+ladies free
I don't think that #texans game could've ended any stranger.
Parents shushing their baby on the plane. Does this really work?
Awww night My group of italians were on fire!
no worries. Aways could use help. We have about 500 here tonight for orientation.
Those Cheese N Crackers >>>>>
of course! Thanks for giving me a sneak peak of the concert! It's going to be great
I need another Labor Day.....
“: : well done trying out for The Denver Broncos :) from a fan in Malaysia" tqvm for RT :)"
hey! Another Indiana directioner? Sweet(:
Daddy being called a murderer. I could never imagine. I just want to find them and hug them and tell them everything will be alright :(
i understand summers in two weeks and all but i really can't wait that long...
haha so good
I know the feeling but it's just a bump in the road
sold! I will check 'em out :)
is broker than the Tooth Fairy in a house full of meth addicts!
I honestly hope not...not my fav user interface and feels like repetitive content from fb...
Never allow your pain to skip out on true love. It's too difficult to decipher these days just to throw away..
MUMBAI - First, Lady Gaga wore a dress made of meat
I'm your ride or die, faithful till the end..
So I basically can't see even with my contacts in. Maybe I should see a doctor or whatever.
well considering what I pay for it, I would have spent about the same amount without it. I think I'm saving like 10 bucks.
Funny how my current Pandora station is at Jack Johnson
We all make mistakes... what matters is our heart, are we willing to learn and make amends and seek to make things right again..
Don mattingly on not top ten!
We're mobile, so we move around to different locations each week. Where would you like to see us?
The breeze has me in relax mode..
Harry Potter and the Half-Bloody Mary
ohh good luck buddy nd why dont u wanna do the video its gonna be fun
i mustve j7st missed you, im heading back to 111
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
maybe a good mid major...like Butler or Gonzaga...one day.
shout out to the best real estate platform developed by
the wife and I just watched #Moneyball and highly recommend it! Enjoy!
Indeed. Looking forward to reading your tweets.
lots of #amwriting = too much candy
“: did anyone give you a pinterest invite yet? or does no one love you enough?” You are cruel and highly unusual.
yeah baby its about to be another fun summer <3
Jay-Z concert in Philly during Labor Day
Good eye Swish!!!! We loaded up with no outs!! Come on Bombers!!!
#women share stories of how their lives have changed after 6 months at the literacy centers.
got get it Brad! Glad you are enjoying life!
Plus, assholes smoked all my Lemon Drop last night...pissed lol
tried bobby flay's idea of using mascarpone in the mashed potatos. dude! delicioso!
William Hale White
RT : none. RT None of you niggas matter after I close my twitter app.
i adore you soo much. follow me!!! <3 NEVER SAY NEVER. im gonna keep trying til it happens. good morning ;) how are you?
"Let the learning lead you, take you wherever it goes." Susan Davis
Daily Tip: If an attack occurs if possible, determine the attacker's identifying features: hair color, height, weight, build, clothing, etc.
Getting ready then outt with my nigga
I love this game.
we both know that already
Saw you on Channel 6 this morning on #SanDiegoLiving! Awesome job! You did great! See you tomorrow at #Getyourgreenon !
First time eating #aldos that's some good s#%@!!! Has that homemade Italian taste and feel, not chain store. So full.
Greetings! What technologies do you prefer?
2 runs! oh my god! U-bad-o! U-bust-o! bad trade! command issues! (3 k's). I swear some of you have never seen baseball before.
don't spell my name backwards
how are u?
It's 4 in the morning why the hell am I doing laundry?
or maybe when we have our Johnston Hall dance party later this semester?
#NowPlaying Automated Oceans (Feat. Sea of Bees) by
Happy slaughtering of native americans day! Cheers to smallpox and imperialism!!! J/k happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
I dare you! (Michele) Bachmann Got Run Over By A Gay Deer, while trying to go get it therapy...
I wanna change my bellybutton ring...
You is smart,you is kind,you is important... #the help #grammatime :)
Haha! We were gonna come into Fleming's, but decided on sushi instead :P
Eating dinner and noticing that Jaden eats just like his Mama, one thing at a time.
Is trying to wake up...can't wait for 3!
Brewstone Beer Company had great food and even better company tonight -good talk with good girls- good for the soul
Ask To Bryant: Are You Virgin? Bryant Responds: Bitch, Please! Hahahaha
Tip for fellow auto enthusiasts: Snow-covered car? It can be hard to tell if the dome light is on. Wait four days. Now you know it's not on.
thanks, indeed!
I'm intrigued.
sorry! So can you go to tonys tomorow?
'The Electro Wars,' With Steve Aoki, Justice And Lil Jon, Is Here!
Totally forgot about our 9th anniversary of arriving in America.
Any movie with Jason Statham
"You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed?" "I think you can in Europe."
Tweeps, huge day, I achieved an outstanding 71 followers today. Thanks for making my dreams come true
To all the people who keep saying YOLO Your definition: You Only Live Once My definition: You Obviously Lack Originality
So just finished the proj and it looks amazing!!! Mathbook! Hahaha
we are such cool people hahahaha
Next dozen folks who order a dessert after their meal get a cute sambuca mug
a range of VAK strategies to target all learners x
Adam started drinkin at 10 am. Its now 1221 and hes got the hicuPs trying to sing gucci mane
Barack knows how to motivate a nation.
RT : It's Friday Night $5.00 Martini Night!!!
love you!
My wife gave birth at the hospital so I started BLUE HEAVEN this am RT : love cj's books... What's your "friday hospital read?""
Tonight was amazing <3
Hey my BTS daily pick is Derek Jeter. During his entire career every game played on today's date 5/13 he got a hit
writes anthems without it sounding like they're trying to write an anthem
Theme from the Jeffersons
I'm going Anthony Davis as the best overall talent/worst taste in women.
said it was hard not to sound pretentious leaving work saying, "My partner's at home cooking with Cathal Armstrong."
Navy Mites Travel team on our way to "Mites on Ice" at Verizon Center. Tonight Caps play NC Hurricanes.
Happy Remembrance Day! <3
your boy #Marv get a new rug for the tournament?
Trying to derive an understanding of the scandal-of-the-week only from snarky tweets can be tough.
&rest good luck w/ BCEFA benefit tonight!
I used 2watch d show in Spanish when I was a child. I moved 2 d US nlost track of it. Now, I'm trying 2 get back on track.
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: and to be new judges on #Xfactor. Will the additions make you watch?
Breathe Carolina's song Blackout! The music video is on On Demand!! Check it out!!
fermented grape juice.
Food pickings are slim near whatever highway this is.
thanks now that song is stuck in my head
Its Natural to be jealous but its Ignorant to let it run you
Thx for organizing - great being here! RT : We want to thank Paul and Elizabeth from for joining us today.
tweet tweet ... is this thing turned on?
all these bitches scream'n
slow down daddy
Welcome to me new followers.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune ~ Jim Rohn /
I can't focus. I'm on school.. But i'm thinking of sweet, hot, cute and lovely
great stuff please keep it coming:)
Because He ’s Hot: Prince Harry Has a Night Out With Friends (PHOTOS) Prince Harry sure does love the nightlife! The 27-year-old royal
RT #Huguely trial delayed this morning because one of the defense attorneys is sick. Judge hopes to resume case this afternoon.
Wow, just heard the news about Junior Seau's suicide. Sad day for sports
message us with what you order contained. sorry for the delay. lt me know if you've heard something. we will get this worked out
have you seen the iphone version 4....the future is now
Woah i jusr noticed a have a big tanline
Woot Woot! Up front and center!
Twitter: it's no longer about you, it's about what is going on around you. It's headline news.
#NeverShouldYouEver date a friends ex its just crossing that line
never limit yourself when it comes to music. But I'm gonna start saying bloody in all my tweets now! Where r u from?
I was listening to a track earlier - like. You like it? Lineup isn't out yet, but I thought I'd heard confirmation elsewhere.
Everyone is stealing vlados 1 and a lot of dancer hand hop I swear I am going to tweet nick to try to calm u down!!!!!
: Customer service for Metro rail..(301) 955-5218 Got this when they called me after posting pic of sleeping mngr!
it's all a game of shuffling money around.
"Andy Warhol: The Last Decade" is on my must see.. thanks DMN GuideSunday for great insights, esp.the Dallas connection.
Thanks for following!
its overrated, lotta weirdos, but not in the admirable way
To nap before night shift, or watch the #Hoyas crush WVU?
Everybody don't look like their AVI...ijs
have a great time with the show tonight. Pictures, please!
I highly doubt that !
looked like it was edited to only bad about the mens team. Didn't show who stood out on mens team like they said Aubrey stood out
QTM closing at the high of day target set at 2.50
keyshia cole need a new cd she was the shit
“I’ve never liked a girl enough to give her twelve sharp knives.”
true that! I need a break from this entire place though. like this state... this country.. i just need to get away. haha
Well aren't you spoiled! I think you could get away with a new car now.
good thing i love it when you smile
how did u brake ur toe!
Everything in the future and the past is here right now. Albert Einstein
Great job Hosting last nite at the Prestige Awards...also I forgot to mention the great job you did singing at the Carlsbad5000
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who who don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
"Real Men Drink Pink" - love (The Four Seasons Wine Consultant)
Famous skateboarder LoL
Hi Friends, take the time today to wish my dear Christian Brother a Happy Birthday! And send him an iPad3 for me too! lol
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea (Golden Law) signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
just got back from the science night at school, its sad when a grown adult is to afraid to talk to me....wimp.....
. True, but most people would benefit, An MBA of Hard Knocks can be just as expensive w/o the benefits.
Go hawks!
great record!! what's up, pluuurrrrr?
Grading like its my JOB! oh, wait it is my job.
“: Miami should get rid of Chalmers nd pick up Allen Iverson!!”I would be a HEAT fan then
Relaxing waiting for the hubby to come home....
My brother being a playa <
Looking for the next new arrivals for the boutique!
for real
Come out to MetroDog tomorrow night at the Domain for Mutts and Martinis! Bring your dog for a nail trim!
lets go Dallas!!!!!
It's called an intern :)
Too complex to put in 47 letters but I'll blog it by the end of the day.
stucco contractors fishers indiana, fishers stucco companies, stucco repair fishers indiana, fishers stucco repair, fishers stucco, stucco
I think Spiderman is trying to tell me something LOL..I HAVE NO IDEA but OMG it was one BIG UGLY SPIDER
that's mean!
Sunday fun day! Come on in for some delicious MENUDO!
It definitely doesn't surprise me, but is still sad.
Sitting here feeling irrelevant because I'm not watching Glee
I would:o
Wednesday Thursday Friday Todd!
Just downed several "vodka y sodas con lima" while watching hair metal videos on TVs built into guitar amps... #HardRock baby
That's what you're supposed to tweet next week!
Too bad you are missing out on me 👠
Stefan: "You down to fight Mr. Kaberna? Nah, he's scared." Kaberna: "Yeah, I'm scared that douche-hawk on top of your head might cut me." <3
...still mowing. How much grass can there be in this neighborhood?
Remember this: Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. A Einstein
I never thought that a 61% district would cause someone to throw such a hissy fit. Rep Walz has got to be laughing about that.
Oh my god. I know. It was amazing.
Giving away some #TallyCardz tomorrow. Should I give away 25 or 50?
If you were I'd share you so hard you'd shut down Reddit
My favorite BB team-NY 2nd favorite BB team-any team that beats the Texas r not my 2nd favorite team today.
My hair's finally getting long.
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." ~Johann Lavater
: I love it! I would so totaly do the same thing! haha
I Was Born To Make You Happy. :D
haha good to know we have you on board Buck! Good series, wish it had gone a bit longer, but I'm sure we'll see you again.
Are you doing the circles thing?
RT is looking for a Flash/Flex/ActionScript Designer for a~2wk project onsite in Atlanta if interested
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
yeah, idk i was just trying to cheer you up lol... hope everything turns out for the best
wish you ladies were here!
Now I gotta freaking clean OMG bro I hate this and its not any of my mess I swear I wish I can have my own room
tonight made me realize how much i'll miss the people in my program and especially prague. and also confirmed to me that czechs are assholes
We're glad you enjoyed the show and the venue :)
it's not the right case file...
Many thanks to everyone who joined us for the first ever gala! Great seeing &
I'll kill you.
In fear of john bobbit action, if u dont here from me its because
Knee jerk reactions.
Tyler Champagne and Brandon Tyler Russell both earn bookings today!!! More info to come later.
One of the students asked me how much money there is in writing and nonprofit work. Little, I told him. I was followed by Denise Whiting.
Lowkey... It's kinda hot outside
You did AMAZING on GaGa's song
sorry to hear that, 9 to 5's suck have a great t-day
Austin has no idea how many lives he's saved. He has talked so many people out of suicide, and many other things. He's an amazing person.
why is beer bottle not a refrigerator industry standard? Whole thing is wrecked without proper spacing.
Legit just got attacked by a flying cockroach. Brb crying.
THANK YOU so much for following me!please go follow !itsJADEN SMITHS OFFICIAL ARMY!plz tell ur followers to also
white polo jeans in stock from levi's and wrangler call jc western
“: Taylor swift music >>>” and I go hard to this
I should have a menagerie of falcons by now.
Please follow San Diego CRM on Twitter
i remember when my high school--Dover, would play your high school in Football! Go Greenwave! =)
Pandora and chemistry project. That's what my mothers day consists of..
Thanks bud. Someday, I'll owe you lunch. It'll be glorious.
we got to start getting consestent here
yah I do
Have some surprise guests lined up for the UNICEF charity show... can't wait to share them with you
LIFE=Let It Flow Effortlessly
Friday night with boys. One happy camper.
So, am I finally gonna get some Alverno love in your show??? Hillary was already here, and Abe is coming in 45 minutes! :)
im happy we got you backstage<3 MISS YOU
So listen, I've been trying out classic LA joints and tonight is The Prince. How is their lemon soju?
haha your the First i called this Girl that once and you would thought i killed her mom ha
Woke up early....no work...Wake n Bake all morning long! Mayweather vs Cotto Tonight!
no ma'am
Thank you, wishing you the same.
Gene Smith is on BTN right now: the only person that I'm more surprised to see still employed in Columbus is Demetrious Stanley
Daddy Nose Best to win and Gemologist & I'll Have Another for the Tri!
tell noenickx I said HEY. Just kidding don't she's mean to me.
Exciting things are on the horizons for those willing to take risks and embrace change in hopeful expectation... I dig it!
Oh the false assumptions! "Access" does not equal "organization." Who defines what is "heady"? So much #facepalm going on here!
nothing to get hung about
No. Doubt. Every time I shave I assume someone else in the world is shaving so I say "I'm gonna shave too."
"I’ve got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." ~ Larry Bird
Fuses keep going out. Silly Toby.
with three different accounts I am having #THATCamp schizophrenia ack!!!
San Diego! Incredible entrepreneurs, amazing weather, scrumptious restaurants & desert/beach/mountains are 90 min from each.
I gotta say, though, that my first cabbie was AWESOME.
This may be the worst lecturer ever.
:c aw sorry
That's the Ryan I know! Being a man of style and grace, I think you will find the "Men's Apparel" section especially useful.
would LOVE to see him solo open one of those ryan adams shows on their run together this summer.
#Realbeauty is not something physical. It's not something you find on the surface, it radiates from deep within you...
so whoever wins this year is "perfect"?
It sounds like u all had fun!! Tennis doubles in NYC soon!!:)
What kind of pig do sows dislike? Male Chauvinist Pigs.
see, it's just too cute to resist forever!!
That's a great start to the day...hope the rest is just as wonderful for him :)
I'm dropping my lovelies off at school and then getting real bloodies. My chi is way off!
The only way we could win is if we went our separate ways.. Hurt at first but now I've never felt better
We have been invited to the "Snake Pit" at the Indianapolis 500! May 27th...Will have extra passes, let us know if you need one!
That's mucho pastel, bro.
I actually love this! RT From last night: Lady Gaga Partners with Harvard to Launch Anti-Bullying Born This Way Foundation
Best Marware Samsung Galaxy S I Case
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length. ~Charles de Montesquieu
It's all well and good, but how does Sun Jihai feel about City's win?
follow back please?? (: <3
It was a good guess and their name is so close to ours. Don't think that's a coincidence at all! :-(
RT : Thanks to brent and the good people at for getting FIGHT TO WIN up on the main page in record time!!!
alright jai brooks is fucking hot
and when it comes true.... accept it
just saw your Nationwide Hauler in Texas.
depends on how well you ride your bike. ever go off any sweet jumps?
my girlfriend just told me wen she goes to france for more then a month she wont be able to go on fb </3 gona be hard not talking to her._.
I will find the cure to RLS one day. I hate seeing my best friend deal with this.
": Please believe I hold grudges."-hahaha ditto, if taken to that point
i guess if its a girl her name will be Brooklyn Carter :)
appreciate it thanks-
Perfect! Thank you :)
Am loving this black folks talking about black folks
This time they tweeted unimpeded activity
Need help, card dead and short stacked with 22 left before the money!
I stay in bed and read business magazines to my boyfriend on the weekend so he knows that it's real...
My wife is coloring my daughter's hair...again. God help us.
A girl from something called the vampire diaries has a million dollar necklace on. I'm in the wrong line of work.
Good Afternoon to my new followers and friends! Let's network!!!!!
February 1st....all have a nice month!!!!
“: Read the handbook, folks: A #retweet doesn't count if you have to ask for it.” come on, dude.. #retweet me!
LOOK AT THE PICS ON MY PROFILE THEN :/x
The Scream sold for $119 million? Jeez, is already buying art for the White House?
Whew! Six hours of grading papers. At least they're finally done.
Into the darkness of the resurrected you.
Why are all the mothers day cards pink
I sent my mom a cropped pic of the painted modeling I did. She's still not over the pierced nipples thing
of course I will :-)
When you put your arms around me, you let me know theres nothing in this world i can't do. <3
On a side note, we finally reached 400 followers!! This is deserving of a SKIDDLY DOO! Our tweeps are the fanciest.
DeyWalt: Images from the Geology tour of the New Orleans Katrina Disaster ...
I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying.
I'll take 3 shots of Life on the Rocks
Braun's reputation has taken a hit all because some douche from MLB leaked info to ESPN. Best thing about it, we will never know who it was!
#youknowtheycheating if its always an excuse as to why you cant chill
Im stupid bored
Like us on FACEBOOK! AT Facebook.com/tragedycalledtruth
Could anything be more trite? Glad this "rivalry" is over. Makes adults act with less sophistication than children.
caught up on #newgirl today. bahaha awesome episode, i need a
add me!!!!!! Talkitive71
I'm pretty sure we set a record for balks this year, no doubt
": Descent work out now time for food and hopefully bed action" action in bed, or bed action ...... U still in drought watch 2012? Ha
So why do we think wasn't in the first half?
Spring cleaning and a much needed vacuum
That part makes me sad. My parents are so much happier now that they are retired.
Happy birthday and !!
This lady after introducing her girlfriend to Yoda, then proceeded to lay down in front of him so he could jump on her and lick her face.
that was just funny to me
Selena Gomez Asks Fans For Help With New Fragrance
thats how I feel if I leave my phone at home from working on a Friday or Saturday...boo.
After seeing demo last night, ran win8 on vm today. I really dont get it, came to fullscreen of something, how do i get out of it??
Disappointed that Gratuitous Tank Battles is a tower defense game.
Thank you for helping share the message!
"Pilkopants" ha ha!
I must say I looked stupid for rocking my car back and forth but a boss for not needing any help from the boys !
is ready for another week! Make sure to check out our music, www.myspace.com/tailgatesouth!
#SaySomethin is stuck in my head!!!!!! :)
you see the took another hit with okposo needing shoulder surgery, first streit now okposo. Bummer.
True RT : The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. -Aristotle Onassis
Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust Announces Agreement To Acquire Fully Leased ...
Man!! This rain won't stop!
no but I'll probably be around again tomorrow!
DM and find out
Who else is going to Angels and Kings tonight? See you there hopefully :)
follow mee I'm a big fan
Worldwide- need "Twerkers". Can you dance/twerk? If so, hit me up for a 500 dollar self recorded video opportunity
Mom always finds a way to mess my mood up.
Just said bye to Basia, Aleksa, and Rafa as they make the trek back to MI. Tomorrow will be the first B-day without them! Safe Journey gang
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy!
yay! happy you got the hydration delivery for your running! call me tonight - we need to chat asap!
Airfare Increases and Fees Likely to Rise for Summer
Didn't realize I was 4months post perm... Not team natural but I do wanna stretch this perm
I want to marry
well thats alot of damn weight..
Hey, a fellow ND grad!
Determined to break 500 followers today! Rt and do what you do twitter! Maestro Says is a movement. GET WITH IT OR GET LOST.
Critical Thinking/Problem Solving: Exceeds Expectations
That's taking it to a whole new level! RT : Italy's the only place I've been honked at for *not* running red lights
no one will ever undertand how much it hurts
My hip-baby has grown into normal hips. But I will still keep as my favorite charity.
Looking forward to seeing you both there!
Just as close as Grand Central. Was told Flat Iron/Union Square is a better area to go out.....
Need some help/advice for a job search: Anybody know of entry level opps for Accounting/Fraud Examination/Auditing?
I miss playing Ultimate Frisbee!!
Shout out to everyone at CF Retreat. Have you been following the Fostering Success program at #WMU?
Hey there, SPRING. You look good. We're toasting you at Late Night Happy Hour at 10pm tonight.
The special was immensely overboard & crass. Wade & Bosh are saintly by comparison.
#9ers RT : Are you ready for some football?? What team are you going to watch tomorrow?
Super excited to go to fun. w/ on 4/13 :-)
You're so freaking perfect. 
nigga when you coming back?
All we wanna do is party and bullshit and party and bullshit and party and bullshit~
Been ready for school since 7:30 and I'm still home
oh Joe... & tryna steal your girl
: Thanks for coming by yesterday to check out our new Bikes! exhibit!
I'm dissin' this old woman who's making me want to destroy the news
Haha it is expensive. I mean the student tickets are kinda cheap haha.
Ooh, intriguing. Are you thinking active scheduling (Doodle poll-style), or posting a schedule?
Does the electronic screen have to be leaden? Why not screens that look like gems at rest? [...]
Cranking the Jordan Rudess channel on Pandora Radio today - keeping me going on a busy day!
Congrats to one more young artist targeted by spammers in a weird way a
Did you log it? Like write down the stuff? That looks nasty.
The more you cant have something the more you want it
I love Sungha Jung :) he's amazingg! And you're friends w Neriah rightt? :D She told me that you were :p
Are you (or is your company) participating in the #SOPA / #PIPA blackout this week or is it enough that it's been shelved... for now?
Does running late count as exercise?
Thanks for the RT of Nancy's tweet, Kendra; it's greatly appreciated!
Interesting take on the born digital vs digitized binary. Is it really a binary? Are all digitized items born digital? I have many feels.
that looks pretty funny!
I wish they had your sodas in boring old Indiana. Nothing ever comes here haha.
New Delta snacks including salsa Sunchips and cranberries! Yum!
Hope is what sets us apart from a day we feel we can't do to a day we feel we can do anything.
Cant believe im 19 & im ready move into my 1st house with my BF ..can u say BLESSED !
Does no one enjoy a nice early breakfast on a Saturday in Indy?
I would have to defer you to my linguistics colleagues LOL :)
Titanic with the family<3
“: I love you, can't wait till you come home!” I love you :)
Damn tacos were Bomb!
Still recovering from the weekend in the high country of Virginia but the gears are turning for a music festival in Blue Grass, VA.
shout out to free samples. sams club
Woo hoo I finished 7th in my age group in the 5K last night. Out of 455 total females 20-24! The night run was especially cool!
me: i finished all my terms and names. my history teacher: *laughs* yeah okay. -_- thanks mr gabriel.....
And that is probably the first time I have danced sober at a wedding. The power of zydeco and a pretty girl.
SAT this mourning wish me
okay I am going to sleep now, BYE
I'm straighter than an arrow.
haha yeah right I'm sure you have that problem
Also, we could go sit at Richmond Green because it's gorgeous there. On the weekends, we'd find a way to Jackson's Point. OMGG.
How did the 2-1 Rays-Red Sox game take longer than the 11-7 Twins-Tigers game?
About to crash. Got started on a new track. I'm really trying to steer away from that same old dubstep sound.
RT : RT : Safety first! Win tickets: upload a photo of your to enter! Tag with
at my mother friends house.....i feel somewhat better;)
I'm bout to start doing Zumba again
I would "like" it :) hahah
innovations is partying
unfortunately, I didn't.
Just got installed...geeking out super hard
Whenever I pull out my crockpot, I'm always reminded of how much I LOVE it.
#Glee wants to make me #dance!!
yea, heard the Rangers had some trouble with the Royals. what happened?
I've spent most of the morning trying to organize my various projects & capture all the feature requests for our websites.
A year later, I still miss Dave Niehaus' voice on the radio, especially in the depths of football season.
": # Welcometochicago where they think Harolds on 87th && Dan Ryan is the best!!!" Key word think
Seriously, 10 things I hate about you, top 5 favorite movies.
This game aint over though.
howdy howdy. How r ya?
Winter can be SAD for most people! Try to fight the urge to isolate yourself. Ask for help if you're feeling depressed.
working as fast as I can to get this aritles submitted. Time to put on my cape.
Want to bag a deer just to have deer steaks. Yum
you don even have to ask already on it
Just found out I am working from home today, customers don't want their windows cleaned in the rain...
Skrrt. RT : ora --> RT : A real nigga don't tell a female "I love you" for sex.
is it unfounded, though? or founded all too materially on...*the hostility of objects* OK i've basically written my outline here.
Just when you think everything is all good. . .you find out that it's not :/
We’ve got live and silent auctions starting in 10 minues… proceeds from the auction also go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
like dat tat on yo back...
sick life.
oh fuck yea let's strap those four wheelers on go for a little slate with NAJEE
Not even noon and I've already found 3 crazies. Must be spring in #philly!!
Pretend your a rockstar in the shower
I am gonna fight u for putting it on WOW Gospel. They gonna kick me out my job for laughing
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
Most people are idiots and can't help but what they are... Pretending is an art
RT - At 7 pm tonight, don't forget to catch me and the Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders on #CBS4 Miami for their 1 hr Calend...
Thanks for the RT
Getting ready to teach. How many students will show up for a 5:30 tech writing class on a sunny July night?
It was awesome to visit with you! Looking forward to getting a bite to eat tomorrow and more good conversation!
"Epstein and his minions were relentless." That pretty much shows you the level of objectivity CHB used when writing his article.
New office in the Madison. Welcome to #Detroit!
Rihanna made you red heads, NickiMinaj made you barbies, Cher Lloyd made you shave half your heads and now Beyonce's turned you all pregnant
“: Drinking out of a straw. #ManCardRevoked”
i hope peyton doesnt go to denver
Them Beats Are Superiorly Dope..Firee! Its A Must Do That I Get Some Beats Off For My Album..!
Just watched #ChasingDaytona and feel so bad for and - sometimes racing just ain't fair
lawn diseases are abound right now. Do you have a blotchy lawn? Or dead streaks that look like the follow tire tracks?
awwh): yeahh, someday! i havent met him yet either.
Hi there, it's noon. What's for lunch?
Looking to form volunteer group. #Madison #WI Analyze current #tornado warning system, new tools
I'd hang out there WITHOUT a reason
oh shut up neil u dont know what your talking about
Jersey Shore Italy tomorrow at 10 Pm.... :)
"Optimize or perish." Dave Manzer
wasn't able to watch but, wow, i finally got 1 right... :-D
Thanks for the response! We're looking for new talent to come aboard, we'll review and get back to you if it seems like a fit!
Fun day
That unattractive face you make when you put on Chapstick...
ur so welcome! im pretty sure ur going to Imats! :D
c u in a bid and yes ill be tomorrow for sure!
Scandalous.. she's so SCANDALOUS
Liaisons want to know which databases are in what discipline
#NP Nitrous Oxide - North Pole
": If you're going to be an annoying freshman...don't complain when people say they hate freshman...you're the reason"
Let the church say amand, and amand again lol ( brown voice)
NICE if you actually Banned them.
Punk'd Was Fuckin Awsome!:D but now its time for Vampire Diaries(: <3
There's a gap in fulton mall. I hope ur happy jayz.
jane hoya at prez motorcade outside 1789: "I mean I like tombs but why would they go there? It's like a burger place..."
Chavez singles to bring home Cano :D
My goal is too come back tan
Oh my good lord that's alotta records!
Funny how so many people were shoked he had Justin carry his belt...most dont know they are friends.
pair of gloves would be pretty wicked!!!
At the game with my lil
When was the last time you heard anything relevant about Xavier Henry?
no way!!! High five and Happy Birthday!!!! What r you up to today and this weekend?
Thanks for the follow, I hope you enjoy the free tunes.
Check tonight at #Swvoracious we've got our house spam, spicy cabbage, dijon aioli. See you there!
We're having a Talent Showcase on Friday, September 16, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Our weekly hula show is on Saturday at 1 p.m.
RT : and Dirty Harry not to happy about not getting all those undocumented dumocrats. The Dream of America lives on
Is Charlie Culberson married?
: Yeah I need to get that track. It's nice.
Beautiful morning everyone!
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead this sunday, march 11 @ 2am (or the night before ;) - #ConnectedCulture - Please RT
I know! Thank goodness!
ill think about it
Still can't believe it. R.I.P Whitney Hudson
we'll take those two cents! thx!
All I See Is Fireworks
I'm well. how about you?
If Santorum wants to ban all contraceptives, is he willing to pay for the cost of all unwanted pregnancies? At least John Edwards did that!
S/o to for being my little snowball(:
interesting. So what's the next move?
TITANS GO!!!
Aerial Greenpeace protestor strikes at French nuclear site, dropping smoke bomb on reactor
Half of em gay anyway. lol
At the Renaissance in Atlanta interviewing some remarkable women!
rad! much appreciated!
GET LOU WILLIAMS OUT OF THE FUCKING GAME
As I watch TWC #Irene coverage, my inner Floridian wants to buy canned goods, fill tub w water, bring in patio chairs, tape up windows
Oh oh! Thank goodness you sped up to that red light!
Hello Solomon. I love what you're doing man. This is Real-Talk and I love it. Keep up the great work
Happy Friday! RT if you are glad the weekend is here!
whats your thoughts about where you might head come Thursday?
Thanks Tommy!
Ima vegetables & fruit lovers
Anybody have a Google plus invite. Please send to
Thank you God for another great day I pray I would Go Hard 4 U everyday and shine my light for you and you would get all the glory and honor
dont b pesimistc dont b optmistc, b realistic..& dont tell imprssionble kids "you can b anything u want if you dream big". its nt realistic
I'm so tired of sitting in my room and thinking of the worst possible outcomes to this.
it just is<3
Who are you aiming for?
Today is the 75th anniversary of the world's 1st regualr television service. I wonder if that should be celebrated or simply ignored?
just discovered 's stellar work on - someone please stop me before i place an order for every single thing in her shop...
Thanks for letting me interview you tonight. It was the next best thing to having gone to Camp Firewood.
Free Pizzas at The Place, for the first period of the Bruins Game - check out this cool video - "Black & Yellow, Black & Yellow..."
Let's go to Bradford. Jk, it's a mosh pit again.
Ah i might see LaidBack luke<3:
So what's wrong with her leg? Poor baby. I have a golden retriever so understand the dog-love thing. :-)
Conductive Keratoplasty (refractive surgery) uses radio waves to fix the contour of the cornea by shrinking the corneal collagen around it.
I keep sneezing.. :( and it's giving me a bad headache.
Pathetic is the perfect word Gwen! Thank God for half time!
where are y'all
nobody likes you
Ah...an answer within a non-answer! Ha!
omg is she really??
Annoy a Yanks fan:Tell him you saw the most riveting interview of ARod. Turns out, it was just a documentary on paint drying.
Have you seen Kelly Kapowski lately? RT : Mr. Belding put on a few pounds.
I hate not seeing you, but talking to you makes me so happy
Found the wedding dress!!!!!!
Working on new songs.
Happy 420 to :)
Going to was my car :D
you were the first to respond!
If your a Mahomie or a Belieber go follow she will get people to follow you!!!!! ❤❤ RT if you did!:)
"Horrible Bosses"
You cant change how it was , or how its gonna be
MRT : Agree! #CareerTL2012 tell resume story with graphic such as a chart or QR code extends brand
Dammit, Biden! I voted for you, quit messing with my trip home!
*mom & me in the car* mom: singing to katy perry part of me loudly me: who sings that song mom: katy perry me: ok lets keep it that way!
When I edit papers, I listen to the same song over and over and over again. This week I've cycled through songs.
totally agree.
Yay! RT : ": can I get a RT for my 32nd birthday?"Happy bday my friend!
CBS: DOJ says: Woosley submitted or caused to be submitted approximately 13 fraudulent travel vouchers to ICE, at a cost of $50,637.
Sup big bro? good luck 2nite
Quick dinner: Almond-crusted baked chicken breasts
Again the #Knicks are playing a 5 on 7 game against the #Heat...these fucking refs are sucking dick hard!
POTUS is sounding more like a philosopher today than ever. Unexpected campaign shift to social justice? #Winning?
another sighting of the cute gtown-going neighbor...but he walks too fast to the metro station! i can never catch up
S/O to :D followback?(:
TUNE!!! RT : I'm glad I'm not the only who thinks the beginning of Rustie's "Hover Traps" is similar to the Seinfeld TV Theme song.
this is true. I can pull. Pete Rose.
#TodayisFRIDAY and here at progressive we are celebrating with free bojangles for our customers! just kidding, but we'll work on that
Glad to hear!!
They needed someone and it was a weak QB class! And yes, feeling much better, thank you.
"Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement,achievement, and success have no meaning."
You're still tweeting to Americans, Lisa! #YouKissYourMotherWithThatMouth? RT : cook is cock in Norwegian... kiss the cock.
you're not getting great weather for your visit! Any time to grab coffee while you're in town?
Chia Seeds: Contain 500% more calcium than milk. Try throwing some in your smoothie!
Council marks World Autism Day with STEPS student art show 4:30-6:30 in City Hall.
Everything happens for a reason.
So jealous! Send us some in #DC!
I'm sorry! you woke me up from the dream where i won Miss Czech....of course in this dream i had my mullet
Watched a GREAT movie last night....."Cadillac Records" The birth of Rock and Roll........good stuff
Bill = ruggedly handsome.
About to see the Avengers with
Thank you to , , for a fantastic shoot. Ithyle please make-out with Hank for me, I hear Angela won't. :-)
Huge congratulations to my wife for getting her second degree, and completing her masters. She is officially smarter than me. Crap.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
#ArtFact: Vincent #VanGogh had an older brother who died at birth. His name was also Vincent van Gogh.
#BlackParentQuotes "can i ge-" "do you have some "can i get" money??? NO SO YOU AINT GETTING NOTHING"
Tomorrow I'm releasing a new video on how to create a "Sales Funnel" for your biz to engage more customers. I use my biz as an example.
"I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW WITH MY TOOLS FUCKFACE!"
#WhatHurtsTheMost is Jordan Sandman lied!!
My boyfriend comes back tomorrow!!! :D
arent you a leafs fan?
Overeem's lawyer: He's not taking something to be better...he's..a...in good shape...durrr..durr..durr... I've been in lot's of courtrooms.
Matt's signing his life away 😲
Funny story the station had a traffic reporter tryout several years ago I did it and was hard as heck .
A cop talked to me cuz of my cousins -.-
I cant message you untill you follow me...whats your email?
Thanks! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
ive been good (: how about youu ?
Happy Cinco de Mayo what do you have cooking for #MamasDay2012?
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
Possibly this week? And def next week!
Still can't believe I missed Cam "Goin' Ham" Newton yesterday!!
I love friendly people. The tone in which things are addressed makes all the difference
maybe you should just take fewer photos?
keep the music alive bb
NYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news & photos w hashtag
FOMO - fear of missing out
I define both "check" and "show" as a figurative, intangible life experience.
do you mind if I use this as my facebook status? Lol
Agreed. And that means (IMO) that libraries need to get better at explaining it. Every time there's an outcry, also an oppty
It's such a great feeling to have people really like something you thought of. Gives me hope that maybe I do have good ideas after all. :P
Please can we put en end to the Marky Mark Muscle Beach Steroid Monster and Jason Statham Bam Bam Kung Fu Karate Crap movies. Please
we just had a good time with our closest friends! Great times.
#FollowFriday Photographers who's work we adore
Great C.S.A.(casting society of America) meeting in NYC last night. Thanks Kate!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. ~ Alice Walker
Today is just an awful day.
Love this! You're probably right. What a shame.
Hey! I'm all about advertising. I am. But broadcast tv is out of control. Seriously~ every time I turn on the tube - commercial!
you can delete a tweet if you find a misspelled word in it...... fyi...
If there was ever a player who is awesome in the NBA but would suck in Europe it is Blake Griffin.
check out my graphics on Facebook "Graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what u think!! Thanks
“: : "you didn't order the metallic pea?"
If Our Hero wasn't devoted to all things wholesome, he'd be devoted to ridding the world of Pearl Jam.
Are you going to #marketmix next week? Stop by the table and say hi.
We've teamed up with our favorite bar !! Buy 5 tans get a free drink, buy 5 drinks get a free tan/upgrade!!
Yes it is..No words can describe it!
I don't understand why women in the 1700s dressed super conservatively, but at the same time, were totally down to be in nude portraits.
must be nice to be live from Germantown...lol
Busy last week getting to do what I love most! Might my singing always be the overflow of what the Lord is doing in my heart.
omg!! Me too!! This is gonna be hard!! :(
all you have to do is let me know I would do it ha ha
thanks for the great article!
Watched & Listened to this morning ... Now getting ready 4
Still all sweetness (promise). Just a little late night, full day of designing, wise girl answer ... #whatdidthemagic8ballsay?
Thats a good idea. lets call the whole raw roster on them.
“: Honestly right now I'm feeling like Eff Da World Don't As Me For SHIT!!!” I feel you girl, same boat here
Holy Thursday worship is one of my favorite times in church. Tonight was absolute joy as we connected around the table as Jesus' family.
lol omg I be have 30 kills 5 deaths u must have bad luck
It's very obvious Morales didn't intentionally hit Rhymes.
soo..i didnt even play and im pissed about the result tonight. 9-0 is not acceptable. i just have to make sure i do my thing tomorrow though
Hi! Please follow us. We sell top-of-the-line designer fabrics way below wholesale price!
I'm not sure, but this may be a result of the new "messenger" app from fb. Look into this to keep your friends ph nos private
actually, I'm vampire hunting. The bus ride is just incidental.
Adele - Chasing Pavements !
I finally cried Las night...
Bert Cooper in pajamas
It's only love, baby, that we're falling in.<3
I know the feelin, those are the worst :( Sending some lovin your way, be strong and think positive ok. xoxoxoxo
We might be. I do think there's a certain generation gap. That's my explanation, anyway. It may just be bad :-)
Working at 10 p.m. on a Friday night...that's usually me, someone has to stack that produce.
I did not even think this was possible, but I had *too* much candy today.
Jim Ross shouldn't have been fired
Here is the #Rockies upcoming rotation: Nicasio (Saturday), White (Sunday), Friedrich (Monday), Guthrie (Tuesday).
#ThatMoment when you notice your bleeding from a scratch or something and the pain starts
You should have done it while everyone was out looking at the space shuttle.
I cry every time, so sad
"Social Listening" is an interesting topic (short-sighted IMHO). If U really want to analyze the conversation, provoke & enable it!
good luck hunting
Glad Kanye changed out of the skirt he was wearing.
RT "Consider any boundaries that you come up against this week as challenges to your imagination."
RT : Music is not a career option.
Goodnight ! Can't Wait For #boyfriend music video!❤
YES. Hah tell them I said hi :) I love them lol text me sometime!
How about more news about people who want the Beavers to stay, rather than quietly accepting it as PDX baseball's "last chance"?
Some people just don't get the hint, time to drop bombs
I think you're about five years too late.
these demands require me to watch gangland on netflix and take a nap. which were done simultaneously.
Could you follow me? Can we DM? :D
dude I have dl all your mixes/tracks etc from the last year I always keep up w/you thank you for inspiring my sound!!
schoolwork and a callback....maybe a dance class tonight. That's about it :)
Watching Pretty little liars ;D
At least isn't afraid to admit he can't dance!
Grandma Erdmann's punch bowl cookies were, as always, a big hit today at work! :)
Tonight I learned about "cuddle puddles" from Educational evening.
LOL! Thx buddy...one troop at a time. HA!!
OMG. I would like 2 say HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) Have a GREAT one <3 <3 =]
Hey! I was wondering if you were still selling the 'Love Hope Understanding' bracelet, I'd like to get another! :)
Watching the Rock and Roll Hall ceremony on HBO tomorrow night in a whole different light after MCA's passing.
& networking lol “: sitting with at #wcmia yay for new friends!!”
That is insane but impressive.
I'm so excited for today! Co-op and then band practice! Yay! ;)
Happy Monday! Did anyone go see #WARRIOR over the weekend? If so, what'd you think?
Put yourself in a better frame of mind this weekend and experience !
We have the best cheerleaders in the world <3 Go Falcons ;)
- yeah, upset that Rodney won't be on drums in Bloomington, but excited that Bernie Worrell will be on keys.
that sounds great!
Snoring was one thing; half a dead frog w/the legs hanging out of his mouth is another.
Grinding like a skate border
probably within a week or so
It's so darn ironic how the person who gives you the most strength is also your greatest weakness.
Can't wait to get home I finnaly get to play starcraft 2 and crysis ^_^ I may stop console gaming xD
Gladiator could be the best movie ever.
Some things never change
hi from twitter http://
You'll have to translate that box for me,
Mr. President. Stop telegraphing your passes dammit! You filed a Jobs Bill Don't tell em you'll take half loaf now even if you will.
will #Tweet for #PBR :)
People be looking at me weird cuz i wiped my dest with a sanitizer wipe.. tf? That's wtf they're here for.
Breckenridge was amazing!
Thanks for reading!
not supposed to be changed but they have been getting around it, through loopholes. its amazing
“: Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James”
Aw shucks. The whole one, you say!? That's my favorite!
I'm so excited to see , and tonight I could just do a happy dance all day!
Yo Andrew Luck you can afford a better cell phone now bro.
"I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?" - Benjamin Disraeli
#RamdonTweets Im A Vampire!!! True Shiznit
A snitch niggaaaa that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
": "You get bored... you just wanna eat." #WeightOfTheNation" bored, sad, stressed...and so on
You know when I said large doses of caffeine didn't affect me? Well, I'm still awake, so some things DO Chanel.
Scissoring huh? RT : just asked me to have babies with her o.O
well guess who the homewrecker is ?
I'm sure he would be honored
Over 3,000 local views a week & growing fast! Make sure to add your EVENTS! We Share Your Posts on Twitter as well
Fantastic news! Also, thanks for PaleyFest. You guys are the nicest TV stars ever.
#NeverShouldYouEver take my love for granted you will not get no other like it nor will you get it just the same.
It is so SO COLD here in tijuana :c
The Return Of The Crazy 2012 its coming
The Help is a great movie everyone should see it !
luckiest team in sports
Thank you Luisa, I appreciate it :)
I'd be shocked if not.
Who is this? Eric?
Curling my hairr!
We'll save that assignment for another day. Just for you! ;-) Hope you feel better soon
seriously, can you tell me what it's about?
slop me with Ben & Jerry's
Change of schedule.
Someday I would love to write my memoirs bout my experiences and family n prob would call it 'The Closet Christian' or 'The Last Generation'
I know, sick of this bullshit. go for the jugular
"She comes to me in my dreams Like a love song And I awake only to hear her go" - "What Can I Say (For Millicent)"
I'll post pictures once/if we get him. Fingers crossed
yea its huge
I think they call that a sabatical
AMANDA IS GONE. THE WORLD IS UPSIDE DOWN.
And it's a fact. Canada is the BEST team in the world!!! #hockey #olympics now must run and catch my bus home from NYC
RT : #wearing sailor stripe tee, wide leg pants, "Martina" orange wedge sandals silver cuff
I put my son in a car seat because he falls asleep right away and gets heavy lol.
i wish would follow me
thanks! You too!
what were the packets for and who was the lady
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 46
“: If you want it bad enough then you'll put in the work.”
RT : STUFFED BACON, BLACK & BLEU: Burger, stuffed w/ bacon & bleu cheese, topped w/ cracked black pepper. Can you say yum?
your grapefruit soju makes me happy... 감사합니다
I bet you wish you could remember.
absolutely! An adventure!
If you're going rewrite someone else's reported info, at least get the info correct. Copy/Paste would have been more accurate.
With due credit to the sage : it's Sack-Grab O'Clock for the #Caps. Let's go, Boys.
Can I come over & plug my guitar into your PA?
You don't know you're beautiful .
Watched a decent little indie flick called Forget Me Not. Started badly and pulled together relatively well. #Ghoststories Anyone else seen?
Bo :( RT: You are bad luck for the Rangers! No more games for you!
We're closing the office from 11:30-1:30 (Central) today for a special company meeting. We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
What are the odds?!
Off to catch the early train to NYC, should be a great and productive day!
i love you so much
Happy to be aLive today! Thanks God!
I need something to do.
The Monumental Pasta dinner is at the Sheraton City Centre Panorama Ballroom overlooking Monument Circle. Two seatings 5&6pm.
when are you posting the next part
I would say no anyways..no offense but I'm not getting my heart broken again.
I will never say never! I will fight till forever! ♥
Thank 2 everyone who came out last night a lot of love and support 4 ur Boi Dj paul X
Thanks Ronnie for playing Pearcey on the radio again.
Idk - I think a combination of cost, intense-ness of the packet and that they weren't prepared?
“: "I wasn't that drunk.."Dude, you hugged an old guy with a white beard and cried, "DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE BACK!"” lol
That Jamie Mackey goal may sound the death knell for #ManCity's #EPL championship hopes. Horrible breakdown on D.
my last #night #out in the #city for a few weeks. i'll be back!
That wasnt #Bigfoot they filmed in the woods. #ThatsMyDad stumbling around drunk & shirtless, lookin for a tree to "drain his rooster" on..
Getting a pedicure is pointless..
Hi there, thanks for reaching out. We're all set at this time.
congrats on the new digs, guys! any band space in there? :)
I can't believe I still haven't started Arkham City. I've had it for months now.
I am for sure!! We love you here in Chicago!
“I know three things will never be believed – the true, the probable, and the logical."~John Steinbeck
trying to get a hold of you guys to line up a show or two. What's the best way to go?
Don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage.
I still L❤VE you :)
Branding tip: What experience do you offer to the people that listen to your music that no one else can offer?
RT words to solve Sharon Angle's confusion about evolution: Common Descent. Three words: High School Science
Slow Down & Enjoy Life. It's Not Only the Scenery You Miss by Going 2 Fast…You Also Miss the Sense of Where You're Going, and Why...
In biology. With xochilt and we bout to ve out this bitch in about 20min
Lesson 11 for young leaders. Once you are so good they can't forget you, they will attack you. Shine on! It is about your light.
Are you gonna hire DJ tt126 for your next party?
BIDEN's such a natural talent, he WOULD'VE SIDED with HITLER in 1944.
Just 6 days until an all new season of
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says “Hello” and you say “Good, thanks!”
I hope it brews back up again. I love the sound of thunder.
Back from the PDN PhotoPlus Expo in New York. Other than the Canon 1DX there was little new in the DSLR world.
We all love a good walk-off. GREAT GAME
ain't no stopin the storm that's coming!
lol no ... I came at you RIGHT . That's how I felt !
holiday should b celebrated 7 days!
After his newest triumph, a fake account will happen any day now...congrats, buddy!
dollars waiting on a dimes... the Acres has poofs of the dust.
I wanna try chips. I think it's kinda tough for salads raw. Good thing we're eating tonight
Congrats "Late Night WONK" Steve Demarest, our Week 3 #wonk photo winner! We're in our final contest week, so keep the submissions coming.
Dear , we love you more than you could ever imagine. you mean the world to us<3 Love, your #Mahomies<3
what up
Just got the best email from one of our Street Style gals. That just made our day!!!
So excited to be back in Ohio! Home sweet home.
Just biked 2 miles to grandmas house with flat tires cuz she wasn't answering her phone and I need a ride somewhere else... She's not home!
can you find out when you have practice? Please :)
The financial aspect of it involves a lot of things. It's that way because of Title IX. Why pay athletes in non-rev sports?
Unfortunately it's study time... I have a long night ahead of me
Man Vs. Food and thinking about a QT run.
let's follow each other and stay in touch. I would like like that..
I know! Haha Im cracking up right now
Ordering pizza tonight - trying zpizza's new wings.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend like &/or , jk. my friends are better than yours. <3
The best part about living in Texas may be that I don't have to watch the continuous Minnesota Viking collapses every week...
Anyone who tells me their site works best with IE and suggests that it is the only way I can access my account info needs to be bludgeoned.
Tired as heck. Not feelin up to running today this meet will be interesting.
Best cover photo of the year award goes to me
Reasons I pass out paper for teachers; 5% to be helpful. 30% to walk around & talk to friends. 65% to see everyone elses grades.
i need 3 more followers
facebook ac.disable :"{
Whatever, bro. Stop looking at nudie pics at work.
RT : Rick Santorum's childhood nickname was "Mr. Santorum."
going to PuzzleDay at Microsoft
Kobe is not losing this game. S/N: Farragos has a great all day happy hour on Thursday.
Is it just me or is Twitter Buggin cause I can't Tweet Da Right way.
did you really have to tell the whole entire twitter world that I'm on my period?
i don't know bro, they had me at "roasted".
This What I Get For Wishful Thinking...
I was sick a week ago, hope i didn't spread it :P
for real!!!
I had Starbucks for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Amazingly beautiful. Thanks for sharing!
I know, huh! Now I guess I better grow up!
Made it to port Townsend #slog #headwinds #heavySeas #sunburn #safelyInPort!
thank you! YOU'VE been missed!
HIDE N SEEK IN 96th st WALMART THIS SATURDAY!!! Shit just got real people. Who's down?
lol we are trending a bunch of #pornstars lol #IfOnly everyone knew the real meaning of #squirting!
New Fav book: Classy by Derek Blasberg. Amazing must have book all about being a lady.
Man! I'm making all kinds of friends tonight! :)
About to watch the Timberwolves-Blazers game on Get to see some of my favorite players in the NBA: Rubio, Aldridge, Derrick Williams
If I could afford it, I'd bring my snuggie for the day and watch every one of them.
Writing a paper on the Truman Doctrine while watching Science of Dogs.
Or at least the East Coast huh?! Lol RT : can u bring it to NY next Jamil
Thanks to Whitney Houston my kids are now afraid of the bath
I have the best boy friend in the world! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! 😍😘😊
This guy in my class sounds exactly like Charlie Day. Please talk more, you make me smile.
Beer before liquor, never been sicker. Liquor before beer, do it in the rear....or something.
They say it's a broken heart, but I hurt in my whole body
lol your so cute oh and don't forget jasras u.freeware lol
save me some
You have a cool job, you know?
Pure awesomeness.
Thanks for the shout out! CHEERS!
I had So much fun last night! THank You
taking it easy for the night...
I don't notice Levi's ads since. I avoid anything I can get at Sears. Was it any good?
Aww hell! Its Friday! Trouble time
You said "Thx for following." and i'm saying yw :P
Declarations committee unveiling the list of demands
#ICantStandWhen people ignore me:/
You ain't. Gotta nough. Money.
Morning from Chicago, we are supposed to hit 75 degree's today!
so sorry!
We are not one and the same, nigga i'm fucking insane
"Have faith in your dreams, and someday your rainbow will come smiling through. –Cinderella"
Oh now I see. #Follow Saturday
It is about 80 degrees in the newsroom right now. I might need to set up camp in the machine room.
Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
it was great meeting you. I will send my pictures soon. That's the problem of not having data access while traveling.
It's all fun & games until someone farts
Heading put on a jet plane don't know when we'll be back again... #Tampa xoxo
I have the best hubby in the world who did the kids morning routine with them and let me sleep in AGAIN
#MyBiggestProblem is figuring out a career when I'm good at so many things. Does being a professional narcissist pay well?
Any Wisconsin and/or Milwaukee bands heading to #CMJ this year? Looking to shoot photo/video at the fest
Well it wouldn't be a nano, but it would certainly be pretty small production. ps. I wouldnt be the one buying it, ha.
Listening and watching a great webinar from Watch out for my blog post about it!
