yes yes yes!
No. 3 Denver is the only higher seeded team to win tonight in the SBC Tourney today: No. 5 N. Texas, No. 7 WKU & No. 9 Arkansas St. all won
RT wanna meet me and for drinks for their bday? We have 2 hours left!
I miss you muchly ♥
Glee By:Chris Colfer,Darren Criss♥
:: Here come the Hawks... the mighty Blackhawks!
R.i.p. the misqito i just killed. on another note haha sucka u dead
Trip from salt lake is taking FOREVER!!!! Seen 6 truck blown over from the +60mph winds. This is crazy :0
There are much worse things to be. Cusack is the man. :)
gotcha. Good luck!
new boner city?
UNR students rock! This week (it's only noon on Friday now) we have printed 165 posters! Good going students & employees!
your bliss? lol
I have never tried one, sounds good!
Baby you light my world like nobody else
S/o to my new follower Long time no see.
Happy late birthday We're all pulling for you! :)
Any career is possible if you opt for online college education. Step into the world of IT, become a lawyer or take on nursing
dude you're not even that great, hop off your horse and pull your head out of your ass.
i only wish it was fresher data
Deadpool or Highlander...what do you think I want more?
Damn these women, . . all they do is talk about EACH OTHER
I have not been on twitter all day!
oh okay gotcchhaa
Knock 'em dead tomorrow!!!
Elevation Burger in Fall's Church is a bit of a trek but worth it!
He sounds like a smart, humble man!
False. Think that everyone you start to date will be you're hus/wife is how you SHOUKD think.
sparky is going to do it or you. Get 80 quid in the sock and get to blackpool.
I can see that.
She's going to say something like, "If I hadn't said anything, people wouldn't have voted for you." RUDE
Thanks for the #Wordpress plugin profiling report from !
Satisfaction is not always the fulfillment of what you want; it is the realization of how blessed you are for what you have.
So I ordered my first Gluten free Vegan cookbook. We are doing mostly vegan to help our blood pressure when I eat red meat my bp skyrockets
Big shout out to our friend for representing all things #GEEBZ down in Kansas City!
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty—Coco Chanel
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
im starving
Why do girls always want the bad boys knowin they're no good for them? That's always my problem. good boys are No fun! oh man.
Guess Amy winehouse isn't goin to rehab ... :/ eh not surprised but it is sad!
RT : You absolutely made my day! LOVE being a Spider (& a member of the Tribe)
How...? why...? I don't understand how that happened...
Leo/Scorpio difficult match? Did u make that up? My hubby-Scorpio and I, a Leo have been married for 351/2 years!!
Wheat fields and music go hand in hand. I'll prove it in the next five years.
I'd give you some of mine if I could(:
#Emmy entry deadline is tomorrow!
representin UK at Jordan brand classic!
We will be at the Omaha Civic Center in Omaha Nebraska this weekend April 13th-15th. Come see us if you are in the area.
What said!
Goin campin! So excited to be surrounded by redwood trees and the constant singing of the forest
Will be soon! CU there?! I got new CD today and LOVE it. RT did you get tix to #rodrigoygabriela yet?
": Wish yall females would clean yalls room when ya take a pic. Damn". They must be fugly if you notice they room!
Dr. McCray is the only black tenure-track professor in the Architecture school. She says we need more black scholars.
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
u mean eyeshadows?
Do you like the Texas country music scene?
LOL! I didn't realize how hard it was to play BF3 with you. lol damn that kid was excited
I close my eyes and beg for peace.
Railroad construction 100ft from my bed. This doesn't bode well for that sleep I wanted.
Haven't written an essay in forever. Kinda rusty..
only in new york..
Truly a day to remember for entrepreneurs, investors and anyone with a dream.
Seriously, WHAT IS THE RUSH?! This has gotten completely out of hand.
(: little mermaid 😘
Please Retweet ~ Vote Now ~ www.budurl.com/sexiest ~ Vegans Unite
Yes, they are all me =)
It sucks that I barely have cousins here
oh mine are rats, spiders, and jack frost
It's not "turning me on" hahaha
I'm obsessed with the film score for Road to Perdition by Thomas Newman, what an amazing composer
No work...no school...no kids all week. Slept for 12 hours!
Happy Mothers Day to my Porn Mommy :(( miss ya
Chase is very good
": Guns don't kill people. Dads with pretty daughters do." I just LMAO @ the fact my cousin retweeted this
Oh i agree, Rachel is a whiny B-word. The two of them only care about camera time.
Yep, I know, but I got those because I'm going to eat them!:D
Not fair trade. Boh's, biggest plantation in Malaysia. Tried their premium black tea. It was good, but not like yours!
You can bandage the damage, you never really can fix a heart.
Santa's work is done. Chele and I are just waiting for her family to arrive. Merry Christmas
I love when my tumblr twitter girl answer me :) even if she type just one word, it make me smile,I'm her cutepieceofshitsweet :3
I'm going to send this over to the Space Day coordinator and hopefully I will have an answer for you soon!
yo follow me
Fun day with Payton, Bailey, and Levi :D Rode dirtbikes for the first time :)
Hello? (-.0) I woke up in the middle of the night.. Might as well do another fact.. fact #9: Ive never actually gone up the attic in my ...
and the way that thing was shot! In the perspective of cameras like OMG POWERFUL!!!
RIP Donna Summers Queen of Disco :(
Man, I'm beyond ready for that movie!
This is game 7 in the NBA playoffs. Unreal.
My new motto. Please dont come to me with problems, identify the problems and come to me with solutions.
Our newest followers. Thank you for supporting the Black Lab!
This is what happens when i play DMX
Happy National Poetry Month! Just read "el momento más grave de la vida" at the International Poetry Reading at
yes! chai/coffee soon for sure. whenever you are around these parts...
can't wait to try your #peanutfree #glutenfree products! Thx. Order placed tonight.
You'll have to introduce me to your elders. Maybe I can learn a thing or too :)
but not missing Potbelly.
Why do I bother trying
With how much I look at bikes and tweet, I'm simply amazed at how much work I actually get done.
you are an awesome!!!! And my favorite gamer!! :D
So happy to have found Davidson's pasteurized eggs 's, only way a pregnant chick can eat runny eggs!
Haven't had the chance to read all the way through it yet.
ok st. elsewhere
Not enough nails and etc to put my entertainment center together. WTF!
Follow back please ,
Just left texas this morning. Now im in fort Lauderdale. I cant wait to get to dc doe.
Just finished reading "The Talent Code" now I'm looking for a new read... Any suggestions?
One week away from our cd release of "Who I've Become EP" who wants a free copy? "Like" us on Facebook for more details!
(W)hat (I)s a (R)elation(S)hip (W)ith(O)ut (T)rust
#oomf going off over a female. smh and continues to read tweets
We can't wait to have you in too! :)
NLM Update- New-Environmental Health Student Portal
i don't want to present anways..Hope me & keli go on monday.
"Every time you walk in the room can't help myself I wanna be with you...I keep my cool one more time and you just keep on walking by"
Digging "Arms of California" and "You Really Got Me." Are you guys signed? The album sounds great
just finished LEGEND by it was AMAZING!!
watching teen mom 2 can't wait to watch the new game tonite.
of course! Your level of determination and motivation is AWESOME! :) Hope you are having a great week as well!
Double YUM Rainbows & Super Winning!! Thanks for buying.
agreed. looking at decarta which uses navteq and tele-atlas data.
Had to block a few people.
Can We Get #BoyzOnEllen Trending ?!!♥
Training training training!
sleeping with sirens, black veil brides,falling in reverse, motionless in white.........AMAZING
oh so now u want to hang
Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
have you guys moved yet?
Milwaukee Woman of the day!!!! !!!You win a night in the lovely Potawatomi Bingo casino with $200 dollars gift card !!!!!!!!
i want to follow me too does she hate me now im litteraly crying ok calm down tatiana
eating & watching the notebook w/my bby : )
Nice lateral by Case. Too bad that his backwards passes are better than the forward ones.
Probably, since most of everything isn't all that smart.
This lady on the bus who's treating her lil girl like shit <<<
I keep trying to give flies the "leave it" command. It doesn't work.
I was thing about trying that one
its goin down
THE VIEW: You Go Whoopi! Miranda Lambert SHUT UP!
I come to school feeling out of place
RT <3 When I listen to it reminds me of ^.^
Looking for macro which can tell me calling function of current function (i.e. __FUNCTION__), anyone know that?
Digital often kills retail sales, and its likely that #videogames may have the same fate as music and books when sold at...
wonder how many games he'll be suspended for that.
#webwise katrina and pre-1950s film archive both examples where a lot of data was lost
Playoff #NHL hockey is unbelievable. Blackhawks tie the game w/ 5 seconds left!!!
I'd drink nothing but Coors for a year if Tebow would disappear.
I am the real .... Now bring yourself TO and maybe will play you 1on1...
i'm at alterra...where is you?
Good luck to #Chelsea today!
Do sandwiches actually taste different upside-down?
OMFG! That was too funny!
on ESPN 1500 right now we have #UHbsb vs. #SacState - Don Robbs bringing you the action, followed by State Championship games
I hate those *imagine twitters, it's like cute but SHUT THE FUDGE UP & STOP IMAGINING ALREADY.
I can't view the links you posted for Gina Brillon and Doug Schneider. Is there a version that doesn't require a facebook login?
lol..yea cuzzo my mike game kinda strong
Thanks.....cherry?! lol You rock...did you start TPTI?
haha. The Broken Bells playlist is usually good, but it's not perfect.
lol nope!! Not on my watch
I am in so much shock & tearing at the same time. my heart is heavy
New Client: Socias Trail Group - Website design, CMS, and biz cards. Stay tuned for launch date!
Drinking wine and about to watch an intimate show with Broadway star Orfeh!! (@ Feinstein's at Loews Regency w/ 2 others)
oh no! I will have to go and check it out. Busy streak and not much playtime. Missed you too. A lot.
Smells like there's a fire. Anyone know where it is?
I'm expecting full updates! It will be around 3am when the draft starts here, and the ravens should pick aroun when I wake up
Kmsl. Kenya wanna fight now cause she fucking caught in a lie. Ha. I don't like her crazy ass.
thank you for the follows :) Cheers!
You and me could write a bad romance ;)
time to get out the crib
Angela bassett crazy as hell in this movie
Thank u, I'm sure I will! I just worry about my Nana now! She seems strong now, but not sure what will happen in a few days!
Happy mothers day again to all mothers around the world
The fact that mikey blamed me for us not chillin when he knows its his fault <<<<< lol
Pot Belly's pizza sub is so good
Will definitely be joining the next chat in the New Year. Sorry I missed this one
I want to go to the shooting range.
Happy Wednesday! What are you doing to get over the "hump"?
#SOAR Unrelenting disappointment leaves you heartsick, but a sudden good break can turn life around" Proverbs 13:12 MSG
": Doesn't Phil Jackson remind you of the dude from men's warehouse "you're gonna love our suits. I guarantee it"" Yes !
More negative economic news, thnks Obama. I'm know the Pres has little impact on the econom., but makes me feel good to hate on him
Use to be my cuddy buddy now we CANT BE FRIENDS
I believe it! I use my phone(s) for everything but that # *sounds* high, huh?
I'm headed your way Jose!
Grad school doesn't work like that :) It's more like: how original is this?
Beautiful day. Played campus golf for the first time. #whodoesn'tlovefreegolf?
Spotlight on Sentinel-2
karaoke can honestly lift anyones spirits! It was karaoke right? Or was it a performance? Those can do the same thing! <3
I turn 22 in 124 but who's counting? And how many days will it be until I see you again mr bruno?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 13
ok I'll try to.
Thanks for joining #HITsm today! Hope to see you at a future chat. :)
Finally figured out how to work this grading thing in blackboard. Now to grade all night to make up for my failures as an online teacher.
Quit telling me to RT for a shoutout !!!! That shits annoying to see al the way down my TL.
glad to hear youre painting. For inspiration, look at abstract expressionist mark rothko
The word of the day is: Food Glue.
Why all they hair dry #nshit in this game?
I would seriously consider trading kisses for entertainment right now. They'd be Melky kisses, but he'd be totally sincere.
Also, text driving is harder w/ a stickshift
#RyanKennedy is a real life hero
I would probably piss myself and cry anyway I just want to be calm when it happens. Because zombies are not to be underestimated.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the staircase." -- Martin Luther King, Jr., civil rights leader
so you're saying Wisco should refrain from selling wine? Hm.
Haha i can agree with that. That's dumb. The world's going to end!!
OH! Maybe a B&W photo of Atticus & Scout, and then write over it? (I almost DMd you from the store for help choosing, btw.)
This one works, I used it! I don't have my homework Mrs./Mr.______ because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Hmm. To play this show in OKC in 4 days or to not. That is the question.
I think I just died. RT : #NeverShouldYouEver drink behind magic johnson. Lol
All eyez on me.
my tears dry on their own
S/O to A.Y.S newest supporter
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets!
I love you. 73 days til I see you
I LOVE MORE THAN BOTH OF THEM.
Do you think you will be as strong as ever at Indy this year, you've been great the past couple years
S'long, #REM. You meant a lot to me in my teenagerhood. Vaya con Dios.
hooking up the half price appetizers!
Why does Zillow say my house is worth a gajillion dollars?
It's going to be the greatest movie ever.
I've decided I want an irish wedding with Kate Bush singing jig of life.
But it was fun:)
same here.
How many millions do I win for matching one number?
We will keep the tweets alive #amasummit will never die :)
¡Buenos dias Area de la Bahia! / Good Morning Bay Area!
lop swear they b the funniest n a mature crowd
LMAO Kevin!!! They dont' know boundaries except those on the field...lol
Hilarious listening to hippies at the Whole Foods in the Sloop trying to organize a #NATO protest. "See you Sunday in the STREETS!"
Retrain Tip: Emerging research shows tart cherry juice is RICH in antioxidants benefits sleep, relieves arthritis & tastes great!
God bless you and your household brother.
those numbers sound promising! :)
Time for this lakeshow! Let's get this W
Thank you!!! RT : peeps were AWESOME at Taste of the NFL!
My heart almost lept out of my chest!
Noah's favorite marble maze at Children's Hospital Minneapolis. He has enjoyed it since he was little.
"seats taken"
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine. Joan Collins
Yes, I vote you be in one.
I'll take a look at it when I get home from work today.
It's a beautiful city...
Taking your kids to soccer or swim classes? Plan routes and timing to avoid heavy periods of traffic.
Why is Facebook chat confusing now? Perfect time for Google+ to swoop in
I don't hate Apple either, by any means. I use a Mac Air myself. I just don't subscribe to the cult of Apple that's so pervasive.
I think ESPN just elected B Harper President.
Isn't that the truth !
A3) Such a sad waste and loss of potential! Have seen it so many times with my students.
Tune in to at noon for everything 95.7FM
Woo hoo!!! Just got my 8th IMDB credit for "Couples", I get to work with some of my favorite people and some new ones!!!
BBJ Biz Buzz Awards and Top Singles party tonight. Super social mode.
Congrats Tito! Let's start working on the next 500.
Accounting firms that are used to dealing with nonprofits will know about the 501 form
happy birthday to you buzz!! Enjoy ur day/night!!
Share share
Itz great to see #RickyWilliams running the ball the way he did back in his college dayz! GREAT GAME!
It's like Case thinks Dreadlocks is on our side. Is that guy beating our own receivers in passes caught from McCoy?
!! RT : New Statewide Farm Brewery license created, allows for brewing, tastings so long as MD agr prods are used in brewing.
I have only been able to get myself to watch 8 plays from this game...and its all been terrible. Where's OK state when you need them?
LMFAOO RT Time to sleep , but b4 we sleep please open your bible to Torres Chapter 10 vs 11, "Messi Weeps" . Goodnite all
you at camp or still in Stl?
You can't have a Tea Party without the tea.
Last night was horrible. Locked keys in car, 2 broken ATMs and then got towed & didn't have the paperwork to get it out. :(
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ... Cmon Please? Help A Mahomie Out <3 FOLLOW PELASE? <3 <3 <3
Side note: WHO is ready for RECORD STORE DAY? Mark your calendars, this year it falls on 4/21!
I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :-(
you will indeed kind sir
Homework and bed :P
it's mostly for security purposes
yes! Dont worry... it'll happen... I will make it happen.... haha
Prom for me was 3 years ago! And I am going to a bachelorette party this weekend instead. Times have changed.
try currently Free Beta real estate listing - syndication should be live in a week- looking for feedback
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
Hey fans, Charles here. I would like to know, how far can you run with 50 pounds of gear on your back?
that stink :(
you're a good egg, sir. Happy mothers day to you :-)
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
Was tempted to try it, haven't been pulled away from Bf3 or the Diablo 3 beta yet though.
Ah, New Girl! Such a good end to the season.
First you are dumbfounded, then you get angry and then you get active. And if you remain dumbfounded... please get out of the way!
Cute wall posts on facebook >
Did you eat some bread too?
master in Spanish prisoner fluency
Watch #garyjohnson live at a town hall meeting right now at
The pollyanna in me doesn't want to, but the realist in me agrees...
It's 5:00 already come back home!!! :-)
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Haha, Our subtitute teacher give us Free time we still have 25 minutes till the bell ring.
aww, thanks :-)! It's a busy weekend at Actor's Key. I was lucky to get a lunch lol.
Great to cross paths. We share the same mission of building a #sustainable #food #system. Looking forward to your Tweets.
4/23/1799->J. McHenry: ...we may regret the loss, though we submit to the disappointment....
vperryky: Thanks again for the awesome support of SLA!!
I love spending time with my family <3
Haha can't taste good. Esp coming from SkyMall RT : protein ketchup??
I don't think so! I look forward to meeting you tomorrow!
Seriously. Absolutely crushes by old macbook w/ 2gb of ram every single day. Someone has to do it.
Fukin in the sand>>>>dream come true!
he should come to with us tomorrow! I drove by today and omg it looks like something you'd find in disney!
Perhaps a scene where they're playing poker and the Jewish friend tells Jobs that he has a straight.
#getaclue President Obama invoking the 14th amendment is not a solution.
I've noticed! #nojoke ": When a #Libra smiles, the whole world smiles too."
Time moves slower and I fell in love more than you, so you can see just create it.
RT if you'd rather go to school 4 days a week & add an extra hour & a half or so then going 5 days.
Wish it was already over.....
Just enjoyed an awesome cook out. Thanks for hooking up with some good ass grub.
All American Quarter Horse Congress 2011 people! Get pumped!!!
JobSeekerTip: Interviews are like the courting stages of a relationship--don't bash the ex, it only makes you look bad.
So how you been gurlllll?
Rain rain...go away!
LAkers could have used you this year.
Lindseeeyyyy ; we can talk about it too because we know that we pretty and if macie know she is to, then sing it with us
changed the world from his college dorm room, so can you! Visit DellChallenge.org
Not present in cElementTree, only in ElementTree, perhaps?
The nurse that takes care of my granny is an angel... I'm so grateful.
how do i do that
Is now watching The Haunting in Connecticut.. #DarkAssHell in this house lol
sure :D
Just two more weeks until Oak Tree. It's time for you to take the crown from Rosario.
No pappadums tonight but I'll fry some up to go with the leftovers tomorrow!
Google offered (attractively) "library as loss leader." Amazon moving into libspace as well (conflating Prime w Amazon)
Should I JailBait my phone or no??
I left my heart with my phone in my center console.
Last evening of the special sale at Chrysostom Press! Enter the code PreLent for a 25% disc. on everything as well as free shipping!
Holy cow #30RockLIVE was amazing tonight! If you missed it, SHAME ON YOU!
you should give #heroku a try. It really takes away a lot of the pain. I've had a very good experience thus far.
When I was 8 I was obsessed w/ it.
I know, I know. But THAT'S NOT FAIR. I have a month :((
Since “He is my refuge & my fortress; in Him I will trust," I will not speak negative words & be fearful like the people of the world.
i dunno... do we really need more bad dubstep songs? remixes by great producers are better, i'd think ;)
Hey, I took care of it dangit!! Found it on the floor dead this am. Twas but a cricket. ;)
and , I see "the other station" has ripped off our followers idea, but only on Facebook.
oh hello Serena!:) haha! with your twin Fendi bag&now Marc Jacobs Ipad case, fashionista thinks alike!:) <3
Well I still say rematch for National Title. No one else is even close to these two
thanks so much!!!!
i like the idea of using pinterest for teaching...thanks.
crickets “: raise your hand if you think Obama is "evolving" on same sex marriage + isnt yet intellectually in support of it.”
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same, but we're making all the same mistaaakkeesss
When I am waiting on a package, I seriously check the tracking information 5 times a day!
Getting ready for some overtime Flyers hockey with
big loss for your bulls.
Every time I go in the building with McDonald's ppl trip out. I'm putting it in a black beauty supply bag and see what happens.
Why is Square One by the story of my life...
CRITERION ALERT: there's a used copy of the OOP GRAND ILLUSION going for $20 at CD TRADER in Tarzana NOW!
Perhaps we should just go out to lunch ...
will do “: you welcome and definitely!! Contact me at :)”
Just got home. Now its time to play some 2k12.
It's like you're another person on the internet, and a different person in real life.
Back to finishing up posts for tomorrow for Great chat everyone! Can't wait 'till next week :)
I can always count on you for a frosty beverage. :)
RT after a hiatus due to illness. I'm back !! #gymtime >> back, better than ever
#20thingsaboutme 18. i have trusting issues.
♬ Paul Anka wrote songs relevant to experiences while on stage & isolated on tour, he wrote "Lonely Boy" & "Lay Your Head On My Shoulder" ♬
Lakers traded to Dallas, this is not cool!
Congrats to you and Olivia! Impressive!!
This time last week I was at a baby shower... And Im at a baby shower once again this week!
Hopping in the showers.
working on further enhancements to the app. would really like to hear from our followers what they would like to have.
If porcelain tile cracks you won't see a different color as you would with a ceramic tile.
indeed! And sad!
lol close to it
it's about to get crazy in the yoohoo room!
That would be a costly accident. Thanks for the heads up.
did you ever wrestle Flair?
Lorne House Eleven » Blog Archive » Making money with Foreign ...
Bet im thea fam smooth fina go ham RT : HOOPIN TOMORROW AT 12 AT THE FINCH
Breakfast for dinner...Brinner! Turkey sausage,fried apples,eggs,hash browns, and pancakes
You have an accent?
LMAO, what is he the slow kid in the league?
Those Harry Potter actors sure grew up! Bravo he did such a great job! Go see Half-Blood Prince, everybody!
SHE AINT GOIN SHE WENT A KAME BACK.....TRAGIC
I met the two of you at Blogher 11. You were the life of the party and had all the good gossip. :-)
I swear my girlfriend is like a trampoline, I don't have one.
"Dreams are wishes your heart makes."
Visual and touchable collective linksharing on any device and voice command in the near future is making you online live easy!
Smile. RT : Ya'll got me amening up in here and I need to be working. That's what I call I mother BROTHER voltron. #LURVE!
I sit directly below an A/C vent. The air is so cold that I've gone full Snuggie. I'm not proud.
i put the original pic of the 'gaaaayyyy' one in my older sisters backpack and she handed it to her teacher xD
ah, Ontario is province. So it would be, I you live in Toronto Ontario?
what if she knows you are a huge sports fan but will never go to a game with you or explain why not? yay or nay?
For everybody that has been wanting 's PO box it's: Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
Yes! We're all Chicago Northsiders!
house of hunan and fortune cookies 2 meals for $12 alchemy is amazing $3 any entree. (Mooshu pork is fire)
Don't tell me to watch my language Siri, you are a trifling whore who lies.
I love how lazy my family is that they can't even take me to the bball game when they haven't taken me to one all year
My grandmama is my mama.
so true! lol
Still buzzing from Sun Kil Moon last night...the master favored us with some of his best songs about San Francisco. Sigh!
are you trying to get me to call you again?
I'm The Reason Why You Faded, Take A Shot For Me
Oh good, there's nothing like being in the wrong city for you. As much as I like Chicago, I couldn't wait to leave! ;)
OMG, I'm wrong is not singing Jasmine Sullivan is. My this should still be gud. Lookin at that list again 4 Josh
3 ways to be a bitch; Act stuck up, dress like a slut, and act like every living person you see is jealous of you when really they hate you
Ingredient Street's on foodbuzz now:)
haha I'm not sure I know I have extended cousins in SF I've never met. Do you know any tepper or ungerleider cousins?
It'd almost be worth the perpetual PM black hole to be back in the office :)
When I have the scarf on its because I'm having a bad hair day 😒
Big show this Friday at Launchpad. Don"t miss it. Lots of great bands and it"s all for a good cause.
I wanna be a walrus more than anything else in the world.i am truly dedicated to becoming a walruswith love and support ill go to antarctica
Fhsdkfhdkfhsdkfh JUSTIN you should retweet some fans and send some " ily" tweets :p
School is not where its at today.....
Damn One Direction is pretty sexy ;)
Friday, May 18, is #ArtMuseumDay! will be offering free admission. We dig that!
I saw that before you tweeted me - but I don't follow those who don't follow me back. I have a select few exceptions.
EVERY TEARDROP IS A WATERFALL
I was planning a half for 4/15 but I'm not ready...just keeping consistent & will strive for June when Bundle does the 26.2.
Janet Kahn, mbr. of the national Advisory Grp. on Prevention, Health Promotion, Integrative & Public Health has joined PCOM's Advisory Board
RT : Follow because journalists paid by Murdoch will always be slaves to Murdoch's sick vision of the world.
For you are the God of our healing and wholeness; you are our heart's true home.
aww your chili, spaghetti, minestrone, lasagna, chicken dumplings, all seem tasty right now. Pretending sucks...
perfect. When in the school year would work for you? Us is better after new years but I could move up if needed
Im knocking folks out they come round me high!
I told her I killed the cat
I love how intuitive the layout of the is. No backtracking! I didn't even have to look at a floor plan.
looking through olympic footage all day.
keep it
Bonnaroo & YouTube Announce Partnership. Bonnaroo365. Festival to produce and curate content all year long... NEXT!
Band was #swangin tonight at Snow. I loved working with all the students from Local Highschools! killed it as usual!
thank you so much for that shoutout ;-P
#MenShouldnever think the more money you have the more women you can get. It catches up to you...just ask Tiger
so says u.
Good night for everyone(:
Any cool females wit Voxer on they phone add me..832 516 4994
Studying (verb): The act of texting, eating, and watching TV with an open textbook nearby. SILK Ultra Club Tonight, No Cover All Night. ...
what was it a picture of
RT : in royal oak at 526 main with & great day to bust out with our friends in the "D"
Just received payment for our first international shipment of CDs!
Yes indeed my mind is a sexy ass bombshell.
where at?
Camp Invention-early sign ups for summer & get a discount-Campinvention.org. My son loved this last year-he made robots!
Congrats on passing the Dutchie Steve ;-)
Back at ya! RT : #FF ...good luck to everyone except the Hawks ;)
O, piddling details like being in the same geographic location! Expand your mind, Lee. :-D /
get with the program!!! :)
You know you're at a womens conf #Savor when u hear "think w/ your crotch" & warm up w/ belly dancing!
Discipleship/small group tonight. Going through life stories - top 10 life defining moments in our lives. Very powerful.
I've got my heater on & my covers. So I guess that makes me hot! ;)
Happy Birthday Greyson!!!!!!!!!!!!! :DD Hope You have a great birthday!!!! :)
the organic is for #hippies I got the original 40 day aged. Thanks Congratulations #
Northern VA is still on Yankees / Red Sox game.
Because it has TOEs in it!
yea yea borin day
and then a somewhat sunny paean to the city as the path to sustainability...interesting at least!
THE HEALTHIEST FOODS ARE: FISH, KELP, MUSHROOM, COCONUT, WATERCESS, WILD RICE, WILD GAME, HONEY, WILDBERRIES, NUTS, & MAPLE SYRUP.
Mike Neal = Justin Harrell...Part Deux
Glad is finally as big as they deserve to be! Just say it will always be my favourite song though!
i hate feet period!
Awww. See, I was taking good notes all those years ago :-)
But would hearing it really have are a difference?
It's official. has the keys to our new home in Lemon Grove. Homeowners R Us.
Canadian Pacific Notes Pershing Square Backing Away from Previously Stated Goals and Timelines
I reply to many of your tweets because they are real. Thank u for tweeting positive messages.
Waiting on the call from you man!! Lol i need a gig lol! RT : Where in the world have you been son???
omg I didn't realize  I'm sad  like omg:(
you have tweeted 717 tweets.
RT : One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important*
I just looked up my name, and come to find out im not the only Damia in this world
fuck you too, mom. i didn't wanna eat anything you fucking made anyways.
Quite a hustle to get Uploadify to work with Rails and Paperclip
Few people are as good at getting lost so close to home as I am. And I HATE it.
I love you sis I called you the other day u changed your # call me
Yes lol : Remember that one night .. me you and senio RT : Thinking back on all these great memories in #Chattown”
Submitted objective feedback to Apple concerning iCloud & lack of compatibility with OS X Snow Leopard. Apple, do the right thing!
Really digging "Irresistible Force" by Jane's Addiction.
I've been here for 5 minutes and find out I'm in the wrong building
thanks. Congrats to you too!
If you are booking and interested in booking us on one of these days please send an email to Cheers!
Almost ready for bed.. Tired and in bit of pain.
Just spent the last hour struggling to fix MySQL issue that a simple restart fixed.
Gonna be creepin on all day tomorrow to see his "big news." I swear if it doesn't work out gonna be so disappointed
Why do airports trick u to think gate C10 should come after gate C9 but it's actually about a mile past that by C19?
White sox game tonight w/ !
Going off the grid to finish a book chapter about computer networks. Ironic?
we hit the thousand mark!!!!!
Meh. I'm hungry still. XD
we dont care we saying fuck you
How have you been? When did you want to do the guest posts?
He Gone
So.. tracking down my own MISSING records request at #usnatarchives from 330 pull. Now day is shot.
People at school were just so stupid getting high & then asking me for my cream so they won't smell MY ASS GO GET HIGH AND DIE BITCH Idc
girl you better get your food that's why you go early get in and get out lol
Squirm, Squirm!
When are they coming to Chicago? :D
you should totally follow me! Wed share a love for BTR and a love for tweeting random things. LOL! ;)
Austin, can you follow me? Please? I just made this account for you & Alex.(:
Hey there! I've missed you too!
Never been. It was more a commentary on what's news vs. publicity. Different strokes...
you were missed!
Burgard: #DeStaebler's standing columns convey a sense of ascension, like Brancusi's Infinite Column.
holla at me!
Do-It-Yourself Cat Door Recognizes Your Feline
we hope you had a great time at in CITYCENTRE yesterday!
-- CarGo is arguably one of the five best hitters ... Owner B needs to offer you more than a top-15 pitcher and some random reliever
Thanks for the Friday follow love and the retweet. ~tail wag~ Tweet on ♪
are you talkin about 2nite or Tuesday
How is it that I am the one with NO KIDS but I always end up watching kids...too nice I guess.
Thanks for following me <3
RT Don't fuck with me bitch I will come after you
haha never heard it put that way
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.. -Wiz
ya and imagine all the re-runs on TV he gets paid on the consistently. It's on so much!
I have to say Jennifer Lawrence seems really smart and cool
I think they're asking me about describing objects that will be 3D digitized & displayed in a virtual environment but I'm...confused.
Enjoy seeing NYY fans silenced in such an emphatic way. Spent an evening with them on day Cliff Lee traded. Ugly, Loud, & Rude
Three dollars for a cocktail in Birmingham........what!?!?!?!
where r u guys???
I loved the 100s of texts this morning haha! Such a dork
ugh creepy twitter spammers go away
ha I just watched the If You Can't Hang vid and it reminded me so much of our convos :P
Cause I Drunk Tweet with the best of em... And my heart isn't bleeding but mending.
Absolutely! Hope your weekend is going well!
Linfield says #humanitarian aid is tied to human rights. Don't understand how orgs can disentangle themselves from those principles.
whattya think abt getting Claiborne? Was he worth the trade up?
what happened?
The more you read and observe about this #politics thing, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other. Will Rogers
it was like right after we found him. He probably had 200ish followers. Maybe less.
Awesome pic! Sir Elton can wail. Enjoy!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY GUYS WITH BROWN EYES <3
You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and see all these tweets from saying he's with the boys writing songs :)
Men be falling like the rain so we ain't running out!
I just think she turns on the contrast and brightness on high.
New mixtape coming just in time for Valentine's Day! Ladies lookout!
#duke hit some open looks please
HAVE YOU SEEN ROSHON DANCE? According to Carrie ann and me, he's the best male dancer on the show. So suck it.
thank u Tall glass
Red Flag,lol
The man who said he never had a Dream your wildest dreams and chance, never took one. you will live a wild life.
The Sisterhood of the Traveling No-Pants!
It's so sad. The destruction is awful, terrible.
it's already Sunday?
Be proud about your talents, no matter what they are or who knows about them
I hate when im staring at nothing in particular but then realize I'm staring right at someone
You were right... woke my up at 3AM :) I would have loved to have been a meteorologist. So fascinating!
Guess you don't have a 9-year-old girl in your house!
bicycle orchestra performance in Daley Plaza at 5:30 today
RT : RT : I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
#wearing vavavoom navy pencil skirt and navy cami, chartreuse cardigan, buff Treats, carrying the Rita by
surprised there's no panel on #omeka at #thatcamp #pmt but we're talking about it anyway
#PunxsutawneyRomney was & still is a "Job Destroyer!" Displacing Wealth for his own well-being! Zero trust=Retirement!
Alive Alive! Hallelujah! I live because He lives!!!!!!!!!
by "work" do you mean with my mouth full of delicious food? :)
I get that too! (not from the Mirror though)
:D awe I blush, you are also very attractive!
The Wright Stuff
Get saucy! Today's special is the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich!
its 303 i cant sleep
yo, sorry to butt in but I THINK Cali's getting read because Mitch tweeted @ me that he'd see me this summer...
throat is hurty.
Any time! And if you'd like another Tuscaloosa writer to publish, I'm your girl :)
definitely something you should not miss, an experience you need at least once in your life.
"maybe we should get illegal immigrants to deal with the U.S. debt problem. It seems like a job no American is able or willing to do"
Yes. It is. Take time to count the blessings... it all goes by so fast.
Kansas St. advances - Standings now: 68 tied for first.
Your work ethic is measured by the days you did not want to go to the gym, but did anyways.
lol, nono. I ate with him and worked out alone.
"Guys With Beards With Cats." I like that I'm a fetishized meme. Me and Hinezy need to submit our best look.
the minute you see a warning light, you could tweet a message and they could immediately respond with appt. times available
Ben Nye is best for future references.
Writing with some amazing people today Chris Lindsey and Aimee Mayo. Hell yes!
Thanks! Glad to have you aboard!
The She should ALWAYS get top billing. It's always #shehechat. The She always gets top billing. :)
I had two very happy tables tonight when I convinced them to order the #Ferrari-Carona Chardonnay.
Bring "em" by. I will be here all day except from 10-11
Haha...this just made me laugh out loud, but so true!
I just saw a car with a mustache... #Win :)
Boneless wings > need for beach body. And all the angels said, amen.
omgomgomg no way!? eastern time or...?
You are so immature&I hate that you treat everyone like you want to around here...seriously stfu and get your mind straight&stop yelling!>,<
Girl on the train: "Oh my god, she's so FAT!" Me: "Oh my god, you're so LOUD!" *eyeroll*
"The difference between 'involvement' & 'commitment' is like an eggs-&-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved'- the pig was 'committed'."
im so tired babes :( .... just came out of a meeting and I'm starving like crazy lol. Come save me sweetie ....
Agreed. Now when are they going to make huge rolls of the stretchy wrap stuff from the lab? ArtSci love!
Hope everyone has a good day!
Delay in reforms inevitable in coalition govt: Pranab - Hindustan Times
We're simply going to have to agree to disagree.
thanks bro!! I got u!!
now up to 8 official requests for a runoff election (4 of 6 possible statewide runoffs), still just 1 request for a recount
Use coupon code STACK and code NEWTOBB! 15% off Diapers.com, 20% off Soap.com & $10 cash back with any purchase at beautybar.com!
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
That bitch is talkin again.. she must have googled a comeback she's so hood
Just learned that will be serving Guinness braised bratwursts, natural angus beef hot dogs & hot boiled GA peanuts at
Dogs devour anything that might just look like food. But did you know that grapes, raisins and onions could make your dog very sick?
Everyone dissing on BOTDF, can't blame them like, they are complete donkey dick
to all of the spoiled brats that are getting mackbook pros and iphones they'll break...i hope you die a slow and painful death.
pretty good so far. Trying not to fall asleep though.
your welcome(:
Good because im so ready to go home...
Its always awkward when you have to start thinking about eating your spouse for Sustenance
In honor of 10 days of #SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
what kind of bird do you have on your prof pic?
Unlike Maurice Sendak, I have no problem lying to children.
Best of luck to my tio & the rest of Intocable Luv u guys!!!!
I hate Sunday's ! -_-
So tired but tryin not to sleep
Finals are the only thing standing between me & summer.
- back at ya!
Love this .. "Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake." ~ Henry David Thoreau #iheartquotes <3
what a game... syracuse and ohio state... 74 seconds to go
congrats ! which sandals did u choose? :) I went for the orange ones- never had that style before . Happy weekend!
When I go bck to chicago I don't wanna see thia girls face I don't even wanna talk to her
Bass tracks are finished....
Man I really love the first 48 check it out on a and e
Damn gotta go get my son I know he prolly ready to spazz out
one more online final then its feet in the sand
wth ugh Jimmy picked that song Randy
Thanks for the follow, hope your weekend is going well. We are following back.
I haven't been yet. The last one I knew about was the CortaCapitol. Is there another coming up?
Cassidy the hustlaaaa'
Wearing the shirt made me (; Baby you light up my world like nobody else! 1D foooooooo life.
I think Pancakes are way much better than Waffles. Who the hell wants a burnt toast made like a Belgium mason brick design?!
we had a nice show today with scarface.....
I would have saved that Argentine leather handbag too!!
I don't like it when vendors take a long time to return my calls and respond to my emails nd then act like it is not a problem.....not good!
RT Taylor Gang or drink bong water --yuck, ive seen it happen (by accident). so not taylored.
Guess RR gave up no one up in the pen
Can I be in your next movie? I will move to Baltimore for you. - Gena from Glass M's
Yes! It startled me! I thought it was a high-tech rodent.
its crappyand raining
ouch! What happened?
FOLLOW ME♥ ily x
ill go #online on my other account.. <3
No, never. Elephant Bar is probably the worst chain I've been in in a decade.
More on today's contrasts: 1 great lecture by Maria Tatar on fairy tales & contemporary media; then 1 bad job talk.
Bases full of #BUCS for #TABY. Get it done Jose!
Second random thought. I know recognize at least a dozen #mbta workers downtown. I must be becoming a real person
RT : An artist "create[s] his first-ever paintings of women" and it's news? Ew. C'mon
I forgot just how hot it is in Texas.
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
oh CRAP wut is that?! i turned it on and saw it and i literally jumped! lmao!
hmm I'd have to think about that but let me know what you find!
I don't like kellin, but happy his baby was born safe(:
You used to be the only girl a nigga would think about.
Looking at the clock like lil scrappy
People never really completely change who they are... Times do, but people don't.
At the Blazers game :D
Checkout Kings Tickets! Watch the Utah Jazz on 2/28 or the Griffin show aka the LA Clippers 3/1 against our
Man you still owe me some ice cream
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
I don't do black music. I don't do white music. I make fight music for high school kids. - EMINEM <3
AAAAHmazing!! Have 13 y.o son w/slight disability who loves what you do! Wish he could get involved.
#GOP: If you stop complaining you're paying for women's health you don't believe in, I'll let you drive on those freeways my taxes paid for.
Um... if someone has 1 catch for 10 yards, then their YPC is much higher than their catches. Not a big deal NFL Network...
this tinychat is fuuunnn!!! too much dancing
On a more realistic note, the new Beach House has hold of my soul.
I wonder if ASPCA commercials are only sad cause of the music, what if they were put to an LMFAO song instead? Would they look happier?
How did I get 311 followers?? Bitches be unfollowing me
you are so right about that! ;-)
Taking a nap, then baking goodies with the family. Oh, and putting together a gingerbread train :)
Thanks to instagram my future kids won't be able to tell whether I lived in 2012 or 1970
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do." AC Green
Okay so we can have goats on the quad but not puppies because they're a "liability"?
Going to take a nap. Then back to work.
but I'd comply. ;)
Everyone go follow she needs 1 more follower till 400
I'm pretty sure I only flirt with girls that I'm guaranteed to have NO chance with....like bartenders and dental assistants.
Right knee needs surgery. Left calf is strained....fuck I gotta stay off the ball court
Things that don't take as long as installing #ios 5: solving the economic crisis
diet day 1.
you name the time and the place. I just have one question for you, are you feeling lucky punk? Well are you?
Must eat cheese today.
ill see you there then.
Ok. Consider it done. I'll be in touch.
There's no problem with being bisexual I'm not but theres just no problem with it! People get bullied for that!like no!! If u r be PROUD!:)
Just saw the trailer for and it.looks.awesome. Creepy awesome. Not so creepy awesome: its storming outside
The things I would do to you. And to your toast.
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
hey someone had to tell you.
It's hard doing comedy as a girl because I'm not Jewish and I don't own a ukulele.
Congrats to Lincoln softball team opening season w/ 11-1 win over Central Catholic (5 innings) ...
because of what happened with my chest. It just scared me.
I haven't seen any of these docs, but your analysis is correct in regards to the MSM coverage of Detroit.
It was nice that our waitress (Carole) had mentioned something to the boss who came over and chatted our heads off! :)
Follow to get a free SEO book (regular price $40)
I could go on about #geniushour Tell them that genius means productive & creative. They should learn what they really want to.
Lets never forget what made us all want to be in the wrestling business the love of the performance.
Just cough sneezed and that shit hurts.
Dentist. Ugh. Hold my calls, Janice.
Hi Russia/China, the blood of the Syrian people are on your hands.
$31 Halloween tattoos today, come check them out
Thank goodness for Penn Station!
just got a veggie burger w bacon. Real bacon.
#thatawkwardmoment when you're watching an american movie dubbed in Japanese
If the past tense if dive is dove then why isn't the past tense of shave, shove?
Ann Evans Zavada surveys belting repertoire.
it's like a 3 minute walk to your school...
We're recording CrunchCast #32 tonight! Submit your questions here so we can answer them on the show tonight. :) Whatcha got?
Dear PDX sunshine please stay for awhile, I am loving this weather! :)
Congrats on getting on the Ellen show. I'm so proud of you.
I think I just invented a neat new word with that last typo, I meant "broadcast" not bropadcast which sounds like a Bachelor Pad spinoff.
Like a great man once said "she said she was eighteen!?!" -Tiger Woods
Happy to have you, Jess! RT : I need to be a more active user of Glad they're on Twitter!
My mom just called me rude cuz I wasnt answering her
Seconded! RT : Can we have a videographer?!
idk the have a surprise me all I have to do is get dressed and let her kidnap me.
Wonderful! Thanks for sharing it. It was amazing what two Jewish kids from Brooklyn could create for our pleasure and education.
hahah thanks alexia you know how to make me laugh,
The Enemy Of My Enemy Is My Enemy><
what? i'm confused.
WHERE YOU AT?
"Hide all by SocialCam" is the best thing I've clicked in a long time.
tasty spin
Indeed, I think it was a Gamma(alpha=s, beta=1)
Amazing day of #Machon12 planning with Time to rest-up for another full day tomorrow! Lilah tov!
Would only hope so. Yeah for Faber. What is Toronto?
With Tampa passing on Kuechly, looks like it is now down to Buffalo or KC. I wonder where wants him to go?
Omg I need a new fuckin job...
Yeah and we have a deeper bench and don't rely on three players. #trueteam and more Consistent.
Rock bottom is a college education.
I do hope your right. As it is, I suspect psychosomatic symptoms generated by stress are actually motivation leaving my body.
I am!!! Can't wait. Did you see them this morning on Fox and friends? I did!! ": Who is ready for d"
Celebrating a soccer win at Murphy's with the homie
Universal City Walk in a bit(:
more caffeine? sure. SURE!
Great students. Great interaction. Great people
Michelle O: Who are we as a nation? Who do we want to be? What do we stand for? These are the questions we face in this election.
thanks! Hey you live in Port Saint Lucie, Florida??? My cousins live there!
I hope freederm works for me
but there is "I" in iDentity
The modern Olympic movement was founded to encourage young people to become physically active and follow a healthy lifestyle and ... (cont)
how bout all this growth goes to my butt ! that would be nice ! i wish i had ass.....:(
Congrats and thank you!
Was just looking for that. Please share if you find it.
In line at Wal Mart...ten lanes with fifteen to twenty people in each lane. :(
Have questions for Vivek Kundra? Tweet them during his presentation. We'll pull some and ask them during Town Hall
RT : "I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think" -Socrates
mitt romney has nothing except what someone tells him for defense.
Hell yes. Happy birthday! RT : Birthday cake plus #gameofthrones? Why, yes please. cc:
I really hope you enjoy it!
I don't what was more boring tonight #Raw or #StanleyCupPlayoffs?
Seminar today! Full breakfast & plenty of hair extension training! What's better than a full belly & a way 2 leave ur 9-5! www.drwiggys.com
American Pickers, man. I love what those guys do for a living, and wish I could some day. That VonDutch bike was incredible.
15 minutes out.
#dear14YrOldSelf put that dick away
lol I been at wrk since 11 I'm way to tired...I was at ya job last nite
No shadow will block my light.I got shining to do..I know you were taught to reach for the stars.but they weren't talking about the SUN..son
2 relentless self-promoters who exploit any opportunity. RT I find 's parroting of 's rhetoric unsettling.
i want stuffed shells and garlic knots
The movie "Skin" was so good... watched it on Netflix today..
I hate when I wake up angry from a dream
Ready for something amazing to happen...
Good morning! :)
Yeah, leave it to me, eh? Though in this case, I might actually know of what I speak of ;-)
lmao these kids don't be playing lol. It is not a game
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Honestly how the hell can Raven Symone afford an $11,000/month apartment in NYC?
Some Jenna Mourey fans have gotten some friggin delicious Wired Waffles !!
Praying for all who have not been sleeping well. There seems to many of us.
#DidYouKnow Amelia Simmons was the 1st to write to serve #turkey dressed, basted with mashed potatoes & cranberry sauce in 1796?
totally. We can talk with our bodies.
SPRING BREAK 2012
I'll have to make one about Lebron for you.
At work oh no dane. Moms
I already miss watching Tim Wakefield pitch :(
It's fucked up if you want to hear some motivational music, you still gotta bump 2pac!!im just sayin, you rappers need to take notes
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck we will be drawing names on the 30th!
I thought will appoint Interim PM. Hahaha.
happy mothers day to you too!
One of my purest loves, Modern Dance. Thank you #Martha Graham.
Tuned in to today
The first thing in my mind is U go where the people r. We've got 2 figure out where these folks r & go 2 them in the community.
RT : #Bears OT Gabe Carimi said he expects to be back in full in the next couple weeks, certainly before mini camp
Damn throwback to 2001: Mayweather vs. Corrales! On HBO
#cataloging photo of a hosiery vendor; wondered if "Stocking Stress Testing" is an approved subject heading, lol j/k
"what's the difference between the meal with the white meat and the dark meat" - stupid girl
be strong be naked gallery in Williamsburg NYC! Now
Swing your diamond sword Toby!!!!!!!
I haven't seen it done before, either. I checked around before doing it because I wanted something different from what's out there.
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
LOL. That's what I've been doing, but feel like too much work ;)
#IwantSomebody who makes mistakes and learn from them
You should REALLY play 's new single, it's called Say Somethin!
CO ED SLEEP OVERSZ!!!! xp
same here.. I wish you culd come on the north
It's been a long day! Think I'm gonna sleep in...💤💤💤
“Interaction Design Through Mixology” David Farkas,
I know right? Definitely never thought she'd be into vagina.
Wise man. You will love the feeling of a bike. Nothing like it!
You should use it to come to America (:
john mayer told me once i'm half twice my age.. so i guess i'll always have another half of my life to live.. at least as long as i say it
could be. I just think it's funny that they thing they're being subtle!
Its ya pre-turkey throw down inside Tabu/Skydome downtown SA tonight!!
Yes very I cried.
now I want to know what Tony was thinking lol it's @ 2 pm central time
Sometimes call of duty gets me so mad!!!
First Jameson shot of the nite!
Mark your calendar's for this year's festival: June 29 - 30, 2012! Stay tuned for more details!!
congrats on a successful year!
why weren't you at the #PassportToFashion event this weekend?
take notes
Never heard it. Only "review" was from a woman on the subway who said to him "I like it. It's not bang-y like most jazz."
Haha For Your Age You're So Mature!! (:
So sad my camera is broken. No fun pictures this weekend :(
A massage would be amazing right now
-- thank you!
TEMA is Paying your sales tax today.
#CBS won't let me stream any videos this week. I can't figure out why!
Hosting "Will Work for Food" is my dream job. Screw politics. Sharks, bees and bars are much more exciting.
I was worried about zombies...it was close but I beat em.
I'm f***in hilarious. Just an FYI.
Honestly I don't read books at all and I legit cant put this book down! Lol you need to read it
#AustinComeToChile we eant you here so bad!!!
Issa calls Obama administration corrupt. Google Issa and key words: gun violation, arson.
Try it for 30 days, do a Whole30 by It will change your life. I hope do it!
what i thought Leon Eugene.
kool! sky arts?
Hi Josh!
this #election season will be more fun to watch than the SuperBowl! What happened to the Republican Party of my birth?!
Best Thing I Ever Ate: last night's churro tot. gracias amazing.
Hopefully as in Tater.
for starters, that's the wrong kind of knife lol
Perfect! We need to schedule a photoshoot soon. Also, who is Killer?
I know this probably violates FERPA and every USC IT policy, but I cannot rely on our systems.
I know the feeling. I reached 3000 today. It does give one a special feeling.
Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike? C'mon Madison, I expect better from you
Answer: Cast absentee ballots from space.
Do you drink dessert wines? We do, but we are a bit over the top sometimes. When do you like a bit of sweet wine? What is your favorite?
If we had a baking show on TV, what dessert would you like us to create and bake on air?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 1
We all have those staple items we love to wear all the time. Tell us about your fav piece.
u hit me up late last night. I thought something was wrong
JOSH TURNER I LOVE YOU.
What's gonna happen when RNG comes back to Washington....Will they still go to public school or...
do whatever makes you happy and fuck what anyone has to say about it
feel better love!
on top of the air purifier(s!), look into humidity monitoring devices & dehumidifier(s)...worth their weight in gold IMHO!
Watching the fight.
Would appreciate your prayers. is in ER after an antenna tower he was working collapsed. Still waiting to hear. (RT )
i didn't know FRANKLIN PIERCE was in the white house...
Apparently when they say that don't mean like open open so Idk what they mean.
sexy brother what's up man
Is divide social or philosophical? is not a wholesale adoption of semweb stack. Perhaps FB is seen as rival in idea space.
Im in Kansas.
The odds of making a royal flush are 649,740 to 1.
No, I'm being sincere!
Are u out of harm's way? Hope so!
Ghostbusters on the big screen. So excited! Who ya gonna call?
keep your head up and skills sharp. cross-training will help you have more articulate and meaningful conversations w both sides.
Chief Teare: "I do not want to break the law, so I respectfully decline to answer any questions that would do that"
Ugh, us too. I might mix it up with some cold cereal just to keep my kids guessing.
James Harrison has been invisible so far.
I'm excited to see all the tweets about the #FBBakeSale I'm bringing cupcakes and strawberry macarons tomorrow!
So much fun! I'm playing with my brandy new droid 4. it has a qwerty keyboard and voice recognition.
RT : Huge thanks to for an awesome event! It was great seeing everyone! So excited for #savingsnation!
Oh, yes, you will follow. I am the droid you are looking for.
I would have an upset stomach on my first day of work D':
Today Eating Friendly received 94 hits. I haven't Facebooked or Tweeted, either. She's growing up. Sniff.
he's not #Nats material ... he causes ulcers. Let's unload him, clone the Big Train, BAM! problem solved
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Missing her
Putting a new video up on youtube in 10 mins
doesn't make hip-hop for people that like to HEAR music. I make hip-hop for people that like to LISTEN to music
I'm so bored so u guys can ask me any questions you want and I will answer truthfully! (:
.that beachboyz reunion was IGNORANT!!!!!period
nope are we supposed too lol
So many at risk children at birth...and up to 5 years of age. Achievement gaps start right here.
I'm curious Michelle. What actually makes you an expert in regard to any of this? 3 yrs teaching? Political appt?
When I'm quiet, I'm thinking a million things.
Let me know if you need me to work on that mixtape.
- Thanks again!! How did the show featuring your music go today?
No matter what....
So... Number of girls in the wilderness between ages of 15 and 30 in the wilderness today= 0
All these opinions on CNBC and Twitter and no one admits how wrong they have been the last month. No predictions here. Just common sense.
man it was the lunch special so I got some lil weak ass rolls
I really wish this song didn't come on...
Great museums+wellness session with Beth of Museums can totally tackle this issue effectively!
Thanks to for the records (wo)man blog post!
Amazon is, of course, literally in the Wild West.
Happy Valentines day everyone
of course! Social girls gotta stick together! :)
48 once again... o boy!
I love when Nathan favorites my main account.<3 -B
Happy StarWars Day Everyone, May the Fourth be with you!
Tomorrow #Newt is supposed to drop out of the #GOP presidential race. He just couldn't flip flop fast enough to keep up with
I saw it in 2D and loved it. But then I'm 43 and probably incapable of thinking of 3D as anything more than an annoying stunt.
I wonder what alex thinks about all this...
Yes I did!
Will be good to see you vs Badgers. Lots of good memories!
okay I know that. Il do the talking. You just have to listen to me. Yw
One day I will write a cookbook. You know, when I start measuring things.
Holy shit. There is ice cream cake and my boss brought a beer from his "personal stash." This just got real.
Yes! Absolutely! It's all Philly Phil from here.
Working on the details for our summer tour now!
followe back? ;D
up in the spot, hangin...
Men will be men, Boys will be boys, and an Ass is an Ass..
C'mon #Kansas, at least make this interesting.
There are a lot of pretty cute people on the train right now, it's sad that I look like a crackhead
I loved the books years ago, but the show is INFINITELY better. Great writing and amazing cast
#nothingsmorestupid then a fucking poser, you don't fucking skate bro, stop dressing like you do.
We agree that grown men with proper Christian names do not go by the nickname "Wolf," right? #bachelorette?
SHOUTOUT to she's my home girll.<3 she's pretty amazing and has HILARIOUS tweets and it would mean the world to get 200 followers
Thanks for the #FF you guys. Real swell of you.
Taco Tuesday!
A tweet i just saw made me just die!!!
: Thanks for sharing the RT love! :-)
Start work next week :)
it has to be bud! this place is awesome!
I twitter I DONT TWEET
Tomorrow morning! kicks off a new series call #Questions. You don't want to miss it!
Well, this is really a roller coaster...
hope it is not a repeat
Yesterday, I purchased your xmas table top tree and wreath. It's some creative shit, and I liked it.
thanks for the #FF!
Sampras v Agassi at in tourney finals at Staples Center making me AND event sponsors happy
rt * Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Thanks Raine! Gotta send you my new project too:) Best, Lani
Grow up. You're immature, you're reckless, you do things without thinking. It will come around to bite you in the ass eventually, and hard.
Back to being nocturnal. YES! :-)
Hey Girl, that designer purse DOES NOT cancel out the sweatsuit, slippers & general unkemptness you are also sporting.
send me the link
...I came to the conclusion today that I'm going to be a Navarrete and marry Bryan, he's going to be a wonderful stay-at-home dad. :)
aka Hefty D
It is freezing x 2 outside! whooa
#ItsABadDayWhen Your #Condom breaks while your having #SexualRelations with a #CheapHooker from
i made a typo in my last tweet..
i wonder why is christian , chaz , an ryan so famous ? their basically living off of justin if justin was not their they would be nothing
I couldn't care less about game 1 of LAL vs OKC, I just want to see the reception Metta World Crazy gets.
thank you again! Hopefully it is a case of poor judgement and not outright corruption. Happy New Year!
That awkward moment when you get home from school and you look at yourself in the mirror thinking, "Did I really look like this?"
We've had some crowds here but nothing like out there. That's Verdi right?
It's kind of ridiculous that they open up voting for the MLB All-Star game 3 weeks into the season.
"If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby."
Great meeting you, too! We need to get together and talk more about Radiotron. Need to make youth aware of the history.
Happy Mothers Day to all those MOMs out there! May it be a great day for everyone!
Thanks for your support! RT : Check out - We are not out to save the world but to tell the stories of those who are.
Dont look through my window if you dont expect to come in.
Bye Twitter until the end of the day.. peace
there going to use Whitney's voice.
wow. listening to this makes me want to kill myself...
So very happy for you!! Congratulations on your upcoming #graduation from a very random fellow #Longhorn !!
I think that's what we are for :(
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, when they are the problem...:/
What makes love stay? Tom Robbins asked me this 20 years ago and I did not know. Still don't. Is it too late for wine?
Parc at Rittenhouse Square! It's great for lunch...the decor transports you to the 1920s.
"The time is always right to do what is right" Happy MLK Day everyone. Stay focused and make forward progress each and every day in life!
It was back in the day when I met a brilliant young student named #Doom! - back in the day (skit) - Mf Doom
#mdsbw12 so proud to be a part of the 28th Annual Maryland SBA awards!
RT These guys fixed my crushed #Mac. They Are Legend. [And we LOVE fixing Macs!]
oh we're doing Get It OUt
and like other coaches in the B1G -- Tubby/Beilein...restrict those on the schedule, rivals, and potential tampers...so IDK.
you're going to have to text it to me. For some reason I'm "forbidden" to see the pic.
i work hard no days off -wale
He should have sent it from a Nigerian email address. That way he could deny it in 2016.
I never saw Crooklyn. Prob not. Next weekend. Spike make another sports movie or Do the Right Thing2
This fishing' in the dark sounds fun....who's coming with?
Me too!
Don't handle your problems just tweet about them like a normal American.
Did anyone else watch this week's Frontline? Damn!
Sounds good :) You are hilarious it was "cool-yo" 2B on Live 7 so glad 4 that opporty. "connection" to meet you!
can you tweet me that picture you took the other night with the nice note?
that is a great title!
its not looking good....tough conference
I'd wager a week's wages that you have the coolest haircut ever to grace the offices of the Hartford Courant.
Great experience for #JMS intern there! MT : We are so excited to present Rock Of Ages at the SD Civic Theatre.
#Smash i would very much like to see #Bombshell, the broadway production. && would like to download the musical cast soundtrack as well.
Worse than Rock God?
": Children learn through exploration, let them #BehaviourMatters"
My librarian wish for the day: all public computers would spontaneously burst into flames. STFU and wait your turn. Jeebus.
Well hopefully it works out!!
Purify your face..mix 2 tbs cranberry juice & 1/2 cup witch hazel - sweep over face with cottonball daily...
Who is the best singer of all time?
The Flight Tracker app is awesome. I totally recommend it!
Let me know if you post. Mine's a short take with many things unsaid, and yes, meant as thought-provoking
I got a job! I'm gettin' paper! And you know this! Very happy Latina right now. :)
I have a theory on why only 20k out of 160k students actually finished the Udacity course. (Actually, a story idea.)
Woah! Hello new followers. (said in creepy voice) Have you liked the FB page? Go do it. Special surprise if you do
To help manage your food cravings be sure to eat at regular times everyday. No casual or mindless eating.
thanks for shout out!!!
Hotter than Satan's nutsack outside
First day training a new hire class is always taxing...bring on day 2
Need help being promoted hit me up ! Singer , Dance , actor etc. I'm here for you !
Monday, wipe that smirk off your face.
If you know your employee drives a Silver Toyota 4Runner with the Florida License Plate ABS-B22, you might want to send him for a drug test!
I watch cartoon network
Love Alan Roach from Quite possibly my fav part of the Super Bowl
I still remember how we started talking...
It was! How did litltle kids not have nightmares lol?!
big birthday celebration along with music by starting at 10pm... Bounce with us tonight!
85% High Five To Me >:P
she probably did!
would you come to speak to our youth at Canaan Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem on youth Sunday ?????
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. -George Halas
That Was THE Best Dream I Ever Had!! But Seriously Carlos Needs To Make An Album Of Juss Him Singing Songs He Writes!! (: <3
Hayward needs to join Twitter. It's clear he'd be welcomed with open arms.
Coll/Univ steps: 1) redesign courses, 2) smarter use of technology, and 3) cut or freeze tuition
Heard from a lot of Lehigh followers disappointed they aren't more than +12.5. Thinking that public money should push that # up by tip?...
Enjoy your holidays everybody !
that's weird
This is my new favorite time to come to the gym :)))
Also confused about how mandated transvaginal ultrasounds equate to less intrusive government. Seriously?
Chipotle why u put bacon in your beans.
NSAI interns & volunteers have been working like some busy bees to get ready for Tin Pan South next week! Are you ready? We're excited! -LA
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Lemme hear that verse!!!
Exactly! I'm just being a good kitten mom. :)
Mangia will be open Christmas Eve Place your Orders now!!
Zimmerman don't worry got your cell already 2 go you neighborhood watch print sheets will b in this week.
Brandon Morrow has surrendered only 1 run in his last 25.2 innings ...
Everyone please give a warm welcome to my bestfriend she's new to this follow her she's
At taco bell, yumm :]
I think was actually pretty nice to me the majority of the day! #accomplishment 😁👍
.“: Thanks much for coming out tonight — good to meet you.” It was great meeting you too. Great event!
May's issue of "Collins Connection" is nearing completion. Don't miss out! Join our mailing list at
Probably looks like I'm wearing a nightgown in public, but who cares? I'm spending the rest of the day in a bath robe and slippers any way.
In super grind mode. Working as if I'm going on vacay tomorrow. 
ooh yea been watching the entourage marathon all day
