Great American Breakfast with coffee.
: So, only wealthy or insured people are worthy of mammograms and breast care?
I hit you when I saw you
cooking my dinner for tomorrow yay x
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Olivia Ghersen - Seattle University Spectator
. has the greatest baseball cap on tonight. If you're watching the awesome right now you'd know.
had to go take them & put them in my room, before my mom go eat them all
Not sleepin at all
u scared me there buddy. Almost have a heart attack. Lmao
whenever you walk in to the doctors and they ask you what's wrong... you immediately turn to your mom and she explains.
Home Opener tonite !
Day = MADE<3
I'm not gonna lie, i find this tweet a little obtuse Sometimes I suspiciously look at acute girl and wonder, "what's her angle?"
sorry I'll miss u before I fly out!
Lunch APPETIZERS - CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
It's impossible to not be overjoyed for Russell Wilson. A great human being who deserves the chance to shine in the NFL.
well, I, for one, would like to skip the manaical pms this month. I am sure BF would agree.
Working in a new small town. I feel a bakery coming on.
its so nice to see tl again so soon isnt it the queen is home
Beyond awkward moment when you text that one guy because someone has the same name
Cum on feel the noize doesn't sound good until you turn it up all the way.
Hanging at the library at 3 oclock my school confrence going to suck.
Is it a crime against nature to like frozen burritos? Especially after they're heated and drenched in tomatillo salsa?
thank you! Glad you enjoyed it. Please spread the word and continue to check out our site!
Asked to suggest affordable titles for new EReader owners? Suggest Tess Allen's 'His Wife's Diary' & 'The Jewel Thief'. Thanks! Word up!
sorry and I couldn't make it to He was sick & I had a colleague in town for dinner.
Real talk, all hosts should be more like
Lol hey brownie points are a good thing in life but I give S/O for respects
figured you'd be live-tweeting your adventure?
very cool! Man is amazing. Even played killer drums on the first ash ra tempel album. You might like tangerine dream too
Yes!!! lol ;) We knew she would lol
Great game last night!
Cast off, two three-inch pins out, hand still wrapped up, still kind of hurts. Healing slow sucks.
writing again after months off playing 'old cars'. Today, Smegeye the pirate and his zit-sucking parasite side-kick, Peebody Fiddler. Yuk!
Cooler temps in South Florida! RT cool start with the 60s. Highs in the upper 70s today with tons of sun. Tonight: 50s!
yay (: thanks (: you are how I get most of my followers (: you both are so nice (:
see everyone tonight for the Arty Farty Ping Pong Party now at the Courthouse, 57 Adelaide St, Toronto!
It may be warm outside, but perfect for Wushu. Got to do a whole workout and not feel too tight. Kicks were high today :)
There are endless things to do in Hawaii. Which Hawaiian island are you on?
Murray sacked. Walsh will have to kick again to keep UGA alive.
When the one person you're trying to impress isn't at school <<< Cute outfit gone to waste. Pissed.
Maaaannnn... >>RT : Grilled steaks, smothered garlic potatoes and creamy spinach! Effin fabulous!
dont throw ya hoe in that water,
Once I graduate I'm running far away from North Hills and never coming back... Cya later
Thanks, Liz! Wish you could just drop on in, too :)
Feeling super positive and good today! Im in love. God is the greatest!
why do you hate the blazers so much? For that matter, why does all the media hate the Ducks r the Blazers?
I cannot even handle how perfect #Community is right now.
Feeling Unappreciated..
Just got my lottery tix! The good life here we come! Fingers crossed!
Movie marketing goes viral
what are some of the ways you've responded to a situation where personal likes/dislikes are promoted as ucd?
Hell yeah cuzzz, got 1st place in the Mcnary talent show!
Life is what u make it so me im making money!
You're freaking out and I'm just sitting here on twitter not even bothering to switch channels to watch it. lol
thanks Louie!! Love to you and
May have just heard the best message on Free Will and the best convention message ever
TY for the msg abt our contest!
there's nuthin stoppin you my friend. I miss it too, as I got the dope cassette mix tapes from you!
America's Got Talent's and at the ACM Performance Lab (329 E Sheridan) tonight! Tickets available at the door.
Yea buddy! :] >> “: big shoutout to this lady go follow her :-)”
#FridayReads - book gave me neither sanity nor solitude, but a case of carpal tunnel - 11/22/63
They're under the "Customer Reviews" section.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away, and going away means forgetting me forever.
I'm part of the cartel.
When someone tells you to, "expect the unexpected", slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it
Why when I want to achieve something, I always interferes with someone?
Borrowing my future in laws truck that has a crazy subwoofer sound system. Podcasts with massive bass don't sound as cool as I had thought
send me a follow and I follow back.
Hard to believe when 70 ystrdy RT : "6 more weeks of winter it must be!" -The proclamation from Punxsutawney Phil.
#greatestalbumsofalltime My #extraordinarymom has a few. They are full of totally classic photos from the 70's. Cheesy, but I love it.
“: To the illuminated mind the whole world burns and sparkles with light. - Ralph Waldo Emerson” Yes it does!!
At least you can afford it. And you have a kick ass job. No hangover sympathy for you.
Family > everything else.
#notgoingout in this pouring rain!
The winds in Boston defy physics... No matter which way I was biking directly into the wind!
Yikes! Well, the spam is helping us trend! It's getting the word out to non librarians! :)
I don't get it. Why don't the bous follow eachother?
Tell Bri she know I don't play no misbehaving. She better act like she got some sense.
#ff because he's got the hook up on prescription drugs.
give up. You have talent and we need to get these songs cut." To me, its all a big $$ pit. I spend about $80-100 a month in
Thanks much for the RT. Have a good week!
Adderall is on manuf. back order, along with all those other vital RXs? No wonder our unemployment rate isn't doing much!!
Spain World Cup Champions!!
Rooting for LSU
would be interesting also
loll no your not!...cuz if you was..i wouldnt be fuckin wit you....lol js
Good job Jodie. I like the idea of keeping things fresh or rebranding. Your website looks good too.
2011.09.27 #Brewers 6 #Pirates 4 | Prince with three homers / carries the Crew for tonight / can taste the two seed
Lots of frantic students this week trying to cram in research for their papers... It's nice to be on this side of the homework fence!
call me c:
Thanks to and for a fun evening out! Much needed. Love you two! Mission Impossible was great!
she used to be MirandaBuzz and then she changed her name and someone else changed theirs to MirandaBuzz to steal the fame.
In re: to AC, once you get past the 1st one, playing the 2nd one makes the effort well worth it.
Anyway.. I'm hungry
nap #2, boy oh boy you must be completely exhausted. We need to schedule a chat session!
Happy Birthday hope your day is splendid and showered with gifts
Ok it is that time....have to be up early to make some calls. These are not the ones I want to make, but have to...a few folks here who know
reasons today is already the best day: had #Bodos for breakfast, i get to see , AND i just discovered my new shirt has POCKETS!?
I've been laying low. Juggling a lot, y'know. I'm good. Mostly. :)
u.k. girls are better than u.s.a girls? hm....
wow how random lol
arrival of to Moes for support or the
All we do is pour it up, all night, drinks out.
Over here thinking about my next dollar
Any day in which there is free pie at work and baby hippos in my inbox is a good day, despite getting soaked biking in the rain.
uh huh! going to raid stash haha! and that nail polish is fab too!
Diana, this looks so awesome! We wish we had you in Philly to teach this. Congrats on a great class.
Just learned of the return of a musical I've always wanted to see with my Mom. Time to plan a weekend in #NYC!
In winter "things are reduced to essentials. We see the bones of the land... the stark elegance of the underlying structure" Jessica Macbeth
ITS 11:11WILL YOU PLEASE PLEASE MAKE NY WISH COME AND FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD YOUR SO AMAZING <333333 :) :) :)
Pretty awesome isn't it?
Doing a quick restart of some servers; one moment please. (We'll delete this message when we're back; eta 5 mins)
Hooray! Can't wait!
RSVP: Maya Entertainment
#WhenAustin tweets a fan happy birthday :)
welcome to twitter! Please meet the many twidiots as rainn calls us.
how long have u had twitter for?
Was thanked profusely for creative a guest session on the computer for a young man. I love my job. :)
what's Otto's stats?
@ I don't need a pro account anymore.
best #masters finish in how many years? Amazing stuff
Bad news: U.N. states Syria death toll 'well over' 7,500. Feeling so helpless :(
p.s. I like your new twitter name!
Our website is down at the moment, but should be up and running again on Friday!! Brand new site comin ...
just spent way too much time at Target shopping for someone else, but, really, I have NO idea what a 6-year-old would like.
When times are tough, and success seems impossible... reach within yourself and get stronger.
Does anyone know a good masseuse or have an excess supply of Vicodin? I've done something to my neck and it's killin me.
its been a long day whew!!! #fashiongigs over and out...
hopefully we're talking about the one from 1984? I can't image the songs from the Jaden Smith version reminding anyone of me
Does it start with "Dyna" and end with "mite!!!"?
I THINK U HAVE SOME MENTAL DISABILITIES
I kno rite... I just started -.- I'm a lazy bum
I've noticed that I can only use two social networking sites at a time. Now that I'm getting back into twitter, my Facebook is fading away.
we r doin good! moving did us wonders. Feel alive again! I am tryin to get caught back up with everyone. How have u been?
okay i'm sleeping because nyquil is awesome bye
The last two ppl u would ever wana loose r ur wife n mother cuz they remind u so much of each other
Got Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 and Assassin's Creed Brotherhood. Later, me and and possibly will KILL ALL!!
New recruit Trey Griffey said. “I’m going to the University of Arizona. It doesn’t get any better than that"
What a relief. Friends were so worried about him. Hopefully he'll get the mental health care his wife says he needs.
Okay we progress to 4 hours of awards for sound and lighting. z...Bed time.
Official Battle of Champions Twitter account ran by !
Another last minute change: reroute to track A, & strategic objectives
Look how big I am on it ❤ I love it:)
thanks for the shout out!! we love!
we played a jeopordy game on mon and tues and today we took the crucible test:p
How did you get a gif as your profile pic :(
no one to talk to, bored and absolutely boiling! not a good combination.
Up waitin for my food
im gonna do things my way!!
I hope & had a great Bday & dropped it like its hot I no tee-tee did !
Babygirl: #dialogue #character #action defying stereotypes already! & I see my people &the BX on screen!
woowwww. thats so annoying! im uploading it onto twitvid right now. i hope it works!
:( oh no sorry to hear that! But glad you'll be pain free.
Yes it is. Let me know if I can help in any way!
will do! This is going to be the longest 2 1/2 hours ever lol
follow back? (:
Would like to talk with you about being interviewed on your radio show.
Need a Florida state cover tonight.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people
A teacher that has left a lasting impression is LYNETT FOSS --I took her class as an "easy elective" and got so much more!
ACC Tournament Special!! 2 HUGE 20" Pies for $25!! Good all weekend! Which team are you rooting for??
lol Derek Harper? I don't think they allow Ron Harper to speak on TV due to his speech impediment.
if Lehigh wins, it's less surprising than Norfolk. McCollum vs. bad D
uh huh I have plenty of room
(typical) Saturday night epic fail. rain check? tomorrow/Sunday—usual spot? ;)
You can store 8 bits of memory on 12 atoms.... WOW
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Arkansas
Everyone please go follow please5
When follows me, then unfollows me, then follows me again. #loser <3
My first Mothers day ((((:
Bout to get to it!
Excited to see my first show tonight. #Totem has been getting good reviews.
You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. #Writing/words help find it
Agreed, not surprising. What was surprising was mentions of "stadium" relative to most other issues.
"The privilege to use haircare products is in our bill of rights" - Blaine from last nights Glee episode
Morpheus You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind.
fuck working on mothers day.
Reading twitter on android is like a mower with a two-stroke and recoil starter. The weirdest user experience invented in the digital age.
pay attention! You're at rehearsal!!
Late Night Studying, Core 40 tommorow gotta do good. hs final, on diploma
I've seen that too... I think they have serious bugs.
Waiting for Archbishop Nienstedt -- quick to sound off on marriage equality and choice - nothing for the poorest who lose health care.
lol i considered interjecting a simple "Richard Jefferson" tweet but i knew you'd get up on trade news soon enough.
dang, that's harsh
is my inspiration. :">
another crazy weekend with , , and Feels like the summer has just begun =P
It always does. How are you?
Great description about the new M2M in the catalog and in the video… you guys are awesome!
-- must be taking the FOX rejects for GOP talking points.
Like the "there is no such thing as #CS/#UX/#IA" crowd?
Although, women have their own hormonal challenges to be sure, and we work to overcome those, too. Being human is hard.
Challenging quote 4 me personally.Must focus on my purpose. #success RT The secret of success is focus of purpose. -Thomas Edison
I love and SO MUCH.
Ha! Man, I always loved watching Jim Edmonds dive head first to catch a lazy pop fly.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not - Andre Gide
Snack Tonight ... after 10pm {Beer Battered Perch, Fennel, & Onion with Sriracha Mayo}
CA Asmbr Dickinson: 24 reasons why students can be suspended, but just 1 responsible for 40% -- it's called 'willful defiance'
Ima Get this money u can be broke if ya Want to!!!!
thank you!
Yes! Treasures of taxonomy there :)
happy bday to my friend! I pray that God truly bless u with the desires of your heart
www.artistictwistclothing.com check us out! Natural Hair Meet & Greet event! Greensboro NC
Yo girl! Oh, it's been fun, but it's not the same without your face! When are you back in action?
haha! Oh, I wish you would! They also felt uncomfortable that I was getting my masters & planned to CONTINUE working w/ kids.
Already on it! I start PT tomorrow ;)
Best dressed at Golden Globes? Do tell...
2:30am, 4 hours on NBA franchise mode buildin my Clipp Ship..realized now why I dropped gaming yrs ago.
..and then i think, what would chuck norris do?
That sounds like a beautiful Friday--have fun!
On my way bk to the no, early flight. Coffee and meds to ease the stress.
welcome back to the internets!
Friday? What does Friday mean? :) Have fun at the LJ half!!! I'll be running with you in spirit!
this movie 10000 b.c. is such a joke..smh
Editing during the day today...then off to shoot the Chiefs homestand against the Giants.
check your email...
Just walked by wheeling out the field....never a good sign
Im no beauty queen,im just beautiful me :)
Shoutout To Our New Listeners! -
Remember: If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
If she's not stealing track jackets, she's flushing credit cards down the toilet.
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called "Quickie"......I May Have To Remix It -Breeze DTA
Just talked to 6-year-old niece on the phone. She summarized every book she owns for me. It. Was. Awesome.
is there a draft agenda for the dplacs workstream meeting at DPLA West?
Getting McDonalds. Word
Tweet me something sweet <3
The moment you realise how good life actually is, how one person can make you so happy <3
Whaaa?! I love that movie. It just makes me cry.
I agree. Glad to see GSP win, but it was a lame fight
Sweet bio on Victor Higgins and our Taos Society artists.
aubrey lost almost every task she was on. Good riddance snake, go back to being a nobody.
"Work" doesn't really feel like work when you're doing something that you love to do
“: boring texters should just fall off the face of the planet #thankyou” best not be talkin bout me fool
having a discussion about best cannon from the OF. Obviously around here we like kakes. I said Franceour. A lot for Ankiel. You?
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA! (key-r-a)
Is it ridiculous that I'm having a hard time sleeping due to guest post excitement? D'oh!
This is so true lol
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. "alright, get in the basket"
Sigh. Why is it that the ones who trumpet integrity and fairness always seem to be the ones lacking those traits?
Its soo hard to get noticed by with all these tweets right now. Need some #luck please?
it sucks. a lot.
all girls talk crap ! >.<
I'm an almost Demon Deacon. Do you know David Greene at Simmons? Also in the '12 class
awe would u do that? That would be awesome!! But what if its a girl?
maybe. But I still love traveling with you and having you by my side
This Hot Coffee right now >>>>>>>>
#Im GAY!!!!! & I don't give a ¹²³ shits that u hate me or u some dumb homophobe. Kiss my French Dick bitch. U hater!
thanks for the follow.I've been in touch with Theo, but here's my imdb again#www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo.I'm still looking for rep
Responded to FIRE @ 356 West 145 St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
#4famouswords Are we there yet?
We utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Awesome fucking word. I'll have to work it into a real conversation //“: idocunts!”
A Clothing Optional Tweetup... wait... no -- wrong account! But there IS a Tweetup in Anchorage Friday 10/28. Unrelated....
Takuo Miyagishima has passed away today--one of the biggest designers of the Panavision equipment in the 50s. Thanks for all the memories!
Tell me more about face toner.
Happy Birthday ! Keep up the good work :)
i'am about to follow back my #followers :"P
Had a firm ass day with & Nesy thanks guys :-)
RT if your proud to be a mahomie !!! :]]
Dead baby jokes aren't funny. Idiot.
I want to hear Austin sing Let Me Love You live<33
RT : I know everyone right now is supposed to return to the portentous, Romantic tone that dominated after 9/11 but I just cant
#HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like We Don't Like Each Other....
You turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
unless you are a conjoined twin
Today in Literary History: On April 24, 1947 Willa Cather (known for O PIONEERS!, MY ANTONIA and ONE OF OURS) died in NYC.
Even of everyone were to turn their backs on me I know i still got God on my side and with Him on yo side that's all you'll ever need.
#IReallyWant for this work day to be over. 11 days straight is no joke
“: obviously you have never seen Hitch” is this on tv? Many are tweeting about this. Nvr seen it
Well the best I can tell the only thing backing up our currency is not gold, not silver not anything but our good intentions.
All processes of distributed computing (ex: packet switching) involve delay and fractioning.
“: A woman trying to commit suicide from the Eiffel Tower landed on a car and later married the owner of the car..."
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
I LIKE PIE.
Just washed my hair. It feels so good! ☺
#eminem on #entourage = perfect marriage
Excited to start my guitar class in college in January
thanks to for a great Super Bowl hang!
And the fuckery begins
Considering I use my #iPhone for far more tasks other than a traditional telephone I think that #nomophobia is by definition inaccurate
time to try and be happy
TV is chewing gum for the eyes - Frank Lloyd Wright
On air! Go to georgetownradio.com, and click "Listen Live"
#StarCraft bar? As in, a theme based off of the Blizzard computer game?
I only wish I had the guts to tell you how I really feel about you, but I'm worried you won't feel the same.
Yeah, it'd be wrong not to love him. He's why I moved to Chicago. Been having a moment though since MCA passed away.
aye niggas hit me up
do u like boobies? i like boobies c:
lol 4real…boa!! its like science is not fun nomore i just be wanting 2 ✔ out talking bout cells && ishh
Don't kno yet
if you fly me over ... drinks are on me
Ahh yes... Let me rephrase that question - is Hart willing (capable) of moving to 1st base if Gamel struggles?
do you have school tomorrow?
Dave Rickards & Cookie Chainsaw from The DSC have entered the bldg...Tune into KFMB TV, Ch 8 this AM! Welcome Back!
I heard you always paid for the lunches with We can bring those back??
Why do the days go by so fast? Fuck man, I need a break. I have stuff I need to catch up on.
In the dark, we come out & play ;)
Interesting. Marvel raises prices and they are using interns for no pay. It may be a fun job, but I always pay my interns.
If you haven't requested "Old School" today, call your local radio stations!
Yeah let's just do that :) fag
In dallas trying out this city so far so good.... all of us at topnotchescorts.net invite you to come enjoy your time with us
how you doin'?
what time and where?
Whotune showcase was off the hook tonight! Thanks to CMJ, all the bands and everyone who came out to support! Much appreciated :)
Yezzir! Too bad we couldn't have shiner on campus. Legally. Lol
my charger for inside is gone so all I have is a car charger and ever time I get in the car I forget lol
Justin Bieber's #Boyfriend is a mehh. It would be a mehh+ if he didn't rap. Stick to your talent
Haha, we finally made that shit happen. Twice in one week...and now a tweet? Dang. Let's keep it up.
Man I have no friends lol
2 days until 's Museums & the Web 2010. Sad I'll be missing it, but will look forward to following #mw2010. Safe travels, everyone!
I was RTd by a racehorse. Let me know if you think of anything, but I'm not sure there's anything else for me to accomplish in social media.
When it comes to all around rushing and objective players you won't find any better then me and tho
hi, i exist you know....
Your open letter to our President warmed my heart, I wish so much for you and your family. 70yrs old, but the day wil com.
Thank you and all volunteers for great job with #SQLRALLY!
#Mariners lose to #Rays 5-4. Saunders tries to catch a Luke Scott fly ball in the 6th, instead, he knocks it out for a HR - the game-winner.
RT Cowabunga dude! <- ?? lmaoo TURTLE POWER!! i always wanted to be a ninja turtle
Dear Newt.. why dont you remind ppl how you had the most ethical violation of any congressional member ever
smackdown was pretty good tonight....
No transfusion for Jace!!! Blood count still up and enzyme levels low! God is good!!! Thanks for praying for him.
team with his talent. Bottom line is, both have helped their organizations, (current of former) succeed. Get off Lebron's~
Thanks for checking our tunes out :)
“: SBTRKT are amazing. So good..... #coachella #losingmyshit ” they don't know
have a safe trip home!
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win FREE
sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down. just get back up when it knocks you down.
i wonder what buckwheat is up to these days
Five year engagement was so good!
If you had tix and didn't show up to today's Warrior BYU game, you're missing out!! Love to support Da Home team, unconditionally!!
If you continue to experience issues after the necessary changes are made, please let us know. ^CB
Tonight was fun
not surprised big move, congrats homie
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
Who's that boyy?
what do u think of jedward?
#SignsYouLostAFight When you finally wake up out of that coma.
Thanks for the favorite! Hope you have a great (writing!) weekend!
Now reading: 'Interactive Project Management: Pixels, People, and Process (Voices That Matter)' by Nancy Lyons
... Constructive criticism is important.
Joe you and your panel are hypocrites just SHUT UP! The POTUS has done more for GLBT than REBUBS ever did!
I would say "(purposefully) dis-integrated and poorly represented"
We are proud to be welcoming back to the Riviera our friends from the APA. Welcome home !!
Hi James, our SD location is actually open to helping you if you're looking to throw a fundraising event.
I am excited to find you on twitter--And to find you are giving out candy--But mostly to count myself as an official follower
RTS is nominated for an A2IM Libera Award for Independent Video of the Year and Up & Comer Award presented by eMusic! Thanks
here we go...
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible.
Suggestions for authors of good #poetry for children?
oh i'm so sorry i shouldntve written a word of russian you are right lena.
Diddy tried t.i. inda club
Hey Kids how are ya? :)
For external flash, charge battery. Bring extras. Def for action. Low battery will ruin your recharge time,
I'm loving the Heroin Diaries! Can't wait for the next one <3
It's sad, and call me an ass, but I wonder how long It will be before the next trending movement comes,
I'm still trying to figure it out. RT : Just had confirmation that I'm totally right brained at
The still had a great run this season. I'm a Nuggets fan no matter what💛💙
Jerry, + this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
Nothing is worth more than waiting to get noticed by , ❤
publishing co I founded & u were my inspiration. Im publishing business know-how books & want u to write fwd 2 first book
Into my new beginning #Excited #Yes !
In 2 weeks it will mark the 4 years my amazing gf have been in my life and still counting <3
Hi Ingrid! I miss you and Frad (haha)! Hope you are enjoying the holiday season :)
NERD RAP: "Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch."
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS! Contact us today to learn more!
3 helicopters over head and no recent news on google...
yeah sweet old atl I love it out here lol do you ever come out this way?
joes house is like a dead zone lbvs
me too! Haha but this time I'm gonna try to keep them on for at least 2 weeks
I asked her to come outside and hoop she looked at me like she dint get dirty.
It's almost Valentines day and ill be spending it alone with my dogs and God knows what my boyfriend is doing
Oh great, "Titanic" is on for the rest of the day. Guess I'm not going outside today. Thanks a lot James Cameron! Sigh.
Thristy single chiks disgust me...if i gotta run after you, I will stay single until THE MAN comes and chases me.
#whosgonnalose - Virginia Tech v Tennessee - Tennessee will lose
alrighty see ya:)
Thanks! Tell us what you think! RT : I will also be watching "Slavery By Another Name" and "The Interrupters"
m got my #cococoffee and love my new #apartment life is a gift & I have all I will ever need for 1 month and 10 days till Spencer arrives
Damn thought it wasn't obvious ;)
I wanna run away
Did you know that if you hold your nose you can't hum!! Hm. Hahahahahaha, you just tried it! :)
yeah! Ikr? I just saw it on the news! They said he has prior assault issues on his record also
is it similar in distinction to supercilious and patronizing?
Thank you Wausau! We had fun and we hope you did too.
How you gon win if you ain't right within?
Sorry nigga MAN CITY RT : sorry nigga MAN U
Saw Page One tonight. Thought-provoking & informative. Keep up the good work, #NYT! (Where would Gawker be without you!?)
That mini heart attack when you send a text to the wrong person... 😳
Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight. Do not open What Should We Call Me after midnight. Do not open What Should...oh, darn it!
First campus tour starts in 20 minutes! Meet in the front of Market Pointe! Whose going?!
Good Luck trying to be TypeA. It is such a natural thing to me. It's not easy, but sh*t always gets done and done right! LOL.
Im your biggest fan!!!! Your Awesome!!!!!!!
Waiting for Oscar to take us to the market. In the meantime, Mike is excited about his new hologram belt buckle
you love me more you bought me a pink sparkley dolphin(:
Marriott in LA you were fun. Hot tub you were good to me. but glad to be back home in SD :)
Need to look at Landes & Posner to see what they say about libraries. Could be fun!
Philadelphia Distilling has appointed Total Beverage Solution (TBS) as its national sales and distribution partner for its portfolio.
Practice til 8 tonight! Show tomorrow come out a support
Apologies to friends who received a reminder today for yesterday's webinar, we're experiencing technical difficulties with our email system!
you are most welcome. You can talk to me about anything, I'll listen and help anyway I can.
GREAT JOB LIZ!! GREAT VOCALS AND JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SEXINESS!! PERFECT...OOH LA LA!! F/S...
We do NOT have a show this Saturday. But we ARE performing at 's show Pillow Talk in BK on Monday! Back at The PIT on the 31st!
No one uses it. Visually, the interface is quite nice... I also hate 's photo galleries/uploader with a fiery passion.
I can't wait to visit my dad for 2 weeks (:
Tomorrow a Food Demo at King Soopers, 100 Littleton Blvd, Littleton from 1-7pm. Who's hungry for some samples of chorizo and sausage?
RT : How many Facebook alternatives can we join before our mums notice we regret friending them?
Thank You all again for your comments and emails keep them coming. my email address is if you have any questions.
The board's moving on now to hear a presentation from district CFO Ron Little
Why now? Why me? Why period.
I believe that "they" prefer that you are not sick when you get your flu shot. I get mine on Thursday.
Is it too early to panic about the #Brewers? This team doesn't seem "special."
is there a video of the Eucalyptus presentation on Open Source that you tweeted about?
My intent today is to embrace the moment as it is and not impose upon it what was or what could be. (via )
what is FF?
how long have u been sick
GOTTA LOVE THE MAUROS!!!!!! 😲
They willing to work with me
A #BFBeatlesFactoid - today in 1963 the Beatles' first album, "Please Please Me," was released in the U.K.
you have fun too!
Happy mother's day to all my momma tweeps! Enjoy your day...you deserve it!!! :)
Industry image in by Juliana Beasley. 2 week e-mail going out tomorrow
Thanks! It was good to see you too. A very interesting conference this year. :o)
Registration is now open for #edcampss March 24th, in Philadelphia. Tickets will go fast so register early and donate.
how things with you?
Show in chattanooga was great!
Seen Avengers 3 times within the past week ....... Shall we shawarm now or shawarm later?!
Vacation officially over. Time to go home and burn off the holiday flab. Who's with me?
Oh I may have seen her photo on your page. Is that her? So cute!
lol can I still come over???? Or no???
“: First base coach Nate Shaver thrown out after a bad call by the 1st base ump ends the inning.” Shaver said something?
what u doing loser
aye bro ima re~record my verse on that song
Thank you for your support!
Hands down, Rise Against.
I didn't vote in the 2010 OH governor race because I hadn't been here long and didn't know any of the candidates or platforms
: #Salute 2 errybody grabbin life by the throat and takin what the world owes u!!!
Alright alright! USC! Welcome to the team Nick Perry!!!
You bet. I hope things are going well and the book is continuing to sell!
I wish my girlfriend didn't hate me...
Why is having a foot fetish my weakness?!!
NO WAY! :D
I have been trapped in a DOWNTON ABBEY vortex for two days now. And I like it.
In my efforts to have a stess-free holiday, I've opted out of a DIY Christmas. I feel like a jerk, but on the other hand: I'm almost done!!!
It's not too late to stop by to claim 2 free tickets to Pasties&Popcorn this weekend @ Atlas Performing Arts Center part of !
ooohhh, do I get to wear a big hat? I would come if I get to wear a big hat...
I added them all
Food fact of the Day: April 12, 1989 The USSR issued ration cards for sugar due to a shortage.
This girl that walked by me reminded me of Natalie cause she's short and skinny.
'you wreck me' just came on shuffle THANK GOD
Rooney Mara's dad owns the Steelers? If I wasn't interested before...
listening to a beautiful audio cd of Polly's Hovaths's My One Hundred Adventures when son Alex and I are in the car together
69 on me
Follow he has the best tweets
Online shopping in a school >>>>>
So much I could blog on tonight. Not enough energy. Tomorrow.
I have had this killer tension headache for a week now. Aspirin, ibuprofen, and tylenol don't seem to help, and neither does water.
I'm around. Just hit me up when you're free and clear. DM or call. Safe travels!
:) We're in the same city!
following because I am a listener of TFTTF too.
RT had great lunch at 10% discount for 30307 residents may be final push i need 2 finally change my license over lol
but I am interviewing for a summer companion who will lead to a permanent fixture.
I hate Derek
is your fb default just u lolz
hopefully the complacency of the parent club isn't sneaking down on the farm
I was bit by a spider - it doesn't hurt yet.
i love you too & thank you, i'm tryin :)
fall 2011 soundtrack: "Ultraviolence (re-edit mix), "Hurt", "Mesh", "Senses", all tracks by New Order.
I"m a Clairvoyant/ Medium & mom. :) Other then that I'm The Golden Randomee..you don't have to bow just cash ;)
Ekk! Hope I'm on that invite list ;-) I hear wedding bells....
Connie's reliable.
I got 1 for u #imagine madison:hey beautiful;)*picks u up* wanna hang out so I can brag to the Boyz about dating u!?! :)
Rudy missed you!!
Getting ready for services tonight.
If you told me in HS,the "dirtbike balance" game from accounting would turn into "Trials Evolution" on something called 360?
Awesome! RT : Funny enough, FREEDOM is what motivates me.
nope. Do you want me to?
We LOVE gettin emails sayin "Your order has been shipped!"
..just bought myself a mug that explains what makes a successfull rockette..i think it's awesome
1 in 10 bridges in Chicago area are structurally deficient! We need to fix them! Thank for helping the cause!
Drum set. Appear before me.
There are going to be some big changes coming in the next few months - are you ready? I am!
wow, i think i've gone on for a couple hours. it's been a while though. that was like when it first came out.
Happy Mother's Day! Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
Running late to pick up 8yo at school, 3yo watching Dora Me:where's my bra Him: I swiped it! Me:where 3yo: follow the map-arms crossed mom
Ohh lol my bad .. But you guys would be really cute
I always think playoff hockey over Game of Thrones is a no-brainer. Then it's 8:50 and I can't make up my mind.
I've got dreams in hidden places and extra smiles for when I'm blue. - Author Unknown
I cannot fathom why people cannot understand that Obama is a chimera and that he'll blow apart under pressure.
No freaking way...Wilson better not die on
What do you say to your kid when they are sad?
just some from school. Lol.
#ACFAMILYMEETING I ALWAYS GET EXCITED WHEN I HEAR FAMILY MEETING THATS THE ONLY THING I LOOK FORWARD TO ON MONDAYS
like when then?
What a day full of [not provided]. What's wrong, can't figure it out? :)
(x its optional practice! Plus I have training this week though so I can't go to both.
Ugh I feel hungover from too much sleep.
I can't enter, but you shld! RT Win #gigs4good tix tonight + ride. Tweet why w #ubertogigsforgood to enter!
At an event w/ Great organization who gives instruments to school music programs. Shout out to
I checked out SATTDOWN the other day and got my grub on. Let me know when we're rolling
Typical click through for SEO vs PPC: 88% SEO 12% PPC...wow!
List in Men's Health of most dangerous cities. Detroit, Miami, Baltimore, Newark and Dallas. Our mission for drug free families
Packing for tour tonight with so pumped!
Now that that's over, I can finally get to what I signed up to this for: live-tweeting "Finding Bigfoot."
Sunny day in San Francisco! Finally get to go out and play tourist!
If you want a free ticket to the Opening Night Party give us a shout - we got tickets, we got your back.
Currently hanging with the boys at 's house...
so facebook now has 901 million users, this is a sign for me to get off. ;-//
#IWillNeverTrust girls that play both sides of each situation .
Just got a Path
Shhhh.... Yes there is
So ! PLZ Tell to your friends to follow me because I need 1000 ! Because I can follow you again only If I have 1000 ! Love Effie
Thanks, Michael. #ABACLC to catch the Austin Flyer bus walk out of airport and walk to the RIGHT. Costs $1.
why do you think they changed the name from Department of War to the Deptment of Defense?
Imagine how different rap lyrics would sound if rappers were also financial planners.
love you too b word lol :)
Movies is what I do for work. Plus today's games are practically movies in and of themselves, i.e. Uncharted 2.
I'm so glad to see you awake.
MySpace and Facebook got a divorce.. Looks like Facebook got custody of all the kids.
i don't like seeing people so broken. i just want to make all ya'll feel happy cause i know what your going through. but i too, is a mess.
you got it girl!
there's 364 other days in the year to discuss. It would be nice if we kept 1 day celebratory
Should I follow him? RT Ran over to Walgreen's to get a prescription filled. What a beautiful day!
its time to take chances and find my own wings. <3
By whole foods salad bar you mean unlimited fruit roll ups right? RT : I imagine heaven looking a lot like the Whole Foods salad bar
Mitt Romney contradicts himself in the same sentence lol
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy
You know who is, and I know it's not you. LOL
when you beat a woman so bad, she decides to stab you, you're a villain.
tks for the mention Troy!
I already said no to her haha.
I enjoy it the most.
CH CH CH CHYEAH
I agree with on all counts. Plus I wear glasses ;-)
Hammonds Candies has a display in Whole Foods. Sweet.
Success often eludes us when it becomes an end in itself.
do you ever see yourself dating Tyler <3 x
what do you mean? Henry has been here for a while.
cause you never text me anymore
When you scream at the top of your lungs when comes on the preview for hip hop squares <3
dear Bedstuy Brooklyn- TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!!!!
Good thing my high school is actually fun , cause I would NEVER wake up this early for a boring school!
My two favorite teams played. One of them had to go through. It sucks #FCBarcelona didn't advance but I have to root for my #Chelsea now!
I'm still here.
“I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter! #minkoff4mark”
I tweet way too much and tweet limits a bitch. So, no more tweets. DM if important!! Night <3
Thank you Dallas! I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend. Hope the photos bring you all much success
we each did two....jerk. And they're pretty good right there.
By the way.. I can see your weave
So i think my frap is to sweet, smh! I need some water asap lol.
Hi Dale, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
laundry? that's a bummer! #Pizza tour sounds fun though!! yum! favorite toppings? :)
What will you do when YOUR the minority?? I'm glad that's something expected to happen in my lifetime.. I wanna see your face...
139 kids signed up to be summer readers this past Saturday ---have you signed up with us yet?
hahaha, for sure. i'm really fired up. thanks so much!
About to embark on a new recipe: Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites. Hoping they turn out yummy ... maybe can give a verdict later!
I keep thinking about her :/ any advice on what i should do?
Haha, did you read the yeast though, warm is fruitier, colder is more citrus. Hope the bathroom works with your flavor ideas.
Presentisim saves me from making a very bad mistake of assuming life has always been this way.
If you could build anything in the world- what would that tool look like and what would it do?
hello, Kevin from Giant Thinkwell here. Did you happen to get my mail last week about ?
thanks for the post!
Happy Hump day ! Let's get it On
Cheerfulness is what greases the axles of the world. Don't go through life creaking
Is there a delay to the Ustream?
The first vibe you get from someone is handsdown the best vibe..because it can go either way- up or down frm that point on.
time to be brilliant.
#WhenSummerGetHere we will continue to lounge in the sun like we have been doing all year round
They command the attention of the audience and cause them to take action
Started an Intro to Voice Over last night.
ask around town. Your bound to find someone good
Happy Tuesday!
and what's with the lady's turtleneck windbreaker?
RT : Everyone is getting peppermint mochas today. I get those fuckers year round. Outta the way posers.
Bored and I don't like being bored
Who'd win in a fight between & ?? Taking bets now..
i hate when i look at the window and see the reflection from the TV and think its a person :O
Hey everyone, my buddy is jumping into the Twitter universe head first. Please give him a listen. I promise it will be interesting
@ the movies Standing behind tall ass Scott Hastings.
RT : Better than average job growth in the next three years for Houston, Austin, Oklahoma City, Seattle, Portland and San Francisco.
Seems like a set-up, doesn't it? is so addled at this point I have to lob them in slowly. But it's the truth!
Lakers won! Bonfire time!
Legit though..
yes, thank you for checking! i see that you're the only one that cares =/
I have been forced to change my position on certain things lately. Gotta love assumption-shattering-narrative-architecture.
oh yeah, I'd have to have the docs open the whole time, copying and pasting.
you all looked fabulous at little door last night, happy birthday to Kelly, she was beaming brightly :)
Forrest Gump is on TBS. My Sunday is now ruined
NO FAT LADY SINGING YET!!!!!
Thank you!
Well let's face it, if I say I'm getting naked its a threat. If you do, there's a cover charge.
wait 4 next weeks show
Listening to some Boosie, about to head to the G-station. "Memories (Feat. Webbie)" by "Lil Boosie"
Hey thanks again for following, let me know if there is anything I can do for you. Visit kewlaire.com
Oh & two old btf songs two, I just felt like it was appropriate.
One last music note before finalizing direct mail & premium. Tesla has TWO?! cover albums?! This is why I love
#RonPaul is holding a town hall meeting in Ft. Worth at Will Rogers, 7pm
that's wright Homie! Welcome to Twitter!
I only ever see FB mentioned here. Never Twitter mentioned there. Seems there's huge inferiority complex going around.
The amount of terrible logic being exhibited in this film is staggering.
Thanks - got it. Unfortunately, I don't have an iPhone (yet) so I needed the complicated RSS feed
Squirrels and boys are basically the same, its all fun and games until someone loses a nut.
yes, I'm a #ROC tweep
hello angel..keep the music going
#Emmy great job!!! Congrats!
High Five it's *FINALLY* Friday. Just a warning- I may have to sing the song at some point today...
Thanks for the #FF mention !
Just broke in the new cast iron with some étouffée. Paired nicely with some wine and a little dash of Mario Bros.
you are missing all of the excitement in Nashville. Hope the family is away.
Several reasons, 1 people don't want to think about it being their husband, father, brother or son.
Lauren, I had a couple classes with (Lindsey). She had a mktg focus and is happy to talk to you about that stuff.
*HUGS AND KISSES
glad u enjoyed it! Followed, thanks for your support! <33
Shes about to get a whole lot of this  from me.
If I keep my exercise/eating habits up, maybe I'll be close to my goal weight by Memorial Day weekend.
hope you can join us! :) it's super chill
Do you have 4 herbs that you cook with most? Planting your kitchen window box!
Happy Real Madrid is out of the tournament!
Sure! Let's connect. Send me a DM when you have a chance. Thx for the connection!
Nothin like going to CJs after a long day at work. :)
Spring Break on my mind with and 4 days ladies!!!!
Had an incredible dinner at #TheOysterBox tonight in #Umhlanga with and our US #Indaba hosted media.
oh, which one?
Hey! Here until Wednesday... I think? It's up in the air. How are you? Get my last #Facebook message?
Final #ff to
what can I say? I love hanging with my way cool third year friend
Coconut milk; unless in my lifetime proved otherwise, it's the absolute worst thing I've ever tasted in my life.
Leadership is believing that those around you deserve your best. And knowing that they need it to become their best.
CW renews Supernatural, Vampire Diaries and 90210.
hope you had a great night!
You know what's better than an MGK song? 2 MGK songs!
RT : I just watched the Twins offense screw their newest starting pitcher out of a win, can I get a retweet?
I loved getting to spend time with today! I'm gonna miss my cohort when we're exiled to dissertation land (and beyond)!
Beautiful "shift" in words, from "pay" to "ENJOY!" So let's BE IN JOY!! The Choice is mine; how am I choosing??? (see previous tweet...)
Hope your day is wonderful! RT : ...;)
Thanks for the follow, Lewis. I followed you back. :)
Chili Chicks at with on stage. Great show, dance floor & crowd. Loving great live Country music.
Stupid freakn rednecks wrecked a damn fourwheeler by my house and now my power is out
After sitting behind the camera this past year, there are so many things I wish actors knew...
got you.
EYE TUNES
Life is so good right now. I"m sure I'll wake up soon.
So like, 5 people saw me naked yesterday.
not in a bad way. I understood the joke.
Lakers coming back!! Yeah
RT : Mark Shriver is seriously the real deal. So smart, passionate and realistic. It's all about Early Education.
Technology comes to town!
If you could go any place in the world right now, where would it be, and why?
Ha ha, yes this was a fun post to create! RT : Now I want to binge on donuts....
I've realized that I hate new relationships. I like the old ones because at least then i know what to do...
LOL, with empathy
My brother is a monkey
hey gourgusee. (: imma miss u tonight;)
In 48 hours, I've had a burrito, a hashbrown and a salad. I'm dying
RT : Wow. So this is news. Makes buying an Epic Pass for the season all that more attractive, especially for families.......
its sold out though! :/
Welcome Andrew! Join the fun :)
My appraisal went really well. It really showed my growth as a teacher.
wut?! about what?
we might be tasting one of your beers! Can't wait to see what does for us.
great job on ur last fight and you do have the fastest ko!!!
Bi-Winning- the act of winning both here and there. A bi-winning person is someone with the blood of a tiger. The opposite of bi-polar
thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
FYI I'm eating granola w. my legs propped on the tree stump I use as a coffee table listening to instrumental covers of Death Cab for Cutie.
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else<3
At the half, 26-Austin College 36.
Reunited and it feels so good!
Was Mickey Mouse a cat or a dog?
Mazel tov to grandmother, mother, & baby!
Friday nite go to the Hi Ho Lounge on St. Claude Ave to hear Denton Hatcher. Rockin'!! (shameless promo of band hubby plays in)
hudson? to represent america? shame on you. get a bourbon from kentucky (or lairds bonded applejack). dm me for recs
Doors open and 5 and happy hour until 6pm... Join us tonight for delicious tapas and fresh sangria!
that's a foul and the goal isn't ?!
Whatever my girlfriend is doing I hope she's out safe<3 I love you babe!
u say ur not there for pleasure, ur there for ur daughter, yet u go drinking w ur ex for his bday... that makes no sense if u ask me
think yes
cant wait to see with 100+ yds and 3 tds on MNF against the Raiders to start the season! Go Broncos!
New JC Penny commercials remind me of old Target ads but Target actually featured stuff they sell. Does Pennys sell catholic school jumpers?
Pushing legislation to enact hangover policy on national drinking holidays
High School Seniors, you're gonna miss it when its over....#JOKING!! College life is 10 times better lol. Ha, fooled you!
I get that way for a few minutes then I'm back to normal.
Anyone else at Mutemath at HOB tonight?
Tucsson's Business Clubs America presenting the first of 6 business seminars today for members. Will be happening at BCA member U of PHX
Trip to the chiropractor yielded an unexpected, but highly extremely satisfying massage and an incredible adjustment!
Oh yeah, did I mention I got a follow from fucking ?!
#ShopDSE Beautiful Detroit Day.
Yay! So happy for you that gets to come be with you for a little while! Have fun guys and be safe!!
Old skills matter: ques nego/ref interview req w/ people who don't/can't say what they want or need. Our job is to help.
"I think I got some of that new strain of Bird cock swine flue all over my legs. It's horrible!"
I am so Loving this season so far
what is the Better Series?
I guess you have a point there. Maybe I was too concerned about my fantasy baseball team's stats to see it
We'll announce when/how sign ups open right here. How old are you?
Congrats on the fence! I love having a garden, so nice to pluck out what I need for dinner. Doesn't get any fresher.
Ugh...one of these days I'll do that do not call number for my cellphone.
I told somebody at work you need to punch it in the chest like in The Rock/Pulp Fiction The allergy person was terrified
Hey Jim! Just saw that you're teaching a ebook career class at The Writer's Store in LA. Congrats and have fun!
Attending a workshop on how best to report on #AU/NEPAD programmes and projects here in addis ababa
Best acceptance pose by men showing leg making fun of Angelina ever.
Happy Birthday beautiful!!!!!
It burns! RT : #PowerPoint pet peeve: black, or dark, backgrounds with white and red text.
One of our favorite quotes from Aron Ralston at People to Know last week: "The boulders in our lives are our greatest blessings." We'd...
I am embarrassed to be a #chiefs fan today.
Wow, what's your fav?! RT : food is crazy good in my top 3 BBQ spots in Philly
Knisches and Hummus is my power food for Boise rectal resizing
those new kits are slick!
yes, saw it - so much going on this weekend - when are those clones coming - it is 2012 already, chop-chop!
happy birthday honey boo boo!!!!
On Bowery excited to see perform!!
Message tonight changed the way I think about Social Justice, and therefore, my life. The wheat and the weeds, man.
Wishing Jesus Christ a Happy Birthday. Thanks for everything so far.
I really shouldn't be eating 2 biscuits and gravy but I need some comfort food, dammit!
Last day of school tamarrow😄😃☺😉
wats the move in orlando tho?
At the end of the day I just wanna be happy!
Thanks. Looking forward to talk to you soon.
Oh, , I forgot that at the Herald you all roll deep.
News: Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Good Morning , today is day 2 of States..Wish us luck & please have a nice day.
Hi Mr.Ricky !!
what u watching
drawing from imagination this time.
Possibly the worst UPS Store is #4405 at 6140 Gun Club Road, Aurora, CO 80016. Terrible service, don't care about customers! AVOID!!!!
My apologies to the guy in the Acura who i unjustly flipped off on the way to the hospital. When wife is in labor, things like that happen.
Living good, feeln better.
So where u going?
Any suggestions for the best article on the need for open access in the #humanities? Looking to prompt some internal discussion.
Yeah, I think that it's going to be interesting to hear what Matt Damon has to say. Midterms done, now off to prepare for SITE.
Oh I kno...wait...do I kno you?
Rearranging my room! x3
Just embarrassed you ovie
I LOST THE GAME.
"You're not my life, but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world, but you're the best thing in it."
Love getting calls in the middle of the night from my euro family.
I wish I could be there tonight! You will do a beautiful job.
im going after my dreams, oe day i'll be a famous singer and i will meet janet!!
it was already dead when i found it! Pinky swear! :p
outlets with mama (:
These brands are identified to be world’s finest chocolates
Dear Media, Enough with the worrying about Weiner! What's done is done.
I'm pretty sure a lot of people are gonna wanna bet me!! But I'll get the last laugh!!
He's really, really trying to be MJ.
on ASS Mr Nice Watch he lick my nut up lol
Good looking out
Awlready. I'm gonna grab that #BlueMagic by when I hit the crib. You should do the same. no doubt.
Omg mr rogers neighborhood and arthur oh an dragon tales :D between the lions Omg !! X)
": I should call deshawn & wake his ass up. 😏"i would have beat cho ass!!!
I said it starts tomorrow foo RT you say that after having like 4 cookies today....plus no Moes?
I swear better hit me up or our friendship is over!!!! Squirt is going bye bye lol
"At any age you can still IGNITE YOUR PURPOSE through finding your PASSION" - Bishop T.D. Jakes
for me, when I realized the relationship had purpose.
you need a better pic that's not gonna cut it
We following you guys now, do work!
hell no...
Thanks to Roeland Park KS mayor Adrienne Foster for inspiring others @ the Latina Leadership conf.
Just wrapped up an interview w/ Studio Tulsa. Listen to it tomorrow @ 11:30 and 7pm on KWGS 89.5
club Jenna girl, but I'm not sure of her name at the moment
on another note. i want a slim fit short sleeved baseball jersey. thats all
But the lovers they hate me too.
Guess I'll do my hair since I'm wide awake! O_o
I laugh so hard everytime I see Luis.
"Silent Phillies fan" has to be my favorite sound.
You're more than welcome! So glad we could help.
Fade Out! here we go....
Are we gonna do this or what? I think you know I like you a lot, but you're 'bout to miss your shot ; Are you gonna kiss me or not? ;)
Shout out for Shout out? Tweet me!♥
Good morning everybody Just wanna thank god for another day.
My nose is like a freakin faucet. #BoyzHitStamford whos excited?
Bout to go spark up tho!
playing with my new puppy, my power was out for two days, it just came on at like 4:00 today. Loll
Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other. (Romans 12:10)
Holy poop nugget there is traffic on the island already omg... :O
Miss me little when gone
making this a solo trip...dont have time for this
Most of the students at my school can't read an analog clock. I don't blame them, I put it on technology, but damn I feel OLD!
When I get off work I'm gonna finish the video for the White Girl Wasted MegaMix. Retweets/Reblogs would be a perfect Bday gift! *wink*
#Flyers missed a glorious scoring chance on their first attempt of the game by hitting the post.
tomato,AIRPLANE
yeah, nothing more exciting than looking up while in the shower and seeing the upstair tenants tub!
good for you, I may join you!
I wanted to ask u a question! How many times a week do u work out? Lol :)
How many services is everyone singing this weekend? What's the best one for music?
How many times a nigga gotta burn you before you leave him alone?
awesome! I cut deals. The most reliable and easy to work on van. Make him buy it so I can tattoo already.
Wonderful time in NYC. Windows open, breeze blowing through, bringing the smells of dozens of neighbors cooking. Great, now I'm hungry.
Cupcake Clan! Yea... thats it! Bribe with cupcakes!
what'd i miss?
think you were hacked!
boom. the infection has been completed. “: The Burn has been stuck in my head all day at work”
Did it not convert right for you or something?
thanks Nathan!
Yo we got a show November21 @ The Polish Club with ThatSameSunrise, Vela, NFA, and more! Tickets are $5! Congrats to btw!
social media movie - wonder if it is worth going...
come take me to see titanic! You are due for a visit anyway : )
Love Gregg Williams speech minus ACL and concussion comment. Great coach and motivator would love to play for a guy like that.
Thanks! It's surprising how different it feels to stand at a computer.
Just took quite a spill in the sams parking lot
Why am I awake ?
Me and brody are making bank.
if it is public information it's fair game.
Saying "I'm sorry", and saying "I apologize" mean the same/interchangeable in almost all scenarios... except if attending a funeral.
Oops! Cool stuff! Not cook
IN now-HAPPY TAURUS bday's...
Whenever I do that, I wonder if passers-by know that I'm walking to the beat...
THANK YOU PO PAPA GOD. :).
Wings over everything > Money over everything
RT : RT : People u should check out and in tonights #janebydesign they are ...
Why yes of course I would wake up at 4am just to post on Twitter! I hope some of you are getting more rest than me. ^jl
The decline of traditional marriage has nothing to do with the #GOP assault on the middle class and everything to do with those evil gays.
I'm SO relieved/happy that Robin turned out to be the bride. FINALLY i'm almost guaranteed a endgame for one of my TV ships.
Matthew should've fought harder for Mary. He's a lawyer, for Pete's sake. He should know how to make a strong case! :)
Im my way to greenville
That's a disappointment. Was looking forward to it. MT I'm going to finish THE MARRIAGE PLOT, but what an unrelenting chore.
sorry my friend. So frustrating! Great meeting you today though, see you tomorrow.
If you missed Part 1, track it down. Good reporting, good writing, good stuff. RT : Part 2 of "49 Miles, 49 Minutes" coming Sunday.
Thanks Laura!
no, dude, I mean an actual Motorola DROID, not whatever HTC deal you're messing with. Or is it the Android OS you don't like?
Just chilling like the top door.
Fed is focusing on STEM education important building block for innovation.
Hello from the table to your right! Sad our tables didn't get paper and crayons.
MY BOY MOVE SO MUCH BRITNEY SPEARS, THEY GAVE THAT NIGGA KEVIN FED TIME!
Dude! There is a dubstep remix of the Juliet hardcore song. DOPE as fuck.
can you RT some of our tweets please?
Playing at AJs in #Destin tonight with ! Fireworks at midnight over the Harbor
Yes, but school's for fools!
I just may have a contact for you. But not until after going public. A lot of doors will be opening up.
Great show last night!
Um, no. That link in your tweet has a big Play button that needs a product called _Media Player Lite_.
hope there's no thunder tonight, so you catch some sleep
party doing psa for only you can save energy chateau marmont
We miss you! How've you been? :)
Cafe special for Friday & Saturday: $9.75-Spaghetti & Meatballs, served with side salad and garlic bread.
I have a verifid
you sing very good
Back to the game
Blogger VS Wordpress. What is better to make a website and why?
its good enough to take some big manmeat to lay on it
Most lamed songs on turntable.fm are no surprises Rick Astley, Rebecca Black and Skrillex.
Why yes, it is a Rage Against the Machine kind of day.
One thing I can say about Drake is that most of his music (that Ive listened to) doesn't degrade women
Is this when you had a 3p Armani suit on and ordered the most amazing grilled cheese of your life...#gd x's
Sadly, MTPO is still temporarily UCB-only following recent DDOS attack. We'll tweet news as soon as we have any.
don't start with this april fools shit -_-
Cool designs + Comfortable fit, Urban Outfitters definitely has them
Im workin on it :) RT : I have 12 shirts, 2 tanks, a hoodie, and crewneck. You should restock "Hootlife" in large
“: Great. Wisconsin even won Miss America. #NotOurYearMinnesota” so true!
Good Morning...Enjoy Your Day!
Hi Bryan, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you build customer profiles to understand their experiences DM?
Looks like a last minute change in plans- won't be going to the reserve game after all.
how many more floors are there?
Ah I hate saying "No", I feel bad :/
Nothing more maddening than #NPR wasting time w. #Santorum's speech which, even by his standards, said nothing.
Preparing for June 11. What is everyone up to?
Nothing makes me chuckle more than a bad pun.
do you think they'll have another walk on role if a season 3 comes out?
posted pics on facebook ;)
Dude your hair is awesome. You're also a super talented vocalist!
Nothin like starting your day with getting blood drawn. Bring it on Tuesday.
KG is nice. He 1 a my fav guys too. iUse ta b a huge VC fan bcuz of how he dunked lol
awesome!!! you rock thanks :D
That's some nice ink!
I love what the Browns did in the draft. Got exactly what they needed most.
Me too! I think I'm just excited about being unavailable for crises.
You're like a coin, not valuable but two faced.
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
i wish the usa could do it
RT : Get a great deal on #parkbenches, no matter what they’re made of.: These 3 Seat Wooden Park Benches with Contour......
Basketball is like life, everytime the ball hits the foor i sink a lil' more
I know! Scares me tho bc will all old articles still comprise questions on the exam??
Hahahahaha :) love it. ♥
Why do you all feel the need to throw snowballs at people who are just trying to do their jobs? C'mon Madison, you can do better
Clothes ironed....look fabulous today - a sure thing.
the better question is who's waiting till tonight to start drinking?
Don't worry. It's on the playlist.
For you Mary, done!
Follow me at
"Jerry just remember ... It's not a lie ... if you believe it" - George Costanza - Ha!
just killed it!
Agreed. Just making sure you're not making the 'designers have to do everything' argument - you happen to be very good at both.
Eminem and Dre in top form. Amazing collaboration back in the day - evolved to incl. Rihanna and Skylar Grey
shanna i love you so much, cant wait until the all girl sleepover thing.. welp your my sister and my best friend. cal me<3
You are welcome! Fleet Week is a favorite event & I love to spread the news! It's what I do best. Micci
Bill Barron & brother Kenny, " Live at Cobi's 2" on Steeplechase. Love that urgent tone Bill has. The brothers play well together.
Happy Holidays to all...
those are all excellent choices!
I hear ya. “: Why? RT : Just texted with a lawmaker. Weird.”
Who do I speak with about a potential company for ATDC? I assume it is you, but don't want to waste your time if not.
Best Pic Oscar: The Sting. Butch & Sundance ride again!
No, I have to go to a presentation about ghost and the supernatural. :/ Are you going??
you should come to Cali one day for a vacay
mesh Well not mess lol
I was only looking at your nametag, honest!
Justin Bieber to pen song about accusations of fathering a child, morality of gay adoption.
You'll do great things when you discover how to live your passions. Connect your passions to everything you do today.
i see you finally listened to me and got a twitter :)
Central authority figures are no longer authoritative. We're controlling all of us.
yawn .... good night all.
RT Tomorrow is Saint Patrick’s Day. Retweet if you’ve eaten a green fruit or vegetable today.
when they wander into your yard, they become candidates for coq au vin
What do Michale Buble, Taylor Swift, Hillsong United and Motley Crue all have in common?
Go Emily! You can do it!
The only alcohol you drink is light beer. Step yo game up.
Shout out to for appreciating the work we put in together.
When moms cooked dinner you ate what she cooked if not
We want to boo the Rangers fans on the #DCMetro. I know it's not nice, but we want to scream, "Go #Caps!"
Sorry for your loss Huge global pedophile ring busted, officials say cnet.co/egsGJ2
Wow, mother nature is pretty bipolar.
half a year, i just feel really bad for all the people in SA! ;( & cuz of alex!
BabaBooey to y'all!!!
college for an nfl alumni panel.
Its make sense for Santorum wage war against an industry that turns his last name into a sex act. They video taped it, then monetized it.
middle finger by mac miller>>>
What instrument?
I monitor Twitter for FTB mentions. If you require help, follow me and DM and I will have someone call you. I am with FTB.
": Niall was at the darts tonight."
Volstad is huge
In my conference experience, there will always be people less dressy and more dressy than I am, & I'm ok with that!
Happy Passover, Go Heat!!!
Awesome! How r u?RT : Hi. How are you?
Good things do happen around Christmas! got a call saying someone found my stolen present :)
THE CJCI can always be counted on to share some of the best BLING!
just looking out for our #SportingKC family
Moon pie ice cream. I love the South.
I mean CAN'T pull them together. Going off the Term Sheet, fishing for fiscal notes on new streams would delay vote several days
since yesterday! Sprint, sir.
RT - followed me!
Um...hm... RT Joy Behar on interracial marriage: "I'm really sad I haven't tasted me some chocolate." #TheView Get em!
falling faster, barely breathin, give me something to believe in
why don't you tell him that i'm leavinn, never lookin' back again.
Mad busy...getting ready for the next show....More details to come! Stay tuned party people!!!!
I heard that when you hit the cap, Miz drops down from the stars to recruit you into an allstar intergalactic block dropping army.
idk. Juana told me she was. I'm confused now lol
Hey can you guys add the Alternate kit in an update?
Those are good too. :)
alright love you
Yes n Deed! Yes n Deed!
Overhearing three students talk about the survey they took. It was from 's #j202 class.
The struggle for freedom, justice, human rights and against racism is a global battle.
Come thru we at Rocca Bar...R.I.P Tiff...Black and White Halloween!
I've always wondered... is it more important to have style or class? Anyone have any thoughts on that?
Also help your elder relative increase safety. Remove clutter from floors and stairways, improve lighting and always wear a helmet on bikes.
NO SLEEP ALL STUDY YAY FINALS
I officialy dis own courtney as a friend !
the streets seem to be safe once again
lmao acting like you didn't forget about me too!
Working on the new catalog with many new products. Stay tuned!
I had carrots with dinner it reminds of louis :P
Hey Brent, hows it going down there in SD tonight. Anything fun going on
I knew in '05 Fla's stand ur ground law was going to end in some innocent AA boy being killed
can we please hang out soon that dance picture got me all reminiscing and shit #💋
is the roof part closed right now Ala Sunday 1:10 games?
Thank you to everyone who came out to #iMappening 2012 and made it such a wonderful success! See you next year!
Miss m was with me. "Look," she said, "that tortoise is trying to climb on the other tortoise's back! You can do it, little guy!"
Unlocking Video Challenge submission period ends Sunday 5/8. 5 more days to get your submissions in! bit.ly/e03ObY
The Admissions process for the next semester has started, for more information go to http//www.bramsonort.edu/
Stay faithful.
Lovely days lead to lovely nights, and lovely nights... well, hopefully they lead to breakfast. :)
my seven nights starts tonight. im just counting down until i am part time in june. i just cant wait YAY!!!!!!!!!!
getting my kinect boxing on 👊
Ships today ;)
Epic month
Do they sell deep fried brass knuckles?
he's not on that level
This #OhioSt #Gonzaga game is fun to watch so far!
would you guys kill me if i say i legit think that you deserve a cactus up your ass?
Why would you ever move away from this amazing place? Now we can't be spoons and stuff darn it
This is our time, Now
:-/ bummed about the wifi issue. that sucks, and what 4 more hours to go?
Who cares! RT : Fact: The Duggars spend $4,000 a month on groceries. #19KidsAndCounting: First Grandson special, tonight at 8/7c.
He said his name was lil fat fat from fair st. I said yeah I use to be over there my ppl stayed in the white house across the gate from CAU
so you dont care anymore
meet you at the shack tonight? Via dreamland?
"We have these old weird ones with hot women on the covers". And they're like "is the viking song one here?"...
REtweet if youve every been cheated on or played:/</3
Paul Ryan: Obama' health care law will kill job creators . Election about the American dream
Thanks, Manuel! Horses are good people ;)
lol yep. for both of us. hahaha
My student, an American, landed a role of an English girl. Her competition included real English actresses!
Thanks for following!! Love your work! XOXO
Wildflower is an awesome school in need, worthy of our help #coloradosprings They value #play in education!
LOL! Too funny! Guess who my fictional soulmate is? Sue Sylvester from Glee
“: Some1 on our Facebook ph recommended Scott Bakula.”---seriously?!?! Think BIG. Tom Cruise has a movie this summer to promote
There is something so lovely about the singing voice of a child...: )
I'm still n da H...just watched this lady give a homeless man $20...0_o
haha! I still haven't used my put a bird on it app to it's fullest potential
New show: 10 hours and 23 minutes :)
Delete mo nga ung tweet mo.
The #1 cutest black guy ever (in my book) is Marcus Hopson. <3
Looks like I may have a summer internship after all!!! Yes
Im OBSESSED with song #BOYFRIEND ! its so good!<3
Citigroup handed my loan to who is totally screwing up my credit
Diamonds are forever , she my bitch forever!
either of you around? and I are in the Gaslamp area.
Just published my first Umberto Eco tweet, footnoted in an article... In English.
yes I be so frustrated
Thy word is a lamp unto myfeet, and a light unto my path. Psalms 119:105
hey plz follow me bac Hav something 2 tell u n I really wanted 2 c u @ citywalk but my mom said no were goin on June 5 :(
This weather is not helping my cold
Glad you found the page - good luck!
BE PRO-ACTIVE this weekend! Check your roofs. I know b-o-r-i-n-g. But what you may discover could save you MOOLAH in leaks later on.
Life is so confusing right now...
my birthday was thursday, can i get a tweet from my idol?! :) <33
Ppl say u have drama butt u don't<<<<<<<
