My misanthropy knows no bounds.
Taking a relax on the record for a bit going off to do some shows on my own hello Iowa, Chicago, and Indiana/hometown
Not any longer...I'm from the Lou, I used to shoot the 5 Spot back in the day with Isis Jones. I live in New York now.
yeah, just another day Catherine Zeta Jones and Mark Walberg filming a movie down the hall
I dig. Looking forward to seeing you in the summer!
I think it's Subway time. Veggie Paties to go please.
#Furthur to play Northrop Auditorium on University of Minnesota campus!
Explaining Over Thing....
than your fine, just flip the quarter to heads walk away & walk back to the quarter & BAM you made your own luck ;D
I can't express how disturbingly awful/embarassing for us all this Berquam video was. Next time, ask for an intern from the first.
o WALL-E
u mean my money lol
you already know
I hate it when you ask me what i want for my birthday,because you are what i want.
specially for the fact I miss the exit to 280 and had to go across town to get to 101.
That seriously ruined my whole night.
Just watched '93 game 7 with my dad. That was INTENSE. He says it's like reliving it all over again.
OK everyone ... back to work. #Eddie ^dy
On a final note, don't judge folks by their tweets. There is more to folks than a few characters on Twitter. Writing flow, good night. :-)
oh i found it on da bus even though i looked for it on the bus 5 times
I'm watching TV now : )
Saints home game in New Orleans Sunday Sep 9th. Possible RG I NFL debut.
I'm in Milwaukee tonight. is in Milwaukee tonight. WHAT?!
omg are you fuckibg serious?! I mean I know you are but that is fucking mind boggling! How do you keep from going off?
Doing some research on #1920s... The #wardrobe, #makeup and all the charm that woman can bring to the table!!! Very
I am especially cause now I can't ay the rest of districts:(
can you follow me back? :) supporting walien (:
#ghettocrayolacolors income tax money green
Uhm I think I need to go to the hospital
Why am I sometimes the only one that has to point out that pinche elephant in the room?
No power at my grandparents house the whole half of the street is out
“ 5 year engagement she's my fav French actress Every movie that guy made Is good” #NewEmilyBluntMovie not French but prob cheesy
Brb getting a gap for Gaby
Incomplete link?
Love the pic of the family, ! Here's a great one of Liam and at
RT : CBS should be embarrassed for celebrating Chris Brown the way they have tonight.
I got sleeping problems
NICE! I knew you'd get it man! ^_^ I'm very excited for the next IC3RAZR update! ^_^
Lil' Wayne taught us, if you're ever drownin in the pussy, just swim to the butt! That's great, I kept drownin in the pussy and getting lost
naw I just changed the name
your #tweer is a good antidote to working on your 4 presentations 4 #MCN2011!
H is busy studying for the bar exam. So busy. How are you?
I wish people would talk about there personal problems off of twitter.
I didn't dislike it. I'll definitely go see it no matter what. But the trailer itself was "meh."
Happy December 1 everybody! Won't be long now til Christmas. Woohoo!
Hi simon! It's out now! April 4 was the release date.
What should I be for holloween??(:
Waking up from dreamig maxwell. ...oh my........he is the best....dc loves u....maxwell rocked a sold out verizon center dc....
Help reach 135K followers so he wins the bet againest Rob!! RETWEET!
Sounds like a good movie AMAZING- not to miss!
By the way, did I mention I tripped over Archbishop Desmond Tutu? There was a short man in the way then all of the sudden security pounced!
I am reading A Girl and Her Pig by April Bloomfield. This cookbook features some very exciting recipes. I will try one this weekend.
RT Gv LBJ props 4 working on his mid-range gm after the DAL debacle (Um I'd think he'd put in some wk 4 once after that)
LOL you're crazy!
#schoolmemories Too many to even say omfg
That's turning things around!
That Sounded Like A WAR gunfight!!!!!! #MYHOOD ... Where u at?
Yes. He is all about grassroot campaigning!
AGE DOES NOT MATTER WHEN IT COMES TO PEOPLE BEING ASSHOLES!
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
Yes, sir! I'll have another!
traffic south on 90/94 is black. take cicero to elston to get to avoid it
yo the little ediot side score 1 goal and defend the whole game...but mi nah worry nxt week them dead..
Bitch mind yours NOISEY ASS PEOPLE
“: I wish tweeting could burn calories.” Figure that out and you'd be a millionaire
Gas should be free like air. Everybody needs it to survive in some manner.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West out of place everywhere at home nowhere.
I hate boring texters.
which one is the place in benson ?
Is it..? Its only 5 thingies wide though :)x
i dont know i just made this twitter. Woof..
Staats was baptized in 1620 in Amsterdam.
Randy Breuer from the University of Minnesota.
Thing is, it happens all over. Keep your eyes open. Talk to people. That's how we found it.
The give and go from Bradley to Pierce was awesome.
meeting with today!
that is a great question
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own. ~ J. P. Sears
thank you so much!! You are so kind!! xoxo
I just RSVP'd for the event on October 21, 2010. Wanna come? Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
Ok. I am up to the challenge. I will knock out my miles before 6am, uphill (half of the way). My neighborhood is not flat.
hey! When you saw The Avengers, you didn't notice Mandy, did you? She played a flapper in a red dress in some street scenes.
If Katniss and Peeta had done more than kiss in the woods, they would've received more packages. Just a thought.
It's been nice knowing you guys. See you in April. I'm not leaving the house until then.
Did you see that? Yep, #hmd10. Use it for all of your Home Movie Day 2010-related tweetery.
done followed
same in omaha NE:)
I think i am the most unhealthiest Vegetarian ever.... oh well.. (:
Except my high school didn't have a bus, it was a dry county, and there were only white kids. (what? Like you're surprised.)
it's all good in the hood :)
I wish I had more UK friends so they could gift me shit that's on their iTunes but not in the US iTunes store. Grr.
ah yes. I believe you told me that. So, how's training coming?
- To The World , Your Just Onee Person , but Too Mee , Your the WORLD ! ((; <3
T Minus 12.5 hours until #Easter services kick off at #SPC! Re-Tweet this if you'll be at our #Raleigh or #Apex campus tomorrow!
Tonight we are young.<3
RT : RT : said "Wow ur website is so beautiful" I said, it's all thanks to
Last night's songwriter night at Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe reminded me what a great town I live in!
A good team enables, a bad team disables" john Meada
Concentrate on you...relax and make moves!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
baseball project building with Olivee <3
Very interesting topic, we love
#Packers went USC again for a pass rusher in Nick Perry. He'll be jump-started to get sacks opposite fellow Trojan Clay Matthews
Actually a little chilly this morning! Just a teaser, but now I know that fall isn't that far away, hooray!
yes, goat cheese is lovely with roasted beets, too!
My grandfather was a gravedigger
S/O to to being a stranger anymore.
RT : Hey ! will be reairing wrestlemania this Saturday on NBC
Give us a call at 1-855-868-7282 and we can let you know our availability!
needs to hire me as his manager if what I just did works. Keep an eye on your music video view counter in the next few days homie.
This is bullshit. Your being a cunt because im mad? Lol bet i can play this game better than you.
hello what's poppin??
Bout to be fag week comin up at Snider High
Hopefully we'll open one near you soon! Have a great weekend!
You learn how to make those pieces aid & amplify one another w/the limited abilities they have.
lmao they kept trinna sell that shit to my mom
Goodnight you beautiful free thinking fuckers! :)
Happy Birthday to the beautiful, intellectual and sweet !
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta & Dustin! Maybe we'll get a W tomorrow! Have a great weekend!!
I guess I am pulling for the Colts, but I won't be upset if the Jets win.
this new DMX song is kinda hott!!
Where at? Or are you sure it was me? Was I with ?
you're in AZ?
I want this day to be over with. The weather is suckish :/
when the cats away ;; the mouse will play ;)
Women volunteers welcome as Peers & Mentors - upcoming PHL community service with women's recovery center. See 5/19 event on our network
Thanks to our recent followers: and !
haha tell him he is welcome :)
Charlie sheen in det FAIL haha
Good to see Kyrie in the lineup again!
#NFAIS Lee Rainie from Pew up now.
A little irony here? #FacebookIPO billions, #GlobalAg symposium Food Security Solution take the Facebook billions & put it into Global Ag
Scones but only if they're served w/clotted cream! yum! RT : Hey, foodies- muffins or scones??
Even more DOWNTOWN DINING! #FF Who R we missing?
and now I'm excited too.
HOPINN TAMMY TAKE ALL DAY TO DO HA TEST. AINT TRYNA GO IN SCIENCE...LOW KEY DOE!
This girl is one of a kind and shud b treated tht way!!
way to be killing it already!
thanks for the follow. Have a great week
Great tunes on Sirius XM U right now... DVR'ing the Cribs "Come On Be a No-one" Killer f'ing song, now on repeat in my mind's ears! ")
Did someone say SOUP?
plays today! They play at 3:05pm on Main Stage 1!
Thanks. There are some great resources on Charlottesville history I'd like to use for to encourage more research
#NickMaraTo90K that would be pretty awesome don't ya think?
It's not about #winning, but feeling #ADDYinspired and shouting #SayAmenADDY for all to hear. Ok, #winning is also good.
#ThingsOnMyMind people are jerks.
- thanks for the #FF, man!
RT : Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
Thanks! The space needle's top is now painted orange in honor of its original color (50th Anniversary)
Awful. The weather blows a donkeys ass.
What!! What!!! Unbelievable play by Graham!!! This game is ridiculous!!
10 Things I Hate About You....well thats not a very nice trend now is it???
wer are u baby? :)
ode to acupuncturists // they quietly battle illness / with wisdom ancient intricate subdued / they will the Qi / and it follows
Mine's pretty good w no butt RT : "My life is very sad because I have no butt."
i got everyone in house up man do you know what its like to be up this early with a 3yr old he told me to wake him up to c u
so it's you that #Google should be celebrating for showing that G+ may actually have some brand value?
My brother said he gotta twitter ! 😱😱
Calia called to stand and sworn in.
will $12.45 cover it? That's all I've got.
Tomorrow is my last day of high school
did they get it on?
night babe ;D
#work mode
1 person should go follow my friend he's hilarious!
I'm starting to learn some programming myself right now. Could you use a second set of eyes to help figure it out?
M&A Tip of the Day-When having a valuation done, pay up front, this way the value is not subject to the amount of money you paid for it...
i"m need you to retype that
Self doubt comes from a lack of trust.
Enter for your chance to win great prizes every week by liking us on Facebook and entering our Weekly Giveaway!
I prayed about it and it's still heavy on my heart. Time to take further action.
who saw prwtty little liars season finale ant wait for season 3
arrested development is genius.
"But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead.
Magazines.com CIO Jeff Fields to discuss strategic role of technology in business
. tickets purchased. can. not. wait.
Never too late!
speak for yourself.
thank you.
All birdies in the yard are pets, lol! They think they are wild, tho. Clown fish are pretty. You picked a nice avatar :)
You were watching the wrong bassoonists, then
wooohooo time to go and start following people!! whoever has followed me tell your friends to follow me to thanks! luv u all
I reblogged it! Haha omg I wonder who? :o maybe matt he's irrelevant. and she has to pick both and be w them forever and ever
I Don't Tell These Hoes Nothing, Not Even The Weather Outside.
YOU PASSED!! A plus!!
wondering if we zoomed past Jan already!
About to get it in at My Studio with & !
We can't wait to see you!
Boy band lyrics are the best.
dude im loving it
Goin down to to play some sweet tunes today. Come on out @ 5:30 for a great day show!
You are very welcome - enjoy!
In the Olympic SuperStore
disproportionate to the amount of time devoted to specific artistic endeavors or interventions into museum galleries/operas.
Not sure about going to the salon for a #spraytan? We do mobile visits! We’ll bring that golden glow to you! ;)
We owe the banks? Seriously?
needs something to do tomorrow. dont want to be bored all day!
Just another goofy day :)
u welcome
i find it comforting that their algorithm sucks. it thinks im male 35-44. and i look at pregnancy/mom sites regularly now.
haha nah you claimed Kerr already !
Bitch who's shoes u got on yo brothers #DuckFeet havin ass bitch
nice, I need more patients. Gotta get on Weed Maps
I keep catching myself grinding my teeth. What's that supposed to mean?
"Sandstorm" just came on at the pool. Sadly, no one burst into dance.
that's right. & in creating free breakfast prgrm BPP gave us a model of self-determined social justice...
We are playing some shows in California coming up in early March with some really rad bands. Who's coming out to kick it?!?
Q3) class I was in today used "understanding pipe" as metaphor for agenda. Tied all the collaborative activities together.
I hear you singing, but are you really saying something? Nothing is more powerful than lyrics that say something.
#IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron , then Michael Jordan was the poster child for cornrows.
Billy Crystal tweeted: “Am doing the Oscars so the young woman in the pharmacy will stop asking my name when I pick up my prescriptions."
Thanks for the mention and I am following you now
See everyone next week!
Woo hoo! Got my Gwendolyn Brooks poetry stamps! Mailing myself a card today :-)
I know. That seems to be the consensus. I am on with a bunch of others and we are trying to keep each other awake.
tickets on sale now! secure your spot today!
I am excited to process my taxes this year. You taught us a lot!! Thanks- I am excited to show my mom all of the features-
TGIF! Grab a gelato w/ me right now at and claim the FINAL Golden Ticket! Codeword: Mixed Berry
RT : Another Lesson from Rudolph: labels, limitations & name-calling doesn't have to define your purpose & future!
“: #STFU about the fight... #fuck” seriously!
They say the best pleasure, it comes with pain. <3
RT : RT : brand erosion works 3 ways: employer, employee, CUSTOMER
I feel like at the end of this, we'll all just be dubious.
Getting ready to set off to Ithaca NY for 2 weeks to work on a short film " Crosses"
That awkward moment when everyone's really tan...
Jordan Farmer? RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
Light travels faster than sound. This is reason some people appear bright until they speak.
THAT FACE. NO. LMAO
Ha! stayed up late on the east coast waiting for the Broncos draft pick and now they've traded completely out of the first round!
you know what ;)
Will u unblock me?
Thank you ! You work a beautiful sautée station! cc
great driving into you today!! Let's chat soon... I have a photo shoot coming up next thurs the 12th. For my line
Love me or hate me either way you thinking about
Awesome jockey intros; just like the Sunday Night Football player intros
RT Do u have a sibling that u love to annoy?
i know you feel this way, but do i feel the same?
love you
~ Ladies , the only thing you should blow it's his mind !
Off to Cali!
Talking about shit
If I found moths sexy, then maybe.
There are 9 players between UNC and Kentucky supposed to go first round this year
that looks so perfect. it is now all I can think of and must make soon (it has been a few months).
I know this is a huge question, but I need to teach my 9th graders how to research and have no idea where to start! Help #sschat?
Ah I know!
yeah well Syracuse got about 4 charges called blocks on Wisconsin Thursday so it all evens out
Have you ever received a lighting fixture as a gift? What was it and where did you put it?
- absolutely love the Herzog remake. Thoughts?
“: I will never understand why some girls try to be ghetto” I don't know why anyone would want to be ghetto.
getting in to work early is glorious
Wish I was there! --> “: S/O had me at my first #UFC fight last night..2 turnt up”
READING MY MIND
Lol congrats btw :) : jeez where does one find an organizer for an insane amount of jewelry...my disaster drawer is not cutt ...
Finally lit the furnace today after some days of rain and 40-degree temps. The low in the house: 54F. I don't think would've liked!
cute blog!!!!
Thanks! Always great when you include my articles.
Classic symbolism of what's to come: The lights flickering. Lol.
The Shirt Off is next. My money is on Charles.
my boyfriend knows how to make me feel better <3
Depends on what you can get. He really ain't all that...good power bat but has some glaring holes in swing.
Will you follow me so I can send you a private msg?
Shane Dawson is Beautiful <3
Follow her. She follows back
Ready to start another day of fundraising for the Humane Society, fingers crossed!
Ask Sen. Taylor why she voted yes for WI Concealed Carry law. Thanks!
Love me some
I sing fast I know all my shit's cool. I will blast and I didn't go to brit school. Xx
Have u messed up & offended a friend? Swallow your pride & apologize & make things right...The best way 2 get the last word is 2 apologize
feels like you've been there way longer then 3 years! Wow!
Anyone following NHL hockey? As per usual, I'm addicted to my hockey!
help me out here!! Do you know? ;)
Someone should really text me
I'll have to hear about what you caught today. Bummed about leaving early.
has come to the conclusion she likes being "un-perfect"
wait so uh we didn't even find out who the real A is? ugh.
RT #Sagittarius know how to break rules to get attention. But they're also creative and can inspire others.
O Even Worse.!!
haha oh yeeah! Then I was in your class :) that's pretty cool ha.
Haha me too!
strategies to fail. But we don't see that. Quite the opposite. What's going on?
Mr.Dehn is telling us his dreams. LOL
Hi , was wondering if you'd like to chat about the situation in Egypt with Washington Post readers. DM me for more info.
um well haven't you got stuff in the mail? you mainly need to refill out the application
“ Happy Mothers Day amazing mamas. Love to you all””
It's less stylish and Ghanian American RT : just isn't the same with the table unoccupied
BOOM PANDA
Make sure you follow and search the internet for his work he is a class act you will love him just like i do . Thanks
Wishes he has a doorman so he doesn't have to rush to pick up a package at the post Office
Driving through Miami in a downpour, just watched a Miami Dade policeman cross three lanes of traffic with no turn signal. How is that safe?
we need to buy our mud party tix .. RT “: At the airport makin moves to Columbus. Can't wait to get back to ohio”
That seems somewhat racist, but every bit true.
yeah, we havent played OH in about a year. what part are you in?
is awesome
a little is more than none, I always end up with a sore butt :|
I'm late for everything. Fuck
as do I - be true to yourself - if others are offended, it's their problem, not yours! ;)
#nccetl Are we ensuring students are effective users & producers of ideas & information? Smackdown to follow!!
Charlie did NOT make any alleged "anti-semetic" remarks. Why is that card always played? Fire Tim-Warner Inc.'s Board of Directors and CEO
follow me so i can dm you! Thnx for the response!
bravo johnny nan fredu a...lol who's gone mad now?lool
I wish that everyone with a name that starts with k would die.. I also wish that a few ppl with a name starting with c would die
There are seven billion people out there. Don't let one ruin your day.
After ripping Jeff Suppan across a variety of mediums yesterday, he Blanked the #Brewers in 5 innings. Im eating my Words and accept blame
i dont me getting my dm. lets talk thru here, how you know though ?
another solid night JJ keep going hard
I had no idea, thanks for the tip
wow! If I ever come across that ill be sure to share
oh Jen! It's a good movie obviously not exactly like the book. But it's good!(:
I just used the word "SICK," meaning "awesome," unironically for the first time in my life. Because seriously, what I'm looking at is SICK.
Thanks to all of our new followers!
OK, I totally get the reason people have separate twitter accounts for professional and personal stuff. Sorry, non-librarian friends!
Buy wonderful fashion gloves from LaCrasia Gloves proudly made in NYC - USA
You needed Shazam or is this a test? Lol RT : I just used #Shazam to discover Suspicious Minds by Elvis Presley.
In Hampton Roads, VA coaching all weekend with a booked schedule. Visit FB page for updated schedule. We may be coaching in a city near you!
What is this shit
For her new album?
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. - Napoleon Hill
if we can get away with it I'm in. I'm not cut out for jail. "Where's the vaN?! The van was supposed to be here"
Minister Pandor: "negative impact of social value on individuals increases challenge in fostering participatory citizenship."
Oh who knows, I was flip-flopping back and forth once a day (Mike, twice) -- but I am thrilled with my decision!
I'm fuckin with that bars song big folks
I was planning to go to sleep early. But I'm wide awake. & listening to music.
headed to bourbon st
We really enjoyed the Empowered Woman Success Summit! We were so inspired afterwards! Thanks for bringing such a great event to
is poppin' for a Tuesday night. Families, tourists, & locals alike. across the street looks forlorn by comparison.
I'm holding an open house on Tuesday April 5th / 11am - 2pm: Oxy Lofts 4547 N. Eagle Rock Blvd (between Corliss and Avenue 45) A Must See!
Took a nap now I feel like poop! :/ counter productive don't ya think??
What is on your Christmas list?
James just said my eyes look like brownies. True sign of a fat ass!!!
official meeting of the long valley track club elite squad
fat kid stoner treats are the best treats
"make your legs shake I'll make ya go crazy" damn
Wow. If and did a duet, that would be pretty intense. They are the two best singers I know of. Amazing.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
. You dropped a few bowls, but made up for it with a big finish. Nice job!
Then no football tomorrow
90210, the show's international once a century day 9/02/10
Anyone else try to set there dvrs to record#PaulyDProject and it doesn't go that far in advance
I'm only one voice in a million but you ain't taking that from me
An inspiring quote that was posted at my yoga studio: "Enough words have been exchanged; Now at last let me see some deeds!" -Goethe
"From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own."
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
Strangely enough, I only know a few facts about him. Hmm. Guess I better read something!
It was the curse on the diamond that sunk the Titanic you know :-)
We're going to double overtime... Midnight Mayhem! Grab some coffee!
you girls are nuts! Deff need to see you girls kill it at a show soon.
Why downgrade to the White House?
- yeah...I did't DESERVE it but at that point in my life, I wasn't exactly non-confrontational. I would never seek to hurt sum1
“: Man when I was younger I thought I was doing big thangs driving the lawn mower around lol”
RT: "Michael Jackson had magic feet" - sister Lolo.
Remembering the King of Rock-n-Roll today!
lol RT “: How many hobos do you think Mitt Romney's sons have mutilated? More than 20 right?”
I only want the tickets if they come with 2 TD's from you, too.
I should go to bed... nah..
oh Oscar I'm gunna get u some for your birthday
Huge fight between me and over some STUPID boy!
RT : if you only end a question with multiple question marks when you are in a state of distress, thank you. || what do you mean???
My street's block party tonight. Met a woman 68 years in same house (she's 89) & a 25yr-old Ukranian emigree here just a fortnight.
“If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much.” Tom Krause
Honored to meet at 4 her funny (of course :), moving TICKLED PINK:how she became the rockstar she is. Loved it.
thanks for the invite to vanessa's ):
Talked to my daddy for a good bit!! Going to spend a day with him before graduation!!! :)) <3
Props to the tightrope guy
Niggas fake, Hoes fake, Stay strapped for YO sake.
These candidate intros make the debate seem more like a beauty pageant
Why are the kappas so fine!!!
The smaller an organization, the less it can afford for its people to be role-based without overlap in responsibility.
have any other pics you want to showcase on our site... We are in testing phase now..:)
Are you a fairly new company and strapped for cash? Consider factoring your accounts receivable!
Most of the time, we see ourselves as rocks, but God sees the diamond in us; that spark.
at the #Cubs game with my coworkers :)
I'm Not Spoiled. I'm Blessed , && I'm Thankful For What I've Got. ❤💙💜
the verve made me a little emotional on the car ride in this morning. im ready for the weekend. for sure.
It's frustrating when you build up emotions related to a time of year. I hate that.
Yeeaaaaaaah! RT: Let's go O's Hon!!!
awe, thanks so much
I hacked your computer mwuahahaa
right on lol but chilling brow you?
cannot get enough !!!!
I wish followed me c:
if you got it you got it. I hate to say it but I had that person wrapped around my ringer. Feeding me and everything.
Haha, I'l spare the Poly-City trash talk.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it
No problem! We're still doing everything we can to push that order along for you. :_)
To all who say One Direction is 5 Justin Biebers, please shutup! There all different! Your just jealous that your not any 1D or Jb! :)
Yep. And they both hate English kings.
Besek: should LAMs get a better deal than for profit orgs? Or does this give LAMs "significant competitive advantage"
Tragic! RT : I won't get to see Naked Eric in season 4. Not cool.
Californication makes us miss LA!! Sigh!
Great idea! On it...
Thanks 4 the follow! I'm from NoCal, too! Live in Austin now. Miss the Sequoias, Muir Woods and Mill Valley!
The network operates by sending email LatinoAmericanos
5 Ways to Survive the Worst Days
We're leaving in a few min. See u there
No I don't hate my brain now I hate my body I thought I deserved boobs AND shoulders but apparently neither NOOORE!!!!!!!
Symphonie is so pretty..I may not understand the german but it's a new favorite song for sure :)
the new batman movie looks awesome
we have trench power now on both sides. Only good things come from this type of luxary
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 89
Hell thy name is Wegman's
lol so random... or maybe you read my diary?
Gingrich calls Obama the most radical leftist president in history. He also calls himself a historian. Hahahahaha.
The Smoking Room is sold as an ebook too. Thanks for reading my tweets!
not to be rude but who is this lol
Day 1 recap: more refresher trng info needed for new(er) instructors, CPI website still an untapped resource for some.
Thanks for retweeting our article via ! Glad you liked it. How does your co. use unified comm?
TUMBLR IS FOR TUMBLR!!!!!STOP SHARING ON TWITTER
Eric Schwartz credits Fay Kanin, NFPB chair, for originating the term "orphan works" in 1994
ooh lucky bag.. !
My new religion is Daoism.
Vicodin yum yum yum!!!!
If love makes people crazy than I must be insane.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough - Gustave Flaubert.
Tonight's Episode of #BGC8 was Really Good !!!! why didn't they have the new girl on Sooner -_-
Any booktalk suggestions for World Cup 2010?
stranger I miss u buster
Yes they are very active and want peace too!
should sell coffee!
At the natty boh keg tapping at brewers art
Put down deposit on amazing apartment, & about to see my girl kill it in #StickFly only seats away from Chris Rock.
Splurged on dinner. Terrible service, so-so food. Doesn't happen often in this town. Too bad it had to tonight. G'night.
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore-D Carnegie
what games did you get? And was #starwars kinect as cool as it sounds?
haha I got mans hands ;P
I'm not a player I just crush a lot
Heat V Thunder. Finals. Heat take it in 6 or 7. BET.
Now watching
RealEstateN8 is on vacation!!
I love Dan Bard. He kicks ass, and has adorable ears.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 352
Most women never experienced an orgasm
Also note that MyVidster case (Flava Works v. Gunter (great name!)) used the wrong preliminary injunction standard at the dist court level.
Ugh...my laptop monitor is so frustrating. I can't get it calibrated right. Anyone have any tips?
keep looking and maybe youll find me... message me
The great thing about a new day is that it's a fresh opportunity to do things differently than you have before. Take advantage.
. and both recommend tonight's show at You should listen to their advice.
The caffeind is enjoying a particularly sunny day. "The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades." ;=)
I love you more than a fat kid loves cake ❤😍😘
follow me back hoe!
Looks like Moshin Charania finally binked a big (live) one for the Chicago boys! WTG MOSH!!
HUGE EPIPHANY TODAY! WHAT IF I TAUGHT ENGLISH THE WAY I TEACH DRAMA? BLOG UPDATE COMING
Thanks so much for helping out!
Is that what's going on? I rode by on my bike & saw it was deadlocked. Just hug the lake... then hug your fella - in that order!
So I kinda miss you and your one word/sometimes two answers ;) Thought you should know.
Vitamin D: nutrients from the sky.
isn't linkedin already sort of like that?
Braun for a third time!
you can do that? ...really?
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
Off to Burning Man.....see you on the other side!! No tweeting out there.
aww.. Thank you for the shout out. <3
if by evidence, u mean u expected rays to have best record going in to May but knew we had no chance come May 6, then ur prescient
'The most massive characters are seared with scars'.
Good morning / Not for everyone / OK for myself / So say so / God morning for myself / How selfish! / But you yourself said ... [fade]
as far as I know It's normal
Go in a lil corner n cry u bitch
Just dropped my car off to get fixed
Welcome to the Twitterverse
Congratulations Nick Desaulniers! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
#SignsYouLostAFight the other person didn't even notice you were having an argument
Throwing up constantly <
Gatekeeper Healing - Gatekeeper Healing is a Reiki Practice located in Denver, Colorado; founded in 2000 by Rheana Jackson. Reiki...
crackin this week in NYC? I'm in there like swim wear
It's a thin line between French Toast and hate
“: Just landed on the Isle of Lewis in Scotland" Have fun T!
I can't wait until Saturday, hopefully my man comes with us.
Great move, Bruce Weber to K-State!
Hey #aamemp we are at brit's pub
BUT ACTUALLY I FELL IN LOVE WITH A FIGMENT OF MY IMAGINATION HELP
There is only one perfect child in the world and every mother has it.
No way! What seems to be the problem with it? Maybe I can help. We love our Apple Products here. :)
No let's try this airport thing again
OKAY YOU KNOW HOW YOU SAY BLOODY MARY IN THE MIRORR RIGHT BUT IN A DARK ROOM
do you accept news tips via twitter?
I know what you mean. I look ridiculous in stripes. RT : Spots > Stripes
You look good even when you're ordering food.
I just smile and be modest.
#BackInElementarySchool touching a girl butt was like you entering ManHood
Make your #Saturday special & come have a #cocktail & enjoy the views from the
Greenpeace protesters plead guilty in protest at Skyland plant - Asheville Citizen-Times
Yes, tons! haha Going very slow thanks to #facebook #pinterest #blog #twitter and 3 lively kids!
Good luck!
That's how I used to feel about the #Orioles. Now they can't lose. Except tonight. Tonight doesn't count.
RT Getting ready 4 press conf. Though UN letter was to Johnson, he is one of our best supporters. Takes majority.
jerky? I'm game
#GreatMoveThatWillNeverHappen Obama drops Biden for Hillary in reelection bid. Insert one of many great reasons here ______
can't find the mommie podcast!!!!!!! Ex #DEATHSQUAD ER ..... Need help!!!!!
1 of most interesting quotes about tonight was from former reporter Gerry LaFollette, who covered Lugar in the 60s.
Anyone know what the snow situation is between Ithaca & Baltimore? Driving down tomorrow in the Metadatamobile! BTW, no snow here!
Good luck happens when preparedness meets opportunity.
3. Shutting the doors and vents of unused rooms can also lighten the load of your air conditioning unit.
Right at 800 people for our Somebody luncheon yesterday. Coach Manny Diaz was fun & inspiring and our kids performances rocked! Thx to all!
Done writing the film! Woohoo! Casting is almost complete. Should start filming in July.
Thank You Kind Sir
YES 5EVER ITS LONGER THAN 4EVER
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about a woman is your last name, your address & your view on men
33 world, the origins of signs and cars » Cristal - Social Network
shut up dumb ass.,
Neurons+in+Bird+Brains+Encode+Earth%27s+Magnetic+Field%2C+Giving+Pigeons+Reliable+Internal+GPS
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH
Yes the people want to know. Webinar oversubscribed for update on NYState Health Insurance Exchange. h/t
322: I'm grateful for slow, steady progress on a big, unpleasant job.
Thx for a GREAT season
i have not as of yet
“: There are over 500 different types of bananas.” beware.
I'm here now! Moved from San Francisco to get into the career I want. Are you from LA?
Taco truck at 7th & Maryland: Best food in DC.
Finally got a new phone! Whaddup twitter?
my friends just dont like mb period.. and thats not true! im 15 & i know plenty other 14/15 even 16 year olds going!
it's time for fresh air and cocktails. Smiles and sweet dreams for you tonight! Xoxo
Hey there, this vid was posted by mistake; the launch of the campaign isn't until Friday. Would you mind terribly taking down?
People just need to be quiet sometimes
im Devynne Janay Garza, sorry i dont suck dick. go somewhere with all that !
I need friends seriously I'm so bored with hanging out with all the boys...
yeah I'm switching
I love both of you too <3
#nfb #teamarmy get at me cutie
I wonder this frequently. Very few kids I know with the script seem to truly need it. In my opinion.
Folding laundry is the worst! haha
no did she tell u to
You are a "quick thinker"
RT We'll know for sure when Gemologist blows past him on Sunday! :-) Love our South FL horses!
I rly wanna grow my hair out but the summers get harsh
make sure u got clothes on before u go to the kitchen... Or close your shades if u no want attention
What I don't like about SNF, had to travel. I like one building. And RUGS
"Friendship is like a violin; the music may stop now and then, but the strings will last forever."
Happy birthday! :)
To add insult to injury, West Virginia deferred so they will get the ball at the beginning of the second half.
Strangers can turn into bestfriends, and bestfriends can turn into strangers...
ice water. aloe if you have it, or neosporin. not butter, no matter what an old world grandma tells you.
Senate Approps underway. 's commutation notification bill is up 2day. Approval in Approps sends AB 648 to a Senate floor vote.
Mentally exhausted
one month to go
Your Jedi mind tricks won't work on me!
btw I was able to grab today's image this evening from my phone.
Listening to stories, nothing is funnier
You know what's fun?Eating half a container of strawberry ice cream.=)
Well, the wardrobe is consistent anyway. :D
A #serious relationship would be nice.
can't believe its still light out
Going through the pictures from Sip + Swap this weekend, so many great ones. I'll be doing a recap post this week to share them all!
I hate when my phone accidentally calls someone...
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡15
Metro's own Morris Hintzman - CEO, honored as the Community Hero w/Lightning's Jeff Vinik and Teddy Purcell. Nice work all...
Follow Va's hottest movement
If you ignore me, fuck you.
Twitter Whats poppin, hope things are going good on your end, #each1Teach1 #BigUps2TheYouth!
I don't know WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL?!
Lol cause I don't got your #
This is a night when I want to paint the world blue...
Great, things are back to normal now...major relief!
Nada mucho man. Just working away on an EARLY monday morning...
Used for first time. Fantastic car. $3 more to the airport than a cab and driver knew great Japanese fast-food spot to pee!
for us by us FUBU im about to be laced head to toe
I'll see what I can do. Send your resume over.
Almost time to go home....Thank goodness! Oh and tomorrow is Friday!
“: ": I believe I can fly... #Wowzers that brought back some memeries"- talkin bout the #Spurs right. Lol” hahaha
and I created some havoc last night
You know there opening day! Could be good place 2 start book club meetings...or just gettin through the work week!
so he's on board in a election year, huh?
Great pre-production meeting The Wailing!! Today in NYC
Glad to hear that is ok in Norway!
monday morning blues!
We love your logo, looks great! :-)
suree follow, follow back:)
If my birthday was on Mothers Day. I'd want everyone to give more attention to my mom. Cause she's to legit to quit, yo.
2- this is gonna be long so prepare yourself. Here we go, the day we first talked I remember I would always smile cuz I thought you were (c)
Y'all have hit over 4,000 votes. (:
#thatawkwardmoment when the first girl shows up to a party full of dudes
Dedication: CHARLOTTE HEARN, Love for ever.
Thanks for your help today with the Steve & Mason Kelley interview! You Rock!
E-Man blog thou lmao!!! So true
FREE YG DR32AMS !!! it's been a minute since i got a letter frm my big cuhz !!! love you bro nd c you SOON
remember when sox fans hated a team who spent lots of $$ and bragged about rings? Get out of bmore you hypocrite bandwagoner
Ima take a Shot of Henny just cause its cold !
Due to popular demand and "lazy members" this game can be played completely from home
Losing my id in the last week of school >>>>>>>>>
lol it's okay pooh , but I'm leaving on the 5th , touching down the 6th
me too mane! Now I'm in a position to do so much more. Heard the KEED mixtape #welldone holla at me RO!
"I ordered a dirty chai and I didn't get my shot of espresso. Thanks for the steamed milk, biddy." -Girl in Social Theory class
when did you become my mother?
Loviiiinnnn' my hair today, thanks to (:
I commented that page is similar to GLAADs, but note that page needs fleshing out--History? something?
Make friends with that Bill Gates kid.
Oh, there you are. Good morning, Twitter.
oh shhhh!!! I already practiced that shittt haha BEAT YOU
Thanks for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
Driving Through the Streets Of SOUTH CENTRAL LA <3
I know my step brother owns a crossfit gym in anchorage haha
You said the same thing to me 10 years ago!
I'm trying to understand this cray cray shit..... Lol.. Miss ya
On my way to class. Traffic. Obviously, not many people are off today. Are there any holidays that we still hold sacred in this country?
as a HS teacher who feels the same way, I think about preparing them for a longer scope, life.
SUCH a beautiful DAY!
Welcome to all new followers! We look forward to connecting with you.
Shaka Smart! Joey Rodriguez! #RAMS #VCU,
Oh! Love me some Mr. Thornton. Makes my heart flutter.
Our cold wet spring is officially behind us! Glad you're enjoying the PNW.
we're going to get them tonight!
From the looks of it, maybe Phil Mickelson should be the next Head and Shoulders
S/o to J Roc -- bday party was live #Top Shelf Tuesdays at Justins -- new spot!! Major G.A.U.G.E. said that !
Sherry Darling! Valster
like always ..
Random texts make my day. 
Everyone follow our newest sports writer !
2000. I just went ABD at UT-Arlington, so I hope it'll be another 2-3 and then I'll be done.
mix it with lemon juice, green tea
About to hit up the #poker tables at before work. Let's see what happens!
I like mexican martinis :) hint hint...
People Sending Me Tweets & DM's Saying ''HappyMothersDay'' That's So Sweet :') Thank You <333
all our quotes are running through my head!! "muffin" "you walk up that hill"(after derby day) ASDA SCONES!!!!!LOVE YOU!
The #Packers are putting on a great show for me. I'm so glad I am seeing this in person!
RT : See you girls in 8 days!!< its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy!
thanks! Back at ya!
Waiting for bisbee to show up, I want go to bed honestly
The breakfast burritos at the taqueria are delicious too.
shush, lol.. i barely know how to use it.
so did u do the minecraft giveaway yet
Thought Defiance was ok to good, the mini-doc extra was underwhelming considering the great topic. Was looking forward to it.
you need a nap after those grits
Call me
#Texas hasn't been this embarrassed since
will you ever follow us?!
If anyone has a good source of Nat X info send it over. An important story in Black American history you won't find in your school textbook.
It's still January and I'm already sick.
Easiest trip to the dmv eeeeeevvverrrrr
S/O My New Follower BlackShadeMafia
have fun in Vegas... Safe trip.
Is there anything substantive about sophistication, or is it entirely performative, pretense, affectation, stance?
: :Yes, I will be there!
We are the children of our landscape; it dictates behavior and even thought in the measure to which we are responsive to it...
My friend dared me to use a highlighter all Day. Aha.
what section? Kiss cam couple.
wishing you were here to dance with me!
We got a show at Marilyn's on K with Sarx and The ILLusionists on 10/04/11. Hope to see you out there
Actually not bad...He is doing TV this coming season!
“: Willie Nelson doing Coldplay on Chipotle commercial > Coldplay.” co-sign
I can't get I'm twitter without seeing philosophizers lol. And that is my philosophy statement of the day.
Knicks seem to be doing the same song & dance the Heat did a few months back. Need to have fun? It's a process. We aren't worried.
is portland looking at adding a Rip Hamilton or another wing player?
I've got to check out this "Walking Dead" show. Seems to get a ton of praise.
HEY THERE
i swear is MEAN AF! :/
Ok so I need all you people w/ season 2 discs of "Downton Abbey" to send them back to ASAP. There is a very long wait!!
The 0-tweet followers are most likely bots. I would suggest ignore. :)
Ms Jgray is top notch people...get wit her if u really wanna shine....my stamp is on her big time babe!!!!
#HeadingHome cant wait to sleep.... :/
RT : I really like what www.sevacall.com is doing!
Tim Wakefield announces his retirement today ending his 19-year career at age 45 with 200 wins
Just going to read and eat delicious snacks.
Writing about masculine ideals in the lyrics of Cindy Walker and Lyle Lovett right now. Feeling good about, too.
Was that you in 2006 in Oak Cottage at Hedgebrook? I loved discovering your journal entry there.
I have no idea, did she answer that?(:
Man, this Kid Rock record is disappointing.
I started w/a small county/district hoping that would make a difference
Thank you for at least admitting that you had no idea what Castro has done to his people. It's a wake up call for all of us.
That would be amazing! Thank you so much! <3
just wrapped an amazing and challenging week on set: an unheated house, a lot of sticky blood, projectile vomit, and loads of Mac n' Cheese!
Hope you choke on that delicious Donut your about to eat.
What's your favorite dessert for the holidays?
Happy birthday Wickett! Make it a great day... Let's toast to a bloody soon!
I like your banner and if I were in need of a banner and had the scratch, I'd hire you to make me a banner.
Gotta get some sleep....
im bout to get me a new dj
Tweet pic time! ................ Fooled u motha fuckas. I can't c me! I'm a ghost! Rachahahahahahha I can fly! And c u panties jar jar rats
Roses are red. Violets are blue. And so are your balls if you're lucky enough to be married on Valentines Day.
where was u on Halloween before pie hole??
spending the afternoon at the Performing Arts Library, one of my favorite places ever.
Today's explorers migrate to the cities that are most likely to maximize innovation and entrepreneurial talents and skill
Session with my coach. "I am committed to make you successful." ppl who have background in sports can be great leaders and coaches
I forgot i had money in my shirt :D.
(: hope u guys have fun on tour. Oh and good luck!
We're down for some maintenance, we'll be up shortly!
" #cloud may be hot in silicon valley but still a little scary in Washington DC … privacy and security issues
with no opportunities for outside...um...contributions?
RT : CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve- $99! Call 855-PROCESS today!
Speaking of, while I was disappointed that you were not in Dayton, I was even more disheartened when Cornette walked by me..
Happy birthday ☺🎉 miss you girl! Need to see ya soon :)
ppl keep calling me ugly
Always happy to hear a singer is healthy!! :-)
I gotta go see the Avengers people are goin crazy sayin it's great.
Guggenheim Baseball Management: Sit in Field, and we'll bring you #Dodgers games in 3-D.
better- ill buy you a drink.
Jury selection lasted one hour... seriously. Struck 3 jurors who a) had previous litigation and b) who had an emotional chip on shoulder.
oh congrats on the winning:) you guys deserve it you all were awesome when you played at Maceys
I don't normally do these kinds of things on Twitter but this is really important...[cont]
I Cried When I got my one direction tickets!!!!
RT---> RT ": Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret."
Bored =(.... where is everyone.?
Can't wait to hear the verdict on Embers
On Donna Summer RT we had the same tailor in SoCal. She was such a lovely, unpretentious, down-to-earth lady.
either hit back or we putting the gloves on kid!
Mike Singletary and Tom Cable are BUMS
We've learned the trees outside our office can be very flexible when they need to be.
Discovering #goldengirls is back on late night tv = a happy new year indeed.
"uh I noticed this is my presentation, not yours...sucks to suck"hahaha
He needs to grow up and be an adult. He's become a billionaire. He can handle adulthood.
I'll be your favorite hello and hardest goodbye.
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, making fun of each other, and calling each other names... I kinda fell for you.
from the Jersey Shore house in Seaside Heights. So if they left last week how was it live? Ya know what I mean?
Am I really about to face my fear and go ice skating?... *dun dun dun*
Everything about you is perfect.! Don't ever doubt that.!
Happy #FF Thanks for following!
definitely interested, please keep in touch on it
Met with the staff about some half way to Halloween goings on later this month. Never too early to start the count down !
we think it's pretty darn good!
oo idk depending on wa da weather b like by den
I smell like a taco lupe.
This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Love doesn't find you, You need to struggle through tough obstacles to try to find love at first sight <3
Couldn't hear in church over 's stomach..
bring the old armadillo for street cred but you must buy a new one to get in. Funds go to SCC scholarship :)
At the studio
There have been a serious amount of tweets within the last 24 hrs to play Yoü and I.......I guess we'll have to play it sometime soon then!!
umm what happened to that call? smh
Great play Bo
I'm probably an asshole. But I think im nice about it
I see I changed ur profile pic.
Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem
happy sweetest day
Leaving Boise now. Back to Olympia for a couple more days then to San Diego.
I'll try lol RT " you can be silly here too. ;-) lol"
That retweet was an example of trying too hard.
was that a lil over the top ... cause i was gonna go with a girl's B-ball vs special olympics comment
How are you treating your cough? I sure hope you heal quickly. I get that too often & it's NO fun!!
No way. That was RT : Won an electoral vote in Nebraska.
Can we monetize this conversation?
Belgians were interested in African culture, and were proud of the progress they brought. No idea what Africans thought
Hello on my way to Houston for a model call at Torrid in the Galleria mall.
1st training for 2 miles- this Sun 9/11. Bike path in front of @ 7am! For 411- hit up
oh that is too bad! We will catch you at the next
Who is entering our cover contest? Don't be shy!
Maybe Kean should play dead on the pitch so the angry fans will leave him alone like a wild animal.
You too, man.
I can help with that
George Romero? Martin Scorsese? Someone who gets the art of suffering.
Last week I posted Reason #8 - leaders fail to apprecitate power of fear. See my blog for a short article on this.
How is the acting scene in Los Angeles? Plenty of auditions to go around or sorely lacking?
Just got back from work, waiting on my brother to call so I can pick him up... Ready for bed!
I've been up all night, coffee right now. feeling iggghttt.
Thank you to all of those that helped out on Saturday. Daily Grill raised over $2,500 for Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation.
just know that they not getting a ring this year.
Long week of work is over. Relaxing at home with two dogs in lap. Tomorrow is poker day. I feel lucky.
that would be if I ate the bugs for a snack
So I'm starting this cleanse. And I realize how much time I spend planning/preparing/thinking about eating.
You know im here :)
of course! luv my fans.
Today's talkback is on Women in the 70s. Stick around after the matinee!
Welcome back, Mentos
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why I get motivated every day.
good luck to all ppl taking their exams gettin capstone projects n presentations and also ppl who are graduating n preparin to graduate s/o
Sounds like fun!
I will be doing my Fluffy Follows later in the day, in the meantime I am just going to admire myself. Having am Fine Fluffy Moment
I respect #NewYorksFinest like most NYers. But I admit to #schadenfreude overhearing a cop complain about getting an offduty parking ticket.
Hello and thank you to our new friends and
The clip to my mp3 player broke.. somebody get some superglue stat! We've been through so much together.. hold-on!
- hey, thanks for the RT. missed you in austin :)
Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. "Blood alone moves the hands of time."
I hoped you would smile when you watched it! Good luck at Daytona!
have once again failed to adequately plan for a trip to NYC
This woman's make-up line is making it hard for me to eat.
What it look like Cool?
just wanta go
Hi gang wishing you a great week ahead look forward to our meeting
some1 yelld 'annie' (I think they meant jonatha brooke's song) and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic.
for a soccer tourny!
home from school!!!:D
We just got some new *Trainwreck*
Did u get my tweet asking u about Finances 4 our Compton Based Hood Movie that we want 2 help PRODUCE?
Hoes will do anything for a scooby snack.
I apologize for that tweet to my beautiful black women ahaha
Jealous! What an amazing place.
19x #NBD RT Running the table at beer pong.
what's funny are the one's who are bragging about some expensive thing in one tweet and begging a celebrity in the next
"There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up." Booker T. Washington
I'm pretty sure I'm too professional for twitter now.
Up late working on a project for Listening to a selection of songs by
Can you combine it with a charcuterie?
Great news today with Wat & Zeller. But did Etherington just lose his scholarship for next year because they are coming back?
RT : I'm very happy to resign with the #Cardinals and I look forward to helping us win the NFC West and return to the Super Bowl
Acta may have pushed Masterson by sending him back out at 91 pitches.
Hi there, neighbor! Great to see you here, too!
- Set up my page today because of this quick tip guide! Thanks to both!
Good morning! House and Black&Tan brewed this morning. Also is here using us as her office for the moment!
your upcoming Miami gig:-)
Is it me that you're speaking of?
most excellent! Actually, I'm encouraged by the latest polling numbers out of Wisconsin.
Thanks to the massive unnamed video game company, for one of the most fab gigs a girl could have, that I can tell you nothing about. Yet. :)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 23
Austin Carter Mahone belongs to me and true fans <3
Portland makes working third shift in the ER worth it #dedication -J
Now that we can do anything, what should we do?
hello love wus good with you sorry so late on the reply i dont really use twitter to much
i did call to see how the party went, you didn't answer. Send pictures to Aja phone and call whenever you know I'm here
thanks for the travel wishes! We had a beautiful trip :)
Terrific water conservation piece on from
your not in the workplace all you do is see from the camera and expect us to perform like an Amy and have no fun what so ever
Pulled hamstring dancing is like dancing on stilts
The eagles have flown the coop so check out this Safari Cam live from the African Bush. www.africansafaricam.com
That's me too, and I'm only on the first page.
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!!!!!
He's number 6.
Gettin there to the champ center gyeah
Today is the furniture/display sale. 11am!! We have some great things at great prices!!
what I think max is better than zac max is funnier and more better looking than zac to me zac is hawt but max better
Poopin' in 's house is becoming a damn tradition.
Must be working hard??
thanks for the love. Peace. Music
two pages down! eight to go :( HATE finals.
Good morning Phoenix. Hope every1 has a twitterific day. Did I mention our new prices at the 15th Ave&Thomas location?Come chk us out
Gina, Don't hold back tell us how you really feel? LOL
follow for awesome quotes, a DM to and and a SHOUTOUT+FOLLOW BACK(:
harsh. I was just a few minutes late!!
I've seen like three or four girls wearing leopard print leggings today...
thankyou your so sweet!
Are you a #Spurs Fan? Join our NEW social network for Spurs Fans to earn points & cool prizes! #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com/signup
There should be a radio station that just plays music, nothing else!
": Nothing like blowing out a rim on the belt parkway in Flatbush bk and waiting 2 hours for a tow truck"ask tha brothas for help
Cody Follow me!! Please!! I'm your fan #1 I've seen all ur videos!! I wanna be just like u a porn star baby
What up KC
We just totally Rick Rolled the bar....best night evah!
I can't wait until this thursday :)
Gracious substitute on res. 11
Watch asap...a doc about our education system. When we result to lotteries for education, we are giving up.
no ones going to get KBBQ with me :(
really?! omg, thats great :) ! and what city you are coming in poland? ♥
sad face.
Sometime in june I think.
There have been over 175 alleged #Anonymous members/affiliates busted to date.
My mum wouldn't.
We need #followers. Don't be afraid to follow us!!
“: Happy valentines day gorgeous! <3” Happy Valentines Day! <3
Plenty of grown TCU folks too!!!! The Game has the WORST acting...I would rather eat laxitives than watch the game
Hilarious. :P
haha ik! It's not all my fault tho... My phones sucks and doesn't let me see what I sent.
That's awesome, and the husband is shopping at ToysRUs right this second for our gaybie's bio bro/sister.
Don't know how many I followed but um hope it was you! If not just ask :)
bull you just try to out do me don't you?
If loving you is wrong, i dont want to be right.
You'll never shake us, Look for signs like 'I Am Puerto Rico' everywhere, to remember where you came from!!
RT “ I dont need to prove myself to NONE!”
Helping my boys bake a cake for Mother's Day. Egg shells are safe to eat if cooked thoroughly, right?
FF# Funny and/or informative
I was asking you
wish we coulda stayed! but soccer game was calling, the pregame (literally) at Woodys did us alright tho, we tied 4-4 Ha
“: I'd love to talk to you about building a brand ambassador campaign to spread the word about the new show! Thanks, will email
Have a taste of a classic McDonald's original Egg McMuffin and enjoy the simple things in life!
its my birthday!!
If a girl replies 'k', you did something to piss her off.
Damn never thought I would feel this way so fast!!!
we'll try to make it out soon man!
I am hiring a “ghost” writer to tweet for me for the rest of October
I can not even begin to count the number of Asian vaginas I have had to jazz up with hoisin sauce.
Class over and now getting something to eat than more gym time !
don't leave until we hang out!!!!
why not kicked y'all ass 2 nights in a row
Without that little voice in your head you wouldnt be able to read this.
Celebrate our GRAND RE-OPENING! All treatments only $50 this week (excluding eyelash fills & Permanent makeup) 425 643-5772
Nice! RT : I see smoked salmon & pink champagne in my future
I will mention you in EVERY tweet now!
Listening to Livingston Storm by lotus while it's storming. Very magical ☺
Not gonna overdo it by pulling an all-nighter. A good night's sleep is more important for test-taking than last-minute cramming. #science!
“: Happy Mother's Day to the number one person in my life. Love you ” :)
nm music you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BFF <21
you knew that! Text me!
Well imma head to bed bcuzz is buggin me know ..... Noite :D
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
Can't #RogerClemens be punished by being forced to pitch for this year's #RedSox?
Pictures when you get home from school!!!
. Worth the trip!
Todd. Dude. Play this:
i am so glad the spurs lost ...:-)
I'm thinking the HR feature will go off this inning ...
That's just not healthy! Think before you drink. RT : Dinner? I drink all the carbs I need.
A fabulous restaurant in London? Fun to imagine. But we're an art center in Albuquerque, New Mexico :)
Akon sexy chick
Angi Strickland: Truth is... Never trust a person with just one Facebook pic!
R.I.P. Nate Dogg - your music is timeless and we thank you for continually blessing us with incredible music ... you will be missed
Ugh @ everything. But at least it's sunny out!
please release unused user names? Thx.
Really shouldn't eat right before bed, but there's no way I'm falling asleep w/a growling stomach.
thank so much , bummer it was great to see you guys tonight. My daughter loves chatting with you all.
MAYBE you will!! help us out and retweet to help us gain followers!!
I would be more worried if you DIDN'T follow back! #Chuckislikehoneybadgerhedontgiveas***
cannot achieve."
The original pokemon gameboy fire red game is most definitely the best than the new crap
I see lol
#pmasetest. I like how engineering is moving from silos to a systems approach. Very cool that GATech is addressing this trend.
Sounds like you've done a lot of work to develop your tone. Would love to pick your brain!
if you find yourself in need of any Nonsense Literature resources to point to, I've got 'em
Guys help me bestfriend get 200 followers :) please it would mean a lot <3
No, I'm pretty sure he said "Thanks Tiffany". Now, if he said "Stephanie" and I heard "Tiffany", then I gots me some issues.
This cloud in my room should numb the pain till I awake
oh and wearing cupcake pjs
We are looking to get Bella a LH Chihuahua sister! Know anyone with pups near Nashville?
I hate firedrills .
step into the world of success is where im going from this day forth,, all thats supposed to be will start being from this day ..
wife swap reruns >
Cus He Didnt Miss Any Games. Of Course His Stats Were Better
Worst commute home ever in history. d #gladtobealive !
He was bein dead": He was playin right? RT : Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye -__-"
“: I'm pretty sure Boy Meets World taught me everything I needed to know about growing up #CoryandTopangaforever”
has a truckload of pallets ready to become... chairs, swing, shelves, new raised beds, compost addition... Oh, the possibilities!
Thank you to the hardworking men and women of the NCPD for your presentation this morning on the subject of "Active Shooters"
#BreakingDawn tonight!! My fiancé is getting some major points for going with me!
lol shit I always had a thing about being right wit my suspicions lol.. looks like I still am
Baby squirrels got swag!!! So excited for our new !
I can't want for easter tommorow!!(:
haha i know 🏊
Arguing about Literature with He is winning.
why not just put out coupons on FB? silly bc what you build online is really a media property
Just had the best conversation about Law & Order. I love that my friends are also degenerates.
hey MJ, any word if Willis will pick The Big Blue?? Go Cats!!
The journey begins tomorrow--do you have your tickets? www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
I Love My Smile #TeamBeautifulSmile !
Always be an innovator!
If NyQuil had a face I'd slap it! I'm up and more sick than before I took it smh
SPECIAL GUEST THIS WEEKEND AT COCO !!!! HOLLA AT YOUR BOY !!!
dont think i'm doing it bro
You can be my it girl!
Rob Stein's full quote: "The allure of flashy technology is short-lived... Don't EVER build something that you can't re-use." Amen!
cinnamon toast CRUNCH.
So I am at Nobu pop up at Hotel St. About to intro and Robert Plant steals my mic
cool, is it gonna be similar to a parody video? Lol sry I'm out so can't go on the tinychat
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie.
time for some new ones
It's primary election day. Be sure to vote.
Listening party for my cd, Big release show at 3rd and Lindsley on April 24th. Paul Thorn tour in May. More writing..
i hope so girl!! this was a trainwreck of stupid and mean people.
Follow :D
RT : #440 Everyone wants the truth, but no one wants to be honest.
I feel ya on this, girl!
Varying the direct mail offer can boost response rates and orders enormously.
if #Jeter signs with #Orioles, Marcy tells me we can get an 81 game plan...
That's so awesome!
oh God , please don't ..my virgin mind cant take it .
In order to pull me down you first gotta get on my level lames kill me
he'll be out of ur life in a month
it seems like your throttling me. Why is my 3G so slow?
Who is going to the show on Saturday?! We are so stoked to play with all the bands! :D
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me.
#techraking Driving down to MV soon. If you need a ride, LMK
the Carousel of Tomorrow....the creepy Seaver Christmas part lol....pizza for Christmas lol
what's up??
The people I meet on twitter are so much cooler than the people I actually know lol.
Join the YA Book Club this Thursday in the Commons from 7-8, while we talk with Fitchburg PL's Brittany Gitzlaff!
Yes! Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Isn't the German word for "Nats", "Nazi"?
Congratulations Mr. Matheny!!! Welcome back to St. Louis!
Waking up from the best dream in your life
It needs to be followed up by "Thanks. I stuffed it myself."
Well. I realize that everything I'm trying to do now is a waste of time. Really wish it wasn't!
Check us out on the news tonight! Supporter leads the charge at 10 on Kong, 11 on
We love local. HoS supports the local economy by partnering with local growers (herbs/food stuffs) & artisans (home/bath products).
in the middle of the ocean rite now we go somewhere on the 2nd
"Got a text from Sidney last night... He's excited and ready to Rep the 12th!" I can't wait to see the show!! Go Hawks!
My head hurt so bad not in a good mood its all good
RT All I do all day is diet and exercise. No time for anything else!
A charge on a fast break? Really?!
Sorry for the delay but like you said...gangbusters. The last 5 days have been absolutely insane! No complaints here
happy u r enjoying it. I just whipped up my morning smoothie myself
Please follow back. Don't want to loose you!
I love ur music and am a full dedicated directioner <3 I hope to make it to a concert :)... Can you follow or Retweet this :)
Dell acquires SonicWall today! Big news!
Haha, love it. Good luck!
It's that time of week again! Our Sherman Oaks Farmers Market has just begun!
NEVER call a girl ugly, even if you're just joking.
so joking :D hope you're doing well!
Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley...
just pretend to talk on phone nobody will mess with you except the ghosts :-) lol
aw Charo, Romeo and Flossy! You DO care :))) xoxo
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
this is how rumors get started!!! 😂
Thats the kind of sexist thought I would expect from a guy who likes his Filipina cam models.
classes are canceled, that's what I meant to say. blame it on snow madness.
I was gonna say that too!!!! But didn't want to be mean.
Thank you! Would love to see that exploded plane mobile. Is it in a gallery space at UIC Arch with public hours?
A thrilling showdown of WWE: SmackDown is scheduled tonight at the Tucson Arena, AZ. Call us for some remaining tickets: 888-493-0004
My dogs look so much like wolves when they have there hackles up.
Jeans: right leg, left leg, wiggle, jump, DONE!
gonna be an interesting week
Did you know that Minelab honors a 15% Active & Veteran Military Discount thru our dealers if you show your Military ID card?
*insert sexual innuendo about prom
you're like the only nice guys cor
thank you!!! It has indeed!
Sandberg being interviewed for Cardinals manager job
Here comes triple h to start raw
from Me
Wicked Wednesday's Up Elevated Lounge. Best lunch in the downtown area! Happy hour drink specials! DJ Hump&DJ Mike T. spinning 9-close.
On my way to a very important audition. A booking will be a fantastic birthday gift for my mommy today. I'm grateful to do what I love!
Hang around crazy people long enough, and they start to make sense. Hang around idiots, and you become one.
who's excited for tonights Kings game?!?
#cil11 So far nothing terribly innovative and no data on how effective NIST's approaches have been. Wish I had gone to the data viz session
You should follow .She hangs out with all my favorite B-list actors and TV judges.
Thx for tweeting mtg, letting me know I didn't need to rush there after work.
Music video and z
Paramount Closed today, no ballroom dance classes tonite. Open Jam is Fri Feb 4!
