pure sweet
hi. im bestfriend in real life. the girl who runs the acc just texted me to tweet you saying she has --
RT : Google's Marissa Mayer notes they're hiring 6000 people this year, 5000 of them w/liberal arts or humanities degrees.
looking forward to checking it out. Ours is in progress.
i'm going to quote a phrase everyday starting today ;) let's see how it goes :)
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not leave the mess whilst convened. Protocol overrides all calls of nature.
The Thunder grab jerseys like crazy. I saw 4 players grab Lakers jerseys on D.
Learn your Nikon camera. Don't forget the manual can show you the features, but they don't show you how to use them.
FYI: The Dan Daniel Historic Park is located in Danville, Virginia.
"There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity." Ha! It's Monday! Wake up! Voodoo
wouldn't be surprised if that feeling is world round.
Have any social networks implemented a callback pattern in their API? i.e. register a URL to execute when an an action (check-in) happens.
Malamana performs on the Plaza stage in the Park at 3:30 PM. Enjoy an ice cold #Corona, while listening to guitarists Juanito & Fredi...
Man yeah. I'm showing it my 11th grade Bible classes. I saw him at the Passion 2010 conf. He's strong on suffering too.
RT : give your running partner a present. Running partner appreciation day!
#BarCampABQ is coming soon! woohoo! See you Saturday!
I love you a little bit more. Every day.
thank you!
The Dbacks are in town tomorrow...anyone going to the game?
thanks! <3 don't forget to tell some friends about us :)
Yep. It would be nice to have an outdoor eating/drinking space around Broadway.
Headed out of DC. Looking forward to some Texas salsa!
My finger deep in my nose
So true! Love this quote!
Slowly finding that my business cards hold value not for networking, no, but rather for winning free Qdoba burritos.
any chance there's a live link to the baseball game!?
after I get done with his 50 bull. were kickin it.
Apathy Error: Don't bother striking any key.
HAVE A VERY MERRY XMAS to all of my loyal followers and twitter family!
OK! Now, I have some great news! My product parts have been shipped out to me and I should be getting them tomorrow!Getting closer to launch
I can't help you wit day... lol
Hiya pals, trying to catch on on tonight's chat!
is there something wrong with your website today?
Bayern and Madrid going to PKs
Getting ready to golf with IMPI at Saddlebrook. Will be a fun day.
How do you miss that...
When I hear MosesTube, i was hoping for religious videos ... but those videos are from the depths of HELL!
Visit the Butterfly Pavilion in Denver for an fun filled educational experience.
sounds delicious!
So true! LOL
I have the best mom EVER.
I'm just going to go ahead & add myself to that list, too, yeah? MT : sure! u can be on any team I put together!
I can only imagine :( .. But wats good for u is tht u have a strong supportin cast behind u :)RT taking it one day at a t
how was lunch?
Encounter CD on repeat.
Today was suprisingly good!
aw you're sweet.
um i left at like 1130ish did you??
I'm sick of weighing my concerns over privacy with my fear of isolating myself: somebody teach us to leave FB.
lmao. at Tahquitz "damn it's still 1st period! I hate being this early! Haha
Who wants to go to tomorrow? Text me your first and last name and group size 7023754683
😊 👏 I been saying i wanted to go to the zoo for thee longest I'm finna call yu!
thanks ! I love youu:)
Tonight join me at legroom for more Halloween pleasure til 4am! If you're still alive after last night, or not.
Congratulations to Amanda C. from Twitter, winner of Le Personal Coach book from Valerie Orsoni!
MKG if he's still available. Does more things well than the other two and has a champion's work ethic.
good to be back.
haha true story!
Our website is almost complete.. Watch out for the release.. !!
i might switch to rooting for a Celtics sweep just so I don't have to watch Lou or Hawes as a sixers anymore I fucking hate them
you're following me! Yay!
It is SO tempting to unfollow people who tweet about Who.Unfollowed.Me
Tomorrow we've got 2 exciting events: Interfaith Worship Service @ 2 at The Jefferson. HeLa discussion @ 4 at The Paramount!
RT : We will be doing the Thanksgiving dinner pick up again this year! Let us do the work for you! Check our FB page 4 info!
Just made it to the terminal at MKE. Putting the "red" in red eye.
I missed on and your tweet, , was on point! Thank you ma'am! Enjoy the day!!
Yea as long as it comes correct!
“: To trust someone is way harder than to love someone. Besides, it takes longer time too. #TLS”
Have to work out 3x as hard tonight thanks to and It was worth it though
Be sure to check out our online safety courses! They range with courses from driving safety to oil safety.
I'm getting so much better at tweeting! Do me a huge favor and follow me on Twitter :) thanks errrybuddy!!
#fact its really difficult to piss me off. if I get mad at you, you know you did something wrong
Productivity Tip: Set a timer for EVERY task on your to-do list.
awesome! so glad you enjoyed it. :) have been trying to get the word out better that it's not paranormal romance, lol
Meeting went well, back to the OC.
Well I guess in gonna take it day by day. Made 3 industry connects this week. Praying that the Lord will open doors to new uncharted territo
I'm still learning twitter! I'm following you in one sec!
i cant wait to play some barebones. it will take me back to the good ole days like in COD2.
those poeple who tell you how they genuinely feel about you in a simple yearbook paragraph>>>
My fortune cookie didn't have a fortune in it. Is that bad luck? Bad enough that it's year of the dragon.
thats fine i have Another place! 😁
Keep your Composure
I've been loving D3 so much that I forgot prom was tonight O_O
would you rather get it in the morning or at night....
samee bored and tiredd. Haha. But that's kinda normal(:
Glad the snow and ice is finally gone off the roads. I love Winter, but, I don't like to drive on ice and snow!
thanks 4 the follow
oh yeee(: can I have some details? I would like to be in it(:
ha. I did.
"Twitter is going to start making us pay, DM this to people to keep it free" stfu this isn't myspace gawsh
Congratulations! We hope you enjoyed your walk across the Baltimore Inner Harbor!!
“: THEY KILLED KILLER, B! #HalfBaked” :'(
has my wife left yet? Anxious to replace her
Off shopping for Jan bargains #clearance aisle rocks
Barely slept. Woke up every 30-45 minutes to look at the clock. Massively nervous. 3 points please lads.
They Say" when good girl Gone!" That She gone foever
Had a great drama class at SAG Conservatory last night. Met many talented actors. Thanks to teacher, writer, director Max Myers.
sorry to hear that, did you atleast get anything for Valentines day?
thats what i thought too lmao
its gunn humid outside
ohh yum! I'm so jealous! Order the vodka pizza and rubi rosa salad!
A tough decision looms for John Groce. Return to OU with everyone back or take job at Illinois. Not often a job like that is open in the B10
Game tonight vs Sixers will likely determine how I feel about Bucks for the reason of the season, until something else happens next week.
The Vikings Game and the Greenbay are on simultaneously here. GB on CBS and the Vikings on Fox
DIY for life!
#Chess break.
-The program has cost an absurd amount of $ but has always facinated me - almost seems conuterproductive to end it now?
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
Word of the day: classless. Opinion: priceless
lmao I like that!
Who wants Ault and Thundersticks back?
Congrats buddy!
I'm sure cupcakes would have helpd too.
man i have no clue
yeah not a younger one though, an older one
Some changes have been made can't wait until the finished project tevinocity.wordpress.com
RT : Joe Johnson is about as smooth as it gets... His one on one game is among the best.
I halftime to take my act Tuesday, wendsday, and Thursday I hope I do good!!!!
I found that my typing speed is a limiter on my rage. I'm allowed to rant anything I want if i do it in Dvorak.
There are diagonally a consisted grills rotisseries ovens hapens to- rotisseries
WHO WINS IN A FIGHT? #STEVENSEGAL, or #VANDAMME? Lol
Is it really? Why would they have the same day! I guess that's what the joke was about. I just thought the photo was funny. :)
Man, Superchunk's Florida's On Fire (Acoustic Demo) is so heavenly. cc/
I typically don't like to play on wknds (in Chicago anyway), but I'm hoping that threat of severe weather keeps jokers off the course today.
In the near future, smoking cigs will be reserved for the wealthy. L_S_D
PARISH has a special treat for you this weekend...Can you say "Eden Farm's Acorn Fed Pig!" Stay tuned 4 for more details!
I don't like Brandon's
Just a reminder - I’m being interviewed during a LIVE Lunchtime Facebook Chat TOMORROW - Tues., Oct. 25 at noon PT - TUNE IN!
Wouldn't it be awesome if houses had power door locks like cars for when it's raining?
Exceptional Nurse Jackie tonight Loved Zoe breaking out the ending dance moves. Sometimes life makes you want to do the robot or running man
"Honesty vs. Truth: honesty represents uncensored thoughts/feelings but truth requires tact, timing, kindness, empathy." -Dr. Harriet Lerner
♪Keep On Loving You - REO SpeedwagonREO Speedwagon: The Hits
I've been working so hard on tour, i've been up late and alright
If I could go to Hawaii❤
uh what? lol
Anytime 2day I find myself bored & in a line I'm going 2 spin around in haste 2 accuse the poor soul behind me of inappropriate touching!
Not even Rory? Sometimes Puck?
thought that would be you ; )
Happy Halloween All!!!
WHAT DO I DO
My mom say everytime I get a follower she well give them $50
awesome and so true!
If I got my hair cut every week for a year that's still not a rack
I agree!!!
just flip him off tomorrow :)
HAPPY BRFDAY TO MY FRIENDS YAYA
Isn't it just a file server that doesn't log use?
I think Sam Raimi's style, in the Evil Dead films and Drag Me to Hell, could be called 'slapstick horror'
thanks bro!
Thanks, Mandy! I'm so proud of myself! :)
I'll be there!!!
Hell yeah!
Don't care that basketball will soon begin....I was enjoying the fact that the Mavs weren't gonna receive their rings in the "limelight" :)
Javale McGee might be the the dumbest NBA player ....... EVER LOL
Unless there's shitty eggs in the after life I am alive. Thx to MAH, its nurses, Dr. Schuler + the guys for the support...
Headed to the 76ers/Bulls game. These tickets are free compared to Flyers tickets. Good seats for playoffs??? $35!!!
maybe one day u can be a historical online figure too!
likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!
hah, that's the back of my head on the left.
Internet Explorer??? What's that?
who is the girl? I wanna help
I'm going to go swim a gazillion miles. Cause surely that will help me stop dying to run. NOT.
I want to go to the club and dance my ass off cause I deserve it!
Happy Birthday to a wonderful and supporter! You are one of the best! :)
Dear Companies, I want to unsubscribe from your email list. Let me do it. Don't require a password. It makes me hate you.
thanks for sponsoring Cactus Cafe shows: tonight Jeff Lofton Quartet: A Jobim Tribute #jazz story: - bit.ly/qFKvO4
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise
My new fav song by thanx to his new interview with is operator tehe yea i kno im perverted shit happens
hahaha! Good one “: Devil went down to Georgia.
Third Afghan NATO death in one day
“ BREAKING NEWS: WVU has announced that they are joining the NFL”
not much i'm more into facebook
yes ma'am! can't decide if I want to read the 3rd one tho, lol
Mine. All mine.
has anyone told you that you look like Tim Ferriss on this pic? Anyhow, thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets.
thanks for the follow. I'm always on the lookout for getting a small biz off the ground
I see you went with the social media that doesn't require I confirm our friendship. Very crafty. Reciprocated all the same. :)
My phone truly trippin
Nice one! RT : BloodCenter of Wisconsin
God Bless #18 for Carolina. The Panthers are blessed!
Tell everyone too like this page -sel
Could the Scorched Countertops beat the Single A champion?
what a GORGEOUS site! i love your art--so playful + full of joy! i'm thrilled to follow you!
thank you!
favorite part about #thevoice is -- time for a spin off?
i fucking hate israel
On the air right now! The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Life is mainly about one thing. Finding success.
emotional and captivating performance on re-pete.
Maurice Sendak :( RIP
bourbon cocktail for me but yay for the French!
What do you think of Eben Franckewitz?
Going out on a limb, none of the golfers with mustaches are winning this tournament. This is what happens when I have to write about golf.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Places Now Get Automatic Updates from Users, Crawls
#IWannaSlap those white kids with da bright red cheeks that say "yo" and "nikka". 2 xtra points if they have backwards hats and bball shorts
get signed up! #UCO will being trying suit u up after I get done with you!
Bob Geldof has said, "I am responsible for two of the worst songs in history." Well, yeah, kinda.
The whole Qwikster fiasco, said they were going to separate streaming and DVD delivery. Plus a price hike
Naw Let Him Shoot. He Didn't Shoot Enuff In Game 1
#love ambassador! I love it! :D
we want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month. go!
Please don't hesitate to include your contact info to view the videos, I'm the only one who gets the info - I hate spam as much as you do!
indeed. You nailed it. ;)
Couch in i-4 at sand lake southbound
I know you're excited, dude & she's the Divas Champion :D I guess I was right about her coming out instead of Kharma last night
stay tuned for a lower-cost option. We're well aware this is a barrier for a lot of Drupal clients.
JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE KITTY I SAVED YESTERDAY THE DOC. HAD 2 PUT HIM DOWN.. (
Excited for tomorrow, rain or FLOOD! Thx to
Congress Town Hall waiting for to speak. Stay tuned for some live tweets
#FF for their awesome prize giveaways
I just answered the phone with "good morning "
Don't you hate it when you think of the most amazing song title and you google it and its already been done!?!
What is the ROI on those camps (i.e., does that high-priced training actually lead to guaranteed scholarship $ in the future)?
right?! And she can't stay away for longer then a couple weeks... bizznatch:P
thanks for the @ today Rich.
#BOYFRIEND is on the radio!
Oh sh*t indeed. Need for local food system resilience in the face of climate change is a big motivation for me to start
Anyone or an official?
#greendrink the answer to everything.
Steelers are without a doubt one of the most fortunate teams
Hey! I live in Miami and I know u're coming to Florida for Playlist Live, it'd be awesome if u could come to Miami and meet me.
So happy to hear that! Mental illnesses are so difficult to understand & I hope the #findtodd experience helped enlighten.
Read-Out for #bannedbooksweek. If you're on campus, head over to Democracy Plaza and join us!
#wwdc week was truly inspirational, learned a lot, met some tight dev's and got confirmation on an app direction, time to put in some WORK!
long overdue congrats, next year and NCAAs
I was about to say patriots play smart football but that guy flopped like a trout on concrete.
I grew up there... Beauful place to visit. Have fun!
Holy wow....Romans chapter 1 is KICKING MY BUTT right now. Good read that ish
Cause I don't trust these bitches
Excellent - will look forward to meeting you there!
NBC29 already posted a name.
RT : Trayvon Martin Shooting: Dade Schools Superintendent Carvalho Says Failure To Investigate is "Cause For Outrage"...
you owned it last night. great set! also, you guys/gal couldn't be nicer and more hospitable. thanks 4 having us!
roses are red voilets are blue hes for me not for you if by chance you take my place ill take my fist and smash your face
Medical canibas options will be set for public hearing in #lacey next...sure to be an event not to be missed!
Another great conversation today over iced tea about the arts community and the future. This time with Greg Kelly of
Big otter pop heist out on Highway 97 last week, COULD BE JUST A COINCIDENCE THOUGH.
CBS' Mike Wallace was a true news icon and displayed class and respect in every story he reported. The industry lost a legend today.
Again? Didn't u tell me I could go with u next time. What are you going this time for?
Here's hoping! Because in the past hour there were hits from the House of Representatives.
- Jackie, belated thanks for the #FF last week. As always, much appreciated.
I HATE letting my dogs out in the morning, they just BARKBARKBARK 🐶 along with the German Shepard next door & it makes me want to die 😱😲
RT This little boy got so shy when he saw a cute little girl at the playground. 😂😊
I was selected to do a TEDx talk at TEDx Delmar! Wow! Yay!
carissas brothers gf wants carissa to take her instead
Gorgeous summer weather can sneak up on us all it wants. I refuse to stop making huge vats of winter stew.
shouldnt the GE bed have a mattress?
RT : RT : Would you mind telling me, why the fuck you have all of my pictures on your twitter?
Men worry over the great number of diseases, while doctors worry over the scarcity of effective remedies. Pien Ch'iao
The key word s r (Label submitted) there is competition pt 1
At #OHSFoodTruck you can sit inside and eat so you stay warm! We're here until 7!
Dedicating the Eastbank Esplanade was the first time Vera Katz visited the Eastside
Those Sweet texts I get every night >
well, the "3d" movie wasnt 3d. It was bareback, which is kinda disheartening. Lol.
You can't love somebody until you love you; so when you love somebody you know what to do.
Testing the range of my new speakers with some dubstep. Pretty, pretty, pretty good.
The Island Tour from 1998 is so good. #NP YaMar
An ice cold beer sitting in the console .
yes gota represent
#heartoftexas medals are in! ARC members can pick them up in the office. Out-of-towners, your medals have been mailed to your clubs
#IfYouReallyLikedMe He wouldnt be able to keep us apart
Please follow me!
Keep the snark flame alive!
THANKS! We make websites for others so finally redid my own!
yeah, i saw that documentary on them awhile back.
You're a spurs fan? *gasp*
M coffee! And yay to Friday morning.
Kind of :p
What do you call a Cute #Volcano? "Lavable"
Halloween, come on!
what time?
All this talk about politics and elections in the deep South has me curious about one thing.....Grits.
Beautiful weather today! I love
hockey&beer.
ALL I WANTED WAS TO SLEEP AND THEY SCREAMED AND I SCREAMED AND NOW IM CRABBY AND I DREAMED ABOUT HOT DOGS.
My mom is so beautiful, I can't be her daughter
I really want to model my apperance after Karl Lagerfeld.
Le monde sort de la pauvreté de masse.
My fortune cookie had 3 fortunes inside. How fortunate.
You must do something new to be sustainable. Innovation must be part of the job.
Pet the kitty. She'll make you feel better. Or at least it will make her feel better.
Rob "The Piece" Scuderi about to get another ring?
“: What is on your fitness agenda for the afternoon?” just coming of the half marathon so 4 miles today.
Thanks for the suggestions!
thats brilliant! & the damn truth!
Swishing a Jarrito. Eating Chorizo. Love Milwaukee's south side!
Why yes, yes we can.
Yeah I know! I just noticed that now too.. Lame. And leaving?! When he finally has a Cali show?! Aww man.
I saw a "Happy Mother's Day" on a facebook status....I commented "Thank you."
I am excited to try them! I do love a good pickle.
......you can't talk about my future hubby like that. he's innocent!!
...BES supports the Elizabeth Taylor Aids Foundation...
Oh my god...they left the ringer ON??? Just DUMB.
why is time going by so fast? it seems like my 3 day vacation started.... too bad it ends tomorrow :(
They said the world is going to end this year. STFU..they can barely predict the weather
I'm using Diana's old lady hair tie lmaoo 😂
Loved seeing in the idol audience today. Just her face made the show worth watching.
Happy Thanksgiving Coach K Nation!
Beach Boys are "getting better each year" and they are all about harmony! :)
WOW got the most random text message I've ever received from an old old old old old friend can't believe this kid remembered me
were you able to buy some stock? i thought they weren't allowing int'l sales?
Today in #wmnhist, Cleopatra, queen of Egypt, poisons herself following defeat of her forces against future 1st Roman emperor.
Today, our very own Candace Underwood made us cupcakes as we celebrated birthdays, anniversaries and a retirement. Happy Friday!
I guess but my main is Harry from one direction he o so sexy with his British accent!
Jean jackets and camaro's
not a foul ball - tossed by Josh Hamilton
what's up
"art is one of the only things in life where you'll die being a student"
13 one year younger then u
Everybody check my dope background from the photo shoot from earlier BIG S/O to
A big thank you to all who dined with us during the month of March; your patronage helped to contribute to the relief efforts in Japan.
It's still only the first round of the playoffs?? They need to shorten the early rounds
Alright, all. I am checking out for a bit. I suggest watching the livestream. Does the music still speak to you? What else do you need?
Loren needs cuddle friend
#mitt2012 #gop REALLY!
Thank you Gene! Hope you and your wife are doing well! :)
I hate twitter.
Hah, last tweet s/acting/action/ — it had lots of acting. :)
What fun, crazy events may May bring to Lo Cash?
“: Why u think that?”just know
my heart is relieved thank God !!!
we're glad we have you as the real-life role model!
Hi ! (people not pets of course:) loves your community outreach (and froyo!) at all 4 of our facilities!
I'll be at Thousand Oaks in 30 minutes or so. Just a fyi...
Not sure yet....I'm waiting for confirmation.
lol , i aint bout that life but if we was in person wouldnt none of you bitch ass niggas try me ! FUCK OUTTA HERE .
Coming up on yr 4 @ my co. & I received an e from my mgr"You are doing a very good job;I am glad I found you."
Who is Boosie and what did he teach me?
Need motivation? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club Membership
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
Woo hoo! So exciting. Congratulations! See you in Jersey :-)
Mountain Trust Mortgage Services is a local San Diego company, B accredited with an A+ rating and many satisfied clients. (858) 376-1299
The Oatmeal Raisin bars are edible, but I can't help but feel they are missing something. Should have topped with caramel!
Bring it on School House Rock. better not suck it up.
I know what u mean.it's going to be a huge commitment on my part.
go to flightclub in new York...haha that's where I'm going
crispy ass toes.
RT How You Can Find out Almost Anything about Almost Anybody - KERA Channel 13 , this Sunday in Dallas
love that you guys are still together!:}
LEFTOVER PITAPIT HIT THE SPOT. NOW TIME TO CRACK THE WINE!!
Morning everyone! It's a perfect day to be #knitting! Any pattern suggestions?
You'd be surprised by how I just fade into the background in those situations. Haha.
That's REAL.
lol no problem! :D
Fight for your dreams even when it hurts. Push a little harder, one day at a time.
okay :D lol
Whats up guys - we will keep you in mind as opportunities come up - have a great summer !
We do have it, but it is not half priced. We definitely recommend trying it!
Great breakfast for keeping fat off: 1 serving oatmeal, 1 cup berries, 1 scoop protein powder.. Delicious!
zero deaths EVER from #weed. 3 deaths a YEAR from steroids. if you cant see which is worse you are blind.
I've taken my bows, and my curtain calls...
And we kick baby eagles in the teeth. Don't forget that!
NOT SLEEPING. ^.^
I hate it when that happens! If FB could get a handle on messaging, email would...
Everyday I'm juggling. (Projects, not balls or pins or whatever physical jugglers juggle)
thoughts about James Franklin. He's firmly in the Dooley won't make it camp. That riles them up too.
I feel the exact same. I've been pretty disappointed lately.
Sme jst cnt be trusted... So always keep ur eyes open and neva turn ur bak cuz the ones close to u will hurt u faster than a stranger...
#myweakness thinking that i dont have a weakness
Built my own. The shopping cart coop was free (made by architecture students) but really kinda shite.
also, is it necc wrong to not be convinced "agency" is real? and what does this have to do with grammar?
it's all good, I think you all will do a lot better in your new location, mainly because it's by me now
That's a good idea. :)
RIP Steve Jobs. :-(
Thats rule Number one when working with Fiercness lol
Quoting "Wheatgrass tastes like someone cut the grass in my mouth!"
absorb heavy discharge discretely and comfortably is the maxi pad's special power. Protector of panties.
RT : #edchat Yes, Qwiki is an online encyclopedia with sound, images, text - awesome research tool.
Yes, and not the first time I've complained about it with that hashtag popping up. :)
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen.
": NSAC saying their delay on the Diaz hearing was to give Diaz the opportunity to present his card & case. #UFC #MMA"
Its a cold world.
the town where I live?
Im sure you'll go crazy! Just think about actually hugging & talking to them. I think about it all the time in my head!!
That awkward moment when everyone is celebrating the death of the publishing industry and they don't even get it
What is happening everyone?
.... I miss her already</333
You're Welcome!
oh! That is intriguing. Send me the script?
Both. It is very controversial, probably more so than Barack figured it would be.
In other news....AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! HNNNNNNNGGGGG....
Everyone at the #MiWBF have fun, stay warm, and stay safe!
lol girl I'm just saying hello hope all is well with ya
It's a terrific Tuesday to try Tutti Fruitti!
Also awesome was coworker wore his HUCTW button during the show.
Hope must be the new religion (not sure if Obama started it) - but has the market ever been as captivated by hope, versus hard fundamentals
I think this counts as evidence that they deserved it. No jury would convict you.
Oh Lennys tuna, you are my weakness
I don't wanna hear any @+#* about me talking #*@*. You people were relentless to me on twitter when I was running. now its #myturn j/k
just registered a hot new feature script at the Writer's Guild
I'm thankful to be part of #LIS because each day I learn something new.
i have braces.
I feel like my life is moving at 100 mph. 5 shipments packed in 2 days & leaving for Orlando in the AM. Sleep is overrated anyway, right?
Keep your diet in check this weekend: allow yourself to splurge on one thing, but set a limit and hold yourself accountable!
it's hard to brave this heat in anything!
Time to watch this aggrevating show again.
Chase lost 5 times the amount they said new regulations would cost them. They should welcome the new regs!
When learners ate directing their own learning, how do they know what they don't know?
God is a God who expects fruit from those who follow him...That's how the world will be changed!
LIFE CULTURE TONIGHT.don't miss out. Its going to be crazy.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-61
We have 2 dining facilities. 1 for countries that spend and 1 for more frugal. Convinced Americans who go to latter are hipsters back home.
I'm about to eat 2 hardboiled eggs. I HATE hardboiled eggs!!!
Today is May Day…ha!
yea I know lol u thought she said daddy
“: Slept through ATL Reunion so now I have to wait till it comes back on 😒 #HateWaiting” RT invest in a DVR.
In order to achieve something you've never been able to, you have to do something you've never done. Anything else is pure insanity.
Sorry about the delayed reply about your good wishes for my good health after my gall bladder surgery. Todah rabah!
Its the weekend, think about Getting Plastered with Chavez Lath & Plaster! To those that are and have(our customers)THANK YOU!
Literally just left one convo to start another about peoples butts.
Tomorrow? I was going to go today, but I'm barely settled from that allergy attack. Chris and I will be out, 10 am sharp.
hm I wonder who that could be about? lol i love you!
you deserve it!
Happy Bday !!!! With love and Respect from a Patriots fan
I unfollowed it and kayden still is. Oh & they very first followed me for idk why but I think they're trying to frame me.:/
Props to Madonna. Good Show.
I'm fashion and I know it
Looking for the specifics, but had to do with negotiations being a tactical capitulation rather than a moral awakening
Happy National Poetry month! Celebrate with the National Gallery of Art's haiku idea. Enjoy!
and . . . the Flyers are cooked; screwed by a puck that took a bad hop over Briere's stick
Working the Vanity Fair Oscar party today at Milk Studios!
DailyHookahTip#153: Hookah does not equal drugs. This terribly incorrect connotation has devastating impacts to us in the hookah world.
THE FIRST PERSON TO FOLLOW ME WITHOUT ME FOLLOWING THEM FIRST WAS PAYTON RAE <3 YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER NEVER STOP!!
thanks for the RT - very cool of #Dell to hook up Alienware customers with free Ivy Bridge!
Bought an umbrella, today. Easily, the best purchase of my life.
thank u. That's nice of u to say.
awh sorry :( i actually wasn't in that band.
AH! Oh Izzy, you hold my heart! RT : RT : Congrats to for winning #RAOM today! Time to pack!!
worth it.
She turned 1 on April 21 ;)
I'm in Panama, PCBAC??
Aight y'all sorry, done with these fools. Now baack to my regularly scheduled optimism
anyway, I want in on the action/high fives/lipstick. Y'all keep the grandpas.
I got a haircut today. Does that count? Working on a flier & then Imma gonna play.
I really hate how a good majority of my close friends are seniors ans will be going to college next year.
Butterscotch Pot de Creme Recipe | Devour The Blog: Cooking ...
that your soundcloud?
just coolin it tho what's good
(as soon as grade this giant pile of stuff)
can I have some too? I love bear stickerz
I've done alot of wrong, i try to apologize subliminally a ton.
It's apparently their new hastag for Twitter. Like #BBN. I don't recall UK needing to promote that moniker. Sad, really.
Just failed my citizenship I think didn't know anything lol
Ive been doing IDs al day. My hand hurts so much
you're fancy!
Why do people prefer Bob to Dolvett on #BiggestLoser? I'd totally choose Dolvett!
As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
If you are a politician, read Daniel.
I'm watching this morn too! :)
thanks for following Our kids exercise device , 123GoTV was just featured on TV on the NBC News 4 Your Health.
The countdown is officially on! One week from today is the big unveil of Swankey's new website. So excited!
Wish you could download certain songs from SoundCloud? Now you can: Flash-Got Add On for Firefox. 1-click gets all media.
Had a great time at #OMS12 in San Diego this morning. Thanks to for great presentation on social strategy 4 customers
Hope everyone is having a good day. Smile you just might brighten someone's day.
God I love dick so much like I love to put it in my mouth
Leaving for the airport at 4am (which is 10pm Eastern American Time) 14 hrs later I'll be in VA! I feel jet lagged just thinking about it...
thanks i hopefully will!
It's a kinda night.
This is the last time I will use Fastsigns. Not happy with my service. And I made sure they knew!
GOD! I wish I would stop butt calling people!!:/
HERE WE GO!!! #TeamBringIt @ #WrestleMania LET'S GO ROCK!!!
Its actually not as busy as I thought. People must be into shopping early.
Well. Been up since 730 can't go bk to sleep. Guess 3hrs isn't too bad. So GoodMorning n God Bless!
Omg just had the most random, fucked up dream ever.
Glad ur feeling better!!! TY!!! RT Back on after a few wks under weather. Looking forward to your launch & excited for you!!! : D
I like to argue .
“: It kills me that gossip follows me everywhere. I made my bed.” In the eyes of our Lord,u r forgivin. That's all that matters
11th ranked baseball beating East Tennessee St. 22-4 in the 5th inning. Why is Arizona playing ETSU?
Just got off Project Audience conference call. Lots of talk about portals.
HUGH. GIVE ME A CALL SOMETIME OK
Time: unrecoverable, limited, and uncertain. Past: forgetful, knowledge, direction. Now: choice, joy, chance. Future: unknown, unlimited, co
Hi Katie!!! Congrats on finishing online classes!!! I'm very proud of you. You should definitely pat yourself on the back.
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A LEADING ROLE IN A MUSICAL:Jan Maxwell,Audra McDonald,Cristin Milioti,Kelli O’Hara,Laura Osnes
Looking for additional income? Opportunity to change your mindset call begins at 1:00 PM EST 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
it looks and smells like a frat house in here. beer smell is my fault. everything else is theirs.
Just bought the most amazing bag from !!!
My new shoes *should* be here today. I am stoked, and miffed it took so long.
I've turned against the movie Inception. Any movie still developing its basic premise in hour two needs help.
Celebrate Earth Day w/April Sat @ 4:30pm. Hear featured songs, practice grounding sequences, & explore the elements of Mother Earth.
Just so my followers know.....I don't #follow to gain #followers...I #follow to gain new and interesting Knowledge....
I didn't give up. I let go.
RT : Lawfull Rebellion, KNOW your RIGHTS!
D'antoni is out and the the Knicks is up 26.... Gotta love it.....
are goin good we got a lot of stuff going on this year so far.Were just trying to get booked up,and recording soon
Watching # Fast5 Vin Diesel & The Rock best fight scene of last year. Period
Does anyone else lose sleep wondering why Tarzan didn't have a beard??
Excited for tomorrow! Everyone listen to 94.5 the Texas Buzz!
Can't believe amendment defunding the DOE 30% standards for energy efficient light bulbs has been approved,
RT if you love 's new single #SAYSOMETHIN!!<3
Cook-Out is easily my favorite part of living in NC. Really glad that they're expanding to SC and VA.
OMG, he RTed you. :D lol
New #PrimarySourceCode post. This time around I recount my trip to an event hosted by #DrexelLibraries on their Microcomputing Project.
“: no kids around :( i guess i get SUSHI .” SUUUUUSHIIIII
Missin my man . i wanna see him so bad .
You are both seriously 10 feet away from me right now. I refuse to engage.
Idk what to do
Thanks! PS. I still haven't done my quiz thing for tomorrow...completely forgot about it!
Then who's organizing the Dads? ;)
I have to choose a local company to use for all of my corporate comm class projects. I think I might use Marcus Corp...
Love it! Knock 'em dead and give God's country a big kiss for me.
im out by uga. . I was gonna hit u up when I came to Richmond friday haha
Get a binky for baby bron bron! Dirk is clutch yet again! #mavs #dirk #champs so excited!
BOYFRIEND ON <333333
I wish I didn't need to consume so much caffeine to stay awake. So. Sleepy.
here we go Mitt.
Stoked for this Crystal Ballroom Show on July 27th!!!
I am looking to speak with Brand Directors for an amazing opportunity.
I had such a good day. Hung out w/ friends, like old times. #memories = )
RT : Every storm is a school. Each trial is a teacher.Every experience is an education. Every difficulty is for your development
RT : "Teachers need to be Digital change agents, students - reverse mentors"
Anyone wants a follow back? Holla at me :*
Oh my. if you and i were to hold hands and people saw us from the back, they'd think i'm the guy :D
'Take no prisoners' attitude sounds like on Flyers beat.
Just got done with the meeting Bout to do work!
Open practices r out!
Do you sell the petzl nomad on your website?
aww thank you ♥ love you too!!!!!
so wats up wit u
Cause I want to erase but I can't stop seeing it play
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around Springtime. -Joel Garcia
lit-er-a-cy
hell yeah!
molested children and asked them to develop guidelines for preventing sex abuse; however, victims groups immediately denounced the
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Coates
Happy birthday !!!! Bring me a shot!!
Halloween town high hollllllaaaa! <3 this is the time of year that I only watch Disney channel.
Thanks for the #FF and our new Spottlings
It's sharp.What kind is it again? May invest in 1 myself. RT : Glad you liked them! We're having fun with the new camera :)
Every expert has the #caps losing in the 1st round of the playoffs & a lot of them predict a blowout. I'm keeping the faith- LET'S GO CAPS!!
That's great! Good luck and let us know how it works out!
When everyone decides to make a giant circle in the hallway and you have to push through them to get to class
along with a huge cherry danish!!! ;D
Easter Sunday Resurrection Praise & Worship Celebrations are taking place all over the world. The stone has been moved. Jesus is Alive!
ha. Saying that Missionaries go door to door like Jahovas too.
Put some change on ya head I mean some cheese on ya nacho
Watching for pigs on the wing...
Who else likes to participate in autodidacticism on a saturday night?
Even tho u rarely reply 2 me,good luck out there.Im glad u r outta here.It's depressing and even more now that u and Rome r gone.
From the Snapple lid: "Tigers have striped skin, no just striped fur." Something to model for the new year.
I mean by the time it reaches the shade, you either swinging or not.
Drama Drama Drama... cmon now are u really serious....on to the next one!!!!!!!!!!!
7 game lead over the Cards. As Nyjer said "might as well go after the Phillies"
Had a good trip to #Morongo last night in trying to audition for #WheelofFortune but didn't get called on stage.
is fucking awesome... !!!
What did you get?
The #Rangers whooped up fair and square ... Hats off to them ... thanks to the #Yankees for another great season ... Go SF Giants lol
I don't think the writers of Smash have ever been to New York, met a New Yorker or a 16 year old boy.
": just saw you on #TMZLive"
dm or text me?x
yup! DM me your cell or email so I can send them.They are real good condition, you could always put a cover on them if u wanted
'They've taken over from someone who was a coup leader himself' #NPR Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
The public gets it...
If the Doritos Locos people ever experienced the agony of mental illness they wouldn't make light of it
positive negative positive negative
Once again, I lie here awake, thinking of you.
My eyes quit!
Men: drink roughly 3 liters of water per day. Women: 2.2 liters
#NowPlaying Bad Girls by M.I.A
If the goal is to communicate, then say what you mean
what a perfect end to a full day of wining and dining !
Hahaha omg awesome!! Love it...can't wait to read it! Just one more day!!
Assuming he wiped his ass, let him in. Why should it make a difference? Then again, he could have waited. LOL. Peace!
Tony Allen bothering C. Paul. Every team needs a dedicated defensive stopper.
get ready to light some fireworks
Oh really? Would you be able to email me your experience? rudie[dot]obias[at]gmail[dot]com
omg what are they doing thatS MY HOUSE
Call your Dad asap...
Whats good ? When are yall gettin back to NY?
RT if you will never forget the very first time you heard the boys on your radio. <3
Power Rangered Harden?You ever thought Harden just soccer headed his elbow?no one ever asked how his elbow was doing
Cast your bread upon the waters, for you will find it after many days.- Ecclesiastes2:26
Little Monsters have a "soonphobia"- that is, a fear of the word "soon".
I would pay more than $5 for this, Aziz. Thanks for being such a bad ass and making me laugh myself to tears every week.
What is this pain . It hurts . So much .
hm...shows up ok on my Twitter profile. Just a pic of a few of the bottles I've bought in WA.
I know this sounds crazy, but I wanna be in the Marines.
Instead of seeking approval, ask "what's wrong with it? how can I make it better?"
You should hold out for Battlefield 3!! ": Is that Gears of War 3 video game any good? Just seen the commercial"
Come join us with the PBT out at Hartwood Acres tonight from 5-9! Free classes and performance!
Especially naked
I love the song "Africa" by Toto
If you're looking for some stuff to do go on and visit Gotheredothis.com half price tickets to lots of things around Nashville
I won't be (Michelle) but I'll let the gals know!
Had to wait in line at Einstein Bros. Bagels for 15minutes for a bagel!
Mom bitching in the morning, yuuuummm <3. O.O
Mark Your Calendar! Fall Panel on Curriculum, moderated by Provost Halleran, scheduled for October 27, 2011 4 pm Sadler Center, Tidewater A.
7 out of US trending topics are related to politics. Yay for us.
If you love the outdoors like I do you must get to the this week!
I hate Lakers winning! I miss the 80's Lakers. Magic and James Worthy baby.. Not the Kobe-LAkers.. too overrated..
And Rangers draw first blood!!!!
Aww, that's awesome! :')
We just don't know.
Just unlocked my "get these kids to bed and get me some wine" badge.
Thanks for following
making naan bread for the first time.
“: it's supposed to be 21 degrees tomorrow morning for practice with wind chill it says 12 degrees" sounds great.
Just going to give a quick #PSA. Don't put cream meant to kill cancer on a pimple. I mean, it did kill the pimple, though...
i'm ready for the game...just need my earrings n a W! :-)
Watching the Giants
i apologize to my global class for giving you all heart attacks. by two essays i include the current event. my bad you may all chill now :)
Ohh, I like them! They're super cute!
Did you hear him say "Kanye's fine ass" ?
I'm a Changlorious Basterd! COMMUNITY is incredible tonight
you should be! Anyways, I just wanted to thank you guys. Hopefully I can get you something cooler if this picks up momentum.
Don't. Stop. Dancing.
I just became a fan 3 days ago :) -Maria
I think ipod bout to overheat lol
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Brian Bradford, Tameka Kelly and Cynthia Searcy! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
Keep on keeping on
I see how you started following me thank you!!! I've been following you for awhile. Too bad about tonight's game though!
- see now you're just gonna make me late for work.
givin it a 5 for a week cast . Or what producers showed us .
omg! Haha i dnt get the point of it tho.
"Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs." ~William Howard Stein
Definitely white. And possibly with a novel way of displaying time?
#localism “: an hour-and-a-half away from our inaugural show with Gov. Bev Perdue! #NCPOL”
can i reserve a piece of the number? haha
goodnight everyone.. hope to see you all tomorrow at the POWER OF WOMEN conference!! www.powerofwomen.com
never a bad meal to be had when you're around. Must keep the streak going!
Social Media Success Summit kicks off today! I have a feeling May will be a very educational month!
Thanks for following. Hope you enjoy reading my reviews.
you act like you've never made any mistakes.
"I Am The Messenger" by
Did yesterday really happen?
thank you very much compadre!
m(: I love subway! Lmaooo but I'm just getting ready!
Thanks for the support bro! Spring 2012 look book is stupid Dope
Pumpkin Fact: Pumpkins are 90 percent water
Maintain the surface of your car clean & waxed. Doing so will lessen drag & conserve gas mileage.
Good luck! RT : Enter to win a ticket to #ThatConference before they go on sale, follow for your chance. Don't miss it!
I'll be sure to pass that along. And you're not too bad yourself! (you know we're not the same person, right?)
What you'd say? Suck a dick, excuse me if I'm being rude, let me check my attitude
fishing can either be really fun or really boring haha
SO why am I being illustrated as a bad person miss me period
~ Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
Haha! To stay one step ahead of Silence, of course..
I want to quit following the fa drama, too depressing. RT : The Ravens are suddenly extremely shallow at the safety position
Some issues w/ the catalog right now. You can still search but no UBorrow, holds or online renewal. It's being worked on, apologies.
Nah, Half a bakers dozen shots of Jameson.
Will there be any narrative or documentary film commemorating/emerging from 28 Seeds?
not good, even without D-Rose out that shouldn't have happened.
Tweet out=shout out=twout
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!
I love that kid that argues with the teacher and entertains the class . (:
Harry Potter nerds unite! Work those flabby wand arms into shape!
am I Avery Campbell then?
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
ok im done
still waiting on "bobby". also "bobby" has a pretty tight mullet.
Sweet Muse pop-up bake shop today 3-7pm, 314 W 36th St, NYC. Free brownies!
Team Chad, Tesm Chad,
#Pioneers regain the lead 10-7 over the
When I read the story about the guy who fathered 30 children, it made me glad abortion is being criminalized so we all have to pay for them.
How far was that? sheesh
: They are a thought leader - great info on site & whitepapers! Also a supplier of a cool system
Thanks for interviewing our CORAZÓN playwright Dana Lynn and cast member Cruz, ! Looking forward to reading the piece.
yeah you better be good! I'm suppose to be babysitting you. I ain't tryna hurt anyones physical feelings...lol
Master of Whiskey #TomTurner is buying the house a round of #GingerBulleit cocktails tonight @ 8:30pm at #Rouge Lounge inside #MGMGrand!!
What is more valuable $100 dollars, 1,000 facebook friends, or 10,000 twitter followers? Online network influence is worth more than gold.
First reviews of "Celebrity Sex Tape" are in and most people agree that this movie is definitely not for children! ;)
don't be alarmed - just a new twitter avatar. now with more beard.
Many musical thanks for following to , and
tx for the download & for connecting w me! Ur walk/run ratio will vary but to start I'd say do 3'run,1'walk if that's comfortable
just completed a 1440. (and a liter of dr pepper)
Street starting to fill with students, still well short of last year though
“: #Pisces can be extremely lazy when they aren't motivated.” #truth ;)
Jay Z claims he support the 99% but him & Beyonce turned a hospital into East Germany. Like b serious
good show but u gotta figure out how 2 speak over the music with it still playing instead of interrupting when you talk
Facebook Funny Moment of the day is when you have 24 likes to your new FB page and no one will give you the final "Like". "Username Please?"
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin! 58
once I get that people will never call me gay again
Just returned home from a fabulous vacation with my husband: Greece, Turkey, Israel, Egypt, Croatia, and Italy...most of it on a cruise!
Do you need back up? Do I need to come cut a bitch?
Eagles To Retire Dawkins&#39; No. 20
We at RiTE fully support those who are fighting to keep the internet free for speech and no discouragement to share, even our art.
From now on, all stories should say "Ron Artest, formerly known as World Peace..." Not the other way around.
good luck from St. Andrews drive SSI!
Me! Me!  RT : Who likes the idea of cooper point and stickam?(;
RT : Wow, iMA conference is gonna partner with Interactive next year.
I'm now following
Mehek looks cute when shes in pain ..
Lust can only take you so far in a relationship
ridiculous weekend
Fab. Design Tip: The paint in a room will look different throughout the day and evening depending on the light.
Aww thanks, friend! Miss you too. Hope you're doing well!
Reggae tonight at Sengatera Ethiopian Restaurant, 10 pm to 2 am
I always forget about you twitter
: Perfect chilly day to be thinking about grilled cheese. :)
I somehow ended up at Pianos. Have to be at the airport at 5am. Eek. Must. Go. Home. Soon
Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues. -Cary Grant
Happy birthday to take a shot for me ! 😘
thank you i saw the two homers just figured they must have been in the park ones
are u serious?!!? What a really asshole thing to do. I've been eating for PROMETHEUS for over a year; I can't take that chance.
Some men have won custody of kids some men just do not care.
No sleep 0_o
Irony of the week: Landfills are overflowing with glut of reusable grocery bags.
Glad you got home safe.
A a hyperflexed left knee is the word of Blake Griffin.
thanks so much for the granola bar recipe! can't wait to make some!also really enjoyed the mcd's oatmeal post. -lisa
Could someone tell me why i am so bored!?
I have researched fish oil. You need high concentration and purity. At least 4000 mg. per day. More if you have problems!
Half of my face is numb from the latest dentist visit. At least my new dentist is cool.
Your hatred is my fuel☺
everyday i'm tumbliinnn
church online for those that can use it. Praying for all of you there an for those affected !!!
Bad wreck on 385 near Hacks Cross. The car was completely smashed in on top and lying on its side. :(
Such a smooth day so far thank god for the Friday night lights
Wine then beer then shots and you're in the clear, right?
Just got done with my least favorite past time....
Tomorrow POWER is closed in honor of International Women's Day! How are you celebrating Women's History Month?
so awesome! Boston reminds me of my freshman yr of college. So many memories
You're welcome=) Always thinking & sharing ideas & helping where I can, it's what I'm all about! =) Di
RT : Still not too late to buy tickets to this Friday's fundraising benefit at Carriage House Violins!...
It's a great day to get tan... with a friend! Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
TWEET ME!
nope we're all in the same boat.
I finally have one of those relationships that I've dreamed about my whole life💗
Stomach bug means no coffee, which means headache. I can't win.
tsik play me
#WhyDoiAlways say sorry when its not even my fault?
Music writers covering SX - or want to - I have paying work. Please contact.
Things just feel so right when you're proud of how you worded an email.
“: Score? RT Played Olympic Club today in sf.” of course he scored. Cart girl behind the 12th tee box
what about females that lie & say a nigga didn't?
[bows] RT [applause] RT : [something clever]
TMMBA Nugget from Day 4: Finding the sweet spot balancing Technology, Strategy and Ethics. So many great real world examples. Also, the RBV.
May I please join you both there?
Wow you cart around a lot of people - makes for a fun car ride! :-)
"Tell that Bitch to get out and walk to Blvd."
Are a blogger or podcaster going to SXSW? Need a place to broadcast? Send me a private message and I'll fill you in! philip AT NewTek .com
and that's so true lol smh .. He was killing me lol“: she said that's what I got Mel for”
Female Dance Teacher Opening Get Dance Jobs.
hmm this is a good thing right
I'm sorry, do I know you?
can i get in on this? lol
Thanks for the shoutout!
LOL I KNOW YOUR LAST NAME NOW.
You cant continue walking the same path you've always been on and expect to arrive at a different destination.
Congrats to Lauren Green & Julia Moore on being named to Class of 2014 National 150!
Great night out debut show & 4 B-DAY saw so many friends
Just got home, gonna have to watch the sunrise before I crash.
What kind of 1 year contract is Oswalt looking for? And how creative would the Reds have to be to make it happen?
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Poetry: Curses and Wishes
we're in the Free Speech area of campus selling tickets to see the !
how do you win them?
hey you yes you , i am on skype !!!
Pro tip: if there's an open notepad on your computer filled w/entire day's-worth of work, save it before your computer restarts for updates.
This weekend: sold my boat, traded in my grand cherokee, picked up a new wrangler unlimited, saw my family. #Epic #Business!
La Peña Solo Flamenco - LIVE! Sunday, May 15th at the CoHo Theater! Only a few seats are left... Visit Solo Flamenco to get tickets today!
Nah. Those walks will delay his annual injury. "Anyone else a little concerned with Rickie Weeks performance thus far in 2012?"
Exactly. Didn't see it coming. Not today, anyway. Feels like Biden + NC = main impetus.
Everything is back to normal
Howard says there are new banners telling drivers where they can park on Main Street.
very proud of you utilizing your most important role as an adult and voting
| thanks for the follow. We like your style!
Hold me, feel my heart beat, put your arms around me, and kiss me again. <3
uh, yeah. i love date nights too......but i really really LOVE food! i am off to eat a donut..... :P
I�m creative-You can�t expect me to be neat too.
Ugh rude
This is what I learned from #f8: Zuckerburg has a really cute dog named Beast.
Book fair May 7 was fun. Pictures and video will be posted soon.
Get to see how the big time players live and enjoy themselves
Getting ready for work. I hope the ten hour shift goes by fast.
Saying goodbye to friends sucks. Worst part about moving :( Thank God for FB & twitter!
excuse my french but I am FUCKING tired.
I can help lol
Very true. Makes you think about how long that friendship will last before animosity will get to you.
Where are you located?
Send to me! I want to see it.
RT : RT : Exactly six months from now will be re-elected as President of the United States.
gotta stay loyal. ;)
My phone is an asshole!!!>.<
#MoneyAintEverything but it sure is a lot!
Is Tiger that good or are others that poor to explain his top 5 round @ the Masters after several months off for (wink-wink) counseling?
My inbox is a nightmare. No important emails, just a bunch of junk that I don't know what to do with. How do you deal with all the noise??
Hope you can help create more jobs and bring all the jobs back to America. I am not a dem nor a Republican.
#austinpowers. Daddy wasn't there. Nigel Powers -
On the phone and webcamming with him <3
people automatically hate me, and that's ok because i automatically hate people.
i love you too tayyy ;)
yay! Tortilla power!
$PVSP is pleased to announce that its flagship video phone service is to be sold on one of the largest innovative channel in the U.S
Agreed. Lovely homage to filmmaking. RT : Just watched Hugo. Magnificent film.
The very worst food in New York is sold on the abandoned stretch of 10th Ave where you wait for the Megabus.
FAT TUESDAY TONIGHT !!!! 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB
Took a ride on a motorcycle. I nearly pissed myself. It was awesome.
I hate snow:(
11 Days in to the new year What are your resolutions and how is your progress?
Where you live is NOT as important as the WAY that you live.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
And I forgot to mention steak & Guinness stew w/ very authentic traditional Irish soda bread!
three followers?! your popular ;)
Totally thought I already was! Must've been Agatha or Sam
thank you sweetie!!
Gee, I wonder what 's next product offering will be. :-)
The question is... will you go?
Gained a lot of followers this week
It mainly bugs me on Twitter when I see book bloggers, editors, etc. messing things up...
Diet reminders: great calcium content foods include almonds, figs, molasses, sesame seeds, parsley, spinach , watercress, kale
?? What are we supposed to do, participate in the traffic jam for solidarity's sake?
I hate typing my password really fast and being like "Oh man I'm good" then having it say "Incorrect Password..." It's such a downer...
I think I need to hit up the bookstore for some raw, anonymous cock up my ass.
Damn Bolt disqualified out of the Finals.
“: when are you leaving for OSU?” Cant go anymore 😔
We had 12 Team Wisconsin players make All-State. I could be wrong but I bet that is more than any other program in Wis. Great group of kids
Ah... But which day?
Sage on the stage is out the window with blended/online learning. Should be thrown out with f2f as well.
Feels like a little cold is coming on... Better crack a
“: "Do what you love, and love what you do"”
Such a good term. We should use that way more often!
animal kindom resort
If anyone was worried about a hangover from last night's draft party, we delivered closing arguments this morning, jury deliberated for...
Whatever plane is in dark sky right now is not a passenger plane....that's fo sho.
I think me & could still make it! RT : Potential time change on the #BCFT making it slightly earlier.
I'm glad you two had a good time! Thanks for coming out and I'll hopefully see you at the Bistro soon.
lunch or basketball which is more important
49SQMI is on Daily Candy "SF Deals" today! 25% off @ aliceandisa.com, enter "CANDY10" at checkout
Going Vegan is also an easy fix but the dairy farmers and subsidies have made it so Americans think we need milk
is gonna prank Beliebers back... Haha
Kobe's comment about MWP after game 6 prior to tonight is everything you need to know about Drew & Pau
I am so thankful to have the opportunity to work with the youth in various community's. WorldUp.org Okai Haiti
Happy Veterans Day from everyone at Peace Love and No Nuts!
Going out 2 get beer... i dont drink it my man do.. i drink twisted tea...
i got regular tickets
it's *Amanda , your dumbb. Loll
I love so many porn stars but none more than she is the best and makes me wet :-/
#Kennedy, Chango's Beads and Two-Tone Shoes. Weaving 1957 Havana & 1968 Albany: as always, extraordinary capture of character, time, place.
What he sed “: Every time I use Terminal, something comes over me. I feel all GUI.”
Guess who just got their ticket to see ? Me! So excited!
Bored on a Sunday night? Pass 50 "likes" for a RAD little VIDEO update :P
I'd love a pic of that dog! Nice
thanks for a hug ):
did he cut a deal with someone? RT : #RonPaul is suspending his campaign for president.
I have 2000 points in Sephora..what's even worse is that they know my name when I walk in. I'm addicted its a problem.
About to get my wisdom teeth taken out :-(
Groundbreaking day in #wireless with and Thank you!
Im getting so fucking frustrated
Ahh, Wheat Thins: The thinnest of all wheats, the wheatiest of all thins.
I only found you cause LeBron. You are a celeb X.
Cooking for me and my honey boom 😘
good answer! I didn't want to get involved, tho, because mommy was ON THE EDGE.
You mean DEvolution of the Social Darwinism concept.
awe happy anniversary!!!
Christmas is so over rated!!! Bring on New Years!!!
just checked also... I had to refollow
Hope just for that tweet today, I'm going to name my first kid after you LOL! 206 4 lyfe!
Amile Jefferson set to pick a school at 4 pm today, Expected To Choose Duke Or NC State, but considering UK!
Thanks to a wonderful for the homemade chicken noodle soup!
Man this cold weather is not the business.....
The only light in my house is coming from the tv. 👍
“: Go team? ” why I yelled that in the middle of my speech I don't know
My dental tech was as usual very professional. Dr. Levine and his staff do an outstanding job
Now if only I knew how to do 1920's makeup..
Starting up with the grind this week. Football winning the bowl game makes the start of this semester MUCH more enjoyable.
qutie a day! RT : BREAKING: Worcester City Council Unanimously passes resolution opposing Citizens United
| Featured Articles
Nothin like in the morning.
having bacon at ihop. It just isnt the same anymore......
hey you live in sf yet? If so what part? Wanna hang? Be friends? Mere acquaintances? Guys we used to know? Lemme know.
thanks for including me in this great series!
Xibalba show is getting moved to Walters.
Tis the season of people getting sick. Eating correctly and just keeping clean can really help you stay healthy.
It's sad when your hotel room seems/is bigger than your apartment....
The Salty Caramels play at Friday night 10-10:45 pm. Don't miss it!
Thanks for the support !! Love you hippies .
I was actually in Nashville. Some of the most intelligent people I've ever met are from Mississippi!
Was anyone else's wish to sleep well tonight? Haha.
Magazine! Congrats! Will have to meet up next time I visit up north in Jersey/Philly area.
Happy Easter and Blessings to everyone!!!
Use "dictate" in a sentence... "My girlfriend says my dictate good."
I'm stuck between Christmas and New Year and it's not very comfortable!
I actually think they're "dickish" ... they only print articles about companies that pay for ad space. "bull sheet" why?
I'm a sucker for band guys in skinny jeans.
Told yall them LIONS are for real better jump on the wagon lol
That's what the girls at the donkey show in Tijuana say to their parents just to smooth shit over
Female fleas lay up to 50 eggs a day in the hair coat of the pet.
Seesmic desktop worth a look. These guys rock. Thanks for doing so a great job.
I think that sometimes as well. What's happened in yours?
THanks for the RT!!
Haha, well done RT : What's for lunch #smss ? Stop by our Chicago Le Peep @ 1010 W Wash.
At least we don't have to listen to Jim Mora call NFL games. We can easily ignore UCLA football.
”I will spend my last dying breath if I need to, and I will spend every penny of Apple’s $40B in the bank, to right this wrong,” Steve Jobs
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MIKE JONES CAN I GET AN AUTOGRAPH....LOLL
M. Got some chips for that GWOC?
ill look again :)
No, but I think I've heard the soundtrack at least a million times. I am so excited to finally see it!!
Can anyone recommend a reliable and inexpensive mechanic to look at my car? My steering wheel shakes when I drive. I know I need a new tire.
When tiana is talking about sex >> lmfaoo.
The City Neighbors Foundation is renovating 3 schools this summer. When school starts, we will be ready!
they've been praying for so long. I would have surely lost my faith.
We like less pain and better results. sounds like the perfect solution for summer bathing suit weather coming up!
Not feeling much like myself lately
Bored @ work omg!
We've had chances, but mostly it's optimism. And that our players are popping jersey collars this week.
you can!would like to see you on your own bike in season five!!!
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 2:30 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Toasting Mom w/ Mimosas-using Veuve de Vernay, perfect mixing bubbles. Here's to all moms in our midst, & wishing a very happy Mother's Day!
Shooting special w/ at Monarch School - a school dedicated to homeless children. What inspiring teachers/kids!
It's interesting to know some people do this and get away with it. Good way to help us learn to #beonthelookout!
So, if I return my #TOMS to the store, are they going to take a pair of shoes away from a child in need?
Okay Thanks Love !!
I'm sure that'll be in a couple of weeks too
Thanks to you (and to Carole, duh), listening to "One Fine Day" was the first thing I did today.
: Wow, someone tweeting about San Francisco? Is that even a place?
I have literally sat on the ground 25 times today just to take in the nice day!
2 Big Games tonight! NCAA B-Ball and LoCash Texas Holdem. Stop on By. JC
Thanks for the gallon of gas this am after running out on the 805! All u have to do is call 511. Awesome!
dems gave repubs 98% of what they wanted. where r the jobs?
thanks. Bill was a great journalist and a part of our family always. Thanks for your thoughts.
I will get this right eventually.
“: Who am I kidding I noe I'm hot as fuck. I'm just a stud who can't help but love sex oops ;)” does your organ need exercise?
Every artist was first an amateur. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's the annual budget dance. Spoiler alert: it will be balanced on paper!
Trying to figure out what to do next.......
Go bulls!
I expected this, usually client device creates the connection, once the connection is created the firewall allows traffic...
Its a great day to be a musician!
AHAHA. :D I like.. log on like every six months, heeh. xD I'll be on more often now though. (: ..maybe.
hey who is that qt right there? (;
anyone interested in #digitalcoupons can switch over to for insight into a hot marketing activity.
Tell us a little about yourself and what you do.
i want to take a nap
Officially done with ! Mad that was sent home but now ? IDK anymore.... Go !
Would it be possible for you to hold concert tickets for me? And I'll just buy them from you?? ;)
Good morning.
c'mon, us Florida girls need you out here in Miami (:
HUGE DEALE ON TASCAM HAND HELD RECORDERS! D-5 ON SALE FOR $79.95 CALL AND PLACE YOUR ORDER TODAY!
thanks you too!
Thanks for the follow Zulal Alp (ZulalAlp)! :)
hey ppl:D how u doin? who wants to chat? no seriously im vry vry bored-__-
i need to see you before you leave :c
I'm the motha fucken boss!! OVERWRITE!!
Relax, unwind...Join us for Yin Release at 11:30..space is still available!
optimism is a discipline. (from )
9 pm, fall break and butler 209 is nearly full. I hate this school sometimes.
oh girl!! What happened lol
So it may be possible, but it's against the law. Oh well. Thank you for the info.
this is why you are my favorite. Butterfly makes the list, too!
of Cisco is discussing smart cities at #greennet. 80k people per day are moving to cities. This is the urban century.
ha! Ur reflection is perfectly arranged on snake face mans nose.
#InDanvilleVa Kids Rock The Boosie Cut
If he's traded does he have a choice?
B-26% of men have done something women are known for? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
Will do. Should have answer tomorrow to share.
never a good day without a little Kochie
Quiet quiet!
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
i was just thinking about shows i could get addicted to over the summer, and you reminded me of 90210.
RT Chekov's Law: If a phaser is introduced early in the story, it must be fired at the nuclear wessels by the end.
Of course. Hispanics, like gays and women, never vote Republican.
Our pleasure.....
Had a thought earlier. Many shopping malls have failed, why doesn't gov't take them over, lower rents and only allow local merchants?
I'll add to my list. Reading Abundance and Seven right now! Thanks!
wanna go swimming? I promise to be a gentleman
Cheating on a good person is like throwing away a diamond, and picking up a rock.
I'm not at home LOL. He says liberals are rude and mean to conservatives. BAHAHAHA!!!!
My kingdom for a place to have Japanese breakfast by my house. I need a savory start to my day!
Ready for more of Hanging at the Hamptons? It's coming up next on the Breakfast Show...
Jacob Neilsen on mobile usability: When it comes to copy, short is too long.
what did spock find in the toilet? the captains log
... Partial solar eclipse begins here at 504 pm. Medford gets to see an "annular" eclipse: ring of sun around the dark moon.
I'm 748 followers away from #2000followers. But why is it trending anyway?
Congrats ! I want in on all this pepper jelly taste-testing, and
I'm publishing conference and Twitter is the fun way to take notes. Check out the Declaration I linked to about copyrights.
Hit the lights, let the music move you lose yourself tonight <3
Agreed! MT : Dear FB: enough with "Friend Activity" from 6-12 months ago on fan page Timeline. Complete waste of valuable space!
Thank you and You're both great. Love you both <3
TONS OF BOLLYWOOD ON NETFLIX INSTANT.
since reading damnuautocorrect cannot get "i got the moobs like jagger" out of my head. such a better line btw!
I still freak out everytime they come on tv
Where's your messiah now, Tebow??
haha one day(:
Hi love!!! Had a fantastic day! Still in the Land of a Thousand Smiles...headed to that dreary and Stuffy city after! LOL!
Thank you! You as well!
They have sex twitters too. JUST SAYIN!
I don't care about basketball anymore. My Knicks are out.
Great to be home #MIA. Participated in legislative days in #Tallahassee and ran interviews. Well worth the trip.
u see em
how come all joes look like tha devil...josesph kony and joe jackson
Twitter! Entertain me! Lol
There is a ton of movement on Hop-on today.
one night you chatted me saying "drunk bitch" I still have no idea why
Fan on and window open chilling
Those who are blessed with the most talent don’t necessarily outperform everyone else. It’s the people with follow-through who excel.
I want to do my hair! That would make my life
You're welcome! =)
Advocates Kathy Smith & Iris Simonis are presenting on #Parkinson's study participation at a #pairup4pd session at conference
Why is Sam's phone number starting with an area code of 503?? That's Oregon. Not makes sense, this does.
Off to the Borgata all week, is at another casino in AC, should be fun times!
People fall into love, but then they have to climb out.
What if he hates me?! #Racquet*
You know you are already in line for it.
impressive, most impressive.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. -Michael Jordan
He fell asleep on me .... Always going to sleep early ! Geez 😒
Yesterday I organized nodes, showered, and tried on bras. Scary! Way too vulnerable. Buried alive. See my flailing arms? No--I'm buried.
200-pound 3rd-grader taken from mom, put in foster care - Chicago Sun-Times
Bilal it's all good brother. Your a very Gifted & Talented vocal artist & the song Little One needs a MUSIC VIDEO. Let me Knw
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted. Deepak Chopra
Trending on #yahoo right now:
