What are some of the most important things that you've learned from your mother?
excited for you man...congratulations
The Detroit Tigers look great. On paper.
There's something you don't know I've walked you of to keep you on your toes 😚
So Today... Yeah Another Great Day ❤❤❤
He's the best--> : You know I'm always down! Shot!
I can design or make music with a TV on. When writing, impossible. Hmm... maybe I should make a flow chart.
I ain't thinking bout you tonite
Celebrating Life, was a huge success!! Thank you all for your donations and support to help other women with ovarian cancer.
Oh sh#t he f#cked his knee up
LOL Triple H (Paul Levesque) returned, too. I want Triple H vs. Paul Bearer vs. Paul Heyman in a Paul on a Pole Match.
Just bought "World of Geekcraft," which looks to be an awesome book. Particularly excited to try the cylon hoodie craft!
SHUT YOUR FACE!!! anthony- DM ME!!!
Great action in the Riv poker room, come on down and check it out !!
Morning parties are awesome.
Looks great!
The "vengeful librarians"? lol I will send this one out to all the librarians and future librarians I know. Only the phrase is funny
Merry CHRISTmas! Praising the Lord for my Savior & that today my Redeemer lives! And He lives in me! Hallelujah to the King!
Its not u its me
So cold this morning. 28 degrees.......bur
#wheniwasacrab Joanne was like a big sister and looked out for me :)
HOW LOW CAN U GO
I guess I'm pushing for jitters. Come on jitters!
certainly is an Adorkable little fuck.
Is it just me or does Netflix Instant seem to have less quality new content? Can't find anything, and summer tv is simply unwatchable.
great. I'm the tall, thing guy in jeans
Going to see Daniel Orrin & John Wall
Great weather + Insane sushi Thursday = awesome night to be on Milwaukee Street!
Ready to dance the night away? Come in tonight for Dirty Boogie starting at 9:30!
oil companies make billions and laugh
Time to get at that dubstep!
Going to costco to have a yummy hotdog
Safe travels sir - see you next week.
that's why we don't force leagues to choose player pools based on conferences. You choose the teams you want.
#Scorpio may need a little something to keep them going thru the ceremony, they SECRETLY want to win more than anyone. Magnetic w few words
WAVE HOPPER 2012
...to pre-pay for health benefits to current employees, and any employees (some whom not even born yet) for next 75 years.
We'll be building packages for the newly announced #WSOP stop down under later this year | 9 Bracelet events in Oz | Cannot wait for this! |
We understand completely. It's good to minimize distractions and focus. What's on your Pandora? - Bryan
I swear sappy love songs are following me, taunting me. Time for 'Disturbed'.... that should shut them up!
♥. its coll if u no follow me ,istill lovee u very very very muchh ♥♥♥
what about me?
YES! Defender of the season Kompany puts City 1 up! :)
5 days in a row at the gym.
Yes! Cuz that's how we do! ;)
are you coming to florida on your all the rage tour?
Big shout out to the previous owner of my econ book who sold it back to the bookstore, nice work crossing out roughly half of the paragraphs
UGH I WISH I COULD.
I may not be the prettiest, smartest or strongest, but at least I'm me, and don't pretend to be someone that I'm not meant to be.
Thanks for passing along the info, ladies! Jaime, check your inbox for an email from me! :)
thanks for following!!!
and Jersey Shore for you of course.
Interesting presentation from Gaikai CEO David Perry on cloud-based gaming thanks.
Trying to create a Special Offer for checking into us on FourSquare. Watch this space over the next two weeks.
Last full day at my dads!!
If you're wearing pajama pants and sandals at 1pm and you're a guy...you have a problem.
am not! Watching the #Grammy show. Hello Bruno Mars!
How does Starbucks not open till 8 AM?
Well, he calls himself Josh.
Alicia: "I'm not a sore loser or anything, but Christina you suck, so there."
- A: we've got to survive as individuals if we expect to survive as a society. The ideas are not mutually exclusive. T. Turner
one? Be faithful.'
my mom just gave 's brother a tour of my room and said that he was her new friend. omg
man this girl chest look like a steped on honey bun lol
Still in awe over your speech, and the night-Thank you so much!!! RT : Thanks - it was fantastic
Depressed. Now I won't have any spare time or sleep for like the next 9 weeks.
I feel a strange calm coming over me, lately, and I don't quite know what to make of it. Must be the yoga.
I have one that uses binoculars to watch the children play in the street
Have you switched your business page over to time line yet? What do you think?
Dreamt that I was ordering pizza for a large group and an honest-to-God screaming match broke out over "Thin Crust!" or "Deep Dish!"
So it begins RT : I hope the dogs like snow because it's snowing!!!!
Beauty call LA - Cryostem facial increase collagen 71% in 1 treatment.Your Beauty all the time.
Strategy meeting last night with and Colin Killalea. Went over tunes for our Fri. recording session for the Blue J. album.
So Good - Say Anything
Be sure to schedule your Private Lesson before the end of January!! Laura's schedule is filling fast! Email us at .
If you phone your name in on the list I have a hard time imagining you getting shut out. I'll msg if game starts.
Feeling like Rap God when you sing a fast verse from a song successfully. ♥
the latter for the holiday
As usual, the quote generator is working hard this morning in my timeline, as we needed twitter to get quotes of "important" personalities.
#NDSA unable to attend & deliver googlization of everything talk for / NDSA partners meeting
It pays to do an amazon/google search for stuff from #gilt; just found a gift for my daughter for $20 cheaper.
i was dying at tweets this morning lol
Heard the festival was a smash, glad you enjoyed it and thanks for supporting !
Sometimes, a good Disney movie and a bowl of ice cream can fix any problem
Attending the Monday Night Party & Fundraiser tomorrow to benefit 2 great causes! Hope everyone got their tickets!
I got it from Austin's old icon :)
frickin A...a bit behind but QOTSA, Strokes, Jim James, Widespread Panic, Deer Tick, LaFaro, Middle Brother, meeting TV On The Radio=orgasms
hmm at swag!
Tax return complete = new iphone on order. Happy birthday to me . . . Thanks uncle Sam for raping me throughout the year. -_-
I want to look up / And see your eyes change / Forever / By me
yep yep it's cool ha ?
“: You are gorgeous.. just saying haha” His first tweet to me<3
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare! How was everything?
I do too. I think it's cute.
NF Please join my Diva movement and follow back!!
This Victoria Secrets model looks like she needs to eat a couple of combo burritos! Not sexy...
#45 Bro, Gods love is unconditional, is yours?
everyone is certifiably crazy about at least one thing.
Got your voicemail and plan to touch base early next week. It's hectic around here today!
I was impressed she could turn the tube out of a block of wood. I forget the name of the early maker she copied. I'll ask her dad.
J Carlson: data curation profile--"reference interview on steroids"
Haha, I didn't know Nico did a remix to this. Thanks!
idk...does it? Let me know...I know it helps with itching from a mosquito bite
Got my first taste of today. So delicious! I'm going to need another box by tomorrow.
#NVHollyMadison 'I got my body back'
Just purchased a new camera, Canon Rebel! Now I just have to learn how to use it...
That's Santa Claus and His Old Lady on #WFUV - glad it gave you a grin Camille -
We knew what you meant RT : I meant Corona!
I do everything and anything for anyone and I get called selfish? I guess...
Observer Forum: Letters to the editor
not complaining... But now I'm hungry again. Better luck in Houston, I hope!
"Since computers are a popular way for identity thieves to attack you, you need to cover your tracks."
My schools administration sucks. Most of them belong in hell. Just because you're an adult doesn't mean you can treat a teenager like shit.
Why did I think it was Friday? It's only Tuesday. This week needs to go by faster
I read that today about Facebook passwords! Crazy!
& I'm not even trying to be a bitch..
Setting up a new Web page. We'll see how it works out.
Lunching it up a Chuy's Restaurant today!...Today is a Spectacular day!
Can't go wrong with Master & Margarita!
awesome get ready for coedz at Mix Ultra Lounge Friday july 22nd!
A most worthy cause, hoping to raise awareness. Thanks
Blitzer is also pretty damn amused when numbers change on a screen. I think he's just easily amused.
Shout to the whole e.v.a. pro family
looking confident, track suit and all.
State Attorney now explaining #hazing law. "This is a homicide by hazing." 13 people to be charged.
Oh interesting... I hadn't heard that. What's the explanation?
On to to get supplies for Saturday. Possibly returning with some sushi.
Stewart's work (see previous tweet) is a large-scale installation called "Fully Empty #2." The show is an homage to the winter solstice.
For position updates and company happenings, follow on TWITTER!
I really am genuinely flattered at how many people in the last week have said they want to work with me on creative projects.
Hacked Ozymandias' Twitter account. The password was "RAMESESII"
Anyone know of other VC-backed tech firms that've moved from CA to MA in the past decade? So far I have Kiva, Conformis, PolyRemedy & Nexage
Well, that was before the Cylons. Oh, wait. Those aren;t the colonies you mean ...
but.. But.. I'm not going to the game.
Stephen Joyce (Ecce Puer) must be spinning!~D
nothing yet. Actually reading some of 50 Shades of Grey.
I'm tired of looking like the bad guy
i go with them Bron Brons
Does anyone know score of David Prouty High School Super Bowl Game??
There are some really creepy people out there..
If gets the job at taco bell I'll be getting free baja blast all summer long
400 extra a month to chill, il take it
FOLLOW for me right now. (:
thanks for the Look forward to your tweets :)
There is a fine line between swag and gay.
yeah, I suspect we'll be seeing a talent drain from parents avoiding pop warner in a decade or so
Thanks and of course!!
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Over 30% of the submissions to the first OGI Conference were used last year, so your voice DOES count!
"Not Too Soon!"
Lovin' the San Diego weather in NYC today!
ARRIBA!!🌵☀🍺RT : Cinco de mayo! Time to be mexican all day! Margaritas with some classy bitches later!
Same bizzaro world where is skinny and rocks a Potsie Webber
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - Farm Bill - SNAP - community development.
I found it!
probably why I feel so fresh and clean clean
trust me, it only gets worse. But I do think it gets funnier too :)
My grandma needs to just stay here to live!
Overtime !!!! Not sure I can handle this!!!!
Hiya #Miami RT : From the 305 MIA (LET'S GO HEAT!) tweeting tonight with the flu
To maximize healing after a buttock augmentation, minimize sitting on the buttocks for at least 3 weeks.
does anyone know when season 3 of #TheBuriedLife starts?!?!
says strip clubs and sex shops are not welcome in P-town.
S/o to the new follower
I'm SURE that is true. I took an elective QBasic class in 1999. Really.
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf Whatever this is.. or make something out of it
I want YOU! FMOT
great shoot with BEAUTIFUL --->
What's OKC? I keep seeing it on my timeline 😞.
Spurs win! Sweep the Jazz. On to the next series.
and why doesnt he have good connection!
Negotiate contacts w/ licensors that refund u for downtime not extend dates if contract.
That's awesome, thx! Twitter doesn't allow users to DM non-followers...ahem !! (I need u to follow us so I can DM you info :)
Four X 40 pass arrived today. The snow is a nice prep for hitting the hill soon.
nite r u goin to be on twitter tomorrow??
My thesis now has a call number! BV167 L41
For #FF we're throwing out the big social networks; , , and
Enjoying beautiful Los Angeles- what a beautiful place. Can't wait to work with the new producer of TV Show. :)
They will and they know it, but if they can pick up a title or two they'll be happy.
yeah it is
Im Coo Bruh Chilln Coming up With Ideas For My Line Gettin Mentally Prepared for this big show on friday
Top of the morning, God bless
lol its okay. but he isnt gay?
Hi Hi how did your Hebrew Studies class pan out? Did you absolutely love it?!
. No, but let's be honest: Why live in D.C. when you can live in Charm City?
Today is the day when #collegeboard reduces the hard work of both #aphistory teachers and students into one assessment.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a fantastic day!!
I gotta say, showa's got it going on. Whole grilled squid and pickled veg till I'm stuffed.
Bye gross school see you next week! :)
In the relentless demands of obscurity, character is built. -Chuck Swindoll
Should have thought twice about that tweet...
That's right buddy! Just call me your personal alarm clock! (;
had to create a new account could remember my old info! It is all good. Happy to be back tweeting. Give me a shout out!
good morning sister (:
#TIME TO DO THE RIGHT TIME
Where did you get your Henley in your Twitpic.? :3
Can't wait for this amazing weekend.The San Diego sunshine mixed with the friends, family, and festivities have this weekend looking amazing
Loving the beats bro, U will def be on my next project, til then datpiff me MCMLXXXVIII
game time boys! Let's beat those packers like the eagles beat the giants
...and then go to bed. U have work tomorrow RT : I will re post the tweet I had earlier in the week that got so much attention.
I'm loving this weather <3<3
Blocked kick in triple overtime, #MSU for the WIN!! So good to see Dantonio SMILE!
It's a good day when everyone in my very conservative library is talking about licenses.
IM SO EXCITED I THINK IM GONNA PEE IN MY PANTS XDXDXDXDXD
you are so cool. Like fo' real.
WE'RE HAVIN A SALE RITE NOW ALL ARE RED TAGS ARE 20% OFF UNTIL SUNDAY!!!!! this excludes levi
dood ure and ideot I sware. You don't even find that shit a little amusing?
doubt it
3/10/1788->B Lincoln:The growing attachment of the People to the proposed Constitution is certainly a strong proof of its general excellence
Ironic considering today's Toni Morrison love-fest: just got web-order saying they discovered our press by googling "Why do i hate TM?" 1/2
Today has been a really great day... But also a really depressing day...
I didn't watch the whole game but from what I heard and saw, uh huh!
Mom’s Night Out: Beat the brunch rush with a variety of #dinner #specials | Available for #MothersDay this Sunday, May 13th
Hammoudeh on crude oil at $120/barrel: "~0.5 percent will be cut from economic growth in the first year of a budding economic recovery."
According to the SeaTac airport map in , there is a Freshens in Concourse C
HAPPY V-DAY EVERYONE BY DAY WAY TABOO TUESDAY!!
txt me about it when you get a chance if you want
I didn't even know there were maximum minutes. Eek!
There's a hawk circling our house and my dad just screamed and ran inside to get his binoculars.
Thanks for letting us know! Could you give our support team a call? 1-855-466-2646
A1: It is easy to apply to a lot of jobs today
April showers brings Angry Andy. 😡
Yes, most definitely -- soon. EWB is a case study in the book, so we may need a follow-up chat someday.
Alexander McQueen Exhibition was far more than just amazing. So sad photography was not allowed :(
The sky c;
Anyone have any sound isolating earphone recs? Durable plz. My replacement Shure SE210s have once again crapped out on me w/in a year.
Oh well.
Super Fun wine for Mom.! Free shipping on any two bottles or more. Use code MOM010. www.giftedvine.com
What's your costume for our Zombie Apocolypse party Saturday night?
thanks :) but I took them with some girl I'm tryna find her -.- lol
I still can't believe how many videos and photos we monitored. Good times, indeed #SB46!
I Can't Believe That My Brother Is Going To His Senior Prom! I Think I'm Gonna Cry(':
RT ": 4% of industry revenue in September came from one deal - LivingSocial's Whole Foods deal, which generated $10mm"
Just saw Marty Roesch, CEO, they're rocking it old school w/table games casino
#itshardwhen you're trying to party hard as fuck, but you're in a library. Right?
Seriously Heart attack in Nashville.
A little bit of drama ensued, but the dog is safe! :) No way could I turn my back on that situation.
Hey Where do you go in this town for one of those Surly 16-grit Double IPAs?
Lets Go Panthers!!!
I feel like I'm there all the time. Lol If I had friends to go with I would for sure. Not the type to go out alone
Dam that dog fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down but he loves me
the kardashians adopted me yesterday.
"Relax prisoner - surrender your will to Wonder Woman's! You shall see her picture always stamped on your brain! ...
Jim Collins: #Leadership is a hierarchy of capabilities.
Thanks for the heads up! That's so awesome!
Hitting the links with looking to defend the title vs and stinkyDrew big ups too
Chris Paul doesn't miss from that Right Elbow
Thanks Mark! much appreciated!!
the story about stink getting nailed by his son's 94 mph cutter made me snarf. Not quite milk through the nose, but close
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. – Brian Tracy
that was the dumbest technical like ever
Shout out to my brother , I just wanna say that man. Its pimpin over here yall
It's a masterpiece, just not a good movie.
Woop! What's up? :P
And I'm excited to learn more about the communications & messaging work you do with nonprofits
You know that was user-error.
I am late and will be there in ____ minutes.
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy. Special love & prays to my grandmas; miss you every day. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms on twitter
I Swear #Spang-A-Lang has magic healing properties
I LOVE MUSIC ♥
Baby girl twist awaaaaayyyy.
Bill Maher 'Who Just Molests”.. So Bill now thinks #Santorum has inappropriate relationships with kids?! Inexcusable!
Dayton bound!
Almost done with my last class of the day :)
Been chilling coffee in the fridge over night. Morning time treat all week!
Congrats to you and your son!
ED is up 4 DVF award (a much needed $50k 2 empower girls against trafficking). But need your vote 2 win! www.DVFawards.com
I should totes Skype you from the theater.
James Jespersen, 77, co-inventor of closed-captioning, died of a heart-attack in San Miguel, Mexico.
Back to #MaryWashington for my last undergraduate semester... kind of surreal.
Who has a good way of marking resin coated prints?
so what
Someone say's let's make yesterday Jealous....Goodpoint
Bounce bounce bounce ball!
dear Alan--you are hilarious.
word!! And what you have to offer... Lol
just havent been in the mood..i made up wt my bro so we cool now..im back on track lol
You bet if you ever get out of the Library. LOL
Spice rubbed chicken and veggie tacos w/ chipotle cream
tomato soup; spaghetti; grilled cheese sandwich; pizza :) Ok, now I'm hungry!
OK :) Just looking out for you!!!
I love the indigo on the team... “ I dig the Indigo...”
wow! I did not know that. so what? buy CDs download to phone?
Small biz service owners, Kansas City is now charging $20 per sign if you post them on city property, like a signpost or pole. Pick em up!
They finally stopped from tweeting. Thank god. I hope her ass cant get out
19th annual Martin Luther King Jr. Coconut Grove celebration at Saint Stephen's Episcopal Church. 2:30pm on Sunday, January 15th
"What kind of dog is this?" "Uh, this is a tortes" hahahahah
Looking 4 something to do tonight? Join us Meridian St United Methodist Church at 8p for a FREE outdoor concert with
sweet story, morning glory.
#latenightconfessions is trending and most of these people sound heartbroken.
Just got through watching #Abducted for the first time and that is a great movie.
today I feel blah and slow, yet tonight I have to take a high stakes standardized test. Crap.
Listening to interview right now. Not that reaffirmation was needed, but Howard IS THE greatest interviewer!
Who had the bright idea to hold #ALA10 in a 100 degree swamp? Librarians don't keep well in the heat. Cardigans will spontaneously combust.
shoulda put gilbert in the game!! Give a nigga a chance!
The Vow was based on a true story! Omg but it was cute.
is waiting for 's concession text but it's not over yet!
I dont have any at all now sir... sorry... if i did i would!
I call bullshit Ref!!!!!!
My 3-year old just noticed a Maltese cross in an icon in my twitter feed. "Look, it's from a fire station!" That kid doesn't miss much.
What is the longest bike ride you have ever gone on? What was the best and the worst part?
bachelorette>>> homework #priorities😊
Congrats, Jen! RT As of May 14, I'll be joining as a senior editor to help launch their Chicago site. :)
we can help with that. It just takes a little practice go get used to the ipad keyboard
I hate wearing my retainers ):
Roy was AWFUL in Dallas so the thought of him being an "upgrade" is both sad for the current state of our WR corps and...
Retweet if u follow back
Tomb Raider 1&2 all time favs as well..nice to meet u.
The Hunger Games is trending! I just finished the books and absolutely loved them!!
#smfh how crazy is this girl for real.. im sorry i didn't know aswering every txt u send even when im busy means im ignoring u
I could've used a little more cowbell.
Team Odysseus making it out to Coachella Weekend 2!!!
Thank you for the mention.
It is now up to to move forward and show the leadership it has always shown. Time for us old timers to step up
STFU. K. COOL. BYE.
god justin bieber is too funny LMFAO!
Fill in the blanks. My favorite .... At thanksgiving is...... Because.....
M83 tonight! Can't wait!
sweet! Send 'em
Solitary Man ... no crowd surfers yet.
Smith: Blathering about urban renewal without saying anything. Now I know why he's not getting much time.
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Me and chris have the same birthday :)
I haven't had my daily dose of Rachel in like 2 days!
I gave the remote to Zoey. She looked well. and I are on the road. It was a pleasure guys
MT Mexico’s Tequila regulatory body says US surpassed MX as main Tequila consumer in the world in 2011, measured by volume
Exploiting someone's personal financial issues & insinuating that it negatively impacts their onfield legacy? TODAY at 10AM
RT ": Careful, girls, fat guys just want to get into your pantries" holy shit this is golden
This needs to be the last night I stay up past two.
no way!! What part?
Kind of shocked the Esquire has BOY right now. I really enjoyed that one.
Why does our pussy hair grow faster then the hair on our head? If it did go at that rate I'd have long Pocahontas hair!
Baxter you know I don't speak Spanish! Fitting though since we're hitting the Mission: Shotwell's at 9! cc
Need info. on #Austin Bice, the #SDSU student gone missing in Spain... if anyone knew him from school, family, etc. tweet me
Running low on milk, so snuck a splash or three of Rumchata on to my Raisin Bran. Your days are numbered, 1%.
also commissioners can reverse pending trades if players get injured
u missed 420 on FB I looked for U #toohigh for these tweet twats. I def miss u too! When do u work? Ill come to your side
Rick James... Supa Freak.
needs to stop walking around the ilab n do some work
I wish i had magic powers. I would make food appear
did the bible really have 4 as a replacement of for. These bible translators are getting lazy.
“: you're such a babe”
#prom was the best!!
But if you never try, you will never know.
just followed ya!
#nercomp Cost, accessibility, usability, effectiveness for tools for udl
Small to medium business, Vega Communications is offering 10% off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb. 1.
Stop by and register to win a free Rad1 digital x-ray system at WVC 2012 in Las Vegas! We will be at booth 777 from 2/19 - 2/23!
Made it through the graduation w/out tears although I cried all day
I refuse to follow
Thank you:)!
...frankly, i think bloopers and outtakes and commentary will be the best part!
On my way to phoenix for a couple days..forecast is 75 and sunny. Oh yeah, enjoy that 50 degree Wednesday, Chicago.I'll bring ya back a tan.
what does one make with 2 fennel bulbs, 1 ridged gourd, 1 bottle (upo) gourd, a bunch of basil, garlic and 1/2 pound of shrimp?
Might have to repaint my room. They say being surrounded by dark colors will cause depression. Starting to feel it.
MY RUDOLF PIMPLE HURTS SO BAD.
I want to lose five pounds for summer! 
I feel like guys are only attracted me when I'm blonde. But I've only had sex as a brunette.
Sitting in a conference session with a paper cut. Can't slip out--wearing a bright blue shirt and 3 in heels #Sasquach :( I wish I was 5'2"
Cracking me up as usual! Can't wait to meet u IRL. BTW we r bringing appetizers. Check ur email :)
Awesome services!
Perfect! I'll power nap on the plane
black or something silver
lmao, sounds like a plan 👌😂
I love you too :)
Of course you can - be my guest! All the best for Christmas and New Year!
wow "michael phelps how big was your bong rip before your lap?" cool things radio is off the hook haha
Yep, then I am already a part of the Yay Life tribe! Even signed up for newsletter so I can get more yummy smiles. Go me!
Hiccups is my body's retaliation for me having offended it in some way.
1st time running in 3 weeks, wow that was rough! Gr8 to get back out there though. Torrey Pines Beach was beautiful as usual- 70 degrees ;)
take a pic
I work out.
Last stats lecture. It's been a ride.
god i wanna lick you!
Are they going to blame Messi for this one?
lol. I know I did.
But if he disowns , he'll only have one rock star left!
#3WordsForYou let's talk now :)
this is one of the most interesting basketball seasons ever..
Learn how to convert the negative power of pressure into the positive power of perserverance.
Did #BGC8 make u gag??? Ha I almost threw up watching that umpa lumpa Gia
AP government super study seshhh at Starbucks with my girls!
ON THE RADIO... OH OH OH
Welcome to the Foster.ly directory, Your listing has been approved.
i may or may not be home :/ but youre more than welcome to if you want.
have a great hump day!!
Looking forward to the game at 5pm PST!!
“: Makes me think of Minus The Bear meets Head Automatica & Facing New York! Very impressed..." Kimbra knows Facing New York?!?
In honor of President's Day, did you know that every U.S. President has stayed in our Presidential Suite?
You're welcome love your work, thanks for the shout out!
Thursday night at 8pm Est
who fucks wit lil b? Nigga gets no luv from my city
Gotta work all week
Mt Vernon Sq looks sharp with all the beds mulched and the flowers coming into boom!
Life is hard but with God's love it makes everything better. Life is short, so have fun work hard n live right WITH GOD!
my goodness I'm going to murder that boy
The trends were seeing abt #socent is that is starting to see more #collaboration !
Holiday tip: if you're having people over for a small party, you aren't obliged to serve the same meal we've been eating since the 50s.
burned 200 calories doing 35 minutes of "Strength training (weight lifting, weight training)"
We even extend our services to care for patients suffering from #Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of age-related dementia
prolly after this series
Another day another dollar
Food Truck Stops: October 19
John Elway just proved he can be an #NFL exec and knows what it takes to win a SB. He ignored "Tebowmania" and the fans uneducated opinion.
nice egg picture. its hot
as long as gabbert and locker are starting qb's in your division...colts gauranteed at least 2 wins.
Join Our Face Book Page To Get Updates and Specials.......... www.KingOfFitteds.com
God blake Griffen. Somehow I think your hot
I try to think in terms of breaking my own stuff into smaller tasks. But bigger-picture thinking feels harder to do...
That's probably what I would do if I were you. And no way! Add me, I have one. :o
We just nosy righty???
u need to become famous and do something bout it if u rly wanna give the message out there
Has anyone sang "Make You Feel My Love" Adele version yet? I believe you can do a beautiful rendition of this song.
“: If John Beck is even half the man Grossman is, he's still going to throw way too many interceptions.”
Omg! love !! so happy right now!:)
Best Buy unable to fulfill some holiday orders. Have you had an issue? Pls email .
that was beautiful. thank you. I wish I could follow you x2.
don't text your girlfriend your breaking up with her guy....it's a douche move
scrapple is not just for old people, ya know!?!? *<||;-)
I'm in! And kitty is fed which is of course most important thing.
I love Everything Is Sound<3
biotch..... I have a bruise from yesterday!! Thanks a lot... haha >:I
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u all :**
It's been a while but Roman Polanski is back. Somebody's 'bout to get diamondize.
i wish it was spring already.,..four more weeks until my sixteenth birthday:)
Trying to live the questions.
starting oxyelite pro tomorrow =]
ain't you a sweetie?!? :) BBN loves you and feels blessed by the choice you made too!
Brewing beer, drinking beer & eating food on a patio on a gorgeous night. Amazing.
At least they haven't changed the Lombardi trophy.
Good Morning everyone and Happy Sunday ;)
So I'll have the text completed in 4 weeks :)
we never gave up n never will. will always be n our hearts. U made it to our soul. Always a bh 4 life! Got it? Loveu
House of Pain private show !
Great midnight screening of ID4 (or, as I am now calling it, "John Casey: Alien Fighter)
I promise I got a couple
Thank you!!!
What would you do if you ran into carrying a suitcase full of mac & cheese?
Glisten/Listen
I'm only happy when it rains.
Hi all, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek! Excited to see at the helm tonight!
Chiharu Shiota creates some of the most heavenly installation art of our time.
What a a great birthday present from
With our UPass special, even starving students can eat! Just $5.95 for a one topping pizza and 16 oz drink w/your UPass.
Hello need too win . Mitt
oh ok
Will be thinking DaDaism. You know you want to as well.
Rob Gronkowski...is this really news....no but neither is 90% of the crap the media puts in our face daily
thanks for the follow! great store
I would!! but im on following limit. as soon as i get off i will follow you :) xox
Know of anyone in the Charlotte area looking for a relaxed work environment? We're now hiring Sales Representatives and Software developers.
#legalmarketing tip for the day: When sending an invitation to someone to "link in" with you, CUSTOMIZE it. Remind them how they know you.
Owning a vehicle is not just a + its a must
not u, Nic - 100 percent terrible ref calls.
Just to clarify, that price is after tax AND delivery fee!
hey dude really? I did not know ur friends harassed? I have the right 2 share my opinions just like you do.
thank u! ...And thanks for the follow back.:)
Oh I figured lmao.. but yeahh I work at Golden Coral now -_- I hate that shit already but I need that Money lol
Will this rain ever stop??? At least make it cold enough to snow! I need to shred
Incidentally, my #followback is 100% & have even earned the #instantfollowbackgradea stamp from instantfollowback.com :) :)
On the set as a stand-in. Very interesting. Can't wait to be the one actually playing a role! But I'm grateful for the job!
Remind Arian and his cool hat that Sizzle, Ray and company are ready to hold him to 47 yards rushing Sunday!
#Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Children's Way: how to prevent
#WeWontWork if you cheat & lie
what do you think of "core" games on the iOS? I think the iOS already has its version of core
Prayers & condolences to the family of one of the 's greatest linebackers to ever play the game.. #JuniorSeau .... R.I.P.
In first block, priscilla's making me a fishtail braid :3
Going to sandfest in the killer oregon dunes
way too nervous to even talk to hm
Having sweet yea out of a mason jar and playing The Sims 2. Awesome. :)
RT #GP4 IS COMING UP!!!!!! AH 12.3.2011 THEM #EVIL WITH THE END OF THE YEAR PARTY!!!
Hehe! Wonder what the money on Capello taking over at Liverpool is? ;-)
Just smashed a dance team comp. studio team > school team.
...and pistols pounded flat to avoid the probing finger of prurient ballistic experts.
#FF to support a wonderful and worthwhile cause-pairing service dogs with military veterans.
SFers: #jazz tonight at Pier 23 on the bay with me, Ollie Dudek on bass & Bryan Bowman on drums, 6-9. Will my chops hold up? COME FIND OUT!
are AWESOME! Nuf said
I think I wanna go bak natural
When my boyfriend let's me jam to 1D in his car>>>>>
I should have learned spanish...
Home finally amazing
Get into it Las Vegas. RT come on down to tonight.@ 9pm for
Hehe, great minds think alike! :D
You definitely need to go to next year it was a blast, you can always catch a mini maker faire!!
Terrific visits through Crittenden and Caldwell counties...big crowd for lunch at the home of great friends Judge and Mrs Tommy Chandler.
Midlakes Basketball: Double sessions ended tonight. Incredible intensity in the gym for 3 days...it's what we expect.
Wish I were there. If we can help any of your projects, in any way, let us know.
why the hell did Moreno celebrate? It's like the buffs rushing the field. Think Dan hawk and mcd r buddies?
Just read lines for & won't be quitting my job as a writer any time soon. I'm leaving the acting to you.
you are so beautiful and I am and always will be a fan of yours!! :D <3
bummer.... Let me know what you think, did you know the lighter the roast the stronger the coffee
My car is in the shop - time for a timing belt and water pump replacement. I knew about this & saved up for it. Hope they get done today.
Lol someone hit the electric pole right in front of my subdivision... Half of O'fallon has no power... At least its not my side.
Just discovered a new app (for all smartphones) called 'Whatsapp' for FREE SMS texting anywhere in the world! Cost $0.99 only! Check it out.
Food picture posting marathon!
Come visit our Umami booth on Sunday 11am-7pm at the Willy Street Fair! We'll have pork buns and dumplings. Pls RT!
congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become Dr. Ben. Off to the post-defense reception momentarily!
Wealth is finding love in yourself... finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
watch after credits on iron man and Capt amer
Jeopardy is the only thing on :(
vally or city side
A very successful day of skiing
Brother & I are comparing "the worst functional spec I ever got from a client" before Passover dinner.
Dodgeball game tonight with the #DodgeballWives with their #rainbow colors!
no I'm not your cuz'n
it's very nice out.
The lunch specials at Thai Cuisine II are unreal.
my aunt will tear down the house if kentucky wins, sucks bein surrounded by ky fans. haha.
Was because his coach said he would give him a chance and back him for one more season.
so did her fat thighs and tramp stamp
I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation--F.S. Osgood
So I am supposed to have a meeting with a music producer and then my phone wont turn on smh, this is ridic!
Wana club tonight ..
Not a fan of google when they remove the search bar at the bottom of the page of results and only have it at the top
#GOKINGSGO Absolutely love watching and rooting for LA at a sports bar with This team is taking the #NHL by storm!!
Watching #Chopped, one Chef's take on the 4 mystery ingredients: "My strategy is to just start cooking all 4 things." That took some guts.
My 16th birthday has always been something I dreamed about...
he break the news to the team yet?
i lie awake just to convince myself this wasnt just a dream
#WhenItGetsAwkward and you pull out your phone lmao
he did wat
Ty for the s/o's Vlad! TGIF, and cheers.:)
Sketching my country girl anime[tion] x)
Great #NCSL conference with #umwleads..now back to reality. And 3 exams.
Space tonight with
Is it terrible that I'm 30 and I still look at some people and think,"I wanna shake the shit outta you, betch!"??? Gah! Phony hoes...
clearly southwest Chuy texted me from a plane to complain about leg room. How close can those seats be? He doesn't need much
Big diamond theft ring busted.. find out what brought down the crooks' house of cards in about 4 minutes. KGW!!!
So of #Ravens reach Super Bowl, it'll be Harbaugh Bowl or SB XXXV rematch. Cool but big if.
I live next to the mall
Kia glue cake swag
Good Morning
Four Seasons Resort Vail announces new team members
You can"t be a #basicbitch or a #bitterbitch following or because yo feelings well get hurt daily
Good day with my wife so far life groups start soon
Chill mode the day is going by rather smooth I must say
Start the school year out on a good foot- treat your tots to some new kicks courtesy of JeanTherapy kids!
You are not alone cousin. I also do not know what an Oxford comma is.
OMG they're in love OF COURSE
Metta world peace is crazy ass hell
Do you know what happened when abortion was illegalized people performed illegal abortions w/ no medical degree lots died
wow just found out that a human&beast where kissing each other...do they know that beastiality is wrong
i would but i dont know where any r:)
can you open a feedback thread so we can follow up?
Watching Polar Express with the wife and kidlets. Fun movie, but the faces of the chracters creep me out.
Superman, do you really even exist?
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Thanks for the follow ! Great game today.
All dressed! Heading over 2 Sundance 4 the big premiere of the film PRICE CHECK. Looking forward to hanging out w/
": hope you ready boo"u know I am :)
I hav literally watched my life flash before my eyes 3 times today 8/ I think I just made a record
Thanks much for the follow, Tammy.
i just like to know what im capable of. and if its something im proud of, yep, im human, i want to tell the world! : )
Sutton: still hard for society publishers to move to OA because so much of income tied to subscriptions.
My birthday is in 10 days and it would be the best birthday of my life if u would follow me :) I would never forget it
#DYK? TGI delivers creative #integratedmarketing support services to #Fortune500 leaders using print media & latest multimedia technologies.
I don't think it's funny :B
That boi is HELLA lyrical.. He be spittin some deep a** metaphors that a average minded person would never get! Realtalk!
Romans 4:8 KJV Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Please let me know your thoughts on the DAM_SCOUT app. It's an on-going project so opportunity to improve.
is Delicious your social bookmarking site of preference, if not, what is? and does it replace all your local bookmarks?
I want to travel somewhere during the summer.
The Dr. Oz show always seems like an infomercial… anyone else think the same??
Working with kids is rough man... I'm patient but not very entertaining.
Peanut butter and jelly swirled in one jar was a phenomenal idea. I dedicate this status to the individual behind that initial movement.
I know we don't really talk, but I hope you're okay. I'm sorry you went through that. :(
Dr's appointment in a week. Pretty much just have to drive over there to be sent for an MRI to see if I have a ruptured disk
nite!! :) sweet dreams!!
Take a look around. Tears from they eyes, knees on the ground. Money in the sky, take a look around.
We love CXWORX too! Definitely a good all-over toning class. No doubt you will look great for your wedding!
www.inventorymagazine.com - A Curation of Ideas in Product, Craft & Culture ... beautiful!
Not the first time, won't be the last.
I start (and end) each day telling Jesus how much I love Him, and reflecting on how much He loves me. Makes the day so much more meaningful.
RT : Be sure to
I'm a personal trainer & engineer! I'm what ever I want to be due to the sciences, especially math and physics! Go boy!
Be still my heart: Maybe, just maybe, my wife & I will actually have a mini-date tonight, away from the homestead and yung'un. WOOT
#Walker city racist, left it deeper in debt, now paying more interest | Best cared for #MKE,:by Barrett | Recall
what means ultimate? there is no one win them all thing, social media should be used together with traditional marketing
#Dodgers take the lead 2-1 over the #brewers in the top of the 5th.
can you try logging in now please?
sucks so bad! Hate that! Sorry you are dealing with that :-)
Time to stock up on promo materials. About to go on a binge... at least most of its free! (except s&h)
New Beth Moore series I am listening to, the passion and love she has, is amazing. My is is part of my was, AMEN!!
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!! Please! You do my speech and me a favor
Erase it! Gotta move on!
Slowly but surely getting pissed the fuck off
Chanting "you can't beat us" at the Ed of a game isn't good enough. Grow a pair and chant it at the start of games.
The Big House cuz a dose of reality once and awhile never hurt anyone
No, I was there around 5. But most chefs didn't have food ready then.
we have to label the weird things you boys do, to make gossiping easier. duh
Finna go home and eat , Shoot !
trying to figure out skype or whatever the f its called
You free for a news interview now?
LOL it must be a Mediterranéeeen thing
RT : Name that tune: "Like a phoenix baby I'll survive & blaze the sky now that you're out of my life" <-takn a guess: moving on?
They’ll probably never do business with you, and they won’t refer you any new clients or customers
Signs you are a #theaterperson: feeling inordinately excited about prospect of seeing a 3:45 production of an 80 year old play.
motherhood is a primal experience, isn't it? More love than u could have ever imagined. Congratulations! Expecting, myself!
boo! Missed this. Did you get chicken & waffles? We're they everything you've ever dreamed of?
Aw damn, Frank Ocean>>>
where can I find more info about this? As a pet mom, I think this idea has a lot of potential
They took the scaffolding down on our corner and now we've lost our visual landmark for the turn onto our street.
Katniss Everdeen's Leather Hunting Boots Can Now Be Yours! - Ology
Hey go follow she follow back,!
Production meeting over, editors marching away to plan for next week. Designers still plugging away. Pages by 9pm? We can hope.
Happy Birthday to owner Pierto! Can’t wait to celebrate it at the after party for our show Tomorrow!
Yeah Pierce is in bad shape. That 3 he hit was a miracle.
You know it. Well, what better place than Chicago?
You're in LA? I'm coming down there soon! Ah!! So exciting!
Soo freaking sleepy. I had a good day yesterday.
and Nneka tomorrow!
Join the Portland #PDX Social Network and Share Events at www.Facebook.com/ThingsToDoinPortland - Your place to promote local events!
is kicking off #nutrition week w/ friends. Follow #5thbday conversation to learn how solving hunger begins w/ nutrition.
This new album from is going to blow everyone's mind. It's so refreshing to hear a voice like his over a beat so perfect.
ps: bring a pillow. (:
RT : "Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?" ~Rumi
that's pretty funny. Good riddance
I got u, now following
But, how do you measure? Examples. : There is a lot we can measure.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling.” u guys :)
Honor someone today who has impacted your life. A phone call, personal card, lunch...it doesn't how you do it as much as you doing it.
Working hard on tunes to be sure you are workin' it on the dance floor. Thank you so much for your support :-)
now im in Geomerty again lol but im a TA so i get to nothing AGAIN!
Yikes! Well all you can do is have that confidence and move onto the next!
I waited on the bourbon and eggnog cafe but I am having me some tonight. Hope you are well I miss talking to you on Twitter
Thank you for being an inspiration!!!
Sweet! Well hopefully I'll be around :)
Their Is A Difference Between A Break And A Break Up.
Uh-o, the suns about to come up. Like James Brown says, "I can't do no mo', I can't go on." - Back to my coffin.
I burned myself on the neck by the curling iron & now it's pinkish purple and my mom thought it was a hickey and she got mad…
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work. It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years. ~Jacques Barzun
Lets get it started!
practiced those DLC songs like Milkshake?! Now that's dedication!
The awkward moment when the GPS tells a gay guy to go straight.
Is it me or Is it weird to post a pic of your kid at the dentist, mouth wide open in the chair. How about a little privacy for your child.
She's in the trunk of my old car, where nobody will hear her assault on music again.
usually just a normal day for me :-)
Ran into a former colleague at a client's daily stand-up. What a small #agile world!
Agreed. Beastie Boys were one of the few urban acts, black or white, to stay true to the hip hop style of rap.
This is gunna be a bullshit free summer
Damn its like if you have a shitty life, you wake up every morning and its still shitty! take me back to the good life!!
Finna smash a couple pancakes tho.
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clarke
OH YEEESSSS MY BBY FAVORITED MY TWEET. THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU'RE HOT ☺
“: Females are the most sneakiest unloyal creatures on planet earth !” lmao and nikkas ain't shit
3 hours until I'm inducted into . I've always had a Groucho Marx approach to groups, but an "Honor Society"? I feel so smart.
LOL Just impressed that you have literate children. So many WBC seem to have spelling and grammar issues...
#NowWithAlex would only finish selling America off as he did with Co., he overtook!
Anyone know how Atlanta got in the playoffs? What a joke lol
HDR camera app does that
I will retweet your tweet if you retweet one of mine!
RT : Thanksgiving fun: send a vegetarian to do the pickup at the honey-baked ham shop. Then ask what it smelled like.
Qaddafi was killed by a predator missle. Having played MW2 and targeted by every one of those an opponent ever launched, I feel his pain.
And they pick a terrible 28 yr old QB at that...
Wild N Out could never get old
no prob glad it was of use
Work hard, dont stop, think about it, just keep doin what you do best....
"No more country concert, lets go to space instead," need food asap
that's the attitude I like to say this but I feel I will someday ...♥ C:
I feel like a clandestine country girl when hosted at fancy restaurants.:)
lol I saw you in that Miller Commercial. I'm like "Whoah... Is that.. Holy fuck that's Jason." 'Grats on teh fame. -Ward
Feature story: Assembling art
it's all about Nightwolf with that alternate costume RT liu kang's fucking fight sounds piss me off.
what up
This is a future model of democracy tilting its laws and policies towards conspicuous consumption without challenge.
Ignorance is NOT bliss. Learn more about the signs of child abuse and neglect so you can help proactively report it
Throwing money in the air like I don't really care... yeah, standing on the chair like I don't really care
Thanks for the reminder! Just uploaded to our ChoirPlace profile!
word of the day: milksop
happy birthday! &I just got doctor stalker and yes I can as ringtones on my phone! I am just saying (: haha
Thx! RT : Mentioned your series in a post on voice in fiction. Hannah's voice is completely her own!...
feeling a lot better emotionally and cognitively after a good long run
Pokemon Black is super fun!!!!
Be sure to come out and check us out at booth 1013 at the tomorrow! We will be showing some demos and giving away a free iPad!
Sigh of relief at seeing my grades...my attendance has been spotty so I was worried. Not the absolute best but not flunking or making Ds.
the small group case discussion sessions are starting now. everyone is a little nervous because this is a tough group to work with.
I love u darling:-)
i have three separate to do lists on my desk right now, and nothing overlaps on any of them. one is even titled "life to dos."
good news! There will be an even number of students for paired programming as I am also sick today :/
I think there's a recruit who is deciding between WI and ISU. If Uthoff goes to ISU, the recruit might too.
in every direction there's smoke, and you're speaking of homes
get them good tonight. Kill the dirty birds
It's SO cold 😨
Sounds like fun times!!!
I miss ya Mama Bear! I need my bestie! Hope to come up soon.
thnks x the follow
Taking a break at work, what's good twitted?
See the TGA Program for kids or loved ones that are traveling any where in the World.
Can't wait to get home
I remember I always took snacks to school, that's why I had big purses:p
You were a child rapper?
I cannot for the life of me comprehend why men have more advice for girls/women than for boys/men. Direct your traffic, stay out of our lane
you will never be "former" anchor as far as I'm concerned. Wait... that sounds weird. Uh... Want to play golf soon?
yeah... it was lots of fun despite the studying :-)
heimlich maneuver to purple men
Glad can remind me why I never fly them anymore
Feeling well rested this morning. Nice to have a night off to stay at home.
A real relationship has: fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy, and love
wow are you serious ? thats crazy
I dislike cats .
Thanks for the follow!
how many of my seattle peeps like the music of Rush? They're playing the Key Arena in November. interested?
austin gettin sexier? i dont think it is possible he's already unbelievably sexy i think id die if he got sexier
are u sure he doesnt..?
Never Hire a Social Media “Expert” Expecting Results Normally, I cruise around to links my friends share with me and various topics spark a
sand island beach park
Feel... do not fight the
Now I want beer & pretzels. Got so distracted I didn't even finish reading your tweet.
god bles me man
I thank you for sharing the list of geek gifts. My wallet does not. bit.ly/tZhsib
I haven't. I didn't know one existed. I will check that out! Thanks.
FBCD breakout alert!!! Green days till at least the end of the month!!! GLTA FBCD!!!
up at oakbrook park in menomonee falls
Indeed, those are two things I am always ready for. Giddy up!
Ditto. RT : Good morning Coffee. I love you.
no one said you weren't supposed to.
I'd love to find a job via How cool? No cover letters/resume. Just "Hey... We're looking for an online marketer. Interested?"
love her
RT": With courage greater than your fear, jump into the unknown and you will fly. -Cyndy Brown #inspirational #SWAGG"
I get home from work and my daddy said it must've got hot today cause you smell almost like your brother. In others words: you stink.
i'm so done with boys from my school, my boyfriends are , and <3
is watching High School Musical in class. No, not kidding. Let's not tell mommy this is what her 15k a year is paying for.
that scarf is pretty bad-ass!
Digital publishing will use data not only to drive engagement but also to determine what content to publish - The future of 2.0 data.
We can send it to you in the UK via amazon. Email your addy 2 . We'll see how much shipping will be for you.
I met BBop on Craigslist.
I'm super tired, I am going to sleep.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she aint keeping her foot game right this summer...looking like she be laying bricks with her feet
sent you a reply on FB. Please just respond on there. Thanks.
Ringz.TV Users: Are you downloading either Viddy or Socialcam?
Especially, do not eat a drippy cone when you are driving a stickshift.
RT : dibs in 6 months!/you got it
Explain why
900 an day light this sucks
'expediate' -- to travel or to make a process easier? (#PBSnewshour #newwords #bloopers)
gracias mi google translate haha. Pinto is an icon in the old school music scene in Boise. He was more famous in Europe!
GREY'S TIME!:D
#KTF! Happy Friday!!!
everytime i hear Boyfriend on the radio I get hyper as fuck lol cant wait for the video. i love u
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
Phillip Phillips is phenomenal!
omg how you know ?D:
as much as possible - it's hard but worth the trouble. I didn't try har enough in Minneapolis - feel like i need 2 return
good morning
Good job, Philly!
Bye Bye Now is a nice short juxtaposition to #connectedthefilm don't pass if up if you have a chance at one of the festivals
It's a beautiful day for a blow-job
$15M wa, Negative ads wa, $15M wa, Est.$wa, Romney's mean wa, $15M wa... $15M wa #Newt strategy
#sea If you had your own talk show, who would your first three guests be?
If your favorite music celebrity suddenly shows up on the red carpet in a see-thru dress, chances are, record sells are low.
Can't wait for BC Hockey next year
meeh!(: do you?
foster the people...they have that one song, pumped up kicks...might recognize it if you heard it
Btw I haven't been able to say it yet, but HAPPY...late...BIRTHDAY !!!
RT : Crepes w/ fresh strawberries. (Crepes- Water, egg, flour, sugar. Sliced berries w/ some sugar.) #mothersday!
I wimped out and didn't make the deviled eggs to take to dinner later. Now I regret it. Hungry.
Superbowl time is happy time! I've always loved football parties!
What does it say along the top?
is wondering if she and El caught the same cold.
I CANT WAIT FOR THE VMA'S.... LOL.
If I seize control of the LA FWY, I can force every head of state to surrender.
Happy Monday! Looking for something good for lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef for $8.50!
Making the turn at +1. Haven't practiced but for playing a few times this year.
Just finished a documentary on a tribe called quest. Not really sure how I feel about.
When is Say Somethin going to be on Itunes????(:
Wouldn't it be cool for the #Bills to get Jeffery so he could go up against Gilmore in practice?
text me, yeah bro?
Checking out FC Dallas tomorrow night in Frisco. Should be a great match against New England
Whips+chains=slavery... Whips+chains+MONEY=free
Thrilled to have Winestyles Montclair as a company team in the Race for Hope DC! Thanks for your support.
thanks ! I appreciate it
#orphans8 Interesting how both the Philly film collective + the LA Rebellion filmmakers understood films they made in opposition to H'wood
enjoy! We LOVE rock climbing!
On any other day I would complain about loud construction. Today I wonder if there's a march going by.
TOMORROW: Butterscotch Baby will b vending @ Milwaukee Public Market 10-3pm located on the second floor atrium.
Oh vomit drafts, such a nasty aftertaste until you clean up.
Most things got said. A personal beef: moderates self-congratulating themselves in general (not NF or re NF). [+]
let's show dallas the only Football played in Texas is Cowboys
-Focus on approach goals. Avoidance goals are too negative, makes teams play
Niall would never date me... D: 'Cause I don't like fried chicken...
anytime! Have a great day ;)
Thank you!
OG Just Called Me.!
FAIL = (F)irst (A)ttempt (I)n (L)earning
Last Laptop Repair in #Pittsburgh: Replace entire HP Pavilion DV9000 LCD Assembly and hinges, Plus Wipe computer of Viruses and Malware
It's ok to #wakeandbake if I do the dirty breakfast dishes after.
thank you #Pandora for knowing exactly what to say when...
that's fun what did you eat? Lol
for sure man ill def check em out
the password used to be gator68 but now its change and i have no fucking clue what it is god danm parents
once the story took root in my mind I never really noticed the 3D anymore either...
This #supermoon is overrated.
how you can wake up so quickly? omg :O
:) RT : #ff Some great live music supporters
This Orange Juice Taste Like Ew Somethin' That's Not Orange Juice
The truck will be Fri & Sat for the challenge weekend activities. Swing by & support
yuck none by me...even on Cinco De Mayo no me gusta Guacamole.... lol
hockey season. go
Great season man! I just got a signed jersey of urs from a friend & it made me think, could I possibly send u an 8x10 and...
Its friday! Holy shit... :D
Damn, thats real
Unreal show
Awesome #Bulls game!!! Congrats to #JohnLucas the MVP.
oh did you just woke up or something?
;; I'm being attacked by a maltese !
You mean that there were "Nonconformist" in Wales...can't imagine that.
let's do #herbivore. If anyone knows dietary restrictions, it's me. I've been wanting to try
you were a beautiful zombie! Think I'm gonna zombie next year.
BTW finally jumped on echofon, too many glitches in the official twitter app -_-
s'ok ... glad you met so many people ... I'll check in with them
Good grief
Need a little pep before the big game? Why not stop by Mocha's and gear up with our Cookies & Cream Blast?
oh I like yo
I'm seeing pictures of the new Man Utd jerseys on my TL . Has someone from The Bay City Rollers designed these ? #TartanReally?
Im working a double tomorrow.. Kinda forgot how it feels to work one.. But i know my check is fina catch that BANK :-P
Exploring the natural mystics for the sequel, "Cherry Gardens."
come over tomorrow dude
Still 1 - 0? I had tickets but we didn't go.
I love reading everyone's tweets/statuses about prom! I hope everyone likes what we did this year!
If you are an artist and for a place to record StarBoy is where it's at.
One should ideally visit their ophthalmologist once a year, but if there is a problem with your eyes, visit sooner!
glad to help lead discussion on Gallaudet student involvement in Ward 5 community.
I'm psyched! Pull off the upset, Green Bay!
So now that the three day weekend is over, what's the #LTDArmy up to the rest of the week?
Is a sock-making machine! Two pair knit in a month & I'm halfway through sock 1 of another pair!
glad you are making money its all about information and you know the Vault on information I have #MLB #NBA tonight
On a more entertaining note I wish I could let this stripper know how dumb she is but she's feelin the homie. Smh
Publish your Mags,Catalogs and ,Brochures on iPad,get your iPad app done - let us know at
Where's the poor people section in whole foods?
I'm tired of giving S/O's but if u follow me I will list u
The sea, and the frsh air are a healthy combination. Do you also practice healthy eating. I love green tea. Do you drink it?
About to go head out & go promote
Back in the saddle again...
Manchester United News: Gary Neville praises Hodgson&#39;s ...
yep you can still get general, pref is sold out.
RT Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. John Lennon
ha how fun would that be!!? Hopefully soon :)
#3WordsForYou I trust Jesus
Enjoy the harbor cruise, BU seniors!
I can't sleep, because it's too hot. But I have to have my blankets.
That Q is very relevant to a lot of news stories out there today. What are your thoughts?
Writing may be some sort of weird offshoot of Stockholm syndrome.
Somebody txt me im bored is fu..
If interested (www.orbooks.com/our-books/wikileaks) send auditions to MUST HAVE AUDIOBOOK NARRATION EXPERIENCE!
Happy Monday ppl. Ima start this week of right.....
RT : #ISTE12 Accept/Regret notices are going out for the ISTE2012 conference today!
RT : Big meeting/audition this week? Plan something fun for right afterwards. It'll bring life and perspective to the meeting.
Today's special is Elvis Pancakes! Try something new-peanut butter, banana, and bacon. So bad, but so so good, just like the King!
Man we might've just found a dream apt
my tennis coach decided to run the kids clinic from 12-3 because she thought it would be too cold in the morning :O I'm gonna melt
Thx! Hopefully we just won't need it :)
I love you too babe ;)
A.05 I think I just got a shoutout from dj Craig Saper
yes! I am going to tweet the newsletter. I think that is the best way to explain it.
Girls that curl there hair ^__^
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
- Loved the #CoachellaLive feed of the James show. Still got it.
What happened to our D? #Heat need to stop playing and get some energy while defending
Band practice today w/new guitar player and drummer.
Been writing tons of new songs too :)
Great to hear you say that! Will you be at ICDC again?
Life is a trip.
Time cannot take, the faith that I will keep
We love more followers!
Something came up. I have a teleconference this evening with co-workers in India about a server move. I catch you another time.
You know it. It's the closest thing to a vacation I might have all summer.
Mad respect and His towel, but damn I hope the niners bring down my doppelgänger and steely mates.
What about Lola
thank you for following me and can u please RT #RN20 its for my bestfriend who took his own life please it would mean alot
All i want to do is meet the lawrence arms...
doing good 14. How about you?
Then embrace the change Darling Clark! Each turn, each bump only makes us stronger! And you www.clarkcoffey.com are amazing!
Robert K. Krick's nominee for #POTY1862... Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. Tune in to C-SPAN3 right now to hear his lecture.
you getting your skank squad together today?
you went into my classroom today in 4th period, and I wave Hi and you didn't see me ):
Apparently I ask too much of somebody who ain't ever here.
Screening Zombie Rocker @ The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today!
I'm jealous!
You don't dance to real hip hop..no snappin...no crankin....just head noddin till your neck hurts!
it's not crazy that she could be preggers,Get your foot out your mouth ,lol
LOTR return of the king extended
we'd love to talk to you about teachers using Snip.it to create a student-centered learning community.
you guys need to get the smokin hot April Macie to the Ville!
Pitching matchup at Flour Bluff is Lucas Humpal for Bluff and Zach Cruz for PL Calhoun. Ross Carter is in at 3B for Bluff, hitting 3rd.
known him since 8th grade haha lord seems forever ago. small world keeps getting smaller I swear.
#milwaukee HAPPY HOLIDAYS- UNLIKE MOST STORES WE ARE CLOSED TOMORROW TO CELEBRATE&WE ARE PROUD OF IT! LIFE OUTSIDE OF WORK IS IMPORTANT!!!
HD adoption by Hispanic TV-networks is much lower than the average across all TV networks: 36% vs. 63%.
Q:i heard yall the whip cream in agusta are yall bringin sum to macon? A: no we dont do that no more i think lol.
The Breeders , Tom Tom Club
Father: Why did you put a toad in your sister's bed? Son: I couldn't find a spider.
Looks like were going to get home in time for super bowl half time.
“ Just saw Neil from all the "Neil's Finance Plaza" funny thing my dad coached his sons in wrestling. They went to my church 2
If uncertainty is unacceptable 2U, it turns into fear. If its perfectly acceptable, it turns in2 increased aliveness, alertness &creativity
Austin Rivers declared for #2012NBADraft #Blazers 10th pick? Maybe.
It's a beautiful day in Phoenix! Supposed to get up to 90 by Monday... About to go enjoy some Popeyes Chicken (and of course the biscuits)
it all started when i won a bag of candy today for selling ads... then it just went downhill
#LADYGAGA LOOK A MESS. N LL COOL J LOOK YOUNG
Jazz vs Cavs. What a game. That was a ridiculous ending
It's nothing like a good burger lol
Lol No problem! I started to ask Sean's middle name but I thought better of it... (It MUST be awful, Percy or sumthin)
Really want to go see the avengers
thought they were one in the same, non?
Join us this Friday evening at 6 p.m. for a short family performance by Eastman School of Music students followed by a Q&A session.
“Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.” ~ Elizabeth Bowen
It's Thursday in Augusta.
At my first Dallas women in accounting event. Definitely a much different group than my political peeps.
Night everyone (:
But did he where a bowtie?
tonite's summer supper: grilled chix thighs with Mrs Dash Caribbean Citrus seasoning, grilled okra and cuke/tomato/pepper/chive salad. yum.
why the last day??? Also coming by OTR tonight?
Coming up right now, The Nun, with The Morning After Show, your little does of redemption! Helping you recover from your weekend, she...
Thank god for xanax or I'd be punching everyone out in this library
When MSW told fans JYD would need new way to feed his family, fans sent in thousands of $, mostly ones and fives
Nah. Lion's great. I was just grousing.
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
Im @ my yob i cant wate for 7am i get off
Injury accident at College and Futrall. Traffic lights are down and there's a big backup.
Finished, long day! Laura Rossi was fabulous, really talented at comedy. keep an eye out for her...
Excited and enjoy your "stuff"! :-)
RT “Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.” Scott Adams
syquest disc! wow. i think i still have one of those with my old band's first album artwork on it. in pagemaker, i think.
this is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me...
I love starbucks c:
RT Trying to fight a cold, start a new diet and a new exercise program. I need extra energy
hey Qua haven't talked 2 u n a min, kiss my nephew 4 me :)
<3 thank you !!
Ask for referrals at every meeting & you will never be lacking for #sales, #customers & #references. #leadership SeanLetwat
We've just marked down most of our merchandise! Come check out the great deals on gift items!
Back onset, taping more scenes of "The Bedwarmer"! Great way to start a new month.
depends on co-worker. Usually I just read anyway and don't notice people around me.
Am goin to T.R.U N da fall
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
Just purged my email from 65% full to 34% full.
i just passed by a street that is called ''GRANDVIEW''! :D
lol ya, just what I need another show to add to my list lol I have too many already, my DVR is full!! Lol
dad, what are you doing? IT'S SHARK WEEK.
Stock market earnings this coming week: Adobe (ADBE), Nike (NKE), Oracle (ORCL), KB Homes(KBH), Bed Bath Beyond (BY)...
I respect that dude with $100,000 putting it on Alpha. I'm not for Alpha even though that would make me wrong.
In fairness I am talking about the South Station T stop, which is indecipherable, not the train station itself.
I say " is the best BS-er ever" says "No, is the Philosophy major."
the image I just got in my head <<<< lol
#SomeoneIWantToMeet This crazy ass girl <3
Agreed. Shaq doesnt have much to offer, but #Hawks could use him at least to just move Horford to PF.
ikr! Its been way to long
God bless for another day! Motivated Mondays, let's get folks. S/O to all my followers new and old thank u so much for the support
Whoever is doing this spam shit needs their ASS BEATEN F OFF U TWIT!!!
yeah my bad forgot to mention you
I think she should run and let Mittens stay home with the kids.
Alright, time for more #CatchingFire. Gotta see how Katniss deals...
I going to DC for vacation so I will be using my Amex card out of state. Do I need to notify Amex so fraud is not suspect?
Installing a new 1tb HD in my MacBook to replace the old 80gb one. Stressful but hopefully totally worth it.
I usually have to wake up at like 6:30 for school but tonight i'm free and I'm gonna cuddle into my snuggie and relax!
"Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy lay beats/Hova flow the Holy Ghost/ Get the hell up out ya seats"
still on tumblr and its almost 1am....
#NewportOR Tomorrow (Saturday) Night, party to the sounds of at The Hottest Club on the
I'm the same way, but I'm still hopeful....dammit. :)
Worst pain right now smh
Remember: The Gourmè Mist bottle is PET plastic, is 100% recyclable, and does NOT contain plasticizers that will affect the oil or vinegar.
I really like that, thanks for sharing.
thats' okay. I love all 3 of mine like ...amazing amounts....they are part of the family
Let's see how long I can procrastinate on homework until I get that "Oh, shit, I'm going to fail" moment.
together we will face the fear.
dr. wont clear me 4 surgery due to asthma and copd. so i c specialist in am to get test done to c if i can b cleared for surgery on tues.
To much of nothing is to much for me!
187 on an undercover cop
right....complaining gets you nowhere....it's 85 degrees in chicago and I just ran 3 miles!
just keep doing what you doing and bet ill be at every show. don't let the industry kill the music.
After the Twins or NKOTBBSB 508 has the hits and hotties!!! No cover. You deserve a drink!
One thing for sure two things for certain...I got booked with three bricks back home n*** working
ahh gotcha, misunderstood! Nevertheless always good connecting! :)
49ers D was clutch.
_~!!|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Didn't sleep a wink last night.
Just listened to a great factual and true book on CD. Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter. Truly the father of the GOP.
I can't help if I'm cold and distant, my ancestors came from cold and distant places.
Great! Now everyone will want a pair.
them all I can prob find one online or
im not shore yet but im shore i can
ass ass ass ass ass ass, now make the muthfcka hammertime
thanks for the share!
This day ≠ my day.
& i like dave rice but i'm tired of the gimmicks in hoops, everywhere. play inside out basketball.64 points on 71 fgAs = unacceptable
Big double pla!
How would you feel if you were your customer?
Hope everyone had a great Easter. Hit us up on our Facebook and find out when we're play a show near YOU!! New dates up soon.
are there plans & code that would show me how to make a bGeigie? I live fairly close to San Onofre & would like to help.
Good luck in MSP Tori. Bring home some victories for us.
come to trine right now.
Guess I will hang out with my girls tonite
It a fool outside, and if its looking bad out there tommorrow, I think I might call for work, lol ( futurceo)
Thanks for following us!
I think I've figured out this #bliss thing that #hippies talk about: waking up totally not hungover after drinking all night. Am I right?
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Jesus, NO!
Off to work!
Today's my catch up on virtual school day, too, haha. :) Have fun studying!
Wish I was in Knoxville for tonight
If you're looking for North Parks best Raggae, it's happening tonight at
~9 out of 10 Hispanics have access to the Internet, when extended family, work, school and public places are included.
attacks on #ALEC are the free-market
