9/11 took place on US soil but it was a global event.Not only Americans died. We need to remember many nations lost citizens & B respectful.
so good. I thought you were going to pines.
Fiber fills you up because it expands in your stomach. Starch makes you crave more carbohydrates due to excess insulin production and dopami
My grandpa always said to do one thing and to do it well. Well, we've been making just cocktails since 1938.
I hope my school project against racism will be good ! :D
pats vs lions you heard it first
Whats wrong with my iphone? Man, this is some bull.
Braiding your hair so much that your fingers hurt <<<
Newest Bodybuilding Talk Show
I re-read The Picture of Dorian Gray every few years. I have a literary crush on Wilde.
I know. Darling takes the lead thanks to her. OMG! How is this happening AGAIN????
Need to make obesity a health issue. Not a vanity issue
Roux House tonight Baton Rouge!
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
Nothing like the fattest girl you knew in high school getting married to a cute guy to make you feel utterly single. Sigh.
I had an awesome date and time last night....could he be the one? ;)
I knew what you meant, beba. And I agree.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down......and smoke weed wit my niggas.
I am all mixed up. Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
Dude to take a leak at 10 & never came back RT : Anyone see Rory? Did he fall into Rae's Creek?
the airport sweat is one of the underrated rushes in the game
TY dear, you too! Happy holidays... <Peace>
My college team, pro team, fantasy team and suicide pool team all won this weekend.
In Miami but logged onto for gr8 sax man Jerry Weldon in time for his spectacular take on "You Can't Take That Away From Me"
jealous. Make sure you get a cocktail
you do management
In the mood for sum damn hot wings
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 c:
Is this the way its going to be all summer with this awful #brewers offense?
he dont no yet
Hong Kong -----> Shanghai
thanks, friend!
i like how ALL these haters tweet me. have nothing better to do, obviously you love Aubrey since your lookin at her
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers & private sector workers pay - Grover Norquist.
BBBAAAAAMMM SQUAD...Get wit it or kick rocks
Castro is evil. What THE HELL ELSE IS THERE TO BE SAID! Lets stop tip toeing,
Fascinating studies about how verbalizing your self-transcendent values makes you more open to health messages and behavior change
Check the Occupation Outlook Handbook? I use it for a lot of job-related research.
Thanks! I didn't realize you were admissions! Must follow. :)
My dad hates The Beatles lmao.
hello to you
They are amazing. So many good ideas, and great energy. Very excited about what they are doing for us!
Just realized I have no less than 3 Little League games to attend (for 1 kid) over the next week. That's a lot of Treasure Island.
just signed up for St pattys day race!!! See you there.
well 1 month's supply of that drug just knocked out 1/5th of my annual prescription benefit, shit!
Exhausted, everything hurts....watching the emperor's new groove (:
when the guy you like has an ugly girlfriend :(
#GenCon #Indy fans: Be sure to check your coupon book for your Chick-fil-A offer. We're in the food court of the Circle Centre Mall.
Yes. This. RT Hardest question in a relationship, "What do you feel like eating?"
Turns out my masseuse is not in a joking mood,asked for a Travolta, got a black eye instead. Lighten up Frances!
Merry Christmas Eve. We're open til 7 p.m. tonight so get your fill while you can. (We're closed Christmas day.)
Whats goin on tonight? OH YEAH THE HOMERUN DERBY. Wings and bombs all night!
i judge ppl, whatevr, but i dont like it when ppl look at others and dont know them, and they judge them on how they look.
I'm at my sister's house and I'm helping her get weather text alerts from
(c) hurt an animal omg I can't I want to fucking kill everyone who's abused animals like wtf omg can I please slice your throat and (c)
We think pink station wagons are the bees knees. Go on with your bad self.
nice trian was supposed to be up there from the other office did you see him up there
i said the same thing
I was parked on the street and decided to move my car to a parking garage.Glad I did! A tree fell exactly where my car was parked!
Thanks, that makes sense.
Because of fear, our spirit was lost. Because of arrogance, our dream was crushed.
ditto kiddo. looking at title poem to try and see if it's working graphically but not seeing it. love workshop scene tho
Thanks for following us #acting in la
Our meeting spaces aren't as conducive as they could be for #effectivevirtualmeetings particularly the large Hayden 133 space
Lolol hush you. ": The Lakers are playing like they ran out of Ensure and in need of some Activia. Come on!!"
my mom saw my twitter and it is
where is ur event in Chicago? Would love to see u and speak. I go to UIC, ill spread the word!
Adding a mid-90s comic book to my thesis. I think the only media form now missing is pure audio.
when can I get my sunglasses?? Trade you for my Glo shades.
Game time in a hour
The alchemy of conscious action is results, learning, or learning and results.
No classes today...start studying for those finals!
At the movies with my City Biddie about to watch "Think Like A Man" :)
and steady fillin' up my timeline.
I want to go back to school....
lol its Mr nasty time
#IF11 closing session: What if we invested in individuals rather than (primarily) corporations?
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
Awesome presentation by from Overheard audience member saying it was the best preso - I agree!
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without
Did any of my friends win the Mega Millions Friday night?
to answer your ? , create content that validates their purchase decision. we all want to know we made the right decision.
You can give without loving but you can never love without giving
BOUNTY Has A Twitter ...
Do you know a family member, friend, or loved one who has hurt by the mortgage crisis? We can help-www.amcaphomeloan.com
RT : More important: I need to find #HR #Running partners at the #SHRM12 conference. Best way to network. :-)
best quote that i found from intern party "i heard you can juggle on a pogo stick" from kelly v to emily haha
Dinner w/ mom & the kids
Nothing more brutal than working an 11 hour day after a nice 4 day weekend. At least I got the worst part of the week over with first!
People keep telling me about the many challenges of this economy. All I see are the many opportunites.
The only reason why I'm tweeting this is because I cannot go out to play, I'm stuck inside working. Don't worry to read or retweet.
RT : Pep Rally was awesome!! Lights on stage were Hot as HECK!!LOL
And I don't see the Nationals getting any better unless they make a trade, MIA will be in it at the end of season with ATL and PHI
The Lottery Show starts in 10 minutes!! Check out www.thelotteryshow.com and come and chat as we wait for the fun to begin!!
Multiverse theory states that somewhere right now we're all battling demons which emerged from the Clintonville Hellmouth. So quit whining.
Oh & if I lose 50 lbs, you'll be stalking me for another reason.....telling me to eat.
CONGRATS OLIVIA ON MAKING JV !!!!!!!
working out of the office today. sweet pad…
well, galaxy press (for L.Ron Hubbard's fiction) is across from us. & they have a guy w/ a lasso. natch. sorry, it's just strange.
imagine JJ walkers signature outfit... With Dangers head on it.
Miami got better. Were they going to get anyone as good as James and Bosh turning over the title run leftovers?
I heart ! Good move #FSBraves. She makes me want to watch the #Braves!
Someone was complaining to me about talk radio today. I said, "Is anyone forcing you to listen?" End of that discussion.
I love you too baby
Any quality PGs or combo guards left on UF's radar?
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive. Heinlein, Robert
can you define "cheeky" for this ignorant American?? Lol
Check out the Lagond Music School facebook page to see who won the "Rolling in the Deep at the " Competition!! It was so close!
yeah,staring... i do that big time...
Does anyone want a follow back ? :D ill do 10 ! just ask.
lololol it did that to me too hahaha it's fine.
my pleasure.
Great news! We are thrilled to have you be a part of the this year! See you soon! :)
The richest yet lightest French toast take I've had in a while Carmelized toast with yogurt ice cream and berries
I could use a few glasses of wine
thanks for these tweets, Chris. Wish I could hear it live!
RIP Steve Jobs...
RT Why the fuck do icecream vans play their music so loud? I thought I was at my house, NOT A FUCKING ROCK CONCERT.
I'm jealous!!
It's on my desk! Hahaha
Neighborhood: Los Feliz. Near Sunset & Vermont. Subway Red Line, bus 754 or 204 from USC. Bus 2/302 from West Hollywood...
no doubt
aahhhh my phone, left it at home all day. it was like losing an arm.
Hi - Good to see you lo these many years (Columbia MFA '90)
Who will love you? Who will fight? Who will fall far behind? ( at )
I have to stop blacking out on tuesday nights....
has stared at tax figures for hours and hours and wants to stop now and watch The Iron Lady on DVD.test ifttt
IT"S GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY @ RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................ Page Themes
What does it take to be your own boss? Studies show being your own boss is like being a thousand bosses. Is it worth it? What do you think?
omg ily2 and omg omg srs?? but i'll still be on tumblr
it's gonna be sick! 👍
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing her books from 10:15-11 at the Jossey-Bass booth-- we're #1112. Bring your copy or buy one here!
It's FRIDAY ... heading to workout -- last minute errands - get MaryBeth moved - pack and fly to London tomorrow!!
This is gorgeous! Where were you?
Super excited for the Golden Trumpet Awards tomorrow!
We're apparently now part of a family of ducks migratory pattern... Haven't seen them in 6 months and they were waiting at our door ; )
Who is your favorite online business?
#genomesolver #curenet discussing the difficulty of getting stds to critique their work as they have learned to do with published work
Honorary Degree Recipients Announced | The Exchange
I can't remember the last time I paid $3.55 for gas, your hashtag diffused my instant anger
Man E, next time I will know...experience taught me well lol
k cool, Nonna's ?
Well, now I'm not tired at all.. haha
Lunch feature:smoked brisket shaved thin, topped w/ caramelized onions & swiss cheese on a buttermilk biscuit. choice of side! $9
ridiculous. I haven't been there cuz I'm sick and had ap tests all week.. Did fearn email you back?
Oh you didn't wet the bed last night? Lame, try partying.
Ya.. sorry about that.
The only way Obama and the country can loose is by negative lies and an activist Supreme Court. He knows what is truly at stake. Do we? 4MY
Wise words from a wise man : If you're a bartender and you act miserable you get a miserable tip
I don't really miss one particular person. I miss the memories I had of him, and the way he made me feel.
Make your own Monday. Let us know your taste & we make a wine tasting just for you! Tuesday kicking off NEW Salad, Meatballs and Desserts!
wait til my bottoms come in next week !!!!
Can you follow me please??(:
no dont do that love :(
our heater is out. awesome.
So I met ths young man that look like a real life Golden Lord but I'm saddened that he doesn't KNOW he looks like one.
of course! Send away!
walk away jus walk away
I'm getting real excited to see how the coaching staff will do this year.. 🏈
Looks like I'm taking back roads RT : Got in a mini wreck on the way to the bowl game. Look for our Surburban on the side of 85
yes, facial redness
If you where born in November you know your parents had a nice valentines day
Eating pancakes right now
Schiano to Buccaneers according to Ny Post's Lenn Robbins Wow!!!! Just when Rutgers was putting another solid recruiting class together nuts
We're excited to have Jason Michaud joining our growing team!
I aspire to be like my dad someday
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. - Albert Einstein
Happy Birthday !!
Yeah I know, but you were no where to be found hahah
S\O my hustlin Women... All day mama
Jesus fucking Christ I wish I could fucking drink at work... Everyday a goddamn fuckup adventure. 
Jason is the dad? Come on, #GH, you just wasted months with giving us that bogus Franco crap. It's not interesting!
Not gonna lie..... YOU KINDA FUCKED URSELF by this decision LOL
RT San Antonio assistant Don Newman has passed on defensive coordinator spot with Suns coaching staff and will stay with Spurs,
A1: It also depends on what industry you're in. PR moves so quickly that students themselves need to be aware of changing trends.
Saw it at the infamous 'Robert's Bad Trip' screening at the Egyptian last year. Quite an experience. "Speak!"
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only squirrel in the world
Going out to eat with my family:)
I ain't got time to argue tho lol
Hahahahahaha!!!!! That wa the funniest shit!!
“: Goddamnit I hate Mustangs.” fuckin right!
you're thriving in a difficult situation you didn't create, so props for that man.
#SmackDown can't wait
#ksugraduation Harmon prepares to introduce the deans, who will introduce the grads...
Thanks for following us !
It was that good? I'll make time to watch it soon, then.
#kids 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix & Frozen Yogurt Festival: 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix & Frozen Yogurt Festival from Saturday, May...
eating a cookie. while scratching my armpits. while listening to the offspring.
Thanks, Matt! I'm excited about the new position but sad about leaving GGN. :(
oh WOW!!! Thank YOU for commenting!! I loved it!! I'm on cloud 9 to have heard from you!!
How can #inventors succeed to make their #tech #startup a success by finding the #funding and #seedmoney they need? Through #crowdfunding!
As long as your dedicated it's doesn't matter which pond you drink from... You will succeed!!!
TIP: Have maintenance reminders sent to your phone from Car Maintenance Reminder Pro {Android phones} or Car Care {iPhone}.
I hate "being that."
The first eight seasons of Law & Order are now streaming on Netflix. This is glorious news.
Prayer Breakfast at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church
saturday weather: 76 and SUNNY!
Thank you frat! I wrote you back on FB as well. Have a great week.
MOM: Our makeshift defense.
A mixture of Myspace, SKype, G+, and with the live feed on the side Twitter. YIKES. My dad will not figure this out ;)
“: I promise Central Station be PoppN...” ---> on my momma!!!
Just saw a S550 parked on the side walk of millennium park really? Haha totally worth the parking ticket...
Just the two of us... u and I
Today is a gloomy day...perfect. It goes with the occasion :(
Love >>> Distance
That funny moment when u realize the random voices ur hearing is a tv downstairs
#NiallisBeautiful EF THOSE PEOPLE WHO THINK OTHERWISE. HE IS AN ANGEL<3
Can I come hang with you and Randy
and I remember the pointlessness of the incessant chatter mass marketed as splendid thought, oh but it is not.
": Once again took my body out the game again"---fuckiddy fuck fuck no I didn't.lol
In Cali For The Bet Awards Who's Out Here With Me?? #Legoooo!
Heading to St. Barnabus with Joanie to help out at Family Promise week.
So, yeah, #teatyme and I'm downloading Ayo songs...
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
Rec #3: Embed incentives for success, such as on-track progress towards degree, but don't exclude students on margin of access/success.
He probably only appears to the human eye when there's bad karma;
ALWAYS stay positive! This is a long process. If you're patient, you will get the results you want if you do it the healthy way :)
RT : Thank you to , President of SMC Hawaii () for sharing #mysmcstory with us, check it out...
hey my best friend future mother in law. What have u been up to lately
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU MEAN EVERYTHING TOO ME<3
Amazing TWITTER deal. 50% off @ The Clifton Inn for dinner this Mon & Tues. Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
I LOVE Crazy Stupid Love! I need to get that DVD
Who are you? Princess Valhalla What are your superpowers? I don't have a vagina.
Yes melissa myatt and the chase you betta play!!!!! :)
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it.
What's an earthqauke?
As a fan, I'm not sure we could stay with them all series, but we may be able to steal a game or two max.
Where I'm from I just wanted to be alive when I grew up
Book 2 is also fabulous!! Enjoy.
White Sox Philip Humber pitches only the 21st perfect game in MLB history!
170 Cappers have their service & free plays posted to view FREE and the consensus from these picks currently at 11 with more to come
Writing my own final... okay?
Albert Einstein
totally get that. Just trying to help the surprise in your voice that the positions were similar.
It's official...I'm going to be a mom of 3 boys!!! Baby BOY is healthy and all is well :) #onehappymomma (there you go )
RT : Report of Bluemound Road closed west of 124th street due to flooding problems. Lots of ponding of water. Travel safely.
oh girl thats funny i have done that too many times! lol
love that show (storage wars).
had your #glutenfree #peanutfree maple & brown sugar hot cereal recently- delicious! Thanks so much! Great for traveling too!
Wants to see Alice in Wonderland in 3D at LA Live...soon.
These charge calls ruining the sport tho
In school U need to question everything.If teachers don't know, ask"Why"and keep asking "Why"They feed U myths because they don't know.WHY?
HeHeHe! LOVE blowing theories out of the water! :)
Nick Rizos wins against Jacob Rathwell at 2:05 of the second round via rear naked choke submission.
I feel alone. 
I'm already doing plasma donations lmaoooo.
ouch! Sorry about that hon :\
Great post. I love that u wrote about the importance of designing your life. It's not easy figuring out who u want to be today.
#Writing is not primarily escape, but use.
It's Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza !
Can't wait my next Music Video is almost done > aim >> upload target you tube
Nobody I know sit and jam like I do ((:
Thanks for helping to promote the Memorial Day Blitz!
Follow today for tweets that make you Think. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.
If you give us shoutouts we will give them back later with also a follow! Thanks so much for your help!! ♥
hey I did lmao!
thas what I had this morning! W/ peppers, garlic and mushroom.
no longer HoFlowers; Thanks 4 pulling from #rushlimbaugh show and not supporting hate. This birth control mama may order soon!
Your thirst is evil, and it must be quenched. Do it tonight with all the tap beer you can drink for just $10.
congrats buddy, really happy for ya!
PEYTON! Wanna follow me back?(:
I never knew you were a Hoosier! Too cool!
Its So Amazing to be So Amazing!
Welcoming all the visiting members from Alterian Social Line of Business to Seattle this weekend. Excited to see you all soon.
Fittin ta clean my room -_____-
I like 2 groc shop for 4 kids & tell cashier I live alone with 1 bulimic cat
Over The Limit? LOL!!!!!! Good luck with that one. lol
BCSDesigns4U thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Hard work + Great Talent = SuperStar
Everyone go do yourself a favor and go watch "The Hunger Games" just a phenomenol movie!!!
I love our guy and girl friends can hang out without people thinking people like each other
Morning <3 already stuck at school for 6 hours :( . And it's the longest day of the week . Hope this day will go by fast .
Thanks Jenn! I enjoyed checking out your IMDB page -- quite a list of credits! What are you working on now?
Leaders are just the fastest lemmings.
Excellent experience. Changed flight from LAX to SFO tomorrow to an earlier time. No fees. Quick service. No hassle.
They say when times are bad you should scream the loudest. If they only knew......
Wanda Sykes show was the WORST I have seen. She managed to alienate half her audience in the first 10 minutes with political rants.
holler at me
Thanks for the RTs
Shut the front door!!! is going to be at ?!? I just got super excited...
I can show you one but just not here it's kinda creepy xD
Swing by our office at 544 S 1st St between 8 and 5. We're located inside the First Edge building. :)
Also, whatever x 1000 for lyfe w/r/t the Yankees, but baseball is notably less awesome without Mariano Rivera in it.
Trying to decide what kind of music day it is in the office... any suggestions are welcome!
Really soon! No worries! keep a look out for it:)
Owning a home is the American Dream, but dealing with the HOA is a nightmare.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💜
The movie Forrest Gump brings back so many good memories. 😊
if someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be a part of it
Will someone tell those rednecks from south in Atlanta that the Braves chop chant isnt PC?
what? where? that's where i live!
hahaha good. I think either CB or safety!
‎[Campus Bulletin] We're not saying that bribes can get your registration time moved up. Just that our office has a convenient drop box.
I will be on campus around 11ish and then I have a class at 1.
Since February 28th, according to my pocket diary.
no way man Ted Nugent is one of the last republicans that plays the electric guitar
what about Huston, what about Detroit, what about Pittsburgh, PA?
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO FOR FOLLOWING MY FRIEN AND YOU CAN FOLLOW HER TO AT
The Jungle Cruise should have a re-ride clause for when you get a bad skipper.
I need to work on this! RT: : Patience is the art of concealing your impatience. — Unknown
It's the summer break--the summer break I was feenin for. Gotta make it count. Sunshine, a ride downtown early; reading & good food later
RT Retweet this if you think they should make gallon sized Caprisuns and have it still be a squeezable.. Think about it.
I don't want a child, I want a protegé.
haha i liked your facebook comment and then immediate delete..coincidently I did have another interview today
hard work opens the door for opportunity.
Congrats to your dad. Recommend a distinct landing page for your contact us. That way you can a/b test and optimize it.
Thanks for following (back), and happy #Placemaking!
Wonder Where My Phone Call Is ????
Ooh, is following us on #Twitter now. Ritzy! Okay, actually, more Parcy than Ritzy. No offense, Parc55
Tune in... Idols on!
Enjoy! That's a fun course. RT : At
you're welcome! There tends to more notice in news for negative things so I just wanted to be sure u were thanked!!
First-time novelist Meg Howrey's novel "Blind Sight" is 1 of the books that Nancy Pearl recommends
TY for the FF's and mentions:
I. am. not. wearing. a. dress. im gonna dress like a hobo!!!!
that Rwanda pour over was pretty good
This is awesome! RT : We have news! Announcing our Ambassadors:
word up bro. when you need the pic by?
YES thank you. thank you.
Again, morning wood. What to do? What to do?
don't prescreens exist to prevent those moments?
this guy never see's my tweets ! ._. #gottalovehimtho<3
You know those baby strollers that take up the whole sidewalk? I hate those
Feeling pretty good about my unit. Saw several students who don't normally read get wrapped up in #TheOutsiders!
Nothing's finah than the incomparable Dinah Washington. Easing my way into this week...
Mike Wallace really thinks he's gonna get over $100 million dollars.Just like you thought you were gonna break Jerry Rice's record last year
jus drank an entire glass of gravy in 20 seconds.
sweet, thanks!
Many things to be thankful for.. Happy thanksgiving everyone!
random thought of the day: flavor flav and dick vitale have almost the exact same voice inflection, way of speaking esp. when excited.
Urghhhhhhhhhhhhh, I should probably start studying -_-
Do you still write stories on there? I miss you too, anything new going on? =) <3
You can overdose on beer? I'm not trying hard enough.
And that's where financial support would be crucial.
Can teachers be political advocates? Do students respond well? How can we get everyone involved? Does technology help or hinder?
My Bad , I Said I Felt Sickk , So I Kind Of Figured Youu Wouldvee Thoughht I Wasnt Gonna Go To School ,
RT : RT : QFT RT : REALITY CHECK: This vote stopped being about the debt ceiling a long time ago.
It's better earned if you ask me *guaranteed* :-)
Anytime Rocky! Hope to work with you one day!
that is totally true.
i want some sassy soda secrets.
The Notebook is on tv but I have no one to watch it with
Understatement. RT : Baroness is just so good.
-.~|._ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
new denim outfit at stylesbyrneae.com
The play. I'll have to devise a plan to make it to the city and buy you a cocktail.
RT : The only way to love is madly, intensely and deeply. Everything else is a weak substitute.
Thanks! Stop by and visit any time! We've got great artists lined up for at least the next YEAR!
Fun! There are a LOT of REDs floating around this city...
Congrats to on a great series- good luck w/the blues- 12 more WINS... and its Lord Stanley and :)
Wow. I could only imagine...
shut up before I suck your di. I mean beat your ass
good morning! (:
Thanks for clearing that up!
If 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye I'm gonna be mad
what song should i do next? think think think
What is it about the woman you love just making you ache when things are out of whack? It's like us men ard puppets. Man, I love her!
That awkward moment when you realise you were the only person who thought your joke was funny.
Everything was dead quiet, and it looked late, and SMELT late
wow! oh wow! the pies! the lamb! at - "awesome" does not even come close! you guys totally knocked it "outta the 'park'" ;-)
YEAH!!! RT My forecast: Regardless, it's still grilling weather
I make my own luck. *coin flip*
Thought this was good... "Yesterday is history. Tommorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present."
What's happening with Torii Hunter is one of a parent's worst nightmares. From a father to another - stay strong.
Join us tonight for Tilted Tuesday Trivia from 7-9pm and enjoy $15 pitchers of TK Lager and Domestics.
Great to meet you in person and thanks for the follow!
do the one with the "need a prom date" signs? :d
Glad the person is out of sight like i said the other day no one should die young But glad to see all their fanz really cared! :)stay ICONic
thank you buddy. Tell Bonzai I miss him.
The only problem with Tucker is that he prefers to play with them rather than kill/devour. Most just die of fright.
Saw the sunrise on my morning run- beautiful. Saturday, here I come!
I just saw the most precious baby I've ever seen in my entire life!!
I'm off to Washington DC with Louie to present on our LSF Program! Join me at the Natural Health Festival - 10:00am Sunday. Will tweet there
Because I liked them both. Just watch it.
follow all that up with a trip to REI and you've got yourself a perfect day.
A sad day for #TroyDavis and all citizens of the United States.
Lol I took credit for Whittney. It's fun having the same name
I like M&M and Hyundi com
Time to hit the sheets.. 💋
shout outs all day to a 503 rep
Oh Jesus Christ... “: I love #Sunsets”
I know, right? Terrible.
Where should we go for dinner in Vegas?
Only increases his appeal.
Chuck Paris is now a member of the Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) www.PRSA. org
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
You tweet too much
Be careful what you wish for... Responsibility may follow.
#nf follow back!!!
ah!!!i wish i could go when your comin' to houston :(
Major props to the G
Win free tix to tonight's Buckethead & That 1 Guy as Frankenstein Brothers show at RT for your chance to win!
I never in a million years thought I would ever go to a club & just the fact that I did, I surprise myself.
Excellent news. Thanks a lot! I'll check tomorrow when I'm back home.
nice! It's a little like our credit score though. No one *really* knows how to improve it. Sucks
Be careful now! Those are officially rivals to Wayne State. Can't give away all your secrets!
A (THE MODEL) model of place-based ontologies. Wow. Go Germano.
two amazing bands to have on shuffle!! Although i dont hold a candle to Stephen Tyler!
thats awesome Char!
After two innings of play Virginia scores two runs and stranded three runners making the score 4-1
Watching The Kids Are All Right with my mom. So so so so so awkward.
Welcome to Alanta
WHEN AM I GETTING MY PHONE FIXED, JEEEEZUS.
just saying :)
well see about that 😏
Thanks for the support up there in NY! Shine responsibly!
did you want to meet up at some point?
Friday, March 25; 7:30 pm Jazz Sabbath Service; Mark Bloom
Thank the good Lord it's soccer time in KC once again!!!
Queen Latifah's version of the National Anthem will be the new version played at our games.
Performing Live every Wednesday at the Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar in North Palm Beach at Crystal Tree!! Join me tree for the party!!
I wish I lived in one of those towns where everybody knows everybody.
I asked my mom to join #BrickSquad and she said yes, we have a new member thanks
lol, thanks for checking it out Wanjiru!
yes I seen him plenty. definitely channeling vibes. Rasta!
Can't wait to hear em! RT : Working on mixes for all day.
i just found it a re-read it!! oh, what a great talk. loved the eternal perspective parts--i'll see them again, etc
hahaha Nash just plain ol intro to studio arts. I must say it was a group effort but still lol
Doing my taxes...can you claim Twitter Followers as dependents? (Thanks )
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Writing is least complex of media--audio, video, and interactive media add layers of complexity. Write more!
I LOVE BEIN A NUDIST NUDITY IS COOL NO BLOCK OR BLURR LOL
Good old Akamai. Thanks Todd. You guys rock.
Wow can't even ask a question?
Want to know Rick Pitino's "principles for Stellar Performance"?? They only Cost $4.95!! See page A7 of the
World Series will go head to head with Steelers/Saints game. I wonder who will win this ratings battle?
misses doing live theatre, although it has only been a few months... must do show SOON!
Relaxing nt, catching up w sis ... Couple of cocktails on patio
Grandma Chelo called me a junkie before hitting me. She then said I hit her. I need to get out of Dodge. I have enough on my plate.
Oh me either! There's just so many new CDs to get!! Haha.
Today's Feature: 1/2 lbs Steamed Mussels over Angel Hair Pasta, capers, tomatoes, carrots, red onion in white wine sauce Soup: Butternut Sq
otherwise how's your day been?
fail! Firing Kevin P. Apparently they like good players but not good leadership. They still can't figure it out.
Reinventing the site...
man I want an air bleed button for my lezyne
Say Natitude one more time, ESPN
I was guessing, just needed to be sure. lol :D
The sitter with is hilarious!! 😂
Have you thought about what you will get your valentine?! Flowers and Chocolate will not be enough!
was just asked if sand dollars are made of sand.
Fun Stat for the Day - Moore 12 games started - 16TD's - Smith 16 games started - 17TD's - Upgrade??
don't want to be like this for the rest of my life
learning about inveneo.org at the Libraries and the Developing World LITA program. and waking up.
we need higher then standard. Striving for excellence w/other people who have gained excellence!
Sigh, lagging on the Dayshell video info. cause no one with tumblr wants to help me.
Hanging with today :D
professional project management, markers of success, flexibility, clear expectation, fluidity of design
Ah! Yes, an important distinction!
yes, yes!
What kinda cheese?
I'm single for tonight!
I'm going try to see that tonight too!
I have an old soul but a childlike sense of wonder.
has a bunch of little buds on her orchid!
thanks 4 the S/o
I been neglecting you twitter , sorry .
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
I wish haha
There's a good chance I will not be sober tonight. Fun tweets for all! Or no tweets. Could go either way.
thanks much for kind mention- what fires you up?
Thanks for the great post. It was a needed read for me today. :)
I would so rock THATCampFail. Especially in coding.
anyone in DFW interested in a 2 hour studio session for $20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap. This offer is this week only
↩ needs someone 2text
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Wishing everyone a safe and relaxing weekend!
#dolphins HARTLINE can get it
Is you sleep?
Keep being you Jen, haters come and go!Killing ppl with kindness is the best revenge. You have to much class 4 those BIRDS
so bored and too much on my mind
Just saw on the road in Maryland. HI!
YOU KNOW! ": #Celtics"
$1-$1.50 a cup for the best gourmet coffee you will ever drink! Healthy energy.www.energyconnection.organogold.com.google ganoderma please!
Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed. ~ Robert Kiyosaki's Rich Dad
omfgomfg what is air loooool he like birds I guess omfg what what looool let him open it and I'll meet I there
Smh women these days
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.” ― Oscar Wilde
Citing new ideas, VW extends Chinese crowd-sourcing project - AutomotiveIT International
it was an E60 story on ESPN. Watch it. Good stuff.
Sounds interesting, little known facts! Exhibit Of State Symbols In Las Cruces Museum.
Is it still an unbiased source of statistics if it's produced by a privately-held corporation?
Oh, exactly.
Today is the Stride & Glide for Come down to the Pettit at 8am to register and Run/Walk/Wheelchair Roll/Ice Skate!
Welcome! will be launching soon, so get ready to rock your #dogs world!!!
It's true. “: Be-a-u-tiful full moon tonight, folks.”
Wolfpussy? Wtf is that.... A wolf pussy. O ok
RT : When will we learn? JPM loss shows riskiness of financial sector, & potential for tax-payer funded bailout2
#nene was a stripper o.O
In the age of Rove, Koch Bros, ALEC, Citizen's United, & this Supreme Court, national Dems must get into the fray in WI, NOW!!!
Instead of eliminating th real problem,the new HC law will enrich and further entrench the profit-driven, private health insurance industry
i am glad i'm not the only one haha i feel better lol
O U outta luck
that's how the good guys can easily detect the bad guys' location. ;)
Sugar-free redbull... Oh so necessary today.
Prayers, good thoughts and star wishes headed your way!
wait was that referring to green day as bad
8 months today. I love being hangover-free. :)
And by gun I meant gin.
right now? 4 hours via a flight from Newark to Denver.
After-mob Eats for April 21 are being planned. The word so far? Local delishishness is in our future. What are your favorite local eats?
I really think should retweet my nieces please they are huge #beliebers :)
shipped my camera to y'all this AM.
I'd say mid-range. Designers would include Ali Ro, Theory, DVF, Jay Godfrey, Vince, BB Dakota, Alice + Olivia, etc. Thanks!
Listening to me on is a surreal experience :)
oh we got ourselves a mow off. Footloose style?
Good luck! I'm blaming my procrastination on the warm weather. Hard to concentrate when it's 80 degrees in March. ;)
Anyone know the exact dates of when the #Believe tickets go on sale? Scooter said May. Its may...lol
off to the UWM Film Festival
My friend saw a rat in the subway drinking a milkshake. Follow his Twitter:
Thanks everyone for your support - I need to have a job by the end of June. The one I have now is contracted till then.
. Martz put our oline into some doomed-to-fail type situations. Audibles alone will be huge
I'm blessed with normalcy. People are so bizarre.
Lol..girls r funny. U actually think ur the only one he's dating. Be forreal. Hate naive people.
Does a poke on facebook constitute some form of cheating?
Haha Sure!! I will LOVE TOO!! Haha :)
you know here and there, i have #Legna #Promo goin on and tryin to gain followers plus working on #Legna books
Now I'm going to reminisce on my own videos. Sobs. Someone go to a show with me like... now.
I think Twitter has its own squadron of assassins b/c they kill people off daily...even if they're not dead.
I have to follow more ppl , ask for a follow back :)
Have a great idea for a CPG (Cyclical Power Generator). Any bites?
thank you! appreciate it!
TONIGHT! Rats vs Mob! RICC, doors Bout starts at 7pm. Last match before the Championship! You don't want to miss this!
I kno same here we needa "fly" again (;
If i ever write a novel there will be a girl always in sunglasses as a way of hiding.. Me? Yeah
hahahaha tell all your friends :)
I love you all so much. You guys have totally made my day. Thank you 😘
Thank you for sharing our opening tonight!
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again...even after the worst of it. Moving through it through, can take a lot of help. -db
#BirdyCity is psyched to launch in 2 weeks!
I know same! I wish they would do it anyways. It won't rain... and in either case, I know I got an umbrella.
Partied too much over the Holiday? Come in for a therapeutic massage and leave feeling ready to take on the week! Go to www.massagedc.com
Where clothing is optional.
Some nights I'm scared you'll forget me again. Some nights I always win. I always win.
Men's self-improvement ends at toilet training.
Thanks for the follow! Your galaxy & glitterball shoes are gorgeous.
OGK (only God knows)
Looking forward to Open House event at today
I jinxed it. I made fun of the name Casper. Of course he hit a HR.
Is making me do slave labor on NYE? Shady....
It killed me when I first laid eyes on that thing, so I'm glad it was just tape. Maybe you could fashion a capo?
GAIN Plan is coming to iOS v3.0 as soon as it's approved. #Apple is reviewing again right now (for the 5th time).
Tune in to KSJS at Noon EDT (9 a.m. PDT) this Sunday 28 August as Deep Blue Organ Trio guitarist Bobby Broom is on "Straight No Chaser."
Just tapped, Colette Farmhouse Ale (replaces No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger)
send it my way!
God is so good thank u so much thank u you always come on time always
RT "Thank you" is a powerful acknowledgment. Say it soon. Say it often. And enjoy the power of acknowledgment.
Even if at the same salary, apparently TCU didn't care about the Forbes' reporting naming Johnson the 10th most overpaid MBB coach.
might think am DB, but am not DB:))
I dont see y its ur responsibilty 2 feed people in other countries wen we have plenty of starvin people in ur own
this is really exciting can't wait to see this wonderful ship
Thanks to Lehigh and Norfolk State my bracket is ruined!!!!!!
So excited for after work today!
Not to shamelessly plug, but our Healthscape Alliance is all about collaboration, not competition - please check us out!!
haha... At least the women's tennis players were cute.
Going to run out to the bike shop!
Better get your running shoes on.
a bicycle derby in a parking garage sounds brilliant. Wish I was town too...
60 minutes of national & local news & 20 minutes of which were commercials...switching to movies on DVD!
Gettin a trim
￼Nvr Blame A Day In ur Life Good Days Give u Happiness Bad Days Give u Experience Both r Essential In Life All Are Gods Blessings GoodMornin
Hilarious. I should have known.
awe Well still I'm gonna Fangurl! :D
it's insane isn't it? People are just amazed by how much he can eat. He's like the Duracell bunny..
No, but there will be a Humpty Dumpty devil-your-own-egg bar and sweet butter “Eat Me” cookies.
Wise words! RT : One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful...
Didn't make it to #heweb11 in Austin. Planning for #heweb12 in Milwaukee already.
if you are shooting color, C-41 process is REAL hard to screw up...but for paid work I'd always recommend a *real* lab, not Ritz
“: Though I suppose "'51 déjà vu, anyone?" would be more apropos.”// Got that right.
Paradise Circus. Coffee. Hope.
I wish, I had you helping me out.
Cuz you dont have swag RT : why couldn't you do that for me?
If your Jesus is Fighting against my Jesus? Then you got the wrong Jesus! Because Bride doesn't persecute Bride.
Check my tweets i Rt one with a link
Every time I grade finals I think "You had a week... 100% of the answers are straight out of the books/lectures... & left some BLANK? Wow."
he was changing into a smock for dissecting I guess but idk he is just really hot okay m
movie in the parks!
What are you doing in Dallas?
At the Range with James Bond! Simply Awesome!
I want you to myself I can't help it baby I'm selfish
Wonder how fast I can get through the past two issues of SLA's Info Outlook? The Feb issue looks particularly good....
teehee thats my pic from last night ^-^ I know when i saw this it made me proud xx
Good luck to my very favorite team today. #gopatsgo!!!!!!!!
should check out www.kmcamera.com!
oh baby i like it raw! RIP Ol'Dirty Bastard
RT RIP Adam Yauch of the legendary Beastie Boys...
Dude sitting at bar for dinner asks bartender "what is risotto?" Bartender looks at menu and says "Uh, not sure. It's really fancy tho." 
First draft of results section: done! Gonna proofread like a mofo and send it to my thesis adviser ASAP
I like that we're watching Alice in Wonderland because I wanted it, but I'm playing on my computer and my kid passed out from the busy day.
yippee! Giants and niners and raiders! Does it suck to hype whatever team the city you live in roots for?
I hope I can catch Fridays show!
so does mine. It always does...
❤😊 RT : Forgetting to smile is like forgetting to thank GOD for another day of life.
Thanks for the mention, Crowdvert. Have a great week!
Making a Summer bucket list because no life.
Got a preview of prez and CEO Keira Amstutz's commencement address for liberal arts students on Sun. Great speech!
Dong judge me! I'm a work in progress!
Fluke's friend had stopped taking her prescribed birth control pill because she couldn't afford it & it wasn't covered by her health plan.
How is the game going now?
Lots of great biz at #gmcc stop by our booth, say "I love money" and get a prize!
Is it just me or does "the river" look like anaconda?
I need somthing to do tonight!
Not an everyday coffee drinker but i am on my fourth cup If that tells you how my day is going!
it's okay. It will all work out!
smoke weed it helps
i get back from eating dinner and you werent live anymore. Not cool benker
Happiness is laying on Waikiki bch listening 2 the new album :) Eargasmic!
What is one of the adventures or trips on your "bucket list"?
OH OK. found it. Canucks and Penguins :)
Get up lazybones! Go make a difference in the world! (I say while eating eggs & watching the CW w/)
I guess its cool at idiots expense. ;-)
Sometimes the person we want the most, is the person who always wants someone else...
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't expect amazing shots for bargain prices. Being cheap will end up costing you more, so do it right the first time!
I'm moving to where I'll transition from fitting in to standing out.
you would think with pilot season over things would slow down,but i've had SIX auditions this week alone and started shooting the film REACH
Sushi, Mr. A's for sunset, and now Cucina Urbana. I am a spoiled third-wheel date!
one minute please! x
just saying. Lmao
too big and too varied? Yet another excuse to not get it done right
in 7 days and already chomping at the bit. Want to volunteer in gaming, setup, maybe sit in on a writing panel & realize I'm nuts
Done. Will probably go out for a few more later so those can be your also.
love both you girls so much!! XX
The first ever Grown Man Business music video will be online later today!!! (well..MAYBE tomorrow. Murphy's Law haha)
dear haters,NOTHING you say or do is worth my time
#Perfect,,Cody .S.
Online colleges aid you to blend your education into everyday life. Young/old professionals are opting for this option to grow more...
ima call up to my high school tomorrow to see what scholarships they givin out..
omg :[ you never hmu!
white outfit with green shoes, belt and hat.
Upper RAM limits for Windows 7 64bit OS. Starter and Basic - 8GB Home Premium - 16GB Professional, Enterprise and Ultimate - 192GB
a sad day for us all... RIP vintage kitchen aid ...
lol UGH! I hate you, bitch.
Photography by who was great to work with!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. ~ Michael Jordan
Hail it is Piers! We got this! Go
- 'you might need to bring some tissues down here, cuz clearly he's upset'
oh right..It is the last one! (rolls eyes)!
that was the big news? smh
wee do
Liked your post on stuff, smart new follower!
Wow, I hate my life right now. Forgot my money, so my dad had to pay>:\
To those taking the #ACT tomorrow for the first time i wish u the best of luck. Just know that Its long ass fu*k. Enjoy. 😏
really me to wtf ... Thats weird i thought u were someone from like cali jus wit nice quotes
That's horrible! I hope nothing happens to the one near John and D'Anne. I would be so sad.
Doing Great with a Kidney stone.
what time can you be at Becca's?
M! Drowning flautas and $2 cerveza! What a way to pick up this dreary hump day!!!
Great advice. Keep your eyes and heart on the target.....not success!
Always hungry. Like damn.
Bwahaha... ...it don't... ...but the mushroom head, is a diff story.
Happy belated birthday Christian! I couldnt message you earlier cause I didnt have my laptop. n_n Hope you had a great day!
Happy International Women's Day to the members of the and all women!
Life isn't fair, but it's still good
Looking forward to having your team in class! PRT : Signed up for Final Cut X via Can't wait to see how well it works.
Just realized TARDIS looks a whole lot like the teletubbies house. I'm waiting for Noo Noo to come tidy up.
enjoy it's a beautiful city!
anyone want a free song download:)?
I swear Chicago State will be the fucking death of me. I hate this place!
think that's what we call a therapist :-) or a mom!!
“: How do we ensure that admin are sound instructional leaders capable of evaluating a teacher? #cpchat #edchat” great ?
wow paul, that's some intense stuff right there. We need it in the weight room!
aw yal mite go do sum
Love isn't an emotion. It can produce emotions, but love is an action.
hahahah I just saw this.
Just made me a meal na its tyme to smash watch a movie n relax
your welcome!
yea send me the link
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Yall Good Out There Today?
<cont.> because I've seen it happen before with Bill Gates & Whitney Houston after they died.
pretty impressive group
It tagged the RIGHT Jessica Tome on Instagram...idk the Twitter Jessica Tome lol
what did you break?
Nuggets VP of basketball operations Mark Warkentien is on with us right now...See what the Nuggets are thinking for tomorrow's draft.
Can you tell ppl to follow me , thanks a bunch :)
WTF else could possibly go wrong today!? FML!
#dontcry that I'm not there. Catch ya in Chicago!
Chris Paul, endorsed by Jordan brand, most unselfish player in the NBA, and when I wear his jersey people know MY name!
The lips of both men and women resemble the lips of the vagina
thanks : we cant wait for and on our #awesomehoneymoon !” woohoo
It's a lovely rainy day in sweet tejas. Perfect movie day!
Build week has begun! Check out coverage on Channel 12, 6 and 58
Orlando friends!! Catch me on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show on Monday at 9am for the Summer Skin Series-Part 2! It will be life changing!
Satan portrayed as "the architect of secession" in American pop culture via letter envelopes. "The first secessionist was Satan."
A substitute for Sauterne cooking wine
thanks C! Gotta share it...
Video games. Making us talk even less! 👍
I am in the worst of moods today!
bahaha keep me posted!!!! I wanna go!
You just can't handle other people's opinions. Not to mention that's the definition of ignorance, and then you are just controlled by her.
is blowin' up my phone! I love you Nate! Cant wait to see you on
Come for your fix, quick! Only 30min before we shut for the private event!
i want to order 3 ribeyes with Ron Swanson. that is all.
Who do you think is going to win the NIT Championship Game March 29? Follow us and RETWEET for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
when is my world part 2 coming out???
: Thanks for the kind RT:-)
It's really exciting to see SSDs below $1/GB, but the real fun is going to happen once they get down to $0.50GB or $0.25/GB.
yeah buddy! Kings putting on a clinic in the post season!
Restrooms without foamy soap<<<
I do what I can with the resources at hand.
So Cloud 9 has cake-bottom ice cream cake...my inner fat girl is in love.
Loving it as always!! =)
yeah sounds good!:) will you be able to pick me up? My car is totaled from the hail storm haha
35 minutes of Tebow. Monday just got a little better =) Back to work....
Yup! It's RadioBedlam time! Grab Yr banjo or other noise maker and head on down, it's an #openmic Tuesday in
No worries, :) That's what we strive for (excited #drupal devs)
got some tracks I want to send ... You still spinning?
This person talking gibberish on Kanye's "Mercy" is too much for me
Off to the house again.
Bring a friend in to sign up for a Membership, and receive a $20 Gift Card in return!! This month only, so take advantage! HT Members rock!
Google's “Penguin” Algorithm Causing Havoc Throughout Search Marketing - Daily Disruption
Thank you for following! Looking forward to strange and wondrous things from you and Bubo ...
I absolutely loved hearing your Carver Songs sung by John Moore! I look forward to hearing more of your music soon
"Long childhood makes a virtuoso out of man, but it also leaves a life-long residue of emotional immaturity in him." — not erik estrada
ArianaGrande I nominate HaleyLPollard to be a general.
please, i love yoouu. i . need . food . .
Morning People!
We will be open on Thursday and Friday this week! Hope to see you in the store!
Thanks to for the ride, cake, and good conversation. Appreciate it mucho! Next stop: PNS by way of ATL.
30 More Minutes
Why does school exist?
science and religious exam tomorrow
Its lik I can detect whose a 2011 graduate and whose not.
Sorry for asking so many Q's. I'm new 2 ur site and lv it! I was wondering: Do you have a recipe for gazpacho? Thank you IGE!
Greatest 0-for-7 performance ever?
I said twitters, not tweakers!! Lol
Nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude... you better check that at the door!
ICONiacz VERSION OF CALL ME MAYBE: Hey I just met you, and this crazy. But here's a condom, Happy Safe Sex Wednesday.
"ASK & u will RECEIVE, SEEK & u will FIND, KNOCK & the door shall be OPENED" MATTHEW 7:7-8 & the church says-AMEN! Now apply it 2 u'r life!
No one smiles the way that you do
Hey Eagles! There's tons of snow and ! Perfect place to spend spring break!
While watching #lakings kick butt, flipped to Discovery where they were showing #goldrush in an ad. Can't wait till it comes back. 1000 oz!
How lovely, they're testing various kinds of alarms in my building today.
I can't stop listening say somethin <3
So I'm hearing a rumor that Hulu is going to force users to sign up for cable. I hope you have an out clause in your contact.
About to live tweet Policy Makers Panel: Connecting Campus & State System Planning in the Student Success Agenda
yes you are (;
Dear Acura... Why is it that you do not give at least one free oils change any more... Eventhough your vehicles are considered premium?!
I love that plan!
I can't im busy(:
bitch im me -so who da fuck is you
Come to Bliffert's Customer Appreciation / Anniversary event this Saturday 10-4. Fred Bliffert Live Concert at 1. Food,Raffles,Fun,Sales!
Yes, thanks--and you?
i will blow shit up if she does... maybe her too... she better not... ill be pissed...
Home just in time to watch the Packer game
OMG that is #epic RT : Bobby Petrino supporters ride motorcycles with blonde blow up dolls
I hate cereal. & any breakfast food.
would ebooks do away with the cost of replacing lost items?
Big #labor & #AFSCME victory in Ohio yesterday by defeating
It's Friday The 13th watch your back out there in the streets tonight! Be Safe!
Marvins Room (Mom Remix): F*ck those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buying them so ask ur dad. Im just saying u can wear sketchers lmao
I’ve learned… that you should always leave loved ones with loving words. It may be the last time you’ll see them
So jealous of karen.. I want to be Marilyn...
okay then why are you talking to me? Bye.
Last shift before I go on vacation. Come say farewell!
How do you have time to drink everyday all day #doyounotwork?
it's just really sick and disgusting.
That's great! Thanks :) RT : I just found gummy vitamins Finally I can consume supplements again thx to
Yes true, but it shows that they are people to, with opinions, just like us.
large hail & speeding winds?
yes let's! And thanks love!
just got your tweets. Hope the rest of your night was fun on Friday.
human poop man!!!!!!
Your #Weight is not as important as what the #Pounds are made up of
no I didn't but I've worked w/ this guy pretty much all year lol so I don't think he needs to see any more of me. Ha
PUMPKIN SPICE CHEESECAKE Ginger snap cookie, pecans, brown sugar crust with nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger spices
You're my blonde inspiration!
Had a fun day yesterday, wierd night and confused morning today....Life is fuckin crazy =P
The bbc's pride and prejudice is by far the best...
has a kicker ever been named #BCSChampionship game MVP?
Fun and jealous!! You MUST eat at LBS Burger - burgers and shakes!
finally got a closer in NY
happy to see that your replying to most of our tweets, well sorta?
So much is improved by collaboration (code, strategy, design). Could composition benefit as well? How would that work?
I'm not having good computer luck this week, but I guess it's training for my future career!
This is why I love baseball!!
very nice couple articles...discovering what I enjoy. I thought I wanted more business. I really want more fun in business.
I like da new Tony Montana video by Future. The nigga doin his thing, peace up A town down!!!
I would like to move at my own pace but God said wait so I will
oh no. Im gonna miss some of your live chat. D:
cut that shit!
Don't watch sports for one night and miss out on NFL draft, NBA seedings, and two awesome NHL. Never leaving the TV or a sports bar again
Finally last day of school tomorow! YAY!
ok lil pee pee
Esta Noche Live! That's what's happening. Get your Tix or Janies records. Come see a great show on 1/28/12
your The reason I watch the show! Btw love your boobs!(:
It's def a morning. Feel like this week is moving in slow motion.
Thinking about #oomf >>>>>>
Just added a new band to the list I wanna see at 2012. has alot if seriously awesome songs!
I can't believe someone would invest in anything Miller attaches his name to after THE SPIRIT.
Im def. hittin up the show in July.
LONG LIVE KRAMPUS
that's terrible!
Is 3 a plausable time to be in town for? then I walk back with you coz I going to nanas x
People need to learn when to SHUT-UP.
RT : If I speak, I am condemned; If I stay silent, I am damned..
If you dare not following me, I can't reply to the offer U just tweeted me about #Text set up
So I finally dined at Balena last night. It was amazing.
About to show this history paper what I'm made of.
yeaa that's how you spell it . And naa she leaving
Yall ever see that movie Friends With Benefits??
I like Tina Fey's peplum more than Michelle William's peplum.
Former GA Tech Associate Head Coach talks about the importance of confidence in the game of basketball. Listen here: goo.gl/Dif1F
#RulesInARelationship Don't Cheat
Reason 1200034973 why I love my wife: we can have in depth convo about the right way to eat a Chipotle boritto.
I know. My wife is the same way. I can never tell if she's wearing any or not. She's always beautiful.
#NowThatImOlder just a min. ago found out toothfairy isnt real my tooth got knckd out the othr nite drunkn bar fight
Good morning, Happy Hump Day!
lol I look forward to it
Watched #FoodMatters tonight. WOW. Making some big changes starting with tomorrow. Love your blog lots. Thanks!
Love is ridiculous :)
"Digital tools for the scientific endeavor" - Royal Society blog, on , +changing the way research is done bit.ly/AmKR1N
So there's that... RT Last hit: Single by Span w/ 2 outs in 3rd on Tuesday. (Note: He was picked off first.)
Good morning to our new followers:
you should do a late blog! :)
aww thanks for compliment :)
I'm just bored, wouldn't say depressed just bored
Thank you for your graciousness for the absence of the 'w' #pcbw rolls on! See you in about 18 hours.
Los Angelenos, The Doosh has a gig coming up in early June. FB fans get in Free!!!
It is, especially if you sleeping in it, speaking of sleep, bab tired, so goodnight boo, sleep tight x x x x x x x x x x ♥ ♥ ♥
sandstorm reminds me of glow sticks
Foreal!!! RT : If my phone die in the restaurant, i will be looking for the nearest outlet
theyre diff 4 each school but topics r: anger management, career planning, family planning, personal growth& healthy relationships
Mutha fuckin fajita night! Then, new Dexter DVD!
what is life but a series of moments...
new account
oh hell no is the worst
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
A big WPT congrats to the winner of the LA Poker Classic Gregory Brooks! Check out final table coverage!! www.wpt.com
Follow me follow me
Those men who call me bae or baby but we've only been talking for 2hrs..... DEAD
: love you girl <3
Bike date! Summer us here...at least for tonight!
we should go see titanic n 3D you are Jack and I am Rose, but I will NEVER let you go, lets make a happy ending
Inception still sucks
Working on episode 45 of the Ancient Art Podcast. Here's a teaser ... fish guts and hookers. Intrigued? No, not ancient Roman snuff...
Well of course I am ;) It took me a total of about 1 hr 30 mins to do this one.
And how is everyone tweeting tonight?
Determine ghd straighener If Dreamweaver Is Ideal For you
Guess I'm a asshole because I'm not easily impressed
--should obey one who is unarmed, or that an unarmed man should remain safe and secure when his servants are armed. Machiavelli
I love #SomeoneLikeYou covered by Set on reply for the rest of the night,
The #redsox will be rebranding themselves as the Red Hot Mess
If I die tomorrow, I want everyone to know I love them. My friends mean the world to me and I don't want to leave them ever
hey Nancy,how's the boys?our 2 are 5 1/2 now.can't wait to hear the new cd,hope to see you this tour too.Nannette Garrett
Thanks for the RT!
One thing we learned from Digging into Data: cleaning ragged data important to get at meaning.
angry at that moment
Pssst ... Are you getting hungry? Good! Because we deliver! Choose from AJBombers, Swig, Water Buffalo and The Soup and Stock Market!
You can download ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARK? on your XBox! How is that even *possible*?! Like, did I leave my Christmas list lying around?
Ok so I'm a guy ICONiac and that makes me gay? Well alright then u can say wat u want but I will neva stop supporting these amazing boyz
I got a chimichanga and some tv callin my name soon! Sad to see its 10:30 on a Friday night and my first thought is bed time
Is that the same thing as responsive design?
Steve Blake got a booger in his nose!
This One Republic commercial is only awesome if you're wasted. P.S. Why does Ryan's hair not move?
Merry Christmas!
Having 2 buses is better than none.
Which casting website (Actors Access, Casting Networks, Now Castings, Casting Frontier, Backstage) do agents and casting directors use most?
Why does Facebook make it so hard to mass defriend people you are no longer friends with?
#Replace1DSongsWithPaul Stole my Paul :)
FOLLOW ME AUSTIN MAHONE PLEASE PLEASE <33333
Studying for physics < everything else. ever
": your just lucky he didnt get a hold of you!" Lmao seriously you guys see his mug shot? Looking crazy!
Liberal education is "preparation for appointments not yet made" (frmr Brown Pres. Howard Swearer, via new Stanford study on undergrad ed )
Fuck partys! They're so fucking stupid and lame. Who wastes their time at them? I'm not down for this.... at all...
Thanks for the RT. So true!
No Prob Brugh, this is easy to like!
Have a great day my friend! Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather! :)
too bad #noguys! but husband still votes for
trying to learn fedora content models
the things I do for my body...
My fav part is he gets to the hoop with ease and then the next three possessions he jacks up three stupid 3's.
I can't believe youre gone :( why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
Zara! RT I need to find mint green jeans. Help?
#6WordSciFiStory - Never Forget, Robots Are Not Pets.
lunch was too good though i'm so full
making of SHOP video!
Good morning!
I don't know... 6am mtngs on east coast when my body is thinking 3am is always rough. Then there's hardly phased!
"'CNBC SportsBiz: Game On!' Draws 8,000 Viewers, Is One Of The Lowest Rated Shows On Television"
nice bro gl
love it! RT : "Apple without cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze!"- my grandpa
. There is also a very clear connection between weighing what players do, and coronary issues. What do you do? Weight limits?
People say they never wach pron's quit lieing every body waches pron one time or other..
my mama bought watermelon...
"C'mon Barry! Be bottom!" -
sounds like Sagu from has a slow leak
great bro how about u and urs
i plan to watch new show but my digital antenna doesnt get ABC, seems whole are has problem. so i m hoping that it ll be on hulu
florida has been lacking tours besides warped tour. take note please
Larry on 570KLIF 3:10 today! Talking luxury beds and living well
al pacino is a very sexy older man...loved him in jack and jill :)
will they momma go off on us lmao ?
Oh snap! I use that key combo all the time for screenshots and I never noticed that the pixel measure is displayed. Thanks!!
love u 2
I'm having one of those this semester as well. Hang in there.
i gotta catch up on sum juugs first i tol em ill hit em up
You look sad. It hurts you in the long run. I wish people understood. It's not my business but it's painful to watch and undeserving
If I wanted a bitch I'd get me a female what I want is a MAN !
Lab report for Science lol you doing anything?
Oh good, another Mizutani boot to download.
If I could just find a way to make it so that you were right here, right now.
- watchin full house marathon tanners go to disney world! This has to be one of my fav episodes! I love when steve shows up!
ON MY WAY TO MEMPHIS THEN CHI TOWN
Who is looking for an exit plan?
purple rain - prince
anyone use "shooting an elephant"? have resources but looking for other strategies
ostrich shaped chicks get no love.
OMG YES
niall i have a simple question! what does 'one four three' mean when it's sung in songs?
us too!
I know we have entered everyone and their mom's contests.
RT : Still looking life size after 25 yrs. Thanks for the great music!
Not the same - Christmas in Indy this year. Missed w-town for sure! Glad to hear you're doing great! Nice work on your closings!
Full from goodies! Omg I need to stop! Lol I'm getting bad:)
hm i doubt it ill have to look again
My level of respect for went through the roof tonight. He is truly an artist.
Don't forget to sign up for an interview
Not sure if he's deserving or would be any good, but Van Slyke would be fun...for a while anyway...I like the marlins manager
“: how old do would you have to be?” you can be any age and in any location. anyone who participates will be in the video!
love u so pleaae follow me
New day with a new mission in life lets get it
It is!
RT : BREAKING....VANESSA BRYANT was at the game waiting for KOBE in tunnel???????????? (she's always there w/ kids...)
living in a skyscraper, it can be very unsettling to watch the water in your toilet move back and forth during high wind storms.. really!!
Enjoyed meeting with the Metrotex Association of Realtors today.
syracuse! go orange!
followed for ya!
#Draping was fun for, like, a second.
it's kinda stupid. I barely use it. Haha. The application on my iPhone like eats up app my battery. Haha
Did you know that Saturday is National Platypus Day? Agent P is in the house this Friday!! Learn the Platypus Walk before the show!
Hoping my #united flight has tv so I can watch
RT : Cold as the
Go Bulls! Miami feel our wrath.
Please play Danny, Dakota & The Wishing Well by A Silent Film
I hate having to wake up to do chores
“: Why do the new McDonald's commercials make it seem like its exclusively for minorities?” I was thinking the exact same thing!
Haha. There's only what... 11 on varsity ?
One of many reasons Pastor Paul is rad: “: I've been talking to u about step 1 to having your own little Anakin!”
I hate when pills get stuck in my throat.
Baby gel does nuthing for my son but make his hair shiny
Thanks so much ;0
it can't?!
Excellent! Thank you so much!
So true!
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow. Congrads on all the awesome business success you've had with all the companies. Amazing!
so stressed out I cannot think
They don't happen to include round trip NYC-London airfare, do they?
Only 4 classes to go.
shut up I will
#sschat, Does any have key principles for portfolio design/curation for students? What are the three most important things to know?
What was ur fav memory of orientation: "TAKE ME ON A TRIP"
Let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; Let us shout joyfully to Him with psalms. -Psalm 95:2 via RT
but where's the snow..
By this time tomorrow, I should officially be finished with the 1st draft of my 2nd feature "Chainsaw Charlie" if anyone would like to read.
Have a good trip! RT : Heading to Baltimore for #ASA 2011
My little baby nephew just got out of surgery. He's good. :-)
Been out all day - recharging before seeing my #smgirlfriends tonight!
Im scared to sneeze
Why 😢RT : go take another nap ☺
I hate being a girl.... why cant boys bleed for a week once a month.... :(
RT : A spokeswoman for Gov. Dayton said Dayton hasn't had time to review the Tax bill being considered in MN Senate.
One Direction, if Selena ever tries to make a move on you, YOU RUN. UNDERSTAND ME YOU JUST RUN.
yeah man god willing ad thanks for asking
how bad
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Hahaha and the #Cubs take the L, that was a lot of fun.
Ball but it will be close!
he is garbage now. Woody gave him a chance he still comes out gunning. He doesn't get it. Send him to D League he sucks
Tonight I will be holding down the house at pop video located at Fez ballroom in downtown Portland!
It's time for a change of attitude.
haha its coo, I Luis where you from?
O how unbecoming... and thanks
That failed experiment when you try something new for your skin...and your skin reacts...negatively.
I called you today! txt me back when ya can
horses and car shopping for me!
Mike Brown let's see what u got!!
Five?!? Dang, that's uber-pricey spam.
RT : Objects in a museum don't have a place in the world without someone making use of that object. -
coyotes goin to the
Thank you Barton.
Girls fall i love with wht they hear.Boys fall in love with wht they see. Thts y girls wear makeup nd boys lie
Covered my short for a huge gain, back long before earnings.
Busy night fighting crime. Hanging out in front of the bars, checking out all the drunk hotties.
I walk around in circles when I talk on the phone.
Good luck to everyone else taking AP exams today!
Lived in GB and was a Gambler fan..now live an hour from Youngstown and am hopin to catch a game this week!
Keep me coming back for more 
Pity Party, table for one.
"Okay, Miss Giovetti, I'm showing that you opened your account… today??"
I don't want to be here, what so ever.
that is good news eric- more room for Roseanne.
come home now, k thanks :)
BUILDING MY HOME STUDIO STEP BY STEP COMING SOON... DJ LASH YOUNG FLOW RECORDS...STILL WORKING ON THE RECORD LABEL NAME
The thought of leaving u.. now my heart is beating fast!
This will be a long day. Math competition in Henderson, then a tennis match in Jackson, followed by the academic banquet.
The 2 part SPOT test can be used to screen prospective employees & to gauge the need for company-wide ethical training/individual counseling
hola how r u ?
I see that my life holds great opportunity for joy and fulfillment.
I'm happy when I should be. I prefer to keep it real, but err on the side of excessive hope and joy.
Vampires or Zombies, and why? RT Vampires, because they are sexy....but not the sparkly, glittery, poser kind!!
Sure np.I'll DM it 2 u.The timer is pausing at certain times. I ended up in RM twice while trying to reboot.Used TU to get out.
