Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Advance Wealth 's MD holding a webinar this April Leading independent financial advisors, Advance Wealth are holding a web-based seminar
#IWishYouKnew what I'm really thinking
hello :) hello :) hello amazing one :)
I was just sorting through my pins on Pinterest. I had accumluated over 1,000 and only used maybe a fraction of them!
Totally kicked butt on Oregon Trail this weekend. Eat it, 8-year-old me!
I'm back, and boy am I tired. ttypt... (talk to you people tomorrow.)
Your mind is a powerful thing, do what you choose to
Your follow is appreciated Saman. WE followed back.
ndsksjhsbw. Your perfect.
Lol is shit bored in science.
No but you are allowed to rage outside
LUCKY. I have $80 I'm trying to spend! ): No ride to mall ~~
lol old school Chevy Chase, interesting choice,
10 years later and we still live in FEAR?! Did we forget what we were fighting for!?
jus tweet me actuate of u (:
Thank you!!! I hope you enjoy what I find inspirational! :-) What is your pin-link?
Fighting NAGA Saturday yeah!!!!
Got a video of Collin's goal. Will post it later, and met him after the game.
Truth is: I feel so Old xD , I'm not so young like I was before -.-' 16!!!!!
Remember our God is an awesome God! Miracles still exists!
October 1 wis vs neb. Be there. Night game.
why u mad at me😘
Damm just busted a new tire. Back to the tire shop. And a long wait.
Today was the best birthday ever :)
yea they said that it was just announced that hunter will be there. we have to go. tickets starts at 20 bucks
endless possibilities
Rather give it to Keuchel for now and let Clemens get a few more starts.
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!.....
So excited to see M83 tonight!
Performing with the Voci Angelica Trio this Friday. For more info visit www.vociangelicatrio.com
we know baby
Sitting At The Hospital Crying Lol, Im In Pain Cuz -_-
raina shut up no one would take me seriously aha
At work drinking my coffee and loving life.
No I don't wanna go to bed mad at you & I don't want you to go to bed mad at me.
Whos a better match up for the spurs in your eyes. RT : Clippers are clipping
Happy Friday everyone.
#OOMF needs to wake the fxck up!
Oh and Kelly Price.
did Deanna still go to prom?
Watching #MSU...they would be a serious match-up for #Mizzou in the tourney. Run, play similar game w/ bigger bigs & more depth.
Someone just yelled Go Kings! Ruining my day bro. Already nervous enough.
Meeting tomorrow 7:00-9:00pm in Middleton Library! Come chill with your friendly neighborhood radicals :)
When someone hurts you, You learn to be stronger, when someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent..
Baby Tylenol Dude. And Baby orajel.
your the girl Derrick likes
Love Clifford. But, if it ain't broke... RT : Clifford is available if needed.
Some ppl only talk bad about others to take attention off them
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee?? :-)
Please make one. Please also wait a couple of days. :)
Why hasn't there ever been a buddy cop movie with Mel Kiper Jr and Barry Melrose?
I'm nation wide when it come to these hoes
I'll have you know our first interviewee for New Roommate asked us how we felt about dumpster diving apartment dinners.
that sounds incredibly convenient for the prostitution industry.
try the Banana Pudding milkshake! It's delicious! #YummyInMyTummy =)
Considering going for a walk today too nice out ☀
Hey, wanna skype with me?
Imagine if clay was healthy all year...
your nails look fabulous! sexy sexy, I'M imagining them scratching my back
Poor Julia Halperin just had to read an angry letter about a famous artist to said famous artist
Man, I double-greeted my neighbor on accident: "Hello. Hi."
Unless you are fighting a dragon wizard on the edge of a volcano in Mordor, I think Yes is almost always too epic for your activities.
Aw, feel better, Damian.
No violence, please!
I'd love to feature projects like the in car app design collaboration at Rouge Factory Tour. Public/kids could be fascinated. Connect?
I love you baby. I'm ALWAYS here.
“: Ima freak, I love the beat, just don't get none in my sheets” oh skeet skeet
I'm really stranded in cheltenham !
yep!!! At c2e2 in chicago in march
Enjoy tonights band #Dawn Weber & Electric Funk! Along with our Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burger! See you Tonight!!!
I hate that little triangle on the windshield of your car when it rains that you windshield wipers can't get
: Re: SCOTUS denies ASCAP: Who was ASCAP trying to get to fund these supposed royalties?
will you find a girl to play sunday. we have a double header and i wont be here :( Ill be just leaving NJ/NY
Mom just bought plane tickets for Washington.
So hype today is Friday!!! Just got out of practice bro's b-day party in a few:)
Wow! Walker, thanks for the great coaching, you ROCK! Get it? You rock, as in Rock Musical! :):)
Damm I got court today. "I don't wanna go to court"
Well Lubbock. Your clouds are brown. Congrats.
It sounds like "Fearless Leader" aka Scotty Walker will be talking to proscecutors about what he "didn't" know about. Beginning of the end
Without you, perhaps!
I was waiting for you to wish me a Happy Birthday;(
No one should take themselves that seriously.
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day. In the beautiful town of Hingham Mass today. I will take and post a pic later.
i come straight from the east where niggas split ya cantalope
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY. Hope everyone is eating as much as we are tonight.
Just got my new wireless keyboard for the iPad. Waiting for my stylus. I shall then join the paperless society. Partially at least...
Thanks.. u didnt see the other pictures?
Wow. Could this day get worse?
Business is a very simple concept. You have to pay your bills. If you have anything left over, you get to smile...-- MARK CUBAN
Based on my Facebook stream, President Obama is universally beloved right now.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
i'm sure it'll turn out really well
sounds delicious, let's do it!
I'm performing live @ the Best Buy store in Union Sq Fri Aug 5th @ 4pm! "et ya bosses know on Mon that u leavin work early Fri afternoon!
ok how long do you guys want the videos? 5 mins or 15mins? you guys really liked the last un-edited video. keep doing that?
Thnx for all the support for the cell phone drive
#HarryTruman (b. May 8, 1884; 33rd prexy of the United States, 1884-1972) | - "If you can't convince them, confuse them."
hahahahahaha - will be hard because I do enjoy a good pair of shoes
Things aren't looking too well for the HEAT :l
m last night i had oberwise cookies & cream ice cream(;
wow. Strong woman it seems. Sounds like she made quite an impact on your life.
what was up with the servers last night? matchmaking took way too long.
figured I'd let you know I woke up like a half hour ago.
World Population hit 7 billion today.
140 conferences in NYC are even more amazing. Next one is in June.
Experienced and affordable family law attorneys. Call now for a free consultation~619.338.9500
Doing a grad school project on a Carnegie library building. Carnegie libraries are definitely on the endangered list. Adaptive reuse needed!
I should prb listen to call the game on
Welcome! RT : At my favorite Tea House in #Baltimore for the happy hour, pre happy hour.
I enjoy my "Artist's Coffee Break" group. Artists getting together to sip tea and coffee and chat. So much fun!
The jazz four headed monster in the paint out dueling the one trick ponies on the clippers.
Agree...have you used iMovie? Seeing cool ESL video done with iMovie now...
Any Marylanders give birth recently at home? We're looking to talk to people for an article. Contact at
All #ReggaeINDUSTRY man & woman Nuff RASpect every time! Seen? It's all about keeping the fire burning...Protectors of the Flame! ~Selah!
I might have to start eating at Chipotle more after hearing that.
MAHOMIES GO HARD! :D
the goal is to not make him fall asleep while sexting -__________-
Just heard advertising for #constantcontact on #kywnewsradio great ad
people really need to keep their hands to themselves how u come into someones house n steal ..smh
When we say Wow (what's on where) we mean it!!!
ok, i love my man. despite throwing a hissy fit and being a bitch. i love you, john. i am sorry.
RT : JOB FAIR TODAY AT POTAWATOMI until 4pm. Over 45 employers. Free admission/parking. Take your resume. SPREAD THE WORD
gotta show some respect for the
whenever Quiznos and smoothie king do a trade off I get the rewards as well 😁
i fuks wit da Trayvon Martin case but r.i.p. D.FARROW
Thanks for all of your RTs. Glad to see you liked my tweets on #productivity, #GTD &
RT : What's the best place to get a brownie at? .... A good one »»Ur kitchen, use the "special" butter! ;)
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
Agreed, and thanks!
This is not good...
Let's Make this the Knicks last quarter of their season boys ! #whitehotheat ! #letsgoheat !
I think we went from summer to winter 'round these parts. :/ I love the fall, but it has been so cold!
I'm not sure but I think I might be Imy first tweed witcha gf! #excited?
ha! Love it.
Spring Flowers are in! Tell your loved ones, "Happy Spring" when beautiful arrangement of Tulips!
Starting at 8:30am, DCC Theater: Master Series with The People's Library librarians Betsy Fagin, Mandy Henk, and Zachary Loeb.
if people want instant effective action they should start gardens and be in community with each other.
this is my last tweet for tonight!
Some Lowe's hotel employee is a huge fan of Buble. Only a true fan has the Totally Blonde soundtrack to play in the building!
You are here to do something you are uniquely created for. No one else can do it like you can, that's why you're here.
Hey ,,u ready 2 serve 800 fine folks today.WE ARE! Let's show them nashville's finest food trucks.God Bless all!!!!
Okay... If you need me, let me know!
I get up at 6 every morning. This is the time success rises!
An entire generation is never going to buy a home because they already have a mortgage on a college diploma that didn't get them a job.
Glad to hear that! Emma & Erik are really good friends of ours :)
You too! I knew you were more than just an eye! :)
Watching Sonicgate. Just fucking disgusted. Fucking disgusted. My Oilers scars feel fresh.
block 7. i think they added bacon grease and pureed bacon to the aioli.
When are you guys coming to New York?
Chandler is HOT! He'd better cool down before he gets that 2nd tech.
hmm ; im sure we will figure it out.
A 91-year-old man dies in a house fire. Neighbors say he was known as the 'neighborhood grandpa'. The story at 11p.
Agreed! Christie does not seem to want the rumors to end; his passive/aggressive tone is getting very old.
We're having issues with most of Scorecenter. It's either really slow or impossible to access. Is that related?
Do you have any shows coming up in Vegas??
okay deal(:
Going fishing in the morning! hope I can catch a lot
“ How you expect me to respect you when you acting like a hoe!”
oh I pray for it !
Who beefing?? We Business men!!
I had lunch at today. Margarita Paradise for cinco de mayo. Yum!
So I am so tired, I'm about to pass out for the next 30 minutes.
I had so much fun with & 's mamas last night! :)
Interviewing Natuzzi and Julian Chichester tomorrow for our HomeBuildLife Video Report from High Point!
6:00PM CALL F YOU WANNA GET PAID TO DRINK COFFEE AND TEA 218 548 0886 Code: 417091# Inbox me after the call for feedback.
IT depts spend the inverse. Mac does not (repeat: NOT) scale to enterprise architecture.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...Eat up!!!
Be grateful that you dont have everything you want in life. You still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than you are today.
Come on #packers i love you!
Running Rebels is looking for #volunteers to help #tutor during winter break! Please email for more info!
Great weather 2day!! Lots of produce, cider Stop by Tiny Greens 4 some WG!!!
Why can't I quit you, second space after the end of a sentence?
Waking up a 5 am again tomorrow so what do I only get like 4 hours of sleep a day 8 more weeks of this
I've heard that 78 or 80 Republican members of the House consider The Notebook to be their favorite movie.
Kindness will warm your heart!
There is nothing I enjoy more than the silent treatment after a homerun.
Omg ah
Shawn Green
Cool. Tell all of your friends as well. Haha
haha yeahh! This whole week is fangirl-over-B1A4 week. I did Baro yesterday. Might have to do Sandeul again haha ^^"
thank you!!! Haha
Bushwick. Wilson stop off the L.
I want to see some zines, zinester!
Kimmmy Kim Kim is that bitch & I love her so much, she's the best sista ever, she's so beautiful. I wanna be her when I grow up :)
Also he made 40+ movies before he died at age 37. The man did not sleep and died from an overdose of sleeping pills and coke
you really are a city girl now!
Il est fait! Visiting Columbus June 29-July 1!! cc & anyone else who will be around! @
iPOPS $150k GTD in 46 mins...sweat me if you can! Tigh or LAG...not sure how to take the big tournies down? Anyone?
I rather work being bored gets me depressed
And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with You.
What to do today.
don't you have a game this afternoon?
Zero respect
over here too..when it should be snowing! #cuddlebuddy ?(;
I haven't read your book, but it's about time someone helps parents understand the terrorists we call ex-spouses.
Cayenne gargle not working for you?
Thoughts and prayers w #earthquake victims of New Guinea.
Goodnight my fellow #tweeters <3
Oh, lol, I'm slow. Well, lol, im back from a long ass walk, lol, it's like 90 degrees out
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 29
for sure
it's so warm here like 65,(:
Learning about consumer behavioralism with Catherine Roe!!
I know my sister will think it's crazy but I want to cook for my family for Mother's Day. It will make it seem like last year with GraGra.
how old r u?
Just finished writing a spreadsheet to guide us through a song tomorrow night. Yes, a *spreadsheet*. Let me have it.
shits getting real.
Great seats!
is working on our new website.
I am a #nyrangers fan!!!
That scene made me cry and I have no idea why???? I heart your familia!!!
Thank you!!
What's your favorite color? :)
so I hear! just tweeted an AMAZING pic of the sun in SD!
So my friends ex randomly slapped my ass in the club and tried to act like it wasn't him and now he's trynna Holla at me ... Smdh !
but you can't get mad for ppl calling what you say you are
Haha! RT : Band: "I want more reverb." Guy at bar: "I want more talent." Youch. They can't all be amazing.
Thank you--it's an honor to be included in such a great anthology! :)
Trust me, I am. Though that Avengers trailers was neat.
I just don't really get annoyed. If I get annoyed then it's pretty bad.
That just blew me
very disappointed that handsome coffee doesn't have internet. it was going to be my new work spot. yo talk to your dood!
guess you missed 60 minutes last week
It should be up in a few days :)
I haven't had mine, but what did Starbucks do?
Wedding Bells are ringing! First wedding shoot of the year starts tomorrow! <3
Hey everybody! Great positions are just around the corner. I will be posting soon!
#prayforeveryone in Japan, Hawaii, and California.
I'M FREAKING OUT!! AH I AM SO PUMPED!!
awe man, I can't make it this weekend. I got the little guy all weekend.
Juniors, are you ready for the ACT this Saturday?!
you all lied saw 3 is not on tonight....
When people lauugh and ask me what I see in you.. I laugh and tell them everything you dont.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Caitlin says i never tweet:(
always enjoy looking at photography and had fun at his open studio tonight
Thank you for mentioning us, Ms Tiffany. <3
I love bein a Leo....ppl say we love bein da "Center of Attention"...but it's just that...we like to feel recognized =/
Spring Breakers !
just changed my plan about 30 minutes ago without any problems...downgraded to streaming only
Following the American Antiquarian Society for #AAS3rdCentury conference: Research Libraries in the Digital Age
haha isn't that true! That's why I'm looking for more locals that actually have a sense of humor. ^jl
Don't go demanding Pizza on MY birthday...However, You shoulda come by... We did have pizza. MM
that's how I was when I skyped Sam! Idk if u know Sam tho haha..
T1: If health IT vendors take MD's feedback to heart, then they probably contribute to most applications in use.
Blackburn should be the next to go
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys✨
3 more weeks for me
Love it!
Super hot guy in line at the pharmacy...eavesdropping to figure out if he's single/diseased.
Just meet joe mauer and Danny Valencia!!!!!! Life has been made and Joe mauler touched my hand!!!!!! Ah!!!!!!!!!!
Haha wow. Mine just keep saying that someones talking bad about me. Under my messages it even showed that i sent that to ppl
I did mean modern, will look into product, thanks
Could not agree more!
Hello Jared, great to meet you here on twitter. Great to be handling a former member of Earth Wind and Fire.
Make sure you check out the men of OUTinCHI on twitter:
My head hurts so bad.
Hey, when did the Google+ app get cool? I don't even remember updating it.
"when life gives you lemons, paint that shit gold"
": Crucial win for the Sixers in Boston...way to steal one! #showyaluv" ET clutch in the last 90 seconds.
Queen Caveat, love the band and love the sound. Ever need anything give us a call.
Great day for a lunchtime walk. Get outside!
This is takin all day
...so I can change the color to purple haha lbsds
lmfaoo haha i cant even fight with u bruh u won..... THIS TIME! lol
It's great, isn't it? I can't understand how people dislike the place. Awesome ballpark.
Beautiful day today! Too bad yesterday was not, AT ALL. Which of your favorite Louisville restaurants did you treat mom to for Mother's Day?
That moment when 1 of your bros is gonna try to commit the robbery on you. #NotCoolBro -_-
Not Everybody Is Gonna lyk Wat U Do. Som Wil Spit Bak @ U. Turn Their Spit In2 A Scented Body Lotion, Smear It Al Ova uR Skin n Just Move On
“: Hey! What do you think you're doing??” I have no idea :-/
I created a simple slide video titled "long tail keywords" (sample) posted it on facebook, youtube, metacafe-they ranked 1-2 pages of Google
Somebody's greeting that morning good good👌👈 lol RT : I don't remember saying I'll do this, but whatever
Have you tried those?
Don't take it personally if I go off on you today. Except you #MrHarrison. Legit.
Thanks for the note... You have been followed!! :) :) :) #followback #teamfollowback #tfb #instantfollowback Talk soon!
Will do & right back atcha guys! xo ~ We're back tomorrow. Let's make this (long overdue) date night happen on Sat.!
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than a biker.
I want a Valentine. Dinner movie roses and hot pornographic sex. Is that too much.to.ask.4
Im glad I learned from my mistakes. Full attention to my future. Success.
thx for the follow!
lol I know! They need to win this yr bc its chipper Jones last yr. They're really gonna suck when he leaves!
It's GAME ONE people. Chill.
an NOBODY saw dat.
ONE MORE MONTH until opening night of the Magical Lamp of Aladdin!!!! Mark your calendars!
Kg was here!
Thanks to , , , Brian Engblom for joining , Thursday morning!
Nuggets feeling pretty good, thats great! They have "butt whoopin" on tap!
So, Who Framed Roger Rabbit? Find out tonight @ 7:00 PM EST! On Cartoon Network!
Shout out to heterosexual sexually active dudes that don't know what a cervix is
Insane in the membrane .... got no brain.
“: ✈ Leavin' on a jet plane. Lkg. forward to singing as guest with Trio Fri. 4/22. #Berkeley #jazz can't wait!
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck just completed the semi-annual Enviromental Health Inspection. No Hits...Woo Hoo...
there is also RSS feeds of almost every element (paragraphs, paragraph comments ) feel free to make suggestions on mailing list
I'm gonna be an asshat and blow up 's notifications, being the annoyingly wonderful sister I am(:
Heard power 105 is doing a tribute. We'll be listening in the office #RIPBIG can't believe it's been 15 years
Why Lakers why 😖
: I miss the days when every problem could be solved with Rock, Paper, Scissors
Wake up, look out the window, kids climb into the bed for a snuggle. GREAT way to start the day ...
I'm getting to that class late tmrw 😭😂
I LOVE HIM INFITY PRINCETON!
No. Juliet Will Stay. Ceelo, Save Juliet. For Our Sake.
You know your dating life sucks when 20 year olds are giving you dating tips...lol
Sometimes people say, "You look familiar... Are you my bus driver?" :)
So glad that you're safe!!! :D YOU'RE GOING TO FINALS! :)
can you please follow me? im an american directioner :)
Thank you for changing the world. RIP
"If there's anyway to have that by tomorrow (Wednesday) COB that would be extremely helpful." Business jargon WTF
Somber day today.
I am trying to convince my husband to go ballroom dancing with me. Have fun!
are you referring to that cute little 12 year old ?
Anyone have the video of KRIT on Fallon last night?
if you had a time machine, where would you go?!
Just put in a bid for a #brick #house. It's mighty, mighty!
I #wantanr8 because I would operate it with style deserving of the fine piece of art that it is.
honestly? How old do I look?
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CLL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
How do I know I've become an adult? I have never paid so close attention to a benefits lecture before in my life. Ever.
I wanna spend this beautiful night with you <3
Blast Delts today? I started to wear swim shorts to gym since 110 degree inside.
U should finally come to Bmore for the launch of our jewelry line in April!
Hey everybody, we're OPEN earlier than planned. Come on in for dinner and a drink.
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and to support you on your way to greatness
I prefer eating at the Y....
#JetBlue issues full refund to cancelled red-eye SJC to BOS. Nicely done Jet Blue
Comparing pre- and post- grad school resumes, I realize: my program has been great, and I got a ton out of it. Thank you !
our players have been riding me about not tweeting ...lol
AX Nicholson Street & Huff Court just passed the entrance to White Flint Mall
our pleasure!
In Fontana for a series Downhill race Scott is headed up for the 1st of 2 races. Riding his backup bike waiting on repairs for his Ironhorse
i can invite you via facebook if you want. that might take you off the waiting list
Awesome! Thank you so much!!
Copy and invoice by last week Feb and yer on? X
I'm like NASA, I can't do anything
Rediculessness cracks me up
Sounds like you have had some great trips...I'll be in touch about feedback...Next week I'm off to Brazil for a month...
I was hoping to win every series
time for the yanks
Thanks for the kind words. I can't believe it's been four years. Enjoy your weekend and always remember the summit.
Insomnia, what is with you?
Let see what u got RT : lets network and build i want my artisr on your show
Smh I hate nights like this.
Man. The drag time on Best Buy online orders from Black Friday is killing me! I want my iMac...NOW!
Big thanks to and for pimping our post!
(2/3) Joy is true Peace giving by God and NO ONE or NOTHING can take that JOY away. When you have JOY you're in a GREAT place/space,
oh i'll b here, wating
we're gonna be playing there. we got a lot of people coming, it's gonna be a big party
Why isn't anyone good at math. Why does my life suck.
Tune into E! in less than 5 minutes live from the red carpet is starting!
Thanks, BethAnn! We love supporting JDRF - We hope it makes you feel good when you wear it :)
Labels and songs are exactly what sell "beer" of that sort though.
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind. I see nights full of pain, days of the same.
Wise men sit back and listen to fools talk.
Do you get combat pay for that?
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Bleu Magazine is looking for an online editorial intern. School credit can be given. Submit resumes to . NYC based +
"we both say we single and we both lying"
Starting the new year off by working a double :D
you always got some smart shit to say, you probably be getting popped in the mouth.
RT : I already have the bidding at $50 for the Vegan Extravaganza
Love all around.
Hell yeah! who scored?
you ready for a new post? i'm ready for a new post...maybe something to read while waiting for the supp. draft to start?
On Saturday #FutureMusicMoguls will present their Final Projects as teams
Wanted to know if you would be open for 2 events at UJ, the CPC Crew and another one...
see ya tonight!
I want you to love me like I'm a hot ride;)
where in va?
What a Great Night
is gonna wrestle a live bear at #9FEST ? Uh awesome
sittin watching television... i hate wating tv it bores me but i had like 10 dvrd shows my mom wanted to delete :p
Working out while traveling is always a #challenge this weeks blog post will be how I faired
good morning !!!!!☀😁💛school is officially over for u-rise it to the roof ^ woot woot^^^👽coming over tonight !
Did you know that dogs have twice as many muscles for moving their ears as people?
"Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you do not have; remember that which you now have was once among the things you only hoped for…
awesome, thanks! I just found u on Facebook- accept daphne :)
PickUpLine: Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked
Well congrats!
Protein shake instead of lunch... Just not the same
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Just enjoyed doing some fashionable retouching for Jason Kibbler Studio.
I think you're idea of an automated semicolon debate is a good one. Then maybe people will stop wasting their time on this topic
holy cow man! Your blog about us is beyond flattering!
That is sick!!! I agree with you!
I change for NOBODY.
Playing TONIGHT at the with and the Migs. Let's RnR!!
GOOD MORNING DIVA'S RT@ ENTREPRENEURIAL LEADS TO LEADERSHIP. WE SHOULD HAVE MORE LEADERS THAN FOLLOWERS.
SEND SEND SEND!! FREE DRINK SENDS UNTIL ONLY 5PM!!
Media literacy is critical to broadening our world view. We must create counter narratives says Dean Renee White of Simmons College.
nah we like to see :P
I fell off the roof and broke my leg
She Just Doesn't Understand How I Feel About This !
Struggling in your marriage? We can help...
Hi, we do not. We represent the Hermanos Lurton Verdejo (old label was El Albar Hermanos Lurton). Whole Foods Nora has this.
You're very welcome!
No you didn't! That's amazing. We should gather up a crew for this year's Halloween. I wanna go to Santa Barbara!
“: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.”
The UK marketing industry is viewed as one of the world's 'centres of excellence' for creating effective integrated communication campaigns.
love it babes
The Network will be closed all weekend and will resume normal hours on Monday. Be safe.
2012 - Draw more - mouse less.
going to hazen pool
When/if you download Tera and start patching..go to Launcher Setting and turn off Peer to Peer. HUGE difference in d/l speed
will do wish you were here! RT“: eat some yummy food for me!”
Rainy day in WV ☔
No power great -.-
Put down "Pride & Prejudice & Zombies." Is this what it takes to "sell" a classic to the masses today? Action, blood, zombies...
I'm sure that will be a relief for the husband. I'm not very emotional normally, but I kept turning into this sobbing mess of pathetic.
Mirror : Oh,You look beautiful today! Camera : I don't think so.
"Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose." ~ Ayrton Senna #1 (21 March 1960 – 1 May 1994)
Because mobile phones are such a personal part of our world, mobile marketing has the potential to create a uniquely powerful impact.
Good Luck to at the Track Championships, hosted by
Brunch plans with the family has been made. Getting ready in a flash, because we are already behind schedule.
I LOVE MY FOLLOWERS! ( ü )
look forward to learning the surprise about
Im reporting the 4 of you.
Love your mission by the way...
.... turn that shit the fuck off and shut it down right fucking now.
Tryna hate on ma man weeeez
CNN International live streaming Syrian crackdown. Reminds me of Libya. Wait. Aren't we still there? War Powers Act anyone?
RT : RT : "Dreams are often divine clues to one's purpose." ~Janet Todd
Looking forward to jamming w/ tomorrow at the 150th Anniversary bash/ #LightUpNight at
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 52
please don't hate me forever. -gives OLLG ticket- :D
No worries at all! Can't wait to hear how it goes today. Let me know if you need anything this afternoon.
Hey, how was your day???
the whole time we were filming, he couldn't stop talking about how great you are.
Happy Hump Day! Stop by the Goat for lunch and start the second half of your week off right with $2 Mexican Cerveza all day long!!!
Wen ur friends steal ur fone and they send "i love u" to every guy on ur contact list.
The best part is they actually Taste good!
I finally got an iphone! I could finally talk to that bitch siri lol
Yes, The Brewmaster Is Bout To Jet Back To Vegas, But This Time I'm Bringing A New Game To Town, And A Bunch Of My A-List Friends!
Kemp: Great ideas for making archival digital collections usable for digital humanists by encoding data in TEI. S13
Promote yoursellf or business and sponsor me in the 2010 Miss California Pageant airing on the CW!!!
some girl named Haley once told me that I was the only exception! :)
RT : Loved the screening at :)*
Hm... would you like some more? I read PLENTY. :D
SO excited to be working w iconic British brand & opening the Newbury St location later this month!
Dr, Pepper b giving video game shit away
You alright? :( Hurry up and get famous so you can hire a bodyguard.
Super Awesome Let's %Rock RT : all good - how about with you?
Nice job on tonight! Very well said!
Client is giving away FREE timeshare at Tahoe Seasons. This is ownership, not just a week's stay. Message if interested
To Republicans relief and Rick Perry's credit he remembered who he was endorsing.
I really love you people, but not in a creepy way or anything (mostly). So many of you are amazingly creative and driven.
replacing tube with repeat as it says on your site.
Love doesnt hurt, if your relationship involves being hurt, get the hell out of the situation use your strengths to move on..
Instead of jazzed dating profiles they should use MySpace
Hm...Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Staten Island, Queens?
How wonderful! MT : High School Seniors are headed to #Joplin to help re-build today!
2012 is going to be the best year now my mom is thinking to go on a CRUISE to Europe right after we leave Dominican Republic #YEE !!!
why don't you get some already?!
Good luck to as she prepares to begin her plenary talk at MAC today.
your mom is a woman after my own heart with the Colin Firth movies. Nice choice.
(TRUE) ABQ ALERTs unlicensed contractor stole $7500 for construction work n' disappeared. Please take heed. Check credentials, license, etc.
why do they hide you on the early show. I can;t be up that early
I will
It's too late for the otherside
OMG I got sorted in Gryffindor!!! I'm pretty sure even my dog is judging me right now...
Also, why do I not own a gingham dress and a straw hat? This holiday is off to a rough start.
Legrand | Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
I have all the information I need about opposition to womens' health. Roe was 40 years ago. Curious why you care so much?
Checked it out fam it's not what we are looking for right now but never stop and keep grinding you never know we may meet again at the t ...
Are you trying to buy tickets or reserve a specific table?
the pleasures all mine.
Hello our house made Guac RT : What's cooking today? *Our way of saying Hello* , ,
Snowy night in Georgia....
I hope you're thinking of me, because thoughts of you drift into my mind at least a million times a day.
Glad I'm not the only one :-)
I can do that for you
Hoping that report is false. With Cook getting rocked followed by the 17 inning marathon, shouldn't Beckett have been available?
Grammy award winner, platinum selling artist Mr Cheeks... yeah that's the one :) Tonight at
Why cant you be close to me like you used to be?
#69Factsaboutme 39. I'm the oldest child.
Yep, that would make sense given the Chronicle props!
My sister arrives tomorrow. Watch out new york!
thanks for the follow! :-)
Oh that sounds like it could be a good inspiration for something. Lol!
thanks for the shout-out!
I love Focalin. As in I would marry Focalin if that was legal.
thanks for signing last night, it was cool just chilling and talking.
Listening to =^_^= I LOVE YOU GUYS :))
R.I.P Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys :'(
Now I'm intrigued - going to have to see it!
Sister, it helps with the flow! Have had to come to terms with it lately and give myself grace. Ha ha!
attn: please be careful tomorrow. the marijuana addicts will be out getting high on "grass" and then rioting, looting, and raping.
Check with your clinic but our introductory massage starts at $49
Weekend of spring cleaning, work and errands done! A few hours left for Lazy Sunday :)
Ah, I didn't see that. Interesting idea, depending on the community. I'd be worried about the small dev with the next big idea...
Idc what anyone says, seeing the Tupac hologram is suddenly on my bucket list.
Just spoke with and they have NO KNOWN ETA for their problem to be solved. Not the first time either. Great win
Have you stopped using your usual AV products because of cutbacks? Are you using a lesser quality case because of it?
Love is still the sweetest feeling there is, but you just have to make sure both of you feels it... At the right time... And the right place
Anyone still playing diablo 3 from last night ?
yesssy. Can you teach me your wise ways?
"Pretty bad"? Scoreless thru 6, now 2-0. Quite a blowout ... if this were soccer.
I deadlifted 225 lbs at #CrossFit tonight. Pretty sure that's a first.
i need a co-owner who would like to co-own :)?
alright um hehe what do you wanna do today and if you get me i sick ill kill you
I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have
"Keep a green bough in your heart and a singing bird will come." Lao Tsu
Have a ❤that never hardens, a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts. <3
Yes. I just read a hang glider got hurt there this afternoon. BTW, how's your nephew doing with the C.diff?
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can "Invest in Yourself" and control your Return! Coach Terry
I will try to work on it when I have some down time. Hope you are having a good week :)
Let me get some action, from the back section.
#Quick #Tip: Keep your #fonts consistent.
Tacos De Adobala + A California burrito <3 I'm in heaven.
AP: Obama says 1 year after killing of bin Laden, goal of defeating al-Qaida now 'within reach'
I been up since 4am listening to music not feeling to good
Happy Birthday
I am really banking on this thing to happen and if it doesn't ill be seriously screwed
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out! We have lots of cool music you may enjoy!
": #deeznuts RT for for new trend
And yet again she tweeted arrangement and combination
Lunch Dessert - NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
I'm finished with my shit
Our favorite pizza place in Baltimore? Joe Squared hands down! What's yours?
Let us know the who/what/when for your next event so we can help promote it and be there to support ya!
Celebrating the women in my life! #HappyMothersDay!
Day 39 no #coffee. Missing how great my apartment use to smell on weekends when the coffee finished brewing.
oh I will have to try that next time!
‎"Zap!" "Pow!" Say goodbye to your aches and pains this Spa Week. Call to book your massage now!
where are the plans we made for two?!!
anytime darling! You are one of the best!! And we are loyal to the friends of
The Capitol Steps have a show in Athens, GA @ University of GA Performing Arts Center 02/10/12 @ 8pm.
Don't follow us.....STALK US!!! #Atlanta!
With Arnold Palmer Invitational, Tiger Woods and He's BACK trending right now, I think it's safe to say Tiger is back on the golfing radar
And then the bass brought the house down...literally.
Hey, thanks! Pretty good thank you, how about yourself?
Everyone should listen to our new song "Hope Is All We Have" and like our page
i love being sweet baby you really mean so much too me im really happy your in my life
Brotherofman acoustic show tonight at HeadHunters in Austin - playing around midnight - come by and check it out
Exciting news - congratulations!
It's really nice today :)
I've changed SO much in the past month , but I'm really starting to like who I'm becoming.<3
I'm worried about Skywalker Ranch. Heard there is a 3-alarm fire inside one of the buildings. Fingers crossed
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 59F FAIR
Did I just see Bryce Harper steal home?
Taking it easy tonight after yoga killed my back last night...and then going at it again tomorrow. Like a champ.
It's not that I'm Politer than you - it's that you are Ruder than I am...
well I do now! Ellen are you a Yorkshire lass? :)
Reppin' the #LadyBallers and all Female sports fans/professionals at
same here
Thank you for your plug.
no big deal glad 2 c u n a better mood
Getting ready to make Saturday supper: chicken feta/spinach sausages, quinoa, & sauteed kale w/ garlic. What kind of wine would go best?
I think so...they are selling a 4 pack for $57 plus fees...they are probably up high though
😲you don't believe me...
Awesome! We are going to have a lot of fun!
I can't wait for our chat on ethics and of course all the yummy pizza from !
I forgot about Suri's Burn Book! Thanks!
Haha. Unfortunately for you (fortunately for me), I didn't have her. I DO have something for you for both Con Law & BA though
He makes me happy!(:
Thanks for following!(: Love your Bieber page on facebook!
would be great to get some idea how widespread it is, so thinking about giving docents a hashtag they can promote as well.
Were going round after round
Yeah i have her on facebook. :)
Thanks to the great people at Printwear for a great show in Dallas last weekend! See you in Indy June 12, 22 & 23
Made it through another round of cuts! Yes!
We've got Mom's Chili for the snack tonight (after 10pm) but $2 Cabin Still and $1 cans of Old Milwaukee are all day & night!
If I Die Tomorrow then I want everyone to know right now that you are all beautiful and I love all my friends and family to death <3
should be a good one. I can get all the games on Xbox live if you wanna come up for one of them
Oh, perfect. (As I eat my low-fat Greek yogurt...)
Goodnight Twitter Fam tomorrow is a big day for O.V.R.Its our Debut performace at Jerry Browns Gala !!! P.S. There will be famous ppl there!
I also suggested reading widely. Even if I feel like I don't like a genre, I'll take a chance and sometimes I end up loving it.
You guys have to step up your game a bit. The Hunter S Thompson one was the last one I liked. No more DR WHO!
talk to , I bet he knows a guy
BUDDY!! will take down the Bulls and storm through the Eastern Conference sucka!!
Going back to bed because I have no life.
This shit is going to keep me up all night -.-
U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!! Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me
If there's a limit how'd I vote so many times today? And yesterday??
Paleo cookbooks sound like one is boiling rocks or something
sure can
#RT If your watching
Is it me or does LeBron's head band just KEEP getting bigger??!!?? No need to answer its a rhetorical question lol!
You guys are mean.
What games do you want to see more of from Blast at this year's E3? Tell us so we can plan the best E3 coverage for our readers!
Tix to DC bought! 1st week in Feb it's going down. Will DM deets. Tell the fam!
my Luddite friend is somehow on Twitter and he is being really sassy about it. FOLLOW WEDNESDAY:
just fyi that Highlander Grog at Cup O Joe is amazing! I'm glad I ordered.
Omg these 2 bitches in my class have got to have thee most annoying laughs ive heard in awhile, sounds like sponge bobs laugh on crack x1000
He missed a dunk
I have a never ending love for Mads Langer and his music<3~Dally
www.thisiscyonflare.com Check it out! Much Love!
Planning travel in #2013? Our 2013 room rates going online this week so be sure and check us out for your #Hawaii Island stay!
I think I have a problem. I get upset when people don't load the dishwasher correctly >_<
in this day in age it might be too late. that clip will probably be on youtube soon enough sadly
that's OK, Johnson County: totally expected you to turn up your nose...
RT : #facebook is gay they should hook up with myspace. Pres says he's ok with that.
Matt, we've been doing recess before lunch for several years and it works very well. Glad we changed.
Ogmento is looking for a Game Programming Intern to help with our geo-social augmented reality games. Paid, Near UCLA.
Holiness is one word is "unchanging"; meaning your whole, complete and perfect. God is unchanging. He's asking us to take on His character.
hi glad work with
Hundreds of thousands of Hispanic students will be helped by student loan reform, so #WeCantWait #Obama2012 OFA.BO/NPXtsy
It is never right to do wrong nor is it ever wrong to do right. I like that!!!
If only you know what the future holds after a hurricane comes a rainbow
lol. So do I have to do the music too? Or do u do tht?? Lol. Btw, wht character were u?? I love beauty nd the beast! <3
Preciate the follow ma RT : <<< NOW FOLLOWING !!!!
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
just read about it.
Sleepuh sleepuh time. Gonna drift away to a sparkly world with Edward Cullen played by Robert Pattinson. Gimmuh some of dat! 
Thanks for the welcome, Chanel!:)
yeah, cause I'm gonna be tanner!
There’s a lot to be said about Super Bowl hype, but nothing better than a great #superbowl game. Bring it!
yea yea imma c how u act next week? Date night? We can go to Will's?
In a democracy it's your vote that counts. In feudalism it's your count that votes.
My mom gne be.Tryna.kick me.so.I gtta stack and.get me a house
I admit it, I really like you, but it is not worth it anymore.
u play hockey?
Thanks!! RT : have checked out many times. Love these guys and wish them the very best...
This band is REALLY good. Come out and see Escape Artist at Whiskey Tango.
some people just never change .
Remembering the time I flew the mile high club in the back room of a pimped out g5... went nyc-vegas-nyc in less than a 24 hrs... gambled!
"G-Thang" already? Is the second half of the set all Tupac via hologram?
I love the parity!! RT: Painful Top 25 meeting today-no easy answer at the top. Our rankings will be posted shortly.
Got to start training for lax soon. Even though it's 6 months away. Days of being lazy are over
Miss you too!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson and #NotGayEnough are both trending! Haha. Perfect two!;)
miss you to!
Nice to see SI already wrong on the KU prediction for the season
I love landing at DFW when there's another plane approaching on a parallel path.
working on new solo release. a 5-song concept EP.
So cute! Great choice :-)
whydo I look so ugly in ur twitter pro pic?! :((
Dayummmmm he's hot
What am I writing about?
Why can't all these people love Jesus Christ the way they love Justin Bieber?
On the south
I don't disagree at all, never did. I do believe in education through exposure though.
poor old michael finnigan!
Ambition is enthusiasm with a purpose. - Frank Tyger
Great but some events are national or international :-) Can that be considered during the redesign? #keepupthegoodwork!
Intro to Book Publishing class, how was tour? What rare books did you see today?
Thank so much!! =)
Good morning! Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day here. What are your plans for the day?
Whenever I'm feeling down I can always count on my windmill to make me feel better about myself. He's a HUGE fan.
That awkward moment when... you post a status insulting someone and they like it...... Like do they not realize..... IT'S ABOUT THEM????????
Congrats on the funding--good luck to you guys in future!
It was a big concert week in #CentralFL – which band is your favorite: , or ?
thanks bro! its good to know people actually watch those lol
RT : went to go see the avengers with and c;
In a Tyler the creator mood.
I see lmaao hi :)
"Limited voting power" is quite a turn of phrase.
I just found it lol
Interesting Night. I turned the Clipper game off with 10mins to go in the 4th. Does this mean I can't watch the rest of the series?
is saying Braun took and passed a lie detector test
For sure! I got the perfect material for this summer too! It's going DOWN!
time to claim what is ours!
RT Wow. Kids stay in school until your finish high school, or turn 18. Well done.
If you really want outstanding creative performance, you need people to focus on intrinsic motivations - factors inherent in the work itself
Damn Hot Shit , Gonna Be My Signature on my Beats!! B_FreeOndaBeat Daily!!!
Your tastebuds are wrong. Sour cream is a staple in my food life.
What the hell I didn't say that!
The ice cream truck music blasting from down the block seems pretty discordant weather-wise.
I hate having to get out of bed to go to the bathroom.
The amount of shit I've acquired over the past year is undeliverable
luv it, pole-dancing guerillanfilm style. ...but whats is "slag" for you american cousins. Lol
Very good
People are really excited about lil boosie huh? -_-
Chapter 2012 Page 47 of 366 Got a glimpse of my future today...looking splendid!
im not tired yet its 11:35 pm
Great fit #haventheardofhimuntilyourtweet RT Pats have agreed to terms with ex-Chargers safety Steve Gregory S who can play CB
The Brewers magic number is now 18!
I'll take note!
U guys have GQ and Arena! I don't think NY has got many men's fashion magazines either,to name a few: Nylon Guys, GQ, DETAILS, VMAN.
im confident in what i want in this life its just a matter of getting their.
I just want to listen to meek mill all day. Is that so much to ask?
I always tell my friends if I was dude I wouldnt date girls that drinks or smokes #NotALady lol
that means your sight is improving! how awesome - mine gets worse and worse, total blindness will surely follow
MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO was a perfect way to end the night!
6pm, but people trickle in at all times. we'll be outside unless it's bad out!
Our new Phoenix Arizona location opens next week!
It is all by design for this moment in time...
Please take a few minutes of your time and vote! Vote for who YOU want to see on OUR campus! Your vote is SO IMPORTANT!
Woke up an hour ago and iv been wide awake since 
Gorillas in the Mist with Sigourney Weaver was the #1 movie this day in 1988.
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure. Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
ending the first job going back to bed and get get ready for my 2nd job have a good one hit when I get off
Not looking very good for Fletcher
any woman who tweets the word 'breast', even if they're just talkin' bout making chicken, is a lesbian.
m...don't know why you trying to get yourself in trouble.
The Atlantic Posts Ad Gains in Both Digital and Print
Steve Jobs' choices as a patient has sparked important dialogue about active roles we need to take as decision-makers w/ doctors. Thoughts?
RT since when is having sex with someone "just hanging out"? what fucking world do you live in?
confession; I like to read like the REALLY good IB stories.
I have A great idea LETS HANGOUT YEAH
no censorship! ;)
Oh my. is on probation after he accidentally played Third Eye Blind on his computer.
Maybe will graciously step aside. MT I want et al to give Dan Savage instead of
just saw music video! beautiful voice, beautiful girl, beautiful video. its all just beautiful!<3
Can you please follow me? (:
If I could, Brother...
no #primesuspect on NBC tonight? what the hell!? i have no idea what to watch tonight. this throws my night completely off!
That's right! RT : takes the best pictures, esp of my road dog THEY BOTH ROCK IT!!!
Your never too young to succeed remember all the great people in the world were young once too :)
My rap name is T-Money. Reppin that
Countdown is on! The
we'd love it if you checked us out and told your followers to check us out!
Yes, talking right now, Ballroom 6 just across the hall from 10
Sounds fun af. Gimme a few months to bulk up and im
hehe that's why y'all love me
The Google zipper is
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing on. Heraclitus
fine wine and good spirits, an excellent time
- I have a new car, a 2011. The car I drove before that I drove for 16 years, until it died.
I'm not going to be able to watch "60 Minutes" in my right mind if I don't have some buttercream, stat.
Tell Enrique he's awesome!
iHad a cool mother's day
thank YOU!
I may not be at you poker night, but I'm playing #addbig too. =P
Sorry, doesn't look like we have those in stock right now.
Last day to take advantage of our exclusive Holland America sale. All new reservations gets a $450 onboard value booklet....
prerolls are basically small joints. already rolled and ready to go!
Thank you for your inquiry. We have deeply considered your proposal and decided to say: NO. I mean, we're creeps. It's what we do.
"happy chemicals" bwahahaha. gotta finda way to use that before the day is over!
kitchen aid mixer is off my registry! yay!
so where were you....
We are about to add a NEW fan page due to the typo in the vanity URL, so watch for an announcement on Dave's personal page w/the new URL
Honor the historic street grid... Chi didn't rename Michigan Avenue 'Second City Way.'
Well, I'm back at work...really sick of being sick at this point.
White ghost driva blue dot sipper this track is caliente ft -Husband or Wife -REMIX video coming be on the look ya
DITTO! Lets go
thanks for sending my way!
Thank You Margi! Be Blessed & Never Stressed
Why am I a fool?:) Whenever..let me know. He's always down to play.
Country music videos make me emotional
right on!
It is! Been a long while since I posted to it.
aight L c u later ull be callin watch ;))
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows
Grandma's Boy on
I always play your "we found love" instead of Rihanna's
wow.. the woman looks amazing.. thanks for the headsup.
thanks for the mention.
I second that suggestion. Its a fantastic book. Ms Vowell is a hoot.
Dedicate a love song to your valentine by tweeting the song name and your valentine's Twitter username using
Could I see this person's FB page? You have no idea how much I appreciate you posting this student's updates, though!
So Cool Out, I Didn't Say I Was Lbs.
Agree! RT : A3: Don’t offer an ultimatum unless you are really prepared to walk away.
where have you been?! I miss you!
I try to stay safe from that by only checking out hopelessly outdated quantitative methods books.
Grand Theft Auto 5? YES PLEASE!!!!! Pretty pumped up about this, cant wait for next weeks trailer!
Early morning to play golf! Its gonna be hot as fuhhhh!
Yeah, awesome concept.
Did anyone hear ask "How many times have you been properly in love? OMG!!!(: haha
first I had mizouno but they changed so I don't like them and then I had brooks and they were okay and new balance was good too:)
a solid shout out to on with
Just spent time with #CASA kids in the neighborhood, huge economic challenges, and the lucky ones with loving relatives
Yes I feel it! <3
I feel like I got hit by a bus! The only thing is that I haven't even drank in 2 day!
Well i just realized i made the Deans list : )
RT : and it's always with "lets go." Who's she referring to, her modeling partner? |Good question! Heel, boys...
Wilkins: Orgs need to be aware of what people are saying about them on social media even if they don't have a corporate presence.
thank you for the follow!!
I'll keep water close by next time, I'm in Richmond. I write poetry and short stories. Plan on freelancing soon...
did Mrs fleck call you about pictures?
Thanks for the continued support at CKCU 93.1 FM Ottawa! Peace!
Completley get your basking part...we are basking in picnic joy before we gear up for our next trip...
at least least you're doing good there. Btw, whoever said you look old is blind as fuck...just letting you know ;-)
haha I had a feeling. Good one(:
Just got the only tan. Gettin' preped for my big shoot with Rick Day.
Thanks for the RT
Just got out of target. Target is now gonna start selling fruits and vegetables on 3/27 or something. Coolios
I do. But only if you share those pain meds. Kidding!
note actually. I don't IM. I don't linger on fb.
I wish my :-) mom was a stay at home mom
gm josh
Roll on Sunday till I get back to NI and go play a bit of quality golf around Ballyclare again
Twitter just exploded. is back.
It's the only way to live.
Someone is paying some bad music in the bathroom on full blast.. !! Lol
#HappyHour at runs from 3-7pm M-F. Come in for $3 wells, Discount Drafts & $6.25 Guinness pints!
“: It's my birthday(:”happy birthday low key I think we met at mcdonalds?
OMGZ! We're gonna be on WGN morning news on FRIDAY! Check us out along with other sketchfest acts from 7am-9am!!
I need to get started on that soon! Can't wait!
hi raggs, happy thursday to you
the argument is not against my beliefs, but ignorance in general...always bring a book...freedom depends solely on the informed...duty calls
Looks interesting! RT String theorist Jim Gates on how the human mind formulates “systems of belief” in sciences+ liberal arts
IMPORTANT THOMAS REMINDER: ARRIVE AT LEAST ONE HOUR BEFORE YOUR TRAIN RIDE. WE REALLY MEAN IT!!! WE DO NOT WANT YOU TO MISS YOUR TRAIN RIDE!
Before you get started, smartalecks -- no, that wasn't last year :)
I think it's time for me to make a batch of homemade #bodyscrub. I like knowing what's going on my body. I'm thinking
Now I know I work tonight. Except where do I work again? Crap.
Off to Portage County Business Council tomorrow for a talk on Voice-of-Customer, can't wait!
I have heard awesome stuff about him! Poli sci faculty at Wayne is truly amazing! Read Brad Roth if you get a chance :)
Been on twitter for a week and totally hate it. I miss facebook...
chance to see Harper's Debut in person, u going?
would you layoff of Tebow? Get over it. In reality, you don't know anymore than anyone else about how he'll do as the starter.
What's considered "casual cocktail attire" for men?
Oregonian's Bruce Ely is taking a gigapan super-zoom ultra-cool photo tonight at Jeld-Wen Field... will be on oregonlive.com
RT : Our attention span has been reduced from 20 minutes to 9 seconds, largely thanks to Web browsing.
Have van will travel! Hit us up to come to your town.
You look so pretty today. Love that color on you! :)
Gen X moms are notorious "helicopter moms"
great to see you have a twitter!
LOL, i love it!
Some stats are useless..
Welcome everyone! Thank you for joining bartenderme.com!!! We will be continuing to update the site, bring the hottest events to you-Andrew
RT : So many hard choices at #heartcamp - I want to hear everyone!
you're doing a wonderful thing as an intern!!! Most of our West and Southwest clients, non documentation, are from east and west
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... play dumb... ignorance can not only be bliss, but it can even save your life under the right circumstances.
The Sun don't stop shining!!!
Texas Roadhouse is O-MAZING! Great steak!
very pretty girl
such an easy life.
I meant the iphone one lol
Next ppv #OverTheLimit i cant wait
These people don't get it. Everyday is Mothers Day☺
Good morning all.. Happy race day!!
I just DM my email. Looking forward to it.
May need 1 social policy for all employees, and 1 for people using social in their job, but not for each site. That's TOS.
well 2 bad for u
Cut to: Sergio Leone close up
Tweet w/ me or 1 of the other hosts ( etc) about our tweets, RT things we tweet or answer our ?'s.
You know when playoffs come someone sees something they like so they like that team.
#cfaleadercast Intuition is the highest output of a culture of trust. Angela Ahrendts, Burberry CEO
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love-- Mother Teresa
says: Traffic Lights are out MD-355 at Middlebrook
#Herewepurple My favorite color is purple! loving all the purple logo's today
Admiration of ya waist, salavating for a taste
Another great acting class with at the Performance Lab!
It's your first Ustream without braces ! so proud !!!
Thank YOU! - You've done great work here with LSS and we wish you the best of luck with your next big adventure!
FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS!!! Seriously....anything is possible when there is a WILL there's a way
AH! The crossword puzzle proposal on #Greys! Clever clever clever.
I'm excited!
Two Mondays in a row...not planning on going for three!
do you even have my number ?
FOLLOW ME
thanks suze! I love you too!
i want to thank , russell for his time, support, & resources that will & has helped the film project 3rd wheel forward
When Curling your hair with heat let the curl cool off before you touch it, and it will last all day!
Nah I'll do my hw later.the next day they say can I see Ur hw I forgot to do mine
Tonight I'm with vocalist Cathy Segal-Garcia at the Oyster House in Studio City CA. Jazz. Guitar, Bass & Percussion.
Aw, hugs! BTW, I sent you the completed form a little while ago.:-)
Creative Animal Relif radio show airing every Wed at 7pm ET time www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... new topic everyweek!
#iLikePeopleWho r just like me
Happy Groundhog Day! Almost my favorite holiday...
Sorry spelled pujols wrong in an earlier tweet, sorry Albert Pujols, welcome to the AL
Then what does this lead us to infer about Texas?! :O
Students interested in HCI research - follow #chi2012 to see what's happening at conf. and to connect with like-minded people cc
I'm not qualified to make a medical diagnosis. There's a reason I cook for a living: I'm not very smart.
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
Thanks! Yes, you, me, and about 2 dozen other photographers and camera operators!
I get it. I generally try to avoid helping other people in stalker behavior, unless I have it in for the stalkee.
Cultural Center breakfast special: Spinach and Feta Cheese Omelet with hash browns and toast $3.95. Eat in or take out. 941-625-4175 ext.261
so hot!!
John, you put the 'shiv' in chivalry brother!
happy birthday!!
So you broke up with me for her......wow I thought I was a good gf I guess I was wrong
awesome article! thanks for the mention!!
yeah. I'll be interested to see where he ends up, hopefully they figure it out this afternoon!
why did that lady spread #nutella all over her face?
Can you DM me your email address? I'd like to formally invite you to a Wisconsin Cheese event in Cleveland. Thanks! -Jon
Can you say one game over reaction?!? Where are the Dolphins when you need them?!?
just finished my 2nd draft of #detroitangel read through next week!
Anybody see the naked person walking down 390 yesterday? 585-222-2899
Rt! Next time:)
ETA within the hour.
m.... MT So... I hear its #NationalCoffeeBreak day .. who's offering deals in the #Madison, WI area? You might get some biz.
My kid's stock just came today! Now we're both official owners of the World Champion Green Bay Packers!
I stopped laughing at Michael Scott from "The Office" years ago. If he was a real person I'd hate him & fire him & probably put him in jail
You talk a lot of crap...
if your scared of course
Thought it was funny, but he missed key point: it's publishers who categorize books.YA has produced lit. classics.
DG! Dr Pepper lover! His weakness!
L.A. or Denver? Denver, easy.
TRINA is in today...Everyone start calling in and get the BEST FACIALS from Trina
Asked: "Who created Apple?" Response: "God."
Anybody who mentioned chocolate-chip cookies on their presentation got A+++++ from me.
April 5th is a community support day for 5% of sales for all the Oakland county stores will go to this awesome organization
He deleted the pic:'(?
re "What would you do if you knew you could not fail?" This is one of my favorite questions, & one we should ask ourselves daily.
Fab "I'm A Moron" Melo
I don't know either one, unfortunately. There are definitely a lot of Saucedo's out there!
Only if you give the first dance to me. Girl I promise I'll be gentle. We gotta do it slowly<3
I just played an awesome April Fool's joke on my intestines.
Good luck to all those headed back for a new semester at school!! I wish I was going back! LOL.
Grateful for people who can take the heat when chips aren't just falling, they're melting.
yes. Handles the ball well. Finishes great around basket with both hands. Runs the floor well. He's only going to get better
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character.-- Isabelle Eberhardt
I am here. :-) ": Lots of haters tonight. Where are my #teamashley fans?"
#gopdebate definition of Church v. State is well prepared tonight ill give him that clarifies Cabinet comment
Congrats to on getting that JD today!!!!!
i may be extra paranoid, but i can see bank account numbers on the check. I'd blur it out!
I would call you an angel, but there aren't any angels as beautiful as you :)
See you after Springsteen tonight! Save a cocktail for us ... "Glory Days..." ;)
you know *nothing* about Richmond Virginia.
We do play a very big part of that! RT Happiness depends upon ourselves. ~ Aristotle
Have any of you read Kraken and love it? I am having hard time finishing that book. Don't care a bit about that squid and people around it.
Great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite! Come follow us!
im thinkin if i woulda been ready on time this morning i wouldnt be so bored waiting now... lmao!!! woman =P ->KimBeezy<-
please follow me I would be so happy!!:)
You're a stud <3
in 7 phases of grief of divorce,seems gothru all each day,w/1yr til end of process,wife left after31yrs 5kids"for better life"at61yrs old;-(
Ask for Shawn. he is the bomb. Made this trip to #flipburger so worth it. Love the quick wit.
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '♥'Theyy Wanna Change That
THANK YOU<3
Kobe will always make the tough shots
I'm not a faggot twilight sucks ass
life is short hahahah so hit the blunt lmao
When children use social media, it is important they are reminded by caring adults how online behavior today, can impact their future.
and their hockey hullabaloo...
lol i wish it would stop snowing!! . your welcome :D
the new iSquid?
Get some ambition, why you bored
our hearts are with everyone in japan. hoping for the best there and everywhere else feeling the impact. LB under tsunami advisory...
Go Penguins!
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on their first round victory.
OMG so HOT!
Last set of auditions for Jack Squad 2, August 9th, 2009 at The Relapse Theater, 380 14th St. Atlanta, GA 30318.
it is a great opportunity but the first time being away from my son -- he is 22 months old.
Yeah. I had HIM figured out! LOL!
I want every1 that is in #AmarilloTx to go out and support #GGMG for #ThrowedThursday tomorrow night
You are pretty cool too!
oh nice good for you. Hope you get it.
you too!
got that right!! 2ID 10th Mountain Vet!
Don't cry. I'll buy you all the happy meals in the world to make you happy again! <3
Didn't he pass that law? Lilly Ledbetter Act, or am I remembering wrong?
yes I think so too, I don't wanna see this shit!!
awe hope ur ok now
Called Dad a Mustard Tiger for using too much mustard and he got really mad.
Printed the programs for the Yates/Wheatley football game. Hope you guys don't get rained out!
Just walked out on H and his bedtime shenanigans. My patience has reached its limit.
I thought I was your best friend!?
Bob Dylan Christmas Album? Whhaaaaatt?? This seems wrong to me.
Awesome BCC rehearsal tonight! Tomorrow nights show at the Highdive is gonna kill! :)
Hahaha, real smooth! Sidenote: We saw DCFC last week at the Riverside in Milwaukee. Tremendous show.
you rock!
Florence + The Machine? Check. Alterra Coffee? Check. Google Analytics & RegEx wizardry? Check. Here's to you, monthly reporting.
enjoyed playing selections of Haydn, Bartok and Ravel for members of Opus Affair Boston last night!
Thanks for the +K!
if its all rest you can compile it with sphinx locally
Whatever your politics, #weiner is the kind of person needed in Congress: pugnacious, principled and savvy, except when it comes to Twitter
ugh who actually cares about school? you…? of boy going over to the dark side.. i should probably do my homework
Off to LaCrosse to watch some state dance!
My only inspiration for waking up at 5:30 is working out with good looking women...
What inventions can you not live without?
#supportlocalmusic Playing songs now till 5p on Check it out
oh, they're wonderful people.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)......
Good Monday morning! Have you seen our commercial on your favorite show?
Tweet to LADIES:: if a GUy tells you he doesn't want a relationship with you..tell him KEEP it MOVING BRUH, I'm not gonna be a
Iphone better hurry up
Actual Comedian, thank you for the new twitter bio!
After countless hours of research, I've decided that there is no better study music than Thelonious Monk.
Had a hearty breakfast of ice cream sundae. I'm finally taking responsibility for my health.
thinking of doing an impromptu panel at SF-ACSA on experimental history; whoever is around - nothing too formal. interested?
balu, billy go kill it!
The Goonies, Interview With A Vampire, A Beautiful Mind, The Boondock Saints 1 & 2, Cool Hand Luke, Animal House, and I can't
CBS Radio didnt want ANY lax talk. In B'more? Dumbasses! MD vs. JHU 2nite - classic! Harbs & Belichick are here. Good enough 4 them! Bulldog
#smh Awful game ! Yankees turn the page bring the O's !
It's freezing in here...this construction project needs to be done already.
thunders the best in the west!
Neil Lane and Lynzi must have the same makeup artist!
full moon party in OB!! We play at Mother's Saloon 9-1130pm!
where u at kid
twitter friends.
Shooting very cool music video with the band "liars" overnight and tomorrow night. I'm a serial killer dry cleaner!
rich bitch
Have some good eats & treats!
Let's all line up in order of who's the worst daughter. Quick, everyone behind me.
I absolutely love spaghetti and meatballs. You makin' some?
Outside of Rachacha in the Finger Lakes-you?
“I wasn't drunk!” “Dude, you threw my bird to a cop yelling “GO ANGRY BIRD, GO KILL THEM PIGS!””
The NBA really runs Twitter
Save that goofy shit
Cant wait for someone to come along to sweep me off my feet
"He may strive to transcend all that is mundane and bestial, but in the end Ahab is a one-legged old man who requires the help of others."
“: Let's go #Buccos let's go #Pens” Well the Bucs got an inside the park homer so we got half of that covered.
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that reflection.
I'm so sorry :\ I know it won't be the same Dunn was the best and he will be missed. Love you Bam Bam<3
So bad U of A is not off today...
Is that it?
lol! Ur tripping, remember we have a 3hr time difference
I wish he knew...
SFO bound for NSVF and Imagine K-12.... Looking forward to getting energized by pitches tomorrow!
A moving tribute to a great man.
nothing to do with 1d: a SARAA alert has gone out for a 5 year old boy, Porter Stone took from his fathers side at STL children's hospital
We are all done in the studio! cant wait to hear the finished product!
Just drive by Santigold sound checking L.E.S. Artistes. Rad.
knew it!
Thanks Michael - I was proud of their work on that show and really appreciate your comment. Talk soon!
Next NWABP meeting Thursday 10/29/09. Speaker will be Kent Smith from S.C.O.R.E.
oh, i get it.
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Depends who’s asking.
Bitch betta have my money
There's nothing to fear but duck its self!
Bozo. Look at Jeter's numbers over last year, one of top SS in MLB.
I've been good blessed with no complaints!
The vows coming out asdfghjkl :)
It was hard to condense the plot of The Black Opera into so few characters. Thanks for rt-ing me.
Left is Right | Legal case launched after Hungarian actor attacked as filthy Jew - Jewish Chronicle
Yummy for the Mommy? Enjoy : ) one of my favs
cool! i ended up being out & decided to swing by. it was chilly :) i think the view on the east side is best.
i knew what you meant, me too yumzies
