how's life?
Who needs some jagar o I ment ?
yeah it was a pretty good movie
thanks for the RT. Have a wonderful weekend.
i wasnt and its 12:59 am here thats why im going to bed so sorry =\
"When i see your face there's not a thing that I would change"....(:
Loving Saturdays...
#turnon men dressed up
Working on RWA blog post. Got to debrief. lol
I'm not sure what I'm more excited about today...the scope for my SCAR arrived and I dropped the Camaro off to get fuel injected...
$8 for 3 Kids Full Day Visits ($24 Value) Plus $75 off A Birthday Party If Booked During That Visit from Alltimate Party n' Play.
Its now a FACT Is NEVER going to follow me:'(
You and me both! I wish they would catch him!
About to start live tweeting! Exciting.
1st 1/2 marathon since injuring myself last yr Hoping I'm more ready than I think I am Using this as training run & using some new products
Crud. Responsible parenting is calling. Gotta go...have fun & nice chatting!
Lumen, Soundbar, Buddah, or if u like the diverse crowd Crescendo, Detention, NV Penthouse lounge
How to Become a Tech-Savvy Mama - iVillage
Just wanna sing
My President has Wabash shut down!!! Police everywhere- wonder if he'll give a nice wave to the crowd by the Palmer House...
Home repairs, Maintenance, and Remodeling done by polite, professional, craftsmen. Need some help? Give us a call
I troll so much on twitter
hm lemme see cuz we got taylor too
so stay awesome my friends!
I think OKC is taking this one tonight... what ya think?
Redskins announced on Monday they have released the injury-plagued running back, Clinton Portis'. Coach
": praying brings out some new pieces before I go on summer break .." U say that like I post once a yr!! lol.
😳 I really don't have time for this
Just saw a guy at a stoplight in a Liverpool jersey. You'd be surprised how easy it is to tell someone you like their shirt via hand motions
Heading over to Cosmo 's to pick up some tracks :)
HELLO EVERYONE! =)
That was an incredible pass by Vrby
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Alex Guesta feat. Lili Rose - Thank You
Birthday next month >>>>>
OH: We are the UN of anime conventions! there is North Korea yet.
Hey lady. Want to not tweez your mustache when your driving!
his son claims that it was common in conversation in the small world of anthro at the time
Headed to #hacks4change. Will teams sweep?
GRATEFUL for & for a GREAT webinar on small groups 4/18 w/ ... GOOD STUFF!
thanks for RTs last week!
Thanks to my new followers and
Thanks for following... we have to get this word out about these predators!!!
What's that?
After warming up, your child should perform fifteen to forty minutes of a regular exercise each day. Walking, stairs, chores, etc.
hey boo! wassup?
I really wish you could pay online. Right NOW is when I'm paying bills, online. I don't know how much I owe you & you're not open
“: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out”
Text Message Marketing Drives Auto Accessory Sales for Auto Accessory Warehouse - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
We like that you're kicking it off with us!
RT : I just want to point out that the shuttle that NYC is getting has never been to space. The one in DC has.... #DC!#DC!#DC!
I watch the Food Network for the tits.
I remember how cool to see Justin Bieber get "discovered"... loved his story, his following his dreams... but now it's hard to watch him.
I'll do anything. Just keep. the cat. ALIVE.
have fun in SheBoy!
About time theres going to be another ps3 tourney!
RT : Intellectual Freedom Committee to discuss Tucson School Dist Mexican American Studies book removal 10am DCC Rm A309
- Any way not to pay through PayPal for Google Analytics plug-in? I want to pay with a corporate card and not set up a PP acct.
thanks for not makin dodgeball suck like they do on family channel
Checked out 2 nooks today! Kids requested books we didn't have and in minutes they had them in the library nooks and could start reading!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Very Bad Things
Hey, , any ideas? Good books on role of tobacco plantation in the Revolution? Looking for rare mix of insight/good writing.
#lgovsm Does it come with a Yembassy, a car and driver? :-)
Do see #Moyers&Co. #PBS and see #RoseAnnDeMoro speaking (she's awesome) of the
hahaha OMG come on !!!!
So, that's where you were! Missed you in the tourney. #eupl RT Day trip to AC yesterday and didn't play poker
I can do oversized, discharge, and all over printing.
So Sam L Jackson told AO Scott that he should find a job he can actually do. Nice job Mr. Jackson, except, Mr. Scott is a damn fine writer!
Totally insane on the part of the Today Show RT : #WH2012 Palin to Host 'Today' Show on Tuesday ... #TCOT #TeaParty //
Our Spring showcase already has some of the best middle school and HS players in the country attending, including a 6'4 7th grader!!!
Real recognize real, who the fuck is you?
Double D! Good lord!
yeah i did- once ours was in the fridge!
Yeah, you're probably right on both counts
gotta go bye :)
tea lights are beautiful right? Stay tuned for more #home accessories, you'll be amazed! : I love them!!!
True love seems to be such a pretty lie. We are fed fairy tales about prince charming, our knight in shining armor, and superman.
Lol at people who post about insomnia at like 1am
Getting lost in the music today.
It's a great day here at - let's get a win tomorrow and this week will be back on track!
International Adoption After Miscaarriage
You got it=) xoxo
You can get one at our next show Mikayla! We've got new designs on the way as well :)
A lot going on for Go Local! Stay tuned for new members! And keep your eyes peeled for #GoLocal info from !
Is that the right conclusion to draw from that study?I wonder.
One more week and Elite Fashion Academy LA welcomes more students to this amazing fashion family!
Fuck, always be my baby just came on pandora. Here comes the waterworks. 😭💔
A bite to eat after this early morning Matinee -- the show went splendidly!
siiiira that's so funny #TFK is
I might buy myself some for my bday
gonna spend time with the family at a cookout then gonna watch the fireworks 2nite:) <3
I love it when my skinnies get skinnieR WOO
": 14*" you'll be 15 before they get it
im gonna send it through a text
I'd take one if you've stil got some.
Rafael Nadal is a beast.
*~I personally think Beauty mama is just to ugh fo me she to mean yo~*
Oh CHYEAH!!! Silver Surfer all night long hyun
Well, I'm sadder than a slapped squirrel I didn't get elected to any offices as a write-in last night, but you can still
If the doesn't fine/suspend Delonte West for "wet willie" head push on Hayward, they'll have forfeit authority to players.
hectic day to day. dealing with business on the run
watching Family Feud. It is CARZYYA STEVE Harvey is FUNNY !!!!
The sitting and waiting for the right time to pounce is half the fun!!!!
sorry i got trouble i cant read your reply message :| wait
"moths carry a dust on their wings, a dark gold dust. That dust is the dust of knowledge.” -don Juan
Congrats to our contest winners: & each won signed copies of Grosvenor Square! Thank you to all participants!
Really want to go on , teach a thing or two about negotiating, then go into business and make him much richer!
Had so many good dreams last night... wish they would come true
Mission accomplished, 16 likes in just a couple days, going for 100 in the next 30 days!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix fags and child adoption»”
Aw lol ima take audio recording and production c:
What's the one video of theirs that you respect the most?
...marketers, investors, entrepreneurs, etc. that are "startup adjacent" (case by case basis).
your E THS was moving, wish the best for you and Bill. You are truely an inspiring person!
I also always order 4 donut sandwiches, glazed are the buns, chocolate frosted is the lunch meat
i love defriending people on facebook... is it bad that it feels so good?
Hi, Pete! Follow me ?
Good Morning everyone!
take a secret fitness break!instead of hanging out in the lounge with coffee, take a brisk walk outside. we promise your legs will thank us.
I wish you could join us. We haven't seen you in ages and we miss you. Any plans to come to Boston or SF?
I still think u need to find a vehicle to use your natural dance talent. Maybe that new show #smash will hire you!
Happy International Women's Day!
“: Habbo was the Thang when I was young” omg yes. Imagine if I played with you ahaha.
I'm in a New York State of Mind!
inner circle commitments
Fret not, hope exists. Miracles happen. The young feel it. The old know it. We all take our seats in the orchestra of experience.
def! Lets see the new images/clothing line!
RT : With - congrats on receiving $750k from affordable care act. #Rva healthcare for
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music & very good people! At the game? Xfinity Live PBR!
Feels like a P90 day.
HAHAHAHAHA. Best picture of him EVER! x
The week after. I'm on a sports business trip to meet with various companies in the area. Wish i could make it
#thoughtsduringschool I wonder if anyones watching me
And all I have to say is that needs to cuss more often lmfao xD
let's get on some grapes tonight. Where u at b?
Thanks for the follow you sexy folks you!
Pepper dills, not the sweet ones. Dip in flour, then beer batter, then fryer. It was a hard sell for me, too, but I get it now.
It's fun with census data (1910 data, that is) around the offices, in preparation for our upcoming seminar on Ellis Island immigration!
Thank you for the follow :)
"The one thing I like about flights at 9am is" the opportunity to go somewhere else.
that seems like the only logical choice to make! He makes a fair point, it's as simple as that haha.
I don't mind the work, just the pay
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo LOVE $ DRAMA 
University of Kansas is looking for a staff photographer in University Relations. Interested? Message me your e-mail and I'll forward info.
Thx for the follow. #LAkers Al Day!!!
I love my #mom <3
China Anne McClain and Sierra McCormick
Me too Megan.
updating the iTunes and iPod versions <<<<<<
It's about to be weak. Iman is going to win just because Lin is going to be throwing him a lob
WOW I really HATE emotions !
On the slate for tonight: the graduation exhibit. Come join me if you're in the area!
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we can arrive at an agreement.
yeah. ..I forget too
Frey, Triptych. Boy meets girl meets alien. Well-done exploration of the integration of alien refugees into English/Earth culture & society.
14-0 is the way we roll!!!
Ohkayy So I Hope Win The Challenge Tonite On Love Games
no u dont u havent played a single one of them
Is ready to do something that will turn heads.
oh my bad
Are we throwing musical references in now?
A man goes through stats from national exam on performance of African American eighth graders.
Signal report on the antenna: all stations except 47.1, Is there a 47.2? I have to put some elevation on that thing for Packer games.
I'm getting used to it. You forget how brave I am!
Damn dude they make yu take 1 to get in the school???
Good crowd tonight for #AUPSteadyRain! 2 more chances! Don't miss 'em!
hmm your too much.
haha, I appreciate it bud
When hairy legs come back in style, all those women who got electrolysis are gonna be real sad.
About To Make Another Pic Of Me And
Yea it does
Ya know what sucked? 1978. USC & Bama split the title. Both played on NYD in separate, glorious bowls. Who'd want 2 go back 2 THAT horror?
If you're ever in Nashville you should check out the Best modern art collection I've seen in a while.
Many rivers lead to the same ocean. Allow for many paths to take you to your destination. And always be ready for white water rapids.
Getting the deal done with Champ would be the ultimate PR move for the
That's a terrible blank stare Mr Bo Pellini. As Chas Barkley says "terble"
Softball practice.
Friedrich NietzscheIt is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
I say waits for me tomorrow (:
This is my only twitter! FYI :D
Thanks for coming in to see us with your madre!
Today @ 2pm I'm doing a radio show "All Things Green" w/ Lisa Justice. Go to www.wsRadio.com and click on Live Studio B. On our website Wed.
I would like to ask for forgiveness from Jakarta Indonesia--Nairobi Kenya has THE worst traffic jams in the world not you!!! in one now
thanks for getting back to me about this!
"be excellent to each other." -Rufus
Not over yet Philly Faggots!
Today is the longest day ever. One more class then nap then putty
We did, and so did more than 9.5 million passengers last year. :) Happy Travels!
Ask me in September. If the team wins 70 games as expected, then the homegrown players aren't good.
I forgot how possesive you were of the studio,you work in. This post had me LOL literaly
Crap, hate apps that spam my account w/o me knowing it. Boo. #shameonyou Cheers.
Win $10K in prizes Big Drum Bonanza w/Thomas Lang, Virgil Donati, Kenny Aronoff, Jeff Hamilton, Chris Coleman & Dave ELitch
Awe!! #SWIFTIESLOVEMAMMASWIFT Happy mothers say to you Andrea!!! Love you ya mamma:
Mother's Day is here! We have some little cakes she will enjoy. But come early. We'll be busy tomorrow!
hopefully it would be good for us we need the attention
Wish I could bottle Micah's look of pure joy after scoring a basket at tonight's game
Enjoying the first annual #BrewBash by Yelp. Looking forward to many more.
Thanks! We are now well over 2k fans!
Do you think the celebrities see my tweets? O.o
yes. you told it how it is aaha
As of about 12:21 last nite we are live again! Oh yeah...now to find what data is missing
So this one time in Mexico... I'm mean Alabama.
“: Thanks to Jake and the awesome crew at , another great meal!” yay. Thanks for coming. Glad to have you all in.
A U.S. survey shows that parents feel more uncomfortable talking to their children about #obesity than about
i agree... it's a little overwhelming. might be easier to just delete than figure out
Gonna do some yoga at Museum this morning!
": follow em!" follow these dudes
MT : Gustavo Arellano will be at The Autry on Sunday for our Go West Book Fest! Come check him out!...
Face hurts from smiling so much.
Twitter party tele-FireStarter jam. TMRW night. Free. Register:
yes but for college that's not too bad! I think you did very well for yourself!
Anyone have any experience dealing with Rochester Museum of Fine Art in New Hampshire? Or donating artwork to a collection?
Gifted student informed me the only way to control a gifted class was either by yelling or charisma. By default charisma? . .
Just got up early to go to skool
Everyone follow my company
Teixeira really gotta get his batting avg up...
Every single girl at the Lee Rd and OBT Wing House is smokin hot!! Not one troll! Hooters you suck!
Ammonites found mini oases at ancient methane seeps
I'm at the Fake Shea Stadium
First thing I see when I open my new ? in an ad!
Sometime in the next 6 months probably!
Hawks are a Great comeback team. Not over.
YES bang on it. We're so going to Disneyworld ?
thanks julie!
takes more muscles to frown then smile :)
Great stats on youth homelessness by Maria!
Just coming back from Christmas in Overtown; 47 F in Miami currently @ 8:30 PM
Still waiting on to text me back
Cleaned closet, went running, now for my reward: Couch time with 's "Drift."
The Inception score gives me chills... can't wait hear it in context of the film.
Magic Johnson, when did you become so rich?
good morning dam it's cold outside I. Did not know Florida was cold
Can't trust these hoes they nothing but set ups
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 26
welcome to our Twitter feed!
Thanks Darin.
are we going to have pay attention in class next year?? 😢
Celebrate our favorite day of the year with us! Stop by the tasting room for festive music, fantastic people and, best of all, amazing beer!
Dare I say it? I was fond of DMB's version back in the day.
Basically just made an orchestral techno song. I am well pleased
I did! Just did 3 months ago. How is married life?
Nobody can judge you as hard as you can judge yourself!
Somebody order a few more Trevor Hoffmans. We don't have enough of them.
Confucius Say, Never argue with a fool...he may be doing the same thing.
I wish you could come with me!
Im so glad to be home
Congratulations on dancing with the stars. I am in San Diego and will definitely vote for you.
ill try to find out and let ya know :)
U-Swirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.
@@ the crib watching this giants game bout to roll up!! damn atlanta trippin!! all we do is smoke, fuck, get $$$$$ and watch sports n muzik
“: However, courtney must go down! Lol”. please! How did he not know he was getting played?
LOL herschel just broke the fifth wall
Blunt+shopping=perfect for this dayy
shut up little girl!!
Yayy! I get to see my dad :D
I would be honored to have your assistance with developing this website. I might have some hook ups. Are you in Anchorage?
Front Desk Thurs: Oy vey! Been here 1.5hrs & just sat down! Joint's jumpn! Come visit our Gold Panning Booth @ Midnight Sun Festival on Sun.
agreed!! I'm looking forward to ur blog post re: "community managers"
everybody a damn thug....get real
Every #soccer team has'em. THE HAND FLAPPER: This player cannot run without arms up and limp wrist.
If anyone wants to be famous and star in a Verlo commercial tomorrow, let me know. We're looking for people to come to our Greenfield store…
“: Awkward moment when you are Facebook stalking someone and then you accidentally like their status from 2 years ago.”
pls RT -Tonight,from 11:00 -12:00 pm EST Xmas shop for $1.00..Upfront, there is also a free gift for all.Check back at 10:55 EST for the url
Yes it is!
Whatever your #dream is remember to b true to yourself! What is your #Passion ? LETS TALK BOUT CHANGE THE WORLD
Gil Roy!!! I'm not hanging out wit you so stop freakin txted mee
I'm still not used to this whole waking up in hotel rooms thing. But business is business…
My first thought today was..."man red-eye flights are the worst when it is freezing!" If thats my biggest problem today, we're good lol HAGO
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
So great to meet at #FabFest2012 today. If you at all care about your health, I highly recommend following her!
When a person we know is diagnosed with HIV & AIDS, most of us feel helpless.
I am a single mom of 3 without work but I am still going to donate to toy drive. No child should go without. :)
Happy FRIDAY! :)
The make brain reacts to good figured woman like it does to drug or alcohol
& PRESENTS with @ The LC indoor stage on 7/15 Tickets are $22 in advance.On sale 4/27.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. Lao Tzu
velvet underground friday night.
I think everyone should be informed that the word "masturbation" in Arabic literally translates to "the secret habit".
If you dont use it, you lose it.
Nope read the info. I am the inside scoop of Pittsburgh twitter fights.
Pool with and two honeydipps, pretty chill
OMG CATCH UP IT IS MY LIFE! Haha! Its so good omg
"when people look askance at you- you askance reply" -Alice Walker
There's gonna be battles in your life but with Him you can win every single one of them.
The chapter with the dog left me physically ill. Such a cool read overall, though!
I've solved the offsite library storage problem: offsite reading rooms. NYPL & other libraries should just acquire some coffeeshops.
Old MLS didn't not offer the tours, so many already have something in place. I think for many it is just learning something new.
It was great. Lunch at a nice restaurant is really a great way to eat. Less expensive, not as crowded.
Hey Aaron missing your tweets, come back and tell your fans what you have been up to. The SLTP ladies need you
In 2004 we almost got that wagon, but went with Matrix hatchback which had just about as much room and served our family of 4 well.
im so cool i like my own facebook status.
I um... decided to get my GED. I fell behind on credits & it got to be too much. Plus they couldn''t keep me in (cont).
Happy mother day to all the mothers
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy music by djphatboy
OMG. i didn't know. i feel so bad for them both! ): when did all this happend?
I, too, seek that $5.99 strip mall Pho of which you speak. Still waiting.
Headed home to enjoy this beautiful weather in the backyard with my parents, sisters and nieces!
You wear lying bitch so well ;) x
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-6
#nice thanx for the follow!!!
When Bergy is back...there is NO way Seguin doesn't remain in the lineup. NO WAY. He's a menace tonight.
John Hughes RIP Tell Candy Hi!
You heading down my way? I have to get out of the freelancer uniform, but I'm heading over soon.
Anyone want to do something?
At the gym... Listening to Yankees vs O's on MLB At-bat app
thank you! In really looking forward to this years prom..have you heard of Gatton Academy?
LOL! me too...every single time :p
If Rondo's assist percentage stands pat at 51.9% he'd be the 4th player to record an AST% above 50% others CP3, Steve Nash and John Stockton
HELP! My book designer just retired and I have three books I need help to get published. Do you know a good one? Plz send my way!
I don't have time to look up your arguments, but I already know there's no way they could support such a silly conclusion.
I'm so tired, but staying up to watch
Part of experience design involves knowing what experience you want your users to have and what experience they already have
omg I can't believe it I love the last part ah
Look for what YOU WOULD WANT on a website like yours if you landed there..then BUILD IT.
Thats good I will now be able to sleep at night.
I wanna go to that shawarma place.
i actualy watched it sunday night cuz i wanted to see french montana but i was watchn it again today -__- dont judge lol
hahaha you bringing me back with that one homie!! Wassup this week..... When u wanna ball & grub??
Again, Shoutouts to the new followers today. We appreciate your love and support. Website with merch coming soon. Be on the lookout :)
The Bulls game is giving me heart palpitations.
Coach Brad Childress gets a nice extension today. The news inspired an interesting conversation.
you missed an awesome gym priod.
Listening to Blink 182's Buddha as I finish my Christmas shopping.
I'd like to see a landscape example for Seattle - Grey sky, no rings.
The circus is coming! Everyone is out in the streets of Grandview waiting to see the elephant walk.
Hehe. Perhaps. Lots of slippery shadows on the island... Have you ever been here?
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars..
we will do our best to be there -- 90% sure. Great cause indeed
Best Practice 2:You don’t want to select your target languages solely based on the translation costs associated with each. Pick them wisely
Come, for the House of Hope is built on sand bring wine, for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind. -Hfiz
crucify them. but really. what kind of person just goes and pisses all over years of someone else's hard work?
Your full ebay name is Doyle/Moss/Stout
Anyone know how to seek out/browse bad reviews on #yelp? cc:
- Random Family by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc
Need a recommendation for a restaurant along the Fox River with great food, atmosphere. Tweet me!
That will be a good one >RT : I need some art conservation jokes for a blog post, any suggestions?
Hey Good luck at state! I love you! Kay bye!
No he gives you lessons to learn from and you have to tackle them the best you can...
I hope I'm blessed to become a mommy one day. Not today and certainly not tomorrow but soon. Lol I hear it's the best job on earth.
just trying to decide what clothes I need to get....I could use a few new pieces!
I'm gonna go listen to music & cry.... It makes me feel better..
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha
In the morning super early- I'll be there tonight.
today was dress for success.. all the girls wore shirt skirts and slutty dresses... real successful , right? lol
I hope everyone at uk got the email from Terrence jones, proceeds go to
that was good!
some people are just flat out creepy
I wish. We just both happen to be journalists with Michigan connections and the same last name.
Put A Lil Bit Of Hotsauce In Yo Noodles & You Good
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
yea but I still like barca and my other team is man u if they could actually qualify for UEFA next year
I guess i'll finish watching Hall Pass since my nieces aren't here.
I now have 2 nicknames from my publishers. #1 is Nikki B. and #2 is Nicole F&*(ing Baxter. #2 is a compliment, really. I like my publishers.
I'm thinkin maybe some golf and beers in a couple weeks? Let me know what you think.
Thanks to everyone at Roll Call for a great first day on the job. I can now be reached at .
Feel better!
Happy Birthday! :D
“: We all have that one teacher who's like, "Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!"”
Used QR code scavenger hunt w/ms students to preview new chapter with students. They LOVED it, engaged ALL levels of learners
Empty bottles and broken dreams life never goes as you plan it to be
If you weren't so far away I'd send so many people to you :)
We're often told that we should "forgive & forget." Forgiveness should happen. Are we being realistic about the forgetting part???
Columbus was lost!
#Imagine lying on the sand at the beach until you feel a body on top of you. Zayn:''Hey beautiful.'' *Kisses you passionately*
the wolf..because that's what Link changes into in Zelda :P
THANK YOU! I FINALLY PARTICIPATED! THANKS FOR TAKING YOUR TIME FOR OUR QUESTIONS.
I want a SINGER Confidence Sewing Machine!
Oops, I got that backwards. Iowa might have knocked Newt out, SC the end for Santorum, w/out
Contact the ones who can make a difference! Phil Mendelson, Councilmember - Tel: (202) 724-8064 -
#3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS R OFF!! :)
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
DRIVER TEACHER: "What do you do at a red light?” ME: "I usually respond to texts, check my emails & Facebook." -- Funny Solo ()
Attended One of the best hotel parties last night! I had a real good time! 😉
Thanks Diggz for the kind RT!
#RT of you from the
Introduced Hallelujah chorus to 165 students in my univ. choir last night Most never sang it. A thrill for me to give them the experience
I'm right on with that!!
OK. I admit I picked them to win. Can't help catching Crimson Fever.
Awesome bubble bath on damp gray day. What a difference the new hot water heater made!! Am the best homeowner I can be!
Spring time in Tucson! Book all of your transportation needs with Integrity!
I love sweethearts
BuzzE is a proximity based social app. See people and events near you. Download BuzzE for free from the App Store
Beth Lunz at Newton Lehman agency has handled all our insurance for 20 years. Call her - expert, professional.
Kinda weird how quite Twitter is about #mothersday. Is it because you're all planning a HUGE SURPRISE for me? Because I'm all over that.
RT :Interesting:TNT gets Derrick Rose & CSN gets John Salmons 4 on crt,post-game interviews.IMO,Salmons(35 pts)is the interview 2 get
LA has taught me a thing or two,I.E.Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.
16 years ago today we welcomed our second son and third child into the family. Happy Birthday, David! Love, Dad
Its important that you keep people in your life that are sincerely happy, and supportive of whats going on in your life right now.
RT : #10FactsAboutMe When i can't sleep , I overthink. When i overthink , I can't sleep.
I guess it is Spring now with all this morning rain. Happy Spring or I guess I could say Happy Allergy Season! ;).
Fucken Lakers are making me MAD!!
good idea... Cept you knowww that's about to mess up my outfit swag right!?! Lol
For fun try the City of NO's "interactive" map that zooms w/o you clicking & displays the Atlantic Ocean when you click on Chef Menteur Hwy
At Olive Garden. c:<
Jonathan Duhamel Stays Top GPI Player of the Year
you are risky and I love that about. Damn you sexy.
yo whats the link to that video we watched at the Studio?
Second bottle of wine has been broached. & Emotions (therefore) unleashed. Here's hoping they're honorable, or at least, not disgraceful.
Wow, the new Vimeo is great.
Great perspective on separating The Who from The Do as I like to say, from "Golf is not my everything."
♥ send me in DM your link :) and i add u sweetie ♥
Was it a sellout the other night? I didn't catch it...
why do you keep following and unfollowing me
Just spent like an hour typing up the interview with and then my computer deleted it all. Hate you too computer.
I love under the mistletoe
Chopping down an oversized tree at a church on Bering in Houston!
I hate when people lie about the stupidest things!!!
- Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you :))
thanks to this book I wanna diet right. I wanna see experience "my first colonic" my make up is coming out better. Thanks ru!
“: you guys rocked saturday night hope to catch you out there again soon!”. Agreed! Glad to be a part!
you will find unique v-day gifts -they supported at the NEXT Burlesque Benefit. We love SHAG! www.weloveshag.com
thanks for the feedback! We may need some of your expertise!
: Happy Birthday Carmine! Hope you have a great day!
I mean u could make a very reasonable argument especially in the wake of Rose injury, Clippers shouldn't even had tried 2 win at that point
Pay your taxes everybody!!!!
yeah she's holding.on but its getting bad
anyone else feel like this day is moving at a turtle's pace? le sigh.
I attend Bolton high school what about you?
NICE. Speaking as someone who's done 90 miles in a trip, it is a sunoffabeech but totally worth it!
Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it being unhappy, dissatisfied, or anything else you can be.
stability is the answer/wanting you
. Tonight I still am not liking Gibbs and JLC. I wouldn't want to see a 60-30 thing (yuck!), but a 60-40ish thing might work. ;)
really I'm doomed. I'll have to go to all 4 days next year of you don't come. So get you arse over here... ok?!
"The world belongs to the energetic." That's right! Wake up! Morning, Voodoo
who is he there to see?
its gonna be a tough road ahead without you this year, but get healthy and come back better in 2013!
Mother Nature must have been drinkin' the orange kool-aid, because this is very well-timed rainout/night off for the
Got to play with a baby duck in study hall<333
You're in my past for a reason. So stay there.
Good morning everyone!
Idk why they are talkin bout pat summits son on ESPN
will you stop it with all the #gasprices tweets? Stop tweeting and start working. All you ever do is complain.
#DailyQuote: "The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much." - Thornton Wilder
I don't even use twitter anymore.
I wouldn't be totally against a drive to kendalville.
Is anyone really surprised that DNA testing can't totally predict disease? Hello, environmental factors!
Omg I haven't been on this account in ages.
I'm not picky when it comes to guys . It's just that I have high standards.
Going to get my hair done 😊💇
:: Five Voicetracked shows and four sponsor demos...I think that's enough for one day, thank you!
not yet but will soon
thank you, kind sir! You're a rockstar yourself!
I am a long time supporter and constituent. Please know that I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Thank you.
Big week. Today = 1st of 2 leading a course design workshop, then starting a Winter term trip to Italy on Sunday.
Phillies not as good as some thought?
hope all is well Charlie!
I haven't been sorted yet, looking forward to it!
thank you so much!
it's gets noticed a lot-- what you say!! ?
of course you can get a follow back my nigg. Lol
alas no. Hope it will be on Ted soon
Your presentation turned my macbook air into an easy bake oven. Mine is way less shiny :)
u kumin this way or what
Yeah yeah. Excuses, excuses ✋😒
if one direction does a signing in orlando i will be there like 3 days early omfg
Its game over for me if I lay on my bed for a split second 💤
S/O to Mr. Manley for making me teach myself. I don't know anything about WW1! 📝📖👎
Thanks. Do they replace immediately, or do you have to wait for it to be mailed?
I'm about to pee...
Food fact of the Day:For this Leap Day Feb 29, 1904 Johnny Leonard Roosevelt "Pepper" Martin, baseball player was born.
Out to eat with my favorite guys in the whole world <3
i am going to white water tommorow
If Rick Santorum suspends campaign due to family issues, just imange him doing the same if he became president.
That is very good
#Vanderbilt closes the first half on a 13-3 run to take a 33-23 lead into halftime against
Ha! :-) In all seriousness, I need not to feel like a criminal ordering a veggie pizza sub. Oh what drama...
My phone is constantly getting blown up by unknown numbers and weird text messages from people I'm not familiar with. So annoying. 😡
YES! Like for serious, when we get back from tour.
It would take about one box of sour patch kids and a shirtless Leo scene.
*Plugs in computer* "99% Charged. "Well that's good enough" *unplugs computer* "100% charged" -.-
There's 2 sides to every story and more than 1 perspective on a planet with 7 billion humans
ya, ok
Your Welcome!
Man, the Chinese GP this year was fantastic. One of the best F1 races in recent history, methinks. Need more of that wheel-to-wheel!
wow, never seen a check written to me with that many zero's
Thanks for the RTs and We love our tweeple spreading the word!
"OMG, he looks like gay Rodney Dangerfield" - Ben on Randy Jackson's pink plaid AI jacket.
omg Thanks!! :D
"To begin to think with purpose is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to...
.... we do something on new media and the "general public"?
I really really really want to go see footloose today. Who else thinks it looks amazing?!
Thanks buddy! On the flip side, I actually know something about #wine b/c of you!
RT #Escuchando " Think I'm Crazy " de Chamillionaire Feat. Natalie - Album: The Sound Of Revenge ♫
Psalm 83:16 Cover their faces with shame, LORD, so that they will seek your name.
always makes me laugh how a drop of rain brings dc traffic to a stop. it takes 8 feet of snow to do that to chicago
Our new SAT Prep session will be starting on February 5, 2011. Please call our school for more details! :)
That would be awesome! I bet they could make more money too.
Should go to bed soon, game tomorrow
Hi :) Just reminding u to follow us ;)
On the bright side, I'm feeling tons better today, woohoo!
I think you're running way above expectation
I'm still here babes... Let me know if you need me...
I burn down buildings while you sit on a shelf inside of them.
Sitting at flying j. Only in kentucky>_<
Hey , Happy Birthday. Glad to share it with ya!
new music new year, and i feel it all in my ear
what! that sounds like pure happiness. when/where?
i know! Baha!
Great spot on the News Hub. You were fantastic and it's awesome that you guys are talking horse racing.
Gre( presense on defense. Already two steals.
Classic response. Steve, make it so RT : Saigon grill?
Thanks you! :)
No doubt fam.
No problem!
My own blood sister is trying to shit on me lol
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
Just finished watching hitchhiker's guide and sketching a new character design. On to more artwork!
Let me know how it goes!
The more you act like that, the more you push me away. Just saying.
Barry, absolutely!
Happy Birthday =)
I love getting my grandma things, but it just sucks to have a whole day to remind me that's my moms no longer here.
Ready to go home!!!! O.o
Laughing isnt cool anymore. Dont laugh just say "That's funny."
i will shoutout you if you follow she follow back ... rt i you follow to shoutout you ;D
Can't wait to see get my pics back from my shoot today. I know one thing I'm hungry as hella Bella!!!!
Beer today gone tomorrow
Watching little giants is probably one of the best ways to start super bowl Sunday
Gah! Screw school!
You are sneaky like !
#ImHappy because #God is #Faithful and He keeps ALL of His Promise!
Thanks RightBlue! Just started following you.
When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it!
Excited for your giveaway! I would love to try the miso glazed ahi tuna!
Actions speak louder than words Mr. President.
Heard some good news about a final exam!! Now need to study.
paisley in a couple weeks!
I just text jodes so we can plan our trip there! 👍
#top100lies i love you..
What pisses me off are those who expect students to do the work of a professional. Student Interns are still learning. Sorry, but (cont…
Josh Reddick #Athletics having a big game.
Good Morning for my people
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
no - we're all set on that front. just keep updated on the new features among the different players.
Just go to his twitter link.
right? soo how was sociology all last week #seniorproblems haha
Catching up on season 5 of Californication because I have free Showtime. Show is great to begin with, but adding RZA to the cast? Awesome!
Win awesome new #electronics for #pennies on the dollar! BidFather.com
so i'm havin a debate...is there a difference between an "ole lady" and a "girlfriend"? tell me!
oh wow! That sounds great. Students can really become teachers to others with such a wide range
. Al of that for Xcode? Sweet...
I like situation questions b/c then I can tell what I have done and give them an idea of how I think.
I was born to tell you I love you... ^_^
i like the Halloween/Michael Myers movies and the Child's Play movies ..... PS check out my myspace
thank you!
stick googley eyes on them!
my phone is a piece of SHIT.
Las Vegas Cash Mob, just one week away! Let's make it bigger than the last!
Let your thoughts be Self Approved & your life will improve. Do not seek outside for what is already within you!
Living in the Midwest /Milwaukee to be exact, you have to love gray....it doesn't stop, it's the color that keeps on giving
Back at you homey , wats cracking your way?RT : All Star Barber #SHOUTOUT ▬►▬►▬►
what are you doing
I'm open to you sending some to me overnight
damnit man....every time I go out to the bar I spend way too much money on the jukebox cuz of you
Looking forward to tweeting with you
sadly I didn't see it at a store but rather on a person (who evidently could not stand me)
The springboard of success gains momentum from the energy of setting goals.
You guys are Dr. Who fans? Should be a good program!
Sasha Baron Cohen pouring Kim Jong Ils ashes all over Ryan Seacrest is one of the funniest things I have ever seen
I will be! I saw you speak in LA two years ago and am looking forward to another talk from you.
for three songs! I paid for an hour show.
Here we go! Who's ready for FREE? The next 9 posts are for YOU!
MF's always turning it up and getting it in at the club. I never see any of this going on. lol.
I absolutely love when Turbo sees or hears another dog, because his hair stands up, and he looks like he has a mohawk running down his back!
a wonderful bizarro world mr drum-tastic :)
My last tweet was quoted by Thank you!
doctorate, eh? In what?
:Greatest name for a donut shop EVER: Glazed and Infused!Opens in April in Chicago.We got to try them & are now obsessed!
Thinking my photocopy of "Fly-fishing the Texas Hill Country" really needs a new, loving home.
registration opens at 6:30, opening ceremony at 8, race at 9. Will be fantastic! See you there!
Maybe if thy'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
I agree with the many comments that note that last season's chefs were more qualified. Thank you for the link!
Gambling for the first time today! You don't have to be 21 at the casino I'm at in Miami! =)
not sure if you saw him and Finlay last night, but that was also great
watcha doing 1st week of Oct? Thinking of presenting at NCSLMA in Winston Salem. Is that close to your brother?
that was a long-winded way to say, "No Gem, I don't do that" lol
fuck my life. and jacoby ellsbury MY FAVORITE red sox player dislocated his shoulder last night! WTF.
It's Friday Fish Fry at Beta featuring Lake Perch from with crispy shoestring fries! Reserve your table now!
Of course the thunder comes as soon as the long weekend starts haha
Putting aside the market disadvantage that creates, those who ALWAYS renew 1yr scholarships are already accomplishing that.
thanks so much for the follow. Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
Idk what to do, do I just let ny guard down and just fly or do I keep my guard up and stay. Fighter
If one of the 3 LT's are there, I'd take Cordy Glenn but I'm not an overt draft expert. Martin next choice, Massie from Ol Miss?
Category: X-Ramis, movies where Harold Ramis plays a doctor
Yeah, I was yelling at them yesterday! And I always defend them when Josh says bad things about them. What jerks. Miss u too!
CBS 58. I have stilettos.
just burped & sneezed at the same time. ouch .
I feel the same! I have to finish my MS, write 2nd draft, read 2 books, get it back from my agent, edit and query before labor day
damn bro! big ass wipp
Got anything to back up claim that poor = bad driver? MT system based on driving history would likewise 'penalize' the poor
Eyes are known to be the most complex organ apart from your brain.
- The last 10 min of the match were awesome! It was a nail biter once they added 5mins to injury.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. ~Mother Teresa
Enjoying my new office space. I'm on the come-up
Hate it when I get so angry, but I can't do anything!
Listen to @ this afternoon talking about 19th century fire protection on All Things Considered.
well wish I could find that #soulmate. I think I did but she just being hard.
"compose new tweet" drastically overestimates how much intellectual effort I put into words
We hope everyone enjoys a safe and fun-filled Memorial Day Weekend.
Ikah Love tonight gonna kill it! Come see the best hip hop night in San Diego and rage with me!
did you get anything at bedbath&beyond
Thanks for the recent follows
#DescribeUrExOnlyUsingMovieTitles Liar Liar, John Tucker Must Die, & A thin line between love and hate!
it sure would make trips on the subway less awkward
yes c:
that cover always creeped me out.
“You are capable of much more than you are presently thinking, imagining, doing or being.”-Myles Munroe
boy boo! U ain't tight lol
having "no you hang up first" fights with your best friend >>>>>
Dr McNally from U of Chicago cardiomyopathy and genetics
Amen. RT "It's a network" should be the beginning rather than the end or answer for our inquiry.
Is that a boy or girl?
They showed a replay on the other broadcast. Smoked.
if i owned the world, i would take him back to you so he can make you happy again! haha
my armpit itches.
RT I hate it when I pee in my pants and people think its just water that splashed on my crotch from washing my hands.
Prepping for our volunteer celebration. Those who serve this ministry freely make a huge difference. Thank you to our volunteers!
Last event of the day for me will be readings by Erna Brodber and
RT There's no food in my fridge #SadForLife / :D
I <3 horseback riding! :]
My calves are so sore I can barely walk lolololol it ain't pretty.
FYI everybody...I'm sending a tweet that I go by KKAL too...there now I'm searchable...ha ha
such a warm beautiful day here in the A.
“If you open up and awaken to the Creator within, your world is transformed.”
Everyone is leaving.
Can't wait to see & on Saturday :)
can't wait for you to do my anatomy packet!! :)
I have really enjoyed your posts this morning. I like to try and focus on the aspects of the relationship that are still good.
Yall Bay Ridgers... Did u just hear thunder also???
Lake erie here we come vacation! cedar point, frank lloyd wright house to visit and just relax, oh and going to bergman's farmers market!
Buenos Dias ! Can't wait to hear all about your #socialmedia initiatives :)
We'll be combining this twitter ID with our other one in the near future. Please follow us there if you are not already.
#HipHopPOV ithink album is very versatile! she has set and broken records as a female rapper! pop or rap ain't nobody messing:)
idk.. something a lot of people are interested in.
's music picks me up on even the worst days ♥
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) :D
Well everybody i will be back later ( bbl )
no way! RT: #WhiteSox, no contest. : which team has the worst farm system in the majors?
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!41
Maybe got some Dino or Glenn Medeiros coming up next?
I miss That So Raven so much
Might get a heavy check by the 25th. Gonna spoil my momster.<33
Follow me on Instagram #Follow Back :)
Im sick in the middle of summer -__- wtf?
my #zombiemoms mantra is I won't get to snuggle baby as often when he's big, so get as much as I can now, day and night!
My favorite thing about this is the phrase "instantly archival." Like, "just add water!!!"
Online collaboration continues to evolve! Looking forward to 2010!
We apologize for any inconvience we may have caused you. We hope you come back soon, your first drink is on us :)
anyone will do..I can't arch my back or move my hips..but its okay I'm not all hopeless! (:
looks like someone likes copying jokes lol
#GOODNIGHT y'all.
On the phone cooking dope at the same Damn time
Ohh Monday, how I loathe thee.
"Some fools rush in, some fools just wait. I never had the heart to tell her - So I had to have the heart to break." ::the love language::
RT : “Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” Ray Kroc
Just watching porn and wishing I could just have one more multiple....
lol why I gotta hush!?!?!
Happy birthday
I really want this cupcake vanilla candle for my room.
Well, Im at school..
God Is Good, All The Time. Your Relationship With God Is By Far The Most Important Relationship You Can Ever Have.
Will their majesties be staying for supper? # thekingsspeech
May the force be with you! :) RT Does everyone at #MashCon know today is #StarWarsDay ?
Keith, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Thank you! That would be awesome. Let me know how I can help
mine is on the UPS truck today..... You were putting me off it with those last tweets ;-)
you dick! I sent you a very important text that requires an urgent reply and here you are tweeting I c u
Man, it feels good to finally be done with everything. Remind me to try to pace myself a little better next year :)
Lalalalaaaaaaa it's Friday!!! That means I get to play play play tonight! Sweet.
I can't imagine a version of science ('regnant' or otherwise) in which astrology is science.
Just read your piece on DC's digital pricing. Really informative, clearly stated & now I know about Marvel's deal. Loved it!
See if you can get a hold of Tony Knipling at Vecenie Wholesale. He gives a lot of industry talks.
Man, #ASCO - great ideas for utilizing #technology for internal/external stakeholders...#CPD and #CME!
Listening to "The Joshua Tree" for first time in like 15 years. Sorry, #U2, but I was more without than with you.
thanks =D
Nutcracker in Denver CO - excellent performance. Highly recommend taking the time to take in the show this Holiday Season!!
Your kids pay for your attention.Oh wait, it is the other way around. Don't insult your appearance, others can do that for u.
what happened?
oh good! I was wondering what was happening over there...
then she took my chips away....
Rain sounds so nice
:) cheer up okay? smile :)
must be nice, enjoy the games!
Orange teams Open Mic Night from 8-11 at Good Brews at 82nd and Quacker
Several times a week, just your choice to eat Great Food at our cart downtown will help food banks in the region feed struggling families.
Good point!
A lovely welcome to all of our new followers!
just hit me in the head with his iphone.
Life isn't fair.
LOL I'm talking about my mama! I've never dated a partially black guy. SO SCARY
Happy Birthday to Bobby's. Momma. :-) ": Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! with....... xxxoooo"
Pitchers and Catchers report tomorrow morning!!!! 2012 season almost underway #setyouralarm via
"find chuck norris" then hit the i'm feeling lucky button
ladies, they love me! all there eyes on my money.
Nor was this the first bad customer service from these locations. I don't just light someone up for one bad time.
2. More. Weeks.
Playin da heist funniest game ever
Bayside with Ashley and Julian!
When I was young, I never wanted to leave the court until I got things exactly correct. My dream was to become a pro.-- Larry Bird
thanks for the RT!
I believe women is the most precious thing in our lives without them men wouldn't be the ruler of this planet.
I swear-- 'Down To Earth' describes me right now.
RE: LaMarcus' hip, Acting GM Chad B. says LA didn't aggravate it when he fell last night vs Hou: "It's just been continued discomfort."
Snuggling with the puppies is even better when it's chilly outside!
Give the girl reign over Animal Crossing. Come back: holes. Holes everywhere.
jealous ! I'd totally watch this with you! boxing on the tube always reminds me of my pops.
ughh homework again tonight!
Thank you! I like that you're watching and THEN you're able to hear me say tornadic! :-) Have a great night!
Happy 1st birthday to our store, DT2!! We've been open for a year today. Come see us at both locations.
I think we all knew that the Tigers would be a defensive liability this season, but averaging 3 errors per game vs the Twins is asinine.
You need to come to the Knicks.
have been hearing of these mass retirements since mid-90s in public history. When happens, often not filled
go on the road now you zeet
Shades of the Departed is actually a different publication, but they do have some great content.
Yes. Message received. You're impaired? Uh oh.
Where is Eric when I need him....@ work ofcourse:-(
You're a Celtic fan, that's expected.
I love productive days! Meetings and strategizing :)
Fed chief Bernanke says European debt problems have eased, but the crisis is not over.
Besides, spring break when I went was so much fun and I wanna do that again :)
One of my UMD students ended her rhetorical analysis of the uni mission statement with "Fear the turtle!"
Saw the Floridians in person... Steve Nash pass!
Unable to function today. Goodbye and goodnight
I'm looking forward to Marc Cary!!
Pioneers get the ball refs fix the split decision. What do you do now?
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby
pumpkin everything!
FREE champagne for girls at tonight from 11-1...just text CHAMPAGNE to 38714!
it will be back in tonight probably
Let's get foamed
nope but i don't mind i don't care for random ppl to be on my personal accts anyways
Damn, that looks good
I do what I can
Thank for the follow! Are you a director? Can we connect on Linkedin?
2 pages per day can generate enough writing to easily get tenure
OHMYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD LOSANGELES?!??! YOU KNOW HOW LONG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT?!?!?!? . <3'
You mean there's a cat sitting video you can play while you're gone at work for your kitty? With birds and squirrels? CK is so getting this.
And you'll be getting the storms that went through here last night. Not a good combo w/ the heat. :(
But were they pix of HER baby? RT Jessica Simpson sold baby pix to People Mag for $800,000
Thanks for the #FF!
The Vivians are looking at old pictures trying to identify people. "V" goes "If my mother was here she could tell us who this is" "V" is 88
And I understand that, difference is pros have $ to buy new players, universities do not, must recruit amateurs
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 12
This G.O.D, now bitch nigga go get a J.O.B.
Thanks so much for your support! We at are so grateful!
producers we need beats NOW! get at us:
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout signing up at least 3 new RSVP members. Looks like we'll have a great new class of Senior Ambassadors!
which means nothing is gained in a better direction. It does not mean those D's that voted for Obamacare bill without public option..
That awkward moment when you're watching #mob wives and trying to count all the times Trina swears .
Almost lunchtime! Come check out our Market "Meat & 3" Your childhood favorites + 3 sides. It's sure to make your Monday! See you soon
IT'S NAME IS TEDDY NOT SKYLER!!!!!!!
Thanks for following me, I do and will follow back.have a good day and a better tomorrow.
thers only 5 things you need in life.......god, family, friend, music, and love
thanks for the add Elena!
Haha glad you enjoyed it. Can we get retweet?
So when are you and Ricky Three Stacks meeting up for your celebratory circle jerk? Enjoy your 15 seconds.
fine sigh yes. I keep forgetting to make that cake your little sister made, it was so good
New ideas for #eyeworks: hoarders, my strange addiction, intervention, housewives of Amsterdam, biggest loser, plus-size brides
lets through it down.
And you're on vacation where other people live. What a crazy universe!
How do u put a video on twitter any takers? Do I have o have an app for it
If you all don't know who is, find out. He's probably going to be Mexico's new president come July.
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
OK, so we don't know what they do exactly, but we're delighted to be followed by - Latin American Willy Wonka candies??
Guys, Dally hates me.
where was your profile pic taken? PS your meatballs look delicious!
haha not really... I don't really think going to parties makes one any cooler
sing Stash sing!!!
Its too early for me so imma go sleep Good nite
come here baaabeeee.
see you in LA!
Let's go Hawks!
My whole body already knows it will be crazy sore tomorrow after today's workout with my trainer/partner Jermaine. Hurts so good!!!
. ...but "best" as a personal preference should be favorites. Films that encompass everything for *you*.
Yes my word today is PANCAKE:)
that show is gonna be sick
But give it some time, 'bout an hour or two, and will have drank so much, that you'll be drunk, too!
At Port Jeff Chrystler Dodge Jeep.. Ill be promoting here all weekend :)
follow back :D
lol ok then what kind
Fingers crossed for you, too!
*Her RT : his attitude tonight <
This lighting is crazy
Back to my internship today! Excited to be back in the office. :)
negative nellie. Your boy hung in there pretty well. Or did u swap him for Ackley?
well hello there we should get together sometime since I really only see you like once every two years.
the skinny red fox jumped past the boring dog.
that's deep on some real
I'm so hungry, its infuriating
Who he is following made me laugh. The guy may be good at baseball but his judgement sucks.
Another excellent reason for Miamians to stay in an air conditioned bubble from May to September
(The King story was eventually called: The Word Processor)
'everybody knows' is the
i know i was saying he probably ate both of them. i was being sarcastic
no one really had any ideas for me, so I think I might start my own.
hahaha this always cracks me up.
REMINDER: Hollywood Pitch fest on The Tonight Show tonight...Pitch to America segment.
Leaving home early, great day! :)
Diva. ❤ RT : oh, #JeffreeStar is trending worldwide??? *puts on lipgloss*
ah I never heard of them until this weekend and now they're everywhere!
Happy #ACBW2012! Any specials you know of?
I know, i know, but I realized I didn't #ff you and for that I apologize
thanks for the #FF homie! Have a mega-rad Friday :)
Yo momma so dumb she thinks the president supports the gays because he is one.
Glee is amazing tonight
We are now on Twitter. List us
Lord Of The Rings or Star Trek?
1. It was pretty funny thank you.
photo shoot with super hot model, Keyling Fernandez, and fashion foto pro Jason Maddox
Everything you say always makes sense :-)
Please follow my friend and advocate Certified Career Development Specialist. Check her out now and subscribe like I do!
Are there any Arianators or Jordanizers who live in South Jersey!
#LAStageTalks reviewing new work carries a different responsibility to the audience.
i am better understanding lost.... they are showing lost right now, but its almost over
Already had an animated discussion about emotional sermons in jamatkhana and we're not even in the car yet.
the treadmill's for queers
Ignoring the word. Off this -.-.
Mentions&Timeline= Dead.
Hi Mary Ann What's the best way to send you a business item at the OC Register? Do you have an email there? Thank you.
OMG I love the sun!!!
It's just this simple: I'm sorry Officer, if you don't have a warrant, you need to find someone else to speak to. Bounce, leave, jet...GO!
See? Atheist ain't so bad after all. We let it all hang out. :P
You're welcome, thank you for letting us resolve the issue rather than going elsewhere!
u got it mane.... #BallOut!!! Lol
I haven't been in the mood for new vids hun :(
just got home from mardi gras and damn its cold in indiana
& taking part in a milestone in the life of a "True Live Princess" 05/26/12. I can't wait! This is history!
#ThingsLongerThanThisBrewersCubsGame The time it took me to write my 5-pg paper for my TMJ4 internship...unfortunately.
&#9787; Protect your Liberty
I am sure about 3 of you do. The other 66, not so much.
Verified client's employee social security numbers the other day...guess who's was compromised? The owner! Someone is using it illegally!
The poo-flinging monkeys in the house are at it again. Now the pink eye has spread to the other eye. Crap.
search for a QA Manager
Great to meet you, Quinn, and look forward to that drupal tutorial!
Partying at a gay bar with a ton of republicans woop
Schools gonna suck tomorrow. Why...? Because I didnt get the stupid poems for elenis, that's why
i still love you tho... i'll eat for you okay?! Lmao
Boarding the last flight. Ready to be in Texas.
just saw a Red Bull car
Have you seen the Winslow's Home feature in the newest issue of Feast? Yum!
Gas was 19 cents a gallon. I could stand to have those prices on next West Texas road trip.
Making my way west from Cleveland to Seattle via American Airlines. Covered wagon would be more enjoyable--and possibly faster.
if you liked Man on Wire check out King of Kong. Equally spectacular doc. And for chrissakes watch Dark Knight.
You make an excellent point. Mini-Elvii (yes, that totally is the plural of Elvis) can make any situation better.
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
hope you got some cheesy crackers today!
Argh, yes, I would love this. Packed my son a lunch every day, and he still racked up quite the bill.
Twittering around when I need to rehearse. OK. Lots of new friends following. that's great ....rehearsal calls though ......
Thank you and for a great discussion!
We'll have to have our own rose party soon! :-)
Thank you princess! ❤ Besitos y abrazos.
Anyone else @ the #MissRepresentation screening? Look for the #RebelliousWoman buttons & say hey!
It ain't love that I feel for you, that spot is taken already but I like you
judging bar competition at Tobacco Road tomorrow, I better get some rest.
The more I change and grow. The more I want what I used to have. Only one way to get it.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart "I should have gone to Plato's Closet" lol
#GTFOH WITH THAT FOOLERY YOU TRYING TO PULL!!!
so excited I have a roommate 😊
That's was me, buddy. I figured mightiest well
Q2 Make sure you have lots and lots of hard drive space and a good relationship with the tech person. Fast computers help, too.
ya ya goodnight
I got tunnel vision for this Wendy's though. 👀
RT : Thank you SKC nation. Can't express how much you guys mean to us. We'll be back
howdy Emmett, how goes it tonight?
Use AEGIS Extreme II Resin when repairing windshields in COLD WEATHER! The thin viscosity easily fills the tightest cracks with your...
Working on the APUSH assignment when my mom calls to accuse me of "playing" instead of "working."
We have the Apple TV and Netflix. It didn't take us an hour to set ours up. I thought of adding a Roku box.
Thanks for asking! We plan to open by the end of 3rd quarter & will have more specifics as we get closer to that time frame.
it was this morning, future of libraries, super fun! Got to rub elbows with Maureen Sullivan! She said she'd hire any of us!
hey gorgeous! congrats on all of your success!
He sounded like a dying cat
an McFarlane action figure of u to u & get u 2 sign them & personalize them 4 me? Dont want 2 sell, just huge fan of u & da U
thank you thank you!
Can't wait to get to the to see the Food for Thought exhibit!
Anyone want to split MLB.TV with me this year?
Forget #rockstarteacher! I'm jumping over to 's
Clearwire Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Ya I'm on that rose but im not on that bulls shit
This is genuine. It's what it should be about RT RT : Kaskie: there is nothing cooler than good music
we saw it in the theater with my dad when it first came out -that was when I was little in #sanfrancisco we loved
“: Blessings & Happy Birthday... Robert Nesta Marley!”
Who would have thought that pink eye would be a cause for #accidentalinspiration ?
I honestly need a new phone. My phone is SHIT. Complete SHIT. I am so done! Nformdhwlsbdn e
WE appreciate the follow Robert. WE followed back.
Red wings should pick up suter... And the brewers need to figure something out fast.
What would I give if I could live out of these waters? What would I pay to spend a day warm on the sand?
they could do the female "dumb and dumber" with that car!
Back from school!!! Weekend yay!!!
listening to T.I What you know about that?
Its really #annoying when every other #word has #this in one #sentence. Take a Chillaxitive people
Where does the winner of the Strikeforce HW tournament rank?
Discussion of USF/ICC reform, Carol Mattey, Wireline Bureau FCC, giving overview.
We are busy, busy this month! Wine Supper at Pacific Coast Highway on the 14th and Happy Hour at Tatu 22nd! For more info/RSVP casabalt.org
I just wanted to say high-hanging.
Saw that too! They stopped to let me cross in front of them. Perhaps that was foolish on my part????
Thanks for the RT Have fun tonight with Pecha Kucha!
I just followed
aw thkz so wht u doing
Why are you talking about us? Stalkers...
no problem!
If you don't like your job hoe, QUIT!!!!!
Paco's is a proud sponsor of the Florida Collegiate Summer League. Diamond Dawgs v River Rats tonight 7p - Sanford www.floridaleague.com
Got my schedule for next year. #EastAngels ;) ♥
Facilitating a 2-day day Career Transition Workshop for mid-life career changers.
“Often ask God for the grace to touch hearts.”
Got my ticket for the UK Legends game. Center court, lower arena! My awesome brother got them!!
Seriously considering driving to Brockport now and hopefully catch the end of Jack's/Big Sean. Anyone in?
#childhoodmemories Getting sexual excited from a simple body wash commercial.
#FF for my mock software license negotation last night with your law students. Hopefully they learned something.
Have a Super Sunday! Spread Love!
Everytime I hear "Can't Even Bait a Hook" by Justin Moore, I can't help but think that J.D. from Scrubs qualifies in every line.
hey how are you?
What is "hot gerl"?
Happy St. Paddy's Day weekend! What's your favorite watering hole for grabbing a green beer or any beer for that matter?
Great morning.
were used only for bad guys, meaning that they got in Colt's way, they "cornered" her, so they would eventually have to die...
Why am I up so early -_-
So I still have to get the hubbs an X-mas gift... Need Ideas!!!
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get to crazy tonight!
I'm so out of it today... I just wish I was someone else :(
Difficulty, my brethren, is the nurse of greatness-a harsh nurse, who roughly rocks her foster-children into strength and athlet
Got pizza instead. You needed to know that.
granger is a bitch OJ bout gave it to him last year
OK, so we've been quiet here! Our page views per month are now over 800K and we have over 1M ad slots. Shouldn't you use one of them?
: I feel a real connection to the news (NPR, ABC, etc.) via Instagram than any other place. #cmgrchat cc:
Haha *put him down gently* *drops him* ahahag
Just signed up. I'm an intellectual elf (thought that was the closest to how I see myself in the mirror).
watching the baskeball wives then bad girls club!
'In 1906 one of the founders of the #ANC said history will tell of our race, this cry is relevant today,' Amb.Rasool
Party time! :P
Tonight is made for whiskey and living room dancing.
Watched both of TDs from last night over and over. Damn we need him back in cats gear but glad he's killing it
when is #cmworld? sounds fun
And if it's lik that than it's lik that
something big ill tell ya lata.
i WiSH THAT DERRiCK R0SE HAD A TWiTTER
- Game 7 action is intense !
that's the first time seeing Paulie, and that's exactly how I thought he would look like! Lol!
Thank you Citeh. I've finally seen a collapse that surpasses #Inter's in 2002.
♀It's never to late to start a new beginning♀
Ah, makes sense.
Starting pointe in June #excited ☺
great article explaining the responsive design process - I forwarded it around our design and front-end department, thanks!
Thank You So Much, Have A Great Day ;-)
Having a box of Dunkaroos should be enough to make you realize you should probably be working out.
sounds good, hope the seachickens win. :)
We're super excited for tomorrow and hope to see you there! Check us out at table #35!
just thinking that.. what do they mean by sg?
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
missed you too!
Colt 45 two zigzags baby dats all we need
if you are going to start an on line petition, why not petition for something that is actually going to work?
Always my favorite tool! RT Storify in real-time > RT : "Overheard at Dell Annual Analyst Conference 2012 #DAAC"
Thanks for following! :) Greatly appreciate YOU!
And to you, too!
We're getting killed in the house races. Quick! Everyone go vote a second time!
pues casii casii! Y lo dices just because you're the one that's loosing all this weight -__-
I KNOW !! I pre ordered i can't wait to get it ! & it leaked online so u can already hear it !
if u want the tix let me know asap. Would have 2 get it done today.
Great job today guys! Don't forget tribal belly dance tomorrow at 4:30 visit www.rhythmastudios.com!
Two-dollar Tuesday ! Come get any drink for just two bucks!
this is really painful to watch
That was the saddest debate that I've ever seen.
Every lesson forms a new scar.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves....To much to even describe.
LOVE beauty #news and #giveaways. Must follow #ladies. I love a good #beauty tip
It's a good day to paint
#DTWS Starts soon, my first year watching. Break a leg , you're braver than me lol Sure you'll do great! #nervous&anticpating
I just don't like being an anti-semite
RT : Alex Oriakhi will spend the final yr of his college career at Miz.Tigers will make noise in their first SEC season.-haHa!
RT RT All plastics will leach out some chemicals into the food, water and air. Never, never, cook in any plastic in a microwave
Ur so annoying leave alone god
Ooooohhhhhh man. That was a bomb! Raaaauuuullll!
My thoughts exactly, Jenna.
Even though he did the intro he didn't do Bud's ending choosing a cutsie one instead. 5 yard penalty.
Why am I not sleeping? ._.
followed back :)
Gettin my nails did !
« Bout to turn bbq up w/ my bros nd »
27 days till my 16th birthday :)
thanks for the follow. I look forward to your inspiration
Williams hits two free throws and then #UMass forces inbound turnover. #Stanford leads 46-45, 3rd time #UMass has cut it to 1.
I hope everyone's Halloween weekend is going great so far?!?
Ha! RT THANK YOU for this video, | "Ravens fan freaking out" youtu.be/0-kCQMDpSVE
Thinking why I am up and not sleeping. Its so quiet dark n peaceful at early dawn..
Morning workout. Best way to start the day!
VAMPIRE DIARIES PRETTY GOOD SHOW ,
so freaking cute. I want to come and visit. Will u guys he at Scottsdale Art Festival tomorrow?
Just tapped, another fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15. It's an awesome BIG 10% Imperial IPA.
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store
To enjoy all that MKE has to offer while using some great deals via text message! We're definitely adding those tacos to...
#Commercial #Lenders now have a place to have #Environmental companies bid on jobs. Join yourPTS.com and receive a 15% #discount on reports
hey baby where you at boy?????
Thanks for the follow. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
RT #Virgo females have the best muffins. You cant help but lick'em!
Hurricane DOMO!! u silly.....
Who liked my new pic profile? #RT #Drakesters :D
#SinceLastFlyersCup Paul Molitor, Don Mattingly, Wade Boggs, and Walter Payton all played in their first MLB or NFL game.
THEN YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME!♥♥♥♥♥♥
Go Craw Daddy! #sfgiants are $
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday.
