My phone doesn't recognize the word "homegirl." When I text, "Wassup, homework?" Just know what I mean from now on, okay?
This week's has a feature on the Hennis case from Fayetteville. Really wanted to see quoted! What an NC mystery.
Give up 5 runs in 5 innings and get a standing ovation
on the reputation front these alleged sexual assaults won't do him any favors, gay or otherwise
Life's full of surprises. :]<3
I'm gonna say such narrative unraveling = unique opportunity to point to alienation inherent in late capitalist corporate structure
Uh May 5th dude.
Had a ton of fun at 's ZUMBA class this morning! An hour of dance exercise/learning moves for the club? YES. :]] Shower + Homework
We are starting our SAT prep courses soon!! Reserve your seat today!!!! DM me now for a special discount!!!
how did the Nissan start when we ran out if gas?
яєтωєєт if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011 (ℱℴℓℓℴω me and get 50 new followers)
aw thanks<3 you too (: or does he already follow you?
Just saw the drop stop commercial. #foreal I'm about to order 3. #bbn # weareuk
I do. And I know people say it all the time...but I went on a DeCastro rant after that game...in a good way. He's good.
can you explain why you want $78 per segment for an aisle seat from a Chairman who already paid nearly $900 for a DCA-DFW ticket?
Thats cool beans with me! :) RT : about to have sum fun!! :)
Guys that smell amazing <3
Responded to FIRE @ 84-17 Penelope Avenue, Queens, NY 11379 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Difference lies is specific issue stance vs intransigence as a matter of course. Unwillingness to compromise on anything = fail
Oh, that is beautiful. Shibari is so intriguing.
I kind of wish was still an underground, hip credit union that only me & a select few were part of. Will the cust. serv. suffer?
Even a bad dog can get a good bone.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. - Will Rogers
Easter Weekend....I think we all need a break
Heading downtown at some point to try and see something on the Batman set!
each flight lasts about 9.5 hours
it's my party and you'll cry if i want you to.
k! Thanks!
answered his question with a question lol ..
Never forgetting from where I am came, and no matter where I'm headed I promise to stay the same.
What? Not Boone in his near-MVP year??
i didn't see VEEP this week but will catch up when i get home this weekend. Espana is fabuloso!
I Can Find A Better Man Who Can Treat Me Better Than Yu Eva Pretended To..
Just got off work from a long ass day now I'm on the road to Alabama. Hungry then a MF I need a home cooked meal
Hungry? Eat at the Noodles & Company at the Pyramids today and mention 25% of the proceeds will go to them! Yay Bangkok curry!
Thanks for tweeting my "Still Alive" video!
Decanter Deals tonight at Proprietor's Reserve - San Diego's most intimate wine bar.
I don't know what any of this means all I know is I need it to graduate
What's the date?Be happy to if I'm in town.
I'm so doing this... www.willpowerfit.com Totally just fell in love w/
It would be interesting to compare how methods & "ethics" differ b/w the two groups, obvious exceptions aside (e.g., IRBs, etc).
Important to standardize procedures & training when sharing resources
yes I am!
you aren't at all. I was trying to be nice. :) (nuance hard over twitter)
I smell like straight kush
followed please follow back :D
gee, maybe instead of cherry blossom stickers, they should have sprung for emergency call instruction stickers.
Life is straight how about yours? I'm not the same chubby dude who used to crush you lol.
What exciting news! Best of luck as you prepare for your new adventures.
Been reading through Exodus and Deuteronomy, and, although not listed, I'm convinced the Doritos tacos are an abomination.
Well, I have to disagree on that last part. 30 Rock for life.
I appear to the be the only person that doesn't have a problem with Bo's transfer restrictions for Uthoff.
Always here to help. Maybe another guest post soon?
Driving ten miles for coffee or get Starbucks.
you're the best!
yea....I could use some helping trending a Happy 20th Birthday to Taylor Lautner because his is tomorrow!
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
5 Sonic burgers for $5.95 on Tuesday night from 5pm til. Only at #Baltimore loco 8212 Liberty Rd. Hot, fresh, made to order just for you!
Ah. Yeah, that sounds like a fun state to be in right about now…
makes look like a saint!!!! Lol
Was I the only speaker not to mention stuxnet?
School :/ 13 more full days, 8 testing days left :)
or "oh...like as a full time job?"
Hey - thanks for the note. Unfortunately, no shows. I'm not to that point yet. Looking for a supporting band.
If you can't afford high end art befriend a artist and share in the creation ;)
wait till you get to Boston and Providence and see all our snow !
Yes there r yearbooks... you want a 2011-12? Just bring me a check.
I was so sad you weren't there on Friday when I found those gems. Happy Monday?
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. -William J. Bennett
I feel the same way sometimes! ": How is it that I belong to a million listservs yet still miss all the cool webinars?"
Thanks for including us, Jen :)! Have a great week!
Happy Hitler's-Birthday Day!:D
sweet them at the mlb network to re air the darn show
Pathetic loss, just absolutely terrible
I just wanna dye my hair already. -_-
we will soon
Cam's cover of long distance call is so great
It is raining.
7 crazy intense minutes until #UNBROKEN is in stores !
oh that would be a good way to see it. Lucky you.
lmfao idkkk but I still have a lot of shopping to do
is looking for a flash developer - NYC
okay my eyes refuse to stay open
Off to skool...
Pres. de Klerk to #youth of the world: "Get involved, get mobilized."
haha finally got my confirmation yesterday
I ran 50 feet for the bus..felt good..going for the 250 in a few thanks to buscatcher app...damn those doors close fast...upper bod next
love the way you approach the game in thinking positive after a loss and how u can improve the next day.
This is different than the first then?
Thank you for bringing in bagels. My waist line doesn't thank you but I would be falling asleep w/o those carbs.
Jean-Claude Bradley/Drexel talking about issues in chemistry information and advocating for open notebook science
I'm sick of being my pastey white self I need to go tanning soon to get just a wittle color on my skin oofta I'm like transparent
I just received a great temp-to-hire position for a Facility Tech in Houston!
Hi..u helped me make a link to get people to donate to my Walk 4 Autism..i was wondering, do you know how to make a...
The Sabres took a huge dump tonight
Mama ain't raise no fool..
Well, Floralia falls before May 1, but it was "a general festival of drinking and other merriment". :D
I was there yesterday, and I'm impress! Your buddy Humberto from Elements
Ooh, yay! Going to read it right now!
I stabbed my husband on accident... 7 times.
Catch us Saturday night at Gilligan's in Murfreesboro. Benefit for Prostate Cancer Awareness. No shave November baby!
Happy Halloween to everyone! Tonight Dive in Sayerville, NJ! Go Phillies!! (via )
I'm only myself when I'm skating & listening to music.
SIGH... Can one of us when the lotto already :/
haha I know ! I'm trying. I usually see what everyone else is up too. Like all my fav actors !
RT : Just got off skype w/ - Get ready for fab #GetRealChat in 15 minutes peeps with #Triberr as special guest!
follow our webseries! Writer/Director, Nicole Agostino, is working on her FOURTH MNS film right now!
6 am workouts now 4 class and other stuff today
we miss you and socal! we have like 3 albums worth of songs so we're working on narrowing them down :)
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets this week (Part 1):
Ive been there, I know what you mean
Only time anyone will see me be a sweet person is if I hear when you wish upon a star. :')
awe man. I gotta brother in D.C. i know thats pretty close to NJ. I'll be out that way this summer to visit him.
I hate when TV characters have iPhones, because I always think it's my phone.
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday, Anupam Ji! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! GOD BLESS! :)
These sheets are clean.
I noticed a disturbing pattern - most key movie quotes (the ones that everyone remembers & re-quotes) are spoken by men.
you're acute blonde too ;)
Blake Shelton underwhelms at #stagecoach especially after Luke Bryan brought it.
Slim pickings around here. Drinking a flat ginger ale and the bottom pour of crown.
nonono WE are jesus and one direction are our sexgods looool
MT : Who won the Xtreme Bulls event Thurs for the 2nd time in his career? 1st correct reply wins 2 tix to tonight's
oh really?? I didnt know its not like i was there or anything
wow, this cough syrup is no joke. my bones itch.
following now
GoodMorning! Ohh wait it's only Thursday? Ugh!
is thinking about auditions. info soon.
I think I wanna become a vegetarian.
let's agree to disagree, kind sir ;) miss you
Stoked to release the new split soon. Anyone else excited?
Mwah! Big kisses!
-_____- That Thunder Woke Me Up D; It Scared The Shhh Outta Me!.
From hunt PhD, 90% of private clubs will need an online community within 5 years
I admire u. I am NOT a morning person!!
I really liked the Where Have You Been video overall. But the choreography in the second chorus was…… what was all that slow vagina-patting?
i guess that's it. putting it off is precisely my plan. but i don't see dig/collab format as an end in itself.
depends on your settings-standard 5x5, it's Kemp. Argument can be made for M.Cabrera, Braun, Pujols too. Is your league Yahoo?
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Oh God!
I Love God
And like that KU blows an 8 point lead. Give the officials a couple of assists.
The fact that imma have third lunch next week pisses me off. Hopefully I don't.
Any of you dudes going to Star Wars Weekend in Orlando?
yeah! Tomorrow baby :)
im a real nigga sex i the small picture! ha
Awesome! RT : 2 weeks from my goal! Gotta keep focused and work a little harder. So ready to do this!
I don't understand. And I'm disappointed. You spend hundreds on panties and you buy a cheap silk robe?!
In honor of this atrociously sweltering day, list your favorite sweaty scene from a movie.
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
#dsum12 Social -You are there whether you want to be or not.
For the rest of the day, buy 1 sandwich or salad and get the 2nd 50% off, DINE IN ONLY. Say "1942" at the register to get the discount!
I thought you were perfect and in the end I got screwed over
my parents just locked me out of the house..grand
dude.... i'm home alone. let's webcam?
Yay RT : #ZodiacFacts #Capricorn women are known for their great memory, analytical brain, cleanliness and a go getter attitude
Lmao! He wish he was pullin bitches like that! I wouldn't fck him with somebody else's pussy.
CHERRIE'S NEW MAN Cast... , Sean Michael Boozer, John LaVallee, Tudy Munteanu
Ron Paul announcing that hes ending his campaign is like announcing hes gonna stop trying to get other rappers to like him
We have new videos from the AxeOff USA competition @ the Hard Rock Cafe on the Website. www.axeOffUSA.com & go to Artist pages.
Damn homie, in highschool u was the man homie..
Can't wait! RT : Let's rock the room 2nite with a fast-paced & lively panel & guests.
my cat is walking around the house meowing to herself. it drives me nuts when she does that!
At #IFA watching the #Dell booth come alive
I HATE waiting.....hour one waiting TF
Alright #athens, you brought it for last weekend, can you bring the same energy out for tonight at ?
"The Avengers" with Rachelle and Lukas!!!
Apple Store 5th Ave: bouquets and silence outside, heaving with excited customers inside, what a legacy, RIP
great meeting you at QS - had to head home early. Been thinking dinner diagrams and enjoying your writing from the road home.
Louis Armstrong recorded “Tight Like This” on Dec 12, 1928, in his last Chicago sessions for OK Records. Earl “Father” Hines played piano.
We are against trafficking also! We also acknowledge that not all sex workers are trafficked.
Just getting up bored nd still tired lowkey
what up
And it's not like they need Robinson on the field at FB. Singleback 2TE may be most-used formation...
Be like sweatin that real hard
kind of really feeling the first rough mix...
umm... you can dm it or send me a twitpic of it:)
good luck at conference
A trick to speed up Pages and greatly improve handling documents: turn off iCloud.
mama we all go to hell mama were all gonna die!
Does the GOP want to defund the Special Olympics?
Thanks for the RT
Let me get up n put on clothes.
batista and lesnar in miami this weekend interesting. Yea and wwe picked batista up today. Should be interesting at wm28.
Yay! I know I'll look forward to reading it when it is done. :)
Just priceless, so hilarious. They do no wrong over in Bristol with advertising.
Heading in to work for the Board Meeting and then I'm headed up to Greenwood to start & 's wedding shenanigans! Woo!
I have 1212 followers. My birthday is 12/12. Amazing.
got my votes in already the only up side to SoFl everyone is voting for WIlliam
oh I'm sure she was! I'm anxious to see the performance!
ha! I know. This day has been a real roller coaster. I need a nap. : )
A1: Isn't a conference like the ULTIMATE social media event...but just IRL?
Network and Netflix
add "#newplay" to your tweet to get seen!
TELL. ME. NOW.
RT : . All pedagogy should be about access.
sounds like your a gold digger, you ain't fuckin wit no broke niggas, get down girl, go head get down!
I really need to go see Swept Away as soon as possible. I'm obsessed with their exhibition series on materials.
coaxing, flattery, or artful talk
i know u gettin it in. but u "been done made" proud. lol
Gonna be a good day!!
hiding wer uh been
I'm trying to get involved, I thought you might know of any.
Shout out to , , Thanks for following! :)
oh sounds reall hard well good luck #I hate school projects
Fun watching Dancing with the Stars.
Faux agitators will be dressed as exaggerated Leftist clichés. Have cameras ready.
haha golden ;) love you girl!!!
So kind of you! Thanks! :-)
First tweet not counting wsop ME! More to follow. I bet you all can't wait lol
DETROPIA COMING SOON!
Make your story compelling, find ways to relate your stories to people outside of your personal fan base #storytelling #sxswi via
Thank you! How's NM? Going through wine withdrawls!
Man sues BMW because he claims his motorcycle seat gave him an erection for 20 months. I wonder what else was he doing on that seat.
never know how to hit somebody back lol
I dunno what to say. :p
Less than 24 hours until 2012
passion - there is always something else to be learned. Passion tends to be left at the door of schools. Need passion in what we do
You mean the Four Seasons premium snacks? $6 per piece (weight gain included).
the calvalcade of beers on twitter today is making me very jealous...and thirsty
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Cam has a fever & i've had this damn headache since Thursday! Ugh!! #thestruggle 😔
“: i bet a lot of people hate me,, but no on ever tells me. SPEAK UP”
Bangs with the boy .. Finally saw his knockout punch lol
Trader Joes and the Coalition of Immokolee Workers sign agreement #TraderJoes #tomato workers
congrats guys. Now the chances of seeing you this summer have increased
i dont want anothe pretty face i dont want just anyone to hold i dont want my love 2go2 waste i just want an ur beautiful face<3
nothing better than hearing it from a girl.
Answer is: my penis
Happy Birthday :) love you girl!
Movement Conservatism's success dependent on racism, religion, disenfranchisement and fraud. Just the group I want representing me.
"this music is fucking bullshit. We need more trance."
How in the world are Hall & Oates and KISS not in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame?
Hey can I get the hook up? Lol
Just got off phone with my mom, she told me to go see again today. She's always right.
back up name for us or for them?
"Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." - Myla Kabat-Zinn
Thank you all new followers and those who are still following u all made my day:)
He's so purty!
what game???
Julius Mays averaged 14.1 points per game for Wright State last year after transferring from NC State. Excellent shooter.
UCLA student and President of UCLA's Youth for Ron Paul chapter, Tyler Koteskey, at the podium introducing Paul
not prom.
Sad to leave my first love, the Chicago Sun-Times --but looking forward to interning for the NY Times in D.C. Literally a dream come true:)
Ask again later? Magic 8 Ball, I only have 36 minutes until the final is over!
Shout out to my boy
all look at you such a sweetie pie that!!
What hashtag are people using for General Conference?
Sick as a dog.
The one’s that make you cry, never deserve your tears, and the ones that do deserve them will never make you cry.
graduating with a 3.9 gpa from pasta school doesn't count!
honestly, I could probably drink right now if I had to. #notphased by
ETS cookie for dessert
RT : someone is playing with your poll... Should be 50/50 at best. << What's it at? And see my comment. Rules = rules.
Yea to our friends at Adventure Theatre for all the props from
#Newsflash The word DIET does not always mean you are trying to lose weight. Just because Im not HUGE does not mean I dont need to eat right
Argh. The frustrations of the tantalizing dissertation of interest. ILL might work, but international is touchy right now.
just has the worst customer service experience at your Southfield Michigan store. Please contact me.
Karaoke Tuesdays? First Song: "Believe" by Cher. cc/
I was loving the Petite Sirah (Late Harvest) but left with the Semillon! Loved the #wine and #cheese pairing!
salt bro, I did see you earlier tho with Dylan but both of had shirts off.
COMING SOON To the Farmers Market - Cupcakes!
Thanks to all those who came out to tonight's event. What did you think?
went great the response was good! We will be back every Fri
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the Shell Station!
can't wait! Sending you a quick email right now.
": We should meet." We already have. :)
just real ese
I do think that those who risk capital should have the ability to see commensurate reward. yet why do we have safety nets for oil/gas?
No problem. It keeps me on my toes.
Do or die, you'll never make me. Because the world will never take my heart. "Welcome To The Black Parade" by My Chemical Romance.
nah, that sounds lame
We bet she was really enjoying it. Who doesn't like a quick massage break?
Don't deify Amy Winehouse like sheep helping the industry to sell her catalog.Plenty of non-sellout unselfish female artist w/talent exist4u
Just bought Skullcandy earphones, and they are amazing. 
Dear1 injured in WWII;didn't request any medal;said his reward was tht he still had his life-sadly saw many buddies killed.
RT : Enter the Marcus Restaurants contest for a chance to win Dinner with Friends at Mason Street Grill, Kil
I'd go with c) and maybe also add d) pity those for whom attendance is mandatory
please don't say "besties"...not a good look fam!
It was such a great week! Coffee soon :)
Where is Devon with my burger..
Marathon training update : ran 7 miles on tuesday (5x 1k), & another 7 yesterday. Feeling great so far.
I feel like death.. omg.. i hate being sick.
Ok now something is definitely wrong with that picture.
I'm just ready for the weekend.
thank you for your tweet! It was strange because I wasn't able to search on the internet but the social networks were fine!
Although it seems that soccer has caught on in the US. See many more kids out and about with soccer jerseys. I saw an Essien one yesterday.
Anyone want to go lift?
You made the wrong choice, and that used to hurt us both, but now its only hurting you.
i just read every single tweet to prepare for WGI finals week. im glad im in the front and listen back.
RT": Life isn't that complicated, peoples drama makes it look complicated."
I don't need sht I juss want sht
It's going to be another great night at T.J. 's Mulligan's 64. Come eat dinner and rock out. The show starts at 9:30.
I was sleep last night around this time. I wish I didn't have so much homework
Dear, I will someday marry you just saying:D
The Circadian Exploit: Biological organisms can be reprogrammed in their sleep, and will have no memory log of the reprogramming event.
Sooner of later that which is now life shall be poetry, and every fair and manly trait shall add a richer strain to the song.
arises from the rare bi-annual nap
Fellas.. It don't matter if you Sign a "We just Fucking" Contract with a Chick, she still gone catch feelings & go Crazy!
just got home from dinner
Too bad the men of Thailand lack the initiative to act when they see someone as radiant as you.
One more boys. One more.
I'm painting my toes 😱
don't worry toots its the allergies :-) you'll be aight but it still sucks I'm sorry.
We TOTALLY want to dance with you! We saved a spot on our dance card just for you!
If you need someone who's wacky about The Beatles to join you on your Mad Men podcast, let me know! 👍🎵
im in the house
Taking a shit after getting out of the shower is the most unproductive thing you can do in life.
Headshot Tip: Crazy amounts of makeup are unnecessary and counterproductive...the goal is to look natural (these are not fashion shots).
I seriously wish I had my own plane and was my pilot. We would be flying everywhere to see #Spartans/friends.
1/23/1771to B. Moore: I am…sorry to hear of your unfortunate Circumstances&wish that the situation…permit me to subscribe…to your relief
Memorial Day weekend is almost here - pool season begins! Outdoor rooms and patio furniture, here we come!
Yes! Hugs back ;D RT : Sending out hugs
Just get as much as you can out on paper now! You can do it!
To all those ppl at the gym who like to fill their water bottles at the fountain while there is a line behind u, go fuck yourself.
Trying to think of a witty response but all I have is ego, archetype, series of tubes.
no I really cant
My picky-drinker Husband tried Wavehopper at dinner Fri, another Tues. YOU have a New Friend :+D (I'm his surrogate Tweeter)
this is how you train for a half marathon “: My current treadmill motivation: Christian Grey.”
We can't play politics with women's safety.
Time commit's are an issue. Perhaps continue trend of more workshop-style panels at AAS, building towards bigger.
Countdown for #NAMM begins... Less than 20 days to go! Who's ready? I am! #gameface \m/
OccupyPBS uses #civility to gets its point across. soo much so they are ignored -- or not seen i guess (REALLY?)
Thank you, Mr. Kattman. Hope it was good. I had to work ALL DAY.
People who think they have all the answers rarely do. They've likely never struggled and have hard lessons to learn. 1st one? Compassion.
now we talking got u bruh ,,, sending them now
ready to go kikit wit my #BFF #ALAN to wats popin for the
Why don't skeletons play music in church? 'Cause they've got no organs!!
Congratulations!! Glad to see you'll be joining my friend Adrian Wisnicki there. Please tell him I said hello!
Gary Busey or Charlie Sheen RT If CBS were to bring back "Kids Say The Darndest Things" who do you think should be the host?
Got into Georgetown Masters program :)
Idaho Senate debating freedom of conscience bill.
I WANT SUMMER. Who's with me?????
Um, yeah, that doesn't seem like it makes sense unless the tall woman was super butch...still...really?
Is there a such thing as too much love for a person ?
Wow, 25 years of Fox. Seems like only yesterday I was watching Married with Children, The Simpsons and Get A Life on Fox 32 Chicago.
make me feel wonderful if you thought you Could help them- their request should be on your twitter (timeline?) from a couple
#whosgonnalose - San Francisco at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
Holy shit. This is unbelievable
maybe goodman should line up at WR :) nice tackle by Cassel!
I hope i can see her again sometime... I'd hate to go such a long time without seeing her. :/
I gotta get Zoie one day soon. Been slacking on my godfather duties
RIP Steve Jobs, we thank you for everything you did!
so much for that hometown look he mentioned?
OH: then my ear started going numb and I didn't like it anymore
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: We're playing Bamboozle 2011!
Thanks!! I will. Very cool that there's a real person representing groupon...
How convenient that when one of the characters gets injured, our main character is actually a med student. Nice!
Fright Fest BEOTCH! :-D
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
Happy birthday to my bestest friend in the world We hate eachother we love eachother who cares
how many was that? >:O
he's not in it but it's Spider-Man!!!
I know that's why I was checking on you...
The Decemberists on the Colbert Report
My night was good. I'm laying down now
"Get updates via SMS by texting follow iblee to 40404 in the United States" huh- more sites making more changes more quickly
But Karma can be sweet as pie after
This whole not having wikipedia for the day is really annoying
I was up until almost 5am not able to sleep & woke up at 9:30.
No worries! I've been learning the ropes of Groupon, too.
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 8 Through April 11
oh we will!
lol i was just thinkin about that.. hell maybe like 10 of em'...
wow nick, you are very fit
Today already sucks and the lobby doors aren't even open yet...
wow nadal finally lost! What an opening for Federer..
you're just jealous that you can't drive like this.
OMG I can't wait either!
Thanks Kelly for coming to #Marist!!!! You're awesome
grapes were the real forbidden fruit
I love you
Have you heard of #bigapplebbq? I read about it in and thought of you! It's next month.
To mejier there is no I before j
#MySecretXmasIngredient: the looks on the boys' faces when they see what's under the tree.
I like my women face down ass up!
Thanks for the RT the other day! (And sorry for my thanks-delay. Whatta week.)
Ukiah Fire Dept. to work more closely with UVFD
Hey Neil, my bro and I are huge fans. What are the odds of being able to meet you and say hi? Happen to be in Vegas too.
oh gosh, security is so annoying! hopefully they lighten up a bit....maybe
Guy behind me: "he is hitting .300" Guyer is actually hitting .200
*know I am superior.
live in the mix--dedication to Mr. Magic --- without YOU magic, we wouldn't be US. RIP....
oh ok! Well I hope they find that actor ok then! Yikes!
I just thought of a new invention velcro shoe laces for elephants, because they are always standing
Big day for new releases tomorrow looking forward to listening to the new ones from and
Having trouble with twittering . anyone else having trouble ?
I loved it. This was the best chapter ever:) I can't wait for chapter 22!
MN senate is under call. Vikings debate should begin very soon.
yeahh i am.. these guys are tyring to kill me and im not safe.. and now i have heart problems
so are you able to come with us to PCB?
i just did the step you taught our team in high school & thought of you :)
Thanks! That's my little girl, Miette!
when is your bday!?
U know Im just out here 10 toes down chasing
what's the database for?
I want to get a tattoo of myself on my entire body, only 2 inches taller. -Steven Wright
Be there 4 me when I need u & not when I want u....
Can't believe that was my last class for freshman year!
right, including those details in specific job descriptions.
Be no evil, Speak no evil, Do no evil. ~Monkey Monk
HAHAHA I FORGOT ABOUT THAT JEW TUTOR LMFAO
so sorry about Duke...
To change your perspective, the first thing you have to do is stop comparing yourself to others. God has something special just for you.
Caramel Cappuccino :)
I wonder if would follow us, if we sent him tshirts. Maybe if he knew the ownr big #Knicks fan
There is a product on the market called No No. Try their no risk No No Guarantee.
I would suggest that hot sauce also helps...
Can't make sacrifices 4 any & everybody..... You'll never get da same n return
Creating demand for your brand!
Oh that sounds sexy!
Atta way! See you soon
Inspiring presentation on #sasf11. We'll be building you a floating campus before the end of this semester :)
I just finished a 3.30mi run at 12'10"/mi #nikeplus Also saw zoom in on a reindeer's bottom. You don't get that outside.
Questions we should ask: Should the Pres focus on helping the Gay Community to feel free or middle class families to survive?
its LeeLee chick. Follow me. Miss ur Face.
I love life
I hate staying home so much. I'm not staying home again unless I'm vomiting blood
And it's wine Wednesday. So there's that.
the price for Wifi is to listen to Nancy Grace!
LOL RT : Sav-Mor liquor sign: "Wine for Mother's Day. Because you drove her to it."
Thanks everyone for direct messages and the follow... Have a wonderful day!!!!
u bey tree dont forget to retweet my music
A dynamic flooring pattern or a deep wall color can make the difference as you remodel your bathroom.
I've been reading a lot of article on architecture lately and I was hoping for a literal bridge... but that was pretty cool.
^es I don't now what age I realized I could sing but I do know what age I realized I couldnt live without singing -Ebony-...
Just watched from last night. What a pathetic cast. Read your contract and compete. You are a quitter.
Heard a CVB song on a Target commercial! You guys rock!
This feels so wierd! going to school at noon is the wierdest feeling ever!
Apparently the Symposium enables you to travel back in time? Tomorrow, at UTD, be at
Because there aren't any such things at Heat fans. Heat fans today are Glee fans tomorrow.
Really? I just saw it and was like, that's gold on the ceiling
say something so incredible on u can say it
Mi listening tew Scratches {♥}
RT You helped me with my insomnia, thanks Jackie!
and u? Out of work already? Ready for the weekend?
I'm so excited for the keys. I'm going to look so tan when I get back to school ☀🚤🐠
Night everyone! (:
What is his Skype name?
“: Adding "(;" at the end of anything makes it sound sexual, read my last tweet for an example(:” lol...YEAH
kissing and telling is not okay! So tacky! You definitely dodged a bullet.
#1 New York Times Bestseller Three Cups of Tea: One Man’s Mission to Promote Peace, One School At A Time, by Greg Mortenson
Cheese and wine flights! Who knew I was missing out on this for a good portion of my life?
2 days ago I visit port saint lucie, fl. It was boring and uneventful...
Cheek , neck, and forehead kisses are cute (:
RT : Congrats to Carrie Underwood & on their nominations! Congrats Carrie and kelly
Thanks for the RT's
By the way, Happy Mother Day :-)
learnin as I go, bro :)
Ms. Schnupp makes me hate Adele
Bleh! Can't sleep.
AMEX Blue Preferred
Or boyfriend RT : Wanna sure fire way to piss off your 16yr old? Tell him the bedroom door stays open when his GF hangs out.
. . .re-emerging on Twitter. Maybe I can sustain it this time.
The Motto Drake ft. LilWayne & Tyga what album is this from?
"Taking my time reading this opinion!!! IT's like 50 pages long!" Hey, if you weren't TWEETING so much, u might finish it!!
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
Should have won his race ... Damn it!!!
dude it's the best turkey burger round these parts. You gotta check em out when you come back
got your message! just got home. 4am your time. I'll call you tomorrow! xoxo
The Babysitter is hilarious!
Good Morning & Happy Wednesday! Do you LOVE Shorty's homemade cole slaw? We want to hear what your favorite side dish is!?
Need that get right
Oh.my.gosh. This baby duck just stole my heart 😁
'I'm like Norway... Wait or is it Sweden?'
Michael Floyd (WR) of Notre Dame went to Arizona at 13 overall. Some think he's even better than Blackmon.
I can't stand money hungry people
not at #cil2010 :(
I agree with you 100%. Every day waiting hurts someone. And I firmly believe that Axelrod is an ass on so many levels.
Then I can't Prove it to U!
Man, that was a good sleep.
Leave it to Skype to make my relationship with women easier.. there is always a 'sign out' button lol
Simon, come on, take me to LA!
Rush Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123. Your One Stop Printing Shop with the fastest printing turnaround. From 3 day turnaround to as...
I hope their tabouli is more parsley than bulgar wheat? Many people make it like it's a bulgar wheat salad.
Yeah, I think it's the same dress she was wearing in those Instagram pictures with Selena, Charity, and whoever else and it
They do dislike Romney but Newton casts a mean spell. He is very talented. Few politicians could do what he's done.
The morning sucks i hate talking to ppl this early dont wanna exchange any words jus take your coffee an be on your way
vashappeninn :D Love u :D Can u follow me please ? :D <3<3
so sorry. I received it the week I was totally stuck in bed sick. So thank you, wonderful friend! So excited.
1211 Crescent has the fattest neighbors of all time. You have to be at least 350 to enter their residence.
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, and hoping that song would never be over.
can I bring a guest to the party tonight?
The Pink Hair For Hope campaign has raised almost 2 million dollars to help fight breast cancer
Happy Hour??
sounds like someone's got her married buzz on from the wedding;)
that interview is comedy gold!!
its nothing wrong with being a freak its u hoes i cant stand...
Going through my bookshelves and taking out books is harder than I thought it would be. I dislike this part of moving.
It's ok we still in dis it ain't over yet mane
Thank you for the retweet!
Mavs answer with a goal of their own! Score now 4-3 with Burgoyne putting one in the next. Just over a minute left in the second
Two new media industry bodies proposed
you might get a prize.
I support me some fellow street teams, even if it isn't for the same band!ima ST 2. i love AI by the way, they are great! :D
It's a bunch of babies on twitter smh....the young people are taking over everything! *sighs*
So nice to see Sihks, Jews, Atheists, and even the Hare Krisnas, etc in line to see
My sister won't even go see a movie with me. :(
well come then come to my houusssee
Come cuddle with me in LA!
Vegas Bound. LEGGO!!!
need to go on da corner and tell jokes for gas...
b/c tebow chose the jets. Weird, huh? Only thing i can think is god told him to.
Don't sleep. This is way too fun.
Hearing a on the radio is getting me excited for #zumba tonight! :)
In homeroom again its the end of the day!
It's under 40 degrees outside right now... so why exactly is the air on in this office?
Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
this isn't for the library, so no XML involved. Just admin forms. Plus, we may not use the same tools for library either.
Fantastic idea!
I've been listening to the last song you played in the truck, again and again...
uTap presenting. Location-based message broadcasting and deal broadcasting. Geo-social baby!
My nerves can't handle this...
. Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation
My Mom makes the WORST coffee. Seriously. Brown water.
(: you knoww. Lol. You coming Sunday..?
Owners appear to be in favor of expansion.
Tomorrows meeting one that I'm really really looking forward to.
what is the presentation about?
Good luck with that!
Just watched and heard myself on a video about our new MBA program. I apologize to anyone who's ever had to see or hear me.
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful. - Zig Ziglar
RT if u share your dollar with me!! m fresh house music
Got a head-ache out of this WORLD. :-/
Feels like all my hopes are shattered..
Where's Karen, Amy Pond!?!?!?! I must have missed something... I hate being "across the pond."
So nice to see the committment and hard work of winter training paying off.
LOLL where did Siri find it for you?
RT ,HELP STOP ANIMAL CRUELTY! STOP DONATING TO PETA HSUS ASPCA OTHER ANIMAL EUTHANIZING GROUPS GIVE UR LOCAL NO-KILL SHELTER
coughing and sneezing all over :/
LMAO you can come visit me RT : my new office will be the hit factory some day.
mother fuckers who catch facebook feelings and twitter feelings can go eat a dick. U was just a piece of ass.
The best part of that is the Amazon "related product" ad at the bottom is for a poster of Frank Zappa on the toilet.
ya i hear u talking don't kno who u tryina flatter
Another successful Final Five. Thanks for the great hospitality.
Well, there was that stint where I designed for an outdoor theater - that had a whole separate set of challenges.
I am being frank about myself in this book. I tell of my first mistake on page 850. Henry A. Kissinger
Annoyed with everything today
Celebrate Virginia Live is giving away FREE VIP PASSES to a show of your choice! Check out the VIP picture for more info!
nicole farted and blamed it on me. Bitch.
"I love wiggly things" - Mike Milbury. We've officially jumped the shark here
Or .. lol. But seriously ima text you
U know there's always this 1 guy in a movie theater who wont be quiet I'm like he needs to go in time out for 5 min :-\
Getting ready for studio 6 to preview march issue tune in
: I'm holding you to it! Lol.
One of the tragedies of Womanhood is I'll never experience the incredible feeling of a blow job.
Jerry, Thanks for being a Razorback. Leading the team in tackles for 4 years is an amazing stat. You will be missed!
i was just amazedand all the boys smelled so good lol but jacob was sweet letting me take two pis with him
you spelled Pittsburgh incorrectly.
“: It seems to me you hoes will neva change.”
Currently heading back home :)))))...
Researching multi-media crowdsourcing and archives. Excited to find a journal article using #TwinPeaks as a case study.
just one reply on my side lol
Weekend with my bitches in bwayyyy gne b
Wow Lucky you! Condolences......
I'm going to have to get one of those Nintendo Wii straps so it doesn't hit my face anymore. Dee dee de.
Omg sick fucking lightning, batman.
Nurse DeeAnn to the rescue!!!!!! ;)
Things always find a way of getting worse rather than better.
The world will be saved by the Western woman. Dalai Lama
This OKC vs LAL is about to get real
its like out of a movie!
Rick Scott has become a very effective speaker (at Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce) in his 8 days in office.
You should wear your puka necklace tomorrow when you get your braces off!!(: #BringBackTheMemories <33 Are you excited??? I AM
MDA is really the reason for this injury. He was trying to win games on Lin's back and didn't care about his body at all.
aw thank youu♡
you need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie.
Banking that being in the back of the room is a good sign, maybe they want you to enjoy the walk? #prweekawards,
Combine laziness with supporting ? Oh yeah - I am SO down with this one.
Our is now racing our baby daughter. Current standings: Leaf due November, baby due December.
#BREAKINGNEWS: Woodburn High School fire is now a 4-alarm fire. We are live on FOX 12 right now!
Perfect night...#SobelmansBurger, , drinks, laughs...great start to the weekend!
Follow me to vegas, dallas!
need photos?
Haha aw, you are a very good and doting aunt. :) What did you do? Never enough! Where was Quinn? Boring. Your weekend?
are you guys gonna try out 's Atari guitar on this upcoming tour?
Maybe its me not him
$5 smirnoff cocktails, $3 powers shots, $2 miller bottles. Come get rowdy with Kyle and Daryl people!
tarts that's snds just alil off.u can't get sumone 2 be that type with out them being exactly that,MIXED! half black half white
I didn't know you played LoL. Ive played that game for like two years now. Aha.
that wld be Awesome
A model must have strength of character & will-power to stay away from drugs & 2 much partying. If she takes drugs agency will drop her.
I love you Michael! <3 You're amazing. <3
Congrats to the 2010 U.Va grads! Have a great weekend!
Blockheads Upper West Side....you
Quote from Henri Cartier-Bresson: "To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart. It's a way of life."
#Community is genius! I can seriously watch "Pillows and Blankets" over and over "Leonard likes this post" - amazing!
oh now ur gonna play coy too?! Ha. U need more wine!
The things we do for Tiger Blood
that all sounds terrific. I'm stealing the formula when I get remarried to my companion cube.
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
American History X withh & 🍦
Yes it's a great show- just watched this week saw 35W Bridge sign from '07collapse at MN Hist Center..
Testing social media presentation using iPhone pocket projector --so neat. test projecting videos and slides onto wall. Am annoying family!…
It's more concise than bovine excrement...
": "It's rarely crowded on the extra mile.""
the massacre all over again
yea but you would have to lob in a pitch to throw a strike without someone to frame your pitch for the ump or walk sceeyone
Say it isn't true! RIP Junior Seau.
Big sigh of relief that this Knicks season is over. I now have so many other teams I can root for!
Thanks for the call out I think I got used to hiding. ;)
[Insert swearing bunny here] I missed him??
I'm so confused. When is your album dropping? People keep saying different months. #ParadiseJune5?
The Character “El Jefe” is a Mexican crime lord who was educated at elite American schools including York University
ok cool
We're hoping to have it back on 8/23 but can't guarantee that date, unfortunately. U can order and we'll ship when avail..
we want to hear about what you would like to see on our new website www.getbettermaine.org! more health resources? maternity rankings?
umm I could say the same thing to you 😃
Cold Smold...(still) getting it in!
aliyah call me
Cashers 4-1 on Friday night and 6-1 the past 2 nights. We are taking Saturday off in preparation for laying large bets Sunday.
Someone take Mike Smith's stick away from him until he can play nice.
Put some awesome colours in 's hair today, and Joe's as well... I wish Justin would let me dye his hair.
My Quote of the Day - "It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.", George Washington
Goodbye, Hootsuite... my love...
Too much alcohol can act as a depressant & inhibit the orgasmic reflex. Keep the tequila to a minimum today!
My pleasure! :)
I love you.
I think Joey does
INCEPTION= greatest movie of the summer, hands down.
my hotmail account was compromised which hs contacts harvested from linkedin hope i have fixed problem
this nigger is annoying me via text. Scram Scram Scram.
Guess what! The Blonde Assassin killed her first target. 2nd one is not easier.
:) Showering, and Crusty Crab coming over :D
Finally, finally, finally confirmed for a massage this weekend.
Never thoughts of suicide i'm too alive
:) You're welcome! Great article.
DUI checkpoint tonight! ! ! Hollywood and Gower! Be safe tonight!
im sorry lol but thanks for the follow
Does anyone get the Longhorn Network? Golf show I edited airs tonight at 7PM & 11PM CT.
Egh! I don't have time to get it fixed and I leave the country tomorrow for vacation! 😢
So had replied to my posts on the ustream and made me smile more than I have in a month Thanks James so much for just being you
Welcome #SuperSpecialNewFollower - let us know how you think we're doing! -CarolV, IF Twittrer ;)
I want a 20 runs for Yankees nd whip these REDSUX
HAITI had voted for isarel to beacome a nation..History.
"9W" Answer to the question: Do you spell your name with a V, Mr. Vagner?
People forget about Caesar's friend Faye. As he was being assassinated, Julius saw his assailants and asked "Et tu, Faye?"
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you get the kids in the divorce?
Something about active use of the senses as a social activity...
Used today to share my screen to show a client potential web site designs. Super easy to use and free!
Jermaine Paul brought back all my favorite people. :D
Looks like highs of 69 today - perfect Blue Bar weather in our eyes! What's your favorite type of patio weather?
RT for a shout out! :D
This is gonna be a Good Series I see Albert n Carpenter Pulling off the series gonna be a good one !!!
Whoa. Theon is almost as bad as Joffrey. Almost.
Just sent a hair donation to Locks of Love from over 10clients! If u want to donate your hair 10inches or more we will ship it.
And Kobe is still to damn clutch
maybe within the last 6 months.
Who's coming? ...Everyone? ...Really? Wow!
- something that will fill in a form while I'm testing client side validation, checkout, etc.
look at how pretty! :-)
May Day. May Day.
hey- interested in radio appearance tomorrow?
Reverse phychology to make friends, use men and manipulate obese female counter-parts. Example, the pretty girl with three normal friends
This was a pretty good weekend, and tomorrow is going to so suck becuz I don't wanna go to school :((((
“: You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you.” exactly . You have no idea ..
right like I have ANY idea when the census was. I googled!
Thought you were working out of the Club Brady restroom?
franciscan a . Secret sessions not on the guide. Ha ha
city needs $, why ignore medical cannabis $?
DMV home of the egotistic
don't let amazon know or they will come to your house and conglomerate you!
#Retweet your way!
SUCKS for Terrell Suggs. Man is in his prime. But I'm not going to act like I feel oh so bad for him... I don't. Keep it moving
hello my good man, i'll take your finest, cheapest wine.
my favorite emoji is 😜 there's a lot going on there for just one emoji
My kids love the apple sage. Kinda sweet; very tasty!
well youshould be!
love the article...I would have prefer if it was mobile friendly (easier to read)...can't wait 2play with
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
Happy Mother's Day mommy!!! <3
Whoever said white guys can't rap? :/
I just donated blood cc:
cut copy def gave me a Phoenix-like breakthrough for this fest: I had been charred to ashes by the sun& CC brought me back to life!
los amo con todo mi amor i love you MB
700 plays on my video after a week!!! You all are awesome. <3
That would be fun! Let's do it -- you want to ask Adam or should I? Or Both?
I thought it was going to be Fifty Shades of Grey. Much classier though! :)
Another one! is the man!
Hopefully this lighting storm goes away soon ^^
I've only ever loved 3 things in my life. one of those things is my iPhone 4 ❤
well yeah what youre doing right now is easy
Affirm: I honor my fear and my courage
thank you, soul brother and likewise. and busted channeling my inner LeRoi from back in the day, fo' sho
Good! Just got home too. Drinking lots of water now. I'm gonna need it! :)
Not all of the PM was infected, though Graham declined to say what the infection was. “It’s either going to be there or it’s not.”
looks solid
Usher is getting a little to old to be singing about sex though He got money he can retire and just make songs
I knew it! I can't wait. I won't even need to watch the game; I trust your tweets as accurate, unbiased commentary.
and me, a simple medical sociologist. #bioethics #AJOB #celltex this is a big story, so revealing.
Smokin Dope.....That's
Would you rather a cool chef pic of something really great, or a perfect pic of something that just looks good? I'll opt for the chef pic!
got hacked. I just changed my password.
Great game hawks!
I can't say I'm disappointed to no longer be on the DCDSC.
go lesbian
Quick hi to the lovely ! Thanks for your #NARIP love and beautiful music!
I'm good, lunch time with nomz! You?
friday i did not shop. sunday i did not watch football. should i feel guilty?
Thank you for the follow ! www.platinumcce.com
Coming up in moments a chance at a family 4 pack of ticket s to the Disney y show Sat at the JPJ
I mean. I'm not her Lean rest!!!!
try and understand City are new kid on the block. RM have had global exposure for decades
I watched a friend's campaign totally flop, so I totally understand the trepidation involved.
i'm a KU fan...quiet tonight but I'm here.
That was a very sucessful practice, can't wait for our game on Monday versus Webster!
well thank you kate!!
How do I transfer photos from my iPhone to my computer via USB?
you dont know your super super super cute #seewhatididthere lol
- All IS well, thx. Let's hope it stays that way, after the post-appt adrenaline wears away... (Heidi says HI.)
ey bro, just seeing if we're shooting tonight. I hit you up but your phone is off. Lemme know
no need to tell me twice
DF? im so lost on PPL =/.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU
I might get to see my bestfriend tomorrow.
I want to invent a really cool way to tie shoelaces. Make it like an art form.
yeah , so i be around but paper chasin though . but idk what y been up too nel?
I was just thinking to myself, this subway station really smells like poop. Then I looked down. Yep,right on the tracks.
So very proud of my two lil cousins! I remember when they were BORN 😢! And now they are graduating! Wow!
I dont know how white girls do it EVERYDAY.
Hollywood has decided that female gastrointestinal issues have been ignored for too long.
Larry: "Oh, I see. It's because of my affliction, isn't it?"
as I understand it, one of the Teen Moms is going to enroll in the Recording Industry program!
And I'm a strangely ok with this.
Great! I see they even have a "Pin Ups" lounge at Cannery. Didn't see that low a rate though. Secret code? Where'd u c that? TY!
Macao is fucking popping right now!!!!!
API = Assumptions Probably Incorrect #devopsdays (via )
awesome!! Same here :)
any chance we could do some quick painting with Winnie on Wed. too! Think she could get some donations :)
Do asian transports say caution may take wide left turns?
Did they change the button for eating in #minecraft? I'm starving to death and my anorexic character is waving a porkchop like it's a flag
@ regarding patient engagement, what 's your view of the effectiveness of motivational interviewing as a method?
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative income sources for artists!
Does the church and "family values" really matter that much? Even at the expense of everything else?
Its raining, its pouring, the old man is snoring? What does it mean? Or did someone just ryhme stuff cause it sounded good at the time?
Or as Cub fans call it: The quest for 3....
Boss gave me numerous kudos for my awesome work this week (not the kudos bar - )
For more volume, blow dry your hair with your head flipped upside down. Make sure your hair cools before you flip back up! :)
#ihatewhen people spam and tweet you just to promote something -.-
loll in colorado we golf in january (but golf sux ass) and ski in july (:
Beastie Boys at the Salem Armory (with Sonic Youth, L7 & House of Pain) in August 1992 was one my favorite shows I've ever been to.
It is so hard to keep your cool sometimes. You're absolutely right though. Act instead of react. Return anger with a kitten.
I thought we were done with this cold weather
idk I heard good ol' massey has been in some serious training
RT : #FF We've moved! Follow to continue to receive updates on all things
I wish it had this weekend.
I'm just not upset about the Quick stuff. Mainly because I've always had latent Quick feelings. Always.
Mirror: Ooh! You look cute today! Camera: LOL no.
Game 6 pregame news: Kobe is sick as a dog and Birdman has to go clear his internet history. Advantage
HELLO THERE
I hear you! Try to do something out of the ordinary to get out routine...art museum has two show that end next week. :)
Why is I that every 7-11 smells like a bag of poopy dog socks? What is making that smell?!??!?
Drove to the hardware store and super market-ever notice big cars speed up when you pass them-I think I'm going to need some numbers
Thanks for the FF!
Very Scary Video: www.swinetube.com
there are likely to be lots of stats jokes coming in the future.
Sure! Where/when do you want to meet up? I'm staying in Ring A wing (by Cadboro Commons).
ooh salty wins over sweet...
Just #Sweaved a #ggplot in #RStudio... and then the world exploded..
In 2011, Super Bowl most expensive ticket was $15,946 for a 7th row seat on the 50 yard line
Heh. Kotaku's tweet about the same thing called them "less valuable players." I think that's funny.
2 hours to get 50 followers who is gonna help me get there????
Chris Jone shere, Charlotte NC, kicking off #ECOSYS in our new night/time, TUES 8pMDT .. say "hey" as u arrive
Did we mention $2 tall boyz & $2 tacoz ALL DAY?! Golly! I will not calm down about these dealz!!
skinny crock pot....there's an oxymoron if i've ever heard one
try porcinis in louisville when you get back. Pitino gives it rave reviews.
what's up happy thanks giving to you n ur fam 
ur mom loves my dick
#IWishYouKnew how I felt when theres a new freestyle. new interview. new picture. Words cant explain I wish you knew...<3
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today
RT : So often we forget that money is not the reason. The dream is the prize and should be the focus, not the money.
PLEASE HELP: Family Reach Foundation #golf tourney in NJ -July 25. #Auction Items needed.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies ~ Ron Paul
is running this year, any chance you can come out on April 28 too?
Another win for Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team. Team is on a roll
Ppl I'm so lovey
we are here at Greater Newark Conservancy's City 21st Gardens Contest Award Ceremony! we were judges
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
Can i go back to the mayflower now? i was really getting used to living like zack & cody! :(
Right. Change is (or can be) slow. RT A3 The expectation that change will be sudden and visible. It takes time.
Sometimes the modicom of talent you have in an area exists for your deeper appreciation of it. It doesn't have to be your life's purpose.
ur to gangsta to kick it with me? Haha
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5$ RAFFLE TICKETS ! FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !
You know what feels good? Telling some DB he could have used the stairs instead of the elevator to go 1 floor.
First #DonCornelius, now #DickClark. 2012 is a bad year for TV dance show hosts.
Feeling frizzy and dry???? We have a fabulous Keratin treatment to take care of that all through the long winter!!- it lasts up to 5 months!
Hey do u have a ipod touch if so give me ur # and we can Facetime together
No problem. That was really freaky! By the way, you taught the BEST audition class I ever had! Hope all is well.
Failed that AP Government exam horribly. Haha
I'm still in ATL just been under th radar watching this foolish stuff n the body but stay tuned change is here!
how do i make it the right size
Let's not kid ourselves, we both know whose stuff we want to see. (cough, cough )
Please god don't let this pass.
there already is an archaeology meritbadge.
Perpetually too hungry to have the energy to get up and forage for food.
What God has established will be! Your heart must be prepared for the bridges He will burn for you. Growth requires destruction of the old!
enjoying a well deserved glass of angel Chardonnay. My fav!!
Robert Pattinson should he the fucking host.
as always appreciate the content from you
Whoa, I only just updated Google Plus iPhone app…pretty slick
Why isn't Moonlighting on Netflix? and what happen to MadTV reruns on Comedy Central?
I can't remember the last time I watched something on tv
I have no idea. Sorry! :/ I was at my friends house watching it.
I was hoping my room might get a new bathroom!
so guess who needs to borrow eve's bayou for real now? (cc: )
Noticed. Watching now!
Oh goodness...this episode...
If you can find articles about him prior to being drafted you'll see what I'm saying. No question he was a phenom.
cinema just came on the radio and i started freaking out because the boyz' performance of this is one of my favorites<3
Things are aliive out there...
any type of food - I'm staying downtown and have no car - (Pretty big limitation)
Okay, sick! Is it your first one?
Lookin for that perfect Mother's Day gift?! Send us your fave "mom'nme" photo for a chance to win a free Spa Treatment! use #FS4Moms!
next week school will be out for the summer.
In a few weeks time I should be to 5 and 6 miles
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the past and move on. Forget what hurt you, but don't forget what it taught you.
Have u ever had so much weight on your shoulders have nigga like yo bro ever fucked u over......
Two different kinds of marathons in NYC today. The #NYCMarathon and the #reinventlocal hackathon
We accept most insurance carriers, email us or call 253-507-7548 for an appt. Tell someone you care about - we practice compassionate care.
#lessexcitingbandnames Jay-Zed
Why buy a yearbook if your not in half of the pictures anyways????
Any recommendations for good ortho or neurosurgeon in Mil area? Just looking for second opinion. Please message me answers.
The font size of the Continue Game button has been increased to match the composition on the interstitials
Hey Will! How have things been?
It's fun to see red-faced & pouty. The camera needs to go there more often.
Finally the #Aztecs are off to a quick start, leading 28-18!
Happy Mother's Day from The City Insight! Please view a Mother's Day announcement we have on www.thecityinsight.com.
I always notice you. Whats it gonna take for you to notice mee? |:
No problem!:)
Absolutely no taxis when you need one.
Thinking and always will be thinking about ICONic Boyz<3 <3 <3
i thought it was but logie and blake thought it wasnt funny at all.lol
Do you know how I got here? I failed many times before but I kept going.
I def will, See you later.
HOPE YOU ARE CELEBRATING WHAT WILL BE YOUR BEST YEAR EVER!! xoxo
It's amazing how well one can play basketball when they aren't busy pouting.
And whats the biggest way to keep black people away?
Thanks for the follow and creating a great product!
First mornin wakin up for class for 3 weeks
is giving away an iPad2. Visit ipadgiveaway.riptapparel.com to enter.
Just seen my nigga on airways he just ask a nigga to hit up level2.
In other news, my mom and my aunt volunteered to put lotion on my new ink. Yea for helpers!
Shout out to you need to follow them. I love their tweets!
it was my birthday yesterday but u did not say happy birthday so it was the worst time of my life
“: Vodka, because no great story ever started with someone eating salad”...
About to sleep while the suns risin.
I was just over at servino's for a wedding. I didn't know they had live music there.
SAGgin it..always
Another HUGE concert announcement coming up later today..stay tuned!
Thankful for best friends who break their fingers, local bars to heal the pain, and laughter to appreciate Thanksgiving
RT for that good ol' follow
Your welcome, anytime!! One of best in NYC & FIlm, keep the great tweets coming :)
Thanks, Andrew! Glad you enjoy the videos!
I switched to a Kinesis a few months ago and I've never looked back.
shiiit ready for the long haul grind bro
Want you to be my first ,my last, my ending , and beginning
Best of luck to all the Ironman athletes this weekend -- I'll be the guy in the lawn chair drinking beer while spectating.
I adore me a good cocktail ring - especially when done by a local artisan...big always gets compliments + I get to give props!
if you really want to make her happy send her to the foot massage place and you hang at the bar!!
Psychological Profiling, a relatively new field, looks at offender behavior to determine what type of person they are.
Once my respect for you is gone, you really can't get it back..
(WOW! Congrats I guess..... I mean... I never heard of or from these dudes... LOL!)
Headed to the dentist for spacers. Then braces next Tuesday, freakin yay..
Happy Easter Eve!!! 2 more hours till Easter!!
True or False: Social Networking is a waste of my time...
RT : Oh, you're a DJ? You must be so good at pressing buttons on your laptop.
Why they hating on ya album cover
Derby Time. Gemologist and Dullahan look good. Not countin out Hansen at the 14 post.
Absolutely love the video...You look very handsome in white..
thank you ;). your looking really good too
Went through my frosh yearbook & almost all the messages include "you're the craziest girl and your baby/Jesus jokes are hilarious" lmfao
It's such a nice day in New England. I'm doing some grilling and we are having a wine tasting pool side in my yard. My neighbors are happy.
5:40am wake ups take a toll on you by Friday.
Everyone has a bitch button. Who's pushing yours? While u prolly can't control that person, u CAN control the way u react 2 them.
School is lame
Unity will be difficult but it happens around the table.
Since this page has gone unnoticed....i guess im gonna have to.......
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Take me to the place i love, take me all the way
I loved Garbage Pail Kids - they cracked me up! I had so many of the cards. What made you think of that?
good plan. So very close...
photos as documents of testimony; testify to cultural encounters that preserve them
yea yea lol
You're wicked smaht!!! RT Who!!!! What did I tell you a few tweets ago?!?!?!?!
I don't get it either, I used love jaws but he's getting out there...
Hey ! Can you recommend any good sci-fi thriller novels? I've been hankering for one and thought you might know....
for 15 seconds
You know what this Hump Day needs? A little hair of the dog that shit in my shoe.
Washington D.C.
u can teach me anything u want
I bet u are :) what credit cards did I say it only took
#ThingsIReallyCantStand: people who actually drive the speed limit.
What's going on with pimps & so called pimp nowadays falling for their hoes. I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure that's a no no.
Found $25 iTunes gift card. Bought , , and Rome albums. All three are fantastic.
great recovery there by Noesi, too. kind of inning a pitcher can learn a lot from, more than you can a no-hitter.
Have a Wavvey Wednesday!
Besides me, This girl is going through ruins right now. The simpliest thing you can do is show Harry her Twitlonger. Please.
Thanks boo!! Hows that BPL going for you? :)
Seriously!!!! My boy singing my all time favorite !!!! This is amazing!
Felt like I was white water rafting in my car...the streets are flooded! #get itogether
Thank you so much for the writings! On my to-read list for this AM....
This world is getting crazy
love will have you feeling good, and looking dumb .
Let's go I heard they found the solution Where will you be for the revolution?
So covered in sweat.
I'm gonna need the ravens to lose next week. I don't even care if I have to issue a public apology. Steelers need a bye week
Your post made me tear up. I'm not sad for you, but really moved. :) Thanks for sharing.
I'm mad I missed like all of on ustream maybe next time
Wondering how I can get involved in the compelling industry of offbeat stock photography... and by offbeat I mean inappropriate Tebowing.
This is my 700th Tweet, hope it's a good one
Or not.
Great Work
How about you sing to the customers while they wait for their donuts? ;) haha that'd be awesme.
Why is the music from Next to Normal amazing
i know. I love you both <3 hehe
You might get lucky, but it could be stormy at that time.
Happy Monday AlL!
Finally got to get back on twitter!!!(:
Jevan Snead is the single worst player in football, not just college but football on any level including pop warner
Crystal Clear Pools has the best deals on pool maintenance, repairs, and renovations
me jealous
RT meeting. How to mass produce green housing at an affordable price. Spire Architecture in Millbrook is trying.
still snickering to myself
omg this guy has an amazing range, so unexpected
"So hide your face, collect your things; this is what we call the walk of shame"
This rain sounds beautiful
Might be due to UNLV getting blasted
Absolutely going to see #TheAvengers thus weekend!!
LeBron fills up a stat sheet almost as well as well as Christina Aguilera fills up a shirt.
Am I the only who could care less about the Derby?
Murked that final done with school #booyea b rose with later
. we've come a long way in 40 years.
Teen Wolf Trailer? Oh lawdy don't even get me going on that show!
dats sweet RT : I like to have people happy even if im not
Back to script writing...may the ideas begin to flow!
Driving back from dropping matt off at college :'(.. It can stop raining now..
hm. I got fourish. Jealous.
Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer, "Titanic is syncing", press cancel, feel like a hero.
I followed u :p
Well, at least I'm good for something. Thanks!
RT : We're releasing our covers album June 28.
Check out the Romare Bearden (1911-1988) A Centennial Celebration, on view now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Pavement, central park summerstage, 75 degrees, pretty lights, smell of burgers cooking wafting through the air.
So how are you doing? Aw, it'll get better.
me too! I miss it!
oh, it's what you do to me .
God bless you, good suh.
omg ! Shut up !
Awesome! The collection of Dykes To Watch Out For?
Thx for the follow Joe. It has been a long time! I will be spending more time back home in 2012. C u then. Happy Holidays!
A:You can use stevia.There is also xylitol and erythritol-which don't spike blood sugar.
Highlight if my morning....leftover Chubby's
I'm sure we'll rage enough next wknd to make up for...
New tag line: "For when it absolutely has to work, BlackBerry... junks out & reboots. Every time." Catchy? Eh. Accurate? Yup.
out of all my pics yu chose that one. Why ohh why? Lol =)
I'm hungry 😞
Madison Pharmacy Associates:1st signs of menopause = an accelerated decline in the body’s estrogen and progesterone levels.
bahahahaha. Duck face sleeping
i may or may not be watching hannah montana on netflix right now.
#IADMIT That everyone can admit that has the most seductive and beautiful smile ever am I right RT if I am
My freaking head is pounding
heard great baritone LEO NUCCI (live La Scala recital on Lufthansa) great artist: perfect execution, deep meaning SIMPATICO! A treasure!!
i miss <3
not yet ;) I keep trying to take a pic but it's not doing the color justice.
Open Jam, bring your instrument. FREE admit. Sign up, perform on the stage of the Historic Paramount. 7-11 pm Bar opens at 9 765-642-1234
Well today is flying by...school tomorrow:( #WhereIsSummer !?
yeah, 4th gate change in past few hours. Move everyone breathing down this gate agents neck
is Knoxville in yalls spring break plans?
so exciting! Congratulations to you and / ! I think you should have ur hen do in LA! X
didn't Bruce Lee say that first? If not, where'd they get it?!
Austin is flawless. that's true (:
We're 4 hours in, and the final 2 #mims12 groups are presenting: &
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh great just what I needed -__-
I'm really happy that this headache will never go away
thank you!! So glad you found me here he :)
Should've at least went to the meet.
You Right, You Shouldn't Change, You're Perfect The Way You Are :)
Maine produces 99% of all the blueberries in the United States
AH your so close to 600K. i can't handle the wait! #Austinto600K MAHOMIE FAMILY IS GROWIN <3 #SoProud :')
At the game they announced that when Shaq was at the freethrow line. It looked like Nash congratulated him for making it. LOL!
LA HOLLYWOOD...WYD Tonight? You Should be going to SUPPER Clubs Mad Hatters Event...it goin Down...Pretty ladies Free b4 11
Excited for another workshop with cd Valerie McCaffrey!
It's getting closer, the 9 MILE MUSIC FESTIVAL is only 2 days away!
Games on in the restaurant.. Let's fucking go
My beard is awfully full thanks to
Working on the Boot Camp website...Have to finish it up so that I can get to work on my blog!
Just a reminder. Schmooze event is 5:30 tomorrow at the Benson Hotel in Portland. See you all there!
it should be a good one!
Thanks for following my twitter Lori. You may have the only healthy addiction I know of!
What are the benefits of tutoring? Increases student motivation to learn, increases specific subject knowledge, and much more!
some of the stuff that theyre yelling at each other about are pretty interesting though.
ONLY universities at the top, those that can afford the risks, can disrupt this conservative culture... MIT leading the way
Why hasn't the film vs digital debate carried over to bibliophiles? As in, "I would never read a book that was printed offset."
on Thursdays it's beer of the month and you take home a beer glass !
Stay tuned for new listings as we get ready for the new year ahead.
Keep US safe plan 1.Cripple with sound cannon 2.Launch tear gas canisters & stungrenades LRAD may inflict permanent hearing loss
Another gloomy, cool day at San Diego's beaches - highs will be about where the water temp is: 66-68...brrrr for August. Better by Saturday
Choices are endless, CHOOSE TO BE IRISH this week!!!
Anyone need pressure cleaning or detailing? Send me a message........
