4low us n give us ur Em 4 mo details on the Feature Films Projects cos it not safe here
Am I back home in Minnesota?! Rain, thunder and possible tornadoes in Southern California!!?? That's crazy!
I still can't get over the fact that fucking all state arena is pushing back the stage. Like WTF is that about ?! IM BLIND, WOMEN !
I didn't know your cat overlord was a robot cat overlord!
Earthquakes, tsunami warning, windy, rainy, volcanic activity, civil defense sirens going off every hour... Oh my off to a FREAKY FRIDAY!!!
Thanks to our listeners &guests 4 an amazing show. Thanks Republican candidate Knesset Member & legendary Carol Connors
How are comps going, LISonauts?
cool, I know Sal.. Good look
My hand keeps cramping up I don't know why but it's really painful....
25 days till I am 40 weeks. So really anytime between then and now!
my bad. my software must have unfollowed.
more like anything featuring a cast of dogs
Go N Get It
[The wretched] flee themselves; for when alone they recall many difficulties and expect others, but not when in company #Aristotle NE1166b
wat u mean?
I'll never understand why anyone would CHOOSE to vote Republican or join them.
ah duluth tomorrow im gunna get crazy.
for sure. :p
Come in and park. I'll give u $5 to park.
the Sprinkler of Death? Best idea EVER!
i am about 2 watch the movie Tangled :]
Mondays aren't ALL bad...We're serving warm, fresh, cooked-to-order #Greek #Cheeseburgers for $5 from 11am-4pm!
Man, this game is getting dirty as hell.
#SinceWeAreBeingHonest I think Stiles is a fake. Look at some of the pictures he puts up and some stuff he says doesn't add up.
lmao. He bout to be like "daddy y my diapah pur-pah"
Wow, #SNL was killer last night. "there's a 95% chance you'll end up co-managing a motel with her skeleton" re: kid/mom on TIME cover
I love local lattes at fido with
Although men, too, can have self-esteem issues related to hair loss, for women it is often even more traumatic
I miss you
Take the family to Bar+Bistro @ The Arts Factory to celebrate the season! No one does holiday cuisine quite like Chef Beni.
Oh Aimee! RT : His eyes crinkled in interest. “A detective in kitten heels?...I bet you ride a scooter, too.”
Sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fans fell down.
I just realized I'm going to be single for the rest of my life :) :)
please stick to beer and not jokes.
Our first #FF on this new handle! Thank you!
Watching my two favorite players in the league battle one another + a sour mash on the rocks, priceless.
Not a big fan of working on weekends -
Faith down under! Wanna see in Sydney #Australia?? I'll get u qualified Mon. morning beginning @ 6am on !
This week will be all about getting stuff done. Ready. Set. Go.
#If they're not a part of the SOLUTION.., then they MUST be a part of the PROBLEM.
nah it's not, we just love cats :3
NEED HELP. Old Iphone died, Have a new one but lost all my contacts. If you're reading this PLEASE text me or DM me your number. Thanks!!
English final. This is gunna suck!
It's so peculiar and strange it's abnormal no one understands how I deal with him
thank you for the #FridayReads shout out! I'll be seeing you this upcoming week, right?
Oh no. You gotta run them. Throw your arms up!
Ignorant people dismiss emerging technology and trends. Smart people embrace them and run with it.
RT I just downloaded a dj app. HMU if you need a d for a party
Yo #Nashville, if you're not doing anything tonight, come wind down the weekend at the #Exit/In ... there's 2 nice soul bands playing!
I just wanna be happy
good luck!!
Today I'm thankful for our awesome #creative & #tech freelancers -- writers, designers, and #SEO whizzes. Thank you for your awesome work!
Are you searching for a #spa to relax and unwind? is a hot spot that you will LOVE!
DC: What's up this weekened? R U ready for 12/31? Let's celebrate in the streets of CHINA TOWN!
WE WILL BE BACK STRONGER THAN EVER!!
...Everyone has something to share!
Just tripped and tried to play it off like I was jogging....I FEEL SO STUPID!
Going a day without swearing is impossible for me
Take a big bite out of that apple !!Enjoy>>>
what's shaking bacon??
Check out "Wretched" starring Todd Friel at 5:30 pm weekdays on KEEN-TV, one of Legacy TV's finest offerings. Then watch it again at 9:30 p…
because is the best, our iPod jack should be fixed next week!
Nf she cool:-)
RT : A reception honoring Don Slesnick for his service as mayor of #CoralGables is set for June 8
Just working on getting my Twitter game right!
see ya later:)
#leadership starts with 5 words: How may i help you?
Love iPhones? Love film? SECCA mixes the 2 in Mobile Mini Movie Competiton. Finals Thursday, May 3, 6 pm. LIght refreshments. Free.
If I break up with my girlfriend and all she does is cut my hair, The first thing I do is find a new barber.
Car wash tomorrow :)
The progressive commercial auto commercial is funny.
“: This guy at the bar just told me his wife is 4' 9" tall...by 4'9" wide. How sweet...”perfect dimensions 4 Instagram pics!
there's no such thing as to many piercings :P lol
well your more than welcome to
#FF Thanks for following us! Have a great weekend.
Embrace your new (helpful) robot overlords RT : it is about humans not machines!
(ipad/kindle pairing) why did u decide on this bi-modal method?
#4FamousWords You Only Live Once .
RT : Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented & fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Thanks hon. I'm here for ya.
In other news, my mom is wearing bedroom shoes. When she walks it sounds like she's wearing snow boots ... in the snow.
That would be great. I also think BS was better at 3rd than ours.
Because everyone fucking sucks.
I think I might be the only person who just watched the Super Bowl just for the commercials.
Slumber Party with and !!
The last time I stayed up THAT late over a book was for Twilight. I have no idea why I make this stuff public on twitter!
Thanks, Kimi! I'm proud of myself! A+P is not an easy class
please follow and i? Thanks :)
is he okay.?
I would like a ticket oak.
Thank you Southwest for the WiFi! It makes my life so much easier!
Right!! I was so freaking mad!!!
I had to work!
Last day of #TXLA12 in the morning. Kind of sad it's over. I didn't get nearly as much free stuff as I thought. Learned a bit though.
At the #Bluetooth offices testing with lots of phones. You've gotta love interoperability!
#toomuch?? :) RT : note to self: do not read bosses emails with a full bladder.
Deyer just turned the fans on in the warehouse, it's like the power of 3 helicopters up in this piece. I may need a hoodie. .
PARDON MY CRAZY.
should the original sewer rat be offended?
#NeverShouldYouEver Lie to me..
Just received your email to contribute for Tom Barrett. Since both #Obama2012 & DNC are sitting this one out, I should donate?
it never worked on my android tablet or nook - it did work on my phone
#kombucha is the new jesus juice
": Hey Russell Wilson... Welcome to the REAL effing Big Ten!"
I wonder if Keke Palmer is legal yet?
hey Riley! When are you going to star in another film?
YOU GUYS. Sherlock is back on Masterpiece Theater this Sunday. Cumberbatch + Freeman, FTW!
when cars going to starting running on vegetable oil! these gas prices ridiculous!"
you know Santorum's out of the race?
Didn't know u were following me! Lol
Rose: You got a love bite on your neck. Your life's goin' down the toilet!
Tschumi: the manifesto is a contract that the undersigned make between themselves and society. (Nice.)
My tummy hurts like a bitch.
Great to take Amsterdam historic dike walk and end with Automatiek. ..and hello Jasper ..we met at MW2011.
girl i'm bout to bop yo Venezulean ass into next tuesday then you really goen say it feel like your very first CROAK
I think that is some sort of cosmic law on bed-wear, actually. maybe an foam egg crate can help for a bit longer?
where did u send it?
Fucken hate everyone that went to Bamboozle.
No worries, I wasn't planning on doing anything until tomorrow afternoon, so that should fit just fine. Thanks!!
Put clothes on idiot
We are working on it!
London and Paris bound! a big end to a big year. European Christmas Vacation...chevy chase would be proud.
I Love the things da U do.The words i need to hear to get me trow da day N make it ok.I miss U..??
Boxed wine and The Descendants. Pretty nice little Friday night.
Chicago Blackhawks Season in Review, Part 5: Are Sparks Flying in Management? - Bleacher Report
7-6-5 leg day destroyed me. Try it out
they said by Patro?
not even camping on memorial weekend?
Thanks! Glad people are enjoying!
A bit early for the first session of the day, winning conversations with
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins. - Chinese Proverb
I think John Elway kept Brian Xanders around just long enough to learn his job, then ousted him.
hate that I missed the Vegas trip. I can't make Wednesdays game b/c it's earlier. But Billups, Jesse & the boys got ya covered
Want to make a video. 20 questions maybe? Give me some questions and I will upload the video tomorrow!! Tweet me please thanks!
aw imagine how fun bowling with would be
Just got to Utah, it's beautiful out here. I'm looking forward to the premiere of PRICE CHECK at SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL 2012.
Call with reality TV producer just got moved up to tomorrow. They "want to move ahead with the project ASAP". Well ain't that good news!
Dear Repubs: Says a lot about your party when right-wing radical Sen. Tom Coburn acts like the adult in your midst.
OH hell yeah! Best weekend ever. But I didn't sleep last night. I'm still really tired, but not sleep-tired lol. BAD.
is your manhattan store open on christmas day?
Omg are you kidding?! XD
Mission of Burma on #soundopinions Yes!!
Time for the Friday music question. What music do you associate with Dick Clark? Explanations and video links welcome.
#Renvenge WOW, at least this is not the last week. I thought it was and could not understand how they could squeeze everything into 1 night!
great chatting with you as well....still owe you an email, on computer now so its coming!
will be talking to her Wednesday morning!
Starting from you... Saying Haaretz and NYT are one of Israel's - and the Jewish Nation - worst enemies isn't far from truth
well she should come since u already missed 2 games like a bitch
HEY! congrats :) how many tickets did you win?
ah alex follows my other account I could try to get him to follow you!
That does sound fun! I love Columbia city!
someone should make a shirt that says "#blamepaul" on it.
An evening with Distil Milwaukee in Paris. It doesn't get any better than that.
ikno its messes up everything abt a girl
Thanks for the retweet - greatly appreciated! Ilene
do u have VIP for the NYC concert!?
Wondering what to do tonight? Join us for happy hour from 4-7p then learn to swing dance at 8p!
you rock Chandra.. we added the update to your website, thnxs The Actor Store
I'm golfing this weekend even if it snows
Why do people come to wcc in dresses and wedges
"One day, there will a Hollywood movie about this"
The more I try the less I get
#VIRUS To all who may have rec'd spam / infected e-mails claiming to be from me or the ASD_Center DO NOT OPEN ! Hackers!
Thanks for your RTs and mentions >
Is your biz "growing like gangbusters?" is a Chicago-based #Microsoft #Citrix #PaloAltoNetworks partner w/ custom solutions 4 u!
If you're like me, night time is the hardest time to stay on track diet wise. Let's stay strong- don't blow a whole day's worth of work!
Well yeah he dodged bullets w/J Lo....he could've dodged them w/me now LOL!
Could it be my punishment to suffer the aftermath of cancer, with it's pain and discomfort. Just another day of shit.
Wine hangover ugh my head hurts
Cant stand it :)
" matunda ya kwanza" is Kiswahili since it was viewed as "pan african" language. I think its celebrated 12/26 to New Year n USA
May I respectfully ask that you no longer send any auto-tweets after 11:00 P.M. Dallas Time? Thank you and I appreciate you. Dean
do you have children peddling "girl scout cookies" in front of the stores there ?
I SWEA I HATE when people try to act like they stuck on stupid?
What a great week! Thanks to and many many more from
bullpuckey, we were FREEZING. Cant believe you were on a bike!
What not, eh...
LUCKY YAMMER! Miss you, bud! RT : Thank you for the last 2 years it was great! Ready for some time!
Good morning
fixed, maybe.
any reading intervention strategies for a student who is pronouncing initial sounds but then guessing on rest of word?
Do y'all still need help with merch tonight?
Follow and get more followers with gaurntee
Meh...today could be going better. lol Especially since the lasagna is gone. Today's lunch won't compare to yesterdays.
Some of us like to hike , camp and mtn bike on the weekends. so we need cars to get to the mtns
Lovely dinner @ Jane's on Courtland. Great neighborhood eats. Walk to/from even in brisk April air. Veggie salad to die for! Yummy fish!
Ways to get more involved!
Juan Uribe is trash... we can do better then a washed up fat guy swinging out of his shoes and hitting .200 with no power. Can't we?
Gonna sleep in tomorrow. I love the fact that I have no school
Just a reminder our 40 Day Easter Fast begins tomorrow (February 28). Consider sacrificing something & making time to engage God
Cant wait to see you on the #KCA's !!!!!!!!! i voted for you like 100 times! #FavAussieStar <3
i think 60 but that's still cheap for a concert tho.. Drakes are going for like 150$ish You going?
The Spurs are 37-14 through 51 of 66 games this lockout-shortened season. They were 37-13 in the lockout-shortened 1999 season.
Once money management and opportunity recognition mastered, the trading becomes mostly dealing with psychology and emotions-90% (?) of tradi
why are people so rude around the holidays??
if you lived here, you could come!
Baltimore city health clinics saw increase in male participation after making effort to make more attractive to males
Yeah I know. Doesn't mean I still can't chill with my big bro! <3
That was really dumb.
Im loving how amazing it is to have such wonderful people around you
At , where are making Phil Spector proud. Pre-accused-murderer Phil Spector, that is.
you Adventure School folk are a bunch of sweet talkers.
i was just bored i guess;) showin' some love for the Mahoneeee ;)
Good luck.....on your apartment. I just had an inspection in mine and I scored a new heater...
wanna celebrate cinco de mayo @ Taylor Gourmet? We got you...add a lil hot sauce to any hoagie!
Work hard play hard !
Yes it is..lol
same here! Are you in the middle of demos now?
Had no idea that went silent during the actual event! Talk about missed opportunities
Celtics are looking much better!! Leggooo!
Still haven't tried Screaming Tuna Sushi?! What are you waitin' for! It's pretty, pretty, pretty pretty good.
My FKE kids were awesome, as usual. Hope to see lots of them over the summer at the library!
2nd half often a different game. Could be better, could be worse. Let's hope for better for the Pack. Much better.
how did my whole body get sore in the middle of the semester? 0.o oh yeah, autumn! : )
just got home from a fun night! with a whole buncha people!(:
I got you bro hold up
Why Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both rocking them Hobo beards
once again your boy gilbride has let a team back in the game by going conservative.
OK so maybe eating a big donut instead of lunch wasn't a good plan if I wanted to be productive this pm. Z. Wake me when it's happy hr.
Enjoyed it as well. No shame in admitting that #ilovechickflicks, and #CrazyStupidLove is indeed a great one.
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
#leapofreason author Mario Morino just finished speech at City Club in Cleveland, huge ovation - powerful challenge to rethink philanthropy
if this is real blood and you really did cut yourself I'm sorry but that's not cute
Why? Use of tech isn't the goal. But use of tech in the right way can amplify goals of political reform or anything else.
Congrats to on signing at Panola Junior College
thanks I'll email them
You know who Josh Hamilton is?
fuck chris brown....
Really? Who's the winner? Are you asking about Sat dinner or brunch?
RT : What's good? World! ==== cookies
"do you want me to microwave them?" is that a fucking joke
HUGE MOVE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
“: I just realized I'm the only kid in my kindergarten class with a smart phone”. Caillou: a Tech Ed leader.
nice work, let the digital cartography via Google commence.
feels great to co/inspire!
Why would Typed/Bookmarked show up as a social network in the Referrer Types - Social Network report?
let's go shirt shopping Friday! I still need a shirt
I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment
gnr i cause i can be a nightmare bitch
girl im here for you!. What do you need?
big thanks to the christians who gave blood for my homemade matzo ball soup! it is TASTY!
Wouldn't it be great if we could brighten someone's day, and give God credit? I bet if we keep our eyes open we'll find an opportunity...
I think I've watched maybe two innings of the Reds so far. Meh.
Adding new products to the shop! Stay tuned for news!
Oh honey I know that. I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
A dumb law with a very dumb consequence.
these look amazing - count me in! Hope things are drying out up there.
#thatawkwardmoment when you have to cheer against a childhood friend..
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated. Thanks for all of your patience!
Last movies seen: Weekend (1967), Take Me Home Tonight (2011), The Last Picture Show (1971), Identification of a Woman (1982)
Sirens outside in quakertown means Santa riding through town on a fire truck, not crime like in dc.
We are all responsible for our own life. Don't fall into the trap thinking you are a victim of yours. Embrace owning your choices for 2012.
The most valuable person you will ever encounter in life is a GENUINE Problem Solver.
thanks! yea that sounds cool just tell me how to make it happen.
Good!! Busy!! How you been? WHERE you been??!
can't wait till we in Dallas!!! my legs hurt like a mf!!
Go fuck yourself #Brady you don't deserve it. Good job
I know a redhead that likes to party and has a birthday coming up!
Forecast for Tuesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
Damon and Alaina >>
The work day now equals 24 hours. Oy.
Boehner looks really stress out and he's lost some weight.
Graduation from Georgetown Journalism School today!
DJ Sammi is at The Place Tonite filling in for DJ Nixx... Last night the New Jersey Devils were in, and they said they were coming back...
Rutherford Haze
thank you for that reminder. I needed it tonight.
I guess I can use any format that works on the iPad
Everyone needs believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
We'll be in contact with your athletic director. Appreciate the support!!
Great piece on #CMI today about doubling content without doubling workload!
And we love GoSO! RT Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings. ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I think this is great and absolutly needed...i have some ideas of how it can work...email me and we can chat more
I love NYC too.... yeah Erphun is cool as hell!
Hot Damn Grizzlies!!!!!!
Shout OUT to the real #OTAKU which is #TEAMJUMP SJ VIP
Hey it's entertaining haha btw to fix your coffee/sleep dilemma...decaf!!
I have no friends and i'm going to keep it that wayy
In with new out with the old
thank you(:
Jesus looking at NBA stat lines how fucking high were the knicks? Mello drops TWELVE and novak took 12 shots... all 3s
New ed reform groups, pushing Emanuel's agenda 4 schools ( included), could accelerate change in Chicago
haha I'm still lost thoughh..
Ferris Wheel @ WBC? Um yes. Now you can get your buzz on 63 feet in the air!
Yay! That is my specialty! :)
o love that pic
Come on beat out those Glassmen!
thanks buddy. I could use all the love I can get!
oh goodness ! Who knows !
haha what a stud
Thanks for the follow.
Strasburg is a great pitcher but not much of a base runner.
Hoping everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend.
Hahaha I actually just laughed out loud
Increase cognition in kids with LD: Vitamin D, Omega3, Nature/get outside!, exercise and avoid food dyes and processed foods.
#WhyDoiAlways worry about stuff that hasnt even happened yet
Enstad from sun prairie finishes 4th place at state wrestling.
or a Walk Director for Autism Speaks, Revlon, MS Foundation, etc
Either way, I like it! You can download my book FREE today on the kindle. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance
Yup. I need a liver transplant.
wait what? ahah
Anyone from the JLM area going to Google Engage event tomorrow in Airport City?
lol u always thinkin and same here ;P
I hope this ref can't sleep tonight knowing he did a terrible thing today
I wish I was whataburger... because you really like it. ;p
So, I'm feeling you but I don't know how to go about telling you 😘
We're little, it hurts and heals a kiss. When he grows up, a kiss hurts. (Demi Lovato)
thank you for following me. I am excited to hear more about your recycling efforts, gear and ideas!! Very cool!
Boomers need to up their Omega 3's. Read more at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
do something
Based on my lack of sleep last night, I should be out cold. But I think I'm like a little kid. I want to stay up to see what's going on!
I'm going down in a week. Wish we were there at the same time :)
Good morning! Enjoy the hump day loop! Today at 1pm & 9pm EST, we'll be airing DJAK's Magic Summer Tour show. nkairplayradio.com
As in... Sentence you find acceptable, please. :)
Just had lunch with Roxanne H. Looking forward to your "Redemption" Rant!
- Thanks for the shout out!!
Please say it will be an ice-cream cake.
that's cute
Banana cake?! Now you are teasing me. I need to make something with those bananas the kids won't eat because they have spots!
RT FREE SHIPPING on all purchases 11/13! Time to get our shop on
-Ty for the Favorite dolls! have a #marvelous monday! xox
who do you think you are like a celebrity no your a woman beater and i don't approve of you. oh yeah i hope wwe jumps you
Oh, I'll just listen to these awesome songs I haven't heard in a while as I do my APWorld homework. NOT THE BEST IDEA. haha
that so true
That's cool. My main concern was a small, parallel parkable, cheap hatchback that can fit my dog and an amp. Mission accomplished.
So many bad puns during #1000WaysToDie lol.
watching my first episode of SYTTD ever. trying to do this bride thing correctly
Thanks so much for the follow, D'layna! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
Love in its essence is spiritual fire. -Emanuel Swedenborg
Who is Milwaukee's long term solution at 1B? Ishikawa? Hart? What's John Jaha up to these days?
hi i just home :)
Not to mention when he did do it, it never hit the majority of his opponents.
love you ! Show was incredible & waiting the hour after& RUNNING to catch the 11:14 train was worth it! <3
Rant Sports is looking to hire NBA fans to blog about their favorite teams, send a direct message if interested in a paid blogger position
awesome! Jealous. There is no Strongbow here. Also, he might want to ask the bartender if the musicians get discount taps.
Time for some history channel. Tomorrow have to go to work early! I need to grow that fucken habit! Already! Mann...
MOAR DRINKS, guys! Where do you keep the bourbon? Someone pls find the bourbon.
On way.
I say the same thing to my stylist
I RESPECT YOU CJ
grind time!
I see Fabulous ppl everywhere!!
i thought he'd rule the world 2 yrs ago. on a good note though, i thoroughly approve of the clean cut look. yes, am shallow. :)
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?” #Rumi ... Where are your wings? Join me at in #writing to spread your
"Hey, you're goin' down, sucker !" Recorded voice over for new video game today. Little raspy, lot of fun...
RT : What does ethnicity mean? Language, holidays, food that your mom made. Past, personal, present.
Lls you wild playboy
they just pissed me off!
Didn't ask him. He was completely bewildered looking for a store. Are they making a new season of curb or what
it's a wonderful day in the wisco, Bucks are evening up the series tonight!
I can't say anything yet!!! At least 3-4 new items :)
Nice mention on blog!
at #sxsw? How is it this year ?
Fortune, i dont need no glammer or pics of me in magz. I dont need the media in my life. I shun the limelight.
We have the same phone! :D
I'm planning on walking
i really wanna take you down, and show u what im about
Visit the booth at the TowsonTown Festival this weekend if you have any questions about the org, our volunteers or our work in MD!
LOVE the idea of meditation as protection! RT : I do a simple prayer/meditation with my children each night.
Not a problem. You can always call ahead and do that too. Happy birthday!!
You stay classy Phoenix
that's a good pic!
Like a pinata.... RT : Need one more on Bryzgalov ... they can break him wide open!
When was the last time you saw a DH pitch? Red soc-orioles, bottom of 16th
I don't get a reimbursement, but the T money comes out pre-tax and is income-deductible from MA State Tax.
ready for spring training??? I'm ready for some baseball
haha, the #gazillionaire list is easy. I'm good, super sore, #tgif!! This one legged #bunofsteel is tired!
haha. I didn't know he's in it until today...it's gonna be a fun show!
Jennifer! How're you, lovely? The Northwest still misses your presence. :)
listening to an oral history interview I did a few years back.
I started on Operation Popcorn for tomorrow.
Just got done reading the book #TheBigMiss. Such a great read. Incredibly interesting and well written!! I Couldn't put it down!
"a foolish man is he who doesn't go with wild berry with frosting when given the chance" - Confucius
My daughter is cheering at a 8th grade game. Its a blow out and the refs blow the whistle and stop the clock every 2 seconds. STOP IT
wouldn't shock me if removed the tweet.
Oh i remember it. It reminds me of AOL...it brings back feelings of frustration waiting for pages to load.
In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
Just another reminder you can catch us LIVE at April 21st at CD release show! It's going to be a whale of a time.
I neva knew knew would make it to final 4, put me in CEO n watch me score
i hate standardized tests, don't know what to study
"Truly I am your servant, LORD; I serve you just as my mother did; you have freed me from my chains." --Psalm 116:16 (NIV)
you are the best Christian Rapper and singer!!!!!
About to find me a new living room set. I am hopeful they will have something Madi proof!
" Looking for my car yet ".
Which server will bring me a dbl mocha medium today?
Can you imagine the victorious cast graduating from Hollywood Arts? I don't want Victorious to stop! :(
at the middle school level I did but now back in elem stud not present..:/ thoughts?
Not surprising. 3D Action movies are almost painful to watch. Thor was basically made for me, and in 3D I couldn't follow it.
Tonight's regular monthly meeting is postponed due to the predicated #snow. We'll tweet when the meeting is rescheduled.
gonna need backstory on new avi
who's interested in learning more about and Local Investing? check out in Madison.
you on Maher,I thought u were reasonable&able to reexamine ur own mind-interested in ur opinion on abortion&gay marriage
#happybirthdayAndrew should be trending instead of #happybirthdayjustin >.>
We finally get some resolution to this jumbled league. You're completely in your element.
bitch, quit taking pictures of me and drive, WTF are you trying to kill us both? Sincerely, the dog in the passenger seat...
Thank you :)
There's reason why you don't fucking follow me so don't fucking tweet me! #MeatballRAGE!
We agree! Gotta love the Mission Cafe - RT : Had a great lunch with Greg at today in North Park.
Oh yes! I'm proud of you. Also, I'm clearly getting a lot more done by trolling twitter....
We love the ones we grow to hate
I never love Sally more then when it's clear she's Betty's daughter.
Thank you NYU for the scholarship money. It helps a 'lil bit.
but...you love me...
Mayweather - Pacquiao is up there with an NCAA football playoff on the list of "Things that Needed to Happen Yesterday"
Work out? Or hair cut?
SUMMER IS SO SOON.
gracias, Project Pat!
haha u have to is so funny!(: sorry I didn't tweet back earlier I was doing a project and my iPod died-__-
They say we're making our way, our way to an early grave
Santa Cruzin it!!
Ew. Maths test results tomorrow -
Good morning! Could be a dicey communte. Stay tuned to CBS 58 Morning News for 's foreast and the exclusive iCam
God will give seed to the sower.
that's just perfect
Poor Schmidt broke his wee wee.
Manet or Monet? Which beard is better?
Just over 24 hours until kickoff! Wake up the echoes! Let's go Irish!
Excited about this slumber party I'm about to have with my bed, pillows & blankies
Free cute little gift bags with any jewelry purchase!
Come on #Bayern!
I really hope the kid isn't attached for next month's "Are You Dad Enough?" cover.
how has BTR changed
I was just in a deep sleep now I'm wide away fuck!
Welcome to the consensus hub Thnx for following!
we really want to karoake!!
Listening to Mika while burning a candle. It really make Biology kinda nice.
soup beats frozen pizza, IMO.
Its that time again! Be 1st to tweet us a good joke to win tickets to and this Friday!!!
Looking forward, tweeters!
Is this the smooth talking Obama America voted for?....... somebody please bring the telepropter.
And you'll slur the words "please babe be mine" so cute. While I'm hopeful that this is the truth.
At a Mexican restaurant in Detroit and they HAVE NO CILANTRO AND NO STEAK TACOS!!!!!!! WHERE THEY DO DAT AT????
"twitter should be used as a lens, study news and trending topics" by from
lol, who would shoot you?
"may your eyes be bright" is a beautiful sentiment and phrase
Great tips. Had a dog show up last fall & kept him. Was so excited the 1st time he went running with me! Now I have a new partner.
That's exactly how I read Howard's article, too.
you and nicki pussy stink ask the hood, no body trying fuck Ya 'LL, go to hell hoes step Ya'll pussy game up Lol!
Ain't no shame in my game I do it wit my tongue, and if you a bad bitch I'll let you ride my face ;)
Let's go HAWKS!!!!
Met the very generous Roger Wolfson tonight at He'll inspire you to be a better artist.
I wish the boys could come, as well. That would be fun. I'm looking forward to hanging out with you guys.
Feels so gudd to be naked with the fan on!
Thinking 'bout the National Parks. Thanks Ken Burns & Co. for the show and the book. They both have been a tonic for the soul.
These stans are mad! I'm loggin off of here lol
OH at work today: "I'm not dumb. I am a sales guy, but I'm not dumb!"
"Me? Smug?" - A good way to respond to someone who calls you smug.
I should get a cheap vibrator and travel w/ it in carry on. Just to bug them.
Keep up the fight against SOPA/PIPA
Can't wait to see Derby Baby on Saturday
Thx! Let us know what u think! RT awesome 2 c u here!Heard theproject from checkthe sounds:)
Best of luck!
What's the % of Lexus, BMWs and Mercedes in the I-15 toll lanes? Are they truly 'Lexus lanes?' Find out Saturday
Who wants some #FREE samples of the best #hangover supplement out there!? Tell me your weekend plans.....most exciting ones get free sample.
Just new Food trailer has arrived
Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative image of Tucson; forgot education and ... - Tucson Citizen Mayor Rothschild wants to rid negative
Dumb question: Do Clipps play "I love LA" after wins? I've never been to Clipps game when they've won.
& yet not til 13RT Producers of The Killing contemplated revealing Rosie Larsen's killer in the first episode of the new season
Much live to an amazing lady and can't wait for filming
what is an olcott and how do you kill it?
A huge Thank You to you for coming out and Surprising me! Best Birthday Gift! I have photos of comping us VEUVE!
Just got done with my workout now its time to shower and relax until later xoxo
She is a good girl. Why is a church handing out wine? Is it a Catholic church?
Look Up!
i wanna go to Memphis and see my family
I'm tryna go to Colorado lol
everyone having a good monday?
Couple adjustments in #SBVillage to help people move through the crowds. Patti LaBelle headlining tonight!
ugh like two days Ago
RANGER beer tonight , And im so lucky baked fish !!!
ha ha pssht go find him
Nice! Are you providing realtime again? #steno RT Excited about tonight's Mock Deposition with Georgia State Law.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
Work Hard, Play Hard By Wiz is
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote. ~ George Jean Nathan
jeebus RT That was certainly an odd ending to a playoff game.
There are so many things I love about airports.
My Joint make a U-Turn #GetIt ?
suburban commando
Just started 's Defensive Network Security final and wasted the first 5 minutes laughing. Well played, sir. Well played.
I sent you a project proposal a few days ago. Did you get it?
If white=peaceful and pure; and, dense freezing fog creates white out; then, how can this winter day be dark and bleak?
When the storms of life bring destruction, your blessed assurance policy covers u 4 life!
WTF is going on in this class
HOW ADORABLE are 's daughters!! Nice work girls! Have fun :-)
My skin gets so friggin dry in the winter, constantly moistruizing. Zum products are the best.
We're wrapping up a fun, productive day of learning, sharing, and growing at #upstream2012. Can you feel the passion?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
CHIEFS WIN! #Packers turned to swiss cheese
i want your chicago bulls thing you have on in your twitcon ! :D
See you at Door64 Tech Fair today!
they r out crying
stop! Just stop it! Pahahahaha
My talents are being called upon for a very wide range of requests today.
As much as we are tired and sick of school, be happy for you can say you have another day to live
Always appreciate 's insight. It was a great read.
Being laid off.....#BetterwithConfett??
So far april has been fucked up for me...
I am enjoying my day off. I will do a bunch of reading and sunbathing!!!
says "Don't hate me cause I'm 10000% better than you." <3
A "Black Panther" (P.B.C.O.C.N.) Poem By NEETTA BLACK Inspired by the story of a “Black Man”.
But the Lakers still suck.......
Don't forget: All rides need to have a ride bib/number. Check in to pick yours up, it gets you all the yummy treats.
Nver expect things to happen, its better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
ok S. Says please with a cherry on top. Follow
Wine and sushi turns into darts and a Black and Tan.
#atxcouncil approves a slate of changes to elections rules, including limits on bundling
Jenae is upset w/ her friends bc they won't take the talent show seriously? She's forcing it on them...
cardo what's ur number? Throwing a spades party tonight yo
I got netflix!! YEAH
Got our own today too :) We work in a great news mkt. Need to catch up soon!
can't stop singing La La by
The weekend is nearly here! Stop in tonight and get it started early!
Seattle screening of Kane Hall tonight at 7pm. Come out and support
Snow? Really? Haha this will be the first time I've seen snow in almost two years ah
you strike me as more of a "Hey Dude" kind of guy. We are totally a "Salute your shorts'" type company.
I REALLY NEED TO GET SOME GAS!
In lieu of notable, she is notorious. You catch more flies with honey.
« Alot of Women don't know what they want, Alot of Men never know what they have.»
The #novel A-Town Veteran is based in #Atlanta and the #author is from #Augusta. Download your copy from #Amazon and see if he's official.
Some serious goofing going around the shop right now...
yay! My workout was cut short when this tall, dark & handsome got in acting like it was the Olympics!
Jesus saves ;-)
Sweet & re-Tweet ;) Emmi
follow back ♥
so how are you?
It's rock week on #DWTS and I'm in heaven!
I got you covered my friend. It's going to be a smashing event!
sure thing! Cool products
#Peeta and #Katniss are such a cute couple can't wait for catching fire!!!!
is a wonderful, awesome tool. Megan has done a great job.Glad it was mentioned.
even though i woke up like at 2 today i was still productivw
Talking to 2nd graders about writing today. And then with about writing this weekend. Love. It.
Fruit stripe gum is like a man that *bleeps* too soon. I swear! Delicious and the flavor is gone in SECONDS! LITERALLY SECONDS! >:[
Carrier Mausoleums Construction Expands Focus on Glass Front Niches by Expanding Senior Management Team
no one likes you....so you shouldn't be on the internet
I need song suggestions for my new ADULT mixtape.
Are the #Twins fielders even trying, that the second or third ball they've seem to let roll to the wall...
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous
Prom picture stalking
7 mile run complete.... Hoping for an easy Turkey Trott!
Decided to go to screenwriting group tonight. The Big Move has kept me home packing last few meetings. Not tonight!
its funna be friday
For more information, contact .
Hello! Are you testing who is real? It seems a lonely cry in the dark...Hello on Twitter...
#Brewers are giving me anxiety!! LoL! Game time is 4:07 tomorrow!
got my haircut yesterday :)
#Shampoo that keeps your hair on your head bit.ly/icRVoC no more fallouts.. my personal experience.
Im not an actor,character,or stunna.
You rock!
**but no LMTF for us.
Ewwwww what the heck IS that?!
Yikes is right! thanks for the retweet - post went live yesterday tough didn't get to email/feed subscribers till this morning!
if I wasn't about to pass out so hard I'd totes take you up on that
presenting at #edui in just a few minutes...
says "everyone in the room is smart"
Need mobile farmers markets in Tampa Bay. Retrofit a bus/mobile home purveying fruits, veggies, sustainable edibles to neighborhoods.
yes sir!!!
im playing with a malik on black ops! O.o
Lebron James also wins Best Receding Hairline / Best Abraham Lincoln Beard Portrayal
Check that: David Lee Roth won't shut up about Indiana
Thank you, please contact , my #PR...have a wonderful weekend!
I would be happy to never see Ubaldo, Wheeler, and Asencio pitch another turn in a Tribe jersey.
Why do you have to move? Ugh. Why do I love you so much. You, ass.
Poor McCarthy! He doesn't need more bad luck!
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
So many things to do, I need to clean, do homework, and finish these flowers for my mom.
christmas party saluting all the hard work
lol don't even get me started on that movie!
Other than the internet, I cannot think of everyday life tech changes that happened after my birth.
protein powder + freshly extracted veggie juice sounded good in theory only...yuck!
: if I were a high school news reporter I'd start today's segment by saying, "Mothers everywhere are happy that today is their special day."
it's good to shower on occasion. I highly recommend it.
Don't need Twitter to be successful
Blah fuck school!
We are notifying you all that it's FRIDAY! Have a wonderful day, drop by for a visit and a chat!
Thank you! We are glad to be a part of your tour!
The traffic jam starts to form just past I-10. But spirits stay high as the crowd slowly shuffles along.
Damn, I just wanna see Radiohead again #coachella #weekend2 #amazing despite record heat and almost dying yesterday.
Talking to my baby :)
Bout to lay in my bed an turn in on the national geographic channel
Masters Cap and gown ordered!! and yes I needed to put the "Masters" in there....
Happy Friday! Come watch the games with us for HH 5-7PM! How are your brackets coming along?!
Man y'all can bash the Lakers but they weren't supplanted in the Finals. The Heat were. No comparisons.
Thanks. We'll have to check it out. Hope all is well
Is there a how to stop crying for dummies?
Spring Formal!
That's the old neighborhood. Best chicken boxes around. *sings* EASTSIDE...I LOVE YOU EASTSIDE!!!
is the performance over yet? We are just now getting smoothies lol
Perfect day for a sweatsuit
“: And we still lost!” We got Tebowed
I had to do a double take on tweet, all I saw was FuiFui and "Car Crash", thought there was a tragedy :)
The Mothers Day bouquet for my wife was a snap as long a I remember "Leaves of three, let it be..."
Sitting down to watch #TheVoice hoping that #TonyLucca comes home w the win
I'm looking forward to it!
Is that regular or diet soda?
The awkward moment when your waiting peacefully to get a massage and the couple next to u start talking about blow jobs
“Yes, risk taking is inherently failure-prone. Otherwise, it would be called sure-thing-taking.”
Say yeps one more time you little piece of trash dirtbag. Oh, and lip lining is so 1994. And by the way, your grammar is horrendous.
Still a bit on East Coast time. Somehow, I'm still awake. Time. In Physics, concepts are true both forward and backward in time. True Story.
Hope you have a wonderful time, Jen! I'm sure you'll look great/
Sometimes, I swear I think you just like to see me pissed off and upset..
Side effect of motherhood: I now kind of want everything attached by velcro strappy things. iPhone, lip gloss, plane tickets, Tylenol...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 26
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist I WISH I WAS A BALLER: SKEE-LO
Knock-out event! Thank you everyone who participated and we’ll see you next year!
Survey: Who's going to give the new #G+ pages a try?
Can you guys make hearts with ur hands ? <33
fuck yeah I would!;)
A successful show. great to meet everyone. more rock coming soon
This is very cool. I'm enjoying these pictures! This is a way to show off our favorite shots without worrying about storage space.
I can already feel today becoming a "that thing you scoped for 2 hours will take 9 if you want it to be good/not ruin your life later" day..
I was walking a peaceful anti-abortion line. two young girls drove by, honked and flipped me off - the world is hurting - babies are dying.
Even though Mr.Frey hated me in 8th grade..I bet he appreciates me now that he has my little brother.
practicing makes me even more nervous to go on stage
I have officially seen every episode of the twilight zone.
ugh. I was sick earlier this week. Feel better soon!
Good morning! It is a beautiful day in the #neighborhood Tell me something good...
yeah, yeah... you're going to get a better grade...wait... we're not getting graded. I'm learning so much from watching you practice
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.—Lao Tzu
Well, did u see episode where she had no makeup? Yikes!
How do i contact you? I have questions regarding my account. I need assistance please.
Kid is staying over at friends so it's date night with the lovely and wonderful
Killed the penalty!
i have.
of course the Celtics girl chimes in.
Instead of "hurricane" season think of it as "perfect weather for boardgames" season.
love your place! :)
hello: is the official twitter account name for the Chicago Public Library. Mine is unofficial. Thanks
So exciting! ~ so proud of you, your journey and what you've become ! Miss you all!
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
Before my Brother took his life... he was on that bridge. Never forget that night. I was on call with him up on it.
HE KNEW SHE WAS GOING TO PICK DAMON AND THAT BASTARD KISSED HER!!!!!! PISSED
Today reminds me of a #QOTSA lyric: How many times must I sell myself before my pieces are gone?
Still searching for that guy who'd be happy to do anything with me, even if it's helping me study. It's hurtful whether you realize itor not
Miss you morer.
Thanks! Here's ta more coming!
thank you for the wonderful tweets today. So glad you're enjoying the app. We're enjoying your check outs & comments
Does anyone have a good front-end dev (mostly just css, some php on occasion) that they can recommend for occasional work?
The Voice > American Idol.
follow please! Xo
“: It's not your fault for hurting me. It's mine thinking you wouldn't .”
thank you ma'am
CANNOT WAIT FOR ADAM LAMBERTS NEW ALBUM!!!!!!!!!
thank you for following me(;
For those of you that had any doubts if this was really me... I am now verified. Rest Easy
Wishing you a safe and merry Christmas weekend!
What kind of beer though???
If you're driving north to MTL on I-87, be sure to stop by Saratoga Springs for tea and scones!
Just had wonderful lunch at Slanted Door on bay in San Fran. Vietnamese in Ferry Bldg, definitely a good one if you're in town!
I mean I did, but fuck it
Enter our sweepstakes today for your chance to win!
It amazes me how many kids are allowed to run screaming down the hotel hallway. Or even how many adults yell to each other for that matter.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers, grandmothers, wives, & aunts out there. What are you doing to celebrate?
Craig morgan is on!!
2day i'm wearing that fav pair of panties - the ones i always wear when i wanna get fucked! wanna guess how many hot nights they've seen?
#hcsm T1 If not taught to embrace social media, future doctors will miss out on the best way to build their practice cc:
I want you to be the reason why I smile! *___*
Ryan uses community records to understand 14-15th c. responses to magic & charlatanry around Mediterranean.
#ThingsIreallyCantStand when people stare at me..."
Are you ready for the new iPad3?
I am in good spirits despite a boring job. Training is going very well. By the way I signed up for Great Floridian!
Hey its Franklin..comin over to your house. LAN
I'm using 1.0.4.2, and yes, I can post to the forum. Just didn't know if there was a quick fix for what I'm doing wrong. Thanks
what happened? I love your mama!😊 on her side too
Draft night party 4/26....lets go! AYCE crabs and shit, and will be there.
I swear, Mos Wanted Crew always gets the BEsT song ! I love it cx
Thanks for the follow! We've been waiting for this day. #We've made it!!!
Love the post! And the pics! You've set the bar high, lady! :)
People making SO many bad choices!
According to NHTSA's early projections, traffic fatalities declined three percent between 2009 and 2010.
Very cool!
just finished up a hard core sesh at the gym now relaxing and sunning it up in santa monica beach house. Gotta get back into shape!
“: describe the perfect girl for you!” I dont have a perfect girl just as long as she loves me for who I am. :)
glad to hear it bud!Take care,and make sure you don't let her turn out to be a Paulina Gretzky type;god her dad must be mad lol
If I was ever given the chance to watch Niall eat food, I would probably pass out on the floor and miss everything.
Peer credibility & regular employee trust has increased. Trust in CEOs dropped dramatically. Academics & experts still top
Ew , these damn maintenance men .
Job Tip: Spend the time to weave a story when describing your experiences on your resume!
It seems like everyone around is in a relationship or in love, i'm just here like.. I like that tree.. That's a nice tree..
Need Business Space For Your Office/Store In Atlanta? Space Starts at $350/mo - Contact Donald 770-702-2044
Two great nights in a row.
WHAT!!!! No frickin' way...HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMIN!!!!
im in the bathroom and my nephew knocks on the door and says "listen man I needa go pee so open before I smash the door" lmao
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune
back to being DRY! last night was awful
Head to Suamico Ale House in Green Bay (2310 Lineville Rd.) from 4-8pm today to celebrate a year of clean air here in Wisconsin!
You're right! :) Live and let live.
hey man! Its going cool, no complaints over here. How's everything on your end? What's it like being union?
On the Road is one of my favorites. Even if you don't like it, at least you'll have read a classic
you ok? We havent talked in a while and i have LOADS to tell you.
Our First Show Back In Our Hometown Of MKE In Over 6 Months Is Saturday March 19th @ Smokin' Joe's on 61st & Beloit.Make Sure To Come See Us
#IwantSomebody who wants me just the way i am
you should have!! 🍻
I'm really happy I made it out to tonight's #SMCSea event. As usual, I have a ton to think about and be inspired by. Great job !
Yoo bro peep my song lake city (rack city lakers remix). Search Barak lake city. On YouTube
' awh how sweet
#OTGTIPS DONT DO THE USUAL, IF U SEE EVERYBODY GO LEFT, CONSIDER GOING RIGHT
Contestants are you ready?...Gladiators are you ready?...3...2...1!
Fuck late starts!
You should rule with fear... Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
no you are
Covering the Straight Street Climb this morning. I dont envy these racers one bit. Hills are my worst enemy...
No! Don't deflate my ego!! :) Loved seeing u! Knew there was a reason I picked TSR tonight after a 2yr hiatus! CU soon, babe!
On Madison radio today asking for money/support. Avoiding SD12 RT : When was the last time anyone actually saw Kim Simac?
Kut's radio stage about to kick off at the Convention Center! 4pm - Blitzen trapper. 5pm - Heartless Bastards. Be there!
": Remember the first day you fell inlove w/ me ?"
is too bomb< 3
#FF my boy niggas bout to be a big boy now that big 21 whoop
the round brown fox hopped over the boring dog.
Think u retweeted
trying to get a photographer out there for tonights event. follow me so I can dm you fam.
For Halloween this year I am going to read several Ambrose Bierce pieces. Yes, I even celebrate Halloween by reading!
I'm so in love with Youth Lagoon.
Just made plans for our 10 year anniversary! SO excited!!!
Letting go, just let it go.
I hate when weekends go by too fast =/
let's ride.
evidently they thinking its Yahtzee...its not a pretty sight for whoeva them shots see...lol ..classic line..
School sucks.
Did I mentioned that I've lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks! I am one happy girl this morning!:)
Me :) RT '' If I'm REAL Comfortable Around Ah Dude Thats Not My Bf , I See Him As My Brother Or Ah REAL Close Friend Type''
How about more unified calendar? Those running current orgs probably reluctant to "fold" into umbrella org...
Wake up bake up
Thanks man I can't wait
Woke up half an hour early just so i could get on the computer <33 haha i don't think i've ever been up this early for school D:
#BandsILove surfer blood
Oh tell me more. Don't believe our Baltimore paths have crossed. And I'm lacking in the cousin department.
fuckkkk hurt my knee tonight
Rapper's Delight is probably one of three 15+ minute songs I can listen to from beginning to end every time.
have I told you how much I love you lately?
I was so looking forward to a really fun season...now
OH: 1. do you know this girl? 2. I KNOW HER ON FOURSQUARE!
I hate it!
Thr car was a bit jerky (it's a manual/automatic hybrid), but a good experience.
Oh I love them, don't want them going anywhere. But they don't happen daily like Florida maybe rains 1-2x a week if we are lucky.
I don't think yall advancing but if we see yall you got it RT : Celtic vs Bulls bet
What Club are you at?
Good to know!
#ISeeYou #TreySongz&Kelly. Cutie together. Love this song
Can anyone recommend any new or innovative reggae or ska from the past decade? No Streetlight Manifesto, please.
If Noah fixed his gap he'd be "super" adorable
Hear! Hear! (or is it here! here!) Either way: Yes, yes and YES.
They pass judgment when they see me not knowing my talent will inspire many ... Not knowing I am what was what is and what will be.. I'm ME
If you are in Central AL tune into WSFA-TV tonight for VOICES comments on new AL child poverty data.
RT : Giving Drew Brees time to throw is like giving Mark Sanchez time to talk to your girlfriend.
cant wait
I did it anyway shouldn't have done it ....should of listend to her :(
Saw running through Central Park after I completed the #healthykidney10K this morning. , you are gorgeous and fit!
good question, great article too. Thanks
It fell in the handbrake compartment. Right before we donated the car he cut a slit into it & there it was!
Morons & idiots.
nothin' just really bored;p youu?
I checked in at Bliss Art House Cafe on #Yelp--> Bliss Art House Cafe isn't an arthouse, not blissful & barely a cafe.
Im so bored
Mann who you tellin.??! It irkes tf out of me!
fat butt...lol
Hi ROCKER
Thank you! Have a great Sunday/Easter!
True. Weird Al always has a very good grasp of any song he's parodying.
I need my vacation reading list. What are you reading this summer?
I wouldn't mind going over to a guys house and watching him play xbox all day and him awkwardly trying to teach me , that's bonding to me 😘
I have the biggest crush on Nap! Lol
Doughnut delight in the Upper School hallway this a.m. God, I love this place!
External Training for Standup training classes for rolling out office 2007 may be required.
Has your desire to play #videogames been so great that it lead to work or relationship problems? Let me know!
LOL LOVE IT :D
thanks do much. You don't know how much this means to me<3
Same page -- best opp to integrate w/SB since it smothers PB relevance & timing devalues it. Already tried that though
“ Momma said don't cry over spilled milk ... Keep it moving..... #moveem”
thanks bro. How did the auditioning go by the way?
yo im a big fan of your music keep up the good work
just got some more shoulder work done. I feel better each time. Check out my doc www.drdossman.com.
Crunch time for distributor deliverables. Meetn w/editor /retrieve drive for hdcam transfer. Still seekn cheap trf loc.
“: avengers comes out today? Every nerd on earth is a little closer to knowing what the inside of a vagina feels like” HEY :(
Thanks for the kind words! Look forward to serving you soon!
Read Andrew Young's the Politician excellent ..fascinating .. sad #edwardstrial #$upport
I know but we do not have any money so I can't get iTunes cards!
in da comuter bc im bored
Save 25% on EVERYTHING at JoAnn Crafts!
ironic given the Ntl forum themes, no?
I'm about to dive into DRIVEN by James Sallis (the sequel to Drive of course). What are you guys reading? Anything cool?
Man, who tryna hit the weights w me this summer lol like no faking.
Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Ozzie Guillen: “Everything I say here is from my heart the truth. I am not trying to get out of a problem.”
My twitter is so slowed.
Hope you had a fantastic time! RT : We're braving the road to Hana today!
We do best when our message, our tactics, and our values line up. Our whole point is love & respect - double down on that.
#wearing the fabulous dress I bought on #retailtherapy shopping trip in San Francisco. Love it!
more puppy pics please ;)
where were you? Will I at least see you at Hunger Games? (cc )
would wide --> she bad
You're too kind. I might be. Expanding my horizons.
i always make my mom get them for me and she just looks at me like i'm 4...
Just doing a little tracking
Whoa...be still my heart. Lots of werkin it out there...hott.
Favorite song is "Going Back To Cali"
I hate this..
you get a baby! Everyone gets a baby!!!
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.” ― C. JoyBell <3
Me ! ": nd me.“ Me !!!! RT : Anyone want tickets for CHS graduation? I'll sell them for 2$ each”"
up a little early to watch tour and get ready for last group ride before
Women & men! Do you think more media/public images of breastfeeding women would help normalize it? Now breasts just=sex.
its crazy that #oomf is so excited to leave the city but tells me all the time she wanna stay the night and be with me
Consider posting your resume to HRJOBBOARD.COM! New and exciting HR positions posted daily.
Join #TedMcclintic at #Butler University tonight as we help #IACC collect dog and cat food donations with
It was so embarrassing :'(
that's some tough love...
Wow taking notes on tonight's show in my life class journal! This is good stuff!
I am tearing up just looking at him. My mom is getting me cat supplies for my birthday.
lol how big is it? And were Bffs! Not bff!
I feel a little badass today... Weird.
You know you watch too much tennis when you can name top 100 players but can't remember your kids names
<closes 6 windows>
Radically rearranging the furniture is sometimes just as satisfying as buying new furniture.
I finally have enough money for my board! :D Just need to wait till Friday so that my friend can get me it :)
I got my cap and gown for graduation today, it's all starting to feel real now.
yeah dude crutches suck...that's why I prefer a wheelchair at school!
I need 1 more follow for 1130 shoutout for shoutout?follow for follow?
gorgeous family! !! Have fun taking those boys to drama :-)
Involved in #docmanagement & #datacapture in Europe? Follow for updates on our EMEA business and happenings
once the bombthreatfest is over, I'm going to have to change my text msg sound. Now I have a pavlovian reaction to it: textsound=bombthreat.
I hte girls that wear those ugly sandals where theres one strap between the big toe
At my grandparents for dinner. It's mothers day and my moms at work all night :/
my moms birthday is tomorrow, still haven't gotten her anything. smh.
Robby introduced me to it, but I don't think of him when I watch it :P
ha! have you read the Erik Larson book on Marconi (Thunderstruck)? v. interesting tho I still liked Devil in White City best.
you straight ?
Party tonight with
Paul Szczechura TJ Brennan showcased their hitting powers as "Chewy" went to the warning track and Brennan hitting from both sides of plate.
Everyone is just comfortable with who remains in the subclass.
The grass may be greener on the other side, but then again you still have to mow it…
I love ur Mr. Toastman BTW it sucks when people do that !
Bet yours is GREAT! RT : Hanging out tonight for final showcase of playwright class. Let's see some plays in development.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you say the word ratchet.
Thanks for following!
Good night
OMG I MISS IT
The Mobile Food Rodeo is tomorrow in Freemont with 35 trucks, beer gardens, music, more, 12-7pm!
my computer is going to die..
smile. It only gets better from here. You have a whole lifetime of awesomeness to explore. Dont frown. Not yet :)
Non-Slip Bath Mats :: Baby Bathing &amp; Skin Care
About To Drop A Nuke In Bathroom.
I love #drag queens! The world would be. oh. so. boring. without them! xoxo, Downtown
if not that, a scrolling marquee in all caps?
wow, that is this weekend isn't it?
Tired of seeing people with the "c" on their profile pic that are ripping Crosby. Do you even know what the C means? Obviously not
nearly finished with Cannac, CD. No. 5 in 2012 Stories. Stay tuned!
good one!
lol...then you'll get a kick out of this song ;)
Golden Girls is one of the best shows ever created
Flash: Obama mannequin hung from noose in NYC. A mannequin resembling Romney allows him to be in two places at one time and no one notices.
Spring break has changed to the week of April 18th.
is thanking Christopher for all of the wonderful things he does for me. I LOVE YOU and I am looking forward to being your wife in 367 days!
followed hey iam a muslam too nice to meet u
If Jesus has nothing better to do than smite me, I have LOTS of tweeting to do be4 it strikes RT cue lightning bolt
RT great to see Boston last night, Other Lives were fantastic. See you when we're back in the fall.
There's a WI one already formed. I'm sure they'd accept Wayne. :) How you doing man? I'm psyched for the season!
that's sweet :) u can, how are you <3
Can someone please explain to me why there is YET ANOTHER SHOW SET IN NYC WITH NO (ethnic) DIVERSITY?
Tweet 1111 coming soon !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!! PLEASE
"Its like a perfect buldge....."
Hi Dan I'm teaching Perf Mgmt again tomorrow and will share your two by for fun. Love PM since it is very challenging stuff
Tommorow is montgomerypalooza so we want to see everyone out there! Great music, food, and fun! Hopefully we will see u there!
you might try Resident Evil: Degeneration Tags Action, Horror, Sci Fi, Violence, Zombies
Thank you Easter Bunny! Bock bock!
Now discussing steps to better manage overtime, personnel and sick time in one central office.
all they do is put the money in the points fund!!!!!! Go to a higher level !!!
One big problem with the stage at #edcities - all f-ing men (besides the moderator).
u guys can all be related LOL :-)
Hosting the Guns & Hose St. Patty's Day Tournament. Good luck to all the Police and Fireman participating in today's event!!
Educators should do everything possible to empower students.
3 more followers !? (:
From today's Listserve: "Goodbyes are part of life. If they hurt it just means that the first Hello involved was a blessing."
Also , strorage seems to effect camera settings. we have seen on multiple occasions the change in setting from H.264 and MPEG4 to MJPEG
. LOL! Don't spread that around!
when did you unfollow me?
Mia Birk on stage at #BikeExpo. Love seeing our Portland peeps up here!
to f**kn funny
lol wow that's stupid. It's like for us in 6th grade we took Spanish tho all our lives we took French:P
identifying as a womanist vs feminist is a personal choice. Living in a self-determined way is what's important.
Fuck this bitch mean
iight i did if u want u can call me now
Who the hell puts "terms & conditions" on a viral website promoting a movie. Oh right you never disappoint.
Beauty Is More Den Just A Look On Da Outside, But Its Watz On Da Inside 2.
RT : It's not true that nice guys finish last. Nice guys are winners before the game even starts.
BTW, saw your grandpops and uncle while I was at the crib a few weeks back, they said to tell u what's up
We had a great time played....Recordame and Theres No Greater Love
Okay Trivia time! What legendary soul singer wrecked his Corvette the first time he drove it?
thanks for the retweet!
thanks bro! It's almost finished! Well it will never be "finished", always improving. But another rack, more rowers & airdynes.
I am good just been busy!!
I have a snowblower fairy! Yea! Thank u!
So excited that Death Cab For Cutie will be playing the Memorial Coliseum on Oct. 20 - tix on sale Friday @ 11a.
Why so elusive? Is there a book in the works?
. Blessings. And yes: My two 2X cancer friends are SO unfazed by life's little whatevers... even spiders.
#wepawave ! RT : I cant wait to meet with my #topbloguera team - lots to discuss impacting families
haha lets rage than!!!
I hate filling out forms too. Probably because being an English major trained me to see ambiguity everywhere.
in Dallas!? okay, we'll wait ;)
Me? Cool? Aw, thanks ! I'd probably be cooler in a Beemer or Mercedes, tho... ;)
Getting My Day started late
Is your store still be open in April of next year? im coming to new jersy and wanted to visit it if it
Real Talk RT “: The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.”
CHAN you need to follow me
Not all those who wander are lost. - J. R. R. Tolkien
Dateless Brown- Buddy Rich starting out the day.
Embarking on a 96-hour social media #detox as of 2200 EDT. <- let us know how quickly you get the twitch - or headaches. :)
We are now able to provide basic reputation management to our clients. Better things are coming down the road.
you're welcome<33
I feel you pimp
I can't wait to get married and have kids and do all that stuff sigh the teenage life is not for me.
djqkskdbdhslf ikr. it was so FUN and he was adorable omg. but id rather it be cancelled than have him/anyone get hurt :c
Who wants to come over and have Ice Cream Floats with me!? #selfless ;))))
Only 7 followers away from our first book giveaway
Possibly another sold out night at victor! The Ed hardy intimates setting the runway in 2 hours
Joining us this weekend?
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
haha you don't carry any books in there anyway I'll fit!
You are awesome! You will be great. I should take lessons. I love ballroom dancing.
Happy Birthday!!!!! <3
Hey everybody it's me Mason who is outside playing in the mud getting ready for the run April 14th.
not only does he row crew, he also urgs
Happy Easter everyone! PB and Jay will be up in New Hampshire this week recording Jackson Wetherbee!!
teamsters firefighters, nurses,NAACP,Ironworkers,Steelworkers,Cops,teachers, families,factoryworkers,college kids,unions from ALLover the US
At #Apache bout to start my weekend yeah I said it. And it don't stop till weekend after
Are we to seriously believe that the #TSA's job is to protect the american people, meanwhile we do not profile or protect the #borders?
not by choice
rewriting Hemingway's Moveable Feast for today's audiences. Going quickly. It's true, we will always have Paris.
Twitter Fights make me laugh :)
Lol I don't give af if you gotta problem w my attitude *subtweet*
Alright. No more moping and dreams of sunshine. This book isn't going to write itself! Rolling up sleeves. Cue the writing montage music!
Chris n Steve r brothers ..great family ! RT : Is Steve Lombardozi, Chris lombardozi's son? #gccc"
#katyperrysucks on kca this is awful! ;( so sad
it's not something taught, you have to be born with it
It's raining really hard here in San antonio): come cuddle,I'm scared!
Working on other projects because my thoughts on current one keep circling back to "why do I even bother?"
What a replacement for Memorial Stadium, beautiful retro style. Baseball stadiums are the finest in sports.
I ♥ your duet on tonight's episode of Glee! I'm sure Whitney would be proud! you sang really well! =D
What a privilege to see death via "social media." I can choose to look away. I could just go shopping, right? Retail therapy, it's called..
Bummed I had to reschedule so many things today.
lol that's cool
Hey man, let's see if this works.
should be great! looking forward to it!
Thanks for the kind words.
wicked definitely met expectations, just thought the sound system would be a lot more impressive in gershwin.
Can't stop thinking about you
can you say....mirror!
Watched the avengers. I love 's cameos!
O my dad's suing someone. He mad lol
nah am naturally beautiful :p
Sorry couldn't resist the pun.
Whats Up Bro
LET GOD GET YOU HIGH TODAY ON HIS LOVE!!! CAUSE AT THE END OF THE DAY, 4-21 IS COMING AND YOU WILL STILL BE THE SAME PERSON...
Dew points in the 20's and gusty winds all day has put #RVA under a Red Flag Warning. High today around 73.
Long ass day of band writing. Hopefully will have a new song in our set list for next Saturday. Hit me up for tickets!
Seriously I bawled. I mean I hate to say it, but I bet that dog doesn't live long. His love and loyalty is amazing!!!
Thank you for following me!
OMG OMG I knew you existed! I prayed to you often :)
how long did they take on the grill? we need to do a smoker vs grill cookoff
first ebay caching successful.
RT i like people who feel the need to pretend they aren't serious.
Made it on the plane. I'm coming home San Antonio. #Stuck in Vegas
getting a morning text from the boo is the best :)
I know right lol
it sucks that I can't retweet some of your images...
Beating the heat indoors with my two favorite gals. Boy it's hot!
Irish specials all month! Today serving Ulster "Soda Bread" Benedict- rashers, wilted spinach, fried eggs, tomatoes, green herb hollandaise.
Happy fathers day!
#wheneverimbored I think about how you complain about never having a girlfriend and I just wanna say...
neither did l.
even i heard
Happy belated birthday ! :) RT “: S/O to errybody dat wished me a happy bday yestaday !”
It's not "your website" as you referred to it as, Jasmine, it's OUR website, evry1s
just don't make me live on my fuckin knees, you know
I wanna talk to you so bad , but i want you to text me first ;/
Please Talk Back To Me...!:(
i've not seen Cross of Iron. I will add that. Saw Avengers tonight. Very pleased. The Joss Wheedon comeback/dialogue is excellent.
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run.
The colon is the largest contributor to disease of any organ in the body. It is said to be the initiator of 80% of all critical illnesses.
thanks. No FB for me - just twitter.
RT : Software #startups with great ideas in #energy: now accepting Spring 2012 program applications...
So far 90 min spent just on Pre-Observation #nysut rubric tagging for #appr Principals will need to delegate to do this well.
work later -_-
I hella wanted to go I have a bottle of heem still. What's good with today. I was hella happy too see you. You get down now 😉
My Spleen!
All contracts should be put out to bid, but Chicago and State of IL have done it in the most harmful way to human services.
Thirty more followers to go help me get to 100 follow me and I will follow u rite back
People give attitude to others in life probably because the bs that goes on in there life
Live for now. Hope for tomorrow.
This mane crazy u gt me messed up lol
RT: Make It To The Tonight!!! Shoutout to hallowpoint for making this party go down each and every friday!!!
Glad to give it! Most important to me right now is speed/design of admin UI...
i wanna be baked af
Quick! Where's a good place to get pizza in Birmingham?!
Mr. Obama, would you please "evolve" on your views towards our Constitution and be for it too? Gosh that would be nice to see!
Milk makes me go sleepy
why can't I watch the Tor v MTL or COL v NE?????
You don't look gross! Ahh you cut your hair! :D
That awkward moment when you try to jump into a conversation and you get completely ignored.
