It awesome when your iPhone headphones go through the washer and dryer and still work.
It took me three tries to get my shirt on this morning and the day is half over,it can only get better from here, right?
yes!! Hah im a heavy weight & i swear I had a buzz at the end of it lmao
Follow me on twitter..@ mrdetroit23.. Get @ me..
Keith - just quoted your 'Welcome to the end of our careers.' line on his debut show at
Thanks Ashley...you're the best! Please let me know if there is anything I can help you with in regards to your position.
RT : Results of NYC Teacher's Choice cuts Only $4/student=teachers spend $1,000 of their own $$ on supplies-...
Marta online host is flying alone in from Poland for Shine. Has housing but need to connect her with young ladies while here. Suggestions?
The only thing I can't wait for is to bash my dad in front of people who can actually help me go live with my mom.
FYI sometimes apps are owned by companies - more ppl than just devs have motive to increase # of good reviews :)
Awh, hott weather is gross. I prefer cold better. :) I just got home from a friends house.
I'm sorry but we "CAN'T" be friends...!!
Flyers nearing Granite Ridge softball title - St. Cloud Times
Unless you consider Sublime a ska band, then yes, they're all five.
What a gorgeous night! Enjoy it now before it gets too hot out there!
Just got tix for #Rangers at #Caps in #DC next week! Who wants to come with?
hope you liked the card.
Having fro yo with mini gummy bears!
Lord have mercy! What's a brotha to do? I can't even enjoy my memories now. WTF Lark? :(
thank you for the #drupal modules suggestions. Another drupaler mentioned those so they must be the way to go.
While prepping my current hard drive for transfer to my new computer, I realized I've got a lot of junk sitting around that I never use.
I'm doing alright, what you been up to?
at least you saw her yesterday :( there's always 1st period i guess..
You are a devil
I want to go ice skating. Right now.
nicole ari parker still bad
Send a picture of your smiling face next to a #Barnstorm poster on Cap Hill & she'll mail you art. Or hand it to you at the event.
The pass is good for 4 right? My folks are coming now. :)
Thanks to student newspaper for feverishly tweeting updates at Future of Journalism panel. Good stuff.
Ruben is piercing all day long!! Come on down!
I'm thinking I should start to blog (maybe). Better to do it through Wordpress or tumblr? I already have both...
ha! Almost. The wife actually said "You wish I'd pay you".
Online retailers - Sending me a daily '12 Days of Christmas' email is getting pretty old.
Craving some #BEERSonBEERSonBEERS!
Hot showers relax me, now time for sleep ❤
- dream big! Momentum in the right direction!
Just tried OC myself - yes very very basic and some surprising omissions - but I like the streaming media folder.
Two more hours of work left in the year to grind through, then I'm free...
#Kobe lost them that one...
I LOVE it. You get the best hardware and windows. I use MACos a fair amount now too.
Sounds like someone needs to cool they shit.
In response to previous RT, high energy '80s and '90s songs, hands down!
says we will only hear from government witnesses today as public witnesses have already had the opportunity to testify
I have wings as of right now;)
ends his talk at #WFUD12 with a powerful reading of "Incantation," a powerful poem on the power of language &
museum as holodeck? Make it so!
Listen, we can handle it! LoL
cool... That'll work
That's possible, or what I lack is a crystal ball. I understand, but so to do should not be like pulling teeth.
how do u get in twitter jail?
dude weak as fcuk though.
.. #Faith liberates us from #Pain . It is the supreme medecine. #Believe me it does.
I should really think of another abbreviation for follow up.
he wears that signed Poole jersey All time to school n everyone asks how he got it
Prep Jerks: Spring/Summer 2012 - Prep Jerks ® Blog
Just managed to disable the network adapter on my remote dev machine. I don't have physical access... FML.
Just FYI, I think that the NEH softball team should be called the Waffletown Syrups.
Yes. Particularly strangers who care only for profit, not human health or animal welare...
Welcome to ! RT Happy NEO Monday, welcome to our 12 new employees - such great talent!
boom... looks like the storms are weakening as they approach tho... what a surprise, right?
Can you handle what I'm about to do?
'tis the season. We'll have to see you on board this summer. & have already pedaled
u from cleveland?
I've been on since 7:30 ;) <3 I can't wait!
Toronto sports media anointing Landeskog the Calder winner already. RNH 3 points back with 22 less games. Makes sense, right?
my grandmother Xenia, a successful lawyer and first woman with a driver's license in Uruguay
I dont hate you Justin! Dont say that
in part!
In this part of town you don't get away with something like this without having to answer where YOU from?
Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis just booked a week on "Harry's Law" with Kathy Bates :)
I won't eat any more M&Ms today. It will take massive self-control but I can do it because I'm STRONG (and I've already eaten all of them )
#capirotada days r over.
I don't care who you are or where you're from, have the heart to tweet #bieber4potter and help and 8 year olds dream come true
Has anyone used a honeymoon registry before? If so, any recommendations?
according to untappd, you are having a killer night :)
Jasmin i thought Louis was your favorite ICONic Boy?
Does anybody following me watch Grey's Anatomy or Scandal?
My little voter guide, humbly offered, for your consideration:
The 1% understand the importance of having a roadmap, that it is no easy task and it requires time and commitment.
RT : No matter what you do in life and everything you do in life you are telling your story.
The counters in this match have been awesome.
I'll treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,I'll show you the real definition of the best.
Couple hugging and snuggling in the clab... No one wants to see that.
cc: RT : , I'll be cooking for you & crew tomorrow in OB w/ the Islander.
that's awesome! haha that would be fun!
"Big feet mean big socks" yeah austin im sure thats what you meant ;)
Omg I think my stomach is dying
I assume Herman Cain decided to go the other direction?
my man Axel “: only Axel Foley would notice two guys about to rob a strip club”
lmfao I know :o
Oh I want a milkshake, strawberry milkshake to be exact
Free show tonight. After your family festivities, come join us for 93.3's music industry night at Oak Tavern. We play at 10.
Coletta speaking now, Vibrancy&Diversity key for community.
Tonight's show at Chevy sound garage is FREE. 21+ - Come see us at 10:45
We will have a chance tomorrow to ask your questions to Denver's newly elected mayor. What would you like to know?
Child's peace poem. RT : Children cry.The earth sighs/'Why do we shove?/We need more love'" Jamie Quibell
Girl just asked if -3 is more than -2 #weak #HowAreYouInThisClass ?
video isnt going up.. youtube doesnt want it up now i guess... so i will try tomorrow after school! (:
Go get 'em, Tiger! Wish I could be out there with you guys...
During the week early afternoon (But you can submit #AskZoe Q's whenever!) RT : what's the best time to #AskZoe a question
This is what happens when you're playing from behind. Bo could have done himself a favor by getting out ahead of this story earlier in week.
Two parts for a final? Tf?!
Power outage on the red line??
Her name is mrs. Hershey I don't know who would want to marry this bitch!! Lol
Great news on multi-million mis-spending by Tarrant Cty officials. Way to expose!!! Dale Parker
I'm just laughing :)
You are just an optimister! HAM got to keep the pole position.
I am looking for about 12 models....doin a fashion show March 24!
the name of that episode is " A woman's right to shoes" it's my absolute fave SATC episode ever!! I can watch it over and over
#SWFL place to be this weekend — catch me downtown at for some #cracker , #BBbann for #wicked #BBQ &
I agree - why make it so hard on everyone?
always will dude.
If I move I'll just find more sad kids. People just don't realize that they're doing it to themselves.
Learn from your mistakes. Realize that everything is a lesson in disguise. Forgive. And let go of the things you can’t control.
we hear you got beat up by a small bird today? If you need help, don't hesitate to call at (202)687-HELP!
That is good! You have to take care of yourself!
Didnt even have to use my AK, i gotta say it was a good day
Where theres a will, theres a way
Justin Coughlin had 14 points to go along with career highs in 3-pointers and blocks last night -- in only 18 minutes.
What do you think is the number one thing you can do online to accelerate any business?
I'm at a loss for words. Actually, I'm at a loss for nice words.
hell yeah we been yellin that since day one
I've learned that the thoughts in my head do NOT represent me
We love it and will post it soon!!! Thank you for a job well done!
Oh! Don't forget your and you're!
Im gonna #occupy my bed and favorite pillow now...
New plan
Good luck to and the UC Women's Bearcats BBall today!
We want to remind you that we are going to be receiving the "Fears" photos until January 15. Looking forward to see your work!
Do you need to yell at them or make a deal? :)
What is your favorite Mac product?
Another beautiful day & a bright and promising future IF WE DEVELOP THE MINDS OF OUR YOUTH THROUGH GOOD BOOKS - Indigo Tree Publishing
I'm happy that this day was so productive for me! I'm about to leave the studio and just watch a movie to relax. More work tomorrow!!!
Thanks Just went downstairs and heard 8pm and got a flashlight. This is taking a little longer than expected :/
Anybody wanna meet for a little karaoke and some drinks tonight?
Me and my sister was just talking about and then we see him on SNL in celebration of 100 digital shorts!! Congrats :)
Free...i need a drink
really happy =]
"It's 10pm, do you know where your children are?" In my testicles with the rest of my sperm. Too much?
Find a Humble Me hat at Chili's on the South West corner of Charleston and Ft. Apache in the next 20 minutes and win those FREE movie tix!!!
thanks. Ur right he's not we cardinal. In a meeting I said his name was "budget". I couldn't think of his name to redeem myself :)
the skinny blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
And also want to do some longitudinal analysis of the #99percent tumblr site . . . see if word frequencies chance over time. That'd be fun!
Wow, that is completely awesome. Props to your building managers on that one!
Joe Scott will be on FM 102.3 ESPN Radio with and this afternoon at 3:45 p.m. MT
Touch funnel...its not naughty
Live or dead? Can or should?
Aw! He hugged me today!! :D #FutureBoyfriend :)
Who wants to go workout with me today ?!
Got up way too early !
#FF Not entirely sure what this means but I'm going with it.
likewise Marnie - may your palate always be drenched with great wine (whenever you care to drink wine of course)!
Maybe I'll try this out again. Wonder how long it'll last.
In anti-abuse training from the Catholic Church, a condition for volunteering at my daughter's school. God, grant me serenity.
Attaining power ironically includes accepting others' directions to create space for your shot at small change
Or my early losses the inevitable opening chapter to the story of my road to immense wealth?
Deal Of The Day Nailwear Nail Enamel SAVE Nailwear Nail Enamel Strong wear with real diamond dust
My paper still isn't done..
Something tells me parking would be a Bitch.
How did it get so late so soon?
If students are to take control of their education, what role do faculty play?
Hi Kevin. Thanks! I watched yours, too! Great work! Happy New Year!
RT The lie about the #occupation is a lie that Goebbels would have been proud of.
It's time for the #Bruins 1st line to make an impact in this series.
yeah it's all good. Hat was the custom installment I saw on instagram?
thank you babe <3 love u too
hey what happened in the movie #50/50 i passed out 10 min in after spending 6 bucks to see it on vios does he live at least or die?
"Like" the video on the youtube page (:
really nice! Pretty humid though. Are you in Texas?
so i just got my school programed in my laptop so i can do it wihile iam on tour now im homed schooled starting tommorow
oh haha she parked the car inside...coz the exams were over by like 1pm soo I met her there :)
Excited for the elementary Fcat pep rally :D
-bows- YOUR WELCOME! I LOVE THEM THOSE DA IS MEH BESTFRIENDDS!
amazing to think people don't buy cars based on an ad on Facebook
Jacob the jeweler?
It wasn't me!
My English teacher just said "she don't comb her hair ..."
A good quote is worth a thousand words.
who is hot chelle rae? dude on the right looks like younger
To not have been home in the last 5 months is a record for me... Suddenly I've fallen madly in love with Kansas city!
RT : Thanks to & for sponsoring !
I should be a females last worries about fucking with they nigga....
not you your beautiful(: just some of the others
Blah!! Not giving a fuck!!!
a Madden guy from my hometown!
RT : RT : Twitter is boring today. Shall i go #offline ?
Brooklyn, what are you up to tonight?
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can’t. What you’ve got to do is turn around and say, ‘watch me’.
That's a hot avatar picture, gurrrlieee!!!
not feeling well. Went back to bed.
hi hi
Life is a highway, and I wanna ride it;All night long.
Thanks for the birthday Email!(: loved it!(: thanks again
Fun stuff! Hope your holidays have been good ones!
music, music, music!
will you ever notice meh cuz boy I notice you(;
The new album from #everythingsfine comes out tonight check this album out its amazing!!!!!! =(
Ready for some football!!!!!!!!
Unless they find out I was born in Canada! But nobody in the States really pays attention to that stuff nowadays, do they?
www.williamsoncadillac.com www.agingbackwards.com www.monelgourmet.com were added to #TomorrowBook is your website logo on TomorrowBook?
Enjoy, my friend! :)
Outback flow
Dimmable LED lamps include R20,R30,R38 and MR16 styles in warm white and cool white ,and daylight kelvin temperatures
Also: possible ballot initiatives to be discussed at Tues #ChulaVista council mtg: infrastructure bond measure? A law to preserve parks?
Nice K Freddy!! Not get this hump Nick Johnson!!
Declaring it on Twitter: Before March 30, I will be marching down to the office and joining AFTRA! :)
#OneTime, YEARS 2!
shout out to Peanut Butter- Nation Peanut Butter Day
Got drunk and went home with.......OMG who the fuck is this? Better yet what the fuck is this?
Missed out again. Oh well. But the url to the sale was awesome.
Telling someone how awesome you are has no emotional capital for anyone but you.
#LetsDoThis stop lookn bck n go on wit my life cuz one monkey aint goin to stop no show
Are you saying that a money person might buy my prototype before it really proves itself?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Daniel Chew ⁰Rising 8th ⁰San Francisco, CA ⁰Travel Team: BullDawgs ⁰Shooting Guard 5’3
Well, laughing is a good thing!
All individual cabinets are 50% off the marked price at the Washington Co. ReStore all month. Come start or complete your project.
I can't even sleep without them
Enjoyed the trunk show this weekend
dawg would u leave me the fuk alone for I blow ur $hit out
Not being able to listen to on makes me realize how much I listen to stuff on
Technological determinism or the social construction of technology: device-centric or thinking-centric?
SHOT. I should have made Harry sign '.xx" on my 1DVD instead of just 'x'
The only thing about the injuries that would really be relevant is that the prosecutor didn't mention them in the affadavit
finally off! Made bacon,eggs,& french toast for breakfast. Couldn't be that tired or just glad to be home. Time to get some rest...
o sorry to hear that I thought it was 1 of our friends kids that's why I asked
Just got a google reminder that will be in town tomorrow! Very excited!!
i swear I be feelin with the 90s R&B. I stay chilln and singing along when im at the apartment lol
Every mahomie talk to is so sweet & friendly :) we are a crazy awesome family there to support our idol
I will message you on tv then. :)
OK - I am trying again to be a good Tweeter. So far I consider myself a failure at this.
#Shoutout to ! Thanks for the follow hun!!
Awww #OpeningDay #MLB it's the only day where every team is in 1st Place. Let's go
mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
are driving it all around the mall!! & the baby starts crying & austin goes oh shiiiiit. haha & we run to (c)
Sick of listening to so call sisters(black women...not all) say us black mean cant handle their being "independent". Bullshit I can't
Panthers is the first head-scratcher for me.
we got mrs oakes but nevermind...
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! ♥
asked if you followed SAA on Twitter and a response was "I didn't know SAA was tweeting" I pointed out that other than #saa77 1/2
when sends me 17 picture messages in a row >>
Sometimes I dnt wana be just "your friend" !
Went to neverland in
There's a lot of things I would miss to see my team play in the #Superbowl. But my childs birth? That's a little
great group of young, hip musicians!
It was thought that UK was already off Jefferson's list. One to keep an eye on. Still probably a Duke lean.
we rocked 93!
will host open indoor fistball at Morning Star School in Jackson tomorrow Sun Feb 12th from 1:30 - 3 PM. New players welcome!
Gas going up or down tonight?
Happy 11th birthday to - the Internet term paper writing service. via
dont you live with 3 other girls? im pretty sure you can find somthin else to laugh at
Had a great night!
Does Donna Summer have a hologram tour yet?
Ok, giving a new try to this thing... Let's tweet :)
Happy 420 :) a day to smile and let the troubles go.
Nice to see the Cubs start the season the right way!
The way is handling the #bigShow, reminds me of how handles the interns.
i'm with her lol. greens? bleh!!
Connecticut is a little far but still we'd love to have you back to visit San Diego.
"It's so difficult for me to be happy. For everyone else, it just comes so easily, like they were born with it."
HA...thanks!!!! I'll still land in second, most definitely. Which is nice.
Now thumb wrestling
im literally heartbroken, i just dont wanna be here anymore.
Winners are chosen on Mondays. However, today marks the end of our Clear2Go sweepstakes. We may continue to do more, so stay tuned!
what's going on man. Just touching base with you again. Seeing about getting in with y'all and creating.
As skeptical as I was before the gorge, I find myself wishing I was in Chicago right now. Welcome back #phish. You were missed.
Acting classes can teach you to take the sounds, feelings, the emotions of others and incorporate it into a moment by moment performance....
Happy for Octavia but can't help but think it's been 73 years since Hattie McDaniel won for GWTW and very little progress has been made.
Micah pointed 2 #Vikings cheerleaders & said, "Mom,that could be you!" Hug or smack him?
I miss you too!! #comeseeme (I'll be honest, I don't know how to use hashtags) I can't believe I won't see you in Paris... :( :(
Falalalalala will YOU be my Valentine?
Yoo I think my teacher is out success
oh okay. Make sure your cellphone charged and call me. Dont forget!
Anyone in AZ have a slackline or know someone who does? Let us know.
Good morning! Here's to a fabulous Sunday, Cheers :)
Three words about my day. Checks. Blood. Nutella.
Kristina's never heard of Twilight ? Holy fuck .
Thanks so much! Glad you are digging that tune :)
The highest engagement through Facebook is from photos.
Finna gets this phone back on as soon as iGets off work ! ^_^
so we are super stoked to finish our acoustic ep next month : ).
The Smithsonian's Reynolds Ctr (Amer Art/National Portrait Gallery) also has an Art-o-Mat in the Luce Center. It's fantastic.
you wish I was a slut
looks amazing!
My meter does not get moved by Phil Mickelson. Never has. Never will. To me, he's just a completely uninteresting, standard, nice guy.
Johnston Health names suitors
Congrats to , who's transferring back to Clear Channel/St. Louis as OM!
And the beat goes on....
So excited for some on #glee!
Loved that book.
Jason's deli is here now!
Happy National Date Nut Bread Day
Pujols is no longer going to be wearing a Cardinal's jersey.
hahahah what a crazy day!!!
SO the vikes game was crazy!?!?!?
I inferred solid. He didn't indicate whether it was fresh or aged.
we'll run another in a few weeks
I hope we actually trend it like this :)
Great point from Noah Stephens: Too often we don't ask what the alternative to gentrification is.
Damn! Busey was a drummer! and a good one! played ball at Coffeyville Community College. Does he know "Bugs Henderson"?
Why do people resort to name calling and foul mouthed cursing if you disagree?Feel like you must win at all cost? Why?
I am really into carmen right now.
I had just listened to "Down Boys" yesterday...how very very weird. My condolences to the family. RIP Jani Lane.
Let's play Titanic. I yell "Iceberg!"... then you go down on me. -- Men's Humor
Click clack bang bang we in the murder business! Whats Louis my killas?
All fish-oil brands are not created equal. Necessary purification process varies from brand to brand.
PS Whitney rules the school.
Going for a motorcycle ride
Mixing at the studio tomorrow!! Yay! Check out my music && pass it along! Thanks for your support! <3
Do like, all nerds have crushes on me? -
OP mall for now though
♥♥♥♥ Climax song from (Usher Raymond)
BELIEF comes from DOING!!
Dope Joint
That works too!
like i said im moving to england or australia with my kids
He brought me kimche from s. Korea! I'm married to an angel.
The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries.
oh yu fancy huh!
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language. "Lunch?" is another short one.
As I lay here and think about the day. It isn't the same without you. You'll be missed dear friend. Have fun in college.
RT : could not do what I do without the following people
tired and geekd
It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices? Beverly Adamo
Cheekie my love!! Twitter did not show me this mention till now and I hate them for it! So sweet, thank you!!!
And the tying run is at the plate. This will be fun.
Went to the doctor and had to wait 1 1/2 hours.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!
never texts me back
They did the halftime show for the GB/DET game
is pissed that no theaters in Madison are still showing Star Wars in 3D.
And I even messed up that tweet. I have all of the frowns. All of them.
Rocking out to in my room with a BIG bowl of Mac and cheese. #Homealone :P
I'm ganna start my own tattoo in a couple of years after I'm done apprenticing,were gnna pay people to let us tat them for advertising.
& Y'all need to #Chill ! #Chill Will TREND!
Ugh can't be bothered.
It took me a minute to see what that was... thought it was some scat shit (no pun intended ) lol... child birth really is gross.
I texted her but she doesn't reply , I think she still sleeping :s
hm, yeah I think I do :o
Im ready BRAHHH
SO FUNNY tonight on Conan. Glad we found you. :)
Good morning fans!!! Did you get any new tattoos over the weekend??!
it was mustard
I dont wanna brag, but I'll be, the best you've eva had!!! #JohnLegend voice
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture
I am going to have to consider the reality that one of the cats has hidden my iPod.
I see you, Jim Jackson.
#Mr Swoope Artists Of The Year Praying that the lord gives you more wisdom...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!! I miss your crazy ass SO much!  I better be seeing you this summer! Have a great day boo:*
Ask permission when prospecting. Not everyone is looking for your opportunity. When you are given permission then share your information.
and all the #mahomiefamily (; love you both and i pray for the best for yall!(: #boymahomie :)
Thanks for the follow.
Success! After dozens of crashes, finally got through the Apple Store process an ordered the new iPad. Be patient!
what kind of ladies?
I'm A GRANDer! I Have That Vinny Virus!<3 Please Follow Me It Would Mean The World!(: Please Please Please Vinny!<3
This shit funny
it's hard to watch.
JURIES ARE DONE! AH!
Time to sort the spreadsheets
and now everyone... I am a big deal
I have too many shows to keep up with: #britishskins, #thelword, #jerseyshore and #glee. Thank goodness for #netflix!
Youu guys are great.
Order sent to Sarina in CA!
Sharon Needles is the clear choice. So original
An Orlando radio station is reporting that Dwight Howard recently called the Magic owner and told him he wouldn't play for Van Gundy.
RT : Staying at the ? Stop by the concierge desk for a flyer on finding #running routes in #Boston!...
Thanks everyone who came to the party Movies at 4 35
You know how Jason Bourne keeps on moving, no matter what? You should too. Bullet to the leg? Keep going. Don't think, just go.
Maybe if you were older I would consider it but I'm not rushing or going for anyone.
This is my first time using Twitter on my computer. I've always used my iPod..very different.
Setting up the last few things before launching the site!
I'm a little nervous that my acupuncturist may be stressed out. This will either be the best session...or the worst. (crossing fingers)
Apple wrote e-mails to a number of music industry executives saying it would soon offer longer samples for songs. Artists are not happy!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW NOW!
Beautiful day hanging out by the pool. Don't forget to use sunscreen everybody!
Enjoying discussions with partners re disruptive Cloud adoption and alternative services delivery for Law, Legal & Compliance.
You're absolutely right..I was protecting what I WANTED to happen. Completely jumping the gun. Have a nice day.
Been exporting files since Friday afternoon, only on clip 16 of 33. CRAZY!!!
congrats to who just passed his goal of $115,000 on kickstarter. can't wait to hear about production process and see the film.
Blahh I woke up late:P this sucks.
My cap and gown are wildly flattering. -_-
Retrain Tip: Add one superfood to your diet while subtracting one fatty food out. Use the weekend to prep!
so excited for show at terminal 5 in may!!!!! welcome back to nyc!
Last night was awesome. Thanks. and Lisa's sons. And that guy in the bear costume. Rad.
Woo-hoo!! Thanks! I can't wait to check out the show. :-)
Thanks for the advice! Registering is overwhelming. Like, what are condiment dishes and pasta bowls?!
I am not closing these eyes tonight cos it will not even shut down. Lol
that's very disappointing to hear.
3/4 tracks done and liking what I have so far.
Desiree, *flash, flame, flare, and glare* looks right
Does anyone have the .gif of Spongebob licking Nicki Minaj's ass?
i will be #foreveralone along with lol
Get your sweetie a massage. Openings available for Valentines Day!! Gift certificates also available. ♥
Fuck you Ken you sending mad subs , in my eyes you a dub you don't get love but I love you doe bitch you contradicting ..
Haha yeah I hate that Too
Not sure I want to know!
I miss your gorgeous face!!):
thanks for a solid meal today!
Lmao hush! Where u play tho?
Finished PERDIDO STREET STATION. Loved it! On to the next in the series, THE SCAR.
From : "IU is hiring a GREAT basketball coach in Curt Miller. Along with Urban Meyer, he's the best coach I've been around."
Going out to grab some really good Mexican food and head over to the Girlfriend's Mom's house for whatever....
Yes! Far better production value; still, it's got the same vibe as both the Swedish version and the book/s, doncha think?
playing at Larimer Lounge tonight
just knocked out 3 miles, bout to shower and Skyrim. That's a win-win-win.
We're uncorking delicious bottles of Arbois from the Jura in France for half price to drink with our freshly shucked oysters!
tonight on !! interview with , Big Boi, and Slum Village with live in the mix!!!
but then she said things like we all have so much talent and we dont even know and we are all amazing and i just LOLed cause thats not me
I had my ultrasound because of the pain in my belly hope your ok
Philip Downer's talk was a call to arms to publishers to nurture the form of the book in the new environment. Powerful
She stay #UNDER me cuz she kno dat the only one over me is #GOD!
looks like I'm going to be super busy on 6/2
- Thank you very much for the mention!!!
I've told him that! But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
-- Thanks for the RTs! Have a great week.
ah fuckyessssss im so hyped :* a bottle each were gonna die haha
CF only reason we tolerate Cleveland. Very lovely place.
@ Lehigh kicking some asses!
Nice sunny morning in Seattle. Let us see how the rest of the day going to be :)
here i go,ready to study in the middle of night xd
I can't gain weight for shit 5 yrs ago I would've never thought I'd have this problem
It felt like i gave him a high five with my lips.
We're in Staten Island planting trees & greening the neighborhood on #ReforestationDay w/
When uses my suggestion to open his Small Sample Size song, how does that affect my score?
a coach purse!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: ESPN Zone - Sports Bar (live updates)
Helluva job by Strop to get out of that giving up just 1 run
may need to.
Cities in Massachusetts, State of Massachusetts Cities ...
On my way to meet President Obama!
": Learn about the orchid with Amanda Bettin of at 1 p.m. today on the Garden Stage #HG2012"
ha, cool. Did you watch the iCarly? omFG
during my (re)orientation yesterday, it looked pretty good.
thanks for the follow! Do you have retail outlets or strictly wholesale for your pure Ceylon tea?
Hello Ingrid, Thanks for the follow on Twitter
BarIchi has the worst service ever! I hope you got free drinks out of it!
Watching Nurse Jackie just puts a smile on my face
Im sorry for my bro's loss . Smh ..
catching a flight back to DC in a few hours....sad to leave Boston but can't wait to see my boys!
Train, learn and grow EVERY day!!! Tests should come hard and often, if not, ur doing it wrong.
Happy Thanksgiving to ALL!!!! Please take time to acknowledge the people in your life & all that you have. Then say ~~~thanks~~~
Leggo Pretty Rickie, have some fun out there today with DJ “: #GOTIME”
i'll come
remember and love.
Oopsies you had a poopsies! Ha ha
Must really head to bed now.
"The first time I loved out loud was when I said your name. It came from my lungs and it rolled off my tongue..." Fave lyric
Some reasons that fun can improve quality of work -Fun improves communication & breaks up conflict & tension via
All the work will be worth it though! Looking at a 2013 graduation for my B.S. #library school
Happy Monday everyone!
My cracker jacks do NOT have peanuts. I'm ticked. At least they still have a garbagey nostalgic prize :-)
This is the big question isnt it? How do we fix it if we dont have resources to get ppl invested in knowledges to effect change? 1/2
I am almost positive that I havent seen a single film that has anything to do with Oscars this year. Am I lame or are the films lame?
So happy for going pro!! She came a long ways , very proud of her! Good job and good luck with your career! God bless!
Who is he e.e? Full name Please?
I was always a third wheel with you and your boyfriend but I never complained. Your 21 years old. Grow up and stop acting like your 12.
Hey What tool does Tyler use for billing?
Make sure you get one with enough space for weekend couch surfers like me!
guys did somthing happen to Roc because its going all over facebook that hes in the hospital. tell me its not true
Ok :) I need to go to the mall.
Attn. California Genealogical Society members: group photo today :45 p.m. at registration
Whoa look who's using her twitter! LOL. Gone was great and you know it!
Happy Tax Day Philly
hey Madison(: so you should hit my follow button cause YOLO.
congrats! the day we mailed mine, my dad took a picture of me holding it and wearing a Miami hoodie :)
omg! When I worked at Bdubs I was only working till like 12, 1am sometimes but THAT is insane. Why are you working so much??
Traffic is for the birds...sheesh!
It;s between Jessica and Phillip. The finale is next week
RT : Today's Lunch special: Linguine in a Parmesan Pesto Cream Sauce w/Grilled Chicken, Artichokes & Cherry Tomatoes ($15)
you the same!
I'm offering a special deal for those fans of the Three Imaginary Girls blog - check out their facebook page to find out more!
#ThingsIHate Over opinionated people who wonder why they're single and lonely.
: on the section symbol macro - did you get the link that sent you?
I am litterlly crying laughing watching this ridiculousness.. 😂
take on Boston again at 7pm. Catch the action 5$ selected domestic pints 4-7pm!!
Cutting social programs to fund defense is saying we need more protection for the people in need so no one kills them other then us
high draft players in small markets on tms have a window of about 4 yrs to build a championship team or those dudes will bounce period
ES CEO Bob Lenz: " is proud to be on the Gloria R Davis campus living up to her legacy: to educate all kids at high levels"
Here is the latest Massachusetts news from The Associated Press - NECN
Why do I always have the urge to watch The Graduate? #favoritemovie Someone please buy me the DVD
relations.creation.incarceration.determination.equation.humiliation.reincarnation.situation.
Any magicians from the Magic Live! convention heading to Wonderground tonight that may want to share a cab?
No problem. Your tweet prompted us to add a question to our Q&A, so thanks for bringing the issue up.
Day 3 of the Cleveland Hard Hat FAM and we're still going strong! Next up, breakfast at the InterContinental.
my fishies name is sonic :)
Your practice of underhandedly sending more lessons after purchase is devious and I will never buy your product again.
I keep it real.. nothing like you actors do..
& shouldn't parents b included in the pd process-so every1 understands what exactly is being assessed?
Why do little kids feel the need to look through the cracks in the doors when I'm going pee?
did you make reservations at commons?
Epic summer weekend- rollerskating, go karts, waterballoons, bbqs, microbrews, marshmellow roasting, soccer, and it's April.
Wow I think J Lo wins best performance of the night! That was amazing! So much energy!
Danny tells us how yesterday went at home.... Hm....
I think Sam is really into this show he is watching.
This coming weekend we will be adding an Electrical section on our website. We have PVC conduit pieces, resistors/capacitor and much more.
Idiot who yelled that out
I love the fact that sent me an email letting me know that our presence was missed.
I can't even sleep , so much on my mind !
Batman or Superman or Spiderman?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 24
If only every week was a short one!
Cool. What's up at the Brat House tonight?
go to ground floor, exit, take elevator back up.
Joy Behar's Drag Queen Revue
I hope you stop by!
#NYR Congrats to #Rangers DOMINATING third period !!! Definitely the better team.
:'') anything for you sis!! <333 and THANK YOU!! :') love you infinity and beyond beyond!! :)
Jazz concerts awesome....to bad I got homework left to do
hahaha chicago's not porn world! I'd have to go to Cali for that :p
“All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you ever are in need of company for either places let me know! I am always up for or
#OLTL should have been the one renewed.
giddyup? would love to hear your thoughts!
#Syracuse is amazingly fast on the break.
Warning: when I tweet it's usually hot and heavy but always awesome!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Call me, Email me or Please see my website: w…
time to go to math :-/ be back on later tonight
I really started writing music to challenge myself, to see what I could write. -Amy Winehouse
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
We waiting on you in the A bruh. You have a lot of fans down here!
if a man dont respect his mom most likely he he aint goin respect his woman .
Happy birthday!! partybus!! tuesday!
Been a great day! I feel like I got a good amount accomplished. Yard work, laundry, chess, biking, etc... Off to bed.
wuz good bun..do u have a email or info to where I can send my demo too..?
We'll be passing out demos at the RED and TFK show tonight! If you see us come say hi! We love talking to new people, and old friends too!
I like them too.
The authors at the #sljsummit are so nice! Making conversation, personalizing books. :)
-LOLOL! I have a special ruler just for that purpose!
okay, let's do something.
"Do or do not, there is no try"
Nice update ! Go get em !
downpour in the capitol city...and the lightening is fierce!
oh man, another day another place, I need a vacation...
Material Dreams.
lol. Google's a perv ... Just like teachers at my school xD
The wrong vocal mic can fuck up a disc like nothing else! Experiment, not everyone is great with microphones so ask A LOT of people!
RT : definitely EL DIABLO DENVER on s.1st at Broadway! Amazing Nachos Con Chorizo!
Been relaxing all day today. Feels fab!
: why not ask about plans to provide more mass transit instead of dumping money into endless road projects?
shaky what's good my dude dm me that number
If you drink don't drive. Don't even putt.
Let go of the bunny
Ha! Obviously not "blocked" enough b/c you are spot on. Lol.
#thatawkwardmoment when you're packing up your stuff and you mom sees a pregnancy test... Oops
I'm at Making Broadway Musicals: Artists and Scholars in Conversation at Princeton.
nahh too fattening
Sounds like my lil sister..
The work of Thomas #Kinkade, the processed food of painting.
I love #Rihanna We fell n Hopeless Place
My dream would be twitting me something cute:3
If you're free my dude.
You're welcome, oh wise one!
Amazing start to my day(:
Next week may be Black Friday, but it's also #smallbusinesssaturday! Support us and other locals-:) We heart you all!
Killer swim photo series. I used to swim competitively; you captured the mood well.
#daytona500 is reminding me of all the fun times that will be had at the All-Star race this year.
You should not be taken pics while you are driving that is dangerous!
What is this for, when is it needed and what do you want to do???
Phones allowed in lunch now..... Oh Heck Yeah!!!!
One day out of nowhere she said "I'm glad u r my mom. When I was a boy my mom died young, and my mean grandma raised me."
Breaking news: Anheuser-Busch President Dave Peacock is resigning, replaced by Luiz Edmond, the brewer's North America zone president.
RT - Miami Dolphins R the Old Lions!
Cupcake invasion ! Oh
You're welcome!
U Rocked the Fox Oakland ...were u penalized for going long???
from the looks of your think you might have that headset a little too tight. cutting off oxygen to ur brain.
You should of told me!! I was done a little bit after you. Your mom was worried. Haha.
15 hours left with DEVONthink. Baby, I just can't let you go.
Sent the audio in for the next video. Working on audio for the third!
ancient Egyptian art is one of my favorites. they did all that with their hands and it's absolutely beautiful
I'm nowhere near as awesome right now, as I would be if I had a ninja sword.
Hopefully not the last time RT : Unsuspected drinks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight. Success
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
Too many shows and a wedding today. TOUCHÉ AMORE IS TOMORROW. Well them and Crowbar across the street.
The more I hear, the more convinced I am that Andrew Young was the problem. Cheating on your wife is bad, but what Young did is slimy.
Blitz team is more excited than ever to watch the #NFLDraft this year...
You going to be there at Teen Hoot? Great I will get to meet another great wonderful performer. I love your music! <3<3<3
Happy 1/11/11 everyone. Make a wish at 11:11 a.m. and 1:11 p.m. (You still have an hour to think about your first wish.)
Thanks to all who helped put together the #awesome new website!!! www.ascentium.com
4. every single one of my followers!
#RIPDirectionerPaula <3 You Will A L W A Y S ! be Part Of This Family ' As A Proud Directioner :')
hi there. I just wanna let you know that you're the luckiest girl in the world. Treat him right please (: best of luck!
- showed my son this pic. He says "does that guy in the blue shirt make bad choices?" Bwahahahaha!
Sandow Media acquires Fred Segal brand New York — Sandow Media, parent company of Furniture/Today, has acquired the worldwide rights...
RT - I'll be in Kingsland, GA near Jacksonville, FL with the Jaguars cheerleaders on Saturday! Check out vickipalooza.com...
Old people are funny
Things I learned, the people that party at the ica also take fashion tips from watching bravo reality shows.
But the word bama for us southerners is "fuck nigga" "fuckbowy" "blockhead" slutmouth, etc. We don't sugar coat shit.
At Clifford's in Hales Corner with and some Stritchers.
;) good to see you on Twitter. Have a great weekend.
Am watching last night's #OnceUponATime. As always it's one of the best shows on tv.
Not sure if this has been answered, but yes we are -- and I believe we're getting our review copy tomorrow. Week or less? ~JDE
We thank you! :) RT AT&T helped me get through college through an AT&T Academic Award! Thank you for helping so many others!
Check out my music www.myspace.com/tneptunemusic
Alshon Jeffery has better hands than all of our wr combined last yr, & oh yeah, we got Marshall too :)
Hey UConn defense is permissible.
My fitness center is PeCKs. (Everything in CKville has CK in the name.)
I'm learning thins here . . . Soap on a mosquito bite
We agree!!! RT : #Foodiechat Will Do!! Da Bears and food, what more can a woman ask for?? Lol!
how u know echo
get some Boobie.
Pre Ordered my book (on cd) like a month ago!! Email from amazon came today said 11/3! So excited!!
just another day
LAST DAY OF CLASS.
Great seeing you at the #StillStandingATL premier as well! I'll catch up with you next week.
“: racist” hey, I have black friends, right
Thank you to our business partners who raise $62,000 at the Northside Education Foundation golf tournament yesterday!
Spent the afternoon at , thanks Taylor! What great insights into student learning. :)
199 Twitter followers. 200th person will get a big shout out from me!
You know your obese when you look down and your mouth opens up and your tongue hangs out...
Sometimes we do too much. Have a seat.
Good morning loves :)
Our band is performing at tonight from 7-11pm! See you there!
#bestsexplace home a nigga respect you he won't take u anywhere he would take his hoes
settings for Vignette app needs to save original so you can see full photo to edit later in another app.
Smile for no reason? There has to be a reason. It's a secret though :x
Make your dreams a reality, its nice to dream but nothings better than actually seeing those dreams become real
yes please! Yummy, sucha cute. <3
having a beer at college station pub. nice arvo outside. cheers
Why does Brian Berrebbi keep following me around The Sundance Film Festival #Price Check
dang phone that was supposed to be a thank you
I'm so tired but my mom wants me to vacuum #ihatechores but I still have to do them.
My mom just got a Twitter account.She's so hip and cool
you're perfect
makes me think microsoft is a steal for its price and the potential of html5 and irrelevance of hardware and displays.
lol, yes. Why you ask? Lol!
What do you fix your kids for breakfast?
Your twitter is so dirty you need tune up lol
I failed my restricted test by one question -__-
i like tumblr
Thomas place on University is what you've been looking for! Call 612-703-RENT for more information about leasing!
My erratic ass parking lol
An affirmation however ardent, unless followed by massive action is but a wish.
It looks so good! I've been working on ours and it looks no where near as good as yours!
RT : Motivation comes & goes, like waves. You can use each Motivation Wave to make good behavior more likely in future
bad...bad
You're not kiddin......that is SWEET! =D
because I'm a first year architect student
Working at home is a lot like doing homework, turns out. Just more fun because I know it'll get put to use!
Please, please, please start wearing one sequenced glove and sunglasses out to the ring with that jacket.
soon I also want to get you @ my new Thursday night club!! @ Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim my grand opening is March 1st
Im so nice of a person, I hate when ppl try play me like I'm a joke
bdubs is awesome!
I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong, but bday are suppose to be remember!?!
: Mrs. Smith, took a look at "The Vow" and my girlfriend Racheal MsAdams was awesome as usual. But it wasn't a tear jerker.
glad I locked my clients in yesterday AM!!!
One latte and a cup of coffee later, I STILL can't wake up! Damn you #DaylightSaving Time...damn you.
Yes, I still have you down! Anytime. And time to become a Pack Fan? Hee hee. J/k
miss u too!
i feel bad for babies who's moms give up bfing at less than 6 months so they can drink alcohol?? Come on moms!
Dogs who are hyper and insecure around people and other dogs, were mostly not socialized enough when they were young
As the world turns.. But I wish it would stop and let me off right now..
It's a sketch comedy show in the works right now. My friend and I are trying to create. It's gonna be a YouTube series
Can I Get A Follow Back?
Everyone go to on Ridgeway between 4 and 9 today and support !
Will do!
Bring truffles as a gift this summer, it's a great guilt-free gift that no host or hostess will turn down.
is now registered with the
Congratulations! Well deserved :)
That pole got my head 🌀
hallå! /waves :) Hope all is well and warm in Linköping!
Getting ready to read Leonardo the Terrible Monster via Skype to 1st graders!
I can't wait to find out what happened to the Kahlessi's dragons on next weeks
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth. ~ Chinese Proverb
When your think your hungry and you start cooking food, then when its ready you decide your not as hungry as you thought.. <
haha oh I know!!!
Trivia Question#6 Who was the first and highest ranking African appointed to an official position after slavery?
Looking for lots of iPad 2's or the new iPad? We can hook you up! We just quoted out 225 of them to a #Baltimore client!
Sometimes, I hope that's exactly what they'll do.
hey!! so u and Tybear r fighting?? TEXT MEH and tell meh whats wrong:)
thanks for tweeting Livehoods!
Mmk then just ignore me.
An old friend of mine had sex with actress Maggie Grace, and now her career is still flying high
Watching Meet the Press, Chris Matthews, & Fox News Sunday. Shame on those who don't believe in equality and leverage race for Politics.
*JUST ANNOUNCED* July 27th - GWEN STACY w/ Lower Definition, Mozart Season, & A City Serene @ Bad Fish Bar
I'm hungry.... And can't wait til the 8th grade dance
Nude is worse! RT : Nothing worse than a ugly chick who keeps posting pictures of herself on Insagram
Craving triple chocolate cake for absolutely no reason at all!! Cant tho, im on a diet!
lol... you want to hear a snippet? DM me your info...
RT : learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
October is color or stache month
heyy!(: I got new phone we need to text again!(:
You made milkshakes? RT Seems to be a party in my front yard..........
Jayson Nix? RT : I can't tell who is up, all the boos. Wonder who on the #Yankees that would be?
I will and so will everybody else because people love you I love you
Good Morning! Tonight T Gozney Thornton performs at Sealy Flats, 630pm! It's not too late to join us! Tomorrow is T's Birthday!!! :)
Learning how to make gang signs at work. Time well spent.
Oh Healz YEAH!
Love you Susan!!!
i do that so much!!
File Manager Free
I picked you to win last night!!!!
Call me a geek, but I love the
My thought processes are changing for the best...
“It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.” - Jack Handey
barbs tweet us and tell you friends to follow we will hook u and your OOC brother up LOL
Bonus! Get the new Small Business Case Studies eBook (right) when you register for the webinar
Only 4 days left to pre order your boat tour for this season at www.PortlandBoatTours.com!
Anchor Heather Myers falls HARD!!!! Safe and sound, but still can't stop laughing!
I'm still cleaning myself off after my nerdgasms during The Avengers.
Thanks for the follows! Have a great weekend!
RT : Sample tweet to get you started: Healthy mothers have healthier children.
We were in agreement that there's easily another collection just from the proposals that we didn't have room to accept.
uh no
Lovely blog post. Love the "firsts" theme.
i'm on it! eek, stab stabb
DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE!!!!!!:D
Stretch your ad dollars with us! We are affordable! Get more impressions and higher-impact #advertising at a lower cost for your dollars!
5 times in last 3 hours.
FiOS is awesome! How long are you staying on the west coast?
keep me posted . My birthday this month on the 26 dang but please pretty please keep me posted love to see n hear u . Mwah
is gonna be LIVE on www.sa-urban.com at 6:30pm CST. Pop a few drinks and check out the show!!!
This whole series shouldn't have ever been made hahaha.
Do you have any Kleaning needs?
After a while they all seem the same
My new updated website is up and running. If you wish to see some exciting new works! Please have a look @ www.michaelinem.com
Carson and McMahon. Broadcast pioneers. They invented the late night format.I also cried with the Bette Midler song.
just checking... I know you will hop in a flight in a second... LOL
Just bought a feedback buster and some heavier gauge strings for my Martin D28. Not used to the bottom end!
About to play PKR $1k Freeroll while doing my Sociology paper...multi-tasking at its finest...which one is more important? Hm...yep, poker
That was good
We still have private and semi-private rooms available to rent for Super Bowl Sunday. Contact Jen 480-368-0369.
Yes, it escaped my notice, too, Actually came out back in December! I'm about halfway through it, really enjoying it so far.
At what point is the romance novel industry going to tell Fabio that it's just getting
Beastie Boys SO!!!! Sorry for you guys!! Love Ya!!
Still waiting.... The end is in sight, though! Big crowd?
Listened to ur podcast about Cincy fans hating UK. I totally agree, if we compare ourselves to Yankees we must accept the hatred.
We know ur rich Mitt! Show us the taxes! It shouldn't b a big deal
what your like two years older then me? :p so shut up! :D
Swoons!!! The BB Creams that grant you a shortcut to flawless, beautiful skin are finally here.
I know! So sad. RT i miss universal mall! that area has changed so much.
my doctors got canceled for tomorrow
Bet you didn't get the Norfolk State game right! What did that do to everyone's bracket! Greatest upset since Hampton. Go MEAC
Running errands in preparation for 's arrival!
Great point. I'm not saying KG necessarily should've gotten MVP, but the fact he didn't get a single vote is what irks me.
Don't forget who's taking you home and in whose arms you're gonna be. So, darling, save the last dance for me.
the f*ing Jemme. I think I ordered 8. Jemme kin me drunk!
When Lightning strikes, Jets are grounded. GO CHARGERS!
text me
Hope your day gets better!
thank you... plz pray for my silly kitty Page...
Im ready to party!
I love it!
I'm trying to prove a woman was named after a baby who died 8 months before she was born in the 1880s.
hahahaha u guys are funny :) am sorry yall I was just trying your Patience. For real am sorry man it won't happen. Again
I've got a ton to do today, film YT vids, clean, organize, grocery shopping, then cooking dinner tonight fir company....
You break into my car and take my owners manual and first aid kit but not my hundreds of CDs? Smart criminal...
You'd think I learned my lesson by now...
I know the feeling! "And the workaholic crawls into bed at 4am.. smh! I couldn't help it..had to finish a new song"
R-Truth to become a face when he gets back because Vince McMahon sees potential in Little Jimmy merchandise. I think this is bad
unfortunately, Kurt was also a cuddler to Scott as well. Poor dog, although I think he liked it.
Bout to get this party started at Palmer House in downtown Chi!
My iPod is teaching me patience by being so dreadfully slow to do anything.
So what if the #Steelers 2nd round pick is a cheef monkey, if he can block and dominate the line, I'm happy.
me ass....... u have 530 + followers
I think Y2J, then he defends the strap again Punk at Mania . . .
I know I could have been doing some work lol
any news on Axl performing or even showing up at the hall of fame induction?
Today is the last Friday of my high school career.
be nice!!!!! Hahaha
Everyone thinks am South African......read history
Coffee, show me a good time!
Another beautiful day in philly for #pla12! Excited for booth opening tonight. Stop by booth 945 for lots of galleys!
Best freebie of the day... t-shirt from the
RT if should do a cover of Not Over You (:
Looks like they found a way to genarate Commisions out of air , or swapping spit.
Are you speaking of tree ribbons?
Love listening to at #sdsms he's got a lot of good stuff to say and has the right mix of humor!
Another #drupal rant - I also now have over 120K spam comments in a forum despite having had Mollum up and running fine six months ago. WTF?
#Str8LykeDes.... Learning, retrieving more knowledge & wisdom as I get older...
i wish i could !!!
lol I'll check it out
We prefer wheat as well
Law don't go around here law dog.
Finally all moved in with and !
Watching Smallville =D
So was at the light and heard shots fired ive never ducked so quickly! I was looking around dude in car nxt to me doing the same
Pullup Game is Disgusting!
BRGO IS GONNA RUN HARD FOR THR NEXT FEW WEEKS! Q3 FINS ARE EXPECTED TO PRINT WITHIN THR NEXT TWO WEEKS! BRGO 10
Blah blah make money be happy :)
#miamiheat beat the Bulls! Woo Hoo! Lebron - we love you!
Fujifilm diversifies to include everything from cameras to skincare
I have got to b seeing things. I just mentioned good humor icecream and now I see the truck parked across from the park I'm in:-)
aww shucks! Thanks loo
Fuck! I think my face burned a little -_-
Our first 4G LTE phone is now in, come check out the Aviator
Well first facebook, then twitter, now instagram!!! I may have an addiction problem.... Anyone else?
#10confessions 1. I love justin bieber
Mini LA coffee tour, always love , great capp from , and a 1906 from
I said: "What you mean by body count" He went on to say: "The amount of bodies she slept with" -____- smh
Thats why oam not gonna follow you Trick ass yes I said TRICK trill thug out!
SO to my daughters & Kat16 on playing for the Wis State Championship for the U16 girls. Girls kick some butt
How did Rost injure his quad sitting on the plane back from London? Is that for real? Unbelievable!
Keep the weather away Mike, I know you can make some calls.
Groupon ; evening daily deal begins today. Will only sale 10 per day
I'm smoking on that gas
: "Please take me to Macy's, I have no clothes for tonight. If no one takes me, I'm not going out!!!" <--- uhh what????
Liking the direct outreach from today
much better thanks, and you?
My dad talks a lot about horse racing. I can't really hear him with all the wooshing going on. But I can feel the vibrations of his voice.
New post: France's Beaujolais region, 2009 is a standout vintage, arguably one of the best in the last 50 years
Listening to the radio about to got to bed goodnight twitter fam
How do we reach you?
my friend turned into a mahomie (: she listened to 11:11 and thought you were really good.
Hey lola!
Amen RT : Katrina death toll between 1,800 and 4,000; Tennessee floods have claimed 13 lives. Analogy may not work.
I friggin' hate editing my shit tight enough to fit on Twit. grrrrrr. (sigh) Must spread my sunshine, not my shit. That's what blogs r 4!
Thank you! RT : Congrats, on 125 years. Proud parent of an '09 Alum.
Just launching social sites. Fun!
I've somehow acquired a bar seat
Why did I agree to do this???
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out...
Beyond excited for you 2!!! RT : and I thought Valentines Day was the perfect day to introduce BABY GRAY!!
Dec 23 rush hour, the line at is all the way down to the end of the store. Last minute shopping at its best!
More and more encouraged each day. Getting closer to a reveal for #version7 looking forward tongetting back to
Hey! I haven't been in a long time...I mix it up with exercise a lot, maybe this summer I'll go back!
Hahahaha that I did
My coworker asked me to meet her at a bar near our work, turns out its a strip club.
You in #Vegas yet?
I love spending my spare time at the library
:( bummer! “: #Brewers lose. Final score: 8-10.”
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals. Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
She so kool she give head with her shads on.
is having a meeting tomorrow so I will not be attending! We send our best wishes! Congratulations to Bob!
As a community of startups, startup supporters, and the like. What are your thoughts on the Instagram Backlash after acquisition?...
really so u was right by me and didn't tell me!!!!!
my company is looking to hire an experienced graphic designer (print and web). let me know if interested in more info
Grow up!!!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in your midst? 1 Corinthians 3:16
He came back in the TL lol RT : Right.! RT : Ctfu he knew what it was
It's a lonely day
RT Illiteracy is the rootcause of every problem! So what's the #rootcause of Illiteracy?
I attempt it sometimes, but never in public.
dude? Text back
My brother, hah. Um, he's a sea man whose deeply lost and at sea, I fear. He's lovely, though. But he's not Ed.
My current fave green drink: Wheatgrass juice, lemon juice (no lemon bits), apple juice.
The cure for a #shittyday and #pms, a good cry on a long drive and
White widow under the Verizon tower
O wasn't that a pretty one !!
jersey shore is my guilty pleasure! I need your ringtone "oh yeah" can't stop saying it like you
I laughed when I heard it too! #MaytheFourth be with you!
Wow! Amazing drive! Are you kidding me?
Yes, it is systemic. Let's change the system!
New music coming soon...
": Fool Our Prom Is May 5th" I had forgot. I wasn't gonna go but i just might
LOL! thx for sharing RT : “: Marriage is the only war where you get to sleep with the enemy.”
will you please follow us? we are a new fan group for you! :)
YO GIRL, turn your skrillex down. it's not even 8 AM.
#AMERICANIDOLSPOILER #SPOILERALERT WTF teenage girls! Did you not vote for #idol this week? COST ME SO MUCH $$!
Following back: HELLO!!! ;p
sure you are lol
Just a Little Hoarse or My Little Pwney.
A. Chapman reaches 103mph on radar gun at game!
Hoppy Holidays! As a thank you to everyone we offering free downloads of all our songs on RN please have a song and enjoy, ho ho ho.
Really not sure if I want the Heat to win the championship because I am a fan or to shut up Charles Barkley once and for all....
"We have so much discount blood." (#dareproject chatter)
thanks, you are so helpful! I'm still at work, debating when to drive home.
he is a real cool person to meet I met him twice
The down side to working with all ladies! I can't talk #SportingKC w/ them...
#Mathai better kick some butt! Her version of "Rumor Has It" is the better then Adeles
It's wear your sunnys at Sonny's night. DJ will be pumping up the jams
Another great yr for us in the books! Final numbers: 118 broadcasts, 16 away games, and record listenership! Thank you. See you in the fall!
This weekend is really sucking!! I miss him to much!!<3/:
There are far bigger fish to fry within the realm of liberal ideology than Bob Beckel
Once again, I have managed to wear a light-colored shirt on a day when I'm going to be hauling dusty print volumes around.
heres a ??. if Pats lose. how big is their window for another title?
Better the long way than the wrong way. Trying to be patient but I hate to wait.
no it was this random thing we walked into at abilene, turned out hilarious, can't find the video though
Sure thing, man.
Somebody asked me why I go to school. I asked them the same question. They said they don't. I was like than why the hell am I going.
Hi Shawna! If your still job hunting, u can go to minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE! Also have a job board! Julie
Who wants a playoff when you have all this. #BCSFakeChampionship Oregon/Wis was a way better game than this. Bring on the playoffs.
We're looking to hire an Interactive #projectmanager, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
Enjoy the rest of your weekend..Come by tomorrow & receive a pack of THC capsules w/any $25 donation! Our strain of the day is White Walker!
application... I mean if that fails then ill still be able to room with my friend but I think it'd be awesome to room with 2 others
Switching between the GOP debate and the Betty White bday special
taking a day off today... Oh my, I have so much work to do today!
Yeah thats so very true.... <Zee>
Finally - Geez this day has been AWFUL when it comes to computers...hopefully things will go well during coverage of
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two different things.
sub in 1st period 😒
I could never be 100 dependent on a female if I eat or not. I gets my own money, won't turn down no extra. If stress comes with it keep it!
These fucking kanker sores are gonna fuckin kill me
#Weber et al., In Fire Forged: Worlds of Honor #5. Military SF space opera shorts set in the Honor Harrington Universe. A guilty pleasure.
are those lyrics?
Watched east coast 30 Rock live feed (loved it). Now watching west coast feed.
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
how many days till okoboji I lost count?
#oomf Too Gorgeous
RT Not a fan Don't waste your money RT : is deer antler a performance enhancing substance
unless they think you want them. which is never the case.
Lazy day.
Smooches!! And to you too ladies!
OH at : Do you know what this sundae tastes like? What? Another.
Nice job at the anchor desk this AM. I'm sure there'll be many more to come.
On vacation in the NW w/ a friend from home. Tough decisions this week: which books to read, which wineries to visit, which coffee to drink.
ill link you in a few minutes
Good luck #Tunisia!
will do. Sad thing. I know where all my money is gonna go now.
I learned it from life, didn't learn it from you. Just because I don't show it doesn't mean that I'm through.
Toddler: why do people cry? Me: Sometimes because there's a difference bet what people want & what the reality is. Toddler: whats reality?
Hey tweeties! I can't wait to eat :)
#mscdeng3510 no class meeting on Wednesday. Check Blackboard this afternoon for instructions.
It was so good to see my show choir family yesterday...You all did so good...love you all!
/// YEZZIRR! RT : chopped it up w/ today. #thelasthope is in the fullest effect. stay tuned..
girl nothing at all about to grab some food with my fam. Ain't Memphis in May this weekend??
- I've heard - congratulations!
idk if this is ever gonna start..
Laying down.
Im just going to go home and sleep.
no interruption - hoodie allen it's my jam
After '99 UCL final, I would not have expected ManU to LOSE a title on 2 stoppage time goals, to say the least!
#contacts ;) ": #TheStruggle RT : lookin at the tv w/ my glasses off doing Cardio knowin damn well all i see is a blur"
Thanks, we agree! :-) RT : TWIN ANCHORS ON SEDGEWICK!!! AMAZING FOOD
Girlfriend, I'm a proud Texan. Wink.
of is on stage at #CitizenBiotech "Democratization of #biotech is important"
Hey hey! Nice job on the story Becca! PS - moving closer to you, hang out soon?
Watching and I love she is an awesome actress and so funny!
Good catch, though.
Forever Product of the Day: MPD, concentrated, liquid detergent. It cleans everything!
Conference sessions at #ASW12 so far are GREAT!
Getting settled in for talk about Facebook timeline.
My fried chicken sandwich was two (drastically different in size) chicken strips on a bun.
Don't hate God for not giving you what you want , Thank Him for giving you what you need .
I feel all washed up.
Sent my last text so uhmm night night peoples 
sounds good. Let you know when i get back south this week.
6/7/12 marks the Time to #TEDxAdMo. The Topic: "Forces of Change". The Reason: You and Me. RT to spread the word!
Boy, he should be a politian. Talk about the SUPERBOWL not the other stuff til next week!
you're welcome! I love getting involved w projects like this too and look forward to seeing your finished film!
Starting tomorrow will have Brew Dr. Kombucha on sale for 2/$6! Sale continues til the end of November.
you both should just both move to DC.
AWFUL. At the one hour mark.
It's all good. I've been slacking off on it myself.
For training I mean. Looking for a trainer.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. When life gives you Horny Goat Beer, make memories.
For the record today, no reports to the 311 line in Pittsburgh about unplowed or impassable streets.
Off to the Fox theatre to talk with the director of "How To Live Forever". Looks like a very funny doc.
Not planning the next trip quite yet (: Planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff, ha
Tracy Morgan is a funny as Steve Harvey
Another SXSW concluded....happy to go home in the morning
You are right! I told if I can help you guys next year, just let me know. This is a powerful event you all have created!
Good Mornin Ladies & Gentlemen,
yup, played on "before & after science", "another green world" and "taking tiger mountain"
little tired, but i'm fine :)) what's new???
The good news this morning: No line at in the Merchandise Mart, Its a ghost town in there..Snow Schmoe
i love you Livi :)
Success is based on perception and nothing to do w/peers. God created u successful u just gotta perceive it!!!!
if you haven't yet, go check out the horse lamp in the lobby.
Need A New Vision for Your Company, Need Some Graphics for Your Next Promotion.. Has all your answers. DM ME
“: Im just in a shitty mood right now..I havent gotten any I was suppose to do today done.” -- sheesh ☔☔
I'm working so no Mifflin for me...
Finished the Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff...great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Fuck it im playing women now a nigga do right shit never work*
Correct. Sorted by distance from the coordinate in your request.
Hey guys I have started my own funny pictures blog. Check it out www.ModernJunto.com !!!!!
oh yes! just had the best donuts in my life. :D
Smoke until it's all gone...
Maybe I'll go golfing tomorrow.
I have an official golf lesson on Thursday afternoon. Of course, my only question to her was "What do I wear?"
yes ma'am I tried to work both but I couldn't but I'm getting paid more
Making fashion photo animations
sorry should ask what aspects u r interested in
Psshh... Karen is such an idiotic
how's your fingering?
Good Morning :-)
did you look it up or anything? You should. Decide that shit for yourself.
there was sauce inside the breading.Not sure what it was but it was tasty. Jamon Manchego sandwiches with truffles were crazy good.
The "X" by my name in the picture was purely to show emphasis. I did vote for a full slate of 6 candidates, myself included of course. :-)
Which Eagles draft pick/free agent do you want as our next Twitterview subject? Had Cox/Kendricks before draft so they're out.
Lakers or Nuggets?
Yeah to bad :P And i would hang with you to . you seem awesome !
thank you!
Love me some orange drink
How's everyone's Saturday? :) #BeSafe out there!
and she goes la la la la la shes got the look! :P
thank you!!
Dear #Faffcon. Thanks for putting so many great voice actors out of commission for a few days. I finally get a shot at winning an audition.
Last night in the 20's... Kind of depressing but what a fun decade!
It's gonna be god
Sometimes it seems as if there isn't an entire country sitting between Boston and San Francisco.
I thought it wad bad for one day.. But I can't imagine how bad it was for you!
If anyone wonders, J Cole has the idea of what rapping should be...
Glad to hear it was good - can't wait to see it!
Miami better get it together over this halftime break!!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
We're overbooked - so sorry!
step boys got it they did their routine in a mascot flying in the air and shit it was nice
👍 precious cargo
Their keeper is all-time MLS leader in GAA. Of course, he's not behind the Galaxy defenders now.
Eating some chicken ramen noodles. Um um good ;-)
Do u think Starks is going 2b a weapon (even after grants 1st good week) vs.denver or do I go with Benson or is he losing momentum
nice well have fun & be safe!
cleaning my room like a madwoman because in less than five hours I get a new bed. AND CLEAN!
You are indeed an angel with whom I have been in love with ever since our first talk. ♥
Happy Birthday my sweetie!!! LOVE YA!!! <3
How can people of any gender or ethnicity use bike lanes if they're inside watching tv (& eating trans fat)?
RT : Don't forget - First Friday THIS Friday from 6-9pm
agreed but i take it one step further: even when devices work perfectly, we still have plenty of drama in our modern lives.
Dear people in my mind, you all need to chill the fuck out so I can sleep. Sincerely, The Owner of This Body
I'm all sweaty right now. Austin sweats alot when he performs.
