hello! You too!!
Gotta start spending less money on food. Just love to eat.
RT : I am early for #smallbizchat for 1st time ever!
What's this "outside" you speak of?
RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane n Indy to play in The #SuperBowl. #TakeThatSh*tCancer
I'm pretty excited to read The 99 comic book. Every child needs a superhero. #WhamBamIslam should be on #AJStream orange couch :)
I'm sorry cause they're just stupid and they really have no room to talk. What did you ever do to them?
All you're gonna see from SOC members today are countdowns. 11 hours and 9 minutes. <3
Rumor has it President Obama was about to say something really juicy about Sharia law right before he turned into a pillar of salt.
thank you! I'm actually here most of the time, next trip stateside will be next year to launch 100 days to life.
I know:)
Experiencing technical difficulties so this morning's radiation flight is delayed while they get a tech in to replace a motor.
if anyone sends me a message from TrueTwit validation services and that the only thing you sent me you will be block and marked as spam.
I'm really starting to wonder what Mr. Mahone would like for his birthday(; <33
#teachers - are there any documentaries you like to use in the classroom that inspire quality student conversation?
A couple real niggas in the building.
The awkward moment when you're having a conversation in your head & realise you're making faces that go along with your silent conversation.
safe to assume they fade out at the same rate. Safe to assume also that iTV is def Retina ;)
I heard they call ya sweet dick willy!
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
OMFGGGGGGG, LOLOLOL. YOU WOULD CINDY, YOU FUCKING WOULD. OMG.
Aw Shucks, yer welcome! ;)
Threw out the first pitch, ”caught” a foul ball, did a sportscast live without a functioning IFB...normal day at the office.
you're amazing.
either honestly. Last names Or twitter. Or some identifying faxtor
There have been worse days.
Don't ever disrespect my man!! I don't play that sh**!!!!
No???? Love this move!!!! Howard as a judge will be hilarious: never seen the show, but will watch now! Next judges: JD and ETM!!
What ami supposed to do about they say but you told me to tell an adult if some one is bothering me so now imma start f kids up
Hey everyone, check out our new design!
i have a job interview @ taco bell
So Jayden's at wrk wit me today....
At home sleeping :) Happy Saturday!!
Almost got run over by a drunk librarian on a mobility scooter. This not how I pictured my death.
Rene is a resourceful matriarch. Perhaps some kind of hammer, sickle, and star motif leotard could be put into the works..
u got the ride
that's awesome ! Love worship art.
Is this the optimal direction we should go? Any driving concerns?
I've also seen live a couple times and he is fantastic...high energy, not too many slow songs...perfect combination!
Do you want to win a free "Beautified Project" CD? First 10 people to retweet this will win!!
Stupid rain is ruining my plans for the morning to walk to Oklahoma City bombing memorial.
ADP is the industry leader in payroll and HR outsourcing - paying 1 in 6 people in the United States on payday!
anyone else experiencing some slight twitter fatigue as of late?
to get money for weed
We are here to partner with you to create the home and personal life you truly want.
Just got to for Hugh Bob and Nikki Lane. This joint is packed!
Happy St. Patty's Day Beer Lovers!
My girl just rep the stage at Klub TRU!
City Year Milwaukee will be stopping by the Marquette University at the MCC --MU students come say hello!!!!
It all depends upon discipline an self control.
I've run into that a lot...the dryer thing. It's a bummer. That should be a thing, making sure everyone has a washer/dryer.
I'll be at Six Flags in Arlington tomorrow! Come join me if you can:) eeeeeeeeeeeyeahyuh!
9:00 on the east coast! Welcome to
Haha no such thing man, we still here.
Keep it coming,TD. Enjoy your pro opinion and insight on the position and league.
lol college basketball
Cargo train, just in time to name the thirteen original colonies. My mom is really surprising me w her knowledge of us history
should have bought one dude. Still on sale if you wanna go fgt
Fighting to offer free services to homeless people. How can we end homelessness without new ideas and services? Open minds = open hearts.
Listening to Gary Strong speak at #oclcwebscale conference at UCLA.
Everybody wants to be famous but no one wants to put the work in! Time to enjoy Laugh At My Pain!
I am a big pull through or back in person. I do not like not being able to see doesn't matter the parking lot
Look out for the Guinness Inflatable to keep the party going @ the WBC after party! FREE admission, live music & of course... MORE BEER!
If she ain't gone treat you right, then I ain't gone treat you wrong. And that's my word.
Just finished working out, sippin on java headed to the Mansfield tourney.
I love my hometown radio. I hate having to get out the car.
Yeah, kind of a small world Dr. Eve, I am actually in your ITM501 class so I figured I would look you up.
another day,........another dollar.
thanks so much for doin that before & following ! please follow me too ! <3 Thanks xxox
people that stare at you <<<< do you have fucking staring issues !?
Instruction manuals are for chumps. And people that can read
Coach Carter. Damn.
I seriously want a junior or sophomore that i like to move into my locker as soon as I leave! I'll be back to visit it
oh man. Well that's ok. Next time!
i wish i went to school so i could of seen you.
Giving rewards means lack of that reward is viewed as punishment. ex: students earning looser attendance means class is punishment
If you play WWE '12 online, just watch who you freeze…
"Why aren't librarians users of their own collections?" Thoughts? Feedback? Do you use your library/archive's collections?
2012 Bulb-buddies starts tomorrow! We set a personal/prof goal & our Bulb-Buddy holds us accountable. Bart last year...FAIL! :(
Sum body gone try in bring beepers back lol
Happy Birthday!!!! <3
Good morning luvies!!! Busy day ahead :) #blessedandprayeredup !!!
me ask you a question. Do you believe it is healthy in any way whatsoever that the Roman Catholic Church is THE LARGEST LAND-OWNER >
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com#########
shine on 57. Shine on
Lmaoo my brother just said "I'm sorry I'm thick" haa
Fabio is at Whole Foods Kailua!! Go meet him!!
do any of ya'll listen to jazz?
We'll be spending most of Christmas break preparing for 's January 24 performance of 'Pierrot Lunaire.' We can't wait!
people in my spainsh class are geeeeeeeked. 😝
u got a better chance winning the mega millions than Hendrick getting 200 wins
Life isn't going to slow down, so you better speed up.
When ur *down* and u have a frown D: it's time to turn it upside down :D
If you don't have a brother or sister to call your friend, make friends with the world the world is one big family.
I'm taller hush child.
HAHAHA i have never seen such a thing! but im sure if i did i would laugh my ass off lol
yes I'm sad that I didn't go up and say something to him :(
after the big initiative to build new branches all over the city in the past decade the bookmobiles were no longer necessary!
I burnt my tongue on hot chocolate. Dammit.
What does gila mean? RT : I'm feeling so gila right now.
Celtics are on which is much more important. don't want to ruin it for you, but the secret killer was John Wilkes Booth :-)
good day!
We want you to wear our shirt Feb 26, 2010 www.SNOCLOTHING.com
thank you for everything you are doing!
I think my group is starting to go crazy
I kinda like Zombie...
Anybody got a power washer (preferably with extension) that I can borrow?
Dam tuf was good brutal ko!
well hell! haha I'll message you it (:
happy birthday<3
Pillars of Reddit: 1: The community should always feel small.
How does knowing your identity in God’s eyes help you fend off the devil’s attacks?
'stop using dirty catheters!'
Haunted mansion time..
RIP Whitney Houston! It's so sad another great artist has left us all too soon. As she sang so beautifully We Will Always Love You!
is summoned for questioning (defamation) after calling Putin a thief. Nice use of the prosecutors' time, no other worries in Tver
So no hangs..?
that's my brother !
glad to hear all is well! Can't wait to meet the lil' guy!
#Actors - Emily Schweber casting LUPE 22 Female Ethnic Golden-Toned Beauty for "Blaze You Out." More castings like this daily in the app!
On my way to the train to go to the city :)
Hey Madeline! We just sent you info about our new Chicago-based app, ! Looking forward to hearing back from you!
Weekend tours have begun! We've got Sasquash Pumpkin Porter and "Admiral" Stache on tap!
These cramps are serious kicking my fucking ass today, but I'm not about to let it ruin my day. Fuck that!
69 days till my All Time Low concert. ;)
hmm.... good point.
Don't wear heels if you don't know how to dance in them
Exactly. I also get offers from wannabe freestylers. Do you have people try to sing along w. you? Play spoons?
#andyroll Our LibraryYOU project to share local knowledge through videos and podcasts is cool.
I will accept the second excuse - and take your word on the first. Thanks for the response!
I hope that you and your mom have a terrific mothers day together :) <3 have fun :D
you should cheer up.
where is ur store?
Lady Gaga taught me to be different. Ke$ha taught me how to be a slut.
very disappointed in your coverage tonight. So sad. That's a first
Sounds ominous...drive safe!
October 14, 1976 - Chris Chambliss' ninth-inning homer off Mark Littell in Game 5 of the ALCS wins the pennant for the Yankees.
damn we on our way now we at boomland
It's sad how I live 5 1/2 hours away from New Jersey and I can't go and meet 😢 but #FeelSoCloseToYou right now :)
RT : Are you coming to tonight 8pm at the Social? Let & expose you to something LIVE!
Hi people sorry if I haven't been on I moved :)
everyone knows they shouldn't give a drunk girl a gun 😏
Amazing season for
poblano peppers! My poor tummy!
If you suddenly notice spots, floaters or flashes of light after an injury, it may be due to a detached retina. Get it examined right away!
substance > style. Nike doesn't make fashionable substance.
oh god that shit was eerie I only watched it once
FYI: Charity = Church : Romney Pays Millions in Taxes, More to Charity
Excited for tonight to host clients in the #Brewers 1982 Suite at #MillerPark Go Brew Crew! 9 1/2 games ahead, whoot!
A great creative #marketing agency in Atlanta is #hiring account execs. DM me if you are interested.
now I see that... it may be a good solution, if readers learn to look for it. I blew right by.
thanks for the RT :-)
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
I had a great evening with my daughter Layne; Miss Teen Global Nations 2012! Thanks for dinner Birdie
leap frog is exactly as much fun as I remember it
Congrats to Gill Warner (Tulsa office) who closed a $5.1M Walgreens in Tennessee!
are providing incredible support for the #registryweek in #RVA. Police are locating unknown sites.
See Eric Clapton Tribute CROSSROADS Dec. 20th at
Stop by Booth 1625 and say hello to fellow Free-Staters from Crowley. We're debuting the zeta scanner - very cool.
Oh hi! Guess who's got a slew of new songs? I'll give you a hint- it ain't Jack White and the Juggalos.
see you in the AM :-)
please follow me? :)
Mtv! In love with MUSIC!
you have no idea what you're missing out on! Oh well
am trying to have to see this week
check out my moms and mine new website gtcooking.webs.com and tmarieb.webs.com
When asked if the camelback was a good purchase. This guy just told us that he put kool-aid in his camelback. They are out here trying it.
RT : RT : Cisco reckons that there could be almost 15BIL devices linked to the internet in circulation by 2015...
Jdb is sexy. Enough said.
Heading home the deciding if it's 24hr fitness or lifetime???? Decisions
gambling makes everything awesome
Lol we're gonna have Patriots and Giants at the BTB Draft fundraiser in a few weeks!
Again I say, you are nothing but a switchout!
so now what do the browns do at 67? A CB perhaps? Or best available?
There is a downside to not looking at Facebook in more than 10 days. I've forgotten multiple birthdays.
Thanks! Hope you are well!
#Saturdays are always Funn (;
how many months are yuh sorry asking
Wishing good luck with her big audition this weekend. As well as on the new video shoot next weekend with
Maybe it's the P90X..makes you look 30 years younger
Heading up to Sea-Tac for Data Coaching Day Two (Electric Boogaloo).
Thin is in
did Natalie Portman's person dress Alicia Keys as well?
oh yeah I'm down for sure ! Just thought you wanted to take someone else but I'm down dude!
Sorry to hear about the loss of Mozart. My cat Whiskey is now 15 and my best bud
Red Hot Chilli Pepper's music never gets old
Come on bro...Krayzie Bone WAS bone...them other dudes are wack...yes Bizzy is WACK.
The #NHL has lost its mind suspending for the hit on Zubrus. G's only crime was that he wasn't wearing a #Penguins jersey. Sheesh
you're welcome. I've got a 12 hr shift tomorrow. Grizzly out.
RT what most tweets look like to me: "i had an amazing dinner w/[name of co whose ass i'm kissing], they are so awesome."
Thanks so much for following us back, hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Can't wait to watch novelas with my mom tonight
Ok so North Carolina really is just really trash...fuck off you ignorant hicks
see you in basketball or see you foreal lmao idk im lost now
Final 4 Starts at 5:00. $15 Buckets of Bud&Bud Light! Plus $12 pitchers of Miller Lite or Bud Light! Mention Tweet and Get a Free C22 Shot!
his helmet brushed kickers foot. Good no call.
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much.
Per your request - Ladies style fitted shirts have been added to 'CLE Tribe' and 'Wigwamers'
Doug Collins: "I feel like Andre Iguodala is a premier defensive player at his position."
Be encourage
Give her what she want a zooted boi-
cable is out in alabama too
watching folks fall all over each other to pay big bucks for fancy noodle bowls is kind of amazing.
Manic Monday. Where the song "Manic Monday" plays on repeat from open to close.
Just had some #TokyoJoe's and like always its disappoints me but on another note #BlueMoon'sWinterAbbyAle is
Agreed...20+ oz. in clean out I bet. “: #goldrush I think cut 3 is going to have the most gold #thinkgolditsfriday”
Looking for 485M multi use loan, must be direct, no upfront fees, client owns land.
Kevin Edwards
must visit while you are here. Best meat in town. And we know how much you love meat.
figured coz u were tweeting at what seemed middle of night ! Well go back to sleep ... Or You prolly getting ready for wk now
I never really thought about that till now. So true! White wine is so much better too
Welcome to Friday! Get your weekend started here
Nick Johnson still plays baseball? I hope he still sports that ridiculous mustache.
I hate when pol dont text me back.
#JustinOwnsTwitter no duh! :)
You speak a mean truth WC.
I love u maribelle anes one day I will see u hope to see u lol
watching why did i get married 2 and its good i need more followers and i will follow u too goin to take a shower after
Thanks for the RT. You Rock! =)
I should startin wearing my shoes on the wrong feet
is my favorite white girl followed in a distance 2nd by I hope that they burned down Chicago this weekend.
Happy Birth Anniversary to Our Saviour...79 Years Young!!!
LMAO. definitely not.
2 min warning.. Who's gonna take it? NY or San Fran?... www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
CapeNet servicing Cape Cod res, but also doing massive data transport for other parties, linking OC w other MA nets.
thanks for the follow, I appreciate it!
You know it buddy, I wore it last night. Why not celebrate a championship?Then again, it does look like someone sprayed tar on it.
My heart goes out to that family that passed away yesterday on the bronx expressway. I must have drove on that road thousands of times.
Ok, just checking!! LOL. Those COA's are ALL B.S., if they're including one, it's usually a red flag.
: Thanks for the reply and feedback. The question came from a FB follow.
thanks TweetHeart! Your See's treat Guest Services!
Haha! No plans to go, but I hope you have a terrific time!
ah, will do. although you kinda just did..
you like Jeffrey.!? O:
I had a hot dog, chowdah, and Sam Adams. Breakfast.
"So this is how liberty dies. with thunderous applause." Princess Padme Entertainment mirrors reality once again.
congrats that's amazing!
Fourth block ughh
RT : bout to watch #LoveJones #classic good movie gotta love the classics!!!
I don't give a beep
y u mad did i say anything to offend you
The All American Rejects' newest album Kids In The Street. Pretty impressed.
Playing poker, in the top 4 and already got 3 bounties
whaddya mean? Who doesn't love D town?!
Sounds lovely. I'll be by the bookstore again :)
Shoutout to Im feelin the tweets 👌
hey what im so sick just little bit so how was minna
what's up D. Get back to me on the Thursday residency. Hit me on my phone. Peace.
I tried looking for it online and I cant find it. What is the name of this shirt?
I'll make you happy! We will have a ticket waiting for u at will call @ Tasting the Town on Thursday @ the Humble Civic Ctr.
Both goalies playing spectacular right now. Oakland leads 3-2 with 10:05 left in the second
same lol I'm just gonna try to get my notecards done
gonna get my second holes...u should get yours hoe
I'm glad you love my balls! Lol!!!!! I loved the macarons-orange is so yummy!
you hate me?:(
via - NCAA Investigators Bust Into John Calipari's Office To Find He's Already Skipped Town
she is in the building!
Lame ass niggas gets no luv from me man
Enjoyed the club. Time to eat!!!! ;-)
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down. - Arnold H. Glasow
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, It is because we do not dare that they are difficult. L.P.Sanadhya
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend, no matter what holiday you celebrate!
Brother she's country 🎶👢
Humanism Effect on the Rensaissance
of course it isn't, we were a big deal and maybe got a little crazy in the process!!
Did you guys see 's avi today?
u guys were amazing 2nite!!!! I loved it
In a world where we need 2 teach kids 2 respect others. Adults n parents shouldn't get mad @ children that want 2 try questionable things
Im out of town next week but the following week is Patty's Day. Seems like a natural week to get beers.
Split pea soup. Nice and thick. Add seasoned croutons before serving.
This lady on Dr.Phil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
know anyone with an extra ticket???
I have a sick obsession with Chopped. It pretty much takes up 75% of my weekly tv watching.
Thank you. You're an excellent role model, you know. I am thinking of doing grad school. Probably not anywhere as awesome as
Note: Placing a gasmask in your photo doesn't make it more interesting.
I like when things turn out... #amberalert canceled! WOOT!
Yes, Chord sings my favorite part in What Makes You Beautiful.
Who's in the know:
The rumors are true. I captured & hired the squirrel from last week's game as the Asst. to the Offensive Coordinator. Welcome, Ben!
BNLX are killing it at The Amsterdam in St Paul, MN. Melismatics up very soon, babies!
Starburns will live in our hearts forever.
Want to create a drink with creme de banana. Sadly, no rum. /me puts on his thinking cap...
#Pittsburgh #wingnight every Thursday. 1/2 off wings. now on tap
Effing antibiotics make me feel sick and I won't be done till Mon.
I LOVE ASTROLOGY!!!!!! “: So many scorpio birthdays this week Ming's and ”
Mall Dawqqs :p
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
yo u lucky u didn't come, we stranded in the water. Lol.
I'm trying to debug #wp theme files, and it's not updating on the site. I don't have a cache plugin installed, browser cache cleared.
Looking forward to rescheduling canceled mtg w/, , (and others not on twitter).
Oh man...jus booked another job lol. At 4 now, what am I gonna do wit myself?!? Gotta get my money up though!!
1789: Mutiny on the HMS Bounty (General Interest)
i love you shane dawson ;) ahaha no but i do
I don't know- getting in front of 12 million would be something most new launchers would envy. Hope he goes far...
It's been over a year since I've had it, but I'll still tell anyone who will listen about the black obi soba ale
But anyways watchin con-air
just rediscovered jimmy eat world--and it feels so good to be a teenager again.
Thats awesome!! Congrats!!
It's Emily's last night bartending tonight. Come out and wish her well in her future endeavors!
The time when there is no one to feel sorry for you or cheer you is when a player is truly made. - Tim Duncan
Know what's crazy to me, we really love and care about these celebrities/famous people and they have no idea who we are.
I'm pretty certain it's dirt.
Just finished stamping some new pieces. Can't wait for my camera to arrive, so I can get them listed.
If any of your customers lock their keys in the car make sure they call us!
@ #IABC seminar with talking video mktg & social media.
also, I liked today c:
wanted to go shopping in akron. This is after not seeing him for a year and after his arranged engagement to some chick...Wut
horrible bosses!
nope. he's not.
You have Options and options is ALWAYS a beautiful thing!
If you're using BB,well you shoul add me on bbm! 286E1B88 :D
When makes me cry with random 5 page long texts <3
how do you get glue out of your hair from extensions? I glued mine in and they came out and now I can't get the damn glue out :(
--> RT : Student loans, housing loans, Facebook stock... All predictable bubbles. Everyone should see that by now.
Kevin Love > Mike Love.
life is better when you slow down and appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT ! Have a great weekend!
you are so cute omg
playoffs would be good, but this is still a good college matchup
that's me a little bit premade, but a lot student made
Great book launch for SLIDE yesterday
I'm definitely not an early bird, more of a midnight owl! Lol!
you just ruined my life
Suga want to have some fun with stupid ass radio station? They called internet radio posers.the onslaught begins from my staff
There is one art of which man should be master, the art of reflection.
"When all is under control, you are driving too slow..." M. Andretti via
YEAH THAT GUY I LOVE WUBSKILLET!
#cwebodymedia topic strategies for companies with one product only - targets weight management and obesity
of course the videos won't play on our ancient browser, but i am intrigued by description. will watch at home tonight.
Congrats Robin & Ross! Robotics Academy Computer Science Student Network is a #DML2012 badges competition winner
This is crazy.
Nice! What part of Cali? That's my homeland. :)
I can't imagine coating my hair with DRY SHAMPOO to make it white.
Maaaahomies,where you be at? Haven't you noticed Austin has been lonely, or acting strange? We should trend #CheerUpAustin (: k? K, Mahomies
Is anyone else addicted to Pet Rescue on King.com?
it's Thursday peeps, we're almost to the weekend :D
On the road GPS voice OFF she's annoying!
Ha ha. Or I lost a bet.
señorita what's up?
Yeah, sometimes it's appropriate, but even so I feel weirdly imperious. Like "You shall address me as Doktor, peon."
Watched the most recent episode of the #bachelor online and now all I can think about is how much I hate
DEEEAAADDDDD RT ": Can't wait to get my 12 piece at Popeyes for lunch"
GREAT time in Santa Fe today @ The Roundhouse with Governor Susana Martinez reading The Proclamation! There are still events going on
Exactly. I wasn't expecting much from him this weekend. Thought I heard 72 driving home.
“: So had a car accident yesterday morning. All is well tho!”
That swimmer tho ;)
walking the red carpet for #clevehall 's monster man.
ahh thank you!! :)
Today is depressing. I should technically be a senior in college now. Fuckmylife
true that hahaha
Happy Halloween!! Go Cowboys! Go Rangers! Make this a great day!
Sara Evans was the country diva of the day at #stagecoach in her gold sparkly top, painted on jeans and impossibly high stilettos. So glam!
Attending this week? Don't miss Sutter Health and FastER Urgent Care presenting with iTriage at the #HIMSS12 Conference on Feb 22.
Folks always want you to be what they want you to be and want you to do what they want you to do.
RP was the man and he is a top 5 coach. You will see that if you run him off. I must say UK fans r glad you have him though.
i think asap next up
You would like the session I'm in now. 'Understanding Mobile Metrics'
Rep. Kelly - I guarantee if you asked the PARENTS/TAX PAYERS if they would choose money or their child - they would choose their kid.
Thanks ! From and
omg😱 yes. Like you would make Ryan gosling look ugly!
Parent- Are you talking back to me? Me- Well, yeah. That`s how communication works.
I loved that performance! Beautiful, strong, and soulful voice!
how exactly does ur laughable families christmas photo say Happy Holidays? more like greetings from the crypt. epic fail.
Same to you!
How do people not see that is CLEARLY making fun of pagaents?? Hello??!!
free korilla today?
Okay I will!
sending messages using sns, sqs along with the push notification using urbanairship
We're off to the New Belgium Tour De Fat.
Life throws me curves, but I've learned to swerve.
Did I see right that Robin Van Persie was the one kissing his teammate's boot after the goal? Finish better than service
follow back? :)
Big air ball by ray allen thank you 
yes! I'm going my first show in April called the Emerald Cup!
Pools are perfect for holding water.
i'm just seeing what tweeted on my page he is so gay! Lol
Rub the kitten with catnip, then reward the jealous cat with a treat every time she shows acceptance.
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention posted a website showing the changes in obesity. Visit www.isagenixhealth.net
church was on point tho. you gotta have pride to make changes in life for the better.
Thanks to all of our recent followers! Sorry the tweets have been few and far between, but we are looking to revamp soon, so stay tuned!
Happy Independence Day everyone!
When you stand at the same spot at the barre for every class, after a while it gets pretty boring. So you find a new spot.
Raga and Dvesa mean 'like and dislike'... Vedantic philosophy revolves around this expression. Likes and dislikes entrap everyone.
Males of some praying mantis species cannot copulate while its head is attached. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
Hey, you're a crazy b**ch but you f**k so good I'm on top of it when I dream I'm doin you all night.:P <3 I love Buckcherry.(:
wtf?!?!?! You have got to be kidding me!
So far, so good.
That totally sucks. Bad form, bad move. Now, if you engaged with remote folks...I'm just sayin' ;)
In general...there's no point in writing hopeless #novels…what's important is the kind of men & women we are in the face of this.
hate it, so stressful
Happy Birthday Stormy and Chyna!!!
Anyone in the mood for our Kit 'n' Kaboodle? 4 meats, 2 sides and enough for 2-3 people!
love you more lol
Early voting starts today. It's your country. It's your state. YOU do count but....only if YOU VOTE! PS Mine is in the hopper today for ERT!
are you going Jules!?
For me, I could get lost in the music. I could listen over and over to different songs and hear different things.
and no invite...I'm hurt :)
ill admit it i like to watch and play golf.
Anyways, i'm going to go play video poker. bye
Thank you to everyone who came out! January 29th will be here before you know it
Promote it.
She's The Man is a good movie ok. :D
I'm so buzzing.
oh I was talking about you not being able to feel your toes! Haha but that sucks abt your friends not being fun tonight :-/
could you please get some new commercials...
I miss you! Happy valentines day.
;) RT : #MentionTo your friend who has a cute dad.
Someone needs to shut up Jenna. I vote for Gia
can you tell me where you got your shirt and tell me how can I get one or can I get one
My dream girl- lightskinned, tatted, piercings, slim waist, thick, fat ass, cute face, beautiful smile, nice size boobs, sexy legs
In comparison to other festivals like it DEMF is far from commercial
Just want to thanks to all the new readers of Across the Hall.
16 year old boys are faggots!!!
Now that sounds worth reading!!
Allow me to introduce myself... my name is mud
great to see you... I'll see you soon at Game Night ;)
I like the idea... 5M instead of 2M :)
Monsieur Brachiosaur?!?! What? Autograph or it didn't happen.
:) :) she'll be even happier tomorrow!! ;)
Off to cafe momentum dinner - yea. Been looking forward to this :)
i got told i look like a 16 year old today o.O
I believe in the power of friendship!!! They always got your back and you've got theirs :) Looking forward to 2012
Yeah Dove would be the best smelling one. Organic usually smells good and isn't gender specific.
no that would be the #bucks lmao
i was about to tweet about that.
Front Lace Wigs Make Women have a Fresh Line Up LMAO
BITING THE SHIT OUT OF MY TONGUE
That would be nice TOo!!! But just landed in LA.
Nice to meet you too! Really delicious lunch w/
TIME TO GET IT IN
RT if you believe in love! Happy #ValentinesDay enjoy your dinner with us!
I WANNA SEE THESE PANTS
I get mad when I look at somebody n they already looking at me
#Follow our indie doc - a stand-up comedian living in the public eye as a male-to-female transsexual. Filming now!
Good flow, I like hip hop that bumps.
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
These giants trippin... Comin over here talking crap
#Finally FRIDAY Woo! Great tweets from !
Niggas in Paris >>>
Payment has been sent!
Any info you can provide, or is this just another "I know something big & juicy, but not gonna tell you"?
It's 2 hours, but yeah its the season final. So maybe there gonna graduate in this episode too?
Get a Free Online Coaching Session. You must sign up to receive a free 20 minute session. email to register.
Radcliffe Bailey show is excellent.
Do you sale foods?
Oops! Politics needs to stay out of science. My bad.
Your welcome
Hamels plunked Bryce too quick for
if your profile is locked i will not be following you.. #unlockit (:
Retweet if you used to watch " Caillou " (:
It's incredible how productive I can be when I don't have to work until 3am!
EWW! i will not do that with your gramgram!!!
she said leave a message when u can....
I lost my phone ....... Why didnt I get that find your phone app lol...
So come and talk with me there. Still need to get verified. He is now Bengreenberg on BC, but not approved yet.
MT : Today we all believe in the power of the presidential bully pulpit again? Until the next thing Obama goes quiet on.
Talking to Gage!:)
I loved it, but it had a lot of problems.
to be honest i miss you with braces :/ but you still look HOT as ever without them ;D
Are you playing DC? “: Back in DC!”
one of your most dedicated fans is ! please follow her! ;)
This thunderstorm >
thank you! Does it work in the iPod?
Had an awesome time with Savvy Actor at the Showbiz Expo this week!
you're close though. both are italian
Anybody out there use CAS crane scales?
Missin' you all!
happy Valentines day!
Okay okayy. I'm up
You know I am just getting to know some of my followers Thank you for the RTs & Major Music People that I follow and follow me back. Respect
your very welcome? would you mind following back though?...I love your account.
my nail broke!!! ah!!
. Angels vs. Rangers is on Fox in Houston because Houston sucks... *sigh*
Therapist: how are you doing today? Patient: uh not good. Super fucking great that's why I'm here. Here's your sign.
I'm feeling I hope it happens !
i cried myself to sleep watching My Girl :(
Bitches Always Gonna Be Bitches. Niggas Are Niggas. People Talkin But Hey Life Goes On!
Lmmfao off my bro derrick got me dyin laughing he so crazy
Getting ready to play 2k11 MJ : Creating a legend mode i might upload the video so stay up to date
Its carzy how much money professional sports players make and they still have to use supplements..
can't wait
#IndySM Was #social46 able to interact in languages besides English?
Which means most people actually support it. Let me underscore, Kathy is voice of the few.
I'm gonna buy you an early christmas present <3
hey man! I'm looking to submit some tracks to your artist(s). what's a good contact # and email? Thx
#RomneyHumiliatedClassmate I'm not a Romney fan but this is getting ridiculous. How far do we go back, did he kick his mother in the womb?
Ok, to close out this rainy day, we're offering 8 for the price of 5 on all UV tanning packages! That's a killer savings, so take advantage!
Zuckerberg Plays Host in New Facebook IPO Video - PC Magazine
Stephanie Rickets records her 1st strike out of the game
#Shoutout to all our troops. Thank you for serving our country.
Fucking stupid ass Freshmen. How hard is it to fucking follow SIMPLE CPR directions?
Of course. That fits the time right. Influenced Psyco and Chainsaw Massacre. I fuckin love the orig. chainsaw massacre. The 1st
She is not your best friend shut up!
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. ~ Lao Tzu
AAVG looking sweet for this week coming up slow and steady...
nice... Thanks for the info..
all LOVE related offers should go through your pimp x
Photo posted and NOW we need help "tagging" all the folks having a great time! Take a look and tag a few to help out!
Wishing good luck to and hoping she will come back to visit
that's awesome!! They're funny. I'm jealous.
I've been home for two hours and the only thing i accomplished was making chocolate milk.
Thank you for highlighting our exhibit!
No it wasn't me! Would have been cool though! Have a good one.
blackberrys are the biggest pile of shit going, they dont even work properly , grr RAGE
Must be Yankee haters!
Drunk ass police officer almost bust his ass! Lol!
it would be amazing if i woke up & could beathe and felt 100 times better than what i do right now,
same! I'm resting up this weekend though! ..gotta get ready for next weekend (;
Who drives a Jeep? Fuck Jeeps.
Ha! Valuable lessons to be learned in the moment, my friend.
That'll look so pretty :D
“Congratulations to the National Hispana Leadership Institute on 25 great years. We salute NHLI and all it has done for Latinas. Both...
Damn we went stoopid in there
Why do I always have to GO right after cleaning the bathroom? Mankind's ages old query. Excuse me.....!
I hope so.
Talking to Jerald 😜
Simone I emailed you did you get it? I am about to announce to all winners the date is June 2 info coming
You know, anything I can do to make your life easier, that's my first priority. Slash that was my coat from two years ago...
the only good song ever.
Hey. Congrats to my friend Anthony "Blue" Watson for getting an internship at 's accounting department!
Ladies and gents "Pacifically" and "conversate" and "hurted" are not words in the English dictionary...
u can even do it from ya phn support ya ppl
shut up be positive lmao look at all the tweets im sending the poor kid for my bestfriend 😊 hes gunna hate me ?
good game. I was in the house!
Don't even feel like leaving my house today so sick and tired 😔
It worries me that you know ALL the correct stripper terminology ;)
You're right, I didn't see anything about sacrifices. Good thing I left the goat at home. :P
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
Atticus? Scout? Boo? Are you out there? Follow me so I can follow you!
Ok so I am currently watching 13 going on 30....could I be a bigger wierdo?
lol, wow didnt think it showed that well! i guess when u hear the same accent everyday, u dont notice
What is the reason behind the recent major increase in prices? Buses btwn NYC-PHL have doubled in price over the last week.
Im never watching #raw ever again.....
Why are all these guys asking me if I wanna fuck o.O
you could use speaker deck from Github
On shit, Dakota found the Nerf guns..
ah, you know, I think I had that enabled for a while, must I have forgot last time I reinstalled. Thanks!
Nate Diaz is beating the SHIT out of Cowboy Cerrone
I am happy we're connected. Looking forward to establishing a relationship.
Last night, slow beginning to another Bible study at LCN but well worth it. The purpose of the study is to go into more depth of the RCL.
Yuck. Soggyness in my leftover salad.
Kinda want to take a nap :/
will check
MUNI needs to raise their prices
Darius Miller finishes in the top 10 in school history in made 3's, attempted 3's, games played, and victories.
#ChainChallenge 2nd day- fasting & not smoking. Harder with fasting than nicotine cravings. Went back 2 shelter- they are really trying:-)
And i say can i get a threesome she say boy you funny
My pre-ordered copy of Jonathan Franzen's new novel "Freedom" came in the mail today. Sweet.
My quality of life has improved tenfold since I've discovered that there is a "Chicken Wings" category on Yelp.
Off to Minneapolis for a wedding! :)
i missed the austream today D:
This game is barely more entertaining than the commercials.
Waiting to see How To Train Your Dragon in snazzy 2D because we heart Vikings and don't like eye hurties or crowds... Woo!
Heyy i appreciate the shout out.
nothing has the drama quite like that of playoff baseball... Nothing.
: crossing Hawley now. All good. #Homestretch # godsspeed
My core philosophy was born back in 1980, on the day that I became so frustrated with the artificial sound effects that... bit.ly/dEPyfx
Victory is sweetest when you’ve known defeat. ~Malcolm Forbes
<3 He is flipping gorgeous!! <3 And I'm not beautiful! ;o You are!!
#thingsgirlswantboystodo Listen and believe when they tell you they really like you.
I don't really know what you're doing right now, but it would have been nice to say good night.
sources say Jim Cuno will announce restructuring of Getty programs and significant jobs cuts on Monday. Staff on edge.
6 months ago I had this thing for buying cool striped socks. Now, I can't stand wearing socks anytime ever.
Sunday 01/22 @ Main Street Church @ 4:30 PM: It's movie time with the Youth! Everyone is invited to come to the sanctuary for "Courageous"!
gotta check out 's pics of the wooly mammoth tusk the Sharks gave to Joe Thornton a few minutes ago
stop tweeting and pay attention to the discussion!
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SAND" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
on making OSU proud. What a sharp dude, and a fellow long-hair. Go Beavs!
Anyone else want me to promote their website in the search engines FOR FREE?
MR confesses to BS that all he wants is Comeback Player of Year award, so he's been terrible and K'ing, to improve and get the award.
you wish i was
Josh William (I LOVE SAYING HIS LAST NAME!) doesn't care what you look like right now(: He still thinks ur beautiful!
By cheap do you mean free? Haha
I am hoping to have a productive day. Lots on my list today :)
lol yea.. I should but I'm already changed and ready for bed..lol
NW- Celebrity apprentice
the trending capacity of a word
Kobe is clearly the best since MJ !
Yes! With no time to travel...
we argue like that all the time
Talent has to be known how else will you succeed ?
Like that one a lot.
Don't wait for New Year's to set your goals. Finish this year stong and keep it going in 2012.
Thx Connie! Same to you!
You are my DESIRE!!!
That's okay cause we can go in my dad's SUV to my house, my crib, my pad and watch come dvds I bought like The Matrix
I just wanna cry 
Next week, we R gonna be "someone on the inside" & "a friend like that" 2 an Air 1 fan! What R we talking about? You'll find out next week!
i wanna be in new york so bad for some reason. Oh yeah...ITS SUNDAY AND THEY DONT SELL ALCOHOL ON SUNDAYS IN ARKANSAS!
Yes. Using a lefty there would have been downright sensible.
Last nights new SVU was so fucked up! This guy got off my amputating girls legs 😷
“: me and you are the most entertaining testers I know. 👊👍🙌” testers , but your so right 💁
stop RT : Someone end my life please
rolling Foo Fire it is then.
Glad its almost Friday!!!!
New episode of Chronicles being released today!! Keep your peepers open wide for it!! :)
Great to meet you tonight at #patchapalooza!
The #GSU decision could be great for C business, despite 95% defeat. License thru C=win factor 4, it seems.
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!!
Nigga's Can't Afford Polo Hahaha #ClownAssNigga's
My mom is soo fuckin annoyin! I always get my way soo no matter what she says.ITS NOT GONNA HAPPEN
I love the suicide bunt. Good job Shaun
Shawshank Redemption. Such a great movie....never gets old.
Thinks its really shitty that they took all of Tim Tebows pictures down from last season broncos headquarters! Not cool!!!
I have drank way too much coffee. I'm about to vibrate out of my chair.
You two ever thought about screwing with people and swapping hair color.
I should've went to sleep two hours ago.
Show Lost Language some tribe love <3 great band from Birmingham, Aabama.
Need a life line...somebody tryna throw the rope?...
And thus the world eagerly awaits the publication of the upcoming issue of the Bulletin of Insectology…
it's not a fad.
Recipe for success? 6 pack of red bill ad some bags of Doritos
I wanna take you down .
Whoa. Seriously? I used to play that game all the time and always (without merit) thought I could win that competition haha.
Hey I Just Started My Own Tshirt Line. Any Words Of Wisdom For Me?
good question? RT Why doesn't #NARA torrent its already publicly available, digitized publications, records, data...
you please explain what a "hater" is? Am I one?
Congratulations Claudia Anaya and Joanne Kupidlowski, you both won an LA lunch with Thank you for donating to our ABC campaign!
Just finished playing through Earth Defense Force. Giant ants and aliens galore, it was a blast! What are your fave games?
It's Friday night! Hit up a Bartab bar!
I love following sexy niggas wit big dicks!!!
Thanks Melissa! You're nice. :) I love all these back pats I'm getting!
Blessed with amazing people talking care of me
I need sum kush bitches got my nerves bad
Going to sleep now. Work in the am! Ready to jam to Trespassing on the way home. Yehaw.
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester ... A cleaner room
That's all you hear
Bout to see #ThinkLikeAMan!
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task. - William James
"Kim Kardashian is single again. Great! Finally something for the NBA players to 'do' during the lockout." - Frank Caliendo
reguards to last tweet: we only have 43 likes so id love for anyone to help! thank you!
No!!!! “: Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, "meniscus also." #Yankees”
Web and video conferencing service is a cost effective way that would also save money
Hello Kathleen. Welcome!
I am going to be a very busy presenting bee on Saturday at
Dreams are free, so free your dreams
I'm as old as Jesus now :)
HELL, TAYLOR & ED COULD BE WRITING ABOUT FREAKING PEANUT BUTTER & IT WILL STILL BE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SONG EVER WRITTEN.
if you weren't Dane Cook - I'd wonder if you were serious
U.S. Mobile Map usage up 39% versus year ago and surpasses one-third of all map uses for 1st time ever in May 2011. #CRE benefactor
The Lighter Side Podcast #32 - ''Sara Show''
Hahaha that little punk.
Stupid ass stupid iTunes. I need you- but I hate you so.
Stop reading this and go have some sex.
hahaha yeah it was
was trippin during prom.
"We already have 2 lesbians we don't need a 3rd real one"
We are looking forward to seeing your smiling face!
Loving my new guitar. Pics soon hopefully
I wanna go to the paaaaarrrrrk.
Artist come get your next Music project done with #Unlevel DM or email for rates. We offer Mixing and Mastering Available.
Throw them out! Do you know how much work it is to keep them alive? Epic, as in... keep them in dark closet.
Loyalty is the key word. If you can't offer that 2 ur friends then ur NOT a friend. Let's rest the fake and revive the real...NO POLITICS
And it is so! In Jesus name. Amen.
Uh no.. lol hold on
Callback tomorrow for How To Train Your Dragon, THUNDERDOME Friday Night! Bikini Beach Bacchae and Theatre Asylum on SAT. Woot!
I am NOT gonna ask what that is! :-)
so few live life so fully. Your loss while public was also publicly felt. We pray for you all today and always.
It also makes it taste even better. What's for brunch tomorrow?
YES! We can do straight-up Rocket matches in Uncharted 3 after the next update. YES!
#ahoetshirtwouldsay you CAN afford me
great! I'll be around for tech this afternoon too. Come say hi if you're passing through.
On my way back home the south was iight bout I'm city boy chi town here I com westside crazy
- I love this song! It reminds me of my 7th grade crush! Lol.
i agree. should have been a goal! They played better than AC Milan as well and deserved to win!
Should have switched my eztag yesterday. Dang it!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Those camouflage paint jobs are a joke. Think it's to hide the car, or a way to attract attention?
not at all! havoc pit boss is a great bait
I thought about that but it was told so well that I didn't care. More about words causing me to visualize and feel the story
So it goes, gain a follower lose a follower gain 2 followers.. I think I'm up one
Chaos and Bliss: Paint Chip Calendar
Curtis :D you are my best friend!(:
Scary Thought: "Most people want security in this world, not liberty."-H.L. Mencken .1956 quote becoming more relevant because of terrorism.
Thank you to & for coming out to the shoot and supporting 😊
Haha , i got on that Song ... thats all she listen too (:
“The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.” ~ Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
Group Reformer and PULSE coming up at 5:30. Then we have Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
Drunk girl in club caught peeing with her pants down. Not in the ladies room. Has no idea where she lives. No coat. No ID. Party
working 1/2 day today ...I preparing for my doubles match @ 6:30 today Sugarcreek tennis Club. my entourage is going with me so see ya BooYa
aw! I loved mentoring but happy to come back as a judge anytime
- I'm here AND there, lol. My other life just runs away with me sometimes. ;)
Did you make those?
You see him ALL THE TIME. We never see you. At least sit with us at lunch and acknowledge our existence. -.-
Hey Scott. happy to talk templates with you. email me at gregs (at) mindtouch (dot) com and we'll set up a sharescreen.
Drivers are behaving fairly well at Stoplight-less intersections along Patterson from Lauderdale to Forest. It is Sunday after all.
Poker Wisdom: "A king can do no wrong... unless it runs into an ace"
agree, that plays into their game
RT : go to bed !!!! <<Yeah Mishon hit the sack! Lol
Hey every body u gotta see videos he's a talented kid and I would love the world 2 see this!!!
figures. #selig once again doesn't get his way and takes his ball and goes home.
perfect! See you tonight and happy birthday week :)
im reading a rusher story
and that whole marijuana crackdown, gotta stop yesterday...
FOOD FUNNIES: What’s a doll’s favorite food? Barbie-Q!
went 5-3 without having his own system in place. can only get better
BULLY is a mist see for all parents. Not sure id bring kids under 11. Important that kids know it's not ok to allow bullying or be bullied.
I can't wait till Friday I get to sleep yay :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're walking your friend home and holding your kitten and 2 girls stop and stare at you
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 15
Hawkins leads off 6th with a 2B to center but is left stranded on third, Skinkis left on 1st. UMD holds 6-5 lead over Cavaliers.
I thought u were referencing Luke's whiny "no" after Vadar loving revealed he was his father.
ugh do i have 10,000 tweets yet?
Nice weather. Good friends. Blasting Wiz Khalifa all day.
oh hell no morning after
i'm guessing a phone was involved.
T-minus 32 hours until Boston with , glad I could book a last minute flight!
#DanceAudition tip: feeling nervous? take 3 deep breaths and send those butterﬂies thru the ﬂoor. You'll have better balance and turns!
random side note!! It's 11:53p and I'm going to bed!!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - East German Swim Team Barbie ...a Barbie head on a Ken doll
You acting like your pic Lil homie get at me
Can't sleep I'm beeatt
nice to know you check out our teacher...
I'm starting to think Betemit does that on purpose, keeps us in suspense.
Downloaded it today- love it!
good round guys. Nice season!
control x janet jackson >
#tedxuchicago "they were clinging to the only option that we were providing"
Don't be a stranger. Stop by anytime. Great to meet you IRL.
Swung for the fences tonite. Baked Creamy French Chicken Breasts, Broccoli and Rice...guess I felt a bit inventive...
GOP fail on debt ceiling for political ideology reasons = treason.
I know still loves me even though I forgot I had her superbowl tshirt and just sent it today. Lol. :-/
anybody else have Twitter following and unfollowing people for you, thought i was goin crazy.
-______- stop talking to me lol
Me and the little one woke up with the flu today. Will be back to the twitter soon. Thanks!
Yes ill send it to you
damn some serios lyrics.
its called dark star 40x
"Remember when you were my boat and I was your sea? Together we'd float so delicately,but that was back when we could talk about anything"
Anyone in SF 11/9 should make the next "live magazine" from See popupmagazine.com 4 tix. You won't regret it.
Please welcome 2 twitter! I will be they're SMM & Evangelist. Follow them 4 gr8 Beer exclusives! 47 taps & gr8 food!
Our newest app is launching TODAY! Head over to and start earning free coffee and free waffles!
Community = genius. It will one day be cited as an example of post-post-modernism. I guess that's modernism again. Either way, it's awesome
dearest male sibling. hello. *YO MA BRUDDA WASSUP im in love with english.
It must be quota time, oops!
Social Media Success Summit for the next 3hrs! Follow #smss12 ... for the best bits!
Yes, that is one good thing about having the tiny fridge!
I just want to meet you and my life will be complete..
"The cheeseburgers you all are serving up are to crazy good @ 7 bucks, OMG! Thinking of coming by today just to get more!” - via
Love your site!
A precedent embalms a principle.
you knocked up my wife lol
Is it weird that in Fable I feel bad doing bad deeds?
kind of like that CJ Level thing.
Glad to be back in the ville. Feel like I'm never hear anymore
ha ha I hope not!!! You are awesome! I wouldn't put myself in your hair, unless its a cheesehead!!!
#ItSeemsLike #oomf isnt being real with me anymore... I thought "keepin it real" was your motto :P hahah
Damn niggas cant even wear hoodies no more???.next its gone be chuck taylors!!!.this shit crazy boi.
Glad glad glad
plan to excel in 2012...mind - body - spirit
It's a chilly 55 degrees in the FL Keys this morning . Where you ? And what's your temp?
can't believe I bought a poncho for work tomorrow hahaha I look like an idiot
Im Ready To Get The Fuck Out Of Here ! Ugh , But Im Still Gone Keep It Calm && Keep It Cute .
Just saw a grown woman curtsey in public and realized I have *no* idea what era it is.
Yet again I find myself trying to catch a lost dog so it doesn't die, and being outsmarted by the darn thing.
Thanks for the mention in your CRE daily!
with all these top nfl picks. Can someone explain why the illini were so bad.
Happy Labor Day Weekend--come back refreshed and ready to lead! www.LeadershipRising.com and sign up for new course offering.
wish I was invited!
ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you! :)
Like anyone else, there are days I feel beautiful, and days I don't, and when I don't, I do something about it. ~ Cheryl Tiegs
My friend is being a bitch today, she need to calm down!
what's stopping you?
How can you judge someone else, when you know that you're the same?
Do you create roleplaying games in C++? Beside runescape have you ever heard of a Java RPG?
you deserve a hug!
hahahaha people these days.
See, this is why I resort to my tumblr/twitter/YouTube friends. My friends here just don't GET IT.
Done gettin inked this morning time to go nite nite
Does anyone else think the guy on Sweet Genius would make a perfect Bond villan?
you guys had a chance to watch the corner kick take downs on tape yet? Ridiculous.
Monday Trivia! Other than the Bible and William Shakespeare, which author has sold the most books? Check out our Facebook page to find out!
hey its Derek Gisriel I'm tweeting for my boss @ TXCV. We need to chill!
no doubt fam!
It's gotta be the holdovers! I happened to just post mine. I didn't want to crush dreams too early....I mean my own.
GOOD NIGHT, MIA-SAN!
soon they will be called Performing for Soup ft. Fountains of Wayne.
you'd know that I have a casita if you ever came to one of our parties ;-)
With a catalogue of over 40 originals cleared with BMI and this strong lineup of talented musicians, I am shopping for representation...
im so not looking forward to school tmw :/
OMG Make it or Brake it is getting intense..:O
Up extra late and not tired at all......whoa!!! dont do stuff like this...
Wearing my sweat pants, little mermaid sweater, uggs, wet hair in a bun, with pretty much no makeup out to dinner. Who's there to impress?
I attempted to change my password to 'Twilight' but got an error message saying, "Contains too many useless characters."
Purple Flowers
S/O my family ...this summer is gonna b crazy....
Always a pleasure speaking with my bro Good dude and hard worker.
haha i was thinking that as i did it and chuckled to myself! but it really does explain me so well haha
pure genius....
FIRST TWEET ♥ I love you !
Now that was funny.
love seeing these images from Blog Tour. :)
I love delena but stelena is so cute, it's hard to choose! #Delena or
Hank. Bocephus Williams jr.
didn't know if you were down in Baltimore watching yanks..if you've never been to camden yards, it's awesome park!
As you know, Defense win Championships, Coach!!!!!!
but governments with their politics are real nightmares...
Why must a fire drill happen right as I get an 8 kill streak??
Keep it up, kiddo.
Ima just Me One Hunnit... she is not that girly girl to do cheerleading. N all that toe touchin shit. Lol love u donesha.
I bet I know who all the texts and calls were from..
I need to retire my vintage store finds anyway.
leaving for airport soon for red eye back to the east coast.
Pretty sure I just saw Life Tracker's "Tourist Father," Coronado Romero, starring in a Carmax commercial.
ENT doc didn't think tubes were needed. Yay! Treated the little guy to Sheridan's frozen custard afterwards!
For broiled fish we have Fresh Water Eel, Boston Mackeral and Atka Mackerel. Just some suggestions. Call us at 614-273-0188 for questions.
I am wow. I'm like shamwow x times 2. wut? haha have a great night ya'll I gotta go.
morning to u 2
Spiritual Significance=don't compromise values, activities "bigger than yourself", make a difference. Amen!
Good morning peoples stay warm - stay focused - stay away from nonsense
What makes the NewYorkPublicLibrary truly public? Is it the81 branches all over nyc?Can participatory museums learn from this model?
Today's really coming up Milhouse--I'm itching to play darts. Where can you play darts in DC?
Tomorrow's the last track meet of the season.. gonna give it my all (: (y)
ma knows the deal ked
The full moon is beautiful tonight.
California is one soggy state right now, bummer! Well... gotta go work on orders, have a great day my twitter peeps! xoxoxo
yeah girrrrllll....I need to hit up some shopping spots for my babies to...and of course fooooooddddd....love ya
Thank God the Beatles concert will be over soon and I won't be asked to come up with more tickets.
I just love the maturity level of Twitter.
:-D I havent seen it yet.
So what is the consensus on #GIRLS? Personally undecided...
More rock than we can handle. Band practice today, Supersuckers and Reno Divorce tonight, and Foo Fighters tomorrow! Rock and roll lives!
Nashville, TN- Need females for gothic style shoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Almost went to jail today, was pretty scary!!!! Those monopoly games can get pretty intense!!”
2nd #cincodemayo party....idk if I'm gonna be sober enough to see the fight smh lol
- So not only video games could be considered art but also their game consoles! Wish I had seen that. Thanks!
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. :)
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
I wanted to get sum liquor but i'm too scared to go outside
Condom Slogans No. 5: Wrap your bait before you mate.
Pretty pumped to say the new band has a drummer. 3 down, 2 to go.
i need something to do
Malachi 3:5 "So I will come near to you for judgment.I will be quick to testify..against those who..oppress the widows and the fatherless.."
Nevada is so far behind in HS Athletics
We lost one of America's most beloved, Rest in peace Dick Clark.
Working on linking Facebook fan page and twitter together. 4 beautiful bikes being assembles in the shop today.
o okay i misunderstood...8 eighths?
i love this bad girl !! She made
This is not normal. 😡
Wonder how many of these people complaining about Wikipedia being down have ever donated a couple bucks to it? Seems they rely heavily on it
we are at JaJa...
Seems like it was yesterday, When I saw your face.
Cool man.... not up in the hip hop scene for connections. I'm more indie rock. Good luck, make it happen Cappen!
Getting X-like
dammit, wish I hadn't missed it :-(
R.I.P. Whitney. Hopefully you will find some now. So sad such a gift wasted.
My piano tuner uses a $600 app to tune our piano. Who knew!?
Free performance rock concert violinist Aaron Meyer tonight at 6:30
i need somebody crazy enough to tell me 'i will love you until we are buried' UGH VIC
GOD SAYS: "You represent ME, only when you represent MY Interests!" Pastor Chris Harris
Glad I picked Vandy in that one!
Sometimes the past is a present.
Claude Giroux would've smashed that door open with his stick.
I would like to take a moment of silence for all the girls who aren't hoes on the weekends.
This weather makes me want to lie relaxing in the grass next to the lake. A pen and notepad would be nice too!
Rock On ,Girl!
PRETTY AWKWARD DAY
March against the recent spike in violent crime in East Harlem. Wednesday, May 9 5:00pm RSVP to 212-669-4462 or
Have a great time!!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :) Enjoy your weekend.
yeah at Rochester chilling! coldest is killing me tho
Calling it now, based on this performance, Mattai is being eliminated tonight!
so, no salt?
Thanks for the follow , and for all the amazing round table discussions these past few years. Love your work.
Nothing like volunteering for my first little kindergardeners to cheer me up :)
when 's schedule update function isn't working, it really makes me sad.
Butterfly crime scene
I have dish actually. Just got off the phone with them, they said they had no idea why.
i know, right? i just come up with ideas all day long...lol.
I love u guys! please follow me nd messeage me it'll be my DREAM!! Im ur #1 Fan ever since ABDC XD
"Paid"?! Madam, it was a PRIVILEGE to give my blood on the dodgeball fields!
didn't realize that was a real item
Uhoh. Well it starts now...
good morning alex(: hope you have a wonderful day<3
Does anybody understands what the Occupy Wall Street Protesters expect to happen with all this protesting? What solution are they expecting?
To select well among old things, is almost equal to inventing new ones. Nicholas Charles Trublet
Chris.. can you be my titi? You are such a great aunt! So Supportive! I loved the trailer you made for Ethan! Too CUTE!
Manning to Manningham!!
First solo set :) Be still my heart.
O'Banion (citing D Jenkins) discrete best practices not sufficient to bring about sig. change in institutions.
I read an article saying is giving the rematch to Frankie. Weak. Who are you gonna fight? Barbosa? Diaz? What u think?
Just Tracked "More Than Dirt" @ Studio 19 with Matt Dame singing main vocals and bgv's.... incredible!!!
Hey Whilly. How's it going?
Much-needed optimism. RT : Woohooo!!! #11! Considering what we did with #21 last year, we're gonna KILL
#NowWatching "Fantastic Voyage" on Fox Movie Channel. Made in 60's. Groundbreaking Special FX! Lol...was a favorite when I WAS A KID!
Now I am sleeping in a bed with nine pillows. The bathroom has two sinks. I wet my toothbrush in one and spat in the other
Thanks Andrew. I just posted the article on FB
where do I send music for consideration?
Let Faith Always Fight What Stress Loves To Make Us Forget About Ourselves
often interesting, you balance well enough w personal comments too.
Jessica Simpson Shows Off Baby Bump In Skin-Tight Red Dress Jessica Simpson is giving "pregnancy glow " a whole new meaning. The mama-to-
Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request. Tickets available for today's 3:00 Performance
Even with the int arod still got me 50 fantasy pts
RT I think u made my point. : Ah I spoke too soon. Viggo mortensen has a very Sawyer/lost thing going on that I like
OMG i love you ... just saying, if ya said hi to me i dont know what id do obv. have a party in celebration
Black Friday special @ at Anatomy day spa & boutique. $30 certificates a value of 80 makeup application, great for those holiday parties!
Won a $20 gift card to Bays at the baseball game tonight. BEST VALENTINE'S DAY EVER
tweet caster
I saw it was 27 not 26?
definition of "friend", so that would always lead to guilt. I've decided to work on it, so I sent out a bunch of requests.
Yo, you couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
sounds like a plan.
Even a man who is pure at heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolfsbane blooms and the autumn moon is bright.
#TravisClark #WeTheKings would you guys want to be a part of Dreamers Are Believers? :)
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language. Conrad Hall
He acts like we care about what you say.
True.... I did Oreo Pie/Cake, and it doesn't feed an entire class. It would barely feed my lunch table of 4.
You can do it!!
That was close, Boston fortunate there wasn't a foul called, absolutely no help on that Joe Johnson drive
I love that pic
saw your hubby driving today! By that crash around your corner! Yikes!
U cant tell me this dont piss u off Tryna put work n at gym & a mf doin 100 rep sets wit 10 lbs on the machine u need! Who Does That! SMDH
Who would be a great person to talk to about this? We are right up each others alleys and should prob. talk about it... :)
Congrats! So many great people at UNC now--you'll be able to do great things there. Good luck with the transition.
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me 😊
Was Cher not available that weekend?
Trying to get focused, Organizing the school library today !!
Tonight we're off to Chester, PA....The Union are not spectacular but they have depth. Nowak's tactics the target...
Nathan, your welcome! Getting ready for the busy season?
Losing Bosh is a legitimate excuse. He's a huge part of the Heat. But since Heat fans bitch and moan about him sucking, no dice.
More is more!
It's happy hour at Sonic #Baltimore. 1/2 price drinks and slushes going on until 4pm. 8212 Liberty Rd. west off exit 18 off 695
Thnx-Love to keep the conversation flowing.
Very nice bike rack photo. It's great when the ordinary gets elevated to the extraordinary.
I read a review I wrote for the Pioneer tour in Dec. and it made me tear up for some reason and I realized I didn't write one this time :(
When I can't sleep like this, I get headaches!
The birds must love nature, because they get to see the magic happen with light and shadow at dawn.
An amateur radio enthusiast suggested that it may be possible to connect your computer to a "ham radio" and access the net.
#AGirlJustWants someone to love. want, respect and appreciate her the way she deserves.
about to do something crazy
We have a BIG announcement coming January 1st ... stay tuned!
Uncle Tom's Split-Level
I thought I was going to a lake park. However, I accidentally entered a Jesus camp. Now, I love Jesus, but whoa...
M...farm colon table.
staining my uncles deck :(((
After another amazing #Barrio pop up with chef Tim Maslow & too much Dom P... was the perfect lunch
Thanks to for being follower #1,000!
Thx. One of our members did dislocate his shoulder 20 minutes before going on. A chiropractor in the chorus popped it back in.
The Good,The Badland the Vagina, starring Clit Eastwood.
Good 2 hear! But why did Js case vex him?
I'm having a bad night
Good morning twitterverse! I had to get a good workout today. I'm dealing w/post show blues.:-(
None of you are fools today! At least... we think so. LOVE YOU!
Our Divorce Seminar is at 10:30am today! If you miss it, call us to RSVP for our next seminar in March!
What happens when most spam is notably more interesting than most experimental writing?
Here we go...hopefully.
GORILLA HOLIDAY PARTY AT DUCK ISLAND TONIGHT!!
Check us out at Bounce Night Club this Saturday!
This day just got interesting
per "Where are all the women..." Tweet, we'll have to get Julie Nielsen of involved next time.
O is a vowel!
Is it just me or is "animal husbandry" a really odd, but cool phrase?
just sorted out a nice little postgres and rails 2.3.4 bug - all is well now
I'm so sleepy
Wish I never met you.
Fuck yeah next paycheck imma buy my nocturnal wonderland tickets! Idgaf if i go alone.
Let me kno u followed I'll follow right back and ask me anything Q&A f4f
What?! Where? That's insane!
Maybe Gallo should hang with Andre more
I feel so bad for you, girl..
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore I am.
Students seeking federal aid, grants or work-study programs for the 2012-2013 academic year need to complete the application by Thursday.
It took Georgia about 2-3 times through to get it. Now she runs thru at full speed. They'll get there!
sure! What's up?
Do people really still listen to Jamn 945? Why would you subject yourself to that level of suffering
Twitter academics (esp in the behavioral sciences): do you have strong feelings about the use of wikipedia as a teaching resource?
My freaking phone doesn't work -.-
nope. It was Yaz. Greatest home run ever hit in a Pro Bowl, I'll tell you what.
Have you actually experienced ICS? I just spent six months comparing for a client. Let me know what you think after.
Can't wait to sip on some Rochester Mills and the delectable and bloodys in the Austin sun
Working for today!
MATH = [M]ental [A]buse [T]o [H]umans.
Your evening is about to heat up as brings you the Ocean Models Season Wrap Party #tonight |
THNX everyone for a great season! We're already looking forward to next year! WHat would you like to see in 2012??
The answer was "no" and that's ok
Finally finished the short story. Getting started is hard, but once in the groove, I'm hooked. Had to push to the finish.
If I had more time, I'd love to but I've been too distracted by work/life to even go buy one since the fall.
HI Brittany and thanx for following
You may be working out, but you have No Idea until you workout with me.
Glad I forced myself to the gym... this weather makes me wanna stay in bed
People who tell me how to live my life are hilarious.
Off today & tomorrow.
Teams, are you doing anything special to raise funds? What suggestions do you have for teams that are struggling to raise donations?
Or is it conio?
AH im meeting WeeMan from Jackass on the first :*
Veterans Across America needs more volunteer mentors to help veterans get jobs. To learn more, email me
I keep telling myself that if I look for the positive things in life and in people; I will find them... Sometimes though it's really hard!
Is there a memory erasing machine somewhere I can buy? I'd like these gone now...
In the aftermath of the #TrayvonMartinMurder my #DoubleConsciousness has been flaring up! :-/
Wow released Yankee Hotel Foxtrot ten years ago today, except most of yall have only had it 8or9 years! Gonna keep it on repeat today
do you have access to the New Yorker? If so, I would like to read the full article.
is where I'm from :p
on my way! See all you lovely ladies & gents soon
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Love new avatar!!
Its just not the common opinion
Putting on a smile everyday but your crying on the inside.
Break legs! I'll come check it out soon!!
It's a great way to start the day in beautiful
An inning of #Lueke lasts longer than a game by
hey buddy you want.. announce a yankeegame with me for mlb
