who's following me 2day...
Support KDRP radio @ Hill's Cafe in Austin TODAY! Great lineup: Paula Nelson, George Devore, Matt Hubbard, Waylon Payne & myself. Cheers! 2p
You don't call retarded people retards, it's bad taste. You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded.
thanks. your stuff looks kick-ass !!
I did not know. Now I feel like crying. Death is heavy no matter x's you have to mourn someone.
never seen a bad game there. And if you're on a bay run during a game, you can stop for filed level view out in right for free
going out with family, same haha its really embarrassing you don't know where to look :') :$ x
They say you don't tug on Superman's cape, you don't spit into the wind, ...
Today is a huge match against mainland.
it comes a time that what is right is right and destiny kicks in. Love it
Yeah I'm gonna appeal the shit out of it.
ATSU keeping those affected by #Joplin tornado close to heart. All students accounted for. More to come as we have it.
Going 2 the Shins 2night with ... if the weather holds out. Fingers crossed!
“: its a dream come true for #eddieblum. 16 yr olds everywhere” hahahahahahaha yes
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
I know it can be so Draining and a waste of time
now that's funny! I never follow rules of society! I'd rather be an outlaw than an inlaw!
excellent! just let me know when and I'll stomp over :)
“: So glad you could make it to #MEIAwards tonight!” Glad to be here - inspiring work!
yeah, I wish you would have ordered from us too on this snowy week ;)
Maybe you're a mole. Do you have shovel-like hands and beady eyes?
I know how Newt felt in Iowa. It's been one of those days.
so what can we excpect Family Night wise? 100% or is it different this year? like a 7 on 7 or something?
tumblr post limit + being sick and unable to leave the house all day +lack of human interaction = i am extremely antsy and easily aggravated
Thanks ! You're fabulous!
I need my car back. I cant do this being stuck in the city much longer...
it's fair for me to assume that people who grow up in small texas towns learn to drive on tractors instead of cars?
I feel like hitting the buffet
..and 6 from Chandler...Boo! ": LaMarcus Aldridge is five possessions from fouling Brendan Haywood out."
what year did we play in ATL?
When I first read it, I felt it wouldn't be my fave, but I really like thinking back to it now. Must re-read!
I'm Ridin Round & I'm Gettin'it *police sires* ...OHH SHIT!
☼ Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. Vince Lombardi
If your In Knoxville, TN tonight come out to Cotton Eyed Joe's to see Randy Houser!!! Show starts at 8 PM!!!
If u are a man sitting in the passengers side of another mans car; y would I wanna talk to u?
Tickets on sale for Kirk Franklin,Byron Cage,Isaac Caree,Amber Bullock,Charles Jenkins and Cheneta Jones.
Boy howdy! I smell what the Ellwood is cooking! Enjoy the day.
Way to go...good for you!
Too bad Newt followed one of this conservative advice as Speaker.
I'm a Words with Friends ninja! You just can't hold me.
actually it's just the pizza guy from the segment. Phew
where at Baltimore if so holla at me
Good morning baby :D
Wishing everyone a great day! Happy Friday.
Acoustic guitar and coffee the best way waste time before work -chr1s
Go Giants
Omfgggggggggggggg wtf is going on ah nothing better happen to my stiles
I feel lucky every day that I am able to serve people using books. I always tell others that service is our highest priority
Message me for FREE MEMBERSHIPS ON OUR SITE... Find that playmate..:)
You still in NYC?
AWESOME! We look forward to seeing you, Karen!
": Remember when the Secret Service had an honorable image? A few stupid men ruin years of reputation.
Big recording session today for the new album. There will be banjo.
I'm feeling oddly really good today. Maybe it was the eclipse.
Yumm. Did you use the Le Pasta vodka sauce?
happy birthday! <33333333333333 im your biggest fan
Titans are out for Manning......
Be Massive @ Kildare's OSU! Crew @ 3:30 Also catch the Reds, Indians and the NHL playoffs on one of our 17 big screens!
Sunny, sunny day... time for a ride. And then some; take my fat tires to Comfort manana manana, back in time for slow-braised lamb Monday.
Derek Luke is my guy. Great movie.
Pretty pumped I signed in and see you tweeting Love it.
I'm just a teenager trying to find my place in this world..
Its wasn't that great kinda like one of those 'ancient aliens' things they play.Walking Dead is good lil drama focused atm:)
some use cases: coordinating meetings throughout the day, getting together with a group of friends after work.. thoughts?
Wheels are falling off the Pacers bus...
I can not stay focused holy shit
I need to tan asap! I look all white!
I just don't know about that. Music is good, but for me chocolate is even better. Chocolate is a gift from the gods.
I JUST HAD TO BE REAL CAUSE THAT IS WHATS FUCKIN THIS GAME UP......
This weather perfectly describes my feelings right now.
i def watched the graduate today haha
"Midnight In Paris" now stands at $48.5 US on 399 screens after 12 weeks.
What is a fish taco?
This album is still awesome!
Hey! Fancy meeting you there. It's rather nice down here.
an his production ppl
: God made my life complete when I placed all of the pieces before him.. Now I feel put back together... Ps18:20,23
Yoooo Go Follow My Girl Certified #Dopefiendz {[MUST FOLLOW]} Foo So {[RAPE]} Dat {[FOLLOW]} Button
group of friends told me i must see that movie with them. I was like no! The Vow Hmm! lol
You've got more natural acting talent than most of our generation. Ur' expressions r always perfect w/ ur' Character's situation
Ralae lastnight was inspiring,most unique pairing of my life,bold flavors but so fresh&so clean.BigThks2 Kim,Ulf,JonTam,Anders
Smart Money Monday: Asset Allocation
it seems like #apple is blending a lot of their products. seems interesting ..
I didnt like him! I only said that because me being stupid might of thought that it would make u jealous and want me.. Hes fake!
LOL. Oh kitty.
and live with Molly! “: It's decided. When I finish college I'm moving to Denver. #Colorado #beststateever”
Someone new will come (:
2NITE at SHOWMAN'S 125th & M'side 8:30-12:30. Blowin' the blues w/ Colin Brown organ, Pete Van Nostrand drums & yours truly on tenor.
get your baby from a shelter Sarah Silverwoman
Hate when people in the office do the "scratch throat " thing with their mouth!!!
yea thats true.. So be grateful for our friendship :) lol
it's great. Can't complain. Still must connect soonly. Enjoy your weekend.
ATTENTION #SOPA FIGHTERS there is a NEW THREAT: #ACTA i have taken down the banner on the blog site and replaced it with valuble infoon ACTA
I hope I see him, he makes me so damn happy.
We would love to do a fitness segment for you guys!
Never Fear, Brooklyn is Here.
Looking for Denver's best burger? Try Tarbell's in Southglen, voted best burger in Denver 2011 by Westword Magazine.
Just spoke to Dave Ratner at your firm, looking forward to possibly working with RR & R in the future.
I'm a pimp.......Sike im not ghetto O.o
About to go home and go to sleep then be jacked on red bull for the rest of the day
no problem! :)
Most days I think free is too high of a price to pay for that shuttle.
I know nothing about journalism. But I do know that some people at the #pennst news conf should be ashamed of their conduct
you have a working television and the ability to watch Fox right?
i need to make money
who cares bout him im talkin bou the boys
But that wasn't her. That was me. I thought it was okay. You were already DMing him. Thought he was on our side.
Popular kids tend to earn more in their adult life.
thank you! Our entire family room is all Yankees holiday decorations! Living room more formal ;)
Just realized Basecamp lost textile formatting. #WEAK :(
Shop will be OPEN Noon - 4pm today and EVERY Saturday! Stop by if you're on the Eastside. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
Mayor talks about #abgheadinghome project expanding his view of leadership.
sorry if I spoiled it for you. :(
Tweet me guise.
I'm jealous of the Jags. Justin Blackmon is going to be a stud WR.
#ReTweetThisIf if you want your tweets to be retweet
I was eatin some chicken n I was tryin to break the half n when I did the bone flung out my hand n hit my bf : )
It is all love!
Fanfic project update. Got some HD blog -cams. Who wants to be first to volunteer to record their fanfic experience for the project?
Email from account you used at sign up. Use subject line BOOMER. We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
How it works, in a nutshell: 1. See it. 2. Pin it. 3. Share it. The real currency on #Pinterest is visual data. -
Aughh. Taxes are a bitch. Wine is gone. Rubbing alcohol starting to fascinate. Indeed, Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me!
School plan alters calendar - The Advocate
Sometimes I wish I didn't have a brain..
#scottiepippentweets i love The Color Purple but Soul Plane was a work of art
Thank u I'm member/Veteran. Ask your Vets to pass along now showing
probs because your too ratchet you can't even think straight!
"you gotta remember put one in his brain. The first one he goes down, then you put one in his brain and you know he's dead and we go home."
: Tune in now for the live set from the Do512 Lounge in Austin - debuting songs from the new HISB album!
RT Got Some Exclusive Acapellas. Need You On Here Famalamski !
time for back to school shopping
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Records Management Analyst for their client in # DC or #Chicago. The Analyst will support the …
What's the reasoning behind them not wearing the uniforms?
Agreed. This is my first ISTE - it's a bit overwhelming.
I see you tweet and follow all these amazing beliebers but why dont you ever notice me?
Very excited to be setting up the Maney stand at MLA at the Washington State Convention Centre in beautiful down town Seattle.
You must come see the space!
Is Obama using "coolness" to compensate for his incompetence? I'd say YES.
Thank you very much JoJo, you're so kind xx
Trouble in Toledo
I'm really hoping you see this. But even if you don't, i wont stop trying. I want you to know how much i support you !
LOL I meant my fave after of course! Lol
You're welcome!
Wat up tweetsters get at me
Heading to the office to complete weekly anecdotes...
Ragnar Kjartansson just won the Malcolm Award!! And his video The Man is up !!
Batman Begins is ridiculously underrated, I blame the Dark Knight for overshadowing it.
the ravages of age
awesome facebook and website. you are amazing
Thanks for the mention!
RIP Amy Winehouse. Your soulful voice will be missed.
ok, there was a spot in the article that gave me the impression it might be normal and thought I'd ask.
He should get out of the world..
Working hard on revamping our website. Anyone want to give us a hand?
Freshly cut chicken breast cooked in a thick creamy sauce, and Naan bread!!!": What's for lunch today? #mkedining #mkefoodies"
i would give #TeamMGMC a 25 :)
H-Town
U.S. Stocks extended their sharp gains Tuesday with the blue-chip index surging past the psychologically-important 13,000 level.
uh huh lol , I love you to (:
ah, I haven't heard of Colette. Have you done any videos on plays you've been to?
Will never understand the big deal with Gay marriage. If couple wants to be married they should be married. Its not your life, why care?
oh and by the way
Salad is really bad for you. Fortunately any calories that come from anything green don't count. :-)
Quick trip to Secret Headquarters and then dinner at in Silverlake before back to more work before leaving for the weekend.
-_- no burrito for you when you come to Vegas!
Fletcher on HNIC "it doesn't appear to be a short term thing."
play in both formats yearly, guess I'd say serpentine by a nose
We are hosting a Business Summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs April 4...Have a Press Passes...Would you be interested?
I refer to some folks I work with that way.
RT : “A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.” -Oscar Wilde
It's free in the iTunes store (at least for now!)!
So #packernation... what other sports do you follow?
thank you, I definitely will:)
Hey whats the best co. for Linux virtual dedicated srvr parallels Plesk?
Getting excited about the Flashmob today! Are you coming?
Anytime, i'd do anything for you! Can't wait to see you in march && april! <3
Thank you for the retweet!!!
it doesnt matter (i got a dirty mind!!) :) suprise me :)
I #BELIEVE will follow me. I also Believe that I'll met him one day. He's my idol and I'll do anything to meet him! FOLLOW?❤
thanks for rt
Beat the heat with a refreshing Orange Cooler cocktail!! And don't forget Ladies' Night tonight!!!!! 1/2 off all drinks at the bar!!!!!!!!!!
There's a putt putt for sale on Southport road east of Madison and there's a need for a good Bar in the area!!
I'm moderating an panel discussion today on education policy issues in the MD legislative session.
work is so much more enjoyable when you can open up a window to enjoy the #spring weather. 67 in DC!
Dumb _____ first period teacher gave me ____ lunch detention for always coming late her class. #smh #dontlike _____
Wow what a big call that was!!!!
Time to be productive…
my day isnt over yet. bleh
Giving me my money RT : what he lie bout
Abram: libraries that don't follow collaborative projects are not just missing, but not fulfilling their moral responsibility
hey peopel how are you
glad you could join us, feel free to reach out to us with any questions. Have a great day!
thanks man!!
Can't wait for winter to come, , I lOVE the clothes :)
Peace� starts within each one of us. When we have inner peace, we can be at peace with those around us. HH the Dalai Lama
he said watching tv, you? And arty, I think my brother wants to be friends with you :) so be nice to him& your wack 😒
Well, probably not whooping then. Sub-acute cough maybe.
waah i wish, i doubt my mom will bring mee
'Packers Woodson, "Every year somebody’s going to win. To go back and win again just puts you in a whole ‘nother stratosphere."
Morning its been a while
yaaay(: I just guessed cuz they're my favorite band too!
so, how many totes per game are you looking at now that the law firm has re-located?
East coast ghost
ok it's okay
Figured I'd better try this Twitter thing before I knocked it. :-) Things are great! How're you?
tis is true.. I'll hit u up tomorrow Dean!
i feel guilty hitting on women when they have their toddler kid with them
How much of our success as designers hinges on our ability to stare at a screen all day long?
Note! The Bakken Museum will be closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21, at 3:00PM for a private event.
Wow. We are so sorry that happened and that link definitely didn't come from us. Thank you for letting us know.
looking frwd to it. Have a lovely holiday and Easter.
idk they might
You don't own a dog...
Hollywood bound!!!! Hollywood Inn Express South has just been added, to our constant growing list, offering 15% off rates........
Goodnight All My Followers ;*
Get it girl!!
oh, thanks von von. Love ya too.
@ roaringpajamas and my other twitter is if you want to follow me there
love that album :) Amazing
..They Only Want You When You're 17, When You're 21 You're No Fun.. -Ladytron
Is it too late the day after Valentine's 💝 to tell someone you will, in fact, be their Valentine?? Lol
My hometown, Bedford, sucks
hahjaaaaaaa THIS IS AWESOME.
if i could i would just call me superman lol:-)
Just received first grades for the new term. Anxieties now eased…
Thanks for the tip. Did not know that!!
Looking forward to #journchat tonight. I hope no one minds that I have a million questions.
I agree. Suggestions on how to better integrate traditional & digital mktg teams at large agencies?
looked sexy even in that weird outfit! fast women lmao this is why i <3 him!
My desk has become kind of a train wreck leading up to #minnewebcon - is inspiring me to clean.
Struggling with a head cold today.
i thought you were going down south?
Thank You!
Someone give me a good song :"p
so thankful for my daughter in love.
:( it smells so good
Its just so soon -.-
They form unions?
RT : If its not about the school you went to, then what is the point of an HBCU?
*stupid show comes on tv* me and my sister: CHANGE IT BEFORE IT GETS ANY VIEWS!!!!!! lol
Ozzie should have stuck with the straight up apology. The language barrier thing just makes it worse
Even a few minute of photographing yesterday was crazy. It was like listening to Wilson Philips all for 10 hours straight.
My family isn't accepting of gays. You don't get to pick family; sometimes you aren't dealt a good one. It's not your fault.
Thanks for the mention.
Word on the street is you're rocking out with us tomorrow with the 80 students from Texas?
smacked LA by almost 30! 119- 90 ! They about to send them boyz home this round!
Excited to have my paper accepted to the 2012 NEMLA panel "Corporeal Borderlands: Food Narratives and the Female Body"
Hey is Super 8 any good?
2/18 at noon its the #FFLFabLab Open House! Learn about the #Makerbot 3D printer and PSP Super Computer technology
no that dress looks so beautiful on you !! You looked pretty last night, the dress color and the hair style and make up,great!
When takes ur phone its bad news!!!!!!!
Shirt Guy Direct for all of your uniform, apparel, embroidery, and screen printing needs. Serving #PembrokePines and all of
Its cold and rainy in Boston this morning.
ur a good actor, u remind me of Lindsey L. Sorry nothing bad bout that, I think Lindsey is a good actor too :)
Gotta get some more headshots made when i return from vegas. ANGELIC PHOTOGRAPHY is the bomb!...Go Mike Moorer!!
Congressman Capuano did amazing speech at #ansa11 food and nutrition conference yesterday. Passionate pitch for caring for the underserved.
Everyone isn't meant to be involved in your life
I saw Ryan when he was in The Bigger Lights. He's hilarious I love that kid. Anyway I'll see what I can do. :D
BRILLIANT!!! Great job Sean.
it was a spanish hangover
Though I didn't see it in person - I don't feel like I missed the #spaceshuttle due to social media
Those who speak out against gay rights &/or gay marriage are 2012 George Wallaces. They just can't see it yet.
have a great weekend!!
I just saw your #FF, Thank you!!!
I'm doing a URISA LiDAR webinar as we speak!
is such a gork. (Someone who farts in the bathtub and bites the bubbles) gross right!?
Washington Redskins 14 St. Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
I think I just killed @ when I was trying to post a picture of an albino :(
According to my professor, my life should revolve around his class. Two papers due tomorrow.
Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ... shit will not end well!!!
No plans for MoCCA this year like last year?
#YouGettinPunchedIf You from ITT Tech or Education Connection and your talking trash about Everest
thanks for the kind words. Check out honey pie for sure, if you love comet you'll love honey pie.
My roommate's teenage boy left his facebook up. Reading through his messages. It is extremely fascinating.
We have a temper that always seems to come out at the worse possible times, making seem like we act live 4 year olds
I'm running off 4 cups of coffee
Still here..
Dear #phillies, get a huge inning so I can be graced with plenty o'time to purchase me some craft beer. No mas light beer.
telescope hunt massive hidden object in space
paradise fears
Yesterday's good night sleep was rewarded w insomnia. Fantástico!
Sometimes I worry that my shyness is mistaken for me being an asshole, but that must not be true because of my lack of past lovers.
Interested in advertising on our blog?! We offer great yearly rates from $100-300! If interested send us your contact info!
At the mall :)
By the way Cole Aldrich should be getting more than clean up minutes.
that must suck but your helping the world turn.
I'm starving but I don't want to get out of bed...
Check out on YouTube
thanks... you should try it one week... get SWEATY to this!
RT : I really don't understand why people are objecting to Dilla's record collection being sold.
Sam in Lazarus Rising!
Don't forget to come listen in on the #teaparty members at 5pm at the civic center
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to some Solemn Oath brews.
thx JV, always a pleasure having you at the office!
Congrats on the renewing of wedding vows. We leave for Jamaica on April 1. Our wedding will be there on April 7th. Excited.
"wake up and smell the ocean, cos i found better ways.. of spending all these nights in san diego.. without you in my way." -ALESSA IS RED.
So just crumpets then?
I just heard Tracy Morgan got boob at a concert. Good for him!
The diligent man maketh rich ~
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
dawwww, he so cute
Did you come to #Sofias to see #MySinatra last night? What did you think?
woohoo! iMassage is pretty cool. Blue speech bubbles instead of green when you are texting iphoneless people
; it's been a very long day.
It's Thursday, anybody got any hot sports takes?
its their biz model. Pay the ind. contractors per install. So they hustle through as many/day as they can
the skinny brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
That was a NICE crossover by Wade
Who knew a movie based around MMA fighting would be a tear jerk-er? #Warrior was great! #RealSteal was really good too.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together. -Desmond Tutu
Oh no!! I hope you feel better!!
being humans actually a pretty good show! on ep 4 right now yay nap time!lol
work always ruins everything haha. Amanda has to work almost every weekend :((
hahahahaha, she makes me laugh;-)
Monday Night Snack - after 10pm {CHICKEN WINGS, white wine & grapefruit gastrique}
UM loss is totally worth the downfall of any bracket.
I will never stop supporting Obama! Go read your history on FDR if you think he has compromised a lot! Then go get yourself elected pres !
Action is the real measure of intelligence. - Napoleon Hill
ncis will be the death of me. well maybe just crime shows in general
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." Robert Louis Stevenson
haha i love that! :D
hey tumblr app. could you like, work please? thanks.
I guess I just wonder where a historian is going to go to get this stuff in the future.
Care Bears strewn across interstate, hearts brutally torn from stitching
Haha! You could just restrict the other seats to "wanteds" only...
I hope that in 2012 people will learn to pronounce French words correctly.
it's the only day that starts with a W, just in case you were unaware.
congratulations to her and your family!
Wonderful! Thank you so much!
yeah of course!! Right after I'm done watching Smash! :P
Y'know what's more annoying than talking/texting in the movie theater? Taking pictures WITH flash! I mean seriously??!
#WFUD12 talking about the heroic efforts of lawyers to liberate poetry. Shakespeare would be proud.
Five Hour Energy... you have the WORST commercials I have ever seen in my life. I know youre selling enough to afford good ads, come on.
Sorry, Stephen King/Dark Tower reference. :)
Merry Christmas to everyone! May the be merry and bright
drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke
What's the rate on being eaten vs dipping?
I'll let your chips do my talking for me.
Follow and win $100
telling my mom im trying to find a fuck to give and her just laughing
Attending #ClybournePark with - a fellow I'm acquainted with. A too-rare trip to NYC.
y yu hang up? ?
Haha, I felt like I had to own it. Miss you amiguita!
OMG. I really want to go there now! OMG. Im gonna see if my parents will take me this summer (:
Fishing Rod Racks or Holders make good Christmas presents.
I Love Jordan Benker Because he is my mom.
I'm about to go to bed soon..
ok just leaving the zoo omg so tired :-(((
tonight! #MeltingPot welcomes back at ! upstairs lounge. 7PM. music, moving, and mayhem.
last full week of school
Thanks for the RT on April 25th! I'm so late, but still wanted to say thanks!
Can not wait to workout tomorrow! Drank way too much beer on this vacation haha.
It's going to be another gorgeous day in Boston tomorrow! We open at 10am for brunch.. See you on the patio!
Thanks for a fantastic unconference!
I hate people bye
I am a huge fan of your art work I love it all
Took the #kindle back and bought myself an #iPad xD
Looking up crap about ukulele's. and I just learned it's "Ukulele" not "Ukelele" .. woops. lol you ? [:
RT : “The best way to make a fire with 2 sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.” Will Rogers
it really was!!! lol
Im gonna be driving to school tomorrow!
that annoying moment when you realize you miss someone who you shouldn't be missing ... </3
Me and my babe were shopping at Walmart for like 3 hours smdh
The EYP committee to help plan our annual Oscar® Party is meeting for the first time tonight.
Fitta! hope all is good with you! :)
what about "see you in hell, sucker!"
Meteor break is over. Saw one good one! Time to put the kid to bed and then back to #readathon!
Really just killed that paper ! Let's get this night started tho
Dont touch my hair
Eastward bound!
Thanks! #club963 “: nice job with the skrillex it's about time that hit the radio!”
finally gonna learn how to use Smart Board technology
In other news: Yay, I submitted my grades! Disappearing tomorrow for a long weekend in a one-room cabin on the dunes of Cape Cod.
right now we are focusing on C&D waste recycling so we will not be attending! Hope it goes well, though!
I'm way behind in keeping up my tweet credentials, just haven't been in the tweet mood, plus I've been busy. Anyways, Happy Easter. :) ♥'s
I used the "sound enhancer" tool on iTunes and now all of my music sounds like Blue Man Group. :(
Love the high speed shots in this
you're so picky.
“: Man F*CK the Jets”calm that down son
I'm in 💘 with life❕
Oh, wow, I remember seeing that in Austin's Dobie theater ages ago. It was a fun movie.
the train is cheap, gets you tower city (~20min ride), but you'd have to walk to the hotel from there ~15-20min
your really good :) follow me & maybe do a shout out for me :D
You should therefore have, at hand, the cash to keep the shop running for about six months
Oh, glad to see we're all back!
Such a fucking idiot I swear.. Im getting back to my #NT roots except this time imma have bitchs in line for the kicks..
That was pretty :) I liked the cool garage door in the beginning too!
Omg!!! I didn't see that coming!!!
chilling out side in the sun awaiting an awesome #BBQ cuz the weather here in #MAINE is so beautiful
Every thing should be a deal...visit www.hometownmeal.com and see for yourself. Star saving today from local restaurants. #restaurant #f ...
Sometimes playas get lonely too
Rep. Michele Bachmann says she is officially a candidate for GOP nomination for president
agreed...many questions. Probably questions we shouldn't get into on twitter haha
ohh that's good (;
You can only really appreciate the new music if you have a listen to the old, go to www.artistdavidadams.com music coming guys GET READY!!!
So I'm way to back to Miami form Orlando and I think I just passed tour bus... it said JET SET on the side, am I wrong?
dnt say that
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THE #MIAMI #MARLINS' SEASON TO BEGIN!!!
belligerence at its finest
yes sir! I'll hit you tomorrow broski
Ick, nothing's loading tonight. Guess that means I should go to bed. Night all!
will do! What's a good time/day?
Who said we haven't?
ah you're so full of love!! Haha!! Love it!! I was watching ur vids on the other day. I loved the Russian ones.
Need your boarding pass printed securely? Send to we'll show you how in the delight booth #Xerox hall 8b
I can't wait until I get mine!!!!!!
#NowFollowing <R E T W E E T>yah_J
punk'd ?
julesrlavin Are you one of her followers?
bring back nachos
selling a 5 burner gas cooktop and a single wall oven, both work perfectly, call/text if you're interested 619-840-1144
" For the purposes of this essay, we will refer to him as Carl."
She loves those middle cheddar gerber puffs.
Mexican cartel dumped 49 headless body's on the side of the road in Mexico. Wow.
Like my man says once u go black u never go back,, boy is my nigg right..
Most Churchgoers are "Blind Followers" Never even read the bible before.
I just dissed a shrimp etouffee recipe on Foodista.com. Should I feel ashamed? It called for CORN!!
Thank you for opening my eyes
I'd like to welcome my boy to the twitter community. R-O-C-K in the USA.
Oh, so you do still exist. Hi. I miss having you in my life.
LOVE YOU BRYANA.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 24
Celebrated International Women's Day by moving in with my gay bestie and doing all my own renovations. Yay 2012!
Urban Garden Notes: I am so thankful for the soaking rain last night & this morning in south Gwinnett.
My heart bleeds for huge publishers who can't afford to update their blacklists to new formats
Homework gives me so much fucking stress
Let's do it!!! Call me when you get into town...
I wanna b the girl who makes u happy after uve cried I wanna b the one u hold when ur cold I wanna b the things that gets you up every day
There IS a noticeable yellow dot in lower right corner of display. Also, it appears to lose signal strength when held.
just twitter & google+ for me now, deactivated my facebook account again and plan to probably keep it that way for awhile..
Really not sure what to make of the nutty Seattle snow predictions. Will it really happen & cripple the city? I have lots of wine in case...
Pretty good! How about you??
✌ Pass it on.
Haha the Rays walk Josh and Adrian comes up and hits a 3 run homer!! #Karma!!
I am right now buying 50's StreetKing drink and I just liked the SK Facebook page! do the same thing to help 50cent feed 1 billion children
Hi girls! The woman I'm meeting has not shown up, can I join yr group 2day? 610.513.7032
RT : Peyton manning, gone. Not surprised but it's kinda sad. He built lucas oil stadium and has done so much for the indy!
why are you always hating on ja man i mean albums don't really matter no more if a bad album like C4 sells over 970k in the first w
RT : Delicious, tender Roasted Beef in Sauerbraten Dinner, spectacular horseradish potato cake; then...Apple Strudel!
Curious... All of you ditching Ning, where are you migrating your social networks?
hope to get some cycling in tomorrow
catching fire is my bible
Nice meeting you, ! Your perspective on auto and tablet markets influencing each other was interesting. Great panel!
it's mad crazy in here this week. we've got 2 sites launching plus in the morning + in afternoon. insanity bounds :)
Saturday night in... Which means reading and watching Friends.
Could Nene be a Net within the next month? Him and Brook Lopez would become a nice front court combo! I do not like Tyson Chandler as much!
“: in LA's defense, the thunder played a perfect game. that wont happen again” thats what she said lol
He tells me to believe in jesus/And steals the money from my hand/Some say he was a good man/But lord I think he sinned--POISON
Still, and always, looking for beats! Send what you got to All kinds accepted!
...and maybe even hold your hand...just for a little
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
Supplication by Russian River is on its way to !
If #Weed got u runnin ya mouth, u better blow dat shit out!!
Amen. RT I don't care what his stats are, I just can't draft in #FantasyBaseball. I refuse to do it.
no doubt for a fraction they must've rejected in past from yahoo, amazon and others
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline @ John Nolen. Ramp to John Nolen closed. The EB Beltline may be closed, too. Avoid Area.
Recording some new stuff w/
Fantastic performances tonight!! Tune in tomorrow night for more massive music steamed LIVE!!! Peace out!
that was the doing of previous ownership. We're more than making up for it with fall 12.
I just put horseradish on my salad..I eat the weirdest food combinations... (:
Thanks Kelly for fighting the good "no bikes on red" fight. Gives me hope. A little.
First game of a doubleheader against the Rangers. Don't lose by 27 this time, please.
I wish you luck in the Amazon Breakthrough award. I wil enter next year when my book is done.
babygirl have you moved?! Can I see you!?
Is anyone else's gmail loading extremely slow?
RT : well it looks like i'm gonna get to keep my yearly coachella tradition going by not going!
I voted.
#ILove Just hanging out with friends!
Congratulations to all those who did the Brooklyn Half Marathon today.
Congrats to Jered Weaver for capping off a great sports night with a no hitter!!!
Maclin had a silly week
So hair did vegas u aint ready its goin dwn
What good choices are you making this weekend?? Choices are endless,, BE CHOOSEY!!!
javier won the voice hell yeah
You're allowed to have an opinion, but if it involves Niall Horan being 'ugly' then you're wrong.
its past ur bedtime old man. Hit the hay!
wait who? I don't want a crazy night tonight and would prefer to not have to clear up....
Hope you enjoyed the game!
OK, so I didn't remember to register by last night. Can I still do so on Friday morning?
Lol RT : Overheard "do you have to be gay to have some?" "i hope they know we aren't together" "for ice cream we are"
"The Penguins are just 20 minutes away from golfing." from NBC Sports - Go Flyers !!
Thanks Lisa! I'm sure they'll be running highlights all day today whilst St. Louisans rejoice in the streets! :)
Even though the penguins didn't parade we still had a great albeit cold time. Kept warm by ducking in the aviary.
is "Loving your neighbor" calling them a "Slut"??? Would Jesus have done that? You make a mockery of Jesus and faith.
100 FOLLOWERS?!?!?!?!?! yall rock!!!!!! =D thank you SO much for following us & we'll keep posting vids & letting yall know whats going on!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU TO :)
you are a mean person. just saying
Man Hopefully Soon.. Just Kinda ReGroupin..Buildin
lol that's what u get
RT #TheWalkingDead. Don't like Andrea, but feel bad for her. Stuck with no help. Probably regrets those times she wished to be on her own.
Chipotle uses local fresh produce to be socially responsible but their customers only care that the burrito is big.
From Ridiculous Biz Lingo dictionary: "Bleeding-edge": more current than cutting-edge. Reserved 4 the most novel (hyped) technologies.
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, and they're the problem.
Making a legitimate effort to stay on the tweetwagon this time.
My band is playing HOUSE OF BLUES in downtown San Diego Friday March 4th at 9pm ..pre-sale Tickets will be available tomorrow for 5 Dollars!
Damn I miss miss my brother. Only the good die young. Rest easy.
I have a shocking confession to make to my professional library connections.
Hey #Syracuse, how about less offensive rebounds and more made baskets.
WELL DESERVED! Of course you are missed in Grenoble but can't wait to hear all the good news!
not sure how you found this dime but thank you thank you thank you. :-)
I'm home already -_- lol RT Good luck! ": Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!"
Days. 12 days. Not minutes. Sorry folks!
#BOYFRIEND will be big! beliebers go hard :)
Good night everyone! Here comes another day without power! :'(
Looking forward to lots of #GreekUnity on Saturday....
I love Madison ~ Maricarmen
#reasonsThatImSingle females are more interested in my stock options & how much is in my IRA rather than my favorite color. It's blue.
putting plan together! Keep your files and be ready. Funding meeting collection!
Amazing campus Womans University w/ excellent welcome by President. To great partners w/ ! We hope to visit again soon.
you are ready to book?
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me for my birthday!
Her daughter, 7, autistic, wandered away and drowned—so Lauren Sackman, of Clovis, wants alerts out ASAP when a disabled child disappears.
Ok and now the sun's out. Wonder if this means a storm this afternoon will be a doozie.
Just drove past my ex's dad.... Awkward. He stared me down with the death glare....
watching bruins playoff highlights from last year to make myself feel better about things. works every time!
Happy High Five Tuesday!
seriously ACM's? A wedding... This is the dumbest show evah...
Some things in life just don't need to be told to everyone.....Keep it in the tri.
I am sleeping right now call me at 1230. This is an auto response. Please do not respond to this text. Thanks zee
Lucky By Jason Mraz !
DMV tomorrow. Fun times, *sarcasm
If Monday had a face I would punch it
lol sounds exciting. Bar graph knowledge will come in handy? At some point? perhaps?
Are you following any of our media sponsors? , , , , ,
yes, their fine.
“: mornging...had a ball lastnight #extra”>>>Yes Twin!! #GoodTimes 😁
Man I cant fug wit a bitch wit low standard.......
Our Pastor's sermon Ambrose mentioned Factoryo'Sadness, at least the Browns gave you more material & fans if nothing else!
thanks suggested a puppy party last week :)
The DWF office is closed today (10/10) in observance of Columbus Day. See you tomorrow!
I took a cold shower which helped. Hopefully it stays this way. I never get sick but one time a year
That they are probably right... :/
Good times tonight! Don't know how you manage to watch and tweet. Hope to see you in the dance.
What's happening??? Not a damn thing! Stop asking me what's happening twitter! Geez... lol
Respect. I'm Navy personally. Why Army?
Just because you made a rap does not make me wanna vote for you.
Interested in a FREE trail of #MyLivePD online coaching? Stop by booth #909 & ask how to get started!
Amber rose must got that good good made kanye go crazy n got wiz wanting to marry her thats wats up yo!
felicitaciones ganadora de Contest #WEPA! It was a pleasure meeting you at
I guess in the minority. I love my glossy mags. I prefer good content over fluff
Thank you for shoutouts Joe Dunham and all our great tweeters!
hi missed you<3
Are you a CS major with a passion for #opendata? Socrata has opened another summer software engineering internship.
I'm going to sleep,sweet dreams everyone.
back from Expo West - great trade show for the Nutritional industry
I'm so over the madness. How dare you Missouri?
My favorite first name on the Bookshop door: Egmont. Favorite last name: Challenger. That's Egmont Arens and Christine Challenger.
On second thought what did happen last night
what up?
Your kids have waited all week for TODAY (Wednesday)! *Kids Eat Free* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! We'll see you here!
In the past 24 hours, about 60 DFW small business have followed me. Not complaining... but...
u know a lot of recruits say one reason why they come to Ky is because of the #BBN now if they truly mean that I don't know!
YES YOU DO.
Tempted to put weave in my head just until my hair finishes going through this ugly phase lol
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just ask me :)
give me a song? Wait lemme think
. I think about when i think about this. tap into why you're a librarian, why you choose to be here.
Thanks guys for the RT"s today, really appreciate it!
Accidentally breaking a shelf in the fridge and shattering a Worcestershire bottle is one way to spend an evening...
when #stiles punched i fell more in love with which i didnt think was possible. #crushin #teenwolf !!!
haha, i guess so. it's crazy...
Looking forward to Rack opening in Fremont next week.
Wanted: IT Recruiter, at least 4 years exp in tech recruiting. (in Philly). OST is growing. Again.
Hope Everyone has a Great Christmas. Look forward to lots of new clients and projects in the new year!!
Yo girl she like me!.
nah it's true. Professor says I can take It later though. Thank god for that!
Super busy with our setup but it's going really well. Can't wait to see Taleo10 in action!
hahah .... Yeah okay, in aure theres plenty of other people there that can make you happy
- He said he gon make me his... i told him he can try ! Uma have to let you read the messages ... ihts too much for twitter!
Dear human SUVs of #SXSW. Yes, it's raining. And crowded. Yet it's still possible to share the sidewalk.
how does it work economically? people donating to the trip? or actually selling blogs/podcasts/other media?
Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.
I think I have ADD
instant replay is not the answer... Umpire accountability is...
My Performance Went GREAT BTW
Rt if you love me haha even though we have never met
Roberto: look at the scoreboard! RT Sir Alex: Get off of my yard!
#IHate whip cream . it's the most disgusting this ever .
I'm sure we will, it's gonna be a huge party!!
Follow back?
You should be able to build up sleep reserves to draw on in the lean times. Like fat reserves for a famine.
That is priceless. OMG.
Laying down with you so close to me. It's hard to fight these feelings when it feels so hard to breathe. <3
I had an amazing morning! I really don't want to leave Daytona though :( I want to stay so bad :/
If this is what it would be like if we were married, I would be happily married. :).
It's Thursday Night Bluegrass night featuring Joe Overton & Friends (9:00). See you there!
Who's down for on Thursday?
OK, better answer: start > type "adjust commonly used mobility setting". Look for the Fn key lock.
#NathanFact he has the cutest cat ever.
Dear wack "artists": Quit making music already, your shit effen sucks.
I love my freinds. Their so fun!!!
Thank you to all of our new followers! See you at the #AfricanArtsInThePark Festival, Aug 11 & 12, Point State Park, Pittsburgh PA
Ok, everyone please pay attention - The switch will be turned "ON" on Saturday. Just watch - Heat in FIVE - Trust me -reg season means nada
exactly! ...wait
haha no guilt. Probably shouldn't spend the money anyway
It would have been entertainment
It's ON! How about this Wednesday?
If John Berry was really UMD's first choice for our commencement speaker, I can't help but feel like it was kind of forced/gimmicky.
I want my blue jersey.
Good Morrow To You & No Problem.. Enjoy thy day ...
#QBM11 Christmas music is officially synced and ready to go. One step closer....2 days to go!!!
Milverines don't hibernate!
Gonna be a good day - lunch with my dad then hitting the links at the LVCC with him and 2 of his friends - a good day indeed :)
wish I were in Pittsburgh right now!!!!!
Soon come
Exactly one more week until my 20th birthday🎉🎈🍺
is Mia Talerico your real daughter or related to you? you two look so much alike :)
thanks man! Glad u checked us out! Help us spread the word n keep in touch dude!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 40
Glad to see there is still some "old" Little Italy left. Got panino at Alleva & building above had elderly lady leaning out to watch crowd.
Listening to Florence + Machine
I want to munch on brad pitts brain
THANK U HE IS A GREAT BABY
thee truth! RT: By changing nothing, nothing changes.
Heading to tonight with the DCi team for the Showstopper launch party. God I need a nap before then.
No doubt! Hope you all have a great time tonight.
: She proved never let anyone tell you, you can't do it or make it!
he be str8!
i believe... U just need to change ur expectation of what amazing looks like
I wish I was seeing you in August :'(
Sometimes you need something to brighten the often dull sheen of life. This thing is called alcohol.
Too many words are put together for the sake of a lie.
Going to pick up my laptop :) & hanging w my lover Danny
Finished up our video shoot for our new web site. :-)
Today's the day. 6 hours and counting!
Fat ass people come to peter pipers and im like stop you're already fat why eat pizza?
#Fact: I really do enjoy doing paperwork.
Japanese web site coming soon...SOH GOOD...
Your real nature is pure Consciousness. You can experience it by withdrawing your identification with the three material bodies.
The feeling is mutual! :) RT : so phsyced to be on Ur soundtrack!!... ;)
MT : poll- DC's bag bill -- 78% of businesses reported positive or no impact and 75% of residents using fewer bags.
10 more followers until 200 follow me i follow back
Don't ask me to follow you , I'll follow you if I WANT TO !!
Taxes, especially when fair & progressive, are a sound investment in our shared lives and future. Gripe about regressive taxes.
Great day blue skies!
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayoo, taste the rainbow
Michigan v UVA- check. I think that I have a ticket. Should we check with or or @???Monty?
Happy Easter to u, and your family!
Thats like.. My favorite song<3
I hate weekends. All I do is work.
it just won't be the same for my wife if she doesn't see him or a flyer of him with his shirt off
#KPOP Concert at #Google on May 21st!!! SO EXCITED~!!
I want some #pi!
Thanks for following us!
Happy leap day! Leap on over to SCC-Grand Avenue & you just might get a lil' "extra something"!
simple, but delish!
looking at your post what classes are you teaching
new song lighters remix
Never assume that someone loves you by their sweetness. Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored.
I am going to root for Rangers and Mike Adams in the playoffs
3 classes for 20 dollars don't miss out Come take a class Now!
The least you could do is give me an explanation!!!!
Most people want to be rich, but only when its convenient.
Coke + yoga + Cubs + friends + smiling
Sound Shore Hospital once again, I bet the nurses are tired of seeing me by now
Q3. I log on to Facebook to check on people's statuses and on Twitter to find giveaways and news and fun stuff.
do you do any off-site fondue rentals? Wondering for the usual inquiries we seem to get.
hey could you follow me please you sang at my school and you were amazing:)
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thank you Jesus for blessing us with much needed rain!
You should host a webinar to help people to understand the difference.
Hell yes its dana delany bitches :)
Open Tomorrow At 11am For All NCAA Games! Open St. Patrick's Day At 9:30am!
Haven't tried any of the products, but I did like the Gossip Girl card.
w Buckwheat The Jamez Anthony movement has begun Deija Jessica Quinton Storm(#teamStorm) #Beddroc in the building WHOOP!!
haha i feel like his 4th qtr project is gunna be a bigger whore then this one was
Congrats to my birth state. #Four Ohio
We're so excited to have you!
Can't wait for the game on Friday :) go VCU!
#bizforum Insightful and poetic :)
Great theatrical agent workshop with Howard Talent West and Susan Nathe & Assoc. Fun feedback and great info on each agency!
yo what up lets link up los angeles to london
Sometimes love comes around , and Knocks You Down ..
well it is a couple of generations but yes it's pretty big! I love those names..and I'll try to !(: I'll post pics all day!
manages to filter the hilarious from the funny and the vital from the viral
and we haven't even brought up Steve Winwood yet...
I feel like my best friend and his girlfriend just broke up...
Going to chillis if anyone wants to join. Celebrate
I promise you .. ask DGood and Brenae
Definitely. Having a background auto save in PS will be a lifesaver for people who don't always remember to save (like me lol)
Why does a squirrel swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry
I found a place I like (aside from this very moment when school as left out,fml) and there's 3 open networks. All are SLOW
I don't know how to take it when girls come on to strong, it throws me completely off. lol
I'm confused what ur tweeting me now. Is this what passes for writing over at Coltszilla? Stop talking about ur kids.
Ode to the many devices crafted to reach the light pull in the hallway.
Two words people. Dixie chicks!
you owe me one computer monitor...
Yeah! : Best waffles in Austin: Hands down.
RT : Wow. Thanks for your creativity #aam2012. Fabulous participation at our session today
School is so boring the teachers make u want to fall asleep
Do you 'heart' your hybrid car? Or have you found it not to be a good ROI? Discussion this morning.
Honest to God, downtown Sioux Falls, I just drove past a lady power-walking, handheld weights and all, with a parrot on her shoulder.
you're here!!! But you're already pregnant!
just thought i would let you know! Lol Cuz i know some LongLasters tht stalk ur page!
IT'S OFFICIAL: I'M A FEMINIST AND I'M ANGRY. SUCK IT UP OR I DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!
Sounds like your fav place.. Klotsche RT“: Judge judge judge. Tools tools tools. Cutoffs cutoffs cutoffs”
Cant wait to leave! So for once in my life a nigga can breath...
Iceland is so beautiful. You'll love it there. Eat lobster bisque at Saegreifinn. And spend a day at the Blue Lagoon. :)
Showing my sister the video diaries and she loves how funny is <3 :)
Busto in 21st, AQs no good vs A7s. He made a flush on the river.
sup homes
Feeling like bait in this fucking Cardenas.
I ALLWAYS wrap my banana (;
That kid was amazing. I love how it was just a tshirt, too. It's like asking if your socks are too wrinkled
Ain't No Mountain High Enough
well put! going to RT! Would you like to have a look at our prayer-app? It's here: www.birdofprayer.org
Does any student have a guitar they can bring to #DECALDA today?
Just took off my #Tebow jersey to put on my Bama jersey, Roll Tide!
#Vegas is ready....are you? There is no way to prepare for the nonsense that is about to occur
So hungry. OH MY GOD
late night talks where you confess everything >
Don't talk that way about Louis.
Security World: Cloud Daily News
Using #socialmedia to bring awareness around budget cuts for #LBGT youth in NY
i was literally copying/pasting this as i saw this come in. wayne coyne is a such a nice. this is saying something…
In 2007 there were over 1.9 million black owned businesses in the United States with average gross per business at about $72,000 per year.
#FOLLOWERS TELL YA #FOLLOWERS TO #FOLLOW ME
have a safe trip to NYC Cliff...Keep us updated on wats next!!
Well, if you're gonna sing 'Undone (The Sweater Song) - Weezer...it might as well be out of tune.
Yeah man it was new starting April 20th. That was the last hiatus for the show bro. All new episodes to the finale in May.
Got most of my Easter goodies for my family done :))
- Congrats Ariel!! Blessing to your wife,you and your new son!
RT #Taurus like weird, unique people/stuff
i better find u lol
We made it to El Paso, maybe half way more until tonights destination.
I'm not worried about the first half. Kansas is a second half team. Can Uk adjust to KU adjustments will be the key
The wait is over. Who's ready to hear all of our hard work?
It may not be official yet, but my relationship wiff my kitty is getting pretty serious.
KKTNY tonight can't wait!
#DidYouKnow – Krysia Zajonc ’12 is launching , an incubator for #sustainable #food and
Our Town Council mtg starts at 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria. Verizon Tower reps return, and Kath Rogers presents on CASE initiative.
Hey, singles and non-family couples, when you go to the grocery store, do you use a cart or a basket? A boring and non-scientific survey.
Dang ICED COFFEE done wired me again! I need to go to sleep!!!
im serious:)
awesome. Thank you!
Today some Journal making, bookmaking, and embelishing, this may take a few days!
I don't think there is anything more useless than the "Power Rankings", which is basically a slight twist on the actual standings.
thanks for The MMQB its just not Monday without it! Reading material during speech class:-)
you were probably like wtf? Yes ask
Getting ready for some exciting Q2 announcements. What would you like to see from New Home Feed?
downtown will probably be crazy today
finally carving pumpkins. :)
yep! Always something on this interstate :/
CANT WAIT 2 C U GUYS NEXT WEEKEND IN VEGAS AT THE "BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS"........!!!!!!!
Thanks Y'all!!!
absolutely love your profile pic.
Fish could've done that
Thanks for all of your help this year along with the rest of the Hawks PR team. Take care and Have a great summer!
Amazing shot!!! Thanks SO MUCH for being such an awesome fan, dancing in the front row & for singin every word!!! +VP
I WAS RIGHT!
You couldn't walk a mile off in my air forces if you from where I'm from gotta get it how you live
Wish I could lay out or sleep in today both sound amazzinggg
A very special thank you to all of our followers we reached 300!
not smoother than Ciroc
You don't need anything. You're fine by yourself. Maybe, if you take a break from twitter. you'll find who you really are.
1st time students able to work together cooperatively - no behaviors and/or meltdowns using ULS life skills activity
I speak Korean, though I'm not as fluent as my wife and mother-in-law. Would love a copy if you still have one.
Peace may cost as much as war, but it is a better buy.
Good morning. Technology can be a slow adventure. Keep the music going...
Broncos on a 2game slide need next week's game like a fat kid needs chocolate ...
Okay so I'm making a picnik college of Austin if u wanna be in it tweet me a picture ( ONLY) 29 ppl can (:
thanks so much! i figured it out, but this tool will be great for my personal account :)
1st time @ a silent dance party tonight. Group was rocking to trance, me to Mimoo's All I Want For Christmas Is You on loop. AWESOME
Drake should tell her how he really feels about that performance.
God is good God is good!
My god, it smells good out side!
put her business card in the bowl and actually won. Free Japanese lunch time!
Do I need to have the box for something to #return it at #Walmart ??? Inquiring minds need to know
lol *ben& u moment* did she think u were a fruit loop?:3
any chance you want to bring me and your textile binder for us to "look over" ?
Why doesnt the volume on my tv work?! And NO its not on mute
the CHK response appeared to be authored by Sarah Palin: blame the elite liberal media! Absolutely Pathetic,
I must tell Jesus all of my trials; I cannot bear these burdens alone; In my distress He kindly will help me...
Watching #BattlestarGalactica. Just finished episode 5 and still on the fence. What do you think? Stick it out?
Q1 Rise above office gossip. Be a peacekeeper and be friendly to staff at all levels.
Good Morning! Joe David is here and let the cooking begin! Keep your eye on the pictures of all the meals I make! I'm so excited!!! :)
Hope to see you here again soon, Robin! Have a great week!
Multiple accounts can be a problem. Do you make it mandatory? Does SM fall apart when it stops being social?
Where my #FilmgirlForce Girls at?
I am such a sucker for rockumentaries.
Next morning, so I presume u already had answers like Dropbox.
Loving u is so easy.
I honestly think they will. Best lineup from top to bottom I've seen in a while. Josh Hamilton aint playin' this season.
Ok Marlo- Let's NOT leave our bag in the sacristy at church-
In the money
Its : and I just came back a hour ago 
Trying to finalize 2 websites in next 2 days: Hispanic Entrepreneurs of Wisconsin and MilwaukeeBlackInfo. Go MAM5ive!
isn't it a bit early for that? Nah...
what'd she say?
Hit Sarah up! ☺
Not a Pitino fan but tired of Izzo being comfortable in his skin.
24 S01E08: Bauer's daughter is still alive! She escapes every possible near death experience including an execution!
Visiting Thornhill FLA executive tonight in my capacity as #LPCO Central Region president
thanks for the tweet icon!
Tough loss for Had to lose sometime. Still the best thing going!
RIP Whitney Huston
Doing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
CL : ( i need his address to file a small court claim. did an intellius. moves around alot
1)Someone like you 2)Rolliong in the Deep 3)Set Fire to the Rain 4)Call me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen 5)Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye
Elk Bratwurst today! Try my new Blueberry, Chipotle n Garlic ketchup, and Red Onion, and Garlic Aioli
Check out and for coverage of the debacle in Oakland tonight as the retire Chris Mullin's number. Wow.
Just when they want u back some1 else will be glad they let u go give your love to those that want u in their life not the 1 that gave u up
Gonna take it again tonight with the podium tonight OTB 15 rounds
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you
can't yo. just can't
Gettin' my Daytona 500 on..Finally!;)-My boy Trev Rev sees the race and says 'Daddy-I wanna Go Fast(Our lil Ricky Bobby moment!;)..
I would like a follow back. I would be able to cross off "friends with snoop" from my bucket list.
I love the way you break down the game of basketball......very refreshing!
Hardest decision to make when packing for regionals; which teddy bear to bring.
Fav' Movie Coming On :)
Does this involve exchanging bicycles for tacos, and if so, where can I do this locally?
I have a deep appreciation for math jokes,
Hooray for being the new Art & Culture Editor for !
MAJOR outage again affecting majority of biz class customers in LC area. ETA 1-2hrs.
ALL Peeps are special Peeps. And oh so delicioso....
yea sure i will share both as soon as i can tomorrow !!! =)) but you have to make me something delicious ! lol jk
We could have really used Barron :(
hey love
#oprah lol Bobby..there's only 1 Oprah
thanks, Mikal. How goes things on your end?
Your phone service sucks look thanks love and miss you! RT I have to call u back lol but happy day of birth.
hello, can you please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend! Pls
Softball: Clackamas' Melissa Noble hits walk-off two-run single for 4-3 win over Canby in 9 innings on Cavs' senior day.
Haha wow! RT : What if air is poisonous, and it just takes 80 years to kill us?
Goji is good!
Cozy bed+fan+music=amazing night.
PICK ME FOR PHOTO PRINTS
same to you!
's Go Bears! Go Patriots!
just thought i'd randomly ask... how are ya kimmi? :D
Miss u old combination Taco Bell-KFC. RT : DC: where is good to eat quickish near Black Cat?
saw Rango yesterday. I dont think that is a kids movie, but thats just me...
and im praying for her. but they are making it sound really bad.
oh you party animal
If you're in the #Milwaukee area and you want to help with the #RonPaul campaign message me
Come in. Get lost.
Northern Ohio, keep on the lookout. EdCamp Cleveland planning is under way. We can't wait to head north for a day.
I don't believe in myself.
“: If you see someone without a smile, give 'em yours! :)” :)
There's too much focus on doing a lot, rather than doing a few things really well.
don't take it wrong, the new you is great, I just like pink better.
Baby steps, but that ain't bad.
I went from starving to completely stuffed....wehh. I feel like im gonna burst! :/
that was a.nice 6 hour nap
Had a chance to catch streaming little of the twitter conference #140conf at Syracuse University #140cuse - good content shared
Guess you'll be registering, then! Let me know if it's worth it...
I am so ready for the weekend. Already. Seriously. I foresee I pitcher (or 2) or margaritas with my name on it/them. Yep yep yep.
please explain.
these VMR wheels got me thinking
Yes sir buddy! We need to get AY and BY on Twitter! Imagine that. Ha ha.
who's watching the Golden Globes on NBC?
For every life that is taken one is given and to whom much is given much is expected. Love LIFE it's too precious to lose.
Groupon is a situationist spectacle enacting the absurdity of recursively alienated consumption and labor.
GO ED!!! SUPPORT G SHARP (KING OF OKLAHOMA), OKLAHOMA'S GREATEST URBAN ARTIST!!
#WhyIsSBKLIVE so live?
Happy to be with her! : ) she makes me realize that life is too amazing to waste. Happy to be back.
hey at least we were there, where was ur team that time of year ? Huh ?
Big week, house is getting painted, oh and my one and only child is leaving for college, no biggie!
Oh, its a game/application type of thingy...
send a video email to your new customer thanking them for their business!
fuck yes. It's gonna be epic
'Like' this post if you're amped for the weekend. Share it if you're celebrating with us.
In our national politics, I'd like to see less "our way or nothing" and more "E Pluribus Unum".
new image. preparing for version 3.0
fasho bro let me kno how its sounding when u get a chance
RT : 405 years ago today VA Co. explorers landed Jamestown to establish America’s first permanent English colony?” // wow!
Turn to You is just perfect.
Way to be Awesome! Love your interview with David Gaider!
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. If you need a site designed email me for details.
Rose is already back. They're playing the Mavs right now and are WINNING!!! Bulls will take the East, I'm bettin' on it!!!
This is no time for jokes RT rome said he can beat you one round in sfxt!
As much as I want to agree with you, I'm pretty sure this would be their fourth chance.
The Mega Millions is the main event, but I think I will add high buy-in main event on the next series, per player request
Ah , you make traffic not suck so bad.
Best night i've had in alongg time. I love my friends
damn jay it will be kool nigga
marry Christmas bro.
Ha i remember when i couldn't wait to get to the high school.
got to play above board! Plus we know who are followers & active tweeps are! Cmon Son!
At what point does a muffin top become a whole muffin? Because what I just saw would make Betty Crocker retire.
I am this thunder and lighen got me scaredd
WAR ON CHRISTMAS. MT : "Jingle Bells" is a hot rod song, not a Christmas song. Its true progeny is "Little Deuce Coupe"
I hope you liked it cause she's so damn easy (:
owww , you don't care we says , beacuse it's a problem. everbody have a problem . now its normal uhh :/
Thanks for the follow!
#AskRomney Do you like big butts? Can you not lie? Can you other brothers not deny?
Cold sun in autumn is my favorite.
there you go.
i live in chicago. lol
#iconfess that sometime I chew people out while smiling at them in traffic.
i hope my girls have the stomach to educate those who don't understand how health insurance or the pill works
find what???
runn to your charger!!!!!(:
Beach town in ecuador, how does that sound?
Life is like playing cards .You gotta take the hand your dealt and make it a winner.
You'd better tell your story fast
#Goldrush needs a counter like #deadliestcatch. Hoffman Crew: 70 ounces, Dakota Boys: 67 ounces, Parker: 30.4 ounces
We will announce our 2 winners of our twitter contest for free conference passes to #MWUX12 at 11a ET, Monday. Are you ready?
Its hit or miss with me..
House cleaning, breakfast making, podcast listening
Hahahahahaha RT : OMG! SHE JUST THREW UP ON HER FRIEND!!! Ewww. Her friend is DEF sober now.
what to know if you lived in the Atl
Walking in a crazy ass storm with
you obviously dont listen if you still think it has to do with standards or even you
RT : I don't know why everyone keeps talking about how old Plummer is. He's Capt Von F'ing Trapp and he'll RIP YOUR NAZI FLAG...
Any rumors out there that Boras pulled a Gillooly on Victor Martinez? I'm just saying, that injury certainly helped Price
Today me and my sister were slapping our a** ;) anyone want to join
I'm on that old shit, running through my hood like a maniac/
Exactly. Trust in the man. It'll be all good in the end.
yes sir!!Go Spurs Go
please feel free to whack them 4 or 5 times for me, too!
Watching my favorite sponge!!!! 
CC: COMMENTS SECTION RT THINKING OF TYPING ALL IN CAPS TODAY. TRYING IT OUT.
First thunderstorm of he year <3333
Have an amazing day!!
bitch I'm in the 212 with the 5th cocked nigga, it's the two one zoo. fuck you gon do?
yeah, definitely disappointing but it was a great game! Glad TCU has our backs. :)
I travel to Columbia June 9th to speak at a book club It is a lof of fun!
And of course PGA Championship
.yes he needs to. so says all of the other men in the world.
good point. NO idea, you should tell.
What is wrong with me??????? It's 7:55! smh
That 1 person who argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class..
#JamesTweet Shout out to a chance to finally have some at
"You keep your distance with a system of touch, and gentle persuasion."
they cannot bring you down if they tried. you already know why.
Suck what? A misplaced organ? Discombabulated soul.. May god have mercy on you :P
you're not going on younow any more or are you?
Just saying, you guys are incredible.
thnx for an informative presentation.
jealous! Work, pleasure or both?
I am embarrassed to be the same nationality as Palin, can't Alaska be it's own country?
Getting things going in the Madison at the inaugural Rise + Design with ! Get over here, designers!
My heart is racing so fast I don't like this feeling
Check out the cars that we have for sale and on display at the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino at www.autocollections.com
Come to the MD Historical Society for a Victorian Christmas Open House while you are out and about for the Monument Lighting!
Fab. Design Tip: Lighting should be flexible. Dimming is a great way to control how much light that you want.
Fair enough. Hope we can make it work. Xoxo
My day has been so packed that I can barely keep my eyes open. But I'm not done until at least 10 p.m.
When Bill Pullman is trending avoid silly questions like 'Why is Bill Pullman trending?'
Other than that, things are pretty okay!
#Education Budget Crisis: Cut Today and Lose Tomorrow
YES! will be covering some Beastie Boys.
I think someone hacked 's Twitter acct.
you're my inspiration♥ i made this account so i could support you ALOT more(: follow back&&make a dream come true?♥(:
Wish I could be at Wine & Dine this weekend - Roaring Dan is my FAVORITE GtLks spirit, especially since me name is Dan :)
No one is more truly helpless, more completely a victim, than he who can neither choose nor change nor escape his protectors.
... The feeling of knowing you have created something great that you can't wait to share with the masses = Priceless
If your gf/bf "needs space" and you give it, congratulations that will be the last thing you ever give before they're banging someone else.
LOL Meow-burp... taste like chicken!
You're welcome ;) & good to hear! ^^ But I've to go now so talk later! ♥
lucky charm
Snap backs and and sperries
the sepalcure self-titled has been blowing my mind. really amazing work!
Bonfire social event with Beta Iota bros!! Thanks for hosting Bre!
Blue...Day 1...The Tunnel...
where can I send you some info about our startup?
He is forcefully recruiting little children into the LRA a.k. a the army that he created.
First bell, second bell.
RIP Shadow waddo my precious baby boy be at peace and w/o pain I love you... 3.12.03~1.10.10
If you voted for the first time today, so, how was it?
I was agreeing with your tweet, you harldeys know me and your giving me crap back of, i sent a tweet that's all!
Getting ready to go live again with Interim GM Chad Buchanan and Interim Head Coach Kaleb Canales on TBTV.
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. -- Muhammad Ali
i've heard, but cannot help being skeptical. perhaps a tasting is in order.
life is good! Thx 4 asking, Andrea. Music is keeping me busy-full speed ahead, no brakes!
Setting up for the fashion show tonight! So excited to be a part of such a great event
Follow my new guitar store
No...not yet Monday homie...waz good
Loving the sunshine! This weekend looks amazing in the 80's :) wish I could take the whole week off and go to the
#CGMD12 check out my friend in Iowa and #iste12 rock star
Mass Relevance is hiring a Director of Finance (SaaS experience required)
Congrats! : It's official Twitterverse! I will join #NCI as a Cancer Prevention Fellow next year! I'm so excited!
playing iterated prisoner dilemma with the ghosts of the the actors who played Darrin on "Bewitched". Dick York is in ghost jail forever.
Many thanks to my great guests on #99JAMZCommunityVoices this am.Time for breakfast now.I'm making homemade biscuits for Dad who's visiting.
Gonna Watch a scurry movie. <3 .
hey Tony, its a Monday what can I say
Theo yu cool af but I honestly wasn't talking about yu more shit on my mind right now than arguing with you
At Church thanking god for this day!
We are destroyed and recreated in every moment, so time-based emotions like guilt and resentment are held against persons who do not exist.
kicked off a plane for saggy pants? I wish I could have seen that (; haha
I fell out of bed and hit my face on the table. Close to temple, next to eye. There's a bone there and that hurts! Scrape & bump. Funny.
I saw where she said her birthday was in 16 days.
Data centers is what we do! New or remodel.
not this time!
go on my page and click on the profile from the stuff that i was retweeting from earlier today.
Yay! Can't wait for a sunny #PHX weekend witchu &
Thanks, Stacey! Such a fun print - will have to show you the rest of the room soon!
On Monday, I will set foot in a university classroom for the first time in 10 years. Excited to begin a new chapter in my academic career.
You almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important, that without them, you feel like nothing.
RIP DECKO WE ALL LOVE YOU
back on my tweet game mane!
Oh we are totally headed to MFR but boyfriend is veggie gluten free so there probs isnt much he can eat. :/
At #LookMumNoHands London bike/coffee shop drinking cold beer because it is astounding hot in London.
Thanks Brian. How have you been?
UH no you dont. Look at me. Now that's hideousness.
You shouldn't be the primary (or secondary OR EVEN tertiary) contact for this crap. I wish I could give you a raise!
I hate Rondo idk why but I just do
Chooch Ruiz thrown out at home, trying to score from FIRST on a wild pitch. Really
The best thing about beta-testing (other than beta-testing) is bragging about it. The worst thing, the inability to brag about it.
