Something very cool about seeing planes flying over Wright Bros memorial ... Great symbol of American spirit!
updating calendar
about to clean the crib then go change the oil on the q
In short, asking questions, providing useful answers, and implementing them requires changing process not only improving tools.
Stay tuned for new music for a movie project... New R&B project... New Jazz project... And hitting' the road!
Robinson Crusoe, the first capitalist hero, just to say Carlos Fuentes.
Republican businessman Alex Cranberg, a big funder of scholarships, now testifying in favor of ASSET.
RT “ I wanna go for a walk in the park!!”
u bout to graduate tho so don't trip
Wish I had time to make an nfl draft big board. a few prospects i'm loving and a few that are ridiculously high.
haha i still miss you as my teacher! way better than these asshole professors
A heart attack at 36 sometimes begins with the sentence "Your AutoCAD files cannot be found."
Well, I do: "Poly" meaning "many" and "ticks" meaning "bloodsucking insects".
thanks! The run felt good. Not fast, just good.
Had 3 black girls threaten to beat up my coworker and I because of a store policy. Just another day at
No one is going to love you if you don't love yourself. Show Picture
Any #dog lovers out there? Tell me your training tips, best priced stores for supplies, tips for a 1st time owner. #CairnTerrierMix Thx!!
I have been so excited about #frozenplanet but finding out that narrates made it 1000% better.
": your Dr.J mug will be mine!" I think that belongs to
Do we need "better" inclusive, objective news resources?
Mourning the loss of John Hughes. He helped define my generation; his contributions to pop culture enhanced the memories of our youth.
#ThankaYouthWorkerDay Natl Youth Transitions Center & #mentalhealth professionals helping youth in transition
I just earned the Carrot Top badge on #Yelp!
I had so much fun at that church !!!
lmao that's the worst thing about your dilemma
TIP: Never buy in for more then you can afford to lose. Scared money dont make money is true. Money you need should never be on the table.
hey, businesses! bad communication sours the good feelings I have about you, while good communication makes me want to love you in writing.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 28, 2006 Chicago's oldest restaurant, the 107 year old Berghoff Restaurant closed today.
The stream will be offline this evening for server maintanence. We will be back online by 6am EDT. Thanks. - The Engineers of WSUPFL
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits you from discriminating in hiring
very true...didn't realize I was following negative folks until last couple of days.
Friends in DC? Send them to the LOC to hear Roberta Stevens speak about her tenure as ALA president at 4 pm today.
I'm feeling great this week!! Things are falling nicely into place :)
If the double firing is Lisa & Aubrey let me know so I can watch the show again!
thank you!
hahaha LOVE it! Hope you made your way over and tried one! So yum.
They do that every 2nd Sunday 10am.. food & money donations at anytime are appreciated .. esp at Cre3sol's open mic
We will be closed until noon today and may remain closed for the entire day. Sorry for any inconvenience.
THANK YOU for the FF! I hope that your weekend isEPIC! XO J
hope you save one of those bobbleheads for an old friend.
When you have a salad, don't add dressing, croutons etc. it totally ruins the point of being healthy! Make your own vinaigrette instead!
Merry Christmas all! Hope everyone is having a great day! Xx
im sittin in the bed bored with nothin to do?? Ugh..some one needs to save me.
Ok, it's decided, I'll be headed to Johnnie To's romantic comedy "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" at 7:30...tomorrow is a wild card yet.
So freaking hungry! But I'm going to starve myself for a couple more hours. Food disappears in under 10 minutes.. not a pretty sight! lol
Brady is riding her unicorn with a bold claim that the Rose Quarter will be the "most vibrant" part of Portland
Beaming Stars Community Center is Wishing you and your family a joyous Christmas and a blessed prosperous New Year!
Yu gave me a answer by not responding!!
White hot tilt 2 nights in a row in large part to evil game of 08. Keyboard is very resilient to smashing tho
How in the world did Saved By the Bell make it past season two? It is like pure garbage. Just a
Agreed!!! “: God I hate #boston. #letsgoyankees #Yankees”
o I've been contemplating that lately too, what shade?
Just did a Neti pot for the first time. Holy crap that is weird but my nose feels clearer. Let's see if I can get used to using it.
To think that #BarkWorld was started because of the #pawpawty revolution and to now see pawpawty go silent is very much a sad day.
I want Bosh to comeback so ya can lose with the bitch niggas playing.
There are other ways (besides card counting) that you can get an edge in #blackjack. Would you like to know more?
Thanks kindly to for the #ff!
I press "send" on mine and the entire file goes straight to Word. Also, the batteries last forever.
: I ask myself.. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom.. Has everyone forgotten? I doubt either candidate prays!
it was glorious...
quit eating people and come to bed
I have no patience for people anymore, just shut up and go home.
Page 38 of 366 how is this book for dummies?
lot's of levers to increase density of flash storage, performance of flash SolidFire
With or without bacon? RT : I declare this "Give Up And Go Eat Deep-Fried Macaroni-And-Cheese" Day.
I don't think I can RT you enough. We're dealing with the same librarians vs. users issue with our site.
Any families planning on seeing Disney On Ice-Toy Story 3? The dates are December 8-11 and tickets go on-sale tomorrow at 10am!
Help I have not been to a fast food join in over a week and have played basketball and went swimming almost everyday...
Yum. Just tried a Skinny Water Acai Grape BlueBerry. Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...it I'm extra tweetu upi
It feels like Friday but it's only thrusday.😁
Where at buddy?
im still in bed
Don't feel like sleeping at all..
thanks ho! It probably looked like crap the rest of the day...but whatevs....
Just now recovering from being out of the office for ALA...working on a one-pager about the life-cycle of published reports...
Gettin ready for Curvy Girl Radio in one hour! Tune in and hear all about !
I guess I'll go to bed now
that's cool, I Iike twitter too :) Nice to meet you!
thanks for the @ I look forward to looking at your type content
i CANNOT WAIT!
Glad to hear that! Let me know whenever you stop by!
Great to meet you IRL as well!
If I sit on that couch, I won't get another thing done all night. Don't see a downside, really.
spewing acronyms and canned phrases about market trends is lazy and pompous... how about saying, "I don't know" - Curiosity = Learning
I've seen a lot of hockey games, but that Team USA vs Canada on Feb. 21st game was one of the greatest *ever*.
If you've ever been on the losing side of a 5-0 game the last thing you want to see is showing-off after a crap goal.
what genuinely sweet comments #TeriHatcher made about you in #PeopleMagazine!
Tune into Fox59 today at 5 p.m., the wonderful is going to be discussing Bottoms Up Beer!
thank u for ur help 2day! very much appreciated :)
I'm on right now!! But you didn't accept yet! Lol whenever you're on Skype send me an IM on there! [x<3
#AustinIsOurWorld even though he isnt doing an #AUSTREAM he is still the same as before<3
And once again listening to "Some Beach" while contemplating a new job. It's gotta be some kind of a record.
I keep handing out maps and finding them in the trash. (growl)
I'd rather attack the lakefront with you guys tonite but stuck grading papers. Have fun! Almost there- 10.10.10!
Lord, I thank you for supplying all my needs; For opening my eyes to things, I didn't even know I needed!
tht moment when u sleep thru dinner so u have to make ur own then ur mom comes downstairs nd tells you that ur plate was in the microwave..
Félicitations! We can't wait to welcome you in NYC for the finals!
you should scratch that or someone. Get a infection or something, what?
Playing all of your favorite NIRVANA's songs for you...No more suffering, no more stressing, you're in a better place..R.I.P.
i hate talking on the phone, but i like talking on the phone with mikael, i never want to get off of the phone actually.
You dont need to be upgraded to get the free Panda chicken though, just go to thier facebook, enjoy!
back from rolloersakting with
Can you say ass on Twitter :) ? RT - When the are bad, they sure don't half-ass it...
I can't sleep without his hoodie even though it doesn't smell like him anymore.
Gotta end this class strong..were doing a project with a tribute. To who though?
yeah..that is my worry too... i cant image JAMC and elvis costello playing the weekend.
The whole time I bit my tongue, looked down, took notes. Forced them to talk to each other, have eye contact w/ each other.
REMINDER! This weekend, we'll be at the Tacoma Remodeling Expo at the Tacoma Convention Center! Today through Sunday!
Recording the game, I knew when my cell was blowing up when we were down 12 with 5 min left in the 3rd that one of two things had happened:
i hope you're right.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS APPEARANCE PROPORTION? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha thank you!
I swear every person who has one at MT never stops wearing it. I just smh. RT : Jean jackets are cool again?
The real housewives of disney was so funny!
: I love to work at nothing all day.
I don't know who these announcers on WGN radio are... But they don't compare to John Wiedeman and Troy Murray
8 new inches as of last night?? I'll take it.
Agree on grassroots, that's #wesley style for sure. Are we willing to do that & willing?
- Welcome Brian! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
what does the status "manufactured" mean?
USPS has a line even before they open. ughh!
thought of you while we ate salt lick tonight. Wudda taken a photo but in rush to EAT DEliciousMess 4got device.
No....This is girl is hardcore. She's a personal trainer now..
I need some sexy ladies to appear in a music video being shot TODAY!!! If your interested hit me back asap for casting details!!
Tonight I wanna cry
oh yeah I just didn't know what you were talking about Lol
I will be singing tomorrow night at the Backstage Bar following Roger Humphries RH Factor! We play from 8:00-11:00pm...hope to see you!
MCHammer! You R Awesome! Ur cool w/ everybody, sent u a download code 4 all of my songs on Digstation! Hve a beautiful/blessed wk
This will be the 15th Annual Race for Hope! How many years have you participated?
Do I swim or not?
Yes! Thank you-that is PIXEL-MICRO Multi....the original is hanging in a Memphis gallery now.
Wow, that's one of the best ones I've seen. A lot of the other ones are really bad (no offense lol)
Ya think D is jealous? Like, why cant it be the ABCD's? I spose then E would be upset. At least D gets to be associated with big breasts.
i dont even care foreal its really over nothing you startin to sound lame....stop sub tweetin
My students took the no-dialogue radio stories they wrote yesterday, and recorded them today in GarageBand with sound effects and music.
im tired of oakland being looked at as a joke
Text You the one thing you want to change in 2012
Ah, but alas, no one ever sees what is under the robe.
It shouldn't. He shot and killed an unarmed kid. At the very least this trial should happen and he should've been arrested.
Just changed a setting within my favorite tab in RightNow CX: "Admin Admin."
New Years party tonight at the space. BYOB, fireworks watching from roof. A number to call will be left on the front door. All welcome.
The day of releases: Peyton Manning and the new iPad. Coincidence?
RT if you have any kind of Angry Birds for iPhone, iPod touch, Android, or Google Chrome!!
I wish dogs could talk for one day
I scream! You scream! We all scream for ice cream!!
Unbeatable Price Sale will be available for 2 more days!!!!! Hurry and catch these amazing deals!! :) Up to 70% off on select items!!
truer words have never been spoken.
is hosting a twitter chat right now with on how #nonprofits can use
I hate going to bed but I love being asleep.
aw Paolo. I've seen him :) And I already have a staple gun.
Of course...Favre's name is mentioned.
thanks for the follow and hello from CA.
Wow. Lots of sugar highs and probably some tummy aches after watching the Pack's America's Game. Bring on the new season!
I'm in if they are
Rise n' shine folks!
Way to play UK..its miller time....
Absolute torture, I'm at an 18th and I can't even drink so Joanne and I have to go into the bathroom and down miniatures hahaha
that's the worst part. I despise fake reality shows.
Wuddup Mr for certain
guess i'm just gonna have to compliment your eating again
We LIVE 2Day 6 PM wit www.Microphonebully.com
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
and that they did. Their forecheck was too much. They didn't let the Flyers get any rhythm the entire game.
I don't have anymore!
"We expect more from technology, less from one another. Technologies provide illusion of companionship without the demands of relationship."
#Ali, A Sultan in Palermo (Islamic Quintet #4) Life of cartographer al-Idrisi, his lovers, Sicilian Christian Sultan Roger, 12th c. politics
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Teacher Appreciation week! If you can read this tweet, you should probably
": "If I got a swing, I've got a shot." - Another great quote by Bubba. #genuinedude". What a great story!
I don't think it's that's small..for black churches a represents an attack on a institution considered sacred.
Hope you're doing okay! I'll put myself on bed rest tomorrow as a show of support. :)
o lil wayne when HAM on why stop now remix lol
I'm giving up twitter for lent.. lets see how long this lasts..
Alyssa is fine! And Ochocinco tweets to goddamn much.
Can't believe INSTAGRAM sold-out to #FACEBOOK! If I was INSTAGRAM, I would of partnered with #TWITTER since everyone is switching over. SMH
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The NFC east was really up for grabs this season
Rehearsals are officially underway for Show Choir at A.C.T. - San Fran! Whoo-hoo!
Key to the remainder of the series, STAY OUT OF THE PENALTY BOX! Flyers have 0 even strength goals in past 2 games!
Is it just me or have chipotle prices gone up?
Hope you are having an absolutely #wonderful Wednesday morning!
Old man walks into rite aid, took newspaper, finished sudoku in under 1 minute (presumably wrong?), threw it away and left
Been away for a while... I'll catch up with all later tonight.
"You're right about there being no wind. The blossoms are just comin' down by theirselves. Just their time to, I reckon." GETS ME EVERY TIME
the law of recirpocity - give unto others or do for others and that will be given or done for you. Most fail to apply this due to patience
you win some and lose some.
HA! Touche, sir. Touche. And I didn't even know about my secret adopted sibling! That's how slutty my mom is.
Do you guys offer integration?
Thanks for spreading the word! We had a great turnout! Lots of pretty signs made for #marathon runners! cc
#sometimesyouhaveto make hard decisions in your life whether you want to or not.
haha! It's fine I do the same thing! Since that twitcam b/c Niall was in it, everyone started freaking out b/c of NIALL.
About to rock some Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword!!
he is a great kid. Our good luck charm!
Note to self: don't hold key in right hand and wipe hair out of face with said hand...you will end up poking yourself in the eye.
He showed up once, but was dissatisfied that there was no actual SHIT at the party, just bad movies!
Lakers Lost....that's all I'm saying I won't talk shit tonight lol
I've become a low key Washington Nationals fans. Some of my fellow dodger fans annoy me, which has made me follow a different team.
Girls love kickball.
yea i read them last summer..ahh I thought they were alright haha..the second book was my fav
Looks like we've got some boomers coming
Omg my bro is going somewhere again and he won't tell me 😒 tell me!!! I know your not really going to the hospital!
JD's got a game tonight, so if I can make it I will. Anyway - I always bring bad luck!
Hopping over to #Banshee from iTunes took five minutes, but I've spent 4 days cleaning up the hidden tag & directory mess iTunes left.
Anymore followers?
I'm watching videos from Columbus &you can hear me &my friends singing almost over you guys. Didnt realize we were that loud. lol
thank you! (via )- thank you guys for makin' it happen!
CARAMEL SKIN, LONG HAIR, THICK ASS
please ... just grow some balls and say it to my face . i would be more than glad to finish your ass off .
I love it when you call me big poppa.
bout to start usin twitter #networktime !!!!
Actually loving ALL of 's posts.. Time to hit the stores and farmers market, the asparagus looks divine!
Federal gov't building a #moon colony? Sounds socialist. Leave it to private sector. With tax incentives, of course.
- I love you!
Time for Games and the Literature Classroom
All things education & employment...COX Media fair - tomorrow at the Science Museum. Join us! , ,
my first real question! customer looking for books about the artist Every Langston. Yes, that's apparently the real first name. no luck.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes. - Confucius
Can't wait for tomorrow and to see her face!
i can't get over my life.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. ~ Napoleon Hill
Penelope's dress. And haircut. Beautiful.
can you syringe out the Cadbury filling, eat that, them refill the egg with pudding and eat it? I would respect that - DvL
who has the greatest football team of all time that should be playing lsu in the title game?
Thanks for the follow Tabitha!
Agree. But I'M the one telling people to quit making future guarantees based on past performance of #15 &
It's true! They're the best!
The new album from our friend and client is #8 at iTunes, and our buddy is at #12 and climbing. Go support them both!
What does one do to prepare for a dissertation defense? Anything? , , , , , vets?
Shower, then bed 😊
Love my 2 boys, Frazier and Rex. They are the best dogs!!
hahaha I'm just happy she didn't get molested by that comedian guy haha
TGIF and we have the delicious lunch you want! Stop by B for one of our Turkey Scallopini's or B Veggie Burgers!
Whatever my dad got her the IPad 3
Need three female models for a project today. Anyone interested hmu..
OMG I WANT A NEW CAR
93 on my essay! Ah like a boss!
I just completed a 3.00 mi run with a 25:18 pace using Check out my route! soc.li/Klm226E
Gotta love this officiating!!
clearly I'm no where near as smart as a 12 year old-um, unless irk means irresistibly real keen, I'm clueless :(
hahahaha no problem:)
I'm going to get my very 1st one next month..I think!! *a little nervous* lol
hahah (: Yeah As cute as Mr.Mays ??
I think both of you should follow me.. no? alright then.. #loveyou. x
Making a book. Yes a book.
good luck.
Did we really?! OMG Sorry! I forgot like everyone i used to talk to! i'm never on cause of school! :(
How do who know who RT'S you tweets??
Thank you to everyone who attended to our 1 year anniversary event and celebrated with us this small but significant milestone! Cheers!
sure, followed! Now follow back:)
it seriously is! We gotta keep in touch. Bros literally all high school year.
yea for sure
love these people on who are moving to Europe but want a place to live like America. Stay in America then!
ok call me when you get a minute.
merry everyone
Join us this Saturday as we tailgate with Hoots to cheer on the against Tulsa! We get started at 4
The #Bucks are making it happen!!!!
good stuff!
College Football Prediction Late Game: LSU @ Alabama; Alabama -5 and the over 41.5
could you send me a hi-res photo?
More awesome peeps!
that best-knicks brawl a decade back? Like 6 suspensions, right?
GOT A ONE DIRECTION CD I AM TO HAPPPYY.... <3 I LOVE THE EASTER BUNNY (:
Holiday #security tips and more, in a new Q&A with Arlington's bit.ly/sX6A84
Why clean up CeCe's last name? It's "Peniston."
thanking u for sending over detailed document. howev, looks like client will pass at this time :( Will email u details this week
beauty seems to be a moment of a work in progress
That patty melt at 1am last night was 100% unnecessary.
hey no cheating allowed lol who u got in the jon jones vs Rashad fight I hope rashad wips his ass but I doubt he will
OK, was pretty good. What is it about football players and dancing?
Don't act like its you against the world if its really just you against yourself.
I'm going dollar bowling tonight at 9. Hit me up if you wanna join
No worries re: email :) and I'm *definitely* going to get to a conference soon!
watching your bids over and over lol!! too funny!!
Stop in and get your favorite holiday books & movies from your library! We'll be closed Fri., Dec. 23 thru Mon., Dec. 26.
I have hardcore strep throat. It better go away by Wednesday so I can see
Life is unpredictable. And there’s a big difference between being scared and being prepared. Always be prepared.
I think I know him I talked to him a couple times
Its Thursday OMG only 12 more school days and then off to the beach and lots of other places <3
Best first line of story EVER: Sean Bean from Thrones was arrested. says: "Winter is coming... And so are the police."
We just ordered 2 Replicators for our new Making the Future program! So excited to 3D print!
I'm going to ask my dad if I can go see my real grandma this summer she's from Texas I really look like her I just want to see her before sh
The more I think about it (which is a lot, BTW), the more I appreciate the distinction between "blog" and "writing" on 's new site.
They killed it<3
the documentary is being shown with the hope it will strengthen muslim-jewish relations. check out the film for yourself at
I wish she would come do I can take a nap... Or Lauren take a nap with me
hi chris, we'd like to talk to u abt our startup that is helping local businesses in 5 cities with 800 merchants.check email :)
Post photos of some of the origami creatures!
Cutest lesbian couple outside my laundromat right now. Don't get to see that too often in the Burgh
So jeally...see anything for me?
Looking for info/personal experiences on how Service Animals are regarded in other countries. Example - Dubai?. Let us know
you're just… fabulous! :) xo
lmao..I bet you do too. haha! Just relaxing tonight and following a few new friends. Shawn says hello.
I really need to find the #best #book I can to #selfstudy for Linux+ Some want #bling, I'm deep tech
I'm going to be strong for my mom because she needs me now more than ever. <3
My first time on I love it!
This is not very cheerful but we do assemble about 10,000 coffins a year and we save over $6000 by not buying them already assembled. [1944]
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
And... you get to see us at our best! Tuck your wings in! RT : Get ready Raleigh, I'm coming!!!
Great article on Olerud! Well done my friend.
If Lovin You Is Wrong..I Dont Wanna Be Right...Cause If Bein Right Means..Bein Without You Id Rather..Live A Wrongful Life..#LutherIngram!
it's not random. I'm in the ER (and have had to push that button. Twice. Dern coffee).
All bad bitches who prey on weak trick ass men will be punished by never being happy & never knowing or receiving respect
Oh ya I'll get you a life size one of me in my white lingerie haha. That's normal....
So excited to see you at the 1st Seattle Chocolate Tweetup:
Let's fight for ourselves, for each other, for him. Let's be blessed together...
knew you'd say that!!
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. - Amos Bronson Alcott
Wow...That's a channel-surfing "deep cut."
is watching a heavenly sunset from her front porch.
Nf the handsome ladies go follow him NOW or delete your account !
I #BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album ! Pick me if you choose randomly of course ;-) #feelthelove <3frGAJB
Just a heads up, all the flower named WIFI access points will be reset again after this session at
The quick text before the tunnel...
Uh oh--new page update today! at www.rocketrobinson.com
5 more days in Ohio then back to New York for the summer!
LADIES, some men love it when they woman tell them to pass the blunt & put it on 2 player
hii im here
not sure what's cooler. The skating or the shirt.
tryed to make mocha moo lattes.
"Cultivate only the #habits that you are willing should master you." Elbert Hubbard
Also, Shake Shack is the best restaurant I've eaten at since I moved here.
barbie-size? lol
The Ville pulled that shit out man, hell yea
dude, of course!
NFL's RedZone Network was actually influenced by Italian soccer version I believe. This AM proves it can work here
don't look now, but these M's are showing some fight...
- Nah, just to hike and camp for my bday.
That's what I do RT : That one person that always puts a smile on your face :-)
Be proactive and take ownership. We spend to much time blaming others for our mistakes and shortfalls and too less time working to correctin
sure, we can do that. Let me know the size and I can get you a price.
hey what's up?!
Keep me in mind. Somewhere down the road you might get lonely ...
Great school district that serves over 70% of students that speak a language other than English at Home. Great Supt!
Exactly. Don't they have a section just for grad students?
2seater sexy #mygirl would text me but shes right next to me(next to me) then i drop her off and gets some time alone then she call my fone
you have GOT to be kidding me!
hoping I get this new publicity gig... also, finishing up some work on Demetria Martinez's website.
I guess we can attribute that stroke of bad luck for the Cardinals and Tony LaRussa to Karma.
I have a hard enough time ordering a "Biggie" Fries I can't imagine who thought these names were a good idea
Everywhere we go.. People wanna know.who we are. So we tell them.. We are the Wizards...The might *&^%) wizards...
They took the same approach with Gmail. It started April 1, 2004 and people thought 2G email was a joke. (April Fools)
hm i really like them all equally (:
Does it look like I really give a fuck?
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
and then it gets worse..</3:c
RT I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
what is your favorite basketball team? :)
need any help with the move?
Happy Earth Day cuz bless. Hope your having
One of God's soldiers. Angelo. Go with God.
let's do it!
wow very nice, like !
you name when and where and im there!
LOL! RT : Sleeping pills? Who needs those? We've got PowerPoint.
Don't take anything for granted
thx, Bill! I'm also geeking out ovr the fact that Julie Andrews is going 2 B thr. I might burst in2 "Climb Every Mountain"! :)
What does a barback do? had it right when they said “Everything.”
you're nasty... You def changed it from my cute baby elephant background
great job man
omg okay..lol and you know me Markie(;
Oh yes! Can't wait. Finally a normal week haha
did u get any new followers from yesterday? :)
"beez in the trap" by nicki minaj ft. 2chainz is such a fucking terrible song omg
When is Mickey Mouse’s birthday? The first correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of 42Five....
That's basically the worst concept I've ever heard.
she is right? i always eat and do homework with michael
Rendón: Sentipensante pedagogy is a vision for education that combines emotion, introspection with outward action, service.
negative nancy.
iight do that !
#teamfollowback show me love & help me get more followers :o) i follow back !
Guns don't kill people, dads with pretty daughters do
Lawyers didn't seriously get involved in the Watergate stories until quite late, when we realized we were on to something.
Delta is a life runner.
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Check Me Out!
The internet has made it to where anybody can "ACT" LIKE A (RAPPER) anybody can buy "YOU TUBE VIEWS" to trick the the people...
who was it?
Gonna stalk you now! :D
“ Nicki Minaj without crazy hair?” << or her fake ass!
No dark alcohol tonight. AMF's and tequila all night!!! Lol
Steve Austin is starring in a musical. I don't know what to say...
your tweets inspire me(: I think your goal has been made<3 Please follow me!
If I could only hear and not see him I would swear the guy at the next table was Tim Ireland following me to DC!
RT : Adam Yauch marched w/ us in Nov. over the Brooklyn Bridge. A visionary artist who never lost sight of his community.
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
love you to! :)
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria. They are not sure why but they think its in the yams!
Oy Ve Holy Cow OMG WOW!
"well, people shole dying, chil'" - my aunt
If the first day of spring is as nice as this, it should be declared a free day, and we all get to leave work.
Had a really bad panic attack last nite. Woke up didnt know what happened nite b4. Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe.
It's crazy I'm tipsy right now and I got class in 7 hrs.....
N stl he don't even knw u n e more not like that n e way wish I would
I'm not as impertinent as some might assume. Don't dismiss me,
Watching the #SuperBowl in Panama makes for interesting local
BOILER UP!
donald trump - mac miller <3
Daylife Saturdays at The Fly -- COME GET WET with us!!!
I wanna be on cloud 9 right now
OH: "Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and run over you." Um, how would u do that if you're under the bus dude?
Um, thanks for the link! So many good ones - are you going?
too funny!
Great production of A Little Night Music last night w ! See it before it closes in June.
Lucky Girl!
"Telephone" it 's least favorite song.
Jack says the folks using bags for dog poop give us the shaft twice because they leave the litter for us!
. pushed the Little Engine That Could up the mountain.
I knew it! lol Thanks for the love! Stop by with some of your friends to experience the tour again!
Wish this Houston/New Orleans game would end so I can watch the Vikings/Seattle game!
OMMGG Lemme explain something. There's no such thing as "swagger" Your either a good guy, or a player. GEEZZ got me tight.
When you make a birthday wish & it doesn't come true, you should be able to sue whoever made the faulty candles.
I asked at a RSPCA because then i am helping animals without a home, breaks my heart to see them lonely <3
You wear motherhood well. It was so nice to see you in full bloom on this season's TC.
the soul. Therefore, circumcision is superfluous. Looking ahead (see v. 21), Paul will go so far as to say that the law is dangerous, and
got an exam tommorow and idk if im prepared barely pay attention in class as it is...
This random guy at school was just like, "wow. you're beautiful." Made my day :)
good :) but why
I never watch anime but right now I'm watching an anime called Sgt Frog on Netflix and it's so strange that it's pretty hilarious
It's been a hot min since I been on here
Any chances on writing a book?
"Wait a minute Mr. Postman, Please don't fold the Photo Envel-ope e e..." C'mon dude....
Yes he is a beast! RT : Ray Lewis got me ready to tackle the 1st person I see!!! Dude is intense!
Happy Sunday, good afternoon! How is everyone?
definitely agree
Didn't win the lottery so eating a giant block of cheese to cheer myself up
thats ok I got zayn,Liam&Niall from one direction and Adam lavine there all my lovars Ive come 2 the conclusion I will miss u.
if the answer isn't "most of them" then this kid really needs to learn what it means to
thanks did you see big front page article in NYT today on #frontotemporal dementia?? Beautiful photo too
Follow Friday they are awesome!!! :)
We like positive discourse :) I'm just excited to see what it's all got in store. Productions lately are crazy.
we still have to go to a game together
If you can't be a poet, be the poem.
Least crowded Saturday at the highline ever
Any news story w word "typically" should immediately be shot down as utter crap. Happy Sunday! :)
I <3 Juliet Simms! I have her 'Oh Darlin' audition video
"One day three autumns" A Chinese idiom used when you miss someone so much, one day feels as long as three years.
it's interesting how subjects like war are male only when women had significant roles as well & yet we don't tell it
You don't want to miss this Sunday ! Worship, the Word, Baptisms, #Chapter2 pledges! I can't wait! Be there!
my opinion. Fri night MK. Sat afternoon MGM. Sat night EPCOT drink around the world (DATW)
Can't we just disappear and take our chances. All the teenager romances put our money where our mouth is.
If it made it here, then we didn't feel it. I was just curious (based on Dan's post) whether the tweets were faster than the quake
I believe it's July 2. You going to be around?
What's long and black and smells like shit? The welfare line.
Who wants to snuggle?
Don't u wish yo wish yo boyfriend was a G like me?
Ugh hurt my arm:/
On my way to our yacht in the Hamptons. You?
When they play hero/heroine in my school >
I am THAT kid in class tonight.
I have to stop smoking tho :( im on another job hunt
Ha! Im going to eat my oatmeal and green juice and be content lol
Come by and see us at NW VEGFEST this weekend for some tasty Blossoming Lotus Samples Yes, we will have our Live Fudge samples and much more
So who is coming down here for the super bowl?
SMH @ U Bro...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!!!
RT : 2:33pm my Dad, Dr. Stanley Ralph passed on. Thank you all for your blessed prayers. Amen.
I'm getting sleepy 😒
keep in mind, I have been on scarborough's radio and tv shows several times and we have emailed each other quite a bit.
You already know!!
Kudos to and the #chicouncil on the reduction of business licenses to 47.
Thanks, Jason.
So you mean Las Vegas? Obvi.
of course mobile Ivy Bridge doesn't arrive until June so it's only the desktop space where this matters ATM.
: I'm turning into Alma scripture: wishing that I could say or do more than is allotted for the time.
Scraping and eating leftover brownie mix from the bowl!!
yea buddy! Well if you need any help, just ask. :)
On today's reading list: applied survival anlaysis, coarsened exact matching, & a book on parenting toddlers.
Attention: Fado affectionados! Fado comes to Carnegie Hall January 24th! Don't miss it...
Sumbody shuld go grab me ah blunt from da gstation I'm lazy rite now
milkshake + nyquil = new purple drank.
An additional barrier to #innovation is too much talk and too little action!
Im wit it just let me know
Head over to the online store and pick up a shirt and CD!!! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com We appreciate the support!!!
i got these diamonds on my neck got patron in my cup
People who may always have a smile on their face are the ones that suffer in silence the most.
AFL-CIOs Phil Neuenfeld tells Capitol rally caravans of supporters on way from PA, Ohio, NJ and NY.
Good morning, Ms. Day. *cocking a lopsided grin* Missing me, eh?
Hoping to go this time. Saw them on the Counterparts tour in the early 90's. Fantastic show!
oh man. you got it rough. no kids here tonight so I can swear.
Hi!! Can't complain here! How about you? How are things?
Happy Valentines Day! Have a great one! Just love no matter what day it is! In spanish its happy day of love and friendship!
OMG! IM HAVING WENDYS TO(: FOLLOW?(:
Coloring your hair at home? Dab your hairline with baby oil or Vasoline to prevent a stained hairline!
Don't you think that Facebook's new ad strategy is a brilliant play to drive more people (and money) to social...
My strategy? Walk behind tall people
I love you savior!
going to San Genero ?
First Noise Pop happy hour is tomorrow. Will I see you there?
If passion=impulse and there was no premeditation, then it makes sense. The risk of reoffending will likely be lower.
At least I'm seeing my babe tonight <3
We miss you on Austream! I've been watching old ones thinking how far we've come together. #mahomielove <3 Can't wait 4 music!
Thanks for the #ff! Enjoy your weekend, Dana.
Life is acceptable. Death is calm. It's the cross over which is bothersome.
Tonight's final work "For colored queer boys who considered giving up when giving themselves wasn't ever enuf" by Mark Brown II.
#WhyAreYou making me feel this way?
When your friends tell you how excited they are to hang out tonight...and they dont invite you...
Ack! I didn't. Loving Fab majorly though. Next time I stock up on Americana...What's the code &%off?
The state can control your behavior but it cant make you believe anything
Aw! A Cousin to Austin? :D
i love chocolate cookies ♥
Well mentally I'm only at 24, so it all balances out :-P
follow me and I will dm an email to you.
Dude I fucking miss me some mizchief!
- Welcome! Thks for follow! My son came home from school today with torn clothes. Let's bring your message to his school!
just drenched me in sweat, I loved it.
we hope you're having an awesome Wednesday Jessica! :)
What's even funnier is the longer I stand here and watch the more pissed off his girlfriend gets! Buahahah! Jealousy is a mother fukr! Lmao!
that's a great idea. Btw. I think needs to follow you.
Every two months we log in & make a joke about the specific episode of Doctor Who we just watched. Why don't we have more followers?
i cant get it
My hair looks green aaahh lol
Why am I getting upset...when you are in a committed relationship...you are not mines...someone should slap me
Prepare to be blown away!!!
haha. Never again!
I would txt to the Red Cross the $10 if the $$ actually went to Haiti. They will not send all the money collected to Haiti. Same Ole story.
... and learn to interpret texts (mostly from humanists)!
headed to get the trailer to get in the road to Haubstadt!
haha only you. I want to see foam darts piercing drywall...
thanks! We think you're pretty awesome too!
Gonna be productive and start homework right now because I have nothing to do on this beautiful day.
I do
Humans: the reason why we can't have nice things.
Less than 4 weeks until sunny Orlando! #kwfr #kwri Can't wait!
Doing the easy thing is rarely the right thing and doing the right thing is rarely easy. - Glenn Beck
Yes. Yes I am. Thanks.
I just got in the mood for some cold water, yogurt, and chocolate donuts.
BIG turnout for Jerry Brown's campaign stop at SDSU.
2011 Best Lifestyle On Premise Club Winner Trapeze Club
Did you finish it off by pulling a chain which released a bucket of water on you?
com — It’s never been a secret that Rush Limbaugh is—first and foremost—all about promoting Rush Limbaugh
what's the name of this place? Is $22 regular price?
fuck me. im already breaking down and crying..
working from home is great. But with no coworkers nobody ever brings donuts!
RUPD escort to senior gala
It's amazing how much shutting my door helps my productivity.
Crazy how some people think they are perfect, i was taught that was only God
ok hope you have a great Bacardi day!!
Happy Easter! Another holiday at the firehouse for me today.
Nothing helps saxophone lip than a little bit of Ben and Jerry's ice cream
We don't even ask for you to "sign in or sign up". Just click and view. Really. Now what's your excuse?
Thanks very much.
Silence is the loudest scream
Thanks for the mention!
": I don't believe in coincidences. Every Thursday? I'm not stupid." Joey watchin tranny porn again?
good luck!
GRANDerz trend #VinsGottenSoFar for please? He has gotten so far :')
About to hit 6 flags. 10 dollar tickets FTW.
HAHAHA that's typical alex
Contest is now closed.."1993" was the correct answer. Thanks to all participants! Another Damn Near Free #contest will begin soon.
I don't get why girls can call each other gorgeous but guys can't call each other handsome without it being "gay'
#Chicago loves #bacon, and we have AMAZING bacon, smoked in house for 4 hours, crispy and delicious, waiting for you at
LMAO Oh shut up!
yo! like you didn't already know, but is a beast!
I think it was so they can stall on the fight
2nd Sundays on 2nd St for brunch, shopping & of course, Lofty Dog. Sales thruout! LD has 25% strollers, 10-15% off clothing, UT items,...
you can give money anytime!! they should be in by friday!
Thanks for the mention!
I'm gonna marry him one day ..
Ooh, Lucky! I love new post-its. I've got some with trees, and I don't even want to open the package.
#Truth RT : Few things engender more hatred than the presumptuous recline of the airplane seat in front of me.
--- ewwwwwwwwwwwww stop it!!!!!
no kenzie, funniest ;)
Hey , karma is a beeyotch! Can't believe I'm half rooting for the Angels.
gnight! gonna listen to this track tomorrow loud when noone hear to see if i still feel the same.. if i do then i ship it out..and wait
Queens art museum doing amazing work partnering w community orgs. Helping those orgs achieve goals helps QAM ach their goals too
wish i was there
Transitioning from a lawless reality back to "normal" life is hard 4 some. That's where the "shared experience" is invaluable.
How would you describe yourself to someone who does not know you?
I do not understand Gallardo's need to work every hitter deep into counts
RT : Beatles Lost Concert at Oriental May 17 & 22. Filmed by CBS, shown on closed circuit in its day. More...
#Thankstaking fact: the date of the 3rd Thursday of Nov was selected to commemorate the famous "Snoozers v. Losers" SC decision of 1814.
Look at this school dragging on like a mother f.
Alec is over. Sitting here watching Disney :P Hit me up?
Can a production assistant please lock-down the Mid-Atlantic? #Earthquake is blowing the audio.
Since our wives our at the #westhillsdwtn women's conf. us men are taking kids to the park. Hope nobody gets hurt.
yeah thought that was interesting. Very much an English thing to do.
Twinkie flavored yogurt would be a hit!
guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is. . .
u too emo tonight. Sounding like Drake.
Never tried it cold. What do you think?
The O's started the nite w/ the best record in MLB. So why did only 11,938 show up at Camden Yards?
you should have
Editing means staring at your own face and listening to your own voice. Everybody's favorite thing, ever!
I understand now. 'Cuse does not play tough games early, like three months ago, because of tough games three months later...ok..
best spring break spot hit the water! West Side=Lake Havasu. East Side=Panama City Beach. Stiffmeister Approved.
I'm genuinely excited about the promise of Windows 8... but far from confident that Microsoft will actually be able to pull this off.
Thursday is Women's Equality Day- how will you celebrate/observe the 90th anniversary of women's right to vote in the US?
its so weird how some old #punk rock bands are# tumblr famous and some aren't
Would live to see pics when you're finished.
On the plane and about to depart Nashville. Cool place -- you should visit. Next stop Laguardia.
Says : Wouldn't you change your name? You could never say, "Step into my office," with a straight face.
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
aww I love it :) union worker where at? When u turn 21?
These damn dogs in my neighborhood is having a meeting on the wire. They all barking at each other like crazy late night.
My eyes are still swollen :/
you're welcome!
Damn #oomf has me likin her already
Cleaned,and missed band practice!Oops!
RT Alford "We are excited to be back home ... hopefully we can play well and win a championship this week."
My husband has a Carter shirt when he was a #Flyers. In fact, I started liking Carter as a Flyer. It was easier for us to accept.
..me too abt returns.. Jackie is supa messy..
Haven't been on Twitter in a minute. Sister kickin' S/Os makes it easy to come back. Love u sis.
I hope everything will be ok.. I am so glad it is a comfort to her. YW
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker
Thanks for the follow
But all I can do is thank god that he sent me such an amazing person like you into my life.
thanks for doing something. Seems like those that could don't. Go go go go
Ok - no solutions out of Europe this weekend - does not augur well for the week ahead. Only the hope trade can hold things up.
Got the itis
Managing museum's back end tech needs doesn't equate to comfort w programming platforms and interaction
shutup and listen to GOOD music.
Thanks ever'body!
False. "I Can't Make You Love Me" - Bonnie Raitt.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?(:
any me and my sister was watching bgc and started to wonder when is your birthday?! :)
#Riorancho celebrates 30 years as a city!
got me thinkin about hittin the strip club, i got my dollars ready lol
GOD is a good GOD and he will save our Beloved NY KNICKS-They are on life support.
Tonight KARAOKE at The Irish Knot with Keagan!
I was hungry... So I ate an apple... But now I'm more hungry...
I watched this nightmare last night while I was asleep...I don't need to see it again!
3-Day Walkers & other non-profits host your fundraiser at Wet Stone on a Sunday or Monday. 5% of the net sales will go to your cause!
Thanks, Mary! All of you awesome #wifilmfestfest folks are the highlight. I'm just out having a blast.
J Hilburn is now the third largest worldwide account for Italian shirting mill,Tessituri Monti!!! Next year we will be their #1 account!
Taking pictures of traffic cones and trees while waiting for my assignment.
Thanks for helping get the word out!
NOW we are, no doubt. Good to meet you IRL. Hope we can connect at another event this week.
have fun-amanda
oh crap. i'm gonna order it this weekend then. crap crap crap.
what are you doing around 7 or so tomorrow? I'm thinking about coming early to chill or whatever.
i hope you nor is not in that stat. i am pretty sure she is not. . .
Kevin Jonas is married
Attended a good training on creating ePub documents today. Going to try and use the flip method for parts of my next unit.
Attending session "How to write an RFP for social media" #socialRFP #sxsw 7 step process
The following are popular names in my dad's family: Larue (M), Lutitia (F), Horace, Hushel (M), Sackfield.
I dont feel good.
10 reasons to be excited for the MLB season..sobcity.com/index.php/EasyBlog/Entry/top-ten-reasons-to-be-excited-for-the-2012-mlb-season.html
congrats on the title!! Hell of a game
ops haha it's my first time
Remember when you followed me.? :D
SPRING 2011 SAT PREP classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today for an early bird special! :)
I do comedy for the validation. Parking gets expensive.
RIP Dick Clark....Great American Music Legacy
Police have swarmed the park!!
watever you can't trick me hooch !!! :) cnt wait to see you!!!
Not liking the new TweetDeck at all. Kicking it to the curb and looking at alternatives.
what do you do out in Kuwait?
Sitting here listening to this the turning point by
We need an HTML/CSS Designer in Fort Worth for a contract- 8 weeks. Email if interested!
Nice print on your sling! My kids never liked that facing-out position - on the hip or flat facing the chest were their favs!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
On this #CincodeMayo think abt the immigrant workers who train the runners you bet on/watch this
what are we doing this morning? Let me know. I will be at home waiting for the call about my car.
Food allergies do not have 2 be life threatening 2 be considered a disability under Section 504.
Talking to #RAIDERNATION and flippin from one game to another on TV. I hope to sleep well tonight too. Eating bacon sandwiches
Who went out of XFactor & Strictly please my honies?
On plane: as always, DC-ers should hide the youth and the whiskey.
We are at the #WIBADD event today. Come stop by our booth and say hello!!
Honestly don't think I'll cry at graduation. If I do it's cause I'm out that bitch!
I didn't say it was your fault, I simply said I was going to blame you.
Huge 4th of July sale on Max & Ruffy's treats! Save 40% with coupon code july4. Offer good July1st - 4th. Give 'em something they love!
yea ima try and make it
Don't have an escape hatch; hurdles will come and if you have an escape hatch, you may quit too early. Hurdles aren't dealbreakers."
Can't wait to see what skip has to say! Lol
Join us for a special seminar tomorrow from 10-noon, "Networking & Personality Type" led by Matt Morscheck, MS, CMP
Why wasn't there any food left after the monster party?' Cos everyone was a goblin. Happy Halloween, friends!
Good seeing you today Jacob! :)
We're going to miss being your neighbor! You are fabulous and amazing. XOXO
It kind of lessens the blow of mothers day a little bit. Not really....but kinda.
Failure is success if we learn from it. ~ Malcolm Forbes
I got so many things I wanna do in life... Can u combine em all into one thing?
I want to go to Italy. Jealous.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know their always there! <3
Join #CHEVY4MKE starting at 7:00pm at Miss Katie's Diner in district 5 on 02/21/2012 for an #Election Night Watch Party!
What do u mean!
Wanna make my wish come true? Click Follow and I'll post a picture of me smiling 'cause of you! <3
Of daughters? No. Of spiders? Perhaps. It's all in the size of the house & her relative fear of spiders ;)
Nothing better than a delicious, FREE lunch! What did you have yesterday, Katharine?
New week! New # Opportunities!
you might think about Adobe Premiere. has a version for $60 I think.
they never do. such a shame.
Chango Cheetah says thanks a million meows for using ur pull with da Man. Things went ok. Not checking out yet.
520 Mini Journey Journals are now on their way to Salt Lake City for next week! Hooray! Hooray!
Good Luck! perfect week for training with the beautiful weather :)
Parents arguing about who was banging who back in HS. Really?
New environmental blog tonight and new article later this week highlighting a great local NPO - Bluegrass PRIDE www.bgpride.org
:) RT : OMG! I wouldn't be able to contain myself in that awesomeness!!
Attention educators: Allison of and John of will be at #IMEA in Fort Wayne this weekend. Stop and say hi!
your so cool melanie (:
TAP was founded by Dr. Paul Mok, noted author, lecturer, corporate consultant & creator of Communicating Styles Technology (CST)
thank you so much! I managed to get a charger.
If she was really a 'good fairy', she wouldn't have turned little bunny foo foo into a goon. These are things I ponder before bed.
Oh god, that crazy, almost Janice-esque laugh.
#LRT what is up with the paint that he is either catching or splashing off of him
- what's the good word at SPA!!? How's the feature going!?
RT : It's championship week! Go Locos!!!!!!
yaaaaahoooo! Please bring your stash.
Ha ha...and that was more geared toward Lakers folks. They'll set a car ablaze any chance they get..
Always awesome to be that close to one of your idols. But it's weird seeing him without Oasis. His band was just ok
Great news, - congrats!
Omfg.i love Mikey.
Workers Comp and RTW resources for my #HR peeps
o well lets trend it! :)
ur welcome babe
who tryna fight you .
Mark Zuckerberg is 28, but Steve Jobs was still younger when Apple IPO'd.
Just got my follower tracker set up for this bitch...If YOU un-follow I shall return the favor! #JoeNathan lol SUPPORT THE MUSIC!
I don't like when random unknown dudes tweeting me shit in retaliation. That gets you blocked...
Up next: Inviting your audience into your brand.
I wondered idly if the restaurant I'm going to for dinner has a TV to show MNF - and then I thought about how bad B'more/JAX will be. N/m.
Staring at the bottle, then her nails: "Mommy this isnt purple enough!" She felt duped & you could see it in her eyes.
Here at the zinc bar w jack Jeffers big band. Great players. One More set tonight better come out on w 3 Nyc. Zinc Bat
hacked?! Was worried someone wrote a bad blog about me! :) Have u been keeping up on ur tantan tanning???
Scott. Had long talk with Tiffany. Check us out. Only 1 shop in AZ as of today getting all the customers. listyourshop.com
The trail running community is KC is incredible. Thursday BAR run is weekly highlight. Love all my
It doesnt fit in my pocket because I dont even have a phone like that…I'll take a Galaxy S II if you want me to have one so bad
Teams never seem to update weight measurments. What player's playing weight would you say is furthest from their listed weight?
My nose: "You're going to sneeze! LOL JK" My face: *orgasm look*
Iced Coffee?Try SAFARI ICED COFFEE-our fresh roasted,fresh brewed iced coffee,2 scoops SCOOTERS frozen custard,whipped cream & Chocolate.Yum
it was tempted to buy a poster. Lol
Free food at #THATCamp #Games. Don't forget to donate!
Blake Shelton can sing anything he wants!
Oh man.... what did I get myself into?
Must have looked in the mirror and saw 40! Happy Birthday!!!!
Right now is the perfect time to engage in hoodrat activities in S.O.C. Police have no communication with that area, smhs and lols...
you already confused me enough today! I don't need to be confused anymore!
Sometimes passive basses like my stock Yamaha BBN5 can have more punch +output than active models.Strung with D,Addario Pro Steels(50-135)..
Great video. Very creative. Thanks!
A woman in her late 40s talks to a woman in her late 20s about a woman between 18-24, about what they do now. Basically, all life.
Motorcycle ministry For Abused Children: www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
interesting. Glad you can get it somewhere. Your local paper might be really interested in that story... If u want to tell it
Did you know that Eric Holder he became the first African-American attorney general designate in the United States in 2008?
Was good meeting Mike Hinkley owner of Flash Brewery tonight. Keep on making those tasty brews...
Theres still time to enjoy your choice of any dessert + coffee or tea for just $10 at our 5th Ave location. Available Mon-Fri, 3pm-7pm
: Plotting world domination, of course! 's cats & 's shrimp army will be in charge (I iz )
So bummed I missed #Apt23 tonite! No worries, I DVR'd. try to refrain from telling me what I missed!
Morning! I've already had to say "unbelievable" twice today! Should be an interesting day
I love "This paper". You need to check out my skills. I stepped my mixing game up ma!!
Local tv stations KNOW i can do the same 2 them. All they have on me 2 make me "look bad" is recorded messages of me yelling insulting truth
Internet never forgets.
Reading into how the cleaning lady put my conditioner into my shower; have I been putting conditioner on at the wrong time all these years?
I thought I had recovered. Now I'm back to shivering with a fever. I got April Fooled by my own body.
Thanks and for RTing and favoriting my posts and happy Thursday :)
Your weave should NEVER look like I can Shoot It
Johansson throwing the puck on his own net last night during a f%#>ing power play.
nice to think about it that way! I am running my first half in March. Thanks for your thoughts on the 10k.
#ReadMeDragRace. And I work for librarians, so don't **** it up.
not even a scratch -_- and he dipped while I was checking out the truck ...
I'm not 😊 and lol I keep forgetting
Thank goodness!
New Profile Pic :)
hmm some really cool guy with awesome photography skills! :)
I like free :)
Yes I have, unfortunately, right now it's the song from the Crystal Light television commercial!
I'm heading your way!
hahaha you make the best sandwiches
Sorry Oscar. Only truly economically stable model is one where they play for free. Just not enough paying customers/advertisers
You can play up to 3 at a time for free. They will be $5 after we exit beta.
Thanks for the RT Lisa!
I'm so tired of upgrading my iPad. Now I want the NEW IPAD. hehehe :o)
Discharged outspoken Marine works last day
One final down two to go
Come in for specialty cocktails, mimosas, and bloody marys!
Hi Suzanne. Charlotte says rarely but when someone DOES, it makes her love them even more!!
Please let me write an article for you about FUKKING CRAZY JAPANESE SEX! お願い! #vicemag I want to
I never lie :)
One of my colleagues thanked me for speaking up on behalf of non-reference librarians in a meeting the other day! :)
"distilling things so that you show a pattern" -Amanda Cox
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: When the dinner adjourns, thou shalt rise and wait for the President and head table guests to leave.
What should I do with all this kale?
i love you," I love you
Wow. RIP MCA. End of an era.
Have You Got Your Braces Off yet?!?!?! either way ur still sexier then anyother guy i have eva seen!!! <3 follow me
I wanted some sweet tea so badly, I ran through McDonald's :( !!!
there's always something cooking at BTS. Stay warm...
Kennedy: Gulf War Syndrome was originally diagnosed as stress-related. War was only 3 days long
": I just wann throw & #YoungMillionairesBash #NBA & #NFL party In DC." $$$$$$$
man works hard and is always on his grind and i personaly respect him...yall needa hop on GLOBAL14.COM and show the homie love
Thank you!
More thanks, Daniel!
email your info to info at harpboston dot com... Thank you!
See you there! RT Join me today:30pm 4/premiere of "Southern Blend" at UNCC Uptown. Talking about my #interracial marriage
Miami needs Bosh
Car got broken into great gotta love the five points
I need to buy more t-shirts.
ahh, when's the next blog? Needa make sure i dont make any plans! Please answer (:
I wish I lived back in the Old West days, because I'd save up my money for about twenty years so I could buy a solid-gold pick.
#iwny for the 1pm event. Hoping the tipping point is coming today.
you know it's all love bro and that I'm just kidding with you. Hope all is well my dude ❤
I Am Mama
We are all back in the office after a long holiday weekend
Hey thanks for the follow! We're excited for your tweets!
With the way he is beating on it, this guy's keyboard must have wronged him somehow.
but do cute women want cute wine?
I want you to want me
Don’t give up; keep fighting. God is Able to carry you through.
Computer problems can give you a serious case of the "Mondays"
We need four #Models for a paid gig at #birthday bash this year!! Hit us ASAP
no problem hun an yu to dont be a stranger(:
Glad you are excited! We are too. Staff is raving about the Leaf and we just got the Mitsubishi i Miev...
“: Why are we glued to our phones and computers all the time? Because the world is f*cking terrifying.” boom... BOOOMM...
What up tweet peep's!)
“If you haven’t done the right things on the #humancapital side, you are going to really struggle with #innovation.” Larry Zimpleman
Yip. Need tix, but i suspect there will be plenty floating around. RT you going to the game on Sunday?
Tequila dreams, May 11/12 edition: nice to see you and I think I'll have another margarita tonight.
My shadow days are over.
EHH I GIVE UP ON TRYING TO GET TOO FOLLOW ME BYYE IM OFF AND PROBABLY NOT COMING BACK TILL TOMORROW NIGHT ;(
Too many issues to address, too little time. Ellis: "Need a follow up meeting."
I got sonar 11 for sell n some beringer monitors . And a $300 Mic . Holla at me
Nothing like ending #humpday with a call from a guy named Woody!
follow back (:
we don't see 100s with 3 percent humidity in Vegas until middle of June typically. So it looks like summer is a month early!
we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar, Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease
new shit coming wednesday
No longer in ketosis, I'm just saying. Holidays are no
Ok, ran into an intruder and called the cops. Whew, THAT was freaky
Opening a test paper and seeing the first question and thinking "Yup, I'm screwed."
Believe it or not, I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow.. (:
Whose idea was it to have everything due at the end of the month?
Here's to the Directioners whose grades went in One Direction - "Down".
Mi-fi contract? I think that is a month-to-month add-on service to your regular service, terminable at will. Check it out.
On-the-Go Viewing of Vehicle Videos Hits the Fast Lane
I would like to introduce you to Marc Heyison, President and Founder
I'm planning on online version of Gourmet Typography, so sign up at my site to stay tuned!
Chuck Norris or the most interesting man from dos xx? My moneys on chuck!!!!
Lisa, we're re-sending that invite right now - let us know if it arrives safely!
#BiggestPetPeeve people who park in handicap or visitor spots when they are not handicapped or a visitor.
Mine is always just the opposite. Lol RT: “: The awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.”
They sure are going quickly today! RT : Randomly helped a couple find a piece of #FAFDET on the People Mover "
Yooo miss Connie
I followed you on tumblr
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a objection handling workshop to use with their students.
Omfg did tony sheffo just do the most amazing 'faithfully' ever??? Love birthday karaoke!!
I'm at right now. After?
at least we won't have to watch him take jumpers next year
Love Planet Fitness. My body drove me, my brain cooperated. Yeah me. 3 1/2 miles. Slow/incline as molasses and ewww so sweaty. Ick.
The U for sure! Other than Miami, maybe 'Bama or someplace different like Air Force or Navy.
Who's planning to join us on Sunday at the ?
Hi! TY for the follow Willie
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know that people make mistakes .
The only thing that could keep me from chasing right now is
depressed.. idk what's so wrong about me..
Hey, Ajay, thanks so much for all the mentions. Happy Holidays to you!
Many thanks to everyone who tweeted..text...call or facebook me a happy mothers day.....I so appreciate it.
Filming a segment about Sojourn restaurant on News.
#happyhour meets #NFL. Watch the #Steelers game from ! You can start pregaming with our $20 open bar 6-9pm
TOMORROW!!! Hollywood Tans is gonna be a party! Make sure to stop by for amazing deals and just a fun time!!!
Thanks for answering my question on the podcast today!
not much and you? :)
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. -Arthur C. Clark
it's time to make money
I got some things I'm working on. Just needed the time to do it.
#stpatricksday music with the Galway Guild and Bareknuckle Boxers. Best enjoyed with a Guiness!
I'm here @ Benicia Public Library 4 live music with fabulous bass player Michael Manring who used to play with the late great Michael Hedges
this is vigil right?
RT You'd think a near-perfect weather day in Seattle would quiet weather complainers. You'd also think wrong.
YAY FOR SEASON 3! I get to see Miss all the time then!
Per : "Thank you #Baltimore, you rock! You raised $865,740.59 for the Johns Hopkins Children's Center!"
Need someone to take over mgt of a site I built for a research group at MU. Basic site, low-level support, monthly contract.
I think we should not look too soon for the adult our children will become!
will show big brand examples in her #smss12 FB preso, but will also talk about how #smallbiz can adopt.
pokemon was alright
Beautiful fall day on the Menil Bookstore Patio-- Come browse our Walter de Maria table and start the weekend early
ya, that's what my uncle in CA is saying.... Bo:( Hang in there man!
hahaha no thanks
Long day -__- of to bed finished my #hw yayyy! Now good night!(:
I have two new student web workers this summer that have jumped right in to their jobs. And somehow they are both named Nathan.
Thanks for following!!!!
Wearing fake Hermes belts sagging your jeans they ain't real
Refactoring the GUI code today to expose content creation functionality!
come up here
worth getting a NB just to try Jolicloud?
Every #NHL12 club/OTP n00b picks Kings jerseys now. Funny thing is, when Kings are a default team/jersey for #NHL13, no one will use them...
Running into a spiderweb with a spider the size of your face is ever bit of surprising that you might expect.
yeah I know we are collab'ing
what's up gerald=) just stopping by to say hello. how's castinng?
Glamour is fleeting. Get it while you can. Find someone glamorous, turn them sideways, smile, & tilt their head back. Girls rule boys drool.
I already am,silly! :)
Please let us know how your dinner is tonight! Thanks for celebrating with us.
Guys who don't nag are such a blessing
This week is gonna be nerve recking.
Math test & Health Quiz tomorrow ..
Man that was a hell of a show! Got 2 see walk by us! Daughter says she looks like female prince! :)
Looking for a mature teen who'd be interested in blogging about the teen web series I'm producing. Get in touch if you know someone! Thanks!
“: Getting ready for my birthday tomorrow. FYI...I'm 17 minutes older ... Also birthday tomorrow 30 baby!! Go broncos !!
People to Follow for #eisummit info/tidbits:
Why dont the girls on Tumblr exist? 😖😢😣
#ThingsMyExsaid "i love you always and forever" -____- okay.....
#Hernandez open the vault I give it to him that was iight.
I wanna cuddle with #oomf 
here? Or gtalk?
We are having a and Sale! 40% OFF!
well said!
Thanks Santa!
FUCK YOU ADVERTISING ADHD AT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC! Advertising for the pharmaceutical companies especially @ kids is fucked up
aww! Okay i'll follow baxk but i tried like evryday but it always said the same thing evrytime i wnt on ur page! I'll try Nw
Lend me your hand and we'll conquer them all.
I know the answer. They are illegals. Some of the 89% I am sure are illegals bit that is a whole different issue.
Monday Morning Brain Buster: The average American has 8 of these. What are they?
The #NIV-Bible has deleted many verses out of the KJV version of the Bible, do not B fooled by these #blasphemous-mockers of God! KJV-Truth,
i think i just heard the worst rap song in history....
Playing some MW3! Fuck this game. I will soon have a video of me smashing MW3~
Tired of people in my life trying to force a square peg into a round hole. Preschool fundamentals...
can't! in studio producing Club Kane til midnight! i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow.
There is only one that will never leave nor forsake us, one that moves towards us and not away in moments of adversity. Thank GOD!
According to company estimates, one in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's
I Feel Love with all the people I'm chilling with!
People keep asking me, what are the " Rules to Being Single"
I had a wonderful time singing at the NYCO/Elle Decor event tonight in Soho!
Road closure notice: Fayette St between President St & Central Ave will be closed Sun 9/19 from 7am to noon.
And thanks to everyone who has submitted! Keep them coming! The deadline is tonight, at midnight!
Loose lips sink ships
Tositos commercial, dudes wearing sweaters and drinking wine
Watching America's Got Talent. Ngl, this dude who just sang just made me cry. :')
Blue Jays acquire Jeff Mathis in exchange for Brad Mills
someone's a hottie (:
I actually have a much bigger idea. You in?
First friday in abbott kinney was amazing! Good night everyone.
Lmao ikr !! dude i saw that you was counting to see how many woo's you had to type xD .... now that was funny !
Thanks so much - much appreciated! Sorry for too much plugging. ;( Cheers!!
going to a big school and still having an awesome turn out for
Hah. Well, parking one thing, but also don't forget tolls and bridges/tunnels :) And time.
If mildew appears on the grout lines of your shower enclosure? call 203 7941000
I swear today is sexy Sunday ! So many bad bitches out today
Happy bday !!! xo
that was my first thought.
Which courses do you prefer golfing?
is kind of sick of jobhunting already.
Semester ends, free time opens up, motivation to dries up.
: Yes, #FollowALibrary does work and I'm happy 2 follow u! Love that u support banned books week on Twtr. Keep up the good wrk!
Hopeless matrons prefer vermouth to vanilla in the baking of cookies.
Actually this sweater belongs to Carl see
Used Halloween #ClickySticky and #CookieDoodle in tx tdy for pronouns, present prog, following dirs w preschoolers today. Thanks #slpeeps !!
Cooking and Music. Great Family Time
Thanks for the support Loni!
It's been a great day so far at DanceFit Marketing! How's your Tuesday going?
Very Nice!!! I'll be in Columbus next week :)
you can hide circles in gmail. use the little dropdown menu.
We not only have a large inventory of new Dodge cars & trucks, we have a large array of used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 308
you either have to connect to a desktop monitor or extract the drive lol. Been there done that
talk about what, dude?
Alone in this section of library; two people just down at *next* table. Need to look as crazy as I actually am, maybe, to scare people away.
I'm not a toy so don't play with my heart when you feel like it!
it's probably the world series actually but I see what you mean
love these people too! amazing!
Shawn White.... Wow.
gotta get back in shape after this week..
Short sentences, repeating code phrases in effective, if irrational, order. Sounds like President GWB-era rhetoric.
Bouta blaze ugh........MII body hurt
Sometimes I feel like I dance better when I'm wearing pointe shoes.
Read this
Merry Christmas ICONic family! Its our first christmas together!
#InTheSummer i like to wear nothin but shorts
So much fun with , and tonight. Love them.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanks for sharing! How are you? You been following #DSIC12 this year?
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :)
I don't know too many DJs who would trust the cloud not to drop the beat...
I guess SR mentioned how she'd like a shortened season so I'm freaking out! I just want as much as possible!
Interesting that my #lawn is crunchy and brown buy my #garden is thriving.
I have to go everybody! Have a great Tuesday America and Canada! Good night Philippines! :)
A4: If you post a job on LinkedIn, LI tells you how you're connected to job. Candidate can find mutual contacts, learn, engage
leaving for Bama today. 3 days until game time!
Just woke up from a much needed nap c:
Needs more underboob
Ever since Plouffe got engaged, he's all clusterfucked. Women ruin everything!
Girls will be girls!!!
I feel like
Really?!? you are going to show Charlotte Bobcat LOWLIGHTS before #NHLPlayoffs highlights?..... #LAME. Go Pittsburgh
Everything in its right place
Kobes performance.... so far.
Good audience question: How do journalists produce distinct content if they're all drawing from same social media feeds?
Finally getting to watch Drive. Reminding me of an 80's DePalma film right off the bat.
my bad on the late reply.... old school was epic.... speaking of, we need to kick it old school... where u at
not your fault you sleep with the people in my school and either impregnate them or get pregnant. haha.
enjoy my dude ...
My nigga say u ain't no freak so u gotta prove my man wrong!
say more.
Appreciate the support! Keep the good work up in Track!
“: “Don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.” - Wiz Khalifa”
I just had a lalalaalalalalalalallalaBAM moment
it was that three hour nap Kaylee :) 💤💤💤
One of my favorite commercial galleries is on Canyon Road: Nuart Gallery.
- go talk to him. You know you wanna! :D
please follow me <333
Service to others is the payment you make for your space here on earth. Mohammed Ali
Tecmo RT : Name one part of our society, our culture, that you still have faith in. That you believe is uncorrupted.
especially if you like nick jonas! :)
Happy Friday (weekend) :)
Geometry exam. Oh god.
Remember u control who you're going to be in life. Stop going w/ the NORM nd do what YOU want to do. IT'S YOUR LIFE RIGHT?
It doesn't get any better
#Woe to him who #believes in #nothing ~
Check out our new pictures on Myspace or Facebook from our photo shoot yesterday.
you all for the follow! G'Night! :)
people are dumb as hell if they say that to you. Ignore them, you know for a fact you're so much better than them!
omg! I love Camille now too!
i want lyric 2 follow me so bad!
DEMOCRATS! is telling u 2 vote 4 ! What does that tell u? A vote 4 Filner is a vote 4 DeMaio.
I think that chokehold and shady could be made into really cool music videos. :)
well, apparently he put the hex on Tim Thomas, so I.wonder if it works on other fat goalies?
