thank you baby. I LOVE YOU
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing app # 130149 Nancy H.
Thank goodness for Ronnie Hillman. We'll get the W tonight, I'm sure.
you like it thanks so much!!
Fuck the world till ya bust a nut.
Ready to be in Boston!
new number imma dm it to u and give it to nicko and bb
Hate stupid people that try to cut in line, I was here first bitches..
Happy #OpeningDay Milwaukee! Enjoy the beautiful weather and great baseball!
Lol u can b my gina I can be yo martin
I had a hell of a time last night loud bak2bak Bacardi n pineapple juice wat a night
I absolutely hate having to do a sales pitch let alone a sponsorship pitch. Despite saying that at least I gained a new experience today.
dude you should meet and work together on this vegetable tasting menu - which sounds awesome.
RT : CNN Money ranks Santa Fe as one of America's Cleanest Cities per the American Lung Association giving the city top...
Early morning workout..gettin back to the task at hand
rt Stamped or Stained Concrete Atlanta Ga North Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Floors Patios Driveways 770-380-5277 Instant Quote Now
wordpress is addictive! thanks for all your help.
Lol Yeah a change of scenery is sometimes good. :)
Okay, Walter might be hard, but how about Bernie Shaw? Where did the real news go? They make fun of John Stewart but at least he ...
I will be there. Can stay until 10pm. Hope to see you there.
Thanks for the follow, Laura! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
RT : "& gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards!" So where and when do we meet??
Every library but mine is closed for weather today. So very, very sad.
If you've been on the fence wondering whether to become a BBcoach, stay tuned! I've got something you're gonna "Like"! :-) Have a gr8 day!
I don't think I'll ever change my twitter name
Check the Avi
Something I love about NY too!! :)
Stayed up late to finally finish reading The Art of Fielding. I'll be talking about this one for a long time. Book of the Year!
#RHONJ time. TV is fantastic.
Meet Daniel Dolce, designer of dress shirts and cuff links on Saturday, October 22.
when you text me, it makes me wanna jump up & down and scream and crap. but when you don't reply, you make me wanna rip out my hair.
If ur looking through the bible,try reading 1John 14:6-11. I love those verses.
#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
If she did just that she wouldn't have been able to do the terrible things she did.
Today was a total bust.... And not in a good way, maybe this will make me feel better...
I just think the big, red, upside down triangular Yield sign should be self explanatory.
Throbbing headache, here we meet again.
Da bulls game was live
"so tell me what SO GIVE ME A CHANCE!!"
Spent the weekend reworking first 30 pages here and there.Think I might be on track,but I've thought that before.
No way! I have a banana a day.
Thanks for the recommendations. I'm pulling quotes from Mayflower and Allied, and I figure, the more the merrier!
Had a good night :)
Signed up for half marathon... Trying to decide if #crossfit will help or hinder my training?
Sorry! =( I know I'm partially to blame for that. But if it's any consolation, I'm broke as hell too.
Happy Valentine's Day !
lol this is probably true
May eBay auction will begin Friday May 11th. An auction preview will be out later today!
Boston let's go.
Funny how & I didn't go to school today, Ms. Hilbig is gonna have a good day today. :) Lol.
Be safe out there!
Wow kellen lutz wasted on nbc
Yes almost there! I just have four weeks left of school
Congratulations to Brittini Hillstrom for winning the iPad2!!! More drawings to come!
I think it’s time to be honest. No more “LOL” when we’re not actually laughing…now we say “BTN” Breathing Through Nose.
Sorry we've been gone--it was admissions season for us and things have been BUSY. But we managed so get some great photos...stay tuned.
haha, thanks girl! :)
Old man on da bus got not only a,head ful of hair bt also in his ear
Actually no, they are a high quality vinyl adhesive wrap. A new product we are launching this month! We'd love your feedback
Cokie Roberts talking head...willing to blast women to carry the water for Repub Agenda!!!
mattress!) until morning, and i can drive you back home the next day. If you wanna drink more, that is.
#LetsBeAnimals 9 more days. Each second seems to be growing longer and longer. Uggghhhhh......
Hahahahaha yes you just made my day!
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever.
Tony Bennett is? I've had the pleasure of recording him in the studio several times. A GREAT talent!
I love robot people
will do tomorrow
One hour of cardio done :)
Software contractor euphemism for today: "We continue to troubleshoot various issue with your [system]" i.e. They have no clue what's wrong.
#np Home me & had so much fun here when u & used to Tweet when recording SFTROU!
Haha yeah, we had speculated it was for The Avengers but never really knew until I saw it onscreen tonight!
That joke doesn't always work. Some people might start sniffing.
Hope all of you are doing well, and Thanks for the new adds, you have all been added as well.
Just a quick stop to pick up ppl en route to Hartford!
Best part of being in Richmond with & ? We have #VASummit meetings while laying on the floor of HQ.
i got a show on june 19th in flushing, ny check out the event details at www.myspace.com/joridel425
i need more followers -.-
He can hav u now
5 weeks left in #abq. Excited to join in San Diego finally, but will miss #abq friends and family.
I don't know what to make of that... this picture better be fantastic!
I did follow
woahhh~ thanks for the follow, guys! youre the best ;D dig your tunes<3
I love salsa music!
You are a socialist then.
Here's a Q for JF: Is it true that you're in a facial hair arms race with and ?
had my 3d ultrasound today, amazing! now off to bed <3
Im not ignoring you because I hate you, Im ignoring you because I cant handle it anymore.
#girlbyenotwiththem plastic pearls
The label "super moon" was also in the sky in Nasalization font. The Super Moon makes things very convenient.
Marina, I'm not sure what to do with myself, with my life. Tell me very specifically what I should do tomorrow.
Head over to this weekend, say hi to Mike and enjoy a Fire Light.
u to old to be wearing that shit away
My pleasure :)
Have u ever wanted someone that didn't want u?
From not too busy to totally slammed! Cutting sound fX, BGs & Design on #SaintsandSoldiers, and cutting BGs on #BadBrains documentary.
hurry hurry hurry everyone look outside your window!!!
In 1908, the FBI was known only as the BI. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and has 56 field offices & 400 satellite offices.
Temple Emmanuel showing free environmental films! Forks Over Knives, about the link between food and disease, is tomorrow, 6:30 p.m.
#SNL GOTTA CATCH UP JUST GOTTA
and our idols are more respectful, but I tell ya this world is what it was like for when I was kid it's morescrewedup
careful what you wish for. “: It wasn't pretty but UGA headed to the Dome!!!! Bring on LSU!!! #GODAWGS”
he's in richmond, but reach out b/c i know they are planning a HH in the DMV sometimes this spring
lol damn. most I've had is four. my buddy usually has six or seven.
that's a cool sounding feature, though
lmao you guys are silly af!
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone drive off with the gas nozzle still in the car
"What would you do" always makes me cry!
[Book 3/100] What the Dog Saw, Malcolm Gladwell: gets better with each essay. Perfect to read in spurts, though who wants to put it down
Yes! It's rich-people drama. And I'm ashamed that I got sucked in. I blame this bar.
when will i be in justin's following list. -sigh- oh ya. nevurrr.
First Friday is around the corner! R2K Studio has so much to offer, such as $75 in studio credit for all local photographers that stop by!!!
- I'm hardcore like that. That, and I had moved all our liquor to the new place a couple days ago. Boo.
I've had 3 Acer laptops and have loved them all.
Thanks for the mention in WCP!
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 5:37 PM using Waze - Drive Social
- Signed you up for access #INGDirect account - look for email and follow steps. Look for 2nd email from me explaining why.
my computer's battery declares itself to be part of the 99%.
#favemusicmoment the dubstep break in the Til the World Ends remix
chio dance #plasticinmyhair with the best date ever
I get to hang with at 3p today... here's my excited sound.. e
ain't no turn'n around
I've heard good things about the riding in MSP. Looking forward to mixing it up with some locals.
100% --- so tonight at 6 we'll explore the question: "Why spend $300K to hold an election that's results are meaningless?"
Lol see u Monday :) Back to school :P bleh
it was wonderful! Sorry, couldn't live tweet, my phone died :/
Not much man,just chillin and texting people.Hbu?
saw you at BJ's yesterday, wanted to shout at you, but respected your privacy.
Just waiting to watch the new Atlanta Housewives
thank you! Have a good morning run
Is anyone particularly surprised that has the longest line at #Truckeroo ? Not me!
Scenes from a Life: George Takei
Coyotes with 20th Pick Select Def Connor Murphy from US Under 18 Team
Finding out someone who you never thought would smoke actually smokes #winning #stillblazingtho #🔥💨💚
I know! Haha we look so tiny!
looks to be song of fire and ice book 1...or I'll screw up and check out book 3 from the library and be more confused
Yay! My arrived. Pkg so nice I wanted to touch and even smell. Display in my living room? should get.
Please share your discovery! Figured out some really useful code to create dynamic Facebook landing page.
Today was not that productive and yet surprisingly enjoyable
Eva Grubb is practicing in my attic! somebody get me a beer!
Checking up on Twitter after a long time away...I should come on here more often!
We definitely need a grinder/rough guy. Something like Perkins to compliment and help Tyson. Used to love those 90's teams.
Everyone next to me is ordering things for the table. Why is it for the table? Is the table hungry? Does the table eat caesar salad?
I just snot rocketed onto my homework. oops.
HIMYM's got nothing on how I've ruined my favorite bar
You did a great job Tae.
Best of luck!
I love you!
-smiles- Thanks
What the hell Tami? What the hell?
sheesh...people just need to lighten up. Haha. I love it!
We were closed yesterday, our lunch hours are Tue-Fri, 11-2:00 PM. Terribly sorry for the confusion. How was your anniversary?
hey ur in the story but it was to long so Imma finish kk
Pop music is garbage.
Jam holds on to the lead defeating the Energy 90-87!
ZOMG you guys. We're running in like 3 weeks. Should we have a meet-up place?
- Where can I get accessories, shield, side panels for a KBC TK201S?
Would the #government please get its foot off my neck enough for me to enjoy my dinner...
So I'm back on social media after lent. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. God is good!
Thank you for following We're honored! How did you hear about us?
Watching slumdog millionaire .
Awesome dinner at Sake and a bunch of rolls. I had the eel.
Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Headed to San Marcos, hope the traffic ain't bad :-\
That nap >
It is def going... be back in the A later this week. Missing everone but is truly doin her thang!
Something like: #ff for the right mix of puns and social media enthusiasm?
Smart & sensitive side are both a big part of
oh. Good to know.
take me to eat!
Hey, we haven't decided for sure, yet, rt? We're just raising the possibility.
the technicolor joint?
Well, it lets me stream it to my TV on my Roku so I don't have to sit in front of the computer to watch. I like that.
a lot of AP comparisons. You don't get that without at least very good talent lol
thanks so much! I hope you are doing well.
From Audience to Action coming soon..... Complacency is NOT an option. Get ready.
That was creepy, but amazing.
RT : Christopher Reynolds: When he started at Los Angeles Times in 1990 there were about 1,000 staffers; now about...
feeling tired!
did my teacher just say worry about ur sex life not his
You shouldn't have to be controlling over your girlfriend.
": #twitterpeopleIlove and .Great follows! #tweetnumber6666" love you right back man.
cybercraptastic intro for
I4 bound headed to #Orlando to see #HouseOfBlues ready for an amazing performance
“: finding a mothers day card with a squirrel is proving difficult....”
now that's what I'm talking about! Haha!
what you think of his other film? Down Terrace.
Okayys. Haven't tweeted on here ferr a whiles. So I'm gonna start.
Beautiful Jerks= just jerks now because you can't see there beautifulness with out their Jerkiness in the way.
twit me appropriate a&r to sign hip hop artist
nice! hope y'all enjoy!
and what's with the generic LinkedIn invites? Tell me who you are if you want to network.
All opportunities have a window. Don't underestimate the importance of timing to the success of your ideas!
Thanks for the suggestion! I'll give it a try.
Hello ,everyone this is a freelance writer and I'm working on my new play.. Always looking for helpful people..
Pierce is known as the best passer ever so keep doing that Paul. It never leads to a turnover. Can Doc do SOMETHING?
Yes I'm A 7th Grader , Lol Why Does Everyone Think I Look Older ? I Don't Take It As A Compliment -___- I'm Not Old :P
THINK on HARD copy CD'S vs DIGITAL music..
~Happy Easter~
Kay Gees birthday party was a success besides the blisters and bruises:)
Hello Sonic Twitter fans, We just received permits to build our Annapolis area store. We will be breaking ground next week.
I don't know why but I can't win with or without you...
Well done! Thank you so much for sharing!
Rangers announce Darvish signing
Launching waternow project with Feed the Kingdom to drill water wells in Africa and help build and serve communities.
Mr. Biden is sucking a throat lozenge.
": “: Have not had one cig today :)” let yesterday be your last day of smoking tobacco :)" like ur way of thinkin!!
With the weather telling us Spring is right around the corner, what activities do you have planned for the next few weeks?
Nothing is better than a great morning run
Does just *hearing* the church bells count?
Best concert ever!!
From blacks to chinitos.. K.
sorry guys, were sold out of herring... we will have more next week
I dnt know where it could go:)We could talk hockey,I'll take care of you on-air.Can edit.make u look good.want to plug anythin?
Just walked into Biwa. Let the TBud titillation begin.
Am I going to be the only one that acknowledges that Phillip Phillips is a mirror copy of Dave Matthews, down to the facial expressions?!
thanks for the #FF!
I suck at twitter.
#5wordsWAYaftersex "yuh on the pill right?"
LETS DO A TRENDING TROPIC FOR AUSTIN!
Awesome. I'm still on 2007, but that will be handy when I get the upgrade. I found similar function through 2007's spellchecker.
#RAVENNATION Thank you for a great season and your support! #Atlanta is STILL RAVENSTOWN!! BLACK AND PURPLE FOREVER!!!
": Dua ~ The most beautiful, most valuable and most powerful form of communication."
When says, "boom there it is," you know you have to look up and pay attention. :-)
H&H wants to welcome Bobby Sepolen With Keller Williams Real Estate to the H&H family!
Watch Peavy make his 2nd start tonight against the Indians!
#Follow <- Moving & Shaking up the Social Media World w her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
When guys have muscular arms <<<<<
Great meeting you:)
An email was supposed to be sent at 10 a.m. It's been stuck in "sending" mode for too long. Please help?!
#intalent. Great dinner with #linkedin team. Thanks !
"Luck" event factors: 1. U didn't cause it, 2. It has significant consequences, 3. Element of surprise. Jim Collins
#ThingsThatNeedToHappenBeforeILeave Me and and need to go to Denny's, for motha' fuckin' chicken wraps.
Love installing dimmers for overhead lighting. The light is customizable for every occasion!
At the end of the first period the game is tied up at 1-1. A close battle so far!
It makes me sad that hasn't talked to me all day. WHAT THE HELL ALEX
Feel blessed to be able to help other #entrepreneurs build their products & pursue their dreams. Some super cool stuff coming out soon!
awesome keep me posted
Ha I fucks with owl city
announce plans to have all players wear really tight, short, shorts this season, in recognition of their fans.
Beverly Hills.
Kathryn Hahn Joins Ben Stiller In The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty She's everywhere nowadays.
Feel like Lakers aren't much of. "Team" this year. Still my boys though!!! Props to the win tonight!
Burner was left on low. Oven should have a red light on top when it's on.
hi Tyler I love you,I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
Home for The latest spring break in the history of all college spring breaks
We need to check the women
by avoiding bidding process, PK can use higher price/quality product. Beautiful buildings. Not using low price labor.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this... ;)
Free Shipping on all orders over $500. Let us help you stock up on door hardware for this coming year!
You dress so rachet everyday
We all miss you so much!!! Come back and visit us :-) And, retweet the blog link!! Shit's hilarious!!!! xoxoxoxoxox
Happy Mothers Day
Who gave you your first kiss and how old were you?
tweets are so addicting . ^.^
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
Trouble is a part of life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you enough chance to love you enough. -Dinah Shore
you nor go kill urself... see as dem dey match u...this is crazy
IN THE LIVING ROOM
Wow... in Where Have You Been's music video... Jesus Rihanna.
Welp I'm about to be late for practice
"I am a fan of the #LeachReport and I want a FREE #BBNSwat t-shirt"
": the world is just full of surprises =>"
GF & I talked bout switching 2 Atheist DEM or INDEP doctor. SAD! Never till NOW did worry that Christian doc would lie and/or refuse care.
i want to be a model soo bad but i know that i will have to work hard to get there and im ready for it:) hard work pays off!
Where did u get ur ears pierced????
#fallforum AASL Maniotes: Inquiry process based on Kuhlthau's ISP model - research based, research tested, research validated
what time is registration at?
RT : Don't take this struggle that you are in right now personally!
Acappella concert in china town
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana say what banana say
unique new york
So excited for with I'm glad that we're doing this before I'm 1,500 miles away from Boston for 2 months!
Glad I'm getting off soon
what would we be without our childhood friends? Naomi, youre awesome.
Sorry, I didn't think anyone would see me do that “: The man with Elle McPherson just put his hand casually on her butt. Classy.
Some people will never get it. So, stop trying to give it to them. it's someone else out there not only who want it. but, need it.
": Let it go. It may hurt for a while, but when you get over it, you'll see that you're better off."
I'll call the imaginary maintenance folks and have them imaginarily get right on that. What color should I imaginarily use?
Join us for Navigating the Chamber this afternoon from 3pm-4pm here at the Fishers Chamber office!
You play U laughing are u okay Blink once or I will call the cops 2 ur house u don't need that extra physical abuse!
You don't just cross the line...you pole vault over it.
I hate when that happens....the day drags and seems so much longer.
Laughing so hard you sit there clapping like a retarded seal!!
um no crying in our bday month redhead unless its tears of JOY
hahahahaha...whats good, what u got up 4 the day?
We filled his pickup so much he yelled "Dang, they might not even let ME in with that much!" We laughed. As we drove away
": Scared out of my mind.....:'(" you good? What's wrong homie?
Great conversations w/seniors! RT : Be bound by nothing. Do your own thing, cut your own path.
Headed to Board meeting. Come join us at 5:30 tonight at is our speaker.
I lived near Blois for almost a year back in the day. Beautiful place. Hope he has a great time.
No. 1 pick in fantasy football. Who do I take?
Submit your MUSIC+ART+PHOTOGRAPHY+FASHION+DIMES to
I swear these folks funny
No one is on campus
Right now, me and Soft Rock 97.1 WASH FM agree that we like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain.
“ Off work..headed to the liquor store”
Thank you. It's still a little strange, what my hobby is becoming. Most people I know didn't even know about it.
not specific bars for each team. But the #SBVillage will have pep rallies for each team next Friday and Saturday. Join us!
My daughter loves it too. One of the artists drew her a Frankie Stein -- it's on her wall and she adores it!
Thanks for the follow - we love your place!
Think it's safe to say neither Cohn will get much in the way of one-on-one interview time with or this season.
well death cause someone who is going to die usually goes to get taken care of
Don't wanna go to school
To the gym for a quick run before the event tonight.
My hair does not hold curls at all...
import data into online app that automatically generates relevant infographics of my choice. Intuitive data input instructions.
Hi guys. :3
#nascar # californiacostumes Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at nearly 190 m
Was supposed to go out with a former coworker, but I guess not. God; I hate flakey people
There is no better way to wake up than blasing music and drinking coffee (:
Oransky. Writing about a study after just reading a press release w/o reading the entire paper is journalistic malpractice.
What a crappy night! Cubs suck and so do I!!
. Unions are democracy in the workplace. So if you hate Unions you hate the democratic process. It's simple.
Can't stop thinking about kickball today son!
Did a good job on my Avanti Audition, a was a business person leasing office space instead selling. Thank God I memorized the script!
Make sure you follow my band on twitter! We have live practice updates as well as links to our free ep!
What a move
Making pancakes, steak, eggs and bacon for #brunch this morning with kids.
Example is the way forward, I got a few favourite songs atm though :L <3
SHOCKED at the outcome of the Casey Anthony outcome. Not guilty on the serious charges. Guilty of counts related to lying to police.
hey I sent you the link to my site.
Britney Spear's movie is on Netflix
Kids woke up singing - "where am I going how do I get there and when I get there what do I do" kind of an apropos kids anthem no?
We don't really say "Teflon" pan anymore, but "non-stick." That's all I got, good night~
#WeWereCoolUntil U said King James Sucked Cuz He doesn't Have a Ring Yet
Excited to sing National Anthem at Victory Field with a few Debtones :)
They'll lead to the odd couple direct buys, but I suspect they're more helpful if readers've already heard of you
It wouldn't be the first time that the District has had issues urging the public to take action on a matter.
lol @ your last tweet
looks like sept 5th and lawn seats are 25 bucks. I'm in. Could be a big
you and your crew are an inspiration. Thanks!
lmfao she was cute
lol well we try to share some of our perks every now and then, and we know that you're a Rangers fan ;)
“: you'll kiss you for me?” lol I meant "em" and it auto corrected me!
heh. those are surprisingly harder to find.
Who are the #Dolphins picking up? Another quarterback?
Wait...Ice is looking for coconut soap online. That's an impressive hedgehog!
Happy Thanksgiving from the ascedians! We're thankful we get to work with so many wonderful people.
Stopping by #KPL then off to ikea with
small ball?
Happy Mothers Day weekend! What are you doing for your mom on Sunday?
Make sure your brand identity speaks to your clients. Your coherence in print and on the web should make you recognizable and credible.
tune into guys and an athlete with and the gang every Tuesday 8-10pm (est) on wARKLive
We are pulling up our sleeves to start shipping out our issue! Get ready!
Dear if you're reading this tweet, can you please come to Alpine this year?!?!
Just arrived for sale, Bottles of Bockor Cuvee Ves Jacobins Rouge & more bottles of Fremont Brewing Bourbon Abominable Winter Ale
Looks like a fun line up this year!
Happy Holidays Spartans!!
I need food!!
Fucced up at one thirty!!
I hope that #Time cover is photoshopped cause that kid is going to be traumatized BY ALL THE HIGH FIVES HE'S GONNA BE GIVING IN KINDERGARTEN
manson girls
Looking forward to catching up on your new book, soft butter, this weekend.
This Day 1905: Robert La Follette elected to the U.S. Senate. He delayed taking his seat until January 1906.
Join our mobile adoption unit today at PETCO (3601 Old Airport Road NW) for Maddie’s Adoption Guarantee Coalition Event! 10am-2pm.
Still don't like or condone Rush, but if I were in advertising I'd be calling over there to see what kind of rates can be negotiated
what website?
I have not drank near enough water today.
And I spent weeks telling them exactly where and how this would happen, but they, as usual, think they know better.
This is one of those mornings where you have to get up and grind but you'd rather stay in bed
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
umm excuse me I believe I was correct the first time I love you booger 
nothing like an icepack to cool things down. ;)
dyin hair dark brown
working on maquettes for an installation next month! exciting!
if number 1 is taken, what would be your second choice?
ah okay. Thanks girll :)
The Won Cause gets an honorable mention for the Lincoln Prize which recognizes best books in Civil war History
Thanks for the RT! :)
Have to wake up in 3 hrs and I can't fall asleep
'mon Teebs! This is the big one.
I LOVE YOU VICTORIA. *godpoints*
Sittin in my quiet apt in deep thought.....
HaHaHa!! You are too!!:D
relaxin at home for now - got class tomorrow and then a day off - :)
Right on! I applaud your bold move.
Arsenal's insane transfer dealings over the last 8 months force me to conclude either Arsene Wenger is not in control or is losing his mind
Playing Rock Band!!! Holla!! Happy Birthday Jon!! lols (Congratulations )
Davidson: Be sensitive to different cognitive styles. World needs those who focus on lot at once & those w/ laser focus on 1 thing
Thanks for the RT.
Clippers are playing like a team without much late-game playoff experience. Hmm...
This lil lite of mine....im gon let it shine...
exactly! He's been competitive in a lot of races but lady luck is def not on his side!
To be honest, I have no idea what day we're getting out of school.
Go ahead check out Fos. We Dare you.
Sweet! I guess we were more trying to find out which one of the new Salvo's? There are 5 different models now… :)
that dirty hippie!
Third RT : “: please change s song!” <-- I second that.
Wow Trick Daddy lives in Silver Shores
OH MAN I LOVED IT
Cincinnati Straight Edge, you disgust me. After the crap you pulled last night, you better hope the Police find/have found you.
Hell yea. The good ol days
Green is My Favorite Color, #followfriday because she loves green, and is a fun Tweep.
we should get #50000mahomies trending for <3; ♥
RT : RT Before any decision ask "what good can come from this decision?" It is amazing how many things we do differently...
perfect for holiday shopping RT Macy's having big sale up to 75% this wknd.
Im renting Clash of the Titans. I dont know if it's any good...haven't heard. I'm just thinkin, a guy like me should've seen this already.
Pizza time! Starving. As always.
-Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Hot shower
Cause she love her awesome uncle! Lol
hello!!! sending care your way! <3
awws I love you too darling 💜
Just finished Skyping some beautiful people, and
!!!!“ any mixed girl > yello bones”
Lively mind
One last time ri.i.p Adam Yauch. Prayers go out to you and you family. I can't describe the feeling I have of your passing.Mayyouliveon4ever
Blue Jays now selling Twitter handle T's (via , )
“: Wow that was a good move by ” Damn Right!!
How do general contractors find, hire, manage and pay great contractors? I'll show you how so you can save a fortune on your home projects.
Well u know I would be right out there to help u if I could (#MakeAChange)
“ Do u know it hurts? Do u know how I feel? .....#fucku”
Ai #Weiwei giving testimony to the world he lives in. If everything is out in the opening, there's nothing to spy on.
Where do we start?
Jennifer Hudson sang "I will always love you"...never quite like Ms. Houston, but nearly flawless. Well done.
Had to do something about how lazy I was feeling...
Up bright and early to head into #Boston for Bound to End Badly at !
Great! Thanks for doing what you said you would do by reading it! You Rock!
everybody gonna be drunk as hell tonight lol
What would you love to do or are already doing that makes you feel that who you are and what you do makes a difference​?
and hm as in I'm right?
Thank you do much sweetie! Yay!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Less than three weeks in Denver until I head back to San Diego!
what does one wear when jumping out of a plane? ..anyone have a track suit I can borrow?
This time tomorrow night the #Mavs will still be in the first quarter. Headed to bed to get some early rest.
Caught a great Buddy Guy show at Ravinia with & Ala. Beautiful stars, beautiful music, beautiful company :)
ive learned to forgive&forget. hard to do. but it takes courage.
fina get on oovoo wit marco
Fresh Berry Friday with our Special Crepes filled with Strawberries and Blueberries!
well Dallas was in the superbowl!! oh wait just their stadium was. lol
which one, the cbs mic or jc's? :-)
The only bionic implant I would accept is a throat that could actually be cleared. I hate the "organic" one I have now
UGH!! Just seeing your smirk in my timeline is making me ill
The weather is nice and motorcycle season is in full bloom. Buying a bike? Read this fist.
RT : If your Hooters waitress has a white name-tag, she's under 21. Orange name-tag means over 21.
Donut Whole Foods
RT : Being a tough cookie is a good thing. Soft cookies fall apart under the tiniest of pressures. ~
Getting ready for the graduation. Can't wait til 2 years from now
Ikea?? “: Swedish meatballs, you temporarily soothe me. #sweetsweetsaltpellets”
& - thx for spending #superbowl sunday in Denver! the start of a successful promo tour begins w blue cheese dip
it's all good, we out here getting it one way or another
Why, thank you for the mention! I'm honored.
Out of school :D
Come on Blazers! Win a damn game!
I'm not sure.
First details emerge in sealed Shawnee murder case - Bonner Springs Chieftain
optical illusion I guess! People always say "she's so big!" but 75 lbs is not that big. She's fluffy.
can't slow down too much evil in ma rear view!
I can only say that I have acted upon my best convictions, without selfishness or malice, and by the help of God I will continue to do so.
sometimes…the person you want most is the person you’re best without...
The sun? That's what it looks like?
Really, if given the choice, would you be watching Celebrity Apprentice or these reporters droning on with no real news to report.
u play volleyball???? so do I :) thats awesome sauce <3
Are you handling the parking at the Miami Marlins games?
I'm not 19 anymore! My body is not ready.
one more day.
You're the best! :)
I'll see you tomorrow! So excited for the data viz talk/Geoloqi time/Map Attack (I'm going to kick some ass)/Portland visit.
Thanks! Only saw film - stirs powerful emotions with images/music. Drop u an email with details. More on film
NicolakPoker 50+ is a requirement ... do not know about any penalty if you tried to slip in
yes:) of course
We Are...MARQUETTE!
yeah I think that one was my favorite
ACRL Futures Thinking: libraries need to be / act like rock stars. Actually not a bad idea.
Raven Symone comes out as a lesbian. And somewhere is sweeping up the broken pieces of his heart. I feel you good sir.
Lebron doesn't wear socks with his shoes lol! man i know those shoes are stinky afterwards
* worse. RT “: ifeel so much better (:”
De qué? :o
How was my latte art?
You see the same thing I see? RT : shut yur mouth yu dirty slut. yu know yu want it in yur butt.
Follow the team
Thanks for your kind mention and your ongoing advocacy for #immigration issues.
dont you mean don't stop beliebing !?
PSA - Going abroad? Buy travel medical insurance for the trip. Recent air medical flight from India to Boston: $45,000.
people i followed please follow me back
Wondering who my 50th follower will be...
Love meatballs. Can'[t believe, I'm finally trendy!
Go go go go go
Should be at Neumos tonight seeing the Constantines, but I got too tired and lazy. Instead I'll watch Tim & eric on DVD.
awhhhh thank you ( :
Movies have grown too reliant on special effects, need to see some more thought
Uh, he better get to work on that ish. That's like...the majority of a woman's child-bearing years.
Thanks so much for the kind words. I'm happy to share them. Too sweet to keep them to myself.
RT : So, who used the #recycling containers downtown #Indy this past weekend?
Any House fans?
“: Who you guys picking tonight?..”-- go cats
Aww;( now you made me sad :( follow me to make me happy ;) plz
Texas law would send unethical sports agents to prison.
Anytime! U deserve it.
can you or Matt go to room 342? We're having Mac issues
haha you got a stage name?
Ironic...and sad. And clearly discriminatory...smacking of cultural profiling.
People of #Newyork be scared
ITS GONNA BE 2012 4EVER!!! DICK CLARK DIED!!! D:
Proof we need more movies that incorporate random acts of song. #oscars #onlytwobestsongs??
count me in!!!
I have 0 beers in mine.
IKR, I think it'd be worth it though. Just to see the look on his fabulous face when he sees 2 adult women like that. Haha
& him & his hairline going to bust that ass! LoL
getting serenaded on the phone by a u.s. soldier who is also a country boy ❤ >>>>>>
I'm gonna need someone to push me through Target in a shopping cart.
Ok, that's two on the police and lawyer side, I'd still like to know why hasn't Zimmerman been arrested yet.
The fact that you do not understand our foreign policy and our history in Afghan makes me happy you are not the Pres!
I'd rather learn to like something so I can have a positive attitude about it than waste energy hating something I have no control over!
Crying for no reason
I'm still kinda sick...
Waiting on the world's longest train @ RR crossing on S. Laredo Street.
if you paid attention, the UK-UNC is not going happen this year. Come on.
Oh you better believe I am still going to find the good BBQ in or around DC.
well i reformated and had to get thenew verson from twitter
Curled my hair, but a bunch of hairspray on, so if my hair goes uncurly tomorrow I will be pissed!
Thinks Dolly Parton is a genius and an angel on earth.
Nothing scary about $250 credit. Enter to win, by tweeting the scariest place you've ever been to. Include
shouldn't you make things you like first? Why other people, then you?
i was in there for 2 hours....its so bad
Despite being jailed for riding a bus, injusticed for their race, and faced with the threat of death, they still managed to sing.
Outdoor Furniture Sale begins today, Up to 20% off!
Luckily it wasn't anything a couple Ctrl+Z's couldn't fix.
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't accept my past and hope the best for the future
Thouroughly hooked on Everybody Wants To Rule The World by Tears for Fears and Free by Graffiti 6
Summertime is the best time to work on your game. can help you reach your goals. NY ballers - let's do this!
Same. I hope you are OK?
Coilunders on a z
#primFTISLANDNYC I won't stop tweeting! FT ISLAND PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK! ^__^
Obama Administration's Announcement. New policy is not an Amnesty
When is up on the stage with their award, Americans are anxiously waiting for their tweets of them winning at their homes!!!
let me know if I can help!
He agreed to marry me.....so that pretty much means we can have sex...right? So agreed to have sex with me..... -DEAD-
Good Morning, Lovers. How are we?
Knicks we could do this!
seriously, when do u sleep? Don't u have any down time?
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister
weird, maybe? There was some motorcade that closed down 395 yesterday, I believe.
Looking forward to learning and having fun at Cisco Live! Just remember, what happens in Vegas will eventually get back to your Other
pretty sure economics is the most pseudo of the pseudo sciences. We are rational and acting in our own best interests? Hardly.
does what you said go for vets too
Be glad you're not in Seattle. Here we just get drunk & fat.
What about your face card?
Packers or Falcons... Packers win with a late touchdown to go ahead 28, 24.
just had the best idea for a new web series.
Does anyone know anything about an Elders and Youth event for Alaska Natives going on in Anchorage anytime soon?
I'm another southerner trying to make it big in the Big Apple. I love you. Thanks for being an inspiration!
Video filmed at historic 16th st. baptist church in civil rights dist. in
Today #HillaryClinton is the same age as - 64! Doesn't seem like they're the same age!
Wow! It is THEE day for patio/riverwalk dining today. Let's do this!
$3 drafts til 8 and free pizza while it lasts at
Yo this weather needs to get warmer damn sick of the low 60's
Great job...what instrument?
civil discourse has been sadly lacking on both sides I will agree - but hey we can be trailblazers! :)
stoked. Are you still down for the #Blazers game that Saturday?
Returning the love! Thanks for being such excellent partners!
shits the truth!!
It'd be funny if other singers yelled out their record label like Lil Wayne. Like if Adele was just like "Rolling in the deep, Columbia!"
November 6th - Sakonnet Roller Rats vs Old Money Honeys - Championship BOUT!! 7pm, buy tickets online NOW!
Tornado warning for eastern jefferson county till 2:45
thanks so much :)
That is freaking priceless!!
That's outside of San Antonio. Its just over an hour from Austin, so hence why I didn't know it.
LOL! Because I had to keep fighting dudes off of me all night. I couldn't focus on texting because they were too thirsty.
Success is like pregnancies. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got screw to achieve it
Burrrgggeerrrr and fresh cut Fry's .Yummy
RT : NORD Comm had planned to whittle 4 candidates to 3 today but backed down after asked em not to
We love when customers give us feedback because it's always great to know how we're doing. thanks to Essance Ragland, Priscilla...
Wrestling is fake.
Thank you! I have a lot of love to share! #shellyshines~
So jealous. This tour has been incredible so far.
One more hour!
not every coach likes Bulgarian-ish methods. My program is clearly on that spectrum. Yes max daily is the idea
im joking!
my birth certificate says Mc Loving not Jeremy
There I go, overthinking everything again.
Sorry hun!! Thought I had all the famers! Glad to connect with you!
The Natalie Wood case from 1981 is so interesting. She somehow fell off her yacht and drowned off CA... but now the case is reopened.
Cosign RT : So Happy To Have You Back On The Ice Tonight!!!! Great win by you and the team!
Ok, have now put up my car windows as a way to ensure that the rain all misses us.
All electronics at Diversity Thrift are 25% off today!!
Very true. Scarves are very versatile accessories.
you're so amazing
good choice
Waiting for enya.
It's better to die on my feet then to continue on my knees
Chinese could use bing; it will give what it has and then go to google and bypass restrictions.
I can #fuck yo #bitch and act like I never knew her
Thank you!
ok, maybe I'm not that protective of my flowers. But still. I'm resisting the temptation to tell him that she didn't clean her house.
Check out and the upcoming #wineriot event. THIS is how wine tastings should be done!
I doubt they will have half smokes. Also family communion during FA Cup final. Brutal. I don't even believe in Jebus.
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!!! Soundgarden "Live To Rise" at 12:45p with
Not the heat RT : Sup Luis =) RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
I think Mexican food for lunch would be lovely today.
How spoiled are developers to work in an industry where, when we see a site we like, we count on clicking on the "jobs" link in the footer?
Someone told me : " atleast I don't cry when I go to sleep " . Shall I say more ? .... :/ wow.
Soft drinks: Public enemy No 1. in obesity fight? - The Keene Sentinel
Hahaha, thanks! It was my fault for wearing socks -too slippery!
hello sexy check out my new book Vanillas Ladies link on my page to free preview on my blog x
I smoke weed until I hallucinate.
Hi Impressive article! Do you think implementation of such an #education platform will improve #student #learning?
Can u edit this pic for my icon? Can I have my username it it like the other one, maybe bigger & something to do with Ari?
Making scrambled eggs and watching sesame street. Life is good.
Man at white castle at 1018.. like its the end of the night at the bar.. we are not experienced day drinkers
Taking Seneca off my reading list... RT "You must live for another if you wish to live for yourself" - Seneca
Yesterday I sent surveys to CA-52 candidates on Qs re: bicycling as transpo if elected. Disconcerting how responses are split on party lines
Sign up for free here: afreething.com/Yours, and wait till your convinced, then you'll be in posisition to upgrade when you want.
@ this point in my life... im looking @ it like a hustle...
ok thanks
the lady in my profile pic is former WEE Diva and my idol Maria Kanellis.
why my nig ?
I want to be able to tell the world my storm in order to help others get over there storm.
umm awkward moment when Nick doesnt wear Panties
": Where are all the Luke Fickell haters now? #idiots"
"VOLTA8 occurs just after the commencement of dOCUMENTA 13, which will drive throngs to Switzerland." am I missing something here?
Haha close one, but group majority says cheerleaders. lol the things we do at bball
Getting ready for BBQ at #NavyPier. Stop by to taste our delish wagyu short ribs! See u there! #NRA SHOW
I love green bean casserole!
Going for that first kickball win...ISUFS Activate!!!
When will #NFL will start selling double-deck seating on people's shoulders.
In case you missed it the first time, catch me on Episode 8 of #BravoTV's Million Dollar Listing NY tonight. 7:45 pm.
Who's watching Mad Men tonight? What attracts you to this show? What doesn't?
Kitten mittens
lamb today is on the menu. I freaking love you)
miss you too.We need to catch up ! Our yoga "friend" was at the Y on Friday, of course I thought of you&lost my monkey mind ;)
so jealous and distrurbed at the same time
When she's quiet it's dangerous. She's either about to explode, start crying, or at her worst, and often screaming on the inside.
Hi Greg: how are you? just stopping by to say hello...i have missed my blogosphere (been working CRAZY...). Happy 2012!
OK, that Blake Griffin dunk was one of the best posterizations EVER...
I second this statement.
Watching a shitty movie by myself
ian even get accepted i got tired of takin that act
they would have nothing to say right? #feedme #petme don't stop lol
So yestetday was 4/20 and a Friday night… I had a fucking 5 hour softball.
Contemplating stimulus effect of NY gay marriage. All those weddings! 8-)
of course I do! Hope everything is good! Have a great week! :)
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Grilled Polish Beef and Regular Beef Sausages for only $2.50! Can't beat that deal with a stick, or bat or a tire iron
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty just cause they fired sparano
I love 92.7 because it reminds me of tally; a part of me has stayed there.
Tells self he's gonna sleep at midnight. Pretty girl posts status, must comment until complete -_- lol
gonna get his ass kicked.
Tru friends are hard to come by...
"wow you really like your hockey team" everyone else in the meeting I was in
aguado! We want you back.
“It Simply IS” Dewarren Moses – I’ll Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop – Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby * Soul, R&B
Feed the birds. Tuppence a bag.
I can never open my fucking gatorades 😒👊
I have to get up at 3:30 in the morning. And I'm exhausted, but not ready to sleep.. If that makes any sense.
It's sad, though. Our profession is also being saturated with folks who have no training, but know how to shock-promote.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
Twitter contest for journos: Post ur pic of most heinous colleague workspace. The workspace being heinous, not nec the colleague.
NEW!See examples of how HubSpot customers use Facebook fan pages to generate Likes and leads
I wish we got to play in the new district. It's soft other than Skyline and Jesuit.
be strong you are in this situation because you are strong enough for the situation
Aligning plans for a big weekend in Buffalo. Get at me if you will be around.
Nothing is impossible if you don't believe it so.
awesome! thank you very much
oh ok well I appreciate you clearing that up for me ;-) I hope you get laid soon so you can go back to "normal" lol
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
I'll text you.!
Aw, I am soo happy you're ok!! :)
Plop my fans!! T2day with my friends we talk n we dance the Hip Hop.. Yeah
ive been sick all week with the niro virus it sucks hope u guy dont get it
What up to all my fam, Big things in the makings, The new DNA album is right around the corner!! One love!!
I always get stuck at the really long traffic lights. 😒🚥
np! Would you mind retweeting that Simply, Mine is free today only? Great big thanks!
Thank you and welcome to our newest fan Kanili Jelita!
Feel like having a CONVO ;)
#EverBeenWithABlackGuy? Skin ain't nothing but a color
Men have never loved talking on the phone. This isn't new. We just now have a better way of avoiding it.
u got datz right...
His bat is most definitely lacking, but gotta give credit to Espinosa's glove during his slump.
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who helped to shape me as a mother. It takes a ...
hahahahaha. Fight it! Fight it!
Thanks sweetie! Hopefully you enjoying the "behind the scenes" of our TV show!
Oh my god im going to las vegas in like 8 hours
remembering my Dad today with alot of tears, wish he was here, wish i could talk to him... and let him know how i love him =*)
Glad to be back on the air.
He's also super cute, which doesn't hurt ;)
yea! i want to huury up and graduate!
DID U REALLY AND HOW DO U FEEL NOW? o wait was still on caps lock haha :D
Caramel macchiato with an extra shot of expresso.... Please help me study!!!
your #WENDYS spot is all over my TV!!
#Portland #trimet #max there's a #delay at Lloyd center until 7am Use the #rosequarter shuttle buses
If you’re about to buy insurance of any kind for the first time or change/add to what you already have, don't sign anything till you call 4M
"They should make a nursing slanket" -- something I said to my sister just now
Having to read a 350 page book on Obama's stimulus plan in 5 days is going to be rough. Good thing Michael Grabell is such a poetic writer.
So I kinda died looking at pic.
I miss that face of yours. I can't wait to see you in a couple weeks. Hope things are going well with you<3
Your welcome
Mama said there'd be days like this.
Brainstorming new cards is so much fun!
Lunch had optional choices and dinner was a buffet and beef isn't exactly "unhealthy!"! (-;
Gorilla crew, FUCK YOU.
GOLDIE - A$AP
Good point. I wonder what my super power will be.
Ever heard of a transformational design firm? is a perfect example. SO glad I got to see their brilliance this week.
I like my people how I like my coffee. I don't like coffee.
": if u say so... (cough)"My boyfriend is literaly half demon like RT
the upside down cross is the Cross of St.Peter. he felt he wasnt worthy to be crucified the same way as Jesus. thus being upside down.
not a bad day to sit on the balcony and stare down at #CityHall in
` let that shit BURN!
Anyone know where I can buy a #Pantone book with perforated chips in Houston or online? I'm not havin' any luck with Google.
would love o go to that Todd!
Glad you enjoyed 'A Rolling Stone'!
Hi, Stef. does the vinyl come with download code for mp3s? Already ordered it, just curious.
done and done!
Great name! Love your vans.
I am totally digging those cufflinks!
So true!!
We're confused not because we don't know what to do. It's because we don't know what we're looking for. #GoodNight Everyone
Tweeting in front of your teacher
it would be 18 hours for me to get to Austin :(
Good to see you again too! & nice to meet you as well... will say hello to Scott for you.
i bet It is! Can't wait to go home... Let's catch up soon on viber
I am a beast i broke night no sleep and got all my work done for biology physics and a few other classes and on top of that handled my essay
yep, he physically looks like he should be a much better hitter & then you see him make such poor contact. Weird.
Yes please. : your bottomless mimosas, free-for-all fruit bar, and amazing/crazy old waitresses...here we come.
What a performance by Bruno Mars with his "Valerie" tribute to Amy Winehouse on VMA's
Still slaving away at the tucc. But tonight is pitchers and pizza night. Boo Yaah!!!
National Teacher Appreciation Day is coming up! Spoiler alert: we will be announcing a significant teacher/student contest!
Right, the place was packed, mainly with adults I noticed.
RT It's Memorial Day weekend - Sis Edna's Jewelry-50% off this weekend. Really beautiful! Proceeds benefit St Ann's Center
Ooh you thought I didn't give a fcuk b4.....well.....
I love you Caleb!
After one month of training, I've lost 6 inches,1.5% body fat, and gained 3 lbs of muscle.
AND IT MIGHT NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT.
not funny
Never forget that ➡ HE CAN & HE WILL!!
Was just filmed for uncomfortably long time by dude filming @ catholic charities art show. Have to believe its because he loved my scarf.
These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob? Don't lie to me mane.
Thank you to everyone who made our #NFLDraft Party such a huge success, especially & !
Ok so now we got Free jasons deli at work I think I love this place
You too (:
Sun and 66 on Saturday in Long Beach! It is going to be the perfect weekend to go to the coast. Massive amounts of fun expected w/
Hey #Brewers fans: I've got 2 extra tickets to tomorrow's game behind home plate. Half price. Tweet me.
Rain... Pourin... All my cars is foreign
It's HATE when they call it trash or garbage. If you don't like it, find something else. LASERS and FOTP were gold
It depends on the individual. I do not get bothered very easily. I thought you did a good job of tying it to recruiting.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
How u finna be mad at me ? Smh
Wife is coming in less than 2 weeks to #Texas. Haven't seen her since August 2010 b/c of current #US #visa #immigration policy.
Ugh you make me wanna kill you in your sleep sometimes...
Good morning jive turkeys...
So, my new favorite show is Prank My Mom! I am lmbo!! Thankfully my kids are too young to get me lol
I gotta get you some Sorbet!!
RT : Beautiful Service so far..
":Feeling the heat in Pton
ITS SO FUCKING HOT OUT
Every day, it's important to ask and answer these questions: "What's good in my life?" and "What needs to be done?" ~ Nathaniel Branden
1 month & 3 days till i go to #ITALIA :D
and a beacon of wisdom haha
That was
Fucking Mondays. Gonna work my ten hour shift, eat lunch at Arbie's and then I'm going to the movies.
...but these indian niggas on the phone don't be understanding what the fuck i'm tryna to say... already pissed when i gotta call and shit
Drunk...boutta twist one
It starts within change your mental frame and you can achieve anything
Thanx, just a bit of B&D. You look hot yourself...
jaison would drive u crazy bub is always cool give him paper and markers and some nicktoons and hes good!
dave nelson is pimp.
« play fighting turn on #randomthought»
Santorum is getting quite frothy while speaking about border protection.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ds6 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
but it is funny that no one i've ever met ever wants that either! ;) so why do people become bitter lonely hermits?!? :/
great! I'm hearing good stuff about you from and my teacher mrs. Gossmann. Peace out man!
Ask away :)
is having an opening reception for the new painting exhibition tomorrow at 6:00pm. Free food & wine.
appreciate the RT Neil! Cheers!
You're nuts! :)
Putting ear drops in a Cat's ear is no fun!!
Over-Thinking ruins you! Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything worse than it actually is!!
We wish everyone a safe and happy #laborday holiday! We will see everyone on Tuesday.
I feel confident in my finals. :)
You are welcome. Don't miss our TV giveaway on FB for your fans. Look forward to your tweets.
like a bitch. I screamed twice and it hurts now but I love it.
do you have a sandbox available for testers to play with?
A nap is highly needed for me right now.. 😲
never color coordinate clothes with another man
Different about what?
Tweeting should become a job
okay pretty :)
#Gemini MB guy of the day: Princeton
where u b kickin it @?
Thanks for coming to MJHS today! Check out your interview on our school's facebook page. We wish you all the best!
RT Food is our medicine. Unlock your truth by eating more veggies/fruits combined with a healthy dose of daily exercise
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game. Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6min mark RT
Buchanan says there was no specific injury to LA's hip. Chad says it hasn't gotten worse. Just a steady, consistent soreness.
aw, what is up with ur eyes though
CPAC: Incontrovertible proof that conservative evolution peaked during the Eisenhower administration.
That sounds awesome! I just printed it!
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” John Wooden
POP! I can't find my #fusebox2012 catalogue! oh. FOUND IT!
There's a Men In Black 3 coming out!!
Can't tell from here, but I sure would love to know what he's listening to!
But I'm Getting Bands$$$$$$$
it's interesting - definitely a one-time watch ... but interesting.
oh heck freaking yes \o/
Spoken again like the jealous miserable fan of all the ETS teams. Glad I'm not on that side of the road.
i missed my tweethearts, how youve been?
My sister-in-law Katie just had a baby boy this morning! (thanks for the RT too btw)
Bitch!! How about I go fuck you up and beat you with a fucking pad lock. U white trash whore. I'm not unemployed. I get checks!!
“: Jay Cutler is out for the season. I hate to see it happen to such a nice guy. #happytrailsbitch Lol
Derrick, you are predictable. I stand by the statement "Live and let live"
15 year old kings are always assholes. I'd just ask for unlimited ice cream
can't wait to get Dan O'Rourke and Oralia Ortega on the Whole Body Vibration machine!
You guys really need to follow us! AND ccome to Houston so we can play a show!!! ;)
Hopefully I don't get any blocked calls tonight 😒
Have fun in Newport News!
Why thank you Jacette: you also inspire me :)
Who cares about what Herman Cain's parents did or didn't do, thought or didn't think, in the process of brainwashing him? Despicable!
One word to describe Sketchy Black Dog last night --- Inspirational.
A paper about this book called "The Sunflower" its about the Holocaust and forgiveness
LimeWire is considering filtering out pirated content and is hoping to strike a deal with the music industry to be able to sell downloads.
#TerraNova was EXCELLENT!! Mind you, this coming from someone who saw #JurassicPark in the theater 5X (my own personal record).
"This is going to be a very messy experience. This is not like a professional development experience you've ever had." R. Ellis
Saw my brother for 10 minutes total when I was at home this weekend because he was gone volunteering the whole time
everyone else's topics make sense. Mine...I don't think I've ever said anything about shopping. Except just then.
That is true... But may lead down the path RT Marcio_Saito If it is an either-or proposition... I think that is very rare
lmmfao...... #feelings hurt
Leapfrog Explorer Recharger Model 39050 Retail 3999 - leapfrog explorer
It makes me really upset with the fact hardly any of the guys are talking ( Justin, chaz,Christ,Ryan) RT
Heading to San Francisco this weekend what are some "Must Have" breweries and beer spots to visit?
It is beautiful outside!
Is watching the Valentine's snow and thinking of her far away lover. Happy Valentine's Day!
Classic! RT Ask for R. Felton at the Indigo RT : Anyone in PDX played the "choking game"? Looking to talk on camera w/u today
Hello Ponyride! Hope all the ventures are doing well!
yes when it comes to food your super greedy lol
WRIC Richmond News and Weather - Ecuador convicts man in US double murder - WRIC
"There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration." ~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
They Might Be Giants at Bonnaroo? I might have to go this year.
Oh cool, just sittin' with Claire on her bed(: & watchinn' wizzards of waverly place(:
Biggest Raider fan in SD! You'd love me too though!
If that where me, their would be a person in the hospital. >;3
www.livemixtapes.com
Should we get a tattoo today? Yes or No
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Liam comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Awesome! WE'll see you soon!
lol, someONE's grumpy this morning! #SpringForward ;-)
hmm. Was wakefield on the staff all year?
Chelsea vs AC Milan at Sun Life on July 28. Should be fun.
ive been on lavell crawford for like 7 years now!! he definetly was the FUNNIEST ever until kevin hart
Hey Agatha! Thanks for the follow back!
Tonight is the big PREMIERE of Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie. And it is sold out!
writing at Coco cafe in nashvegas today--never again. it smells like a porta john in here. gag.
sometimes it's a good sign when you are on the wrong side of unfairness
West side front train full. Back train has room.
Why is Microsoft Outlook telling me that "turds" is not a word?
SCHOOL SOON- ARRRGGHHH!.
[We live. We learn. We grow] Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. -Tony Robbins
Yes the only two haha
My blackberry is a complete piece of debris. 90's technology was really cool- back then ;)
A7 I build trust by being unafraid to be who I am, and unafraid to show who I am to all
I see you are working on getting those heads down into the goal.. :-p
keeps favoriting all my stuff about boobs. Swag.
oh yeah. that's not far from where I lived. I, was in perry hall, whitemarsh. I thought that was howard cty up there.
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
That moment when you're so tired that you are afraid to fall asleep... Cause you're not sure you will wake up on time...
Everybody poops . Even Drake
Z call me when Pauly D shows up.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
In six weeks! It's crazy -- sometimes I feel like I just got here!
might be a date
more #legs please :)
When I could find on twitter JUSTIN BIEBER exactly,tanks.
Cumberbatch is Khan? WTF? What was he genetically engineered for? Lankiness? Pastiness?
I don't know if it's a blessing or one of the world's greatest injustices that Lester Bangs never had to deal with blog comments.
Q2 Another marketing suggestion is keep them focused - what specific topic do you want to address? Nothing too broad!
I know!!! Crazy. #Saints are blowing it.
The Enterprise car rental place we just left was the kind of place that gets parodied in shows like The Office. Except it was way sadder.
Smart Phone user get my new Android Application for free, just go to your Market, type in Will Ready and download, It's as simple as that.
lol thanks for informing me
Happy Tuesday everyone! It's supposed to hit 70 degrees today! Hopefully we can all get outside and enjoy it!
#almost got supended for being out of uniform in a #puBlic school
in front of general session cde for chocolate and elearning adventure/discussion. Need energy through sweets
Yes, it was terrific! Was it the grand opening for Gomez? Is Arts & Trees a regular thing, or was this the 1st time?
RT RT : Fearing god and nothing else.
is on fire!! Go
I hate it when people just linger around me.
gave me an epic BATMAN story that I keep in my pillowcase. Bring on SUPES!
if I were smart, I would have done that, lol! Thanks for the shot of confidence!!! 😉
Whee indeed! Congrats and have fun!
In honor of the recent fire at his studio - "Tyler Perry's I Can Do Titties All By Myself."
Luv my Kindle Fire!
I love her omelettes.
I'll stop being a Directioner when one direction stops being gay
Review: NetZero&#39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with limitations
Was there a lady drafted in the WNBA from here today?
at least I'm not gay
Raining in LA and enjoying reading, in a green jacket. Happy St. Patrick's day!!!
I retweet so many of 's tweets
It's such a trip seein like 55 year old men buyin a bag then hittin the bong
#Spurs 26 #Hawks 21 end of first quarter - Manu ended it with an awesome drive! #GoSpursGo!
On the plane to DC. First leg of my trip to Ethiopia.
he said he just wanna lift today so I'll c u next time
I will be very happy to reach 30 seconds after 10:33 PM tonight...
The Vow was amazing!!!!!
#ItsHardTo let go of the thing you wanted most
I wasnt looking for this but now your in my way
Warm bed + cold apartment = getting up with 15 minutes to get ready for work
bad dm me
Foodspotting is the best app I've downloaded so far.
Dear quaker state, will you please send me oils and lubricants vital to vehicular survival ++ Roky Erickson
U comin in town this weekend?
i never look for a handout
the truth.
Turns out Alex has strep. Sounds bad, but really quick and easy to deal with. Thanks amoxycillin!
I'm in a button-sewing daze.
I am now a member of Bellarmine University's Dance Team :)
Funny show tonight.
Thanks Rochelle. As a lefty, I am both invigorated by and terrified of this article.
“: Took some friends to for their first time. Last night was hilarious !”<nice!
Ha, that is SO funny. My former supervisor is the COO there! Do you know her?
and we're out of that inning...ouch.
Thanks for sharing the PSA.
I'm willing to do anything to keep our relationship standing strong 
Sandy soil + Wisconsin River + Global Warming = flooding
Happy to head back to my sweetie in Seattle, but sad to leave such a dynamic community. Thank you for an incredible week.
Improv Rule: Don't ask questions. Be the expert, know everything about your scene.
“we tell ourselves stories in order to live.” ― joan didion
Demo at Sat 3/3 1pm! Eat cookies to raise $$ for Foundation providing #microcredit loans to women entrepreneurs!
ATTENTION: IM GOING TO INTERNATIONALS!!
itss okay. what language do you speak ?
The library will not know what to do with me this week, so busy will I be with creating the hopes and dreams of imaginary people.
I will try to set one up tomorrow
Stuff I. Hear at work "E-N-T-L-Y...Out I Said!!"
thanks for the lovely review!!
not just yet but I will n a couple of months k.i.t
Is it weird to compliment a guy on his tongue? Like in a non-sexual way?? Lol
Vulnerability is strength, but we have to find our voice first.
Told you!! JJ beasted on that dude. Loved it. And Reid telling the paramedic what to do. Haha
hey what's up?
Imma spread my fun out so my life don't get too boring too fast.
Invertual Launches New Interactive Investor/Entrepreneur Matchmaking Services
Countdown to Derby day !
Trying to come up with album name. So far Dookie 2 and Best of Bread & Butter are in the running.
Why do everyone's families like me more than their own children?
Alicia Keys x Unbreakable
Thanks for the follow!
Cello Green is a confident swagalicious trip! Wow! He works that look boy! Watever the hell that look is called? Obese sequin jumper, any1?
The fact that I had to wake up and put clothes on to come to the school just pissed me off.
The reverse side also has a reverse side. ~ Japanese Proverb
The HMS Tamar has towed the last hulk away before it was submerged. This not leaves a portion of the Hog Island Channel exposed.
Get his tatts up tattoo my name on you so I know its real Or tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell
Super excited Jackie brought me Nom Noms!!!
wow. What a crybaby. No class as always.
how do those wranglers fit? Did you find your cowboy hat?
uh it's interesting enough to lose that beer gut faggot lol
Much Respect to for" Where is Your Brother?" and Malice too.
why? just, why?
Bed you never felt so awesome as you do now
Your POSITIVE your going to wear them? I dont want to show up there by myself in shorts and knee socks looking like and idiot
Yes! Of course. No hinting needed. I'd love that! re: Would love to interview you sometime for my new blog!(hint hint!)
What a INT baby GO PACK GO 920
Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!.
great idea..
wait what?
Tune in to #PTL today for your chance to win Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson Immortals tickets - we'll see you at 9am!
#Top100Lies I don't listen to Odd Future
Absolutely not
My lover I miss you!!!
Hands down the best bean soup I've ever made. I scare myself sometimes.
Lets toy around:
Doesnt even know i exist...
You are embarrassing yourself & #omla. When she tweets about US being unprofessional, she is referring to YOU. Pls.
ok...you will tweet me but not text me back...haha haha haha..what the eff haha..
Think I'll make some breakfast
lol were mom and them
Room And board housing for clients suffering from mental health disabilities.
My only wish is that would follow me :D
where the hoes at
Listening to LOVE PT I & II whilst playing old school Zelda on Wii.
And then they throw away the whole bag when I gave it back.. That could be fed to poor animals or the homeless! Fuckin idiots
Sorry I failed you, sensei. was too quick on the draw!
RT : I hope I can grow up someday to be a passive-aggressive, micromanaging middle manager at a library. They *always* have jobs.
Np nd omg we should of :p
Haha! No, I still have plenty.
That's all u got? Your really un-educated.
Brett likes to put his hands on the steering wheel likes he having tea with the queen lol
Now they upstairs "doing it"
Misread a "Badass Chick" bumper sticker as "Badass Chimp". I should have known a badass chimp would never drive a KIA Forte.
When helping job seekers, it's important not to waste energy duplicating services provided by other agencies or organizations.
REGISTER AT THE EXPO AND WOW!! Free golf/range balls courtesy So Suburban Parks n Rec just for starters!!!!
I have to agree with you! I'll start thinking more like a Brit! :)
Almost 5pm and our lucky day for shooting at Madison Square Park. Sound guy has to lv soon so will need to wrap earlier than planned
that was the highlight of the dinner (and was technically for 2 people!)
I need to go! I see and our very own are both speaking.
if i ever go missing, i want my picture on a beer bottle rather than a milk carton, because i want fun people to find me...
Ah! You're not really going to make me pick just one are you?!
Horford was the same dude that showed the Ali doc to the #hawks in '08, prompting quite the series.
it's 's birfday. Shout out to you and good luck w your attempts not to celebrate. ;)
“: I just sneezed and punched myself in the eye trying to cover my mouth. Awkward.” ROFL!!!
Good morning world
hahahahaha idk what to say to that
"The elite have been inbreeding for far too long."
Whenever you are baby
Dear Camel Crush quit with the mini poster, screws up my wrapping of plastic in foil to make a neat throw away ball
That awkward moment when its 4/20 and uptown is filled with potheads
we're done feeling this way.
likes male bats because they're gay.
Have people follow me ? (;
I love my mom
Your stuff sounds great! Which #pinkfloyd album was most influential on you?
Right back atcha :)
