So jealous! Have fun!
ahh ok. i'm all antsy pants. I have my fb chat on too
Excited to film 2 shows tomorrow- conserving all my energy for them!
WHAT???? The Colts are taking Luck???
it's still in one piece
Shawn still stuck in 2011 postseason it looks like
I know right! I really want a white christmas!
“: "What you've been through is a great indication of who you're called to be." ”
I think I may have broken the TV remote when I threw it last night.
16: You are pretty! We should defffinatley talk more :)
i have a million things i wanna say but probably shouldnt
Just checking to see how the book marketing is going? Since I'm a week behind, I saw you had some interest from agent?
CEO throwing out 1st pitch at Cubs game today...What, no invite for us? I'll just enjoy an Old Style while watching the game on TV!
I should record an album all dedicated to Mario...i will post a few songs
Oddly silent during Sizemore's talk. Were you insulted by the reference to your cone-shaped head? ;-)
big office moving day. moving forces me to throw stuff away. not enough, but it is a good start.
Shooting fed story in the rain
If white would die the UFC and Pride would explode with popularity
Yum!! RT : Can't wait to catch up with at #HungryCat - Meow
The girl who sits by me in Chemistry is so annoying. I might strangle her if she doesn't shut the hell up.
oh for sure.....you going to shaggfest right?
You guys are amazing! Where are your American counterparts? Seriously. I'm looking for them.
Don't make me put you in a headlock..
Have you heard of #Movember?
jordan farmar, a good energy bench player
just finished up recording the vocals for "no more shadows"
love you, praying with you. The best is yet to come!
guys with long fingernails <<<
Where df is >:O
Checking out the Social Media Communication Forum at ACC. "Is the social media bubble about to burst?" Asks at
i no wen a compliment is well deserved
HOT POCKET
RT : Hamburger, Bacon, premium blend with the typical amount of mozz...
Hello to my new followers! Any fun plans for the weekend?
Happy birthday, author & friend! Favorite birthday memory? (Ex: When I was 5 my mom made yarn Raggedy Ann wigs for everyone.)
Hey guess what!! It's not raining in Madison anymore...it's snowing.
I don't think these seats can handle my booty earhtquake!!
just called a nigga by mistake & left a 2 min voicemail.
Got an iTunes card....cant read it...yay! -__-
Love that song! It's so amazing.
kilowatts of excitement generated by the girls' camp today; our goal: sustainable inquiry-driven energy :) code=immediate feedback
Why do I always fall asleep soo early?!/:
I've decided that I really need a mentor. Now taking applications.
I like plan A way more than Plan B
Back in LA 3 auditions today (1 for a new pilot) and some ADR work on a commercial
wondering if we need to strategize posting, etc... tweets r too short :)
QoTD: "Tell me what company you keep and I'll tell you what you are." (Cervantes)
Really? Very cool!! That's such a great movie, I haven't seen it in ages, though.
AIR AND SEA SHOW TIME YEAH BUDDY!
Crap. I've avoided getting HBO this long. But I just saw the trailer for The Newsroom. It's going to be Joss Whedon next, isn't it?
yes, sitting at a CTA warming bus. I am on the 5thfloor and you could smell the smoke when we got out “: You ok?”
It shouldn't be used as tool to slaughter
A1.pt2 I wouldn't change it for the world now, I love supporting artist!
I blame
We’re looking forward to your tweets! How was your weekend?
“They treated me like a king…they have a great basketball program here,” Wiggins told NPH.
Congrats to the UW-La Crosse women's and men's track and field teams for taking home the WIAC title.
It's my first time! I'm a little too excited.
What is your favorite pet-related t-shirt saying?
Thanks for sharing the post! Turkey went great! He loved it. Thank you for asking!!
You still can't shut your whore mouth can you? I guess your vagina was flapping so loud you couldn't hear us telling you to fuck off.
RT : This whole week/weekend was so different, i loved it. :) Thanks :))
Its a little too windy for my liking
SVU was creepier than usual this week.
Happy Mother's Day!
"Anger is the wind that blows out the candle of the mind"
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMICHEAL I love you
Why is the local news reporting on a Florida otter "attack" that neither frightened nor severely injured the "victim"?!
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity. -- Albert Einstein
gots driving swag thought you didnt have a license?
A little 2k12
Ha. Good point RT Lyes8086Anyone else find a coincidence that the only tm in the NFL w/ a jail in house would sign Vick?
Somewhere outside of town. It's free :)
Chico Mendes, #Gandhi of the Amazon, who made the connection between the "cry of the poor" and the "cry of the earth". Killed 12/22/88
how bout a rescue? (no buy Shiba Inu in LA)
It was wonderful wasn't! And it has my gal crush in it too! x
Um flamming hot cheetos sound fricken amazing right now...
I don't think anyone should hold their breath.
that would be sweet to watch the beach boys! How much are tickets??
everyone i know is trying to shop on it's bonkers. no one is succeeding.
We are the Super Bowl car commercial that lasts all year long.
Sometimes my weiner has a mind of it's own. I hope it doesn't hack my twitter account and send out head shots to random girls.
Got a terrible triad on Mo-Rivera? "complications" in his exam today. Could be a career ender.
vote for me on MSG Varsity Talent Show!! channel 14 at 6:00 Sun. on MAY 1ST!
is that a piper 140?
Dude ,that avitar is fucking CLASSIC
Fit Fact: Drink your vegetables! Grab a v8 and get a daily dose of veggies in with a drink!
It's official .. I hate my life!
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer Recap
Where are the cute little rescued ducklings you're covering tonight?
- Hello durrrr. :P
my favorite!! Coco pebbles pretty good also!!
Attended the Charleston Area Alliance's Speed Networking with the Stars - great event! I've attended all three years and already looking fo…
7 home games next year for bearcats football, thats like an ohio state kinda schedule.
It's Super Tuesday - what would you like to hear the candidates to talk about?
thanks for the RT!
hell yeah twitter is going to be so much fun now that you're back doll <3
Thanks for your thought provoking tweets. You seem gorgeous inside and out!
I know, why don't we talk anymore?! Grr
#IfSnoopWasASteeler he wouldn't get fined for a big hit he would get fined for a huge hit of kush
dude don't get butt hurt cause I don't like you
Drinking beer in the bathtub. Merry Christmas, muthaf*ckas!
why has my sexuality been questioned so much lately? wtffff.
RT Stop being afraid that u ain't gon have no friends when actuality, u may end up w/ better ones.
Cancers kill !!
needs to get better at normal on marvel vs capcom 3 so he can't complain when I beat his ass lol
This song is amazing :) I love it!
you know that Nutella is lot higher in calories than people think.
Can we all say .... PUPPIES!
WOW!! Awesome time meeting everyone 'in person' at the #C21GC #tweetup!!!
People who can't hold a conversation. <<<
#SLA Wondering where the SLA Asian Chapter online social network presence is at...
RT Feed a dream. Starve a doubt.
PLEASE LET ME LOVE YOU
#night twitter (:
asdfghjkl we get to creep him all day! ;)
When the other person isnt there, sometimes we tend to make up their side of the conversation... Which really isnt fair to either one of us.
"Even the sun sets in paradise"
awesome! I hope you enjoy it. Let me know what you think.
Radiologic Technology Online
Fuck you english, your the only thing keeping me from my inner peace! #SprinBreak'12 bitches
Cuomo says food is a basic human right. New york is "the progressive capital of the nation."
Man there's some Laker fans on Twitter that can't come to terms with what's happening in the OKC series!
justin bieber is still not following me:(
congratulations! Love this jubilant pic!
At the park!
Wow, a PoCo crit of the 10am hour on Cooking Channel would be a great topic for an undergrad media studies paper....
We would like to offer our assistance to your patients in need of prescription assistance.
Oh, good thing!
i will be sleeping while you guys are working, well, hopefully. insomnia sucks
No one ever said it would be this hard
Real leaders view themselves as part of the team - they're simply role players who have a job to do...
JUST WATCHED YOUR BEHIND THE MUSIC I ADMIRE YOUR HARD WORK AND DEDICATION...
Condolences to you and your family from all of your friends at Fox 5 in Las Vegas.
Alternative: Pepino's! RT :I need to marry a white boy with a Mexican family so i that they can make me a burrito everyday.
Auto Insurance Leads - how many years the prospect has been driving, and how much they are currently paying for car insurance.
Quote of the day: If I believed everything movies told me i'd be REALLY sad I didn't get a letter from #hogwarts when I was 11-
First day back and everyone is getting fratastic
Lesson of the day: It doesn't matter what hole you're fucking or being fucked in, just fuck!
bad girl! sit. stay! ;}
“: Stayin' up all night partyin' with ” same
Ahaha chayla has us rocking out to the
Obama is faulted for changing his stance. It's like gays who come out and are faulted for not having been honest. Onward and upward, y'all.
When you single your obligated to do what ever the hell you want and say what you please . So hop off my P !
Great crowd
- I thought it was permanent. I never get unsolicited calls at my number...
who will watch my band singing 1D what makes you you beautiful if we post it tonight
Thanks ! And same ! I tweeted RadioNow1009 on my personal a few weeks ago & told them to bring him back & he said its a ...
Went to Sedona yesterday with mom and dad. We went on a Hummer tour and to one of Rachel Ray's picks on $40 A Day.
I do realize it may be the only way to get 3 forwards on the field instead of two but it doesnt look like a 4-3-3 but 4-5-1
No school for me today.....sick hate being sick!
The winos that we are! Hahahaa...
dude are you watching the S&M thing?! So crazy!
DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO TO GET WHAT I NEED DON
<--31 years old in 2 months!
"You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
yes pick him!!!! :D RT: : Pick me SMG :D I want to get BINGONIZED this FRI w/Bingoplayers I want to WIN
Better to lose a lover than love a loser.
is there a #pubmedia theme tonight? trying to decide if i should stick around
Our #yearnings can be a compass guiding us to true fulfillment on our Adventure -- if only we can learn to heed them.
they needed an American girl (voice) and I was it!! Yay! Hope you're having a great day
ALL things are possible through God!!
I'm Clean & Dope Like Heroin Soap
lol I'm done with you Alexis.
you'll be happy one day. And I hope it's really soon.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Thanks for the tweet about the MJ tribute. Interviewed BEP a couple of years ago in Miami. Great musicians. Nice people.
“: #BecauseItsInTheCup” or can. I'll bring a cup tomorrow. Glad someone is on my level of wittiness.
'Black_History' promotes truth no matter how hateful you may think, #ya'll-hatin-on-me, but does not support violent hate groups Bl or White
Marlboro Blacks are not bad.
On The Border hit the spot.. so glad we shared it with & the fam :)
Of course. Everything is al my fault.
I think Portland needs a unit test evangelist support group.
I love TheVoice and can't stand American Idol.
Just leaving a Louisville Magic AAU practice. #UofL commit Quentin Snider continues to grow...18 pounds in 8 months.
Really wish I had HBO so I could watch Game of Thrones.
Oh my god!! Go new England!!!
Of course!!! I thought everyone did :P
I want you.
Going to watch The Avengers tonight and of course go eat at Mallards .
put the pussy tuh sleep call dat shit a cat nap
i loved your friday five! i'm trying to place the first time i got it via a listserv or something..
So for my scam, everyone suggested using a picture of a hot girl. Guys, am I not attractive enough?
Mandie & Madison kissed? Guess what? My mom bought me a unicorn...
Shoes can be replaced, but you're the only Sara we have.
Most engagement on a FB page comes from posts that are 60 characters or less.
I don't know if signing a one-year-old's cast is cute or not, but I got a kick out of it.
103 degrees registered today at your Home & Studio. Playroom was stifling. How did you manage to live there with no AC?
And no pirates!
hey sup bro??!! Lop
The Best Buy near Metro North in KC is closing after years of service. It's too bad.
blackguysrockMr. Kendall Good Morming people of GOD..Nothing leaves Heaven until something leaves Earth. Prayers must go up!
- We The BESHT.
Theyre a gr8 final 4 team! CATS all the way! #championships #BBN #goCats RT : . I got the scholarship to ohio state
Alex thanks for the RT
Tried , trifecta of coffee was excellent. Kid friendly as well.
your new cuff looks awesome!!
like steelers draft?
hope this is an April fools joke
can i ask u something?!?!
I'm up late working on a script.
Its Foggy Ass Hell Dis Mornin
Turned in my last paper for the foreseeable future. Wow. I'm actually done...
It's time to update my music on my iPhone
you got it! Great food btw
ugh my mom is so jealous that i love you so much hahah <3
sweet poster.
Patron wanted Consumer Report report on vinyl windows.
Janet Evanovich makes me laugh and have a generally sassier attitude...
Haha I'm with ya on that one!
The world is full of happiness that I have never known
Your greatness is given to you by God. You need only be grateful to receive it.
Go Tony Gumbo and SWAT
Excited to attend the #gloriaawards tonight hosted by & !
Had a good time playing Pokatok with the brothers @ Phi Iota Alpha @ Cal-Pomona on Friday. Thnx 4 the hospitality!
Started evaluating Adobe #Lightroom 4 beta today.
Oh well hi Jared(: That's my kinda cousins name only he's in 3rd grade I think xD I have a bad memory lol
best day of my life :')
You and McNabb gotta quit sexting
We r the youth of the nation!!
That was my 707 OG cloud!
#odd arcane laws: Alaska law says that you can't look at a moose from an airplane.
My smart phone is actually kind of dumb. If you need to reach me just yell out your window you'll have just as good a chance
I'm just playing in Iowa. Doing well. Having playtime often.
HEY WHATS TELL WHAT U THINK ABOUT THE NEW AVI
There is alway one point in the day when someone is spamming twitter with there thoughts. Mine just happens to be at 8:00 in the morning.
Very disappointed with the Victorias Secret Fashion show last night. They blurred out all the butt cheeks! WTH is the point of watching!??
Time for a new broadcast crew!!! RT : Canada. Brazil. Brazil. Canada. Brian. Ryan.
We are will to continue spreading the word about our work..
Thank you! We appreciate the tweet :)
I hate the rain.
New bar where the port o subs used to be is called Bar. They're open & giving away shots of good stuff.
Today, I find myself happily bank rolled.
Stop the violence in new Orleans Please
son has cerebral palsy and accesses fiction with audio books,we will use Kindle2 for newspapers and audio books for fiction.
I just got invited to a health care reform event this evening. Let me see...healthcare reform event or softball game.
Tonight's homework assignment: design a webpage. I'm staring at a block of html that does nothing. AUGH.
hahahaha well yup that was random enough for me!!
Still working on my homework for . Some days the words just don't want to do my bidding.
Came 2nd place in a competition against school orchestras n bands across the country
Girls are cool.
Don't feel bad, app isn't useful in #Indy because no trucks are listed. I wonder how u get on the radar.
No way you are behind JPD - you have a marvelous ability to let the game speak for itself. Great to see you get your props
Fml fml fml every time I think i'm over him, he just makes me fall again
Cool, me too! Are you working on any TV show? :)
haven't tried diet, but your tweets made me try crossfit, down 6 lbs in two weeks.
Halftime score: B-Unit 91 Little Steel derby girls 28
Really proud of the Rams. Awesome run, guys.
I don't wanna be a snob here, but do we really want to rethink who can make art? What about quality in any medium?
Thank you so so much!! We appreciate you checking us out :)
When you pray make sure that is a dialog. Pray n then listen.
The past few days<<<<<
RT : Money isnt the answer. We have to change the way teachers approach students & curriculum, & we must stay cutting-edge.
Don't know what to do abt opening day tix. Have always walked up & got in. That includes multiple years & last days of season too.. risk it?
Thanks ! Heart you right back!
My sis is foolish and my mom is gullible she called n told her I was up here fighting my mom got here in like 10 minutes locked and loaded
A woman is like a teabag—only in hot water do you realize how strong she is. Nancy Reagan
Via Vin Scully called Micky Mantle's debut in 1951 and will call Bryce Harper's debut tonight. What an incredible career.
that's wat I know
overall this has been a great month. sweet.
U said: I have lost it!!! Hearing Lisa from Friday nights Bret Michaels Skankfest!
Intoxicated with desire…you're the designated driver
#BBN #WeAreUK let's do work tonight!!
Hey we can hang in like half an hour forty five minutes? Tommys coming?
OK. What site are you finding these on? I must know!
All my music is digitized, but I feel robbed when the digital album costs as much as the CD. I'll buy the CD every time.
life be so much better if i can just see my dad for 2 seconds it would mean the world to me.
he's very good, too bad he wasn't there with Idris Elba (aka Luther)
Omg. Just folded 77 pre on button to an open of 4x in mp and the flop came 75j. It runs out 3,5. He has JJ!!
To be honest, Im on 's side!
Sam Bayard. He was a prof at Penn State. He essentially boiled all Anglo fiddle tunes down into 4 tune families.
What if horse shit tasted like bacon and you earned 1 dollar for every horse shit nugget you ate? How many would you eat?
A1: He was unprofessional and displayed a lack of morals. What a joke!
Mike what pic are u talking about? People keep asking and I think I may have been hacked?
Silences make the real conversations between friends
Ha! Love it!!
Brittany!!! Plz audition for Idol next year!! ;)
According to Alliance for Excellent Education, Rural high school dropout rates are still 2 high and college enrollment rates 2 low.
MECHANICAL BULL. lezzzz do it!
Congratulations to SAG and AFTRA professionals on the marriage of the Guild and the Federation.
no..it didn't appear that I was able to get out of bkey, today.
When we receive God's gift of life by relying on Christ, we find God comes to act with us as we rely on him in our actions: Willard
RT : Less Love, More Sex, No Calls, Jus Txts, New Date, No Ex, More Sleep, No Stress..
Agreed! : I wish it was socially acceptable to wear sunglasses on the subway
Got a black stripe. Mastered 3.5, hopefully judo next week.Attempting to convert Master to vegetarian. he's trying my recipes. it's a start!
I attacked a bird today. It was.....oh gotta go, the ambulance is here.
RT : In the seventh round, the #Bears select CB Greg McCoy.
May Raffle! I will be giving out $25 giftcards to Starbucks, how? Let's meet in person for 20 mins to be included in the hat. Ends May 31
I am well. Busy. But good. Let's try to get together. I'd love to see you!
I'll be waiting:)
Thank you #Draymond Green for 4 great years at #MSU and for staying in school. You are a great player and role model.
I want Aoki to pitch.
hahaha! "uhm sir.. sir this ride is over" *snore* "SIR I need you to wake up... now"
Kudos to for putting a breastfeeding mom on the cover. It would have been more beneficial to show a 1-year old.
Amen to every tweet that you've had since XO til we overdose.
Adrian Gonzalez -- first #RedSox HR of the year.
G'Morning Tweepz!
thank you! Merry Christmas to you too!
I've got an azz in my face...
Yes, we have been running a nook & kindle lending program for the past year
ha, I don't blame you. I actually bought a second laptop charger to keep in my car :/ also, yes ma'am. Will do.
Amber Lynn. <3
oh man, my teleporter is in the shop, tell me stories about the #occupyboston library!
“: Hey watch it. This is a family show. RT : Good to know I'm in the sexy group as a right thumber #VASHRM12” PG-13 here
Got a nice profit out of the #GBPJPY. Let's see how far this pullback goes.
thanks Marcello ❤❤❤
We were going to go to Mo's Irish Pub & catch a bus ride there. How about you?
Trump go away! RT : Back in the Boardroom!
I can do both ... I'm a multi-tasker like that. ;)
That burst of happiness.<3
S/o to my 500th Follower
. One routine you've maintained through this time; having great blogs!
Im on that pimp c im on that Dj screw I'm on that big hawk
you should probably bring him back. Everyone loves chainmail & frankensteiners.
Mnf are you ready??
Today's Wikipedia article on Living Colour brought to you by Emmet.
This gurl need to take her own advice " I was still talking" AND!!!
not yet! What's up
I was said to hear of Dick Clarks passing today, how are you doing? feeling ok? we will miss him big time huh? take care Lee
It's taken a lot of work to make The Office this bad
haha we will bud
Funny video describing nightmare website relaunch with versioning tangles Road Trip
Will Be the Best in His Class When Its All Said And Done.
Do you have a programmable thermostat at home?
When my mom even thinks about graduating from mdc with me. #scarredforlife 😒😒
No carnival is complete without funnel cakes! #GetSome mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar at WBC compliments of
Brausse Group welcomes new US Distributor PressAccess. www.BRAUSSE.com
you will forever be my girl #sothankfull for you...dont evet forget that. Stay beautiful younginn
Someone call Chris Hanson and tell him Steven Tyler is a predator.
“: here's to the kids who are nice but get treated like shit.”
Countdown to the Shutdown. Clock is ticking.....
I wanted to apologise for the unrelated twitter posts made this past week. I will try to stay on target, and give you some good stuff ONLY
I hate the judges table
On a Segway Tour with Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : #Aquarius anger is cold and calculating, almost not anger at all, more like a focused explosion and its terrible
Oh lord, got a Baby Beyonce on it's way.
Today my friend and I were talking about the shows we like on Disney Junior and how we have no life (:
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that too.
<-And he loves it that way!
My Bengals have the best draft this year
Going to my first job tonight!! Less than one hour! I'm nervous!
Now it's Thea (M) on a powerjam (Rotties jammer in bin), waiting to see just how much she can capitalize
in june. Will keep you posted. Applied to Logan Sq & Andersonville. Can't wait. Benefit at Quenchers on April 22 :)
I'll be there.
I'm so lucky I get to spend for forever with <3
What!??!** omg & are amazing dancers and they got eliminated :( but you guys gonna be in tour so that's good :D Much love!
yea cam get it, she wants the reverse 69 kid!!! Lol sabrina special
That's awesome! I want to do that. Where are you taking the classes?
wish I could say tha same :( lol
I'm very amused by the idea of a mall
Anyone hiked #OldRagMountain in VA? On a scale of 1-10, how expert is the trail (and don't sugar coat it, I'm a beginner)
RE: Broncos. Thanks for the heads up. Not a surprise. A horrible coach.
How many do you have signed up so far? RT: Do it, it will be a blast....
I'm at a lost for words. #Salute to Mayor Maynard Jackson's family.
Haha! Love that idea! RT I'd like to be buried in Yves Saint Laurent!
It's Halloween weekend, time to party it up!!!
Only three hours left at work. Maybe I can do this
You remind me of the babe...
If you don't see the roster on the main page, please refresh the page in your browser. This should fix the issue!
#sadbuttrue Yep - Seems that... "Love is all around..."
“: Oh you spend all your time tweeting members of One Direction? Im sure you'll find a real boyfriend soon.” omg lmao so true
hey , vane!
You know they HEATED!!!  RT Dear Cleveland Cavs Fans, are you watching the NBA Finals ?? or you mad??
I guess I could look into the cost of changing my flights. #regretsbuyingcheapticket /cc
He doesn't know how hard it is to make it look so easy.</3
Pizza Rolls!(:
Shit I need a new job
Convenient friends, I dont even need you phonies, so get lost.
If more people kept what said top of mind, so many problems could be avoided
A Youth Coach told me today, "If we admit we've been teaching tackling wrong we are liable for past injuries" Wow, no ACCOUNTABILITY
ahh what channel. I own that movie, prolly watch it every other month. So amazing that it's a true story as well
Thanks for the RT, Adam! I've never said this, but your Twitter background is sweet!
It's these supernatural religious occasions that cause me to wonder how smart people really are.
#YouShouldNot sign a recall petition against
y'all scared to go to bongos 2maro night
how in the heck are you ?
The trouble is that some mental health problems may not be detected normally but surface in crisis situations.
mike is behind everything like thinking his BMW is quick
So turns out Matt Flynn is real good.
Don't know why I even follow as he ignores me. sad, really sad to think that some fans are better than others I guess.
i might delete this account..... or give it to someone...
yes sounds gr8! I have to jet right after .. We'll connect IRL next time. So glad I came to this event. Insightful!
. argues that today's emerging artists need access to technology. Such support may help later preservation efforts.
Excited For New Jonas Album 4
Thanks RT : Big S/O to my agents and David Lee..couldn't have found better people to represent me..
If Mercury crashed in to Venus, would that eff sh*t up for us?
I grabbed a pen and an old napkin and I, wrote down our song. -Taylor Swift
“: you're following me! ahh! will you please look up mamag005 on YouTube and let me know what u think?" I tried but it didnt work
I'll change your life.
hungry though
late entry off the podcast for the SI cover: bubba-bang-biscuit!
We've moved the Custom Message Editor to CodeSquare Forever Free! Everyone loves a #freebie when it comes to super-powered
good one huh?
Yeah I sure amm
If I survive tomorrow, it will be a miracle!
#random i feel like singing...sweethomealabama
Any twitterrs out there going to Viva Las Vegas? I'll be there!
is in pro se hell.
My Uncles are the sweetest.
we have some other things in the works...
Mark Reynolds the base on balls master.
Woo hoo! Hopefully! :)
I can breathe now that Elise is safe. #theEliTes we've got some work to do.
The same thing that will make you laugh.....will make you cry
Are you going to get season tickets this year?!
Aw boo :( This week's episode was really strong, it seems like they're finally getting to the truth.
I'm sure they will. Be sure to get out there with the family and enjoy it yourself too.
haha was all that shit yours.??:o
U could ask the same question of Bowman.
oh my god 😰 feel better Chris 💙
take it easy fellas
Gotta check out of #aecsm now, catch up with the transcript later! Thanks to you all for great convo and tips!
Zimmerman turned himself in?
(Kurt Warner voice)-"Thank you Jesus"
Patio open, happy hour now till 9pm, late night happy hour @ 9pm. Mucho much things happening and we getting down tonight at the PUB! Xeers
Happy Birthday to two amazing field organizers - and
completely agree!!! I was ready to see 10's!!!
If the TOTAL game score is under 100, do you get sushi?
“: awe here you two go!” don't be hatin
yeah but the thing is ...i dont carre that much about sports. so YAYYYYYY
#TUrnoff to much make up
YMI now might be a good time to buy!
Right? Trying to get our heads around it. Btw, we're at the printer now. Should be getting you some books soon :)
Yes RT : First hammock nap of the season complete. Bring on the summer.
Awesome! Can't wait to read it!
I now have Skype
She wants to take pics, so I'll tweet them. ;-)
you were awesome at the scooter race :)
Wooped. Lololol, well you sure you'd come?
And finally, I apologize in advance for the plethora of parenting tweets that are sure to come. But she's my world right now, so... yeah.
good looking
#iloveitwhen people hate on people they really admire!!!
I got the flu:(
Its ya boy (mr.suber-milwaukee) Follow me back kiddo
Go to your aunts or something. :p
Thank you! :)
#MUSICREVIEWS Estuary Heads - Weight Gain
If Thurston Howell I attacked gay teens it would be hard to like him. #Romney #YaleMan?
What a hoe
this angle is gettin crazy OLD! #hoodphrases this is some jerry springer shit
"SALUTE TO DAH ARCHITECTS"
as long as there's an equation and not just blandness
I missed the wine fest! Hope to catch it next time. I think may have been there as a pourer?
somehow I ended up with 16 five gallon bottles of water in my condo but alas I made 11 of them disappear! Happiness is cleaning my condo!!!
slow as -_-
Why don't curators also train as educators? - Luis Camnitzer (the audience claps)
don't think so :(
Hey we would love a visit here at (add)ventures!
Honk, honk, honk!
I'm afraid to bite the bullet With my luck it would go off randomly hit 3 people & I'd get arrested for being a serial killer
Sometimes revolution starts from within...change your mind and other things will fall into place...
Excited for my wife who got called in for an audition on 5-0. I hope all goes well!
The Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade is going to be held Nov. 21, 2009 from 10:00AM.
"You need to study. You're acting weird to put off studying. I know what you're doing." knows me too well
yeah make sure u follow me bak...facebook look me up rolando pride
Susan Tanisawa was my 6th grade teacher (Longfellow Elementary, Berkeley). Inspiring. I later became a 6th grade teacher.
Busy,Busy, Busy working during the day, and at night I turn into the Wonder Woman Writing Dynamo Author... Having two identities is tough!
Tracy morgan RT : Ray Ray RT : Air Bud RT Somebody tell me who the killer is on scream 4
Just left the studio ! I had a lot of fun !!! I got to meet Larry Batiste and many more people! :D
Today in Blues: Blues artist Bertha ‘Chippie’ Hill recorded “Lowland Blues” November 9, 1925, accompanied by Louis Armstrong on cornet.
Ok I need Direct TV. Seriously...this FoxSportsNorth just really isn't doin it for me
Big theme: getting past the fear!
Happy New Year to you all from us at Liberty Telegraph! Be Safe!
We have a rec league now. In case you love it so much & want to try. We've also got a bootcamp coming up. :)
*waits for my invitational text*
Which 7 year old integrated the Raleigh public schools in September 1960? ... www.americanlegacymag.com later for the answer!
Fish is food not rubbish! Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday PLEASE RT
😁😁😁... You are DC-inized! Gogo April 21 you gotta come ALIVE this time lol
LMAO. To the people who say they can dougie. But can't .
It's 30 degrees in the Kohl for the Sweet 16 reception
going to SIUC in the fall its finna crack....
Just heard n spotted in Andersonville, hova in d hood
My crazy obsession ; humping things? I get no dick.
Getting ready to head down to the Las vegas strip for some fun time.
Tarheel Select tournament going down in Baton Rouge, LA this weekend
was great seeing ya buddy, the #superfans will c u in few weeks in AZ.
Just finished my workout 💪😊
oh that's tomorrow?!
Eating chips & hummus and watching family guy
PFE has a good quarter with WYE now integrated
I bet it was.
"Trust requires unanswered questions." -Joyce Meyer
To live through something so traumatic and then then die so young. So tragic so sad
home girl just combines my words together into pure nonsense.
Interesting tweet - seems HP finally decided who they are. :-) RT : Yes, you’re reading that correctly. We’ve changed our name to !
I feel good!
#quotes The major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting.
I'm gon listen to Selena now.
Packing... jamming to some Fiona Apple... one more show tonight in #Denver showtime 7pm.. flying back to #LA at 7am!
it's rough tay
The look on Cris's face when I brought up the Thunder/Lakers game :D ha, it was funny.
#LT after I order my stuff from Amazon & EBay ! >_<
R>I>P Heavy D
Wow- just learned by june cigarette ads won't be allowed to have color. Cool b & w design constraints there...
my 1st famous client <<< can any 1 guess who he is in my profile pic
Tornado sirens wailing on Labor Day.
What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth? Night ride. Open face helmet. All the smells.
So I just drank a monster..... well no sleep for me any time soon... it was just so delicious.
no problem :) oh yes! Haha we need to go find our boys! :D
Who wants to hit my blunt? Huh...
Social Media - How to Measure Marketing Effectiveness
Thanks for the follow Heather!!
possibly...maybe. Idk.
RT : OMG, thx for the direct message, u r so pretty, i would luv to kiss you!!!
I owe you a phone call re: concert on Jan 15 -lets connect soon.
Because all the fighting and all the tears and all the uncertainty is worth it
thank you! That lavender bath I just took made a new person out of me. Have a great night ;)
. If you're talking about What to Expect, I'm with on this one. It's hilarious.
Texas Fight!
okay. how are you?
Yep, I needed to mop up 3 inches of water from my disaster storage/laundry room today.
it's fluent jare....
Happy Mothers Day moms! And anyone who plays the mom role for someone. Enjoy your day! You all rock!
can't get hoosuite to work right now.....
LOL Yeah, Braun has been hit as many times so far this year as he was hit all of last year.
At first, when i see you smile...yeah it makes me smile. Oh it makes me smile :)
Thursday night Watch out #austin I got my tickets... Did you ?
How dare you joke about Selena! RT : Selena Is Pregnant?!? Has to be a joke!
really? DM me
Good, busy as always! Hope you are well!! I'll be in touch with you in the next month or so... exciting project in the works...
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :)
You stole my heart, you're a great guy and I think with this you don't discourage ... I love you sweet Zayn
Ready to start Session 3 with
what's wrong?!
I'm amazed it's taken this long.
Eminem thinks that it's funny too :P
BANG IT
I want to thank everyone who came out last night for the films. It was a blast!
The junk yard offer $500.for this Honda Car,and no one seems to want to give more.It looks like salvage company is the winner.
cool... how much?
The bar lounge is so classy, it was worth shaving for.
Hotel CURRENT/Long Beach has just been added to our list of hotels!!!20% off best available rate.
YOU FUCKN SUCK!
The #Ravens and are now fielding offers for pick 1.29 -
Studio! Getting alot done!
Boo to #Directv for their bad Sunday ticket feed. Was looking forward to one last Colts game at BW3's before the baby's arrival.
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely. RT
Turning off my phone because there's no point in having one if I don't use it.
One thing I've learned from Twitter is people love glib, sentimental quotes.
Uh Oh. My voice is gone. Pleasse come back.
Thanks for the help BEST FRIEND! :P
Cooler weather is on the way. Need new #windows and #doors installed by professional installers in #Albuquerque or #Santa Fe? (505)362-0529
Practice makes perfect
we have both :) just ask your server.
Every second I move further and further away from being young....
Smiling with you. Another day is done... and another tomorrow to kick #butt and take names.
Join our official dsdsq2 tweet
Gonna love t swizzle forever she is my love for life love you Taylor
Don't just think, do! Don't just speak, act! Don't just wait, move! Don't just pray, try! #
Vegetarians Unite! And then come to the burger bar and try our veggie-tastic B Veggie burger or check out our special the B Tofurkey!
dam that sounded good as fuck just reading your tweet lol
any chance of enforcing the laws? I almost get hit by cyclists and cars everyday while walking to and from work.
follow back?
Hey Happy Friday! How's it going?
With the holidays right around the corner now is the time for a fresh coat of paint. Call us to schedule a free estimate 619-562-5848
Heck yeah. I live on sweat and dreams. :) Vegas rocked - I've re-read it more than a few times when I needed a 'feel good'...
Man, every time I buy a Slurpee I feel like and are gonna accost me in the parking lot.
Just got back from local auto dealership. It's a Cash for Clunkers zoo out there! Story to come on 12 News.
Awesome week in Cali with the rents! Went by way too fast.
If your not following yet, you should change that:)
Good running into at 's speech at They put out a mean lunch spread!
was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor!?
that's w u are doing. Where is the instagram?
: I'm not worried about Oduro. It's Robayo who looks disinterested to me. Almost confused where to be. Paladini best be ready.
I Dont know what that is!! :(
First day of finals was good :)
We are playing in San Diego on the 15th (next friday) Come chill?
Got around 11K going to 300/600/50, lost half my stack firing three barrels couldn't get a fold.
What's realtive humidity?? The sweat that rolls down the crack of your ass when you are fucking your sister
Just listened to the first #MohrStories podcast. Was pretty good, I think I will try a few more.
A very merry christmas to u and your family hope to see u more on mike and molly love u
This pass weekend I was not sober
Benna confirmed something about the show I've long suspected: people mostly watch it for the clothes.
I thought I knew myself until I took a good look in the #mirror! :)
please tell to step up his Twitter game!
miss you to
:-) - The Team seemed like a great example to use in yesterday's Twitter chat.
thanks handsome!
YBP Library Services (YBPLibServices) is now on Twitter! Stay up to date with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Screen partner sites carefully, avoid sites hosting excessive reciprocals and site wides, says
Hitman or Silent Hill---> RT : Whats the best Video Game turned movie ever made ? WE say Double Dragon hahahaah
You dont realize how much damage is done, til its DONE !
Thanks man! Woke up happy today!
Catching some rays!!
Ahh, so you're at Steve's.
Packing for the weekend and watching RHOA
Add Portland to the list of citys I have been obliterated in
Just like that we working! The #WatchMKE official website will be done by
First Cooking Class in the new kitchen tomorrow! Dough making in progress...
Just taught 3 (often disruptive) students to use basic Terminal commands in OS X to open memorial image of Steve Jobs.
#Follow this sweety :)
Sorry for the big humangous absence I'm back tho :D
Is this nasty Texas heat going to go away? I hate the heat!
What does THE WORD ALIVE, I SEE STARS, MAKE ME FAMOUS, BETRAYING THE MARTYRS & CROWN THE EMPIRE all have in common???
Fuck I'd love to want a milkshake right now.
I've already seen 7 buses go by the opposite way. Where's my bus? It is a nice night for a stroll...and
we going through some problems,but we go be alrigh ima go see her today
all z's for me v__v
No pressure on my pimpin sweetie
At school!
so Colorado is a pretty ligit place
They wanted me to come in...on mothers day..at 9:45... The f I look like
one of my favorite songs too his whole cd bang!
record a cover of it!
Ah yes, I love my family and friends but and I PRAYED for "no's"!
Ha! True! Speaking of the #76ers... How bout them
They locking down public square this morning .... The casino gone do numbers today ...and i dont have my rain man suite yet lol fuck
It's been wonderful! Thanks for your amazing hospitality! Back to #Plano today!
Let's go Bears!!!! Gotta beat the Panthers!
At the Crossing Brooklyn Ferry festival at BAM. My girlfriend took me to see the Antlers and St-Vincent. #bam (theplacenotthecontroversy)
#3DAYS OMG OMG OMG !(:
If your boss cusses you in front of customers. You quit.
my puppy is so cute when he is dreaming <3
Jesus would've wanted a drink tonight too. Happy Easter!!
Its Jeremy Kyle time wit his shit talkin ass.
Been workn so hard...
Also busy with American football, season started and the Oakland Raiders have been kicking ass, and they're my favourite NFL team!
In Haiti and told there are 400 varieties of mangoes here. Can anyone confirm?
I would very much agree
Snack machines give you cancer...-Mark Haggard
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHICA
Can you add me on xbl(willepps98) and do u have two xbl accounts because there is another account named Chris smoove
had to walk home from school today.... Well at least it's a beautiful hot day. (: stopped by Starbucks to get a caramel frapp. My fav <3
Would like to see Seager to SS and LIdi to 3b. Can always def replace later in the game?
we get out at the same time. haha.
#Scandal is scandalous and deliciously entertaining! I love this show!
Can you handle it if i go there baby with you?
your wave tweet looks great!
Going to see Strasburg pitch to the Marlins today. Go Nats!
Hah, excellent point :)
It's snowing in Nashville today! #snow The wind is really howling
Your girlfriend is rated “E” for Everyone.
The movie is so completely terrible. I laughed at it.
Getting Hungry At Night , But Being Too Lazy To Get Out Of Bed <<<<
Biggest Loser!!!!!!
hahahah was hoping someone would get that! good day, sir.
Crenshaw High School Marching Band-Los Angeles Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands And The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Who better to talk to then the person that understands your problems the most
gimme an address
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you're trying to do your school work and your grandmas next door neighbors dogs won't shut up....
X-mas with my 13month twins, amazing this year! decorated the tree, wrapped a dozen presents for them 2 tear up, baked goodies. So excited!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Easter Everyone Be Blessed
You lucky SOB
Thanks for the follow Trevor. On
Funny how you all for getting money yet you ain't got two cents to rub together
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Palko should draw a paycheck from Steelers. 2 int 1 fumble in 17 min
via Boston Red Sox 1st official Grapefruit League game is 3/4 // this just made my day.
What School You Go Too ?
i thought tht was a pic of dora the explorer on ur profile lol
I love it <3 Makes my heart smile.
No matter what you think...Peyton Manning's best football is in the rear view mirror.. good move.
I've reached the unfortunate conclusion that I'm tall man fat. Gota hit the elyptical. #yougonaeatthatdeadfatguy?
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
You, too, Ben. Merry Christmas.
Getting higher than the Empire State...from the paint fumes in my car!
I got flash out my
are you coming back to buff? The dirty is calling your name
DAYUM STRANGER TYPE :/
It was like watching him play the Redskins last year. #Fail RT : oh.. poor #eli.. that.. was rough...
What went wrong? u tell us tomorrow
Treasure hunt! I thought the clues were leading to my bday gift - but it led to him proposing to me!
Dogfish apparently only made one bourbon barrel version of their World Wide Stout in a firkin. It MIGHT be in the city for Pgh Beer Week.
M food
#undateable is one who lied to get you in the first place.
no problem:)
Wacha' do: in', Granpop? Noon.Mysterious Science: The Truth Behind Bigfoot
RT : : <--I called u last wk < Ur lying, U gotta be lying or have the wrong number! I sleep with my fone.! ARRRGGGHHH
I graduate in 18 days I better see all my twitter followers pretty faces there
is the coolest person I know and would probably die without her!
Happy First Thursday!! Passing out ICED samples in front of Perlas with ! Come by and say hi
shares data that correlates # of Qs asked & creativity ; highest @ age 5 and lowest @ 44 #HRSummit2012 - its all up hill 4 me:)
Swirls and twirls 😍
Fresh huggies actually
“: OMG awkward Courtney!!!! #bachelor” I know, right?
I'm gonna be asleep when it's out.): I wanted to try and be the 1st, 2nd, or 3rd person to commonly on it. It will be 12pm)':
can we have a #Revenge viewing party tomorrow????
At least I don't have to wonder now. I hate fb, but it always got the answer to any question!
lol yeah yeah :-p
If anyone sees Allied Van Lines 18 wheeler between Tampa and Raleigh, let me know. They are taking FORever!
gotta love auto-correct...except when in a hurry and/or slightly tipsy :)
RT : Looks like we may have to wait til tomorrow morning to find out who Ohio hates slightly less.
Like Expressly Gourmet? Click "Like" on our facebook page for exclusive coupons and updates on new restaurants you can get delivery...
When I was a kid, I made a dove in a pottery class for my mom. It was the UGLIEST thing ever, but she displayed it proudly
PennDOT upgrades traffic radio signal
Listening to justin bieber
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Damn you nacho cup.
Bases loaded with Nats at #Nationals Park!
Thank you! Hope you had a great one!
think positive, and positive things happen
Goes to show that it pays to be honest.. Yes that's intended to be a pun.
hey sweetie I voted for you!!! i`m not sure if you`ve ever been told this before but you remind of
People don't like it when you change because the ways that they used to manipulate you stop working
Interested of joining our new group for male overshoppers? Get more info at www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/mens-group
Follow Back BD!
New house=old, creaky, and perfect. All seven of my followers should come over and see it...that includes you Governor.
awwh  thank you. You're pretty. (:
Wondered why I was in such a crappy mood today...I have no good reason to be...
Decries OPS, point of article ends up being the Mariners are doing better bc they have more power, but need higher OBP. Wow.
Vitamin C works wonderfully to help prevent FUS in cats while it boosts the immune system too.
#227&motherfuckingcounting! Watching Henry come & do what he does was the best high any Gooner can experience. #spursbarca&therestcanblowme!
Just great!
The video is apparently live already!?!? No one told me it went early hahah
awww all you girls are so cute with your shows.
his ahh got cleared
Wow, I never get a S/O! Lol! Thanx n #GoodMorning ": s/o "
RT : thats what I'm talking about! Help E2 reach their goal!
It would seem that the teacher of this class doesn't know that I have a SA black lager waiting for me.
Watching MA election returns!
What a great day to eat on the Patio at Fresh. Halibut Fish Tacos are on!
going to hang out with my little sister for the first time tonight 8-)
Whoa! #Facebook timeline? sweet! we might just be able to reconcile our love-hate relationship. Do you come here often?
I love this weather!
Just read the j14 mag Niall Harry and Zayn made it on the hottest guy list WTF where's Liam and Louis
Bass how do you feel about the DQ at UFC Rio this weekend,and Joe Calling out the Reff?
When a person's car alarm keeps going off in the middle of the night or before it's time for me to wake up 😡😡😡
our shelves are stocked! Come in and see us! Just a short drive down Federal open till 7 :)
RT if you're a girl (:
take a pic!! I tried to use green on my eyes this morning and it looked like poo
I hat staying up late.
My feelings for you are like the sea. " Wild and romantic ? " "No, they make me sick."
Don't be scared. We'll take this slow. :)
im guessing bcuz of all their test subjects.
Using 1594 (Paris) hours worked, Business Insider's calc for French productivity s/b $22.89, compared to $$24.6 USA. Booya!
love ya chica!
Congrats to #California artist on the announcement of "there & back" at
I hate rednecks
The weekend is a few short hours away! Roll into it with a Chicken and Pepper Jack Burrito Roller. The perfect get-me-through-the-day treat!
haha I bet it does
Thanks for the follow :)
thanks =) i bet you say that to all the random people that plug their blog site to you
where at fool?
Thanks for following us!
Do you get to any/many home games?
What a great way to start off the day with an intellectually stimulating conversation. Topic: politics and framing
NATS: Happy Birthday, Danny Espinosa - District Sports Page
Hi, my name is Maria Jose & I just sprayed perfume in my eye
WHEN YOU GETTING MONEY LIKE THE DOPE MAN
Anyone else think too much when you're trying to fall asleep?
Will be posting some before and after pictures of fitness Cahllenge soon!!!!!
Thank you!! TGIF indeed!
#WhyImFatExcuses I'm on a starts tommorow diet.
Blue like Ms. Obama.
Why do my classes go by so slow...prolly because I just sit in my desk and stare into space...
And then they go on to wonder why the business makes no money and they are close to bankruptcy
if it had a catch phrase it would be called that haha 😉
AWESOME! What a great market to be in. Congrats!
didn't do my homework. O. I'm such a BADASS.
Lindsay lohanvs. Emma stone
do you and also like those scented markers?
so upset im nautious
that's cool!! Then you'll probably like my gift to you & K!
mosaic district coming soon!
"... that would best get the story across." - Wheeler
thank you menso :p
We'll try.
I love snow ...
It's raining hard and it was thundering. It sounds like home.
Only 6 hours till Spring Break 2012 begins!
One week from today....Christmas Eve!!
To be honest the Dj opener wasnt that bad.
thanks :-) I'm doing that insanity workout and tanning everyday! I wanna lose 10 more lbs.
ok thanks, didn't know it was that new ...
Of course he would find zach dancing on stage hahaha
I think I look ugly in it
Come check out surrender tonight! It's going to be awesome... Only
Found out this morning that my dog needs knee surgery.
I'm a librarian, too, and I think ASKP will represent me. Plus all of those other members who don't have "librarian" in title.
On my way to PurpleLight!
I want to meet the adult version of myself.
true lol . Whats her name? & no. start talking to her :)
yes!! Thank you! For tweeting me! where u from?? Omo I love you!!
I'm glad shit is working out for you two, that makes me happy )
Gotye is criticizing Glee for their interpretation of his song, which is ridiculous, since it never would have gone to #1 without Glee.
I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer this week. The first one's called "Plans"--a pretty ballad about finding someone for...
Listening to U Smile... :')
love. love it. Wish we could just have a machine like at the bank,&I would send product I know you'd love!
Thanks mucho for the support!
nice to meet you too. i love a good slurpee brainfreeze; popcorn makes me want to see a movie. what's your friday look like?
It's cool I got the first flight out in the morning
Thanks! Free prizes are awesome to give or get. :D
Fun chat w/ today. I was reminiscing about art school & how few messes we get to make in Real Life. Time to throw some paint around.
RT : "Cold? This Isn't Cold Yet, Just You Wait"
GO OBAMA save us from armageddon!!! Love you Eliot
saw everyone postin happy bday So confused! I didn't think it was but I just went along with it :P April fools king haha!
No plans for tonight? Head on down to Mo's Irish pub for great entertainment!
We're sorry to hear that Jesus, it looks like you called in and spoke to a rep today. Anything else we can assist with?
Everyone should be entitled to discounted prices whether you are a merchant or a single customer. Take a look at our variety of products!
Out for a long run around the lakes in the steamy heat now that the rain has stopped in
Wondered where you went. Good night
Pigeons on the roof like ghost dog
LOL RT : I'm headed to #Coachella to watch the holograms clean up.
good night.♥
Eli started so well...
baby you light up my world like nobody else<3
I got my mind on the money and the money on my mind$
I am so lame-o.
thought the NBA had a superbowl smdh
I have had a tough weekend with the passing of my grandma but things are getting a little better
Today I am better than i was yesterday. Great workout. Heading to the cages later in the afternoon
Shout out to that shout out RT “: Shout out to ”
Just stopped through Cartersville for lunch! It was good to see my old hometown.
I love you baby now and forever. Happy 2 month anniversary. <3
you should have a rumble anyway just to make it interesting
||Ukraine||"bye, I love you.."
When Ashley and Alexis go to McDonald's before a game and bring back 7 large fries >>>>
I wish they would have played against each other this past year.
I don't know why I told Happy Birthday?! I'm dumb :b Happy Birthday have a great day girlie! :)
Absolutely. When's good?
You're a player ?
Happy Monday. Cheers!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday? Then get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!! 18b & Fremont East will be a rockin...
It's just a shame that one is not allowed to be a Independent thinking Rep or Dem. To many drink the kool-aid!
- i ask myself why i cry over your band, then i quickly respond to myself saying you guys are the best thing ive ever heard.
Ken Burns does it again. Prohibition is an awesome doc.
Thanks! Hopefully 4 tomorrow but it might end up bein 3.5 depending on my body
My sis need 2 hurry up
Two hours watching hilarious TV shows here in my house! I think my box of laughter crashed out. Will spend one hour!
I'd like to chat sometime about your UX background, we have some exciting changes and roles in the works.
Sensitive people are the most insensitive. How is that?
Feeling lazy?! Take 20 minutes out of your day (lunchtime!) and help reduce CVD disease in women and increase endorphins (happy feelings!)
Currently reading: "We need to talk about Kevin" by Lionel Shriver.
On my way to 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!!
Must head out for Mothers Day shopping and whatever else to shop for....... ;)
Cardinals in beastmode. Where's Prince when you need him?
Infographic: Recent Spike in Gas Prices Fuels Renewed Interest in... Conservation and gas credit cards are among the tools consumers can
what a Casanova
first time i heard the studio version i freaking love it <3
so where you from?
New releases fm :09 Cote Sud Vineyard Chard and 09 Jerusalem Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir. Looking for either in our #Easter basket!
and reinvigorated the love, dedication and commitment yesterday - a million thanks
we need to hang out soon !!(:
Don't know & EPYD's may not. But I have VeroniCUN, Sheriff Wyles, Baytoe, Stevo, SUSIA, CRAPleigh, they r ANTI-CHRISTians!
BUT HE DMED ME HE WAS WORKING ON IT AND... THE TGT CD AS WELL *SIGHS* I CANT WAIT TIL IT DROPS WHENEVER IT DOES
honesty... That one took me a min. O.o
#ucrADPchat RT : shares good point! Know yourself - prepare yourself! Outline your accomplishments
& Did Ypu Get The Pixx I Sent From My Momma Phone?
thanks to one of the most adventurous and energetic ladies I've ever met!! You're a real shot of life, you know
Now, girls hit puberty at 10 - Times of India
lol u silly!!
I feel like a #hipster. Got Big Sean's new song the day it dropped
Had a great day 2day and was told I was beautiful so had a fabulous day
Making an album in 5 months was probably the craziest idea ever. I guess sometimes crazy is good!
colorado tomorrow!! partyyyyyyytime
dropping the columns is a good trick, but doesn't the reader deserve a cue that something's missing?
My mom better not had fell asleep on me. Or else I'm going to have to sleep outside
Why is it every time we see your name we start singing Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody? ;)
they gotta learn muscles and shit... Some school use frogs, we use cats. Strange, yes. But it's not as bad as it sounds!
I love the pic! I'm wishing I niped those glasses from ! #TEALtini was amazing! Thanks to you all!
text me
lol....dudes are hardheaded.
Rihanna sucks she sounds like shes running out of breath
Fact of the Day, by a Professional Researcher: There's a Hasbro toy called "Sit'n'Spin." Hasbro is a #dirty bird.
Someone got skills? I'll let you know
happy Birthday!
dueces by chris brown
I know right if it is i'm gonna stalk it and get a picture next to it lol xD
Do not be misled: bad company corrupts good character. 1 cor 15:33 what company are you keeping?
I meant well-deserveD...
Good luck beats early rising. - Irish Proverb
cute avi girl
Love Best Buy CTO's definition of creepy vs spooky marketing tracking
My opinion....Kenny McCormick should be one of the Avengers. He is the Immortal. LOL
Definitely. You should check out my man, Very smart dude. Genius with words.
Feel Good On A Good Friday Live From The Industry On starts at 11p w/ On the turntables me on the mic for 1 hype party
WE GOT LOVE FOR YOU AT MOGUL MARATHON. BAY AREA GET IT!!!
Follow for news that will change the way you do business.
#OnlyUglyPeople == know it alls, weasels, backstabbers, the closed-minded, biggots, ...
Just saw an intentional foul Called that i doubt ever would have been called in a boys game
I think this is the first time I've been cleanly shaved all year
RT Herman Cain is "reassessing" the viability of his campaign.
you make it to ATX yet? :)
Brangelina are engaged. :) just lightening up things a little.
Oh her I been hit that haha.
Why isn't Martin's bat pink?
Thanks! It's should be
Thanks for the info Scott!
shout out the moms who have no idea what twitter is and won't read these shoutouts
All I want for Christmas is a follow from But I'd settle for a job writing about the Pack from
Watching this saga in real-time! Like the balloon boy of a few years back! Do your windows open?
Listen to the #MiddayMix on like in a min lol with and #dopeness :)
How does it feel outside?
Likewise Mr. Lahey.
Hello ! Always happy to chat- Thursday's my best day this week. Would that work?
Bridal shower for my daughter today!! So EXCITED for her..
"We cannot escape ourselves." RT : I am Henri the cat today
I FEEL YOU LIKE YOUR MY BEST FRIEND EVENDOUGHT YOU DONT KNOW IM EXCSITING!!
Looking for a part time Reference Librarian to fill a position in #NY! Contact me for details
where's he off to?
Thank YOU for being a great judge and helping make this another fantastic ADDY year!
RT : You have roughly 1 hour and 30 mins to enter giveaway, go and enter, dont be a fool and miss it! #Bejeweled!
u do and I'm one of them
inauguration Chicago Childrens Choir shines
Awesome. Appreciate you guys doing these; they're always highly entertaining.
IM DETERMINED TO MEET HIM! I've seen him live 5 times I need to meet him haha. ;) a
"I need the coke so I can write so I can pay you AFTER I get my advance, 10 weeks after the book pubs." - authors, to their drug dealers
What songs would you all like to hear me cover?! :]]
would love to but we're busy as hell up here its by the way didn't realize I sent that from this acct LOL
m, don't let your obsession get so extreme that you forget firewood may be a bad idea given the location. Bon appetit though!
Goodnight peoples
Ashbrook: we are not looking for "empty-suit #civility"
#Bring1DSigningToMichigan! Yes, please, we need a chance to see our boys! (:
the court say he didn't!!! U gotta love our justice system!!
At least he paid for his own pills...
#FF Broaden your horizons and your vocabulary with Transparent Language!
The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.
RT : #GoodThingsInTheWorld Having someone that understands you, listens, gives you advice, and actually cares.”
lmfao how you gon give a shout out to yourself
How can you be okay with knowin he fuck with other bitches/ knowin you a side line tho???
Fuzzy monkey
sounds good to me
/droid or iphone. I went to Market, download recorder, tape it and share via email. You can also do this w/ garage with a Mac.
When I focus on softening how I feel around any doubts I have in my career, things begin to shift. I know the best is yet to come.
wheww! the hard disk filled but i cleared some space and it's fixed. we've had registrations than i had anticipated! :)
Getting carried away wont get you anywhere..
If you can say "best year yet," each year until you die then you've lived one hell of a life!
no, i dont know. what is the stasi?
12 mins #Cleveland! Pull those one arm bandits!!!
Limp Noodle
Had a great dinner experience at in #Brookfield. I am stuffed.
Mhmm. 'member I said I was getting it today, so that's what i've been doing since I got home
lucky wish i was there,
can u follow me plez ;) <3
fool you're gonna be 3rd string. Sit your ass down.
I'm surprised James and Wade haven't gone upside Bosh's head for playing so soft...looking like Snoops flamboyant twin out here
I love youu,, I really hope you see thiss!
On the ground in Oslo The below freezing temperature is refreshing...at least for this moment :-). 20 min until I see Treasure...
whats up man?how's the jay tics lookin?
Melanie Fiona is so fuckin sexy
At work. Can't wait to leave. Hopefully I can ball later. Get my mind off everything.
just getting a trim. Keep your composure 😁 def not shaving
": It's a long ass video lol"Lol..hit me on voxer
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
"pride comes before the fall" not in Bible. Proverbs 16:18 Pride goeth before destruction...
American Idol really knows how to drag out a show...ugh
Beautiful day for an early show in Portland. Doors are at 6, TW at 6:30pm.
Just settled into my new Tampa apartment. PS- screened in patios kick ass!
Going to watch my first pro fútbol game in a few weeks! Men's USA vs. Scotland! Going to be awesome!
do people still get chicken pocks?
please do.
It happens all the time.
sigh... what an AWFUL night
reduce . recycle . reuse
your new album rules!
AppNexus is another firm contender to consolidate players in the real-time bidding space.
Pence with a 2RUN HOMER and the Phils take a 2-1 lead in the 4th. Still batting with no outs.
Let's go Murray State!
so great meeting you! i can't wait to see the pictures from last night!
he's a stone cold fox
hell yeah I need a doctor! specifically that one out in front. I see you FIJI!!
I always appreciate 's support of me. You know I got your back chica! :)
Review of "A History of Food in 100 Recipes" thinks Betty Crocker's cheese fondue recipe odd, is unduly upset she isn't real.
GM WORLD TGFAD #early tweet bout to eat :-) #jackNabox breakfast
I'm hungry :(
Good. Things have been really busy lately between school and the internship. I have also had a few good interviews this month.
Add Neil Patrick Harris to the list of famous people I've seen come into Beeps...
"Would He? ..Yea Bitch i Would Eat" -Lil B Hahaha
GODDAMN! That looks delicious!
And CST testing starts tomarow ugh! -__- at least we get out early :D
Thank you for the RT.. Much appreciated.
Feeling so tired today, it's already 230pm and I can't wake up. Let's blame it on the weather:-)
Farmer's market treasures: asparagus, strawberries and homemade blueberry ice cream!
haha I think some dude I met on twitter sent it to me? Can't remember! Saw you at IMS but you looked busy..can't wait for May!
Thank You Based Scoots for your Common sense. Love you!
I'm like super scared to be around them now.
I bet y'all ain't ready for this trip...or this flight lol
Ready for Nashvegas. Is it Friday yet?
Westlife - June 1st, Exams End - June 15th, Believe - June 19th, Braces Off - June 20th, 16th Birthday - June 21st! I LOVE JUNE♥
aren't they asking her to work for below minimum wage to correct their mistake?
Time to go die in the sun for awhile. Run, run, run.
Cant stop listening to !!! It's just soo amazing!
on the phone with work call you back in a few
I'm ready for lunch! I brought a bug ass salad and a small bowl of homemade chili ☺ and I've got a bowl paked in the truck
hahaha Emily----Nope--ive never fish in my life--I live in Dallas :)......is it fun?!?
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION & CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2-week "PRESIDENTING".
Flower foods should not be diluted with more water than is specified on the packet.
I grew up going to Sox games at old Comiskey Park. :)
very excited to be off to see Real Madrid play Chivas Guadalajara tonight at Qualcomm Stadium San Diego... who to cheer for?
Thanks Tom. Best wishes for the mobile dev industry!
BL and Glee tonight!! So excited!! Just gotta get through the daughter's dance class!
#sla2010 #dsoc intl virtual libs program not in pocketbook listing, tuesday at 2pm room R09
Great chat indeed-- lots of exciting things in our city's future if we just know what to envision / execute!
Holy Crap! Billy Mays, the infomercial guy, died! He was JUST on the Jimmy Fallon show! And he was also 50 years old! WTF is going on!
Fridge contents: Organic whey protein, Grey Poupon, and a bottle Taittinger
Join us at La Mesa today for the SD Humane Society Mobile adoption 12pm-4pm
hahaha you guessed it:-)
Im Listening...
devil in heaven - fly as hell
o how was it?
Do not judge God's love for you based on your circumstances the Cross is the measure of God's love for you!!
I know more people cried today then any other day in history.... I know Paris Jackson made you shed a tear ... I really feel sorry for her
Jim Covarrubias was painting live at Arcosanti on Satuday to live music.
now if he keeps up playing like that..
Whoa, Reading Terminal Market is RIGHT NEXT to the conference center? Thank god there will be good lunches, then!
chillin in Germany.
-- we want you here in KC!! The home of the CHIIEEEEEEFFSS. All the barbeque you can handle
helping my dad clean the pool like a good daughter 👼💁👍
how about the silver sticker under the brim?
