Oh! You boys wearing the colors in Australia...I think I'm going to cry. Boomer!
I did, in fact, get married! And some of my friends are beautiful people and not the best photographers :-p
Back on a plane tomorrow -- heading to #DukeReunion and some of my best friends in the world.
Yeah. Skateistan really rocks!!
oh darn i ment most. Of ur quotes written in my binder
What's better than watching watch sports? Watching watch a horror film. :-)
i can bring moms truck up to get u if u want
Do you need Air Conditioning service In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
lol don't worry about it
I see I'm wait listed on the full moon photography session on May 5th. Hope a space becomes available!
It officially opens at 5:30.
just read one of your blogs , thank you for the advice :)
Also at Gibson Lib tomorrow @ 9:30 a.m. drop-in for the second class in the Web Computer Class series. Requires basic web browsing skills.
Bart shows his softer side in tonight's episode when he befriends a pigeon. Watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
Chicago audition was brutal yesterday... Shakespeare & Velveeta Cheese?
The Lucy one is so cute!!
Working on scene stuy hw....cool!
I wish there was something to watch on TV this weekend lol.... GO #Brewers GO #badgers GO #Packers awesome sports weekend!
#LRT these tweets explain my life right now
Job opening in cat. plan'g Josh ObermarkAJILON CONSULTING
Check out these #WritingCitizens:
Miley Cyrus: Will Trace Cyrus and Brenda Song Name Their Baby After Miley?
Saying that Seacrest is the new Dick Clark, is like calling Bieber the new Sinatra.
watching step up 3
SB45 Biz Lesson # 26: Create and leverage momentum.
Hope you can participate some time.
Get the bumble bee off idol.
Two jobs, two classes, 5 hours volunteering a week....summer is about to get busy. I hate being an adult.
LOL. Mind you, us older gals still have it goin on.
Great things coming out of the GSEA office!
thank you. :)
That orange glow, means that its working
Crazy Happy Hours tonight on special LUCKY CONTADINA ARROSTITA
I saw your game against BC WBB, much better than #35 “: For those wondering: No, I'm not wearing #35 for the Mavs tonight.
Check Out the Home for New Music and Unsigned bands at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic You will be glad you did
$10 cover on a wed = I won't be entering your establishment. Jerks.
hey do we have any mail? I'm at the Blatz now so I could grab it.
but will they make me a cynar ice cream when I visit?
Lots of calls about the Epilepsy Walks! Don't forget the Walks will be in November this year to celebrate Epilepsy Awareness Month!
Headed to Vegas today!
love that.
It's depressing actually, at least for me.
I asked them the same thing - they didn't seem to like the question
yeah, definitely too much for twitter. Would be down for discussing over coffee/beers.
Wolf! Please take on the electoral college, and work to get rid of it! It would be great if every vote counted, no?
i live in Brooklyn ! <333
me & are hitting up the bottles 2night. Gonna have a jam session & drunk mix thru the night. Maybe snort some off the platter! JK
sounds great!
Here, here! RT Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened - Dr Suess has some wise words!
I know it's Sunday morning when 80 percent of my twitter and FB feeds are mentioning last night's investigations! Hehehe. LOVE it!
Just got back in time for Tutto Fresco mmhmm italian spaghetti
Researching personalized urinal cake covers for promotional items. Typical Thursday.
Take Ya Girl Kidnapped Her Feed Her To My Mattress!
We’re flattered to hear you think so! Which bar did you enjoy over the weekend? RT: Sunbelt has the best granola bars!
Iran Nuclear Talks ‘Constructive’ After 15-Month Halt
Yayy. I'm glad you like it. So don't make fun of me after this. YouTube The Millionaires- Party Like A Millionaire. Haha.
“: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!
LED technology are well-recognized and sought after across multiple industries
try some crystal light. It has some caffeine but no sugar. Just think of it like the patch.
oh i dont like her...
S/O to my new follower :)
try really hard!
Hmm... my thoughts as well.
All this talk made me forget about Shabazz.
Are the librarians the most dangerous people in Stained-by-the-Sea in the new Lemony Snicket All the Wrong Questions?
Getting more and more followers on G+ and Quora. Does that mean people are actually using those networks?
I was thinking the same thing. I wish them the best on the fertility journey, but there has got to be more to them than that.
Congratulations on your win! Very excited for you :)
Mango shrimp tacos with Mexican side salads for $8.99!!! Bud light pints for $3.00! Half price wine bottles
Decertification = potential delay to the season. What it doesn't mean is a delay to the 2011 Fantasy SUPERDRAFT. Details to be posted soon.
Don't forget mid-term supervisor evaluations are due tomorrow.
I'm still here for you.
I'm a little shocked -- a) that #preds lost both, maybe more that they played like a pickup league team b) that #kings dominating
WOOHOO!!!!! San Diego, San Francisco, L.A...that's a good start for my mini-tour on #TheTour!!!! Who's there!? Don't tempt me to add Vegas!
Can't forget seeing the Easter bunny either.
We got about 10 minutes of frogs falling from the sky and now just rolling thunder and spitting.
Sweet home sweet home
follow back
Re. scheduling. Be flexible. Want to hear some elaboration on that? Ask - he has tales to tell.
Pop pink holidays shows: Thursday Pittsburgh, Akron Friday!
New 'Amazing Spider-Man' Lizard pics hit the web (ha!) - Yahoo! Movies UK (blog)
RT : True mgmt musical chairs doesn't always work But feel the changes are better #TimeWillTell #IT #in <If dn thtfl
Win,win,win,win win
You don't call mentally ill people retarded that just bad taste... You call your friends retarded when the do something stupid
Shocker Boise State actually plays a team with talent and loses....again. And some people think they would make it is a BCS conference????
Are you ready for this?!?
I hear that! RT : Life gets in the way of my reading enjoyment
I'm looking for studio space/something i could turn into space to do photos a couple days a week-know of anythin, l.a./valley
coffee at work today is shittier than normal. perhaps it's a Friday afternoon pot? entirely appropriate for the day I imagine I'll have.
shit goes hard bro, the old shit is the best, i feel my rhyme's being heavily influenced
ignore it. look below the comment...now look above. see how many people support you? focus on that!
Sticky 2nite and DJ
ty. I sat Chooch to try & secure the spread. 2/3 or better from Espinosa seemed like a long shot.
It still amazes me how fucking small vero is. Walk into the DMV and the only other person there is a kid I went to middle school/hs with -_-
Friends are like teeth, be true to them or they'll be false to you. - pops
Haha yes yes I know it will all work out for us journos!!
The more I think about it, the more bummed I get! Ugh!
what does it taste like?
bah, all I want right now is a nap.
getting big. That's my son! She might have pushed him out, but he acts like me. Lol!
The closed captioning on Barney just called Baby Bop, Baby Boo!
Yo Valpo! Country Music night is coming to your town this Saturday at THE WAREHOUSE! Come git yer country on!!
Let me work in the office Idc lol
Semicolon, bad! BAD semicolon! #ProofreadingIsLikeTrainingADogButI'mTheDog
@ @ Are you all looking for apps to address following directions w multiple basic concepts?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world. -- Heather Cortez
What good is a party if you're too busy to enjoy it?
“: Dear someone has a crush on you (your really really cute!<3 ). #SomeonesCrushin” so who sent me this?:)
Broke ass men !
Happy Friday Night!
I woke up as a mindreader this morning
#imthekindofperson who is a best friend til the end...of time that is. Mess with my friends, you mess with me.
I will alleviate her of any embarrassment. When your done let me know so I can slaughter her & fry up some steaks I'm hungry.
is a sexy beast!! <3
find some
Group hugs are fucking awesome 😃
Attempting to check emails from the last week. Blah
That moment when u try to blow a bubble but your gum ends up popping out of your mouth :)
when you don't know your place, you wonder and give it legitimate cause "grind" "my time" "takeover" "on top"
Brian!!!! whats up man!
crying at #TVD omg its so sad
In "Where the Sidewalk Ends" (1950), D. Andrews and G. Tierney mix memory and desire in this back-street replay of their "Laura" love affair
Zac Brown band singing national anthem at the Packers/Falcons. The band members are ATL fans and they have a song about fried chicken.
without top QB's
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
Weekend Rail Runner Service Preserved - for now
"I've done quite a few things in my day, and I know you don't need props to have fun."
I am unique and eclectic. I welcome the follow
is the only museum with a full-time paid Wikipedian. The bar has been set.
Up here come shaq.
Write us a review on Amazon, send us the link, and we'll give ya a special coupon for you or a friend's next purchase!
RT : Social media is the world we live in, it's here to stay, see it as opportunities
hurry up so you can drive down here and watch baseball with me.
is a rockstar with these autographs at the Merchandise Pavilion! Thanks, Lexi!
RT : I walk the world in wonder. — Oscar Wilde
Being able to keep the windows open during a rainstorm.
I take no chances with the workout and DL stuff to ipod - bad music just kills. Unfortunately can't DL stuff to work comp.
Thanks for the RT and your awesome presentation at #SMbootcamp4 today!
Production, design, strategy, technology. Cross functional learning, quicker design, production and implementation.
Two more chances to catch #VelocityDC today!! Are you going? Tweet your pics before the show & at intermission
u da one avoid me lol
Well, im Marc, where you from miss lady
her tweet count is a little absurd....
could b a pickpocket or he could b slipping some contra ban in there. Ask him if he wants an autograph so you can ask hos name
Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
So happy and proud!!!! :)
Thinking about home...
Sure thing! Check out crashingcars.bandcamp.com, we're coming out with an EP in mid-August. It will be posted there too!
Glad the #Bills sent to the new uniform unveiling - he's their handsomest player, union rep & co-starred in a Mary J Blige video
At ULC meeting, ICMA Carlee's message to libraries: "if your brand is a book, it might as well be a buggy whip"
This is one of the few times in journalism where both the "in context" and "out of context" statements were true.
Breakfast is so much better when you make it at home, restaurant breakfast is so overrated !
It's possible... Is there any REAL evidence?
There's a lot of excitement about the Royals in KC. Too bad they are down 7 runs in the 1st of their opener.
we should really do it like a big fam...afterwards make an an babysit
You're pathetic.
Did my good deed for the day... Been up almost 24 hrs on 4 hrs of sleep.. My bed is calling mah name
#FF ::: Need a S/O or Twitter blast? GO FOLLOW>>>
Last day of Movie Week at tomorrow. Can't believe some of the stuff our video team is producing. So amazing!
well I'm living at home for like a month :( but I'll come see you soon and we can get chipotle!
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos was kidnapped in Venezuela on Wednesday night
So i sorta kinda REALLY love <3
I feel like saying
Yall really wanna annoy me this weekend
The bad thing about working from 8 to 8 is that it means i wont get to skate at all today
Both activism and slacktivism count, I think. How hard were the logistics of the move? I've been meaning to do the same...
Hmm..time..left
I cannot even believe this. R.I.P. Whitney.
There is thought that infants secrete these “cleaning” sub's also to make pouch enviro as clean/sterile as poss
Life for me aint been no crystal stair. Its had tacks in it & splinters & boards torn up & places with no carpet on the floor-Bare(L.Hughes)
Dude was freakin' me out on the 848…handlebars, hold on to 'em!
Check us out! Thanks for all your support!!
I'm on that one
#SensitiveFolks care for everyone and if they feel like they fail, they take it out on themselves.
We are closing our Chicago campus on Monday - stay away, giggle :) Have a great weekend as well!
So Sunny outside. Come and check our Patio. Open 12am to 2am daily! Great wine and great food!
The Universal Language of Jump Rope - simple and so true
thank u
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.
natural history museums are great fit for VWs. Better than dead animals in diarama. Build bc useful, not just cool.
“: Holy UNC-Asheville Batman!” if the my #Titans can land Peyton, then #UNCAsheville can pull this off! Waiting impatiently
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there�s always a person who wouldn�t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Our Megafest shirts were a hit! Lots to get done before our next event!
thank you:)
My bus driver always got her shoes off! #Crustytoes lmfao
works and the importance of keeping it up. Time to keep fingers crossed as we wait.
Can anyone tell me who the girl is on the cover of #Danniminogue's Autobiography??? *confused louis face*
Update your whole business through software in 2012! The best way to reduce overhead permanently! 5% December discount on all projects!
let me know what you think. Probably gonna see it this weekend
I am not going to give up on getting to kik me back one of these day it will happen! :)
#ireallywant world peace
Kick some ass suns!!!!!!
West beltline a mess
Give peace a chance...
no need for MM, I'll date him!!
Way to get that extra point !
SRS3 tonight at music starts at 930ish...
i actually can not wait to see the senior prank this year ..
Tonight at 9PM ET on TV! #LongBeachPoly #4thandForever RT : don't for get to tune in for the show 4th and forever
I drove so outta my way there's an IHOP on 14th *smacks self* tequila is wearing off *hits kush*
Innocent pains from guilty pleasures..
How does the panel define an influencer?
Day 49 of 100: I am thankful for early mornings.
I was outside but nobody came out so I left
Love you guys!!!
lol, i'm at a field trip lol
Last night I made 4 lbs worth of brisket. It took 14 hours. Brisket is an intense experience.
That is a BIG FAT ZERO JOKE. NO one in their right mind will take her seriously, especially in politics. No one cares about them.
This dude was eliminated? This IS a travesty
beautiful night...
Not soon enough RT How quickly will shot clock operator be canned??
happy bday bro
Borders were on Obamas teleprompter.
It was an AMAZING day all because of YOU! See you next year!
thank you for following us, we hear your service is great!
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Rhodiola or Yohimbe
just got into Mississippi. Man I luv it here. This state bore two my fav peeps; you and !!
Tak! Represent us polish peeps from Chicago!
not at all I see ghetto white ppl in Walmart all the time n they too take my money from my check
umm birthday in 5 days! Happy birthday to me. going to eat at the mall later!! (:
I'm playin music without headphones .. Fuck this library lol
": and I can hear it thru her text..real nigga shit"y i kno wat u mean
Hey at least we know Christian Bale has brushed up on his #Pittsburghese. The writer spelled it phonetically. Haha.
if this whole startup thing doesn't work, we'll go back to our work as psychics :)
please check your text message Need that today if possible unless or can do it? Cheers! Rg
I'm live right now on my official website... Come join the chat (:
Happy National Sticky Bun Day. Damn I'm hungry!!!!
Spring Trunk Shows- Saturday, May 19- A representative from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be here.
what if you're a goalie? ;)
exactly!! And Lets Go Pacers lol
Support The Hirshberg Foundation 4 Pancreatic Cancer. Your contribution funds research to find an early detection method & ultimately a cure
If you haven't made it out to the beautiful new yet, you need to. I'll be in a great show there at 7:30 tonight.
Red head are just!!!!!!!! Something you well never find out!!!!!
Don't have that mind set.Find something you like, keep doing it, and make that your goal, and you'll find love for everything
We're lucky to have you Dan! RT : 1 year today.
im in 8th grade and like half the kids in my grade drink and have sex...like wtf is wrong with them!?!
I hate my new work uniform with an undeniable fervor.
Nice to see a new track coming to Michigan, can't wait to check it out www.33motorsportspark.com
Seriously I don't get why people have such a hard time understanding what "Equal rights for all" means. African-Americans, women,
My best friend >> Your best friend..
RocLyfe Ent. just partnered with Cure Search (national non-profit foundation whose mission is to fund and support children’s cancer research
stay away from Boyd Crowder RT : Off to Lexington, KY for a few days.
This month in 1848, the Associated Press was formed in NYC.
Working on a Thursday afternoon, watching the rain pass by and the temperature dipped back into the 50's. WTF???
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Im teasing you in my F>M>B
Right away, sir!
Well I think it somewhat depends on what you wear w/ it.
Time for that $$$ value to come down a bit following the game. RT : got the word...it's officially a #podiumgame for JaVale McGee
Ooooooohhhhhhh snap biotch! Whrn u gonna join? RT : HAVE FUN AT DERBY...
Stephen's gf looks like she could be his sister.
I know its not college but the heat #thunder game is exciting
Every week I wonder how "The Killing" is going to shit the bed. I'm never disappointed.
#worstfeeling = being called a beached whale...
I've always assumed it is crucial to show a new look periodically. Predictability can lead to failure.
OK, your mission, if you choose to accept it... Is to go to Zacky's Hotdogs and enjoy great service and food too! Yummy!!
Gm everything is everything. Making time on a monday morning
the same bay area rappers yall jocking i swear to god on my life they baby moma got my dick in they jaw #real nigga whats up
I know. Which is what makes his so shameful and...icky.
I really need to finish reading my book cz I gt another long day ahead of me 2mrw....
Thanks for sharing the quote! Would you like an ADD shirt? I'm the guy who wrotethant & I think you're why I sold 4 shirts today
farmers markets in nj flourishing
We are excited to announce a collaboration w/one of DC's finest nightlife consultants & for our launch!
Eminem just gives us all a little taste of reality. Some people need it more than others.
RT : rt BREAKING: Diabetes pill #Avandia OK to stay on market with restrictions, FDA rules
Fucking lazy ass pass man wtf
Italians dont watch football on Christmas, we watch The Godfather.
I agree with 1st person seems to be the POV of female main characters in #YA, while males in 3rd
THAT WOULD BE #1HELLOVA MIXTAPE! THE HOTTEST RNB AND RAP LADIES IN THE GAME ALL ON 1 DISC...YEA" DAT WOULD B FIRE!
a strapless long black and white dress. Paps took pics, so I'm waiting for them to appear...
Yeah, he definitely will. He'll lose all Western PA counties except Allegheny, too.
": She got an ass and class? #ShesAKeeper" *points to self*
If Monica, Karen, Roni, Zahra, & I all went to the same school it would be the best.😘❤I miss them so much 😔
Can't wait to take a nap!!!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if someone will lie.
Omg omg omg and bothh follow us!!!!!! My life is now complete ;D....mara(:
"Personal foul on world peace." -update from an NBA game my son is following online.
Only All-state put their money where their mouth is...nobody protects you like All-State :)
we give 1/2 off to non-profits. & we don't pay for printing. sorry we can't give any away right now.
they could at least do it in a way it doesn't give away their demise
Montana you mean
“: haven't seen u on tv in a while, are u doin courtside or something soon?” back on trailblazers.tv tues @ noon
ACTORS AND ACTESSES MAKE TOO MUCH. MOST ARE VERY CONSCIENSOUS BUT THE TEMPTATION IS JUST TOO GREAT TO BUY 200 MILLION DOLLAR
she's adorable!
I believe the has been around for almost two years. I used to train BJJ. Still utilize warmup drills. You compete?
looking forward to bringing a lil bit of Detroit to this summer...
Justin bieber. RT : if you can guest the artist that's in my headphones right now ill S/O , first one gets the S/O hahah. GO !
Committed to cancer support and a good food fight: J. Bartolotta (Hon. chair) and (emcee extraordinaire).
and tonight!
When they assassinated the US President then his bother a Senator & Civil Rights Activists & student protesters
u aunt said nuttin but the truth!!! We gotta find a way.
They become permanently embedded in your calluses. You stop feeling them.
Interesting, to say the least.
be there in 10....
Hm. As quotes are dropped into docs, make em a diff color. Show original words vs quoted wrd ratio.
mhmm no problem (;
Come to think of it, all of the corporate people who would check-in monthly with us at Staples did look like pigs.
Considering his group is full of sexy dancers...well..full is the wrong word...has a few sexy dancers...
Sultry S.I.N.'s galore! Come in and get the first beer on US! $10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND Beer. Kitchen open until ONE AM!
Raelene is in town! I'll make it up to everyone! I promise!
Sweet ending to limitless
okay for those of you who want to know what i really think check me out on huffpost 50+ ...under grannies on safari.
- wow, almost exactly the same stats...
shut up! Haaha jk but get a pic of him!
what you gonna do in miami? :)
if i cant help myself, i might as well help somebody else!!
when people will learn to no ask Mordac for permission before using a productive app? You'll always be pointed you to a hellish alternative.
I teared up during Buzz's speech.
is hiring like crazy. If you have mobile/consumer product experience and want to help take a pre-IPO company to the next level, please co…
what kind was he in the photo? james fucking dean!
Being bubble team means can't get school work done due to obsession whether RPI is high enough to keep season going
Do you have a Dumanis origin story coming out soon?
good luck at your game! are you playing?
yes but late. some of us have lives lol jk jk
Thx Steven - it was a wonderful bday weekend.
Prolly not as good as your gelato. :-)
OMG LOOK AT MY PRETTY NEW NAIL COLOR!
that tweet was made for us! lmao
that music videos gonna be "EPIC" bro I can't wait to truly see it!! =)
This comment would make you one of the people too afraid to laugh
“: Drop whatever you're doing, there's an adorable puppy walking this way. #MrGoodBoyfriend”
then what are you thanking me for?
[susan sontag] pear strange, the mar
haha yea man. Just take some time is all..
how do u get it? Twitter was illegal?! Y?!
Yes, hacked. I just changed my password. No junky juice for me!
Omg, me too. I need more girl friends and "girl nights."
I wish we could listen to music in my study hall..
Watch the segment about #africanorigins on CNN International's Inside Africa program this weekend!
I hate short text ..
I understand!
": actually excited that i cut myself shaving today cuz now i get to wear 1 of my new Disney Princess bandaids"How is the mustache?
made some great saved today.. They need something cuz its not that good when giggs is ur best player at his age
If Placido Polanco had played his entire career as a Brewer he'd be third on the franchise's all-time hits list, behind only Yount/Molitor.
thanks for the follow. I am following you back!
That's my plan. 5pm is an early tip but I am hoping to make it over.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 43
Going To The Mall For Just Me And Moma Fuqk Other People!
hm should we trade it for a land war in Asia?
how was it?? Btw we should face time now that I have my iPad
Is it okay to wash the martini shaker with the baby bottle brush?
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who shaped me as a mom.It takes a village!
I don't get it...why follow someone who has never tweeted...ever.
NEW SHOW announced! MARCH 9th at 12th and Porter .. opening for the Floorwalkers!
You say you never had it so good
wish you had been part of the party. You'd've loved it. A memorable occasion.
inbox me Da address
I mean, he is attractive..
This morning is at #1525NewtonStNW preparing a meal for our #homeless community members. See some1 in need? Tell them!
Forever is a long time. And i cant wait.
Never been afraid of anything. I've always stood up to anyone or anything with no fear. Im so scared now all of a sudden.
Morning Head , I NEED SME ;) Lbs
Great now the emergency room!
just woke up and i cant wait to go to bed
Hey Saam, we made a Twitter! Keep in touch.
Can't wait till I get my nephew
if you only knew that i love you.heres to everything coming down to nothing.
I love a man with a nice back...one of them sexy backs u can see all through the shirt
i'm kind of bored with twitter...
"Douche by Douchewest" #Conan - Can't believe we didn't say that a million times,
i feel my phone vibrating. when i see my phone - oh, there's no message coming in..
Ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex? I KNOW I'll die in front of porn and these Nazis will find out and tell my son.
Haven't talked to in a while lol
Just let me know
Excited to hear that!
Thats like...the WORST quote ever lol RT : Wherever you go, there you are. :D
#GIVEAWAY ends today at 3EST! Win our new poetry anthology BEAUTY IS A VERB. RT to enter.
i LOVE U SO MUCH(:
Yay!!! Got some excited news, now to prove myself
Getting excited for tomorrow! So many awesome concerts this week!
My biggest travel bag is full of dance clothes
there's an App for that! LOL
That was an awesome finale. I cant wait for it to come back now so we can find out what happened with Kono.
I i am good but not an angel i do sin but i not the devil i am pretty but i am not beautiful i have friends but i am not the peacemaker<3
~Walter Savage LandorThe only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not .
Practicing keys.
i wanna get kissed in an old telephone booth in the pouring rain .. too much to ask ?
trade tickets w someone!!
RT : RT : RT : A:General rule: The 3rd time youre answering someone, you better make sure theres a good...
Lol @ all these espn analysts changing their minds about the
CAPTAIN’S MOJO ~ captain morgan spiced rum, pureed peaches, mint, lime, soda water
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for a law firm in Washington, DC. Qualified applicants must have a Bachelor…
Anyone have an idea or theory of why we have birds falling from the sky?
I hate when it rains and it ruins your plans..
Had a meeting at UVa & bore witness to frat, NCAA & St Pat's mayhem. Plus new #CataractCamp?
thank u! My pride and joys :)))
band related.
Awww, very sweet! Good luck! RT : How about 9? That's the date I married my sweetie... :)
I'll talk to you about it tomorrow :)
That awkward moment when you have no new tweets to look at so you resort to facebook
Dude this looks so good
thank you!! I'm very excited! :)
daycares take good care of our babies also balance is hard
Happy Monday, tweeps - I hope everyone has a beautiful day. :)
And you can always come by when there's a speaker you want to hear!
I can... I'm just that good DUH
4 days and counting
The Broncos... I trust Elway and Fox.. just surprised. Still can't believe your gone Eddie...
I love new Victorious more than old♥
We don’t know what we’re capable of, until we try. You can only make it if you try.
Cuz when the judge hit you with the time, wishing wont wash it away. I'm giving you the real.
Colorado Kings up 89 to 81 with 8 mins left in the 4th. Tough shooting night for Donald Whitfield.
Maybe they had too many beers before announcing the prize!
4 seats just opened up on our 6pm Pub Crawl thru Fells tonite! Call or email us to book them up! 443.956.6455
How much plastic surgery has Courtney Cox had?! Sheesh.
Fam Tip: In a Covenant marriage in AZ, a party seeking a divorce must allege fault such as adultery, abandonment, or both parties must agree
My husband said "i think Angelina Jolie is an amazing person" i asked why he said "ah i just do" sure Paul sure
And these days all the girls is down to roll #sororitylife loll
What are the chances of you guys touring in the US?
Happy Birthday to our good friend and partner Reggie Moore of the Center for Youth Engagement! Thank you for all of ur help!
My wife would kill me. She is already annoyed that i dont let hr fast forward thru polti ads on tv.
thanks to EVERYONE who participated in coding for a cause today. It was so incredibly awesome!
Watching Hercules in english class >
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Before it got dark we drove up to the mountains to play in the snow. Many shoe-shaped snowballs were hurled.
“: what did you think of here?” very cool!
"ok we're all going to rush to the front on the count of 3. K I'll follow you. No you follow me (repeat)" - every group of girls at concerts
We've been busy revamping closets this week...look for our updated blog, coming soon.
Thanks Red. I hope so too. Hope you have a wonderful Friday as well, and a great weekend. Enjoy.
": I think this is the first time i really, really piss Zaara off! Lmao!!!!"Omg u did not!!
Apparently in Angola, "I'm gonna nap" means "Please blast terrible rap music and try to play along on the banjo."
Thoughts are with the families and firefighters in 4 Mile Canyon.
um,it's wearing a bikini to cover up its private parts.
As a journalist, Andrew Noyes got at least 1 story idea a day from activity on FB.
I think I will bring 100 army men to count with or may b toe nail clippings lol
Celtics game last night was way more fun then this hangover
Lmfao , You Mad Bros ? (;
i hear you're bring me duffins this week..
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
#Nf thanks Doc Linda for the Follow! GOD Bless😊
Thanks for the RT!
By a #quick #showofhands who is on my level right now!
Nice! So Kyle, will you be decorating our office with that lovely image? Please? : )
Seriously, three picks from Illinois in top 44 picks? Ron Zook squandered a lot of talent in Champaign, didn't he?
Q: what will be your first priority on your first day in office?
You Me but the Me 3 weeks AGO.. CATCH UP!! #ThanX#
Dr. Sulayman Clark will speak about his novel on “free persons of color” who worked in favor of abolition on April 14 at 9:30 AM.
listening to a speech/presentation at 730. Want to listen to more, but I have to get out of my car! What is it so I can listen later?
Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:)
Oh yes!!
Stop pain before it starts. Reduce the number of pillows you sleep on to diminish the strain on your neck muscles!
Welcome 2 our newest members, massage therapist Kristen Brooks Van Schelven & l/h/d insurance agents John Novi & Michael Fine!
This is the problem with the we have crazy people and geriatrics playing for us
I'm great! And you? Yes love that one! All peeps must put that in their mind and memorize it by heart! Cheers! :-)
No problem. Spotting stuff like that can be a blessing or a curse. Never know if it's helpful or annoying, but I mean well. :)
fun! We played pool, hung out. But it got real sausage fest and packed so we left at like 1.
that's a good thing. 
LOL, I've posted that to Facebook before, love it!
How is it the middle of May already?
Louis is wearing some nice underwear today in Sweden!
I think he will. But if economy continues to stall, he may not get reelected.
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose. Michel de Montaigne
Look at my sandless sandbags the best ecofriendly product in flood control and organic garden watering.No sand required.contact me lets talk
8 more days of school.
I miss my babies
have fun in beta while I watch the walking dead!!!
#why90srocked cause I was a baby and had zero responsibilities!
Just make sure it doesn't poke anyone in the crowd in the eye.
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
Its freezing balls in here!
The seniors just got kicked out of our class...
I'll be anywhere you want me to be baby. :)
Well, there goes Ron Paul's campaign....
#NP Mac Miller & Cam
Time to hit the #OreoPinata! Has anyone else tried the scrumptious birthday cake Oreos?
1. #Gambling 2. #Weddings. 3 Overpriced #Beers RT What do you think is an ULTIMATE waste of money??
Thank you!!! And you as well! :)
Slowly approach me dont stand to close to me, never beside or never behind me to many rivalz got me all paranoid cockin my metal toy
Here we go again, Tom. Now they went from tech to everyone. They won't be happy till they have it all!!
Can hear the booing behind Al
June 16 has been named "Recess at Work Day." Does anybody have plans for hanging out at the playground today?
Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh = My thought process.
what about a wacky buddy comedy with sad Bill Murray? Like a remake of "Cagney and Lacey" in drag or something?
#notfair P.S. Will miss you next week in Oklahoma City for Big 12 baseball. See you in June!
at Equity Office Going Green Earth Day event today 10am-1:30pm. Equity Office taking leadership position on recycling!
Fun night tonight Big ups to , , , , Mark Ellis and Luke Curry!
Great action on that Barca goal. 1-1 in El Clasico. Love it.
watching the explosion of KATU people on Twitter
RFT ! “: Why do all these guys go for younger girls ? Lmfao. 7th graders be baggin more niggas then me . 😒”
That has me creaming right now!!! So imma check that out. It's on 3 acres and private beach entrance in the backyard!!
My #USATODAY #KindnessChallenge goal is to help help NYC public school students learn chess and life skills.
I so wanna be in degrassi! Haha. I can play the gay boy since marco graduated and riley is scared to come out!
give ur full thoughts n opinions on him.. read tweets n replys to me from las nite, wen I tweeted it.. N wat ppls opinions
where you at ? I do hair to !
Oh shit..... We have today.
It's so lovely and green! Lush and picturesque!! TY for sharing!!
Wow... I just looked and saw at least 20 times that people had Retweeted me. I'm Honored! THANKS EVERYONE!!!
Very cool stuff from Marci Harris
ill pick some up
aww thanks girl! How've you been?
I love me
Rock and roll you #makeithappen brother
#oomf think im playin wit him bout my peep show...he betta get into it nd cum swoop me so i can watch! Lmao
At #ncsl officials say that states leaving their exchanges to the feds should be careful since we don't yet know what theyll look like
Oh, well. Get em next time. Thanks. Go get a beer after that.
that's smart! And it's speedy to me - been seriously running for 1.5 yrs & I only go that fast for 5K races & speedwork :)
Yes you must have a very smart ass. I guess some people are just blessed with a very smart ass. Guess I wasn't :(
Ugh this child is retarded the hell she savage as Fuck lol
what word?
On my way to the doctors. );
HAS SWAG
Challenging entry level position! 65wpm and flexibilty to thrive in a dynamic environment! Order processing via tele and email.Call 881-3449
Consumer Demand for Wi-Fi Enabled Digital Cameras Increasing - MarketWatch (press release)
No one worry hipster hero just entered the room long bored in hand
gtg gonna go to bed.... love you guys...
I have a samsung admire. How can I get the 3g on.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Masa Of Echo Park - American (live updates)
#replacemovienameswithbacon "Super bacon";
Yoli stores are so cute. ^_^
LOL. I'm delirious over here.
What are you doing to thank or recognize your volunteers this week?
I would also add empathy and epiphany.
Im a party pooper today -.-
he wanted to know if i wanted to go out again, bc he had a great time. how did HE have a good time? i thought the suffering was mutual?
Occupy (learn from) LOVE
#JenniferHudson nailing it!
#ala11 #ud11 what's the cost of having metadata (vocabularies for subjects and names!) from many sources that doesn't play together well?
enjoy your new kettle!
Iff people got the time to talk shit about me it's because they got nothing better else to do but talkin shit about me they love me LOL:']
In English with (:
sub ts girl here now..still working as sissi boi for now.
fuck it, get drunk
nope! Only cause you gotta share:)
My life is going great ! Happier then ever ! Think its cuz she came into my life. Not mines yet but hopefully it will happen soon <3
I am who i am and that is how it will remain!
Hey there. The students applied some great lessons from Greenville about what Chicago/Englewood might do to improve. THX!
ha!... I remember the movie FLUBBER staring Robin Williams, well I'm get the Greenish/Yellowish ones, SO I can DOING!! DOING!!. DOING!.. lol
Have you HEARD the soundtrack to The Wedding Singer??? Golden. Drew Barrymore is pretty hot too.
Aaron Rodgers says he wants 2 act on TV. Thoughts on roles? Robyn's love interest on HIMYM? How mad would that make Vikings-loving Marshall?
Hey , they have green chili at #TheCounter on sunset!! Just had it on my turkey burger!
Going to sleep! I'll be up at noon!
The wish for healing has always been half of health.-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
nothing like some good 90's music!
: Hoping our beleaguered Los Angeles commuters will b able 2 get 2 their destinations safely. Stress on the road increases danger.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.~ Theodore Isaac Rubin
thank you!
Michale Graves... Myke Hideous... Zoli from Ignite... the singer from Creed... Corky from Life Goes On... a trained lama...
RIP JoePa? What's going on at #psu?
I'm with you dude
Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you
playing with my new fascinate
what are we talking about here?
Brian Halligan, co-founder and CEO of HubSpot
Forgot #sonsofanarchy is on tonight....heck yes
=] thank you
Everytime I make a good beat in the studio I yell "Flocka". Habitual raging! Flocka!!!!!
All I got to say is GIANTS Defense!!!!!!
Monitoring the #HB927 situation in the LA State Legislature very closely. Looks to be another unwarranted attack on SUS
My trainer is the only man I trust.
#BIEBERINTHEVOICE excited about performing in !!<3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
What you do speaks louder than what you say
Sorry of the wait, did you enjoy the show? :-)
Hey thx for the follow, I'd love to show you our #cloud application platform, it seems to be a good fit for your data integration
Maybe I would when actually accomplishes something of intellectual value other than cheap political hit jobs.
2 yrs in a row we have a RHP in Finals who turned down 1st rd money in MLB draft! Is that what it takes now?!
ewwww, so not appetizing.
something smells fishy oh yeah your salcasim!!!!!!!
NO GRIND NO SHINE!!!!!!!!! WORK HARD PLAY HARD!!!!!!!!! IT GOING DOWN THIS WEEK At the King Of Diamonds
Happy New Year ;) <3
noo not yet..i'm going to italy but i will be home in like 2 weeks! and we are getting everyone to go out for it too!
that's funny ! Such a fun age ;)
Save tonight, and fight the break of dawn. Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone.
When we get around to making our "Press" page, this is going to be a pull quote. RT Box wine and episodes
: So true! I read the first ten pages last night and was hooked. I couldn't put it down!
"There it is your moment of zen" Stewart “: do u 2 work in city hall or @ a Zen Buddhist retreat?”
it's to make up for hours we didn't use over the last for years. So I agree why even use them now.
well,there is no need to say that! HAHAHA
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. - Orison Swett Marden
It's ok. Today I was turned on by the Washington Monument.
Watching Dollhouse for the 1st time. I'm disturbed that the premise is the LEAST disturbing part of the show. Its like Whedon took a holiday
When i think of of you.. I think about 17. I think about my old jeep. I think about the stars in the sky.
Gates about to drop on 450 class.#supercross speed channel
"Theme Music" by D.A.P available at Rasputin and BestBuy or online everywhere. Try www.cduniverse.com
We need more GSM carriers in the USA. If Att gets their way, there will be only 1 in the USA. Such BS... Bo!
Thanks to PT Lovern for entering your award winning beer with fresh hops from Simple Earth Hops in the recipe.
5 more minutes ^.^
Just took a piss
Hey, #Milwaukee! will be here Friday & I can't go. Who wants my tix? :( C'mon, brew city..help me out!
Now I'm just somebody that you use to blow.
RT : Congrats to for having the #1 book at barnes & noble!
Nice! More for general public, not fans from Cleveland. Solid job against C's last night for Kyrie. Def rookie of the year.
Headed to the beach with some bitch beers.
I hate how we start these quarters... Cmon dawg! Do your job!
My bff and I have been sleeping and watching movies al day. LOL
Exactly. Lot of that, in my opinion. Words r power and specially on line, make instant enemies/friends
With my boothang (:
And the winner is...........you will find out in 3 minutes!
I thought this whole growing up thing was suppose to happen after high school? Not now.
Catching up on the older episodes of Love this show!!!
send some my way
Sorry, our timing was thrown by today's changed schedule.
You're welcome sis, God bless you :)
$2.50 Tuesday! 1/4lb Beef, and Polish Beef today. Also Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, Vegan Sausage. Strawberry chocolate Brownie
Looking like I'm staying in!
Sweep Boston so we can sweep you
lol I know I love that movie
Holy generic comment about the great weather Batman!
I wonder what Amy N Amiee are doing right now.
Weird side effect to your MIRROR, MIRROR review: characterization of IMMORTALS as "gonzoid" made me want to see the film.
Ah I misundertood.... I thought you meant you were seeing a 2nd screening for yourself....hopefully its a good choice
RT This is one frustrated #sportingkc side right now.
RT : At the Meijer in Carmel for interview w/ to discuss IndyExpressBus and gas is $4.17 this AM. Ride
Our big secret revealed - Fun 4th Fireworks will move to + '11 artwork revealed. Check it out www.funfourthfestilval.org!
Walking to conv center for a #wmc panel. Heard Countdown blaring from 6 diff cars & shops so far and im only at 14th.
Another Twitter special! $5 off when you buy at least two items at supermaggie booth 3! Tell them you saw it on Twitter
"Make no mistake - Urge onward - Lessons learned - Live longer." ::constantines::our age::
I've really been excited to see it. glad you liked it and looking forward to it even more!
I found an shirt in my closet that I don't wear anymore... RT this & follow me and I'll pick a random by Monday to get it :)
I don't need a man to take me out. sometimes it just nice to go alone B-)
if you're as excited for WBC as we are hit retweet!
ICONicBoyz are gonna be on Shakr It Up September 9th !!!!!!!!!!!AH(*running around the house screaming *)
lol how was ur mothers day
Nice blog
I had my drkrm in my bathroom before, but the room was pretty big. Need room for a card table minimum, plus rm 4 u
Curtis Mayfield playing during #Scandal rocked my world thanx
Fall Frenzy Family Day is here! (and what a fall day, indeed!) Come on down for the fun! Free with admission.
Rebelution announced Florida dates with The Expendables and Passafire yesterday.
Category 4-K winner is Brian Hotter WTMJ
I watch the magic school bus every night...
RT : Shout out to one of the REALEST DJS IN THE GA #SALUTE We riding wit cha
I wanna suck you AND your dad.
Profits on the exchange are the treasures of goblins. At one time they may be carbuncle stones, then coals, then diamonds, then flint...
I just wanted to say hi. Hi!
should I click? Have you been hacked?
Some days end up better than you expect.
You do realise that you'll never get that time back don't you...
At airport w Mac West sharing SuperShuttle. Shuttle filled w #AAM2012 attendees.
has to be the toughest in the state without a doubt
Isn't that the stuff breastmilk is made of?
ridiculousness is the best show on mtv wait bevis and butthead is back lol
Im so mad that i got this job cause i have to wait till they open, nd thats at the begining of summer... Wtf type shit is that?
It's hard to win when you're playing two opponents
Get some traction first, then fold us in. Super excited!
Thanks for the follow, Shania! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
do you want me to send you the radio edit/instrumental/acapella for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me"
4:30am truly is an unholy hour.
ill give u some tips on how to do that lol
cant stand when someone asks over & over to talk to me or hang out & when i finally make time, they make other plans. ughhhfsxh so annoying.
beautiful u kno kobe the greatest
One hell of a weekend Happy to be home, but already planning the next trip back.
Im gonna tweet cheesy pick up lines to austin
What are you reading this weekend?
has been in Nashville for a year and he says "I still suck at directions"
check youtube
I would support any mahomie!
learning about productivity tools, cool stuff!
just got contacted by aliens. \mn/
So, I gave in to twitter. & Now I dont know how to use it :)
i Walked Naked Through A Townhouse Community Yesterday With A Sign That Said "i Rock Out With My Cock Out". ^_^
Study of the Day: The Kind of Pride That Leads to Prejudice
is a freakin ripoff. They'll buy a $50 book for $1.25, then sell it for half the original price. Very disappointed.
wanna come to a marlins game? its in cleveland tho !
Everybody goin to the 2012 Spring Fling Festival you have til Saturday, May 12th to buy your tickets !!! HMU ASAP !!!!
Ryan Reynolds in The X-Files... completely forgot about that.
#RedSox note from yesterday: 1B Mauro Gomez made #MLB debut as defense replacement. He is 10-year pro vet, recently spent 2yrs w/ ATL.
THANK U!
Yes or no, do you tweet? Do you find it helpful?
Someone should dedicate a twitter that tweets the bio-lines from Spam-bot twitter accounts.
hehe yep, it's been locked and i can't logged in :/ hey sist, text to my new number.. kkay? :D
Looks like the vermin leftist scum that haven't done a damn thing good for this country are coming out against Gen. Stanley McChrystal.
“: Bring the heat.” Not a problem.
Finally I had a full nights rest. Prayed before sunrise. Went back to sleep and woke with a beautiful day before me. I'm so thankful.
Thanks bro
My life is in the hands of any fool who makes me lose my temper. - Joseph Hunter
Youtube -" Shae G "
I just saw a panda bear in space.
#manningtodenver “: Mario Williams gets a six-year deal from the Buffalo Bills.”
do crappy weekends always end on time? I hope Jeff made it off the mountain with his girls. C u mañana.
Good point about student resistance to e-textbooks. It's true pubs have to do it right. DRM causes problems. 1/2
but that means a new album will come out soon!!! yeeee cant wait<3
Thanks for the kind wishes everyone!
I know. He is adorable! He is Billy and Peyton's dog :)
whats good fam, u going to ciaa/promoting any parties there. yours truely & considering stop'n thru the tar heel state!
i made three notecards yesterday and had to stop
I'm good for tonight or tomorrow night. 9ET?
there is a time in your life when u find the reason you get up every morning, im glad i found mine a while ago and im so thankful.
man I've been following you too long. I coulda called almost that whole thing.
lol.. What u doing??
happy birthday homie!
oh ...well im going to Church ....ill pray for you to have a good time... :D im such a good girl
Good Morning TYVM!
love your commentary on
RT : Do u have a clear marketing plan? Or are you just pretending to have one? Clarity is visible to those you promote yourself.
It's my duty, to please that booty!
Re post: Museums too often offer what's NOT wanted. Where do you see the best/worst match of expectations/offerings?
Me too! Can't get enough of it!
Staples has unexpectedly become a place of wonder and desire. I have no idea why, but I want ALL the office supplies.
Ice cream & movie night with my favorite boys!!! Yay
TY for the follow! :-)
Good running today for those participating in the May the wind be at your back!
Putting my ipod on shuffle and skipping songs. . .
Thanks for the shout-out!
have a great time w/ your bf- hope to see u next time I'm I'm ATl !
Wings at Flans!!!
Mizzo is my team.Former Ram on the squad.Don't want to see him end his senior year like this...But would be glad it was NSU get a tourny win
Liam Payne only has one working kidney.
It's a good idea to limit baby's exposure to people who are sick for first few months, and have all visitors wash hands before holding baby.
aw that's so romantic! good luck!
Now Wackie Jackie Z and Mrs.Wackie are giving away tickets to"The King Of Honkey"! I love them! I wish they would adopt me.
RT : In our power to think about something differently lies our greatest power to make it different.
On Twitter I find solace in being a contributor of anti-trends
Reminds me of a friend complaining about an unrealistic rifle in Muppets Treasure Island. I answered...
you don't want it..just ask RT : Dying to have a Super Smash Bros. tourney this weekend.
haha at least I'm entertaining!
Shannon Doherty is the new #EducationConnection spokesperson. Guess her life isn't so "Charmed" these days.
Life's a Bitch, Now Die for her.
#3WordsForYou America Can't Vote
dont worry, Noah is getting a BMW instead.
Without enthusiasm you are doomed to life of mediocrity, but with it you can accomplish miracles. ~ Og Mandino
Yeah, everyone who has come out so far said my house is high risk for termites and they won't treat it. It's very frustrating!
There aren't any Animation Series 1 anywhere at DTD, which leads me to believe they aren't anywhere on property.
I mean WORDS WITH FRIENDS
Omg i just seen like a ghost busters car thing. It was so cool.
Mr. Mature, do you always have to speak in order not to be understood?
im great, but staying busy in Joynes. Hopefully I'll see you during orientation 2 later this week.
I've listened yo you and downloaded some of your music. Really good! I can't wait until you come out with more
thank you for helping celebrate #foundersday your inspiring words and presentation were greatly appreciated.
just checking
Tickets for the Night of Chocolate are on sale in the Brooks Lounge! Stop by and get yours for just $8
Do I have to go to school tomorrow?? If I see his face I might punch him!! If u like me and say u want me don't go around kissing every girl
People with IPads don't call them "tablets," IPads are way classier than that. I don't know what those other things are, Ghetto I guess.
Other Desert Cities was great! Unexpected twists. Loved seeing it w/ &
yes same day as my voting registration, when I was in DC they gave me a tour of her congressional office. I love her too
Don't think I am not headed there to enter!! Miracles do happen!
it sounds about 100% more interesting than this degradation of the English language...
Thirsty? Head over to the Orange Iguana today for #happyhour! 2 for 1 drinks and 50% off select appetizers!
My twin and I out for a girls night playing some on our way to the club! Memories!!
Blah bored as hell and can't fall asleep :/
Been waiting for this al week!! Weekends....oh yeah..
You know, chillin in the road listening to country while it rains at the baseball game 
Spot On - as told by employees! RT : A2: Employer brand should embody a diverse culture with singular common purpose.
Austin friends: anyone wanna help me out and give me a ride home from the airport. In Minneapolis. It'll only take a few days.
Don't forget to head to FIU's Engineering Ctr TOMORROW for the #InternationalSpaceAppsChallenge, sponsered by MiamiShared!
They don't call it "Perfect" oatmeal for nothing. Starbucks Oatmeal>Bagel.
Yes I do.
Is anyone registering people to vote?
got get them tickets them tickkets :-)
--- SMI cannot repair the economy nor Hotel and gas prices. As far as facilities more fan friendly than any others.
If you woke up tomorrow and only had the things you thanked God for yesterday, What would you have?
Look at how she walk like a rich girl look at how she talk like a rich girl
We are starting the panel with the review of application #120011 - Arts United of Greater Fort Wayne.
mm sounds amazing! Domaine Serene Pinot Noirs are the absolute best!
The Happiest People In The World
you got me way too excited with that tag for dimitar, tell him to twitter up already
I hate this class. So much. #headache &
lol you know it
*~when Diggy comez backz to Detroit ima have to get backstage *cough* mke it Music Hall i got my connections dere :P lmao~*
perfect waffle weather!
Really good stuff, indeed!! I wish I could have made it to the concert.
Robin thicke is a beautiful man
It's Friday! Time to get
He tries I promise
Opening Day at 7pm for the . I will be there
Teaching Generation M is filled with"compelling arguments, definitions, and theories," according to the Journal of Academic Librarianship.
Toby can't do me nothing, I'm covered by the blood!
Oh.. They had to change a flat tire. That's why the plane was delayed. Not feeling safe...
Thank you so much!
J also allergic to: pea, strawberry, beans, sunflower, oat, corn, flax, safflower, egg, PN, TN, canola, beef, pork, dairy, soy, sesame, etc
I liked Nick Cannon better when he was doing 12 jobs he wasn't good at..opposed to just one...
I would run out of balls... Haha
Anything that deals with cognition, e.g. Cognitive Psych or an Ed Psych program that includes cognitive theory.
this was out first trip w/out the kids it was nice been 3 yrs even if it was to a convention
RT : Rain cleared up here at #wistatefair! Come on down!
Clean car! Now install carseat!
i love your cubs T in the march madness video on 2 big bald guys! how'd u end up a cubs fan in SD?? #GoCubs!
RT people u guys have to admit that u guys havent seen a talented kid like
And he's dragging into it RT : So much trouble for R friend Nicolas 2day...
well thank ya :)
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Home! The zoo was okk
I stayed at work till it was over. Came to kristens. Felt like it would be more safe then my house.
Never was the type to accept a handout...thats just not my steez!
I played around with Wix yesterday to do major project animation--how does it compare to iMovie?
Trivia Night - Every Tuesday starting at 8:00PM
Im blue is the best hands down
Oh, didn't recall that it was your 1st!!!! RT Commence first half marathon.
I would hope not.
Success always has four seasons. What's important is that you never stop planting seeds and expecting the harvest.
Andrea, thank you for the RT!
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the morning........
Welcome looking forward to working together some day.
I'll get off of the computer in 5 minuets..
U n jeezy need to do da remix cuzzn lol me n devon said yall sound alike
thanks for the RT!
Peoples loves to watch fights and talk about it. But when they get in a fight,they get mad when people gossip about it and give evil stares.
7pm, you in?
No. MT Be it TDAmeritrade or Schwab, the account application/transfer process via fax is archaic. Any custodian do it better?
Legends Award Artists are bringing their art in... truly speechless! Y'all are not going to believe Barbara's piece by Mary Catherine Floyd!
aye bro that dope as fuckk
Very good to hear librarians speaking up at #THATCamp AHA
Watching Tough Love !
👍I'm sure someone here on twitter would love a kitten that cute have you posted a pic yet? Want me to?
why's that?
After working my ass off it feels great just to chill and relax. Can't wait to see my best friend tomorrow night!!
I know but know you have me, Haylee and Kelsey :)
So cool! Do you present, watch videos, or something else?
lol it does, wasn't trying to
rolls eyes. Good luck organizing without the net.
hear, hear! and using white lies no matter the reason is still unacceptable in any aspect of life.
trying to write a paper on "are you saved?" can you tell me how those words affect you? i will use any perspective. thanks!
I dont need tupac on my phone but the hologram thing is what I NEED!!!
I'll give you most of my trust like a deposit, choose how to spend it wisely
Meeting with was incredible, I learned a great deal from this innovative Ed. Administrator, the NMHS faculty and students.
A show at Greene Street along with Shadows of Regret and None of the Above in the works for around the beginning of summer!
okay, I'll try my best 😃 lol
Sick as fuck! I need sleep..lord help me!
reminds me of the post linked to on hacker news a few weeks ago about mechanical turk stations for the urban poor
Why #EnduraPet? We treat our pets with as much care and devotion as we would treat our children - and we know you feel the same.
To everyone that sent us a dm about collab, work, etc: in january we will call you. Tex is locked up till then.
I love Landon Michael Castronovo with all my heart:) I love you babe💗💗
Blue Valley North IS open. I drove thru their parking lot. No flooding issues. Have fun at school kiddos.
Is ,My Dream Destination " <3
RT : “Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader?”– I don't know about you, but I didn’t learn that stuff in fifth grade.
i can say wat i want jivon! how bout yu take care of yur damn baby instead splurgin at the mall!
I prefer to be referred to as "Awesome dude with a huge endowment, if you get what I mean."
March 1999... Baseball great Joe DiMaggio dies
OMG those pictures of your nephews wedding were absolutely beautiful. Love the blending of two cultures....
It's a Distraction Free Friday! RT if you will put the mobile device aside focus on the drive.
Amen to that!
what's the biggest Rifle you own?
So I made a Frangelico Chocolate frosting yesterday & used it to top my moist chocolate cupcakes which I brushed w/Navan... #NDulge!
i love me some bowling too!
What is unique about you...and how can you brand this? Jerry Toomer
Public schools rock.
Today the editor cut a scene in post that I loved..I almost cried...it's for the best #508epic I will have a
Thanks. I'll ping my editor to see what he can do.
No nap today.. Going to the mall instead
he siad yes
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Time to get rid of this old jacket. Got more holes than a getaway car.
GIVE HER THE ACCOUNT BACK IT AINT FUNNY WHY DO YOU THAT SH*T!!!!!!!!???????
Happy Monumental Monday!!! Go to monumentalmarathon.com and use the discount code tweet for $5 off!
Swimsuit shopping :)
Still don't get why we targeted Abreu & Damon but not Vlad & Derek Lee, guess we gotta wait for a new "no lefties allowed" MLB rule
Wait, a #Reds fan calling #Brewers fans hillbillies??? Pot meet kettle.
Tfw. (That f***ing Will.)
Hey, I know a couple of those guys.
I turn 20 in a few months so I want a rock opera not just a birthday song this time around...
you already know fam. We get it in soon, I'm stationed in LA now, had to GO pro wit it ya know.
Dinner now with my parents at Houston's. Spinach and Articoke Dip :)
1st day of classes @ Lehigh. More music biz teaching. The New School starts nxt wk. More mus biz & Sibelius (luv that app). I luv teaching.
Looks like I'll be revisiting old stomping grounds soon- a pleasant surprise, and a blast from the past.
Great show the other night! Thanx to those in pine bush who came out! Hope to see u soon!
The #lunchspecial tomorrow is our attempt to channel our inner Brit... fish & chips! Only $6.50 & available for lunch & dinner.
love u:)<3 I'll always be here:)
Ok Last one! Just like yeast I'm sure you'll rise to the occasion. Oh man this is WAY more productive than writing a new sketch.
"Being sick is so fun!" - Things nobody says
thanks Tarah! Good luck with your tournament! Let me know how you and Kaitlin did.
One of the worst days in awhile. I'm about to make dinner and try to turn it around!!
Let's #GoBlackhawks let's go
Adapting to ones environment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
#BGCReunion Camilla sure as hell got mouth ... With fists to back it up . Cnt say the same for everyone else lol
LMAO!! NO YOU DON'T LOL": I want a babymomma"
true love is your soul's recognition of its counterpoint in another.
15 pages. Go.
Make sure you check-in on #SportingExplore! Let's do this!
"Birds flock, but eagles fly." ~ Solomon
“: Let me take a nap.....I need some ORBIT for this POTTY MOUTH of mine” lol
DONE! :D
But I am interested in what you found while rummaging...does it have ears, I've always been curious
Power outage delays good for Niners, by the time they play again Ben's pain killer will have worn off
Chalmers redeeming himself. Refs picking on Wade lol
Thanks for following! and we have a very common interest. Home-canned sweet&sour jalepenos are my most recent favorite!
I was gonna congratulate you in person but you disappeared! Don't you have more bands to play in!
Yeah BITCH, call me Steve-O
thank you to my new followers Legggoooo for the $$$$
": got woken up so many times this morning my poo baby"thanx to ppl textin u at the crack of dawn
Just got the iPhone 4s and I love it.
what's up!
Breaking News: Osama bin Laden is dead. President Obama will address the Nation in minutes...
When you're hitting and everybody's cheering and you go down looking and feel like you let everyone down
When I met you last night baybay!
that use of the word earns you questionable followers...and lots of them.
You can go die over for that one.
#impracticaljokers Watch this awesome show!!Come on people, if we keep the ratings up they'll be back for a second season! Tune in tonite!:D
only thing is im sure they want a first next year or atleast I would being browns are always in top ten
I would really (really) like an all orange commuter series case for iphone 4!!
Terrible shot selection for Ohio in this overtime
You know your Austin coffeeshops. Hehehe.
when you coming again?
you got it! You're going to hate me, I'm so close that I'm giddy and can't control myself!
"You are what you fail to automate" #usinno => What haven't you automated? Standardized?
But your website IS very [positive attribute]! :D
thats terrible. now i'm trying to figure out if you ever messed up my name in the past..... lets hope not. hah
Finished a delicious #sobelmans burger and now off to hear James Foley speak
Snow tomorrow or just media hype?
killed it.!!!! I was close to tears.!!!
UNLV was discussed, team can reapply and SLC can pass judgment, Campo still banned, same with Eric Jones, 2 year ban for him
Honestly what they probably meant was SEO/keyword-laden copy
GM TWEEPS "Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back'. ~Arthur Rubinstein~
My detailed outline of book #2 is due in 7 weeks and here I am online. I'll yell at you if you yell at me.
Come to think of it, every childhood movie I remember was saturated with sadness & loss!Brave Little Toaster, Edward Scissorhands, Lion King
Have fun! RT Time to hit the
Have you ever read a really long article about something really important (now its stuck in your brain as the right thing) and then find ...
surely that's all for publicity.
Thanks for giving me a heart attack...
Who sends anything besides an email anymore? I toss even the best made mail.
In the aftermath of today all that can be said on this end is GO BRONCOS!!! #SuperBowl 2012
Good Morning! I'm heading off to my other job now. Have a great day!
....might want to test it on the chimp first.
People: #YOLO Cats (including Buttercup): YOLNT -- You Only Live Nine Times
ASSA ABLOY has acquired Frameworks Manufacturing Inc, a US manufacturer of interior aluminum frames and doors.
thanks for the follow.hope you enjoy our songs.
Listening live
<~~~~ Refer to him as el diablo
#sschat I think that would be a great way to go!
I can't believe u just now adding me shame on u lol
: #studio now. focus
Not too late to buy a ticket!
Earnings Before I Tricked the Damn Auditors - they said.
Weekend was really good. Had a good day, also. Actually excited for bed.
Mystic spirituality is an invitation to be transformed by God so that we that may continually learn to love ourselves & all others.
and should really audition for #ABDC . .!
''sometimes when i'm alone I just like to cuddle'' -Fezz
wouldn't doubt it
lol yes i agree
I always need my Chapstick
"Alexander Chee's new novel is practically a Maoist fantasia"--GW Bush
All my bff's who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
#HappyMothersDay from your friends at
I miss you !!
Call it in the air.
Sitting on my bed listening to my grandma tell the story about how she and my grandpa met at 16..
I think #mla and #aha should have joint custody of you. Equitable custody, that is. Every 5th yr you go to
When girls are crying over a guy, then I see the guy. The fuck you crying for, that nigga ugly af lmao.
I'm realizing I have little desire to "work the system." I'd rather see it completely demolished and remade as something more constructive.
I KNOW OMG. They all say that a lot of makeup won't impress them,.... well I need makeup in order to look... human.
I just made a loan to a woman in the Philippines using a website called Kiva (www.kiva.org). Microlending, small steps to a better world.
#BestLeapEver espn2 is the best leap ever, world, love the channel, watching it none stop!
Yes. “: When it comes to procrastination, resistance is futile #writing”
Walked in to school and as I opened the door, an orchestra was playing!! I love school.
If you do squats while eating chips do they cancel each other out?
I was supposed to be writing, but instead I'm falling asleep on my keyboard. HATE #work. It makes me functionless.
thank you sir! No gametrackers for this game... all we have is a big east page that refreshes every 5 minutes lol
Good morning and it actually is.
Google isn't indexing your Tweets anymore - but DOES index tweets sent via our DC area content network..contact KME for more info...
This is gonna be fun
Friday was fucking great! Amazing performancein MIAMI although Idk what happen with the cops XD good job guys
hold it right there. I need to get some popcorn. Then you can continue.
I'm going to take a shower & go to sleep now. peace
she like i cant fill my legs im like bitch me neither !!
How're your Holidays going so far??? Check out some exciting event tickets by calling us now at: 888-493-0004
as I was typing that last tweet, email came in for "the most unforgettable event"
Something I missed- #RandomHouse plans to up prices March 1st to e-audiobook levels. I fear we are about to be priced out
that was the time that no one really knew the band.
Enjoying my Birthday Cake :) Yesterday was my birthday!!
Friday is a good day for to kick my ass. Ready to sweat.
Red Loft erupts as Carlson scores!
Woohoo! Happy Friday!
I do this shit for fun.
man hell yeah I do.
Thanks for the RT !
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
55 minutes past my appointment and still waiting.
Absolutely agree, every game is important for them here on out, they need to continue to figure it out and get it together
Does actually train on their products?
Finding out 30 minutes with someone new changes perspective on 7 months of wasting your time.
I was wondering if there was a chance of you someday implementing a way to disable/enable the Void fog?
Why don't most English Soul singers sing with an English accent? Singing accent: American. Speaking accent: English... ???
Just melts face all day.
Are the earbuds included/built in to the hoodie??!
Friday 5/13 at 5PM, join Bella Vite at for an E&J Gallo wine tasting! Local artists (ex: Psychodots) will also be performing
Boom roasted.
That´s why I never want to wake up, the alarm always rings at the best moment of my dream!
Just scored some cheap Van Halen tickets on Stubhub!
Damn I miss my lil man so much. Can't wait to talk to him later!!!
I love your twittering! Risky, mindful, flirty and refreshing.
shit, good enough for me
I wanna know who did a jello shot in the bathroom last night!
i made a regurgitation joke at work today. is that okay?
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Whoa Cool Thanks! But I knew that!! ;>)
Quote of the Day: Stop in this week for a refreshing Mint Shake in honor of St. Patrick's Day!!!!
:( it'll come eventually.
Just saw Beauty & the Beast in 3D. Think should cover that & all Disney tunes
On the agenda today - DC Cupcakes, shopping in Georgetown and a big NYE dinner!
When there is always that loud, annoying dad that has to "whoot" during the breaststroke events..
4 hours and 6 bags later, my closet, drawers and shoes are finally organized. Cried a little putting some items the bags:(
Thanks, Robert! RT : Follow Wednesday:
I also believe these pictures will be instrumental in showing kids where baby spacecraft come from.
Sure, but it's very short. I don't have to compel. I just have to ask court for the OSC.
"nasty good" ha ha must be doing some awesome stuff!
Thanks for following me
Ha, true, southeast part of the county, near the Alafia River... funny how some parts of FL are tropical-country-ish.
can you confirm you are hosting game 1 on Friday night?
I just got back from Key West, so I should be home everyday for the rest of my life :>
we were :( just for a hot second. we'll have to get together next time.
I hate writing bio statements.
thanks, love it too
Biggest gripe with Fallon: too g-rated, corny. Conan is best at absurd/awkward. Kimmel’s delightfully dark at times
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday & we've got lunch in mind. Would you rather eat BBQ or Country fried foods for the rest of your life?
RT : PROUD FAN of my La Lakers!!! What a second half!!!
Happy Casual Friday to the BEST Morning News Crew.
very good news - but alternatively many peoples lives have been turned upside down in the last 48 hours
i haven't seen hide or hair of my glasses in two weeks :(
Ch.10 Restitution
Goodnight Twitter.
Durant's point guard is a perrenial all star & hrden would be if he started.
no she doesn't!
