I sang you a song from friends lmao the one rachel & ross sang to emma to make her laugh
wow!! Didn't see that coming...
you'd still be back in 15 minutes! lol
Listening to Worth Believing with
Does #Facebook have the power to deliver in #mobile? What do you think?
literally just inhaled tacos, what is wrong with me oh my god
I have a thing for Italian boys
Happiness doesn't come from getting more things. It comes from finding a worthy purpose and pursuing it.
“: E-Villa was chill..good seein and !!”Thank you! see you again !
But knowing what you don't want can be just as important as knowing what you do, right?
this is a very real problem for me, tho, since I overuse both parentheses and smiley faces. :\
Toes like skipped pebbles as those first few steps are taken.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands? A man's undivided attention.
I haven't come on here in FOREVER and everything's changed. God. ._.
...how do you mistake me for a "ugly little beaner" when I'm white, not little, and not that ugly? LOL silly bitch.
with all mahh loves :))
Appreciate it, same to you fam!
Judicial activism #obama? Look yourself in the mirror and the last supreme court judge u appointed.
Cool. Just got a book from OPL to read up on runner's knowledge.
A reminder: We our doing our shows this week on tuesday & thursday so make sure you dont forget!
that Hugh Jackman sure is dreamy
The moon look so big and bright outside
unreal all the twitter people making a lot of assumptions about your life. U R strong woman! Much respect.
It's pretty good. The best for corned beef, for sure.
No Heat for me tonight.
... is a true leftie, but *glued* to the GOP primary coverage. Fascinating...
Learning great social media tips from Josh Ochs #MLtips http:medialeaders.tv
true but still in my experiences womans lies hurt worse because they are better at it..
I might be coming back to visit Seattle in August :-)
why oh why is every pair of chino/dress pant that I try on absolutely HUGE on me?
Wow Thats Dumb!
any thoughts on bloodhound? Does that get hit hard on game night?
Tom Bergeron needs to tell Florence Henderson to go home
“ I plead the fifth”< Lol.. It's cool. He can have some fun :)
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend. Paul Sweeney
#BackInElementarySchool You were the shit if you had the crayon built-in sharpener and light-up sneakers.
I am #determined never give up. Set and #Accomplish your #goals or die trying.
You guys should come to my house LOOOOOOOOL
Mention us!!
'FT will start offering top advertisers access to reader data' -- Privacy concerns, yes, but eventually this will just be how it's done
he is from jersey and thinks they will relate to him more if they are form the area and he is probably right.
keep up the good work
I'm thinking about getting a dog and naming it Lebron James just so I can curse at it.
Lord plz let me make it to the cheap gas on Tryon
Mr.Reed Can Kiss My Ass The Rest Of This School Year ! Lbs I Aint Been In His Class For Bout A Week .
Thanks for the RT, Warren! BTW, do you have any cocktail recipes that use Verjus?
first question is about telecommunications access and policy
Hell ya tomorrows my birthday
Excited to try it! Will it support the Tangent Wave? thx!
If anyone has any insider information on the Northern Illinois position I'd be excited to hear - of the 50+ apps NIU is my first choice
- Buy one of those magic speaker bullet things. Saw one in the checkout lines at over the weekend.
My mind tells my brain what to do
10 days until schools out; 37 days until One Direction concert; 61 days until I'm 16! YEAH BUDDY<3
Celebrating 3 hours for me!
"Learning is not compulsory, but neither is survival." -- W. Edwards Deming
Woke up this morning wishing yesterday was a bad dream. Dammit man. I want to ask the lord why but that would be selfish of me. R.I.P James
Focus Group, Manhattan, Friday March 23rd. Looking for iOS device owners, males 18- 30. $85 for 1 ½ hours
You can beg all you want(; lol
All I can say is wow
": Prince Fielder's 1st #Tigers at bat was "Um...like...yeah. It was cool." "I don't know man, yeah, um... yeah."
Holy cannoli! What would it be like? just joins #Twitter today and she already has over 13,000 followers!
that is super sweet! Day was pretty good...for a Monday :0)
I know what i'm doing mayne :)
Is it possible to be totally partial?
? What? Letterman?
why can't we all just get along
I was listening to Allegria by Kirsty Maccoll which leads into Us Amazonians but there are SO many! Especially in musicals...
Don't say it if you don't mean it.
omg kenny he's so cute <333333
Electric Guest and Norah Jones have my 2 favorite albums out right now... Theres a common thread there too... Danger Mouse production
not for uk football. That is our one shining moment, and it's a free poster. It's not a big deal
Sigh - change in policies - I will not be lecturing on Princess Lines until later next year. . .
I just bought a fucking house!!!
Who all went to on Saturday? We did and thought it was amazing! So well done & organized!
some guy sang me a Mariah Carey song in the sub this morning.. So apparently yes hah
The heart has its reasons that the mind knows nothing of. ~ Blaise Pascal
Or maybe not lol... I like mosley
good yea haha:)
upgraded to Papers2 when it came out and still unable to connect to Livfe. Why is this?
Game 3 in Boston #Celtics vs
Woke up to a puking 3 yr old. Gonna be a long day. At least I get to watch the news as he's out of it.
NO THEY NOT!!! lol
Damn that law And all who support it. Open season, we are now back to the 50's, no 30's
; s/o to my bestfriend. thanks for being there through everything! love you crack head willis.
I hope you all step in dog shit. :)
Follow . She'll follow you back if you ask her!!
Why am I always greeted by a bowl of unflushed shit in my bathroom at work? I swear, if I find the person, I'm feeding it to them.
or your shirt and punch yourself in the nose
👍👌☀RT : Life's good. Fuck the forecast cause everyday is sunny.
I'm smart enough not to fall for your tricks, Zuckerberg.
For the record, Wisconsin's finest citizens did not come to the Brewers game tonight. Yikes.
I didn't straight my hair today.~
What is your favorite way to spend a Sunday?
Every day I see my dreams
great site.
back in Santo Diego
Fine, let's try this thing called Twitter.
.do it then add me
Kudos to for good customer service at south #LNK store. Replaced wife's dish with no grief when it wasn't right.
Ouch my foot hurts
hmm, brilliant name.. it's like 3 dimensions of BlueLine!
Heading to the court house to try and NOT get selected for jury duty!
We're sorry to see you go! Thank you for your support of the Village Learning Place!
I better not miss this one!
Fast five >>>
I made some great veggie spaghetti last night! I used the Smart Ground veggie crumbles...
i need a sloppy joe with a dab of sugar!
This nigga said yo mama so fat, when you came out you had stretch marks ha
I see the makings of an "opinion post" or us four on a ToolBar episode. ;)
Dear Austinites. I need info on Austin Neighborhoods. Whats up and coming, what should be avoided.
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Rocket power
The Asian lady upstairs is freaking out like crazy, she be stompin on the floor and shit. I'm like calm yo titz!
i want my tour dvd to come in the mail already
maz follow me cause I love you and maybe we can be friends ;)
Never #underestimate the #power of #cute black
Supposedly the guy from the TV infomercials just died. Is this true.
I love how I tweet to follow me to help me with a master plan and he notices everyone but me...
look what's trending ;) I LOVE YOU
why are you tired? #justask RT
I'd walk across the street to speak with the Lady.
WTF is that?
I'd rather be time trialing
RT if you cant wait for the premiere of JONAS L.A., The World Tour, Camp Rock 2, and all other excited Jonas things happening this summer.
you will explain this one day....correct?
#BadChurchNames East Side Blood of God
I have been sent some emails by people who report on each other in ways that I don't know how to begin to read!
hey Thanks for the follow back. What kinda awesome music do you listen too?
We're gonna rip this mother F'er off. We're gonna tear this mother F'er down. 3 Day weekend starts tonight at
put me down for safe house too then lol
I seriously think I'm gonna run out of gas and I'm only a mile from the gas station. Shit.
you buys going to go to Rhinlander?
Excellent! I'd make a classical dubstep Pandora station, but I wouldn't get to see the high kicks.
'it's weird that chairs even exist when you aren't sitting in them'
You're cute ;)
Part of LSU's appeal is supposed to be alumni Better Than Ezra? Yikes.
thank you!!!
Will Montee stay or will he go??
It's almost time Asdfghjkl
Is it just me, or is there no "share" option for things that show up in newsfeed on Facebook Mobile?
"materialism is distinguished by its lack of imaginative power" probably the single idea i agree with
That's why I didn't go to the back cause you were there lol jk love you Torey! “ I see you 😃”
that's a plus. Though I'm guessing most things do.
#Unsigned artists who are serious about music. Why haven't we exchanged music? Let's network!
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart ~ Helen Keller
Listening to a song that had me in love with a girl in college. Ha, wonder what would have happened if she ever knew it? Hm :) Go Stevie!
Big Kickoff return | And Wildcat short passing game | Puts NU back up |
Common lookin god
Those creepy that follow you on twitter and tou have absolutely no idea who they are...
Crazy verdict!!!
why all these niggas on facebook being tagged in pictures of shoes?
Guarrantee that was the first time julien lewis has played the back of press. understand the error
damn we were hoping for a booty shot
Enjoyed "Last Night of December." It's a very good film.
I can’t really eat New England Clam Chowder
Im glad you're here for when my lunch break online shopping becomes perplexing, Twitter.
Wen u on that thick life everyone real nicee
Great finish
bcuz imma stay with my grandpa :)
you're not the only one! That's why there needs to be better information out there - so consumers aren't set up for failure.
i havn't been on here in months!!! :-)
Back from SoCal just want to say thank you for the love you show the Brohydes !!!!!!!
What if #mobile2012 breakout sessions where 75 minutes instead of 60 minutes…?
I dominate Fantasy Basketball cause I know how to find the gems on the FA wire like Nate Robinson and Charlie Villanueva
It's so weird to see Corey and topanga brake up, when you know in the end they get married.
it aint really them they pay people to upload shit on they timeline.
Seeing no difference between your skin tone and the color of the sidewalk.
I'm over SBC as a comedian, but I'm willing to give him a chance as an actor based on Hugo and Sweeney Todd
is mine. 
Just got my copy ;) RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
Can't believe I had to do that.
#evernoticed how can a girl wear gallons of makeup and put in fake hair , and wanna be a "barbie" ,but expect to find a REAL man
LOCEA is the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability
Quote: "The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." Winston Churchill
I like it when he smacks me on my ass. lol
Mr.Griffin just said "Excuse me while I kiss this guy". Yes everyone he admitted it.
Poly potluck tonight! I return to my alliterative ways after a break, by bringing pork.
Ha, I know. My friend reminded me last night at the dance that if I were married/pregnant, I probably wouldn't be at the dance!
Far too early to call anything. But 111 districts in, about 13 percent. Doorley, Randall, Brooks in lead.
dude ranch "You may think your different but this is where you belong. ". Old school all the way there is always a message.
yup.. went out to enjoy my coffee .. started yard work then looked down and saw my slippers oopps :)
- He was an ass to everyone else, because they were horrible to him. Why would he ever be nice to some of those people?
Many of our locations still have venues available for Holiday Parties, have you booked yours yet? Contact your fav location for more info.
Still not sick of call me maybe
Hand down man down
Happy Irish day! Don't care what percentage you are. 5%, 25% or 200%. Have a brew with some buds and feel lucky.
You got it. Relationships should serve each person. Allow both to explore themselves deeper and love deeper.
fair enough. One free week off is always a winner.
Celebrate responsibly tonight and ring the New Year in right! Make 2012 the year you schedule an eye exam!
Thanks for the #FF! How have you fared on your latest adventure?
#20factsaboutme 11. I use to live in the country
Trying 2 educate atheists & humanists that believers R victims also. Psychopaths created religion 4 the benefit of psychopaths.
June 22nd Im going to the LMFAO concert at the A in Miami!! Damn Straight!! Quote Tha Prodigy...Nuff Said!!!
Make your emergency supplies a priority. There could come a day when its all that matters. Could be quite a wake up call...have yours early
#SHOULDERSHINE and the
Hey help us get to 200 followers? Tell your friends!
RT : AFS volunteers say thank you to supportive schools and teachers!
Idea: Use your Pinterest board so as to make Cayce Pollard projectile vomit
Excited for A B & The Sea / Tommy & The High Pilots / Yellow Red Sparks TONIGHT! First 200 get a FREE copy of A B & the Sea's new CD!
Just checked new BIW user stats. Between January and June '11 we've added 10,651 unique new users at an average of 410 per week.
So exciting! You're gonna do awesome, Krissy. :)
Thanks for checking in last week, Cody! Have you found a great new apartment yet? :)
I think the original has more levels.
Women think that some men are monsters. Too bad monsters are created, not born. Think before you act ladies.
"If you eat well, you must speak well.". - African Proverb
Roses are red, violets are blue, I wanna jam my penis inside you.
And to top things off, today I figured out how to use my new printer for the first time!
Recently discovered you guys and am in love. Keep the great music coming! Love Colder Weather...
when was that cool? Haha
RT : Your face is racist
#GardenofBones just started and I'm already worried the hour will end too soon!
Happy Mother's Day, I love you momma<3 Your the best!
I just finished doing Coast To Coast AM with George Noory! It was an absolute blast! Thanks George and I can't wait to visit you again!
they are a perimeter team. When the shots don't fall they can lose to anyone
Been listening to punk rock all day. I feel like a arrogant 14 year old with stupid hair all over again.
Carl Jung warned about the danger of "one-sidedness." How true for #leaders in organizations and in their personal lives as well!
30 Rock was amazing tonight. It should be 9pm Community 9:30 30 Rock on Thurs. NBC wake up!
#dorm The Dorm Room Diner
I can't wait, but I'm not ready.
Wearing wedges in protest of this non-summer weather. Like carrying an umbrella to prevent rain, the sandals will bring sun and warmth.
why you there Zach?
The Hulk always wears the same pants. Grungy.
First thing ima do when I touchdown in LA, Marry Lol
If you're in Frankfurt, Germany, make sure to stop by to see lots of new music gear. Come say hi to us at booth 3.0 E80
So what do u think of Wallace wanting a better contract than you have? I'm a Steeler fan and I think he is kidding himself!
Making new music babies!
un placer!
OK, "Hunger Games" parents, how'd it work out with the kids? Nightmares? Just a dandy time at the movies?
(Guys) Really dont understand what they do to us... Fuckin done with (Them)!
weirdest dream ever
i love this so much listen to my new cd my parents got me the one thing cd of 1direction aaaahhhhh i lovve it so much <3333333
I know samee, I only see you in 9th period, but how was life after Rachel and I left you?;)
your tweets are quite vulgar today..
not James cause you left him
You are invited to enter the TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
well ya... u can obv go on for days with that trend
You Deserve it Kay
still full!!
Memphis Meltdown
Working on memo regarding Mayor's Infrastructure Trust as #Bruins head into OT w the #Capitals in #NHLPlayoffs tied 3-3! Go Bruins.
Oh you mean the show Goosebumps! I thought u were watching a horror movie that was giving u goosebumps! Never mind. Lol
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
I got one of those too
looking at resumes. one person uses the term "Professional Preparation" instead of "Education". I like that.
I watched you ride right past be going north as I walked to work today
Long time since a "sweep it up asshole" chant huh?
In other news, I'm mucho looking forward to #TxLA12 tomorrow. Who am I hugging in the exhibit hall? I'm taking numbers.
Aaron Rodgers MVP. How many duper bowl mvps did favre win? Answer 0.
Stop in tonight between 5pm and 830 pm and mention this tweet and we will give you 50% off your drink:) Yep, we make it just that easy
let us know when its finished.. love to check it out
#dcmi2009 Emma Tonkin on user-centered design of metadata
Happy #OpeningDay fans!
just realized today is Terry Gilliam's Birthday. Happy Birthday wish to one of the greatest geniuses in film history
and HEAT can't win championship!
At Orange Glen high, Point Loma is up on the Patriots 7-0 late in the first quarter
Julius Caesar is the most boring book ever!
May sprinkle contents on unheated applesauce. Swallow mixture immediately without chewing.-instructions for Omeprazole
Looking for new shades to bring in the new year??? www.windowfashionsnm.com has all of your home or office shades you need! Visit us today!
u wanna b my wife huh
Team Kortovich will spot you 15 points and the best NYC cheeseburger vs in a 3-point shootout. Chelsea Piers, lets do it
Hi. Thanks! Can you please DM me your email or phone so we can schedule a convo?
Wow what an ending to a great season of #Smash ! Cant wait to see what comes next season!
Wats goody friend!
Or reverse it, to put his last initial first (ZG) RT please stop shortening to GZ or George Z. thx
Thanks just saw that myself, deleted it. Changing pwrd next. Thanks for letting me know. Sorry everyone who r'cd DM from me NOTMINE
Tuesday's are always so bolss. Yes, I said bolss. It's boss with an L. Get used to it.
I'm pretty sure almost positive that I'm too insecure for a relationship.
RT : How to be followed by me ? 1) Retweet this 2) Follow 3) tweet me
In your face ! #Jordan Hulls
No, Memphis Music Monday isn't this Monday, but it is next Monday April 16! Free great, live music and appetizers!
Providing services that are consistent with students' experiences in the world outside of academia.
juss work music and being a daddy lol
When I beat the pussy up she tell me that she love me
Tickets for our show with Mariana's Trench and The Audition are on sale now!
Enjoy the popcorn!
strafe swat - hold L2 and L1 at the same time
paring or butter?
She got swagg lol RT : The ugliest girl on my tl gets the most attention..... Why o_o
i don't get the points of bully-buttons .....
I really enjoyed and learned a lot via your tweets. Have a good night.
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k. Maybe no bail at all.
Super busy and productive day! But is it 5:00pm yet? Because #mymomsintown !
Thanks for the follow - hope you had fun on the Bus...love that initiative!
I can't wait for the premiere..
Gonna have some #drupal fun at #nagw2011!
sorry to creep guys, really sorry... I just saw it on the newsfeed... Just setting the record straight.....
Yessir! ": dope shit. ya'll over at tonic tonight right?"
packing blows but every time I see my asshole neighbors, I go pack another box.
iJever just want attention, just ignore him!! Hes a hater
Gettn on my bbyfavas nerves tonight lol don hve no one else to bug tonight lol
hello:D
baha too funny
2am and I'm up watching the Cards. Off to bed. Pray the 2d half is better than the 1st. I'll see in the morning.
have you recently been ill to where you could have died for a minute? If so you might want to call Ed and have a chat.
Damn getting caught up
YSL race at Copper today!
Happy Birthday, #AlexChilton! Thank you, friend.
SB107 Reality: Rental rates subject to change without notice. Deposits may fluctuate based on credit, rental history, income, and other ...
: true facts!
probably just depends on your definition of obese and what's considered over weight. 50 lbs over is obese, but over what weight?
Two days after Christmas break and already thinking about summer
Thanks 4 the follow, I've been enjoying your previous tweets.
yea it was a sad year... but luckily we are going back to two orchestras next year
"go to school to eat them stake and taters, go and chunk a duce to my boy Mr.Baker" -
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms in the world... Especially mine :)
You click this nyc.thedelimagazine.com vote for SPACECAMP, we get free cool stuff, you get to be the reason! U LUV US WE LUV U!
Made it to TX safe & sound! Job hunting, house hunting, melting in the triple digit Austin heat. Bleh! #ItsHOT!
That awkward moment when you freak out because you can't find your phone and you're on it...that's what I get for being sassy to the cashier
": Happy mothers day to all the moms and everyone who plays the role of one"
why u did not come over here we got some girls and we got the fight
Them's some fancy tables!
finished working w/ Special Olympics players ... had Team Shoot around while the parents had their own workshop .. next up: #hsaaaclassic !!
Ok. Are we the only ones to see that the Hard Rock Casino Guitars cover the 30 foot screens at Isleta?
By love you mean doesn't miss at all right??
All i want is Mary Mary Mary i aint fuckinn wit no otherr drug~
Imma get the power ranger helmet design on each nail !
Very cruel. There's nothing you can do except be there. RT : sorry to hear about that. Cancer is cruel.
Have a glass of wine & contemplate the ways we are connected to the ancient Romans --it's Arts & Humanities Month, so celebrate!
U/D Pulaski - 53YOM gsw to leg, medics taking to area trauma center in serious but stable cond
nah at butterfly bar on manor
any news from the presentation last week?
then how will it be?
Wanted Houston (thought it would be easier for Pats) but Arian Foster is a beast!
my favorite is "don't you dare call me crazy!!"
Hello Suze I watch you on QVC often, the Women Empowering Women sounds to be very interesting. Do a great job!
tapa the world?
7 fouls to 1? Heat leading in that category.
Seems to be a disconnect there.
I take it you didn't enjoy the Dunkin' Donuts Artisan bagels?
Gotta try the chicken flatbread RT : in the drive thru 4 Taco Sunday! Lol! I'll work it off in the gym 2mor!
click the little box next to the follow button.
Coming to VIVA MEXICO? Enjoy food, drink, music, dance and costumes of Mexico. Explore art and culture in four museums. See mingei.org.
You need to stop twitter stalking.
there shall never be a per-day limit on the best snack food in the entire universe
Recently attended a free Job hunting webinar courtesy of ALA's LLAMA.
I think snobbery is my new #1 top peeve. Here's hoping that helps me drive it out of all areas of my life.
I'm thinking about going off the rails... on purpose...
You got my vote.
Bitches too clingy.
Cannot believe my prom group fell apart just like that
#OnlyInSanFrancisco do you walk into Salvation Army and they are playing a album.
So true! RT : "Students can be successful if you give them opportunities to be successful." Arne Duncan #Momcon2012”
45 years ago OBAMA was still EATING DOGS, FRYING his BRAINS on DRUGS, and PUSHING girls a few years later...
Get $10 off a $40 meal at the Prado restaurant when you bring in your receipt from the #Titanic Exhibition April 9-15!...
Graduating from culinary school on March 7th. Best 6 months ever at the Institute of Culinary Education!!!!
Almost back to alaska
I have a terrible feeling this might be a game of bad ref calls.
Will be quite odd not seeing Pat Summitt on the Tennessee women's basketball sidelines next season. Sending her good thoughts.
lets have our sleepovers again <3.
Drink more
Like the world's greatest couch, Our Hero is always comfortable.
RT : "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. " ~Einstein
Currently talking to Peixoto's agent, asking the tough questions. All for you
Q3 Closed stacks may be old school, but they work for our library and collections
MT : #Fundraising events can get new donors in the door, but you have engage them to keep them coming back.
Fuck bitches get money.
Nobody is perfect so you hating isn't worth it
the nfl has actually convinced you that the draft is exciting television.
Its 945 and all i can think of is sad things. Make it stop.
If she wasnt special ed, I would of beat the shit outta her !
why are you quoting things from like back in myspace.. RT : Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
lol. Whatchu know about the Oak Cliff??
How many entries today? I am trying to gauge how early I need to arrive tomorrow. Thanks.
i hope you mean #howtopleaseahoodrat bc i can think of nothing more me than that!
American Family lays off 87, Hostess to lay off 184. Forward?
Hi Barry great stuff! let me know if you want to talk SB!
'fraid I can't, little miss. I'm picking the next one! ;-)
Thanks Ben!
RT : yes i know these cleats are wornout & there is a hole starting to form. but how can i give them up? they're like my kids
hahaha I know im sitting on a plane hearing them argue
The latest on the tricky weather situation on the CBS 58 News at Noon.
Man I dont like watching depressing ass shit when Im high.
So true. LOL
yeah! Let's do it! Tomorrow works for me ha
I imagine that woman thought: "Sorry to fall on you but if I didn't stand here & not hold on to this bar I'd never make it out at my stop!"
Sorry to everyone who isn't laughing their asses off at my fucking picture hack. Screw you whoever passed that bullshit.
Congrats for being selected into Governors School
ey I sent you a text
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead (;
I hope OKC beats the lakers just so I can rub it in Anthony's face & piss him off.
#raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
lol I answered u this time. 
Waiting in line to become roughly a half billionaire
Mildenhall: Three teenagers arrested following BB guns scare - East Anglian Daily Times
Accustom yourself continually to make acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul. ~ St. Teresa of Avila
no kidding! How do you do stand by?! It's reprehensible. "I should have done more" um, YEAH. and maybe saved other kids from that
Not at all. Lee's birthday too. No idea how it still exists either. Much less as paid holidays for state workers
stop it. stop it now.
come to Houston!!
Day 2 Film Producing conference
You had me @ $2 in Boston:) This is how we do it @ the Shamrock...$2 bud light bottles, Red Sox, Dj, &
Hey nerds: Is the blue man group a bunch of rubbish Dr. Manhattans?
Maybe one day they'll let you pump your own gas in Jersey, that may help with the lines :-)
I find it okay to question things.
#lasttimetheheatwon.."Lil Kim was still relevant"
Never heard of it. I'd say Kentucky Gentleman or Heaven Hill is the worst I had.
1 trains are killing me today
Made it to Nebraska! Kickin it tonight with , , , and
Ohh *wipes forehead* lmfao I was about to say o.o
way to be productive! I played golf with dad and took a nap! Why was conference awesome?
#librarians, is it better to slow down/take a break from grad school to get more experience in libs or just go ahead and graduate asap?
That's for sure! RT : Easter: top 2 holiday in candy sales and embarrassing outfits :) #photoalbums. Have a Good Friday.
just uploaded this app on my computer.
Come get our Featured Gas Grill @ our Maple Road location or order it online!
Shelf Stiffener is used to reinforce a standard shelf in the longitudinal direction when increased shelf load capacity is required.
#CIO Quote of the Day from Brent Stacey: at Idaho Natl Lab "Management is a career; leadership is a calling. "
I sent some nice flowers with choccies :) Her Birthday is in a few weeks too... totally spoiled mum!
not in hadoop but hive and hbase are going somewhat in that direction
Yup, had to put the air conditioner on today!
thanks for the mention:) Have a good Monday.
When considering a Mother's Day dinner for yo mamma, remember - she'll appreciate the coq au vin. Trust me on this one.
Early Friday. Heading to Bay City tomorrow night so I can ride up with family. Sad to be missing The Avengers :(
uh huh,, u was on da other line with some Nigga
why is there someone in their 70s in my History class? All of her coughing is very concerning. Please don't die in class.
Think like a man.
Got a cool, new video to show in a bit. It's rendering presently, and then I need to upload it to youtube. Stay tuned.
Ranting an getting ready to head out or just ranting?
And now pigs are here
how can you be hungry and have to poop at the same time???
lol.. Bro you can meet somewhere though and I got u.
right.lol. 2 years ago +,but I could never forget it!
I'm just a stick figure with a happy face attached
There is no excuse for being out in public in curlers, but most especially not when one is shopping . WTF?
Hail video from Nebraska earlier tonight is wild, looks like an inch of snow on the ground
Lasley settles down after a rough start and orchestrates a 1-2-3 inning of his own for St. Xavier. Trinity still ahead 3-0 after 2 innings.
Woke Up Late -.-
“: Do something every single day that scares you.” seriously love this quote
Aaagh my favorite bar for avoiding Superbowl is having a Superbowl party. Why #Burnhearts why??
well played, but everyone knows what he's there for, energy and good d. If you watched the games you could see the imporvement on O
Thanks for the list love!! :)
boring saturday.
steve bergen is here! 33 hours...
So great!!
I had that last Thursday at It was fantastic. Perfect summer beer.
So greatful to live in San Antonio and its crazy but lovely weather.
OMG!! We had pervs. at my soccer game looking at our asses and they were 19 or 20 and we are 13-14!!!
black bean soup w chorizo is very healthy without the sour cream high in fiber, high in C & iron, low in calories!
We're talking about the BBC series and not the movies, right? If so, it's worth it.
In west Philadelphia, born and raised! On the playground, is where I spend most of days! take it away Niall! ;D ~~
sorry you had a long day i would have done whatever it took to get you out of the elevator
He does & it's creepy! “: I gotta say this guy from the Queen Extravaganza REALLY sounds like Freddie Mercury...”
Has there ever been a week worse than this in #Mariner history?
Powernap while diablo 3 installs and gotta wait til 3 for servers to come on
RT : They're making Twilight: the Musical. Now we finally understand why the Mayans booked us for 2012.
Through July 17th mention coupon code "5forJuly" receive an additional 5% off our already low prices on solid prefinished hardwood flooring!
sorry for the site tonight w got home late. My sons first tball game
I'll take Hopslam. Although I haven't had Hopzilla before.
Im not n asshole, i jus DON'T GIVE A FUK ALOT
Learn to seek Gods face and not his hand because when u learn to seek Gods face his hand will always be open
Yes, yes, yes .. I know ... Forgive me my Tweeps -- for I have failed to tweet for a while! I'm just taking it easy! :) No worries! xo
We're talking with Watergate-era White House counsel John Dean.
Some people drive like they wanna die...
I think I'm going to make an RC float, and dipped strawberries. (: Oh, this sounds good.
I LOVE MY LIFE!!!!!! #Balthazar #terrorpigeon check back for updates!!!!
#iLoveWhenYou say u love me.
shhhhhhhhhhhhh. Don't tell nobody!
will def check out your blog. Looking forward! F.
. This is why I still think there is viable stuff in a literature circle approach. If teacher's in loop.
Sore throat and frustration. Well, these are new to me.
Ohh hey sexy college boy in my living room with a broken knee.
Boys you have no idea how much better you can make a girls day by just talking to her.<3
oh, you lucky son of a gun; ) i'm being a total wimp about this, but ugh! just don't wanna do it.
If I had a gun.... Well let's just be glad I don't have a gun...
Last real sale was January. After 9 months, I just have to admit that no one is buying.
Please follow us Holocaust & Intolerance Museum of NM combats hate & intolerance & promotes understanding through education
Thanks for the follow Louis!
dark man. super dark.
Does that just mean you bought an extra case of high life?
We're ready. Not sure what for yet, but we're ready.
They planned to meet at the theater then move to painting. I'll check & share an update next wk.
You should keep any documents that have an impact on your tax return for three years.
cool! Tees run $10 a pop
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs****
Heard a few good responses. Pitt and Mizzou seem like good fits. After recent battles, I'd like to see #Badgers vs. K-State regularly
I wish you every desire you have ever wanted; and most of all I wish today is the happiest day of your life.
I'm too lazy to search for beer, so it's iced tea for now. Any of your non-creepy listeners can deliver me beer though.
If anyone knows where I can get some cheapish dublin boots in size 5 then let me know:) x
any updates on when the Web Books are available?
Class act Panther fans throwing shit on the ice
Welcome to Chicago Expo! #SSE12 While you're here, enjoy a Segway tour of our city! With show pass $10 off! 312-552-5100
Why yes, We shall dine in the finest of grills this afternoon, the Thai Grill on Granville. I hope to impress thee, Lady De.
aw you have a sad face or ying yang in your username yOURE SO FUCKING ORIGINAL IT HURTS
Love the song Million Bucks of the
One of Boston's best days of the year today with the #marathon and #redsox! I loved running as a #bandit in '99. Stay hydrated runners!
Goodnight Makyla :D
4 kids, 400 miles. Great weekend camping, but time for rest
When your tummy's feeling funny and your ass is hot n' runny.
It's called pulling a "Harvick"!
cool. I was born in La Ceiba, Honduras
yup, they sound great but no one up here has ever heard of them.
about to dj this birthday party!!!!
Cleaning closets today... Who knew women could own so many shoes and WBA-sized title belts?
Try "You Are Everything" by The Stylistics, or "Voyage To Atlantis" by The Isley Brothers. Classic R&B.
AHAHAHA I know! so um I saw you when I was leaving the rec center, we were the car with What Makes You Beautiful blaring....
Loyola/Fairfield has been 47-44 forever now with 7 seconds to go. No overtime please!!!
BWW went from 45 cent wings to 50 cent 
EVERY word you hear or speak every day is either giving life or bringing death.
please follow mee:D
Thanks! That'd certainly make me walk a little taller. How's training going?
My new volunteer has more talent and experience in his thumb than I ever will. Here's to being a great recruiter...?
Life's just one big awkward moment.
Oh really bitch? Thought you weren't hungry. lololol.
i how you'll get better jason <3 <3
The fact that it's 2012 and not every politician has jumped on the "equal marriage for all bandwagon" is why I stay away from politics.
You know you're busy when you haven't looked for 3 days...
where do you think tomorrow ranks in biggest games of bo ryans Wisconsin tenure? Top 5?
enjoyed our conversation today about and Did I miss anyone? Ok 1 more
Boardwalk Empire is so good. I can't wait for the new season. Also, I'm trying to figure out wtf is going on in True Blood.
for sure u are! welcome! xx
"I feel like I look so cute in the water!" I am in love with your show!!
Find it hilarious if your means to tweeting is your mobile device that doesn't work but you.manage to still tweet
#thank you agree completely
yessir here now call me
I hate lound talkers!
Miss my #better half.....
You could potentially escalate it from there if need be!
I love kids tho , and when I have my own kids I'm going to be the best mom EVER !
Apparently Tom Brady is the TRUE choosen one.
Really wish people could just take things for what they are and not read into things!
What a great group! So excited
up now team
Four hours of menstrual nausea. Fun.
girl: Hey, I got some super good news. me: Is it about One Direction? girl: No. me: Than get out my face, Loser!
ice cold.
I use to beat it up while she dance to the tune
Pride, commitment, teamwork--words we use to get you to work for free.
thank you bro! (:
I'm not givig you a bj, but meh nothing really...you princess? if nothing and u want a girl drinking partner I'm done
TGIH -- Thank the Gods and Goddesses I'm Heathen! (On Friday and every day!)
I think it would be a good match up... Neither team gets all the calls
I'm liking the Spotify thingy.....:-) making a half bad day...better!
who is this ? hilarious.
He told me he was real bt i neva thought he was...lol...
Oh, the Places You'll Hear About!
Happy Birthday
Not MY dog. #barkstoomuch // Take Your Dog To The Office And Stress Less
thanks for the great event; met so many interesting entrepreneurs!
My biggest problem is that I believe almost everything I tell myself
friends, I DIDNT HAVE A DATE & it's okay lol
Apparently I'm not the first! Yes, that's what she said!
You guys were rad tonight. CA love!
oh my god
Been on the roof.
#SaySomethin is an awesome song I love it (: <3
-___- you know before the ;*
Good morning, Baltimore!
This game is fucking insane. Seeing Crosby mouth "pussy" on camera....my clothes are off.
cheap at what cost? their model is a bait and switch. only looks cheap. with the add ons they cost same as the major carriers.
Big inning
Its a sunday no cussing needed lol as madea wuld say
Having great catch up convos! Gonna miss being around club room ;(
Vote for for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love to win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
she so perfect for you, why wouldnt you have feelings for her?
Have 5 more hours in the airport. Cool. And only one free hour of wifi. Someone just shoot me now please.
RT : Scripture of comfort:: I sought the Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears -Psalm 34:4
Wrong. Exactly the opposite.
To move out of lothrop or stay...
Unfortunately, my allergies have become so outrageous that I left the actual painting of the tree to my sister. Hopefully it'll turn out.
Do you really need to ask? If not blackout level then at least offend the hostess level.
really does
Learn how to search for registered #trademarks using the Trademark Electronic Search System today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Yay! Just realized, im finally at 300! I really hope it goes up, not down. (':
on the way to #drupalcon with as part of the Promet Gold sponsor team
Hey Boston fans... Feeling #cockyandbitter on mothers day? Eat a cheesesteak!
It seems that pimpnosis and hip-hop culture is an influence...what draws you to rap culture as a medium?
I miss Frank the Pepperoni Cannoli Guy. Brady ain't the same without him.
Shit...I just referred to Chicago as home......I don't know how I feel about that.....
Oh, Wady. RT In the criminal justice system, a dirty anus is considered especially heinous.
That sums it up right there...you live by the three...and die by it....
Yep! Follow EPL and La Liga. Season ticket holder to MLS Sounders FC here in Seattle....
Trees that have been planted within the last three years need to be watered three times a week. Old trees can be 2X month
confused bout what? i mean i don't need nudes. I mean having a friend to talk to is good. u having man issues or friend issues?
If i played runescape id be like bong making lvl82
Good Day Mates!
and massage cuz my back and my inner legs are hurtting lol
Barrier 1 to faculty engagement - I don't have time.
love the socks.
Newt is proud of expanding govt. Mitt hearts regulations. They are both proud of paying taxes. This is a Republican debate?!
Common sense is not so common. Voltaire
The bible is not responsible for any atrocities. People are responsible. The Bible is a message of Gods love thru Jesus Christ.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $12 Lg Pizzas any toppings..WOW! 414-762-8866
Ha. Pretty good.
hello Marina(:
Victory sent The Bunny The Bear for me to preview, proving once & for all that Brummel believes there is no such thing as bad publicity
The anger and emotion was missing in the Glee version
I have been twenty for a whole month.... what?!
Just watched a live taping of
we have changed the policy of our online program. for those brands already locked in with us all will remain the same.
Mastering Pinterest (so much fun) at AuthorU
Black Keys enter to Wu Tang Clan. Quality.
The people with "how may I help you" buttons r ready to assist! Don't forget buses stop running at 5:30 & start again at 9:30
Happy New Year! wishing you all a healthy and prosperous 2011......planned the work, now working the plan!
Okay okay, I am glad I always have you. <3 btdubs, it's green.
Walked creepily close to some very well dressed business men just to hear them continue to speak in their beautiful British accents
It's just that UGLY part of ME .....
Just downloaded the free tracks off your site. Really great stuff, guys. Look forward to hearing more.
I'm coming to cascade with my truck covered in sticky notes !
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
is my mom pregnant again???? oh no!!!
Our usual dough is vegan, but the gluten free has eggs. Our soy cheese has casein, but right now we have a limited time vegan opt.
Time for some Monday Trivia!!! How many roses do you think went into to making the World's Largest Bouquet?
I guess we are also at peak Cameron. We are definitely in the late Scott period, Prometheus' potential badassness aside.
Sure, let's sidebar this conversation for later.
Welcome to SD, hope you brought a coat!!
hey ;) tweet me im really bord
happy easter.
babe if you wanna talk you start it off cuz im not going to give u the time u don't deserve
ond of them is for NYU's web privacy tech incubator, PRGLab - tell all your hacker friends about it!
Vols Needed @ Bar-Code, Das Ethiopian, Mourayo & Tonic @ Quigley's. On 4/26 raise funds & have fun. Can u help?
I think Bronson Pinchot should be cast as Abed's father on
The way Austin's voice goes high in #SaySomethin. Sex.
Finding it soo hard to wait to find out about this job. Kinda like a kid on Christmas- that's how much I'd LOVE to get it!!
I'm a fan of the Palace Cafe. Nice and close to the hotel. Great food.
Such a shame someone had to murder selena.. she was Freaking awesome
#IKnowThisOneGirl whos a major fag and has no friends<3
Need to be on the beach already! #onemoreweek<3
I have the worst luck ever....I missed them when they came in the Summer and now that they have a billion fans here I can't even see them
Danny Granger and Paul George getting they asses locked up...........
I would totally go but I'll be in Vegas.
What's up Tony?
What happened?
“Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.”― Thich Nhat Hanh
Yes Bitches, Miley owns 2012 :)
Is it just me or is always hungry?
I feel like the only person severely underwhelmed by it.
Just shook hands with in Dupont Circle. This Friday is looking good.
her jet blue flight from Boston was supposed to land @ 7ish last night. Around 6:30 they were told they were going to LB.
where to? How was ryan's party?
haha I'd say the heat are the golden team.
Always a blast getting together with other curious, innovative journalists. Madison is rich with thoughtful pros!
went good! Decent weather and a lot of heart being shown. Some young guns stepping up.
It was great meeting yesterday! We are so excited you love LetsListen! Thank you so much for the support.
#familyalways will be here for you dad
going to SD this weekend to see my family!
Haha RT : shoulda punched that news guy in the eye.... Haha he was being a bully himself
the song is playing now=]
Couldn't make it until two, or noon on Thurs.
FSMB’s new policy favors the use of opioids for long-term pain management, despite an epidemic of painkiller abuse and addiction.
At the vet with my dog who just had a seizure...he's too fat.
Matt, i think the new iPad does not offer enough to compel me to leave my iPad2. Photo and graphics people will enjoy it.
thank you :)
Spent a couple of days with the on the bus tour this weekend. Great crowds!!! Nov. 8 should be a good day
I don't gunplay cuz I don't play wit.gunz trynna find out where I stay bitch I stay wit gunz ! I'm on my Waka shit love them gun sounds!
Why are we awake?!
What You Want..In My Pants xD
I like that! RT Heard this at a recent TEDx event "cover bands don't change the world" so be passionate, unique, original
hey rob! thanks for reading. do you go back and visit la often?
Nbd. My Geometry teacher just did the worm in our classroom...
Mind sex??
85 degrees here in Chicago.
LET'S FIGHT!
it all cancels out though. i get my smiles from a reliable source.
take it easy on the jello shots
Hardware. We work on a right budget so I have to fiddle a lot to make up for the equipment we have.
has a girl friend and I believe does as well but I would just die in an exploding fire if did
thanks for the follow, i love traveling too!
I was going to wear my jeans today, but then I realized that my belt was already on my khakis from yesterday. So much for becoming a doctor.
I have a new favorite show! #PrisonBreak is amazing! Can't stop watching it!
- Bcuz some of those songs, your vocals are waaaayyy too loud... u will have a hard time getting ppl to listen 2 it..
I knew I was missing something <3
haha they know that I'm a funny guy.
Awful night in #NY sports..
Stuck by the longest train ever. Grrrr
that song is stupd
A great part about corporate work is getting business advice from some of the best during their keynote presentations!
Haha swag! RT : I would totally rock world baby
Who wants a S/O?
i dont even know how to work this stupid shit tweetings fucking stupid as hel might as well just fucking txt
S/O to for letting me know what fake kicks are. Crazy to think that I'm 225 pairs deep and he just taught me the difference.
another printout pickup.
Im very sexually frustrated rite now >_<
Awesome day in #Chicago! How 'bout some blueberry or raspberry fro yo? They'll make you think of spring-promise:)
WHAT IS IT??? Nothing is that cute! IS THAT YOURS??? My voice in my head sounds totally like a Katie Pengra bit right now! e!
Loved #Awake too. Hope busy Jason Isaacs will still do Season 2 of
Springbreak went by way to fast. Back to school tomorrow...sadly.
The creative challenges will be greater than most people ever get to see in a lifetime
Ass shots
Tell your wife she should have taken Closing Time! Tweet us your worst #hangover story for a chance to win a free sample ;)
Mo and his YOLO
Nice meeting you! Laughed a lot-they were funny! Let us know when you're in LA!
Hell yea.. its where its at... im going to link up wit em.. you shuold come down 2
Roasting jalapenos from the garden for a spicy chocolate stout truffle! Very Excited!
Oh goodness I can't sleep!!
Beautiful day out :)
happy sabbath!
RT Want 15 stories of PURE EXHILARATION?! Save ur spot for Breathe Extreme Challenge to fight lung disease: www.lungsrus.org
THERES PART 7! look at my last tweet!
It's 2 many ppl I know up here
Now , lets go make a couple babies and alot of money
Phillies got the early lead.
We come in all shades Soledad and it sounds as if Jesse is still out of touch with reality! I wish he'd just hush or retire already!
i'm really concerned about moscow's drinking ;)
Please confirm that kids (10 and under) eat free at your restaurants on Mondays & Tuesdays. Thanks so much!
Now don't get me wrong there are way to express how you feel tastefully; but in the heat of the moment you just let it out
Twitter elites discussing scandinavian election often offline elites, twitter used as one-way medium and
say wha?!? Absolutely. There's moose here too. And the duggars. It'd be a fun vacation!
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
jeez whats with your speed (GODLY) typing speed XD
Im soo happy now don't ever look back <3
RT tonight and Sat 7pm (w/ Porterfield's first feature HAMILTON), introduced by Beth & Adam from
Tonight don't miss the awesome tribute to the police '3 Non Cops' and rocking covers from Talon and Punchbox in West Chicago
your link doesn't work :(
Printing business cards, postcards and a bunch of school materials today. We're #WINNING that's for sure!
Lots of word games this morning to break down shyness and prompt creative verbalization. What kinds of games do you use in your classroom?
#wecanallagreethat a horse is a horse
never been to Roscoes… I want to try it though!
I'm eating everything in my grasp. I have a plethora of family there. No diet restrictions when I'm there.
can you share that recipe?
please follow back?!
I've looked like shit for the past 6 hours.
Glad the sun is out after a fresh morning!
where u was at?
Sunday Fun Day! Follow us on Twitter at FastFixPhoenix!
MegaUpload mega oh no
The Voice is actually really good
Devil #tarot card can signify that we want more than need. The Hanged Man reveals what must b sacrificed. What will you find in the cards?
my white grandfather used to say that.
one of the best parts of my junior year was getting close to again. it's hard to find real true friends like her.
I'm thinking of getting it.... Idk yet
He is reading notes!
paid you say, eh? subject studies about what?
is really craving captin crunch berries and i dont have any :|
Tonight DRESS TO IMPRESS & join us at KREMLIN as we do a live Photoshoot ! No cover for all locals!:) *free parking for everyone
Netflix gets worse every month. I think I will cancel soon.
“: . $1B to whom? Which company?” So he didn't give away 1 billion in tax breaks?
so much on my mind right now : /
Couldn't be happier. When is the last time Duke lost in the first round?
Great points on Stem Cell Research!
so he is on Leno and Fallon tonight???
to I'm tryin to learn twitter lol this is from my phone hit me up so I know u got this
Have a great first day!!!!!
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life. ~Jack Kerouac
What's Up ?
Charles Barkley on Atlanta: "We’ve seen this…five years in a row. The movie ends the same; they all drown.”
After it came out Dennis Miller said they were already working on #6. "They're calling it Star Trek 6: The Apology."
Laird made do shots with him. Its the annual foundation fundraiser, it was really lovely. I hope they raised money for the cause
RT Brookhaven Farmers Market Pint Selection: Raspberry White Chocolate Crisp, Bourbon Burnt Sugar, Mango Chile Lime,..
hm that's funny, because when you were 3 came out with "word of mouf" but you've been rapping longer? Dumb af
What's 1 of Boston's fastest growing nonprofits? This morning we skyrocketed to more than 4 thousand Boston Volunteers. Excited! :) Pls RT!
RT - Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get.
Hope Bisi is ok.
you will be able to make great desserts & U are going to get one everyday of the year along with you Daily Inspirations
Without further ado, here a list of records that are 15 years old, aka the soundtrack of my 21st year, in order of release.
thanks, Matt!
yay !!! My favorite YnR star is on Twitter !!!!
Most of the drama that happens at school is the underclassmen, I'm graduating soon soo I could care less at this point
I just got carded for being a spectator in a casino. I know someday it'll be a compliment, but c'mon, I've been over 21 for years now.
Pretty plain that multiple selves are here and tweeting at each other.
Peace out Buffalo! Sitting next to and on the plane...
ha no like watching one
im so up der dat i cant look down
where's the love for KJelly's birthday?
Just cheated my butt of on that test lol
I love the smell of freshly cut grass. : D
Having some fun with decorative metal... new products for the home AND another new buckle coming soon!
Not to mention that it feels like -5 degrees outside! UGH!
bonus points if the monkey can also operate the blender.
practice practice practice.. big show on Friday at The Bitter End (aka Lady Gaga's stomping grounds).. come hang and party after!!
who should i follow
Gaddafi you gave too little, too late. Now you're giving too much to your people. Take your 180 billion, your sons, and go.
sounds like a recipe for trouble.
Perfume? Perfume: The Sequel?
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Can't wait to check it out!
once again our defense is lacking. thought we had somehting.
You're welcome! Summer should be fun. The movies are set and they're finalizing the bands now.
I can't believe you still haven't been able to resolve this!
Reading the story of terrorism in swat valley
My (awesome) mom and i roadtripped for 12 hours this weeken and i love her more than ever!
GOOD MORNING. HOW IS EVERYBODY? AWESOME HOPEFULLY.
We just finished filming "Unveiled Corners of GSEA!" The video will be up this Friday!
#drupalcon #ux Module list page squanders a lot of real estate with the unused right column.
it's a Honda commercial. Of course it's stupid.
Girl at taco bell just handed me my food and told me to "have a taco-tastic day" ....wtf bitch lmao
what about thomas mustac? ;D
. did they think the irresponsible Germans would never understand the value of hard money?
5,000 liters of water to feed each person, each day
by accident. Ha I was pig through all the people who follow me and pushing unfollow haha idk I was confused. 😘
a little harsh, no?
I noticed that. Advice: abandon all hope.... :-)
Baby,Talk is cheap.
Reports of police massing at Calif Capitol as education protests drag on. Palomar students in Sac to protest fee hikes should be gone now
Girls are beautiful
Good morning & welcome! Thanks for the introduction,
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally. Chris Widener
"twitter that shit"
Too many papers? Go through one desk drawer or file cabinet a day until you're only left with the important papers that you actually need!
Columbus mass-murdered the native americans and now were better people and that we wouldn't be this advanced if they didn't
Just Tellinn you so if you get a Unfollow you know why.
My job has made me a repeat offender of exclamation point overkill!
Its funny what life brings you and the people that comes into your life!!
Thanks to all Our Twitter followers! There are now over 1000!!!
"Man, I need to get me one of them data curators." Avoid me-too-ism.
The awkward moment is when I put a wrong article in a sentence..then I'm in a hurry, needa remove it cuz I don't want anyone to read it!
Tripled up to 30k with aa
great to meet U all!
Another bus ride home, another lunch at the Union Station Bojangles.
What are you looking at getting?
Came back from the beach had the best time
Krispy Kreme in India sounds like a winning recipe to me.
"I'm THEIR PRODUCT. It's vital you sell me..."[bleep] [Performance has been removed because it violates the App Store TOS]
Good for Susan Komen! Those nasty knocked up whores should use a coat hanger that is MADE IN THE USA lol
i think when George Mikan was shooting free throws underhanded
Being dumped can be hard fortunately it was harder for her than it was for me this girl dumped me and she felt so bad bout it
Yeah. Not sure WJC helped much by saying what their line should be. Legitimately tough to figure out what ppl will respond to.
I am glad you had so much life together, and I am sorry you are now parted.
across town, must checkin and steal mayorship
“: I need some Sam-E in my life :) #CPS” sounds like you need something else. Haha
I am in the hospital !!! ): maybe for my appendix!! Wish me luck <3
I hung out with you more when you lived 30 miles from me vs 3! lol
It doesn't get any better than this, folks. Well, maybe.
Omfg its so hot outside
A promoter can be your best friend or your best enemy.
feel better!!! we'll have some hot tea ready for you!
Two days from Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call Friedens 414-289-6030 to register your team. Come out and have fun!!
GIRL! I almost ran! RT : Lmao! I bet yo a$s walked.across that stage
why don't we talk more about children as laborers in the modeling industry?
what about the nice things I say ? Lmao #wheresmycake? Lol
#Meditation to increase coherence in the body. The deep rest gained through #Transcendental Meditation to boost clarity, and creativity.
Thanks, Dorothy!! :)
I'd just dress up like Adorno and complain about kids and their low brow love of jazz (or brostep, ha!) the entire night.
Russell Westbrook sexy ass
correction i dont have the time to take it off...
We have to be fearless. We have to take chances. We can't live life just being afraid of what comes next. That's not what living is about.
3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching. 2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot 3.Now you're smiling
ok, i will. put it in a song! (just jokin)
#AustinMakesUsSmile <------- Trend It!(:
Wow on skype wit tha cousin
SAMMEH'S TWEETING, KODAK MOMENT.
Circumstances is What You Make Of Em
: I miss you and your mentality! Haha
#Bruins it has been almost 40 years since you won the cup & 20 since you made it to the Finals. Game 7, 3rd period 7.33 to go & SCORES 1-0!!
in this snowy weather, i think about winter for those in the camps, and how lucky we are to go from warm car to warm office to warm house.
Bro, I'm ready to get out of this room. Help me... :(
Your voice is my favorite sound, and your name is my favorite noun <3
I'm zabzuta u ass eating ass nigga
Even if Lakers/Heat amnesty Artest/Miller, either could only offer Ray Allen the $3 mil mini midlevel this offseason, barring trades.
#Weiner Sex Scandal ... Copywriter's dream ... Newscaster's nightmare
Maybe his so we can lay up 😊
Great, Obama is out about his support. But what are you prepared to do about it oh fearless leader?
is that on right now?
Welcome Kid to Kid of Greenville, TX to our Bottle Snugglers retail team!
idk how im suppose to go shopping to be honest.. i knew this would happen -_-
does this #SPURS win & #1 seed mean that (to name a few) will finally acknowledge us?
You guys coming back to Chicago? If so, we'll help spread the word.
At Piazano's Italiano in Chicago...enjoying pizza and a pint...Headed back to TPA tomorrow afternoon.
LOL, I wonder who the other 3 are. Haha!
Welcome Public Safety Professionals!
studio session... staying productive is da key to success ... nothing comes easy...
You're Really Pretty ( : Please Follow lol
Don't be mad. We behaved on twitter 😂
Boy: "Dad, I got a girlfriend!" Dad: "Nice! Atta boy son!!" Girl: "Dad, I got a boyfriend!" Dad: *loads shotgun* Haha
yep screw em
Worked up a appetite
wish you were with us!
still at palmetto ?
That one tweet got like 20 retweets doe.
Stars Are Blind is the shit.
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life. ~S.D. Gordon
First of all Steve shouldnt hit that un-contested 3. Second how we gon be up by 7 with 2min. to go and lose???? smh at my lakers
Yes!! Wine in kegs... and on tap. Called Jamber. 858 Folsom St. Opening in July!
absolutely, amen to that. :)
Ok, I should stop drunk tweeting
just get off in Solon, it's fine.
Goodmorting! We're all in our places with bright shining faces=)
Haha, that just made me chuckle.
I don't have favorites I can listen to anything as long as it's music aha(: and you?
see also :) RT : LoC and N. Taylor on stage to present Library of Congress updates
I'm fat
hahah who said that?
Keynote from at
Brad Porter is wearing his dad's jacket during post-game.
#teenwolf who will make it out alive? And human? I hope !
two major hands-1. After opening a bunch, I 3bet a mp raiser with QQ, dude int he SB cold calls, original raiser folds
I can't believe you're up at 4am! Its 7am in Miami, so that's my excuse!
cannot wait to have a boyfriend with whom i can wear matching aviators.
Thanks for RT'ing!
Hey! Thanks for connecting. Plz follow back.
im tryna get wasted if dis my last day lol
No!!! I'm so sorry to hear. Get lots of rest, & I highly recommend watching all 3 seasons of Community between naps.
cool can not wait!
taking a quick nap before another fun night! can't wait to see you!
good one!! Forgot about that....
The pieces are all falling into place...it's glorious!
Twitter just recommended I follow Adam Savage (). If you know me, then you know how funny that really is!
We loved them too!
I was gone come with Betty but she was not coming back the same day nf I had skewll u no I had to goo
And again, with the whole church bullshit; John 8:7 "If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her."
It's freezing in SEA right now. Why were you sleeping with the windows open???
Impeach Obama 2012! Join The National Campaign!: via I will post this everyday until Barack Obama is out of OFFICE !!!!
Always be thankful for where you are...Appreciate how God is working through you and be a leader to those who are looking for the light!
“Digital Hoarding: How Information is Suffocating Your Audience” Matthew Grocki,
No you can't be honest.
pliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss follow me answer
Lauren Tilton created video of her project. We are watching this now.
Happy New Year to all of our Jewish Friends! May there be peace in Jerusalem and a curse for those that want to move it. L'Shana Tova!
Myers-Briggs. Information: Do you prefer to focus on the basic info you take in or to interpret and add meaning? Sensing or Intuition.
4 my NY environmentalists: Waterkeeper Alliance observes anniversary of Clean Water Act Monday at the Matthew Marks Gallery
thank you!
Hey, you and Simmons are co-workers now, so keep it friendly
“I feel good about everyone I meet. All my relationships are healthy and nourishing.” -- Louise L. Hay (Powerful Thoughts)
GUYS, MATT SMITH IS ONLY 29. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
i love you!.
Remember when ignorantly defended the Penn state firing and then 2 weeks later his wife divorced him? Yeah, me either.
My 6 yr old and I just discovered the cactus we thought was the biggest in the world was fake and put there by the city to hide an ugly pole
which one lol
You know I'm right. I doubt you'll be married or anything. All you DO is make mistakes. You made another one after Ty left.
hint or hit?
#Sixers just burning #Celtics right now, up 43-32. Run and gun, baby.
RT : That's the beauty of Twitter! You can get a quicker response then thru general channels
oh my I bet lil jakey will have a nicer one
Hockey fights are just as cool as professional wrestling.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my timeline!!!
Thanks for the great #titlletalk !
Guess who won most unique chili at the WMSE Rockabilly Chili Contest! Hint: Black shirts with white trim. Boom!!
I am the queen of procastination
Keep calm and never leave the house without your inhaler.
Hassle of getting the key for it is deterrent. I'd bring in cocoa anyway, or cider. Not a coffee drinker. Thanks, though.
and by the way, you've created a monster. my poor facebook account is missing me right now
We're finally heading BACK to the studio on Thursday to record NEW MATERIAL, and be on the lookout for LIVE TRACKS from also!
82% of merchants unsatisfied with repeat business from new customers, though 45% of total would advertise again. goo.gl/mctUq,
God loves the Hell out of you! - DM
depends on the details, really. and the lawyer he'd be able to hire would bargain it down, surely.
I know. And if they don't bring Eben back, I'm done with this show! GAH
I love when you give me a handjob while driving, thanks ;)
#MyNOTtodolist Give up. Stop working towards my dreams. Settle.
I hate hangovers.
Headed to my neighborhood picnic
My parents are planning to see in Hershey this summer while I'm in Croatia... Is this really happening...?
That's so sweet he call you KiKi! LOVE!
Rep. Bobby Rush gets kicked off House floor for wearing a hoodie, but it's ok for Barney Frank to grace the floor with his sagging manboobs?
Why do I have an expensive taste in shoes?!?!
That's when you sink the empty net goal!
yea dats true..
Best decision America ever made. RT : Electing a rich kid trying to outdo his daddy worked out just swell the last time.
My washing machine tripped the circuit breaker. Now I'm concerned.
It's quite surprising, Although I'm more surprised that the Seattle Times still isn't reporting it.
I think needs her very own custom-made Floppets!
just got back from the opera with some good buddies. came home to the nuns harmonizing next door.
Yep. Sounds like fun. Brass sounds lovely.
This is just a terrible halftime performance. Why choose her?
oh poop. Sorry - I thought those dates were this week. Sigh.
Come on Giants. Keep it up
Another special today - Camaron Saltado (Peruvian Shrimp Stir fry). Very good!
you probably could here
My doctor left me a message today saying something about I have HPV. He's so strange. He should know I would never drive a foreign car.
Just got soaked.
silly tumblr and its feminist posts
Actually, the internet is just bad news in general today. Internet, I have had it with you!
Tonya Thomas very sad case. she worked w/my family member very nice. this is a case of no help in Fl. for difficult kids or 4 moms. RIP
It's exactly 3 days to the start of beer week at the Rubicon. Have you cleared your calendar?
Screened the DVD for some of the post people last night. Much relief from some of them who had seen the naked locked version.
Good luck!
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them.
is in Bulgaria, spending time with family.
I woke up still laughing about "think like a man" that shit is hilarious
Growing plants outside helps you appreciate the rain. The tomato babies are going to be happy today.
time for me to drown his pissy-ness out with music probs not leaving my room at all today except for food
your video isn't up any more. Can you send it to us again!?
Can anyone suggest where to find a new/used sandwich board? Perhaps someone would like to #donate to a #nonprofit? Thanks!!
#Itshardwhen you have to watch someone you love, with #braincancer, slowly die a little bit more every day.
we will see, three and out.
I've got to say that my man is absolutely gorgeous. I'm lucky that Matt made a sexy ass kid. <3
EEP! How much is it?
houston's <3
Baby Z is due two months from today.
pitching fail, hitting fail, and I'm banged up. Oh and Soriano.
lol you think so?
hi I'm Amanda, I forget we have never spoken aha! U r booked in with Stacey
so then ur aware how unintentional it was. He tried to jump by him, got caught. Penalty, incidental. That's it. Move on.
About to celebrate Fat Tuesday at Gentle Ben's. Anyone else in Tucson feel free to join. Just a $5 cover.
LOL idk who did wonder if it was more than one LOL
Every time I hear Luke Bryan on the radio I get excited!
You know u are from New Mexico when someone says "it's raining" & everyone runs to a window to see.
Well, poop. Another time, then. :-)
Awesome!! I should be around town. Too bad Spaghetti Warehouse closed :( How are your adorable boys?
I actually have a fairly free night, but there's no Brewers game. Good timing.
home today with the kids - 3 cheers for the serious problem of having to use up your vacation days by the end of the month
Winners were contacted Friday, will be announcing soon.
Payphone - Maroon 5 > It's Stuck In My Head D;
depends on the relationship. Dated for a couple weeks - no. Becomes yes at some point before "married for ten years"
Creating one more twitter. More for just myself and tweeting little song lyrics here and there. I'll be on both don't worry. :)
Question for #archives folk: Where is #OAI going? Will it be overktaken by #linkeddata ?
Respect for Hussey
brayden just spilled nail polish remover all over my blankie...fucker
Can music define us?
done and done!
Getting caught up on the convo with Doug Armato of UMinn Press last night on the #cunydhi stream
Dang I was going to tease you about that last one. xD
Thanks for the mention!
Never forget your Mahomies when you're in a relationship :')
Is it possible for your eyebrow to hurt? cuz mine hurts so bad right now for no reason. lol
Haha. Yes. You 2 are the only exceptions. Hey! You've been in Cartersville for weeks now and we haven't hungout. No bueno.
May you Rest In Peace....Ms. Etta James! At Last.
ANT meets WendyO?
hope you're able to enjoy it with no pain
With all of these warrior movies coming out, such as John Carter, they need to hurry up and make a film based on
Some vital plugins for your Wordpress event website: Eventspresso, Event Manager and WP Event Ticketing, to name a few.
OMG! I just found out I DID get the Serenity comic. Now I have to decide if I'm giving it to my nephew b/c of Star Wars or if I'm keeping it
Take a mOMent today to express gratitude to someone who has been a source of inspiration to you: a teacher, barista, great aunt, author.
Close. They "log off and listen."
