I NEED EVERYONE TO STOP AND GO FOLLOW now its my new mb account they will do anything for u
Jungle fever???? I think so lmao
Hey i DM'd you, lmk if you didn't get it.
I hear ya. Sorry to hear
..Thanks for making the rivalry what it was..
RT : Limbaugh just called a meeting of the National Association of Women the "NAG convention"National Association of Gals.>O_O
Tis a mutual condition, to be sure :)
Beer pong by the white river pool!!! Lets go:)))
aww cannon movie tales version of sleeping beauty is on. that was a fav of mine when i was 4. i thoguth all the fairies were pretties things
I thank God for all my blessings.
Correct. Pride has to show up at some point.
Outside my house havin a drink wit a homeboy
Sounds delicious!
There are situations where I'm okay with giving away an out for a chance at a run. 8th or 9th inning of a tie or one-run game
Thanks for including me in your paper!
You think a fancy necklace from Tiffany's makes you baller? What about a $200K pin of a torch instead? Baller.
Metta World Peace got tired of taking out players... Going back to fans!
Bout to hit this shower then back 2 sleep hopefully
I know! Who doesn't want to take a dinosaur home?
shout out to our new followers thanks for following!!!!!
Hey I opened your link and it took me to a very NSFW webpage....You might want to look into that.
Thanks for the follow man
If you could be a pair of jeans what style would you be? Why?
Remember when the Razr phones were the newest and coolest? Lmao
The fear of the LORD leads to life: Then one rests content, untouched by trouble. Proverbs 19:23
“: What a punk ass day” that's what I said
Gotta go to the dmv tomorrow, Ive been putting it off way too long.
We actually saved money on gas by just walking there :)
was in the emergency room yesterday
RT : Every time I try to fucking avoid you, you fucking find ways to show up!!
The sky has been waiting to ice-hail. (pun intended)
Back to work. Sad that I didn't get as much reading done as I had hoped, but had a great time with family and friends. Happy New Year!
Just like anything else in life, the opinion
Had to turn in my original BU ID from Aug 05 cuz the strip didn't work right any more. A little sad about that.
Time for the
I should at least do my hair haha
Mary Jane Medic - Medical marijuana cross
Oh Folly Beach.
#Food is our common ground, a universal experience. James Beard
Action packed Sunday! Sunday funday 2 photo sessions! One with for the men's Spring/Summer line & one at #BalboaPark!
So there's a sick 10/20 game at Bellagio, guy offered 2k to people at table for seat, he's got 0 takers. 1 Macau fish, & 2 other fish
ask if you can go? Haha
Not surprised by this Parkview alumni...the kid is an idiot and couldn't even get through high school without transferring.
James. You nailed it. Love it done well, but so rare.
purgatory will probably be jim mora "analyzing" cam newton. "is this guy chewing gum? i like this guy. he's a winner."
Great guy, great app MT : Big congratz to our new friend Follow his startup:
It's cute how Brooke & hope are eating dessert & chatting like girlfriends. I wish hope would stop resenting Ridge tho~
love u Jeffrey!!! We need tea time ASAP!
That sounds messy. Do it. I'll see you there.
the Pudge Calendar is adorable!
15 FCS just completed Sneaker Rehearsal for A Capitol 4th. Dress Rehearsal 8PM, 7/3 @ Capitol with PBS. Great show taking shape. C'mon out!
E Extreme Makeover!!! My !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I MADE THIS FOR YOU ♥FOLLOW back!?!! Its a clock
what do you got for us tonight? Any new tracks?
37k 200 400 50 on break. Couple decent players got moved to my left.
To all my family at LPU Breakthrough VII in Puerto Rico... you guys all ROCK! Now, let's walk on some fire!
The one time when I need my aunt to do something shes not home.
Yes they would've. Point: it made funding more interesting, but didn't add money to the pool that didn't already exist.
New #iPad unveiled today!
(((((: I love love love love love #love My life !
This is America and we love her. We will not give her up without a fight. Let her be the shining city on a hill once again.
RT : We need to make Education for our kids as important as what's on tv every day.
they're spending "family time" together Jordan tried to shut it down, then they put Isaac to bed & closed the door
OUt of the PS 99 vs JJ hurt us then all in with 55 and idiot calls us with Q8 (for 1/2 his stack) and turns a straight. One more to go.
Never throw out your used clothes, shoes, books, etc just donate to Goodwill and help some folks out!
It's illegal to protest in the US
Man, these guys sure like baseball hats.
School feels so long today -.-
Straight tried of fake people no lie
Tuesday is the only morning I don't work out & I must admit I enjoy sleeping that extra hour!! What days do you workout? Morning or Night?
My heart stops every time I see previews for The Lucky One. Can't wait to see it!
My 12 yr. old July-born son loses a golf club. I get totally upset and he feels horrible. Both apologized. Found it at course!!!!!!!!
This coming from another Asian... You are an ignorant bigot, and your racist Tweets denouncing black people disgust me.
lies i just said you couldnt cook in MY kitchen
In an effort to be as useless as possible, I am laying on the floor at my parent's house, still in my pajamas, watching Road House.
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 9, 2012 Student-loan debt collection criticized in report The U.S. Education Department must step
#teamfollowback: I need more people to follow. You know the rules. See you in the feed.
i today is my sisters baby b day am so happy she is turning 3 years old so cute am so happy happy b day julie
where are you located?
lmfao no it's April 2, I'm having my party the 5
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE.
AT LEAST NIC CAGE IS MAN ENOUGH TO BE WITH HIS SON AND TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
submitted for the role of the soldier for the period feature film The Conspirator. Robert Redford is directing in Savannah, Georgia.
It just takes one swing....
43 followers needed...please help out
I just asked B to stop moving my iPad screen since I'm trying to work and he said, "No, I am trying to work!". Busy little guy I guess...
Too much "pragmatism" or "deconstruction" in your household? Tired of hearing "Derrida" or "William James" at dinner? can help.
Two days in Houston. Go.
": Today is the 35th Anniversary of Woody Allen's ANNIE HALL - #2 on AFI's list of Top 10 Romantic Comedies!" 1 of my favorites
missin the girl in black HARD
#Blackparentsquotes where's my government money
Our moving crew runs on
We have wine with a cork... but we have no corkscrew
Finding you has solved like six of my problems all at once!
If u think i'm comin' back,don't hold your breath...
You better believe I have more Drake tickets to giveaway
Today and Tomorrow, save 30% on the item of your over 20.00. That' s right, you pick!
who's here with me at #dthr ? Roll call...?
Wait, Peter Pan isn't real? There goes my childhood fantasy
#WeAllHaveTried speaking another language and failing. Come learn the right way by studying abroad with us!
just to be clear until you understand the Holy Ghost you are not going to get tongues point blank period.
but ill never ever leave your side .
any recommendations on great-looking blog themes/plugins for wordpress? /via
lol just don't tell me when were eating
I'm on Pinterest. I'm not getting married! lol - I'm pretty much using pinterest to collect cool Batman pictures.
Ready, set, cry uncontrollably, pull out hair, and shake like chihuahua- GO!
WHERE ARE YOU TELL ME NOW
Thanks for the follow. Have a good weekend!
Chickens OK'd in Santee... Mayor Randy Voepel, John Minto and Jack Dale in favor...
holy shit american horror story is intense this week. O:
such a blustery day....
I don't even know. High-five him.
There's a differences between having haters and not being liked
I work at 5:30. Sorry my child. Go to your mom. lol
Seeing yesterday makes me grateful for all the amazing things happening in Baltimore. Check them out..
You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!
So what'ca doing?
This month, dentist. Next month, knee specialist.
Thanks my boy
#WelcomeBackAndy great to see Pettitte come back
The past couple days been heaven.. he puts a smile on my face n plzes me n every which way :)
Interested in having your own personal toy rep? DM me today! Always give special discounts to my best clients! Buy in bulk for more savings!
posting from 37455 ft in the air cant wait to see hope i can navigate public transportation in NY I'll let u that turns out.
Can we send you our film?
You, alone, release so much serotonin to my brain
God i really need to start breaking people off..
I really really really wish it was.
Just think how much drugs and hookers&escorts I could have got with $520,000,000 since 25%tax comes out $640,000,000
we will be in the 1st week of July. Ps - it takes one to know one!
hate it when that happens! “: The awkward moment when you get no likes on FB so you delete your post..”
Wooohooo, Cleveland - the May ride is just a few hours away! Looks like the rain may hold off! See you at Public Square at 6-6:30! :)
Where is the letter from the NFL proving your claim? Letter from NFLPA was signed and received. Prove claims
cute. I love that your tweeting
Orderin pizza for Lunch!!! :)
The only person out here to beat me heads up is Pinter, once. Until that changes, there is really nothing to talk about.
To Understand The Future We Have To Go Back In Time... ♬
Frustrated by the recent & negative coverage of iOS jail-breakers. The real issue is software theft by the few who have a jail broken device
Forster Kids are our kids...
The Dinosaur Hall media preview is next Thursday. LA Journos- be there or be square! DM me to RSVP.
All in time you'll know so you gotto take it slow. Never deceive just to have what you need.
2. There are 578 scam reports from the city of kazan were found.
they don't know how dumb they sound lol EVERYONE has the chance to leave the crib
Had an awesome time tonight opening up for Kix Brooks!!
Mega thanks to for Metric and general awesomeness.
Come sing your heart out at karaoke night presented by joanie karaoke. Starting at 9 with $2 well drinks 10-12
WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS!!!!! They rock!
Putting the finishing touches on the last of 5 Gary Morris CDs today (Mastering, ISRC coding, CD Text, Submit to Gracenote).
This is the only year, i wasnt excited for summer.<\3 I miss him to much....and i love him so much. RememberTrust
#Clippers fans are to Angels fans, as #Lakers fans are toDodger fans w/ getting loud-except I'm a loud Clippers fan!
No one wants to meet me. IS IT COS IM FAT? IM SORRY OKAY.
@ rios, staring in helpless bewilderment
A penal system that not only over-incarcerates but also strips the citizens of their rights as Americans is what destroys us...
"Dr Jonathan's Thoughts on Medicine in America, and Storytelling Part IV" streamed live tonight. Stay tuned for the link.
I'm sleepy, but I don't want to go to sleep.
My next song go get yo girl pussy wet....guranteed
I'm going to need to eat that soon.
lol calm down Honey Cocaine!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control
Ha, well I'm still happy with my iPad 2. Tried out the 3 and didn't do anything special for me
why does hairston look scared shitless at this atbat
Happy Valentines Day! We are OPEN today, starting @ 5pm. Special buffet menu with a $1 off all beers, wines, & cocktails.
thank you so much!
"I know the world's not ending in 2012...My yogurt doesn't expire til 2013."
what time is your game tonight?? Tryin to scout the game low key!!
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored text random people and say 'I'm pregnant' to see how they react haha
Heading to the Lela Brown Bag sale :) Hope to see all you Milwaukee fashionistas there!
So hey i'm ready to start The Hunger Games. also ready for a little reading sesh with Lex. you down? ;)
Mornin u guys :}
I don't think anyone understands how upset I am I missed the maine's tour with augustana. l
That lady took anger issues to a new level
Mary Kay® SPF 30 Sunscreen* is enriched w/antioxidant vitamins & free-radical scavengers, absorbs quick & leaves skin soft & moisturized
Aw. Poor Rubes. She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age. (This is why Mom's drink wine)
It's beautiful out and the doors are open!! Come enjoy lunch out on our patio or see Leala at the bar!! ;-)
Sierra Nevada porter iced and very nice.
BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH😡
Lol RT : girl i thought i was the only one that LOVED the smell of rain. And dont let it be on freshly paved road ^_^
Looking for the equivalent of "Manichaeism for Dummies." Any suggestions? #religion #twitterstorians #pleasedon'taskwhy;^)
The one thing that I absolutely HATE about spring are bees!
Thanks for the shout, , for guest blogging!
my RYANS!!! Thanks so much honey!! ;-) miss ya!!
Sure were a hell of a lot of white people at this Kentucky #Derby post selection.
derek.paris.brooks
What's the name of the page?
Twitter won't let me change my damn pic!!!! 😱😡
Ladies treat a guy the way you want females to treat your dad. "Like a King"
I met a lot of fans at the signing tho.*
#Santorum: I've held over 1000 town hall meetings across the country. People are concerned with the government expanding
hey hey hey. Can you switch those chicks around in your Avi.
RT : "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
Did you see him fight in UFC 126? INCREDIBLE!
Last question before I log off for a bit
3am call from brother: "Hey are you asleep?" "No, I'm skydiving"
So I gave my tickets to the Giants game to my sister and her bf. Their seats were pretty crappy so they'll enjoy this better.
If my life had no Austin & Alex .. Idk what I'd be doing now. -Ally
Ask to add you, he should be able to!
All specials and upcoming events are listed on our Facebook page: thebar lv. Going to try and get the tweets going...
Thanks for the mention... ;-)
S/O to Mr.Smith tho, hope he likes them tricks I taught his Bitch...watch out for that tooth in the back tho...
Why havent I seen in like 15 years!?
Live music w/ MATT BARRON! 7pm-10pm 2NITE! Grab a friend & a table and enjoy some great music w/ some amazing food! Don't miss out!
So great! RT : The internet is really a giant etch a sketch. Shake it up till there's something you like-
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy with a little style
There is no class of people in the world, who have such good memories as creditors.
Hey Nate , my name Ashley u friended me on fb but I deleted my account. But can u pls follow thus account its my friend and i's
This sounds naive but our school's lifeskills program really helped put real-life fears in context. I took cues from them.
Or at least including it (:
u should ask carmen, lol since she be at all the games lol. But I will ck it out! I want one too
Man im shittin on your whole life i beaz in duh trap
won't argue if you want to take 96 team disagree with last statement " would smoke 12 team "
Watching on ustream(:
Howgood rates products on their quality based on complex data. Have u seen it in grocery stores?
"That’s like congratulating a man for not robbing a bank. I don’t know how else to play the game."
Keep it up
At the chili cook off? Don't miss --> RT : Washington DC for DC101's chili cook off at RFK stadium. We're on at 2:45pm!
Im doing the pee pee dance.
Being barr'd up at school > > hah .
In the studio with Gonna be a productive day.
Answered circus circus survey with 'I will never go there again'. So happy to see them continue emailing me with new offers to ignore.
Monday Marketing Tip: A simple "thank you" goes a long way! How do you show your appreciation?
nice I will check that. Few people seem to realize hermeticism came from egypt...thoth>hermes
Time is short , Life goes Fast
Thank you soo much Chelsea, I am actually an OSU grad myself! I will be there this weekend! : )
Do you feel like you have way too many Social Media sites that are unattended and need to be managed and organized? lol
Looks great!
Man, you sure know your history. Thanks!
I have the worst bf ever.
I got tha Lo down Fantasy Football aint gon make the playoffs BLUES....o well there's always Basketball ya know?Right?...there's not ? O hmm
Focused discussion re: characteristics, challenges, of comm collaboratives
good karma and networking will help your eventual reincarnation. It would also help if Keeniun hurried up and seduced Jessica
Sometimes I think you forget that your not the only one who's going through a lot.. I'm sorry i'm not perfect.
My earphones broke 😞
Still considering walking to the Edgewood Kroger, because although they're out of a lot, I doubt they're out of Gardein.
Who said fascinating people always play nice?
There are no “bad” days, only inconveniences. Everyday is good for something. Good Morning!
lol yes! Im going to a Ky
What if scholarship looked more like acknowledgements than greatest fears. Solidarity and friendship in criticism--Lisa Henderson
Looks like it's going to be pretty hectic for the next couple of weeks. OBS, Ocala racing, getting handle on wire 2 wire.
im not Austin. ): sorry.
I'm so excited to go to the senior's graduation next week^-^
" Bout go chill with the brothers "
at Rouses
1. I am no longer wondering why this is trending -->
Miss ya homeslice. Been a minute.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 23
Lol. Sorry Nemo. That was funny.
With some Pinnacle pals supporting another pinnacle pal sing at Howard Fine Studio
What can I do for you, ?
Who would have thought that wearing an unmatching navy sweatsuit would draw so many strange looks.
Behind every working woman is an enormous pile of unwashed laundry. Barbara Dale
Jack Welch Dear Grad 09 column for BW. Would like your suggestions for message in this very different 09 environment
Our first South of the Border billboard on the #cwcon drive! It's only 163 miles away!
I'm not liein
This Ginger smells like ginger! Just got the wild ginger, tea tree oil experience at #supercuts!
Q1) Such dependency on the learning topic too..."The google" won't help much on a custom designed system.
#Weather Forecast for Friday
Goodnight ! Stay safe!! :) peace out boy scout and not peace out girl scout :)
Heart to heart with the whole class in foods lawalll!!
im mad boared quick questin you play video games by any chance???????
Never knew love would hurt this fucking bad.
Right on. I love Trident so much that I buy it in bulk at Costco. I sure can't argue with getting my favorite product for free.
if you're playin when we come down for the wedding, we will!
": I hate the radio"
check out Elmhurst natives #okgo; their new video was in the Super Bowl ad for the Chevy sonic ! #
love when a hot guy puts a hand in his pocket.
I always show up halfway through conversations
*COSIGNS* SO TRUE #PREACH!!!!
That's my understanding too. Had to do sanity check after hearing someone else's interpretation.
You have officially won my pants. They're wet. Thank you for everything.
Anyone interested about e-mail marketing and how to do it yourself and how to track their success?
I LOVE MY SUPER PROFILE!
Revoked access to apps and deleted all dm's... hope it works? Will contact Twitter next I guess? Ughh people can really suck sometimes!
truth. Sad thing is, right now there are tons of great people who will work for pt no benefits.
Welcome aboard!
#AtTheEndOfTheDay if you're not happy, you're not successful.
#whimsicalgates artist statements all set. Waiting for the finished gates to arrive
quit changing your name then.
$210 to start your own business. No autoship. No monthly fees. Nothing to sell. Just build your team and make money.
sounds good
Honestly, I could sing you a song but I don't think words can express your beauty, c':
Bryce Harper has a canon, what a throw to home. Too bad Ramos dropped it!
I should set an O/U for Tim Krumrie mentions when I watch #NFLDraft with my dad... "How often do you see DTs running 40 yards in a game?"
Sam ... Favorite car ?
The best way to make people remember you??. Borrow money from them.
Where av u been since morn' RT : Should i tweet?
Are you going to be at SxSW?
Tissue box #4. Another one bites the dust.
I just boarded my Southwest Airlines flight after a 2 hour delay and got greeted by the rudest attendant ever.
thats awesome.. & gets my vote for fact of the day
At the Dream Team meeting for Joplin Schools. How do we "BUILD" a 21st Century School?
and what did your significant other think?
Thanks! See you there! RT We've long celebrated Don Tate as an illustrator, but at #TLA12, he'll be attending as an author.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. (Dalai Lama)
You can turn it off :) Just thought you'd like to know that.
Health, Friends and Chicago RT : Q6 #Foodiechats The sun is about to set on our #BeachParty What should we toast to?
Hey, thanks so much for sharing our job post!
back from a must needed vacation (earlier today)...ready to go on another...
NoDoubt On That Mister
Say... say. This nigga soul on some more shit. I won't even spoil his tracks but I'll say that his shit is smart. He's the thinker.
Jesus doesn't want to edit my behavior, He wants to Change my heart!
Ladies Night! Ladies pay just $5 to come in! Happy Hump Day...
Why does #americanidol hate its viewers? Hailey oughta stop singing!
You realize how many R&B rejects it is out here they coulda signed better than Omarion ?
I have done more mustache roto than any other VFX artist in the whole world. Come at me bro. I'll roto that 'stache right off your face.
I don't love or chase these hoes. Fuck these hoes.
They're tied for my third favorite team. Why are you questioning it?
RT : CU Men's Basketball clinches No. 5 seed at Big 12 will take on No. 12 Iowa State, Wednesday, 1 pm, Sprint Center, Kansas City
juss gotta get through these next couple of days
Kevin Kenny ?
vegan?!?!?! No cheese either? Wow, your my hero. I can do the soy protein but no cheese?
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls (ba dum tshh) RT : Church or gym tonight
if this lady still has those tickets, I'm not sure I can pass them up... ROW G on Steely's side, umm heaven!
Hey Katherine, check our 'affiliate partners' for some great study abroad referrals. Affiliates is in our 'team' link :)
it's all good. I have an A- in that class. And my teacher is really cool
yea everybody got them imaginary haters out there.. You know how that go..
Someone hacked my Twitter. Wtf
Lol junior ask sandra when the next earthquake is gonna be lol i still got the vibrator packet and ready to go
Wished I still lived in DeLand. Sorry about all your difficulties. Is this the one right on ISB?
sweetie pie's
What if my name was, Arturo Picasso ;)
hey, I love you! Js.
free next Thurs? ThirstDC has a full Smithsonian line-up @ Bier Baron tavern! Come toast a scientist w/ me Apr. 26!
We ARE a little short of 1/32 Cherokee Indians.": Candy Says GOP Are 'Conservative White Guys Who..Protect Big oil
i never heard that song at all ! thats why i wasnt into it .. :)
So others are transformed. RT : . we have a duty to teach what we know.
just got out of kens bbq, heading home:) listening to one time by justin something its pretty cool(:
someone was trying to do a wave on opening day. You could have schooled them.
award for worst installation process ever... 7 calls to service and 3 appointments.. Worst experience ever. #AT&T
Please feel free to watch , she joins us this week on
OMG thank you!!!! I want to cry because I'm really happy <3
just dm'ed you... its important hahahaha sorry to bother you buddy:)
Well since it's March 16th the day between The Ides of March & St. Patricks Day I'm going to do a drawing so make sure you tell your friends
Thanks for the shout out ;)
You lion like Nala nigga, you know where to find a nigga!
Visit more often! It is ultra gorgeous now - patio weather and NO mosquitos :)
RIP Adam Yauch. We'll jam Licensed to Ill today.
i wonder if anyone is doing a study about how US trending topics are racist and sexist? seriously makes me sick.
Omg I have tennis practice tomorrow morning:O Oh Dear Lord._.
But why is Jennifer Lopez- Dance Again my pre-summer.. song of the pre-summer. Gurl is just gettin' us ready! we need another ON THE FLOOR
my nyc taxi driver was puerto rican. ain't seen too many of those around. playing some good salsa.
In 6 weeks, 6 families got the $10,000 bonus. Soon, after hearing THIS call from tonight it will be six $10,000 bonuses EVERY...SIX DAYS.
That's more-or-less the plot of Tick Tock, this year's RCSFF award winner for story & worldbuilding.
in convention center at trade show.
Heh. You too, huh?
Finally over.
#FF EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW!!
Why am I still up I really need to go to sleep
hahaha imma upgrade soon ass!!! Lol so what my Honda comes through ;)
FRIENDS! We are looking for folks for TEAR DOWN 10-midnight on Sat. we need some bodies from 5-7ish tomorrow too
Omg 6 minutes to #desperatehousewives the last episode ever 😔
great shoot with you today! you rocked! mi amigo
someone should dm flirt me im sad
What u idiots & retards n Twitter world don't realise is that amber cole video is categorized as child pornography!u r PEdophiles
Happy Easter to all who celebrate. Happy Passover to all who celebrate. Peace to all.
New Museum Alert! University of Utah's $102.5 million Natural History Museum. Model of public/private funding and LEED Gold...
:So did you hook yourself up with the one nugget? lol I see you!
Big bottie Tony and his cusin Jojo would come to my house ! x]
LOL! RT : I feel like Spammers don't try anymore. They've lost their passion for art of SPAM. 15 emails from "qprd" in a row.
I want the whole world to know that is the most beautiful woman ever . :) <3 XOXO cc:
J Lo and J Lin - they both took the subway to get to rehearsals before they hit big.
too bad you are not at #ncmpr2012 hope all is well. San Fran is awesome!
Rebecca Black Has A Beautiful Voice Seriously. But I Don't Know Why She Wasted It On A Fuckery Of A Song ''Friday'' She's Whack.
Things don't always go smoothly and when they don't, you deal with the cards you are dealt. I'm dealing with them...
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Pumpkin Pie lattes and silly costumes today?
yea it's at the zoo where Faye killed that sheep for her fur coat! ROTFL!!! *inside joke*
I know I gotta come over
photoshop//plastic surgery and diet for pictures
#irallstars Many steps , stakeholders in switch from paper to digital theses. Payoff is much faster access to student work.
That awkward moment when someone asked you if you had tripped, No I didn't trip, the floor looked like it needed a hug.
Happy Leap Day!!! The countdown has begun 6 more days until I'm back at ! What's your favorite jazz standard?
Don't overdue it. t will eventually get done.It moves pretty fast once you start sewing the wedges.
For the record: rubbing alcohol took the ink off of the dryer drum pretty handily.
lost ALL my contacts. dm me your numbers :)
"Look at how ugly I was?! Hahahaha" " Was?"
Paypal is a bigger crook than BofA, so if they go thru with the blackout grab your money out first...
i followed the details, and am willing to relocate.
AirPlay, VoiceOver coming with Apple TV 4
the only team im worried about kicking OKC out of the final's run, is SA SPURS. that will be tuff! ive said that for while.
Damn those are sweet seats!!!
Book Blurb: Debut novel "Portnoy's Complaint for girls." -
After several days of packing and throwing shit away I appear to have MORE crap than I started with? Where's my lighter, I need to end this.
what's star wars yoga? I wanna do it.
Please text 109603 to 73774 (PEPSI) to vote for 's Foundation's after school pogram to receive a grant from
Great win Heat!
Live out of your imagination, not your history.-Stephen Covey
Cuz dey hot!! I wanna know y we are so quick 2 go with light skin exotics women & not dark skins women? How do u women feel?
i hate my name so much. like, why couldn't my parents name me taylor or a pretty name. WHERE DA FUCK DO YOU GET AUDRA FROM THO.
Just getting in
not MY facts. Sports Illustrated. Ball is harder to grip in dry CO air (even #7 say that). Manning struggling w/ grip.
i doubt im haunted
Hello Delana: Thanks for the follow.
I'm ready for tomorrow!! Lol
True, but any violence Wilders' presence could incite wld originate w/ the Imams, not with him. He has never proposed violence
Make sure to listen the Makaras Pen channel on Pandora.com
lol :D this....made my day
*stretches, clicks off tv* that was....hm *gets up, rubs tummy when it growls* oh yea, food. That might be good
Time for some Hardcore Devo.
This is why I aint no hypebeast
I have lots of feelings about consent issues, looking for more people to talk to it about IRL as opposed to just on the internetz.
I wanna rock your body!
where to begin? Jon and Kate, Jersey Shore cast, Kardashians (although I secretly like them), Hiltons, anyone from The Hills
I just saw an enormous head near the
RT : In order to get to, you have to go through! Relentless pursuit!
Just had 1st InCopy use, on a bulletin. Went great, saved me about 4 rounds of tiny corrections--still did alignment fixes, tho.
6 more days till DC!
when will we get word on "pending" for this saturdays comedy central awards
I'm gone off that Indica my nigga
YO TALK TO ME
Thanks for the RT! :) How's the NYC travel blogging crew?
Sadly, I miss the singing when it doesn't happen, so you are in no danger there.
another great piece of journalism you dumb motherfucker.
You're Whacker! Lls
now how that's gone happen???
it's your birthday!!! This is fantastic!!! Treat yourself well noww! :)
#NowWatching.....The Wood
Third now and quickly approaching half way thru: where are the jobs (1 of 2)
"alliance of poles"
Any memories of college you want to share with the world? Best time of your life?
Diamondbacks-Rockies Preview
Hello February. You and I have some bad blood in our past.
TIROS! WHOEVER wins gets the ticket
Thanks for the RT ! You rock. And, you are my first ever RT. Yea! I hope life is treating you well.:-)
I hope you are having a great time!!!!!
you could always apologize for calling me an a-hole...I'm certainly done though
#WorstRapLineEver I goes by the name of...
This is what gives me hope.
I'm not a white/black girl.....
In this world, all we have is time sometimes - "The American Dream"
I'm not a medical person but I am a mom. I think it depends on the type. HIV is not always passed,I think it would be similar
You *know* fancy nancy can throw down, though.
You're never alone. I'm always with you . Goodnight babe.
Beautiful day on #CollegeofCharleston campus. Just saw Coach Bobby Cremins and his wife!
why library experience required? I was totally new to libraries when I started.
Follow for a solo shoutout RT if you did
Opposition i meant creek
What is this advisor deal?
On the way to Wilmywood - kids are sleeping :)
who is the milw radio star is it
Yes, I'm playing the THONG SONG on . What of it?
Fashion show = huge success! Thank u AllAccessMedia Stay tuned 4 mor events b2u by
RT : Kudos to for winning publisher's "Make Rochester Great Award" for volunteer work in #ROC. // Yay Todd!
thank u <3
Great workout. Love when the gym isn't packed.
What is more painful than missing your family, and you know that you are not going to meet them for another eight months?
Goodnite tweeters n Cameronaters. BTW if I tweet random words like "Start" or "Stop" Its cuz Im using twitter tweets from my fone Im si ...
- creator of the Sims is now on Twitter. Big SimCity fan. Excited to see - his new sci-fi show on current.
Thx for the help!
turns out we need to track a few more vocals, but good call! Stay tuned.
I only moved three blocks away but I'm no longer in my favorite sushi place's delivery zone. :(
It's sort of pathetic how easily movies and book make me cry
I had never felt this way before.
An epcot center for adults
more like superDUD.
No Line Dance Party tonight in the swamp. Here's wishing us a sunny week next week!
every one play bioshock 2 for ps3 or xbox 360 it a 9.5 out of 10 on the rateing scale
CBS promo just said if you go to their website and answer questions about 2nites show, you could win tix to next year. :-)
Happy Birthday girl! xo -Brit
Ok, so the kids bought me Laverder bubble bath 4 mothers day. I'm not N2 Lavender smells, but they're just sitting around waiting 4 me 2 🛀
I have had plenty of AntiMerger discussions with people I respect and who's opinions I value, just not in the past 24 hours! :)
Getting ideas about eval presentation next yr! Vis and commun voices re ?- what can museums do that no other org can
wont seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight.
thanks alot for the feature guys...really appreciate it!
It's sad, I'm 32 and have never voted. Just printed out my registration form so I can support guys like and
I know what I was feeling, but what was i thinking?
Gettin' fat and happy at Doumar's.
Yay! made it to the chopper safely after biking to Timmerman.
I support Gay Marriage.
Settling back into the NYC lifestyle
Boutta' hit up the beach with the fambam! (: Have a great Mothers Day everyone!
I think I might be in hibernation mode this weekend as it will be quite frigid.
got a loft right now, you excited? YOU EXCIIIITEEEEDDDDDDDDD *in my abel voice*
I SEE YA PIMPINNN
Thanks for following!
Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka + Caviar? Good, I didn't think so. is where it's at.
Thanks! RT : S/O MY NEW FOLLOWERS
"Maybe he's my cousin in marriage and it doesnt really matter." #Cheaters brings out the best in people.
You are the reason for my smiles(:
poor Walter... 
That awkward moment when you are trying to explain to someone how a song goes, but you don't really want to sing it.
or a country band
Not sure what it says about my priorities when I'm kind of wishing I weren't en route to vacation so I could explore Google+ more.
Don't you love going to spend time with soneone and being completely ignored? Yea me either.
when people think its cool to make a smart remark, about somebody to hurt there feelings. just to be cool. well its not, its horrible.
Could you please give Sherman Jr High in Wv a shoutout? (: Go Tide[:
That noise? Oh that was just the sound of all of my ancestors rolling in their graves...
Jackson and I stunt outta control too.
see you there! “: Eastlake hosts #PenniesforPrevention event today at 5 p.m. with "
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Giving a presentation hungover fri morning <<<<
Merry Christmas to all my facebook friends and family!! And may you have a Blessed year!!
Good morning :D
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidige
Were you able to get in? if not try emailing with subject "ebooks2011." let us know...
View the Bay Area at 1300 feet up, in a ship that is 1 of only 2 in the world. Paul takes off with Airship Ventures, Sat (1/15/11) @ 8:30pm
Lol awesome I jus need 693 more followers to catch up with u guys o.O -___-
yes I have met him several times. Cool guy.
Shout out to and Judy Warnement of Harvard MCZ and botany libraries. Thanks Janet!
so hung over =[
Happy Holidays!
I swear I think I am "Lara Croft" these days. She is my idol. I aim to be her. lmao!
Flat tire in the rain... I be damn its 1 am in the morning.
i miss yuh
Hi <3 This page is dieing down , but its not dead. <3 SO please spread the word about this page. <3 ... -McKenzie <3 A.K.A Louis <3<3<3
HOT SAUCE!!!
The other day I answered the first survey I've ever encountered that offered a fill-in-the-blank option for "Gender." I feel so free.
The Proper Angle is in my top ten all time favorites! I need to get The Charmer...
That's right Mr President, we need more infrastructure! American Jobs Act
St. Patty's Day Donation Weekend at Champions Pub Milwaukee! BE THERE! March 16th-20th
weekend shouldn't go by so damn fast :/
If someone were to buy me one I'd be eternally grateful, I wanna start playing again...
Can't wait to join you there!!! :)
lol I'm referring to the *addition* of chipotle dressing.
Thanks to all my new followers :) I followed u all back!!!
I just realized I crossed 3,000 followers today...that's pretty cool :)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SELENA!!!!! <3333 ;)
Haha, I love 80 degree weather in February!
That's fantastic news, congrats!!
Imma sleep soon
I believe that you believe you are right. I truly do.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
YEAH!! hahahaha...very good video, and you have to watch a video called Animal Disturbed
It was a Youtube day at the shop today..... Keenan Cahill, Antoine Dodson, and of course Anjelah Johnson..... funny shit! Keenan ROCKS!
Ran a mile at Planet Fitness today, lifted weights and did some ab workouts.
yes i love that game. ps sorry about your jazz i was cheering like mad in the last minute
“: Huh ? RT : Nice win. Great to b a part of it.” meaning to b on the team.
I think your cute, but I don't have the audacity to tell you 😔
Love is blind we all have to live and learn💘
omg im jealous!!!!
i nnnneeeeeeeeeddd it.
Thanks for the great editing job on my call haha. It sounded a bit more polished in my head! Great pocast again guys, thanks!
Have I told you guys how much you rock! got your cards and pics today, so cute! Can't wait to see you guys again!
yeah mine's pretty bad. it stayed at 1,382 for like 2 weeks and then it just went down. and it's weird too because
Trying my very best not to cry right now.
Very humbled by Chairman Newman's remarks on my departure. I appreciate him and The wonderful party activists.
It takes courage for you to be you.
I assume you already have a joke about the Pulitzers, and their puny $10k prize.
The goal is to fix and submit this project before I have a mental breakdown.
Fun to watch Blackhawks win!!!
did u evr makes comments about mick jaggers age when stones performed.
Hey Mahomies :) .. How many of y'all are also One Direction fans?? ~Leanne<21
thanks for the heads up, hopefully it wont happen again
Summer sports keep getting better, especially world cup and olympic years, not to mention baseball, golf and tennis
first time visit last night, will be making a return visit. #greatfood&drink
NO! PSY 3351 is still required.
Remember, there is always tomorrow, and good friends : Why do I feel so terrible right now?
Oh you know just hatin life
Thank you for the RT today, wishing you a great evening.
Please like this Page!!!!!
Yes, is the Head of College (Powell) Library and in charge of the award.
They never do. Haha, same stuff happens to me too! #tallgirlbenefits 😊
Funny pix! How do we get invited to THAT party???
And the irony in that, is i aint even that
where i live at is soo good..go to the beach every hot day..and do lots of things in florida:)
I put off Mother's Day for a week so I can grade papers. :)
Rally's burger nightcap.
100 tweets/hr or 1000/day they wont let you tweet for a couple of hrs RT : What is this Twitter Jail I keep hearing about?
Almost done with gettin everything for prom
said family comes first. So hes going back to his fam
I caught your cameo on The Rachel Zoe Project last night - prom dress makeovers for #blahgirls!
Fairly productive day, going to enjoy the nice weather tomorrow! GHW Gym Haircut Work
How did you send this?
At CUT recording latest Sam's Club radio spot...
Inbox current: 22; Inbox goal: 0 --- GO!
This is what I'm reading and should check out the chppo
UX Designers and Architects needed in Houston. Email me for more info
Remember to breathe. We take this for granted. Breathe deeply everyday. We are a society of computer users & posture inhibits deep breathing
Getting back on track this week.
I will come back to LA in April for couple of days then Dallas after that. It will be nice to see u when I get back
I will not bow, I will not break, I will shut the world away..
Get your GREEN products for some St Pattys love!
I hate myself!! :(
Heard the new Alanis Morissete song on the radio this morning. The 15-yr-old inside of me got really excited :)
nigga yes you are that thing is... m RT : I'm not >.< RT : David is lying
great to hear of growth at Engagement Game Lab!
Great talk on ARPA-E this AM: the ARPAs don't just do blue sky projects, but create complementary technologies & supporting communies.
School needs to end faster.....
Good Morning
The #US ranks first in the world when it comes to putting people behind bars, per capita
Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall! Tear down the wall!
Fukked up at this place
facebook or email whichever is easier for u
Happy Leap day!! What are you doing with your extra day?
Gorgeous pic San Diego is so pretty.
Icon Credit to ♥
There's a major voyeuristic / stalker / obsession culture on Tumblr. Unhealthy. Reminds me of some MySpace era subcultures.
Freaking fire alarms
we can watch titanic in 3d at Columbus
Talking on the bus in the morning should not be permitted.
no idea - it's not a chain so I couldn't get much info. Supposedly New York style. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
rough week already?
hey buddy, how's it goin'?
and our iPhones!
manny, manny ... I don't know how I can deal with him lol
Friday Night...Almost time to Rock n' Roll!!!
Go Giants!!!
Well i am just soo sorry, that your soo boring i had to unfollow you:P
Darn you, Minnesota. I love you but you need to let winter GO. RT : Did anyone else hear SNOW for #aam2012 ?!!?!?
Not sure I'd give Ryan Braun a night off against the Cardinals. Although, a three game sweep without him in the lineup would be amazing.
i swear CCR songs get better with every listen. a rare thing...
I would assume four to five hundrer per square but I don't know the pricing there ...
haha :D thank u!
Martin Scorsese's Casting Office is back w/ Meghan Rafferty Thursday, 3/31/11. She looks for all types for upcoming projects!
When did the Yankees sign Luis Castillo?
Been a long and great day!!!:D I cried when my friends came up to sing with me on the last song!!!:')
your welcome :)
This might possibly be the worst pain ever.
Packed TBLMS today w/ Self Proclaimed Rockstars, Daniel Harris, The Days Weight, Lowman and Kitchen Jams. Noon on
not really sure yet...probably sometime in February? It depends on gigs...or the lack thereof. lol
Instead of being a miserable METS fan, I think it's good to let GEE work this out- game is out of hand...let the kid figure it out!
Q9 I really had to learn how to open up and accept help, failure and success
hahaha you see all of them?
Mahalo Susan! Hope you are having a nice wkend!
True, you got me there, it is irresistible and such a great song. I guess there is no answer for you're sleep problems
He's growin on me now
hey! I'm good! How are you doing?
Breaking News - nobama speaking to about12 people in Reno, Nevada.
Can definitely see signs of the penumbra but sadly too much cloud cover to see much detail. Maybe it'll clear up before totality?
I hate texting you first becaise it makes me feel desperate and annoying
“The elementary steps are the ones always overlooked.”
Silly me... I thought this week was going to be less crazy than the last one. Ha!
I want to watch 30 Rock again.
I felt like such an old lady when I just caught myself complaining about how messy it was to dunk my cookie in milk...
what line lol and what happened to gucci mane I havent heard no mixtapes or nothin
Having an amazing view is kind of torture. OB is gorgeous and clear today, but I'm watching the waves through the window... while working :(
told you!
Thts awesome it's my last concert on wensday cause we end school on the 23rd and my promotion is on the 21st ^.^
Are we Brothers?
wondering when will stay home with the girls and *I* get to go to a game by myself?
I hope that theres specials
dance party time!!! most entertaining show ever! sunday night is now made.
There is no bad time to have a mentor. Ask yourself when meeting someone new, "what can they teach me?"
1994 called, they want their hats back rt : buzz on these New Era hats have not been positive. I'm surprised missed this much.
yeah the slow dance. n idk lmao i fergot but where uz?
Coaching is learning to guide, to direct .. & allow wisdom of the body to take over & be confident in our guidance.- Vern Gambetta
Go to bed hungry. Wake up hungry.
it's so cool :3
you could let me report hs football... That would be terrific!!
Sick -__- but I hope everything pans out so I can see my butt head tomorrow ;)
I knew you were smart the first time we talked. LOL
Versailles. Awesome cheap Cuban food and mojitos in plastic cups.
we love "The Middle" what don't you like about it? I hope your building is OK.
You're very welcome! Wish you could be here at #GenieFair2012 too.
#ThingsBlamedOnLeBron.... How AMAZING the Miami Heat are!!! RT if you agree!
Matt how much cap space do the niners have left? Enough to sign a guard to replace Snyder and draft picks?
6 more days till eminem's album comes out. Feels like i've been waiting forever
Go for a walk or bitch off to a friend.
My parents aren't letting me go today, because my car cannot even leave the driveway.
I figure 140 characters is about 130 too many for much of what I've read so far! <duck!>
Love the new avi and description!
So was I! Excellent photographer and styling team! :))
If I leave theatre, what will I have in common with all of you fine people? I should go be a toll booth op or security guard?
can't wait to see you at #wineriotnyc!
Peanut allergy friendly seats at Fenway Park www.youtube.com ‎Boston Globe Peanut allergy friendly days make games more accessible for some.
ready for a great Gray family moment? Dad is watching the onion with John sitting behind him and it says...
BAM! Guess who's number ONE on google for "Buddhist seminary" right now! Five Mountain Buddhist Seminary - sweet!
Super! RT :The bigger version is going to be called the iMaxiPad."(via ( via )
Dylan Gold Wins the Second Season of “Macy’s Million Dollar Makeover with Clinton Kelly”
Hey Jeff!
There are no less than 15 cops on foot at my train stop and a mobile police station in the lot. Not sure what that's all about...
Story of my life!
#titletalk Loved Scorpio Races & based on Welsh legends. Main characters development - growing up, coping liked
panel at #Brown #Medical #school was vry meaningful, with a very #diverse #group that helped #healthcare #professionals understand
THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. <3333
Enjoying a bottle of EFFEN Vodka @ Spy Bar... Got to love those Latin Beats Spy Bar Sunday Nights...
Happy Birthday!!! Live it up lady!
Apparently she's offline. Maybe me showing up was the last straw.
About to enjoy a cocktail with Rachel's Ginger Beer ! Can't wait. Rachel is a sweetie. Also a happy client! :)
Perfect, I'm going to share it later. Thanks :)
's not skill thats true skill
Mike, didn't c u @ Jazz Fest last Sat. We were there on Jackson @ 4pm-5pm. Hope 2cu @ Allerton or wonder bar again soon. xo
i know I should have, didn't leave the office until 6:15pm and still had to grocery shop. who all went?
and I will be hosting #21CRadio tweet chat again this Thurs at 6PST! Watch for ticket giveaways!
i am so happy! gotsa hang wif kathy and katrina! yesterday, junie, andrew, krystal, and kirsten came over! haha so funn! :D
Know anyone in the radio/internet industry looking for a killer talk/music/comedy show? www.freekshowradio.com
so you guys hang out together when I'm on a different continent...at dc9. why does this never happen in real life?
the ONLY ceiling art at Fudpuckers :)
Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength not my weakness - Amos Bronson Alcott
everyday, that's all I do :) RT
ik but sombdy just tryd snapping on me so ...i got one
I cant stop listening to 11:11 its so awesome(: Great job<3 Hey can u wish me luck on my french exam tomorrow? (: XOXO
At the with
Currently have 1 video view in Iraq, Russia, South Africa, and Saudi Arabia, but I won't rest till riot porn lands in Madagascar.
Did you know, spending MORE on branding during a recession will bring a bigger return on your dollar!
I've had that happen to me!
East End Big Hop Harvest & Black Strap Stout secured for the game tonight. Drink Fresh, Drink Local! Drink Black & Gold!!
Want to be the next Anderson Cooper? #NABEFCareerFair next week in Las Vegas
Miss my
yep. running the half.
#SLUAmerStudies Visual Culture Conference meeting tomorrow, Thurs, Feb. 2 at 11 in the Kolmer Room. Finalizing CFP & Keynote Speaker invite
Sign on the Engr library entrance "Note: surveillance cameras are used to protect students and faculty at the university."
of molehills u hit me twice yea but whos counting i may have hit u 3 time im startin to loose count but together well live forever we found.
does it again at
My bad I know this ain't usually ya scene...
ok, i'll do all these chores. its only 43563227 degrees out. :l
Reading group (in preparation for Kiri Miller's upcoming event) meets today at 2:30 in FergH 85. Let's talk about video game music!
#iwoulddoanythingfor my family there my life <3
whats wrong Madster? I dont like these tweets. U're not alone as long as im livin. Ha =]
I'm going to start a Blog and its only going to cover my daily bowel movements.
haha no, just living in the future!
As #corporate silos come to life, innovation slowly dies.
Lazy ,cozy Sunday morning. Now to bake some cookies!!
You is love
im just packing so i can move easier in july
America at crossroads: Will the crazies in the congress let the mighty fall?
i think Dr. King's dream is slowly being realized-people will be judged by the content of their tweets & posts
That is the coolest thing I've ever heard.
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
OH! Now it's "trickle down government" with the worn out lie, "He made things worse". These guys don't stop,
Just realized what a weird name Teletubbie is.......
is signing baseballs Herald Square today w/purchase of limited edition <How does it smell?
Sadly there is always someone that'll do what you won't, for less . . .
I don't understand why people hate on famous people's music, acting, etc. They. Are. Famous. They make more money than you're worth.
Love it! "You scrutinize every word you write. Yes, there is a difference between “over” and “more than!”"
No...I am trying to stay away from carbs...but love pretzels...lol!
We meet again Bloomington. I have not missed your poorly planned city streets and horribly inept and dangerous drivers.
RT Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends. ~Shirley Maclaine :) Great social media quote!
I'm in my own zone!
I will follow back if U follow me and My 2 friends and I will give u a follow back if u do !!!
Does anyone listen to Obama these days ?
You know what? To hell with the Lakers. We want this more.
Duh. See you there.
what is it?
The weather outside is delightful (:
an I found those other $2 bills
So "Cabin in the Woods" ending credits are set to NIN "Last". That automatically gives this movie at least 4 stars.
#BoyzTweetMeMaybe was awesome so much swagg
welcome and what you been up too?
like why am I still here...reading your tweet. LOL! I'm just off task. It's going to be a long day.
oh was confused at first playas means beaches in spanish (ask karis ) thought ur at the beach
Our free shuttle bus takes you from the main terminal to the station. It picks up outside Baggage Claim 4.
#earlymorning once again tomorrow...
Why do we need algebra? Finding X is only useful if you're a pirate.
I actually originally thought I might just start accepting beat submissions and forward anything interesting to Chris.
Let's go #AZTECS! ... ya chumps.
happiest customer ever! lawrence in customer service took amazing care of me!
Saw The Fighter yesterday. Great movie, acting, and detail. The best cocaine segment. All teenagers should see two or three times
#mcdonalds was a mistake. I meant #dwts. :) I love me some milkshakes though...strawberry please.
God didn't bring us this far to let us fell... God believes in you.
i love u niall the album came out successful even though u didn't get many solos u still rock the Irish accent
I am so bad that when he left the room I tried to wipe more on there. I'm gonna burn...
Oh, any design(y) people. I'm hoping to get more design people mixed in with the tech group I normally hang with.
Your Manny really does look like the pumpkin, spectacular! I know it's kinda an old reference.... Happy Thanksgiving
Thrilled to be chosen as Keynote Speaker for Art Institute's graduating Class of 2012!
Benefits of Long-Term Exercise Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
Bromigo from has maple. means drawn from the wood (maple syrup). Both are delicious
The walk upstairs to my room is the slow walk of death to execution for batteries. Farg.
Now, now, didn't mean to make you cry, carry on, carry on.
I have no money on ITunes but I will listen to 1:30 of it Over and Over again! For you(:
u want what lol
Show me
wow, heard song on mainstream radio...... really proud but really miss the old music too!!!
I just lost my bestfriend&it really hurts to think bout everythin we did together:)how i wish she wasnt gone:\
Hey you're in my hometown! Go Bulls!
Avengers was awesome
idk u just tell me who u are !
I love you so much that I'd curbstomp anyone who did you wrong
Yeah, Cody mentioned it on his page though, but it's next week so it'll be here before we know it! :D
Can't wait to see you either! I'm hoping to make it to the tailgate by 11...but still owes me the details.
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Has conducted in vivo field recordings in behaving MeCP2 mutant mice, looking at plasticity, theta and gamma rhythms.
it is evil
I hope school goes well. Are there good spec ed programs in OR? My son did so much better once he had some classroom accomodations.
Fake people
Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !
but you were supposed to let me know when you could hangout , loser!
Thank you for saying that, and we hope more and more people check out your music!
I agree with Sizzle. He's a douche.
ha! You might be on to something.
lol i screamed when i got them too!
"a lot of people really like my music, just not many people want to be in a band with a sex offender"
hello ,haw are you ?
So has Huff Post officially become a "Cathy" cartoon? To wit, this Tweet: "Swimsuit shopping doesn't have to be so scary." I feel...
Mommy is spending a lot of time in the kitchen....I think there is something going on.....grunt. Oh well, time for my before dinner nap
how was the food? Any recommendations?
Home from The Avengers. Good movie. Very tired. Bleargh.
practice tomorrow with & :D oh what fun!!!
#bieberabdc in T-29 MINUTES!!!! :D
I'm so sleepy.
Indie bands & artists know it's not all about the downloads. You still need CDs & tees to sell at gigs. Think about it.
Create with exciting intentions today!
you at bsu?
you know whaaaa
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOMS!
Game 6 of Rangers-Capitals is 7:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday.
#TinaFey and #BradleyCooper ? Doesn't really work for us..
Wish I could be there, love watching guys suck and fuck.
"ACOUSTIFY"-To convert a popular/unpopular song into an acoustic driven rendition performed by a young caucasian male named Benjamin Baker.
Sign of the times: All land lines removed from U.Va. dorms.
Consumer protection will be strengthened if the US regulates Internet #poker. Does the Administration support?
Following and then unfollowing me a day later
Rock on, sir! You're my hero!
What a great idea! Yahoo, please hire as top guy!
I wonder if misses performing songs from The Monster Ball Tour..
I know, I was like oh wow okay...I'll follow you too
I love when coordinators who love me are closing...
We had the most amazing #photogenic weather this week. I had my camera out... did you?
Are you still in Austin? Dinner plans?
I really hate overtime
wwhheeww! Forgot about that one! Lol. Perhaps not quite as elegant;)
^tl It ready come and get it... Remember @ Peace & a Cup of Joe you can order from anywhere and we'll have it waiting for you...
I agree! He was hysterical! And good 2 meet u irl!
Headed to West Point for a college visit.
STOP! Spammer
My son is also special needs.
a woman's instincts are scarily accurate.
I wish I was dead.
Get crazy get wild Let's party get loud if you wanna have fun then do something crazy LMFAO GET CRAZY
Who loves big Texas hair?
Would you revise your SEC Heisman list now that Petrino's gone? Does #3 Knile Davis move up (more reliance on run) or down?
good luck!
Memphis all the way!
Come get a beer...or 10, at Jackie O's tonight.
but there's a lot of them?!? Lol
it's good your doing the right thing Booboo! Gnight.
We are very excited about it as well. Looking forward to meeting all the great people helping improve kids environments.
MY NAME IS ROMO AND I NEED SOME MORE FOLLOWERS! :D
Amdnes rock bsqiat crown patches/ summer day/ red handed ws paintin my name up in de alleyway/ guard smokin reefer/ did my blackbook reserch
Ugh I have to go home and pay my bills. Back to being broke I go.
Exciting day today
things a 12 year old wont say: i'm so mad! my mom didnt buy me a book." sorry guys but i say that. im nerdy and i know it
I know right!(:
thanks for the business!
Good morning!!!
#nowplaying Knives and Pens- Black Veil Brides
WHO TOLD YOU HOW WE GET INTERNS!
Hi, my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows... I mean my name is Sana and you smell like rainbows. LOL x
I wish that I can have this moment for life. And, in this moment I just feel so alive.
lol reminds you of home haha
hi Adam:] how r u? Have a amazing week! I love u and your musics! #RT or reply Adam? You sing very well!
I love Young Homie! It has such a great message! It just shows that a song doesn't have to have sex or drugs to make it good:)
Stopped by for new Beach House release. All free stuff gone; "while supplies last" indeed. S'okay. It's the music I wanted.
Holy s!!! Did u see what happen to
Chillin with the boys
Always cracks me up!
So you liked that fence jump did Ya ?
Haven't heard back from , but assume it's a go. If no, taxi Meet in lobby?
RokkinCat will develop your ideas into usable apps.
More tweets about gigs! Happy hour today with Mambo Blue. 5-7pm, free. Sat., salsa w/Orquesta De Kache @ UW Union.
I'm not disagreeing with that, but I'm not going to say that you can or can't anything. All drafts are unique
Good afternoon tweeps. I pray that all of u have a blessed Sunday today
Email us or call us at 404.629.5200 about saving up to 40% on your printer, fax, and copier cartridges
I got accepted into The University of Tampa!!
Centennial, williamwette, cascade and nugget
Apparently a loud, misinformed minority has taken control of the debate...sigh
dey good bro i been doin tha same shyt working n cumming home. how your lil girl doin bro??
Office space >
James Jones time
"With a mighty battle cry "SPOON!! strikes terror into the hearts of all Evil Doers who dare do evil."
My son woke up suddenly tonight and said "There's a basement in the attic!" ... and then fell back asleep.
Welcome all Upcoming Rockstars
Oy! Already had a call from Delaney's daycare - she isn't taking her bottle. Should have practiced that more at home... :(
've been to Raleigh 3 times. A magnificant place with much to do and see. Lovely people. I think this is a karmatic home.
Apologizing for the lack of Twitterization for the past 3 weeks. The recession is busted up over here, like Dexter got to it or something.
At least he is trying to warn others.
Lol, i didn't know you went to state. You were looking Kesha fierce girl.
Any cooleygoers out there - are we doing SOAPStone on the speech or of the actual memoir night? Please help!
Thanks for checking into us on #Yelp David! We hope you enjoyed your time eating at Oz!
hey man...thanks 4 follow
Filtering porn prominent issue for BlackBerry's RIM
i wish i had friends that hungout with me.
ATTENTION ALL: Unfortunately due to scheduling issues the Woodfish's performance at Great Adventure for June 22 at 7:45 has been postphoned
Bout to roll my first blunt for tonight !
is representing by providing our signature facials and 5 minute manicures that are ultra luxe salt & oil scrub
G'morning back at u. Enjoy ur day.
Sun burnt + baseball game = soreness all over
Hey, never hurts to ask!
Hedy Weiss is still doing Chicago Tonight theater reviews on
You never won't know what you can't achieve before you don't achieve it #21JumpStreet hahahaha #uhwhat #themost lmao
Did we forget to mention it's our 2 year anniversary tonight at our new location?
repair that screw face... pronto...
Graduation in 34 days
Me too. I have been reading. o.o
thank u. guys chill w the here I am- ur buds know - we might love u but we don't care! hate to unfollow #foursquare overload
I Got Philly Fucking Wit The Kid!! #Salute to the whole Philly!!
nigga you gay:)
Jason Spaniol is God.
Stupid, ignorant question: are there [good] vegan cupcakes?
Would love to! :)
wow manchester city is having a field day oh no
I am tha bachelor
Must pay attention to those minor characters. They get a life of their own and will surprise you.
Going to play baseball and seeing antonio banderas!
u look fine :) lol
Today is the big day! Hope to see you at the Inspire by Example Celebration at 11am. Celebrating Volunteerism today and everyday!!!
I need food>
seriously, I have their Vit. C Serum-which I am obsessed with-their silver powder & glycolic face wash!
Wow. Hard to believe only 1 party guest behind this; in any event, fraternity should also be held to account for its guests.
I should be happy about this... Right?
I gave up, watching SNL instead. Would rather be seeing the
i did a cover of "practice' on my ukulele and made a remix beat. check it out
I should totally stand out there in June when my baby gets his Olympic 7s
No need to thank me. Saw that in my feed and couldn't let it slide. :) Hope all is well. Oh, and my tarantula says hi!
#I swear you will neva catch me smokin im already high
Confidence is a women's best quality
you ain't alone on that Hahaha.
Alumni exemption?
Exhausted busy day
wow thats nuts you get to go to the roxy on prom jk yeah im a graphic designer nyah. wat bout you?
I hope it's not just a little too soon for that....
the movie answers that question actually--when the rebels come back for Ofelia they find the door of chalk drawn on the wall.
How was everyone's Spring Break?
better than finding 20 dollars in your jacket pocket
Hi we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
Thank you.
is it really snowing?!
If I say 1214 Sansom, you say?
If someone puts me on hold for more than 5 minutes, I usually just hang up, lol.
Pet peeve: STOP THE WHITEOUTS #NHLplayoffs! Home teams don't wear white anymore, so now you're showing solidarity with the visitors.
Shaun of the Dead with these beers.
Beale is so packed!!
Lesson to people on the wait list. Going up to the host stand 80 times is not going to open up a table.
Still in Cali this morning chilling with my uncle drinkin coffee getting ready to head back to that Az heat. Harley ready to roll.
What a long day
i finnaly ca,e home last nite. cant wait for to nite :D
I miss Jake. I'm ready for him to come home from the doggy hospital.
thanks! If I make change them again, he may kill me. Glad they're worth it.
No magic number or standard metric yet in social media... Yet!
Good pick, I don't hate it.
MoZer Bat question of the day: Do you think Pete Rose should be inducted in the Hall of Fame?
what happened to their poor legs?!
No shot in hell I'm missing a weekend of work to run a 5K.
JAKEEEEY OMFG. I MISS U LIKE..miss talking to you :( in a month we can talk again kay? ok buhbye bby love you :)
miss my brother !
Be a good role model - wear a seat belt, use a helmet, and avoid texting in the car.
Big wedding yesterday now itz a party at my house later to day so I might sneak on and see wats up...TTYL
YES! Entourage! Sign-making?
another night to make a hoe holler
I swear, my sister is TRYING to piss me off. She's doing a good job .___.
Oh hot damn, this is my jam. Keep on partyin 'til the AM.
#HCM2012 comes to a close. Big shout outs to , , #hertz, #coke, #hyatt, and all the great speakers and press.
Today would be a good day to hang out at the beach
Maxwell! he's multi-talented for sure
Never apologize for telling the truth
Seattle looking great today
Game right after school? Pack a snack ahead of time so have something healthy to eat between, eat high carb, moderate protein & low fat
Actually *less* cynical about it now. RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
in Bloomingdale with residents and stake holders for ribbon cutting ceremony.
Fifty-six percent of all women carry condoms. The other 44% carry babies.
Up super early what should I do? Ill cook breakfast
I think we should exchange epic "studying for finals in #lawschool" photos. My reading week is Nov 22-29. Could be entertaining. <3
Live music tonight 7-10pm with ! Don't miss his acoustic set!
Second year in a row not paying attention to March Madness. I get my basketball fill from
Only two answers back so far in my great debate query today. 1 for, 1 against. must keep asking.
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
no dylan i miss you, i havent seen you in like 474%373838 years
Sincere Thank You to everyone who filled out a survey for our group yesterday. We will be posting another group later today
oh no
Aaaaaaaaaaaaggghh!!!!!!!!! Snow scary!!!!!! (For more unmitigated panic, please consult your local news.)
that's genius. i'd love to have the recipe.
I really do love physical comedy, but that movie looks like crap.
I'm working on a spring/summer speakers series, with some interesting tech talks coming to the Smithsonian community.Perhaps you have ideas?
I think you should threaten people so they'll follow me! ;D
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
Tuesday is a forgotten day, everyone talks about Mon., Wed. & Fri..we can make Tuesdays standout in a good way by accomplishing goals 2day!
absolutely chucking it up in south forsyth today. However, it is only over a couple miles though as everywhere else is dry.
awesome! Should be a good time! Hopefully not to much rain. Looking forward to meeting you!
They are like a continuous bouncing ball. Train consistently and give them room to run.
Some of the greater things in life are unseen; thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream.
RT : We'll be over, for sure!!! Cool set-up guys!!!
I love Lauren!
oh no!
Its times like these I wish I was recording our conversations...
Whichever you it is, doesn't improve the movie, which i remember as a rainy crying mess unrelated to the storybook.
Lovie Smith's book title: Stumbling Towards Victory.
You know it! : Someone out there is a kindred spirit. There is a restaurant gift card registry for couples Foodieregistry.com
Achievement unlocked: own every James Bond movie.
Haters they get stepped on
why wasn't sveum hired by the brewers? please explain.
I know! Especially the Yale database that finally adds the functionality of Amazon to image searching.
the most powerful element of any audition is the ability to create a living relationship with a reader that you have never met.
I'll be there with you in sunny San Diego enjoying #afta11 for the first time!
I woke up at 4 with that in my head. Then I woke up just for fun.
all the sweatshirts I am interested in are unavailable, do you know when they will be available?
jealous! Mine are far from blooming. But took day off work to
man my eyes stay red
i like that name. colton. its got zing. colton!
At the concert at the Metro, she had vaginas sewn onto her dress. It was kind of awesome.
Library Film Festival at 7 pm, April 3, Room 104, Mullins Library. Public viewing of Children of Men (2004)
#dedicationtomyex--------- It was easier to turn love into friendship, than friendship into love.
I don't know; I'll get used to it though. Where ever I move to, I'll sleep better.
Follow us on Twitter
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast? It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
Sorry we're going into spamming mode
does that include the (new) "Lives" editor? (runs infrequently I know) because I just sub essay 4 Mom's Day!
Hate hate hate freezing cold weather
probably, hard to win championships when you dont play to your full potential all season long though
What a life.
Want more water...to lazy to go downstairs
WORKING PARENTS: What is the biggest sacrifice you've had to make by working full time?
All I want is
lol ok, but what is he talking about in his song??
what's up?
Awake time for some coffee☕
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself. Ralph Waldo Emerson
7th period... Hm i think ill listen to tupac all class. Bye bye Algebra
Awesome job today! Your poetry on Libboo is amazing!
Fricken broke the bleachers doing a
no but im just tryin to meet new people
Done with Chem
Thanks for the RT! :)
To get an After picture there has to be a Before-check those out on our website BRB.com
I just inhaled 3 bags of Sun Chips from the vending machine. I feel a little disgusting but strangely satisfied.
