At the Cask for the Boston Globe event Inside The Collapse
ahahahaha :D okay then ^ . ^
did you see my buddy at the rosie show today?! my worlds, they collide. xo!
apparently, i had A LOT of time on my hands (to tweet and fiddle around on the internet) before i had two jobs!
And how does that make you feel?
Rudder-Roo3 was a blast! So glad to rock out! Busy week ahead a lot of MAJOR things happening right now! God Bless :)
do you say drinking fountain or bubbler?
here u go... Lol
God, your tweets are so boring lately.
apparently captured every fight or disagreement at BASHH. lol cc
Thanks for the RT!! Hope you're having a good week, so far :-)
they growing up so fast lol
idk, i just said that to sound threatening.. oh well.
Its interesting seeing different sides of people
you would be the same age.
Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly. ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup. Drake has y'all actin ratchet.
shut up. I hope Austin or Zach kicks your ass, you're annoying as fuck
When did it become socially acceptable to tell a company's employee that you hope that company goes out of business? 1/2
S/o To My DJ Yeah, Best Dj the streets Had in a minute if u ask me!!KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN YOU NO I GOT YA BACK
Nothing like watching the Vols have this moment against little brother. Is Candy the most overrated hoops program in country?
really? I totally love when that happens..
how long are you in cleveland for?
Great to see my buddy's band (Sugarland) play last night. Thanks for the hospitality y'all! I was blown away by the whole thing....
Tune in to GoodDayNY on Fox 5 in AM. I'll be on just after 8am w/ news on fight to get City to release cancer data for 9/11 first responders
"The Ultimate NPR Workout Mix": A thing that exists, apparently.
You need a facebook page now too.
The two cardinal sins of sales: not #listening & talking too much; what are you doing about it? SeanLetwat
Alternatives to dead end status quo cynicism.
Wow, indeed.
You gotta funny way of showing it.
Where you at girl?
thats true. See everything happens at its time. Finished your school now you ready 4baby! Happy mothers day 2wifey.
Aaron Rodgers has just broken Brett Favre's single season touchdown record with the Pack. What shadow?
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember. ~Author Unknown
You guys smell like regret and alcohol.
Great shirt, was it disco night?
Hi Mirian nice to hear from you
About to smash a bowl of Peanut Butter Crunch! :-)
Day 2 : 90 Min Imperial IPA, Ta Henket, Tweason'ale (gluten free), Noble Rot to kick off.
What Thomas Edison's Mother might have said to her son: "Of course I'm proud that you invented the electric light bulb. Now turn it off...
Painting my first Christmas card in August? Hm. Gonna be interesting twist on a not-so-traditional Christmas tree. Happy pre-holidays!
HoW dO come up WitH CoNTent IdeAs? IDUNNO... HOW DO?
Living the
Morning Ms. Jen! Hope you have great day! Coffee soon!!!
Byrne's Grilled Pizza, Cutiepie's and the NY Slice” congrats! You win!! Thanks for playing #Indy!” Yipee!! Thank you!
Starting to get excited.. The Black Keys.. great friends... and a socially acceptable heavy drinking night!!
Let us know what you think.
Aren't there also just one or two women speaking too? #bmorefail Anywho, my wife is there.
riding bike in NYC with waterproof fisheye video mounted on my head.
Pretty gay that it took Obama so long to endorse Same-Sex Marriage.
Laying on the beach in Dewey .... with no pants .... waiting for today's edition of the AFTERNOON DRIVE with Glenn Clark ....
R.I.P. Bob Marley
An amendment in the House combined the preliminary hearing with the transfer hearing
Carolina v. Duke day is like Christmas morning all over again.
Wonder what kind of crazy show Greg came up with
Lawyers in talks to possibly drop charges against the former leader of IMF Dominique Stauss-Kahn. Meeting tomorrow.
yes moving to Lincoln Park by Clark ad Armitage and living on my own. Are we going to be neighbors?!
Wolf approached me... Whipped out flashlight & buckknife. Watch him run off like a bitch.
- well, if I have a choice to watch boxing from row 1 vs. football from the nose-bleeds, I choose boxing, even tho I <3 football.
Hey ... Let Fish know that I too only slept about an hour and a half. I feel his pain. Ugh..
Prime 112- Miami- Fried Orioles- most amazing treat ever :)
go away or we shall taunt you a SECOND time.
To be honest Mrs. Strong I haven't listened to you all year -__-
Last minute thing my nigga but I did not go I was on my way but nothing.
The Streak 10 Pro is only available in China at this time. We continue to evaluate other regions, but can't divulge roadmap plans
today's #collectiondevelopment starts with re-ordering Faye Kellerman.
Dance Instructor? Having an event? Give us a call (410.990.0005) to find out how to get FREE Shoes and Gift Certificates! Free Rox :-)
Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer. Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Montclair in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
June 3 at I'm guest bartending to win money and a trip to Vegas!! Everyone gets 1/2 off their bill! 9pm-2am spread the word!!
Loose cows.
Deep and heavy conversation at the casa tonight.
the pink bear at the side or the little pink thing in the middle that looks like its gonna eat ya 😃
That's how you open a set. Seven Below. Alpine '04.
Roses are red, violets are blue. 11:11 was great, but say somethings gonna be better.
Guess you can graduate ;) MT Thanking my fave #librarian you've taught me so much, like where the books & movies are ;)
i hate seeing all those little squares that are supposed to be picture-animations on the iphone
going through it, telling my story was worth while!
If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
Took my Wheaten Terrier 14yrs to vets. Still in great health!
Thank you man! Absolutely will :-) " The Present Future is great work. Check out www.richarddavia if you can."
Agree! RT AWESOME time at POPULAR book launch with
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free
Happy New Year!
and see when austin is huge, we can say that we were there to have little private concerts with him every friday
he had one two years ago, shrug
Day of silence for my Nigga TC.
KML supports altitude data!
which comes first permission from building owner or beginning process of permit from city. trust me chicken and egg.
Feeling great today!!! Ear ache gone, dropped a few pounds to save my knees and stomache starting to pack up. 40 Bitches da New 20!!!
On the bus to OIA Champs, TRIALS at Kaiser... #weONone !
winner winner chicken dinner. L&R fronts
I'm 15
I think I'll give up on finding who drunk dialed me for now. He obviously don't want me to find him. Even though it was incredibly awesome.
"That dress."
missin you. but not the desert.
agreed on White Stripes, considered Nirvana on snl but Kurt was so junked out, Nirvana did a great mtv live set that was better
It's a Super Science Saturday Heart theme at The Bakken! Come visit and celebrate Valentine's Day the right way: ~Scientifically~
if i seen one i will for sure i usually seen them in the summer :)
thanks, hope you enjoy the photos.....
Haha. True. True.
Wish it was permissible to wear a dress to work tonight... you should always ring in the New Year in something fabulous!
Before i sleep im always either listening to music or thinking about photography.
-- Is he a junior?
Anyone hear how is doing after his surgery?
USA men earn Olympic ticket after qualification victory over Canada: Long Beach, USA – Beijing Olympic gold medalist the United State...
Very irritated about to take a hot shower abd go to bed.
thank you for the extension.
Haha! RT I see a big sprint in my immediate future
Good stuff!
Angry birds always gives you something useful in 5 min. How can we do that in the classroom
Thanks for following! Hope you're having a great weekend!
Alright pretty good. Where have you been haven't seen you around in a while
Likewise, proud of you! Its always a blessing to you and the family. Love yall!!!
My boy walked in the house wearing Aviators..and we did the 'I feel the need,the need for speed' handshake from Top Gun.
For a few more days, try our current slice of the week: thinly sliced pancetta, fresh tomatoes, and ricotta.
a lil too real, so the opted out
Flipcup today at 2pm ! We need more sign ups! Spread the word $10 per person we provide the beer!
Day #9: Wearing my first repeat outfit to rehearsal.
blah blah blah blah
Actually its truth. the world is full of hater.
did I ask you to spam me?
Don't have a problem with Charlie. He's always treated me with respect and is passionate about program
I'm on hold right now. Firstrowsports.eu all the links and one of them will work. Can I get a jersey if it work? :)
thank you for the ideas! We're always looking for more ideas to put the xocai high antioxidant shake mix in.
you gotta get out of the house
it made my day(:
beri you are a tit, but a funny one...I'll be tuning in tomorrow.
you got it chica!
haha. I agree.
Thanks! That just might make the Weekend Wayfinder tomorrow.
Wow so windy in the Cuse today!!
You bet I heard it. He was great. Bring him back for another interview
lunch was great... back to work! www.triumphmasterscommission.com
naw cuz they cheating but they will win when g hill get n da game
I will definitely try. I'm speaking at 4:00 in room B. By the way, Charlottesville City uses the product i'm presenting.
If you are tweeting right now and it's not about Whitney Houston, you are dead to me.
It's a reason i stopped following Paul George smh he a softee...
true, loved the Kittles comparison afterwards
I hear you, just wanna get it done! lol.
Was The Best Day Of My Life!! Finally Met You Yesterday :)
Good morning! :-)
nothing never mind lol
Omg what happened to jason lee
AK Guard spokesman: 39 yo AK Nat'l Guardsman Jason Johnson is still working for the Guard after he was indicted for embezzling nearly $230K
happy birthday boo. ♥
New Makaras Pen song "Sixfouronezero" up now. Stop by for a listen and say hello if there is anyone left out there in myspace land..lol
Wanna see your husband cry - turn on NBCSports, they are showing Brian's Song
I am an actor in Los Angeles and often told I look like Sal. Please check me out and forward my info if possible. Thanks!
Hard to watch painful theatre that is meant to be comedic:(
Newegg sale on Scansnap this AM. Pulled the trigger. Be here tomorrow. Excited.
97-year-old woman requesting police assistance to collect insurance information from man who hit her car with a cart.
Real shit if RONDO had a jump shot he might be the best PG in the league
Excuse me bartender, there's too much liquor in this drink.
This move towards a less hierarchical organizational design seems more intuitive than the traditional top-down structure.
rondo fucked around and got a triple double
North American media release today announcing the official launch of Web-e-Books and Cache-It. Search The Tri-Screen Connection anywhere.
Absolutely! Being a photographer has brought me places to see things that money can't buy.
i am sorry i think someone got in your account or i ead something u wrote i dont understand twitter yet god bless
Can't wait for college! U say I have no idea and say I'm dumb thanks ur great mom
#ItGetsMeMadWhen bitches used to laugh at me in payless.. BITCH YOU SHOPPIN HERE TOO!
Novak may look like he's from Twilight but that's his third 3
#MovieFactOfTheDay Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves.
Been wearing my dbno bracelet lately to help get through rough times
wtf how does one get those people to play a show at their high school
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and buy organic! Average American consumes several gallons of pesticides a year!
The Packers remain undefeated AND N. G. is kickin' booty at the polls? Could it be the world is NOT going to hell in a hand-basket...yet?
My favorite document-based database is a Rails view with no dynamic content
Oh yes, we would love to be considered!
“: I DOMINATE Twitter at 2:22 am Pacific Time.” I DOMINATE retweeting you at 2:24 am Pacific Time.
come on rany the situations and batters completely diff.Offensive matrix only slightly diff for 1st 2nd no outs and 2nd 3rd 1 out
Yes, make it a #HappyHumpDay my friend! :-)
I need twitter tutorials asap papi
Its like I won the devils version of 649.
ugh yeah I just beat your new score because you suck!
Not gonna be @ Plan B this thurs. I was contracted a while back else where for New Years Eve. Have a safe one ya'll!!!!
even smaller than you think! I am 's pal from high school, and Nancy Chandler's sister in law.
So tasty!
His house?
seriously crazy day/night... tomorrow rest/wake repeat :)
I feel you, and I miss you
Complex [sound] synthesis...the name says it all.
Select Holiday wines now $10, all Holiday Lolita 50% off, plus stop by and stock up on your Bowl Game snacks!
Grammar: the difference in knowing your shit in comparison to you're shit.
come hang! the hockey scene just started!
Why is it so hard to figure out how to get anywhere!? Ug. I think I need to take #10 from Brookfield Sq to Downtown.
lost my phone. think i have pinkeye. but hey, the sun is shining.
“: TRUE or FALSE: Your underwear should be chosen to match your outfit and activity. RT w/ your answer!” TRUE!
wish I could...lunch days, unless I come in early to work are tough! Kate you down here?
True guy friends are friends that can cry together in movies, and not feel really gay
Dancing with the Stars again tonight
pretty sure their contract only allows ristretto...
Just reached home and my parents are listening to some random 80s malay singers
TOMORROW IS 420 MY FAVORITE HOLIDAY.... TO BAD I DONT SMOKE ANYMORE....
i gave a homeless man two dollars today, i pray that he does the right thing with the money i gave him
RT : RT : But it's time to take back our nation. If we can survive until November>don't wait, stop feeding beast now
No, thanks though. Sometimes I forget that I'm not as young as I act most of the time.
I can't I'll have to go down 2 stairs
Wish I could be there with you guys!
have fun and work hard in Seattle, Mark. And say hello to the guys at Starbucks for me!
Seriously?! Hacked again
I was too excited to wait until joe gave me your email. <3!
We can certainly second that! RT : you should try
Great. Let me know if anything interests you or if you want to write a piece. No insult if not. But I interview well. :)
That was a ridiculous global warming Ford ad...
And its beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart
@ I saw my bro staring at s pic Yuck
and I love all of you!! :)
Was just told I better take off my sweater or I would get a pat down
oh I see..so how have you been?
These Denver fans are hype, but they're going to lose though
Dwight Howard officially supports Stephen Colbert for president
congrats and we'll deserved!
Drinking at work, with co-workers. O_o
she said relax lemme do ur makeup...lol *relaxes*
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont i wouldn't sleep with you, there is no price tag on my vagina....
good morning mag and friends, happy thursday to you
Life is funny sometimes and throws you these hilarious little curveballs. But through it all, you have to see the humor in it and just LOL!
getting ready for my dads wedding.. so exciting! :)
well...you see, I already ate some, and threw the rest away...
Good night
awww! i love you too! ♥
Need to create incentives and rewards for sharing science. #nielsenduke Positive feedback loops are important.
Nashville here we come!!
I love life but sometimes its a pain in the ass
congrats Big Guy, you will have a blast!! I just hope to see you wearing the Kentucky Uniform. Go Cats!!
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her
i play daniel triton
Good for her!!!
I don't wanna talk about. Next they'll say the fluoride is rotting our gums (PS IF THERE IS AN ARTICLE ON THAT, DO NOT SHOW IT TO ME)
of course u can
Love the cameo on Grey's Anatomy this week!
Mrs. Kirsch&#39;s World History: Nations of the World - Animaniacs
I love u
maybe you sound just as hardcore as me you live in green bay
What a day to be a historian!!!
are you at the Batavia invite?
looking forward to the #graphicscanada and #graphexpo tradeshows. Is this a year of #web_to_print ?
Love my kiddos. Honor roll and Raydon got The Governor's Award for Barlett JROTC.
thats how i like it boi
I strongly dislike ignorant obnoxiously loud people, actually despise is more like it
Hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch... Thanks NKC! I had a great time visiting with my colleagues. We should do that more often.
ah I miss you too! Great band, hope you're doing well :) still in dc?
Chicago's Air & Water Show must be coming up. Jets are roaring overhead -- rehearsing.
hey...the wifey had car trouble so I don't know if i'm going to make it down early enough to get over there. I'll keep you updated.
Prepping for the Manhattan Monologue Slam (www.mmslam.com)? Check out the selection at MonologuesToGo.com!
Good Morning World !!
#Holla :) I think should join us for some spring festivities.
Chicago with Warren Weigratz July 1 on the BMO Harris Pavillion at
#nccetl how well would teachers do on technology assessment? Is accreditation system keeping pace?
What's in common is what matter.
Dewey issues memo to its lawyers, encouraging them to seek work elsewhere according to my story online.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
Just got a Hawkeye tattoo on my calf to match Coach Bielema's. Partners for life.
Anyone having a single thought of violence or hatred against anyone in the world is contributing to the wounding of the world Deepak
I hope you were there to volunteer for
Thanks Susan--I'll check it out.
Shit is wicked on dez mean streets none of my friends speak! We all tryin to win!
oh boy. Lol
Kinda awkward that Posada is catching.... considering hes not in the starting lineup.
Whatever you want out of a relationship make sure you can give.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. William James
i cant wait bro, gonna be so EPIC... Kobe gonna punch a cheerleader yo, watch!!!
I love taking naps after school ;)
Ladies Rock Camp 2011 dates are official!: February 19- 21(President's Day weekend) School. more info: girlsrockcampaustin.org.
Hm maybe i should parody "Dance again" lol
Asking myself, Why would they retweet that?!
Gonna try to use my main account now
I Cried When I watched Titanic 3D
#TNT RT : I swear you'd think that Charles Barkley wasn't ringless the way he talks smack
I am for a strong military!!I believe in "Peace through Superior FirePower!!"
#TEDwomen- Thank you for the well of inspiration & for sharing amazing folks who are making positive impacts. Life changing <3
sigh, it always "technically" is....
Looking forward to viewing two beta sites today ...
You're single
I only get on twitter whenever i'm bored or high. Or both. Usually both.
to release paper on privacy and minority attitudes on data collection & use.
That's fine as long as we present our SEC baseball rings before we play them in football next season.
NEW PORT O'BRIEN EP AVAILABLE TODAY BENEFITTING Doctors Without Borders RELIEF EFFORTS IN HAITI. BUY AT www.portobrien.com
this is a question for everyone! who is the coolest person to follow you?
I love FOX's new reality show: Slow Children, Fast Women.
The legend of #worstdeanever continues ...?
Sorry I'm kind of out of it at the moment! Ck your DM!
Almost beer time!
To evrbody dat watched the nino brown documentary, how u like it? Tweet back cuz I gotsta know
yea I will never again do the buddy pass thing
The lady who hired me for my internship is so damn bad! FAMU grad I went home & found her twitter
Today is 12.3.12: Nice. Today you close off a tiny aspect of your life.
Oh Kat, you're too amazayn! 👯❤
Aw! You're so sweet! <3
Men are like parking spots: The good ones are taken, and the rest are handicapped.
Gonna put it on myself. RT : Turning up Paul's Boutique here at Last.fm HQ.
"how the hell do you do that?" people ask me when i draw i say "i dont know..."
MY ONE AND ONLY WISH...IS YOU TO FOLLOW ME BACK I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH...TAKE CARE...:)))
Philosophy students are always the first people to run out of printing points.
Choices getting easier everyday as God directs my path
I drank a monster around 4.. So I think it's in me too
Everyone please go follow my new twitter and unfollow this one and follow my new one!
You are 100 kinds of AWESOME!!!!!!
If your going to straighten your hair do all of it and don't be lazy.
Official #Team$$Money & Interest$$ Ent. is starting now!
RT : #Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
& it makes my day to open my acct to see more ppl added SKID OUT & to their 'to-read' shelf. It's yummy, do it!
Where is ?? Hope you're having fun announcing!
im going Monday to lakefront......
theres 3 songs in the motel room. Do you rember which part? Is there a moment specifically? When did you have the thought?
After years of my Dad's Seders, preparing to host my first. Ten goyim and me
Renaissance Philosophy [Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy]
I've been hearing a lot about Foursquare lately. I think I may need to give it a try.
Thanks for the #ff!
no problem we can better this city together.
beggars can't be choosers lol
Great game in Indy lets do it agian soon!
are ya home !?
Good thing is as long as you start the game with 5 players you can finish the game with less.
Isn't it amazing how EASY it is to manage your email, after unsubscribing from all those email newsletters, groups, notification and alerts?
Happy Mother's Day!!! Thankful my Mother raised me to be the Bro I am today
In honor of my entrance to the world of Twitter, I guarantee a victory in for team 2
Thanks for the follow HipVine!
I want to see twitpics of the tickets if this holds. That's all I'm saying.
I don't but Nate Wright knows some people there. I will call him...
Thank you Obama! I knew you were amazing before but damn!
Always excellent! I was also able to show a new friend the wonders of crunchy PB on a burger.
It is getting close to finals so you know what that means, we are getting busier! Make sure to bring in your projects early.
If getting my wisdom teeth out means an unlimited supply of Frostys, I'm totally okay with that. But I could go for some pancakes.
but I loved Sabrina from Day One
I Love Rapping To Kayne West! Goldigger, Heard Em Say, All of the Lights :D
He just bit his lip again *__*
Done and done.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please please follow me!! U followed my friend !!!! now is it my turn??
RT : Information desk is always a great place to get started. Away we go....
I'm to no communication but idk what I did or do?!
haha you know it
REMINDER: metal detektor ringing as I walk on through the door.
Its along season im normally a rational upbeat guy just ask hope im wrong gonna be a grind #brewers 2012
#TeamInsomniac Still no sleep needed. Still puttin this greatness together at the studio in Compton.
JUST WAITING FOR THE REPLAY. #SAYSOMETHIN <3333
I guess I'll go finish bonding with this geometry now. That was the best video break ever.
Find out who the Wiseguys are betting on in the #tournament here-www.USSportspages.com
720 since my monitor doesn't go up to 1080.
not a chance!!
RT Losers say: Why don't THEY do something? Winners say: Here's something I can do!
Snow thunder over # Loudoun right now. How strange.
not quite sure how I managed to tweet that out, but thanks for sharing. Lol!
Thankful for Mashed potatoes and... #Meditation. Happy #Thanksgiving!
Character is like a tree and a reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. ~ Abraham Lincoln
See Kuhn
Complaining about the inartful exposition is just low hanging fruit that brings me no satisfaction.
does something ADORABLE and it's all love again. James, James, James.
This dude is the funniest... He said bitch know ur role...lmfaooo
Black Friday is gonna be Craaaaaaaaaazzzzzzyyyyyyy!!!
“The only real valuable thing is intuition.”
way to go GREAT CHOICE, LOVE #voice!
I see you walk by, extra fly, baby where you goin? can i roll? <3
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time. - Josh Billings
Building some fancy automated workflows in Drupal. I are cutting the edges.
Thanks for the follow Eric, I look forward to listeing to The Mid Summer Classic
I'd like to thank and for keepin my TL full of laughs tonight!
Thanks to everyone for a great show! A fabulous turnout for a great group of artists!!
NBA should go back to best-of-5 in 1st round. That might make tomorrow's Bulls-Sixers tilt, you know, compelling.
For a nosebleed - Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
pasamee el link :)
oops, meant to say Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes!
You realize that's license for lunatics to send you death threats. ;-D
RARELY do we have two good earthquakes in one day! Wow. 8:17 p.m. another one rocking the East Bay.
lol :D "I can't be no superman but for I'd be superhuman" ha :))
trying to figure out how to get around this new obstacle.
Have some good eats at Cedar Restaurant. Bring your friends along.
Tweet tweet. What did you buy?
thank you
Woo! This all sounds delightful!
#HowToGetRejected yo MySpace page still says.. "Under Construction" 😳
and soup...
son this bitch is crucial....I got the botleg, & still came to see this bitch in imax 3d.....it's really good worth the paper
Strippers now know where to get their Miss America costumes these bikinis are just awful- not cute and not flattering
Oh bummer! Wish I had known! : The one day I'm at the DC studios and isn't here!
#storycorps animation preview so so awesome.
"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
yeah :/ the app i have lets me know all late lol. oh damn we need to get those tickets soon then
me too!
I want some Head💦💦
#RHOA #Peter is a mess
#onlyuglypeoplesay it's what's on the inside that counts
At a 90s themed party. Lots of flannel. I'm doing the running man.
We use more water in a day than we use oil in a year.
Do you think about me still? Do ya, do ya? Or do you not think so far ahead? 'Cause I been thinking 'bout forever <3
*Inhale, exhale* Repeat
I ate some cheesecake and instantly thought hey Gi would love this!
I wish I was sleeping beauty, I swear. I wouldn't have to be awake to wait for my "prince". He's just come to me.
omg I'm in love
can you get me some more followers please ? (: <33
Just heard the incredibly sad news about Junior Seau. Wow. Still remember seeing him play in high school.
they could connect with Christian rock band groups... other youth group members and other city youth groups
Walk in my shoes, then you can judge me. But on the outside looking in.. keep your mouth shut
I want taco fun time!!! Please? I've always wanted to eat tacos with aj and a big headed beautiful lady.
so bored. someone should #Tweet me
I just got chased by a dog, luckily I had on my free runs so I took off on that bitch lol. I forgot how much fun that shit is.
about time we were going 2 suggest a change of #LoveAndHipHop 2 "The HipHop Girlfriends!" w/all the damn cat fights
Last day in Oz... I'll be on a plane to the states by this time tomorrow. Weird!
“: Just realized I've been wearing my bra inside out all day today. Not even sure how that is possible.”Only You
dnt leave the one you love, for the one you like . . .
lol u are so right! I hv to fix it. Thank u son.
So, so glad I was at a movie instead of watching my favorite Bull get hurt. It broke my heart just hearing about it. Feel better, Noah.
if its for PanCan I can help with anything, if not sorry.. :)
: yes, those lunch breaks do help #hotdamn! I should be faster. How are the #wolverines?
A leader isn't there for others to lift up, but is there to uplift others.
Gabrielle is working with Neutrogena to get people screened for skin cancer.
The Achilles’ heel of academia is lack of accountability. The deep-seated fatal flaw of business? The need for management.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else. Charles Dickens
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus. They tremble @ his name. He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
"And I don't want no flat-chested slut. This isn't 4th grade!"
Etta James-RIP
An empty belly is the best cook.
Trying to do something tonight just don't know what.
#favmovielines ''Now let's hear one of those jokes, bitch." --Mike Lowery, "Bad Boys"
Only upon reaching the state of renunciation does one's mind quieten enough to practice meditation and realize the Self.
thanks, but I like my job.
:( how have you been?
~Harriet Goldhor Lerner~ Excellence is not a destination;it is a continuous journey that never ends
hey Pres what do you think of boneless skinless chicken thighs??
Good luck to the #USMNT tonight! Hopefully we'll see , , and play!
Choosing to ignore new music and listening nonstop to Co. Flow's End to End Burners. This is not helping me at parties.
you are so right the haunting of connectlcut is scary AF bro
I've accidentally started a side business of organizing people's messy files & digital photos. Personal & family archives are in trouble.
Good punt by Wile. VaTech ball at the 50
FJOENJFALIHJFLEINFIAFLEA if i got to meet them....i would totally do something bold to make them remember me. ;) ;) ;)
that quote is meaningful thanks lol!
President Obama is visiting my workplace today...
Flying back from Mexico today!
13 days until the battle of Milwaukee rages on! #MURFCballsout Week two of practice starts today at #KingField. Keep the new faces coming!
Is it always a royal pain in the ass to upload images to tumblr? Is this a hint to reblog instead of uploading new stuff?
#BOGO is in full swing ! There's a lot of new faces tonight ! Cute ones at that !
Thanks for the Shout Out. Hope you follow back. We're pretty awesome!
Thanks to all our Veterans and their families
I'm at the Sunset tonight with and Doors at 9pm, $8 benefits Homeward Pet Adoption Center.
Thank god there is only 14days of school left ! I cant stand this place anymore!
Is Joseph hurt!?!?
miss ta too
and I love how we would be dancing to it while we were saying how much we hated it hahA
Looks like it won't be ready til tomorrow, girlie! He's still got a few more things to do!
When you want your coaches daughter to come to the game
This that cuddle weather...!
Sometimes I think I need to check out diff bands, but I just don't have the patience. If the music doesn't grab me, it irritates me.
sorry my typing was so incoherent on the chat haha! it's hard to do both at the same time, film and type hehe
Finally! Hotel and airfare booked for #MCC, NYC here I come!
Bus finally showed only to have to still pay Goethe ride bc bus driver said he was here but 35 people that were waiting were not #fail Mbta
People who know me well know I tend to get man-crushes. They are almost always musicians. Am I alone in this? Nate Ruess of fun. #amiright?
I think you are giving too much credit
Did i ever tell you that my most beloved childhood stuffed animal that i carried everywhere was a boy lion named "Jenny."
Anything D's is awesome :D
reelect me
My single 11:11 is on itunes !! Check it out!!
tonight! but late I think lol :/
are you serious? is that even legal?
Stay positive all you hard working people! You're more than half way through the work week!
kinda like tips, 2 on 2, one team tips for 1 point, and the other team each shoot a three from 5 spots, and then you switch.
I really hope "raja unka raja hey" is played tonight at paradigm.
I jss think its better that we not be together right noww... But im still torn about it...
Congratulations to one of the best singers ever (: you are The Voice !!!!!! (:
taught me how to tilt ma life !!! :D
I made an instagram. Who has one, I want to learn to use it
Love my Aeropress. Got it instead of a French Press &B. I'll put the expresso from my $20 Aeropress against a $1,000 machine.
You are freaking hilarious!
YEAH BUDDY!!!!
In under 30 min has your tix to & Listen for your cue!
At the dawn adhān "Pray is better than sleep." Wails from the towers.
Enjoying this day with the highest appreciation for the simple things I've been blessed with. :)
So the new guitar is a martin?
Problem is we'll never know when it really ends. Ownership will fudge the numbers even beyond the point of believability.
I just ordered a Gary Fong collapsible lightsphere. Anyone have feedback to offer?
Hmm...makes sense. But it hadn't occurred to me.
xD considering you live on the other side of the US xD P.L.U.R.<3
Um yeah.
Glorious, majestic are his deeds, and his righteousness endures forever. - Psalms 111:3
Hey Whats good man!
. Where does . stand on #MTR? Does she know that peer-reviewed science shows it's poisoning WV's babies in the womb?
15 minutes till it starts and a block away a group of Woodridge Elementary 5th graders unfurl their banner.
#M3Logic adds accountability to your existing Medeco mechanical system while providing loss and liability control
Become educated and you will know why, instead of having to ask stupid questions of strangers
Press Conference with , , at 6pm in
so true...gotta see jacoby steal home again.
My mother just told me i cant tweet again until twelve. Whuuuuut
TRAK is seeking a #Metadata Management #Librarian in #DC! Contact me for details!
No matter what may happen jakes my baby , & always will be.
“: I broke into my friends house last night and stole his TV remote and now I drive by and Change the channel hahaha
looks like it will be 4 on 4 for two minutes, 2nd time this quarter
ok i can deal
Girls From New York Are Cool
The co. dont want you to pay the bill. And we see a big bill & don't know how to negotiate are resolution or affordable terms
Putting the finishing touches on the Rails gauntlet, er, workshop at
RT : #Cancer: Emotional, Cautious & Reliable.
so Wiltjer just got posterized. How bad on a scale of 1 to Kendrick Perkins?
"I figured out some gay chords that go together really well." - the Inimitable Sean Irby.
sad face...come home w/dad tomm
lol. I loathe that company and everything it represents.
SpeedReels has been sleeping at the tweeting wheel. Now SpeedReels has #tweetarrhea. And yes, SpeedReels refers to himself in the 3rd person
you are sups cute lol :)
And weeps RT BB World starts and stock falls.
#AtlanticWoW 21,000 children under the age of 5 die each day of completely preventable causes. Children should be defined by age not border
Not feeling too confident about this one
Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol
Anytime :) RT Thanks for the follow Aaron and the advice
Everyone should know you're my big gay brother who protects me. Haha :)
We may be a coffee house but we have great Hot Cider & Hot Chocolate! Great for a cold day!! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House -
my cousins finally fouund a guy with their picky selfs!! so happy for them!!
Thanks for the RT !
No. I cant allow such a thing.
hah lol i got you sorry im extra LATE
they shouldnt ever think about it
Claude Bernard~ Man can learn nothing unless he proceeds from the known to the unknown.
Nets are on Dwight's list. Wouldn't that be the Nets plan? DWill and Howard?
I've been great! How are you? I miss you!
well!! You slept for 3 hours! You deserved it :) 💗
I know, right?!
tired as hell from last night
This is great I use the cintiq, how do you compare?
good points but which is which? Color on a high ceiling?
Darn. I cant watch 's Ustream.
blake follow me please im ur biggest fan
Life, Above it all
Takes a little liquid courage to get through some of that stuff eh? ;)
Results worth having can only be achieved by combining worthy ideals and practical good sense. T. Roosevelt
I totally want to say something. but it would be too awkward
but God!!! He's bathed me in support and love, from every corner of campus. strangers have told me that my story changed them. strangers.
Sogard wears the Johnny Grubb style glasses.
summer classes ?!?
haha miss u!!
Just downloaded that new Consignment
Having a great day so far!!!!
Fall OUtn ah! I gona miss samuel larsen (canT take my fone)
Good morning ready to see what my day is going to be like
I hear ya.
I love you momma. Sorry I've been worrying about James and stuff. But I know you know how much he meant to me and I know, that since he took
I saw a smashed KFC bucket on classen.I couldn't help but think...Even if they're fried, chickens will try to cross the road
Ah!! Hamsters shuffling to Party Rock Anthem! Best.Commercial.Ever
We would be delighted to send you some! Please send your address to Catherine Shawki at
Durags in the year 2012 + should only be worn to Sleep or in closed areas like your house /room
i don't know these ppl
Join us Sat night @ 7 @ Orleans Arena to watch the Wrangler Hockey team: a portion of ticket sales benefits the Henderson Libs Foundation.
What are you doing drinking beer, milk and green tea? Tiss tiss ;)
Well I got my computer up and running. Needs a new battery, so I will be shopping around for one, feeling much better about it.
my lip hurts
Hey #UWMadison students: don't forget that we accept !
Warning to Obama Administration:Israel is America's one true ally in the Middle East. DO NOT SCREW WITH ISRAEL!
So, why does Fannee Doole from that old TV show "Zoom" like some things and not other things?
Data integration in to #Facets and #Amisys just got even faster with #Foxtrot v7.0. The send data feature is up to 300% faster in 7.0.
its unlisted! haha
HAVE YOUR LIVING ROOM FURNITURE AND BEDROOM FURNITURE SET ASSEMBLY BY THE EXPERTS. WE ASSEMBLY ANYTHING THAT COME IN FLAT PACK BOXES
Hey ! Waiting on your track! Please send soon - ! Ciao!
Appears someone got into our account and sent tweets about us showing you how to make money from home. Sorry about that....wasn't us.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
trust me i kno
Just got home. Should be getting up in an hour and a half... Oh well. Gonna stay up and eat.... then go to school.
Ugh..god . Just leave me the fuck alone for the day
I feel you, im Going with a group today it's killing me inside.
My mom is basically right. It's like I can almost never be on time to anything -_-
No class tomorrow means i can finally get all my work caught up
I think your right. I almost didn't even send it on...but the headline is way too funny...I feel bad for the guy though.
I tried looking up price but web site broken or work computer no me deja. Do you remember the price?
I thought I was your dream man
hey GUYS....can't u see my photo after?
Why do these grown ass lil girls think yelling and screaming their business on the bus is cute? They need some damn #guidance smh
RT New & returning college students: The Philadelphia Orchestra has a FREE college concert, Oct. 6: vstphl.ly/q92HQL
Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game
Sit quiety, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
Just got a hair cut
Today I decided to quit drinking until further notice. The only 6 pack I'm interested in is under my shirt ;)
Two naps + a burrito later, I'm still hungover. Only when I party with the crew.
Love when that happens :)
bc it will have an L next to the iowa state game
Q7 Really Rosie - the TV movie
Dear Tostitos, make your dip jars shorter and wider so your chips can actually fit inside them. Thanks
Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day.
I want to be followed by Jake T. Austin and I'll never give up until he sees me.
Does that mean we have Neil LaBute to thank for "Wow...just, wow"?
Now in Clapp LLR: "libraries as space for teaching, learning & research" event
Got school in the a.m #goodnight <3
Please make a "Cocktail Time" pennant.
hi Jo Jo I work near by can u get me in?
Baseball workouts with Ethan, then getting ready for game time!
The new cut is coming along. Time to really tighten the screws and get this thing ready for the world.
There's more than one way to Be A Voice for an abused or neglected child in need: www.voices4.org.
Why the hell is Star Jones doing political commentary on the ? The better question is why am I watching this garbage?
Cutting my toenails
coming up at 11: musicians unite in memory of a girl who was murdered in August. Hear the message her family wants people to take away.
what did ur dad say
I have 750 facebook friends, so NO! I'm glad they dont see my twitter. -_-
Hahahaha I know I know. I'm just kidding
haha you like it 👍
Happy Mothers Day!
who you going to the game with tonight?
Good call, yo.
Thanks for following me!! I love RadioMeltdown!!
Foster The People sold out 1 min after they went on sale, any chance for a true fan to get tix?
RT : "We still have a 19th century model of education... We learn by doing," said Ray Kurzweil. #SXSW #SWSWedu < Muscle memory!
i decided i wont touch anything so i dont hav to wash my hands. especially door knobs. id walk ard with a kitchen tissue n use it to handl
Somebody put this game on Rookie mode and turned the sliders all the way up for OKC lol
that ain't the #BestTextMessage that would be getting one from a hot chic saying she's dtf lmfao
Thursday Gold is on today! $6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of adult beverage. U can't beat that deal w/ a stick.
they are loud!
lmao i got you
Leon Panetta meeting w/ sailors & Camp Pendleton marines aboard USS Peleliu to show Pentagon's committment to ships amid cuts
Thank you Karmic, we're looking forward to your tweets, don't forget to #ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
same to you! Cm happy hour sometime in Feb?
damn straight.
Every time I come to LA I think of the crazy week Photobydog spent out here.
Cross River Rivalry is going to be epic!!
hi Kevin, where tues in Boston?? My son and I seeing u at Coolidge on thurs. can't wait :)
Wow just wow.
hey thx reader at Purdue and in Plano TX for being interested in Touraine (or maybe it was the "instead of Habermas" that got you?
We made a bond from the very beginning... I found my homie && my best friend. Imma be there for ya till the very end, no matter what.
Whats up #twitter long time no tweet!
I Love Philip!!
Please follow me(: 28
I still do that...
AS A FILMMAKER, THERE IS NOTHING MORE IMPORTANT THAN TO CAPTIVATE YOUR AUDIENCE AND SUSPEND THEIR RELAITY IF EVEN ONLY FOR 1.5 HRS.
My Uncle Parker is a bit dodgy. He's ripped off so many pensioners the government are thinking of making him Honorary Chancellor
Part man, part pillow, all carnage.
Nigga where's your
can I get a follow back please? :)
RT : Congratulations Maya Ardon and Catherine Pena on your 2011-12 Hallmark Awards... way to represent the SRC!
Hegel hunny cat ya tongue dont look so funny Mr. Comedian , jokes on you and you lost the bet so.where's my money
no sadly :/
Agree RT think etiquette & tone are different? < etiquette should still apply tone may be different
Riding the merry-go-round with Finn
im jealous of the seventh graders. I wanna go back to dc!!!
“: Girls who talk in fake baby voices<<<< #tryingtoohard #annoying #notcute” khloe kardashian = queen of baby voice
I don't think I've felt more shitty about anything in my entire life.
Good Morning :)
After more than a decade in the Warner Bros. family, Reprise SVP of Promo Mike Rittberg is leaving.
what's your next move?
I text u:)
#tweet #tweet hehe I just tweeted you ;)
Wonder if the cd man has Trey yet, $3 expect more pay less
Hey there! I know this is short notice but are you available tomorrow from 7-10pm for promo work? Its a tech event in the city.
glad to see you back!
hearing that voice again after long time : exhilirating!
why is my dad talking about politics does he realize I don't care or know what he's saying
I'll be keeping an eye on both for sure. Thanks!
I need some sushi in my life. Like right now.
Someone please follow me quick, I've got 666 followers.
nice resource! “: vimeo music store has saved my butt for music. For pay, but affordable for no-budg productions.
I'm so guilty of this, but never let work get in the middle of your relationships.
Looking forward to our day of service tomorrow at Sarah's House! Thanks to for coordinating everything!
Feel like I hit lotto, found a greenapplesauce pouch 4 my 8MO DD 2take her med & I thought we were all out!
Far Far Far Away .
Trigga - Don't Judge.. Would u think a nigga rude if I said I want 2 Fuck right now
Weather in San Miguel de Allende has been fab. 80F every day. Been playing music every day. Mexico City gigs were killin'. More 2 come.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!;)
Memorizing, memorizing. Seems like that's all I do these days. :D hooray!
#20ThingsAboutMe when I'm down I just watch videos n I'm better : )
It is about $. This is pure political move by Walker to defund Democrats. Walker doesn't touch civil service (worker protect)
focus!! Haha I hope you have a great day. :)
- Thanks for the recent #FF. I appreciate the thought.
You nailed it! Congrats.
The Happiest of Birthdays to the Very Talented and Beautiful Lauren !
Girls night out Saturday!! Woo hoo!
your new #Boyfriend has been on repeat since 5am :)) <3 I cant wait for #BELIEVE to come out
you do. How's your Casio working for you?
Tired... but cant fall asleep now... fml I hate this house!!!
All you idiots that go to those parties/concerts where you get paint all over you, look like you were ejaculated on by giant clowns.
sweep, sweep, sweep.
I always know how to handle the situation, it comes from inner peace...
Thanks for the follow. Best luck with The NIght Trade!
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
We'll be there
Sometimes i wish i could just drink to where i dont have to wake up to this bullshit world
Fully engaged job-hunting underway. Communications, writing, editing fields. If anyone knows who's hiring, please send the info my way! thnx
Thanks Ann! We think we stand out on a bit on our own!!
I made it my bitch last night.
Totes prefer Monsterpiece Theatre. RT : The me who hates Masterpiece Theater is overwhelming the me who loves "Downton Abby"
Cant wait to watch and perform! #MagicCookie think you are two HOT COOKIES!!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm never gonna use this.
you hate Milwaukee don't you, Buster? Is it because our cows drink beer and eat brats and you'd never raise a cow that way?
Tonight NetworkingPhoenix.com Signature Event @ Princess Resort 6pm-9pm Free event, 1,500+ guests, biz connections, special guests and more!
She got hit hard ass shit
You were into Serenity/Firefly, right? Wasn't there a decent amount of action in those? Not too far off from comics as geeky/genre?
Lmao, what a coincidence !
Easter is the day to pull out your favorite linen suit. Even if it's chilly!
RT : I think Zach's trying to get Blake to react, but I don't think he's aware of how aware Griffin is. Aware.
Good morning!! It's work time. Let's get it!
I like my music, real loud, real loud. Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now.
woke up with some inspiration finished writing the lyrics
meanie head! You have cooties!
Wait is it annoying or clever? lol
you're fuckin famous.
I saved her one piece of bacon...but it was the best piece.
I know a startup looking for a technical co-founder, you could be a good fit. msg me for more info!
is creeping. LOL
I notice you're giving a different kind of #Mother'sDay sermon on 5/8: #infertility Looking fwd to hearing it
Judicial scholars agree: Robert Bork is a complete nutbag. Bork is Romney's constitutional advisor!
Shout out to my new followers ( :
by me.
“: "I now pronounce you husband and wife, the bride may kiss me now."” lol
1-0! Verlander picks up right where he left off.
Following! Thanks!
you should call me for my birthday and sing or something? ;) lol it's in like 2wks!
I've ordered two more Tailgaters, the self-pointing HD satellite dishes that RV enthusiasts are going nuts over. For DISH Network use only.
you guys were amazing I had time in Mobile, Alabama you are now my favorite band ever! Follow back thanks! =)
Great response boys
Mr. James has done it again!
i got a good chuckle out of that... #bigots&mormons
If Life's A Bitch, I Guess I'm Trying To Fuck The World.
Back from Christa McAuliffe Technology Conference and reality is knocking on my door. Grades out tomorrow. Check out the chatter at
oh yeah...i watched that one...and kg hit the 3 to lose by 1
Them three
Got nicest card ever from ! First bit of real mail(=non bill) was a good one :)
We have tickets to the Showbox Market on 10/16 with -- Email, tweet, message - whatever you gotta do, we'll get you tickets.
Providing green cleaning products for a better future! Safer is better! Call us today (586) 663 0054
Ledge averted. I see the good for this year only, but I am skurd of our recruiting.
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | The New Hot Hip Hop Caribbean Artist, Ku-J | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Wow where the fuck is my batman and robin VHS
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
Right now I am babysitting and unable to sleep due to one of the kids being unable to sleep. Etsy.com is down for maintenance right now.
Me too. And I went to both schools RT when I was young that was the game...
Air Force did as well RT Not often a school fires a head coach to hire his assistant
I cried today at school . It was embarrassing but people were being so mean to me , I just had to let it all out .
Not going to the star-studded #TF3PremiereLive in #NYC, but I'm proud to go to the hero-studded #TF3 Premiere here in #DC w/ the troops.
cuz u do~
Be on TV, promote #NAWBO and support WHYY for an on-air telethon Thursday, 6/9, 5-11 p.m. Reply back or DM if interested!
i like the blk/volt 2's they got and the 3s
Thanks for the RTs!
They said they had a witness when they did not. Didn't matter; we were going to trial. They dismissed!
I guess thats just part of being a new author
what disagreements? :)
RT : Tech folks who 'don't like ad biz models' very often propose an 'alternative' that is the exact definition of an ad...
Why are these opening day tickets for the Marlins so damn expensive!?
this made me think of you RT Proper grammar is sexy.
There's a moment in Traubel's bio of Whitman where W. just decides to pronounce "does" as "dues". So you're in good (weird) company.
Thanks for the inquiry! Currently, we don't have a functional online storefront, but we may be able to arrange a sale via e-mail.
5 Minutes #BOYFRIEND !!!!! :D
Me & finna start on our album.!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. Keep eating brocolli & you'll learn to love it! What gets your butt off the couch?
Ah, that's just as fun. I really want to go to one someday. Have fun!
did you see the sensory (sensorial?) exhibit?
The wickets certainly aren't staying up long at Old Trafford today
im doing good still I think once I get into a 12 im done I don't wanna lose too much weight the P90x getting a little easier
Rangers Hold Off Caps 2-1 in Game 7 It took memorable efforts and moments from their two most heralded players, but the Rangers withstood
I will have 2 picks this week if the market stabilizes, otherwise I do not want to give picks that will lose short term.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Roger girls love
RT : British citizen killed in #Domodedovo airport blast - law enforcement source
You too my friend! Monday Funday!
You two need to get to Phat Burrito and Price's ... stat.
Most people here a song, and they think of a specific lyric. I always seem to recollect whom I liked when I heard that song.
there's nothing sadder than knowing someone is lying when they do it.
Very sad - RT : #Puyallup tribal spokesman says Daffodil Princess Alexandria Cole committed suicide. Self inflicted gunshot.
Boy: You wanna hear a joke about my penis? Wait, It's too long. Girl: Well, you wanna hear a joke about my vagina? Wait,You'll never get it.
#NowPlaying "Moving Forward" by Israel Houghton on #Pandora "the past is over"
To be successful
Are you ready for some baseball?!
When the American people are paying high gas prices, Republicans are celebrating. Is it the way it is supposed to be in a democracy? Pity!
Why he keep calling me from his Cell.... The Maim Frame
sure thing! As promised, I just #FF'd you--hope it gets you some followers today.
You totally ROCK J!!!!! MWAH!
The mom from cyberbully reminds me a lot of my mom.. :)
It'd be nice to get a piece back for him, maybe a sign-and-trade for a bench scorer though.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. Benjamin Franklin
so when u get back tell me what they said and stuff
Jeniffer Hudson tribute to Whitney Huston? Shits getting real.
Change yourself and fortune will change with you.
Stock Futures Dip as Traders Mull Corporate News, Data
Nope, I'm not a fish fry person.
Acck! Didn't see this until just now. Oh well, there's next year, right?
Haha #webad So your going to stay at the bistro or are you starting another job?” starting another and staying at bistro
I haven't tweeted in a will
#SOTU Clean energy here we come. YEAH!
I love Madison just for who he is! (:
@ school getting my raise wo0o0! 982 a week now!
Poutine just jumped into the lead with 2 votes! Meanwhile, go get the poutine ...
MSG plus appears to be off the air. TWC listings just say "sign off." what's going on?
Just hanging out with my family enjoying this day of rest... God is good!!!
It's like my laundry doesn't know it should fold itself
Not sure why I wasn't using these all year. Won't make that mistake again.
Back from Sunny Calif. - Great Time Singing & also hit the PNB Paribas Tennis!
Gender differences found in how spaces are perceived as "safe" or "unsafe"
Band of Skulls = an awesome band with two amazing albums. Take them out as an opener this summer!
#FunFact: #Greyhounds long back legs make it so they virtually never choose to sit down! Our pups are standing & ready for action @ 7:25p!
Holiday sale on Cloud Browse NOW through New Year's Day!
in the words of my mom "go get 'em tiger" :P congrats
Grades submitted. Where's my sunblock?
better one: the “tittle” is the name of the dot over the lowercase letters i and j.
Good morning!
NAPA we keep america running TO THE OTHER AUTOPARTS STORES!!
Voting for SAC Chair starts this morning at 9 am and goes until 9 pm tomorrow. Make sure you vote! One vote per SAC group.
That's 2 N's now.. Grossmann*
sup doe
is off to work again..why couldn't I have been born rich instead of good looking?? LOL
if only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desperately ♥♪♫
If I call 's house and ask him to prom will his mom make him say yes or...
Eating burrito. Boss mentioned I was remarkably calm. Not claustrophobic. Slightly worried elevator would careen down the shaft. It didn't.
Taylor Swift??? Really? She's not even true country music! My vote would have went to No pop in his country
well lets just kidnap him too lol so you can (;
we're taking names & signing up shifts at the Team Pike planning meeting & phone bank!
Q:“Let the son of appointed daughter first present a funeral cake to his mother, then to her father, the funeral to his father s father.”
Why is it that with all the information accessible today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are?
We've got tickets to the and show at on Feb 3rd for only $8 ($10 at the door)! Hit us up!
you're welcome! Thank you so much!!!
There are no prerequisites, other than a good attitude and general interest in ballroom dancing. Don't worry if you think you don’t have rh…
(William James) The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
lol my mama can't go to the club
My night has been made! thanks
calm down. We can get you some scrapple! ;-)
Oh bummer! Well, I'm sure we'll see you on one of our many the rides this summer - or at least I hope we will.
that train sounds very heartburn-inducing. soup is not breakfast food.
Yankees vs Reds(;
I was there from like 3-5pm. Figured you were working.
Didn't test hello world. Used an infinite setTimeout to fill queue. Not CPU/Mem bound, socket bound/artificially limited?
last night I had a wonderful dinner with my dissertation advisor and former colleagues from UChicago! Fun!
it is definitely a different mentality and lifestyle, although we are working hard to improve it.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores from 35 yards thanks to a goal keeping mistake! Hala Madrid 2 -0 !
now I have like an hour to kill while my oil is being changed >.<
Thank you very much, Sarah =)
Good job Miley
I'm finally home. All I want to do is take a nap :)
Got my sample ballot. Who wants my vote for the 77th Central Committee?
Whether you’re looking to ramp down your cigarette smoking, or just want a fresh take on your smoke break, ecigs are a great option.
Brewers didn't win the NLCS, but we really want to give that weber grill away. Stay tuned.
I love your attitude; being positive is inspiring right?
#SuperBowl game today! Favorite #SuperBowl #commercial from last year was the #StarWars' #DarthVader #Commercial! What was yours?
One of the great female warriors of fiction! #josswhedonrules : Thanks, Keith. BtVS is to me what Star Wars is to you.
Beans, I guess, are a natural digestive aid, right?
Start spreadin' the news….: Are you a closet geek whose prime focus is to visit the world's literary destinations? Are you at one in ...
Oh yeah, and my aunt and uncle reminded me that I was exorcised 3 times as a child. Too bad it didn't work!! <g> Love y'all though. Miss ya'
guerilla marketing in the airport
!!!!!!!! RT : #LastTimeIChecked Smoking weed isn't punishable by death.
12 minutes left >
Hey how are you, we would love to submit some trax to you, Im Dre from The Orphanz™
I haven't been able to eat for two days, I haven't slept. Fuck depression /: I need to get the fuck outta my house..
Last night for Dancing With My Demons www. missingpiecetheatre.com. - "One Funny Latina" - that's not me, I directed!
we made them tonight! All toppings you want, must use waffle cones & heavy duty foil
#ThingsMyMotherSays you should play baseball again
Comcast is down. no tv or internet at my house. too much rain... ridiculous.
Nothing like a little yoga to awaken your senses
Good for you! Although I always find it a bit unsettling when people drop out of doctoral programs in philosophy. :)
In honor of #InternationalWomansDay, I wanna thank my mom for always believing in me when I didn't believe in myself.
Let ya guard down..we can chill on tha low, aint nobody gotta know..
Anything from Kyle Mills. Maybe Rising Phoenix. BTW, Rounders is by-far my favorite movie. Thanks for making it.
I just had a holy shit moment and the euphoria from that is overwhelming me.
can we all get together when you get back?!
I love. I can't help it. It's like breathing.
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
What makes you consider a form of entertainment "smart"? Does that make it better? When do you like "dumb" entertainment?
Headed to PG Plaza to go check out The Avengers.... and flaked on me so I am riding solo!
Just had the best lil 5 minute Convo ever with Z.P First thing she yeld was "Whasssup Bruhh!!" Lol havent talked to her in a Long time!
I'm trying 2 figure out a way 2 message all WA State loan officers to protect their buyers from They will steal your loans
good point.
me too. </3 you really need to visit! We could have so much fun!
White house Gingerbread house weighs 400 pounds!
text him. right now.
I fuck up, I'm forgetful, and I can be stuck in my ways, but I'm loyal, and I always keep my word, and I will NEVER let u down.
Adorn Your house Like an expert with These Easy Methods
they're choosing random winners. they aren't choosing based off of looks.... I'm so mad.
a skill I always feel the need to improve upon.
I would agree. I think we need to develop a new cigar vitola and patent it :)
« If you do your best...#god will do the rest!»
Happy 40th Earth Day- do a few things a lttle greener
touché! Will you now post about beer or golf??? Miss ya bro!
I'm losing my mind because of u!
I have a very good friend who is in the t-shirt making business - feel free to DM me for info!
When Austin says "Burnin' up" it makes me think of the Jonas Brothers(; haha
in my room. Whhy?
By the way......he was Chi-Town's very own And pretty much the father of Hip-Hop Yeah I said it!
Davis is fun to watch in the middle. I wish I was in Nola for the game!
plans are canceled.. thanks
Just being here in vegas gets me even MO *takes breath* ORE excited for EDC!!!
oh fuck thats brutal o.o
That was #2 on my list. I liked War Horse and Hugo too. Haven't seen Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close or Moneyball yet.
In route to the Fam!
blugh!:/ it keeps storming here
She was not a celebrity, but she was my sister and she died of ovarian cancer in 2008. She was my celebrity, the wind beneath my wings.
: I'm jealous hah , Your Lucky<3. Hope you have funn (:
The dog discussion is to avoid the real talk on real issues.
My weight is high but I'm movin' on. Watch me twirl a dumbbell like a baton. Like a baton. My lifting is dead on. I am a swan!
Funnel cake truck driving through campus!!!
I like to watch the dog
nothing much u?
so, yeah in the house. #TCDisrupt talking about drama...
Great to see Bernie Sanders & Al Frankenstein sitting next to one another
Movie recommendation is Prince in "Purple Rain"
Shout out to
what is next for you? Have you gotten any record contract calls? You were fantastic and totally deserved the win last night.
so, just checked specs and world market (online). May just have to bite the bullet and bake them myself
if u talk about ppl in real life, get on fb/twitter & act like you're cool with them.....#fake&blocked!
ha :) I HOPE YOU FOLLOW .
All you gotta do is listen .....
you don't have to sync your whole google account, just go into settings and calendars on the phone. Good luck!
My partner, who owns eXtasy Books, had a reviewer rave a book wasn't edited...because it had UK spelling.
are you tired, cause you've been running through my mind all day.
Aliens are real.. If you don't believe that go suck a dick
I'm hoping it's good even if it's not like the show. Kind of like 'The Addams Family' ?
I'm rooting for u but I would like to know what makes u a creole expert? R I from New Orleans?
so confused me !!!! I don't want OK?
The point of getting a job is so you can get more stuff not so you have to pay for the things your used to getting.
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top. Paul Coffe
Thanks for the #FF and I wasn't on Twitter friday, I was busy moving.
Follow they will #retweet all #dm you send them! They #follow back.
I'm feeling pretty lonely today. Think I will go outside and try to cheer up :(
Thanks for the shout out! : )
We should be back by then.
Thanks for the follow! Wow you have an adorable shop on etsy! Love it!
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
is Eve Best really pregnant??
Of course! We'd love to hear your feedback!
mdoll: Just sent email to NY Chapter about #slaname change and Align in '09. When do we hear proposed new name(s)? Gloria/Janice?
Feel crap :/
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE...
I forgot there was a ghost rider 2! Maybe ill go get it on bootleg lol!
Congrats on your book...I've been thinking about doing the same...just got my first article published...any advice on the subject
Pt3 Indian Man: Yes. All young men want to fist one another. Though you are large and look like you could handle a fisting.
IM NEEDING MANAGEMENT FOR MY MUSIC. HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU
your welcome! (:
Our team, our city, our coach, our fans.....we earned this.
ill find out who moves on to round 2 on the 16th
I still think that #shazam is magic
San Diego uses less water, but sees rates increase.
This time she tweeted inflamed curiosity
cool cool be safe
interesting stat. Majority minority counties supported it. Some of which went 65% Obama in 08.
Just saw a dog get hit on 93. My mom along with so many people got out and waited til the police and help came. Worst day. Cried so much.
Nope! Just a short delay! I just moved so I've been a lot busier than usual. Soon...I'll start again!
What is a Thai Sports Massage? Think Acupressure + Stretching + Swedish + Deep Tissue + Neuromuscular Therapy + More
Italian: bambino, tu mi fai sorridere English: baby you make me smile ♥
at LeadsOnline working on Press Releases. Yay! It feels great to not be stuck in the house alone!
The Storm capitalize off of good field position with a touchdown pass from Wasil to Williams. Tampa Bay leads 35-10.
Now thru 5/20! Backwoods Burger: chuck patty, fried pimento mac & cheese, crispy kale, red onion, smoked ham, Amer. bacon & tomato chutney.
I love you too
That gave my a serious headache , k thanks.
The Governor and The Donald Team Up for Wine (Wine Spectator) Plus, a vine robot that does it all, serious Burgundy wine fraud and Three
Are we certain Shulman and Francona aren't talking about the Pirates and PNC?
It would be cool if #Apple bought
Anybody interested in a communications job with an Episcopal church diocese in Rochester, contact me! Good pay, hours. Work with my mom!
Random girl hit me up hour.. text me: 724-494-0795
“I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.” B Davis
7s team looking good, working hard and coming up a tad short. is up next
ok, ok. I'm finally here people!! now what? :)
Just registered for
Will be checking out #seochat for the first time tonight.
Just played in the most humid gym. Cannot. Stop. Sweating.
All or Nothing
How come when you kid is hurting, you hurt too...if not more. Love my boy....
OKEY. what time?
Howdy! You came up as a recommendation by twitter as someone similar.
Great nite of Comedy
great- don't get me wrong, by the way, #omeka works really well for my purposes. And Neatline is amazing.
Cuddling with my boyfriend <33
I believe life starts at
Love it when other local guys get outraged too. Says a lot. Be open minded boys!
yes i did
MADONNA!!!!! NUFF SAID! Even at 67 years old.... She still got it! LOL
Anyone wanna golf today?
1940 census rocks!
K & J Magnetic's.inc... Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you people do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
Thanks for the affirmation ... I'm humbled, blessed, and just all His!
I'm afraid you're probably right.
Fucking with me you won't be feeling them legs
Does anyone have any advice on how 2 get my #fundraiser out there? I have tried a lot with not much success. Any help is greatly appreciated
you are very welcome! I hope you enjoy it! Sorry you couldn't make it to the event! :)
Coming this Wednesday, our 2nd Anniversary Show, with friends like #timrunshismouth, #marcavonevans, #annq, and two from
You're supposed to be at work at 7...you woke up late so you be here by 11am...
aye shut the fuck up cuz in the end u aint shit bitch.
Com'on Phins.
all of my siblings joined in! i never knew my sisters vagina would be so soft <3 - lauren
I just wrote the most depressing evaluation of my life ever.
Cowboys coach and if you think they are a playoff team next season?
A big fuck you to North Carolina today. I hope Minnesota peeps are better than that in November!
- Can you share the results of this survey with the rest of us in the tweeosphere?
Another long day done. One more lecture tomorrow, and the semester is basically done. But, so much left to do in the next week.
its 11:11 i wish you would see this tweet that i tweet you at every 11:11 and maybe u can RT it this time or tweet me back?(:
I can't understand these black people at steak n shake
Did all TBBT stars make it to the Staples Center too? ;) RT : Ok Lakers this is cute but you're kind of making me nervous.
Its been awhile, practice today going good, gettin ready 4 oct 30th show at VZD's!!!
Wish it didn't end on this note, but I will have to continue to cheer for him regardless of where he goes.
nah it's was from McDonalds I had later that night
I'm sure! If only I lived closer - wait... its cold up there now! :)
Ive been riding the commuter rail for almost a year and I dont think the wifi has worked once.
I like eating and all but im getting fed up with this whole "needing to eat every day" thing. your so needy stomach
If "noggin" takes an apostrophe, does that mean it's short for "nogging"?
Jack Squad 2 Casting Soon
I hope the guy that asked Kobe after Game 1 "Can You Guys Guard Them", asks something similar tonight.
lol I know.
Have a good run!!
Thanks! Cool contributions!
Live demo tip: write up an SOP for future reference, including all tech requirements and logins. Thank me later.
following this story all day. thanks for finding this.
Ill have to build an ark in that pussy ☔
Thanks to for my first and sweetest senior letter. #loveyoulittlechode #🎉💗
We say Ward's House of Prime!
I lied apparently I can write pop!!! #doesitmatterifidontunderstandit not kidding I'm trying to find the songs meaning
bout time ya little slut! So stubborn.
just sometimes, like for going to the beach and get tanned, laying on the sand and swimming
Man...need to get back to running...That winter weather slowed me down... but it's back on, now that it's nice here in Minneapolis...
This keynote is exactly what I needed to hear after leaving a successful 12 year position to chase my dreams. Thanks,
Running barefoot through the streets of Barcelona in the rain. LOL! I will remember this night forever!
what's so funny nigga?
reviewed Black Joe Lewis last year. an enjoyable album.
nothing that I'm not used too
Knighthawks Fans: Friday's game will be a WHITEOUT! Come to the game wearing WHITE! RT to spread the word.
oh. my new nephew [Bryson] is a mexican mexican. not like the rest of us that are white mexicans. lol. still cute though.
anytime- just name. Will barter terrier tomato guard for caprese...yumyum! :)
