I meant your raw supplies, the resins you use. We buy used bulk packaging, have a large secondary markets for boxes and FIBC's
Dear morning workout, is it possible we meet tonight for a nightcap at 9. I promise I will work extra hard. Thank you
Over/Under on # of times your interview with Cal will be played this week? "UK is the only team in the Commonwealth" 21...go
There is no denying that our nation is divided more than ever under the Obama Administration
My thoughts were busy today.
what is that? Choke in the 4th mode?
In a perverse variation of Keynes’s hypothetical cure for recession—
Haha! I'm Glad I Didnt Miss It! (:
Everyday a star is born & dats why B$E™ is a #Life_Changer follow us we follow back #Team_B$E
miss ya more!
Hmm...what time you headed down?
just got a new mix of a new song that we are very close to releasing. this shit is gonna be great. features S-Star of
We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world. -J Danforth Quayle
HELLO cameron! how r u?
Guilty pleasure-My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding-I know, I know
Wow, summer is here. Pella's Designer Series triple-pane = U-factor of .28 and SHGC of .24!!! Replacement by Pella emp. Call Jeff 362-0529!
The cab driver is rocking out to "I will survive". Bad breakup? Lol
Teach me how to scream(;
At the crib chyllin twitter followers was poppin...
A huge guy fell off his bar stool and landed on me shoving my rib cage into a table. Woke up with a nice bruise 👎
is pretty much my favorite Earthling. I 1st saw Danny Trejo song on youtube and it was on like Donkey Kong ever since.
idk! Just get ur ass to my house whenever and me and lornaamompala will be waiting
NOW I CAN FINALLY FIT IN
RT : SERIOUSLY? Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale THIS week?! Is that a joke.
I messed up 3 of my nails on the way to an audition. Not having high hopes that I'll book this one.
Reading a few funny scripts for today's coachings...Good films will be coming out in 2010!!!
Yes, together.
yes please :) if I ever need help with my French homework, I'll come to you
Wow, that really puts things into perspective. I knew they were dense, but not *that* dense.
Just experienced my first Yom Kippur break-the-fast feast. Amazing & delish! Feels like I'll be atoning for my sins again tomorrow though.
In 24 hrs I'm gonna get Chuck'd stupid by and They can Chuck me all season long, baby.
Im so hungry :/
you could say that kind of. I've taken in these two and an opossum this spring so far but I can't do anymore or my mom's
aw. You didn't said nothing. Lol
Deforest's mason geary places 4th at state wrestling meet.
Hey, thanks for sharing. I liked "Peaks & Valleys."
"A song ain't nothin' in the world but a story just wrote with music to it"...Hank Williams Love the simplicity in that statement:)
I dont need to know you care
Im a Perfectionist when I Tat! It has to be perfect!
In need of #FatTuesday & #StPattysDay ideas for #ideas ??
is this a twitter or in person meeting? Lol
Spicy thai basil is calling my name
that moon is huge
VIP section babe
alright sounds good can't wait baee c:
We "is" watchin' TCM-On Demand's 'A Cabin in the Sky'..starring most of all the hucka buckin 'black' actors; with the exception of Lena...
i guess not everybody's as tough as beaver athletes...
so u wont be there to wave the flag today? That sucks. Had it recording while im in class at nursing school.
LOVE IS THE ANSWER.
The United Center is dead. Chicago is a sad city. The BC would be rocking.
got off work got home, shot w/a tripod made of plastic coffee cups & sent D video w/1hr left.
did you lose it in the move? “: I need to find my old school Nike poster...man I can't believe I lost it.”
you have anyone for dinner? Want to invite some people?
; if any of my old twitter friends see this tweet, tweet me. I don't even remember peoples usernames anymore .
(PARODY) The Jacksons -- Oprah Interviews The Jacksons | Library ...
good luck! You'll be fine!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 6
I'm too old for roommates
I'm the nicest person you know and YOU KNOW IT!!!
It's happening, Memphis, it's happening again
I'm winning all 9 skins tonight mate. Haha #WhereIsSean he's gone walkabout
"But my people would not listen to me; Israel would not submit to me." Psalm 81:11
Drinking a blend we roasted for farmers mkts -- 70% Rwanda, rest is Panama/ El Salvador. Pulls a great shot!
thanks! I only caught the last couple minutes of it. I should have looked at my phone sooner.
Gentleman never wear sagging jeans....unless they're in prison. Then again, if you're in prison you're probably not a gentleman
Oh shit! These Margaritas with Midori is making me tipsy! Damn its good!
Hangin' out, listenin' to some Crue, waiting for S+J among others. Let's get this party started yo.
Jesus sacrificed his life for us, so we in turn should sacrifice our life for him! #amen! :D
Agree. Funding for #globaled almost non-existent. RT : "Foundations have to be a little more fearless. -
Just watched the super bowl 42 recap on NFL Live.. Can it be Sunday already?!
I love my wife <3
Wine. Wine is always the answer. Massive headache after getting rear-ended and not all that hard.
sure I got u.
Here's hoping Delta's 3 new pain Rx make her >comfortable AND help her sleep. Bc when she can't sleep, I can't sleep.
SHOUTOUT to my bestfriend she's a Huge Justin bieber fan and 1D fan follow her.
He's long and fat. Off the charts for height and weight. That's a good point about skipping to toddler sizes.
Help! I'm having withdrawals from no and !!
good work
I wish all planes have a parachute, so that it can be opened at times of possible plane crash! Pls RT ! Please retweet this!
I always wonder when these republicans say they want to return to the days of our founding fathers. Like seriously,do we huh
Come get mine & then you can be thankful for me!!! ;)
delete yo twitter
I knew Florida drivers were dangerous but I didn't think it applied to runners as well. :)
thanks and yw :)
I'm here. RT Someone give me an excuse not to go to work today... PLEASE!
RT If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price.
Thanks for the info, have never read the comics but definitely going to now.
sounds fun to me!
RT!!! ": If a #Virgo lets you in, value it because it doesn't happen very often."
every time I try to follow you on here it tells me ITS FORBIDDEN!
and I say GOOD DAY!
I knew that'd cheer you up.
Aw Donna Summer died 😔
I've been in Vegas for a year and a half and I've never played #blackjack at Methinks I must do something about that...
u welcome. was just quick look. minimalism is redefinition of style. lol
more like the chickens did all the work, but they are in my garden so I take credit.
awww i feel good!! thanks i thought you might didn't follow, i'm the same, at last a fellow TVD& writer on twitter
Haha i totally forgot! Now ive found you too. :) ": Hey girl I found you!"
Gearing up for this morning. Check them out if you're near a computer at 11am EST.
long ass dick
thats the funny part, we didnt play that great but Barcelona was still better =-D
You aint gotta pray for me if im locked up in The Lions Den.. You need to praying for those lions! R.A.
Time to say my prayers & go to sleep!
-During School- You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be taken out of content and made to sound dirty.
I wanted to like it, I really did. I was so excited for the previews. As long as Orlandos in it, I'll go to see it to support you
Eeouch! Have you been up to no good again? :-)
Q3) Seek out any additional suggested resources, chat with/follow other participants if poss.
RT Deetroit_Dave I feel like I should as for some money back on my cable for even having Bravo as a channel on my TV!!!
great minds
I'm not going to freak out yet ... I can't pull my bangs back in a pony... I'm not gonna freak out yet
somebody forgot to tell the bird outside my window its 3 am. it won't go away! and now it has a friend.....
haha I know just wanted to give you a good laugh
"Having the world we want will not come from "voting" for it." //
thanks Annemarie! Happy New Year! Xo
Correction: I won tix to Isthmus a la Carts!
Thanks for sharing 10 Most Endangered news!
Q. What's the ultimate rejection? A. When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
hahahaha of course you would!!
#ItsAmazingHow mom can carry you for 9 months, raise you for 15 long, hard years, & love you for a life time! I love you ! Happy mothers day
Wish I could, but I don't think I should push it with a 3 1/2 in tow.
Beliebers are excited for Believe..but they don't know how much Justin would be tired and exhausted...
Off to Chicago!
#nowplaying Nina Simone - Thats All I Want From You
what up!
I so need an adventure right now. Wish I could go Caving! or Hike to some crazy mountain. Alas..
coming at 11...hear about one woman's effort to save some malnourished horses.
Quick little 4 day weekend
i see why--it's beautifully shot
If anyone asks I'm spending my Saturday slinging booze and breaking hearts. But I think we both know what's actually happening.
Saki~ The young have aspirations that never come to pass the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
filet mignon seasoned with my special mix and broiled in a cab red wine. Salad, spinach, goat cheese, glazed picans, tomato, onion. sweet po
RETWEET THIS AND FOLLOW TO GET A KINECT. CHOOSING IN A HALF HOUR.
You're e-card has been sent to ya. :)
We are working on editing some interviews from the first night of #motmkc. They should be up sometime later today!
are you at home?
#NewJBenkSong please trend it
Thank you to AlexAnn for showing me videos and images of :) I now see what all the #hype is about ♥
We're on the air right after the news. What do you want to talk about this week? Last chance to e-mail before the show:
thanks for going against the crowd! Makes for a better discussion.
Just when I thought I was done learning about transgendered people from India, I find out one of my textbooks is about them
Hi guys! We got almost a full house but I'm sure we could squeeze you in!! Lunch special 'til 3, vegan chicken, and free hugs!! <3
Trying to help Alex brainstorm some blog topics for next few weeks. What do YOU racetweeps want to know from Tag?
#aapor pool is delightful.
my thoughts exactly! (w/re: murderous cat in pajamas)
pick me please
& thanks for all the support to ...
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Mini-concert tomorrow. Yay!!! I get to laugh at ugly girls attempting to look cute while dancing hideously.
real estate auctions and foreclosure listing etc.
just left a shane and shane concert... It was great!
sounds like Chicago traffic - good luck this wknd!
I'm sorry Alex. I'll stop
Thank you, and I know I'm so excited :D
This is possible because the actual printer is sold to office supply companies at a loss by the manufacturers
hey Melinda just letting u know I had to suspend my phone on November 2 cause my phone bill was close to $600.00
I just bought a new netbook. It's a Gateway 11.6" Intel Core 2 Solo, 1.4 GHz. 250 GB HD, 3 GB memory and weighs only 3 lbs. I love it.
"Hey lets watch a scary movie!" *several hours later* "Dude, walk me to the bathroom..." o_o
JUSTINS GONNA BE IN NYC FROM JUNE 15TH-JUNE 19TH IF I DON'T HAVE REGENTS I'M FUCKING GOING
Dear public bathrooms, Toilet paper holders should turn loosely, nobody wants to wipe their a$s with a handful of confetti.
What a beautiful morning! And by beautiful, I mean gray, windy, and skin-mummifyingly freezing.
oh, cool!
haha i did :P
If lakers lose today, celtics for sure will accuse them off identity theft
Cutest little kid in a car cart keeps beeping the horn. His dad asks what's up. "Daddy! I found your favorite beer! Over there!" Want.
now that is funny
trey songz - heart attack , diggy simmons - copy&paste frank ocean-novacane, nicki minaj - right by my side, logic-numbers
I need to take my writing test for my liscense!
Just got done working out
Play the fool before :)
It appears that this will be an all Carcass day.
Thanks for the RT and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
"Don't give the past any part of your new beginning..."
can you believe the Tebow chants? Those people are oblivious!
In shock
its my ”i sold a book, take that bad health” present to myself. Lol :)
I know your tryin to keep your 'swag' up 'bro', but you look like a penguin trying to keep his pants on.....
and what am I chop liver?
Heading to Perdue Univ. for a few days of meetings. Inter-folk - anything I should do? Goto?
Bring it on 2012
he is soo cute
Albert Pujols is making $240-million to NOT work for the Angels tonight. Sending my resume to Anaheim now.
The Avengers, oh yea bring it on
Cafe 300 specials for today are mac & cheese, chicken noodle, broccoli cheddar & ham and cheese panini!!! Come on in and try some!
“Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong”
It's a question of how.
i followed!
That's gross!
That moment when you run into someone at a tux shop that you didn't expect to see
Looking forward to the march tonight ! If you're in NYC... Drop by!
*culture monster* fits-no rational way to explain his veto action except as a devisive hit on KS
Really enjoyed reading your interview in !
Lakers only hope bynum dominates the smaller Perkins. Gasol has to score 10 more then his matchup
John Ashworth dropping a new golf line... Looking forward to seeing it
yes, brother Brian! Indeed! Hope you enjoyed the day with mom.
A mighty oak or swedish spruce??? interesting idea RT What kind of tree would you like your corpse to become? bit.ly/nWfjCB
China Yuan Down Late On Heavy Dollar Buying, Bucks Central Bank Guidance - Wall Street Journal
and winners never quit
i fucking need u
I gotta tell you something!
Doesn't everybody follow themselves with a second account?
#ARealBoyfriend knows how to treat you right.
We will be at the #smbmad on April 18th. Who else will be there?
I am so ashamed of the state I used to call home. RT ALERT: NC voters approve constitutional amendment on marriage
Put a pillow under her knees and keep her jaws in.
I'm going to make a brave assumption and say any song mentioning airships is good in my book.
Note sure how this early to rise routine is working out. I wanna retire by 3pm.
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday! Would you rather appear in a Country Music Video or be the Director of one?
Indeed I did lead off with a homer. No big deal, though. It's what I do.
2 weeks from Monday is a long time to wait:'(<\3
If you get a second chance, grab it with both hands. If it changes your life, let it.
2Pac...only b/c I memorized >half the lyrics of disc 2 on All Eyes on Me at 13/14 yrs of age...still got it ;)
We don't have to speak to make our voice heard...
I just got off the phone with the President of GMB Music Group and we both agree on which song to release as 's next single:)
Girl: So is it going to be me or her? Boy: if you loved me you wouldn't make me choose Girl: And if you loved me there wouldn't be an option
thx for the
Roger!!! My LAAAAWWWD.
Guess who just followed me...again?! that's who! I feel famous now :)
I met this girl that had a frequent abortion card! I asked what is it for and she said after 10 I get 15% off on my next one!! WTF
funny that YOU are the one who says POT is ok. Now we can understand your position much better.
4pants hair backwards pleease text me or call me at 7204297689 please
Gain insights and knowledge to grow your business.
good night. have to practice later on.
I'm not there but I'm sure is belting out some gems now and then!
If you have to ask, then yes...you are totally #Sheening. Be Proud.
Al Horford sucks
Ten Minutes.
Aww, thanks friend!
mine broke!!,
I had to update my app after downloading it. They call it "refreshing".
happy 17th birthday, hope u had a great day!
Will that be aired?
sounds utterly disgusting.
I just read that the bike-parts distributor QBP gives its employees $3/day for cycling to work. I get scowls on the elevator.
I think they are doing a good job. Yesterday I just counted how many #apple's are in my house
congratulations on the new job!
oh yeah.
When refuses to accept reality and the fact that I'm NOT twelve <<<<<<<
Teaching w/ technology allows more collaboration, enables students from all backgrounds, of all learning styles, to have access
One "friend" making fun of another friend's English who isn't a native speaker the last straw for me. Just not worth it.
The brewers are killing it
Yelling all around the world!
#BecauseofObama Black people can attack white people and get away with it.
Who cares if it is a gay sport?
Fat chicks with tramps stamps << 😣😣
Put my dick in yo face
THIS!!!👉“: no one said that you had to endure SO MANY losses before you experienced the wins. dammit.”
Aww watts is smileys fav player he's excited about this last play but the best part was me yelling yes go cowboys lol
no I slept and finished it when I woke up.
what! I wanna call!
I do care and believe what Kony is doing is wrong...but i'm just not gonna support it.haha
GAME OVER
You trying to get as tan as mee?(:
We get coloring sheets for science class hahahahahaha hilarious
I still feel like I'm adjusting to life post-grad, but all is good :) are you @ Wright On? I'm just up the road in Solana Beach!
;-) RT Very well & t/u! #manners RT Lol, Hi Lamont! How are you? RT hi
it already has my friend.
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
I love u drake
MT : [snip]... I just broke my window while trying to feed the birds. Over and out.| DONE IT-TAKE SEED OUTTA THE BOX FIRST:D
For sure, sucks that they are on their period 365 days a year
FRESH FROSTY DANK IN: Purple Kush, P-91, MK Ultra, Green Crack, Purple Bubba. Back by POPULAR DEMAND: 619 OG! Full menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Just saw j dawg. Doing it big for houston!
Because I'm a Packers fan and need something to do this weekend.
New star trek: all I can say is wow!!!!!
lmbo u r a mess lol....how's the music going lol and thank u boo
pluss my ipod broke and i have no way to text or anything
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress. -Alfred A. Montapert
You bring as yer personal asst/roadie/muscleman. Problem solved. When do we leave? BTW, last night was great!
right? we were on that shit!
sorry I lied again! I won't be at school today ):
Dream #AWP12 Panel:"How to easily get to the various off-site events using public transit in (AWP city). Free coffee and Gatorade provided."
Good Bonnie!
hey Scotty.. fans like me realize as much as our sports hearts hurt to see that finale, we foresee a far greater 2012-13 season.
because we're tha boss. Expecially when I break out the dougie & you get all "oh darling I love you so" hahah. :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen tweets that he's going to bed an hour ago and then he gets back on..:p
I've got a lot of content I want to turn into iBooks. Now just need to find the time. I'm following your scoopit as well.
yeah! I'm doing the 1/2 at the C-bus marathon. I'm excited and spending a lot of time trying to inspire others to do it also
So it's the section leading the UConn students in the U-C-O-N-N cheer tonight in Providence. Gotta love it.
Hi Amy! It was overwhelming and exciting all at the same time.lol I can't wait till the next one.
open invite. See you guys later
Finally Schwarzenegger did something I agree with: signing the bill to save the seals! Let the poor little guys stay on their LJ beach!
I'm gunna miss you too obviously! But you're welcome to visit anytime!
Praying for you today dear one!!
You should make Will do it for you! I think that's part of his services.
Everyone do me a favor and follow my big bro !
#Caps the TV, #Orioles on the cpu ....this is what has done to me!!
We could have such a damned good time together.
WOW. #LAGalaxy completely fell apart.
Dam.. Girl you bad as fuck !
Could not disagree more about your assessment of Perry. I thought he was awful.
Hey Boo, hey! you need an jersey
Had to cancel that bitch.
I won’t take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Plant the lily pad in the healthy pond and then get out of the way.
Pleasure to add you to my PLN! Looking forward to collaborating online.
GA. I haven't been in the Park West in years. I'm not sure how it's going to be set up but I suggest getting there early.
Hi We are Agileblaze Technology (www.agileblaze.com) Ready to take it up. Getting in touch with you shortly.
no candy no popcorn. we can share a large diet coke
I'm Bout To Call Bo Vice.
Errands to run & things to do...
The average global corporation has 178 social media accounts.
George Clooney doesn't have a date for the State Dinner (according to WH guest list).
Big thanks to all those who came out for the Mid-South Fashion week kickoff event we hosted and Trolley night tonight!
Did you see the standing herb planter from bedbathandbeyond?
Thx guys :) (and thx ) RT : That PERFECTLY describes my pal
Did anyone find any good deals shopping today?
Tough loss for the Brewers in the 11th inning today. Glad the boys are back at Miller Park tomorrow.
O! I have a yummy and completely decadent vegan mac and cheese that allergy friendly (it only contains corn).
+1 that; also we need to have the very important discussion of who will be the #bizasusual mayor for craft beer?
Looking for PHP Developers for Full Time position in Austin, Texas.
She's right. No matter where I am im always the minority. Earlier I was the only girl and American in hot tub of Indian dudes
Women in Jazz Festival Features Lundy, Carrington - Voice of America
coming out to see you tomorrow night with my friends, can't wait!:)
Yes, Mom. I had to wait forever for a form and was just slacking on the self-employment stuff. But the IRS has it all. Happy?
i'll probably end up renting something haha
Great morn 2 do a double whammy - checking out the awesome Katie-ness then rolling into Extend&Restore Beverly Hills!!
Tried to find every excuse to not go to the gym but I'm here.
I grew up on Lake Michigan. All the trouble I got into was within a block or so of the lake.
Not many Graphic Novels left! get to www.theouterspacemen.com to grab a copy before they are all gone. SDCC and the exclusive figures soon!!
so great, right??
Why am I so unlovable that my friends dont trust me with their lives? I trust them completely. I open my heart to them.
Going for the most interesting panda in the world, similar to the Dos Equis Man.
Want a drink before the Coldplay concert?? Stop by!!
I changed my avi to just me. lol Was at Game 1 of the 87 WS :)
S/o all the new follower hope u like what da don brings to the table
and showing your the best TE in the business in the meantime.
sentry immortal to hold for your expansion to kick in
Like it. I might suggest amending it to "cupcakes and a football."
Hi Deb! Nice to meet a fellow Deb :+D I keep telling others there are so many of us, someday we'll rule the world!
I'm doing great! ^-^
: #PlayBook survey is available in Beta Zone. Q: What app would like to see in next update? A: Android App Player
I wanted to clearly illustrate the proper way to troll
My position as Director of Communications for Cm. Clarkson will soon be available. If qualified and interested, email
Aw good job.
Love is an action word!
#somebodytellmewhy we have more than enough power&money to #endslavery in our lifetime, yet more than 27 million ppl remain enslaved today.
At playground with ☁marisol and family. It is quite toasty here.
light the sour up so I can get a buzz ..
dont you think they need some ??? Im sure you remember how good our stuff is????
Wow lately 12 and 1am been feeling like 10 and 11 pm
“: Enjoy the city and the dinner!” Thanks!
"Not enough good television, so I need something to make it better" solves both our problems
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Whitney! Oh that was fabulous. Thank you! Absolutely brilliant talk!
So exciting you're a part of #BBN. You are already legend with your announcement!
Headed to my parents house.. hope they cooked since my mom is making me visit her.. Lol lol
Preview on tonight's local news: "when the heaviest rain arrives" um, then exactly wtf do you call this???
Friday the 13th. The only bad thing that could happen is if we run out of beer, and that's not likely.
I would for sure if I wasn't tending bar at Sunset Grill this evening.
no, but phones aren't really meant for certain things. Are you never in front of a computer for 15 minutes?
Yay mocha time!
Would you rather listen to Dick Vitale or Vern Lundquist & Bill Raferty?
I feel like there is something wrong with me for liking it so much
I'll answer my own #drupal Q: "Because I don't spend 6 hrs/day updating all modules, running chron and generally maintaining the site".
My LSAT Prep starts now.....
he's 47 years old
I do love a coke from time to time. : ) They were great tips-especially about the PH balance.
Yikes, time to get someone to screen your calls...
hi beautiful!! Hope all is well! Let's catch up soon ;)
If you don't know what "Stilettos" are, please don't talk to me!
The Trilogy bbq was fired up today for our first cookout of the season! It was a glorious day in the garden.
Hey Sixers! See you #Boston baby!
lol Its because you have a mother instinct lol I can sense that about you
I miss the smell of race fuel & the sound of race cars
I would! I love the cuddle fabrics and Cat in the Hat just rocks. :-)
RT : 40% of children watch television, DVDs or video every day. 75% have watched TV before 2. What are they learning?
wait, what happend with justin ?
Made my day! "I want to chat with my girl but I have no time/best thing for me to do is chat with her online/make her feel fine"
I hope that you have an amazingly magical time!
I will always love you.....in memory of Whitney Houston
NPL is going green! make sure you set up email notifications if you havent already!!
Wake up, to the cleaning lady knockin and shit
I LOVED 8 Flavahz. They were amazing!
Awww i'm going to formal with a guy! :) haha
The low response rate, our own lack of funds to travel to the conference, recent events in our personal lives suggest cutting losses
It was standing room only at the #BurberryWestphal event tonight! Angela Ahrendts was amazing! So inspiring. Go buy trench!
I have no reason to watch American Idol anymore isn't there anymore :'( I can't get over it!!
pretty much just access to the spectrum clubs and Rogers ranch
Okay so give me time and im clicking
Selling a $10 ticket to #Harvey for Sunday night 7:30. Any takers? It's about a man and his best friend, a six feet tall bunny.
My nonna came to watch, and she was like "you're going to marry one of them" & I was like "Yes Nonna, the one with the curly hair!!"
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe A Sunday kind of love. Etta
MAN I DON;'T EVN THINK PRINCE IS A VIRGIN AND THEY WERE DANING I WAS FREEKING OUT JUMPIN UP AND DOWN
Mario Mims
Oh we finally started a blog today :) ...to be released along w/ the new website next week!!
no matter how hard i try to keep my bathroom clean! my bro and dad dirty it >:/
OMICS Group is pleased to announce that Speaker opportunities are available at Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24October, 2012 at Chicago, USA
I know
how are you love!
Come out and fucks wit us in LA New Year's Eve And D$Pimpn openin up for the Big Homie DJQuik
PLEASE let me know if you're using & need training for a parent, therapist or teacher to implement it
To or to , that is the question.
Good luck to all those #Movember men putting their razors away for a great cause!
Happy Friday Tweeters!! What kind of wine is everyone drinking this weekend?
can do to reduce symptoms and be able to enjoy your bird.
Doesn't it seem like you're always trying to fill it? Is it working? If not you must be certain you're using your values not someone elses.
Stop by our Harvard Sq location this weekend for our Halloween costume contest!! There are treats for all!
it's actually kind of red. I have a red eye.
Go ahead and give it to me then lol RT": I Would Feel Sleepy As Soon As I Put Food In The Oven"
#Lakers rocks win win win
I cant wait to see next fight this is finna be on point! Everybody better order it!
QUOTE - "Economics reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year." Marty Allen.
Anyone know why a search helicopter has been circling South #Austin? News outlets are worthless.
2007 Keynote Stan Kurtz & his family were on The Doctors today- great job!
Older, strong men of God are the biggest encouragement to me. Blessed to have been able to know Bill Howard, a man after God's own heart.
Initial unemployment claims at 423,000 simply confirms that the labor market continues dead in the water.
music management needed for following and gaga message me
S/O to all my baby mama's!
it is great :)
So can we make your guys bet a three way with Buffalo included?
CP3 did that in Portland last year too.
False friends cause more damage than true enemies.
I don't want to get over her, I want her back.
The feeling is mutual!
#someonewhomeansalottome is not just one person its all my clients; they make this job worth doing!
what is a #LYLAS?
RT : Remind me how this is "exceptionalism" again?
Follow all the latest news on the theatrical movie "16-Love" I worked on, it's going to be HUGE!!!
Most wx models still indicate 1"+ rainfall totals by the weekend across immediate area. Area creeks and streams will cont to rise.
thanks! I will start doing it! :)
Good fight. Mayweather won.
My #FridayReads? 3 fantastic books with "blood", "bone", "smoke", & "shadow" in the titles... It's just quite confusing
First thing Ryan Fitzpatrick is going to say to Vince Young when he arrives in Buffalo -- one word: Wonderlic.
Haircut imminent!
Blue raspberry flavored Four Loko is nasty!
What cha say
happy mothers day, you did an amazing job with :)
can you ping at ecooper at our URL?
Your Father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask Him. - Matthew 6:8
Anyone pick Lehigh over Duke? Heather "Lehigh" Dearinger did.
I got hooked on blackberry's (phone) !!
Was a great season...we still love our team!
Baby let's live a little. Cause it's Friday night. :)
Great work out, now Protein
thx! countdown to Atlanta 2012 has officially begun! SO EXCITED
I am!!! I say we plan another city wide costume contest. HA!
Please see my answer on to: In eviction, if tenant fails to respond, is UD-116 necessary? -...
you have to watch it all the way through! It's not about hitler.
#LarrySpeaksTheTruth RT : My prediction: #Moon colony will have 2 Senators & 1 House Rep. before D.C. does.
is on stage, i love everything <3
i just want it to be summer, be really tan, be on weapon line, and love my job instead of being nervous about it.
Work out with
Diamonds & Pearls Couture boutique is having our Valentine's Day Sip & Shop 2/11/12 12pm to 6pm exquisite clothing & jewelry.
srsly I have to write a final paper for my feminist theory exam, on masculinity & feminism and OMG THIS PAPER
It's funny how one girl can make my day amazing thanks babe
Having lived around military bases my whole life, I gotta say, the Army and Fort Hood need to get better at soldier outreach.
You okay?
CHAIRLEADERS, is GG starting back up in the fall? Or Spring? I've heard both.
I'm on the same page! Hanging with my mom all weekend and I'm legit praying I don't go crazy! Lol
- Awesome! I'm going to call you tomorrow if my session ends at a reasonable time.
You know youre a hater when all you do is hate on my team
Love you always, love you still, always have, always will.
d'oh!
Just taped a Psa for "my hope for children"
I take 3 weeks off from #blackjack and now doesn't have $15-25 stay-on-17 BJ anymore?! #WTF y'all?!
I found myself secretly smiling to myself, but then I realize it was because of you.
Back pain study helps sufferers improve with targeted treatments
awww haha she's growing up :(
I think it's the combination of his cheekbones, his eyes and his voice.
Time for witness Tree Project Panel, after a very awesome National register workshop
#HipHopEd () ...with your assistance/clean the mess up from the sloppy/come see #HipHopEd for the new Niggerati
Heredity may play a part in the development of women’s hair loss; however, it is not really necessary
thanks for the follow
chris followed me omgmg
people that drag their feet!
We're thrilled with another SalesTouch install today. In OC this wkend? Suggest stopping by Augusta in Tustin to interact!
Training for a race or looking for a fun route to run? Join us along the canton waterfront tomorrow morning 9am Starbucks Canton!
i missed u u big head fool
yes! It's amazing!
Wow I am honored to be an inspiration to YOU, who has taught me so much & inspired me in ways u will never know
CNN's introduction of 2012 GOP Primary coverage, like sports, does a great job of creating suspense.
Let's go Caps.
I think I just heard loud "bangs" and a car engine. #driveby ???
Long to-do list today...
If you want to see me on TV I'll be on "We The People" with Gloroa Allred on 2-3-12 from 2pm-3pm on Channel NBC-4
I know by the end of tonight, you don't have to look up at the stars. And I know if the love is alright, you won't look up at the stars.
how low do you want to go? Top $$ is making record profits
I was wondering how long it would take for that phrase to come up :) Of course, really holds its down...
Good idea! I think there's a children's book in that...
Yes! That would be so awesome!
pondering adding a contest to the next installment. With a near impossible question, that only I know the answer to!
HELL is real. You do know that right?
good times! sorry i missed you on saturday. didn't go in after all.
Lol IDK! #inappropriate I was dying at my desk...god what you I do without you to make me almost pee my pants on a daily basis?!
Doubt me all you want but I'm gonna be greatness
Parcheesi? Cricket? I don't know lol but something
When did Mike Wallace become Dwight Stone?
i'm thinking you might need to find a Germanic nickname for Jacobs...
Was for the 1st time yesterday for private function amazing service
He was on his phone.
Thanks to everyone who came out to support our wonderful winners yesterday! We hope you enjoyed yourselves as much as we did!
☼ There is no safety in numbers or in anything else. James Thurber
Yes, we did.
be real yon then we wouldn't have the same issue every month. You want the bitch have her she fuck she suck
Ketchup is good with french fries and hamburgers. Some of my best friends are ketchup.
No one wanted to cook tonight apparently. The NPR Papa John's was slammed!
Yes, we the people have a voice, and yes it is being heard!!!!
enjoying a New Years weekend with friends and family!
I only watch the Lakers b/c Pau Gasol looks like my little brother Kris.
Yes, Isai Chacón can be contacted through www.flamencura.org. He's awesome!
Put your best foot forward and the other foot will follow suit.
So tempted to buy the Nike+ FuelBand. Only drawback is price. , help convince me! Any current users have feedback?
Same. That panel you were on was fun to watch. Almost felt like a nerd version of The View.
#IWantSomeoneWhoWill look at my face , not boobs . -_-
I want to see Boston and Philly go to game seven and continue to play basketball like they have been. Good, fast and intense basketball.
Elizabeth along w/ Eldzier Cortor were the last of our 20th century modernists. She was a Phenom, Giant & Extraordinary Woman.
Awesome #thesingoff show tonight! What was your favorite song?
arthur blank, please buy the thrashers. and you better do it fucking quickly because they have 1 and 3/4 feet out the door.
Awesome Matt, congratulations!
They told me they were. I believe everything the #UniontownHotties say
RT : Many of you have asked Qs about 's 2050 RTP. Here's a quick guide. Note #streetcars on pg 4; walk/bike pg 6....
Well, looks like I've got myself a stalker. This will be fun.
thanks buddy!
I would have wine
College Football Predictions: Early game Wash St @ Oregon; Oregon - 35 and the under -69.5
I will play. (:
Its all about getting hot at the right time. Packers better watch out next week. The Gmen are playing well. Big win today.
is one of the many people I love seeing at robotics
How's that blog about moving to LA coming?
Tried to donate blood today but they had too many questions about where I got it.
reading my mind...talking about my purpose! Like minds unite
apparently I follow a lot of people...
Boundaries, please.
Every 60 seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you never get back!
Panel discussion featuring staff Timothy B., Dwan R., Kevin S., and special guest is beginning!
'I don't understand why my fans ask for a hug, like, i don't mind, just come and hug me! -Justin Bieber'.. Oh don't worry Justin, I WILL;)
first tweet from my new iPhone ✌🐱
how many truly good screens have you seen? Fly by whiffs drive me nuts. Read/adjust your set to beat their D
As a recent Drexel grad, I am interested in what you find re: that policy.
you need to slow down every once in a while sometmes,
3 more followers and we break 3,000!!! Come on #TeamOtenki, we're sure 3 of you have friends who aren't following us yet! They should!
I've NEVER looked up Justin Beiber or Tpain on youtube to leave a mean comment. You kids needa stop all that hatred.
Now you should spend an hour having a drink to celebrate 's birthday! Everyone is doing it, right ?
I need a fuckn history book D;!!!!!!!!
But then its gonna get dark and riding at night is scary lol ill go early in the afternoon one day when you dont work (:
We're so happy you liked it! RT : yep, I really like the pancake stuff :)
thanks! And can't wait to meet you either!
Colorful homework! Oh my teachers are going to hate me for this!
Happy weekend. Its a lovely day here in Anchorage. Sunny and 25. Perfect spring weather!
#Plantation shooting: police don't know victim's name. Find out what else has them scratching their heads. See you at 6:50
The weeknd puts me in a good mood,
Nice to see an Italian restaurant advertising their gyros. Pretty sure thats not an italian dish.
omg all the captions the app made during lunch are A+. so funny
Idol Row? Camden's Walt Whitman House neighbors the Ronald McDonald House
you go girl! Xo
Here in New Mexico we wear gloves while peeling roasted chiles.
thanks for the love
Modern Warfare 3, Y U NO Look any different than Modern Warfare 2?!
Hey Ninja Danni :D How's Are Ya? :)
Visit Booth LP7554 for 20% off on most small equipment through Super Systems & ask about Fast Grind Technology
No, no -- you're in there, I believe. (this one was held over from December, when it got put on hold for the Hon one.)
Hi! Found you via /staff. It's always nice to know who you're tweeting w/ on a corporate acct! :)
Thanks to for the #FF love.
Woop! Very exciting.
love love pomodoro!
Is this legit bc I'm thinking about it!
Besides, it's Cool!
Thanks for the RTs and
And if I pump for tales from Al's I ain't asking about sandwich prices.
There's an war going on. No more bickering boys!
If anyone is already bored with Obama and the end of the "War on Terror", tune in to NBC....to watch "Celebrity Apprentice" LOL!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles "Why do Fools Fall In Love"
GET READY!! GET READY!! GET READY!! 'OCCUPY JERICHO' Tonight 7:00 pm
warranted, you think? They're nice up here now but....
Exactly why I need to find out why, also need to select the same age group from Pew data to compare,
Callin in sick. 7-Up, chicken noodle soup here I come.
listen to the mix tape bro and et me know what u think....(link on profile)
whats new bro
Great post! My GGrandfather and some G-Uncles worked on the rural electrification and telephonification of Western KY.
I BELIEBE YOU ALL BEST BE FOLLOWIN !! ;)
UT's front page endorsement of Captain Carl--or The Pied Piper of San Diego--as we like to call him.. Is proof of their desperation.
can now repair cracks and chips in vinyl window frames using a vinyl weld -- Permanent and right!
did he add u
I would definatly have to say timessqaure.
Here's to the Directioners who buy magazines just for the One Direction posters.
Day off number two!! Spending the day with my baby :) don't need no one else
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 13
You should follow me back :) Happy Sunday Funday!
okay(: maybe I'll try.:D
Chard's on day 5 in the hosp, after sleeping in a hospital chair all week I can't even imagine sleeping in bed right now.
um. Umm um
too weird. Lol
haha sorry dude didn't see the other tweet, I would but I gotta he up early..what's the D die this weekend
Production | Imagining Meeting.. Stay aWake Let's go Let's Go!
Insert angry, tired tweet here
Looking for just one more theatre gig to fill up my 2010-11 Season Calendar. Any directors/dramaturgs looking for a FREE awesome assistant?
So I'm sitting alone in the dark .. When a cat brushes my foot & freaks me out . Yea, I just remembered I don't have a cat ..
Which ever one I can get done first.
What other free papers will want in at Roundy's supermarkets now that Shepherd Express is back on stands? New Pressroom Buzz.
Hunger Games trailer on tv
can we be friends again or
The nice thing about beards - they always keep growing :D Just be thankful the greys haven't started like me!
#chicultural2012 some ??'s for commish some ??s for the planners about the plan
Just as a life has a birth, growth, a peak, deterioration & death, as does a song, a single measure & even a single beat of a single measure
That's weird. I usually do not set any privacy settings. Invitation sent! Nice piece in Sophie.
Commercial breaks need to stop im tryin to watch a game!
I had the GC one but I lost the game when I got to the fire temple as a adult. Couldn't get the hammer I kept falling.
Weber, Out of the Dark. Aliens attempt to conquer Earth, face unanticipated challenges from pesky contemporary humans. Deeply satisfying.
I just finished a 2.62 mi run with a pace of 9'51"/mi and a time of 25:55 with Nike+ GPS.
Mark your calendars for ArtUnleashed starting 4/11 -sale of work from #UArts alums/faculty/students raises scholarship $...
What do you do when you have been hacked?
are you for real? I don't know if we can keep playing Words any longer.
now following... Ah guys contact me!
I believe itz femalez dat like makin dey self look bad or dumb!
Applied to like 10 places already trying to find a full time summer job
I wish I had the microwave in Spy Kids that instantly makes mcdonalds
Getting ready for a great Bakken Evening Out. Join us tonight from 5pm to 8pm for Mary Shelley and her monster. Free wine and appetizers!
Children will soon forget your presents. They will always remember your presence.
I said it last night, but if some of you were to see these things you said in like even a year or less from now, you would be so embarassed.
so is my boner!
thank u!!!
Ugh I'm mad
He's awful. I don't think he will be pitching anytime soon for the Tribe.
Congrats #UTK!! We came in 4th place for best local 4-year college in the newest !
Got a retweet from lights on my personal twitter, kinda made my evening, just thought I'd share...
It is in vain to expect our prayers to be heard, if we do not strive as well as pray. - Aesop
Congrats Creighton Prep first team to win back to back games in Class A championship round since 2000
I'm still trying to find the time to play with Camtasia Relay. But if I have questions, I'll be sure to ask!
Ahh... just crashed the downtown Marriott Hotel pool and jac. That place is paradise
DOI is a philosophical document, whereas Constitution is a contractual document.
in love with the new grey can. Why do I have to find this stuff out on the street? I'm so out of the loop.
when do you leave
you can text me or DM me if you need to talk or anything!
okay i know where. I'll wait by the doors
Thanks to Westlake Picayune for interest in doing a story on the Homeless Coach!
Getting my hair done today..
This year has been full of work but also full of joy...I am so grateful with God first and with all of u my Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter
Sometimes I feel as if I were living in an HG Wells novel. So says Dowager Lady Grantham.
"You've got a great heart. It's too bad some people can't be as considerate as you." My dad just said this to me. <3
Good Morning! If you're going to get up, you may as well
☼ Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. Larry King
back to these slide shows BBT;)
Plotinus is only now becoming accessible. But few students read him directly. Ibn Arabi, Rumi, and Shurawardi continued the work
thank you for sharing your special event with us! Glad it went well. The paper has a facelift..check it out
not long now <3
#LilWayne tonight in the ATX! Giving away tickets courtesy of Robec Music Group Text 11SBVIP to 64842 for your chance to win!!!
Obsessed with my Apple products, thus my sudden resurgence into the world of twitter.
Creepy....im home alone and I got out of the shower and the bathroom door was open....
All I can say is thank you!
The only thing I'm doing this weekend is sleeping. And I swear if someone wakes me up, it's going to be ugly.
#youknowitsreal when no one else matters
The fool flipping wasn't even in step with the hot dogs. Bogus!
I hate distance. August please come faster.
holler. i'll get you a walker for your bday benjamin.
Take your life from the negative to the positive. You have it within you...
No, I did NOT win the Mega Millions Lottery. Trust me: if I did, you'd know it. And so would the rest of the world.
If somethings ment to be or ment to happen, dont force it. Let it come to you.
So fly - Childish Gambino
yess yess..today we play no games.. we work with anybody off top!
5 “Local” Search Engines You Should Be Targeting
This day started well and has continued to be wonderful all day. Love it.
I can't stay up... I'll pass right here. Goodnight Twitter
🙏 the laawwd , I'm waiting , 😘 have a nice day ✌ see yah l8aa .
Super calm right now in Grafton
How does a blond spell farm? E-I-E-I-O
i can get u a background too
I'm completely amazed at all the dirty looks I get in my walks of life. Look, I'm a black dude, you've seen my kind before. Nothing new.
Thank you!
thank you. Have fun at the harlequins show!
Oh dayum hot guy up in here somebody kill me.
Hey Isaac! Great job singing AND dancing on COG! We loved it!!!
#speech I Think the Prez has lost his credibility. This last speech changes nothing. A lame duck prez he could prematurely become
Curious about something. Google "new homes in Dublin" and tell me the top 3 search results. Thank.s
SUMMER IS COMING FINALLY! Ordered my fashionable swim suit today!!!!!
Very proud of Alexis!
omge thnxx u made my night/day !!
that was big time
We going In Follow
Gutter&#39;s 3rd Annual Maryland Film Fest Picks | Fashion and Art ...
Full focus on #urbanvibe for the #JLO tv show today.
Wright Way Master Classes is excited for there upcoming SAN FRANCISCO auditions tomorrow for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar - SF!!!
RECAP #2 - THE CHARGERS WIN 12, MAYBE 13 REGULAR SEASON GAMES!! RECAP #3 - THE BEARS GET WIN 9+ GAMES, LIKELY GET REG SEASON 10 WINS!
thanks. More to come.
For all those men who say "Why marry the cow when the milk is free" Well news flash we women say Why buy the whole pig for a little sausage
just keep talking to people :)
Security is the refusal of life.
Yeah, girl!
awesome! what game? (:
This is so fucking great on #ds106radio is making my day right now
In order of importance: 1) Binx has a new box to play in. 2) Liz bought a new vacuum cleaner.
God dosnt exsist you suck dick
Rawhide Ranch Family Camp, Feb. 10-12, 2012. Learn more about it at www.rawhideranch.com
Come to the TNF benefit show going on now! Bands, fashion show and tons more!!
Smartphone patent wars: Having the money to simply outlast competitors is one way to win... Smaller companies may not be able to.
omg proper want Austin to come to London so bad!x
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Feta, Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Trey You really should Make a DVD Series of Yo Music of you performing Live And Add #Anticipation 1 and 2 Inevitable EP.
#Oomf might just be the one to take me away from the game of pimpin
Need help finding a new job or bulking up that resume? Make an appointment for the Job Center One on One Assistance, April 3rd @ 11am!
yes, i have the newest version. (:
happy birthday again mate! Sushi happy on me when I return have a great rest of the day!
Lightning storm, power surge fried my alarm clock, recorded the sound of rain on my skylight for the fun of it, and then finished my paper.
I haven't been able to find a j14 mag since 's birthday
Season 4 in the books. High school is over. Quite sad...
Tht fun time wen ur laying in the middle of the road and u almost get run ova by a car with and
At a photo exhibit in Seattle. It's all photos of Soundgarden. And one of Mark Lanegan.
Do people know that you are available for speaking engagements? Find tactful ways to say so in your media interviews.
Congrats to the NY Giants - NFC East champs! Dallas fan will be watching the Superbowl in the place as Skins and Eagles fans.
Did you know Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) on "30 Rock" has an Inada DreamWave chair in his show dressing room? Come in & try it for yourself!
so you're totally doing the undie run in those things, right?
where are the white girls at
I hate early classes with a passion!!!!!!!.
Agree!! RT : True friendship is seen through the heart, not through the eyes. ~Unknown
Wishing everyone #ReGroup180 & an wonderful event this evening, Thank you for all your support!
yea ur right so I'll see you on Friday!.... Maybe
so we can hang tmr :D?
Super hyper
this is true haha. Super trolling
Being happy is a choice, ether ignore the small stuff or be miserable
Ugh AP: "But most observers believe it'll be difficult to forget that Nash wanted out ..." Most eh? As in more than 50%? Of "observers"?
I just had to refollow you? Did something hichup here?
wow.. lol this coming from the person who is telling to ask tater tots to follow you
rush limbaugh states the government is messing up the economy to stick it to white people because of slavery
Talk shit. Get hit.
Many have died for the right to Vote...don't make it in vain!
I'll drink to that
Not sure, no mention in that article!
Remember Woolworths? Take a trip down memory lane and see photos and other items from Maui Mall’s past and present in our new wing.
I'm sure it will be, but sadly, I'll be in Minnesota for my sister's college graduation. So sad to miss!
aight man hope everything is straight
oh sorry extreme blonde moment :)
good work!
you remember that name :)
I'm listening to your music right now, and i really like what i hear!! you guys are great! i hope you go far <3
Hey you think I could get a follow bak?(;
yea I was just effing around bruh, that's just an excuse dudes will throw out. Not even a Bron fan but dude does deserve one
Beautiful play by Ramirez
RT : RT : RT : Wow has this LeBron drama made me a hockey fan. No egos, no fan fare, no teeth.
Wishing i was at the NKOTBSB concert in phoenix right now.
~EpictetusGather the crumbs of happiness and they will make you a loaf of contentment .
Wearing high boots and getting a massive itch on your ankle, when driving, is a bad way to start your morning.
tragically waiting for to text me back...smh no high 5ive for you!!!
Beat Candida: From Thrush to Chronic Fatigue - How to Recognise ...
We had a thousand plus memories.. That all went down the drain. Kinda seems like a waste...
All those Oklahomans in matchy ill-fitting tees make me think one thing: vacation bible school.
Thinking that Espinoza gets no love b/c of our competition(?) He's a big part of the high pressure.
Back in Seattle. Where I can't see the stars and the streets are filthy. Wishin for home and the woods already.
#PeopleLikeUs are looking for people like you!
you believe that?
This apartment ain't cute ....
lmao! i didnt know they did that. I really wish they'd just let them fight
I am a terrible texter...
I enjoyed piece today abt your producers & work/family balance. cool for you to feature and members.
I turned 28 yesterday. Thanks for the present!
the hollow is dangerous, so i'll leave my girlfriend and her friends there, go back to her house, and eat her food. #carlproblems .
One day, I will marry katy perry
If u want blood #TNA has it.
If you don't make Porsha Money Don't Tell People you do just to Fit in, cause in the end you'll be left out
is a great company! I love their products! RT : optimen by optimum, they also make optiwomen
The Silence of the Librarians
we made it!
The price difference for the two flights I'm looking at is only $20, but because it pops over the next hundred threshold, it seems like more
I don't believe it will be necessary for me to convince anyone meat is short. I've been telling you for over a year or maybe 2 years. [1945]
and they are both wanting you to take a picture, it lasts longer...
I can do all things through Him Who gives me strength. Phillippians 4:13
What he said RT “: you're wearing jeans?”
I just love Royksopp! I wish I would hear more of them on the radio.
Just now getting up for school. I needed the sleep.
Productive evening. Frustrating, but productive.
You're a star in the face of the sky
No, there is another.
and some point ppl will understand that Kobe can't do a lot of what he used to. Heck Kobe needs to understand it
Linda Linda Linda dms
#FMU #LionsForJustice, r u ready?! teach-in @ 7pm in Lehman Auditorium!!!!!
you know my squad guaped up, free all my niggas locked up.
is California dreaming...
Happy easter!!
3% so i'm out this thang !
that's good that u working butch y did I buy an ice cream truck lol I might be driving thru yo hood lol
Add me in BLACKBERRY 2687e34d
we're on! I'll see you on the 20th
Let's go
OH DAMN!! - we just got confirmed to play with MSTRKRFT BIRD PETERSON on MARCH 13th @ MYST
I'll be doin more diaper changin than twittering, but I'm not ghost anytime soon. Thanks for the "congrats" bro bro!
Thank you, Shelley!
Starting classes this week. I'm curious to see what my history + theory of anarchism class is like. Apparently it's taught by a student.
When a lady at the eye doctor asks if you were somewhere last weekend because my name was mentioned<<
Did You Know? - As per World Bank estimates, an income of less than $1.25 per day per head of purchasing power parity is defined as extrem…
you little two faced bitch,say this too my face next time,ye?
"Ginger" from the line "Get Ginger ready" from 'You and I' is the name of one of Luc Carl's cars.
Happy to help. We are also happy to provide feedback and mentoring as their projects move along.
RT : We will be hosting a news conference at 4:30 a.m. and live tweeting. VP of ops David Geier will give an update.
well its my birthday and since my life is so lame its just another day a year later. =(
i know i guess ill go.
Final in Game 1. Ohio State 10 DU 9! FINS vs Navy in 5 min!!
please pray for financial break through for me and my family. We were hit hard a few months ago and we need God's Favor. BlessU
New organization features will be live soon! Add resources, get affiliates to join NLD, post events, support projects, and more!
The Ale House is crowded! Leftover game fans!! Tryin' the 'world famous' ZINGERS!!
i have excess baggage..that isnt from u.
Los Angeles
Watching #occupydepaul as students from my alma mater hold their ground. DePaul admins refused to meet re:tuition hikes so students occupy.
who want to come over tonite
Leaving this place of humidity, and going with dallas, sux :( hes so obssessive, and puting me down :(
The conclusion band is setting up!!! They always bring the house down!!
where are my friends? I'm bored. lets hang out
Awaiting your arrival in NYC !!
I just walked by you, there! I was the girl coming in - was texting my bf that they had blue marble ice cream - so excited!!!
FYI, Binder clips work as a "button" for pants. I'm too lazy to sew one on.
I miss Tim..
I haven't partied since Miami & don't even have the urge to. I'm turning into an old man
I know, right?! I will be sure to give holler at you on days I work remotely!
Happy to connect on Facebook as well, Alex! :-)
Thanks for following #MyGarbageFilm! We followed you back!
i made arroz y gandules w. cubed steak :D
Wow, it's cold outside
Zombie Strippers in My Pants
I love how I'm downloading Portal songs to my iPod, yet I've never played either game before. XD
Today just aint my day ! !
Yay just made my day! Lol ❤
April showers, can't wait for the May flowers!!!
Hey Sophie. It's my birthday and can you say "Hi" to me? Thanks.
shut unreally?!? Why
Toddler puke...
Seeing the amazing forecast has me very cranky this morning. Damn you hip! 6 months without running. :(
On a TV, perhaps?
"Law & Order! A pop-culture twist on a classic"
I have some time on my hands, so I am sharing my knowledge. You can too! Use
Thank you. Have a wonderful Easter!
WHY ARE YALL STILL ARGUING OVER HIM MEAN IT AINT THAT SERIOUS HE AINT NUN BUT A HUMAN BEING JUST LIKE YALL!!! HE TALK TO EVREYBODY!!!
Keynoting in tandem: next week's and the following week's. Good solution for writer's block: do something else productive.
#MentionYourCrush okay I give up
Hahahaha I was reading all the tweets from yesterday x) I fail.
I take back any negative thing I said about Mechanical Turk.
f that. worst-case scenario... could understand OK or AL more. evidently not a great kid.
Approaching 13,000 followers and Thank You so much! Means a lot!
cause its late ha
Check me out. Go to the bits page and play the audio. www.kevinkash.com
I need more white friends lol--> I'm white, but have a very dark soul; does that count?
I think somebody just gave me a lap dance 😚
I didnt know you were a DJ...when is your next gig? Wanna hear you rock the house. I'm there.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Farklempt- distraught, emotional, choked up with tears. (Old-fashioned usage)
I am debating whether to vote for Mitt Romney or not, but I'm not sure if I am completely ready for a robot to rule the free world.
Follow me to fame, or stalk me to success.
#IWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all my fans and followers!!!! love all you guys!
Puddle Of Mudd, "Blurry"...my life in song
Great to hear! If you have any other questions or concerns please let us know.
What is Google Up To in Israel ?
- matt. ur a lucky bitch.
Careful with that bobble head, the neck will probably break. Or the ankle, or the arm, or something...
Pacers overheating, yellow flag coming out as miami goes flaming past them.
I have mutations all around my mouth. But i Love my Dimples :D
Dean Levit had an ambitious vision to create a hub of Indian Law research and policy review here. -Prof Walter Echohawk
i hope life treats you kind.
sorry, its up now.
Yes! RT : Seeing YOU ARE IN AN OPEN FIELD tonight at HERE Arts Center. Excited. That company delivers everytime.
HOLY CRAP IS TOMORROW MOTHERS DAY??????
Caramel Turtle, Almond and Mocha Iced Coffee flavors are here! Happy Spring!
Lunchtime at HR2aT! Visit the exhibit hall (with your meal ticket). Yum!
Very true. Are you still out? Or are you still here tomorrow night?
I love my mommy
where can I watch the Chicago Blackhawks game tonight here in mke??????!
Had fun yesterday with a day off from poker, excercising, eating good food, and partying. Looking forward to playing NL cash or a MIX today
thats whats up keep the shows coming here we had a blast on the 25th and can't wait to see you back in action soon. Who's nxt
RT : September 26th marks the premiere of Being Erica, season four. Stay tuned!
I'm seeing Linkin Park and Incubus September 7th. (:
bill calling on CA colleges and universities to enforce smoking policies and fine offenders moves forward
If I sneeze one more time.
To late. That ships already sailed. Hopefully i will sleep like a rock. Good night my dear 😉🌹🌹🍸
Don't forget to "Spring Ahead" by setting your clocks one hour forward. (There's a sermon in there somewhere...)
omg. Its ON. Your husband has been identified. Now, for the arrangements....
I thought everybody knew she passed. You were missed today.
Swam al day(: tired...
I love my followers!
Thanks Glen! Proud to be included on your list with
They act like they ont know they boundaries when it comes to Darius Dwayne Rosse !
Pandora! When im bored of listening to my music I go to you....
*love n I love you 2 ;)
Actually I have a background of drama with an overlay of boring. It's disconcerting and difficult to know how to act.
20 hours of work on top of finals? I can't wait til this week is over.
Childlike faith focuses on our Heavenly Father - not on our fears.
So you specialize in golf real estate? ;) Are you using Neybor to reinforce your brand? You should add & adopt Neyborhoods!
Hey get your shit together, my phone freezes every two minutes
yippy!! :) So exciting!
Bugs are the most disgusting things in the world
If you are coming back to school - *gasp* - come see me first . . .
The link deletes your account completely. We are governed by the CAN SPAM act!
Veg options? RT : SO excited! RT : I hope you are ready to go to Dinosaur BBQ when it opens in Newark next week.
none of the previous four had
Just getting home after a super long day. Going to chill out with some popcorn and a movie : )
They have a re-designed one, which is what we got. It's awesome, too.
Five PM on #StPatricksDay is a great time to work where I do
So tell me why you've choosin me?
I think I use up all my ability to act 'normal' during the work week
Slowly working my way through 's 100 best tracks of the year. Stay tuned for my top picks.
�You�d think media companies would be all over social media
I know you do #140chars but often wonder what those get out of me who do. I'm both a guy with narrow interests, & pretty scattered.
To go food and movie night with
So we're making some small updates over the summer...any additional features you think we should incorporate??
just told me on fb to call the 800 #again. that's precisely the PROBLEM.on hold twice for over 20min not ok
Awesome!!! I also saw the #redcarpet interview! Very fun!
How come u mentioned everyone but me in the modern damily thing? Hm?
Ha, I don't feel bad the Bulls are getting beat bad!
We're regularly asked about good data viz graphic designers... tons out there but check out &
Ravi-efforts take time & $$. What are institutional commitment to support DH? How to explain roi to admin
Happy Birthday! Have the best b-day ever!(:
I need a style consult. You probably don't do those. but if you did?
Here we go! Train well. We will have fun in October.
": Duece bello always on the bench!" He hurt his leg lmao
no worries. I have it in a black frame right now. Still looking. Hopefully I can find one in Dallas soon!
Come in and write "Sonoma Valley" on the back of our Stay Up-To Date card and you will receive Happy Hour prices all day long!
Last year I got to see The Strokes, Beirut, (w/o pass) and ate a bunch of free food (). Only cost was getting there!
agreed! and i'll join you for a "never ending pasta bowl" and we can start a new campaign. cc
Me-'Random Question. How Do Yu Get Rid Of Insomnia?' Doctor-'Sleep!' Lmfao. He's Funny.
Booked a role in a new play that will premiere this summer in LA! Random audition yesterday=awesome booking today. :-) Woot!
To reach your goal it's important to logically take massive actions with persistence until it's achieved.
its much more fun I am the one who decides which songs of mine are getting 'cut'...
anything can happen
I agree. But when it does it is awesome.
Omg..your making me hungry know-.- I want some haha..<3
A2: SF Giants, Cleveland Indians, Golden State Warriors & Phoenix Suns get a 10 IMO.
You deleted me from your friend list. So don't blame me if I ignore your next friend request.
Welcome to the neighborhood !
#Toyota #Matrix still in shop for #SRS repair. #Camry loaner pax #airbag off with 55kg wife in seat even w/ 2 restarts. 2h to swap loaners.
I don't turn my tv on until it's like 2
really? that's rare.
HE TALKED TO ME OMGOMGOMG SCAHH
on my way to chicago for my first ever pretty darn excited + really hoping to see
Hey there. How have you been? Thanks for the RT.
i know! i'd like a little skill with my genre piece please :-D
To Tell You The Truth Your Call Is Not Really That Important To Us Please Stay On The Line And Just “Waste” Your Cell Phone Minutes…
Driving into private property illegally to get a sweater....
but you aren't "super fat" :0
Had another amazing time in Cleveland, getting used to driving the turnpike :) Saw aftermath of semi-VS sedan, groceries were only casualty
Its actually so cute how almost 8 amazing people try to get to follow me! :) #birthdaywish love u guys <3
Having a VERY uneasy feeling today. Not a clue why. Praying for peace of mind.
What up!!!
good luck! Im in the front row! Can I get an autograph!?
Weekend recap: Drank beer on a rooftop, hiked along the Potomac, had a family reunion of sorts, ate @ Founding Farmers, went fishing...
hey friends, your emerging chart seems to be jacked for me. No artists, half an ad for sxsw and blackness. chrome, pc, just fyi
not just that....reassuring me that I don't look like a heifer and helping me match!
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger
These white folk are saying the dumbest most racist ignorant shyt tonight!! Ugh.don't have a fckin clue about cinco de mayo
that sounds worth my time to wait for. Even if you mean Kiefer gets implants. Maybe especially then...
"Smartacus" is a pretty awesome nickname for Marcus Smart.
: Will try. Could be a nitrous/novocaine hallucination, though. I might just have to sweat this one out.
I'm guessing you had a good time gurly?
why on earth are these dogs alive?! Sheesh
I guess I didn't realize even at the moment that you meant so much.
RT : here en France it looks more like immigrant blame game (played by Le Pen & Sarko) that has won, over the far...
they should have back in 2008 when you started!
Can I get the tix on Friday, or do we need to get them ahead of time??
I got Instapaper to work with my Kindle! Woo!
If you like "The Lamb" you should go read Romans 5-8. Paul said it much better.
Still on the lookout for Northern California Real-Life TAA submissions! Email yours to !
“: So can you like, stop putting your relationship on blast for twitter?” THIS.
Threaded Type fans,this sale is for you. I know the holidays can get expensive that is why I have all tees for only $16 www.threadedtype.com
Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues
AHS students arrived in style at the Paramount Theatre Centre.
David Bowie's fictional character Major Tom has appeared in 3 Bowie hits: Space Oddity ('69), Ashes To Ashes ('80) and Hallo Spaceboy ('96).
And it's not out anymore 😭
Ex-nurse pleads guilty to nursing home neglect after over-medicating a patient. Get the details on this sad case of nursing home abuse:...
I ain't no killer, but dont push me.
lol but all those jobs??
We are releasing a BRAND NEW song/demo on APRIL 20TH!!
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
No doubt! Wish you guys were there too, we'll make it happen! If your down with a road trip, I've got connects at Wrigley too
S/o to u for knowing you are and s/o to you for still trying to figure out who you are
Cunt punted my girlfriend.
oh ya I doo. Is She gonna take pictures with us?
Robertson is certinally the best RP within the past year. Afterall he was an all-star last season
100 bro we need to get it in soon
FYI Can semen dripping frm anus running o/s vagina cause pg? Hghly unlkly tho if fngrs or penis went inside, maybe.
Sorry... following along now from my jail acct... apparently I've tweeted too damn much.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Theater for Young Audiences goes to CHARLOTTE'S WEB,
Price is what you pay, Value is what you get.
well said!
totally worth the shame
Boo spherical Mercator! 70% of the earth is ocean but only 60% of map tiles are. Interesting thoughts on redundancy by
Let the countdown continue: 3 DAYS until FPAC! Come out and KICK-OFF FPAC on the right foot!
You almost made desk construction look easy, but I know you built an agile management tool so you'd know when you were done.
OH: "Daddy, why is the escalator not working?" "Well, son, it's what we call a perennial problem."
Shout out to Y'all put on an incredible show at Numbers
thanks! Our college daughter is home so it's an especially nice one :)
You know it's crazy - BOB is talented.
ha! totally!
Oh it's ending. That show was ok
lol on regular days we end at 2:36
yes but I was alluding to the so called Christian leaders who willfully slander etc. it's sad the example they don't provide
Any social movement comes from below. You can rarely create it but need to find and follow it.
Great day talking to future middle grades teachers about graphic & transmedia narratives. Smart group. (I miss teaching...) #uga *waves*
Realized how close my RB house is to Encinitas this morning. As the crow flies that is.
Thanks for the shoutout! does a great job at the Crowne Plaza!
just trying to finished up school & stuff. i need the concert to get me back into the ~mood~
Happy birthday! What a beautiful day for it. Did you enjoy your brunch?
I kind of felt like Jimmy Fallon showing up for work. All my writers had already written my material for me!
During House Judiciary Cmte hearing, Ranking Member Conyers says it's unfortunate we're still debating access to birth control
can you pls contact me re: DRE?
What an idiot. Where do these people come from, srsly?
Don't fuck with feeling
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
That was the easiest bio test I've ever taken in my entire life 👌
Hilarious1RT : The "the mother of all roundups" of 2011 lists - the number of links on the page makes me laugh....
Happy birthday ! Have a great day :)
We are loving this!!!! "YOU CAN'T CELEBRATE ALL DAY IF YOU DON'T START IN THS MORNING!" hickory tavern has it right!
So great meeting Owners & Managers at , , , and #Cuvee yesterday, everyone should follow them!
what's wrong?
Time for The Video Dead. Love this movie something fierce!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.20
Sorry I didn't find you again Thurs evening to meet your brother! Was wonderful to meet you, a highlight for me. You rock.
:) same here...just busy preparing for the Opening Night. You ready for the season?
