seriously does this support tech know what they are doing? I'm in
Finding tranquility
Jessica Dorrell resigned today. Even Larry Brown thought that was a quick tenure.
Back in Seattle. Sipping my hot neem juice
i loved when u said that u liked 's songs, i guess your now part of the craziest fans lol Welcome to the family<3
There's tons of issues on Pine Ridge, no one denies that, but there's a lot of good that never gets covered. ()
Totally heart broken over Whitney Houston's death. People can be so cruel...until it's their turn in the hot seat.
should've came to see bow wow then.
omg, lmao! we should thank them for not being safe (; lol
Can I just be in like again. So that the butterflies can come back and take away this horrible feeling in my stomach. I just wanna not cry.
you two make a cute couple!!
- you are very wise.
Going to see Cabin In The Woods tonight :D
over and out.
#FF We love our partners!
<3 we are gentle hearts haha
That's attractive
Perfect day for a PAAARRRAAADDDEE!!!
Creating a Queer Museum opening tonight 6 - 8 PM, come join our celebration!!!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck.
Thank you little sis!": Happy Birthday to my sister, the best person to share a name with ------> <3 xoxo ."
I was wondering if that movie was good. Is it a family movie?
SearchFest was also featured on KATU & FOX. I guess I'll just have to get KGW to the event on Tuesday...we still have the weekend though...
I didn't know they did that. Seems weird, but I guess it makes sense in a way. Sucks to be the Cubs.
As in, tough to stay interested? RT : Don't say I didn't warn you about Utah giving San Antonio a tough series.
represent true independent film have #lloydkaufman on, why not?
Was gonna pour myself a glass of milk with my mid-morning snack of mini Oreos, but all I can think of is pus. Thanks, ! LOL :)
G'Night Fb..God Bless You All..Goin To Sleep Good Tonight..
lmao I can't wait...
Hey Girl! I see we both modeled for WSI womens/ HeatR wear! Small World! Hope you are doing well :)
I guess mykki wanted us to have a meeting, but he's working on something else now, so idk.
...you're really mean. ):
TOMORROW - OUTSIDE SHOW Lucy’s Fur Coat, Stone Temple Pilots @ Bodie’s $8
Yea JenX so happy you saw it & thanks for the RT!
"See this 'C' on my hat? Stands for 'Chicago.' All you have is a stocking." LOL
eating early thanksgiving
im so happy for you =D <- My signature
Glad you ladies enjoyed #QBM11. Thanks for coming!
Lindorf is not the most infamous, but hard to disregard--essentially four villains in one.
RT RT apps to be ready by of Apply by 3/1
Yep..Somebody in Dallas pizzed off to da highest pernt of piztivity! ": Texas PRO has upgraded...Eman Mudiay is in the lineup!"
If Austin come to Indonesia he should try Indonesian food cause indonesian food is delicious
Doctors and nurses from this hospital will travel to Washington to study at HFC through our Medical English programs.
you motherfucker you got me pregnant I thought we were SAFE.
been up 2 days now no sleep
News from our amazing friend, : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: STORE OPENS JAN 10TH! 4631 Airport Blvd #119!!! Spread. The. Word.
#liesthatalwaysworked I'm on the pill, we'll be fine.
You're damn right.
That looks like something might do with his free time.
Macs and coffee: the two most popular things at
orange juice >>>
Loaded up on more Belgian beers than I can drink tonight. Got me an Orval, Piraat, Rochefort 10, Gouden Carolus Easter and Boucanier Blond
Just revisiting your page. You simply have the best bio and location on twitter.
Remarkably, re: basketball leagues, both my WI keeper roto (2nd) & NY auction h2h (1st) are in-play on final day of goofy, all-INJ. season.
pls follow if you see this tweet. mahomie4life
This fat bitch jus broke the seat on the bus lmfao
I'm allowed to like 'ayo technology' right?
I'm in love with Kristin Key and Rob Troy. Coolest comedians ever. And funny too.
Sorry, meant to send the invite from this account. You're still welcome!
Btown tonight anyone?
I feel important now !
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw your teeth
congrats to you and your daughter!
I'm teaching a fitness class tonight at 11pm for the new freshman! I must be crazy...I just hope I get a good turnout!
Just got in an argument with my mom... Boa.
I'm so happy right now.
Why not start the weekend on tuesday
Almost did it... Wow.
thanks for following
Stop speaking german were in america
<<< Crazy, Sexy, Cool
#He_Who_Knows_All thinks that people like
Been a minute twitter world.
HAHA. But wait, here comes Rex Brothers, ugh. RT : Esmil Rogers strikes out Matt Kemp. No, your Twitter is not busted. We swear
wear a condom before you fuck anything
i one of your twelve million followers specifecaly 8 million plz follow me
oh that sucks hope they can fix it for u
Met a guy who told me he was teaching a class called Pop South - stolen from my blog of the same name. Isn't that a copyright infringement?
Just mowed my lawn in the middle of February. Crazy weather!
don't make me split your shit player lol
Drafts at the draft. In my apartment.
Hey InsanelyCorrupt! Thanks for following!
Overheard a small child ask his mom if clouds are made of marshmallows. Man, little kids are idiots.
I am in fucking love with musically inclined men.
Left is Right | Surprise! A left-right debate emerges in Quebec, and it's a little bitter - Winnipeg Free Press
Dr. Energy Saver Columbia Employees Awarded BPI Certification Dr. Energy Saver Columbia has recently had two employees certified by the B
Backlash Against Consumerism - Handicraft Sites Turn Hobbies Into Big Business
thanks! I'll let you know what we end up planning!
looking forward to it, enjoy the day and say hi to Minneapolis for me.
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
do you have a link to the live feed?
You've really enjoyed yourself making it to haven't you?x
No! That's good! Take a free shower while you can!
What you mean!? No Popeyes!? Kenny SMASH!
Where are all my #mahomies at!?
God be with you and your family. I pray for a full healing for you. Hope you play again soon. Much love and respect.
Put Montee Ball on Heisman ballot as well
Happy 24th Birthday
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. - Zig Ziglar
Notre Dame rookie duo in Minnesota Vikings secondary - NFL News
I learned How to hold my own. I thank God for that cuz he knew I had to deal with those kind of ppl
i got the GOLDEN ticket to go vaca w/justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Seriously, is spiky hair in right now for men? Not a fan. #bachelorette On a positive note, I like drama surrounding helicopter guy. Fun!
Will Smith came from the hood of Philly to the mansions of Bel Air. I came from the rich 'burbs of Philly to the ghettos of LA.
Its raining hard, but ready to hit the streets of Houston today! Have a great day you all!
thanks...it's become unnecessarily complicated.
"what he say?" "he was jus so chill." "what he say?" dam jus answer the question bitch
Congrats, cuz...what flav? Eatin' homemade pizza over here
Best out of office response ever: "Back the 15th, unless we capsize."
haha! That will make us look really cool. Kind of like purple shirt guy. ;-)
im 15 i not 2 ung aw u just braked myh eart i give i m gonna leve twitter dis time4 good an i just wantedu u no
Good Morning...When God takes something from your grasp, He's not punishing you but merely opening your hands to receive something better.
thanks for tweeting this!
#Sixers are injuring everyone.
Well I wanna see pacman fight may 5th..
time to go chill nd listen to
Book us!!
Scott!!! What a great surprise!!! We should catch up. I have no idea where you are!!! I hope you are doing well.
Ohh okk, u got a pone
Shake that booty, like it was an etch-a-sketch :D
Yaa can't tell me nothing, right.
$150 per is face value
Just walked out of Carrie - The Musical BRAVA to cast and creative team they lost the spectacle and found the heart! Go see it!!!
I love you so much!!! I would try to walk on water for you and i can't even swim! #sinkorswim lol
no you shouldn't its alright! The first few mins were good. And Puck scenes are amazing!
Culatta: Talking about interest in digital badging
Can't I be lounging spool side with right now? #whyme ... Sucks to be indoors on a beautiful day.
I'm here the whole week. When are we hanging out and watching Julia Roberts movies?
temporarily... it's getting upgrades. Doors expanded to fit new trucks, etc.
So fun! Ask some #HCR q's! Here's the plan. When goes offline, send us your queries. Use
they are a hard rock band.
I Fell asleep at 5Am ..... hell nah lmao
Dunkin Donuts coffee is so hot that I have to wait like 4 train stops before I can start sipping it.
#OomfNeedsTo stop fuckin around and be wit me i kno she want to
To my sportswriter friends, my buddy has officially tied DiMaggio's 56 game hittimg streak on MLB2K12, this.is worth covering, right?
I wish I had blue eyes
"Accidentally retweeting" bs.
I love It when I feel you near, though you're miles away.
Reggae music brings me back to my childhood days. It's in my blood....
Anyone that drives 965 miles for Taco Bell should be kicked in the head repeatedly.
Headed to Gruene Hall to open for Dad!
So excited for tonight! Blockheads, Margaritas, and dancing with ! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When I was there yesterday, I should have asked if Sibley has a padded room. B/C the stupid I am dealing w/ today might lead me to one!
Just saw 2 teen boys near Riverside H.S. share their pizza w/ a homeless guy on the corner. I love seeing kids get it right.
Ok if you people don't get a handle on your spam problems i.e. change your passwords or something I will unfollow. That's 4 in the last hour
I just found your wonderful videos on Fibonacci numbers and spirals. I'm going to show the kids at my library.
If I were you is take them to south padre....the beer flows like water there. I went there twice for sb...awesome!
After looking at Twitter trends and popular hashtags, you start to doubt the future of humanity.
Q3. I think the more we collaborate, guest post on each others blogs etc…the better off we will all be!
If you let go of what is in your hand,GOD will let go of what is in his hand. Let it go...jealousy,anger,hatred,revenge,gossip,
Good luck Duwan Anderson... I wish you would have known earlier, but I'm still rooting for you as a kid from Nthrn.
pandora is great
Thug Nasty ??
I need my Thunders back :(
now if he can make Cassie dream about me then i will pronounce him the greatest man in the universe lol xD
True love is not measured in hugs and kisses, but in struggles and fears, and those who can work though those possess true love.
WEIIIIRRD! I have heard of this...creepy and weird
it always works out!
HELLO SUMMER VACATION!
alright, well thanks!
When did Tom Cruise become a archery expert
Listening to we are young by fun, thinking of youth....
hoe, ive been pretty great. You?!
hehe no problem!
Sadly for me it's better - it's never as hard to catch up when you've been checking emails at least daily throughout the vacation!
I already had some, but it wasn't cold! Extra stop on way home = small price to pay for good, cold beer.
Hey Big Bro we should talk soon!
The elevator light is on. That means I pressed it. You don't need to press it 15 more time you idiot. I'm not standing here bc it's fun.
I wish I could of retweeted #oomf tweet! Too funny!
I'm good ova here nt stressin on a damn thang !! Money good right now & I workin to make it better!!!
Note: the 500 blk of 24th St., NE is closed - due to water service repairs.
Lighting strikes every second! -Allen
Let me sip on some of that!
I will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.
Dressed for success.
There has to b a catch. I found free parking in NY.
Rubbing the back of my head after work, don't mind doing it while you're...oh never mind
sounds amazing!“: breakfast idea: whole wheat English muffins with alternating spreads of Nutella and Cherry preserves. SO GOOD.”
I so can't wait to take a nap on lunch...tired as fuck. That's what I get for hunching and being nasty till wee hours in the night. Lol
Since I feel like I haven't been on in a while.... #followspree Lol
They just want the lyrics over Twitlonger!!
Lutherville got a shoutout on #madmen last night?
Looking for that missing piece to the puzzle right about now.
Fresh Out The Shower...#SmilingGood!
yes, and misuse it, like in landscape on iPad
This is why I don't come out the house at these hours!! ppl don't know how to drive!
Stop in today GRIND for a fresh cup of Mild (GRIND House Blend) or Bold (Blue Heeler) If you don't like coffee try a Italian soda.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
Just a gathering for my family friends and classmates i thought yall were coming doh jeff tweeted it for me
"Think before you app." - I love it!
Cassie, tamed and wonted to a settled existence
Did damn good on that black god video. The original cut slaps to.
I was just seriously asked if it was me in the paper passed out in the infield...pffft as if...I ain't no eff'ing rookie! Lol
me too!
RT Life brings ppl in our lives at diff seasons for diff reasons. Keeps life interesting.
Get better. We all love you. Your the best, josh. Soak up that sun.
is getting so many mentions from !!
": Oh Lawd! Lol! RT 3 people can be in the delivery room with me. I feel bad for them & my mommy. LOL
I bought a jump rope... $9.98
Just wait! There will be one! Imma find them & be in it. Haha
me? Well, I'm a Leo. What about you?
wordd some fresh shit, im tryna do some shit too so def let me know. we need some hype shit lol.
Having a grand time on Picnik Premium....until April 19. Hopefully I find some other awesome free photo tools before then.
Thank you :) How's your day?
so for la dolce dc, we sung songs to the theme of shakepeare's "the merchant of venice", and i wore armani and dolce & gabbana. what fun!
If yo baby can tell you they need their diaper changed, THEY GROWN ASS NEED TO BE USING THE TOILET!!
By the way, if you'd like payment ahead of May for the art, let me know! Enjoy the weekend.
Thanks for the RT!
I hate letting myself think. Cause then I do something I regret later.
FREE show at Kemah Boardwalk tomorrow. 2:30-4PM. We'll be outside infront of the fountains. See ya there!!
Oh Happy Day! Let this day be productive! Stay focused! Find the good and praise it! -SheaMoí Naturelle™
thanks for the s/o friend! how's your friday goin so far?
Don't worry about the world ending cuz it's not gonna happen until God wants it to. Look it up, it's in the Bible. Matthew 24:36
“: Love is fresh. Love is pure. Love is Heavenly. Love is NOT SUPPOSED TO BE A SECRET."
A Thousand Years by Christina Perri
Gonna go eat after school and be board cause big bear isn't here to fuck around with afterward
Yeah, that one totally is. I think you'll like the one I posted today much better. Happy Friday!
- As most (if not all) craft brewers are... Gotta' love the people in this industry. Incredibly passionate & humble.
you know my clumsy self...avoid traffic much?
haha no but it does still apply to you....
EP13s, #13 Scott Donnelly compares Capital Area Food Bank's twitter stats with Leadership Residency and Angelina Jolie's right leg.
LOL what class?
Why don't you take a look @ the site for yrself to see how we organize things? (Indexes, tags, search, etc.)
Sidney Crosby is a bitch
#asksugarrush is awesome :)
Absolutely! Dead ringer!
I knew you would go there.
awesome working with you! Thank you
well g`night twitter
Locking myself in the library until I get my work done or until my computer dies. Whichever comes first. I sure hope it's the former
If the "one thing" 1D is taking about is vagina then they can have it
It's official. The February issue is at the printer. Time to catch up on emails!
What's your choice for #breakfast? Toast or bagels? Can we bring toast back?
check your fb message when you got a chance giirlly (:
Francesca! Finally got a pic of her hahah I miss you two!
North Carolina, you have disappointed me.
No problem. Once they have a name, we can check our database to see if we have any photos (or other items of interest).
Awesome I will be sure to mark the calendar :-)
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
I am still KING, she is still afraid to check the mouse traps.
thanks for the follow AJ!
When #wholefoods puts the $23.99-per-pound smoked salmon on the salad bar, I feel like I'm taking down the man.
your not old 😉
lol! You're great DR!
Skype conversations: 5% Hey, how are you? 95% Can you hear me!?
bored. you perfection ? <3
OK, good. But I think he is destined for the KHL
and of course, and his MINbro, the new half-man-half-Burgandy
How'd your shoot go??
I rather fail knowing that I challenged myself than succeed knowing that I didnt.
Judging from the photos and I are taking right now, I think it's safe to say I go from 5'3" with no heels to giant w/ stilettos
In the test kitchen today: one of my Nana's recipes from childhood, but using an ingredient grown in Guatemala. Coffee Gelatin!
I miss my sprouts - how long til they're back?
I hate when people judge cause of the high school you went to or go to.
Yeeah no. STUPID!
Get 'im while he ain't across the dang room! Gogogogogogogo!
RT : Feels good going
why do you keep tweeting this.... It's ancient news. “: Google unveils browser, acknowledges debt to Apple ret ”
Gr'parents' landlady in 1950 married a paratrooper from WWII - had her wedding dress made from his parachute(!!!)
300 followers to go !!
Hey, if you don't know what CISPA is, google it.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
How about a little solidarity between Rice University and USF? I'll bet we both used Public Radio Capital to sell KTRU and KUSF..
Saturday's St Patrick's celebration was outstanding. Today, also at Fountain Park, at 2:30PM come for a free Irish music concert.
you can't be serious, with cal here what jersey will ever get retired and for what reason?
No one (except vendors of cool drinks) should be required to work when the temperature rises above 80 degrees.
Lord please bless me today with your glory...
thanks:D
that would be great for my newest blog idea, "These Are My Day Pajamas"
I did it with my evo. Just wondering if it is possible with the galaxy s2
Feeling loved!! And I love this feeling
“: Livingstone College. Home of the mighty BLUE BEARS!!!! ” It's the Gummies!!!!!!!! Yay!!
school tomorrow...
Looking good today.
Thank you! My wife is vetoing sushi, but I can't wait to go there. I have a 20% Off from Chinook! :) -Benjamin
Huge fist pump from Bruiser after that made three. Like he tweeted earlier... having a nice little saturday.
Being awake when the morning birds are chirping is quite interesting.
You seriously going to New Zealand? I'm going to be there the last week of March.
hahaha i remember u being nice bro
same here, my Eagles sucked this year
It was a 5K to benefit the Maple Dale-Indian Hill school district. Twas this morning starting from my driveway.
Custom Printed Mugs at NYC Printing 123. They are made to last!! Customize to your style.. Call now !! 646.833.8085
#FREE copy of #GirlWithThePearlEaring to the first 20 people to stop in the outlet & mention this tweet.
sleep,why must you evade me?
that bitch is stupid. did u see her video diary "leak"
As great as it is to get away for a vacation ... So good being home as I pull into San Diego!!
Best of luck to all of you auditioning today! We can't wait to see your faces in the Del Close Theater!!!
Starting over is hard....especially when you're starting over without the person you've been with for so long.
Ask better questions of your target audience says
IPhone 5 now we are talking.. Let me find out a release date.. As I want one as well
I'm fixin to BBQ some Chicken California sun shine all day. :)
Kobe Bryant x Los Angeles Lakers x Game 7 x Staples center
in February I will singing a very different tune on my way to work.
Idk if i should curl or straighten my hair tomorrow? :o
On my way!
I looked into it for ya, it's called being Spanish
#rageagainsthemachine is the band most responsible for most of my frequency loss. Thanks
go get 'em tiger!
My roommates are outside chopping cans of beer in half with a samurai sword.... this is my life. -__-
chris brown
Babymama is not a title you want to take pride in
Date night at the Barn, it's a beautiful thing.
The Cantina Song should be the soundtrack for everything.
When my mascara runs down my face from taking a shower is not a pretty sight 😁
I get to see in 3 more days!!!
Finish up at job número UNO now it's time to start J…O…B number two
This is tricky, I once pulled up a bunch of "weeds" before I figured out they where beautiful poppies. Sad face..
cheers for the #ff! Have a good weekend!
Unruly Music festival coundown 8: premieres new graphic scores by faculty Kevin Schlei and Amanda Schoofs on March 10.
She'll be back. Without hammers we're both absolute sweethearts.
for sure. Same exact pic happened durin the WTO riots.
Great first half.
My brush still works!
Happy Tuesday morning!
Tomorrow! ": We can't wait to be a part of #pcbw! Event goes from 6-9 at Look for too!"
Yes ! Beauty Bar! fashion show and magic after party!
Im on a boat
its the quiet before the storm. Prepare yourself for 2012. :)
going to my brothers deb soon ! (: haha
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers today!
plz follow me.. I love u!!
Devin?! You must be crazy. Getting Kidd was the first step in getting that big gold trophy.
Complete bullshit. Sox blow an 8 run lead to lose by 6 in 3 innings and the bruins lost. It's time for bobby v to wake the fuck up!
cuz I've sat with this girl that needs company
So mad I just broke my camera ugh!
Chun: Notion of personal network computer can only be an oxymoron.
Finally School's over and Summer Break is here!:) 
Realized that I haven't played Angry Birds in months - must be losing its charm
Best compliment tonite- youre outfit is amazing from head to toe, bag and accessories! Thanks!
its my one brush with celebrity! I went to school with Kerry Washington.
I dont give a fuck who you are you will not get away with hating on austin.
will you be meeting fans after the concert?
#Big3 #Detroit getting shout outs from
hey what's up:-)
Larger books and classics do that to me. I have to read something lite between or I have a hard time with the next book
so cold! We keep jackets in the office! Next will be heaters under the desk and knoodle blankets ;)
We were Friday and Saturday nights, and it was definitely the perfect place for a late night meal and dessert.
Intergrity,Honesty,And Ethic Pay Off . Stay True To Your Self
Tweet it...only if u mean it. They last forever.
I thought that post was so spot on!
Your knowledge will make you, but your ego can break you
My 2 year old neighbor called me Dinzy. Lol!!! Love that kid XD
#WeCantBeTogetherIf "/ yu wake up im the morning & the first thing yu want to do is kiss me before brushing yo teeth . Turn Off !'
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that" Martin Luther King Jr.
shut up an take this dick lol
Original. Artsy. Efficient. How does the remake compare?? “: The original or the remake? What did you think?"
I thought about you the other night when I was watching the premiere. I heart her so much!
miss you guys so much
Can't wait for Recommended Reading: what an exciting project!
Watch MNF at Whiskey Tango tonight! Saints vs Falcons. Breese tries to break Marino's record! Great food/drinks!
My copy of 's book One Day It'll All Make Sense is in!
Second base ump had originally called him safe.
I'm going to be there and look forward to seeing your review!
Writing some new songs on 's off-day from the tour.
"I'm for the gays and I don't wear brown" my mom imitating
RULES 2 - we will pick one RANDOM WINNER of 4pm Trivia question at 4:30pm EST from list of correct answers
Just realized one good thing about 29...Rhymes with WINE, so it can't be that bad right?!!!
Thank you for being a rocking team and saving my weekend!
i care about you too much, that's the problem.
The homosexual also has special problems during the middle years. Aging seems particularly stressful, ...
meh. i don't need to listen to covers...ever.
hey you always have me ☺
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
SLGT would be perfect.
RT : 7 sites you should be wasting time on right now
feel so nice with the clean cut c:
Thanks for the Jonathan Harvey link, Michel. Very much.
The way you talks to me.. Herp-Derp
John Milius said that Hollywood was "the only thing I can think of remotely as horrible as war."
What was wrong with Rick Carlisle. Post game press conference wardrobe.
gauging what's "best" is based off your biz- no media is strategic without a strategy.
Watching Google Refine demo, realizing how incredibly useful the data viz workshop by at was!
Well ignorance is everywhere. I have a parent from each side of the country. I get called Yankee often when visiting my dad.
I stumbled upon your website today. I really love it! ;)
Now I just need to come up with a vegetarian main dish and a vegetable side dish....
#3WordsForYou suck.my.dick
I just ate many dehydrated apples.
Yes, glad I grabbed your attention. Weird letdown after such an intense Oscar season.
House alarm goes off that someone opened a door and no one is there...creepy
Im too nice sometimess, gotta learn how to not give into things sometimes!!
The backup is much appreciated! :) Thanks.
Saw Carmina Burana at the Kauffman center tonight, impressive place, and very well done by the UMKC conservatory too.
aha thank you. Was that 2 or 3 stupid questions in a row? ;)
Rihanna Gives Sexiest ‘Saturday Night Live’ Performance Ever
OFFICER LEADERSHIP PROGRAM!!
wikis work really well for that here. Wikidot engine introduces coding to people & lowers barrier of entry to HTML & CSS
Happy Easter friends! How are you celebrating today?
The greatest revenge is simply happiness, because haters hate to see you live a happy life. ♥
george is like a mad scientist in the studio haha
you a class clown and if i skip for the day i'm with your bitch smokin grade A
We will give out another free loaf of bread at 200 fans! Spread the word and tell your friends to "like" us!!
FINALLY saw the HootSuite owl mobile cruising downtown this weekend. So cool!
Ahh, do it! Used to hate it (so Tumblr-ish) but I've come to like it. Would you get it prof done? I'm going the DIY route 😳🙏
Can I Skype With You I Havent Tweeted To You Before I Only Right On Your FB Wall Sorry I Have Wanted To Skype With U FOR A WHILE
#Giro Spello is to the right (starboard) of the race. We should surely see soon the classic view from the W.
That child 50 cent making BET syndication movies now...
Just trying to do something productive today....
What the fuck is going on?!
I eanna know why I ant sleep...maybe it's the fucking 2 bottles of mntn dew I drank.hell why not?
Rhapsody Music-Streaming App Bound for iPhone -spun1 | china ...
I found a great way to get your man motivated to clean out the garage -- have him watch the TV show "Hoarders".
Time for raw! Starting with the cena - lesnar contract signing!
Someone/anyone text me!
Tip for project evaluation: "Every state has State Statistical Agency - ask if they can help." Burke Fitzpatrick, SC
The feeling of relief after having to pee for 2 hours..
TODAY? What time? Got it picked out already!
got you!!!
Book arrived. Plan to dig in this weekend.
theres these two boys in the sunday class at my church that are super cute.... except im in the staurday class.. how stupid
Hey why wouldn't boise state be a good Target for the #big12. They are becoming a national brand.
Heading to downtown for pre-BASHH dinner. Hope there will be parking available.
AWESOME!! MT “: Thought u'd like to know received 2nd place metal from 2nd for team" cc
Ponder just breathed a sigh of relief
PERFECT. And broke back mountain and maybe some Harry potter!!
Can't Sleep ;0 & I Have A Soccer Game I'n The Morning -_-
What is going on this week! Tons!! Come down for a stroll through EA and check out those exhibitions you missed on FF
And to blossom-scented fresh air breezing through the windows. RT : ♥ To sun shining, birds singing & spring in our steps! ♥
Sad day, my bf isn't here :(
studying blows
I love Joe...but you can't accomplish anything with dropped balls and missed targets. #ExecuteMyGenius =
did you make it to Specs?
come to play with me in buffalo
Can we see a pic of the dress
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)35
you played great sir... it was an honor to be on the sidelines with you
Are you ok dear, I am sorry for those that lost family in the earthquake. My prayers go out to them.
Y Do I Still Feel Lik Dis
I was just on my feet for 6 hours. Yes, I'm tired.
Oh wow... he's cool!
#NowPlaying ”You are on our side” by
=) thank you
About to watch my recording of :) #EXCITED! Had class so couldn't watch it live. :/
I don't get why everyone wants to come to Florida. Honestly it's not that amazing here. It's pretty stupid actually -.-
Easy win for
#NowFollowing (: You should deffinitly go follow him and he will #FollowBack (:
Let's go Seth just need a single to H in! #rockies v
concert tomorrow with and Courtney!!!! So excited!<333333
Giggle giggle giggle giggle giggle, yeah!
The immaturity level of some of the freshman is astounding. You guys need to grow up. Fast.
Started laundry at 7am this morning. Just finished drying it.
Hey How are things going?!
Welcome back to ! Hope everyone had a fun and exiting spring break!
Christian≠American, just in case that isn't clear to anyone. Both labels need to be reimagined.
So much drama, lol. Is it really necessary?
got a meeting at 3 and dont kno where it is smh
Homemade green juice for breakfast, Bonegarden quesadilla for lunch. Same same, right?
maybe i just don't like singing.
Put it down on me.
I won't be able to get the time off of work that fast. I was thinking maybe CMA Fest, but you're probably working it, right?
Heading to to get my #blackjack on (thanks btw for the follow guys!)
U wanna do something follow me n read everything that I have said....is crazy
I'll always be here even if I don't tweet :)
omg you read it?? have you seen the cover as well? the whole story is hidden from the world until it's... time
brownish red...:/
I think so; they will also have a kid in this year's draft from SIU
I tried to not dislike her but it just didn't work out
Anyone on Gentlemint? I'm still waiting for my login to the manly , better go hit the barbershop, the gym, and the bar!
u shoulda told me u didn't have a phone and you shoulda emailed me not tweeted I been 2 busy 2 check twitter
Mock the behavior, not the object. Bigfoot is just an implementation detail.
RT hash tag that name if you are referring it in any context . U shoulda came Fitzy
Hey everybody go follow please, you wont regret it,!
I confess that I'm quite a news junkie, but those questions seemed easy for anyone who pays any attention at all.
Ugh is it Monday already?!
(well..really I just wanted to sing & dance like her on a rooftop wearing a frilly purple dress :)
Viva la Healthcare Summit!
I think we should set it up at your pad
We really enjoyed the "Petoskey Stone" video.
Never got it to work on the phone but works fine on the ageing lappy that works as my TV.
Oh come G.Clooney, good-looks can't make up for a lack of common sense!
Must have a plan in order to move forward
Hope you had a great night.
Some people obviously didn't check the weather report this morning...
Only two weeks till Jesus Christ Superstar & Midsummer Nights Dream Auditions 1-4pm @ CSV Cultural Center 107 Suffolk St ,NYC! ages 12-21
Well it'd be about an eight hour audiobook! My kids could handle that (if I had kids that is...)
lol you won't say nothin to nobody though 
The Down and Over Pub is up at Licenses Committee...could b an interesting one
I love ice ... 4 Twine, 2 flip, 5 swallows and I at school: D
can't wait to get back to Germany.10 months in the US were awesome but I miss my country.
People are on social media to talk to other people - Charles Porch
im not.
had a ball...
Thank you so much for the #FF love.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook people who kill your STREAM cause whatever they think to say so doesn't go with your post or picture! #WHY ?
<333 aww fer sure but fer real man we got 7 weeks!
My hubby gave 20 yrs of his life w/NO rights to organize, or even speak his mind. Be cautious about dividing Left & Right.
"I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze Magazine!"
We haven't even settled on the phonetic spelling of the Law & Order sound, Louis! First things first.
send me some music g
Thanks for the follow Go Pack
So at american jewelry loan Lmaoo thiss ppl look mad ass fuck !
Good to see attacking the basket & finishing. is our toughest kid & cleans the glass. Will replace Robert Evans.
Just got ice cream from the ice cream truck.!:D<3
nice!rya meet for a brew
I hate it when people call me a spoiled brat. I'm not a brat. I work hard, and I reward myself for it. Get your facts straight
today is just a day of non-stop crying. fuck.
How are you today, Sharon? Any thoughts on "Victor & Sharon" being Lovers & a Couple on "Y&R"?
Let's make these last few weeks count
plus she have a bf so I stopped
Tonight's #Brewers Tavern of the Game - Doolittle's Pub & Eatery in Lancaster (birthplace of my mom!) The town, not the pub.
#NationalBeverageDay and I'm on my 2nd cup of coffee.
#BieberOnTheVoice It's about time for us girls to lose our ovaries, who needs them anyways?!?!?!
Dude, when is AZ in your schedule?
I'm working that's why I'm here
#chargers picking up where they left off last year in special teams... Kick return on them for touchdown on opening kickoff
Doing my hw for Mock Interview.
she hasn't been G'd out a day in her life.
I like the way i dress i dont care if it doesnt fit anyones standards
missing dat chocolate where u @?
did you tweet today
Ugh your such a cutie pie C':
All I could think for the last 20 minutes of the call every time this jokah opened his mouf: #WhyIzYouHollarin' Simmah down.
If we break up or stop talkin and you tell me we can't be friends then you and your number gets deleted out my life and phone
oh dammit you retweeted my horrible apostrophe transgression. fist shake.
On today's agenda: formulating an all-natural body scrub + fine tuning the hair conditioner formula. What fun! Lol!
follow me!♥
I am gay. And I am for marriage equality.
I need a life coach to tell me what to do with my life. Not career wise... But personal wise!! Ugh!!!
Need you by travie mccoy is so.. amazing.
At #ranchobernardo Hats Off to Volunteers, where will be thanking hundreds of volunteers for making RB a great community.
GRCH proudly announces Walter’s on Washington (4215 Washington Ave) as the venue for our end of camp live music showcase.
Does Tim Tebow play baseball?
RT : Don't include IT on your permanent content governance board.
AW READY KINFOLK THAT'S THE BIZ WILL BE TOUCHING DOWN SOON
might pick up that st Vincent single. Maybe some t Rex and uncle tupelo
This moment right now is pretty fucking close to perfect'
Get YOUR TAN ON! Wear green and get 17% OFF your purchase today only! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $55! MEMBERSHIP and LOTION specials too!
my parents piss me off to feelin is mutual girl !
Yes! Fashion reference, love it.
The candid logic behind Greg Oden's nude pic policy continues to amuse me, even two days after I read it. So shruglife about it.
Never outsource more than 90% of your offshore production.
Good morning to you too. Have a prosperous week..look forward to tweeting with you....ciao bella
Iowa's defense is terrible. NIU's QB has toms of time. staring down his targets, scrambling and moving the 2 min drill with ease
thanks love :)
Happy St.Patrick's Day guys! I'm not wearing green :p
no better way to spend a Wednesday morning.
What did I do before having a smarty phone while I was waiting in line at Disneyland as a kid?
wow ok -__-
STOP already w/ the terrible music you are forcing those adorable children to listen to.
what class are you in right now?
#8 mile, always a winner, no matter how mamy times ivr seen it c:
Stop tweeting and work!
Still pissed i did not see before she left ... but its all my fault
We are opting into Big Brother now (with our social interactions).
Really wish I could be golfing right now with but work has to ruin everything.
nigga tell em they dnt offer the program ur tryna do and even if you did, you would have to transfer after two years
thx for the heads up! We luv hearing stuff like this. Which Shawn deserves this hug? His last name/ can you tell me more abt him?
Bad news: only 1 of 3 students showed up today for class. Good news: focused teaching for that 1 student's needs. Lemons = Lemonaded.
Great evening at Coors thanks to Cargo and Smith and the Rockies.
Everyone gotta break down once in a while... I'm just glad I got an amazing person to listen to all of it.
if i did a cover of the apple tree and sent you the link, would you watch it? :)
Working on developing a new energy bar....filled with protein, fruit and vitamins. Tastes really good...just need to give it a name now.
So I got an email from the Huffington Post, the UNM frat boy death story is going on national news
So happy!!!
well okay then...
With so many reality shows being picked up, I'm really missing shows like #NipTuck these days.
I recall a service "boxed facts" that was a great resource when looking to add a little meat to a proposals. Can't find it now. Ideas?
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life. Aphra Behn
agreed she is great!!
I'm quite a chauvinistic person,
Wouldn't change this for the world. Can't wait till next weekend.
Notice me?
"@ your library" program at IFLA. Learn what Argentina, Taiwan and Barbados are doing to promote libraries. Rm 209, 16:00-18:00
Cant wait ; Starting U4ria dance soon! :D
I like Rap diss tracks..... N.W.A vs Ice Cube !
This--> Q4 Learning new things every day!
good morning and good nite for some as well... i hope your day/slumber does ya good!
yes! lets do it soon, before jets off west! cc et al
i didnt hear about it on news, sorry to hear!
shouldn't that be "about to beef"?
Shootingthe w/ whole WE THE BEST TEAM .. U better know who I'm talkin about =) in the building
Talk is cheap brah.. get a refund.
follow my new page thx
and dont forget my money
I'd be happy to put together a proposal (or make the calls) if there's enough interest.
Cardio time w/ my mother!!... Aka Shopping! :)
The comments on said article rightly called out the author for being a moron who doesn't pay attention and is years behind the rest of us.
Kickoff of the 2011 college football season this weekend. Boise St. and Georgia is what I'm watching tomorrow. Georgia upset baby!
each of them will perform together
that how the line was yesterday when i went 2 go see them but dont worry its tottally worth the wait the show was amazing!
I'll go kayaking - when?
Mi phone so lonely! >.<
hollie is safe again after every night she is in the bottom. #idol What a joke.
Yes sir
will you come to chicago some time? follow me? mention me in a tweet? itd mean the world to me!!! #thanksily!!!
Someone said happy mother's day to me when I had my sister with me. the fuckkk.
Seriously. It was a significant effort.
Watching the Vampire Diaries Yay then Degrassi then some sleep :) then early morning Angel and Charmed :)
Making an STM Website
YEAH! Where you guys at? #SWMadison finishes tomorrow !
Guy @ the gym oiling up b4 his workout and now he's leaving oil stains on every piece of equipment. Seriously. I'm going to call him "BP"
respect the
Any RObotz ready for a contest? How about Roshons Autograph? Follow and RT this to enter! & We will make sure you are following us!
We have various designers in our lobby right now selling jewlery, accessories, handbags and photgraphy. Come check it out!
Shake It Up!
so who's excited for #Bamboozle this year? I want to go but I might be graduating that day
Funny thing is I was 30 minutes slower than the fastest guy in the field!!!
Many thanks! Just started Twitter acct w Fairgrounds Resale.
Haha, love it!! and ditto... RT Everybody, holla at my friend !! :)
And how will the Heat handle it when the Spurs take away LeBron and/or Wade?
> i have the money, she needs to do it.
Thank you for the mention of ISE!
I love the site :) I guess it has been a while. Hm, going to write you down to remember to check in regular-like
"fuck ur dreams, this is reality!" - George W. Bush
Congrats to Jeff Fitts - BassRanking #1 Fisherman in Florida. ( and long time Jethro Pro Staff Angler) Way to go Jeff !
Have a great weekend, Everyone. We'll be back on Monday.
My life isnt easy, stop telling me im so lucky for what i have when theres no one who cares enough to listen .
Don't be so afraid to die!
For Tweet-a-Pitch: Tweet using #TriDPitch - editors follow thread & request full submissions as warranted.
What is one decision you could make that would change your life for the better?
aloha thx for the info! Hard to plan a trip to snow while in HI! :-)
hahaha. No you haven't done anything to deserve it, that's just me being a douche haha.
With our cartoblast unit you can clean your cartomizers within seconds. Works great with all sizes and all e-cigs
Let go and let god handle it
Nice...and true.
And finally: Your analysis & writing are sharp, &smart, &funny. Commit to trying to do at least one 500-700 word thing a day
This NFL Pro Bowl is a joke! Half ass running, this is way worse than the NHL All-Star game.
Only in NASHVILLE!
I love date night. You sit around toasting yourself for having the good sense to have paired up with each other and then there's cake.
just spent almost $100 on books for school & my own personal edification. sad about the amount but happy about the product.
"There is only one secret to #CrisisComm, always be prepared." - David Marriott on the accident of 2000.
Hate people who choose
me too where are you :(?
Tomorrow I'll be making a guest appearance at the Grand Ave Lounge...
got some where to be in like 4 hours but if i lay down now....lets just say
Bango has nicer handles ": Fields had a good first half but has gotten a little deer-in-the-headlights-y."
Sad. Hope you feel better. RT : Sick in a hotel room.
story of my life! RT“: Why is it that when i wake up early, im late, but when i wake up late, im on time? #?”
bieber or the other one?
That is one of the creepiest things I've ever seen! Also, were they using some of the oldest computer technology out there?!
Cloudsnapathon today with and at
and i slay metronomes hahahah
we'll fly till there is no wind :)
can you help me?
A heartfelt thanks to our new followers.
There is honestly nothing better in the world than Hostess mini donuts.
have to reschedule tues. meeting will run to 6ish :o( do you have dinner plans? otherwise, another day.
Juan Uribe is placed on the DL for 15 games with a sore wrist.
This Wednesday outside the Brown Garden come chill out with icees and iced coffe, 3-5. Or just enjoy a regular cup of joe, we have it all!
Oh no my laptop just restarted
Q. What do you call a lawyer with an I.Q. of 50? A. A Senator.
So hot, can't wait to be in AC office....can't believe I'm saying that!
: Thanks for the RT last night!
Presentation planning: think first, create slides second. If you fail to prepare, prepare to fail. SIMPLIFY!
missing my baby
#Breaking: give all clear at Cleveland HS in SE Portland after a bomb threat. No device found. Students are back in class.
Time to pour out a 40 oz. of skim milk for the Rick #Santorum presidential campaign.
Apparently I've been awake so long that I can't read the program.
Don't Forget About Us <3
When inventing new words, beware of autocorrect. The name of a conf I attended this week was corrected twice - 1st by iPhone, then by google
LOVE IT - makes me excited for the full release! :-)
Forest whitaker in dis movie wit some braids o_0... him and samuel l jackson jus get too adventurous wit they hairstyles
I'm too sleepy. Waitin on these ppl to get the hell outta here. They messin with my rest
Oh yeah. I pull it out to look at right before the weekly stoning.
sometimes the most profound touch you can feel, requires no touch at all: the lingering of a past touch, the longing for a new one. -TTW
you have way too many pairs of sneakers ! Lol
yeah, yeah, realized my error moments ago... working toward correcting it!
not saying they played well at the end, they sucked, but it's one game
thank u!! I'm so excited about it!!
That dog thing in the hunger games scared the living shit out of me..
Mention that you saw us on Twitter, and you can save 15 percent off your pet door with us!
will regift/return depending if I think its regiftable but I had hubbys grandma give his mom our gift to her the following year
Welcome back, Josh Brown!
#thingsigottateachmyson being male is not an excuse for using violence
how have you been?
you dont need to thank me. I am also part of it. but im glad i bought it. now you have it back :D
I need another good black boy band to pop up.
www.mikedote.com . Let me know what you think.
Who ya got today - Reds or Blues?
i feel like Warren Jeffs with my fantasy teams
one thing to remember is it was never designed to do what it is currently being asked to do
I feel like the FB statuses about marathons/races people are running are becoming as annoying as statuses about people's children.
Love all of the vintage fashion images!
It doesn’t matter if you try and try and try again, and fail, It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
Just make sure they don't confiscate your passport. ;)
"I hate when someone takes a picture & you're a man!"
This exatcly what i need.xD
When did they change the layout of twitter?
Thank you. And yes, scary is the word.
This is going to be a tough
I walk into a room and I see watching #CallMeMaybeVideo haha I got her addicted
heyy i followed! :)
Nice! What tool(s) did you use? ^RB
Hey #REDSOX FANS! We're the official Hotel & offering U exclusive 20% off rates when in #Boston for the #baseball game at
man i had fun as shyt this weekend with my niggaass wild as shyt
lol, I know some people think he is talented but some people also like nickelback
I WANT to owe you a chat!!!
I'm looking forward to getting to know all you fantastic artists out there.
going shooping lets see what crazzy things ill buy!!!!!!
I posted the picture on your fb wall :)
Haha, please thank him for the laugh!
"Reality TV just birthed a reality monster."
im sorry i cant do that
I got the email. Best news all day, hyped for it.
It's been said that to forgive is to set a prisoner free...only to discover the prisoner is YOU!
Just met the Vanderpumps.
You guys are the cutest!! #RaddonFamilyRocks RT : “: I'm a mom ninja” YES U R! Love you, see you soon. 😍
It's true, no one ever payed attention to Tina.
Dang. How would you feel if you were guilty of killing a legend?
no idea. Have seen some say they used it as early as 2001, now seems to be experiencing a resurgence.
What are they cosplaying? RT : We'll be hosting our first #cosplay #wedding this week! Very exciting :D
Just learned a great word.
now we just need a Portlandia "I'd Eat It" video.
But ill admit I kinda like it still. #whydoyouhavetobesofine ?
Is it just me or are Burbank Starbucks the date spots of the valley?
You've got a way to keep me on your side. You give me cause for love that I can't hide. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
better get ready to open his wallet lol
Hi miss u so MUCHH ! xx
I've had a picture of him at my desk ever since.
Access anywhere, anytime forcing the exposure of login forms to the outside world + most people use the same password. = Disaster.
I love to dance.
it's a drinking meeting
Taken away on stretcher. RT : Anyone see what happened to the fan at Rockies-Giants game?
A week of GOD-SIZED things happened this wk in Haiti...now back in Nashville to see my AMAZING FAMILY, RECHARGE & head back 2 Haiti nxt wk!
NOW I'm hittin the sack. Night. ♥
Pineapple Express or A walk to Remember? Tough decisions on TV tonight...
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 3
The internet delivers. RT Henry Denham!
I propose - just for 2012 - that if the get the lead in any game, they automatically win
time Howard had 1 Goal and 1 assist this season, Liverpool should buy him
Yup, he owes it all the NF. :P Wow, you have it on BR? I still only have it on vintage VCR....I think i'm the only person in the
My kiddo rode her bike 3 miles today -- can't say that the allure of treats at Sticky Fingers vegan bakery wasn't motivation! :)
yes...but im changing it back...i just dont think I look good in it. But its me and cam soo...
Its a sabotage love
I licked my fingers and ate the plagues.
Actually typed a couple a pages of creative writing! Seems like more, must be like 4 written. :)
How do u make several photos into one on instagram??
"Playing a different show every night in front of a new crowd." Gotta fall asleep to 's voice, or I just won't sleep..
#ifiwereu i would think before i speak
most guys say hey u see da game? Not did u see #hotincleveland? I'm a let u tell me about it tho. Peace n luv homie I aint judging
AH-MAZE-ING nite w and at Apple Store Lincoln Park. I have some pretty damn awesome women in my life.
word, is macys having a sale?
~ 8 Shopping Days till my B-Day. Just sayin'. lol
"Believe it can be done. When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it. Believing a solutio
yo touring stl? check out lemp mansion..pan fried chicken..pirrones pizza.. forest park(jewelbox)...cathedral
About to work out.. I want a hot body for warped. c:
#mudmelt Kehoss works with graphene-graphite that is one atom thick...I think!
do you mean TopShop? We have that over in Scotland, its has really nice stuff!
I was thinking the same thing. Wash tub cookie house paper eggnog bags.
"Serving visitors' needs is more powerful marketing than any billboard or ad" So true
Fuck I'm turning into my parent's
will check DM in a few.
Its black af outside. Im scared lol
"daddy dont forget to pay my speeding ticket!"
GOTTA DO THE HEALTHY THING, HOW R U DOIN STRANGER..... NO LOVE NO MORE ?
Welcome to Seattle!! We're so happy to have you!! :)
Jamal for 295. 1 yard is no real difference
~ I will never b able to watch a fancy feast comericial again with out lmao thinking about this tweet
wow, Floyd wins in incredible fashion!
would love to!!! So glad i got to hear you :) beautiful songs and killer voice!!!
my circle aint as big as you think rank crazy but i still can count all my friends in 1 hand ! # trueshit
This feels like Monday - big time.... Gonna need 6 Starbucks today
ah gotcha, i've got two siblings too and went through that a bit several times when they were being interesting and i wasn't
Love Phillip Phillips Sr.! Love a man who gets emotional about his children and not afraid to show it. A great family!
“If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.” -Japanese proverb
Indians beat the Angels today, GoT didn't completely suck, and now I get to watch Mad Men. All in all, I say "win."
I keep asking questions so my points are dropping like flies. I'm around 80 or something
I Toatally Agree With You On That...But Do You Remember Me From "Kevin Hart Walmart In Dallas"?
Just woke up in a great mood... then realized I had to work in an hour
USC Columbia lib checks bags, but only the pocket that patron says has books. No bag check of you leave w/ books in hand, not bag.
My daughter won't believe me if I tell her you're following me.
Merry christmas eve to everyone
So many changes in the next two weeks. eek!
is this"convo" w Dimon on MTP a casual sitdown in lounge chairs? Wonder whose idea
Why are heads of file sharing companies held personally accountable for company crimes but heads of the oil companies or banks aren't?
Laying in bed watchin shahs of sunset
Looking to secure that first softball W tonight.
Hope I get to school by 12 so I can take this dumb AP test.
You like?
RT Friends r a joy live. Back in May. Threw berries, danced, have serious ideas abt fun, I'm His Girl's a tune.
I want to be the best I can. I want to be the best in who I am. And I'm gonna strive to be that no matter what.
The Dawgs take the floor vs. Oregon tonight at 6PM as the other tournament rolls on.
Q2: I haven't gotten much weird schwag in my short running history, but it has been fun giving away Go Sport IDs at a few events
Is there any way to stream the 3000m SC coming up in about an hour?
Worst lunch ever today! Avoid The Jungle Mexican Buffet on Powell in PDX. Nasty Fail food. Hope I don't get sick!
Bali is great, but you have to go inland to Ubud and other regions. Also hit up Gili Islands off of Lombok...
Gonna try being "guest hosts" at our club tomorrow night. That will be fun!
I want a Banana
If I see one more mesothelioma commercial I'm gonna be hysterical
Like i said the old Vince Carter would of dunked that lol.
a kim stan they didn't have nothing to say! They know nicki whack and had nothing to say to defend her
Happy Dia de Accion de Gracias... Thanksgiving for the English speakers
watching UK and LSU takes me back to panama city an
Baltimore Businesses, here's a great way to celebrate upcoming Earth Day, sign up for Clean Your Files Day for Businesses call 410-396-4511
how can I get Tricoci code sent to cell. Tried, but no luck. keeps sending toys/books coupon. Do I provide code at my visit
I love being a rebel!
[Psa18:1-3]FatherGod by LordChrist is our rock/fortress/deliverer/strength/buckler/salvation/high tower, in whom we trust & praise & call on
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Jimmy Eat Pancake, A Perfect Pancake, A Pancake To Remember LOL
I love people who can make me laugh when I don't even want to smile.
Woo hoo! Printable Evanced calendars are possible in Drupal.
Absolutely Brian! Def a trip down memory lane for all of us diehard #Blazer fans.
#Boston Tweet with your city’s hashtag here to help unlock the #Battleship screening!
I have a hangover from studying last night
Marriage, five minutes to get in and a LIFETIME to get out of! Ugh!!!
I witnessed a friend reading Ulysses and I decided that my hashtag might be #ulyssesin2011 if I'm lucky.
wow, you are going to get very, very fit!
My mom definitely just told me "Thanks for a great Christmas."
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Glass Tits
When we go on vacation, the biggest expense that we have after airfare is what we pay for accommodations
Can't wait til my wifey makes me dinner.
happy to introduce you to the crew! Next mixer
GifBoom isn't letting me make gifs...it won't load my videos
I want bbq chicken this summer :) hook me up
Anyone else's feet killing them?!
1. Depends what type of AK-47, 2. Grab the muzzle of the rifle and raise up, 3. Punch man in nose to disorient him, 4. Shoot.
You bet! Very cool share :)
Done with classes for 2010! This is weird!
Today's my grandmas birthday , I'm chillin w/ my Auntie & Uncle . This is #TheHomieCrew (;
Im so glad to be back. Being in arkansas was the worst experience of my life.
It's not too late - registration is still open for the Irvington Pub Crawl - Sat, July 30. Who's oining me?
Yay for taking care of our company members!
You're on.
Just Plain Nuts :)
Hmm ok not too long. What do mean by 'tough'? I thought u believe I'm stubborn+tough too? Never mind...
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. ~Einstein
turn on NFL network... our Superbowl highlights coming up next.. I have butterflies! lol!
Working. Then off ! Hope the weather stays fair!
Change of plans. They're going with a repeat show. Catch me live on the Armstrong Williams Show next week.
boom goes the dynamite, thank you.
Just confused and frustrated
Less than 2 weeks out until #LMA12. Looking forward to it. Check out the mobi before, during & after for news & info.
And if you ever looking for something to do in AZ shoot me a tweet.
Make sure 2 catch us live 2morro @ auraria campus 4 the Cinco De Mayo celebration w a special guest whos name starts wit R comin w us
RT THIS IF YOU LOVE DOCTOR BIEBER
coders are equivelent of medieval professional scribes?
Brendon and I are packing are stuff now so we can hit the rode at 7am
Nap or write, write or nap... hm....
Frying is delicious, but so is grilling with a touch of smoke and finishing in buttered wing sauce (+less mess). That's my plan.
yeah that fine =)
apparently so.
Certainly you can use ISBN's. We are not now participating in traditional distribution channels. MiniBük authors are in Amazon.
. in! will be recording upstairs. wave hello in between all of the fantastic-ness. shout out 2 4 being taper-friendly.
Sorry, but the minute you launch a "keep team X's fans out of our building" campaign, you are officially labeling your fanbase as pathetic.
Had a strange \ fun dream ♡
Sharks out. Merc headline tomorrow: The Blues Know the Way to Beat San Jose?
Advice to talking to vets: Don't ask "How many people did you kill?" #NECIRvets It's not going to get you anywhere
Joe...come on, great way to get in vitamins! ;) especially antioxidants.. Have a great day sweetie!
Yeah. Like this one picture Justin was looking STRAIGHT at the camera!! I was like wtf?
Love, Hope, Faith, God, Jesus. The five things that keep me on my feet, alive and well. Always and Forever.
u think I should get grilled cheese?
#SocialMediaTip: Work on your offline relationships as much as your online ones. Show you're hard to forget b/c you're persistent.
Done, and Done doll face!! :))<3
*TRAFFIC* Box 23-5 W Centre St & N Howard St, Downtown; Auto accident.
POURING in PB!
Pizza and Sierra Mist with (; <3 #Scrubbin'
so that moment when Wont Follow you :( okay nick . i see how it is :(
Great deal by Spielman & the #Vikings! Still get the guy they want & additional picks.
i cant wait til next week on the edge of my seat
Today was a good day c:
except, surely, the dimsum. there is bad dimsum, but there is more often good dimsum. and sometimes very very good dimsum.
love nick cage movies
Looks like a sunny weekend coming up in #Seattle. Parks make a great place to read a good book. Grab one and get outside.
Minneapolis, you're now on the clock.
HEY! Thanks, Jennifer! Appreciate the plug. Hope that all is well with you and yours.
Just bought a new pocket camcorder, a Sony Bloggie Touch, my old one recorded with an Apple extension, making it hard to edit.
Howard Jones speaking on Lincoln's diplomatic craft at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum in Springfield
Cool, there's a horse race on TV... next channel.
over 400 children are diagnosed every day with PVD. Do your part to help and go to Disneyland with me.
RT : Thanks 4 speaking uncomfortable truth abt so many "gifted ed" programs. Why do schools...
Court is as empty as it's been since #DiMasi trial began. Defendants/Attorneys in rapt silence poring over proposed jury instructions.
Girls. You never know what they’re going to think.
Every week an est. 42,000 people die from diseases related to poor quality drinking water with 90% of them occurring in children under 5.
Being constipated is frustrating on many levels. Those levels specifically are the small intestine, large intestine and the colon.
I'm def getting more toned.
been working for 7 days and tmrw will be 8 ( im a slave for hair)
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
That's why we're in one ;)
#CivilWar Camps under Hooker "Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL, AMAZON/KINDLE $2.99
Yowza, today was a day.
I can buy my gloves for lighting tomorrow
Excited about to start our successful EURO NIGHT @ EAST tonight! The venue looks great <3 So many people coming!
14 hours long and rainy. Don't forget rainy. :-(
I know and love it, too.
very.. VERY streaky hitter..
Love and gratitude....
Yes it can, depending on the state's attorney who reviews it. It should also negate a self-defense or mutual combat claim
Your greatest strengths can also be weaknesses - use different skills for different situations. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
This will subside within a few hours. After treatment, the skin near the keloid may remain slightly sensitive to the touch for a few days
At Everglades Stop Shark Valley. Sun is shining, it's beautiful.
I miss talking to :/ she never talks to me anymorre!
Read What You Write
Approx 1.4 million US kids under 18 years old begin smoking cigarettes each year!
Les Kuller, an unemployed construction worker who got in line at 5:30am, lost his health insurance when his wife passed away two years ago.
we have a surprise for you all in a few minutes....
#DemiOrBrit? Not even a realistic question. Britney, no contest.
Amen. MT : May 2012 bring less talk of media literacy training for the community & more community literacy training for the media.
Brand strategy doesn't float so stop comparing it to the Empire State building.
Good morning. Omw to school. -_-
...You want to be considered the only one who does what you do." -Jerry Garcia
Spent a gorgeous day partially outside in the sun and at the RIHPHC conference. (Rhode Island Historical Preservation & Heritage Commission)
Saw a guy riding a Segway to work on the morning commute today.
Time waisted.....?..find a new project!
OK this so-called "little break" can come to an end. I need to see and hold my babies NOW!
I was either born to be Mexican or Jamaican...some how I ended up African American, nevertheless I'm #WASTED!!!!
me equiboque:s
Ellen DeGeneres just gave $50,000 on her show. Thank you Ellen!
Yesterday a coworker introduced me to the not pr0n online puzzle and it has taken over my brain.
u r so critical!But I've got ur point!good job
o alrght k ill tell her
Wild Thursdays is the only place to be!!!
#Monday Mention great grp of musician’s events planners Spread the Luv
- I am still v. dizzy, i have Fibromyalgia, my balance is v affected when the weather changes, so i thought 'as usual, just me!'
Tl just died...
RT starting today! first three followers to retweet our Mom's Rules win a giveaway! Happy #Mother'sDay
Leggings are not pants.
Oh my gosh is beautiful<3
I'm gonna miss you today! Next weekend we ARE hanging out to complete mission fire.
This sounds like a bad Steven Seagal movie that I need to see. Is Powers Boothe the bad guy?! MT : Combination Train - On The Move
has the most adorable kids. so great that he includes them in his community engagement
Pure Environmental Solutions Now Offers Biosweep for Odor Removal and Indoor Air Quality Restoration
37 years ago Derek Fisher was born. 37 years ago that pick and roll was just as beautiful.
Uh-oh. What's your middle name?
I reread the gospels a few yrs ago and I totally stuck on those verses - I mean, what else could they mean?
Caught a screening of #21JumpStreet and it was surprisingly really funny! Great cameo by a special somebody too -- rhymes with monny kepp.
Best del taco ever!
oh god the towel
when #oomf hits up my dm he so sweet nd polite, but is very reckless when he tweets...which one is really him???
Producers Looking 4 Raw Beats For Cheap Follow Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I'm just wondering when they will have the nerve to report juniors death.. its on NBC local. CBS local. La times confirms WTF?
there's some concern with my IT group regarding what data do you synchronize "in the cloud". Could you clarify? more specifically
Dish sucks thanks wwe
you talking bout heads! You know yours isn't the smallest lol
oh cool movin there?
Holy shit, Lisa is tanked. Retweet if you saw that shit tonight, haha.
U don't work, u don't eat!
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Is it possible that my 16-month old is stronger than me?
wanna say I LUV U!!!
me too!!
I just got an e-mail today saying you're just now following us. And again, I'm surprised you're responding...
actually I HAVE TO have my hair thinned......funny because half the world would give their left arm for my problem LOL
forgot how good it feels to get a brand new cd... with the actual lyrics in the book sleeve
That sounds like a hashtag the CDC would strongly oppose. :)
dating because we are kissing a lot & holding hands. But, the mall was supposed to be closed & we got trapped in there (c)
my mum will probally make me
got tweeted by whataburger...
BACON! Beyond that, no preference. ;)
I think paintings are time machines
Feels good not to care #officiallydone I should've paid more attention
I wish I could hit the snooze alarm on the weekend and extend it another day or so.
Men are not prisoner's of fate, but prisoner's of their own mind.
guess what song I'm listening to :)
#Nonprofits, dry your eyes and watch Jimmie Fallon and Brian Williams slow jam the news about super pacs. Hilarious!
Constantly pausing the DVR on shots of the Draper apartment so I can soak up the ambiance.
how do you get over a death?
We still need to hook up for a story for ! Contact me at (not .com)!
wait, what? I sent it to you already. You didn't get it?
ahhaaha yeah... I am lol I love helping people, meeting new people and seeing impacts I can make.
I think Oxford could field a team, and the Sorbonne. Brown would love a chance, but they don't meet our standards.
Come on Giants WTF?
Do you want to change the world? If you say no, there's a problem. Large or small, you are here to change the world.
you need to share a locker with someone next year so I can see you more. Cuz you'd be in the other hallway :(
thought about his parents and how his family was allowed to be as they wished, unlike the people he reported on.
#FF Alphabet Twitter
a bit on the nose with that one, don't you think?
OMG SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! YAYAYAY YOU HAVEN'T WROTE IN FOREVER GIRL
- Less than 48hrs until 2011 Shoot To Cure Event. Can't wait ;)
I had a great time meeting with the Henry County Democrats in New Castle on Saturday. Please join us on facebook www.LaneForCongress.com
i miss you (:
5 missing assignments in history? :o wuuuuuuuuut
I have a lot of really great friends I would start a libertarian utopia country with, see also my former employer
Well at least this week is starting out better than last week. Still crazy busy, but not quite so many obstacles.
Insight: Time running out for Ally Financial's restructuring - Chicago Tribune
It's gonna hurt good today. My busy work schedule has kept me away from beastmode for some time now. But, we're back in business!
What we give our attention to – stays with us and what we let go of – will let go of us.
miss you too!
nice #winning smile :D
hahaaahah nah Agnotic is basically not giving a fuck if he is real or not :P
Yes! The app has been completed and should be released very soon, as in days!
Who headbutts someone? That's basically the most pussiest thing ever. Step below kicking.
<------ New followers!!!! I feel like without the great hair
Lord Help me I can't take this no more. Depression need to leave me. I feel lost. I need my life back. Help me with your prayers.
Amazon just suggested we purchase Fifty Shades of Grey. Hello, Amazon. Have we met?
umm just seeing this drama, what the...
ah ok. glad to know you're ok!
Thanks JB RT Helping w NY Turing program (bringing undergrad tech talent to NYC). These students are super smart /via
Poor headband.....
Attending session "Interchange Zero": the theory that the cost of moving money will eventually be zero--everywhere.
I'm not bitter, but for the sake of efficiency, Purdue needs a better way to judge whether the foreign students can speak English or not.
Miss you guys! Been out of touch prepping for trial
trunk to get tatted finite Wat to get real quick?
Snow already!!!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE YA AT? :)
And it crashed just as I tweeted that... Of course.
u were going to cheat and draw one. That is funny love the heart lol
BARF. RT My friend Christopher Hitchens has died. I loved & prayed for him constantly & grieve his loss. He knows the Truth now.
Out with my girls 
#1Dfact Liam says his accent is all of the boys mixed together cause he spends so much time with them.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Say hi. :)
A friend wants an EVI. Know where there's one available?
Just kidding:)
It took Ron Paul more than 15 years to deny writing those newsletters, despite being asked about them over course
yo you tryin to meet up when i get back from st louis to plan some stuff out?
Hey i know that kid! Doesn't he go to our school? Haha jk!
"I love you bud. And you're my superman."
Awwe! I'm sorry :/ Why are you always sick :/
This turned out to be a beautiful weekend for sitting inside and indexing Honolulu residents in the
my major relationship is with my bed. i try to leave it and it goes, "but i miss you already!," and i'm like, oh, ok, i'll go back to you.
RT : Is this discussion worth having before evry kid has has access to high speed, reliable Internet? #edchat , my thoughts 2
I'm so hungry I just might
