Me too! I'm a big BTTF fan. My fav trilogy.
NSF Campus Bridging: CI needs to function from the local to international level as if it was all proximate to the scientist
get a Avalanche lol
Happy Fourth everyone! Be safe!
thanks for the shout-out bro!
Damn! My mom needs to learn to stay OUT of my business >:(
Japanese-Americans seek news of quake back home
Why don’t the Cubs use the internet? Because they can’t get 3 “W’s” in a row.
Heard rumors of customers ditching their dinner bills during Boston's blackout.
it's awesome!
thanks! ... grade 7... I've done skits in the past, wanted to try using flip cams and making a movie.. we'll see how it goes
German chocolate, english tea, french music, local beer hangover - let's write this paper already.
No..but I'll see ya at #comiccon this summer! RT: u going to attend wonder con?"
Haha, that was good.
Going to a play with my little sister this better be good :)
I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy ;D ♥
When people arent the same to u as before dont blame them for it, it just might be u..changes in ur behaviour triggering changes in theirs.
This couldn't be more true. “: #Aries are just too much but all you could ever hope for.”
Justin is our flawless idol. ----> can I get an amen(;
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
if u go to the blog section @ stratejoy.com u can read the explanation about unrealistic expectations & the stigma of the QLC
we always love talking about our beer. Feel free to stop by sometime.
idk about that
that's patently false. 829 "may" restrict funds for bans. #PropA is not a ban and allows PLAs for state/fed $.
Now off to work =)
"that looks like all ball." #DALatUTA Does such a thing as neutral court announcers exist?
I can watch The Philadelphia Story over and over again. Love these classic romantic comedies!
Cabin fever ....
You don't think I can do it? Sit back, relax and watch as I prove ALL you Mother Fuckers wrong :)
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) <3
Linda Taylor (411designstreet) kindly said : "I am glad that I am following your tweets. You have amazing talent..AMAZING."
These Boneless Hot Wings tho (: .
It's never too late to start over in your day lady. Are you talking about Insanity or the dairy?
What about your girl Sarah?! Did she leave you after she saw you flirting with white women....
suurrreee. lol, anyway, what is わけ? & when do you use it?
Hey, did you live on campus in undergrad?
i just order this super cute Hello Kitty handbag OMGZ. :)
first hbu dude??
focuses us on the most important reason why climate change must be addressed: "Our Children!" Amen Michael!
Sorry to hear you can't make it today. We'll be posting updates throughout the day so you can follow along.
Yeah, man! RT : Miles Davis. Always was, always will be. RT Your favorite Jazz musician?
Flo Rida songs generally have a life-span of 1.5 listens for me. Then I need to never hear them again.
I'm 10 followers away from 400? Yay for milestones! But why did "I feel so pretty" pop into my head just now?
Kicking off day 1 of a 3 concert weekend with Horse Feathers Haven't seen them since the 2009 Newport Folk Festival.
Long story!
“: I seriously don't even know why I call you my best friend anymore... I never hear from you.” I feel this way about you..
U will never UNDERSTAND ME even if u OVERSTOOD ME!
Walker stepping up his activism and giving public comment!
#VH1 Behind the Music - Pitbull??? Seriously???
Oh, I wanna read your book :) I have a friend who's been through that - - maybe she can help?
Salsa Classes today Dance Studio! Beginner; Intermediate:15; Adv :30!
I thought it was just for wedding planning and apartment decorating... but apparently the Met and other places are on there!
great idea!
yes mam. Just do a quick research on them I'm sure more than just JeJu offers herbal peels
She's the gift that keeps on giving. I love
Make sure you check out the MTV movie awards article at www.platinumposts.com
that's what you getting for being racist to Perrin! #LessonLearned!
I think we need to start #cheerfusion so the gym can trend!! : D
Hi Lady. Aren't you proud of me.
Boss of UK&#39;s Sky News reprimanded over email hacking
#MyCelebCrushIs BONO ROBIN WILLIAMS GERARD WAY JOHNNY DEPP JACK WHITE LINDSAY LOHAN WINONA RYDER BRADLEY COOPER HENNELORE ELSTER AARON BROOK
yeah but nellie n anson surprised me the most! i was like daaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmnnnnnnn
Ewald Automotive Group is celebrating 48 years in Business serving SE Wisconsin this month! Honored to be a part of the community we serve …
wait til next year...
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" today from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
i really didnt mean it that way.
runnin' n gunnin' best way to play. Can't stand campers. Back on MW2 I use to knife run and it was always extra fun.
that verge article has no value-add, btw
Its been a busy few days! Wherever you are in your day/night I hope your soul is smiling! Live, laugh & love! :).
Oh, I forgot now lol. I think it had 2 do w/a old band u mentioned lol
music helps me escape from the reality I live in
Q: is it worth the time/effort to type up handwritten notes?
cafe's w/o wifi remind me of bookstore-cafes in late 80s/early 90s the phoenix, in san jose on san pedro, calif. street's printer's ink
NFL Commish Goodell says no threats issued. Says Wilf family is frustrated but they want to keep Vikings here.
Feels good to be home
So bored in Global Economics
I know we are good friends and all, but if the ZOMBIES chase us I'm tripping you!
This thursday night at 12am we'll be at Mainstay Rock Bar in downtown CINCI!
I'm G
Thank you! I had so much fun with them - I love complicated registration! Need to find more cool circuit board designs to print. :)
Flight Deals from Alaska Airlines
*picks up mic* ok i have one more thing to say....r u listenin.....
Well...your life will be fundamentally changed when you meet Lucy. It happens to everyone. You can't say no to that face.
preparing for the music issue due out the first week in march. make sure you follow us for some fun #SXSW coverage.
i will remember that, thanks for the tip! :)
that's crazy!! Why aren't students taking advantage of the scholarships out there??
Well I'm done trying. Wish things was different. Not looking forward to this.
What a great photo! Dare we say...those look delicious.
But for lunch, to name just a few, we love , Wilko, and Boca!
Just chillin. Listening to Nirvana with :3
#Winning off you #Thirsty m&&%%##@$
Hang me out to dry!
I go to my papaws house and I take a bite out of something then I walk to the living room then realize it was fish. EWWW!
yah my knee is throbbing today... thank goodness tonight's a chill night, lot of sitting & watching will occur :-)
Cleveland stand up.lol
“: S/o to Jenna holcomb for calling me ugly in middle school” she called me ugly too!
Keith, too!
yes of course! and I loved the books. I'm just saying, the thought of being excited to watch kids killing kids disgusts me.
I passed my Science proficiency!!!!!
Makes sense; and as we know, winning isn't everything. She's got the look, she's polarizing & as a result, she gets eyeballs.
RT Hey girl - Please tell me you're considering writing a paper on that for a conference. ;-)
much more sensible, I have tshirts jeans and scissors right here!
There goes my bracket
Baby I don't like to say goodbye, so this is mine until next time 😚😘😍
And now it's two ER for Clay...
picks steelers, they are bound to lose now.
dentist ;( volunteer work and shopping with tons of friends in San Francisco!
lol I'm here now
Why not mix work w/ pleasure? How about a story on the San Diego/SoCal craft beer industry??
If only SOTU rhetoric could be realized. Boehner's droopy dog face makes me cynical.
Metta!! Stop booing my boy! Lol
Rock, seriously? There are better arms than Bruce's. And Braun is not a good fielder. Stop embarrassing yourself.
Summer sounds nice during the entire school year then you realize you're bird af at home.
We're sure everyone saw Adele's breathtaking performance on the Grammys last night - check out her Vogue Cover shoot. Beautiful!...
When I really need something, I cover all of my basis and pray to God, Allah, Yaweh and Buddha
Be relevant by continuing to learn throughout your life.
What were you in Cuba for? Also didn't know you were an F1 fan!
i think i watch jackass once a week haha
She just wants to be noticed.
nothing much, always working
Happy (almost) Thanksgiving, everyone! Our offices will be closed on Thursday & Friday this week, and we'll re-open on Monday of next week.
Tweeting at 5:34 a.m.
I am more than excited for this idea!!! E-mail me and we can chat up details! :D
hate when people borrow my shit and don't respect it....
2 shoots today! Had an awesome fun day..time to relax:)
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex I'm glad you came.
you got a happy hour running? On our way!
can we come to the wedding? lol : )
beautiful day today! off to bed early before another great week. :) z...
Cool. Thanks. Hadn't seen this. I'm loving all the geography talk thanks to KJ's new book.
Thank god its friday!
Just scratch and sniffed deodorant inn target while letting out a Kool Aid man "ooohhh yeaaahhh"
Looks like you are having a great day too. Enjoy!
so cute! Thanks for sharing!
lol no doubt
Very annoying tweets you see one thing and we like what you copy and post the tweet tweeted it ! :S
I'm sad there's no more dick on new years
#rondoorcp3 already know who im saying CP3! best pg in the nba
RTyou can ride a bike
hosted by nxt week price of fame 2 mixtape ft
yeah so absurd, they just throw it in our faces
I love you
Always an adventure on There appears to be a crime scene alongside the track today.
Just had dinner and a movie with my brother. I love family time.
I must admit..I did do my own toe nail design and played it off like I got a professional manicure. Hell, it was last minute!!
Delicious new things are cooking at FITzee this month- try out our brand new #SweetandSour Chicken or Veggie Udon noodles!
Thanks for the RT & comment!
Um. The people you meet?
You did play the "DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM?" card, right?
We have 25 different beer selections.
Lunch time kitchen open and patio has a nice breezie!!!
Appreciate it! The pleasure will be ours!
some things u should just not post on a social media network.. just saying
I feel like I just went to sleep and it's already time to wake up... Oh boy! Early mornings come way to fast. Boo!!
combination of automatic cuts and expiration of Bush tax cuts will solve deficit issues. Doing nothing is the best solution!
no but as long as your hair clean idc.
Thx for the RT, Anthony. Guys aren't always wrong, but we are misunderstood too often.
Bro you and can come through whenever bro. After work this most likely where I am at.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo Follow Me #makeachange :D
i have come to a conclusion that i am deffinitely
MY MOM CALLED ME A POTATO TODAY.
I'm getting high just to fight the low. Cause its all I know
What's up Daymond? I'd like to send you over some info re: an athlete who can help you tap further into the China market.
Attending Chairperson Luncheon. It's great to see many Community Heroes in 1 Room, w/o them there would be no blood drives
HA. Thanks! WINK LOL BRB AWESOME!
We want to find our followers on Google+. Please send us a link!
About to go to the boiling crab
I got my motorcycle license this weekend & now Im picking out a sports bike. ZZZZOOOOOOMMMMMMM!
I was added as a influencer by , thank you Sir!
im following u (: follow back ? (:
Hope Genevieve follows me? :(
So,? Uh yeah!! That's all I can say lol!!
It’s National Pi Day (3.14 >> March, 14th). RT if you’re a fellow math nerd and proud of it!
hello former student. How is California?
Jack Lew enters to congratulations.
Lovely 10-year wedding anniversary dinner with the love of my life.
Day full of meetings with and Lots of exciting things to come in 2012!
#TeamOtenki, help us reach 3,000 followers! Tell your friends about us and let's spread the word!
Good luck Interscope!
Facebook is completely going to ruin our generation's ability to lie at future High School Reunions.
#cliohc. If you are with Zimmer or Smith Nepgew Sandy Gordon wants to meet u
#just got out the lab hot shit by #oh yea
I haven't tweeted much this week. Super busy.
fuck yeah i am!
#EdMcGinty to #archivists in the room, "If you guys can't find it, it doesn't exist, and we make it up."
time to call Erin brocovich!
Lol got my bro and cuzzo on my TL
Lemme tell u what I want, what I really really want & if u can't get it, I'll be sure to let u go. I'll b onto the next..on onto the next 1.
maybe it's "le streaming," but looks like he has a stick up his ass
nah, all my funds are spoken for by Jobs and the Cupertino Gang.
There is nothing like focused action to make me feel better about my life. That and having a clean house. (Yay for cleaning guy day!)
thank you for the follow! I am following you now.
nobodies perfect & I am an excellent human being everybody broke the rules on your web page don't bring this don't wear this
du pain et des idees = great bakery. Went every morning when last in Paris.
Just finished Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Can't wait to read the next installment.
You're only bad if you get caught, so that makes me a good girl right?(;
has a Beyblade ripcord launcher inextricably intertwined with her laptop power cord.
because Kentucky wanted to move it to a neutral court so they can protect their home record
Heavy rain is over across the #NYC tri-state. Leftover sprinkles & showers next few days. Breezy & cool with temps in the 50s.
you're right. Amare's best days are behind him, plus Knicks not a pick and roll team like he wants and needs.
Mamacita que necesito ? soy abrio , thats all the words i know ,Margaritas & microwave pizza's ..best frieds you are my fucking best friends
loving your 24hr Christmas themes. I love you guys 365 days a year keep up the great job.NYC #1 station w/
I use video, just talking. Now, though, I plan to start uploading them b/c that is one of the fears I need to get pass.
Contained a dancing, singing frog.RT Time Capsule Found At Former Bellevue Hospital Medical College « CBS New York
yeah that one is closer to my birthday anyway so let's do that..
Coach Cal- "To come to Kentucky you gotta be all in, and if you are not, you are better off going somewhere else."
- Great Quote - should be a mandatory morning anthem!
Kronum is from Philly
And thank you for following me too ;-)
Get off your high horse and have the decency to look me in the eye and spell it out to me.
Thanks Love
So George Karl, can we not start Koufus in Game 3? It would be greatly appreciated
Cards are so freaking expensive!!! I spent $22 on mothers day cards! I'm about to start creating handmade cards like I did when I was young!
Elton John commercial. Best part = flavor flav
world peace is achieved through understanding, karaoke, hugs, and the purchase of drinks for others
when were we ever cool
Damn Yankees had (sets-related) "technical difficulties" for 20 mins. Glad no one was hurt--other than whoever got the blame.
Magic Carpet Bomb Ride...hmm!
Abby: Why do you love me? Mike: Coz you beat the sh*%t out of me. --The Ugly Truth movie
#itsabouttime for a fair contract and
~~|-_- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#shirts are #AWESOME! RETWEET and you could win a free #tshirt of your choice!
Happy Birthday to 's Bernadette Woods!
gettin' ready for next week
it's freakin awesome; endless entertainment!
yeah mama hackin lil ke page to say HAPPY B DAY TOMORROW BABY SO EVERYBODY SEND BDAY S/O TOMORROW
the Dick Clark jokes on twitter are hilarious! made my New Year's morning!
Mind over matter will make ur pockets fatter.-Tony D
#WakeAndBake but i'm still drunk from last night....DO YOU TAKE SUGAR???? ONE LUMP OR TWO
The concept of invisible college sounds like what I experience of (the) digital humanities but the actual words evoke images of cat memes.
I love how Michelle Caruso-Cabrera always blames the consumer when the big banks screw up. Maybe we should the banks a big tax cut.
OG Vegan Ribs and The Big Rig are back! Yum. Yum. Yummmmers!
Who needs studio time or the best mixing in Miami? Hit me up to check out the studio. Our sound quality can not be matched!
don't hate me; I picked VCU over Wichita St.
you changed your picture! You're so cute! :3
Many thanks Brian! The bad news is that I'm actually younger than you by at least 6 months...I wasn't born in 67...
You are my spirit. 4ever
wait so math 8
Wow! Thank you very much for doing that
sadly, I know the answer and it's yes.
I use a WordPress theme that's Tumblr-like (in fact, it's called a Tumblog.) Might be a good hybrid?
Finally Band of Horses back in town!!!
hey && thanks
This world is a game, play yall cards right..... Get it in
Ooh, please enter me in the drawing for a copy of Magebane!!!!
The canaries are going off this morning! <3 <3 <3
. Thanks for the chat today! Hopefully you can edit the video to make me look smart :)
Oh no! : Filene's Basement on Sawmill Rd will close Oct 23 due to a leasing dispute. DSW will reopen, but Filene's will not.
I wanna party and bullsh*t. That's just how we do!
how was your first week of school??
or, "guess who the fuck I saw?"
Bruh to be in the Garden when that went in.
I just saw a woman's nipple on the bus
I was there for Martha Rosler. She is a great antagonist.
luckily the CPK didn't swallow me whole
thanks man, my goals are to get a lot healthier and get ripped and toned up! It's great eating healthy and quit smoking!
I'm happy I got to see Dom & Aaliyah today :)
Congrats from me too! Cc
best place to go in New Orleans ?
The boss says. -RT- We'll also be playing the Beastie Boys for the first couple of hours tonight
We got ur back! “: Hey! Everyone: Once the show starts lets starts blowing up the phone line, computer, and whatever else.
Loveya too I haven't yet read the email but I will okay :) !*)
yep i sniff it ! i always have a line ready ! lol
lol I hope so sugar 😉
Don't hate! You know in the old times how big old men balls were represented how long they lasted during sex! (i just made that up)
Online maps, restauarant guide and new info re: wireless access in CVille now on the preconference website.
Love you right back! <3
#20ThingsAboutMe 13. I'm obsessed with ghosts, not afraid of them :P
Which one is your least fave?
Come on down tonight for Latin Ritmo with Enrique Murguia Djrick!! No Cover! Drink specials for the ladies!!! :)
Leaving movies, now I'm omw to the gym
RT : Not being public-humanities-unfriendly! --then snip-snip-snip!
The Dalai Lama's birth name is Doug Reynolds Jr.
Running around for a bit, then probably heading to do some coworking at
Please come to DC soon. It's been too long!
Thanks for the RTs!
u cant be to careful ne mre </3
The hell Gasol and Bynum doing? Get yall asses in the locker room
lol that is true.
I do for sure team Mayhem rules, Bisping is a wanker
#obamausc "we need to vote democrat"-jamie foxx
very cool! Was this for work or play?
amen buddy! I try to as much as possible
oops wrong game. Liverpool crushed them 4-1 I think
#TT Check out these cool #travel blogs:
Whatcha reading book worm? RT Wassup wit my chicks
We hope everyone had a Merry Christmas!
Smoke Big Blunts....Drank Big Bottles!!!
dunk of the night has to be Anthony Davis' put back slam!!
You have a great day, too!
we don't hate you we love fuck all the bitches that hate you.you are the best please fuck camilla up can't stand that bitch
List your top 10 accomplishments of this year, and check whether they were intended or planned before. Feel the power of being intentional.
Since the offer of their own service is the foundation of the gift, planners can be more generous with it.
What's your favorite tequila?
Happy Colorful Holidays! Make holiday gift tags to personalize your gift wrapping. Supplies provided or bring own. Register @ 594-5365
RT : Change ur twitter settings to TEHRAN & tz to GMT+3.30. Security search location & time. If we are all Iranians it will help
Oh god. If only we could hook you up with some earplugs.
Can't believe how chilly it is outside! I wore pants and a sweater (and fleece) and I'm still shivering. Grr...
Bigg day today fighting 4 first place
Hey guys! This week we will start moving most of our efforts to If you’d like to stay in touch follow our new account!
Happy Mothers Day to all you great mothers!
Ain't to early to get excited! Nevermore Jazz Ball & STL Swing Dance Festival 2012 . . . Nov. 1-4
Another paper cut
ok fine youve pulled my arm enough. i guess ill come.
DUSTY. You are such a hipster now, you realize that right?
Why is it such a surprise that Steelers lose in the playoffs if half there roster in injured ?
We're at Google today for demo day. Good luck to the founders!
can't stop the biebs! Great Friday night start.
Often I am grateful for brevity.
Surprise surprise
Mass media - 371k babies born a day. 562k ios devices sold per day. 850k android devices per day.
should have been first degree murder.
Getting closer. July 20th come be part of our audience as we tape our final episode before we pitch to tv. will be there
I sent you a message over on your Facebook page tell me what you think Thanks
you should text nikki & sunny & lanna now so they have enough warning to come out lol
Like im a DOMINO!!!! Hahahah
Umm... Watching DWTS with She really gets into this stuff.
DC and Boston? I can see that
Be nice to the police! They are on Mifflin to keep us safe! Resisting or obstructing an officer, FINE: $429 or Jail
bahaha I dont think a stripper is needed for a tv show marathon.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Yeah Jen!! I am looking to go this year!
I got the whole deli doing all the dance steps from the video
Hell yes! Thanks so much! We had a blast tonight! New cd coming this summer! RT : I forgot how much I enjoy
I'm still intrigued by Spiderman...Spiderman *Spins invisible, somewhat dubious 'web' matter*
Thanks for the shoutout!
Meanwhile, I have a friend who is a psychology prof at a CC in NY, and she was keeping up w/ teaching while on maternity leave!
....And then cuddle up and watch a movie
Wow, thanks - that might work! The upload mgr. I'm working w/ on a project won't allow a .htc file. I'll give it a try - thanks!
I tend to #procrastinate if tasks have a historically low reinforcing value. #ABAchat is more reinforcing than washing the dishes.
Ima gonna drop kick her down a flight of stairs
It's a #dcleapup! Join us on Leap Day at 6 pm for dinner at We the Pizza, then leap with us in front of DC icons on the Mall.
haa me to.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
we approached em about just that. Unfortunately that's about all that's within our power to do! Hopefully they follow through.
what's sup cuz don't be mad dude its not worth it screw tha T kid
can I adopt one for the weekend? Even is out of town
Hahaha! RT : today is a big day for my baby. she is having her ovaries ripped from her pussy. have your pet spayed or neutered.
"I don't want to see you in a helicopter with another girl."-Bachelorette on #TheBachelor. Why have I so bought in to this show?
You guys have ruined the site and its magic. This is so sad.
JOB: Associate Director for Tour Development and Evaluation, Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site (Philadelphia, PA)...
lmaooook i just saw this
The new job is fantastic because Debbie rocks! Sorry, had to weigh in.
What I'm most excited about this summer is Warped and SILYMI. There's so many other concerts, but I really need to go to those.
DealShow starts now, stay inside and out of the heat to do your shopping at www.dealshow.com
The radio played my life story on the way in to work. Frightening? Or meaningful?
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
it's freezing in the bowl too. So cold, yet the ice is still ranked the worst on the league
. is directing us away from disembodied data models, points to the social and programming context
Props to Deborah Harkness for the accurate reading room procedures in A Discovery of Witches.
well ya see, it's just not that simple.
Lots of people at DCPL's homeowner toolbox. Come down and ask your questions - 1500 Harvard St NW
Of course you should :)
Oh now we're cool enough to hang out with next weekend? That's almost like a
Love that pic!
TweetDeck is cool but it is kinda freaking me out right now. Too much going on. I feel like I'm a pilot looking at the controls of a jet.
Retailer of Consumer Electronics Announces Company Launch Alongside the Opening of New Online Store
Right by my side
Tomorrow Night Football at Loft47
Looks like the steelers will have a 80th anniversary patch. (looks nice. better than the 75th one)
Soon Come...The "R.U. IRIE" Herbs (420) Mix(s) Vol. 1-5 (22 to 29 tracks each). Look for #R.U.IRIE on #SOUNDCLOUD... Red Rose ~Selah
Did someone say "Completion"...sorry I was napping
Its time to get league ready
Can I Get Some Shoutouts For My Birthday ?????? :DD
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes; but no plans. Peter Drucker - A business coach can help.
lol - tons of tears this morning, trust me ;-)
you don't like pizza?
I need me a boo-thang lbvs
Books about kids chewing? Anyone? I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else :-( Help.
mission valley
Most of Us R": I'm a #SteelerNation #Obsessed #Freak #AllYearRound"
I will be live tweeting all day for #RHVets summit. Mayor Bloomberg up next.
My brother now blatantly denies that before the season started I said "the Kings are my dark horses." Don't care, I have proof.
obviouslllyyyyy. New York is not, just a tan that youll never lose.
Watching The A Team with my dad at 1:30 am...cool
yes, and can you expand it to all teams?
it was so hard
yeah they are lol....cept broly fucked them all up and got killed on some bogus shit lol
Not at all!!LOLOL!! I will need a vat of coffee...Oh Mondays......
Got my teeth cleaned today. Can't stop touching them with my #tongue!
God, remind us that your will be done in our lives. Help us to appreciate anew the sacrifice you made so that we may have eternal life
they were mishandling the books?
Been sitting in student retention for 2 hours
Day 2 of INTENSE acting workshop! It's hard to stay awake when you sit for 8 hours!!but very enlightening
48 Hours til #MarchMadness begins and Bounce Sporting Club will be rockin... Can Syracuse go deep with out #Fab Melo?
why arent you at this mmg press conference?!? Come on source!!!'
thanks for the follow Katy! Happy 2012!
Beat the gloomy weather with a beautiful new piercing!
#12 Michigan State defeats #3 ranked Ohio State, to snap their 39-game home win streak, with a final score of 58-48 in college basketball.
"I'm not on facebook.", "you're so fuggin classy!"
I Didn't Even Catch The Second Half
Anytime hun thanks for the follow how long you been down with Strange?
Bliffert Hardware Anniversary going on now. Band plays at 1pm.
gotta be honest ive been waiting for you all my life, for so long i thought i was asylum bound but just seeing you makes me think twice
Friend:So Today I Had An Orange And It Was So Good I Have Never Tasted Anything So Amazing. Me: Okay Really I Don't Give A Fuck -______-
um, because there were REALLY bad storms that just passed through?
Chilled with britney all day then chilled with briar and Andrew then Clair and now it's time for me to go to bed wake up and repeat : )
The new 3.7-liter Duratec V6 comes equipped with Twin Independent Variable Camshaft Timing to increase horsepower and torque
Thank you all & Reverbnation, for my 10 week last as #1 singer-songwriter for Albuquerque. Now it's time to land in Austin. Yay, here we go!
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP List/Bottle Service
thanks doll!! :)
- Wow, a double whammy, unlocking the Beantown and Triple Play badges at #Fenway100!? Enjoy the game Kev! /cc
Every state will be a red state.
yeah i guess your right but the thing is im wit my gurl when there looking
No clue about last night but seems like everyone had a good time
Sunday golf with Tiger is awesome.
Holy lots of people at my house
R.I.P. Steve Jobs! the world will never be the same. :/
Help me.
thanks for following looking forward to working with you in the future...
opens in ONE WEEK! Meet the cast at HERE LOUNGE in WeHO on the 4th...and Catch them at Red Zebra on the 7th!!!!
cleared the palette with Picasso exhibit. Wonderful.
I love baby you are candy you are 1 you are magical
You are all champions in our book!
“Grandmothers are supposed to make pie, not antimatter.” Well said, Eureka.
JORDAN HILL >>
Sincerely looking forward to Cincinnati tomorrow!
Are they roasted or not? Or both roasted or not until you attempt to brew?
i wanna dog <3
It's ok to make a mistake this is your day
In class
Hell ya man, such a fun trick!
BLAH! Should of grabbed it :( come say hii at merch?
Still shooting:).... Gonna be a long night/ morning
Jo Jo Reyes SUCKS! Chris Jericho can pitch better than him.
When you make a reservation that's 8 hours or more, it should automatically reflect the daily rate. Try it out and let us know!
Hear, hear!
RT Grew up spending lots of time at the Van Buren Branch! Thank you Miss Blake!
look at my last tweet
that visit makes me really miss home
Why does everyone think they can sing.. Or have there own band? Your voice is technofied and your pants are too tight, go!
sound so faint in itranslate. Got it cranked to the max, but can barely hear. Even cleaned my ears to make sure it wasn't me
JK Went bunker to bunker four times on the famous 18th at Olympic Lake a few years ago, it was memorable for the wrong reasons
Ah, the wonders of a nap... clear thoughts, resolute goals. Image a second nap... genius!
Get your tickets for #BrewCityStompDown2012 TODAY! Riverside Theater and Pabst Theater box offices are open until 6:30pm.
I gave a presentation on racial integration policy last night. Crickets.
Lindsey's makeup is so cool!!
Those people that throw away all their friends for a relationship<<<<
RT : Bears RB Matt Forte is not expected to report to the start of the team's voluntary workouts Monday.
Gasser is bad at defense
I know!! 2 issues: 1. I live on the westside & 2. If I attend one alum show it opens me up to invites to others :/
I Do Need You - Bell Biv DeVoe: via this one's for u
#4famouswords Hi, we're One Direction.
a borin ass monday followed up by a borin ass tuesday somebody hmu asap
Great! Thanks.
Thanks for the RT! Have a wonderful day!
:(( yeaa a Lil birdie told me today :/, why though? We only got some weeks left to go
Thanks to USBank refusing to change my pin, I can't pay my rent. Way to go guys.
I got pulled over twice in the last two days :(
Watching family guy
Ew! Pheromone parties?! Yuck. RT: I'm having a pheromone party, being your 3 day old gym shorts.
Off to Omaha for a show tomorrow with the Omaha Symphony.
yeah im workin on the flyers and talkin to people right now :)
Welcome to our newest "likes" - Raquel, Melissa, Holly & Samantha! Thanks for the <3!
Getting so many new fans. Nothing makes me happier than this :D
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth. -Johann Friedrich von Schiller
Napa Hour will make your day better! 2 for1 in the BAR! Get your Napa on starting at 5pm
Hey. Do U know how a person would go about designating proceeds from a specific song sales from iTunes to a charity? Who might?
.haha I definitely have problems
#AJStream score! An anthropologist on the show! How has the perception of immigrants changed since the economic crisis?
If you were having breakfast for dinner, what would you want to eat?
BOTH? i got THREE! lmao and HELL YEAH!
Heh. "Can you, um, just drive me around the South Side for half-an-hour or so? Take your time."
shut up abel. your not allowed to tweet anymore -_-
RACKED UP SHAWTY RACKED UP SHAWTY ALL THESE BITCHES CALL ME RACKED UP SHAWTY!!!!!!!!
I've seen them a few times, but i've never played with them or anything
your a cup full of sunny delight
HEY that's not very nice
It's formal until we run thru it .....
keep guiding the kids in the right direction,we love your organization. We will be contacting you soon for joint venture.
will hold their Mighty Mic event today. Are you attending? Which student band do you think will come out on top?...
did you get the link i sent..
We're working on finishing up editing on our interview footage and it should be posted soon! Sorry for the wait!
Thanks, will take a look...
Always going to support no matter what #Mahomies4Life <3
Yeah, my bad, they didn't remove it. Timeline repositioned it.
www.artofevilgeniuses.com
Michael Carroll: "When the article gets created, the university claims a license to place the content in their repository"
Roland is speaking the truth. I saw him debate the F& who wants to illuminate all frat/soro. Do you believe the guy was pract. self hate?
This game is killing me...
Ha! I follow and am followed by quite a few ppl at #cildc and I haven't been f2f with any of them.
thats too late to work dont get dumped!
shoulda told him that new iPhone is making us Jack!!!
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight(Wednesday) @ Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge! Support DJR. Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF. 10pm it kicks off
Occupy Museums happening now, Occupy Libraries next?
You may be eligible to participate in the Black Farmers Class-Action Lawsuit on behalf of your deceased parents or self: info 901-522-8880
Happy May!
It's Friday. Have you thought about where you should be on the 1st Friday of June? Try - early summer in Columbus is nice
i need the 💦 to wash it, ☀to dry it, ⚡to striaghten it, and the ☁ to moisten it. 😂😭
To Maim A Pigeon
Air Review, most confusing band name ever? "Oh, you want me to review Air?! Ooh, no, no you don't.
What they used to call me when i was younger lmbo cuz of my big bootey!
Game over Full Tilt!
The Score is so good.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Harry S. Truman
Nothing like walking in the rain :)
Next movie at USC: Trainspotting. Wednesday April 18th @ 7PM, the Cinema Floor in New North.
FOR REAL?
Muffuca im a gorilla
Mayweater won...... Easy money
Go Blue!
Just ask us about the Soriano contract we're still hamstrung by years later. Hah.
Nice pic! Ouch!
Coffee crisis averted. Full cup,big smile. Pumped for #sdsms at
Many solid, many more pending :) But yes, love how unique the is. Definitely gives way to more creative planning.
yes mom I will answer it later
Here comes the hotstepper.
I SECOND For those of you tweeting that you support boycotting the ballot #BLOCKED and I will stop following you. Wake up!
we are working on it in the ATL, you added a show and we have a few more days but sold out or not, it will be a party
is there a PIT involved?
UF had its first digital humanities meeting yesterday. Looking forward to exciting techno-social-human-science collaborations!
Yeah . THE NEWS Lmfao
I can't wait to see the love of my life get up on stage and walk across proudly cuz he graduated against all odds
How many days ? Can't wait to see it in print. Excited for you!
I hate being insecure about everything.
will try this especially as I've been trying to work on a project since 730a & haven't done a thing.
im cold
At school this morning by watching 7th grade boys basketball practice
I'm craving In&Out and Jamba Juice! Good thing I will be enjoying BOTH places in a month before I report to the MTC :]
"Financial wizards saw some good news. Recession will end at the last part of the year. " I feel much better!
Trying to demo TB for a workshop but the servers are really slow. What's up?
Being bilingual comes in handy
now you know how it feel bitch
Summer, only now, at the END, do you understand!
Happy Friday! Celebrate with some sweet iced tea! .99 cents, any size. And pick up a box of donuts, I hear the Easter Bunny loves 'em.
This summer gon be bomb
At fuddruckers with
miley cyrus on punkd>>>
At Johns Hopkins, chillin! Big day today.
Research and Markets: Specialty Canning Industry in the U.S. and its International Trade [2012 Q2 Release]
you're welcome!
"Speak from your heart and never compromise what you feel is real."
And that's how you end the first half!
lol my bad
Who is seeing on the Sanctuary Mini Tour? :)
Table read tonight. I love a good table read. Informative and frightening and sometimes just plain fun!
Hello friends. Please vote for my idea at www.refresheverything.com/huellaslatinascs or text 102030 to 73774. Thanks!!!!
"Liam, you're about to get Punk'd... Love ya!" - ONLY MILEY! LOL.
Had a delicious lunch at the Alumni-Employee luncheon. Thanks very much to the Development & Alumni Relations staff!
hey, it's airplane reading! It was that or a fashion mag. The highlight of #asecs12 was #thatcamp but the rest was good too.
man I feel so much better thanks to you! Telling you are the real deal! Plus I love hearing your stories ;) thank you!
-- Looking forward to hearing y'all roast Tommy tomorrow!
You need a merchant account that can support Host Capture (Summit Platform). can help get you set up!
yeah but I barely go on it hbu.?:)
Really ? not now :D
I freaking hate dress shopping.dont wanna do this
great win for you boys tonight! 1.2 seconds, THAT was exciting!
not fair at all...
Thnx 4 following, Jorge! Congrats on your many accomplishments. cb
and we had American Family before switching to you!
Marvel, you will Rue the day!
Jessica going to the finals means that Phillip will win...just give him the contract now, lol.
Brand new suitcase with a brand new hole in it ...FML
"If we treasure our own experience and regard it as real, we must also treasure other people's experience." – John Charles Polanyi
For Easter Weekend, MPL is: CLOSED Good Friday; OPEN Saturday; CLOSED Easter Sunday; CLOSED (for city-wide furlough) Monday
i agree
ok I just saw a tweet that said it
Jamie Moyer becomes the oldest pitcher in MLB to win a game (49 years, 150 days)
more like sexy
Really? Im terribly sorry. I will resend it again this afternoon when I get back home. Lets also talk later today
What a great saying Andy!
The croquetas they sell in the publix bakery are FIRE
#AmexWholeFoods Looking forward to my deal!
I dont know much about algebra but what i do know is you plus me equals forever.
I could use a follow back
When guys say, "hehehe" it makes me think they're gay. It's like a little pussy laugh.
I heard you guys aren't going to be using my interview. Sigh...it's alright, it'll still be a good docu.
It's #PINK FRIDAY!!!!! #EPIPHANY is on the horizon. The who's who of Detroit will be in the building tomorrow night.
Lovin' listening to Andy Grammer. Makes me smile!
Going to wear green today! Wonder if they serve corned beef and cabbage at the
Lorenzo Rhodes rockin Feel Good Fridays this week.....
"Enemy non-alien" -- not even defined as citizens. at
Be very mindful who you share your dreams with. Especially friends and family. Not everyone supports you.
aw u got me blushing
boutta eat some cereal, then lay down !
We made it to the game. Let's go, Tigers!
JUNK AUDITIONS FEB. 26 This is a show about heroin addiction
Nobody fears gay people. Homophobia is a manufactured term.
u a request on FB
Hey Tom, invite there for you, Ryan, and whatever alumns to come to MDC Draft party on Thurs night at Frannies....
did Ur SIS get in trouble ?
Moving into our new digs down at the Thames Street Wharf in Fells Point! What a view (water, water, everywhere)!
Newark--and its 11 partnerships--is not a member of yet, can help!
ive been good just livin life in a CA hood lol hbu?? and its been too long
“: Happy International Women's Day to all ladies at #ActionCOACH TeamSage.” Same to you!
babe, why'd you hang up? :'(
It's very beautiful weather (wx) in Florida I went out today sunny and very warm, but don't mind cooler wx.
are u going to watch San Antonio's newest sports team the Talons; the arena football team?
Happy Monday, Creatives! What was your favorite weekend activity??
i just got a new puppy yesterday and HER name is Moka not ahka ohka
congrats watching it now u r such a tallented singer and actress I love watching glee big fan!
Real Talk, I Freak The Fuck Out When My Lips Are Dry
Wow!! I just got a glimpse of the header for my BEAT page this is going to be so off the chain!!!
RT : Bartenders’ soapbox: When you’re hunting for a new bartending job, what do you look for in a potential establishment?
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic EX for a new car!
SASI is hosting a beginning-of-semester happy hour tomorrow, 5pm at the Dog and Duck
Use a Good Stone Polish for additional luster on those special occasions, apply a good stone polish to the surface of your countertops.
Think Tank Meeting @ MP 5pm - Topics: Science & Sustainability, Improving the Education System, & Social Events ()
RT : Please... Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just drank a soda. It looks like you ate shit.
Tf is going on??
This chapter of the book is finally over
may i have a shoutout please?! love u :)
I am just glad someone saw the poetic justice in that. Amazing.
i love it when the phrase "read " appears in my feed
. I'll be releasing songs steady over the next two months
Everyone has talking pts: educate for jobs, for college, for natl security. How about educate for humanity, fulfillment?
Bummer when your bday goes from epic to septic #shit happends
it all depends what time of day it is
Yeah, MacHeads was pretty good, I thought of switching to Macintosh.
Thanks to for the free download! Woah-oh, I'm in love!
hey guess what.
haha you right about that.
No, a key difference (among many) is that Arabs fought and sacrificed to get rid of dictator, and replaced w/
Submitting actors for commercial auditions, updating profiles, contacting clients, setting up talent meetings, a busy day :)
Chocolate chip cookie and coffee to fuel the push to the end of the day!
so cute
well....he lost at mania...and he slipped tonight
#confessionnight I was mind blown when I found out Flo Rida was from Florida &his name spelt Florida &Will I Am is William
that lyric makes me cry.
are we gonna go???
Less than a week to a fresh start! Lets work together to make 2011 the best year ever!
Dude I'm kidding!! Hahaha :D
Flashmob. This Saturday. 3pm. Sign up for our mailing list on www.HoustonFlashmob.com for details as we send em out! Please RT.
This kids soo funny
Trying to change my profile pic but NO it's "too big" grr..
DO IT! (:< RT : I get happy when I see tweeting  I just want to keep on RT'ng him 
You think you're getting one over on me, truth is I've had two under me
nope waiting on you to send them
haha thank you!
im forreah. Ima pick you up from cheer practice tomorrow.
We would pay you in guilt and salvation.
I <3 My Life And Every Person Who Plays An Active Role In It.
I hate that I'm so nice sometimes, I easily get taken advantage of. If I was drunk 24-7 I wouldn't have a problem telling any1 anything lol
how nice of you! well I hope we see you there! (:
you are too! (:
Great meeting yesterday with Intoxx Fitness and Flip Fitness
Never give up on what you really want to do.
Just seems like a lot of grandstanding to me. I find it off-putting.
Do you want both of your performances on video?
Keep getting those spam "@"s about free iPad. #DamnIt #ItsAnnoying 😠👊
I haven't got one follower :(
No foul there. Refs just feel bad for them fucks and gave em a freebie.
I'm driving around town wasted! And I love it!
ha! let's catch up soon :-)
GM tony
I see. Where and when? And do you want me to announce it?
sigh. I have so much to learn.
Legal equality--so essential, yet so boring to contemplate! Here's something to do quick before your eyes glaze over: tinyurl.com/yfsu3ae
Swag Swag, on you.
it would give us top 5 pick, batum, and e williams to building blocks and probley lottery pick in 2013 draft!
all zach randolph knows how to do is 'eat'
"Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence"
If you're not #saving 10% of your #salary, you aren't saving enough.
Boogie Night in London, Dubin, Orando, NYC & Winter Haven
What is my cat staring at in the mirror? Herself? Or can she see into another dimension?
Man I'm in so much pain right now my rib killing me
Finished reading Decision Points by George W. Bush. Preparing for push for Cry Out America on 9-11-11 this year! www.awakeningamerica.us
that is not a Bad offer! I would totally take you up for this offer. I will be back soon n then we sign the papers!
Count down for Miami y'all step your game up
Wait, wait, wait... Dusty is bringing in a RHP to face Izturis, thereby forcing Ron to do what he should have done anyway?
half-together
I felt techno challenged when you told me DSL in the UK was much faster than mine. It must be on to take advantage of speed.
I can't remember being this unexcited about a Pats/Colts matchup... oh no... am I saying I miss Peyton Manning?
as a European me too
Schooling about How to make in NY!
Good call. It was still very close.
I thought it was two O's, idk. I caught the end of the preview.
happy new year!!! its gonna be awesome!
have fun, you'll love it, Also check out our crazy election culture..:)
Anyone else hear the low-flying jets over downtown Sacramento just a minute ago? What gives?
Live commentators to return to Miss Universe this year!
You made it this long? I had to stay off social media until Tuesday afternoon. :)
Happy for the Mavs! It's too bad they couldn't experience the big win at home. However, their arrival in Dallas will be EPIC!
Sheboygan Co. public health nurse Sandra Muesegades testifies: With the # of ppl at Capitol, it was really extremely clean.
Only have a week of phone , ipod , laptop , & friends . Then its the #groundedlife .
In shorts? RT : Cedar Mill was wet, but not too wet for a unicycle ride to school. RT : Soaked in Cedar Hills
That moment when you're at lunch and is biting her nails and one gets stuck between her teeth and her mouth starts bleeding...
Speaking of Pacman, Marquez lost that fight. Pacquiao didn't hurt Marquez either but he didn't lose and was the aggressor.
Karen is an amazing person woot woot :D
Cupid Has Done It Againn .
I'm so grateful for Pinterest this year. Takes the guess work out of Mother's Day.
yeah...chords would be helpful.
I can't keep my dock next to my bed as well? :P My OS X dock is at the bottom, with pretty much the standard apps I use.
40's and Street Fighter...takes me back to my childhood
the whole world hads going nuts
Will do--got another application from a South Carolina hospice approved today!
oh my I love the pic:)
i'd say there's a #sixtytwo percent chance.........
YES! I added him. Hope we can get you both on...We'll be in LA doing our shows too...
Kentucky Derby bound. Hoping to make it through Ohio ticketless...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASHLEY JUDD ONE BBN'S BIGGEST FAN'S......
Wait is this the surprise project you referenced last week? It has A Chang written all over it.
You guys always give the best advice! My meeting went great! :)
#That1friend that can make me laugh at my saddest time,
No Shame is just a few hours away. What will this week bring? More dog tricks? More existential sturm und drang? Or will we all just dance?
Don't ask me something, then ignore me when I ask why.
#NNRC member encourages #Nashville friends to check out Nashville Bar Association's new office open house July 12 at 3:00
That'd be great!
Just heard about the hit to Matt Cooke, I seriously hope he's okay. He's one of my favorites
haha what? No harm done, I've heard worst things lol
Tired of following people who don't follow back!
Text me :)
damn damn damn! How have you been man? You gonna get me into some basketball games on a press pass?
major thanks to the for the great nyc #smallbiz event with yesterday
Just rolled up to the venue. This is going to be a great show! The venue is only letting 350 people in so come early
Good, don't reply, it's not like it was important or anything
I'm ready to hit Douglas Lake! <33333
Lolz save it for next week
wtf! You mean there's no more Zane for the rest of Degrassi???? D: How is that possible.
There are times I want to lodge a bullet in the back of my skull.
The two most important things in my life are _________ and __________.
Just Dance like no body is watching :D
Looks like we've got a game close to home next week!
I'm in love with your avatar, you spicy boxer!
Reading 's How to create LinkedIn pages for each of your law firm’s practice groups. (glad we're a boutique!!)
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
whether or not Don Lily approves is kinda my new favorite hashtag. Second to
I'd like the Yotes to win tho, atleast make a series of this.
Bad idea: 1. Choose a theme. This theme looks awesome...with photos. 2. ...Start a photo blog. Hmm, I don't really like taking photos.
Looking forward to seeing you and let us know if we can help with anything!
If u were born in 1993-1999 follow me for 500+ followers
Thanks! RT : Half Moon wishes all our friends in the US a happy Presidents' Day!
I love having my own couch in my room. I can just crash on it and watch tv in comfort
bummer, nashville lost 1-0 to phoenix.
Monthly wine club delivery just arrived. 6 bottles a month may be a tad ambitious.
What am I going to do now that tennis is over?! Oh yea.
Did you get to try them at the gym yet?
Almost back to the west coast! Im going to miss my j-lism friends...
Ok I'm officially fed up with high school and everyone in it well not everyone 😭
Agreed! Curating is not simply aggregating RT : I like that: curating is not selecting out, but adding onto.
I need to make some changes in my life.
1 gram of rice...1 gram of beans???
I'm trying to change my financial forecast for the next year! I'm making a few small adjustments in areas that I'm wasteful
you should accept my Skype request its been pending for 3 days now and I'm anxiouse
I have serious doubts about our ability to pay bills next year and 13/14 and beyond. $30 million in next years budget is iffy
Bleeh still tired -.-
Purple is as purple does. Yes, all our purple merchandise in the Bliss Boutique is still on sale today. Get yours while our colors last...
Student Mariana Guzman from Ivy Prep gives a stunning preformance and gets a standing oviation
thank you so much! and thanks for the +K on klout as well. :)
You WONT want to miss this Sunday's sermon in our Love Life Rehab series! I know there is no where else I would rather be! See u there!!!
Don't forget! Tonight from 5-8pm we will be having a Wine tasting featuring some great local Washington wines. Hope to see you there!
45,000 are there just for the Apple store. The other 4,000 divided between H&M and Hot Dog on the Stick
Happy National Condom Day BOCKMIST
Gonna sing with The McCrary Sisters tonight at I'll be doing a song from my cd on called The Chokin Kind..
Is it from a collection? I'd love to suggest it for Do you know how to get in touch with him?
Cheer up im sorry for what ever happend, dont respond ik u dont wanna talk. just letting ya know i hope shit gets better
Most people don't vote, so incumbent rate means little to me.
I love wifi.
let's set a date!
your welcome<3
Hey Revis, eat Randy Moss's ass farts! That slouch Moss could only get one hand on the ball.
I still haven't started.
"Archivists are having a hell of a time with E-mail and faxes...How do you collect those things?" Phila Inquirer article, 1992Sep21 (pg E01)
"People don't want to admit they need help." -JFW so ask what you can do, not how to help
why can't you get beer today?
there is a storm of youtube video ideas in my head.
G.O.O.D music .
LOVE the HOB. And I'd love to see something like that happen in many places in OKC.
The three words women most want to hear from a man are, "You lost weight".
curt said you gotta work in order to buy a home.
Why wasnt One Direction nominated for best music group?!
Hmm... just learned you can "like" us by texting Wildfire Fitness to 32665...
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Thanks for the mention...and the fabulous rug connections!
cool can u please follow me?
Spent the day in the ER with Oliver. He's a tough bunny- tangled with some carpet tacks. We just can't catch a break!
You must have been hacked because I am certain you would have no reason to say this!
yo loss, I know you love it out here!!
Nice! Golden Bear came into my head the other day (as song not melody). Did we ever get a recording of that?
lol was u talkin to me
Lol Yes If That Flying Leaf Has Guts And Makes Noises. I Don't Like Anything That Crawls, Babies & Bugs Alike
An online service had an old address of mine, 6-residences-ago old. Very much looking forward to settling into one place for a few years.
Hey u. . .just looked phone. Thanks for saying hi :) Good 2 hear things r going good 4u!!!! Awesome job on the 1/2 marathon!
Catch David Benowitz on #WUSA 9 News discussing the jury phase of the #Chandra Levy case.
United States Air Force appears to be attacking Chicago this afternoon. One would think Obama would not permit this sort of thing.
(c) Doesnt think they're all attractive. -_-
I refuse to be the wifey?
Aneury looked like a different guy tonight but hard to tell if it means anything. He wasn't shutting people down in OKC.
And here we go!
grateful my #wisdom_tooth extraction went so smoothly
TGIF, only 3 more hours at work, and then I'm heading home! There is only 1 week left till I'm bound for #inyourhands!
Joe Hite is tearin' it up! Stop in for one great show from our very own piano man! $2 off all wine, $5 sangria & $13 sangria carafes =)
S/O to the lunch lady for giving me extra bacon!
When someone rides my ass on the interstate and I'm already goin 20mph over the speed limit<<<<
The more ambitious your vision, the more likely you are to attract the significant investors.
i finished the song finally ..ggosshhh
HOLY JESUS SHUTTLESWORTH
Awww Best wishes for a speedy recovery. My little guy Connor is having surgery on Thursday. Mom's nervous, six yr old is not!lol
I'll be back to AUS just as soon as I can :D
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors stilettos.
&#39;The Avengers&#39; Assembles Best Pure &#39;Superhero&#39; Movie Of All Time
what's wrong?
"Man of Constant Sorrow" playing at Starbucks near Penn Station...fabulous.
I really should be in #Chicago at one of the theaters showing #Casablanca today. + Chicago = very happy girl.
The History of Redwoods in Northern California is both inspiring and tragic. Boom and bust both economically and ecologically.
that's 2 songs now recorded at my College Station TX studio! More coming.
I love it.lmao.
#808Pride dear mom, I love the way u lie cause i lie too :D
Joey rocks. I met amazing people in high school. RT : Catch the Ceramic Speakers on page D7 of today's New York Times
dnt knw what's going on but pray babe smile and keep your head high, I pray everything will be alright <3
that's interesting! What are your thoughts on mobile friendly sites for #smallbiz?
You look dumb when you say "SMH" in a real conversation. Instead, just perform the action. I'll pick up on your displeasure.
Getting ready for the Steelers! Monday night football!
RT : “Our #food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.” – Hippocrates
Just emailed someone named 'batpig' hoping for help getting my ps3/denon/center channel hooked up properly
At least I am getting alone time but I still feel jipped out of breakfast Moms are always supposed to get breakfast in bed.
Kill Tits, Vol 1, by Quentin Tarantino
ha! Four of us shared it with no ill effects. We're off to Stratford-on-Avon today & return tomorrow.
Thank you to all the new followers! And thank you to everyone for the support! If you like my music you'll follow
Deeper engagement - a necessity.
QoTD: "Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." (Will Rogers)
#DrinkNeuro Now at our store. Get your favorite flavor
You say you don't want to lose me but you do everything to push me away
Watching sound check at The Glasshouse in Pamona, CA. Playing The Fearless Friends Tour tonight. Doors open at 6pm
7 Day until Christmas...Have you sent out your holiday cards to friends, family, and clients yet?
Bri is just to gone right now with this talking in her sleep shiiiii
I'll never complain about Baltimore traffic again. DC traffic is making me feel like a trapped toddler.
May we have the toy group in the ring please?!
I see how it is. How's the view on the right? ;-)
he said he gon keep doing it,pussy niggah he then jus fucked up bigtime
Gtfo of here with your cake mode ass
that is a daily occurrence at demonbreun and I40
Happy birthday Kurasawa!
RT ! ": How do people think your pretty O.o"
Target, Whole Foods, Food Lion, Safeway, Costco say they don’t sell or will stop selling ‘pink slime’ or ‘lean, finely textured beef.’
"Made it .,. ..landed LAX
Hahaha! Yeah, I bet you're right.
thanks for the follow!
Not even sure if I can do anything today. Huge project I'm not finished is due tonight. And so many assignments due tomorrow.
#ONLY mexicans know taco bell aint got shit on REAL mexican food.
what if I actually suffocated,
This nigga mad about something everyday.
Ran 12.1 mi yesterday... getting ready for the
Time to get textual at 69822 on your mobile! The soundtrack to your nightlife is on with ! & 1D on the way!
Still time to join our noon tournament. Registration is open until 1:40 pm, $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Tonight @ Nola's...we have Sweet Baby J'ai from 7pm-10pm, the after work cool down. 734 E. 3rd St., Downtown, Los Angeles, 90013
put a tiny taxidermy on it!
haha thanks!But be honest,do you like it?Is it fun?lol
Wade is inconsistent heat will only go as far as Bron take them!! Bron is the best player on that team!
Why do you worry about things like that?
Sorry I've been MIA twitter...work, life and everything else in the world has preoccupied my life
Time to stop work and go listen to stories about work. Off to and the monti story slam.
If It Didn't Come With Money or Fame Who Would Still Make Music?
fine then....
Oh, yes, all kinds of fattening wonderfulness
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe and a lot of people sex Ed.. No wonder ain't no girl got prego yet. You hoes really payed attention!!
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?
when u free im ready asap bro
Darn you Dan T from Rocky River you won my VIP Floor Seats for next years home opener...
The definition of the problem that ends the piece is profound, a highly nutritious kernel for thought. Thanks for this.
#bestprankever Walk into elevator full of peeps wearing sunglasses. Door closes. You say, "You must be wondering why I called this meeting."
you always say that! 3:
Don't really have anything to say today!
Or met himself a nice girl
LSU vs ALABAMA should be interesting. Two erratic teams that can turn it on but #rolltide should win big.
As much as I liked the film, most of the success of 'Thor' was due to the incredible score.
still gotta another quater i think bama can do it lets go!
How to Feed Elephants by P. Nutts
Hey y'all!!! I've been given the approval to share to the world that ... I'm gonna be an aunt!!!!!! My sister is prego! PTL!!! :)
Thanks for following! Have a wonderful day :)
You'll understand why God made those fly over states :)
Judging from the fact that I spend 80+ dollars at legends on a weeknight, I'm going to be a broke joke after tonight
's is packed like the county
Would it kill you to throw in a few rhymes about raisin toast or farmers' markets?
As soon as #Redsox came home 2 Fenway they started winning again. But they have to play away games sooner or later, don't they?
Thank you, Patrick. I just saw yesterday that your family suffered a loss this week; I am sorry, and send my condolences.
Life is a series of mixed emotions occasionally punctuated by moments of brilliant clarity - Unknown
doing good. Nrs semes over so I caan breathe a lil... Otherwise doing some lite sum courses/gym/tennis/fam.
Got to love the midterms. Now time to get back to governing. BTW, thanks for all of the CNN ad buys tonight. Great PR job!
I think the views to vote ratio is due to people who viewed on their mobile phones, keep pushing bro
in #ANA Mag. "Diversity is biz imperative-diverse perspectives/views/ideas create innovative environment." #Diversity Matters
RT : To produce extraordinary #results, develop the habit of doing what you don't want to do.
2 types of home ownership for unmarried couples: joint tenancy - property shared equally; tenants-in-common - separate share in the property
": Black rims are so sexy!" make a song about it. "black rims and black boys. black rims and black boys."
Talk about shaking up the #openaccess world: PLoS's to run #oa journal , which offers lifetime membership for $99...
not much pretty bored haha wbu?(:
hey Jon hois sat going for u
BROWN JERSEYS!! SUPERBOWL! But seriously, don't say this FO doesn't listen to the fans anymore. Ask and ye shall receive.
When I'm at home by myself is peace and tranquility
Netflix I swear if u keep slowing down I will kill you
Thanks, Jake. Honduras IS in Central America, :-)
RT : Entrepreneur : have a backup plan for when you succeed. Keynote @
SF is fantastic. No bear sightings yet, tho. :-) How's everything in your world? Let's catch up soon!
with this series Clippers because of KMART. My favorite are the Bulls but if I want a West team to win I like the Thunder.
CW quote of day: Union soldier; "It's awful confounded dull here. Nothing even half interesting...saw a fellow's leg taken off last night."
Probably the wallpaper.
Hilarious. is obligated to say these things about me since I helped raise him.
What would you ask the panel at tomorrow's #cnndialogues? To whom?
thanks for the tunes! Outstanding!!!
Just bought my first t-shirt on …. cool model for affordable, stylish clothes. brand feels like j.crew liquor store meets uniqlo
jack & jill , great movie right there .
Good morning tweets! Getting my running done so I can go work out at the gym with my friend. May all have a good sunday.
Thanks for the shout out!
What it do? What the business is?
Okay thank you for laying out the rest of my week really appreciate it.
IT TAKES A REAL WOMEN TO ADMIT AND APOLLOGIZE FOR WHAT SHE DID I RESPECT U FOR THAT TAMI
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can
miss my old friends but will miss my new friends...ah
Just had a amazing rehearsal with The Philhallmonic Society for our Jerry Herman Show. New choreographer who worked with Carol Channing :)
how is tanlines i'm shooting them tomorrow at kexxxp
When ye are prepared for a thing, the opportunity to use it presents itself. Edgar Cayce
Hi Clifford - thanks for the #FF mention! Austin is a cooler place but I hope you enjoy San Antonio - also fun!
RT : Bodies hot and horny
Listening to wop reminds me of SB with
you watching the game at your sisters?
Thank you!! I was surprised when I saw it!
THANKS for posting my indie find!
Sharing the food love with
bring me some?
sounds wonderful!!! I'd love to visit~
Congrats! RT : We've been ranked one of the Fastest Growing Companies in Oregon for 2012!
Sometimes I get so wrapped up in all the things I haven't done, I forget to be happy with what I have.
go with the grey goose and hunger games!
A textbook illustration of the error of logic called "argumentum ad populum." RT More like 60-70% agree.
I'll follow once my limit is removed, and you don't have to list me =)
It's 6:30 and I'm still not at a coffee shop.
New puppy is doing so well.Been making his food so he stays healthy his whole life.Don't become your vet's best client! www.wholepetdiet.com
RT : Attending the ? Bring your own nametag. Reducing garbage and increasing creativity.
Been there. I did WW while also leading a GS Troop. I suggest crunching up 1 Thin Mint in a cup of vanilla yogurt each day.
Vision more. Work less. It works. ~Tammy Vitale
The #Mavs WANTED it. The #Heat thought they DESERVED it. That was the difference. And Bosh...there's no crying in basketball.
At Chili's in Fresno
You cannot write clearly, and you know it. We can help. Find out how at Elukeinc.com (Eluke Expressions, Inc.)
KISS HIM ALREADY!
I try to avoid words that already exist, but I would call people with this Deaddiction Deadliners.
Omgomgomg . Time for the wanted to get punked !
Most definitely is.
What did Cena say after the match? My power cutoff..DAMMIT
Am I the only person inlove w the "word count" feature?
I was so excited for Adele. Now kinda sad for her.
lowkey, I think you have a minor one.
Calipari vs. Pitino matchup of the two biggest scumbags in the NCAA.
Raising the banner!
#MothersDay Idea: Take mom out for a bike ride or a nice hike followed with lunch. Or try one of our yoga classes!
Enjoyed #AmyHolmes. She's poised, articulate, and respectful of opposing views. Hard to believe she works for that idiot GB.
ive been an enchancer since i seen him on The Ellen Show......i cant believe people leave him.
"Thanks for flying...come back soon" says pilot thousands of ft. above LAX, prior to disembarking. What gives?
Sitting on the bus, going home from work, thinking bout what to make for dinner!
Should I wear my $600 shoes and suffocate my feet all night log or just go with Zara shoes?
Omg I love Kimmy <3 there's so many reasons why she's my favorite.
Hey Where are the JOBS!?
May the force be with you! cool outfits!
Unbelieveable, 10 hours. WOW. you are holding up well.
are you being productive today???
I'm so silly! There are tweets happening but I can't follow the convo and understand it!
If I get enough of my followers to say they want to check it out I'll post a screenshot....So who wants a sneak peek??
yup! don't forget your costume! ;)
It'll still be strawberries cooked in syrup, it just may not gel as much without tons of sugar. A looser jam is still delicious.
Cleaned the fish pond out 2day... the fish r happy!
thanks for the RT, Joe :)
The Jets just drafted "Robert Griffin" from Baylor. I love it.
#in I am on #oraclebigdata forum ...excellent sessions on Big Data
Fellas.. If you let yo Child Breastfeed until he's 4 years old, that's like letting yo Woman Cheat on you with a Midget!
Are you a supported or are you being cute?
So awesome!
True but today you HAVE to drink. It's the law.
GM Tweeps, have a lovely day!
I don't want to add to your problems but I get an error in iTunes that says the url is no longer a valid podcast.
We're open! Come say hi to Joseph.
Work with wounded warriors based on his experience and education--found a home and job he wants to have
Damm I gotta go to westland to cop my mom a gift..
Stay over there and where's the K? Why I love #Kansas: no idiotic KC City Tax, good roads and no idiotic Jack County Taxes”
10K run was awesome tonight, wish I could do this every day. now time for dinner and finish editing a wedding
Close Up: Portraits - May 5 at 9 pm: via
Seriously mixed feelings, I need to think about this.
#whenwillyou realize that you're the shit and deserve better?
...I love him so DANG much(:
OMG HOW RUDE WAS THAT ;O NOO PHILLIP DESERVES TOO WIN DISSSS AIIIGHTTTT ?
Wow. Shocked to learn how lack of local radio can cost lives in a disaster.
“: #BREAKING: Mike Wallace, veteran journalist interviewer, has died at 93. More to come.” --> Sun nights won't be the same.
i Have Shit To Do So I'll Entertain You Jungle Bunnies Later.
It's the last day of classes for students at Best of luck on your finals!
Traffic was crazy yesterday. Sorry you missed class because of it. Hope to see you back in the studio soon!
Damn my cousin tho'
Framing a Blaxicana Identity: A Cultural Ethnography of the Valley Homes, Lincoln Heights, Ohio, 1955-1960. Diss defended by Ana Thorne: Dr.
Greetings, thanks for the love and what is man clothing about, where did you find out about somaphony
What. A. Douche! One day, he'll get what's com to him! I don't even know him lol
I can't believe I'm still sick though . My immune system sucks.
Ninety-eight days ago, I requested info about from Still haven't received anything. Any chance it will come today?
Hear, hear.
I think it may be time for a drink at ...
thank you! hope you have a great week-end!
Fill petrol at night, don't drive fast: expert 'Kuwait adopting multiple ... - Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
My Quote of the Day - "The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own.", Theodor Adorno
Excited to see Pyke this week, but I'm annoyed that the GoT opening credits keep showing Dany to be in Vais Dothrak.
are you ok?! What happened?
James Cameron is amazing. Who would think the director of Titantic - 1997 - a hugely innovative film would also direct Avatar in 09.
Off to take my son to karate class.
Thank you for the ARL link! (much belatedly)
Yes they will be online... they should also be in the paper. Censorhsip is a very slippery slope
more like pitfall. Lol
Secret services but we have no tinted windows i love this no one will find out i love apperances
July 13 give or take a few days and I can lol.
it surprisingly didn't take much effort.haha I cried like a baby!!
Gotta get that three! Who will take it?!?!
Tonite we live w/ for her going away party @ the venue #bittersweet :(
Target Hilldale is the place 2 be. Line isn't too long and there's free energy bars and hot cocoa
Thx ! I'm stealing your #FF :)
Fancy seeing you here Mexican
I'm putting together my website, Facebook and Twitter for my book, The Biking Way!
