In the studio recording our new single…gonna be sick! Drum tracking today for "Someday"
what'd he say (0_o)
#itsfunnyhow the one thing I'm sure I'm doing right turns out to be the only thing bringing me down
'LIKE' us on Facebook, 'FOLLOW' us on Twitter, 'FRIEND' us on My Space & 'JOIN' our Yahoo Group!!!
All you Ignite talkers for next Friday, get your slides ready, you only get 5 minutes :) 20 slides, 15 seconds each. Going to be a hoot!
Thanks go out to eV's Underground @ CKCU FM 93.1 for being their ReverbNation Artist of the Week & 4 being part of a cool set last night.
work 5-9 tonight then a project an essay and a study guide
Sporting the bun today. Much better than the humidity induced bouffant.
Musings: Get out of your comfort zone. I believe that not much of significance happens in our comfort zone. Security is for cadavers.
Because of , one of Panasonic's latest professional cameras now conforms to #CLVS industry standards. Thanks, Bruce!
Have to agree ": You will never be the player your dad was and still is You are a subpar perimeter defender as well!"
Anything goes wen it comes to hoes
Darell Issa hosted the first meeting of the "He Man Woman's Haters Club" in decades. Spanky is spinning.
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
What are you listening to right now?
yeah multiple accounts you have to pay for pro version ($15 USD) though
That fuckin bitch forgot TWO TIME MVP TIM DUNCAN!!!!!!
WOULD LIKE TO SAY: One World Park Entertainment's site may go dark for a bit as I change web hosts..currently dissatisfied with old one.
It looks like its almost 8 at night and its 1:30 sheesh this weather is wacky
did you listen to the new FTFD song?!?
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall. ~ Larry Wilde
Unprecedented unity among sites both large and small... Google, Reddit and WIkipedia join bloggers from around the world to protest SOPA.!!
Caught my flight. Off to #ASECS12 in San Antonio to give a paper. Insert your own Alamo joke here.
Hoping for good weather so we can go to the this weekend.
Well he started it. :D
Just set my alarm for 5 am.
It is cold in LA! Good thing we are heading to the desert an not staying on the coast!
Who's playing at Maxwell's?
How did you send the tweet?
If you could choose anywhere in the world to study, where would it be? -PT
you are my 100th follower...want to celebrate with a shot at Bradys concert tomm?
Great CPF Convention.
yOURE THE SECOND PERSON WHO'S PUT THAT OMG OK IM DOING IT
Now if only I could sing, now if only I could sing.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
thanks man! Which colleges? Same with yours!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~Maori Proverb
at least I got to hear Dante's Inferno Theme.
the upside is boring Thursdays lead to great Saturdays.
Just now reading some interesting letters from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Ishmael Reed. He offers to finance *Reckless Eyeballing* as a movie.
Don't miss the 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans willbe there, like www.amazingchips.com !
Thanks for coming to the launch party!
sticks & stones may break my bones, but chains & whips excite me 😉😁
Humans are jacked up #justsayin'
Looking for a new brunch spot downtown? We are now open every Sunday at 11am serving traditional English breakfast items.
American Idol 👍
You know you use your phone too much when you have to charge it 3 times a day.
I wish i was famous
Blast Friday was interesting.
Raise that jolly roger!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Batista's dick. RT if you have seen Batista's dick and respect the legendary dick of Batista.
I love the way that booty go.
Happy Spring Break! :)
Wow i cant go to the bernard picnic this weekendd
we were too. but hey, i'm in chicago. i'm perfectly happy. and i haven't but i will if i can today. he'll be teaching all day
now following!
We used to talk for hours. Look at us now :/
Haha. I'm not a morning person, either...I'll try to go back to sleep after she leaves. :)
Well, also my friends are going. So that makes it easier to do.
LMAO!a": #WhereAreTheyNow stuck up your ass bitch."
had the hey perro wrap! Fantastic and I have lunch for dinner
I thought you weren't following my feed any longer...
my pleasure. well written and loved the story. It was an awesome title defense at Wildflower!
Congratulations to #MaryStramel of #GeneralMailingandShippingSystems in #ABQ. Mary was awarded at #womenofinfluence!
get crazy! get wild! who happy 21st doll, :)
I'm scared to death of electricity -- I don't even like to unplug things bigger than a lamp. I can't imagine rigging the BGE.
Can not wait to record on Monday :) Maybe another studio update? :)
oh my
Baseball is so interesting yet so boring at the same time
you got the wrong dude
#rangers score! Nice
Told me what?!
Here's our recipe: sit at bar, order, wait.
Many things going through my mind now. ~.~
Wow. Lost for words. That's why it's the world's sport.
I haven't tweeted in over a month. -_-
not Ganesh. GAME.
Idaho judge drops charges in moonwalk dance case - Northwest Cable News
Being main stream <
My parents are divorced,so if you need to talk to anyone Im here. Time heals everything,and remember its NOT your fault<3
RT Admit it, At some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
here's to the kalin and myles fans who like jakeeyp's eyebrow stories.
I need sum help on bmi... Who's can help
but KR is a beast. We need one good OL this year and he's my pick. Heard he got MVP at camp
I was just there this weekend!!
agree with you there. I just think the comparison to Color is off.
although you make a good point, who could forget Real Genius?
haha u so didnt make that!! mom!!!!!Nicks lying again!! lmfao!
Tweet tweet.
and I thought we had this awesome French contingent on there way to Albuquerque. Shucks.
I'll Be dumb late seein it but probably safe house...... what u tryna see
You crack me up!! One of your funniest lines~He's so gay he farts glitter! #LOL "Big Fat Pussy" Cat line was up there too!
Photo shoot today for "Most Beautiful People" issue of My hometown magazine...such an honor!!
i doo too, but the internet don't need to love it! ;)
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u :*
they weren't yelling in our game, they never had a chance too haha
#throwbackthursday during free >>>
Super excited for my show at Maguire's tonight!!
LOL where you from? :-)
enjoy your weekend, Dana!!
what's your favorite brand of pencil?
Hi Valerie! Thanks for also sharing the important work of using school to foster good, thinking, caring, responsible people!
Thanks for the review –– can't wait to see! Shoot me an email & I'll send you more great nutritional info!
Wanting to tweet nonstop because i could read them al day.
what up
Thank u very much!We appreciate the follow! :-)
Going to Panera with the cousins <3
at the Portland Winterhawks game!
I should be getting some sleep got a denist appointment in Philly tomorrow.
RT : "Storytelling is SEO for the human brain" says aka Mike Sowden at
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
First pumpkin spice latte of the season!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 18
Get chip to diverge juke slide n Dj solo to do the chicken Wang
Someone bring me some BBQ por favor.
But this Suite at Royals stadium is NICE! Free food and drinks including beer - can't go wrong. And I guess the royals are up 2-1.
Thanks for the #FF love!
In my zone, jamming to chris brown - all back.
Come into Lotties for food & drink to melt the slush away.
the team is so excited! Now neither of you have excuses ;) ...Not even you, Harrison; Mr. iPad. Hehe.
Where at?
no luck bro
Sometimes i don't think i'm good enough . . . :/
I've been super busy putting the finishing touches on our new website!
raining in detroit today. not that big of a deal though, won't dampen my day. getting some work done, then out for beers. m, beers.
I wish I had some mac n cheese.
Rule 1: Get consent. Rule 2: Pace yourself. Rule 3: Stock up. RT : Condom distribution today 6:15-7pm on the corner of 17th & Fee!
I WISH I COULD.
so glad to hear there is some football/band love going on there!
Depressing. RT : I'm officially changing the names of the days of the week. It will now be Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Friday.
haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta, & a holly bush...
Your source for solid unfinished Brazilian Cherry T&G 3/4" x 3-1/4" & 5" hardwood flooring.
So GOP's answer is deregulate everything and drill--Deep Water Horizon 2 here we come. That Is So Wrong! RT : Drill baby drill.
HFC is excited to welcome our coming MUST students from Mongolia next month! We are all looking forward to getting to know you!
Thx for the follow Kudos to your team for making children & families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions!
glad you could tune in! I could listen to talks about content strategy and examples all day : ) Good stuff.
I'm coming over as soon as you get it !!!
We'll have 300+ in teal and purple coming from Rochester - you won't be alone!
As Atari continues to wage war on its hardcore fans,is it wrong for me to point out that the real Atari died in 1984 when Warner broke it up
I hate summer classes
I miss you too bro!
And my other best friend reginahh!!<3
don't even start with me on the crap!!
Oh, great HC tip! Sedaris has been reliably wonderful on the road, along with Sarah Vowell. Another, weirdly: Nora Ephron.
KINGS SCORE!!!
thanks for coming in tonight!
So our homebrewed Rye P.A. and Oatmeal Stout are both pretty great!
Hi Mark. This is Colin's mom. Colin died of sunburn.
Jealous! I was just there in November! Have a safe and fun trip!
we are live on air now #LateNightLesbiansRadio ★ Blind Date ★ single ladies call 347-857-2089
Laser Hair Removal is the best! Check out our special for February - it's cheaper than you think!! http: //bit.ly/ikAubO
Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go.
our whole pie is much bigger, could feed two, while theirs fits on a paper plate. I compare mine to
Thanks for RT
Well, that's not cool.
your the best!
Yeah I don't think I could bellet.
Was listening to Devil Went Down to GA. on WSM yesterday. I wish all slick commercial country were that good and creatively produced.
thanks for following us as well!
so true thx for spreading such an important message!!
Off topic #aam2012 - this room smells like wet hay ? It's strength is distracting me :-( OKAY back on topic/track
looking forward to seeing play tonight! my fiancé is one talented guy
Bye honey <33 have a goodnight :* besos
Watching The Heist with and So funny.
i need followers, i know no one on twitter :(
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
My obsession with Usher is a little unhealthy 😍
RIP David #Broder; journalists and readers alike would do well to read "Behind the Front Page"
"it's so early 90s hanging out with ugly people, you know?"
and WHY is the city paying $5K in ground rent to ANYONE? Buy that land back!
Read interviews and more coverage from the #African Film Festival!
meeting of the minds in Detroit airport, where I just ran into Jerlando Jackson!
I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am. thanks so very much.
Flying to LA in January! Excited!
I like all forms of music so long as the lyrics are intelligent and profound, and preferrably socio-political, unlike most pop music.
UK has one of the largest fan bases in sports, yet you writers think it's news that 30 people sent some bad tweets to a player.
there is a lot of email misuse. Like emails where every1 + their dog are copied. Need to align email w getting things done.
How do you fuel your long runs?
No. 4 LSU Tigers Look to Continue Success in May: Fan&#39;s Take
On my way to Baton Rouge, been real busy, tweetin back and catchin up tomorrow mornin!!!
I hear you. We're wrapping up the kids bathroom. Taken six months, meanwhile he's been sharing ours. Ugh.
COLLEGE NIGHT TONIGHT - BEER PITCHERS - BEER PONG - $25 ALL YOU CAN DRINK WRISTBANDS!
Tip of the day: if you want to be the president then alls you got to do is make presidential decisions
Q: why jump to blame new social media given the much longer-term increase in loneliness? a fun, yet implausible, explanation
get in touch with Daniel ching at minarets HS in california - he may be able to help ,
Excited to be heading to the Baltimore office for 's going away party. Ole!
Hello love doctors. Yes, you are very astute. I haven't left the incubator in longer than I care to admit
ugh, my new replacement iPhone means i have to try to remember all my passwords for access to my social media apps
Well Tamale Guy just left. Prepare for entire bar to smell like farts in 5...4...3...2...boom.
I'm about to become a millionaire!! I promise to give you all a share of my winnings...seriously
A wide selection of my photography will be on display in the lobby of the Loudoun County Government Center in January and February.
omg your background. LOL
still at the game and pissed off!!!!
I feel like I'm going to puke. What. The. Heck.
Woot! I wouldn't expect Ms. Lada to do anything less. Thanks for including us. Cheers to
how's tomorrow? (:
If he'da been Jayson Blair he would have had the run of the place already...
Pearson, has turned AIMS standardized testing into a billion-dollar-a-year industry. Dumbing down our kids, one test at a time..
charging my phone :P
www.slobbersnaks.com
Rain or shine. Get on a bike people. Thats why your called
There really is nothing quite like 90's Pop Bass haha
Follow me/stalk me
yess we do need to talk abt you know what still ;) will you text me in the morning tomorro Shaun?
Enjoying your website (translated/Chrome). I particularly liked your advice about looking into people's eyes when speaking.
no way? Lol well then I'm sure Annabelle would be glad to meet you
Now, we'll see if justice can stand its ground.
Congrats to editor Sheila Black--she won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship!
shut up big head
My cornucopia brings all the tributes to the yard.
If Oosthuizen was a dick and the TV was on the green, this would be Happy Gilmore come to life.
Thanks for the RT!
My ass hole
Give a man a fish & he’ll eat for a day.Teach a man to fish, & he’ll disappear every weekend with his buddies from April till November.
Autism awareness! RT : Today is World #Autism Awareness Day. Support in their extremely important mission.
strategic agendas hurt my brain
I love this movie. I cry every time.
Black(out) Friday. Shop for new diggs instead!
Join me in Hodgkins this weekend at The Quarry Spring Craft Show. Saturday 9-6 Sunday 11-5. Located at Lagrange and Joliet Rd.
my feelingsarent hurt. I could careless. Just dont evr say girls I smash are ugly when look at jesy
It is so COOL! I just checked it out too!
What others think about you is not important. What you think about yourself means everything.
Upload and Download...made easy.
our pitching needs to get better but I still can't believe we got him lol
Small world - D Duck is now Florida Citrus, owned Citrus Grows CO-OP. hav freinds who hav worked there from bac in the day
don't worry Reade. Once they read your tweets you'll reveal to them how idiotic & pretentious you are
Hey sign up w/our street team today at Tigerfest and receive $75 in driving credit! 3pm-7pm
SCORE. yes.
Making moves, not excuses!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well....
One word. Flasks.
on location in Kennebunkport all day. cell phone in South Boston so email if you need me.
There's a lot at stake, Rick. #JoshHamilton has had off-the-field issues. And, #fans haven't forgotten.
Good morning!!!
Washington take on the tonight at 7:30. Catch it on projectors with full sound
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
No matter how good of a girl you think she is or might be, a hoe is still hoe...
The holiday lights are up in the CCT office and it's looking festive! Now if only this rain would change to snow :)
Another day, another promo. :)
nope tweets here are alive and well.
CNI - the Coalition for Networked Information - is now on Twitter
Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the #NIC!
I need a women to text me whats good ladys
hey boo
On the road again, forgot my socks, had to go to Kohls.. more bad news, found out it wont be ready this months, best chance now in June
Q3 Nothing, not really on our radar. Maybe I'll just mention it on our Facebook account.
MT : No, don't explain how [humanities data is different]. Show me how ;)
ha right ?
Still chillin on that cinco de mayo
Glad I could be of help on more than one front. Which story was it?
Thanks for the RT, !
When we get to , bitches better get down! "Everybody Wants Sum" when we get doooowwn thurrr!
I LOVE YOU!!!!!! You are so sweet and yes, it rocked! Can't wait to tell you all about it :) xoxo
#whyidonthavegayfriends I like going out in public w/o turning heads or people automatically knowing I'm gay cuz I'm with some rue Paul wana
awww thanks, man! I meant to do that but I'm all energy-depleted from the workout
kiss Your Kids,make E'm Smile make Great memories, Not Long time Regrets!!! www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Ministry for the Abused
How to create educational opportunities throughout the lifespan?
See? van Riemsdyk gets it. why cant everyone else? RT If there's a sporting event better than playoff hockey I've yet to see it!
I love a thick juicy body in bright colored leggings...ah!!!
ISS Orlando on February 19, 20, 21 Hope to see you there!
that's the kind of thing I listen to when I'm feeling blue
Down by the bay where the watermelons grow.
going to have lunch with 's stephanie lecci- Milwaukee's Terry Gross.
it's okay! :) I've been busy with party preparations. My sweet sixteen is this Friday!!!
*laughs, pinches nose*s'ok. Im gonna get some fresh air...
Hey, hey. Easy on the gunshots and rap. They were probably more scared of you. At least scrapple was plentiful.
THIS is the Obama I voted for
BIG AB for Avery in his first game
Gonna stop quoting The Hangover now....
It is of the outmost importance to have a strict money management system in place
Cashed out on my fam today felt great. Summer is gonna be so dope and carefree.
Thank's for the follow!
Yeah ha, I was just in town for 4h's short stay.
BGen Andre Sayles "I stayed with the Army for one reason: to help our #veterans." veterans hiring forum.
I love you! Please follow me! #Alexismysuperhero #AconForever #AconFever :D U smile, I smile :)
Website live!
Hi Steve! Thanks for the follow!
Shout out to . i really enjoyed point this weekend.
Until you've walked in someones shoes and know exactly what they've gone through how can you judge them?
#NP smile back by
As soon as you feel comfortable, that's when it's time to start over." Jerry Weintraub
welcome to Twitter! Love how you acronym is "ARRR!"
Mike will be moving back to #Pittsburgh so expect more baseball, football and hockey pics and tweets over the next few days weeks and months
32 covers this will be a long night !
#WFUD12 Chuang: courts and other policymakers have not sufficiently drawn the lines of fair use.
God I wanna dance
Doing my thing! :)
I never told you how proud I was that you somehow included 5ive and OTown (and left out BSB) in your "boyband" DrawSomething.
Thx 4 RT! LQ stands for #Lapham's Quarterly the most exclusive journal, featuring the greatest minds ever lived! Recommend.
Q3. What shall be the Royal Theme Song of your kingdom?
they add liquid detergent to the beer
Q2. What beauty trends are you looking forward to trying for spring?
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
#21CRadio A4 I like the immediacy of getting news from artists on SM, but also expect it to be more promotional so like other sources, too.
It's about Greatest common factors! I don't understand =L
Agreed! Some dishes better than others, but overall tasty & fun! Def. need a big group.
i'm leaving hawaii dec.4 then i arrive in LA baby! then were gonna do an across the states drive from cali to kansas.............Winning!
Hey RaRa, my bad - totally didn't see your tweet last night, hope da party was bumpin'
Pole day Saturday?
Perfect, , see you there!
r u. on line..call me
She dreamed of Paradise.
Be sure to also watch today's show because is here to perform! You don't want to miss this...
Happy endings? Now I know.
There's a location in Waco coming soon! Follow for updates on new locations.
haha hate to dissappoint my fans(;
Welcome to the home of #SB46! RT : Rain-freezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
I'LL GET ON RIGHT NOW FOR YOU BABY GIRL!
#LT *sound system
New Darious Rucker cd is quite good. Can't believe I'm starting to listen to country...but (shh) I like it!
: Would you mind sending your contact information to ? Our IT team needs more info in order to troubleshoot...
headline: Bengals 28 Ravens 21, Texans now on the menu for some hungry tigers!
Damn this OKC and Dallas game is a dunk show!!!
I love your show so I'm changing my icon to you guys!!!!
Number 1 thing people do on their mobile device? Personal email.
OH...and I'm also addicted to Pinterest now, if you couldn't tell. ;)
Thanks for RTing the Meg Murry article the other day!
#Oscars fun fact RT : James Franco and Anne Hathaway are the first male/female #Oscars Hosting duo to share the same stage
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
Craziest Best Dream Ever ... #Weird .. (:
Good afternoon ! 😊RT : #nf good morning
awesome my wifi isn't going well so it's probably best. :)
“: #ToMyFutureHusband Bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.”
Lately i have just been a complete screw up i have basically had bad karma since me and my friend had been arguing
I've been thinking about forever. Have you?
Thank you
You may be that one person to keep the victim from removing themselves from this world forever. <3
my boy Aaron said he'd drive down from Pittsburgh once a week to practice with us and play bass..
Still 109 Golden #AEDs out there worth $50 per AED...beautiful day to search for AEDs in the city!
Love you too big headRT : I love you Bae
Your values come from deep inside you. Spend the time necessary to discover them. Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
i read MAndy's tweet as 'lie in a hot batch and have chili'...
YES! As am I! Too excited to see it!!!!! What day are you going? I'm going Saturday
Watched some you tube videos. Awesome stuff! Are You going to do a show in Boston anytime?
Totes. Please. Profile pic looks like a close-up of a GI Joe doll.
well idk yeah some people 'like' those bands for those reasons... I didn't even know what kellin looked like when I first
Ladies you know a secret? - Your man will move the world for you if you love him and support him and cheer for him. But he won't do nothing
the drug that goes by "Meow Meow" cracks me up. Who's tried it?
Can ANYONE explain #Syfy Battlestar galatica to me? I watched it as a kid, but this 1 makes no sense 2 me.
Thanks to for hosting a district 21 candidate forum. Too bad was in the district but declined to attend.
Damn. They figured it out.
Are you attending May's Social Media Breakfast? We have the proud honor of being the facility and food sponsor
So When are you coming back to Texas.?????
Nothing better than a #Wisconsin steak at Tornado Room
It was a struggle trying to study for a final in the middle of perfect spring weather. But I'm about to shed my winter coat and this class.
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
Carlos I have instructions you can follow. What is your email! Good luck with your class!!!
can you change it to a unc logo after they win without marshall?
Awesome, thanks so much for coming!
I'm bored:/
Happy Mommy's Day to the best mommy in the world! Lol(;
just a stressful day! :/ feeling Better though
RT : #overthesummer im doing speed and strength and sand volleyball
it's going to double ot.
#1 Reason why im better than everyone: IM ASIAN XD
1day down of the #super bowl madness ...9 more. to go
River North has a lot of great restaurant destinations. We had a great experience at What are your favorites in the area?
There are about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet
#PrettyLittleLiars comes back in exactly a month! yay!
So 2day is our final… i didnt know… ugh! Ill pass tho so hey!
casting models for Saturday !!! hit me up please!!!
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now.. Jealousy is so not cute!
Haha ! Oh heck no ! Back off ! I will meet on June 30 && you're just jealous of my sensitive amazing babe ! <333
Thanks for replying, Patrick! We're currently not there. We were just at CCSC 2012! We will be at NCCE show next.
this is true...I shall try to come - now I'm merely 2hrs away!
I'd be more inclined to use #spotify at work if I didn't have to worry about a pic of Rhianna licking her lips every time I logged in.
so what's the new for 2012? ;-)
just saw your from ohio but if you know ANYONE in TX that likes chiodos oh sleeper or attack attack let them know we have tix
We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies. Roderick Thorp
Daley: "pretty obvious" that hopeful expectations for stronger economy this year and next are not going to be fulfilled.
no I do not have a Oovoo and thanks also why did connor stop making vids? <\Slope/>
Somebody's at the door.. MAAAH I DON'T WANNA GET IT!
lol I know :P haha :D
If anything, we museums have turned you in to beggars. You should expect MUCH more from us in all platforms.
Well look at that - my birthday is this week! How am I just now realizing this?
The little brook under my road is usually 18 inches wide, 2 or 3 feet in a tstorm—now 50 feet wide and roaring.
#4famouswords I love One Direction
hey! I dm'ed you something :)
Attn: : Looks like there's gonna be data... MT : GAB votes to create searchable database of recall signatures.
I'm sure it'll be awesome. And anyway, they're all special episodes. The ones with me in them just happen to be super :)
omg that's awesome!!!
my twitter is poop!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has M. Mead
bad girls club
My #FAMILY is
Thanks again to & for having us! And, as always, a huge thank you to our awesome manager for everything!
LMFO is absolutely horrible. Can't listen to its crap brand of crap music. Sorry, kids. :)
best thing is probably to create a new list, and then go to your following list and add everyone in class to that list
Real talk.. ill find something
Late night Press , press , press!! ... #Variety #TheHollywoodReporter + more
So I've been playing iPhone games, eating candy, and thinking of ways to spend my check ... For the last 3 days
where and whenn
yes very cool - are you going to see him?
Watching South Beach Tow!
Tomorrow will be my very first ride aboard one of your vessels! I can't wait!
Sorry for the novel, I have all the feels. How are your kitties? Joss and.... what was the other new kitten's name?
hi can u follow me? plz
Saw it last night at the #Starlight6 in #ATL. Nick: "I was drag racing." Detective: "In a Prius?" Nick: "I don't win a lot."
Ken Blackwell: Israel&#39;s Gathering Storm - The Huffington Post
Share some of your followers big homie.
Blownn Off My Ass.!!!
It is indeed a jockstrap... ;) Sorry there is no picture of the back.
Catch tonight on !
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
Happy Holidays from our family to yours! Have a fantastic holiday!
I go back & forth between feeling sorry for him and intensely disliking him. RT : *sad trombone* for Pete
deffintaely, you have to i can even send you links to different venues
Thank you! Would love to hear more about how you came across that amazing image! And possibilities of collaborating?
Shut Up And Love Me <3333
Ha! RT Ozzie Guillen returns to coach the Marlins tonight, on the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs. Ops.
Possibly. What's the catch?
It blows my mind when people use "your" as "you're" AND as "your" in the same sentence. Like, did it even faze you?
RT its a movie/oh wow, I got to get out. Lol! I've seen ppl referring 2 it like a club or some sort
If "inhibited" from travel, you must prove you aren't a threat. But how, when they won't say why they suspect you?
Sure! Keep up the good messages! :)
Not sure when we will release full track list, but Neal will be leaking some hints.
I was thinking the same thing!
and Suh won't because he's a douche bag
Memphis defeats Tennessee in double OT 99-97.
thanks for sharing Brian! Hope it helped get ya in the Christmas spirit!:)
"If we fail this time, it will be a failure of imagination"
Just read WSJ on #selfdirectedira custodians being sued for improper due diligence on investment providers. To bad.
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
Is so #sick of #people. Cereal Bowles
Happy Birthday! <3 Save some of your bday money so we can go to Cotton On with !
Boarding This Next Flight To VA... #JetLife ✈✌
"Don't go, I need you In my life", LOL, just joking, close the door on your way out bitch.
RT : NICE! - did a great job with it today, he was so close.
“: And the #GWU kid loses Jeopardy at the last second. Just like our basketball team!”
Dad just got scammed into paying fora PDF version of the Dallas newspaper. Here's to the death of print.
Seems cute but sinister: Wouldn't want to have him next to me at 3 am. Good luck!
hm maybe playing with your car or some games will do the trick to get your mind off things! /hug
I miss my girlfriend.
Up moving a little. Hailey Anne had A rough night but MUCH better thus morning .
It's not really a plank, more like a lay down :)
It turned out to be a sunny day! First Thursday is hoppin' down below!
Fantastic! I shall raise a glass in celebration of her while here!
Thanks for correcting the spelling Arin. :) “: Oestreich* RT : Ostrich if you see this you're the best !”
haven't talked to you in a while . how's life.? lol
: - happy birthday! Love you!
just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also
Every once in a while u have that one afternoon nap that is a little glimpse of heaven....
NP I follow you. Follow me back?
Semantics: they don't need a fresh perspective; they need a user's perspective. :)
What's up #PianoMan. I'm working on the changes for "April in Paris". Any tips?
I am a very loyal person.
That awkward moment when the person you're talking bad about walks through the door..
Great review. Even my CEO could understand this! :)
That choir always rejuvenates me.... but why don't people ever text me back? You know who you are.
mm I like how you sip you're juice . Oh you also have nice lips, Not the ones in your face(;
Thanks, Stefan! We always want users to have a great experience, so we're happy to hear that you find the documentation helpful.
I would never Unfollow you Nicholas!
your welcome Follow back!
The Jackrabbits are back! Tune in to Current TV tonight at 9PM ET for an all new #4thandForever!
Monitor to hear what ppl are saying about yr brand, benchmark similar comps & set objective on what you want to achieve
Caption Contest: California&#39;s First Dog Hits the Road - Wayne ...
How High, Pineapple Express, and Friday are the dopest movies for stoners.
I hate Thursdays.
my husband & I saw this when we were there this past March for our 1yr anniversary, great exhibit
The courage of my colleague is truly inspiring.
All natural body butter - Shea, mango, cocoa butter, with jojoba, aloe vera, coconut, and vitamin e oil - 4 oz. - $23
Power 14 Voodoo 14 at Half. Power were down 14-0 and have come back to tie it up! LETS GO POWER!
Eating electrolyte stew topped with chopped turkey and guacamole.
Have a great weekend Colorado!!!!
are here? I just bought their book.
About to go mountain biking with coworkers. Haven't done this since middle school ... wish me luck!!
Just checking, has anyone else been getting crappy service from T-Mobile?
This weather is absolutely perfect for a bonfire
Landed in Chicago! And instantly I want potato skins and a beer, what is it with the midwest?
NICE! Thanks!
Whats wrong with my boo?RT : thank you on the verge of collapse.
Gotcha. My bad.
Thanks for the RT Matt!
what a privilege that America can embrace freedom no matter what we believe and our God is unchanging in His greatness and love.
I just want to go to sleep with you. No sex. Just you and I, the sheets, kisses, and sleep.
How long after Bryce gets called up can I expect a visit from you?
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family- I am one of 5000+ ANGRY people who want
So stoked!!! Go Cleveland!!
#comm_college faculty convened for #scalinginnovation meeting say students struggle with vocabulary
Sustainability and even environmentalism is NOT an attack on prosperity and free markets. In fact, quite the opposite.
I would slap a Minnie's Bumper sticker on my___________!
On my way home, glad i got away when i did... :-)
will you please follow me? I'm from Dallas too (:
just listened to your track "Good Girl Gone" on an old NYC comp CD I have. Awesome!!!
I'm pretty sure if you kill the Bogeyman then every pedofile in the world dies.
were y'all going? How long?
“: 20 year old tea party members and geriatric rappers #mifflin2012” <<-- Wow. Sorry I'm missing this to write a paper.
aw shucks! RT : #FF , awesome people I got to work w/ 4+ years, tweeting awesome news from the #AmericanU community
There's nothing I hate more than when the bottom of my jeans getting damp from the rain.
Yippee! Resume updated -- might need a cookie to celebrate!
Is it time to mourn actual Capri length pants? :-( its all ankle, ankle, ankle. They look so weird and gross on skinny long legged ppl
Pinning delicious #studyabroad breakfasts. What's yours? ;)
You can find work w/o exp. in Asia and Latin America. You could also volunteer at home or do an internship.
that's awesome! I just noticed this. "hey, you're working with a professional here!"
RT What's your best way to get past a plateau in your gains? Share your secrets :-)
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything.. -_-
I am SO thankful for my fun farewell happy hour at La Sandia last night! Awesome turnout and 4+ hours of socializing! :)
#10FactsAboutMe I don't like ordering for myself no matter where I go. It stresses me out to no end. & Idk why.
LOL stop. Her peak was so long ago, let's be real.
1 More to get to 250..
are you a demi fan? read this blog by a fan about being strong &getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
Tip #98: Listen to commentary, read poker blogs, and most importantly...ask a great player/coach if they would take you under their wing.
Too hard... for the fucking radio..." Tell me something good"... Im too hard... for the fucking radio.
I possibly could
haha hopefully you'll spot him again. seriously look him up in the MadTV skits. He is really good
Your not cool! Stop trying to act like a badass on twitter!
went inside jamba juice and heard Annie You Save Me playing in the bg jamming with my smoothie 🎶
Monday already!?!? This weekend FLEW by!!
Pretty sure its almost that time for some grub, 2 And a Half Men dvd and some sleep!
Two weeks until the kickoff event! Make sure to sign up today!
I have lost myself trying to find you
Last night to get $20 tickets for Mother's Day Event 5/10/12 Tickets! Only $25 at door. Don't miss it!
gotta love that
poor kid, he needs to get some more short track time. He'll figure it out one of these days.
i like
What is availability looking like, hasn't been much change on the store site. Hopefully those that want print are able to grab print!
I tell em meet me in the bathroom. Hold Up! Better yet my bedroom
So, that definitely sounds like thunder over If there's lightning you know Thor's coming.
QB Vince Young to work out for Buffalo Bills
i use to have an envelope maker/pattern too
RT : Day 2 of Global Youth Traffic Safety Month. 2 things to keep teens safe: buckle up & put the phone away!
I'm in the movies now watching
I'm filling in for Tony in the traffic center tomorrow on Good Day Oregon, getting you through your morning commute. See you then!
Stand up to the MAN! Yeah! That's what I say! Great job. Our guys still share the same hard-driving metal aesthetic, I see.
thanks for clearing that up for me it saved me alot of heartache trying to find a new word for thrice i have a very limited vocab
Groups of reform-minded teachers are cropping up all over the country - but individ teacher voices are heard now more than ever.
DM we are injecting social media into our business launch. This makes me wonder if we should speak. Please DM if interested.
hey give me a call
when you coming?
Sorry. Didn't mean to sound bossy. :) You guys have a great site.
Thank you Curtis
n yess most defintly invited to my shower lol
it's just you, or at least I disagree! I love having way more pb :)
p.s. I didn't recognize you until watching the vid's but we've met at the Spider. I'm
just ask them: "Y U NO NAMESPACE?"
Thanks! I'm glad you like the music!
Singing auditions went well. Now just for dance tomorrow. (:
Yes, repeatedly!
I'm not sure to be honest. Worth looking into, though. My guess is smaller school have more flexibility.
RT We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are. Calvin and Hobbes
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Teddy Smith
#DC plumber just told me he would never drink the city's tap water. Blech.
Hope everyone's ok....we had some crazy storms down here in Georgia yesterday....freaked me out!!!!!!
I TOLD them....magenta is betta. Duh
need to know more.
did u really call someone with the handle the Stalin of EAD revolution? Sasha Berkman just rolled over in grave.
he wrote the funniest memoir though, check it out
I don't care who you guys already have in mind for your 1st pick but it needs to be LaMichael James, he is a dual and deadly threat
NEVER YOU STOP THAT
ugh!!! Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!! Hah
Corned beef n cabbage day
Getting ready to head down from Mequon for some burgers.
Everything is always complicated.
Lonely.n....rs i cant deal at all
That makes sense . . . and sounds easier to keep on your head while running. (Plus, I'm sure it enhances your toughness.) :)
BibleFax: Paul wrote 20 yrs after the death of Jesus. The earliest gospel was written down 40 years after. No eyewitness accounts!
That mistake I Promise I will NEVER MAKE AGAIN!!!
lol @ my life.
We just saw you on TV. As Jay put it: "He's just double-fisting with cameras!"
"I have this theory..." looks great, man. That your wordpress skillz at work?
hahaha hell yea! If u call ask for mike jones!
#IndieMusic MP3: Pagiins – “What’s the Point?”
no problem! :)
RT:sophia Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. // LOL
Yes indeed, happy pub date!
uh oh! Also don't tell them Jesus gave food and healthcare to poor people FOR FREE whether they had jobs or not.
So excited to see you guys in IL on Feb 2nd!! Gonna be my first time seeing you guys live!! So excited!!
I know I should go to sleep, but it's just so great to not be at work or at rehearsal for the play...
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Good morning ppls crazy ass weather, but im thankful for another day :-)
got it. thx. hope we'll all be kept in the loop as research moves along. we've got cases to make as budgets are cut /
he's big into draft etc... grain of salt . It's cool
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
thanks for comin last night!
Todd Haynes MILDRED PIERCE is getting weak reviews but an absolute must see tomorrow night on HBO. The great orig is on TCM tonite at 8pm.
Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson
If you all see RT from us of things has tweeted...please now we agree 100% w/ the statement! PR it ain't for everybody!!
Sure, you can email me at
Titanic pulled up anchor about an hour ago and we are currently headed to NY! Should be fun!
Maui Mall is getting ready for the Maui Okinawan Festival on Saturday, June 25. It all starts at 10 a.m. Food, crafts, and entertainment!
I wish Jacksonville had a B. Merrill's
we outside
They yell at you for not moving on fast enough, and when you need them theyre not really there, so your still stuck moving on.
Give us a follow. I want to DM you some details of a radio promo we are doing in Louisville. Thanks!
Your more than welcome to, just come through the back gate...
Is something wrong with the U.S. economy? I just bought your 10 million dollar house for $50 bucks.
44 degrees and overcast outside... Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a movie to me.
u telegraph ur moves
Great radio interview tonight. Shows a lot of class the way you're handling this injury and staying involved.
I LOVE IT! ♥ i go to watch wizards of waverly place at 17:20 :)
“My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life.” Miles Davis
UNC Ash just got hosed. Wow. Terrible call
you are now followed.. lol
I think that's no different from K-12,many use it b/c it provides simple framework for an online presence.
same to you--thanks for the great conversations.
I was at #yalsateentech yesterday! Hope your chat went well...it took me 3 hours to get home from southern MD.
she knows I want and need time. The trust I had to her may wont get back like it used to ..
Reach up in the atmosphere right now and grab what you need from the LORD!
#Columbus #hiring part-time seasonal call center jobs in Worthington. One month contract - details?
i love you
School's out! goodbye TRMS hello HHS. I miss my friends so much :'(
OH- "Anyone wanna get weird and play Mario Kart?"
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
If I win #MegaMillions, I'm buying a car elevator.
not at all!! I understand wanting to get out of there!:)
what did i tell you ;D GOD I LOVE YOU!
& tend to be 'defensive teachers' RT : Non-tenure track faculty attend A LOT more dev events than tenure-track
I don't get it either, can't stand her.
I hope these two don't think they're doing me a favor by talking about we up here studying for my benefit
Service industry workers can drink cheap and local every Tuesday.
Some people you meet in life should come with a warning label.
Sounds like an interesting new take on internet searching! I'll be adding myself to the invite list shortly.
- Hoss, were you ever teammates with Iron Joe McGinnity?
Intrigued by the assumption that what is being taught is what is being learned. Learning is ambiguous even if teaching isn't.
I back out and back out then click clat POW POW
I wonder what the singularity will be like. Will we lose all connection to our bodies? Or will it be like constant blow jobs?
Bad news?... straight up! I'm with you... Just rip the bandaid off and get it over with! :o)))))
think he might be a Sheffield united fan (certainly leaked a few against your boys)
Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. FOOD!! Can you tell I like food?
No Satchel, Shawn Smith and very little Brad.
civil war reenactors
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
..working on electro dance music....oh yeah...
I'm not. Just a little. Lol
Dear Aramis...u r not playing for Scrubs. Two outs come before three!
same haha text me
I love these office reruns
It's good to be luggage.
"Kidnapping" is such a strong word. I like to think of it as "Surprise Adoption".
My dad came home with ice cream but I couldn't eat it what is wrong with me
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
Today I planned trips to #Portland, Hunt Valley, #Harrisburg, and #Hoboken. This will be a good year to meet folks and learn new ideas.
so much fun tho!
so where u from
If i make it thru this hour nd 15 mins with no parking ticket ill be very happy.. great thing is i can watch my car from my classroom window
4 Letter Word ~ L.O.V.E
Kill them with kindness
Ira will be on WGN Chicago at 11:30 talking about Voices of the Future, tune in!
I c ur future. Lesbian Prostitute. And u have a record of going to jail. :). Im good at this game. Go get a fucKin life
Thanks dewd. Appreciate it.
Thank you Rebuilding Together and Gilead Sciences for your #Service project at Spruce School in South San Francisco today! You inspire.
my besties did it! NOW ORDER ORDER ORDER!
how I remember the great birthday food at TP (Holiday team)
Seriously. Stop adding me to Lyme Disease Facebook groups. Ugh, I want no part of it. (FB)
Despite the major curve ball life's thrown me in the last few days, I'm happier in this moment, right now, than I have been in a long time.
Build, Transform, Secure, and Consume
DM Would you be open to a meeting regarding being a national digital academia spokeswoman. We are making it affordable to all.
Woke up super early! Pretty weird cuz I'm home alone haha
RT : Empowering people to soar should be at the core of every
lol thanks, next time you go there can you check what day I start
Yay! Hope you enjoy reading it. cc:
A2.write WHY it inspires you when you talk about WHAT inspires you-If you add ur POV it will be an original story!
I should prob censor myself a little more on here, but that just wouldn't be me. Never apologetic, Always kickin ass!
I think I'm bipolar...
Wishing everyone a healthy and happy holiday with family and friends!
hard-working and talented family. will definitely see the film.
Interesting idea.. Maybe have a two scores? One dictated by how people describe you and the other is that person's hard test score
MAGIC MIKE will be so very difficult to watch. BUT I WILL MUSCLE MY WAY THROUGH IT.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This actress stars as the evil queen in an upcoming Snow White rendition. CTZLEIAOERRHHN
Thank you for all the #FF's !
Im soo ready for this game today(:
I just realized I don't think I can go a week without going to Walmart lol
Doing research this week on flipping the classroom for social studies classes. Has anyone done it?
Exactly! Who knew that even knows what golf is?
clearly they live in werner herzog's house.
ps. GET OUT OF BELLWOOD!!! That's all. Love ya'
On the way to Brazil, Indiana!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
sorry we missed it! Sounds awesome.
Normal Girls: ''Movie night with my boyfriend.'' Me: "Watching my boyfriend's videos on YouTube."
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
So glad to see the people of #Greece shunning Golden Dawn. Just say no to Nazis!
You don't need to go on a stupid diet to get thin
They are giving ABDC6 justin bieber crying
Yay! I'll see you in Dallas! RT Dallas for the weekend!!!
RT : Worrying simplification of marxist feminism by Span @
yes of course!
I Cant Deal With Fakers
#smbmad she is inspiring. we agree!
please do! I'm lost lol smh
Happy New Year!
All acting is pretending not to pretend.
On the phone with my amazing boyfriend Jarett <3
Follow & RT for your chance to win a VIP table TONIGHT at the newest hotspot! Hosted by !!
check yourself before you wreck yourself.
The weather is so off today
August 30th is the deadline for Artist & Venue matching.The venue list is available at www.ghartwalk.com
Mom, I'm bored, what should I do? "Clean your room." Nevermind..
When we put the focus on overcoming our own sin,we have a lot less time to focus on the faults of others
The first 5 people to show our bartender Dan a photo of themselves at Ward's Irish Fest booth gets a FREE shots of Jameson!
Isn't he great? I wondered why dinner wasn't waiting for me when I got home. Thanks a lot!
When are your spring quarter classes/seminars and where do you host them?
You've been here in this state long enough to get used to these roads.
.. I changed this pic like a week and a half/ 2 weeks ago. Your behind brah
TREE INFO- Now is the time for bronze birch borer control. If you have birch trees look up "bronze birch borer'. They're pretty bad!
“: Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players....”
Seeking for Custodian in the Tampa Bay area
Nazr Muhammed, who tweeted that he has a 50" in the living room, but they were in the kitchen for the food. Lol
On Wisconsin indeed! Let me know if you post the haikus anywhere on the Web and I'll link them from BadgerHaiku.com. Tnx!
hey check your twitter messages now..
I Love You muawh *blows a kiss*
Cal Tjader's lesser-known follow up album?
Na its a preview for the new one
physically molly whoppin, triggers probably poppin.
Wrong. Brust received a special exemption due to a coaching change at IA. BT rules prevent transfer w/in conf.
Bethesda Catering Open House at 930AM - Get your favorite hoagie and a cold Puck's to watch some Puck later!
yu from nashville ???
Initial plot premise that was moved away from rather earlier, revisited in Modern Warfare only to transition from it.
I'm in Palo Alto on advanced training 4 our software & giving our team an overview of the integration with advanced #analytics & predictive
I'm Falling Asleep
“: Great meeting you in DC last week! See you at #SHRM2012?” yes can't wait for
#goodmorning to my Shaun :) good talk last night! Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:)
Not that I'm aware of, but we adopted Google apps for our email and whatnot.
thanks for sharing that with me. That will really help me with my project.
All i feen izza queen in my PRESENCE
Never been happier to see Brodeur win a hockey game.
Good Morning Good Morning to you!
I have many abilities, but literal rainmaking is not among them.
O______O RT : That's interesting. This year's Pulitzer Prize in fiction: NO AWARD.
My Q: Wondering how much prefrontal cortex should physicians who tweet have? My A: Just enough.
now Giuliani concerto and Bach Ciaccona for Bethlehem Bach Fest: wild cadenzas for Giuliani: use Db major and Bbminor in 2 cadenzas Movt I
Welcome to February! How did January 2011 treat you?
I don't get it. At all.
at least we dont have to play him twice this year...
that's cool with me
Wish I couldd just go
Thanks for posting the CDL link so I wouldn't have to find it myself!
Hey Reed, Are you going to watch Ringer?
Got lunked doing calves, neck, and forearms at pf today with
Let your soul/ be your body
i hope you all do move here i miss my big brothers lol
baking brownies...because it's monday :)
Work like you don’t need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Soul Searching!
TY! A very big star is reading right now to possibly direct the film. Fingers, toes and eyes crossed.
Wish i culd join that sounds relaxing //RT : Its a nice day so imma take a nap in the backyard.
I feel like I could fall asleep, but when I try my body fights to stay awake. Is this what being in limbo feels like?
god mod
Sunday, May 23 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Jim Dreaver | Author, Speaker | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
This is not good: Wednesday Nov 2nd, 2011 8:41 PM : Two #OccupyOakland protesters hit by car, possibly on purpose. One has reportedly died.
Manus in Mano => Hand in hand
RT I can respect yu more if yu juss be real! that otha shit is for the birds!
Its Work Monday & Tuesday . Make sure to tune in ABC at 8 & Vote for William Levy on Dancing with the Stars . ......Soon to see him :)
It's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either...not trippin.
On the way to deerfield beach
I hate getting hit on. It makes me feel so fucking gross.
Tron 3D...in the man cave...FTW!
#FF lunch goers: Nice mtg/ seeing you all & thx Sunny for hosting
I don't call out assholes on twitter often, but this deserves it. “: Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?”
Honestly I didn't eat that much but I am #SuperBowl #stuffed. #racquetball tomorrow.
oh shit that's tomorrow?
You just want me cause i'm next .
: today's Fantasy Focus was comedy gold good work
Using my nervous energy to good use, my apartment will never be cleaner
. RT In honor of Sendak,If you cld have one children's book illustration or page signed/framed, what would it be?
hey man i really like your stuff..id like 2 chat with you about working together email me
Thanks! I just got to functional this morning.
So your for sure comin home???
Wow. RIP Whitney Houston. Such a tragic loss of such an amazing talent. Sad.
Research proposal. Done.
"Under my plan, if you like the dog you have - you can eat him."
So, um, my mother has volunteered me to design a website for a community garden that's just starting out.
In my eyes, Ryan Braun is about as innocent as Mark Chmura was. That said, go Brewers.
When you're hot you're hot... and when you're not you're not. That's the definition of.... Hollywood. =)
What are you up to these days? Ever hire overseas outsourcees? I'm looking for a solid article and content writer/rewriter.
these people man is just puttin that extra drive in myself that I need!!!
Cozette says "Don't forget to #tweet what #book you're #reading today for #fridayreads!" Meow!
haha that's funny
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you. About time, the world needs to hear your voice!
yeah & tea afterr:) x
Woo! Have a great day! > “: Wishing luck on his first day at a new job! #welcomehome”
Omg hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You're so perfect stevie lol
The things you hate about yourself are usually the things other people wish they had.
is attending the ABA webinar Deconstructing US v. Stevens. Crush video filmmakers and watchers are so sick.
Seriously tho, excited to put out some quality tunes.
Big year for Hart Crane. Inducted into the NYS Writers Hall of Fame on June 5th & celebrated by James Franco in film, The Broken Tower
Thank you for quoting me. If you get a chance check out my video on starch at www.yestocookies.com home page.
Happy Birthday to may God bless you to live and see more and I wish you many blessings on your day big sister loves you
What #Milwaukee area #nonprofits and #charities do you support? We're always on the lookout for great causes so let us know who ur favs are!
Who's planning on doing some Spring Cleaning this weekend?
done your turn :)
"Dog Bites"...they're on the White House hors d'ouvres menu. Served with arugula aoli.
practice makes perfect. Put that song on repeat and get crunk.
I will fuck a bitch up over my mama fucking family or night I dnt give 2 fucks she had me nt u hoe
Word. RT : Just a heads up: A trans woman isn't 'becoming a woman'. She's a woman already. Huge support for
great Christmas spirit by giving those tickets, glad u stayed with GB, cant wait to see u on field next year, CLASS ACT
I have a bottle of miracle spray from Terminix. Think I went overboard - used it all in one go!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  43
how come i dont see ass clown on the bench? Or is he and i just cant see him.
Why am I here
if our catalog died the whole consortium would go down...*shudder*
"God knows what you've been doing, everything you've been doing. You may fool me, but you can't fool God!" - The Great Gatsby,
PB&J, Stuffed Green Peppers, French Toast, Rectangle Pizza, & Tater tots are some of #MyFavoriteFoods What about you?
I saw a dead fish on the road when I went running
May the fourth be with you. Droids would make excellent technical cofounders, right?
It would be a heck of a lot more interesting than what is out there right now.
": #Gemini never listens to when their body says enough is enough. Therefore, they fuck all night long." Stop spying on me :0
good day, mate(:
Reed made Sveum look like a genius with that PH.
Thanks , the new colors represent #YouthDevelopment, #HealthyLiving and #SocialResponsibility!
Statistics is starting to get worse. I'm 98% confident that I hate stats.
I just scratched my cats belly and I think I accidently took off one of his nipples
DYK? Violette Anderson- 1st Woman of color to practice law before the US Supreme court is a member of Z PHI B ..
well thanks! preciate you swingin by :)
Twitter Townhall in a few minutes with
AAAAHHHHH!!!! Got the new seventeen with the section of !!!!! I'm so excited!!!!! I need more thumb ravks for my wall
creepy dude
I bet! I have plans tonight already or I would.. have fun :)
well u know I'm all blues and we hate united. Nice FA title title yesterday huh? Next up champions league.
you're special. (:
true. just watch though the #Devils do the same thing later in the series and get called for a penalty
Romney victim of bullying for being forced to explain his vicious assault on suspected gay kid.
are you booked for anything Friday September 30?
It's hotter than a hoochie's coochie!
Creatives aren't meant to be together. We sit on the edge of mental stability and ineptitude to make things that ppl enjoy.
RT : CW Head asking for minimum design standards for housing citywide so we can "refuse trailers without wheels."
That was just perfect! You did great, on #BieberOnTheVoice <33
No doubt! Thanks for being an integral part of
Yes, we WILL still be having our typical Wednesday Night Party Night tonight at the White House. The schedule has not changed
that awesome moment when retweets you & follows you when you don't expect it. #mademyday <21
ive been listening to for days now, along with and ....i love my playlist lol
so do you have a bf lol
I need to hurry up and get off work before I beat this kid ass
Over half the family sick with sinus issues and on meds. Hopefully we all get feeling better soon.
lol no prob! Just wanted to check in! That reminds me, I need to hand over my life to .. ermm .. someone? lol
Ending spring break with an exciting match of #cricket, India's victory over Pakistan & Kohli's brilliant performance!
I ask her if we can go buy some food and she tells me know. Then she gets mad at me when I make the simplest of things in large quantities
Thanks for the recent follows!
History will be made!
I think we're at capacity!!! Remember, we're looking for another theatre space for June. Let us know if you have connections
I liked that performance.
Me and just might have compared our friends to old social networks. Hint
me too! Me too!
lottery or plane tickets?
Brew Crew couldn't get it done tonight, but I'll be in the house to watch em win it on Friday!
Way too much mascara and way too much glitter nail polish. Plus a bow on my head. Ready to do Busan right.
Florida weather is nicer and I am working on my tan
@ jimmyblake Those murlocs are nothing but trouble!!!
our student group is trying to change our education system....thanx for coming to speak to us about your work!
I was very glad to finally see her perform in person! And such a nice gal too.
it's super fantastic now that you're a part of it, my sweet angel rebeka. and how was your day, dear?
#bowermanmile #preclassic let's go make #us proud!!!
Hi, Shannon! TFF!
Lmao RT : Why would the news lady ask the glr waiting for THE BUS about a parking ticket????????!!!!!
'Bout time to call it a night | Catch us next time | 11-7 Weds-Sat & 11-5 Sundays. Community members doing for themselves, keeping it local.
I'm proud of all my lil niggas that kept they head on skraight and bout to graduate y'all kno who y'all are, love y'all niggas no homo
Wow. Reminds me of Bob Horner with #Braves, in mid-80s RT : Josh Hamilton with the 14th four-homer game in MLB history.
very well thanks!!
Thanx, Broadview, for once again providing crappy broadband service. No phone no internet!
The value of ABA is that learners do things that they currently arent. Once they do and have a positive experience they will more often.
Wonder if will take gold in
AceHood yummy I mean really
very but I hate heights so I'm missing half the fun
I don't know what's worse, that I can hear my neighbor having sex with her bf or that it consistently seems to stop after 1 min
thanks Lee!
OMG HII :D ,sup?
Starting up some research for LeaderLabyrinth: What does the concept of "mindfulness" mean for you? How do you define/think...
I feel sick forreal.
can't wait for the auto-tuned version.
off to Paris for a a 1-day meeting of the Forum d'Avignon Board
I got the best compliment the other day. Someone said I had a "proper" New York accent.
follow NOW
We just confirmed our first gig since May and our first gig with new our frontman! December 10th, Paradise Skatepark, Merritt Island!!!
i know. i hope it will be a better show but you never know what to expect with Anton. at least i saw a few of the good ones!
Darn it!! No more on #CupcakeWars. Time to change the channel.
for game strategy? Throw together at one person...
- underwater love
love you to 💘
is lunching with Mumsie.
Remember - you can choose either 20% off your whole order (Code: FABFEB) or free shipping (FABFREESHIP) now thruw Feb 28th!
thanks. I'll give them a try.
#Cincinnati is who we thought they are!
#Gators win ALC Championship. Congrats from the #GatorNation!
really? Cos it looks bad here in West Bloomfield “: The severe thunderstorm watch for SE Michigan has expired. #miwx”
Gonna go die. K cool fuck you.
He's gonna get a triple-double tonight.
Because you have to endure Battleship first. Rules are rules.
phew what a relief!! I had a horrible attack once. I think it was gall bladder but doctors never knew for sure.
meanwhile being 2 payments behind on our mortgage cause my grandmother is expecting my parents to dig her out of the hole she has dug
when you attack a-holes, you attack my profession
Rap scallions! So that's what those oniony weeds are... I need either a goat or for Caleb to come over to harvest.
Those project are always compelling and interesting, something about a still shot that speaks so differently then film.
The fray makes me happy<3
WVU hasnt made a shoot in OT besides FT
with all the grammar nazi's out there, that is definitely surprising - maybe its the crowd you're running with? Ha!
aren't they headed to Texas too though???
Jaelle.. you know your gonna comeback. admit it.
thanks for covering the #co_ffcalendar event tonight at 's ladies get down here!
lol beat boxing in the car with >>>>>>
damn cud I eat 1st!!!! And I read it wrong my fault
awh your welcome and so are you! (:
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget about the Alumni Orientation with on Wednesday at 7:00 pm in MGC 200.
- Can you DM me or send me an email address? Wanted to keep you in the loop on Arnette & others. Craig W has my email too.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Berghoff Cafe. Terminal C - American (live updates)
Fish pedicures the weirdest feeling ever.
I just paid $25 for the worst. breakfast. ever.
The falls were so amazing. I definitely need to go back and spend a day or so.
He needa quit hanging up on me thoughh .
Let's do it! X
key problem is the materiality keeps us from seeing virtual as real. Ontological or cognitive challenge?
had a great time at rubas b-day party!!!
Be strong now , things will get better. It may be storming now, but it can't rain forever <3
Following the Prop 8 court proceedings via Twitter: &
sometimes blood ain't thicker than water...thank God for Jesus!
They sent an email about it to people with accounts on April 18th.
Heard dat from the man himself. “: Peoples. Derby party at BERNIES on saterday (sandvball + bar). Be there or be square.”
where u bm me if u still in bama X
Ohio Special Services Group - Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
no broom stick to pound on the wall? Just kidding. I'm glad this girl didn't try to volunteer at our org...
Loll i see u gusy are really nervous because of the tix :'D good luck to all of u :)
IT IS NOT BAD, mushy and taylor (covington, I can't think of their twitter names) went with us last time
Just got a delightful candy gram from OSU. It said "Thank You!!!" seven times. I love prime numbers, and they know this.
No they certainly are not. They haven't been the same since Holtz left. My question is always (cont)
Listening to Chuck Prophet "No Other Love" from soundtrack P.S. I Love You ...
Taking the residency pretty literally today. Whole Machine staff will be here in 1 hr, crammed in Director’s office.
sorry for beiong away during the last month. Schedule has been enormous, but back now and ready to go. Much love to all my peeps
“Nail polish makes nails look good; fluoride varnish helps keep teeth looking good by preventing cavities.”
Actually Wolfgang but I can't find him on the agenda.
com/builder-and-remodeler-marketing-webinar
chaneling : "Access to publicly funded research should be a human right"
" " haha what has the world come to?... this guy's giving a "talk".
I'm Tiredd ! Well Time To Hop Into Bed! Hopefully Twitter Doesn't Keep Me On For Another Hour(:
I'll upload it.
Jeffrey's lightning mojito - rum, soda, fresh mint, agave nectar, sugar in the raw, fresh strawberries and a packet of emergen-c raspberry!!
Created a cool GoogleMaps retailer locator in php/mysql and some practical back office functionality for a current customer.
I really need to learn to say NO!!!!!
NASA&#39;s Human Spaceflight Programs: From Space Shuttle To The Future
They should've called this the Herman Cain Self-Destruction Bowl.
We want to marry you!
called u the other day
Overcame my addiction and finally deleted words with friends. Now I can focus on more important things, like developing a meth addiction
Ken Burns new film on DB is coming in Nov , website should launch this summer
Wishing we brought #beardsoup biz cards to the Octopus Project show at tonight, crowd is looking pretty beardy!
love the new album! I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it! "Everyone left" makes the morning drive to work bearable!
is trying to figure out twitter....all the kids are doing it
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS - Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
yeah, even thinking gotta hurt with them joints.
About to hit the pool!
I wonder what Mitt Romney will have to say about MCA.
any particular field or position?
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune - Jim Rohn. Keep smiling,
loved last nights episode can t wait til a new season of #khloeandlamar starts!! love ya khlo please RETWEET!!
YES! MT : Todays union isn’t about protecting the avg worker, it’s about protecting the progressive movement in America
I feel elderly.
After about the 20th drop, It's a miracle my iPhone isn't shattered by now ☺
anything pretty much.
Always be an encourager & stay constant in sharing your magnificent gifts with others:) Some days this will be tested~~
The rain is starting! Be safe driving home everyone.
I'm willing to bet that Bama is left out. And when we do rematch those kids from YSU, you need to shoot better than 20% haha
Sorry for the late reply. We added the tots and mac & cheese a couple months ago!
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
My pleasure! I hope you find something good! :D
shocked to pull out a quarter from my purse and it is for the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS. hm, what do you think? Have you seen this
Happy #veterans day
Learning about small business taxes. I want my side hustles to be legitimate!
Can't wait for tomorrow to see Celtic Woman for the fourth time, it's going to be amazing :)
r u guys going??
I never get enough sleep 😔💤
Victory for fairness and "new day for families" seeking a better life says Catherine Lhamon of
Q&A: Annie McClanahan points out that the weight-to-space ratio for dogs in kennels is much more humane than the prison system.
that sounds about right. I'll save myself the trouble and watch some girly shows with the girl roommate. #theblazerway?
Bought some capri leggings and they aren't very capri on me!
Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark! Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!
let's both move out n live downtown. K great :)
Merry Christmas Y'all Hope everyone has a blessed Christmas with their fam Lets not forget to say a prayer for our troops to come home safe
OneDayMyWorld'llEntwine w/Greyson's,we'llHoldHandsInTheSandByTheTireSwing,we'llWait outside the lines,but I NEVER want him to unfriend me :)
dude don't delete it! How else is gonna mention u when we rock ur joints on air?!
the girl who was kidnapped and kept for 18 years
This puzzle is so hard
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
OkAy eVeRybodY i gtg hit the road so ...cya with all my luv (*)
book and super hero related roleplaying games.
There is no way kU should get a number 1 seed in the NCAA tourney in front of
Tonight KLUSOZ NIGHTCLUB THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS SOUNDS MY PARTYBOYDJZ DJ KENZO
Can't wait 2 hear about it! Bummed I'm missing out. I was planning 2 go, but class got changed to ALL DAY today!
Everyones life is precious.
Tune in tonight to 's Friday Night Flava. Got some fresh new music on my mix along with rest of 106 Mastermixers!
RT : So....this counts as Obama auditioning for "Glee", right?
The body's oil is the better oil for the hair.
Yo if Sessions is gonna be this useless then they may need the play Ebanks more.
thanks for the RT, greatly appreciated.
I am fucked. Rose wine you whore.
you didn't see it?
Not to worry! You can see if your local public library has Mango or you can purchase our downloadable product!
you can call me :)
boyfriend is going to be amazing. My friends and I are staying up so we can be awake for the release.(:
Wanna go out :(
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) EFosterJohnson, TeamCashBilz, OsloLive, HANGARdesignUSA, CutThemCoupons,
I just got 4 teeth removed.. can I get a get well? or Feel better?♥..
Your ponytail is doing a wheelie.
we need to get to join us!
It's damn near 5 in the morning and I'm up having a conversation with Siri -_- I'm THAT bored!
Long hot showers >
Thanks for the tweet...enjoy our sites
especially if it's blackened...KNOWWHATIMSAYIN!?
true but they really should have won though
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. Lao Tzu Go and grow!
RT: How'd you like to learn the secrets to creating a multiple award winning one woman show? Join R live stream April 4th @ 8 P.M. EST
Boo did I scare ya follow
