thank you!
Derek rose tore his acl its
RT if you'll do a dance for a #Cubs win today!
I've been waiting to hear Whitney's "I Will Always Love You" live on the air!! Did I miss it?
What's goin on for spring break??????
It would be so cool if covered the rampant #CJD #Prion disease in our food system.
I hate this feeling.
why is your picture ? haha.. not weird at all
I know why too many people here right now that I didn't know last year. Who the fuck are ya'll?
umm why u aint here at tgif's with us sir?
“: 2012 is going to be an awesome year" yes ma'am I'm counting on it!!!
RT : Average budget deficits under Bush: $251 billion. Under Obama: $1.3 trillion
Those who believe in causing others misery will forever live in misery. Pray for the 9/11 victims and that it never happens again.
I wanted to tell a joke about my dick but its too long to fit in 140 characters
Just took sick beat. Guy floated me oop & got there with a 6 outer..
Thank you to #FIDM for hosting the Career Connections! It was fun sharing our story with aspiring fashionista!
Blacklavender got the airconditioner on antartica today! Cause the sun is blazing!
Yes, we were wondering about SJSU Library & ILL materials. Some of us work in ILL, but didn't use for
Some days we're the angry birds being hurled at pigs. And some days we're the pigs being attacked by angry birds.
- probably time to change it up since he hasn't won in, i dont even know but it's been a while to say the least.
both are good prospects. But look at Bradford. A good year and horrible so far this year, Sam was good, proved it & it's NBD now.
The gentleman on the front of the #DeuxEx game reminds me a little bit of Jeff Goldblum.
Hi All, I'll be performing live with Kiran Ahluwalia's group on the estimable Leonard Lopate Show (WNYC) tomorrow at 12:30ish EST...
please keep us posted....should set up a little special tasting!
A very full day / some successes, some failures / all signs point to good . And for all of you out there, I bid you a fond goodnight!
And thanks to for rigging up UStream for everyone to see!
Trying to come up with an unexpected, original gift for my wife that I can buy online!
EVERYONE VOTE FOR JORDAN! GIRLS GOT SOME SMARTZ! GO VOTE! cbs.com/bigbrother GIVE JORDAN VOTE!
Wow. That's intense. I def appreciate the discipline.
Woo prom is awesome!
"But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ." [Ephesians 2:13]
I've had the best fun jumping on trampolines with my nieces! Never laughed so much!
The greatest 15 months with <3
happy birthday!(:
Looking for Piano Benches, Covers, Keyboard stands...we would be happy to order what you need.
oh i dodnt read it
is it the one in Florida or the one in Ohio?
Look out Tustin, CA, we're taking 5hundy on the road! “: DID SOMEONE SAY CHILI COOK-OFF????”
Anyone need stripes on their parking lot?
Eat the Hersheys.:D
when your gf is smart as hell fighting gets more deep and hurts more...but helps you understand each other more
Looking forward to seeing Ambassador Andrew Young & Mrs. Carolyn Young in Washington for the MLK Jr. Memorial dedication festivities.
. I didn't think I could get more jealous of all the ppl at #sxsw, but you just did it. Love the Spazmatics!
It's amazing the number of things I'm interested in buying simply because they put an orangutan in the advert. "Well, he likes that, I might
That's a perfect example. For movie, if it's 70, I am definitely going to see it. If it were 60 bucks, nope.
stop airing political adverts. Quite possibly the most deceitful messaging I have ever heard.
Why is Huntsman missing from tonight's debate on ABC? Just curious.
Buzzing in my office reminds me of Dr. Szell in Marathon Man. Speaking of Marathons, we had one here in Pittsburgh a couple of days ago.
Well ice-creams always good
I love tanning out it's so relaxing ♥
Does anybody else run an imaginary counter in their mind when filling up a water bottle from a cooler (or fountain or sink)? Is it just me?
That would be RT : Mucho props to the DJ at Smokin' Hot Aces at the Venetian for playing Breathe's "Say a Prayer"
These old ladies are obsessing over these little trees.
In order for people to be happy, sometimes they have to take risks. It's true these risks can put them in danger of being hurt. Cabot, Meg
where u at diiiide
My arm still hurts from da shot!!!!! Y does it still hurt!?
It Got Real In Bayard
Building a Faithbridge doesn’t mean u have the necessary tools 2 build it. It means u have the belief system 2 complete the assignment given
Just finishing up dinner Make sure to hit this joint - delicious, creative, unique.
thanks bro!
Always love an eye catching HAT ! RT : What Wingstop branded merchandise would you like to own?
KISS KISS BANG BANG?
Greek Week Kick-Off tonight at Rockin Rodeo. 1009 Ave C
Chatting with a location about their food allergy customers
Autistic people dont necessarily "get lonely" just bcuz we spend time by ourselves-actually we create things because we r calm
ooohh haha well idk there's a lot of thing to do on there (:
cancelled Thursday shoot at Kelly Elementary due to wx ... bummed but we'll make the most out of the day
That's yummy! RT : Yay going to go get some Starbucks & Krispy Kreme ^.^
Hey RT : hey u
Oho! Even better... (Imagine me wringing my hands like Mr. Burns.)
blowing stuff up, fuck the police!
showing your videos to my bestfriend. You're so amazing! :D
“: IM TEAM BULLS ALL DAY.. BUT FUCK ALL YALL IF YOU DONT LIKE WHAT IM SAYIN.... THIS AINT GONE DO IT FOR ss
yea and she hasn't been on fb since she said she made it so lol
Love College Basketball...
OMG. I had a crash during the Microsoft Security Tuesday patches and now I'm getting the black screen of death with wiggly cursor constantly
What voice do deaf people hear when they think to themselves cause they've never heard their voice before...?
It's May Day and I've no one to shag. Lame.
Yes I see this.. Ill b back w a new 1 soon..
Potential Bottom Line segment?
Bummer on the cold! I hope you are feeling better today!
get used to mowing their lawn. We take care of our neighbors so it doesn't get out of control. They are being foreclosed
SO READY FOR NEXT WEEKEND....NEED A BREAK FROM THE SAME ROUTINE
yes!!! I'm so proud of you!! That run this morning still got me tired.😓
Totally immersed in THE FIERY CROSS, it's great catching up with Claire & Jamie et al. Disc 8 of 47!
Did anyone see Savage U at OSU? Made me miss college! Seeing all the kids partying...good ole OSU
me too. Omfg I don't even wanna think about it... and what's your tumblr?
Finna go to warped tour this year!
#YouKnowICareWhen you got me sending those Good Morning texts 💝
Remember the day we thought we got lucky when we picked up some jewelry someone dropped? Only to find out it was all #fake gold!
Getting dressed then off to Queens :D
Im wondering if when you fat all of one thing then go to the next if that's abnormal
Loved it there. Especially County Records.
I both hate and respect you all for keeping me tagged in this boring convo
Plus we don't need any strikers. How bout other than Verm, Clichy, and Djourou a whole new back line and another Dmid. Sell cesc
do you like green tea?
When I first saw the Time magazine cover I was jealous of that kid. I wanna suck that lady's titty.
Are you guys coming to Immortal Tonight at Staples
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
Today, Al Young was diagnosed for the second time with Leukemia.
School would be 10x more better if we knew we didn't have to bring it home with us at night -.-
Madras (pronounced mud-raas) was the old English name for a city in Southern India. It's now called Chennai.
Heading home from great Board meeting Always great to serve the wonderful students of #ORU!
Commit to the lord in whatever you do, and your plans shall succeed. Proverbs 16:3
So sorry to miss meeting you and learning with you today at Region X!
Its okay I'm the limo driver
What's up? What's the q?
thank you for the kind words Based God. You're truly an inspiration to all mankind!
Shower Got Me Feeling Goodツ
Michigan 2-0 with Wisconsin coming to bat in the first inning.
I spoke about my own rape (called it one for the first time) thanks to your blog. All those people gave me strength.
To my gay friends hurting over the vote in NC: I hope Obama's words have helped you. Let's push for equality!
um, YEAH!!! haha, yesterday i saw the ready set, nevershoutnever, &2AM club!!!! best concert ever!
thanks for the "fruity" shots haha
The new hawks homepage looks awesome.
“: I love fsu's campus. It's so beautiful ❤” come take me back
Melanie was amazing. She should win the whole thing.
I guess it beats falling asleep on the couch like I did last night! :)
I can't wait till I go home.
you should come to Pittsburgh this weekend!
Goal for summer 2012: Actually get tan. Sick of blinding people.
The #Orioles really need to capitalize on this laughable pitching.
maybe badger bball to (know you don't care about that. Lol)
"anyone can play guitar" 'cluding me
Being called baby by someone you don't like. <<<<<
definitely man
I have some emotional niggas on my TL lol
#JSON to be a first class citizen in #MarkLogic you can get the best of both #XML and
lol tell me, if u had a person in yo life tht hated sumn u love n pretty much a liar n hypocritical, what would you do?
Still haven't gotten Trespassing in the mail... but it's only 4:50 in the afternoon... it could still come. : /
Hey all you locals- will be in Glendale !!!!
Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career! -E. Nightingale
Friday night. had Smoked Vanilla Bean Porter, Summer Saison, pizza & brussels. Yum.
God I love your tweets you make me piss my self LMAO...
don't try to save the money- go to a person Doctor. It's not the kind of thing you want to skimp on, Lemon.
Love your work
Yikes, what a pain for you. What did you move it to Patricia?
because of practice i can't hang with Alex..i have a feeling he was gunna ask me something important..
Just changed my three month old girl. I enjoy it because she always smiles at me when she has a brand new dry diaper!
both are correct. Folklore has it that Michigander was a slight against governor cass from lincoln. Michiganian + goose.
#HappyMothersDay future mother in law sleeping in the next bedroom, my Parents coming over tomorrow and were doing brunch at Zengo in SM!
#cnndialogues #RobertWoodson: In America it's ok to fail and waste millions of money if you are well intentioned and socially conscious.
i really look cute doe lbs i never put on clothes for school i guess i wanted to look nice my last day
Coming up on the , the LA arsonist has been caught. We're learning more about his motive this morning.
If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can. -Billy Idol
you know it is! I'm pretty good at remotely controlling juke boxes via twitter
i officially have enough oreos for a lifetime, thanks to my dads weekly care package
LMAOOO laying low.
two finals tomorrow and I'm finished with LSU.. it's a weird bittersweet feeling.
bolt to the world 9.82 you predicted
Feels like we just had a little earthquake.
Different ???? Good joke girl lmao
I still need good social media partners. please send your proposals to . I am currently overwhelmed. Best wishes: Joe
hey can you hit me up with your contact info
Entry Lists Released For Campbell/Wright Invitational
Hello friends and fans! The Nue Jazz Project will be back in action soon so stay tuned for updated gig info!
Lets do it Grizz!!!!!
I love my momma but she can't ever admit when she wrong! Smh!
is there a way i can get a physical copy of any of ur cds?? Im looking all over and cant find it
What type do they sing?
Tip #194: We can all improve our game. In order to move at max speed we must build in 15%+ of our #poker time into just studying the game.
"so true , luv it !: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business."
Good luck!
Developing an awesome PR and marketing strategy for our client, Egard Watches! Then I have to prepare for my speaking engagement tonight! A…
I love him so much. I really hope when Mad Men and 30 Rock are done, he and Tina do a single-camera comedy together.
I found an IHOP in Brooklyn and right in the neighborhood. How did I not already know this. Bond and Livingston.
hes coming to NY, you can meet him again <33
You're wonderful! Yahooey! RT : Sweet! Just submitted my first grant for ! Now...the weekend!
I havent like Boston for ages but I have mad respect for Ray Allen
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
Good morning Twitter and my awesome followers.
irv indy is not a bad team, i hope you didnt think mia was gonna run right over them. Indy can take this series
Salsa dancing tonight at the Latin Quarter in Annapolis, 169 West Street, 9pm lesson, 10pm open dancing. Free cover. Lesson $10. Parking $2
I jumped that bandwagon too many times to know better than to root for the Canucks :D
gotchaa well that sucks
The play is finished! 5 characters. A one act. Playwright festival reading invitation. Nov. 28th 7pm. FAU Studio One.
Everybody go and follow she will follow right back i promise!:DWhen you followed her RT so i can give you a shoutout!:D
Gonna pretend the traffic I hear on 66 is the ocean.
I'm Hungry >_<
The president of CSU just made a funny about how terrible the parking is here!
sometimes I have eat before and after but usually just before. Thanks for the info though!
Had pleasure or playing Prentiss' shrink on M. Lange's last episode. If she's done...who will I treat?
they have some in Louisiana. I bought a dozen
I really can't believe how many people take the elevator to just the second floor...
Woke up startled as hell
don't forget the plumbing! the plummmbinnnng!!!
TUNE IN NOW to "Down Time Radio" with Unique and Neesh Every Wed 2-4pm
They finish with a couple rants on other sports news and their NCAA Tourney Final Four predictions. Download and listen today!! (3/4)
Crowd D? There was 2800 people there. A just for showing up RT : Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
Jeremy, y u no act normal anymore?! :'(
C'mon guys. Hang in there.
you guys watching the Flyers vs. Devils game?
#ff and help coordinate social movements to stop
Ready to have a good day over here in the office
AM LyricalPursuit "No longer riding on the merrygoround. I just had to let it go." #goodmorning!
well they get pretty ripe around 13...
Whale ass tho? RT : I'm not against wealth , but the attitude that comes along with some people who are wealthy sucks whale ass
I'm alcohol intolerant. It only took me 21 years to figure it out...
what happened to "don't burn your bridges" because you just set yours up in flames.
Castillo released. No franchise tag on Vincent Jackson.
Thanks for the follow!
Good look Amare. Very inspiring. Godbless u and urs.
pick me?<3
Bullies like that rarely grow out of it.
#sla2011 SLA members: all the 2012 bd candidates thank you for yr support & best wishes!
Niggga's Really Think Cuz Im Not Gay Im Not A Fan #Bitch Look At My Profile Pics And Tell Me Dat.Bitch
NEW MENU COMING OUT SOON!
The WRLC Communications blog has received a major overhaul. Go check it out!
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets.
Yesterday's 3-2 L by the #Marlins was their 3rd by that score, the most in
There is smoke coming out of one of the lights at new park and ride because rain is filling in sconce. Bad design?
high-five! so well-deserved!
aiight I guess we can do that
HahahaHaha! That's exactly why i chose it to be my profile pic!! Get with it Grizel! Haha
will be partying with Dina B & The Persuaders tonight at Uncle Mick's. See ya on the dance floor!
Lonely, I'm a true loner
RT #EatLocalHi Challenge: Take a field trip to a farmers’ market for a scavenger hunt. Many are within walking distance of schools.
Cool I'm texting n twitterin from the same phone
merry christmas to you too! :)
*girls. RT “: Just the thought of you talkin to other guys just worries me that I might loose you for good .”
Last Friday Night
Doing research today for lunch at Roscoe's chicken and waffles. M so good
just constantly surprised by the things I learn about myself that I never knew...they're all right here on twitter!
I've been waiting for the love child of Janis Joplin and Mick Jagger for too long... Put out an album, girl! You f'ing rock
oh Madison. lol.
on my way home from ocean city it was really fun :p
This lady's last name is Hooker. I will not make jokes; I will not make jokes...
Laura, you bring up the sexiest of topics! Don't know much; they last a long time but not forever (we don't either).
alright I know thts right lol I'm ready to go on spring break myself lol..how Sonaj doing
looks awesome! I was looking around for just this very thing! I'll def be in touch about joining up!
you're so lucky he answered you
hey you dana, get off of twitter, go study for psych exams.
All these lames wanna follow me on instagram and twitter this is not a charity. Lmfao I will not accept or follow back.
Oops, I still have my name tag on. Stylish.
Question for experienced tweeters, I posted a pic of myself, however I cannot see it unless I click my profile all I see is an egg? Help?
are u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend, homo?
How are you liking Chicago vs. Texas?
I promise i'll tweet more!
Email of the year.
so now I have 3 guitars, still gonna get my "Les Paul" tho =P oh yeah x))
I think I'll do that:) how long do I have?
ALERT: What took you so long?! RT : Its been a while since I chugged a beer in class
Thanks! Let us know what you think :))))
Thanks for the mention. It's a labor of love.
remember the titans :)
LOL yeah and it hurt too!:P
I can see that. How are finals???
magic springs!
Heading out to have some home cooked BBQ ribs at my brother's house for a family BBQ in Texas... I haven't had good ribs in a long time
If I was a betting man I would bet Romney will claim "supporting gay marriage is a conservative value" by the end of the month.
and if you really hate them that much, mentioning them by name to all your followers is only gonna get their names out more
where can I get a (free) copy of your summer DMI preso?
Even when fans leave Austin, Mama Mahone never will. She was there from the beginning, and she'll be til the end. She's the biggest Mahomie.
What if I just left the studio mid session?
Nice. Why didn't I think of that?
You & me both girl! I'm ready for them to come back!
“: lol me either i just know it is also in the Dallas area lmao”lmao
February 7: Reading Lolita in Tehran book group discussion at 12:15. Read it now, before you have homework!
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
getting excited for the Oscars...I thinks I am in love w/ ..Now I have to just get him to feel the same...LOL :)
Off to work :-) early shift later
The banana pudding milkshake is back at the Chick-Fil-A near you! We must make plans to go partake soon!
Yep! Finishing up soon I hope.
#MUCat T. Delsey transition tools built into RDA, reinforcing ties to AACR2?
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for #ACBW?
TONIGHT - Semi-uplugged at FM in Gahanna!
i always love 's USTREAMS.
Wow thanks for the advice everyone! Tons of great people on my twitter list. :D
: Glad to hear it. Stay warm and out of the wind!
Officially smitten. No turning back now.
Wonder why people don't call root canals "zombie teeth."
hey thanks for following! come out to a show sometime!
KnowledgeLake Supports SQL Server 2012 Enhanced Performance Capabilities Within The KnowledgeLake Product Suite
Do you receive The VOICE newsletter?
Just like , time to #CmdW + get back to it! This shot list isn't going to make itself. (Thanks for nothing, 21st century.)
that's what I'm talkin bout! Get it!
Yep. I took off work to give me time to find whatever it was too.
Home from work
IT WAS NOT ME WHO GOT THEM!
Artists are some of the most courageous people on earth. Through their political, social, & personal fears they still make the choice to act
The trade is official & almost complete. Seattle gets the awesome in exchange for #OKC getting the Sonics er Thunder.
Just fixed a small bug on the sign up page that affected FireFox users where certain data wouldn't validate properly. It's all good now.
Face wash in eyes = I'm a dumb ass
Unsure how to dress for this weather... at least the sun is out though!
No matter what my choice is, I'm still hurting either way. *sigghhhh*
I cant wait for food. OMG.
Bout to put dis Digiorno Pizza in da oven
RT : is truly great - one of the masters! // No doubt!!
"If you plant a tree, you take care of it. If you plant an ecosystem, it takes care of you." - SF Urban Permaculture Design Course
I want to go to Helsinki and Dublin and Amsterdam and London and Paris and Madrid and Valencia and Vienna
vocal aural pairing viewed as powerful enough to conquer the spectral in consciousness raising
Thank you sir! : The special today is stupendous. Awesome combo of flavors.
Like a happy ending?
haha thank you! im Bryan i will see what the guys are doing for warped tour and maybe you might see them there
Back in Columbus... putting in some work.... I'm trying to perfect my creativity using art and design
79 killed in Syria yesterday. - JDG
I lost my travel coffee mug somewhere in Target. This would be the third mug I've lost/broken in 2012. Disappointing turn of events.
LITL hats will be in this week pre order yours now
#SO @ @ Be_GreenEnergy Thanks for the #follow!
You know you have real friends when you hang out and study together
i got Off.early... Got ot all next week tho
getting mad and assuming I deleted your number!
Ugh SO annoyed
scrapple's good.
So long we are loved by others I should say that we are almost indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend. - RobertStevenson
can't respond to your dm because your not following me and didn't really understand the question
im thinking about Cooper
Thanks! Hope all is well there too.Morning coffee is a must. The must be even more high energy than before with espresso:)
U can tweet or call 9737334311 for any non-emergency City service. U can call Code Enforce direct at 9737333706.
let us know if you ever form Bacon Communities :) We'd be first to sign up!
Show tonight at the Grog Shop!
ya know... We could just cut that part off...
Tom Morello was just rude to his guitar tech after a song about standing up for workers.
"Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." - Anthony J. D'Angelo
if Austin Mahone followed me I would die come back to life and die again Please follow me it'd make my life!!!
In google+, no one can hear you scream
and looking into various ways to make money online
hahaha I'm on it! :D
Friend: "I want another kid." Me: "WHY?!?! Think of all the money you could blow on yourself instead!"
R.I.P. Pastor Zachery Tims, Dead at 42
The principles of true #art is not to portray, but to evoke. -Jerzy Kosinski #quote RT
Your Life Is Not To Live Mines... And My Life Is Not To Live Yours...
Yup. IMO the I.T. industry certifications business is one of the biggest rackets going.
i love people. i love culture and adventure and laughter. and yet... inanimate objects like the perfect pair of boots bring me such joy...
Poland needs your help. Do something, please!
I got money hidden in my mattress ..they say one more thing wrong and I'm stealing their car and leaving #5thousand..last time i counted
This. Is. Why. I. Drink.
Still workin out all the details, just givin cats the heads-up!
thanks have a good chirstmas too lets hope that comes to our houses this year with gifts hehe
Why are so many people being misdiagnosed w/their thyroid? Because MDs receive less than 15 hours of nutritional studies in an 8 year degree
That's awesome. I hope that something works out for you soon.
I don't see why you wanna come into my life now when you failed to be there all those years I needed you
thinking about you!! Love you and miss you much!!
this week went by so fast!! i cant believe today is friday already
-I didn't like the Beatles in the 60's, still don't.
What program do you use? Re: Book trailer.
Catch the LA Zombies tonight on Channel 34 At 6pm and 11pm
singing GMYH at bamboozle and...?
Holy plaid! #MadMen sportcoats & crinoline
Second Saturday was a hit "SNO" thanks everyone for supporting "SNO" Clothing!!! SnoClothing.com
RT InsiderTeam: follow us on twitter and facebook (InsiderTeam) to learn how to drive business to your website - NO BS MARKETING SYSTEM!
PEACE GMF, I'M 1 OF YOUR YOUTUBE FRIENDS "GRANDMASTERP88" I'VE BEEN PLAYIN YOUR BA-DOP-BOOM-BANG ALBUM FROM "88"!!!!! 1 LOVE!!!
When you argue remember to bring up issues with a soft start up. Bringing things up harshly will only provoke your partner to be harsh too.
lol do wine let's you think straight?
I picture at work striking the Heisman pose while wearing a cape made out of the dreams of kids in Newark
Last steak night if the year tonight! TIP: get there early. Will sell out quick.
lol! Maybe it will keep the aliens from sucking out your brains! Haha!
'bout to get my drink on tonight. LONG WEEK. any1 else?
Being a full blooded ninja
thanks to everybody for coming to DC9 last night!
kudos to #nascar competition and #daytona500 track crew for keeping safety the #priority last night ... no alternative for safety!
enjoy the sun Frankie! There's no sun in NYC today, nothing but rain and fog!! :(
I just finished a 6.38 mi run with a time of 1:02:12 with Nike+ GPS.
Little relive of college rocking out to Vampire Weekend before hit the rd to Nashville 4 the audition!
RT : is the greatest thing to happen to me today. Can't WAIT to learn a new language this summer!
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them
You're welcome.
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Really?!?... RT : Y'all taking advice from Steve Harvey an he divorced...
me to!
if I pass in a null value to Element.attr will it remove the attribute?
"My new book Leveraging Linkedin to be ready in January of 2012!!! at Dream Job"
She Told That Manee' ! >>
congrats on signing w the saints...I wish you success
but in this case...not this sunday but possibly next sunday #moviedate?
The #cavs are playing all-star game caliber defense.
it didn't work. He jumped.
ok that shitz raw
Quickbooks for Beginners April 24, 9am. This workshop is for new users and introductions to the basics using Quickbooks. Info 344-3933
saw Fenty ("Mayor McPissypants") in Smartcar on 15th St last night with cell headpiece... isn't that illegal?
another timeless hit from the artist behind the unforgettable "Bitch set me up"
You guys have the personel for a 43 defense kelsay could go back to end and darreus n kyle Williams great tandem inside.
RT : who do I get in touch with at Rackspace about compensation for reduced productivity? :)
Kids of my time have mastered peeing and texting
I can't find for the right song to how I'm feeling now
“The search for truth is more precious than its possession.” Albert Einstein
Thank you everyone for the great presentations and turnout! Look forward to next DC Animation Group!
never mind lol what are you doing?
live show? R u kidding me... Thats awesome *paris voice* ;) hahah
Finally made it to bookshop and lending library in Boyle Heights. It's great! just like everybody says.
Second flight today cancelled - in a row.
Im kinda freaked out right now.
shitty end to an otherwise decent night, all over some major BS.
"how strange it is to think that it has been almost a whole year since you’ve traced the lines of my face"
it's 1st grade.. Who cares lol
I can send you the questions if you want?
I know man...I'm pretty stoked..
Making your friends feel better when they're sad or stressed. >>>>>>>>>>>>>
I dont need anymore empty promises and lies.... I get enough of that from our government.
He's already guilty. You're showing ur biased skirt. Police said "don't approach". What part of that do u not get.
Step 2? What's Step 2 in this process?
So. I'm leaving THURSDAYY
"The OCLC Control Number is anticipated to reach one billion sometime after July 1, 2013." from message of the day. Catalogers r busy!
Sitting next to a dyke <
no, much different, thicker yolk and better flavor. Free range.
Flying up to NH. Dad received new kidney this morning thanks to unknown organ donor & great team at Lahey Clinic. Thanks 4 prayers & support
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn&#39;t Exist
Everyone in LA is at Trader Joe's right now.
hey look #themainetour is trending worldwide! :)
like which ones?! im trying to find some that I'm interested in but I already missed the AAR and ARTTM, and SIO one! :/
meet your future wife . get onn that harry!
Afternoon #Audition :)
really? Mines just started lucky me c; haha Really? Are you in school or something? Thats great (:
Very cool.
LOL - this made my day [much less productive].
i know!!! he is having an after party but it's 21+ lol
You'd never know it's a holiday F-150 production in full swing at Dearborn Truck Plant today. Monday they will rest.
Jeez ur fast. At least Front office is thinking outside the box to bring in talent.
good morning!! Go24!!
And folks just SWEAR they can't pronounce "Mahalia"!
glad I could help you out at #blogathonatx. Look forward to seeing you at next WordPress Austin meetup!
Your the one for me..
Come on !! Always believe in BC!!
yes , none stop !
Man looks good and so does CarrotTop
happy birthday bro have a blessed day fam
Going to the bank to talk with them about anything is always a pain.
Or Chris Spencer for that matter...
3 minutes already went went? wow. that was quick
Trouble neglects you angels protect u
too scared to look in his fuckin yearbook...
Have a good breakfast! Have a great day Drew!
Beware of roving DUI patrols and DUI checkpoints tonight. Check with for up-to-the-minute info on checkpoints in your area
take my belt off haha im pootie tang lls.
Wow, just yesterday I had low 200 followers and now I have over 500. Yayy!! Thanks guys!! :)
o ok
i like what i see
It was climax ..
RT : Develop the community, encourage interaction, refine discussion topics in the future via
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We have a question - which bite of the wing is the best - the first one or the last?
happy first day! :)
No dead frogs for you?!? Bahaha
Boyfriend sounds like sex omfg
Did my mom really just say "Jesus is making it rain"? 😂
I'm so funny!!!
you need a Fanny pack I swear!
. don’t let cut child care & afterschool for 47K kids!
thank you so much! God bless you.
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone.
I left and didn't buy it.thislady asked how my service was and if I found what I wanted I said no and it sucked.
do u like it?
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami. about 12 minutes!(:
RT : Improving Markets Index Expands to 30 Metros in November: The number of improving housing markets con......
Pulled him pretty early. Guess he held up ok...
#vs11beta Design is improved, but it's still hard to distinguish the icons in the solution explorer. Folders & Files need more separation.
#JustinBieberIsHandsome is trending. He is actually very cute, but handsome... Hm not sure
but I'm a canon guy. Not sure about other brands
wish I could go!! Break a leg!!
isn't it crazy how your horoscope can be so true?
RIP Whitney Houston! A music legend that will be greatly missed!
Too busy to tweet. Thats when you know life is too busy. :((((
I know l'm a day late, and commenting on Mad Men is like being all, "The Wire!," but... Rory Gilmore!!!
they give that person a new experience by peddling nonsense. The person actually thinks they're talking to that dead person.
Never cry for the person who hurts you. Just smile and say "Thanks for giving me the chance to find someone better than you"
How do I get at you about a collabo
"Most attractive film aliens" - Yeah, remind me to never log on Yahoo News again.
This turned into a crap day really fast.
always classy never trashy I rude the line
To anyone who receives a direct message from me it is spam I am sorry! Do not open it!
ugh mondays are forever awful.
You are the only one that gets me,knows me,feels me,hurts me.
POTUS supporting gay marriage is a historic shift in the movement for #marriageequality and he's on the right side of history.
Thank you and best of luck to you!
What happened?! Fast forward to summer?
can yall make some diffrent beats again. Music sucks right now.
Trying to watch football and UFC at once! What a great night
It is snowing at Penn State & its 40 here...and you wonder why im going south
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain, So the crazy, obsessed runner went out to run again.
that may be indicative of an underlying medical condition. .keloidsurvey.com
dot dot dot that's all i'm saying hahah jk that made my night in some strange way.
AGREED! RT : you need stiletto cam on site
Only Piers Morgan and Samir Nasri could take a selfless gesture like giving money to charity and turn it sour. Just be men about it.
It's 3:02, i have school tomorrow, and i cant sleep.
And so we go to OT!!!
Hope you all have a great Friday!!!
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was @ SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too. Do you have a facebook?
I wish Ray Lewis had a spiked jersey like Beetlejuice.
Forgive sounds good. Forget, I'm not sure I could. They say time heals everything, but I'm still waiting.
Missing the love of my life...cant wait to see him :)
Worked to hard to fail so hopefully I passed
I am being bombarded with player bots!
We're going #CommercialFree in 5 min - Plus, has 3-Day passes to !
My set has been moved up to start at 9:30.... not 10:00
You did great tonight. You were amazing. I wished u got slimed though.
ah maybe later(;
#union got away with own there in the box. Definitely contact there. Oh well. Go Philly!
NEVER add your mom.
An experience most people have and never forget...their first shot of everclear...the real everclear
im sorry thats right you have double the dose of raging hormones! Lol
hello back at you. I'm looking forward to your tweets :)
Munch THE Brunch ? haha
Yus, very. :D
Does the agreement with Dish include them showing TVW in their local channels? I hope so.
I like that quote. PS, I know I'm late but the new site it nice!
My sure your #Following !
I was about to be like, how do you not starve with what you said??? Lol.
I would love to rent an RV and hire a driver to take my friends and me around the country.
If Whitlock eats all the truck sandwiches before I get there, sandwiches should be banned for causing gluttony
So many updates to MISSING cast --
Les and Mark are talking to Race Central's Kurt Hansen on The Score right now! Tune in for that and Free Beer Friday at 9:30, 1510 AM!
I don't have a voice. Maybe I won't have to stay for rehearsals.. I can't say a word, lol.
I shall paint my nails!
I feel like after a hangover.
Going to be so sad if cat doesn't get over the ceiling fan soon. Our place is tiny- she can't spend her whole life in the living room! Help?
seriously, so happy that nbc renewed community. bated breath to hear about parks and rec's fate.
Natalie you're making me blush over here haha. Thanks so much :-)
Do any of you know #WhatIsIACP?
16 days away from our 5 year anniversary ;)
I'm not a big fan of the Vistaprint ad: "250 free business cards!" Thanks, but no thanks.
I have been infanticizing about you all day.
hope u read this but just wanted to let u know that I LOVE YOU and that YOUR AMAZING NEVER FORGET THAT!!! XOXOXO <3
it's okay. Would you be aloud Saturday into Sunday ?
You activated before you posted the picture of your code, right? :)
holy shit you're awesome at Draw Thing!
Stuck in Denver? Snowboarding perhaps.
Went and looked at apartments with my dad today!(: I think we found one we likke: )
could this indicate that the trucker hat and/or leopard print movements are almost dead? we can only hope.
Say what you want, Do what you please, but you will never be better then me.
Shoe salesmen sell soles. EROCK
Hey, where you been, stranger???
RT : I've talked to enough people to make a safe assumption....Mike Shanahan will soon be named the head coach of the Redskins.
My Friend is hacking my account!!!-_-BITCH xD
wasn't that almost identical to the Marchand goal in Game 7 against Vancouver
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
wish my daughter would call me back!! Texted and called be nothing.
I mean when you are that age too. You look great now.
Water for elephants is the sweetest movie ever :)
#Now Playing : Take One Last Breath by Abandon All Ships (:
I love having connections
I still need to see last week's TVD episode, but fingers crossed I will this weekend!
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
The Oscars might be over but the parties are just beginning. Entering the Kodak Theatre in T-minus 6 hrs!
Just returned from Chicago after completing the YMCA's CEO Institute program. Met a group of other amazing YMCA CEOs and facilitators/prese…
RT : Lots of people are emailing us about our Beginner's Workshop Class and where it will be hosted: [...] online j.mp/peDpTs
Don't want to be a jerk but, when a posting says no remote applications - only local applicants. It means if you're not local don't apply.
I wouldn't want to work there? I mean, everyone makes mistakes, but it bugs me when people don't proofread public documents.
Mac n Wiz in the Burgh at the same concert
RIP Whitney Houston! So sad!
Goodluck to all running this weekend! check out HCEF's ad in the online goody bag for a fall #5K -
Thanks for following back! We're into darts in a big way.
OK – yet MUST cover more local biz RT What do you think of decision to charge for online edition?
that chick Cortney that I am going out with Thursday watches smash...I see if she has any tips on
I use "Existential Crisis" as a figure of speech in my personal rhetoric, but I don't quite understand existentialism. #hypocrite?
launched an xmas sweepstakes. could win 1 of 5 $100 Amex giftcards for signing up with foodgizmo. www.foodgizmo.com. pay some xmas bills!
Training on her first day on the job.
you down? Like James brown? Two times!
type t y p e TYPE. deletedeletedelete
Darling tells supporters that she is waiting for a call from her opponent. She later told news reporters that she has not declared victory.
Back to Green at lap 180 with 1 and 2 at
I think that God makes us think that we like people that 'we can't have' to help us raise our standards so we meet the right one <3
"My dog is my valentine." -shit HPU girls say
Going to Rudy's. Meet us there.
": Practice today was the best all week for me!"
just don't like doing the mowing. :)
This Savage character certainly seems qualified to talk about bullying...or was it anti-bullying?
The life we live is from stories we create, is your story thriving in positive and empowering moments?
Okay, I need a producer.
RE belt and etc..... so now that it is almost bigger than high5's is it time for something new for 2011 season?
bruh, you need your own political radio show. Lol I bet it would be off da chain!
i say panelists*should* be humanized- i mentioned the guys' kids-but don't think I should be qualified as the smartest "lady!"
I voted too many times and now my hands hurt. Can I get a followback now? (:
Ha! via : "Bumper sticker on a pickup truck: Driver does not carry cash. He's married."
What do you guys think about the new profile image? Its from a photoshoot last month with :)
OK, Aesop Rock. I never listened to any of his albums
We've tried wikis (dokuwiki), a blog, but are now using a sharepoint site for shared docs, small databases (lists), and forums.
Lakers my team
Hope to see you! Happy Pre-Friday! RT : in that case I'll try my best!
Looking forward to founder #tsw2012 preso "turning your camera on your phone into a gaming device"
thanks I'm 40 but i RTed
Meeting new people is always nice, even better when you share common interests
next time... Both of us will get in : )
Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the #newtechnetwork through i3 grant
Just a single line of Javascript code. One of your users, , asked us if he could put our code up on his Jux blog.
Old ladies are so cute ..my god.
great day of writing and getting work done... Met a new artist and were doing some songs with him in a couple months... gotta love it :-)
Great bands rehearse constantly. Great teams practice daily.
I think haberdashery is making a comeback. I see lots of hipsters wearing Trilbies and Fedoras these days...
#AskMindless COMMENT... thank u guys so much for loving your fans
"Your faith that brought you to where you are, will not take you to where God wants you to be. Each step req a daily renewal of faith."
Fandor Launches Keyframe as the Digital Magazine of Independent and International Film
Don't think I'll be at school tomorrow...Peyton's got her echo at Riley Hospital...
Happy Birthday !
US SC delivers opinion in Schwab v. Reilly case involving interpretation of provisions within s 522 of the US Bankruptcy Code.
Renoites: I have a friend who needs a pair of life size angel wings for a short video shoot Sunday afternoon. Anyone have a pair to loan?
Looking back at your exes and thinking what the hell was I on?
Yeah. Go try and get some rest. I'm sure it will help.
WHAT UP KIDD...BE IN ATL TOM...
Its like ahh then I have to do my Freshmen reading projects :/
Ppl sleeping on me Haha
When you buy a poor product or service, you just return or exchange it, or get it fixed. A bad haircut is an unfortunate exception.
Ya boy back in action,mixtape coming soon produced by Trouble Maker Ent....stay tuned
Paycheck in the bank, that means ordering my gear :D
And Seth Sinovic gets the start for Sporting KC as they battle Vancouver tonight!!!
One is in the works, :)) Thank you for asking. We will hopefully be announcing it soon!
You are never a loser until you quit trying. Mike Ditka
Thanks so much! :)
Families of the victims of sexual exploitation visited House of Hope today & we were able to be a fly on the wall as Oscar addressed the ...
I bet
"DON'T PISS UP MY ASS AND TELL ME IT'S RAINING OUT THERE CHARLIE!"
Ah yeah Metta World Peace is certified #Crazy!
Wealthy mindsets think "experience." Cost is never an issue where experience is valued.
I think Papa Murphy's really believes cooking a pizza at home in my own oven is an innovation. Cute.
Grind today at work. So much to do
What a great weekend! It *finally* feels good to be a dc sports fan. thanks caps and nats : D
haha def not I expect the same!
Jajaja im so stupid if you gays what to know y tweet me because its so boring
Property Values: Real Estate for $350,000 A contemporary in Charlotte, a ranch house in Phoenix and an 1890 house in New Hampshire.
people who are top of mind will consistently win
true. Enjoy this historic season he is putting on and you'll be able to say ya I watched him every night
Have a good foggy morning South Miami...
aint that it!
Sun alas... Kirkland waterfront looks beautiful right now.
that's cool , i'm a freshmen (x lol 9th grader !
Hi Hooligan! U still making beautiful art for us I love U! Geronimo looks so chibi.
Yahoo Sports reporting Blazers have fired Head Coach Nate McMillan. Nothing official from team as of now
Check out teamvic.com for your nutirtional supplement needs and personal training advice.
When people are going out and they completely ignore each other. Whats the point?
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
I Got Nothing But Love For You Baby .
#IwantSomebody who will be there for me when I need him.
“: Alright, question for all my new Kentucky followers: What team are you most scared of- UNC, Ohio St, Syracuse, and U Conn.
cause I don't live there.
The Bexar County Casual's watch party is at Alamo Heightsn
Beautiful! Contests on your union.
bring it
"Instead of basic training, we could just do test prep. It's called 'drill n kill,' right?" -- Rejected Army ideas.
Anyone remember Chief Wahoo McDaniel? What a racist character that was...
Our interview tally for #lastofthebreed is now over 50 amazing musicians, historians, and award winning artists. Going to be a great film.
Hitched 2 trailers on 1st attempt. I may the best church plant trailer puller ever.
For the first time since George #Huguely was convicted for killing #Yeardley Love her mom speaks in DC about domestic violence.
Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
oh yeah, follow all the Laurs
word. See what I mean? Her face is jacked.
The #crashers should totally come to my house.
Really enjoying Buzz's Garage on tonight!
see the truth is want me as her dude again but keep tryna pkay me talkin bout I got hoes when really she got all tha hoes
Just saw two homeless men hitting each other with pieces of cardboard. Pillow fight?
Big love to our guests tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Thanks for listening!
One examample of absurdity of UN: Libya sits on the Human Rights Council!!
Welcome new followers: , , ,
": Geesh my fingers must be iPhone fat tonight!" Ha, At least you have an iPhone, I'm stuck in Berrynation! :)
What do you mean? Could you clarify?
At tim and scott's show with todd!
Family member mocks me for wtching #sytycd clips all the time
Owwie I'm gonna wear that shit every damn day lmao
Food > homework OBVIOUSLY.
which ones?
Hi Dallas, thanks for following me. Couldn't watch the webinair last Wed., but plan to watch the tape. Have a good evening.
you're at warped tour this year?!?! :D
very very sweet. Thank you for being there!
“ “ The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up.””
forwarded that site to me n my bestie. We are SO making that.
Too many strangers on this bus to sleep... guess ill
If someone wants to take the videotapes of & edit them down to five minute segments and post them to Vimeo, drop a line
Communication is the key to better health too! Shout out to #UVA doctoral student Malinda studying better communication methods!
Escape and breathe a little... :)
I don't think I have ever been so relaxed before.
let us know if you have any questions /cc
Heading out to #yogaonarooftop Thanks ! will I see you there or are you prepping other events?
Note to self:FIBER ONE BARS ARE NOT CANDY
We learned our fourth grandchild will be a girl; due in 3 months. Name: Evelyn Marie RT Share something great about your day!
Brendon was great. I actually liked him much more in person! Sometimes on video he seems schmarmy to me but live he was so genuine.
Ack! Glad you're ok. & I had a shot of whiskey for you. Long-distance medicine!
Txtn and walking ticket?!?!? SERIO!? That's a fucken joke right?!
#LeslieNielsen RIP, funny man. And stop calling me Shirley.
Happy Birthday ! VINEYARD NITE JAN 13!! MY 3RD TIME!
Would lv to have you visit us! I been to the program when Ivana did her fashion show in the confection room at Macy's. So cool!
DUI CheckPoints - Long Beach - South patrol division (the fun area by the bars), 6pm-2am
love how they are all the same. Everything's fair game.
Awesome training at Werdums!!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X4
Oh, man, I've really let some LinkedIn invitations go to seed here.
Missed this! Benjamin Lukoff, University of Washington, 1996
Its only Tuesday...
Looking forward to drinking a pimm's cup at a super bowl party since I won't be watching
crazy!! Do h have a headache?
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people give out my number without asking. Omg really?..
Sounds like a great event! I'd like to donate a couple Lipstick Laws copies.
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ See the "LEATHERHEADS" 'RAY and DAN' RETWEET PLEASE! RT RT RT RT
Have a fun and relaxing spring break graduate students!
Thank you for all the updates for !!!
Uh... windshield wipers in use? excuse me? It can't be raining!
Owl City Friday @ the House of Blues in Boston!!! I can't wait!!! :D
I Am What I Am #JonasFromTheStart x
let me go to sleep DAMN ! Lol
Watching Tarzan with my baby cousins ( : <3
Cuz that's what real niggas do ! 😁
Thank goodness #girlswithnoass won't end up w/ big, sloppy, jiggly, cellulite-riddled ass when older. :-)
sorry I missed you this morning. Hope to see you again soon!
don't even have to take the test. i'm totally Granny Weatherwax. :P
Lol, but I won't keep you up too late #twitterboo...just hit me up tomorrow :)
Omg what a night
Remember to check-in at your next visit and you will receive a free sample of Unite's Boosta or Lazer Straight!!
thanks for the check in! Hope you're having fun!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize you're tweeting from online AND on your phone.
": R.I.P. to my ninja Steve he used to dunk on Ninjas" hell yeah!! R.I.P. Steve
Everytime WMYB or One Thing comes on the radio i think about haha
CAN'T KEEP SCORING ONLY A COUPLE RUNS A GAME AND EXPECT TO WIN......REDS LOSE BOTTEM OF 9TH. ON WILD PITCH.
Our goal is always to give you - our audience - the experience of watching real life unfold - and sometimes unravel - right before your eyes
good. After this class, I need it. I vote next week
you'll do fine! Sleep the first half of the day and don't study. Skim!
Happy hour til 7pm. Live music with the Zimis 9pm. Good food, drinks and company
im almost positive that yu dnt i can bet my last newport thAt yu dnt. Lol. Humor me....where yu stay? Lol
Crappy crappy day.
i agree it is impossible but i would never hurt anyone if they dont hurt me first
Coral is the it color at tonight's banquet!
I didn't love Race to Witch Mountain but for a kids movie the special effects were Action Movie worthy!
I just emailed you guys. Hit me back if you like our sound.
Agreed. I used to be funny and a badass, but now that I'm not anonymous I suck
My cousin was telling me that we should go, and I told her I can't cause I have chorus practice and Bard's open house. :(
She'll never admit it but she is. Dangit!
truee, but some ugly nerdy parents that have big ol' noses have the cutest babies ever. Lol
hahahaha wow...you and Zach literally came up with an elaborate plan just for that hahah
I want to go home spending the night in the hotel cuz roads were glare ice and couldn't get on 100. Cool
Right on the border of Chicago. The town is called Park Ridge...it's really nice.
Damn you Justin Bieber movie! Damn you for being so enjoyable.
Those two shows combined net out to being about equal to
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend!
whoa I don't take notes for myself lol
the true secret to happiness is to grow super chronic sticky Nugs! What?
Surprise The Sliders show tonight. 3085 Shore Drive, Merrick. 8pm sharp. =)
Craziness of the NBA this season: Blazers scored 7 points in 1st quarter last night vs Lakers. Tonight they score 41 in 1st vs Spurs.
Hello love! Just discovered you on here. Love your tag line!! So happy to see you doin your thing!! <3
welcome back
Wonder when they were hired? Before Obama became President?
I have enough hairspray in my hair to cause global warming.
Gertken: Swift uses metaphor of balance to talk balance of power
You knew that I was gon be somethin you stressed out if you need somethin I gotcha. Yea look what youve done.
Did you know that over 300 merchants accept RepeatReceipt in the Boston area?!? Take a picture of your receipt today during lunch!
Great to participate in yesterday’s #MetroWest #Homelessness Forum in #Wellesley, thanks to everyone who stopped by HHC’s table!
You know you're a photographer when you focus more on the lighting, contrast, bokeh, and focus rather on the movie itself.
lol, Mississippi is very boring.
Crime reporter Bolan nominated for award
My youngest child will be 5yrs old in two weeks. Where does the time go.
All I've had to eat today is 6 saltine crackers and 1/4 can of Sprite. So ready to be over whatever I have and eat food again.
What are you doing tonight? Have you signed our petition yet?
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick & suck ur pussy,& give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
u never heard my music
of course i pasted in front of ft lauderdale airport when i was in miami :)
that makes sense then. Now I know why at least. Cool.
Hey! How's it going?
Feel weird watching football right now
performs to the lights and sounds of St. Patrick's Day at 11am on #Lightscape. Come to State/Madison or State/Monroe to watch.
Now would be a great time to riot. Let's mobilize! Hehe
: WIN a TORGOEN Swiss T30 watch of your choice! For a chance of winning SIMPLY follow us & RT! Closes 05/31/12!
The Packers!
Thx, Jessica! You know I *love* a platform to mouth off about 'born this way' b.s.
We watch you guys every evening. The barbers & all of our customers love you guys so much! Big ups to 106 & Park!
the animated fonts are awesome
RT : There are now 20,843 Jeremy Lin items on eBay, the most listings of any active NBA player (Kobe is #2 with 19,579)
"At the end of the day - you can't take everyone on your journey with you, some people you are going to have to just leave behind!"
Great find! :)
Watching a movie to end the night with my Mom<3
You Are What You Do Today – Many people say they have good habits. Yet, their daily actions do not reflect it.
hey Roberta, how's the house hunting going?
everything will even itself out u will be below .500 just like the Twins...
my mother and i wanna wish you a happy mothers day! give isaiah a kiss for us
Sunday night from 10 to 11pm pizza and sundaes menu!
RT this if you are ready for the Brewers Opening Day this Friday!!
A THOUSAND YESSES! Message me I would love to find out more specifics. Thanks!
Wine Bar in River?
That was no joke!!! You are beautiful! :)
Join a new company, be one of the first to try some fantastic products! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Dogs need love! Have you hugged your dog today?
What are we celebrating? >> : In honor of 9AM coffee Friday Con Pane in Liberty Station
We think we've seen each other in passing at a show. Possibly. But I hadn't met David either and you encouraged that one.
pls translate your tweet to me in English
how did Hughes/Winn look today?
is jamming to justin bieber right now
RT : 350:When the Spanish arrived, at least 250,000 Native Americans lived in Florida.
“ Soo granny say it suppose to storm later. . .BestSexTimeEver Omg!”
I'm so easily influenced. Watching #uppers interview w author of Bringing Up Bebe...just ordered the book on AbeBooks.
#FF follow these amazing boys called They are so amazing :)!! <333
what happened bro?
full room at general session - glad to see so many colleagues here!
we are living a tvless existence this week...I hope it's online soon
Congrats on your new EP, , sounding great so far!
Daily Dharma: Love and Nourish Your Body, Mind & Spirit Though we often think of massages as a special treat and indulgence it is in fact
Ah I can't wait till the shop is ready to open an I won't have to stress anymore.
Can someone recommend a small, casual but chic restaurant on the upper east side? American or Italian cuisine. Thanks!
Sorry all. This was not meant for distribution. I used the wrong Send Box - and, yes, what am idiot move that was. I apologize.
I can't take it!!!
I hear you there. But I'm skipping out on the Italian football today and taking a nap. Granted it's AC Milan - darn.
I take that back, 7 babies. Rock on.
I don't think he knows yet
nothin at all.. The way i dress doesn't mix well with em
Fuck this ! i cant finish this presentation !
well put
So I Guess I'm Goin To East Tonight
A woman should always be about her word. even if a man fails to do so...
my mom had said she was done because they was being disrespectful to the lords prayer
oops! training today
boiiiii! You better text me or tweet me when you're in austin!! We are so gonna chill and make music.
Local is preferred, but it might be flexible.
yes the sleep process and its issues are fascinating and scary at same time - think relates!!!
No worries Tam, I appreciate your helping me get heard and I'm glad you like it. I'm more interested in getting my music heard...
I love coming to English class and finding out that we won't have class again until Friday :)))))
who wants to go eat sushi w/me(: ?
these miami squirrels are too brave....they will come and sit directly next to you!
i did i did woop noww i look like a retard
When people have 12 followers: they always say hi. When people have 2000 followers:bitch your not important I'm to busy being twitter famous
I need me a hairless body, the ghetto ass that I already have and 's titties. And then I will be happy.
Building the bookmobile of the 21st century. Today's topic in Library Test Kitchen. (Does it have books or is it the LIVEBRARY?)
Don't worry, our mobile app will be available for the iPhone soon!
darling please reply <3
u tell me? Lol
New headphones! No more dick ears.^_^
Browne's current work on Gorillas. Known only by small bits until 1858. Wolf 1858 was the public image and substitute specimen.
Hummingbirds in Cincinnati this past weekend too | RT : Hummingbirds have returned to the CO Rockies!
RT : Excited to be among some *prestigious* names as a speaker w/
Similar for DC,
But I'm thrilled to pieces to finally get to meet you!! & did you know, I'm in a for real #socialmedia job now? Yay!
Handing out postcards with twitter handle and # to people waiting in a line generates a TON of content b/c ppl have nothng to do!
:D Amazing how happy music makes you happy! A simple concept we forget.
Thanks -- It is nice to meet you too!
First item, Abolish Fox News.
Not getting vote for pulse of people award from me or
Having a blast shooting "Porcupine Hugs" In Pennsylvania! Have a look at the Actor's Intensive facebook page!
it was so pretty! I couldnt stop looking at it! Lol I have no idea what's wrong with me :(
Wishing you and your family a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous New Year!
Your so cute(; Ahaha.
prerequisites for being a stage = Absolutely anything Betsy is standing on.... All the world's a stage" according to Shakespeare
So it's $9 one-way on Hiawatha Service Line from Union Station to N Suburban Glenview.
For what I do, I could see me never getting another chance
Thin line between love and hate
really considering late night shooting
Christmas was blessed!
yep...boston is done.
Back in the equipment room, thinking about how my volunteer movie making has made me a poor tech force employee. Good thing that's over.
And then you remember "Fat or Pregnant?" on the 52. Happy Spring!
repping USF tomorrow at Disney, and USF women's soccer hosts an exhibition tourney Saturday. Great weekend to be a BULL!
That's right apotheosis CDs available soon
"We're all about raising our kids without losing ourselves, with wine as a totally acceptable coping strategy."
Is it okay if I lay in bed until noon if I worked 80 hours this week?
got a headache but ready for next week !!!
1) Who are you? 2) Where are you going? 3) What will you do when you get there?
almost reached 2 million x
What is with today? Yesterday was so low key and today its like 20 emails at once...
I followed.
Can we all agree that bjork isn't creative, she's just crazy?
Scared bout skool today, my moms making me go.
So far, we've developed a marketing plan & timeline. Since sumer is "slow season" it's perfect for a brown bag lunch.
Toaster: A gift that every member of the family appreciates. Automatically burns toast.
Tweet it? Would love to see :)
I'm fasting from ESPN for the rest of the week. Seriously.
How far is it from my apartment to the Olympic Day Spa? 1.1 miles.
We are rehearsing like mad people! Flu Season feels so close! Buy your tickets now!
"Sleep Walking Diaries" video shot this weekend. "Dangerous Roses" in progress. New music is on its way!
Empty af.. This shit is crucial.
Seasons greetings to you as well. Hope you are having a good one with the fam.
What you talkking about.?
yes, yes we do. This is major news.
wrong tag again hun. just want to make sure your Sam gets her love.
Why is it that Roger does not have to prove his case to make decisions that may effect someone's wealth.
Commission votes to move forward draft Congressional maps for next round of public comment
I've never been this popular. Thanks, and replied. Let's try to chat tomorrow or later this week. I can probably help.
hey ask Mark bout his CD (The Sweet Sounds of Mark DiFelice )
Don't want to cook to because it's too hot outside?? Call us and we'll gladly do all the cooking! Eat-in or take-out it's that easy!
How goes it? We've gone plant-based vegan (again! = vegan + no fake food) so my smoothies are soy protein + almond milk.
No #Tiger jokes @ the #Oscars? Read why here-www.USSportspages.com
Few things in life are as rewarding as working with a team of seriously amazing people who know their stuff. ALL barriers cease to exist.
Or how I normally dance. RT : It's National Dance Like a Chicken Day!
absolutely! Its Friday!!!
what for?
follow back?? =]
Slept well, had good workout. Ready for a nice & easy lead news day. Now that I've said that, I'm sure chaos will ensue Happy MONDAY PEOPLE.
Meighan, Pratt & Furlow are on stage tonight at 6:30pm. If you can't make it tonight, don't worry...they will be playing tomorrow night too
It also shows the mental of those running such theatres, their mentality and lack of consciousness
Time for Australia to change time zones. I suggest PST MT : #Djokovic wins history's longest Grand Slam final t.co/QCWPNgr8
- Welcome! Thks for the follow! Can't wait for the Olympics! Let's work together in the future! Robin Lynch Aerialist
If You See A #RedCupNation poster tweet it • Newbury St., Back Bay Station, Ruggles Station & Dudley Station & Many More
Aww. A soc entrepreneurship prof, whose class I spoke to in January, said I was mentioned in many student midterms "They really liked you."
prove it!!!
is packing for
“: A woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing.......a man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.....#zeetism”
KnowYOURself before speaking
yes, the Culinary Tourism class will be mostly on line and it will meet once face to face with Lucy Long.
You make my dreams come true (: #hall&oats
How you gonna live your life like the dream you had was real?
Looking for something special to do with your Family for Easter? Make reservations for Easter Brunch at one of our McMenamins Properties.
that is correct! In fact everything in the joint minus the drafting table and is ^kd
I did remember but he said he doesn't date people at the same school:/
You a pop tart n*gga you soft in the middle
Thank you for spreading the word about #1st&Hope gig April 30th at 8:00. Will we see you there?
yndRedem_Film Beyond Redemption Picture of the day is up on Facebook. It's very cute!
RT : RT : Molly Ruppert will receive the 's 2012 Alice Denney Award for service to D.C. arts....
baha listening to Bieber's music, wbu?
Gm sexy x
It's the old "gay folks are just like you straights" line, which is maybe politically useful sometimes but is also pretty depressing.
amen!! I couldn't agree more.
It doesn't get any better that this ! It's P A S T R A M I Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
#20ThingsAboutMe 19. I was born in america but now I live in Ireland :D
chirp chirp!!
I hate when I'm on my phone for an hour then I look up and everything is blurry.
But in this case it's RIGHT THERE and you can't do anything about it... if I can't find a mall then at least there's no tempation
Welcome! :) As individuals, we tend to focus on the reward, rather than enjoying the journey.
I'll take what you guys dont want LOL!! Donations Please! aha : )
can you help me get 3 more followers?
I need The life aquatic with steve zissou ! On VHS or DVD , anything ! Love that movie
Class outside
thank you! ♥
I have had a 6 hour headache
Probably July
and get on facebook
hahaha see this is why you guys are awesome :)
:O QA: Airsoft Machine Gun Suggestions? assault rifle
im not saying now but maybe when they're older if they waant yaknow
dig it! great improvement :D
It just might work.
#Poker Quote : Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
if you decide to eat healthy, drink juice and be fit, people will find you more
I liked the halftime show, a lot!
First task of 2012, take down Christmas decorations.
Narcolepsy Diet Program – Foods That Heal And ... - Anyameten: Narcolepsy patients should be very careful about their diet program to...
is on the circuit promoting next film! What a great spirit & genuinely nice person. Where do u find energy after #RedTails?
So um I kinda sorta maybe fer'sure love my best friend in the entire world c:
Everybody bitchin about the game lol chill.
Kiss me in the rain...
Your shirt is looking very nice today ;-) Even though I can't see, every thing you wear is perfect on you! <AB
Mad respect for that! Well done!
Do u know something about Gio that we don't?
I'm so ready for 2012!!!
RT : Scientists measure the pleasure rewards of self-disclore, find similarities to pleasure from food, money,...
Downtown Stockholm is much colder than the castle. Quick, where can I get two gallons of Glögg, straws, tape, and a sturdy moose hat?
My dad's making me do a fitness thing or something omg. I think he's getting sick of rolling me to the fridge.
Let's look in on Yoko RT You will be surprised at the top-of-the-line inspiration that will keep coming to you from the Universe!
RT : So happy! My gorgeous and I got engaged on the beach by candlelit dinner. I'm the luckiest girl to be ma ...
but why now when my hunny is here???
Thanks! I will post again...soon. I promise!
Last night i wasn't allowed to have tres leche cake or ice cream cake cause i was drunk and im lactose intolerant -__-
Headed to campus for my weekly evaluation..
Miami Dolphins take relatively inexperienced quarterback Ryan Tannehill with No. 8 overall pick
#Wewantromo yes we do
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
yeah its you m...you taste real good lol
woohooo!! LOL! Time to get ur fly-girl on! And watch channel MJ ;)
dude I swear we shoulda, after that walk almost having a heat stroke, a small sign sayn "Reserved for Yamel & Jennifer only"
Hi gang. Just getting to the chat now. What did I miss??
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
I have got to stop sleeping until 1 in the afternoon.
The new Livestream products and partner products are intriguing. We just moved off LS at in the studio but there might be reasons to go back
doesn't get on a lot
"Don't mistake activity for achievement" -- John Wooden
I love how every ICONiac in Colorado are trying to figure out when the ICONic Boyz are arriving n im here in Hawaii n cant meet Madison :'(
MY MOM HAS FAKE BOOBS TOO.
very true
Happy St. Patrick's Day and happy home opener!
as usual the lighting in the Vera Project feels more like shooting in a cave then a rock venue. Great music, poor lighting.
Need to think outside of labor movement to win. None of us in movement will probably get top pick if we hope to win.
Tonight in Madison, WI at The Frequency. Show starts at 8pm! are on at 9 to melt your face
Just got a text from CSN. Dale Hunter isn't returning to coach the #Caps next year?
Wish I was there id love to meet you!!
I didn't even recognize you anymore.
happy new year Emily :)
I am official addicted to black tea with a mix of chai spices. YUM
Paul Pierce has the Slowest handle in the NBA!...but get buckets!!
This class flew by..
Thanks for sharing my article. Hope you enjoyed it. :D
What's really sad is that GA has only earned 3 of their points. KY gave them the other 16!! Same ol', same ol'!!
Watching some #Cardinals baseball is a good way to spend Easter :)
Consumers exposed to a brand's social media are 50% more likely to click on paid search ads. via
OK! I'm bumming around not studying for my last final so any time works.
aw geez, you couldn't resist posting that could you :)
What she meant was that women are fearful, intimidated. We need confidence in order to "sell ourselves" as scientists.
Sigh. Weekends are too short.
Watching always sunny in philadelphia and reading about chamber orchestras. Myself in a nutshell.
watch out or you'll be proffering your cheek for kisses soon.
Tonight! Tonight! Come ask us your questions about solar tonight. Clinton Firehouse 7:00.
Scott Baker will hopefully have a solid night, but with hime aside, our bats need to WAKE UP.
Did you see ep. 4 I think Im falling in love its so funny and awesome. I know that dramabeans is also recapping the episodes
Voted for Best Britsh Band! Good luck guys :D
That mini heart attack when that one song on your iPod is louder than the rest.
"you've got a Flat tire!"....APRIL FOOLS
Bottoms up!! Miss you guys. wish I could make it“: Reminder: DC press & pols AKA Hacks n Flacks, happy hour tonight
#SummerStories Long walks at night talking about old times 😌
I like to listen to music like Shania Twain while doing humdrum household chores, like vacuuming, dusting, or cleaning my gun.
that was it sorry I pressed the wrong button haha
Hold those you love very tight tonight and always let them know how much you love them. Damn, life is so fickle.
Avengers at IMAX will make you go cross eyed
the triple jump mark is bogus too. But I will check to make sure.
I don't think voters get (or care about) the DFL's attempt at *winning* the vote for the Vikings stadium.
NBA - Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni resigns
UCLA Chancellor Gene Block came from UVA, so this is not a surprise that UCLA is moving in the direction of UVA and UMICH!
do you have anything that you blackmail nick with? like a funny picture or something. lol
We had a cat who would never be in the same room with our baby...so we got a second, sweeter one.
is a great video, your mother must have liked much! :)
why does he have to be so cute..
where you live I'll be there in a heart beat<3
of course! (:
Financial statements and your credit reports are very important...
Thx for following
H.I.L.I ENT
Are you curious what your house could be worth in 6 months if the market stays on the same path? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2308
I've never heard anyone say anything good about godaddy or their commercials. I wonder how they're still around.
Lincecum looking for some get right...
Damn John Woo jumped on this reboot fast...I bet Nic Cage will have his face removed and doves will fly out of the Cabin door
Waking up is so hard to do
she doesn't have insurance
Thanks for following! I only hope I can live up to the expectations of The Drunk Diet!!!
ONE hour until our Twitter contest to give away two #Colts tickets to this Sunday's game! Go Colts!
