3 more Panto shows! It's kinda sad that the show closes tomorrow...
Add .. New music will be posted shortly!!!
typography blog
B sure to check out the Scholastic arts showcase 80 brilliant works by middle & high school students. I was impressed!
Penn State fires Head Coach Joe Paterno and School President Graham Spanier, effective immediately
We're so glad you enjoyed the luncheon! Thanks for your support!
Listening to Escape from New York OST & eating jellybeans
Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment.
nice abs. I had to click to get a closer look. lol
#RVA our #BlackHistoryMonth event begins in just 50 minutes! See you there!
Many happy returns of the day to you!
I could swing half the $190K. As long as I can sleep in it too... since I'd then be homeless.
Goodnight everyone! I hope you all had a Happy Easter :)
Come on ! Seal the deal!
I'm now working on twitter policy for our staff. On one hand you want "personality" on the other "professionalism" Tricky indeed!
Bring back Sebastian, and throw away the dreadlocks guy.(:
you are a true friend to be someone's #designateddrinker :-)
So is it a bad sign for my MBA SSD if my Trash can't be emptied after a few hours?
What happened to the hit list! First thing I look at everyday on IMDb.
omc I can't wait! RT- “: #BOYFRIEND on #BILLBOARDAWARDS is gonna be CRAZY!! #sunday”
Think i give a fuckkkk
i'm finishing up taxes and grad school apps before flying out to memphis on thursday. :( watchu seeing?
drinking black tea helps to lower your cholesterol!
Who the fuck is that retarded to take shots of something and be on a 500 calorie per day diet. Way to go retards
great game 2nite -- nice to see so many players LIGHT IT UP!
Follow and be followed, its the new wave.lol
Thanks so much! Glad you like the tune :)
We really enjoyed talking with you and appreciate all that you are doing!
Jeff from tmj4 is here teaching the campers about cameras and how to properly use them.
When people ask me over & over &over &over & over again why I'm so quiet < < < < < < < < How bout just leaving me alone ?
At this pace, I'll be on the frontpage of BeardPorn by the end of No Shave November... and look homeless
will be soon Andre, doesn't cost a lot to upgrade to 250, I,ve been here 13 months, just upgraded to 900.
Glad u liked the musical selection. RT Had the most amazing day ystrdy,dinner at Smiths,dancing at Beauty&Essex!
Thanks, Jeff!
I'm wondering the same thing myself
Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby - WTSP 10 News
Lol. So mean! : Oh, so you say the dress makes you look fat? Silly girl, the fat makes you look fat.”
Looking forward to the audition for the Paul Thomas Anderson film "The Master" this Tuesday! But can I handle the high n tight if I'm cast?
Who approved the $20million track renovation? All you need is a couple boxes of
I wish I could drop that class then my life would be so much easier but no I have to take it
We'll learn it at the same time. I'm a newbie.
There is a correlation between online chatter and TV ratings, according to Social is your responsibility...find your brand.
hell, EYE would go see a Holographic Luther
Are we hanging in DC this summer?
I'll agree w/that.
Open Mic night is lookin solid
RT : +1 MT : inspiring ideas, but we need to talk business model innovation too, if we want these in market.
I'm just one of those kids who always says they wanna go somewhere but never know where
Yes, of course I want to follow! Merry Christmas to you and your wonderful family......and of course to Mr Wonderful!
will do tonight, trying to pull an and finish my semester tonight/tomorrow morning
was absolutely dreadful.
yes sir, last thing I want to do, but i'll be there playing charades with the rest of the class. Are you?
ine, not a single India player set foot on the outfield to get loosened up for the re-start.
NOW CASTING Movie Extras, Actors and Models! Any Location. Up to $300/day. Call 800-605-7148 Reply STOP to Stop
selfishly I'm really glad you do :-)
where you at bro?
that's impressive, but what kind of doctor gives the ok to do that?
Would REALLY, REALLY love to see our CEO/Publisher Hope for Women Magazine get on the show
I'm pretty sure Spike thinks Reggie giving him the choke sign is a blessing in disguise, as Spike is immortalized in Garden history...
My song "Rockin` my baby to sleep" is at 13 radio stations ttrough out the world now!
With 30 min left til deadline, do u think Portland is done with the moves?
Us too! Sunbelt bars n a AriZona :) o yeah i like where this is going
Fornication is for the devil .. RT : why.?
John Endres, SJ & Edward Vacek, SJ (formerly ) here for lunch discussing the Book of Jubilees, "Orthokardia"
haha #YEE where are you from??
Don't laugh but i left it on pof.
looking forward to your show starting next week
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
Respect, Australia, well done, great test cricket
Too busy counting those millions! RT : Joe has zero hunger
Shawty where u at?
Suggs gone for the year, Vilma out for the year...please let Clay Matthews not be the third to go down.
Vision can become a motivating force so powerful that it, in effect, becomes the DNA of our lives.
Caramelized Brussel sprouts nice but not #BLT. Onion rings too greasy but the fries are to die for.
Id begin by kissing u up and down ur sexy body. That leads me to ur hard stiff nipples where they would b suckd and lickd
It's official! I'm in love with my gloves! First time wearing them this morning and I heart them!!!
Congratulations on the appointment of Chuck Musial as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
"What are you doing?" "Eating my feelings." Haha ;)
Good job Cardinal ... this time.
naturally! Thanks for your support as well.
Haha, well I wouldn't put it past me.
Took your webnar thru ALC. Thanks. Still struggling but...
It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number call me maybe...
Waiting for #AzizInIndy with and lucas
Slideshark app for iPad is fantastic for showing PowerPoint slides. Preserves animations, typefaces, really slick. Free today too.
Working out at the gym in hopes of avoiding feeling sad/upset about the #Packers not playing anymore, but its not working...nfl on every tv
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
hoagies, i think they use licios seeded rolls
You do the same!
Thanks for the RTs guys. Even with that new, still looks like a banner crop of 3yos.
Ever see the entire pool jumping and dancing and most ladies topless? Its a sight to see. Get down here! is killin it!
Famous artists whose latte art I'd love to see: Picasso, Dali, Pollock, Rembrandt.
At One Point, I Was The Sun..& She Became The Horizon
So thankful for an amazing mom!
My birthday is over...but, Happy Birthday to the most amazing man I know and love. Happy Birthday Danny! xoxo
The $ you put into a new car today will be worth what in 5-10 years. Took me a long time to realize it. But a running car is needed
Some who's who of human crapped hacked my Xbox Live account. To quote the guy in the Unforgivable videos: "Pissin Me Off!!!!"
Created a tool that links SLOs w assignments in your LMS w teacher view, student view and admin view, cool!
That's what you call playing lights-out for a period.
All the #QRCodes for the QR Code Challenge have been posted. Happy hunting, Class of 2016. Good luck!
you okay?
I won't let my best friend hurt
Yep... Produced KHQ Local News Today for 2 years out of college before heading to
I can't wait for the Oscars.
MARK YOUR CALENDARS! Friends of the PPL Book Sale is June 17th-19th @ Catherine McAuley. Sneak preview of books for members only on 6/16!
#magicbrownie get me feeling good as fuq
I finally had to break up with iCal. Mozilla's Sunbird is treating me so much better.
Yes sir! Love watching the Heat lose! Duke's Deng and Marquette's Butler getting it done!
Looking for a contract content strategist pronto! @ me if interested!
You guys have the power to help us get big and well known all you have to do is take a few min. and tell someone about us!
We concur! RT : Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
Where's the best place to eat dinner on a Monday night in #Milwaukee?
I love you Criss Angel!!! I want to meet you really badly... you are fucking AMAZING!!! <33333
Adidas makes some injury prone shoes D Rose and Dwight Howard out for the playoffs
amazingly i'm getting work done. i'd get more done if would text me back & stop pretending that she has a weekend.
I've been sitting in a chair for 5 hours...not a happy camper.
Save on average 30% or MORE on e-cig accessories at Gen. X Vapor check us out & see for yourself! WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM
Thank you for all the support. Tweets from
When slim comein to dallas
To end this busy day: Jamming and Editing photos!
HubSpot's State of Inbound Marketing Lead Generation webinar will answer these questions
I just saw a 55-ish, long-haired Nick Nolte lookalike driving a go-cart down the sidewalk.
Beez in the trap is an eh song but I'll listen to it.
special shout out Dr. Frankfurter....says Don't Dream It
love to meet up at some point today. Let me know what might work
Q5)It's a tougher question when SME's go rogue and release something without your knowledge. #chat2lrn argh!
finishing up my math homework. :( i hate school.
Hanging with The Alabama Shakes
America, the weak spot in the economy is the housing market. No $450 billion job plan needed. Ask me how www.bruzzesiforpres.com
hi, how are you?
I checked out ur music. Nice. Keep up the hard work.
Thx! Rates r considerably higher than Would a stay w/u be worth the xtra? Want best value 4 me & my readers.
Sunday is definitely my favorite day of the week. It always feels so lazy. Or maybe I'm just lazy.
You are welcome!
What are you most excited about?
Bros before Hoes, right?
The book's a huge 10. Movie, not quite as good (but a 7 or 8 still). Much better for girls than boys though.
went to the beach today and hung out with my cousins Alyssa and Ray... it was wicked fun playing in the ocean :)
No one wants to hear a slave hymn when theyre out drinking.
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Ask people what gender they are
jo no se!
Morning everyone.
Good luck, mama cita!
Someone needs to stop allowing Sandusky to speak. That man is more than full of it.
Just met the founder of Whole Foods. Starstruck.
u are in my dreams :)
Would you like to borrow my snorkel?
Good idea!
It Was A High Speed Chase Yo.. Mad Cops Out Here@
i hope you all are appreciating your mothers today :):) i'm so blessed and thankful for mine.
Little adventures with
when are you coming back? I'm doing good. Very busy. Thank god.
Testing the blackberry twitter so I can tweet from games this season!
Grouplove was a great opener. Now realize I know them from the Apple commercial.
When you are engulfed in flames.
I guess I should say thanks lol!
~of course they did. Roy will tell the #Blazers what he knows they want to hear, regardless if it's true or not.
Cuomo says he is exploring all options to get health care exchange. Ny state must pass have by early next year, or feds impose one
Java Training Bangalore|Java Tutorial Bangalore|Java Course ...
Marc Smith round up the boys from Bank of the Whites, if they want me, they have to dump big $$ in my campaign account. Aaron is scaring me
Getting to know about this twitter thing I've been hearing so much about.
please follow me follow me foollow me ♥♥
Always keep an open mind & a compassionate heart.~Phil Jackson
#shoutmeout Im tryin to get to your status lol
Well they're obviously barking up the wrong tree. I only have HP products here.
Bullshitting and wasting everybody's time
Why did leave last night
Turning the channel to Karate Kid on Starz only to find out it is the stupid new version with Will Smith's kid is so disappointing.
Loading up the truck, heading to a resort in Pigeon Forge. Bikes are on the trailer, & around 84 degrees there by Saturday. Smokies here ...
olay thanks:) and I will!:)
Is anyone going to the "Dog Days of Summer" Giants game on Saturday with their pet? If so, what costume will they be sporting? :-)
Was Sweet Lou the first batter in Royals history?
I have had the first edition for 1 year and it is still going strong, love the android phones
nothing wrong with a little "manual extraction!!"
A big shout out to Niles West! Have a safe Prom. Please pass on the word.
First raffle drawing in 10 minutes! Get your tickets now! 1-$5 or 5-$20
i dont deserve half the shit i go through.. i deserve to be happy.
Parked car illegally near Bar Tonique. City of New Orleans actually successfully gave parking ticket. So unexpectedly functional.
i try my best. ;) thanks, pretty lady!
Thanks for the #PreserveNYC Twitter love. What's your fave #NYC historic site?
Nope, SE Asia FAO. Good thing we're shifting focus to the Pacific.
I am crossing my fingers, hoping, wishing, praying for #Zach #Galifianakis to be in my beard book for cancer charites... Purdy Please !!!!!
the Clarion might as well not
Seek to understand long before you seek to be understood.
Amber! Please tweet me after your concert so I know you're still alive & sane?! =) hhaha, hope you're enjoying Chickenfoot!
if it's parked on a public street in the service area, no charge if you log out. If you reserve it, hourly w/ daily max
Our reporter is speaking to Jessica Lunsford's family right now - we'll have a live report at 5!
My friend Tom Barrett is in the recall race for governor of Wisc. Let's make it happen this time. He is good for education
I drove past a car engulfed in flames on my way home from Mother's Day lunch.
hi cathy, good morning to you
well, that class was hardly ever about speculative late-night host on Firefly star relationships...
Yay! Got a cheese head hat ready for ya Gannon!
I didn't know who Jeremy Lin was last week..I sure as hell do now..
Thanks for visiting us!
yes, lots more!! enjoy yourself :D
lmaoo yup I knew
I really want to use WebGL for a geovisualization project. It's a boon for developers who want to do intense visualization with JavaScript.
Injustice can be removed, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
what happened to the pod? 1/wk is not enough. Especially with NFL! Where is ?
Is there something we can help you with? Sorry for any issues!
was that u with you crying on.my..voicemail last night? Hahahahaha
I heart throw-back baseball unis
Anyone wanna webcam? I'm bored.
I'm sure that's right! I was just kidding around.
Classic shit is always made up north...no exception this time
wow, that's awesome!
tha taste is live
The only journey is the journey within ~ Rainer Maria Rilke
are you in Tennessee for business or just passing through?
you addicted to it yet?
sorry we missed you last week! We would love to have you for drinks soon! Call 312-739-3900 so we can help set something up!
Fina go home :]
One day you're gonna look back and say: "Damn that girl really did love me."
An army of deer would be more formidable commanded by a lion, than an army of lions commanded by a stag. Viking Proverb
When you swing thru Oregon in April Champ, I will buy you 5 more!
Catching up from the attitude adjustment. But it was worth it.
fried cabbage, hamburgers w/gravy & some rice
I think I need to poop
#NP Stairway To The Stars x Milt Jackson & John Coltrane
Thanks for the #MM mention shipmate!
Cats tonight with my loser%%
a whole bunch of boys tried to jump me cause I beat up his sister and then my dog ate their cat & the boys shot my neighbors..ect
Wow what a busy day. I've been marketing on the computer all day. TJ
Going to the Hospital.. Apparently Angel's Bump on his forehead keeps on growing :/
And on the Noir side-Ralph Meeker.
Thats a lie
I hear ya. I need to start training for a tough mudder.
That akward moment web you tell you waitress your a prostitute
I am operating with terrifying efficiency this morning.
We're talking funny again! Show taping with Raven's dad, Second City and more on Friday at 6pm. Tix in JH 104!
Thanks for all the kind words on 'Boudoir', it means so much!
How did I just notice this?? Great seeing you Saturday, come back to Madison more often!
Rep. Steve King hasnt endorsed a candidate. But I hereby endorse !
R.I.P. Dick Clark..... It doesn't feel right w/o hearing ur voice on New Years Eve.
Let's say a little Prayer for Bobbi Kristina Brown, & Cissy Houston tonight.
a lot of people think its good idea 2 date ex gf, then end up regretting it big time. bruce weber = salukis ex gf. don't do it!
would like to know how many cheer leaders can you chainsaw after drinking two redbulls
Great call, Ben. I had 2 servings in honor of you and your team! “: huge fan of their lamb chops”
The new merchandise, hats, shirts, etc is lookin so cool
haha thank you!!! :)
it's a fun time, but there are very few jobs available.
Green. Contemporary. Flexible. [the three core principles of Florense]
OMG NEW MOON PREMIER TODAY AH!!!!! BUT WAIT THE MOVIE DOESNT COME TILL FRI WTF IS UP WIT DAT??? O WELL I STILL GET TO SEE IT!!!!!!
Top 25 newspapers down an average of 10% in circulation. CNN now last in cable news and Forbes cuts staff. A changed landscape.
Not yet but I wud luv 2. D u have it on YouTube o do u hav a Website where I can go listen 2 it?
Who can top panda cam on the big screens this week?
9/11 Takes Centerstage in CSI: NY Season 8 (Starmometer) Share With Friends: | | Top News - Celebrities News , News Feeds and News via F
Drivin' Through my town like i dont know the speed
I need some tea.
it's official, RGIII a 'skin.
1st time your child is sick--really adult sick--is a miserable time.
I want some yum!'
how did you come up with the name Kimble? is he an official member of the household yet? (pics so cute btw)
The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do. - Thomas Edison
Made An New ICONic Buddy (: Follow Her ! (:
Stop making me buy every nail polish you use!!
You mean so much to me, yet I mean nothing to you
Q2: Chicken Soup
If you're going to San Antonio in Oct for #mgma12, be sure to visit the booth,
in two years i will reach a major age milestone. scary -yes. wonderful -yes. so much to do before i leave.
mufuckaz dm'n me bout my background ima tell u like dis if u dnt kno who dat man is u dnt deserve to b black
Trip killer!!!!!
Happy May Day! So was Diane Keaton stoned out of her mind on Colbert or is she just that strange?
Great!! Thanks!
Need supplies for the field day? Already got a parachute, kickballs, chalk, couple big ropes & hula hoops.
and teachers and ...
so is your mom o
The day after my home date <3
good luck.. get a 300!!
Gotta finish wrapping Gia's gifts. Letting her open them at midnight.
woww i almost forgot it was my #birthday. 89 facebook notifications later...
i miss you to babes <3
I wore out that many pairs of underwear by 16
embrace the cold!
#nowplaying First Dance :D
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
take what you think it will cost and it is always more than that :)
Saturday is a rugby day. First match of the season in Lincoln Park!!
I've been getting up at 5!!
Me too! </3 do u have skype?
Ugh nasty ass tv dinner
thank you beauty:-)
The song "honeybee" makes me nauseous
What adult acting classes would you like to see at SCT?
Getting the full Allegiant Air experience?
If you'r down.. Don't be , you have you'r fans, exspecally me.. I'll be here for you through everything. <3 loveyouboyfriend(:
cute bags from local L.A. handbag designer....
guess what. it's hump day. #humpday, and know what I'm gonna do? I'm going to drink some scotch
#ThingsYouWontHearLeBronSay My hair is luxurious
No spoilers! We haven't watched it yet. :)
#immvt (literally) taught me it's possible to have for too much group processing. Need to build in solo reflection time
Caps!!!!! I hate the bruins so much.
The annual Camai Dance Festival is less than two weeks away! Please message me for an application to run in the Miss Camai Pageant!
WH2U next Friday, new favorite.
someone msg me
Patience? "Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith." -Adel Bestavros (via )
Thanks for the mention, guys!
Your wish is my command. (Huh, maybe I'm a genie in FairytaleLand...)
lol graduate swag
RT - Mid-Season prediction: The Chicago White Sox will win the AL Central, not the Detroit Tigers or Cleveland Indians
it's an okay amount but idk it's up to you lol
Feeling wonderful but very much missing my girl danny. :( I love you and am praying for you.
Deja vu all over again. RT : Hamilton just opened Game 2 with a two-run homer by the flag court. Might have hit Eutaw Street.
Avenged sevenfold(:
more noted herb that is not horb lol
Contacts are clean. I have < 60
It'd be cool if I could find someone who loved me half as much as my dog does.. Lol
I want to buy from your website and I don't see how to add to shopping cart. Pls Help!!
Awesome! Looking forward to meeting the team.
we gamboooled. Eric Liu played and we got the blind 48 going. I stacked some nits. Good times.
Don't be mad at Lebron cause he selling the calls
Underground kings.<3
your welcome:D
RT : #MKETweeps - Filming for "Best Places I've Ever Been" for Travel Channel confirmed for SUNDAY 1230pm (Pls RT)
24,659 announced attendance on a Tuesday night at
Helluva finish at Madison Square Garden!!!
I will try to find out ahead of time and let you know.
I'm gonna go outside and get some work done. Oh look it's raining. Hello Dr. Oz.
who names their son Guy?
The team gettin bigger everyday 5 A1 females so far and more on the way
my privilege -
RT: Oh holla! NPR dude just said is his favorite bar. :)
Watching Haters
definitely can't do it this morning!
hi hater!
Tonic is Rockin
Getting off here because I'm getting pissed. aslkfjsa;ldkf
Tired and hungry boo
Fact: San Diego zoo deals with 8000 lbs of poop a day.
Thanks Mandy, I'm writing a blog about Australia this weekend so this helps!
Join us for 1/2 price tonight and tomorrow.Please mention "Happy New Year" to your server!
Tell them to have me! I would KILL to be there!!!!
great panel! What you said about working the game around "the good ole' boys" really resonated with me! But...
I know! Looks like we'll have to settle for something cheap...like crack
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a 10k! What gets your butt off the couch?
good morning and can't wait to hear the news :)
Cookie was probably one of them
hope you follow #yee Today is W.A.O.U.W.S.O.H.A.H.I. Stands 4.. Watch Austin On Ustream While Smileing Of How Amazing He Is
Is that too much? How about black licorice flavor? Nobody likes black licorice!
Coldplay to Live Stream Free Concert on YouTube
east coast representt
Sheena has been jailed :( Can you spread the word this is my jail account bb?
Shopping trip with mom to Chattanooga. Much needed 😊
this is so precious! makes me smile so big! she's gorgeous! made my heart melt! x
Going to the dentist<<<<<
hey what's cooking good lookin :)
Kicking off my Friday with my sis with lots of fresh sashimi. How are you relaxing tonight?
That's great to hear guys. Keep up the great work!
you club head
well hi to you! We met at WestLawNext! Donna Tuke / Ed, Legal Info Alert
If you don't ever take the chance you'll never know the outcome
Shorty swing my way
so happy i have a four day weekend and i dont have school on my birthday :D
Finally got the pic post!!!
That last tweet is from the iPhone game I designed, upcoming for iOS and Kindle Fire! Share if you like. We are beta testing now!
Do you have a 504 plan?
tell her to contact me on twitter . Were neighbors and I need to borrow some kool aid
Good morning tweeps!!!
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are yoi waiting for
Congrats to the two seniors on their impending graduation...and to their proud parents! Very exciting!
Retweet if you love your momma! ❤
Dropbox it to us at the link from which you replied, or email
#NW Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 on DVR. Love it!
Have you done the Scrivener tutorial? It does help. It's not the most intuitive system, but it gets easier as you play with it.
RT If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. great stuff man
Congrats to my BFF for getting into the Speech Program at Texas Tech!
What kind of a Big East final is Cincinnati v. Louisville?
I say that about coffee and movies!
Just one more day then start my 4 day weekend
RT : How would a debt ceiling 2.0 fight go down? #lastword //2 words: Pitchforks, torches.
Sol and Sam said hi :) I'm with them right.
Seriously. Get yourselves here. You'll regret missing it. And I'll reduce the price ;)
using smart content rendering on site to show folks relevant content, and hooks to keep visitors coming back..
lol he must have appreciate the support
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Nurse that big weekend hangover with some of the best breakfast around. We're ready for you with a cup o' coffee and a fresh OJ in hand!
Big day! Getting a new do! The extensions are out. The ponytail is wacked. Now color!
so upset about our atlanta thrashers being selled to winnipeg
You're very welcome - it was great!
But what if the person yu cool with starts developing feelings for you, then what?
nvm i already talked 2 u
that's all they're talking about on sports center too
Fina posts for Tuesday has 3 co.hoops consensus and 1 NBA from 144 cappers plays (NBA on Den Nuggets) View all FREE..see ya at the window
"I put so many people in weird things." -Kendra Rai of
Doing my good deed tomorrow !!
Hey michael, got permission to do the mall project. Should be starting it soon! Will keep you in the loop with progress!
RT : So does there remain any question about Jefferson's paternity & Sally's children?
Obsessed with this food!! M Mac n cheese, rice pilaf, shrimp & so much more. Loving...
no problem!
Home alone on a Saturday night working on a project and The Notebook comes on... Could this be any more cliche?
"For long-term weight loss, you need to have social support"
Beauty is about living your life & being happy with yourself inside & out & not worrying about what people think of you.
I feel bad for my cousin.i never seen this mane down in his entire life.some people can really be selfish.
this girl is going shopping tomorrow
Ill call it fucking sick.
random ass tweet what up ghost?
Great #audition yesterday! A few more coming up and some other great things developing!
I think it means you've picked who you want to win.
Thank you for making #Portland everything it is!
got the song "BULLY" stuck in my head... Thanks y'all...
It's because of the lockout!!! Oh wait....
good-bye summer!!
... D Wade & LeBron, it is officially time to do your Batman & Robin thing!
Really wants to go see in a couple of weeks! Anyone fancy a trip to vegas?!
#Portland artists: Do you have a project you're looking to promote? Let us know & we'll pass it on!
Off twitter for today big day. party on Tuesday!!!!!
I can see him loving the stage;)
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my family
glad u like em
it's ok! You can still be a #cupcakemonster with me! And who shows up to a party on time anyway? ;)
About to nom on anything I have in the apartment.
Dude RIP Carroll Shelby
Girl you play too many games smh just keep it 100 and everything will be good...
thanks for skyping into paul orselli's exhibit design excited to bounce around ideas with your this week at aam
what's wrong? :/
Done with school.. its so stressful..
Thank you thank you! RT :
Congrats to Tmac on a job well done. Enjoy the new iPad. NewPage rules!
Big window cleaning day tomorrow. Should be lots of fun.
I would love to! Unfortunately THAT'S not happening today... maybe tomorrow - on the beach!
Check out this AWESOME video introducing the Harrington School of Communication and Media made by a graduate of the Film/Media Program...
Uthoff appealed 3 of those 4 schools in visiting with Associate AD Justin Doherty and Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thurs. morning.
Today is the 1st aniversary of Willy West! Congrats!
get Pujols get Fisher. Good sports month for me!!
I've never witnessed someone that desperate to be "cool"
Our new DJ starts today from 5-9p ET & Mixology LIVE begins 10pm-12am. letsYOU vote on the song list LIVE!
Taking my hair from a level 1 to a level 4! I'm scared ..which is crazy because I'm a hair stylist .. I just hope the color fits me
hahaha! Glad you enjoyed that! Its still up there day later!
New building already has its twitter feed. Welcome and thank you. Our long municipal nightmare is over. :)
I must say this Buffalo chicken dip is on 11 #superbowl snack
tg I was like WHAT
Ronaldo bags! No celebration... Gotta just drive those barca players nuts!!!!
Talent is God-given: be humble.Fame is man-given: be thankful.Conceit is self-given: be careful.
Happy New Year from the Music & Arts Library - may your 2012 be filled with good music! (and, don't forget, a lot of it is on our shelves!)
Watching excellent PLO vids cracking up over this commentary vs h 'have nut blocker gonna go crazy and see what happens'
Well yeah!
The open source JavaScript library Globalize provides an easy way of providing properly formatted dates for different languages.
How is Marty Brodeur still this good?
I'm following!! follow back Christina! Much luv!
Nothing comes easy. You have to work for anything you want. You have to work real hard.
Hey there Nothing is cancelled! #TasteofDC is going to be awesome! More information is coming soon!
What did everyone think of the Bassmaster Classic this year? How did you like espn's coverage?
Living life with no regrets
Fuller says four hospitality jobs are needed to spur as much economic impact as one white-collar job.
I like that there were two future governors in that film.
Aaron Rodgers dodged the Madden curse. Democracy works!!! :p
if you like that you don't have to pay to get into #BASHH, be sure to say thanks to this month!
kendall and kylie were in this too O.o whose the brand ambassador?
ughh.. see our previous tweets.. I mistyped word. I meant useless not unless
And I can't hold back all these Haitian niggas.
- you had to like his heated debates with NFL players when the bounty story broke.
2. Put ppl in right seats on ur bus #ASTD2012 Collins
we live you korey!(:
My dad got me a dark blue aeropostale pullever! :) love u dadd
I so want an airship, and a rat tail, in that order!
That's a really long blog title, I don't know, man.
I know that I have been successful as a Baltimorean because now I am being followed by
I really want to see The Dictator or whatever it's called. It looks so funny!
If your ump's strike zone is smaller than his butt hole, you have
they should! This one was actually 11ft but we had to knock off a foot in order to reach the top. Also cost a whopping $17.
Golf is my new therapy!
just preordered "Through Sin + Self-Destrucution"
More snow and ice? Enough already. I'm so in need of sand and sun.
I'm right there with you Jay..it's ay-pri-cot. I should be right cause I work at a grocery store? Lol maybe it's a coast thing? 
I believe you're right!!!!
HUGE NEWS! Everglenn will be opening up for States! (4/5 of Copeland, mindy white from lydia's new band!) OCT 13 at The Door Dallas!
BB guns are illegal in the city right?
Of more concern was 's reasoning: "we’ve got a lot of Republican backing..." What does he mean by "backing"
Janice play too much yo lol
AWESOME!! :) Keep it going so Maci can meet JB :D
Some wonderful people to follow
Was talking to a Master's student at our department from Libya who lost his brother in recent domestic war last ear. Sigh ...
Decided to check out and I'm addicted. Great app. Great service.
Cataloger flame wars are politely boring.
From last night --- Reporter: "Can you cover them (the Thunder)? Kobe: "No."
so bored..
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.
ok baby(;
Good question! I'm trying to leave Wal-Mart out of my response.
consultant to Savings,
New Brewers theme song: Suicide Squeezing is Painless
I hope everyone has a blessed day! Live life to the fullest and walk in purpose!
But I just had work done. Their HUGE now! :)
#BounceThatAss For a tramp stamp
thank u Andrea =]
There waz a fake she waz tryin to be z but she only had 87 followers!:(
Well, I am going to watch SC2 till morning. Homestory Cup > School.
I didn't realize there was a proposition to vote on.
i'm so with you on this one...
veggie beef or chicken. We have you covered!
we r all over the place w/prog. concepts- doing some w/ipad android apps in a math elective-need to figure out what makes sense
Wine time with !!
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it
Nothin like a glass of chocolate milk in the morning
Not sure I get that approach for Romney. Seems to be re-packaging his positions on grounds that are pretty favorable for Obama.
What is better than Living Your Dreams? My Wife Michelle is doing just that, no not being my Wife LOL but doing the business that she lov
Testing integration again. Hopefully still works!
ok, maybe somebody changed the station. too busy to check kexp.org or get up to see what the radio is set to. brain a leetle fried...
Thanks Robin! All the best people have birthdays in November, right?!
You are bizarre. Funny, but bizarre.
O. I wanna read it when you're done.
Anyone with a spare bed/room tonite in Berlin?
ok thanks! Smooches!
I wish I had more interesting things to tweet about lately. But really this tiredness is overwhelming every other possible thought/feeling.
Happy Masters' Sunday!
Starting my Monday off GREAT with the
Shine the spotlight on you and your stupid ideas :)
spot em up smith starting ish on twitter ayy
#UX #social #design All social apps are coded but only part of the mechanisms that ensue success are encoded in the technology platform.
agree, it is a lil creepy!
Is the Zakk abd Jack show still on? Have not heard it in Wichita for a while.
Want more energy? Focus? To be doing the things you want to do? Are you tired? Wanting more out of life? My next FREE talk is for you. Easy.
EXTREMELY influential especially to the entire whole "mafioso" rap movement (meaning talking about intelligent crimes, not just stick ups)
Wow its early
Getting up at 3am to go see the sunrise from a volcano tomorrow. Not sure how to feel. (right now it's 8:20)
no doubt, man. Keep at it.
"Things worth having are worth waiting for."
I'm such a baby when I'm sick 😷 😊
Denver East moving on after a 15-12 win over Chaparral in the second round of the girls lax playoffs.
SO sad. : BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48
I like Sobe's sponsorship of the SI Swimsuit app and use of Kate Upton creative. You think they new she was cover model before this week?
So You Movin Huh.?? M Ok
it would be an honor if was following me
Yes everyday. It has saved me...thanks for the great show!
Derrick Rose....ah random
KBPS.TV is now on an aggressive programming scout hunt. Join now http:// KBPS.TV
Caught GI Joe with Fidah and Nina at The Cathay. Intense and a not-bad movie. 3 out of 5 stars from me
Love the calling out of Clear Channel by name in The Thank You Economy audiobook 04:06:47
Ditto!!! Thx 4 introducing the art of nonconformity! RT : thanks for coming to Miami to inspire us!
i feel like it's my brother's life goal to make me wanna jump off a cliff. -.-
time to eat some lunch :-)
Birthday next Sunday ; (:
did you know?The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
make sure you have some cheese with that, just not too much lol
Giving this Twitter thing another shot!?
I sent you an email last week regarding my project for class. Let me know if you got it! Thanks!
We just lost the greatest visionary of this century. With no one to carry the torch.
We Love One Direction #2 trend :P We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction :D <3
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Brian tells me you are IN for that career day! Many thanks!
NEVER wear the autographed jersey! Not enough characters in twitter to rant on that enough!
We Need To Talk ASAP Memphis Bussiness
"Studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes." - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
they did for the windham game to.
Bad Hair Day.
RT i see my Grip team, done wraped up another one. The Diamond interview. Good job , Much love Diamond
yeah :P
well of course he can pull it off. The #Guru is the one who invented class.
me too
Sit back and watch me prove you wrong.
"fortunately" that study is for undergrads; the #mcdm trends much higher in post-graduation employment success! Sobering still.
PC by implication is things done only to cater to a constituency w/o regard for substance yeh?
and #Amtrak is moving. An hr 15 delayed but we're a go. #megabus still sucks
Great to see you too. Hope you had fun even though weather was death. And of course, I love !
This dude almost hit me, I look over and he's asleep. He jerked up, waved and mouthed sorry. Dude prevention is better than cure. Pull over.
Night night twitter:) sweet dreams:):)
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
well I was raised in California we have no shame
I'm in the fast lane my tires damn near burnt out
i always get small pimples right before mother nature gives me her gift, augh
Lin and Tebow in the same city? New York just got a lot whole lot nicer.
Might i say that Swagger looks like Alternate 1985 Biff tonight
Hai guys :D
So my husband just set up my profile...he got me into this, so IDK what I am supposed to do on twitter
loved the #oprah and #ladygaga interview on last night...powerful women making a difference in the world :)
I'm equally frustrated when people comment on news stories as fact before validating.
Co-write #2 today w/ & ... rockin' in the #airstream!
It's Sunday, so I had a delicious cupcake. Ok, 2.
I draw the line at writing my own card :)
tell me about it, I have heard I need to get used to early hours for this whole baby thing.
I've been #TeamSingle for to long, im just waiting for someone to offer me tht long term contract.
Today really has been a good day I must say
I'm going just to see you! 8.03.12!!!! :* Love you and God bless you! :) #messenger #ColtonDixonIsOurIdol #backstage #cantwait !
At the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. A must see, Cher's 70s Bob Mackie dress and Lady Gaga's meat dress in Women Who Rock exhibit.
What a great idea!! ;) I agree whole-heartedly.
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Jabawockeez. No one will ever be as sick as them.<3
And by tennis lesson I mean Walking Dead marathon.
Hey Matt, Want to plan a 24 hour Hangout for Earth Day next month? Great visiting your school, meeting colleagues!
Just because I love you.
late July
That's awesome. Mandarin too, learning Spanish.
Ladies that were scheduled for the photo shoot at daytona beach today hit me asap shoots been moved to a new location.
What are the most important lessons you've learned, and how did you learn them? Mistakes are for learning. Misdeeds are for consequences.
come to Texas and we'll make that dream a reality!
My dog farted in my room. I fucking hate you
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there.
MT : Hanging out at a talk w/ at Google talk on credibility on the web.
#Photoshoot in Connecticut its freezing!
But you always win.....yourself.
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Thnx[:
Well after getting offstage I was gonna head to magnolia motor lounge to the Texas rangers victory party .... Hm.
Let me clarify. Often I feel training does not encourage or help facilitate actual learning. When I think of CPD, I think of ppl
Opting for in-cabin dining tonight...think I'll be taking the roast chicken, baked potato and pecan pie, thankyouverymuch.
Restart it & keep pressing F8 & see if a screen pops up. If it does see if you can go into safe mode & do a system restore on it
Please! Make this twitter know i talk about famous persons, his/her style, personality, love... RT this RT RT ;)
And I need gas..... #GotMyAss lol
Well there you go ! And yeah right, half the girls can't even hit the ball !
You will. It always happens. One way or another.
Whitney Houston died????
Remember when hundreds of people chanted "Abolish the Board of Trustees!" on #N28?
School is as !
"If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - Carl Sagan
I just joined a community on named ADULTTALK
Fixed. "Incredible, austere collection of teas from small remote privately owned Asian growers."
Happy Monday! I was so glad to wake up to some sunlight this morning!!
#GoTribe Go Tribe! 2 of 3 from Texas and that line up...nice
Thanks a lot to for having me on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some #Caps today
Had a good talk with today. Love you!
saw it already ....I'm in tba mid west ...real shit#
My Godparents Needa Hurry Up
We have a fight.
It was very fun. Surprisingly great, actually.
I'm in the mood today!!! It's friday, feeling good feeling great...It's my world so im bout to do what I want....Anybody wana join?!?!?!?
it will be ONE year since I met u in Orlando @ ur bus on May 3rd
well im gettin it in hoe
Elgin developing a definition, and goals, for business growth ELGIN — The City Council will consider in the next month or so m
History channel is bordering unwatchable.
Kiwi == Pizza ...nice game
how many times can I say "ew" in 140 characters?
The Terrell Moore Gallery (1221 S Hope) has new paintings by Terrel Moore & new sculptures by Ismael Cazarez until 10pm
better at what..?
Did you get nervous before games in the tournament? If so how did you handle it? Do you get more nervous as a fan?
Business meetings today as we prepare to launch the most advanced green power solution ever conceived using waste and emissions as fuel.
Can't go to sleep.
I see the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat fuck Kentucky
Oh no. Feel better, !
Prosecutor Charles Rich is 1st to address jury. Urges group to find Julie Bronson's Mercedes have been used as a deadly weapon.
Hate when people play with my heart...:( emotion or,feelings
Wide awake
I'm so glad people cannot read my mind.
Correction- I think its tonight!
I think imma let my ears shrink up a bit. Go down a size or 2.
That reminds me... GO EASTON!!!!!! RT : Never buying waterproof mascara evererrrrrrr again
As soon as I find a scholarship and/or sponsor it's done!
So you're back on Tumblr. When did this happen?!
Hell yeah
They came. They played. They won!!! #GNG baby #GRIZZNATION Grizz-freakin-nation!!! Welcome back TA!!! Miss ya guy!
i've literally been reading 's timeline for the past 2+ hours.. and watching vogueing videos on youtube *shrug*.
Shoutout to for being my thousandth follower ( :
Yeah ads all over Fox unfortunately. It's a "joke" but it's dark if you know about it.
can't cuz I still have school after that and graduation..I'll talk to tahir and figure out a good..
Am now officially Lori Birrell- back home after the wedding weekend!
whatever happened to roller skating? That could be a kewel thing to do on a Saturday night
Lets get it Magic
At Mac miller it's getting nuts
I'd go crazy with boredom, although if I was allowed to read...
Wishing you the best honeymoon. Have a blast (& some #Chockits) Can't wait to hear your Big Five!!!
Oh shit this rain is freezing!
I don't mind some of them it's the ones that have never left the state of MD and just love the Yankees.
I am seriously obsessed with Somebody That I Used To Know
Followed the list! Thanks!
Quite an enjoyable time lounging w and Ike the Terrier at the DuPont Market... Now off to beer fun!
LegalShield - Identity Theft Shield can protect you against Identity Thieves. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
yo here is a follow
Heading to Heat Game. Got suite tickets! Taking my mother & out of the kindness of my heart, my step dad who I despise!
In the Disneyland episode of George Lopez, did anyone else notice there's a bunch of hidden Mickey heads?
That's because Eleven is ALWAYS kickin' RT I love piano bar. Haven't been far too long though.
Had a dream last night we won 3-0. Even weirder, wait for it...mikel scored!.
Monday, collecting all the work that you thrown out at weekends. Jusy like the poor homeless guy finding his breakfast on the trash
follow us Dave <333
Which one are you going to come to?
": No one can shake their ass better than me."
why ur not gay?
well just remember who you have a date with tomorrow night, Messner can watch if he wants.
#saicSATS Erin Gee speaking
lmao I wish
:-) thats what i like to hear
ye ye Fire!!...when u have the munchies!! lmao
Iowa State must defeat the Iowa High School champions of the previous year to qualify for #big12 play.
S/o to my new follower
#lies !!! “: Next time i see you im gonna act like i dont know you”
I remembered to bring my fingerless gloves today! It's still super cold in here!
A pint of Pumpkin Porter for only $4.75
Thanks, Julia! Glad to help out #DIC. :)
Big congrats to my awesome partner in life and biz who was just named NAEA Museum Educator of the Year for the Western Division.
no doubt!! Don't be a stranger this summer! :)
I'm not afraid to try again. I'm just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason..
Story ledes -- you elude me today.
Hahaha, thank you! :D You can borrow them if you want ;)
Phx is totally dominating Nashville
Checking out , looking for an invite.
Desire to win hasn't gone from Oilers, Avalanche
I think reading the emails were funnier, but the "they owe us like 5mil because i dunked on them in heels" was good
happy birthday!! :)
#PrettyLittleLiars so excited!!
That really means a lot! After 8 years, I suppose it's overdue. Lol. And I LOVE that you listen!!
Friday fishing! Hoping the weather works out!
RT“: #Cancer is the best friend you can have.. when your down they will do all they can to make you happy again”
girls with bangs and layers >>>
Ryan Braun is the baby bear slayer
Damn. I need a publicized blog Or writer to write or blog about my music. That would be perfect
Breaking News: It's blazing hot in Mississippi!!!!
yeah by the slides Thts good Wth me
I'm going to be on Pit Boss tv show. The crew filmed me when I was helping out giving food to the dogs. U might see me on tv when it airs.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
I'm wandering into the nude wing!!! says Googlicious Stef
Great being connected with you. Would like to talk about social media sometime.
(Haven't been tweeting much; but I am still in here.)
& watch in Scorcese's King of Comedy. Brilliant & so cray!
anytime in LA good. But the traffic. Oy. Good delis too!
Very exciting! Do you know if the museum covers the history of Navy divers in Brooklyn?
RT : Its to hot for clothes.
finally off!
they are awesome boots!!!!
At my school you can't wear leggings under skirts. They will let you wear a mini skirt with a thong but not a skirt with leggings under them
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 19
Good Morning Chad!
Talk is CHEAP
Thanks for attending the talk :-)
Hey PJ, I sent an email to your gmail account. Plz check and hit me back! Thanks.
I starting to love One Direction <3 The guys are so cute... especially Harry ;) teeeheeeeee <3333
I will pass this on (I'm not totally sure how they're stored). Thanks for the comment Zac!
Did your time just change? We did ours a few weeks ago.
Ginger Village People cop.
Out of orlando florida but we promote bands everywhere.
please don't go!<3 this is just for awhile right?!...
Kind of waiting to take pictures after I'm unpacked. New desk doesn't come in till May 3, so I'm living out of boxes till then.
thanks bud! fuckin every site was stalling.finally got one working now..
A...all of them?? RT DO ALL THE THINGS.
Windsor is actually better than I expected
We'll have the updated file labeled 'final-new' so you know which one to use.
love my single life...... KIMMY MAC BABY! lol jk
the bow-tie is a dead giveaway no thug would wear something so delicious! :)
Thanks to the complete absence of students at my office hour this afternoon, I'm now at Inbox Forty-Two.
For fucks sake...
#YouCuteAndAllBut I just want sex.
Well Hooters will be packed tonight!! There's a lot of Spurs fan in Mexico city!! Lol
That annoying moment when you get a package that says easy open and you need scissors , a knife , a gun and a life saber to open it
Oh ok. Gotcha. Have a cousin that lives there. Would be weird if y'all were roomates 0_o LOL
. created Noredink, a tool for teaching kids grammar using the pop culture around them that they already love. #technori AWESOME.
They need to get an indoor practice field before they start thinking about a TV network.
Listen to Chelsea! MT It's #GreenWeek so follow for tips & info in preparation for #EarthDay!
Need some inspiration? Check out these
Cheers to Jason Varitek for a great career.
My Twitter on my BB is Not working right. I will try to get on when it decides 2 work!
#weirdthingaboutme I like the butt of the bread lol
We still got a 4th qtr to play lmao
I tweeted twice today. And i've been texting ppl so idk what you're talking about. And busy cause there's so much work.
and was finished with my food anyway, but if they said what I wanted the to say, and u could obviously know what I mean-
Hey, do you have any suggestions for books for engaged couples?
Whatever!!! You told me about this!
hahaha I have nothing to do all day. I'm going to die, or kill everyone.
that's tru
#Mississippi Bitch if u really want sum
“: Can't wait to see lots of guy's baskets tonite at ! Victor Hotel, that's the place to be tonite!”
Mac is pulling ahead in the PC vs Mac donation fish bowls at the registration table. Stop by and cast your vote ($$$).
duh he sucks try trading him soon
hahaha definitely NOT something you wanna put on your face...
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned."
Im not tired rite now thats wassup
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
RT : 52% of Mississippi voters believe Obama is a Muslim
I've heard West Michigan is REALLY closed-minded about some stuff. I grew up in L.A. so that trips me out.
Happy Early Birthday!!
we are! Congratulations (this is totally resume-worthy)
Seriously, #Vegas, GET OFF YOUR PHONES (don't act like you're not still using them), and stop hitting pedestrians. Two kids within an hour!
Jim Rohn: You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Happy St. Patrick's day! Happy hour 2-7pm with a fun wine tasting all day. Live music Tini Grey kicks off at 7:30pm
What romantic activities do you like in Louisville? Tweet us at
My dog follows me around everyyywheree <3
Who is looking for a low priced poker table or chip set?? Go to www.eproducts4less.biz
« Downtown doesn't even look like Kansas City...»
Saturdays are for yard work and napping.
Wondering if this thing is taking over facebook. I need a site that finds me a wedding dress. Is there one?
Oak ridge here i come!
started collecting my pics for my project i got some good shit
Had fun with Jenny ;D
rt I love cinco de mayo. my feelings are mixed about seis de mayo.
Daniel Descalso reminds me of Seattle.
Some ideas: Amsterdam Falafelshop. Matchbox. Ben's. Zorba's. Hawk 'n' Dove. 2 Amys (I hate it b/c it's always loaded with kids!)
I was also surprised that I liked her as a brunette - the dark hair brought out her eyes.
so whats the deal with this Instagram thing...
The stop at Luai's was great. We had sandwiches, coffee and crashed in the basement. Not much sleep but some rest. He has a huge cat.
Got a wellness question you’d like us to answer on our blog? Let us know and we’ll feature it in an upcoming post.
"It matters that progressives hold law-enforcement positions..Mirkarimi has potential to emerge as a national leader.." bit.ly/u4x4Cy
Tim, it's my job...lol. But you got this though!!!!
I'm back!
Looks like Ticket Reservation is back up and running. Go ahead and reserve tickets for Sunday's match vs DCU (Handball United)!
Please tell me you all are going to continue the Skyrim shorts! Even if Chavez is too traumatized to continue.
I'm not afraid of the #unknown.. It's like my second address!
Still at the studio. wont be done till like 6ish.
Woo!!! That's great news, congratulations!
I did that today for like 30 seconds until I realized my error. Ugh.
That's gonna be on the top 10 !
.How do I know Ive become #meowmom?Going to the bathroom becomes a parade & b4 Iv even addressed the seat-3 faces just waiting for my feet
Thanks for the #ff mention, that was really nice!
At ComicBug with : )
Go see John Bellows at Roxaboxen tonight! Shit, I don't even know the address. Ask a mug. This phone sucks.
we all need reminders lol
I KNOW, RIGHT? RT that shizz, I want to take notice.
finally :D
I never wanna hear the word Boston again.
Tell Me You Love Me, Come Back And Haunt Me, When I Rush To The Start - The Scientist (Coldplay)
Who's in the mood for a wild rumpus?
Sunday coffee and Serie A. Go Bologna!
check out my youtube channel :)
The cure to boredom: vromans bookstore. (for now).
Just signed my lease!!!!! I couldn't be happier:)
RT“: Hearing Mayor Hawthorne's music play on a tv show is lovely”. Which show!
I think I get more sleep on the desks at school than in my bed.
Overrated! Over.....rated!!!
like 20 mins away, i'd say! I go there a lot too!
my day was pretty chill actually, and yours?
Vote NO on any plan that increases taxes! We need less spending NOT more taxes!
219 West is great tonight...good crowd!
Funny, my watch still has my time from the half marathon I ran in July on it. Guess I've taken it easy for a while
But the emerging Federal guidelines should make things easier.
I Love You !!! Start Cathing Up On BGC!(:
Big shout out to and their committment to highlighing Milwaukee Nonprofits! Stay tuned for more exciting #DNation news.
“: literally so excited for the #districtdreamteam in the fall "
#FF and congratulations to 's own Matt Kemple on all the greatness coming your way!!!
And I'm 30 min early!!
about to trend, y'all!
The Seattle Design festival. That's what's up. Look for it this September.
We are playing a new venue in Prattville Nov 11th, please come out and support us and the other great bands. 100 EAST 4TH ST
put on a great show last night. vodka served some great free vodka. #ACL weekend is kicking arse!!!
When I give you my time,I'm giving you a portion of my life that I will never get back. So, don't waste it.
when do the general public get to buy those Jordans?
so excited!
Big sean is dope. I fux wit em
Doug Melvin: PLEASE sign Greinke to a long term deal. Anyone who gets shelled consistently by a team's arch-rival is NOT an ace.
I need this internet back on LOL phone aren't fun lol
for some reason I'm bowling in virginia
Thanks for following. I like to haer about the wonders of Richmond!
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
good morning twitterlings. peace and blessings y'all. peace and blessings.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right. Aldous Huxley -
Up early waiting on Tbaby so I can go home
and bottles of scotch somewhere in the anchors desk.
Contact us today to learn how we can help you meet your #RTO and
B.O.R.E.D :) hoping to visit the beach soon :) I ride SHOTGUN !!! Haha :P
Bring it, Melvin - we need you here! RT ": What a day! We welcome to the Chargers"
“When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on.” - Franklin D Roosevelt
Yo Easter is this Sunday tho?
So nice to be snuggled cozy in bed, with my kitty curled up against me, listening to the rain falling outside. =)
and life makes love look hard (8)
omg i'm so happy for you hahaha
Having respect for EVERYONE & YOURSELF.
#LinkedInTips: Include the link to your LinkedIn profile on your business card along with your other SM platforms.
A healthy #mouth can promote a healthy body! For fresh breath + great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
We're so excited! We've got ants in our pants and it makes us want to dance!! New tunes coming soon!!!!!
Love this pic. The Scott brothers are my favorite TV personalities!!!
stuff kill them,and they're like all stored in that govt building like way underground or something in their own chmbers and
no problem <3
yeah cause i can do the same shit on FB homie
Great time speaking to athletes at IMG/Madden Football camp today at
all you have to do is eat off their special menu!
doing well, thanks! enjoying the day off & making lasagne. I passed that quote to a friend as a gift. transformative stuff.
Please follow me back!! :))
modern and ancient egyptian burial practices are similar and how they're different. guess who got a 9 on the quiz and had to write a paper.
Hm...#ixD13 is in Toronto 28 January - 1 Feb 2013. Then #TOCcon two weeks later, and getting married two weeks after that! #amIcrazy?
A really great method to acquire investment funds to operate your business can be accounts receivables factoring.
Maybe soy bacon? ;) I know how much loves bacon.
I wish my phone had more battery life
Awesome! Glad you had a great time!
One Ticket to a Comets MISL Soccer Game in Independence on February 19, 24, or 26 (Up to $29.25 Value)
Aww thanks hun! Love yours too! You keep rockin the short hair <3 I'm debating whether to cut mine or not
I know I saw it late I was at practice...
i have the same problem with tht man :/
My New Update Live
thank you for your support. We will keep it in mind!
I haz a bad cold. :(
Who is this new T-Mobile chick? Where is Catherine Zeta-Jones?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get a sweet text and you stare at your phone screen like a weirdo lolol
I'm seriously so fed up with LA drivers.. Be as conceited as you want in your daily life but don't take it to the road.. Calm the F* down!
Making my to-do list for the week: Turn 27 yrs old, eat a cupcake, make quilts...
Thank god I'm going home tomorrow.
The way jaylen acted in the store <<
Take me to the goods! No splash pages. Few exceptions.
. Great advice. One thing #Jango doesn't do is track your DISLIKES, a useful metric knowing where not to target.
not unless you want me too tho
thanks, jay! looking forward to seeing your holiday card. :)
A wise friend once said "Hakkuna Matata! 🐗"
I Miss My Nephew. :/
Tomorrow I am "marrying" one of my 3 yr old students. Dude been calling me "girlfriend" for 4 months now!
S/O to all of our new followers!!! Thanks for your SUPPORT!!!! Check us out on Facebook/Ganksta Enterprize and also
yeah man God is good!!!
CONGRATS TO MY LOVE TINA.....WELCOME DAIVYN...
Who wants to do the Berkie!?
You sound like a social networking whore. Enjoying your sexy voice from #RVA across town from
Persona Obama: The president, press & public image, THURSDAY at noon w/Sheri Park and Martha Joynt Kumar
Guess who's wearing that shirt in her pro pic? ME. <3
the first recap video will be distributed early this coming week, with some speaker interviews to follow.
If you can't go to sleep at night, you must be in love, because your dreams are better than your reality.
Love is not just caring deeply, it's, above all, understanding. ~ Francoise Sagan
Getting ready to go take some photos of some work we're doing now! Will post soon!
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT: Stay tuned in 2012 for our Mommy and Me-style "Little Stars" program coming to a location in North Miami soon!
Never stop learning and exploring! Look at each day as a new blessing and never stop being yourself
red sox nation still loves YOU!!!!
$2 Schilitz TallBoys over at today? Can't go wrong.... 2599 S Logan
And a BIG thank you to one of my very favorite viewers and twitter friends! Hope you guys are settling in and getting comfy!
When you are on a diet, and you make cookies for a superbowl party, then lick the bowl, and eat some cookies, expect to be very hyper.
Sorry Rob, but nothing gets me to change channel faster than draft talk/speculation.
I was in Vienna during velvet rev. Went right to Prague.'Vaclav Na Hrad' painted on the walls. And the best part was that he didn't. bowing.
Really interesting about Rabbi Alvin Kass. Thanks for tweeting.
It's Tebow Time for the rest of the Season for the Denver Broncos.
Man timebe flying by so fast these days. What are pple doing right now
Let me get my ass up.. ready to go play football... studs vs fems today :)
I have high standards b/c all the wrong people have showed me what I dont deserve. If you don't meet those standards, then too bad for you
Check out our course maps! Our flat fast Marathon/Half Marathon route for a great first time marathon or to qualify for Boston!
I love you Anissa!! Great seeing you guys again!!<3 you never fail to impress ^_^
haha come on its fam:) it was awesome to see my fam!
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Sweet Tweet RTs keepn it positive hookn up w/positive talk about adrenaline! keepn it strictly network and lookn good m!
This distance that's between us has got me barely breathing
Just made the switch. Love the interface, love the inspiration aspect - It's like Evernote and Pinterest smashed together
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park, The Rock & Roll Yearbook for '67 - Everything starts to get psychedelic as The Doors and...
UP LATE AGAIN HOPING THIS CHILD OF MINE STARTS TO FEEL BETTER SOON!!!
Thank you SO much for your support & votes for my Oprah audition. Because of your help, I finished in the top 3%--out of over 9500 videos!
Awesome, thanks!
Creativity; never without passion or the utmost desire to create perfection in one's eye not need be your own
I can't wait to get into it...the countdown has begun
THE DEEP BLUE SEA is simply astonishing. Another masterwork from Terence Davies. See it now!
: President Obama in support of gay marriage!! 😄😄 Imagine how many people he has helped by supporting it!!
I watch that show too. I haven't felt strange after seeing these people. One Guy likes to make out with his car :(
My favorite exercise? The beer run!
Hey, just to let everyone know, my account got hacked. Please disregard any direct tweets from us for 24hours. Thanks
You give me mixed signals. What should I do.
Peoples choice awardss (:
Sitting with my IsiZulu Crew.
Hoes all over my body
Happy Mother's Day Mamee
I used to love Lamont St. Grill way back in the day when I lived in PB. Good times
Don't think he's much of a sportie, other than that involving thumbs and a TV set.
Prediction:If Tiger Woods fails, pundits will tell us he's washed up. If he succeeds, they'll tell us how great he is. Hot air.
In fact, I'd rather have a Focus ST than a Mustang.
The vandal proof Vivotek FD8134V is now available and in stock at Ingram Micro.
thanks! Happy Derby Day! Is the Ball on the Mall tonight? I'm in DC for a bridal shower and want to hit Georgetown home tour
You should tweet as you watch for those of us cable less.
We also have criminal inequality as well as income equality! Equal "Justice" under law is MYTH!! PROSECUTE WALL ST CROOKS!
I missed something here, I think. I'm
it's the barber code to be closed on Sunday b Monday b
newborns were easy. They slept constantly. 3 months, that's when it goes south.
Today is the #cvsotc . Let me guess - #chulavista is still recovering from when over-spender Salas was on the Council
lol i'll take u where ever u wanna go. They have a decent grilled chicken and dallar menu lol
Alarming all over the place. Edifying to learn that interviews are not the same as reviews.
believe me the pleasure is all ours. Your voice is heavenly girl. Just love you..
True Religion is old to me... That's that shit I don't like!
Tweeted it out this morning with some reflections. Now *that's* the conversation we should be having.
I am /Titanic exhibition-bound from foyer at 2:15. Any cab-sharers out there?
no one could update their twit, someone crash the site
The paradox of having to stop working from home to actually go to work and get less done. Sigh.
In the East.
:-) it is always nice to see Duke lose; even nicer on the big stage
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Reminds me of Wordsworth's ode to the daffodil.
Nothing better then eating an ice cream during class. ð
RT Am I weird? Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
u got ur heart broke 0,0! *gets gun* click click who we getting tonight lol
why are you always so mad?
Do not sit on your legal rights. You must act if you wish to see your rights vindicated.
The start of the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships has been delayed until 12 pm CT due to inclement weather.
Excited to be part of Chili Cook-Off! Competing with and others. New recipe, hoping it's yummy!
If your twitter name has like 13 characters in it, its the first to get bumped when I am over 140 on a #ff tweet.
Can't wait for wake surfing tomorrow morning
denouncing the Internet is like denouncing the Gutenberg printing press.
i missed it. when will it be playing again?
Someone is enjoying shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
- go practice putting. It's what makes or breaks us.
Thanks to my friends !!! my you tube video total views are about to hit 200K <3 Kellie
You are most welcome, Sonya! Come enjoy lunch or dinner with us soon! ☺
Hey I sent you an email. Let me know if you got it :) thanks!
Oh my gosh, I bawled and laughed and bawled some more. Such a great book!
Honolulu is one of the safest cities in the US. Made moving here from PDX easy. bit.ly/wphCGW If only it were among the cleanest too.
you must be mistaken me for someone else xP RT is a slut x)
I never thought that I would agree with Van Jones on ANYTHING but I have to agree with him on Holder...
Eating dinner and playing some
Romo, MJD, Shonn Greene, I could not have asked for anything more this entire season! Only wish Calvin & Finley could have shown up
2xLP, "Analog Drift" . Ahh, the sound of a good LP still can't be matched! Artist deserving wider recognition. Saw also at
Lol. As child u always scared a lil cause if u where not nice. U get no gift and might have to go back to spain with them! Lol
I love your curly hair!! I wish I had it! I love my wavy hair but I would like it more curly.
when did u eva have the title matthew?? All i hear is
telling stories about king basketball team and comments from public
RT : Congrats to on whl player of the week
Let's go Cotto. You got this.
Real Housewives of DC’s Stacie Turner & Husband Jason Have Separated
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein.
calls college professors old. I'm 34, an age between Jason Kidd and Dirk. So, I guess he's right. I'm old.
is way too excited about books on tape
Love and inspire...
I live for the nights I can't remember with the people I'll never forget.
So excited to see For Today April 5th !
Meet Looks like Seattle is keeping pace with Austin in hiring! Send me all the people tired of Rain! No Rain in TX!
I got it Jon Mr. C wants you to trade $150k for my spices so I can payoff my 29% interest credit cards from medical bills
oh geez. :-( I hope you find something soon.
You already had Mothers Day!
How was Cursive? Did you mosh?
If you were in LA, yes. Good luck with the short.
"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff"
yup yup dorks r us lmao
You left Colorado and now you're leaving the xterra!!
thinking of calling off of work tomorrow claiming "Linsanity"
Sticking to your diet
No, I meant, it would have been faster to just make another one ;)
awesome, it kinds does! :D
Great YKH piece. Did u tweet a link and I missed it? Happy to spread the word.
RT : We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race. ~ Kofi Annan
New Years will never be the same =(
You'd be mine!
