never that .....When Have I ever started things lol
just to the bus stop. #lesspollution you?
#NowPlaying: The #MarioLanza Show. Mario sings the best in opera and contemporary tunes.
they max out at like 120 miles.
Oh where oh where are my sunglasses !?
Supermoon is just a liberal theory. I don't even see it! What's wrong with the normal moon with the American flag on it?
Welcome home musashi meal?
trying to find motivation to study. luv cuddling with too much though.
Ha, I'm likin what I see. That looked delish - glad to hear you're alive!
All database service back to normal now.
A1 I enjoy the train because there is room to walk around and you're able to see more of the landscape
congrats on 10,000 followers :D
Ohh yeaa && I'm going to my wife house of course
Nice warm, sunny day! Finishing the first week my litigation class!
If your out tonight ask for dragon blue vocka.
Douche bar?
TL jumping late night
That moment where you just want to hit the loud ass person sitting next to you straight in the face. KO baby.
Oh what i would give to be sitting in a car with , animal crackers, and a black and mild.
I don't care about that fight but I wanna drink tonight.
#LADIESLOVEME I'm on my cool j! #stuckonreplay ((; &
Hey Michael, thanks for the kind words bro! The online store will be open in a few days!
yes they do
name the time and place. i'll bring my gamecube, sucka.
Thank you hater. Lol.
I didnt see you last night but I left my resume with Meghan. Thanks again!
Sorry...how is a taco wrapped in a Dorito crappy? Besides the fact that its going to cause me to crap?...
Who is this I'm hearing on the radio? This is hot. This girl singing who sounds like Amerie but I don't think its her.
There are no rules against eating cookies in the shower.
pointless fights <<<<
I am so bored. Im going to see Devil (the movie of course) either tomorrow or today... was gonna go yesterday but my sis is lazy...
Hey! What's wrong with wanting to be cruelty-free?
..and I just bit the inside of my lip. -_-
We're excited to have you on board-- welcome to the team!
Uncle Tom said what again?
you are truly beautiful and an inspiration to a lot of people everywhere :) <3
I hate when da home team all wear the team colors
Jack's Mannequin radio to accompany me on this long night ahead
That moment when the pirates of the caribbean's theme song comes on pandora and I become so excited.
Yes there just happens to be a movement now of people who are tired of constantly being shown these unattainable images.
WHOA!!! I remember a #Brewers/#Blue Jays game at Skydome years ago delayed b/c of gnat infestation. But this, yikes.
the old 80s show?
TXLC with My Loving Wifey (and new R.E. partner) for a quick lunch and then an afternoon Real Estate training class at Century 24 Theatres
Hope so!
If the Nets beat the Heat tonight, I will die happy.
12th Planet tho!? 9fest is about to be beyond dope AF, call it rage fest 💀🎶🎶
I hope it'll air this summer. It will include our Carman's story that's aired only on WQED so far. I'd KILL to do HOT DOGS 2!
maybe? Reading books makes you think stfange things.
Nothing like getting schooled by a 10 year old in black ops.... is it monday yet....
Thanks, Mark!
I always wanted to sing in the choir.
Students make up 27% of SAA members (if I heard that right)
"You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel"
Great Show indeed! RT : Great show bummed about no "jackets", but you still rocked the
pic caption "next rest stop 30 miles"
what up with my psychopa-chics... I love my juggalettes!
I fall 2 hard to fast this is why I don't want to be in a relationship my emotions always over take me
Worried that DDC # building is the way new catalogers are weeded out, and I'm not going to pass. Like college music theory (i passed that).
Thanks for stopping in! RT : had a really good cut Marlborough, MA by Gennette
Becoming a Spurs fan after this performance
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." - Winston Churchill
so glad to here that I wish I could see you guysore often.
Currently having a meeting while trying to stay tuned to #shehechat with , sorry guys will chime in soon.
not much just at work! How u been bf?
Why is my face sore?
Paris: Seau will be remembered as a hometown hero and one who gave as much off the field as on it.
Skating New York Is Fun
I'm not voting for King of the Web unless is nominated. wtf
Bob Templin argues that NoVA region needs NOVA to help students keep region healthy, despite public reduction of funding of 25%.
I wish I had friends to hangout with lmao .
Happy New Year to our Firkin friends.
had eggs/bacon yesterday morning. Again, a waste of a good hangover cure as I was working
I think I cheated with , in my mind, yesterday lol. He did such a fantastic job. Gotta love a dreamer :)
New career services and universities following : (Dillard), , , (USC-Beaufort).
Dave Chappelle Stand Up > Dave Chappelle Movies
I'll never again bring a one-litre bottle of pellegrino to a meeting that usually runs late.
You Ignorant Ass Hell Die In Yo Sleep Hoe
San DiegoTruism: reigns!
OMG! Thanks, I sm running to get it. I have been suffering for 3 yrs! LOL!
Yes, why?
I'm all done with submitting. My season of submissions is over. You all have my work now. I'm going to start writing again. And wait.
Follow And I'll Give You A Shoutout!!! :))
#ThoughtsWhileRunning maybe if I pass out I won't have to finish this workout
you are Awesome!
I've always been in the right place and time. Of course, I steered myself there. - Bob Hope
Mark it down #GatorNation RT : Just 110 days until #Florida kicks off it's football season. #GoGators!!!
i don't have any extras but if I come across one I will let you know. Do you care about the night?
yes I actually saw that in the Sun Times...dropping like flies.
And, of course, on a day I could totally get away with sleeping in, I'm wide awake at 5:30 AM.
Have u subscribed to #ncslma google group? Or checked out our bloc? www.ncslma.org
TRUST: Giving GOD full reign over your life, having FAITH to BELIEVE that GOD knows what is BEST!
Hurry there is still time. Amazing App Friday! Lots of apps for FREE to celebrate 1 year anniversary. HURRY! www.momswithapps.com
we don't have a day yet we are usually really about about actually hanging out. Lol
Crossing my fingers hoping someone recorded 's ustream concert
writing about ice cream makes a person very hungry...
I'm the Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher of trying to change my wiper blades each year
watching NHL network and what do you know? you get a tweet saying sven scored again!
New Twitter Material
What's going on everyone in Myspace Land?
Looking for all buyers.... Ready to bid on Jobs
u slow , af . & he really didn't answer tho . I'll tell u if he call back
real hip hop lovers and street niggas will say different, but you going against me from day one. ya opinion means shit 2 me
Scanning and databasing the Liberace Foundation's photo archive - 1200 photos in and I'm still in the 1950s!
Getting knifed on BF3 is so much worse than getting knifed on COD... They steal your dogtag :(
Meeting you has made me a better person..
nope cause i don't have to be seen in public with you. bahahaha
I love how Rob calls Alex a whore.
Chow=what my co-worker says. And all pretentious pricks.
Went country line dancing for the first time last night. Why wasn't I introduce to this earlier in life!
Hahaha i tend to do that.. I was talking about anything that was the definition of anything lol ;o)
playing it next!
Happy easter!!!
fair only if I get to buy you a beer at capital fringe and meet you
Come out and see The World's Worst Play, Ever! Info at Theatre68.com I'm on every Saturday and Sunday!
thanks for following :)
My inspiration for this coming year, "I Choose" India Arie
Thanks for following Kevin!
I spent 3 hours writing a report.... ugh
Slow down son. You killing them!
I have never seen them, but it was pretty cool
welcome, mister!
thanks for checking us out! Hope you enjoy the music :) --
I think we've got a great lawsuit on our hands...I'll go grab some Aqua de Gio ;)
However, for Class #1 and Class #2, we have the Facebook option. I hope this helps! Enjoy Reinvent Me LIVE!
m. im gonna eat pizza
My heart and prayers goes out to Troy Davis. America smh
Today I've been heads down at work doing code and fixing major appliances. :P
:D you are the #bestestboyfriend in the world. hehe
Gonna take a nap, someone call me at 10:30 to make sure im up :D.
Why is simplification so difficult?
Welcome to my new follower.. #nf you back ma... #WELCOME!
im doing good day an hows u :)
Thanks guys!
I'm sayyyyyin! Lol you're welcome. :-)
Woah chatting w in canada he is working on the drupal side of things! #dccodeathon - waiting for AU and SE to wakeup and join in!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Alleged election tampering in District 8's Waukesha County is being investigated. NBC News.
Would you guys be interested in being a entertainment correspondent for our webshow?
#HowToGetRejected talking about you ready for me to meet your Kids! Girl I just met you.. Couldn't that wait a couple Years?
Wow, ORBIS is looking pretty slick.
Macarthur Park is running through my head, and it's all the Amazing Betty's fault. Curse you Richard Harris!
Most Popular Weather Site: Weather Underground [Hive Five Followup]
So glad the choose you! The series is so well done, I've thoroughly enjoyed & learned from each one.
RT this if you have a family member that has cancer): i wish that cancer would get cancer and die!!!!
Could never get past Geddy Lee's voice. If it weren't for Molson & Labatts, he & Bryan Adams would have me hating Canada.
send it to
I love being served sparkling water with my espresso. I know it's common at better coffee houses, but thought it was worth a mention.
The past few mornings I've heard seagulls outside my window - did my house move without my knowing? what happened to my quail?
All I ever wanted to do was make you smile.
I'm hoping some of the rain we get today will wash off some of the goose poop on my car. Did I do something to offend you, goose?!
So much for a birthday daytrip...
Jaleel shouldn't be going. Damn dance duels.
Saw The Avengers today with and If you haven't seen it, go see it! It's FANTASTIC!
"Access Hollywood" has a way of taking everything that I think is wrong with the world and funneling it into a 30 minute documentary
send your address to
Most females say in 2012 they rather b a boo-thing or a Mistress then 2 b in a relationship: no stress, freedom, no strings, less heartbreak
now in school like most everyone else -- teaching pre-term 2.5 week course on design to undergrads for sept arts intensive program
Juniors: Hugo – Hugo Logo
GM my twiter and Fb family please go to the kickstarter Web and see a preview of my book age of the beast
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
Prostate cancer is actually more than one disease, each requiring a unique therapy targeting the specific cause. Genome Research (Oct 2010)
Who should the Yankees name as their #2 starter, Kuroda or Pineda?
Now it's time to drive to New York City.
bonus points for the most composerly joke of the morning... :D
RT Went to Planet Fitness for the first time this morning. now i'm tired...
We're getting new space, too. I don't think I can take this place long enough to get there.
No matter how much u give a person your all they seem just to step on your heart even more smh
On another note I've completely purged my twitter timeline of all traces of the Take *that* Goodell.
pick up Dev Henderson & drop Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams? Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
in Vegas Wendy clubbing after thr mixer now I can't sleep to excited about meeting you and
To seek, to yearn, to drive, to burn, to hope, to wonder, to question & ponder, to desire, to dream, to sing,to fly again & again, to live.
even one or two titles, just so i know where to start..
Enjoyed my first Naptown Roller Girls event last night w/hubby! Thanks !
I could damn sure use a blunt of sour rite now
What was up with that high school game on ESPN tonight? Could the refs have blown any bigger of a call?!
What are you giving mom for mothers day?
Allergies continue to plague me…thinking of getting and using a Neti Pot…any thoughts?
How late is the market open today?
Hehe, YES they are :D
jaden love U so Much !!!! please follow me !! thanks !! It would mean the world if u did
next week is the last week of school for me!! im so happy, i cant wait!!
Ha! Me too.
#saturdaylibrarian today. 30 minutes until we open to the public...
My #fridayreads: Charles Frazier's Nightwoods. My one-word review: wow.
Thanks for the follow!
Danke! Are you still attending the conference?
Student question about SafeRides -- Rocco DelMonaco of DPS says they're trying to cut down on wait time (including SMS updating).
Got in the mood for Hip Hop today. Went and checked out some of the new stuff. Tomorrow back to Trance/HK-Pop/Jazz/R&B/Rock/Alt/Metal
Wanting to put US in trUSt <3 <3 <3
Has anyone tried using CoreAudio for sonar? At least ranging, since positional probably can't be done. cc:
lol. im thinking about being a model and want others opinions lol
Hockey is so intense .
Putting your ipod on shuffle and then skipping through all the songs until you find the one you actually want to listen to.
. thanks for the #FF love! You are the best! :0)
Ohai I'm done with school now what now
BABY MAKE ME FEEL SO GOOD !!! BUT ALL MA GUYS KEEP TELLIN ME THAT YOU NO GOOD......
nope, but their always tonight, that's means when I get off work lol!! I'll send one bro!!
Windows 8 preview: Microsoft is abandoning the "Start" button! Clever. Do they now include a "Stop" button instead?
I love Louis and his cuteness! He is such a good dancer! (:
ugh me too.
Playing in Basketball and winning the tournament. What more can I ask for in a day?!
Just came up with a look for a scene. 6am, tired as shit, and little sleep. I guess there's your silver lining?
I am actually hooked on debates now, even more than watching The Real Housewives series or some Law & Order Series
I haven't been there since I was 9 months old. Have fun and eat chocolate for me!
Been editing film for a testimonial page.. amazing how much people love their Artistic Home!
Good stuff 2day. I researched gel nails & the skin cancer link. Plus a local nurse is up 4 a ntl award - nominated by her 17yr old patient
Can we talk about how the #Fringe intro is the greatest.
thanks! gotta get up early now, I'm on the morning show!
good point. there is data that suggests that kids who start playing music a young age develop larger corpus callosa.
tag mo b there baby
MT : 70 knot winds 2000 feet above fire. Will b difficult for #TrafficCopter850 to get up there.
You're welcome! We hope it was a good race.
Discounts to anyone are always available, contact us at
Come on
RT : #Texas #atx #UT Howdy!! We make Pecan Street Rum in Pflugerville, TX just north of #Austin. Try it, you'll love it!
Yahoo Inks Streaming Deal with Grateful Dead’s Weir
i totally just choked on some peanut butter! ah!
It's raining, it's pouring... as we make our way back home!!
follow me back n I'll dm u
Hailing in #pdx with sun shining through
I am so excited about the announcement of Noels and shabbaz tomorrow the anticipation is killing me hoping4big blue happiness not blue tear
Loving the power of the punnani in music lately .. thanks Adele,Rihanna & Taylor swift :p (the girliest tweet from me in a min :p. )
It is always nice to find a copy of #HenryMiller's #Sexus for $1 at the #Strand. Now I have six copies of the same book on my shelf
More than 30 taken to hospital after Conn. concert
These turkey burgers from Whole Foods suck!
Please correct me if I'm wrong on that.
Real good beats on s tell ya friends
RT : Partly cloudy and dry at the track. See you here!
Retweet if u saw ParanormalActivity3 when it came out & if scared tht shit out of u:))
It's official! seeing with !!
Rev me to a round 2
I really am SOO. excited. for. you. truly. You have made it. Me=envious and proud. :) :)
Yikes... "gaps in earnings btwn hs grads and college grads are greater than gender and racial gaps."
Subway dr pepper yummy
Live by the beach and work doesn't seem like work! The pic is my office at times! Come see me!!
:D ok
Urgent plea for those not wanting to collect sigs to help with data entry at 110 King in Madison. Contact
hey bruva. good hanging with you at Salted. hope the missus is feeling better. wish you all a safe trip home.
following for a follow back :)
at least they won't require the use of a ladder
A wise friend just told me: When you're walking through hell, just remember to keep on walking.
Hope I don't disappoint. Starting to think I may tweet more than I facebook - limits my snarkiness to 142 characters!
": Appreciate the follow Sheila!! Make it a great day!! :)" thanks for the follow as well!!
OMG would you get over that, it was dark and you couldn't see so you decided to trip(;
Won't you share my world
X + REASONS WHY PERIODS SUCK. + X
oh shit. I'll have to look. Doubt it'll make it on and I know faux news won't cover it
oh yea that was me...getting refocused
do you have any books on Fleming County, KY in the 1830s?
Kinda sounds like Santorum is hating on Romney for having the money to run a lot of attack ads. Interesting.
HAHAHA I TELL MY FRIEND SHELBY AND SHE'S LIKE, "Oh he's really cute." FREAKING THANK YOU.
Not what I meant. I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
I cannot wait to be filled in. Have an amazing week with the fam!
were the afraid of them in last years playoffs?
All if my ideas seem to evolve without i.e. mining for precious metals on asteroids and live gaming
Given the chance I can do anything! That's just how I'm wired.
Oh FOLLOW HER
Thank You SO Much For The Follow! :)
you're on crack. Kenan Alibegovic's borat voice is better than borat's
#Bulls are Gettin it done on defense right now
Whoa. lied about.. what.. o_O
I think im on that white boy shit today
Older, unattractive women who dress like they're 20 >>>>>>>
I am confused whats the problem with Muggling? I mean its in all the Harry Potter books.
RT : We cant Call The Girls in The Band bitches so them WITCHES
Dam the girl candy from WSHH THICK AS HELL
Can you please tweet me just once? I love you so much, never say never...right? :)
good morning alex (:
RT : Joseph Kony is a monster!
The first shall be last and the last shall be first....Show some some love for one of GODS children who maybe down on his/her luck.
new from Girl in a Coma! I love them!! :)
I kept asking "who is "George Zimmerman" connected to? I've nvr heard of anyone being unarrested in my life. Its not evn a word..4 a reason.
I just overheard a Dad say to his daughter at the mall, "boys at this age are not friends...they are predators!" Haha
good morning <3 it would make my day if you followed or tweeted me please <3
Jason Motte of the Cardinals looks like Casey Abrams from American Idol
your welcome
Somebody pleas explain that Kony shit to me...
Make a list of all the positive benefits exercising has on your life, from giving you more energy to reducing your health ailments & beyond.
because he's old?? or just you know.. music boner?
I got alot cleaning done today....tired as hell
Have you viewed the counter rotating vortices?
older musicians complaining that "it's not what it used to be", but never going out to hear the younger cats. strange - and predictable.
Aw ok....u deleted ur Facebook?
thank you love :)
-.- ask about me..lol
i hate it when you're sadfase ):.
For more information goto our facebook page and like us. Blessings to all
Milwaukee Bucks doing a great job !! KEEP IT UP GUYS!!
Haha yeah it is, you the one twitching ya hips and ish
I usually have to figure things out on my own.
Great game by the Avs last night in NYC! Love that aggressive style of play but not sure the legs will hold up thru long NHL season.
Watching the #Pinterest feed. Copyright infringement seems to be a hot topic. Pinned Artwork & Photography etc- good promotion or theft?
Had a pretty damn good weekend with my friends not gonna lie #hyfr I might just throw down on the boat again next Saturday night
From teaching leadership to teaching communication Toastmasters is many things to many people. What is Toastmasters to you?
the A game is all I have
just chillin' boss. Haven't really been on the ps3 at all. Looking forward to getting that fire back when M13 is out :)
It's not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It's the customer who pays the wages. -Henry Ford
that sounds awesome. I thought it was gonna be something like working in Shaws (those people look so miserable lol)
May 4th Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
I miss who you were before you turned into the biggest bitch on earth.
Like blockbuster movies, our shows will now be referred to as "Live Music Events." Even if they're the live music equivalent of "Ishtar."
Ah... but do you know the city? (I didn't:)
I disagree. There is a blending of UF & PNR -UFR. It's not UF.
Listening to the new Foster the People album and loving it. Check out "Helena Beat."
we! thanks for the rail...feels good...
Deception is not only a state of mind but a way of life.
I really wanna win this contest! I have 72 followers! :)
#SOPA is the perfect example of why we need money out of politics. It benefits nobody but giant, rich, scared dongs.
Lunch time kitchen open patio ready music checklist done we are ready to rock it day 2 summerfest. Loving the action in the 3rd ward awesome
no problem & thank you also!
I responded.... LOL
Jordan with a gift tech for Grizzlies who are just sucking right now....
Thread jacking for a min: I am grateful for TriCare after what I have seen others go through.
My friends & I have been debating that since we saw them... I wanna say yes...
AHH!! Only another month.. Crap!! It's been gorgeous here lately, until the past few days.
China in 3 days!!!!! What phrases will I need to know there?
When you hold people to a higher standard than they hold themselves you will always be disappointed by their behavior.
Will tune in! We teach professional development classes for artists. I'll suggest this as a resource, too :)
you be sayin all homo
Harpoon is here brewing a Harpoon IPA clone! Stop in and enjoy Harpoon drafts and Harpoon give-a-ways!
Love is ... Sharing your pad see-ew with your toddler <3 ... even if he eats most of it.
This day sucks! I have detention today. ):
checking out the Multnomah County LIbrary feed
dang i feel bad yup had to send him home hes a raider fan too lol i love it hes going home to put on a bronco shirt he better if he wants $
Yeah, my dad actually said that too! Thanks.
www.flipcups.com - -look out for our new home page and new products coming shortley
Aw enjoying the weekend!
:) honored - but I'm pretty sure I still haven't grown up yet myself
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Of course.
My family's ok. Yay!
Holla at me scribble we wAna film U for a reality show in the life of scribble
John Errigo's adaptive model for Emotional Intelligence. My new book "Level Up! Lead with Emotional Intelligence out on 12/8/11
My sister's way of getting me to cook for her: "Go make your own grilled cheese." "But YOU make the BEST!" "Oh alright."
might he be tweeterlisticly inclined as well? Or does he leave that to you? :-)
Hey When can I find Cherry Coke without the cherry flavor?
Everyone loves a good half day of work!
good article. interesting and enlightening perspective.
you're beautiful girl they r cheap flusies don't they them get to you I'm there with u in spirit :)
Yes, it opens next week, but I'm about to try PABU Izakaya w/ my beloved work folks at a private tasting. Pics to come...
Virtual Classrooms - New Future
We're sponsoring #SHBP this Saturday in Palo Alto! Come by and say howdy!
I hate it.
I contemplate walking on my hands every day
This is why she's one of my best friends. RT : I'm going to paint my nails while you're driving today.
dylan you're my everything.
X games:)
Upset Central today! I love
Thanks so much!
I'm back on mah sixtysixsix shit. Flowing like the blood out the competition's slit wrist.
Tattoo number 10! Saturday in
im sitting in this lovely establishment and my taste buds are partying in my mouth
Damn I'm hungry son .-.
Great practice w ,& I counted no less than 100 buds on our climbing roses,& posting a new song to tonight.
So sorry i missed your Birthday,it looked like it was a lot of fun. Happy Belated Birthday Sophia. I hope you fun with mum&dad
i did it
morning beautiful ^_^
BRoys a beast! RT Bulls dream (sources say)&Heatsnightmares for Chi 2 get BrandonRoy after Blazers cut him w/amnesty clause.
I'm sorry but who do you play for?!
First walkthrough of the new house complete... and our sink's disposal unit must've had copper in it because it was stolen.
which barber?
We are honored to be invited to today in ATL and are excited to lend our contributions for small biz.
In Walla Walla! Ready to start a day of wine tasting in the most gorgeous place ever!!!
i wish Justin notice me somedayy ! but i keep smiling
Haha good times
go Bucks......darn
Okay. Victory! Impulse #nook purchased! Thanks to , , and for your help!
hi Nick. I know u won't c this, but I want 2 say that u inspired me so much, and I will love u no matter what :)
Unfortunately, I've only listened to one song by them, but I really liked it when I heard it.
MKZ offers SYNC, Next-Generation Voice-Activated Navigation, keyless entry and EasyFuel capless fuel filler
Awww, I didn't know she had cancer. Great Singer. RIP Donna Summer
yo!yo!! Why in the word will you get a twitter acct but not FB acct??!?
gene wilder will always be one of my all-time faves.
SAG just hosted a class with Talent Agents Gar Lester and Ross Grossman and the amazing Manager Amanda Hendon. Their advice was brilliant.
That makes the #Tulsa show the day before. Although he'd probly be too tired after a late night of Manilow.
Out of the many voices you hear during a day, pursue hearing more of His voice in your daily life.
Public rental bikes in Minneapolis, on the walk to
what drawing? 😊
lakers don't need cp. just as competent pg dominate
Try him!
Does instant gratification have negative impact on Gen Y?
Tell me why I said this at least 20 times today lol
Over-the-top fabulous show in Portland - passionate & spontaneous - felt like I was 18 again. Thank you.
Music is in the doing of life, paraphrased from John Cage. We are all artists and curators of the music experience.
losing my voice :(
#thingsblackgirlsdo Say Gurllllll let me tell you!
is there a way to automatically jump to the most recent tweets versus starting with the oldest first?
was that you I accidentally found on pinterest? LoL.
Recovery planning after Katrina saw lots of citizen engagement but their wishes didn't translate to implementation -Laska
Holla if u want to party
im gud at the crib bored
I love shooting in film, especially when I have access to a darkroom :)
If headshots don't get you auditions (or agents), you need to change them.
If Obama had eaten HIS dog it would be one thing. Romney put HIS dog on the roof of the family car.
especially on a team that plays NO defense to start with!
I'm watching Tucker and Dale Verus Evil. Feel similarly.
Unknown.. hopefully we will find out Nov. 1
ehhhhh maybe :P
On my way! To my dental appoiment going to be in pain all day so don't call only text ok my friends
is my 1500th follower! Thank you Renee! Please give her a follow and welcome her to your Twitterverse! Thank you!
Je'ron Primus made eight of nine free throws and finished with 15 points
All set and ready to have fun.
yea I did chump. B-more looks good n classes start july 11.....if u redi, ill do it......let's go
Both Crews get to stay. wtf
Wow I'm actually shocked about Poe. I trust RAC though. Just... Wow.
Who do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?~George Eliot
Wish me luck I'm going to take this hell test /:
me too. I always wanted to be miss scarlet
It's boring here but okay lol...i hope my dad gives me some money for the mall...
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.
so I'm trying to send you a message and I can't because you're not following me. Cool story bro, real nice.
Didn't know there was life this early. Wow, i really hate the morning.
Thanks to , and for tweeting from today
Organizing my font index so it's useful is probably.. something I need to do this summer.
Today was awesome! YAHSpeak performed at Speaker Oliver's 2012 Shirley Chisholm Awards and our tribute touched the hearts & souls.
I hate going thru the drive thru and they try to give me my change, drink, and food all at once.
When I get back from NYC I am buying a bike, damnit!
RT : Parent Challenge: Ask your kids "What does love mean?" Film their answer, send 2 .
did they also write "claim from aggreg8r"?
you're a better tweeter than I am
If at first you dont succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
Any chance will make front page of the kcstar???
yup that is her! Pretty good for a young girl in Iran.
Thank you #keywest for a great show at the Gardens Hotel today! Full moon on the island...
“: #DONE, #NP Summertime-DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince” lol I can't wait to finish my last exam later bruh
the couple sitting next to me seeing the hunger games...it was as if katniss and peeta themselves were sitting there.
How is the recovery going? The Broncos are all over the news with the Orton/Tebow drama. Any inside info?
Fuck the beer batter. Give me a beer.
HEY! is right!! HOW LONG UNTIL gets on instagram?!???
Things change i get that, feelings change i know that, but when you change i hate that
See RENT at NewRep in Watertown. Nick Sulfaro shines as Angel, but blue hairs might swallow teeth when he bares all in the death scene.
you got it and you love it (~);}
Grower Tip: Make sure your room is light tight. Any light seepage can cause plants to be hermaphrodites.
Cutting up some old, unwanted books for a project. I've made sure this is okay but it still feels so NAUGHTY!
When Romney gets passionate and urgent, he sounds whiny. Bad programming? Or is he actually human and not a #RomBot?
I will watch for it.
It takes 42 muscles to frown but only 14 to raise your middle finger
Thank you!
Hope all is well down in ATL! RT : Check out the documentary about ICS Support the film and ICS!
Listening to All Time Low while studying for finals... Having my own mini-concert since I can't see them play tomorrow.
me too! Wanna come help me on August 14th! :)...I just emailed you by the way.
Watching rock an acoustic show with Mr. Brad on guitar! Then we're heading to watch the !
See u tonight! Thanks for being kind everytime ;)
Sadly. I enjoy the creativity and energy of many, yet I'm still caught short when folks I follow suddenly tweet hate.
lol! I don't think you guys could handle me a again! lmao!!
2 more days...n my life is completely changed
ok. That would be good. Just curious if I needed to eat.
let me get ahold of the USBG and find out!
Missing Galvão Bueno. soccer broadcasters sucks.
Check out the Diana Falzone Room with special guest James Corbett - Learn all the summer beauty trends!!!
Nor is a spilt check it in the top 1000 reasons I would act as such.
What time were you guys thinking for Winesday?
I love that tip! When we took three days last year to S. Antonio we had an amazing time. Definitely great advice!
“: NO!! They mine and “ save them for me and allo! i need one too””
All stephanie likes to do is ruin peoples lives. Something else too, but I don't wanna get in trouble again.
is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!
Working on it. :D RT : want to make a better world ~ be a better person
Boarding flight to Ft Lauderdale. As I packed my Hoodie, I couldn't help but wonder what the life/poker EV of a new wardrobe is
Miss you, baby! Raha and say hi!!!
Forest in snow "is the still ectasy of nature...every spray...spire of reed, every intricacy of twig, is clad with radiance" William Sharp
happy mothers day 
Good choice! Man, I hope your talents stay with the Los Angeles Clippers !
wow, do you have a copy of the full episode? we should clearly request SNL provide one so there is a copy in his papers
thanks, we're working on getting her some better press though. Any ideas?
Now heading back to honor our mothers and motherhood in our families. Celebrate the mothers in the village, they love&nurture our being!
You were so inspiring today! Thanks for all the laughs! Can't wait to work with you someday soon! :) :)
SUN, Y U NO MAKE ME TAN?!
I had the strangest/weirdest/creepiest dream last night... 😞😖😱😭
Haha! That's quite the lofty goal. Are you into Emotobooks?
Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
The Warriors are headed to State! Warren HS students will be dismissed at noon Friday to attend 3:30 pm basketball game in Austin.
sounds kinky
Speed cameras get speeding tickets sent out to you in my area #DMV but no points on these tickets. I've paid way too much though.
When the mornin' gather the rainbow, yeah, yeah Want you to know, I'm a rainbow too now
because every girl needs one...
Helmet steals third base first, then hair and last Jamie Weeks!
lol sounds like something funny just happen maybe not
Chilling with Wesley and Brandon, watching the longest yard.
ours was all muffed up, internet went out and had to skype a coaching session at the bookstore! With the coffee machine noise!
Attention must be paid!
aw:) No wonder we get along lol
Lol... The awkward moment when you pull your blankets up and punch yourself in the face.
let me know were to pick you up at? Cause i don't see them slowing down any time soon
Been there done that!! <3 it!!
Last day (hopefully) of shooting "Mason Darby." :-)
I'm here without yu Baby
haha did you get a lot of "it's a terrible idea"
Lewis black for president #commonsense>political b.s.
baby there you are!
A vagina is a mans natural home
Congrats on your nominations!
Hope my mom let's Alex and me leave school and go to her house after. :)
about to take the nursing school entrance exam. it's scary, I think there might be a swimsuit competition involved.
We are now on Twitter! Thank you to our first follower
Dancing with the starts... not that good of a show. I need a new one to watch. Any suggestions?
has a sweet new menu. Good work !
Friends with benefits has to be the funniest movie ever 😂
I really want to win tonight....
Never thought I'd use #UnfrozenCavemanLawyer as a hashtag, but hey. A first for everything!
almost there see you soon...
I LOVE walking at night!
that means a lot of ketchup for your household come harvestin' season.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. -William Ellery Channing
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Ha... I'm in the mkt so let me know how you like it. Been looking at the One X, which I think might have up to 7 ringtones.
Why bother with EXPENSIVE telemarketing equipment when you can just use our software and a USB headset? WWW.MAGNALOGIX.COM 866-466-6611
dog how is this dude lebron an mvp tho lol he is not clutch missin those free.throws
Last topic didn't go well, so new food intermission topic....Boo Berry or Count Chocula?
i have created a strong buzz ...mtmore210toneyocity
Is this the result of showrooming? Can retailers like #BestBuy capitalize on in-store smartphone use and prevent future store closings...
lmao i do that too. I get all excited for drakes part and then after it i'm like ...meh
Eta Lambda Alphas WIN!
Don't even care if you still subscribe, I'm gonna talk so much shit about you.
glad you liked it! short, snappy, and relevant read, i thought.
hope you're having fun opening #fotofest we're at #sxsw w/ hanging out at Houston Invasion!
often think of your sweatpants :: bloody Mary analogy.
I miss you too friend! What are your summer plans!?
My 2 favorite teams in baseball, the #Cubs and whoever is playing the
27 Years ago 2day I married my high school sweetheart. Been 2gether 30 years total. Thanks 4 puttin up with my crap Hun!
zimmerman has been charged & is in custody..... murder in the 2nd degree... i feel it should be capitol murder he premeditated that shit
Hm.. decisions, decisions. Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby this wkend - what's your preference ... Mint Julep or Margarita?
In MN with and ! So excited to meet the kids I've been skyping about When Life Gives You OJ with!...
so pretty!
WOOSH! The Polish kicks some serious butt on the first sausage race of the season. Wasn't even close.
didn't we talk? Sorry very :-(
So, all the standard Super Bowl ad money has moved online, is that what we're seeing tonight?
you had no idea? um, you replied to a tweet where i said "goodbye" and linked to my dead friend's suicide post.
I tried something new once that was definitely a mistake: a pork cookie in #Chicago's Chinatown
- A "kate moss" version after has starved and not eaten for a couple months.
#Shoutout: Thanks for supporting by following!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I'm getn $, no illuminati My pain never went in vain, it's all over my body...RO$$
I really want to see Burlesque! Love, love, love Christina Aguilera!
RT : "Marriage is a relationship btwn 1 man & 1 woman” #Romney doubles down on anti-gay marriage in Liberty Uni speech.
Skin intercepting the raindrops bringing joy to my core
Can u buy me veggie chips &meet me in the girls bathroom on the 2nd floor The bathroom by ms Schultz Ashley's not answering
Awww my nephew is ADORABLE! <3
good morning Thomas<3(: Happy #TMoneyTuesday !
Time to Network at the Night Scene... Tune in For Future Collabos...
. says that users, whether crowd or experts, can help libraries preserve/provide access to their material
beautiful! .... and I thought I was the only one up at 3am food makin' ;)
Eat w. your non-dominant hand and you'll eat less? Hmm..sounds dangerous but perhaps worth a try!
someone play this man
These #knicks better show up to WIN tonight! We need every victory before saturday
Have a favorite #TIBessay? RT : #Namaste... anyone ever read "This I Believe....." series? Some interesting stories.
"Hi, could someone come read on Literacy Night at our daycare & can we borry the popcorn machine [cart]?" Maybe & What,areyoukidding?
Prayer's go up, Blessings come down
would love it to be mine lol
pB Chocolate whoopie pie?!?!?! I can't believe I'm missing it. Maybe the truck swings by my place next? ;D
A nice slow morning of coffee and working on a little #processing collaboration before heading to #FITCTO proper. Calm before the storm :)
I missed the opossum - man we hunt everything in this state
yes sir but of course. Will post on Saturday. What would make your top 10?
of course i remember!
Q2 via ‎ Which country still has the most undiscovered places?
. RT Sarah Palin thinks that the Electoral College is a school for the people who wired up the lights in her house.
"F.I.N.A.L.S. aka Fuck I Need Alcohol Later"
Thank you
The next stop on our tour is the Ohio Coaches Clinic in Columbus, OH. Please stop by booth #25 and we'll give you a free demo of the site!
Lady doin my teeth got a fat booty tryna not get a stiffy sitting in this chair
thanks for the tip!
From Denver Police Distrtict 5: Over the past week several vehicles that were parked in the street or a driveway have been broken into...
read it and just replied. Dang girl you've had tons going on. Sorry I haven't been around to hear about it :(
Warm sunshine and a good cup of coffee..... two great ways to start a new day
MessageGrader.com - analyze your email content...
that made me laugh
I'm hoping Herman Cain endorses himself, then tears off his button-up to expose a 9-9-9 tshirt underneath, WWE style.
TRAFFIC: Crash with injuries- Hwy 12/18 in Cambridge. Emergency crews on the scene
Already miss as closer
you really have a VHS player? I am so in, but can't until next week
follow back?
Tonight may call for some old TV episodes of The Hulk
We're at this weekend! Visit us at booth 889 in the AG building & you'll be entered to win a $250 gift card!
thanks for the kind words Katie, and we're excited to tell you more about it! :)
btw you were awesome as well!!!
Mail.app is still my primary mail app but I use a lot of Gmail features to manage and the Gmail app just doesn't cut it.
Loving you isn't the right thing to do How can I ever change things that I feel?....//i should know this
It should be TRIVIA TIME huh? What you think?
So....if I don't hardly talk on the phone....why the hell do I pay for the unlimited minuted plan??
I'm a Brady fan but Montana was my hero (just like Brady's) so hoping he doesn't exceed him.
can't sleep and feel like writing overdue thank you notes too? Happens to me all the time!
Saw Deniro's Frankenstein pinball machine today at the Harry Ransom Center
Rule #1, I am always right. Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule
there's no time in Waikiki
2 more cousins done with college (& off to grad school), 2 more to go. I feel incredibly old, and incredibly proud. Congrats !
just trying to believe is was WOTV and they will call back. Doubt I'll sleep much tonight.
AYYEE! RT : roadtrip to 's for his grad. party in june ? YOU KNOW WE THERE !
Looking forward to seeing how #AngelPunk and Mara's scooter evolves in future issues.
hahha yes. Ok, I don't actually hate anyone. I just don't want to date most men I meet.
The new cd is like sex! Playing it all day, all night, all week, all year, and for the rest of my
Mom don't even wanna spend time with me tomorrow. Alright it's cool...feelin unloved.
True colors r shining through....smh...sum ppl
Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind:) -words of my day haha
I have a song called See You Through :)
We dont need no clothes for this.
2 weeks in a row with great sales at Water St. Keep it comin' Milwaukee, we appreciate your business
thanks For your patronage. Go Red Bulls!!!
Day 1 is a wrap! Time to use those drink tickets...
KarenWalker: Good Lord. I can't believe I'm at a public pool. Why doesn't somebody just pee directly on me? this is all you
I want to open a new and used, independent bookstore. Too bad I don't have the money to start one.
RT : How often in Amer theater does a playwright respond directly to another's work in play form? Exciting!
let the stress kick in
Seriously...with community members, faculty, students, "experts". Focused on Englewood & solving problems w/ resources available.
Good luck to all the runners in the today !
Fill in the blank: I love Fridays like a _____ loves _____.
The First oil well ever discovered was in Asia in 1848 by Russian Engineer F. M. Semyenov.
Listenin to Big Boy in the Morning and this nigga Phone Tapped askin can he go to prom with his male cuzzn JACKIE !!!! Hahahah
Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead!"- I Peter 1:6
Please Touch Museum? I have a 4 yr old nephew that loves it
Thank you! Are they located in Baltimore?
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything.
Congrats! Couldn't figure out how to train mine RT : My chinchilla is litter trained. This brings me no small amount of joy.
Really wana lay here.....but i know something will not permit that.give me 10.
Finished _The Unidentified_ last night. Plot-wise, wasn't in love with the pacing, but the conceit of The Game = great.
Hope y'all went and bought ur quick picks for tonights 363 mill!!!
I am hoping I will use a fair amount for both, maybe worth the 100 $ difference thanks
Some girls need to eat make-up so they can be pretty on the inside.
Shakira, Pitbull among social media’s favorite Latino musicians, finds study
Are you the sweetest person that exists? Thanks for the nice tweet...you made my week!
Let it go! RT
we are gonna put our stuff on iTunes very soon
I can't wait to get out of this shitty place.. i'm like seriously counting down the days.. 2 more years! -_- please hurry up! #fuuuuck!
It's up to yhu to choose them wisely
Met a 2yr K6 teacher yest, interviewing. Told Asst Sup abt PBL, differentiated learning, etc., she said he looked at her cross-eyed
RT : Today in Jewish History (1963) #Aruba opens its first synagogue, for the island's 35 Jewish families.
I hit the first two legs in a Pick 3 at #HollywoodPark. Looking for a good sweat in the third race.
you guys wanna do lunch soon?
. Not surprised the Switch Hitters thing has been tried before for bi jocks. :-)
Rhianna is getting better and better!
And OKC is trying to follow the footsteps like #San Antonio. Hopefully to add those rings in the future.
These past 2 years have been rough.
both of y'all graduated from BG and then got married
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
Colvin catch inside the 15 of O
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the #Bucks win but are eliminated from the playoffs.
I'm always happy to help!
"breakfastclubam: If you make more money than your friends should you have to pay " hell no...unless pictures of the ipad 2
still not recovering too well. the doc is conderned and has moved my post op apt from Fri 26th to Tues 23rd.
4 more days
Thanks for listening! Glad ya like it, Gloria :)
We use the ruler n ah scale like the free masons
I'm still sore from mine yesterday! Gotta love a good workout :)
up to u
Pittsburgh Seltzer Works is Here!
Learned something new today: The first publication of Hamlet (1603) had it: "To be, or not to be, ay there's the point."
Golden Girls was another good theme song. Sad the guy who wrote it passed this week. I think this calls for a remix.
Writing my first song in a while. Life, and love can be very inspiring.
wtf lol is that a real page
I get way too pumped for the last shower of the day. I earn them all though.
So true!! You just have to be open and ready to the possibilities the universe presents you with. :)
Sometimes its my life I can't taste, sumtimes I can not feel my face..
in 3 hours and 30 minutes i will die of dissapointment
“: and thank you so much for today. I love my hair! Xo” of course! So good to see you :)
Fun hanging out briefly with the Bar Campers. Thought-provoking convos with and
#ramona farts are the absolute worst.
There are 3 types of artists I work with=Those that make things happen, Those that watch things happen, and those that wonder what happend!
I have got this energy, its so powerful!!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
Hey it's Heading out to the Verizon store after I get off air. If you drop your phone alot, the Droid Rzar is awesome!
Someone please tell me why my badass son just ran upstairs for no reason&then stared at me like 'whatcha gunna do mom?' Like what? 🐶😳😲
": lol i love the way u think" u make it E Z :)
Cool, I remember all the players from over the years... But don't have any idea who is still around Omaha and who has moved on!
Working at the Society, and looking for work too! Nice gym workout this morning, should be a day for walking too!
Del Esparza: thanks his mom who is in audience! "we have a vibrant & incredible creative community in #ABQ"
love you to dude
Decisions, Decisions ! Fuck!
A cop texting and driving.... Well thats a new one.
I would love to have the link! Thanks so much!
:o maybe Idk I'm pretty sure I would suck at rp though D:
Is it wrong not to date someone because they work at Taco Bell? Lol
I had to deal with allot these past to weeks
Whether you know it or not, your an asshole.
maybe a stair master instead? :-)
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 10:15 with Nike+ GPS.
lol i fixed it once i realized it was posting everything i tweeted even if i unchecked the boxes. potential crisis averted!
Tea makes me happy. ☺
Thanks for having me. Next time I can stay longer if you guys would like.
we shall decide the date tomorrow!
You're hilarious!
no i wont nobody likes me at school and in my socal life :[
Busy night. One man dead after fire in St. Paul. In a separate incident, a man died after a police chase that ended on hwy 52 bridge.
#abronxtail is on... Great way to end a relaxing night
Headed to Diversity & Outreach Fair at 3pm (exhibits hall aisle 3800)
: Just downloaded your album, thanks to radio #KUT for playing it. Good stuff!
“: Dressing up as a polar bear and taking a picture of myself on a desert...#YOLO” have you done this ??
HA HA HA
I'm doing awesome! Chillin on the couch haha what's up
Tomorrow is #FF. Everyone should follow !!!
/ I love the #DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing #RG3 on #Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
Quality ingredients always makes quality food offers Great Food & Great Music! check out up coming events !!
The pressing question in my mind is, will the brunch remain? It's one of the best around, IMHO.
Remember, today is the last day to vote early in the 2010 primary run-off. You can find a list of voting locations at www.DalCoElections.org
happy hannukah officially
agreed, especially if they are talking extra loudly and purposefully trying to distract others from getting their workout on!
I think that VA Tech would work. Open up a new market for the SEC.
How can you live with yourself knowing your mother and baby sister are homeless and you have two empty bedrooms, and you dont offer them...?
i knew she was an awesome friend but only made it more clear when she made a 'package' comparison to David Bowie in 'Labyrinth'.
I'm curious about the sport of dressage; I'd like to know how many horses Mrs. Romney owns.
my spanish teacher obviously doesn't know me well if she thinks im actually going to write 50 sentences for her
wats up gurl?!?!!! When we gonna hang?!
I just can't win today.
Stay open eyes!
ok...now I get it. I must post something in order to be found...duh
Jus finished intro beat for the Arrival!!!
Tickets for on October 15, 2010 during Brick City Homecoming will be available online by the end of this month! Stay tuned!
Ooh I want to know more about this!
Link WIth the homey
how's the classiest man alive doing on this beautiful day?
I do know!! No hater this way EVERYBODY knows this is a Scorpio's world!!!
Be sure you get your copy of "Heaven" today on Itunes or CD Baby!
"Patrick Moran, Maryland director of the AFSCME dismissed the likelihood of retraining and said electronic tolling would hurt toll takers."
they say "Long days, but short years" re raising kids, really should be long days *and nights*
Yep, I have it for my guinea pigs. Their vet expenses can get expensive, fast.
Wonder how its going to unfold once I see you again
Take a drank BITCH!!! Trey Songz voice
Great #weapons training this morning.
Cam erlim is it? No its cam rellim. ;)
El Paso is waiting... RT Thank you Austin! Back soon for a full episode of
I'm an opportunist.
Great opportunities are always around you ask GOD to clear your vision that you may see what HE has set up just for you today!
on my desk:an empty Early Times bottle that held the last of last fall's apple juice, an open dictionary, jack kerouac cds, & a pink pony?!?
then they cry bout all the haters they have and wonder why they got so many!
"End of the Prelude" "Intermission" <-these title cards do not belong back-to-back.
hell u aint got no choice lol
These Doritos Locos tacos are brightening my life.
So when u see me and I'm crying ... Know that its your fault
PEOPLE FUCKIN THE WORLD UP
why on earth did i get an email about asain singles...
#nf she BAD too!
Hopefully we won't all contract typhoid over lunch RT : Pretty much had to ford a river to get to my train this morning.
What the crap?! I got my junk in the trunk ep in the mail today and when i uploaded it theres all these strange names XD
Need ideas for employee development OUTSIDE the classroom? Come to my 4pm session (TU320) rm 501 to learn + share!
I believe it's next week. Not sure yet tho
Tomorrow. Supermoon. Be careful out there.
I Ain't A Dumny Lol You The Dummy That Can't Spell Lol Jp
Faculty don't always have the ability or willingness to make blended learning happen.
For us the weekend begins today! Thursday'sHappyHour 4pm-7pm Gypsy performances 🎤🎸& 10% follow us deals! Stop by for Lunch 11:30-4pm🍴🍸🍻
Unfortunately not this year but I've attended in the past. Definitely one of the most valuable sportsbiz events I've seen.
hi victoria tomorrows my brothers birthday im not gonna be with him and i was wondering if you could b-day shout out him
wow it must be good!
Even when the sun isn't shining, God can shine from inside of you to warm and light the world.
I still think allison is alive
typing on word; started without WiFi, just copy and paste when I'm done.
Falling down is a part of life; getting back up is living
How can Tebows season qbr fall from 36 to 33 when he had a 55 for ne game?
“: GO FOLLOW ----> for the realest tweets I've seen....” U ain't ever lied that nigga is CLASSIC
What to do about another mom in the waiting area of gymnastics who is doused in fragrance? Offensively so?
I hate rules.
Always. I like that you included the underscore haha.
Admit it, if you told the truth about everything. No one would like you.
Listening to #HaterWednesday on
you teach or practice? RT : ok yoga is cancelled :-(
I love Ben Wright!!
keep up the great work!
Las cruces bound
♥ "M" ♥ RE-CONSTRUCTING MY WHOLE FB ♥ after FB totally F**ked Up My CONVERSION :( ♥ PLEASE BEAR W/ ME ♥ "LL&P" ♥ "M" ♥
CAN NOT SLEEP GRRRRRRRRRRRR
yes, so sorry! it's been crazy. will send info now!
Half a bagel w/almond butter & a banana consumed & some coffee. Waiting for our ride down to
i need something to do tonight.
going to do more of that this year too
I'm a Chicago artist! A lifelong photographer to be specific.... great tweets!
Bow-ties are classy.
denver broncos
Fuck you doing I need diddy %
Omg jewel osco has banana pudding. Fml.
Tuna for dinner... #yum!
George Smith Patton Jr.~ Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack.
Hi Sherry, not sure if someone alerted you but your acct has been hacked; we'e been getting msgs.
you know they were delish...
Great product. Tons of people messaged me and thanked me for sharing it on FB. What's your email? Our VC's pinged me on it too!
“: #Aquarians are the best at giving advice to others, but they can never seem to take it themselves” Omg! All the time... 😔
Wait - did the kick-off already happen?
uurrgghh!boring week
you can't win em all
Agreed! ": Come back soon! "
"If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck them." ~John Waters
Thanks for the #ff!
Remember when Obama repeated over and over again "Pass this jobs bill..." and republicans woke up the next day to block it.
That's the most convenient. Call me later this morning, I'd love to hear your plans.
Let's go West!
Something is happening in said Matrix.
Jay Leno said there's a new study that shows 80 year old women have more satisfying orgasms. Now we know why they put plastic on the chairs.
You may want to check w/your physician or call member services. Good luck!
Can't stop playing Gears
ouch.... hopefully May of 2012 will be brighter? :-)
You know it is going to be a weird morning when you wake up with Bela Lugosi's Dead running through your head.
Justin Bieber's perfume= Someday. Selena's perfume= One Day. Cody Simpson perfume= Everyday. WTF's next!? Rebecca Black with Friday?
You're welcome!
#PUNKD was awesome. Did u see it?
Seems a little entitled on a free service.
Destiny. His popularity and skill would fit with EG.
I'm a Lil slow sometimes lolol
RT : Do you ever have a day when you think, damn, my city is amazing? I had that day today. The latest of very many.
yea baby
Bright Side: Vice President Joe Biden was offered a job as an air traffic conroller. He'll be right at home sleeping on the job...
Images of America - Fort Myer made its debut at the Pentagon Library on 10 AUG 2011
yeah bc you got so chunky
"My dick can't breathe...now she gonna give me CPR"
Last Minute Special!!! The first person to schedule with us for 9am Thursday gets free x-rays! A $60 value, no insurance. 757-486-4880!
That's gone
But some nice guys do have good things happen. Look at how Mr. Court treats Lloyd, that's very real.
Watching Butch Vig jam on these epic songs is mindblowing.
Awesome #fireworks display from #FestaItaliana last night. Should have seen them from patios...breathtaking!
The Hunger Games Book 2: Girl on Fire
where the horns at ?
#il2011 interested in a scuba dive refdesk for #il2012? Find & I outside after the keynote.
Excited about nuptials in #Seattle on Saturday on #LakeUnion! #yayforweddings!
Okay everyone challenge of the day!!!!! 750 followers by midnight!! #ChicagoSkylineBand Come on guys!!! RT this!!
i might end up cussing everyone on twitter out....like damn lol
Lmao that's too dam lazy
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
uh, idk! I know a few ppl lol
Setting up the BIG SHOW in Chicago love ...
Want some company.... I hate bein alone for too long smh
Everyone has six people they know named Juan Gonzales.
my bed is just making so much sense right now...
Thanks! It's a mash up actually. Tree is a stock vector. I added the UMC cross and flame and text.
Id dont ever get good morning mentions
Aoki is in the house only let the party begin! and Steve Angelo so u better get ready cuz it's going to be classic!
Clay is on the bar tonight and he is lookin sharp in his purple shirt and tight pants Free App for each trivia team tonight Fun starts at 8
Delia has been accepted into the Albuquerque Film Festival. This is just 1 of 3 productions I act in that are playing this year at AFF! Yay!
The Great Paranoid...Available November 12
I feel unstoppable when I wear SNOCLOTHING haha. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Yoga tought me not to compete with anyone but myself, made me realize I am stronger than I think &allowed me to see who I am.
When is your next race bro? After seeing do his thing this weekend I'm anxious to see you tear it up! #arcadia 3200?
I may have posted on Sarah Jessica Parker once or twice as well, and there's always the team membership aspect. LOL
not yet. The rodeo is feb 28-mar 18 fyi
I just got off the bus, and now I'm home...yeeeeaaaahhhh
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
Great time at Copper Top last night!! Can't wait to come back!
Back in Madison. Thanks for a great weekend ! Congrats again and have fun in Greece.
Just cancelled Netflix on the eve of rate hike. Rate hike simply forced the evaluation that led to pulling the plug.
We all try - the girls try - the boys try - women try - men try - you and I try - we all try.
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
Nope, stay local. This is CLEVELAND's premier food & wine charitable event, after all!
RT : Need to own mobile app strategy in-house - tactical, one-off solutions won't work
Welp, I know what I'm doing on June 14 at 7 pm. See you there?
Nope, I've been here, just haven't chatted.
"Haters Be My Motivators!!"
~Movie night date with my boo boo ! #ParanormalActivity3 yes!
but you shouldn't have a menu in the first place! Hahahah jk! Can I borrow the menu?
I just cant sleep. I have a bad gut feeling ever since i saw that. Sad part is u dont even care.
Thank you for being there during last night's e-panic moment! #London2012 (cc: )
DEVIL'S DUE: A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Belt swings right through ANOTHER fastball and SF is down to its final out, Joaquin Arias
KILL YOURSELF. Women don't go to Barbers!!!!!!!!
Maura Marx: key principle of DPLA is access should be free to user
Lol I'm not taking this eoc shit seriously
what about the reviews??
thanks dudes.
Maybee If I Were Prettier He Would Want Me As His Official Girlfriend.
16k Austin area households now make over $200k; double from 10yrs ago.
Free tune and $1.99 album on Google music. Go get it!
There is a man audibly spittin' "What's Beef?" on the Amtrak. I almost joined in.
Hi Chris, Brett said I should talk to you about filming. Are you free anytime before 2pm today?
Budweiser Events Center gettin rowdy! Pawnee girls win 1A state title over Norwood. Now let's get the boys going!
Always great to see #35 tobi mom. So strong and smilling again. R.I.p. tobi
how do I find out more information about freelance writing?
Mine's making me reexamine my life, btw john carter part2 is out - wrath of titans
oh, & check the vote for Obamacare. I believe that ratio was described from Obama earlier this year as a 'clear majority' in 2009.
I agree I think Rodman started that
#supermoonpocalypse There. I said it.
Headed 2 #woodtour tonight w/o tix lookin 4a miracle! Gonna b live tweeting the set if I get in, sorry #fb friends!!
RT : Happy Birthday to Cary Winscott. I miss you, buddy.
haha its all good
...See blogspot "Dad29" for expose on the hypocrisy of Warren Buffet. Some scrolling required.
You should pick me because I would give it to my parents so they can finally spend time together :| #Hollywood Xmasparade.
Solar energy does not produce harmful emissions and is delivered to your home by the sun!
I usually love Mike Birbiglia, but I really didn't get into this too much. ah well.
You belong with me.
Workin at Soul Asylum Studios!.. although its not work when your doin what you love!..
Everything is a blur
Foster The People. Helena Beat.
Early production meeting for #DifferentHats a new writing/directing project.
Good Morning #BullsFam! Game Freaking Day!
love my boo
I love you , all of the directioners do , you're beautiful ! <3
settle down there Randy.
are talking about the Celtics, ESPN Chicago, and Memphis at 6am, no clue how to focus on NYC
no tooth? Either too early or too late for SEC fan Halloween costume.
In Indiana
Excellent. We look forward to it. Likely it will be right here at our office, but we'll say for sure later this week.
YAY!!! No school today!!! I love the snow :) 
This day.
no its not, I havent seen that ...
do you have video?
now she has her foot in my ribs
I can't breathe without you, but I have to <3
fighting words!
Hahahaha. Honestly you're beautiful no matter what. So stop being so modest. ;)
If you aren't watching turn on the UNLV game!! #NCAA. Big comeback!!!
“: Living in a house that was built in 1946 in this windstorm <” m fo real
Looks like the baby is going to wait until Easter to come make an appearance, can't come soon enought
i've my first meeting today at my now job, kinda nervous ;)
Hey! How are you?
Haha, Amy, I got one from the ATM and then a box of SIX from inside the store. Might have gone a little overboard, but hey... :)
High carbs are good for #athletes in training! In fact necessary to perform at your highest level.
Whew, just used a #foamroller for the first time. It was a little sexy!
Task of the Day: Photoshopping a stuffed bison in a Hawaiian shirt on to the Space Needle.
Respect me that's all I ask.
yoga this morning!
i think george michael lied about not dancing again
Spent 1.5 hrs coaxing semi-feral #cat back inside. Evil ho is now cuddled on mama's lap. The OTHER mama. I am the box-cleaner/food-fetcher.
i see that saying everywhere! And i have no idea what it means, can you please explain it
oh I definitely don't feel bad for you at ALL! I'm all trying to have pity but forget about it! I take it all Back!!!
Kudos to #RIT friends at for good citizenship in “adopting” a section of Westfall Road!
do what I do, eat some taco bell and then work out for two hours. That's what I'm about to do now.
Too bad all the prize winners at 's Tweetup weren't community members of Alaska Tweets.
GOOD LUCK
Time for an Irish breakfast :) m
are gettin fired up for DRINKO!
#iste11 ok where can I get this video
I liked the gym today...if you know what I mean 😉
Per , Butler target PF Luke Fischer '13 added an offer from Dayton this week.
Watching NASCAR in HD
Free potato chips at Fred Meyers today
Twitter ops iPhone thumbs
Settling in. At the bar getting dinner & a tasty drink.
- why are you in Denver?
Not only phone calls, I can schedule my month on a run, appointments, reminders, the whole 9. Thank you
Don't cry lots more chances to come. Smile and have a great weekend! Good luck Monday too
“: When I say "Thank You" the response isn't "Yep" or "No Problem"... #yajagoff ”
Rite On Do Dat!
Take ownership and responsibility for your actions...
can't believe you said you wanted to call in sick when it aired, nice job!
I'd kill for hot weather. Good thing I'm going home on Friday
jamming out with my buds
Being the Olympic logistics provider is a high risk/reward for them. Great opportunity if everything goes as planned!
Diazo Duplicating Film: low-cost alternative microfilm, has fallen into disuse because of its short shelf life, degrades with everyday light
RT : niggas that talk the most, know the least
helping #JETSNATION is what I do
Mom brought Baby Wallace home again.
Kanye could go a long way to making amends with and Nashvile by matching her donation tonight
Got to watch most of Mets game today but I'm gonna miss the Rangers game tonight. #galadinner #highschoolreunion Let's go #NYR!
#HIRING treasury analyst in
Two objectives on "yesterday was St. Patrick's day": Drink and meet Mary. No fights.
.. Another would just say " WAR". He has. He's a lawyer. He brought a shiny young man slave to hold his miniature soda bottle.
Follow me!(:
yard sales are great for finding workout equipment, that and second hand sporting good stores, often find unused stuff.
Just found out that the solution gives for searching for date ranges is "muck around with query parameters in the URL".
Why am I up so early? I just want to sleep!💤💤
I want to go ice blocking.
It's very frustrating that no one can figure out what the hell is wrong with my neck.
lol yeah they did. I think he was being sincere in his choice though...still won't get my vote lol! No way, no how!
Rain in DC since March 1 now almost 60% below average Moderate drought conditions increasing in area
While the collective noun for a bunch of cubs is called a "litter", a group of crows is called a "murder of crows".
I'm watching new years eve too. I love SATC! I cry during the show and movies.
Join us and Parenting Editor of for Tweetchat tom. at 7PM ET on Parenting in the digital age.
Anyone else having problems changing their dp.. Or is it just me?
are you alive?
Just watched Tucker & Dale vs. Evil. I hope next time I'm mistaken for a killer in the woods will be there to help.
are u serious the most followers i got in a shoutout was like 4
follow back? :)
There's 2 hours till prom and no ones asked me yet.. well this is awkward
Dont worry I will !!
K Kyle French drilled a 52 yarder, but his 57-yd attempt was just short.
Today Green or Red Chile cheese dog fries and a drink for only 7.00
Back in the cities :)
Be safe, save the actual crawling for end-of-night ...
Does cinco de mayo always fall on May 5th?
Hm... thats a good question... thinking MC for Master Carnie or something... I will have to get official word :)
Want to practice your interview skills? Come to our mock interview workshop March 15! Contact us for info.
He's so sexy and the way that he was into the music last night. I almost died.
How u figure?
I'm glad we got this figured out so quickly
Once you have a little taste you'll want more.
I love feeling accomplished for the day
I hate huffpo headlines for iPad. Like I just saw "My". Tell me what the article is about, morons. Didn't anybody there finish J-school?
When is the draft?
So sick of Ben Zobrist!
I agree. He still didn't play as bad as Dwade tho lol
Welcome back to twitter ! Yeah me! #Winning! Welcome to twitter ! Hit me up dude, let's chat!
Why do you have Santorum on your show, Leno? WHY?!?
Mama Claiborne Crying...aw
Of course you are.
lol... wow don't expose em...
Been hungover since yesterday! Partied and then Partied even more when I got home. Succesful st partys day
woo party! Congrats Lexie on graduating !
We gotta keep our heads up its a long season lets go get in Pitts ass
“: you never drink whenever we do!” i know but i will just for you 😉
I could not have a job in PR because I'm "not likable". Good thing I married
listening to that little voice I believe is like opening the door to your creative mind.doing it is being a magician of things
You guys are awesome! xoxo
Thank you so much <3
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
You should've been on Madison Ave
I miss you too man!! Get ready for crew bonding time
Get your hot rods ready to rumble!! Cause were going to drink until we die!
The Nationals have won three games in a row. Have they even done they this year?
No offence Quiznos but your food sucks, Subway is wayy better
Vodka has no carbs
be yourself. NO ONE can beat you at being you!
Your boy had one heck of a game Sunday night. Hopefully, he can have another good one tonight
Omg. What just happened?
This is why I give up.
Is anybody trying for a NHS leadership spot?
She can't even shoot with a sniper.
We have CHEAP tickets for our 1PM show at TRI-C PARMA! SHAMROCKFEST 3/17! Celebrate st pats with us!
I love you! That's all :)
oh my gosh !!! so excited #MahoneToLA cant wait ! <3
Teachers, you give me alot of homework,my handwriting is so sloppy its almost unreadable. Sincerely, deal with it.
