40hrs awake :: I got the slowness in :: looking for. I got up with some nostalgia tongues. Of all things :: which one's to-say. Right there.
The best kind of afternoon! RT : It's a coffee, chocolate & hip-hop kind of afternoon.
Sort of in the middle stages - arranging and recording. The fun part, I guess. Mixing is next, which is the part I like least. :)
i'm always looking out for you cause' you're the one i miss.
sucks cause she told me her twitter name was jmitchell_60
Lolz! RT:: Oh no, some stranger must've stolen my phone and sent you those 17 texts last night. It wasn't me, I swear.
I knew my Wizard Powers would work on your house >:P
If anyone is aware of existing tools that do batch PDF/a grabs of websites, paint me very interested.
I wonder if I ever cross your mind. For me it happens all the time. </3
My family is polarized on the issue of Marlee Matlin.
Researching some Bro Clothiers in Austin. Excited to check out & What else is out there?
I love that ring!
Eat first
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow on 106 & park lol love look pretty cute sexy
"secretly, i didnt like it" bahahahaha
Hey #FantasyFootball fans! Week 5 of www.hottubspeeperpicks.com is online! And celebrating Breast Cancer Awareness!
Spread the love.
I think I can make that happen. i know it's right at dinner time for you. If you'd rather, I can do later. Ill be up late.
ha ha don't play
#ICantStandPeople (girls) that go out in public with no bra on
I'm still here! Working to beat a deadline... :)
cost me several hours of sleep last night. Much too interesting.
“NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict w Usinger’s Saucisschen Sausage, Spinach, Caraway Biscuit, Fried Eggs, Onion Strings and Beer Cheese Sauce.
#np MCR- Thank You For the Venom
LOL thanks so much!
... Do you even know who ADNAN SAKLI is ... You need too.
The Asian tourist next to me was going THROUGH it. I forgot how much I loved that movie though. " I'd rather be his whore than your wife. "
That ring at least once is supreme over HOF career. Although there is something for a trail blazer
haha u tried to kiss her first day
Fast Fact: The color originally associated with Saint Patrick was blue.
Perhaps that is what aligns his porn, sf, and theory: they all insist on the literal; they all say "this is happening"
or newspaper or anything else that is fun
Can't wait to hear your guys' next album. I bet it'll be just as wonderful. Have a wonderful rest of the day.
I'm mad af!
Yup, you should renew your winter timeshare.
Trying to finalize speakers and location for getting started social media seminar for June. Thinking simple is best.
Balboa Park Cacti Photos
WAHOO!!!!!!! And they've already raised twice their goal in just a couple hours!
Vile Weed
I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me
Hoping everyone has a "SUPER SWEET" Weekend!
My mom + My dad - Condom = Greatest person alive ;)
I need a nap.
Shouting you out brotha, you are not forgotten. Crunch time at UTA. We'll holla soon!
#ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Nothings fine i'm paul;)
ok just realized how that could b taken lol but hopefully you know what I meant
No one sniffs Kobe
The WWE Universe just got robbed out of a great match.... It's Wrestlemania, not Thursday night Thunder
why?! Its hott! I've only seen men with it. Its not feminine at all! Very unisex! Lol!
be safe and have a fun trip ! God bless!(:
#StopOahiRail Vote for to de-rail this disaster and save Oahu worldwide embarrassed on this joke of a rail project.
Heading to the halloween store to pick up some black cloaks for the to wear for their gonna be a good one
perfecto! See you tonight :)
thanks for the feedback!
Looking forward to getting tipsy with the Dutch boyz
Pregnant women are so freaking moody. Chill the fuuckk out
PerkStreet April Personal Finance Pulse: Financial Savvy is Sexy
just unsubscribed from the Travis email list I signed up for when I was 16... g'bye to Fran and the gang! :p
what should i do with this bottle? Oh just hide it behind that chair. Good call they never even knew
I'm happiest when I'm….NOT receiving promoted Tweets on my Twitter feed...RT Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm...
I know right!!! So fuckin true!
Eager doesn't belong on that list. Mayers much better. What happened to Mayers? Rest of list solid.
RT : . Rodney aka "Uncle Ben" appeared to be a gentleman babygirl. #Vh1ToughLoveNewOrleans<~~not my type boo
Idc. U still lahh me. :P
I literally cannot function online without #GoogleChrome. Heading to the MAC store for help.
Well with the dancers it used to be through the mash-up but right now I am creating an event to bring young artist together.
I hope I have enough in my bank account or wait until friday and use my mom money lol
He sitting there looking surprised as fuck
side of the room is now cleaner than my side of the room. How could this happen?!
Totally digging #RockCenter ! #bwilliams you're awesome! Congrats!
Human Papillomavirus (HPV) is transmitted through vaginal, oral or anal sex as well as skin-to-skin contact.
yea don't know what that is lol
Maybe Rangers should wait until end of year to settle ": Contract-year Josh Hamilton is a pretty scary beast."
Thanks, we dig your stuff as well. *group hug* :)
ACK! Watch KUSI! I am at a wedding Friday, strangled in tafetta, darling! We reunite next Friday.
I'd pay money to have someone make my iTunes start downloading podcasts again. It's been a month since it worked.
Tweet tweet. Hi there facebookland. We have a twitter. Also, 2 peanuts were walking down the street when one was assaulted.
Because they are two bad people lol.
it was too much for my tiny budget
you too!
... gift bags, access to all fashion shows, and even a raffle! How can you miss it? Contact me for more information. Let me tell you, it's a
try documents to go. I think it works via a sync cable. Check on that before you buy, but I'm pretty sure.
someone jus blew the shit out of me!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/20/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I think everyone just did there own thing. Lol I had my own skip day when I went to meet Khleo lol everyone there had skipped.
Just because I have a "boy's nickname", old man, doesn't mean my parents thought I was going to be a boy...
I didnt ask for money or mansion in malibu. I simply asked for one more day with you
no nevermind. i'd never do that.
Howdy and thanks for the follow. :)
step away for a day and miss a match!
Stoked for a shoot later with ! Chillin at the Hilton with , , and
i swear if summer is like this , raining all the time, im gunna cry !
ok will hit you up this week.
Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs.
Oh, Modest Mouse, you never cease to amaze me.
Bored bored bored. What a loser I am.
Sometimes, if I know its coming, I *say* "burp" as it happens. I call it 'meta-burp' & then I kill myself for being a douchebag.
: Lol! Are you freaking kidding me?! What-an-ass!
hi. random ?. do u remember a campaign u ran on Twitter last year to have peeps submit photos of nature in their backyard?
How often do players come back to play after a torn ACL...anybody know?
It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
The menu sounds awesome! RT : Unbelievably excited that starts lunch today!
of course babe (;
Thanks, Chuck! : Recommend
fuhh I wish I had someone to cuddle with rn. D;
Can't wait for Easter with the family... This means I'm that much closer to the #CoolCreekConcert series!
But we all have a bad side, lol
Next up - #Ninoh - acts like your second brain. Tracks your activities, guides you on what to do next.
Working on this great web database project that will actually "design" an outdoor living space based on items that you select. Neat.
I'd hate to see what baseball tonights ratings are tonight
#writechat Best advice - I use that summary sentence idea with interviewees 2 help them succinctly say most important point.
Planning the April "Eco-friendly" issue of V&V, any one from our circulation area with story ideas please email me at alane…
Best thing about working in #PR or #Marketing is becoming an expert on new things.
Just finished watching a fantastic FIM world super bike race from Donington Park on Speed. Both BMW riders taken out on final lap..
8 picks for tonight, get all 8 for $20 or 4 for $10. Can't beat these deals people, on an MLB tear right now! Email us for more info
Food Fact of the Day: 1879 Saccharin was discovered by Constantine Fahlberg and Ira Remsen at Johns Hopkins University.
Haha dragon breath havin ass nigga! RT : "I got a girlfriend, she jus don't live around here".......oh, you...."That" nigga.
it kinda made me in the mood to go party under a blacklight.... dang it! i shouldda looked at myself to see if i was purple too!
RT if you NEVER get tired of hearing 's songs! <333 i know i dont :)
I was looking at the zombie race "Run For Your Lives" last night & couldn't figure out who is sponsoring? Did CNN report that?
up and at it already on that grind. going to be a productive day. cant wait for tomorrow night though..good things coming.
just arrived in Philly. Will be playing a set after a screening of Make-out With Violence at Bob & Barbaras. Starts at 9.
So I guess Newt Gingrich gave up too.
OK, #Klout is dumb. It thinks I am "knowledgeable" about LOUISANA. WHY?! CLEARLY I CANNOT EVEN SPELL IT CORRECTLY W/OUT SPELL CHECK!?
Thanks Catherine! :)
Watching Ridiculousness then going to sleep!
Not too bad for the last day of Winter! 60 already :D
not a band, not an orchestra, but a ....
come back to pittsburgh soon! :)
i should get off twitter now :'} but im gonna miss my boy fried tyler posey :{ dam randy!
My head is pounding like shit.
Thank you for the follow, !
you were on our Skynyrd email! Did you check your spam box? We used mailto:
“Knowledge is only potential power”
#allthethings The rest of us can only dream of "Price Parity"
hahaha i wana see u do that
Haha now the weird happy ending..
Happy Monday! :) It looks like the women's Soccer team has qualified for the Olympics. Did anyone watch the NHL all Star game?
Sounds like in Franklin League Baseball the Royals ran the table and took home the crown
Gamblers don't get variance and says he likes to work with investors not gamblers.
HEY CLASSIC NEVER GETS OLD THE INTERNETS GETTING CUT FOR MAINTENANCE AT 1PM SO THIS WI
hehe we will fill you in later :) we are all hanging out
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants - Sacramento Bee
Seniors are telling their stories and sharing their knowledge at the Jane Addams Senior Caucus.
or freaking Pete Townsend?!?!
Holy Crap, ninfas ain't playin with a margarita
Hey Los Angeles! Just a reminder I&#39;ll be Playing @ Viper Room Lounge this Tuesday, March 20th @ 8.30pm! See Y&#39;all there! -BAC
Sorry, man, but you got Tebowned today.
The best classic, all-you-can-eat, family friendly, Friday fish fry in Milwaukee is?
Headed out again! Flying to FL for several women's events in Indian Rocks and Jacksonville - these churches are amazing and I'm psyched!
“Now that it’s over. I should have known better than to think this is real and you could be mine.
We out chea building an empire... Be on the lookout
haha!! The one and only
Great chats about empowering social entrepreneurs at
wishing I was at the derby.......
Has anyone who submitted to State Museum of Pennsylvania's Art of the State heard back yet?
Thnx! Will try out GroupCamp too.
you girls are just a bunch of skanks ! ... That I miss of course!
Thanks for the #ff, Catherine!! Have an excellent weekend!!
I did but I decided to have pizza at Pizza Hut/Taco Bell :-)
Can't wait to see my girl tonight :)
should i read anything into all the white commentators who have never met henry louis gates repeatedly referring to him as "skip"?
Thanks for the Mention Ciara.. Enjoy Your Day/Evening
And, the bleach can ruin your clothes FAST!
Proud of you Gaston! RT : Great presentation about . . Keep it up :)
Happy Mothers day to
#Personofinterest is hitting #domesticviolence on the target!!! tune in!
It's a sunny kind of day and I'm excited for so many things I can't wait any longer.
love love love you too baby! Next week ;)
I have a lot of respect for you!
All love returned fully! I had a wonderful time tonight, so nice to see you.
REVEILLONS LES CONSCIENCES
time to get my work done round here ..have a great monday #STEELERNATION and be kind to one-another
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-67
I like the draft pick coming back. Do u think Blazers are done dealing?
Last day of #pcbw is here. That was the fastest 8 day week ever! What did you like best? How are you celebrating the final day?
good luck! let me know when yiy get back!
lmao lmao I love you for this
Don't forget to include or #HRD2011UR in your tweets so that they can be tracked and followed as a class.
After that showing by Molina, we had better win this game. Cannot reward that sort of bush league behavior.
will be one of the judges at the CariBooty Shaking contest..... He knows ASS when he sees it!
ty. Will do.
Looking forward to rooting for our beloved Lakers in the playoffs!
this time tomorrow ill be on my way to destroy a rack. im hyped
Time for some church!
read it again. If congress allows. First pobs were tax exempt. Rule changed.
Getting seen at the health center. Hoping I don't have strep
Thanks for the follow check out
I hope all the little kids running around my backyard step in dog shit
Wow, Nice. Hope your rehearsal is going well.
Chick-fil-A for dinner. =) Yummy
Check out
Filed my DROP (Deferred Retirement Option Program) papers yesterday. Weird feeling to know it is all coming to an end in 5 years.
Playoffs here we come!
#SallyAdams discusses the meaning of "Restoring the Airplane" at #YPABQ #LunchWithLeaders event sponsored by New Mexico Business Week…
Thanks for the mentions this week!
Excited to release brand new website! Few hours to go. . .
That's what I like to hear! Just got done with ours on this end. Now time for work!
Don't ever judge me on what shows I watch now!
laughing here also!!!
Inside the NBA is one of the best sports shows on TV
i'm from nebraska
it's not usable. Junk yard worthy
I saw the gayest show this weekend and didn't even get laid! I had a pair of new sneaks too! -Kitty
Just sent. Thanks!!
just finished practice...new song is awesome
Tim Duncans what color?
do you work or go to school, wat you do ma
So I just want to announce that what I thought was a mouse in my apartment yesterday morning, was only a bathmat. Cc:
Hardcore Pawn is so annoying! These peeps are ratchet for real ✋😒
Thanks for suggesting the Missed Connections theme, !
Thanks for the Mention :)
Trying to decide between 1 Shopping Cart or J Rox for affiliate progrm? What is better and WHY?
“: #Libras don't ever mean to steal your shine but the spotlight will always follow a #Libra.” absokutelyyyy
Thanks for the RTs and Tumblr love, buddy!
PS i heard your song this wknd, sung liveby A.T.E. live
i didn't help pick that one; second time was "Re-Elect Mayor Sanders." that didn't take long to come up with
thank you for showing some of my code from my #jdmw presentation in your Lynda.com recording. I'm honored!
It felt real, then you wake up pissed off
When you see someone on facebook and your like awh she's pretty! Then you see her in person and your like is that even the same person!
I'm willing to bet 10 dollars that my brother will be late to his own graduation in 4 hours. Any takers?
okayy well just key me knoww
Is it wrong that i laughed at a little kid trip while walking out of the school bus?
Delaware possessing the puck in the early minutes of the 2nd
My great aunt literally has a book shelf full of nothing but bibles haha
lol I was just tired
Just smile, it might not make your problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with you.
Just got a cup of coffee from the emo version of Nathan Lane.
we have a long way to go...
she goes running at 10?! Thats scary! Yea she was gonna lend me her death note movies
Me too!
I'm reading Imperial Leather: Race, Gender and Sexuality in the Colonial Contest by Anne McClintock. Great read!
Stop taping flyers to my kneecaps!! What is wrong with you people?!
Why in the world is Game 7 Lakers-Nuggets on at 10:30 Saturday night?
first i need a job cause i need money to buy him food and stuff so until then he is staying back home D:
The awkward moment when you want to tweet about someone but they're following you.....
Amen. I'll receive that!
Now I get the instagram dl email
They AREN'T, 360,000 people receiving food stamps out of 22 million people with advanced degrees represents only 1.6%.
lmao so when u wake up BAM he's there
RT #icantstandpeoplethat wear see-through leggings as pants. gag.//welcome back to the states
PODCAST EMERGENCY! (sort of) Last minute cancellation. Any composers or new music performers want to be on the show Sunday at 11am ET?
"Preaching to the Queer", "Queer Voices", "Shades of Rainbow", "Colorful Queers", "Inquire Within", "The Quorum", "Q-We're"
I tried to clean the floor once when out with a friend and he was like, "Let the help do their job!"
Lots of Windows Phones at The National concert tonight.
Austin's big announcement
I only got 26 mins of sleep, and they were right before my alarm turned on :-/ WRONGY!!!!!
Stay away from me. Stop following me on social media or I'm going to file harrassment charges.
The winner of our FIRST Twitter contest is...........
You must be Above the bar r those who have coughed up the dough. Indulged Hubby 1 father's day a few years back.
Trying to register #webservius for Microsoft
Not horrible... at all. ^_^
I swear I think I have split personalities sometimes. Its not easy being a gemini.
Oh ok...Well at least that's not the whole summer. You have fam in Dallas?
enjoy the homoerotic undertow.
If Taylor Swift & Bruno Mars went out & broke up, there would be some great relationship songs made.
Hey everybody we are on our way to the show in mansfield at the wired venue! Come see us tonight with behold the kingdom!
I'm on a mission
and Thats wat i like 2 see fire under ur teams ass and put other teams on notice that this yall CHAMPIONSHIP
Presenting a project today for anatomy, then I'm basically done with that class since I already took the final
Can't wait until Reunion in May!
ok go to hell, cause thats where ur headed.
Finished seminar on Poe in Graham's. Murders in the Rue Morgue + c. 19 sheet music = awsome!!
Best of luck to and as they go for the Elite Eight tonight in #MarchMadness!
I'll hold your ass.......... Accountable that is
Getting very busy! We just received a donation from a wonderful organization so that allows us to get some new projects going!
Yesh pwease. right backatcha sweets ! ny again? so jelly.
“: can you just imagine vincent in a v-neck, skinny jeans, a beanie, & his glasses? SWEET BABY JESUS, someone hold me~”ik
It's amazing how long it takes me to wake up for work or class and how fast I'll get up to study for a midterm for 4 hours
Heading home after a 10 day adventure of mountains, grizzly bears and race cars. Life is strange!!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F PARTLY CLOUDY
OK #amrheartfilms website is re-vamping, our new film #wakeup is is T-Minus 25 days from going whole hog: www.amrheartfilms.com
awareness, play ( not kidding) + less stifling of markets by corporations
Do not be nervous just remember he is human just like you and me
Keep your head and your heart in the right direction and you will have to never worry about your feet......
what's going on there?
There are bagpipers playing outside the Mayflower. Is it for Police Week?
ha. i live there, too!
aww thank you you was cute to with your bright headed self!
I have never wanted the clapper so bad.
that's why I have to stay away.
Did just say can of corn? Wtf?
I need a female manager I have the talent who want to get rich with me write back and leave a contact number.
how's about a follow? I got you
I like women. Not girls
DNCJ is also in hard copy (Academia Press & The British Library, 2009) but online edn is updated every so often
Thanks for tweeting our blog post out last night :)
You are so right. I've lived it, so I know.
Watching #TheBlackSwan for my first time !
thank you for the RT & #FF!
Thank you for following me! Check out my show tonight: www.sa-urban.com 6:30pm CST
lol I got one
Meant to ask, which #ianmcewan book were you listening to? reading "Solar" right now and love it.
Thanks, man. Its pretty freaking cool. Although it would be cooler if I also still owned a house! :)
we should put a poll up see which home games. But tell people to only vote if they can actually make it, not just want to
"I got it bad, got it bad, got it bad..."
You Better Be Or I'd Have To Come Over There &Make You Ok. ;)
Is that Schwimer's fastball or impression of Joe Borowski's slider? I seriously can't tell. Not a good thing.
“: “: #MentionTo someone you really need in your life.” my grandma ❤” #agreed💘
ain't that the truth
Where can you get high quality handmade olive oil soap, bath bombs, and bath salts? www.thesoapguy.com
Me: Yay! Homemade cookies! :D Mom: ...You bought the mix... Me: YES, but I made it at home. :3
Is speaking at Saving Green Together at Loyola University
That's awesome, best of luck on your move to the east!
If u wanna leave bets to believe ima let u spread them wings!!!
needs to re-send me her bb pin because my phone deleted it before I could add it. Thanks!
Have you seen our video on the homepage? Watch it now! www.georgetown.edu
Yeah,sure!
you mean Florida, right? ;)
Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a cop.
one more reason to visit HK this summer: our study abroad program partner!
Happy Single Awareness Day!! Isn't it just fabulous...?
After having a hard day youd think that one person would come home to cheer you up not make your day shittier. thanks
Who's the biggest disappointment in Fantasy Football thus far this season? Let us know and we'll mention it on this week's podcast.
So glad I am transferring out of PTC. Their Online instructors need to get with the program and look at the schedule of PTC.
Friendship is like a bank account. You can't continue to draw on it without making deposits.
Hi... Thanks so much for the RTs!
why am I not asleep.
tell me something I don't know<333
a lot of them left everything to escape Castro on rafts though - I agree that its free speech though.
Mondays would be "? " And Fridays "!" RT : if days were punctuation, wednesday would be the ellipsis.
#WaysToImpressMe If your weed can be smelt from 5 miles away..
Patio's open, come on by!
#pac12tourney needs new venue each year
1 week to #runcolfax! Join us for an epic race! 91 Charity Partners, 5 events, a mile high!
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person
According to Autumn Marisa, a personal email is best way to reach out to a reporter. Keep it short, newsworthy, and relevant.
This construction is DC is never ending.
Thanks everybody for the support! 72 @ mentions since my post. Party soon and your invited!
President #Obama to #China: The #US is disappointed with your veto on
I'll be in NY on Fri...when are you leaving the city?
Will I ever find you my love?
Been listenin 2 the Monkees all week, so fun fact: In 1967, the Monkees outsold The Beatles and The Stones, and Hendrix opened for them
For his career, Izturis has been very solid defensively. He certainly hasn't looked good this year, though.
Whoa. Another quake.
Awww! Thanx for including me in your morning shout luv! Hope you had a nice Moms Day! <3
My dream.. My black and white portrait of my unlce ": Before I die I want to get tattooed by Kat Von D."
Not ready for school...don't want to go but I AM ON A MISSION, I HAVE PPL TO SAVE NOW!
Tell yo baby daddy that he super weak.
why?? You looked so cool
“: what r u up to? smile.” this really made my day a lot better. thank you, justin.
HaPPY FRIDAY
Love getting phone calls from Germany. Haven't had one of those in months! :)
Ray Allen'S momma is so cute and so proud
We tweet each other the same things.
You can only vote 10 times, despite the fact that you can call endlessly. 90 of my 100 calls didn't count, but I don't care! Win it, Tony!
congrats on the weight loss, how much have you lost total?
Must not eat entire cake sitting in the fridge. Look, a lovely carrot! nnnngggghhh....
New Products in Stock:Hydratherma Naturals Botanical Defining Gel
Where are you based? Los Angeles?
Ugh, why is it so difficult to get 6 people in a room together at the same time?
impact factor GET! eigenwhatshisname just co-authored 457 articles with me
terrible. swallowed whistle twice on fouls by UNC.
It is possible that Kristin Cashore is burning this church down. The light behind the cross sparked, and now it smells of chemical smoke...
2 days down - 2 days to go....this 14+ hour manual labor work days aren't much fun haha- Eye on the prize, #NewOrleans on Monday..
Exciting news. We're up for a prestigious family business award in Massachusetts. Winners announced at a big ceremony tonight!
Yep! What are you up to this weekend?
well I'm in nogiii ^_^
The Avengers was so awesome i waited an hour to Go Pee D;
#TheAvengers lived up to everything that was promised. Great job at blending everyone in.
listeing to Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey
excellent pass and yes I heard you but wasn't sure who it was, thanks for telling me lol
Hey, shoot me that list when you've got it, k? So I can get some thoughts down before the conference...
I'll be there... When you fall -floor
I cannot believe how much I needed a vacation.
Come on lakers get this done...
#mudmelt Joan has made art from mud with the mostly space element of iridium. This element crucial in determining asteroid hits.
From fighting for the #AJA to helping homeowners, it’s all here with the Weekly Wrap Up: OFA.BO/nnmjnP
I'm ready to go to Fredonia!
Getting ready for the #baconwrappeddates challenge. Wonder which contestants will finish?
Oh, Mr. Darcy, you'll always have my heart you silver fox.
Calling off the board games, beer and awesome tonight due to the weather. See ya next week! :)
u all here
Uh oh. The OSU-Stanford game just became Ray Finkle, part 2.
@ Rivercity marketplace for shopping and dinner with Magnificent Mom and Wife..this place is bigger then i thought!
You're not missing out xD They aren't that great.
teacher loan forgiveness mostly unworkable, at least in my wife's experience. Nelnet a bad actor in certifying eligibility.
yeah thanks Chad for all your hard work appreciate it!!!
My wife is getting a windows phone...I'm so proud!
im in college right now, lookin for a job, blah borin stuff really,lol
had my first Über ride tonight...most excellent!! So great it has me wondering if it's cheaper than owning a car?!
the 23rd is open if you want that Thursday.
Very happy to have you as a #Guacstar RT : Yeah so this burrito is spectacular. I'll be back
Whoops! Still, yay!
#realathletes dont complain bout a broken nail
We're obviously not looking for the same thing in each other. And that's always my problem.
YES YOU ARE FUCKED! SHIT OUT OF LUCK! NOW I'M COMPLETE AND MY COCK YOU WILL SUCK
Fucking lame asses.
I dream of you when I'm asleep, you even appear when I'm awake daydreaming. There is no escaping you. I just wish it was true. Goodnight ;)
Good night
Q1: Do you have a server? Q2: Mind using an existing theme? I can get virtually any premium theme if you have 1 in mind.
Delaware G #33 SJ Broadt with a great save on the PK to keep the lead 2-0.
I called your mom phone
10-0 run for the Bulldogs as Crishawn Hopkins is finally playing to his potential.
I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV. Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience.
In a Ministry meeting
it is in Hanover, IN! ☔
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority. - Proverb
you are a tough MF for pursuing the rematch. Honestly, you shouldn't have to. You won.
nope you look Asian
“: man this is what i do gangsta! Hahah”loll
Dreams do come true!!
please do NOT DM me
I hope you'll be hungry when you get home. We wanna fill you with snacks.
Never to early. Champagne is the way to start.
Today is a good day to start thinking about Spring. We'll be having a greenhouse again for your live plant needs. I, for one, can't wait.
Is watching Jeremy Kyle with the twins!!
And that is the game, folks.
Movies with the fam c;
- no you didn't! :) Should have waited till you got to the REAL Jewel of the Meadowlands!
Is anybody out there? I feel like I'm talking to myself, no ones seems to know my struggle,& everything I've come from. Can anybody hear me?
I wouldn't miss that trip for the world! #gettinhitchedbyelvis :D
Starting to get sick on this treadmill!!
Nigga- Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished
I am well....#whatchadoin?
I was painting a twitter war with a RWNJ when I awoke from my vivid dream
martha locked me out of my ipod touch for five minutes. i love my friends :) #saturdaynights are great
Not in the mood for anyone today omfg
Final arrangements at 10am tomorrow, i last session at 12pm w/ D - Rock and it's off to Mix and Master courtesy of
all you'll have to do is find us and tweet me a picture of you with one of us :)
church was truly amazing today 🙏 now to hang out with my pretty 💗
That's so true about leaving comfort zone! No risk, no rewards!
Ha. Read that wrong. When you said redundancy, thought you meant the Spurs - since they've been here many times. My bad.
Call to make last minute reservations for Meet the Farmers! Featuring , PASA, Clarion River - 412-281-2602
Drat! Forgot lunch from home. Salad to be delivered soon!
Nicest day of the year and Phish announces two shows at Noblesville/Deer Creek this summer. Loving the central IN life today.
for sure the best ecommerce system on the market!!!
Work work work....
How many points does ravenclaw have??
And that's a wrap! Family time for a few weeks then off-season/AAU
I knew I lived in the windy city, but this is too much. Who's with me #chicago?
Waiting for interview. Nervous as all get out.
“: - yes, it is huge for the LA Rams (who will get every player the skins would've gotten for the next 4 yrs).” 3yrs
#mistakesGIRLSmake falling for someone when they KNOW tht the other person doesn't feel the same way.. :/
Just came back from a Tupperware meeting. Had alot of fun, very motivating. I love me team!
Thank you all for your concerns, Im doing much better and waiting for my results. I love you all <33
I could've told you that…
quote tweet if I should Change my dj name?
Lmao maybe my friends just don't like you.
Happy Mother's Day to the most wonderful and deserving mom in the world....love you Mom! :)
There are a lot of Brittanys at this Graduation.
Yes very stylish blazer. The yellow color is perfect for Spring.
“The church did the most for the world when the church was the least like the world.” - Campbell Morgan
Lunch totally sucks!!!!
more for me!!!
EXPERIENCED Retail Manager....Seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
This is the second time roshon and chelsie have been in the dance duel seriously?!! Ugh stop putting them in it! :(
Jets fans love booing
About to start conference at Quad
why is everyone so SHORT?! I'm not even in HEELS!
maybe I'm naïve, but can recruiters access your FB given privacy settings? Frankly, they'd be bored w/mine!
RT : Took our son out for his FIRST ride on our Buddybike!!! He loved it!! Thank you so much...is so enjoyable!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust2857
one minute til
guess what...IM IN LOVE WITH SAY SOMETHIN<33
more importantly, has she lived under a rock for the past 10 years?
Shaking more than my love! : The Ladies Lounge is demanding some Debbie Gibson! Get ready to shake your love !
Hope you brought your tissues, you're going to need them.
Watched Return of the Living Dead today....why does one of the punks look like Prince???
RT : Word of the day: Crapweasel
every now and then..
Agreed. RT : Rangers-Devils tonight: surprised to say it but that was more fun than just about all this weekend's NCAA games.
hey luv...Tell Gabby to get ready for miya party in july.
There are lots of devils in disguise out there, and some blatantly obvious ones. Don't sign away your soul, come see our show! 3234628460
Pretty sure i got the book from u in upper school lol RT Who remembers reading Flyy Girl for the first time?
Downloading lots of music and will later enjoy some movies... :-D
thanks lovey!! i'm so happy to be posting again - just WAIT for the fun we will have and all the posting from that! yayayay
On a man-made lake, there's a sheet of thin ice Where unskilled skaters, cut figure-8 twice That's 16, uncut, direct from the cult
Going to pick and save to purchase thee finest bottle of moscato under $10 lmao
A lil help never hurt
Privacy, cost, access issues in mobile technology. Handheld devices are now containing more personal info
Just had lunch for the first time and it was great. Definitely going to be going there a lot in the future.
It's tough to unseat the incumbent But we'll see...
Tune in at 8:00AM,2:00PM,7:30PM and midnight for a taste of the incredible lineup for the Americana Music Fest http//:eastnashvilleradio.com
No rehearsal tonight after all. Gonna have time to watch some Hopefully there'll be some good performances.
#formermariners “: Ibanez's HR landed in the Suite Level between 2nd/3rd decks.Only hitter to reach 3rd deck was Russ Branyan.”
Free Beer Friday: Things you'd rather do than watch the World Cup. Soccer-loving producerrs: unhappy.
my undergrad degree, yes. Fandom proclaimed in my profile. :)
that's what the smell is
fixing to play mafia wars
So, how's your day going?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day ! ♥
#talktechmm awesome event
and I would run a marathon, have some drinks, & then try to take over the world. I have many flags.
bella i hate this guy please look him up his name is i hate him i yelled at him alot for you follow me on the 21
I love how just brushes off insults with a smile. She loves who she is and that already makes her better than any of her critics.
Wearing a hoodie & shorts because you’re confused about the weather.
rent a U-Haul and pile everyone in the back ;)
I'm not getting dressed hoop shorts and a white tee bc as soon as im done eating I'm hitting the sheets
lol what's the line
At the gym watching these weak ass niggas hoop.... They suck
#CreativeCloud whast that pen he's using ?
my ex wanna work it out i told that nigga try yoga LMAO!!!!
Off to class. I still wish this was last week though.
"Who would Jesus bomb?"
Thanks! Great to hear! RT “: My hair dresser was just telling me how much he loves you guys.”
Shucks! Of course I would miss this opp today! RT : Why do we need libraries? What would you do if the library went away?
Noted! Thank you for the valuable feedback! *Now upgrading community suite: board, blogs and SEO systems* ^NE
RT : I feel privelaged and honored to be working on project for my class... this museum will be something truly...
The best stage.
- i remember someone stating : " the first word a child should learn is NO " ! Sounded quite appropiate (and i'm not a meanie).
How do I have a perfect grade in Mnt right now? Future clinical dietitian dreams are becoming reality!
We are what we believe we are -C. S. Lewis
Clever girl...
#MacBook #Air #AMD Will Apples AMD Trinity based MacBook Air see the light of day?
they are the source of lower back issues
we are sending good karma for smooth sailing.
When you meet that cute person just for 30 minutes and you see them the next day but dont say hi cuz you dont wanna look like a stoker...
asaians are fine at driving, its the parking. Parking is to asians as dunking is to white people. They just can't do it.
It's such a long process.
Take video!
"Sopranos, I want that entrance to sound like a fresh ... breath mint."
I hope everything's alright and you feel better soon. I love you.
Need to get up to speed on computers? Head tomorrow to Gibson Lib at 9:30 or to Paseo Verde Lib at 10 for an intro to PCs.
YUM! I love Ice cream! :)
We all have #thatfriend when there talking your thinking...oh honey good thing your pretty 😏
Thanks Richard
Have you ever wanted to volunteer with us? You can!! Email us at for all of the info. (Gotta be 18!)
“: If you could drive your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.” AW MAN I WANNA!!!!
hey thanks for following me on twitter! Good to meet you!
The only limits in life, are the ones you put on yourself.
will you please please follow :)<3
What kind of music does she sing? Jazz? Rock?
where u been??!
So, we have the ice crushed. I hope you have too.
Big thunder crashing down!
What?!? Waiting?!?! Bring that shit on sir.
Men's rooms sinks. Eyeww.
Hey have you heard of ? I think they'll be your new jam!!
What is your favorite distinction between "management" and "leadership"?
Welcome to the team Olivia Mayberry, Fredrick Gonzales, Arami Allen, Chris Boulware, and Joshua Conrad!!!! Glad to have you on our team!
The OPLIN office has no internet, and we know several libs also without. It's an AT&T issue; no ETA known.
Tia's is accepting applications for all positions. Weekdays 10 to for details visit www.tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
just landed in Lubbock,TX. Spending much quality time with my family
Britain: excuse me Mexico:perdon Italy:permesso France:pardon Canada:sorry America: get the fuck out of my way douchedick!
Lol we're watching it to(:
Imagine a waker entering the dream world with knowledge of the waking world. What would be his attitude towards that illusory world?
happy 4 day weekend as well. See my last tweet. Eerily similar to yours.
Sick shot by Durantula
The entire corner of chuch and market literally smells like cocaine
iloveyoumarkk!(: you are the best cousin-in-law ever <3,.(:
I'm at Lagwagon BITCHES!!
Oh... Phoenix is going reach 100 degrees this week. Daytime hibernation mode is now in effect,
Things should not be said, things should be done, because when you do them, you say them at the same time.
Coffee watch at #saa10: coffee/espresso now also served at hotel bar. Very short line.
The active, self-sufficient person you have known for many years may slowly begin requiring additional help
I think if something goes wrong during the live airing, you have enough professionals to cover it up well!
My wife, is having the neigbors over for an #Oscar party. I don't think I've seen ANY of the movies.
I got a new phone. Samsung galaxy s2. Love the Swype!
We're in booth 1435 at #txla12! Stop on by to see the ebullient Nick Glass or the affable Amanda Kramer! Ask for cheese erasers!
shit waitin on this nigga Percy so we can make this move bout to go smoke that clove lol
"Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King
Lots to do today!!! Catch me if u can 😉
thank you! love you :)
Cause you got a smilee that takess me to another plaanettt! <3
School today, Nah I'm good
. at this point midwest state govs will probably seize on any opportunity to get a foot hold in on some anti labor legislation
RT "It's time to go through my slummy facebook and cull out some folks. I like open discussion, but ignorance..." love it
<but it's kind of an uncomfortable position. I get my stitches out on the 30th & hopefully I'll get good news. The nurse at the>
I hate how i get sleepy early and everyone, it seems, can stay up for hours -_- lol
We've got some great gifts for that special Valentine!
I'm off to DC! Congratulations to everyone who is graduating! :)
The assessment of Competent/Not Competent at Skill X would be. But, a portfolio wouldn't.
She said, "Yes!"
A stranger on the street just offered to be my escort and personal bodyguard.
In Limine => On the threshold, at the very outset
Mixtape has started...sounds good and there are lasers!!!
When do you work!!???
u got an instagram?
According to my teacher, I don't ever get excited which hampered my debate haha.
Us too! Next session is tonight at 7:00pm - Pink Light with Beki Borman. Should be a good one. :)
Congrats to my boy Justin Johnson for setting a new career high in receiving yards (108) today in a win versus Tulsa!!!
really need to go shopping again
thank you cold basement for keeping me nice and not hot
Cooking pancit with my mama ❤
Man i hate my life
Update: The crash occurred just off Frankfort Pike near the Franklin/Scott County line.
Today in jazz: 1913 Reedman/bandleader Woody Herman born in Milwaukee, WI.
Lets welcome to Twitter and #AztecNation! Be sure to follow them!
If you can talk on the phone while doing it, it's not exercise.
Always quit while you're ahead! I think I would have had fun at the computer stuff, but got busy.
OMG THANKS<3
yeah. They can be tricky. I'm usually good with them since my mom grows them. I totally killed a couple over winter though.
i really like our apt decor. lets get a tree this weekend!!!
Super 8. Wow. My favorite movie in a long time. Good family movie, but a little scary for younger kids.
think I could pull off some basic , but none of the advanced level stuff.
Hiding behind a bush doesn't keep the girl from seeing you stare, it just makes it more creepy when she does.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
RT When writing comedy, use less words. Don't overwrite the joke. Get to it. Bam. Ha! (via )
thanks ='( ahh it hurts. it even hurts to move my head
says teachers also have a right to privacy, but parents right to know outweighs teachers right to privacy
Rain at night makes for good sleeping &
Oh man, it's every single time. I've got like 6 separate email threads on the same conversation
when I was an undergrad Jason Mraz came to UMKC and I saw him!
Thanks for the video, it is priceless! I never knew that I would make such a funny elf.
wah im hungry!
Radioactive Iodine from Fukushima Found in California Kelp Scientific American By Marla Cone and Environmental Health News | March 30, 2012
headed out to San Tan Wheelie Jam! Chip and Alicia, you there?
Katy Perry's on replay, she's on replay Dj got the floor to shake... The floor to shake.
Flying to Kaua'i tomorrow. Then racing around to 6 separate meeting, getting on a plane and flying back to Honolulu.
TRUTH. RT : Cost of Disorganization: Lost Money
Psalm 107:42 The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths.
- thanks Jeb. I'm trying!
thanks for the follow and the vote! Greatly appreciated. Have a good weekend.
SERIOUSLY I WANNA KNOW WHO WON ONE OF THE PAIRS OF FREE VIP TICKETS FOR LIFE TO WARPED
what would we do without you 4-5 days a week?
Hey everbody do me a favor check out my boy he a cool dude
Having a crisis comm. plan in place is essential!
You Welcome
As A Kid I Liked To Mention “Uncle Rasputin” At Family Functions…I Was Always Whisked Out Side And Told… We’re Americans Now… Knock It Off.”
Merry Christmas my queen
2nd to last class of the worst class ever! At least that is a bright light compared to the pain of the class.
The Germans tend to assume there are two root causes to most problems: 1) stupidity and 2) failure to follow official protocol.
Sadly, DeCarava's work is falling into obscurity because estate is overly protective, won't authorize reproductions
Amazing RocknRoll Hall of Fame show! Can't see Smokey Robinson enough!
I can't even watch it anymore. It's turning into crap.
#CITEConf is wrapped. Kudos to the team for their dynamic on-the-ground social media and video work.
...Oh wait, $20MM left fielder's going to be out 3 months with a sore elbow. Thaat's more like it.
where you @
#GlobalDev student? Great resources for your studies bit.ly/pR7SGW #books #data #development MT
We did 2D as well. Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry. (And we loved it!)
hahaha yeahh not as rough as Thursday's.if I were you I'd try to skip those thursday workouts the stadiums are great.
so true! all I can think of when I see a ring that big is a blood diamond!
No problem. Glad I could help. It was a lifesaver for us too with our first. Second didn't care much for it.
Meijer Announces Seafood Initiative - Earth Blog
glad you and your sis liked it! You'll have to try Wang Gang next time.
Well I'll probably see you there then :)) lol.
Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to restore TE funding fails by two votes. 29-27
serious talent. Killed that song!!! RT : Astro... Kills it everytime.
There is white on your illustration. What did you use for that? It looks like paint. Is it all in pencil? :)
Visit www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs. to help spread the word about Denver Local Fashion Designer <3 <3 <3 thank You
Finally I'm back home and unpacking.
lol many many times. That's where I had my 21st
oh. what did you guys do?
Green and yellow!
Guys who walk around with cute puppies are just looking to pick up chicks ;)
#newportfolk Sounds like it was a great weekend. Thanks to for the streams.
hi Javiera thx for the follow!
If was in that dwill line would not have happened
Two things I know. Thursday's are my favorite lunch day and there can't be a better taco than that of fo shizzle.
“: I betRT just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally drop”
I like verbally too. Wish the voice quality was better or there was some way to upgrade the voices
NOT STOPPING NOW, I GOTTA TALK TO YOUU!(;
did reply to you? I happen to know that the talk will indeed be podcast, so despair not!
Wow. The audience just clapped after Mark Cuban said he was the luckiest guy in the world....
Ritz or Saltines?
GIRL YOU POPPED LIKE
OMFG I know right!!:))
Also rather excited for s 21st festivities 🎉🎈🍻🍸
Me 2 RT : I often put on my headphones to listen to music and then realize 30 minutes later that I forgot to turn on the music.
I'm Glad Ya Heart Is Cripple , I Can't STAND YOU !
i am number 1369 to follow
RT Tonight at Studio Z Fitness at 7:30. Come Rock with me!
You know what? FTS. I don't deserve to have my day ruined. I have limits, too. Only so much I can tolerate & only so much I'm capable of.
Can't wait to kick it with my
what I love about you is your passion for acting, relation with fans, and of course your LoVE for Lucy!!
On the boat!!
Great ima hear it from my boss -___-
Gorgeous day today! RT : good morning.
my oldest son is turning into a little audiophile; he just got his first bose speakers...not a bad start little man, not bad at all!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks, teachers!
Its 11:11 Make A Wish.. Good night! xx
OH SO NOW IM A WITCH?!?!?! i thought you said i was beautiful. you have issues sam. I'm never gonna help you out again
If It's Important Enough You'll Find A Way!! If Not, You'll Find An Excuse!
We MUST tailgate next gm on May 19 vs Edmonton!
Spring Awakening.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you run into your roommate from freshman year on campus...
I am the ambassador of TP conf along the way I will to keep you up to date and post cool stuff in the blog which now has a detailed intro
I ♥ turtles.
Fuck. The internet on my phone isn't working.
rather, i'm going to the pool with my dad during winter to look at a guitar.
The only official day you can eat all the candy you want. Oct 31
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
And actually 1 in 3 people that are #HIV positive are between the ages of 13-29
Dear Dad- The best part about not knowing you is that I still have a nose #neverplayed"gotyournose"
#nccetl students creating own animation/playing own music/own art in class presentations=real learning/real reflection
wonders how peole have signal on the slopes (Kirkwood) and yes there is still snow- even if they are just wearing t-shirts; it was quite nic
I feel like a fatass now heh
Mad props to Ryuuji for scraping every OPAC in Japan to create an API for their data
Best field trip so far!
If Mitt Romney becomes president I'm moving to Africa.
Good to hear! im glad YOU had a good experience, my spies told me that, i was working on Kim K, check TMZ for my pic
wow, I'm just seeing that. Guess that's what I get for typing sans glasses. He is a jaunter!
Deep in my heart I know you love me as much as I love you
"SNO" Clothing this Second Saturday on J street Check us out. All "SNO" shirts will be going for $25 Dollars Even....
My brother is gay and he loves One Direction! Especially, Louis lol! So, I ship them ;) #JuLou :D
Can't stay awake through a movie anymore, I'm starting to feel like my dad
I'm afraid to ask why the heck you had to do that.
My pre-teen heartthrob, Davy Jones of The Monkees, dies of a heart attack at 66. Bummer.
Check out Wikets. The new iPhone app (launched today) that allows you to share and be rewarded for product recommendations.
hi love <3 how are you?
Any Yankee Blogs want to co-host a bar night with us in NYC on 3/3? Yankee fans, cheap drinks. See our blog for details
ha! and good to see you Kathy -- hope you had a great Mom's day. RT : BuildingMoxie Hey back atcha.
Working with HellBent Tattoo in Colorado Springs to get Rapper Tech N9ne out for some tattoos, Pics, & autographs! See last tweet & like!
I will miss the snow though!!
I would SHITTED my pants.....
Thanks for the favorite! :)
huh? it was out today.
but you are beautiful
: If you don't cast a shadow, then you're not standing in the light.
Feeling really worn out & empty today, being with my friends really helped me alot <3
about to go download nd vibe to
Channeling Katy & just bought a ticket for one to see Footloose.
I have Great memories of my Mother , makes me smile !
woah, we actually had a life before 1D?
: they'd see my side if they follow me and I'm cool with it. *shrugs*
Looking for advice on data usage while traveling abroad. Considering mobile hotspots, but want unlimited data. Any ideas?
im hungry
ugh airports are the worst!! At least you look gorgeous ;)
#neverTrustAGirl that says...."nah, I just got a hair bump!"
Anytime. I'm here for you.
#lovebeyonce!!!! Listening to her album "4"!!! Damn the ORIGINAL DIVA is backk!!! #badbitchftw!! :)
I never had the honor to meet your father but he inspired me with his music through my tough years. I know you will inspire many
we talked about having the anointing in us to overcome all things at church today. I know you and your boys can overcome all!
Julio Jones is the best WR in the NFL.
redbull FLUTTAG September 15th. Let's push something over the pier!
Bouta hit the Gym, Beachwood Lifetime Fitness
Live it up and have a happy Thanksgiving break!
Superbowl Sunday. Who is everyone rooting for and what is everyone eating????
Agree with everything! "not everyone has a Smartphone" + "Smartphone ecosystems don't care about RCSe" = False Start
Kicking off my twit life by enjoying a beautiful glass of scotch next to the fireplace.
I didn't know you very well, but you were still family. #YouWillBeMissed #RIPcousin It's sad, but God knows what he's doing.
I love Weiner!!!!
I. Fucked up! D;
LETS GO CANES. We already lost Jacory Harris for the game; let's not lose Shannon losing to a winless team and ACC foe.
Why do I even bother?
#wheniwasacrab my section leader made us hold our eyelids open when we would fall asleep
Come see! RT present 2:30pm LifeSci #NSRC2012: Using IMUs for Space Vehicle Safety, Comfort, Design, and Performance Optimization
Sitting down to read O Nightingale a poem by John Milton
looks like you found it. I'll get back to you before the end of the week.
Starting the WAVE early, wishing & good luck for tonite's #DWTS ONLY on ! #GOPACKGO,
Good morning egg whites turkey bacon and oatmeal!!!
Wage, salary inflation pressures &#39;subdued&#39; | Otago Daily Times ...
Bed time. I leave you with my song of the night. Fall For You-Secondhand Serenade. "Don't make me change my mind" good night:) sweat dreams
Shut up
Done with classes til August! Hope I don't forget how to think good.
We consider all locations!!!!
#ICantStandPeople who start shit over nothing.
Soundbyte from Antoine Dodson NEVER gets old!
This is not the time to NOT be creative....i need some motivation....
Big hugs back to you ladies!!
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 2~~ 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching. 4.Listen to music. 5.Read a poem.
RT : Check out the turkey reuben today on nbc between 3pm and 4 today!
I love when boys wear muscle shirts.
And free wifi, while we're at it
The Pirates seriously need to adopt a policy like the Pens where your ass remains in your seat till between innings.
Was that a blown call or did I see it wrong?
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Eeeeewwwyyy. I just killed one of those thousand leg thingies...
Hey! Love the new picture :D
tea for 2 and 2 for tea!
i love my ice cream sundaes lol
NEVER EVER u go girl! ;)
where did Coach Evans go?
OKC bound w/ hoping for a break in the rain.
I'm having problems today. Look away!!!
I so love your site and sayings
How many times must I unsubscribe from your marketing email list before I stop receiving email?
I know the feeling...thank goodness for skype, right?
Just missed a speeder because I was sending a bitch a text. I added a smiley face into it, that takes me a while but bitches lovesmileyfaces
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
Ahah :) It's going great! I recently moved to a new place! It's really near the beach!
Just chilling on my bed , while the A/C is full time ON ....
Gettin back on the eco-horse.
- Welcome to the tweet world - get better mister
I wasn't happy to be on the field tonight..... It didn't feel right to me, and it didn't feel right to the team......
uh oh what happened?
I hate getting my blood drawn.
April Fools?
speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Work Out With Katie Boyd 's Miss Fit Video On tonight 's episode of Wicked Fit, you saw Katie Boyd star in her very own fitness video, Mi
Late night meeting with Abel Ferrara in Little Italy. Gotta love NYC baby!
The day is moving westward!
One day, I hope to find the strength to ask my friends to remove me from their weekly game night e-mail threads.
#MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO SHUSH YEAH!! MO
Someone give me a job, please. I asked nicely.
It's January 17th and it's 17 days til Speaking Of! Coinkydink? Or maybe it's a sign that you should buy your ticket Today!
ugh i hate when i have to pay it >.< when tho ? today or tomorrow ?
so sick and tired of being sick and tired
thats probably what happened to my back! always hunched over playing! ps. i saw the rockstar video and you def lived up to it!!
PI KAPPA ALPHA nigggggguh. But I'm seriously so confused abt the underwear
Just finished another session with D&D and on the boards...
Procrastination is a good thing young. Improves efficiency and productivity a hundred fold.
Life is finally going the way I want it to. <3
These announcers act like James Harden deserves some sort of humanitarian award for not bitching about coming off the bench
Words that mean different things to scientists & public--more dangerous than unfamiliar jargon: aerosol, enhance, feedback... & *theory*!
Working on the #Ferrari458 video. Will post when the edit is done. I will try not to disgrace the glory of that which is Ferrari...
I'm listening to your audio book now and I'm really enjoying it.
It certainly is! RT : Wow! That's quite a prediction for advertisers and marketers to consider!
Amazing! Hope you enjoyed the tour. Visit us again soon!
great music btw. I like nerds and nurses
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
I believe that your boat is in mint condition. But take the cover off and prove it. Sketchy ass Craigslist people
yeah the artists were chilling taking a break, can't wait to see the finished project.
is 143 ditching race tech?
are you going??
RT : Taylor PR exec explains what companies should expect when they hire a PR firm to help with social media...
Best app on any device is clearly love it.
Had a great time yesterday at my #BudweiserHP - thanks !
Anybody know anybody who has taken a class with Winnie Holzman? Would love to talk to you/them.
I seriously can't by myself around you. And that's kinda sad.
that feed has been a rich find. Let me run em down: Violent Femmes! BoDeans! Speech from Arrested Development! Braid/P-Ring, etc!
Some days, I'm just depressed
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you destroyed my mother's garden, yelling FUCK FARMVILLE!"
Andy Pettitte will pitch Sunday st Frontier Field.
My classroom
House will do what it can, and hopefully the Senate + Exec will follow and adopt these standards says
Stumbled into a random #traffic jam. Awesome.
already followed you... I'll check my messages. Thanks! (-:
not possible, you are to good to go to waste ;)
thanks for the follow
I't looks very nice :D
Shout out to the people with smart cars that do dumb shit
someone i used to know
RT Don't be g-shock just watch - cold ass line bro cant wait for the new single <- Right On Bro
thanks for coming tonight... great to finally meet you!!
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone. - Horace
Are you a humble servant leader or simply a dictator? #hint servant leaders don't have to ask for followers.
Tell me if it's possible, That I could be the one to end her search for a men and she could be the one that ends my search for romance.
Reboot. Look at the big brain on Math Guy. Stoked!
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my Mom and Dad. -,-
I'm bout to eat dinner than ..I'm Off to the library ttyl tweeps
"Sorry I can't hear you. I'm def" *everyone runs away.* yeah that's the story of my life.
GLAD you are keeping strong brother and keep smiling and laughing as much as you can, only way to do it! ALL MY BEST bro!! :) J
Thanks for following, Colleen!
I will follow if you follow me(:
Idaho: In the second-lowest scoring home game in NAU program history, the Lumberjacks were limited to 18 points in the second half in a...
Running in new heels. Well, I THOUGHT they were comfortable. Ouch.
Recorded the last tune for The Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF new CD last night. Music written by the band!
I can't wait to start a career & make a salary, so I can live in a large enough apartment for my clothing & I <3
Um, WOW! RT : By 2018, 4 million open, unfilled STEM jobs, says 's Hank Jackson
We are excited to see what the message will be the Obama White House. Dr. Cynthia Harris
lulz my bro is in LA for 4 days and he happens to go on the one day of the year there's a shitstorm.
Joint Statement by North American Leaders at April 2 Summit
You can email us at HoustonFlashmob (at) gmail.com with "Twestival Plans" in the Twestival Flashmob details.
#LiteraryEvent 5/10 7p (Murder by the Book): Author Kevin O’Brien #reads “Terrified” (Pinnacle)
Wow: RT : Quality brainstorming is shifting...incessant teamwork is out. Solo brainstorm, then collaborate is best.
for a long time I've been contemplating whether to get one haha
flip cup. I don't wanna brag but I'm really good.
oh it's gon work we gotta do it, just a dope ass apartment with people we know dependable just sex_weed_games AND money lol
Early morning at work tomorrow = can't sleep because I'm worried about oversleeping
#WhenAustin kisses Angel in the Mistletoe video :) ❤
This is no longer 's twitter
Beer...check...UFC on FOX...check...
Favre being sued, McNair murdered and Seau lost to suicide. I never would have thought growing up that my favorite athletes would be here
Done with my A&P final! Thank god
Just had a great customer service experience @ Alderwood Optical. They take care of my eyewear issues & cut me an unbelievable deal to boot!
The 50 most interesting stats from the '11-12 Bruins season - New England Hockey Journal (blog)
I like my hair curled :)
Fruit ninja ;D
Great, looking forward to it!
lol. it is so far.. hella nice outside other then being kinda wet.
Bro Tell Me Why I Was Playing Basketball & Mine Smell Like It To.!
We will be in New York City performing May 4th-5th
I'm a travel addict too. I led treks to the Everest Base Camp and wrote an adventure/romance novel set in Nepal.Beyond the Summit
srry, bout the late reply, // nd hell yea u told me off, I was sorta flirting wit u nd shyt, nd u came at me that u had a BF
People are dancing in the airport ....um ok. I can dig it I guess
'Our suffering& tears haven't been in vain, we have been able to stand up, despite the pain of our people,we haven't lost!'
Listening to Thelonius Monk's son talk about his father at Reston Comm Center. Hilarious and Historical!
i'm not that shouts out "Ouch Johnny! that hurt!" lol
no! Haha just that its a lot of people.
I will never know ===> Seriously cute. What's the review on taste?
automated curation won't ever work imo. I might be able to automate finding posts but never determining the worthiness/value of them
Packers need a center for the future. C Michael Brewster wouldn't be a bad pick here.
what research is leading you to this vaccine push?
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS DC EVENT FEB 10th, HELP US VOICE TO THE 18+ VOTERS! TIME FOR US TO KICK THE CHAIR FROM THE KIDDIE TBLE
thank you got the RT
Hey there! Thanks for the RT :D
and... as the #saturdaylibrarian in charge today- i forgot my keys.
I love it when code is 10x smaller than the previous release. Choosing the right language for the task is most crucial.
So we have a cd out and we would like you to buy it. It's on iTunes or you can get a real copy from us.
If a women need a friend, come be my friend i am always available for yo fine ass!! lol
Movie date...
he messed you up for life :(
Nice seeing you both today!
thx for reading. :). Looking forward to following your tweets
Not just prejudice. Very real concerns about workload. Time to prep & teach has to come from somewhere +
what's ur email address?
Do the buttons and words on ATM machines ever line up directly?? Or is that just me...💰📮
Bout that time i done flipped up... Cant wait to get my water gun for the summer.. Wettin everything up... Yeeee
After practice today, must say the fixings for a new song are coming together nicely.
Congrats. At the same institution or somewhere else?
killing it!
we could really use you on the show right now
RT : RT : My Hair is my Crown & Glory!!
Fuck this, you two decide to poke ass so im out and idgaf if you bitch when i come back home
Had a great time at Friday’s #ClevelandFurnitureBank Gala.
A gnat just got stuck in my lipgloss. Tomorrow we Uber.
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Just 100 dollars short of being able to buy a plane ticket to Ireland. Then all I need is spending money!
not n 5 just the series bet
Derek freeman?
CANNOT WAIT!
Haha, no problem!
lol good one(;
Linked Data presentation for Maryland Librarians is done. Beer me now please!
i LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
If ur afraid to open your mouth...how the hell will u ever get what u want¡
I can't fall asleep right now, and it helps when you say goodnight.. so goodnight ^.^
For all her stylish fun, she gets Clerihew's pithy pardon: Emily Gordon RT : Sorry for the #tnyquestion posts, lovely followers!
This is the first day I can see my own breath in awhile. Shouldn't complain..but still...
we haven't done that yet?
RT : I feel like me and makes beautiful music I can't wait to keep building.
you guys are cute and are awsome dancers! Lots Of Love!
We've got in the house at 6:45 to tell us about 10 most-eligible bachelors/bachelorettes on the auction block for charity!
good!! not out yet, but the process is fun!
Strategy, market and brand development call me!
yes I redid it though lol
Come on you, Sixers!!!!
oh yay, that'll be fun.
i love bieber
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
the white club is no longer exclusive
Mother's Day Giveaway! RT & follow for a chance to win a Mother's Day themed flower arrangement from
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Today we will be closed for a event from 10am till 5:30pm. Well, the coffee counter will be open, cause we know you need your fix. ;)
I am really bitchy this morning.
the Lakers were originally from Minneapolis which the Great lakes are nearby so that's why they're the Lakers.
This Marvel's Black Panther show is nice as hell, dude beat the shit outta Captain America
thanks! i'm super excited about the show! xoox
had so much fun with you girls!
i might cop IVs tom. My boy said his FTL might get a restock in
55 over here! YOU CAN DO IT!!!
"A good decision & a bad decision both start with the same thing...a thought."
Got my work inbox down to 20 messages. Added lots of to-do's to my list, but I feel more on top of it all. Now for pesky listservs.
Are you the guy I saw by the restroom?
Is counting the dragging hours before I leave the enclosing walls of my job!!!
Taking the pictures, duh. He's not dumb.
I think we might be safe to. Might as well for 2013 too.
randoms that puked then passed out! LOL
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they limit despair and other problems.
did you put an airplane there byy his name because you think he is FLY?
Best things about Young Adult: Teenage Fanclub and the "character arc."
Listening to Pirates Post game on the way to softball practice. Hello summer!
can't remember the last time I've scene on of those when it wasn't Sunday.
Working on some layouts, designing, and coding like a mad-dog.
confuse everyone. Yes... I am easily entertained. :]
Nice hat tip to in today's e-mail. RT The Cox farm in illinois planted corn yesterday.Earliest ever!
Tim Berners Lee 4 rules of linked data: 1. Use URIs as names for things. 2. Use HTTP URIs so that people can look up those names
your awesome babe :)
retract those thoughts.
About to get my brunch on at with and family style!!! 😜
With Huckabee, Daniels and the rapture out of the way, don't see much standing between Romney and the Repub. nomination
Can't wait for New York which is why I want this weight off of me. Dannyelle fundraiser is march 24 4:30 to 6 concert at 6:15.
I can't wait to get that new today , but I already know its all gonna be froze up at 2:15
Losing the packing tape battle.
1/2 - Everyone likes a little humor and it can make a learning process more interesting and help engage the learners, but...
24 hours no sleep, I can hear my heart beating thru my ears, is that good??
We provide a free transportation solution that grabs your potential customer’s attention and doesn’t let go.
r u coming 2morrow?
Happy birthday!
you got it. I will call you tomorrow. Thanks for getting back in touch with me.
#April issue is so #inspiring! It's feeding my
i was talking about the seats...not you...i mean i expected someone of your grace to have field level box..
My mom says she really wants to meet hoping to make that happen when opens
Ed Rodley talking about Scapes - a great app
Shaun! SHAUN!
We are excited my loves, because we are doing two shows tomorrow Oct. 1st, one is at the Marvin Gaye park Human Kindness Day 5214 foot
Right on. U still need to try my APA.
Attending stream: Data Privacy Day 2012: “Should Librarians Care About Privacy Anymore?” A Webinar Featuring Barbara Jones
IE6 is like a dying dog, always been able to roll over for client projects. But now, for the 1M redesign it lays there, too weak to respond.
"He believed that you had to make the good out of the bad because there wasn't anything else to make it out of."
i Wanna paint my room, C:
It is brutal I asked for a 2nd opinion, they said make it stop! : #DEAD at "wounded cat"....#Icant"
"Ouch there's sugar in my shoe"-
can't deny that i want to, but i lie if have to cause you don't say you love me
ikr like be grateful !
I'm going shopping with my mom :) and listening to 11:11 on repeat! What are you going to do today?
Hmm! So this explains your pink guitar, Ray? ;)
sweet popcorn is called Kettle corn
tucker was fast asleep on couch within 20 minutes of getting home today. sweet sweet peaceful victory :)
He said if you want something to happen you must have a "heart of expectancy"
cool.. where was it taken? Also can we post your twitter name as the Jagoff catcher or go anonymous?
drum editing and stuff nbd : )
great idea!
I'm gonna use that line. It sounds like it would work
unfortunately trickle-down is largely bipartisan due to 3 generations of brainwashing
dang. I am thoroughly impressed. Way to go!
its kool. we luv you still. thank you so much for following back yer so pretty
The reason Kuhn is on the list is a lot more due to people knowing his name than his ability
No doubt! RT “: #b1gtourney Why do people rely on 5hr energy? Just go to bed earlier!”
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients - San Francisco Chronicle
all these math notes, whaduhhhhhfuh
Home Sweetest Home!!!!!!
I forgot my notebook.
Who will co-host the show with when wins???
aye its lonely up here, all by myself
#idol - Hollie had a few minor trouble spots but it was extremely heartfelt and emotional. Pretty good.
Filming for Rock Out Autism today!
Finally lebron shaved his jesus beard
The #rich invest their money and spend what's left; the #poor spend their money and invest what's left.
Annd that's a wrap! New reel is finished.. #HappyHumpDay!
EL OH EL! honestly he needs to just quit :S
Chalmers' D makes Lin looks like a high school player...
♀There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over♀
Always love what they have to say!
Working on some fresh tracks with my brothers. Don't forget & The Lonesome Sound live! Feb 10th at Mayday in Northside!
SHINE Medical Technologies announces it will locate new manufacturing plant in Janesville, create more than 100 jobs there by 2015.
Glen Este Key Club is having a bake sale next week (Monday-Thursday) in the mornings during Regular & Late Arrival in the East Cafeteria....
thanks for following follow for unprofessional tweets
