one of my grad students is about to lecture on Reconstruction. Go get 'em Matt!
trying to stay awake for 1 more hour until lollapalooza lineup! (and hopefully a comeback by the blackhawks...)
#Truth RT If you're not 100% sure you nailed it, then you probably missed the mark.
My pleasure Keith!
tonight we are young
The REPUBLICANS WORDS alway seem to come out as "JUST KIDDING". I wonder why the BIG D can't pull the play on WORDS OFF. NLD Mom
I feel curious.
Danger and damages high in houseboat fire - Lake Powell Chronicle
I've fallen in lust w a pair of Gianvito Rossi for Altuzarra sandals in the April and I can't find them anywhere. Very sad
I would've gone with a pinch hitter here
hard to get a rhythm when you are forced to sit the entire first half.
please please please please please please please please PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow me!? it would make me happy :) <--- see :D
my etsy banner looks funny...like its all stretched out.
2012 make out with a boy, scored free room with ocean view.... great way to start out the year!!
I'll be right there. I need a cuddle buddy tonight. Pizza and a movie? Maybe more if you're lucky ;)
Excited to be a guest with Improv Monster at JackPie this Thursday! If you're in Atlana, come check it out!
i don't understand. If i am me, then there is no one more beautiful.
"GIS: It's Out There"
don't be afraid to swap tiles as soon as it looks bad.
#Kat #Kat #Kat Lol :) i love #Kat as your character its so u Omg and i <3the episode when u were sad when u were petsitting
Dropped off some LP's and CD's today!! RnR!
On the plus side I've had about 10 cups of coffee....if you have ever seen "Over the Hedge", I'm getting close to that point.
I hope everyone has a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving!! :)
lets do something tonight? hmu
Me and Laura think & do the exact same things . It's creepy . #Mainbitch <3
*LE FLASHES LIGHT* well here i am bitchess.
Uh priceless. We didn't get a chance to finish due to the kitchen rush
Nobody really knows how much anyone else is hurting. We could be standing next to someone who is completely broken & we'd never know it.
I am doing great. Just trying to stay out of trouble. And you?
- words attributed to the late Al Shanker, longtime AFT President
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
#Brewers extend GM Doug Melvin's contract through 2015, and manager Ron Roenicke through 2014 w/option for 2015.
RT ": #Virgos are sometimes seen as being far too picky." Cause we are picky!!! :)
If you own a VISA, you are a victim of the largest credit card scam in history.
#itaintgoodsex if I'm doiin the work. Lol do like say WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK BITCH YU BETTR WORK.. lol W.O.R.D.
Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away. Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS, Guided by Spireon.
#Kodak 7219 was our go to for its natural skin-tones under mixed lighting, outstanding latitude, and beautiful texture.
With house hunters international.
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
was off the chain 2night! Cant wait for next Thursday @ 10pm EST!!
going to SXSW? Bring your GoLocal card and save!!
Oh, and thanks to for setting this up!
Great article in the BT today! You are spot on...couldn't agree more about creating a state-leveraged capital program for WI
no plans at the moment :( he's in Cali until August -- then Australia. He really should come do a boot camp up North, eh?
2 days from now I'll be in Seattle with Nick! Yay! 17 days w/no Nick is way too long.
iphone, ipad, etc :) Amazing Christmas Hope every1 else had a merry Christmas :)
Dear spammers - your new "yousendit" emails are not fooling me - though more clever than the standard viagra emails - still lame.
PickUpLine: I'm Irish. Do you have any Irish in you? Would you like some?
Old people are a buzz kill.
3 more followers until I give away a #free #handmade bath product from my website! Help me get to 50 followers! Please RT!!
rookie of the year
"I'm sending you to rehab, for being a fucking cunt.."
Parents Snared in $100 Billion U.S. College Debt Trap Risking Retirement - better to save now for college than borrow later!
Thanks Jenny for booking me on the photo shoot yesterday. Had loads of fun. Client told me he was very happy with result. -M
Man I really wanna taste that new chip taco!! Looks good :p
no problem~
dont ask me
The best thing about having a cat is that you have a cat.
man if thats ur worst problem then u doin sum right
happy christmas :)
ok, I don't think I have. Why do you ask?
smash is losing me now. Had given up on #glee but it's gotten better recently.
Mom seyz we needz go bed now. So goo nite my furriendz. Hope Santa Paws is nice to you :) aroooooo!
haha you went so try hard to get that ball and I thought you were going to catch it too! Lmao
Two calls to describe to me a task that I finished in literally 30 seconds. I am the master of my domain.
My youngest think he too grown.
Here is a cool break down of a play from yesterdays game against the Blazers. Courtesy of "Pounding the Rock" Spurs blog - great source fo
I don't hate on bands, if you like rock/metal thats auto-tuned as much as beiber then thats fine by me, but when they're over-rated...
For a small #turtle of 4" minimum cost for caring correctly is >$250. They are long-lived in proper conditions. Poor care is unacceptable.
Hmm, how many calls to their toll-free number would it take to bankrupt them? ;-)
I don't get to go home. & it's not time for job 2 yet. so YOU go home!
what y'all talking bout?
what Shar-bear? Is this true?
Decided to goto bed early. woke up and cant fall back asleep..
Just saw #RNC chief Reince #Priebus on #MeetThePress rerun, and not sure how he defines "civil rights."
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's out there!!! Prepping for a shoot with Photography on this gorgeous day.
Thanks Steve! Happy Friday to you - hope you have a good wkd ahead!
going into a tail spin.
#cclax and #ccwlax you guys are killing me!! Let's goo!!!
will definitely give you a call, a great lunch place in LA that I frequent is LA CAFE or any cafes in LA LIVE by staples center.
Are you going to ?? come by the PunchLine booth for a chance to win free tixs!!
My He Neva Whooped My Ass But Dis Tweet Was Some RNS
$4.95/hr. for wireless. ATL must be pretty broke. I think I saw a credit card slider on the water fountain.
I totally agree. She is so jealous she can't even see straight. It's sad and pathetic.
Gay boys are the best u can have girl talks and they don't care and their really cute IDk y? But they are! #boyswho don't can be a pain!!
We've got a super diverse group of Campers region-wise! GA, AL, FL, TN, SC, NC, KY, AR, TX, ND, England, Venezuela, and more.
Well now I feel as cool as working from home since there's a tornado on the way!
Ya, I think I'm out on that one. They'll probably get me on the summer super hero block busters as always. I'm a sucker.
I thought this read NBA Hall of Fame. I kind of wish it did. “: On way to Vegas to be inducted into NAB Hall of Fame...”
if u want the link just let me know the link its so people out of the uk can listen their website dont let none uk listen
We're a news outlet...we don't buy or sell.
you know what would be cool? Someone googles: is anne trubek the most awesome or what? and I see it in my site stats. Just saying.
Now providing their opening statements
Spent the last three days installing drywall with hubby. If I never see spackle again I'll be okay with that.
What's up?
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
“: which one of you has the hiccups?” bahhahaha jordyn ??????
Did you know that I have been craving them all day?? Wow we really are best frands!!
shpescape.com will convert your shapes to fusion tables ... when it's working
she is going to be fine. she has a great support system at home and friends going there too. it's a good school.
Excited for my dudes to drop this album!
I feel the same sometimes. Feel better rachh!
M soggy taco's. Gotta love'em.......
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere. - Agnes Repplier
Matthew Jefferies connected to varolo
well...its a new Year, got some new goals, and definetly won't B dealin' with them fake pplz/ plus I'm feelin real good 'bout
talking about Experience = Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at #Phorum12 today at #World Cafe Live!
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.George S. Patton
I wish I could fall asleep... -_-
hanging out in the booth for Good Day Oregon Saturday! Tune in please :)
Food Is Def Great Down South!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Had a dream I was given a music video to direct, I honestly already was planning out the whole treatment. Trying to make film in my sleep!
ITS FUNNY HOW ALL YOU #OKC BANDWAGONERS COME OUT OF NO WHERE!!!
RT : When the shutter closes the world opens! - Sharon Wax
Love and Light to Amber and Paris of Thanks for your energy!!!
#100factsaboutme i used to DJ!! Still have the skills #WHOOP!
You are so sweet. Always looking out for me! xxoo
that's now how this union of souls is going to work. get in the kitchen where you belong, or get pimp slapped.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
LPU is introducing amazing things at Synergy. And you have to be there to find out what it is!
Can someone please tell me why is not open at 440am? People are awake this early!!
Yep, I'm At My Daddy's House Feeling Like A Baby...
UGH...I hate Mondays
Work is done, It's St Patty's Time!!!
At the end of the day the only person I have to answer to is ME. Everyone else's opinions are irrelevant.
if they mention your income tonight simply tell them that the Clinton's made three times what you did last year - no one cares
The WVYD Women's Caucus is hosting a social at Madeleine's in #Morgantown on Nov. 12th at 5 pm. Email for more info!
so you're in Brooklyn I take it!
why you lookin at me like that??? ....It's like you staring off into the distance BUT IM RIGHT HERE high_imdope
I love his new California Rockish sound.
thanks for the retweets!
Thanks for sharing! Will I see you at the content strategy meetup on May 21? Content migration, woohoo!
greeny has been on this convo for 4 hours
Careless World intro >>
You probably thought someone was rocking you to sleep.
love you too dear
only if it's 4 a good reason, like a new addition :-) Feel better Mama! God bless you & Danny!
The quality of top-talent centers in the 70s and 90s isn't even close, which is why I can objectively say so.
We're pleased to announce the arrival of our freshly redesigned homepage: www.stickK.com. Let us know what you think!
I have to look out my door, across the hall, through the glass of another room to see out the window. I'm envious
I just did punk!
don't stand in line, identify~
I'm editing today too and I want to scream!!!
Happy Friday!!!!!
Game Night in the UC 219. Come out and have a fun night of games...its happening NOW!!!!
all the unissss
&#39;Rebel Recipes Lite&#39; submissions sought
Only one injury tonight at the #Blazers game after Ndamukong Suh dropped his ice cream cone.
#TellMeNicki do you prefer rapping or vocally singing??
The striper is doing the cat daddy naked
So true RT : Denying your complicity doesn't change your responsibility.
(I should have been tipped off by the boots, & the Bass Pro Shops in the background!)
Running errands and heading to grab some lunch
The guy who shot an killed trevons martin should be put on Deathrow & killed #wtf does his HOOdy have to do wit AnYthing REALLy!?
you are brilliant!
is she pretty?? Does she wear a lot of clothes like clothes that fall off her body?
I want a toasted marshmallow shake from Serendipity!
Wow have fun! (: One of these years I'll go 😓
lets go bucs!
you have your next customer here. Let's make sure to talk today. Great execution.
Breaking the silence in 7:56!!!
Tomorrow is Single Awareness Day 👀
God is doing something with your life!!!!
Very best of luck to those playing the #EPTGrandFinal day2 in #MonteCarlo today |
What makes you say that, John?
yeah... weird.
He is carefully watching its every move and keeping as still as possible incase it attacks!
Gloria Steinem: A woman needs a man like a....(fill in the blanks)
well thank you so much for the compliment :] I'm glad I had the chance to follow you!
Presenting at the EducationUSA college fair in Kuala Lumpur. Recruiting the next generation of students!
oh snap battle for Ohio oh boy HUGE WIN
RT #InSecondarySchool it was ok to damage ur exercise books so they would fit in your 'just do it' bag.
I might have to try that...
Hi Claiborne! So sorry you experienced technical difficulties on Friday...please let us know if you're still exp. freezing.
We've got 3 killer DJs rockin' the strip nightly for you in !! & & !
They dnt know about ur stressed out day that's why u sip the tanguray.
RT : - Is it safe to say Portland doesn't care about the Beavers?
Boxing Day treat now on draft - a cask of Three Floyds Zombie Dust!
every time I see Cindy Lauper in any media I think of him. She's lucky to have such a big fan.
Apparently, the adjunct schedules were assigned 2 weeks ago. One of us was not offered courses for the first time in 19 semesters.
It's another rambling 'n' radical radio show with our MASTER CREEP Alice Cooper and all sorts of 4:20 refer-ences...NWAC @ 7p on 101.5.
thanks to I bought my first comic in about a decade yesterday, X-0 Manowar, on #freecomicbookday, will be back for more
i cant help it..i love to fukk
hell, I'd love to relocate. Just have to sell this house first, and THAT is going to be difficult
I so hate u right now
Daily GTKY question: If you could paint a picture of any scenery you’ve seen before, what would you paint?
Admin on Aging Sec.Greenlee says agency is looking at Senate manager's amendment for possible changes to CLASS program, regs out in fall
#dtl2011 What's the benefit of tweeting links rather than providing the link in the LMS?
God damn, is this Game of Thrones or The Walking Dead. All kinds of arms and entrails flying around.
Yes, perpetual v. Subscription those were the words I searched for.
I'm looking for a discount for Where might one find such a thing?
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I just knew it! He's also kind, sweet and humble. He talks just like he writes and tells great stories! I could listen to him for days...
I KNOW LOL #BCG ": yes... I know u will... charlotte need a comeback from kendra lame ass"
Castells - learning together will pave the way for theorizing together
2 tms get swept, one loses each gm by 25+ pts, the other by 3 or less each gm, Idc what the W/L column says, I view the outcomes differently
has anybody seen or heard of Mr. Henry Owens lately.haven't heard anything since 2008 when was suspended.
At one Starbucks in SF, my nickname was Soy Chai Guy. Who me, predictable?
News Corporation and the Chamber are trying to redefine worker mobilization as a "union trick."
i think I just blew out the mothership
make rt go get some haha or ill make stefon bring some. I work at 8 anyways
Maybe will bring me a Chorizo at ? :)
Stretched in my chair and cracked heads with the guy behind me. Sorry Fran xDD
I'm to exhausted.
those dang Lab's, they think they are so cute because they have a long nose....snort
Casting: what we do & what we try to do, to get films cast. from:
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes. -Dr. James Dobson
"These products leave my hair shiny and manageable, and they are ideal for the harsh Southwestern climate..."
watch out for whales !!
really? Why? Ha
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
#come up with ur own tweets my god how hard is u dont have 2 copy som1elsles my god im almost 28,000 tweets
Walmart is so quiet & empty in the morning 👍
I guess. Now how can I man up around him?
I love da fact of knowing God blessed meh wit another day ya heard meh
That i do.
It is the (bipartisan) policy of the House to make bulk access to leg data, says
Am I bringing my Chris Brown tshirt to Bulgaria? You betcha.
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003 @ 4:30pm....SEE YA THERE
cheers to #houarts!
DID YOU KNOW!? "According to SMURF legend, a baby SMURF is born "Once in a Blue Moon"." YOU'RE WELCOME!!
TweetDeck of Selective Twitter? Which one do you like the best, and why?
So unreal! This is not supposed to happen in Mass
from all the tweets, it seems that the session on Imperiled Promise was amazing. Hope someone does a write up!
if I believed that was all he was trying to do. Living here with him, view a little different.
what is klout
Keep It Rollin
Ugh my laptop is so slow today
someone beefed in the van, now i am down to 4 senses
These are the kind of days I'd like to just get on a horse and spend the entire day outside
Thanks fir the follow Fridays guies. :) I will be on after school to return them. Xx
What doesnt kill us makes us stronger
As soon as Wesley Snipes comes back from underground he will have something to say bout that.
Thanks for the reply!
Thank You for following me! Just mention me and I'll #FollUBack ..
curling up with mashed potatoes and sookie ;)
Wait, you mean it's not the Non Anglo Tickling Organization?
I was so excited that my new showed up yesterday! Who else go theirs?
marathon finished! Galleries, a museum, and the canyon....whew!
we're competing wed & thurs. Performing Fri & sat nights at wildhorse.
Oh shit... Nvm its a drug bust lol there were cops on searchin the grass wit lights
You should praise God just because you can. You do not have a gun to your head so do so just because you can!
Totally feeding my #instagram addiction right now. So maaannnyyy cool pictures out in the world
o i guess u dont want those chicken nuggets.
Accept that when she is screaming loudly, its when she is hungry, upset or tired. Not because of you.
i made a personal.(:
I can handle life being like a roller coaster, just not the roller coaster in my dreams where the track ends over some large body of water.
#ThingsBetterThanTheCarterIV AINT NO ONE FINNA BUY IT, ITS BEEN FREE SINCE LAST WEEK LOL
I recommend a lot of R. Kelly.
Old school jackets on FSOhio right now! Currently in 2nd period. Vote Tugnutt!
where's the lockout anthem?
Raymond Maddox - David is the conservative voice with the experience to make a real difference in Washington.
TIME BE UP __ LOOKS LIKE JAMES WINS BEST SMILE WITH A TOTAL OF 10 +1 INCLUDING ME n_n i ♥ your smile n_n ..elevate. :3 ♥♥♥♥
This mythology project <
My mother made me step on crackheads to clear up her blackheads.
Rickyy !! haven't gotten a tweet from you in 9 days :/, fix that ? <3
sorry I let you fellas down.
ugh Jessica Sanchez still last on dialidol but she still can pull it off if all her fans vote 2 hours and west coast votes big time for her
You just made my day. I'm gonna be watching it all night now
:( u noway! Ur closer!!! :P Ur lucky im sharing my oreos with you!! ;)
#Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
U can close ya eyes to things you don't wanna see, but u can't close ya heart to things you don't wanna feel.
much appreciated sir
like where
omg I'm getting so much joy from watching people make complete fools of themselves.
thanks man
awwh I'm super jealous of everyone that's going to the Dallas show tonight. Until next time... Dallas better bring it (;
I would love to use your site today, is it going to be back up and running any time soon?
it's really good???
Teaching and Learning Academy rocks!
So completely over it. MT "You don’t achieve a larger truth by changing statistics." Are u over it already? Gutkind on D'Agata
Romans? Trojans? Warriors? Which teams are playing in the #SuperBowl again and how does this relate? #Madonna is confusing me already...
JC, please... you never back down from a challenge. c u at 8, don't be late.
Lord forgive me for my sins!!!!
My brother is a funny guy!!!!
If you ain't runnin with it , run from it muthafucka
#ConfessionTime I've got a secret....its Victoria's
When an iPhone dies and when you go to charge it, it takes too long to turn back on! i've been waiting for like an hour now....
I didn't even know state happened! I'm not on the exec board anymore!
Music becomes my best friend when nobody else understands me.
Is it safe to say the Chargers kicker pissed this one away?
Carl Bass at #ideaseconomy: infinite computing most powerful force, changing so many industries. Economics of production changing -
hello *twirls fingers*
#infoneeds 'what does true access mean in a world of private webs ie. FB , Pinterest etc? If a tweet falls..." Thank u.
how nobody knows the different meanings of (: & (; #LOL .
Im BACK!!!! Twitter-less FoR 2 MONTHS!!!
walked 30 blocks for a job interview this morning, and now walking 30 blocks more to check out a location for this weekend
what to do today?
Why your girl think I jus wanna follow her lol
101BC #Roman general Marius at Vercelli in northern Italy defeat the Cimbrians who prefer death over #slavery & commit mass suicide
Where's the place to go in Chicago after the NCAA Tournament games?
Makin Tracks at for #Effortless!!
I am downstairs out back.
You thought wrong..
I can't think straight with all these clothes on..
The third grader in me chortles every time I hear the phrase "underwear bomb."
But you destroyed her..if she was in front of u and heard what us said she would self destruct in shame...
Wish I could be there. Working on a few posts for the blog. If there're any future events please let me know! Thanks!
Are you using the #KYF2 Compass as a tool to engage? If so, how?
Thanks for the RT!
No ones hair should ever be slicked this tight
Andrew Cashner versus Bryce Harper is fantastic drama! Cashner is throwing 100 MPH!
whats going on with marion stern?
- that's awesome! Keep me posted on how it goes.
CEO Erica Boeke and writer Laura Silvius are learning the tricks of the trade from sports producers at the AWSM conference in Philly.
Rep. Bergel continues to support FLES as a proud LOCO native, resident, parent, and board member.
Last day
Aight... Nobody cares...
I have a gold metal in the extreme sport of eating naan and lentils in the car without spilling.
did obama say it with the hashtag, or was that your editorial discretion?
not yet, will check it out! :)
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
AWESOME JOB That was the BEST so far that ive heard tonight!!! That was just BEAUTIFUL!!!!! :-)
ohmygoodness. Cher is playing at my school right now...I think you know where I'm going with this...hahaha!!!
It's snowing in Albuquerque! Is you home drafty and cold? For window & door replacement in ABQ by Pella employees-Call Jeff (505) 362-0529.
Thanks! We'll have you over for dinner when you're in town.
we'll be there tomorrow :)
Looking forward to being in Montreal - wish I had made it up home earlier to see winter, which I missed here.
It is never too old to shop their!
That used to be my ring tone. Runnin' the ball...
LOL I see where you're coming from ;)
Uh oh, Alex gave the answer!
All the women in the fam are tipsy as shit while dad grills the steaks
The Young CPAs club is having a joint mixer with the Young Lawyers. If the Young Engineers show up, I'm going dowstairs to play Poker.
alright abel. have fun with that.
Being on quarantine sucks! Especially since noone is talking to me and #oomf won't text or call me back #NoOneLovesMe :(
Deleted all #junk mail and responded to urgent emails. Determined not to #stress about my new routine for the next 10 weeks.
GERMS will be sending personnel to provide the DC Department of Health with medical support tonight as we continue to deal with heat wave
Hint: If you send me an email that I start to scroll through in Starbucks drive thru & I never hit bottom, 100% sure I will never read it.
We're the one stop Mac
Came home to hubby cooking bacon
Interesting I need to see it! Do you know the name of the film? And was it Sony Pictures Classics or the main studio?
if you like ICONic Boys and one direction go Follow:)
I need some followers !! Anyone help me out here?
I Hate Mondays after working the weekend!
atleast he can read the English language in order to fill out a bracket
Are you more excited about the #superbowl or the #commercials?
kentucky and kansas are my winners tonight, watch out for big performances from Davis of UK and Taylor of KU
It's sad when you love each other, but the circumstances just won't let you be together.
Kareem has a joke for all occasions -- ask him!
Grassy Narrows First Nation believes housing is cornerstone to independence - Lake of the Woods Enterprise
Balls so hard... muthafuckas think I have testicular cancer.
When I was on the train last weekend, it once smelled like pot and everyone looked at eachother and started laughing. It was perfect
- - I woke up today and decided that I think I'm going to try to stop drinking. Thoughts?
Finished session success
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
just saying...
new website giffordkasen.com
10 Reflection + Evaluation
RT Another reason to #travel! “Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken”
RT Happy Taco Day, indeed! Hot sauce for everyone! Happy Taco Day my drinky friends!
ON MA SHYYYYYYTTTT!!!
Some people know infinitely more about college football players than I know about ... anything.
. She rocks! Did you make it out to the #edtechsea meetup last night? organized... Wish I could have been there
hope you recorded Cal and play it after the break.
Little Man is moving like molasses today.......God grant me patience....on the upside he did get dressed on his own.
- Do you ever think #JeffFrancoeur will go back to Calgary?
yum....any chance your #BarrieDog is #soyfree? *fingers crossed*
Congrats to Fran Gordon on her LVA gig. 1 out of 40,000! Looking forward!
hahaha no not at al
everyone needs a Taurus in their life
OMG!!! The Avengers killed it. Best superhero movie yet!!!
Cheaper faster better buy clothes take a vacation save money now delicious one pan dinner in no time advice you can really follow.
Askin all dem question part 3: college edition:)
I am craving a pretzel. A big, warm, chewy pretzel. With cheese sauce.
WHORE film is what i think you meant. 😳
So glad I started following Dude is seriously funny and relevant at the same time. Thanks for the
Thanks for the synonyms, , , , , Very helpful! (and funny!)
thanks Arco. Been trying to play all day.
man u have been my favorite woman mma fighter 4 a while what u did 2nite was incredible u showed HEART, DETERMINATION, & SKILL!
i love you! i miss you! are you still sunning it in dubs? updates please #NoFaceTimeForMonths xx
WISH is giving away two tickets to the Steelers-Ravens game Tomorrow Morning with Ron, Sara & Hank. Listen to win!!!
Lol ur all gonna get me in trouble w/my hubby hehe ;) Good luck to the Eagles & to RGIII! RT : RGIII Think u & Desi would b gr8!..
Just did a big #unfollow spree. Far too many inactive users.
This is a big series for the Indians to show if we are really a contender this season!
Once all the Vincent Price was gone, I didn't care.... although I miss all the Power Rangers.
RT : My last tweet makes me smile, cause i love his bio @#$%^&
Do you ever think that the lack of evidence for Jesus' existence is because he hasn't lived on this planet for 2,000 years?
QB Stephen Morris in for the TD on a nicely designed QB Sweep. Canes back up after halftime. UM 21, Maryland 20
Returned to the set of "Fans" today. Knocked out a couple more scenes. Just a few more left. Then the patient post-production wait begins...
starting today my only goal is to get my senior year body back
Looking at things like an outsider gives you a chance to challenge the status quo-not how most #AAPI are raised but challenge yourself
Study Session Playlist (cont.): Iggy Pop, Passenger -- Motorhead, In the Black -- Gaslight Anthem, American Slang --
Working on our new website!
Poker is the Devil's game.
its ok to b a little crazy sometimes especially if its over ADAM LAMBERT! im definitely a die hard fan!
At the #EducationUSA East Asia and Pacific Triennial Conference in Kuala Lumpur. Looking forward to a great conference!
RT : you guys should bring to the round up sometime soon :)
It is one of THEE best days San Diego, CA has seen in a while -
For us it's death, taxes and construction in Cincinnati, OH.
Barry Zito pitched a gem today with a 7-0 complete game shutout win over the #Rockies. get their first victory.
U joining Joe Champion at in Jax Monday? Free steaks!!!
#RoyalWedding on BBC America, CNN, ABC, NBC, so mom....switching between them isn't going to make a difference...
Getting ready to see NKOTBSB in DC! Woo! :)
There are plenty of legitimate reasons to give up or feel the victim.
Thanks so much, we could be happier about the nomination
well we all wondered which place you were at. You ok??
I love to hear you talk :-)
killer Facebook app for home energy mgmt and competition... Coming soon. Via panel @
I bet Kobe knows who Jeremy Lin is now.
yea sorry we both fell asleep waiting for 9:30 lol hell to get old
pleeaassee follow me :D i <3 you guys x]
Nap time in fifth hour? I think so :)
is it wrong for a #WisconsinCheeseAmbassador to root for the Saints? WHERE DO YOUR LOYALTIES LIE?!?
Pacers game is getting is a little #cray!
...thanks for following !
Please Pray for my friends & my family, we're all going through a lot, right now! Thanks!
Many thanks to who gave an awesome keynote 2day + lots of love for the crowd @ #webwise even though he just arrived from Cali
My mom just picked me up early from school
most welcome, my friend. You should do more video work ... and also cook me some ginger scallion noodles. ;)
Find me on myspace.com/ssavina
It is so friggin gorgeous outside!
if i can get one!
Get ready for the right brain! Here comes Domenica.
orange county, ca with a small road trip to san Diego... Then Dallas, then Seattle. Oy vey!
Sweet Tweets = The flow of positive social connects and showing much gratitude to those that follow.
hahaha! My cat is a super butthead. Her cuteness saves her. My dog is super needy, he needs loving all the time.
Only a former Metromixer would understand haha
you got your belly button pierced? :o
#Manchester re Churchill: "a conservative in the purest sense-a defender of freedom, justice, and the great achievements of the past"
Thanks for the link to your blog. I will be following you to catch ANY tips. Brand new here!
I am competing for the worlds most interesting man n I'd say I'm n the running for it.
Im read for school to end ! 17 more days !
killin it @ market square!
birthday yoga coming up!
a unique training opportunity led by world renowned #filmmaker & expert on #diversity: Mr. #Lee_Mun_Wah Tuesday January 11, 2011 @
I wish...my eyes won't stay shut lol
Newt has perfected double speak. RT : well thats Newt-hypocracy at its best!
We're looking for two musically inclined people to help judge our karaoke contest. Let us know if interested!
Undertaker knows how to make an entrance
Lol see you tomorrow 😉😘
yeah ;d
Hii how are you :)?
Happy Halloween Zombies
Colts should draft Sanu in the fourth if he's left
Runners! Kickit up to 4 mi this week. Same time, Same spot- Bike path @ Shutters Hotel, Santa Monica, Sun,7am). Be there!
is the ready lane open 24 hours??
Did you find someone to mow your lawn shirtless?
Coolness. You're welcome!
what are you going to school for? Do you like being a payroll administrator?
I think the longest line I've seen at LAS today was at Starbucks.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
All of this nba, nfl, & nhl is just filler until MLB starts again!
That points out my biggest beef with some forms of faith which demonize questioning and doubt. (Raised Mormon; they do that.)
Ridiculous to judge success of events based on secondary ticket market. If so, we would play the Super Bowl at a high school field
Yes! An under-the-bed party in Destry's zomgorgeous house!
Rockin Power Yoga (levels 2-3) with Paula Walker today, she's going to make you sweat! 12-1:30pm today on Miami Beach
playing fire red on my gameboy omg i love it <3
The pink slime controversy has definitely affected my food choices
Digging #SMASH's Bollywood scene. Nice to get to see Raza Jeffrey rock it out.
thanks for the mention in the daily!
FML RT : Jay Cutler has broken his thumb on his throwing hand, a source tells me.
Special exhibition "Robert Moses on Long Island 1925-1975" exhibit opens tmrw! Explore the master builder & his work
im tired but i cant sleep =/
Where R U going 4 ?
What an awesome start to our competition season!!! I am so proud!!! Way to rock it dancers!!!
Guys I need help, I'm addicted to Social Apps... So I want to apologize before I over stream on ALL sites.
Self-doubt comes from the perspective "I'm not good enough". Self-evaluation and reflection is the perspective "am I everything I can be"?
sleep #offline GNIGHT MY LOVELIES AND MAY YOUR DREAMS BE FILLED WITH SMILES AND RAINBOWS okbye
my jam to gurrrrl. da boys be flocking us like bees on honey!!!!1!11!!!!
You have the most beautiful teeth I have ever seen!
it looked like freddy kruegers face but a dick
What are you doing in 2012? Tell me. I'm begging!
Congrats for getting her license <3 I have a job interview for the same place they just haveto interview me for paper work
Testing for my red belt today! Then off to work at Hibbetts. Maybe tomorrow I'll have time to make boomerangs =)
CORRECTION: I have to stalk. Lol & obviously isn't THAT busy.!
just did an amazing show at
This day is going by way too slow...
Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of #Glitter?!? 😔
the fact that i have to wait a day to watch jersey shore
I hope so (but yet I don't). Conan is replaying. I wonder if there will be new people watching this time around
had a blast last Saturday at the BET Women's Health Symposium at E.C.C. here in Newark. Great to see so many women health conscious
If was to meet and collab with GD&TOP(), then she can definitely meet with no problem. Just a thought
Brady Got the Ball at there own 35. and Green-Ellis rushes and Losses 1 yard.
the timeless battle of brother vs. sister. It's epic. Still being fought to this day.
If you don't sing along with Lee Greenwood, you should be deported
cool! When are you going to be in town?
need to make those AIM accounts for econ tomorrow.. ill work on the screennames
I considered starting an archery summer camp program. I think it would fill up in a day.
Good to know the Jason mask stays put at this children's party!
Congrats to the ! I always bled blue and will continue to! We had this all along! Congrats to the entire team!
That is...I mean, it's Twitter. Where we tweet. What else are we supposed to do on here?!
Christine, I'm tired. Never dreamed I'd redo 5th grade at 47.
do the prices run by what you get on it?
: Can you organize a #generalstrike like a #flashmob ? Just social media and in 5 days? #ows #oaklandstrike find out Nov. 2
hey Jeydon, have you seen my bio? We're actually family! Ö
It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.
Come on #BBN get behind those #UKWildcats for a win!
Bank of America invests millions of dollars and volunteer hours to improve ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Solid work. Whenever we mention the show we pronounce it "Reven-eight-e" out of respect to the numeral worshiping creators.
Watching Jerry Mcguire:)
Brown bag it.
The Natalie version?
... Big Sean was right she is a G! #LikeABoss :)
love that room. Great times
Congrats once again to on getting drafted by the #Falcons. Thanks for making a few minutes on a special day for you & your family!
Me too i never try anything new :( RT : I'm saying I order chicken tenders damn near everywhere I go..
Thats why their bankrupt, their management of money of fucking atrocious
RT : I screw everything up. Fuck my life.
We're gonna be doing one thing, and one thing only... Killin nazis.
I join any line I see if it's long enough
Sunday evening reference shift. Working on HLC Self Study tasks. I'm chairing the logistics and communication work group.
"DiGiorno Pizza Dipping Sticks" are a thing.
call me back
#ocwcglobal Question at MIT 10 yrs ago: how would people use classroom time when/if all content was put up on the web?
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf if i use drugs.
Dayum. Just dayum. RT : watching the bachelorette and drinking wine? You lose your Penis in a barroom brawl?
Sorry about that! I just made the Israeli film Google Doc (mention two tweets ago) public on the web. It was on private
Lately, I've been acting like idgaf about you. But I really do. I don't know wtf is wrong w/ me.
SHOW TONIGHT!!!!
Freddie Adu is still playing soccer?
#superspiritual yOu make ya baby pray before you breast feed lol
going to be a good one!
I'm always getting compliments from random cute guys/girls on the train.
Craving salad dressing....secret....
I suppose.
Happy chocolate day! RT if you love chocolate!
will have to post tshirt hats soon :) plus candy cane hat i finished that was custom ordered and two more xmas hats to make.
Well I'm doing it for fun forget about the time. ;) thanks man for the tips.
true dat RT : I do love this business. I'm not even sure I know what this business is. But I love it.
Can't wait!
def waiting to hear what you did
Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order.
thank you, yeah son, some sun!
Extraordinary Swag & A Mouth Full of Gold 😏
I wish I could just get inside ur mind and see what ur thinking bout, then again u probs don't have much up there if your starting this shit
is busy updating MyHandJobs.com
I'll even prop them up in the front seat if it saves me from fighting traffic. I miss you too. We have to visit, soon!
baby, I do everything... or don't you know that by now!!!
Aww. I like to here that :) : Words cannot even describe how much I love my mom
Dear Jerk that invented lol, that for creating meaningless answers to long questions sincerely, we're coming after you
Daddy Yankee was tight when he was younger his song Lo que pasó
Check my resume boo
You already have that power and you create a lot of value my friend!
Work takes over my life.
Anyone knows when my Celtics play?
huh?? Is that a good thing?
Entries that might not make the cut today: Phranc, Enigma, Consolidated, Lenny Kravitz, Bananarama (Bananarama?).
Beats: in the top five purchases I've ever made.
Shout outs to
I'm gonna start working out more!!! What's everyone else resolutions?
i feel u on that im bout to have to get the 100 pack for the crib
Im a real lucky girl ^_^
How made me believe was actually from Haiti lmao .
If you're not at Ikea, you're not doing it right!!
RT : Vizcayne residents get 10% off on Saturdays if you bring in a cork. They are being collected for local...
It's a PERFECT colorado day - clear skies, amazing mountain views. I freakin' LOVE living here!
Dave matthew while studying 🎶🎶 gotta get thru 6 tonight then it's dia week🎉
OMG made me cry on I think this is my new Monday show
Hey bro I want one too! Those are awesome just before bed :-)
said by someone who was stressing about his grades not that long ago...if i am correct.
I'd love that man. Sound check is usually kids early do hopefully I'll have time pre show to feast with you. Hit you soon!
Havent tweeted in so long! Been so busy! How is everyone? 💗
that's because is not playing in a major
we're closed tomorrow for Veteran's day. Come visit us on Saturday!
Make sure its a Filet mignon....Texas Roadhouse. Baby!!!
Risk is one of my all time favorite games too! Nothing like spending a day doing world domination! haha
In feature films the director is God; in documentary films God is the director. —Alfred Hitchcock
Well, don't be jealous of me being indebted to a dealership/my parents for five years.
McSteamy isn't as hot as he once was. I think he may be too thin now.
sensing a bit of a bias against the Aires... that was a ridiculous performance. unlike Afro Blu, they can PERFORM.
THAT'S ALL!!! YOU NEVER KNOW. THAT SHIT HAPPENS ALOT ON PLANES
Follow me back ya
I'm jealous!
Have you tried our beta site yet? If so, tell us what you think!
Um...AWESOME!!!!! (we will be changing around our blog soon so it will accept comments)
Jonatics Are True Fans
yeah! sorry phone is pretty much dead cuz my charger is still at so nams... hot tub sounds so great rite now!
I stopped smoking wit haters in 03'.....
Always wondered who #DarrylStrawberry or #TooTall Jones would start in their fantasy football league? Find out today!
Both Sawmill and Kenny Rd. Borders are closing. WaldenBooks at (I think) Tuttle stays open. Crappiest one.
Had a great night...hubby bbq'd for sum friends and it was awesome...now just enjoying a peaceful sunday with ma kids
#AmWriting and repeating, "First drafts are always bad. First drafts are always bad." Not sure I believe it yet...
MRNG PEOPLE, SO THE TODAY SHOW, IS CELEBRATING X-MAS W/JUSTIN BEIBER SINGING X-MAS TUNES. WHAT HAPPENED 2 THANKSGIVING????
Please!! We're swamped, Walters is crushing it! RT : need me back?
Alfonso "El Bruté" Williams is the Ebolic Inception and you can check him out on mobile. text getebolicinception to 88704.
It's never too late to begin.
where are you?
Those are tough days. I end up standing a lot because I can't stay in my seat that long.
Thinking about dining with us tonight? Call for a reservation to guarantee a table. 414.225.0000
Big props for #Tebow. I love it when you're successful when everyone says U can't do something. Faith & Dedication make the difference
bob dylan songs - "saw a shooting star tonight"...& it reminded me of you..."when traveling i hum this song & think of my granddaughter.
Today we will be working with and on a 60's housewives photo shoot!
you told us to like 43u295094 times .. lol . subbed her ...
All about taco Tuesday at El Torito
Woah #SmallFryArmy ! I haven't tweets you guys in such a long time! Let's talk now :) xoxo
RT : chris probably in tears of joy because the heat lost. lmfaoo
Ahh I really wanted to do an Indy trip but I'll be in St Louis in June instead! Im obvs counting on R&J coming & YOU SHOULD TOO!
In pictures: The Beetle, from 1935 to 2012
You mean Republicans aren't concerned about the actual vote count & are doing what they want anyway?!?!
Well done, Cristie! It is a ghost light! More trivia coming in the future -- stay on the lookout!
I hate when my alarm doesn't go off and I miss my buss
on what? This? I prob won't have credit to go on twitter! My ipods broken so I have to use my phone :'(
Wish we were there, but we need clear eyes full hearts for the patrons. ,how about Piano Man for all us #saturdaylibrarians?
Looks like an awesome one! I just made cookie dough ice cream this past weekend. Delish!
absolutely; in frequent but with specific point in mind
If that's not a sign they're tired (and Sessions is a bust...), I don't know what is.
Need a book for the weekend? Try Devil in the White City. meets on 9/27 and 10/1.
Thanks for the support everyone! one day one way!
how long is it gonna take damn
What a gorgeous day! Days like this remind me why I dread the 8-5 jobs.
Proyects check list: 1. Epoxy floor coating on a garage...Check 2. Demo clean up...check
“: QUICK HITS: Missouri 41, North Carolina 24 Tigers score on first 5 possessions and never look back” welcome to the sec mizzou!
Dance Moms Miami soon💙
Why is it always the school nights when you cant sleep
With a single donation of $2700, the legal/application process to achieve 501c3 status has been funded. More good news to come. Pls RT
i am not convinced, matthew.
not sure if i could've told you that, but i could certainly reaffirm that assumption now
Your welcome :)
Agree sir!
Twitter sucks the battery out of my phone. Or I guess I suck the battery out of my phone while I'm on twitter. :(
Got a fail button for me phone. I'm very entertained.
#GIRLSnight are so night. It's #WOMENSnight now!
Now more than ever, Florida needs legislators who will take a stand and offer new solutions to our persistent problems.
am i ever gonna reach 2,000 followers
I do believe our wonderful President will beat the GOP at their own game & they won't know what hit them. I sure hope so!
Plan your pregnancy, expert tells mums
"If you're building a business based around today's technologies, you're already behind."
so we could date. why else?
Im gonna have a beach body! Haha #oneday and thanks I will have to go look for that polish!
Thanks for the re-Tweet!
How about some water?
They are de-planing us due to SFO being fogged in... Latest update is that they will hopefully let us take off in 2 hours... SONOFA...
Tha cold part is that girl go to grant an all y'all no her sadly
It's hard to write for women.
Our best play -- the punt! Cal muffs it and Horns pick it up inside the Cal 20. Cue the fight song.
All Beliebers Please follow me I donate 10cents to Pencils of promise please follow me and help make change 2011!!
Found out today how much my dog Rufus loved his feet washed w/one of my Bountiful bars He just laid there, he almost fell asleep! Go Figure
The Grocery Gap reviews 130 studies on access barriers to healthy food. Relationship to health. PolicyLink. New: study in Philly.
mine would b n Klingon
Congrats to friend on her move to #WCBS. Big time! Saw it was official. Super excited for you!
looks like
Republicans... find some compassion. Not anti-immigration but pro legal immigration. Not big business but jobs.
finna just watch a movie til its time to go to work in the am
I'm mad Nita and Tae caught that sap tweet so fast! Lol! Damn! I can't miss someone?, lmfao
Thought you might like this RT Today we're kicking off a 31-day challenge. Capture what inspires...
I LOVE YALL!!!
when i 1st heard walk away i played that song ova & ovaa again! thats thaa song ima sing when i audition for xfactor ツ♬♩♪
cool. And you put them in the post, clearly.
Probably cause in my Gotye fantasy he picks me out of the crowd at his concert(...
Counting down, 9 days
So is in LA hanging out with .. hey harry, you should tag along to Portland tonight for Eds show.. just a thought.
Oh yeah #Rangers yeah
I love how many people who have never been to New Jersey absolutely hate New Jersey.
Just cuz they say on Feaux News doesn't mean ..... Do the research! Fox News Experts', is definitely an oxymoron! DO YOUR RESEARCH!
I like! Does that make me a redneck or white collar? Hm...
Well hello there Spring!! What a perfect weekend ahead for a hike!! Come join us in Boulder this Saturday...alumni.outwardbound.org
#Virgo the country MB will take you to: Paris
yours has my The Beard's attention ;)
Oh not at all! We had a misunderstanding?
Me and kay kp sniffing... Im fina work this out now i cnt stand wen we sick esp at the same time...
Missoni for Target is the new Tickle Me Elmo. Feverish consumerism fueled by clever marketing, but still kinda lame. At least Elmo giggles.
Im Try 2 Get My First Tattoo Dis Summer.,! Im Be A Big Gurl...
He had to move up to Nor Cal because of financial reasons.
OMG They are annoying!! ": I hate those fckin pigs in those damn commercials."
Learn how to make healthy snacks for your Super Bowl Party at the Centre Branch on January 31st at 6:30pm. Register online or call 251-3700.
Don't share your needles with !! you'l get the (clap clap) or the butt flu.. maybe a (cough cough) or an ah-choo!
RIP Donna Summer. Last Dance, indeed. =(
Kind of amusing to be remoting into work through my TV.
Introduced someone earlier this week to the word #bailiwick. Since then, heard two other people use it in very distinct situations.
Beautiful dbl play
I kind of prefer her too. Although I'm hoping Hilty's petulance is acting.
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long
"Save it for a date or something." Bday dinner locale was to be my choice, but Bachelor Farmer menu didn't appeal to my nonadventurous dad.
Predator + Prey = Rattlesnake + Rabbit = Delicious
Transformed into a human
i just missed pokemon
if expertise is authentic... I agree but a lot of learners think anything on google=truth, concern
Really wanna dance like a skank to ... But I think I'll study some definitions Instead.
Experiences are the economic offering in highest demand
ohmygosh thats the cutest thing ever. Stop making me blush amara n_n. I don't deserve such an great friend like u
Bout to get me a new phone yea!!!!!!!
This is my last month of school for this semister!!!!
PEACE WORLD!! THE WEAPONS LOCKER ASSEMBLING PROTOTYPES AS WE SPEAK!!! BUT YA'LL AIN'T READY THOUGH...
#2012c19 rhetorical beauty in motion: mr Pete Coviello
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be able to fit into chairs!
- I completely understand. Just wanted to hear your words. Cheers, mate.
I just saw the ultimate multi-tasker, a Dad was sitting in the rain working on his laptop while watching his kid's soccer camp!
In time, grasshopper.
i remember when i could handle my own situations
We went in there, did our thing, then Obama turned to Pakistan and said "WHAT" "I WISH U WOULD". That's gangsta! USA!
“: I just want to spend the entire day at the pool. Is that so much to ask?!?”>>>AMEN!
Good luck :)!
great to see you! congrats on graduating from your MBA prgm at Cornell! woot woot!! enjoy China & keep in touch!
Just got word that tonight is officially my last night at my second job. I have FRIDAY off!
Finally finished "The Hunger Games" series. I liked it! :)
Follow ----> for dms to the real roc royal and ray ray (:
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME
pshhh, you know me, future dr phil guest: good girl gone bad
ok final answer Chuck Pagano
Nigga damn. I missed my babies :( </3
Im on the pursuit of happiness #kidcudi #happyholidays :)
ever find your phone?
Ignorance of the Scriptures is ignorance of Christ. St. Jerome
I like when Justin has his
Wish I tweeted more. All 138 of you are wasting your time.
you're a coward.
I'm pretty sure your photo is featured on as the fan photo of the day!
howdy stranger....
I wore my first hickey like a purple heart.
Thanks. I forgot about artsconnected.org.
You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger? haha I think snakehead fish needs a new PR manager. Some rebranding might do wonders.
Recording for next week's broadcast, cool #innovation in the tickets space
it's frustrating I actually went to bed at a decent time my eyes just won't stay shut 👩🔫
...stand in the place where you live, now face north, think about direction, wonder why you haven't before......
Hoping everyone is having a great St. Patrick's Day!
Lofting weights and swinging kettlebells like its my job! Oh wait...it is my job! I love my job!
Top of the morning. ☀
watching 's video on replay!! so amazingg <3
Great to meet you and so happy to have you as a new member! See you at the next event!
Ah..my bad.
Pumas are the comfiest shoes ever.
The past two hours have been perfect bliss.
Charles Barkley is the John Madden of basketball... well, intelligence wise.
Give me your heart, I promise I won't break it <3
I just signed up and looking for friends on twitter
I have something funny/weird to tell Jalen lol
lolol I know
the fairly odd parents<3
If we did, the species might die off. Next up, nostril cleaning!
hmu when yall get out of school
"Never wrestle with a pig. If you do, you'll both get filthy. But the difference is, the pig will love it!!!"
What if cats began to take over the world?
hey I like your blog. First time here for a long time but that was the first link I clicked on. :-)
Starbucks > school .. 2:48 couldn't come any sooner.
Awesome! clears his PhD proposal milestone with flying colors, contributing solutions to improve NW graph legibility.
Only a half hour until an all new #PLL! Can't wait!
Lunchtime Latina Leaders! If you haven't seen trailer "In Search of the American Dream," get ready -- Powerful.
Thx 4 reference. sounds like it might be helpful. Gonna need it when I switch gears after finishing speech on contacting aliens.
You are never finished. You can’t finish a methodology. It’s always changing. RT
S/O to my new followers! Much appreciated!
Detroit RedWings vs Preds in game #3 at noon today. At the game? Mindfield produced the game-opening video experience. #GoWings !!!
Shrimp suquet blowing my mind. I need to bathe in this!
Hooray, double-minor. Now if the Rangers could only get a shot on goal
I didn't have any idea. Must have been some poop nigga.
was amazing tonight! Amy looked absolutely fabulous and Nick is so adorable, when he wasn't lookin' at my drag rack haha!
Catch Curator Ben Thompson tomorrow morning on in the 7am hour. He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
I meant Kendall, oops! ;c
When I'm in school, I wanna be on vacation. When I'm on a vacation, I wanna go back to school. Why does it have to be so complicated!
lol my room just got so bright I could see the posters on my wall in full detail powerful lightning!
At least Ikno I'm not failing this class I'm str8 ... 3moe
Writing yesterday was very productive. This album is going to be so NASTY!!!
So, without Prozac, I cry a lot more. Fancy that. I love SSRIs!
They may catch you at first but Then throw you down like nothing ever happened in the end.One day I hope that wont happen.
Dinner at Hue was delicious as usual. Love that place. Then, saw a rainbow after the storm! Yayz.
do you know when the soccer schedule will be available by any chance?
Hey Greg What's up?
Kev I got a quick question
thanks for the download as the tweet! What do you think so far?
I had to break it to my 7yr old her fish is dead. Yeah that worked out well.
Guys who have long hair when they're bald are like dogs with sweaters. its awkward, sad, weird, and should never happen.
Tonights prediction: the sewers run red with Mayweather's blood.
far from shady...we'll see how shady after post pics of Madden11 in our hands b4 the release date
What sort of Disney movie are you watching?!?
oh my god thank you so much <3 You're super gorgeous as well(:
Ice works great for injuries and inflammation. Consider heat for more chronic problems or muscular tightness.
is thrilled to have 2 more LA film auditions this afternoon. Next goal - a callback!
Wow! HUGE bat out in front of the grocery store. Had to have a 2-foot wingspan. Blech.
7 doesn't seem that cold to me this morning. Does this mean I'm gonna be that shorts guy soon?
"And then on Friday, April 19, I remember clearly, my day started with scrambled eggs and whole wheat toast. Then I got this call ..."
You are welcome!
": wish I could go babe ... #NEXT2NAKED you know I hate clothes lol" I know u do lol
my ninja. Thanks bro
Just got my first spam on #pinterest. Could just one thing stay spam free?!
Participating in a fascinating discussion about women in public service project w 7sister colleges, us state dpt & dell
Watching Rizzoli & Isles.
SO SEXY ;) ..IM ITALIAN MYSELF AND SHOWING LOVE TO YA HUN
I do! RT : “: J-Lo will premiere her new video on Twitter....” who needs the media?
equals awesome.
See.. its nothin
Photo shoot today!!
This bitch....
Good job messing up my name last friday ;) No wonder is catching up in followers...
I CANT WAIT TO BRING BRUCE HOME !!!
Pretty much, and I'm probably going to more devoted now than I was years ago. After all, the TV is on...
#anybodyoutthere has anyone lost both their parents in a short amount of time? I feel so alone now
vs let's go capitals!
I hate to think that you are flying commercial jets!
Eating arepas for dinner @ Meza!!! :D
The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy.-- Malcolm S. Forbes
You sir, are my future husband! 💍❤
"I'd run through the desert and walk through the rain, get you into trouble and take all the blame" :)
Most Daves in one post ever. Or is it...
Omg Urban Outfitters has some amazing tank tops but the ones I like are crazy expensive! :l
I'm reading on the bed. Cat wants my company but wants me to know he does not like it. He's on opposite corner of the bed, face turned away.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she on twitter tweeting bout how she thirsty for dick...
we would be screwed
I don't want to sound like a grammar nazi, but in the article, is said he was "excepted," which means to be excluded. Just fyi
RT : Q&A w/Compellent CEO Phil Soran in today's : "The only storage company that wants you to buy fewer...
TONIGHT: All night Happy Hour at North 45!
Federal prosecutors bust alleged DMV bribery ring. License applicants paid up to $3K to "pass" written test. Four DMV employees accused.
Going to Karma to eat some cake, drink some vodka and dance my butt off
HAPPY NEQW YEAR FROM NEW YORKK
Sucks losing in pong at scooters
thanks. you know, you'd think i'd have more than 54 followers with the level that my tweets are on.
The Vow with !!
New #americanPickers tonight!
Now throw strikes dammit and get yourself a complete game Garza!
so I keep rippin apart the pieces that we made doesn't really matter if you ask me
Every person I hug says I'm a good hugger. How can you be a BAD hugger!?
good point! Thanks for the tip
oh sure! And after that I can teach you how to julienne some carrots and make you a steak
re: restoring country's sanity: Stop the proliferation of weapons of FACT destruction and rearm citizens with the truth.
im fine
it was supposed to be a joyful night. My brother in-law graduated from the police academy.
Dear cashier Ty for the "free" small cup for my water and ice. But the phrase "I'm being nice" should have never left ur lips.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
Our students are amazing! MT : Roosevelt Senior Jacquan says students forced to use back door. Likens to Brown v. Board
Hey , check out our interview with SUE GALLOWAY: bit.ly/o95j4p !
Captivate session went well. Participants loved it and asked for more sessions like this :)
What to do tonight.. Hmm.
Yes, but some journalists feel strongly they shouldn't vote in primaries, bc it requires them to declare party affiliation.
So there's no hope for you ever being happy o.o *sigh*
*nods* Well into the night. Whether drunk or not.
my spanish hw just unintentionally made an AD reference: "Vendemos la casa a Marta"
thanks for your support of !!
Stank booty ass bitch
what?! That sounds weird lol, :p
Awesome way to show greater community what your librarians can do! [taking notes] Love the way it's set up on the page, too.
then you realize it's me...and your excitement is tenfold? THANKS, BRAH!
Another boring weekend:/
It wasn't intentional. :/
At the studio, time IS money! Plz come PREPARED. We feel bad taking your money for time you waste... but we'll do it!
BOOM RT : Lack of Insight Bowl
Products you use every day could be dangerous, and some companies know it. So why don't you? TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10
Follow and help end the fight against bullying!
Farm Glass & Metal Spiral Tea Light Holder Recalled by Christmas Tree Shops Due to Fire Hazard. Firm's Recall Hotline: (888) 287-3232
I'm stalking... Er.. Following you now. >;-)
has the greatest twitter followers! So, we are asking you. We just got a brand new blog. What should we blog about?
Any MSU drink specials? RT Come to "MSU Men's Basketball v. Illinois at Hi-Tops" Tuesday, Jan 31 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
Just watched DONNER PASS for the 3rd time... That movie got some sh@ with it. A lot of blood and gore. Indie films get it in.
Coffee = A way of life.
Hey follow me and I'll follow back
Tonite - A Dancer's Life Discussion w/ Step Afrika! at the Atlas: www.danceistheanswer.org
if u had millions of dollars would u support ur "crew" and pay their bills? ..idkkkk
All I ask is for a follow back from is that really to much to ask for ugh :(
and auto generation reduces the opportunity for 'same name' problems
Justin's birthday is tomorrow!
I Ate My Gluestick
Dirk can't hit a lick today. Delonte West stepping up tho.
: We’re currently focused on international markets with a variety of customers. Stay tuned, and thanks so much for your interest!
May the lord bless you and keep you...
thank you so much for a great event last night!
C.R.E.A.M. - Wu Tang Clan
Happy Easter everyone
So occupy Philly is back. Why do they have to block traffic though? Stay clear of walnut street if you have to drive in Center City.
At #SXSW? Want a drink on me? Crimson Hexagon's hosting a cocktail party. DM/reply me for details!!
RT #worstfeeling when your mind is trying to kill what your heart is keeping alive
See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel? We would love to see your photos. Send any pictures to or DM us.
At Vietnam Wall, headed to Lincoln Memorial & tix for Washington Monument at 9
Fun fact: I grew up half an hour away from there. You're in the heart of #hillpeople country. Get a horseshoe at Jackson St.
“Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.”–FreemanThomas,CarAndIDer
my boys are over here nodding furiously. They know what time it is, cake-wise.
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight... even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
Wycombe and Exeter are both down, right? Are you going?
Going to slepp. Goodnight Hope you have a good sleep <3
Chasing the sun - The wanted <3
I move to my new house tomorrow, get your ass over here and get the heavy stuff so I don't have to. Bring the ginger with you.
Man what's good tweeps feels good to be back, I been gon too long true or right or wrong HELLO STEVIE WELCOME HOME
It makes us sad seeing you tweet everyone but us :( *sigh*
Check out Facebook for our new shipment of Sperantsa products!! BEANIES, SCARVES, AND GLOVES!
Shooting with the fabulous Gazella today!!
Help! Do I watch #MadMen or #SisterWives??? Either way it's gonna be amazing and one guy is gonna sleep with 4 women.
A growing crowd of Information purveyors will shut down service from 6:00 am - 6:00 pm PDT Wed., Jan18 Wikipedia, Monzilla > SOPA Protest
exactly...I love red velvet cake, cupcakes, women........LOL!
at the Turner House watching the Pack with Jodi and Jackie waiting for the GA lottery
What up boy!
Really?? I have never had that happen on facebook
I've never heard of that one, I'll have to check it out!
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend !!!!
Thank you!
Or lately, between cell phone upgrades. RT : Real friends are the ones who survive transitions between address books.
Have Sunday Brunch with us and enjoy our Breakfast Burger or Breakfast Burrito.
Haiti#on my mind!
Such a beautiful day with family and friends. It's good to be home & awake ! :)
MT : Military cancels Ted Nugent show citing anti-Obama comments
what a shame
I pray that we arrive safe the whole way through in jesus name... Amen
War. Rape. Murder. Poverty. Equal rights for gays. Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting? ~The Value of Families
getting ready for start up of jan. classes
Holy shit, no I've never seen it but that's hilarious. You know how I feel about Journey...
Doesn't matter, had Carl's.
Miracle Svc on TBN now! Hosted by 't miss ur opportunity 2 receive ur Miracle! What r u believing God 4?
At least twice a week. RT : Do you ever feel like you just can't ever catch a break?
What do you think about this week's #AmericanIdol results?
What do you do with dead chemists? Barium...
I'm about to go in the living room and unplug the tv. She wouldn't know what to do then. 👿 😂
im gonna go make a cake bye
Jeez, your just so cool sayin stuff you don't even know means, I wish I was like you.
“: Great news for the Glass family tonight, glad Matt was found safe” thank God Matt Glass is alive!
why do all toothbrushes have to be neon?
THEM THEY DON'T MAKE VERY MUCH BUT I BELIEVE THEY ARE HAPPIER WITH THEIR LIVES IN THE LONG RUN FOR SERVING THEIR FELLOW MEN. OTEHR
won't be on, going to get some sleep. school tuesday EW spread the page and help us get to Chicago <3
Hm cleaning up my room realizing how much of a pig I can be... I need to get my shit together all aspects of my life
the same dumb ass dog that woke me up at 5am saturday attack my neighbor and her dog!!! WTF. dude!
Might as well give up with basketball
Can it get any hotter in my room or ?
Heard your back as a Nugget, welcome back!!
<33 i love you!
Some people have an "Eliminate the competition attitude" No BIG tent"
yah and yah and she got to meet JB on the ellen show and got to sit on his lap the whole time,i dont really no everything
thank you beautiful!
I think I got a little sunburned today.
Luv your show! You have such a fun family! Take care!
Starting to hate the city I live in
- i just realized ... i laugh at literally EVERYTHING ... lmao .. everyone tells me i do .. but i never noticed til noww .. hahaha (:
Congrats on the tech upgrade!
Hope you have fun!! :)
<< I used Insanity to lean up and endurance. I love lifting weights though. Getting ready to start p90x again after my 5k
Now this is how you start a q&a.
RT : RT : "Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do." Benjamin Franklin
by the way, if you will be down in 12, would like to see if you can participate in one of our Summits.
I think me and are gonna see Avengers opening day. Looks good. But it's not TDKR.
I can't wait!
i got a summer dress for the honors banquete, and some dress pants for the pride and unity awards, ugh i need a shirt by tuesday!
What a GREAT way to start a Friday and end a week! Great customers gets to work with, new orders, business ramping very nicely!!
My moneys on Sugar Shane Mosley. Here we go
I hope Portland, OR is on the list.
What a fiesta!
I'm just that mathematical. indeed, we need to get together
Audition Tip: Be careful when changing gender of an audition piece. Consider lyric, style, & appropriateness.
Thank you David Fincher glad I get weekend with my mom
Thanks for following
Kandi just making money all over the place. That's what I'm talking about Kandi
Goes Live In Ten Minutes!!
just one paper.
Miami bound!
Today is gonna be a chill day! ! ma buy some shoes an be happy
yeah we do gotta do ah track
I'm so bored 👎
where did you go?!
That's gotta be demoralizing, in their house no less, need this OT.
Whenever I have to give a presentation I like to tie it all together at the end with "So, um...yeah....".
There's no reason to have it. A lot more productive things you could do. Plus you don't want to meet a guy on there anyway.
woo hoo! Geek power! :)
UPDATE 1-Tennis-Sony Ericsson Open men&#39;s semi-final results
jimmy kimmel is on fire.
Lucky you, it's snowing in Kansas City today!
gosh, why are some so critical about a funeral. its sickening. the Whitney criticism doesn't even stop with death.
Haha. This is the whole problem with LinkedIn. RT LinkedIn: Miss your old boss? Me: Is this a trick question?
that's what I figured that's good u stay out of trouble and keep me posted on Bre.
IU plays UNC next year for big ten/acc challenge! It's gonna be a good one
Thank you Prof Ogg! Good times back in the mid-1980's in the Withey House - 1136 Ogg East.
yes. Milwaukee is in Wisconsin :)
omg I need it!!
Thanks, Mary Ann, for the kind words!
Are there any schools you would like to see broadcasted in Indiana? HoosierTrack is excited to start kicking off events!
This is the United States!! Stop the polarizing!! And Unite for the futures of our children, grand children and even ourselves!!
how you doing? and
thanks Mark. Appreciate the effort!
No kidding. I plan to cut off all arguments w/ my kids by declaring the debate inquorate. Let 'em look it up.
missin you dawg! i never saw you on your birfddaay :/ we shall rage tomorrow and continue the festivities
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!””
That isn't impossible?! Well-done!
Thanks to and for being two of the coolest people I've ever met. <3
#truefact - netflix is terrible:(
My son for his birthday has asked for a Inca statue that is featured in Scooby Doo 'Monsters of Mexico'. Help!
“: I wanna be happy like the lady on the Popeyes commercial. so much enthusiasm.” I just want some Popeyes!!
Ah, found the quickest way to my heart for conference presenters: Mitchell & Webb clips.
Girls with long NATURAL hair >>>>>
I actually find that there are too many portfolio-centric wp themes.
Ready for some Pinot! Thanks for following! All the best can't wait to see !
Ever felt u take 1step forward 2 steps back? I Do. So I keep a list of my steps to know I'm moving forward. How do u know your direction?
Thanks. :) I miss you all, too. I hear Katie is starting next month - a lot of excitement at CB&A!
TO JAIL
Got some good news today, more things going on, love it
oh, poor puppy. My dog was 7 or 8 when he was injured. I'm sure Bailey will heal up perfectly!
The answer is UNDOUBTEDLY.... Hilary Rush Colcha Principessa Lost & Found Calypso/ Calypso Home
Early morn start w Heading to and am ecstatic. Been waiting for this all winter.
does city need to win or just tie?
Wtf? WHZ breaks away. There's no excuse for that. No way would this happen for the
i love your tweets because they are so true and make my day!
Merry start of the NBA season!
OK, Zito kept it under control. No Decision. He can go home tonight & sleep soundly on his pink satin pillows.
I’m already bored. ⁰I’m already wise. ⁰I’m already worn. ⁰I’m already wondering ‘What am I?’
RT : Clear has been down at my place in SW Abilene for ~ 4 hours. #clear fail! Fantasy team isn't set yet!?!? 
ITS SO INTENSE but I just ruined it and now it's 667
Since Twilight Time is licensing from Columbia, perhaps they should try to get Fail-Safe on blu-ray; I'll bet they could move 3000 of those.
how can I be nice to people and they just throw me attitude. This is why I can't live with anyone because it going to continue to happen.
I'm sure.. Haha
Still In Love :)
This Saturday March 17th is our Free Device Workshop, come in to learn more about your device 730am-900am
Google Docs, stop fucking with me.
rondo's going to have high numbers today!
Why didn't "Never Let Me Go" not get nominated for anything?
#GoTribe It's good to see the tribe over .500
Uh-oh. The drink tickets are working. I sees people grinding on each other.
Get to feeling better soon. RT in not feeling well today... Give her some love.
but you finna be rolling OG
Nice to meet you too.
haha! Poor him! I know how it feels I have all sisters. Lol I'm dying to know what happened to Shepard?!?!
Dont know what "din" means. But. Thanks. What are you doing now?
Another Sunday! You can find our donuts @ Monkey Nest Coffee, Houndstooth Coffee, Summermoon Coffee, Monkey Wrench Books, Austin Java Cit...
i didn't know you could write in korean! ^_^
omg I love your tweets from the other day ! Miss you girlfriennn
thanks for sharing ur opinion! It was a surprise.
“: I think I have a crush.” I swear I feel like we're always on the same boat
#hth2012 Frank: talking about DataOne (environment), sets of linked archives working with ecosystem of information
