Been eating my feelings away all day long today c: so god yet so bad
when?!I'm in USA but I'll watch on YouTube!<3
one at a time
I'll never waste you time, only if i could get you on the line .. you'd be mine 1-4-3
now you wanna run...go head get it in playa!
yeah. He was hospitalized over the weekend. Recovering now, but we have to keep our eyes on him for any relapsing.
You're welcome. Enjoy the workout. :)
ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!! FREE SHOTS $20 VIP!!!! indmix
talking 2 u
You must decide, as a dancer, how will you make your mark.
How about winning... just cuz? =) : Good morning Denver :) let's wear purple again today.... Just cuz
Crazy day yesterday, lesson learned. Sometimes it's not in your control to help a friend. In the end it will always come to their decisions.
#PaulMcCartney has just stolen the #Grammys. Awesome.
Very nice. Thanks for the share!
internet allows clowns to get there internet thug on with no consequence. times are changing for real.
": Be careful with who you give yo love,trust, and affection to" nd ur follows nd since u cnt follow bck im done following u
I was just testing it's distance
Half way to the destination about 3 more hours left.
Great meeting you today, can't wait to start the breakfast club :)
If getting on my hands and knees before the Lord is what it will take then that's what i'll do.
Thanks for RT. Love to meet/chat while you are here in Austin. Send dm or ping
Why does my phone keep changing my mother's name in my address book from "Mom" to "Mom Fischer"? This is odd.
LoL RT Tami is about to get the show canceled. Fn the $$ up.
Planning to disseminate our work at national conferences
no offense, computers! :)
RT : So the partner in class warfare is "independent" news agency . I am sure would be proud.
AP English exam today!
watch the while show our Jack was on burning his capezios
~lml that would b different
One girl called in saying she got hit by a door and couldn't come in.
I missed tweeting you too! I felt so incomplete!
LOVE Joan Jett!
I'll watch that only if Vienna is a contestant. RT Jake Pavelka rumored to be the bachelor again
If you're in DC and have an unobscured view, look now to the west at the beautiful glowing horizon and rolling clouds.
How does your schedule look in March? Break is around the17th-27th. WeCould get together for lunch bfore then in Tempe.
awesome. See you soon!
Bremen are awful
hahaha, it would be better to have a PodCast and people can listen to me tell stories of the big bad world.
Will check in with you guys in a day or so.
Live in the place where u walk in what God is saying not what He has said. If not u may very well miss your opportunity to move forward...
"Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass. It is about learning to dance in the rain."
You're the man Tim! Speaking as a lifelong Bronco fan I couldn't be any prouder that you're our QB. Have fun!
You are on our radar. Keep in touch, we should be making plans very soon.
Waiting for the proof to come back for the first book VERUM: TRUTH...
To everyone who give me a weird look on campus walk-Yes. I just love wearing yellow tights with athletic shorts.
i am what i am, i stand where i stand.
depending on how my money is spent i might get a ticket for florence and the machine
im helpin out for prom
next week okay? i'm open most afternoons except possibly Monday.
Hot Pink Sheet: procured!
you are my role model bought your book and shampoo love both:)
Some jobs are structured to over work you for little compensation. Want more for yourself, tell them what you're worth!
You got it, dude.
I just need more good texters doe, people I'm actually interested in textin
Should Rocky get 2 for the botched call? ;)
and Miami's streets are filled with drunk Cubans (y)
We've adjusted your registration to reflect the new pricing based on your needs! $100 per attendee :)
Elway botched Orton's trade-ability. He lost on Tebow trade (if not the entire #15 phase out). Why am I blindly trusting his plan again?
next week ima say yes to everything
It's Chisom's birthday today! ;D
Good sign when we're complaining about the quality of MMA commercials on FOX!
Thanks for the kind words
i think everybody needs to follow this boy because hes my favorite of all
college must be affordable. Out latina valedictorian can't afford it even w huge scholarship...no fed loans avail.
someone's gotta speak up for FL Studio. Might as well be me.
Chipotle should do late night deliveries. That'd be nice.
Yep, you got it, #Autism. If you Google hash tags and Twitter you will get a way better explanation than I can offer.
That awkward moment, where you shut the fuck UP !!!
Rose Bowl. Super Bowl. Sweet 16. NL Central title. What a year for Wisconsin sports.
My hubby's coworkers threw him a 'Daddy Shower' at work. :) So nice! He didn't know the nursery rhyme game though.
You, too!
haha I no :( but if he had to date anyone, I'm glad it's her... She's really nice!
Just saw an APD motorcycle with an M-16/AR-15 instead of a shotgun on the back. Interesting development in the militarization of police.
Thank you for all your support!!!!
I think the Hyuk Sexy and the Su Sexy calls for a HyukSu psot on Melismatic when I get home.
you're a funny dude. also on Millionaire match maker atm
Gonna wish i had a storm warning for how hard i fell for <3
Okey♥ thanks for the advice friend (:
Fugg wit my
great tweet - curious as to why it is so relevant? Is your school fully iPad equipped?
I love banana nut muffins.
and I want a pet flamingo
Here there be hockey AND bourbon!
$1 Lone Star/Lone Star Lt this Tues and every Tues at W Alabama Icehouse. Tell your friends!
More fun going to preds game not a bad seat in the whole place unlike titans stadum.
So I'm officially runnin ghte #NYCMarathon, gotta up the mileage for sure....
LOL. I survived. Saw them at the Forum 1974, the Stairway To Heaven tour. They were great!
My momma says to tell your momma "Happy Mother's Day xoxo" RT Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mommas out there! x
I disagree with you, do not share your beliefs, and can articulate why. Is not an #atheist saying I hate you, personally.
Forget about life for awhile
tell him to take a fucking seat... on a bed of knives
In #Taupo with the and I think I am going to do another #bungy!
Heading back home from the Holidays - a wonderful time with Kim's family in Bald Knob Arkansas
lol. Funny! Do some work!
immigration law and history
Thanks for the love!
- favorite song "sing a song"
Each one who's left RT : Taco Bell new promotion: If the Blazers break 75 each fan gets a free dollop of nacho cheese sauce
“: Watching Rugrats with my rugrats” #salute to my nigga. A real nigga!
This rihanna performnce is dull
why is there no MLS section on the NBC Sports mobile score board?
RT : I wonder--do most of us believe school as we knew it, as it is now, will suffice to prepare kids for the lives they will...
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for making me get up 3 hours early every weekday just to get my news from you!
I am looking for a non-religious, non-political NPO to design a free website for. If you know anyone looking please have them contact me!
:) thank you!
Drinking coffee while the bullies wrestle and listening to Camp Pendleton blasts
Calling ALL #Spurs Bloggers! Promote Yourself - Add article links to wall - Connect your social media accounts - Much MORE SpursConnect.com
NASHVILLE TENNESSEE that's where it should be I'm going to start a trend #MahoneToNashville!
This couch is so comfortable. I need a blanket.
Crafter left Confession :((
someone in a convertable in front our office is having his middle age crises.
university of Houston
Please RT/ re-post GOkickballers... game times switch to 6:15 tonight thru rest of regular season (next week). Autumn is here......
And I just noticed a wi-fi network within my range called "HideYoKIdsHideYoWifi." This is just not my day to feel normal.
Late night and early morning, all invoicing done. Now just finishing edits and getting ready for 3-2-1
love to get our wine to you and all our irish friends
"Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence." - Michael O'Brien -
Cuddling > work
Awesome look. Love it!
Do you have some time to chat next week? We'd love to share with you early about our big update rolling out on 4/1. Thanks!
All emails sent from my iPad are signed "sent from one of my 5 iPads"
? the so called "worst" of sec are better than best of most other conferences..deal with it
i want to know why libraries & academic institutions make it so difficult to get information without paying lots of $$, or enrolling.
Not #wearing a jacket or even a scarf today. Brrr.
Wats in the burg right now?
Thx bro. Whats up man? Hit me up dude.
Just because ur cute/sexy doesn't mean I'm attracted to u. U still have to be able to have a convo wit me. Intelegence is more attractive!!
It took a few days, but I'm now officially scrolling the wrong way more often in Snow Leopard than I am in Lion.
Man this fish turned out great!
Without Batman (DWade) he would never win a chip. So if he does win congrats on that, but for me he will never be in the..
best night.
Happy Weekend
That one Friday in February.
Source Code and Mint Chocolate Ice cream.
Possibly the worst hangover of my life today
#MyThoughtsAtSchool When Did She Loose Her Virginity... 'Cause She Ugly
Thank you to everyone who came out today for our ALS Zumbathon. We raised over $500 and cannot thank each of you enough!
Have fun!! ": Enjoying my birthday date with , no destination, driving with the top down, music blasting, wind...
you're such a bro, bro. See ya bro.
When you make a difference with what you have it expands
i wish it rained more here in southern california!
That #1 spot on the billboard
thanks for the follow. I look forwrd to exchanging ideas with you. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all my TweetPeeps!
Obama asking WWRD? is not "unpresidential", it's an important question to ask the electorate. Mitt's own words are a cause for concern.
wow! 998 followers... help us get to 1000! :D
#20ThingsIlove my best friend, .
yea it's awesome
This 70 degree weather is messing with me. I've got Cedar fever &Spring fever at the same time. Makes for a crappy day to work either way.
Thanks for the RTs!!
Love it!! I'm really looking fwd to year two! And your *three* year is coming up! :)
#single # real talk.
you guys definitely deserve it :)
Finding #1: people genuinely believe their goods are a better donation instead of $
Walk on the boards, Happy Birthday Nanny! 🐘👼😥
Dr. Cornel West and Tavis Smiley dropping some real nuggets of wisdom on Piers Morgan (CNN)
Thanks to the 50 participants in Friday's #UMBCsocial unconference! It was a pleasure to meet you all. Follow-up details coming soon.
hey its me mary, please follow me back. :)
then why are you all on teams?
Guy with a gun reported on campus. The place is on lockdown. Doesn't sound like shots have been fired.
Yes, and I are celebrating HubBuds' first birthday with a commemorative trip to Copenhagen. Right, ?
lol I've never had it. Is it really that bad?
Guys that can dance ....;)
Yeah, her grandpa is Eero Aarnio. He's awesome :)
: wants me to figure out when we are going to see you and tonight. we're doing dinner yeah?
lmao and the bread is free! And we like free!
have a nice night.
Hernandez for Welbeck and Park for Anderson?
Bio test to study for. DO NOT DISTRACT ME.
Branches, trees, masters, forks, commits... plus strange, opaque commands that somehow connect x to y!
No time for a Mani/Pedi today...I know, first world problems!!;-) #PromOneTwo Are you readdddyyyyyyy.....................
#thatawkwardmomentwhen ur 4 year old brother asks if you have milk in your boobs-.-
RT : What do my Tweeps like seeing pics of? So I'm not "boring" lol ( Wins, TDs, Cool Catches, you know the norm from a WR )
Birthdays in the house of math teachers: "dad, how old are you?" "It's a very exciting number, I'm 2 to the third times 3 to the second!"
What's kansas city up to tonight?
After 5 books and untold URLs, I've finally identified the gold standard CSS reference: Eric Meyer's CSS The Definitive Guide. It rocks.
Fuck my life and everything and everyone in it.
*tries to read mind* ;-)
And i think he mad at me
Pittsburgh We Run This | New Post: The Trula Era via , ,
Where should we bring our free Operation Orange shirts?
WANTED: Extra Arm's or Legs. Christmas cost me both lol
Taxes done. Almost seven hours. Now letting "Burn Notice" ease me and my painful back into a restful evening. Getting old = not fun.
Work at 4
RT Every time I walk past a campus tour, I want to join in. Those guides are so peppy!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!........
Wishin' I was, knee deep in the water somewhere. -Zac Brown Band
I lied down, closed my eyes, and waited for either sleep or death to take me.
yes nancy i did. Did u?
Check out the Global Music Radio app for iphone and ipod touch - www.motmotapps.com
exactly! it's pushing 80 in Des Moines, and I remember a number of SXSW's that were a lot chillier. have a Shiner for me.
I think every Asian Am at this gym is currently on a machine watching the Knicks. 1st time I ever really cared about b-ball!
Not sure if now is the right time to refi or buy? Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at (858) 376-1299.
had a great time in Savannah..back home tomorrow..I made it to GHS library/archive right when it was closing..#genealogy..maybe next time
Cant wait to quit this job!! December cant come any faster!!;)
From Sara Ahmed: Does the feminist kill other people's joy by pointing out moments of sexism? Or ...
Good morning!!!
If higher taxable value is created in an RDA, yes I want to reinvest some of those new taxes 4 housing, infrastructure in that RDA
Happy 2012 Eve to everyone! .. Be safe, not sorry or worse! :) ♥'s and xo's
Things change but got to make the best of it. Ya feel me?
thanks for the follow. Check out our Grateful Dead Tracks Pack, it comes with three unreleased Grateful Dead tracks!
are you going to try TAXI here too? Or sticking to Chicago only for now..
RT : No way Memphis blows TWO 20+ leads in their own house, right?
Bobcats take >28 "long twos" (16-23 ft) per gm, and are 7th-worst in NBA in % on those fga. Lg avg is 19.9 "long twos" per gm.
next year at the grammy's, i guarantee you justin will SLAY with believe. i can't wait.
Allen Monument Co in Crawfordsville puts QR codes on tombstones!
RELOCATING THE LAB TO DECATUR!!!!!! WE ABOUT TO GET IT IN CLOSER TO THE CITY...
haha okay, tomorrow when i have my phone i'll text you! be prepared!
Should be tested for heavy metals.
How about the Deviations series by Chris Owen & Jodi Payne? The 1st book, Submission, includes the contract negotiations too.
The Cost Management and Controls course from the Budget and Finance program starts Friday! Register today ccpe.georgetown.edu
We are in booths 2440 & 2442. We would love for you to drop by, always good to see you!
we're doing school too, got finals tomorrow #BEASTMODE #2cool4school maybe straight A's?
-so today i madee a friend that has the same dream as me.! Shes very cool and unique.! Shoutout to : ) p.s. go Follow Her.!
": In Lord of the Flies, Mitt was the one who stepped on Piggy's glasses, cause he was fat. #MittRomneyFilms"
FOLLOW ME IM WIT IT ERIC SHOUT ME OUT
food was great, service thumbs down at No mgr on duty on a Friday night, what?!?
come find me in broad ripple child!!
TRUUUUURT If he treat me right, and show me i can trust him of course he can have a 3some...
I sure am grateful that our paths have crossed!
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone
One of his most underrated albums, and maybe even the best out of the entire second tier of Dylan. Good work.
haha they act like that with him as it is lol the world is going to end if people have more freedoms!!! Lol
We need real mobile browser support for gestures. -
#replaceMovieTitleWithIrene everyone check this out
Anyone have a place to swim?
or to the gong show. Either way.....
love u babe! Had fun tonight:)
THE best question for a job seeker to wrap up an interview: "Do you have any concerns about my ability to excel in this role?"
Starting tomorrow I stop eating like shit. After happy hour.
Have you ever had Wheat Monkey from Lakefront Brewery? It's really good.
Very cool Lassie art!
We've got some exciting shows lined up for early 2012! Can't wait to share details.
your funny there goes my game 
working his last shift before break next week. Break = Data Entry + Data Entry + Data Entry + Data Entry.......
being able to just enjoy the show as a show helps a lot. but what do I know. I was a Carrie.
140 characters? yah right twitter.../: -sigh-
OMFG. CRAMPS, I HATE YOU!
SUMMERFEST IS AMONG US bring it on RISE AGAINST
I miss you. Date soon?
awww. Thank you. when will your book be out? I want to buy it already. Lol. You will motivate a lot of people.
classy talks in SAT prep
SIGHTED:: (Startender, Bryan Dayton) behind the bar all night at ! Come see him!!
RT : VoIP is not a service, it's an app. Over the top. You don't need to talk about/sell triple play. They are apps
Sometimes you miss the kid in you
Jk... That was actually my 960th tweet... I feel dumb.
Very Interesting, never heard of him before, good stuff
Hey guys check out our new song on facebook! facebook.com/byejunemusic
My high call volume be having me missing all type of money a problem I need to fix asap
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. Tom Hanks
Sad. Growing up, he made soccer and the Cosmos cool RT : R.I.P. Giorgio Chinaglia. Lazio and Cosmos legend.
It hurts worse with the tape off guys.
I view HR as tactical component of HC. My HC team focuses on biz strat while HR focuses on tactical/transactional
Yes, it is!! I need more! RT Morning coffee...... elixir of the gods
Damn, epic battles w/ Mr. Fuji. RT : RIP Chief Jay Strongbow. U helped lay the foundation that is now the WWE. Sleeper Hold!
Wanting pizza with ham and pineapples right now
Him, "So, are you from DC?" Me, "Yeah. Uh, you?" Him, "No, that's why I asked." Then he got off the bus.
Watching "Midnight in Paris," and it's making me wish I knew how to speak French. Beautiful language.
I'm hoping that you're disproven tonight. Losing to Washington would be real demoralizing.
Final Hill mtg of the day coming up in office. Rep. Green is chair of Congressional Vision Caucus & great champion for vision
"Bro... its just a button."
That is the WAY to do it! Cheers! Go see the world. :)
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 40
Gonna show my cousin a picture of the boyz!
Girl your missing out! haha they sing great
"This is nature bitch, we're getting primal in this house"
Devastating. #Bulls RT : Which two words completely destroy the mood of all sports fans? "Torn ACL."
How does it feel
LOL SO glad u heard it!! And congrats fellow Owl!!
I suck at technology
If your a true friend you wouldn't go out with the person I like and you knew that!
u already know where to find me.
So its hot out and it is bangin on wyoming
In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted
Tie score in Bean Town...the 76ers are in trouble. Let's Go Celtics!
Brilliant! Any chance you'd let us post this?
God justt let me know please
Robert Green Ingersoll~ In nature there are neither rewards not punishments--there are consequences.
+ Martial law was declared by Territorial Governor & US President to restore order. Chinese population of Washington never recovered.
totally possible and highly recommended to make the switch :)
In Federal Hill trying to lock down a few more accounts.
My mom just made me sweep and mop my bedroom floor. What is this shit !?
Yup, I called that...
Today was awesome...we threw an Abbey Dawn Launch Party for our new shoe line :) <3 my job!
Excited about our show nashville this friday night with west and the junkyard horns !!
When a michael jackson song comes on, you gotta move
Yup. Been here since Wed night. Good conference so far.
I honestly don't get the big deal about One Direction....
It takes two...web conferencing works best with 1 instructor and 1 moderator, but not always possible
Happy to have him in the fold.
RT“: A stripper stealing something and running away with it? This IS a bowl game in Miami.” -hahahaha! Awesome!
Whats Gucci MaH KILLAH! Had to take a lil two month vacay from twitter but it lured me back!! ANYWAYS WHATS GOOD FOR THE WEEKEND!?
The worst has happened. Yet I still hold my head high.living life for today. For tomorrow. The past isnt even in my vocabulary!
appeal still pending!
Fool no but ok i will haha
Lisa Nielsen ( ) wrote a book on how to use cellphones for learning!
why is it there are no animals out here all i gotta say is BITCH!!
looking absolutely beautiful... U go-head-on girl! :-)
Happy St Patty's day! If you come by today and show us on your phone that you 'checked in' we'll hook you up with 10% off!
Heading up to O & 23rd NW in DC to set up cheering station for - Stop by for a bit or stay all day - I'll be there 9-3pm!
Used to be a model got a tattoo to be edgy and stand out. Now they get'em to fit in.
Some late #redsox news- Ortiz hit his 300th home run for the Sox tonight; the other members of that list: Williams, Yaz, Rice and Evans.
mostly my tailbone is rejoicing in it not being cemented to a car seat after 2 days.
super excited.
Its easy to get into an accident when driving in DC, there are always so many Virginians in town. (real reason DC listed as worst drivers)
Friend of Portland State University student banned from campus for making threats says Henry Liu was studying "conflict resolution"
no...I'm unique.I have many interests but love outdoors horses raising & preserving my food
Have any of you caught that "One Direction Infection" yet? Sounds scary.
We are currently working on a tour footage music video and it is looking boss.
very bold! Love this concept (both the novel and the campaign). Wishing you well in this endeavor!
Search online directories and get listed to enhance your business position.
haha! that would be awesome, right?!
I'm a movie freak ;p
I'm off work btw get at me :-)
WAY too kind.. and thanks for spreading the word. I've been Belichick-esque (no "spacebook or myface"). Time to catch up.
funniest guy in the world.....thank god for family guy!!!
What might your dream be?
Some females take half naked pictures to get attention -______________• , not cool bro -.-
I bet its you taylor lolololol :)
LMFAO the people in front of me were sitting down (on the Internet on their phones the entire time -___-) so I could see xD
Nice! “: yes no one is bigger then the program .”
28 days later zombies are ze best zombies.
HI! We just launched our eLiquid line, and are looking for reviewers. Please message me back if you are interested in reviewing our juice
burnin it up like that on fire remix and goin ham like that reverbnation contest #toohottahold+toohardtafold
you get to do everything! Haha and remember what you DM'ed me :p
I've been without power since Saturday because or Irene
Sometimes I wonder if Michael Irvin is doing a Tracy Morgan impression.
like seriously niall hugged me and i swear i could smell him and then i woke up and why do i exist.
reading Light, Susanna Nied's Inger Christensen :: Grasping the bird's speech / Calling Am I a woman / I / I am the one who is open
I LOVED #cyberbully it was the best movie i ever seen but i cryed at part :{
I dnt have to lie on my pussy if I fuqqed I did so fuqqin well. but I didn't Foo so stop trippin real shit
So hockey has a higher concusion rate, but the story of the more dangerous sport is football?
Thanks to everyone who attended Art of Caring! The event was a huge success because of all of your support!
Also, it appears that Tarnoff blocked me just for associating with you.
Not enough space. Mentioned it in last editorial, at time of council vote.
quit watching about 3 episodes ago did not like Ben in the first place then he kept her 1 too many times
You know you have a best friend when she holds your hand throughout the entire first night after surgery💙💜💗💚❤💛💘👯
Power went out for a couple hours and it felt like the world came to a halt. Reminded of crappy NEPA and how great we have it here.
AW.... LOL... I have brownie mix here too
Now that is messed up. People are gonna start dumping in the streets, in more ways than one.
Thank you, Ashton Kutcher, for finally ditching the "Derelicte" look — trust me, even Mugatu is proud.
Wallingford is an outrageously great neighborhood.
#slackjawednewyorker RT the sox had as many wins as you have balls through the first 8 games this season.. 0
I'm still in Vegas love I get back tonight!!!! How are u?
Yeah, I really don't want to go to Texas for two months. I'm going to waste most of my summer 801 miles away from all of my friends. :c
let's do it!!
I'll tell ya two things. We might have gotten a pitcher in AJ Burnett
good morning :)
my fone died...sorry
Finance Tip: Work toward eliminating credit cards from your life. Living on cash is a great way to always PAY YOURSELF FIRST.
Anyone grind day. Can't wait for tuesday so I can be off again
looks like solar committee itself is headed for approval, membership will be determined later
What's everyone eating for #hungerchallenge? And what's been the hardest food for you to give up?
Natalie Garcia at First Friday?? Lady Boner!!
That's an amazing resource, hadn't seen it before. Thx for sharing!
Niggas who got all the mouth in the world when you not around but friendly af when you are, That's that shit I don't like..
Do automated hacking tools possess [negative] "human/social" qualities like deception, stealth, malice? In a way... #hcil brownbag
your Punk'd episode will be hands down the funniest episode ever! :D
Looking busy at a racetrack
They also need to stop watching Fox News. That $&%@ should have a warning label on it.
Great to hear! Welcome! #werealotlikeyou RT : thank you! I'm sold on renters insurance. I feel like such a responsible adult.
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out.
Demi is gonna be next to Queen Britney? All Demi fans please keep it nice or ill drag your fav's lace fronts... already seen one stan try...
My butt hurts from falling during ice skating yesterday xD
Apparently you can't tag Events in Facebook timeline anymore? BLAH
You can't order online?
So hey, remember that time the state that gave us John Edwards stood up and defended the sanctity of marriage?
My favorite part of that interview is Frank's response to the idea of Mitt Romney in 2012. "No."
RT : The serenity of the mind is a mind focused on the present moment...
Catching up on weekend of women: Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, President of Liberia & Nobel Prize winner; Elizabeth Madox Roberts, author
A nation that continues yr after yr 2 spend more $$$ on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.MLK
RT RT : real talk, nobody gives a fuck about followers. It doesn't change ya day to day living.
Pacers, Pacers, !!!
"Thanks" is not a bad word to have included. good for you!
is it tonya Harding?
we shall see!
I love that I keep getting spammed from #WalMart-- gives me another reason to add to the giant list of why I'll never shop there again.
"Who knows but that, on the lower frequencies, I speak for you?"
should improve "processing" speed. I buy everything. I like their combos, but time-to-view results is murdering it for me.
do I rlly lol! Yeah I will
You're right lol no way
ever thought of goo to ? There art track is really great :)
best #superbowl ad = Gatorade. sorry but I'm a sucker for 1940s Packers accurately playing at State Fair Park & 1960s Packers @ old Lambeau.
Boyfriend, beach, beer, and dolphins made for a great weekend! Our sunburn will remind us of the wknd for many days to come.
ran a 5k yesterday and my legs r feeling it today....cant stop now...off to the gym I go!
Pacquiao is running himself too thin with music and politics... Shane's got a chance. It'll be a good fight!
Last games of the KILT today! Lets win some. We can do it. #Lacrosse<3
sttopppppp it in my voice...he stop dropping stinky loads on my floor he will stop gettin knocked out lol
Is headed back to Chicago. Playing at Rodan tonight with Johnny Herndon and Josh Abrams, 11pm
,some1 needz to call a hospital or somtin cause ive got a bad case of vinny virus lol:)
be patient and tough; some day this pain will be useful to you.
How do you guys feel about a free download of our single "Wildfire"? (;
Basophils release Histamines, which cause an allergic response. #bloodfacts via
I'm Brazilian and this has almost happened to me 😳 RT : Death by dulce de leche
having dinner with your boy.
living the life!
YES! this is awesome! I l cleaned up 3 of those boxes the next morning hahahah
Who! #Respect <3
this conference may be a great opportunity to get American educators into the #edchatsa group. May I advocate?
“Are You Making Money From Your Blog?” LexBlog client webinar on April 17 or 19
YES. delicious! i go through a tub a week (embarrassing)
Wait, wait... just let me finish listening to Survivor before I get out of the car.
how could u be Bored? I've seen your girlfriend. Props to YOU!! GO DUCKS!!!!!
I just like the idea that this will be spoken to you in a robot voice: Ack! Running in the dark- that's dedication.
#rip Donna Summer
I made major changes to the life I was living
Chris Parnell's voice is godly.
And it was back to my killer tomato soup for dinner... If only it were harder to make, and even harder to eat... Off... I'm stuffed!
Get free shipping off ALL orders placed thru the end of February...use coupon code "FEBFREESHIP"
knee surgery yesterday. Housebound with a cat who isn't much of a conversationalist!
Reminder: To follow tonight's school board meeting, follow !
#3WordsForYou I'M WATCHING GLEE.
re-reading If I Stay for a book discussion this afternoon. crying while on reference in 3...2...1...
RT : #MuseumsAdvocacyDay isn't just on twitter. 300 museum advocates are on Capitol Hill today to lobby congress thx to !
how appropriate
your pretty much gorgeous. That's all, kay bye.(:
Doing absolutely NOTHING on new years eve? Really? What the FCK?!?! >:/
pacing myself!
DOING GOOD HOPE HE COMES ON TIME IM READY
Thanks alot your the best. Daniella nice to meet you.
Each and every 1 of us can make changes in the way we live our lives and become part of the solution [to climate change]- Al Gore
": You're never alone. Just know there's always at least one person who understands what you're going through."
Our new cups have arrived, and misc office stuff to secure our new trademark. Look like it has been around for years.
Q10. Mostly veggies with a little bit of meat.
I wish there was a place where I could scream my heart out and cry and run until I can hardly breathe. Guess that's what track was for.. :/
DId you know--our very own Frank Niemiec is getting hitched this weekend! Make sure to come in and congratulate him this afternoon! :-)
"We made too many wrong mistakes." Happy Birthday Yogi Berra
r u gonna rlly send the numbers?
Lmfao.! anyways..about to fix me some ramen noodles and watch the lion king...might go to my cousin birthday dinner later.
Dumanis says she supports "San Diego first." We have to cut the red tape at city hall, she says.
Mixer organizational meeting this morning - two of us donning giant sunglasses. Coffee please!
yes, it does make my day better
This is all just set-up for a torrid summer full of winning.
I'm working on a methodology to rank all of the international rankings in higher education...
I guess.... So freaking funny
the Spotify Mac app's design is progressing in leaps and bounds. Well done who ever's responsible.
Land of Hopes and Dreams.Bruce has gotten better with age. He's got more power than ever.The power of conviction.
Another screen.
never underestimate a women's ability to find something out .
RIGHT !!! I'm working on M St in Georgetown. All the coffee.
i'd love to do some face to face. when works?
#Lovechronicles.....very hood...but interesting movie...low budget-funny shit.....Ok going my ass to bed..Holla!.....
I've been hacked...I apologize for any spam being sent out but will be fixed soon! Have a wonderful Labor Day and cook something delicious!
I tip my hat to every girl that shaves her legs. It definitely takes time and I nicked myself twice. Hopefully it gets easier
That would have been my preference for this application. Alas, the only thing around was Old Foresters.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
RT : 28% : I wonder how much battery had left on his phone”
Bleh. I need a fucking Job, Car, & my own place to live!
For Ron Artest( not EVER gonna call him MWP ) to say that elbow was an accident is almost worst than the actual elbow. He is crazy...
I saw some footage of some polar bears drinking water... it's OBVIOUSLY fake. Everybody knows they only drink Coca-Cola..
always felt like Mr Mister and Level 42 should have joined forces.
awesome job
Are Tamra & Brianna wearing the same dress?!
She got me thinking her ass!!
"I am stuck on bandaids, cuz bandaids stuck on me..."
Check out new song..."oh yeah" is amazing..
We are young, we run free, stay up late, we don't sleep, got our friends, got the night, we'll be alright
thank you!
agree, a classic hat, we don't want to appear garish. I think gloves would be too much
I'll always remember 2011 as the year people thought Bridesmaids was a good movie.
People I used to talk to everyday now I don't talk to at all
omg i love that song! But i like his song "Whataya Want From Me" better :)
I live in Michigan but everyone says Chives is the best restaurant in Green Bay.
"they call me Frank Fairfield out on the open west" he's toured with fleet foxes too.
Before you head out from #Indy, make sure to stop by #Indiana's oldest family-owned winery!
So #Manning goes from being a baby horse to being a wild, untamed horse.
I'm in love with you..(:
Watching high school musical, haven't seen this movie in 4 years.
Stand up for what you believe in, even when no ones standing with you.
love your suggestions! We are deciding between ale house and rustico!!
There's always some movie I've always wanted to watch but never got the chance to
The Ohio State vs. Kansas game is live af!
I'm not even sure I'd yield that point. Webb > Tebow. Could you imagine how bad the Vikes would be w/ Tebow? 0-16??
I wanna be young forever
Looks mouth watering delicious. Filipino food for me tonight.
Mr Gonzo...can you please explain your relationship with the aforementioned hens?
Just saw and rookie but was too shy to ask for a picture
Is El Parian Taqueria owned by the same family as La Fiesta Taqueria?
those are some interesting selective facts - The college holds two national wrestling team titles; the university holds zero.
everybody ain't got your bball I.Q cuzzo we already established this...Gotta Know The Game not just what's on paper
I suspect I may be a digital hoarder.
Lol, I Did...You Didn't Text Me Back!
I love Astoria and Christmas!
Naaa that's my baby she got it bra
Did you catch Colbert last night? Great bit on signage made me think of u
PickUpLine: If you won't screw me, can I screw you?
Might Try A New Swag
Okay now it's time for me and my books..🏠👈🚙
There's a show called Up All Night
Passion is right up there with talent when performing as far as how good you are!
Just facts RT : Adidas is going lose a lot of money based on 's reasoning for the NBA's recent injuries lol
fish one past the gums, fish two frying up
is someone else's turn to be weak and quit today. Your training all winter has been stellar, almost time to enjoy the results
Yes, that's me. Anyway, nice article :-)
Oh, YOU! You look adorable!
-walks off with keys in hand -
You're music is cool man Got that OG swag. Look up my man he kinda sounds like you. youtube.com/watchdwight
If library employers don't treat workers right during this economy they face a mass exodus once economy turns around
More about where our meat comes from, and how it's processed. Some of the stuff is insane!
Chicken tenders at Collegiate! ... Yeah... Not quite the same.
We need solutions
this is awesome!!! miss you can't wait to catch up soon!!! :-)
QUESTION. What would you rather be... A bear or a dog?
DC area alumni: U R invited to a reception for "MICA Takes Flight" @ Terminal A, Reagan Airport. February 3rd from 5:30PM-7PM. See u there!
last night in Nor Cal, sad, I love the smell of other ppl's buds in the morning. literally like a "weed" out here, just grows everywhere!
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Be honest about your skill level when asking for help.
The first human being who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization. - Sigmund Freud
That's good, family is fun! :D
The TV version of The Notebook annoys me because they cut out parts.
My skin feels so silky smooth! Lol! Just thought I'd share....
Vintage + Circus = Total Inspiration......stay tuned for a new logo to be unveiled!!
it's Austin mahone
yo Rob DM I need ur help on some graphic work.
tell the world I'm cumming
And shout out to the crazy lady sitting next to us. Talked the whole time, slapped her knees laughing, phone rang. Truly horrifying.
they wont win the series at all.
Can it be October already!! I wana go back to the
RT: I'm so proud of you!! keep it coming! muahhh <THANK U SISSY, I LOVE U & u kno I GOT IT im a hustler lol :)
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. - Edmund Brown, Jr
A portion of the proceeds will benefit #CD101 for the Kids and the Wexner Center. Don't miss MMJ and Band of Horses at The LC on 8/12!!!!
Somehow I have recently become obsessed with the tools of the trade. What happened to the trade?
I think we are the tutors and if you think we're overstepping, talk to the teacher
I keep on runnin back to you..
you too Therese!
Tunica to Oxford ms 3am drive bringing back a lot of memories
Congrats! We're happy to have you!
: my initial Q was less "why is FB popular?"…
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest thing ever.
on the phone with and :D
I need this to happen to me RT : When desperation meets decision...CHANGE happens!
damn. she fell asleep.
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most awesome twittermommies, & !
Michelle you are awesome, so cute and funny, bye now!
Oh no! Why are they closing? Mega-sad. :(
Pay my World of Warcraft
I'll be eating leftover pie from thanksgiving all week. You know it!
Feed returns. Less than 4 minutes to go . Japan-20 USA-14
Anyone go to/will be going to #BeautyandtheBeast at the yet? We've seen a lot of you come through Moe's the past few days.
We are putting our 15 year-old cat to sleep this morning. I'm heartbroken. She's had a very good life. Here's to Monkey! I love you!
Thanks for all your help + for speaking on our Personal Branding panel at
no church for me
So it seems that most articles in the NYT these days are about balancing domestic roles in modern marriages & what bliss looks like. Um, OK.
HAUT RT : I told you I had a wavy perm pic from RKO Radio in 1971 but you didn't believe me. WHY didn't you believe me?
I think there had been more fouls then points in this duke unc game
second question. Am I safe walking around Downtown by myself?
It's not as valuable to me as Packers stock. :)
#liesbrokepeopletell "good looking out! I'll hit you back when I get my check on Friday!"
Just got my tickets to see tomorrow night at the in Lowell. WhoooHoooo
ugh bout time he shutup
10% off our clearance and weekly specials. coupon code TENOFF. Have a great weekend and enjoy the deals
spent the day putting out resumes/cover letters and house hunting online. My brain feels fried, but I'm determined to succeed!
hahahah good call explaining why not lmaoo
Ladies a greasy weave is not HOT so STOP with oil sheen your weave shud have a natural shine NOT shiny=hoodrat # haveahappyhairday
may not make it to #jerseyshore for awhile, my friend, but then again... Miss you!
Forcing myself to play Epic Citadel. Two words: "now what"? Or "so what"? I just don't get it.
I want to say "what are the odds?" but both he and I would frown and wag a finger at shoddy statistical thinking. :-)
Happy birthday !
I really loved our talk last I'm fine I was just sitting here thinking
I wish.
glad you're okay! I'm always afraid of that when an elevator makes weird noises.
I'm pretty sure I love you more girl :)
Thank you Marlene!
wow seriously? I haven't paid much attention obviously lol that's crazy though.
Up early because harmony won't let me sleep
Why would anyone want to marry their cousin? Someone please explain this logic to me
What stands between you and your 2012 fitness goals?
Vinyl copies of my EP are available at if you want to grab one in real life.
No. They're, obviously, only about rel-life results! lol
Very cute, you and your mum. :)
There is no other city I would rather be in. Sending love out to all of Denver today!
Thanks for the mention Greg!
I don't want to find out how many times #SaySomethin has played. It would be shocking..
Amen. This has gotten WAY out of hand. RT : We WILL pull together ladies. We are strong. We are brilliant. We are kind....
“: 134 retweets better get that phone call to cory smith resdy” Man of my word Byerly.. You've got ground to cover tho..
“: Tough questions are being asked in Heaven today. RIP Mike Wallace”amazing career. No fluff necessary.
#EverybodyHasTheFamilyMember that you never talk to anymore because they took one of your parents for granted
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Not feeling it today, but gotta push thru. Too much work to be done!
OMG that was amazing ! I love it! Yankees win the Yankees win!!!!Unbelievable lol
Yep! Still here! It will be 2 years in June! LOVE it!! Come visit soon:)
": Staff argue in Chicago bookshop: "The Orson Welles bio should be with Actors" "But he was a director too"" Final decision?
A family who prays together stays together. Thats why my friends and I have a strong connection. Go to the throne before you go to the phone
Working on reports Brandon Roy will be forced to retire because of degenerative knees. Latest on at Noon.
sadly couldn't find those
lmao @ the word Humpin! I'm dead! But thoes were the days! U so nasty;)
yes! I felt a little bad about drawing that parallel but I've got mixed feelings about what it means
to think i was worried about SAT...#gotdat1830 ;)
im glad you do
Show is done. Great show!
eventually we all morph into asexual blobs.
I LOVE CHERYL LADD she was a good Charlie's Angels replacement & I LOVED how she was Farrah's sister in case Farrah came back!
ah that makes sense
It seems like everytime I get comfortable I have to pee...
received an invite to "Masters of Gamification" group on LinkedIn... are they looking for a fight??
that is complete awesome sauce
It's the season for outdoor fun in Tucson! TMA's Spring Artisans Market and Cyclovia this weekend, 4th Ave St. Fair next weekend!
what part of texas are you in..?
Aww no i look crazy but i was nervous. he is the cutest:)<3
No question bout that!
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another. - Aesop
The awkward moment when one sends me their music & it's trash. I won't tell you that your vocal sucks - it just won't go up on my site :-/
Or maybe it's not lol
thanks! It comes with amadare (eel sauce), kewpie mayo, shichimi, and masago.
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other - it doesn't matter who it is
Getting through this Monday w/ our new friends: - TY for the follow love!
You could understand how I wouldn't be that interested in reading your argument after seeing that, right?
I'm such a book snob. I hate when ppl only read nyt bestsellers. There are other far better books out there besides nora f-in roberts.
Ice Cube rules!!!!!!
I expect for them do something about it. Have some of those candles or repellents available.
Seminar and Testing in London, April 2011
I dont see' the humor in blind jokes
#FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA they deserved it for all there hard work.love ya ?
#airports are the new panopticons.
yea but I think when its over that dark knight cartoon starts with rifle alfred
We are Dead a lot longer than we are Alive-You are on GOD's time so be careful with your days..
Beautiful Carolina morning!
Last #BlackBerry standing. Time for an upgrade.
I would LOVE to like you but my hatred grows stronger everyday.
"For by wise guidance you can wage your war, and in abundance of counselors there is victory." Proverbs 24:6
Challenge accepted. I like my chances.
Explain this to me: how are the H1, H2 & H3 freeways on Oahu interstates? Federal funding mandate? Pre-made interstate road signs?
if you are nice to them or not. “: On what?
Follow she follows back :)
#onthatnote there may be some folk in your circle that mean you no good
He just lost the best thing that ever happened to him..
As a corgi owner I still cant approve. sat=nocufflinks RT Cufflinks are forgiven cuz they are doggie cufflinks
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
don't make yourself ugly. Don't do it.
But it's not long enough
Last night and I figured out our lives' driving force: utter fear of boredom.
The super bowl is not entertaining!*
Thanks. It's just what I wanted.
Came along way still got a long road to travel
It's multiplayer for every version except PC.
I kant wait for the new album to drop
I HATE when people yell..ESPECIALLY if I'm right next to them!
Good Morning Ya'll its starting to look like a beautiful day in Austin little humid but nice ;) im craving SEE'S CANDY lol best candy ever!!
We're underway Blast fans - how are you feeling?
Let's get the vote out 2morrow Election Day 4 Carlos Gimenez -#19.. Let's go South Miami, Kendall, Pinecrest, Falls, Palmetto & Cutler Bay
it is, I needed to mix it up from the usual jack daniels. We best be boozin this summer n get all kinds of fucked up
chi town love
same for me! Growing up in the country cultivated a huge imagination. ...those were the days, huh?
Faried throws the ball two feet high on the break for a turnover. No biggie. If that was JaVale McGee, it'd be GIF city in here.
"The Story of Us" Susan Hustwick "Dancing to My Mother's Demons" Landon Clary Eason "Zen in the Practicle Art of Burglary" David Morgan
People who judge you badly for sometimes acting crazy, insane, or just plain weird... are just jealous because their life is boring!!
Ok Jump Off A Building Jump out a window, Smoke like a Junky and fuck like a nympho
Vitamin "H" time...
Friends - I've been hacked. So sorry you've gotten hateful messages. Don't click on the link!!! I did - and I think that's why this happened
what a dumb ass move by suh he cost his team the game and if he suspended could cost his team there season
Looking 4 a few good men/women. Want a way to get started in the game industry? Intern with Playd for the spring. email anthony[at]Playd.it
“The Cow Pie State has picked every president with a left-side hair part since Tootie Ramsey started wearing a training bra.”
Love your work, Jenny!
I just want to play a show that's nothing but New Found Glory covers who's in
I'm sleepy...
I expected Will Ferrell to do better than what he did on SNL! It was lame! He did Pres. Bush but that was it
How many games are you going to win on the road when you are outshot 41-17? If Pekka Rinne is on...a lot of them
Give something of meaning to your family and friends by honoring them with a donation to HI-San Diego helping kids and promoting peace....
Followers , if you want me to FOLLOW you ! RT , me :D
Follow me back
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty somebody gonna get they booty felt on
Go to www.watchnhllive.com the links are up for all the hockey games for today and tonight enjoy!!!!!!!
Just told Nate Tice to keep warm. We might need him if Russell continues to struggle.
I heard this quote in a song. "It cost to much to live and it cost to much to die". It struck a chord in me.
Can't get enough of ! Making my Thursday!
: my life lacks sparkles without you in it T_T
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw discuss the long term consequences of all of your options.
How bout dem O's hon?
because that's what you are.
Great game Florida vs Louisville! Very impressed with Siva, but Go Gators!!
#Atlanta is about to see me everywhere real talk. No more games, time to get to work.
Omg talking to this girl in my school and some random person says Danielle and I immedietely think Peazer, I have problems!
Been forever since I Tweeted. Busy! New App launching #Chinese accent to American.
As if "Angels in the Outfield" wasn't good enough I just discovered "Angels in the Endzone".
Great meeting you
If I pack the porta-filter on this espresso machine full of pollen, could the extract make my head explode?
Congratulations Dallas Mavericks... Great Game!
Better have bail money ready… “: If it's a hologram I'm gonna strangle someone!”
should have shipped you my recent package from the homeland. Lots of saure gurken and more...
And our winner is... ! Congratulations you win a $50 gift card to ! DM us your email ;)
EVERYBODY FOLLOW --->>
"Fellas: Don't marry a woman with big hands. It makes your dick look small..." u dumb!! LOL
#FunFact- Babies are born without kneecaps
Up for JBF award for best chef Pacific: Michael Cimarusti, Providence; David Feau, the Royce, David LeFevre, MB Post; John Sedlar, Rivera; +
The Mavs' Delonte West got mad at Gordon Hayward in OT last night, so he did what any rational person would do: gave him a "Wet Willy."
I'm learning while observing.
Ok, done!
yes. And I wouldn't even say that you know me and vice versa. Just sayin. Haha
#mmfa2011 "53% of consumers compare price in-store"
The RED show on Monday!!! Retweet my next tweet guys
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mommys out there! (:
Sunny mornin & starbucks = perfection! "What lies behind us & what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us"Emerson
After the #Illini lost to Iowa yesterday, I knew it was just a matter of time before they fire Bruce Weber!
Time for Milk & Cookies.
Yep. Hence why I reported it!
Hey, everyone! Go follow for magnet info in Lawrence Township. (shaking fist) I. Said. Follow!
which, as you may know, has been repudiated by some as being mistranslated from German to French to English ;)
Moms never should of never sent that text
Demi and Ashton-now part of the 52 percent.
honestly not trying to
Im a Good Man , just waiting for Wonderful Woman.
Muscles are slowly beginning to come online here at the parrrtay, whew! *dance and sing get up and do my thing*
I'll try that! If they don't kill me before. I'm obsessing them lol
Egads. that tour sounds "barry."
cuz I felt that it was a metrosexual thing at first
awhhh pop D:
Fck the 38 car line at chick Fil A.
Like Superbowl, Easter Sunday at the vet. Berk broke nail, revealing infected toe. Seems ok but amputation/Big C discussed. Will know Thurs.
thanks for following! What r u doing? :D
I think problem is most alt WP uses have still grown out of blog DNA. Defaults can be deterministic[+]
Given tmux a look - even more useful, and double bonus point if you’re using it with iTerm
thanks, you're really cute(:
Lea Thompson has been ravaged by time...stars: THEY'RE JUST LIKE US!!!
I haven't been inspired today 😒
tht wan drown shit yu always used to say old as heyyyooo
Thanks! Merry Christmas to you as well!
Time is money
. is hiring another Front-End Developer who also wants to hack on
not on twitter. Im like a homeless guy on twitter
I'm walking down 16th St. Mall and some girl in front of me just stopped and puked all over the side walk...
#HowCoolWasThat?! Saw someone wearing the Rebel shirt I designed!
Sorry lebron, not this year.
is ready for the BCS National Championship: Texas vs Bama! Hook Em Horns baby!
i cnt believe i havent even done half on my homework :(
Haha. I didn't reven realize I had it until I unloaded my car today!! I'm sorry!
Looking for examples of news orgs. publishing a database, asking users to check data (not documents). Anyone? Tools to do that?
Is this the room you work at?
Thanks for visiting! See you again soon..
Conference starts this Friday at home ! 7 pm vs Marshall. Be there !!!
“Readers have a loyalty that cannot be matched anywhere else in the creative arts.” ― Stephen King
Don't be that guy
We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money
CAN WAIT 2 C #DarkShadows with
Zaxbys is great!(:
I'll always love you, but right now i'm just not ready, i need to know , that you'll wait for me <3
And who decided we needed more booze last night...
when you realize what you should really fight for... That
Seems like i'll never get noticed by A girl can dream tho
Haha omg. no.
Thunder bout to make it 2-0 tonight, got love for Kobe but lets just face the facts tweeples lol
i was jus playin got dammit now shut the fuck up and get back to your tweetin u overly sensative emotional ass witch!!!
your wifey can see this you know!
SHOWER TIME ttyl
ikr like how much evidence did they have of me and shane, but i said i didnt do anything with him so it had to be true :)
DAMN THOSE PRINTERS!! DAMN THEM ALL!!!
Raise your hand if you thought you were going to get a little action from Google this morning!
Christ is still good, in spite of my imperfections.
Awe!! Happy Birthday BuDee!!!
My little bitty baby brother.. I just can't believe it
You tell me miss Weatherly! ;)
Nothing's better than ihop at 6am :)
I read that this morning. Unreal.
Throw your sticks and stones
that's so cute!
Sending a shout out to Rene for meeting the EATEN crew at #WeekendOfHorrors and letting them know you saw us on Twitter!
Can't wait to cross the finish line! I've the mile 9 feelin. Another running + is endurance training carries over to busy days @ the office.
This Everton/Sunderland FA Cup match is a cracker
Saw Mark Rylance in "Jeruselem" twice while in NY. Tony award voters got it right. His performance: brilliant! Writing: amazing. See it!
just bio 1, it shouldn't be to bad?
I keep trying to make myself listen to something other than Fleetwood Mac but I just can't
Ramen Sora rivals the city&#39;s best noodle soup
C'mon now don't lose this
Stayin outta trouble... ;)
I know I can beat u in 2k
"Nobody knows who I am or what I do. Not even I. Don Juan Matus "— Carlos Castaneda (Journey to Ixtlan)
wet lock
just chillin, working on new designs....getting boutique together
Another OT? Not cool.
like dr.j & dr.dre &dr.pepper : Sometimes sponsorship deals make too much sense not to happen.like ”
That must be nice! And now you guys travel? Where are you headed next?
#1dvdcaptioncomp #1dvdforme "it's a bird! it's a plane! nope it's another bra"
writing abt clifton's best kept secret! all i can say is- bbq pulled pork topped hotdogs, smore sundaes & strawberry soda shakes.
not at this time sorry!
You know what I hate? When black girls claim that they're mixed with something! I'm 110% black, wouldn't have it any other way.
and then exams :(
please will you please follow me#muchlove<3
ft the Hot Boyz #SHINE Lights out
Just one of those "coffee & a book" kinda Sundays.
that would have been too easy!
I know what it means I just, didn't know what to say :/ lol yolo
I put my main chicks before weak dicks anyday...
Let Waldo Cooney's Pizza, cater your Christmas eve or New Years party.
I'mma burn the motherfucker down!
About to drive into Verizon Center...game 4 report with comin up!!
how did you come up with your artist name
Shoot and suit presentation for earl of finch tonight! Can't wait!
lol, we have another sister and two brothers :p and yes!
#erl12 data model for GOkb must match reality and will be based on acquisition method as opposed to single bibliographic record
Lunch on this rainy day ...Sausage Risotto, Blackened Chicken, Baccala, Cream of Broccoli and of course brick oven za's!
laughed out loud, so true, and you do just smile! But keep all those thoughts to your self!
Depression & QLCs run hand in hand. Check out stratejoy.com & the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time! :)
Please RT: I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB! It's a chance to take a small, group-discussion based class!
I wonder how many sites I used two years ago, I cant remember now, much less my password.
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself" – George Bernard Shaw.
RT : Cant we all, just keep it real? Why is that so difficult
Yes, they are!! It's a good game! I hope they keep it up.
I wanna vote for Jon Stewart for President next election. Someone tell him to run please.
New video of damage...waves rushing onshore, from 8.8 quake in Japan...KOIN News
Tune into WJR 760 AM at 7 p.m. to hear Detroit Grand Prix Chairman Bud Denker on the Healthier Michigan Show!
RT : Back in January, we let you know about a campaign to encourage Mattel to produce a bald Barbie to support......
This week I passed on applying for a job that some thought I should try for. Just couldn't convince myself that it's a good fit.
it's been months since we've had a microwave in my house lol
good luck
It's a must watch...will make your day!
Evolve Discovery closed Q3, 2008 with over 6 Terabytes of
been good! haha for real i did. But im bak!
Me too...Happy New Year!
I am absolutely terrible at that game. can't get past the 2nd basement :(
So just informed me that I'm in this for the long haul. Cue 15 hour drinking session. Go!
I miss Tokyo. RT": I can call it a life now #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo #tokyo"
Roads and weather will get better very soon. Just snow showers from Cumberland to home
Couldn't agree more! RT : One of the best Oscar moments was when Jean Dujardin said, "I am not a star. I am a human being."
IM SCARED AND FREAKING OUT!!!!!!)"":
i cant wait. Also excited for more
Thanks for coming back!
None taken ^_^, but I know alot of Asians...including my little brother, I wouldn't call him shy, so Idk >.<
Can anyone throw a Google + invite my way????? PLEASE :-(
Closed LONG $AUDUSD for +10 pips profit; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72% SHORT
I'm drinking....
you want it on twitter or private?
A yes
Accepting all Snow Thrower tune-ups...quick turn around! 49.95- single stage, 59.95 two stage!
Hobos can't afford cable
Good news for #Israel #Palestine heads on Twitter: Traffic to via Twitter is paywall free. That's just smart. via
We are taking a short break from playing shows so we can record our first EP! More tweets about this soon.
RT Great quote: petershankman "Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain." - Mark Twain
Have u ever had a mouth sore so big that u may have 2 claim it as a dependent on ur taxes next yr?
I just snuggled into my blanket
that's great! Get some on video and post. Lol.
So who is going to Pulse and who is going to Revolution Tonight
I usually get stir crazy about my #naturalhair. I normally cut it once it hits my shoulders... But I promised I would let it grow this time.
How many makeup tutorials can I watch in one night?
": lol o well" that shit ain't funny I was mad af
Anyone disagree? RT : #florenceandthemachine blows chunks! They stunk it up on both #snl and
have you thought of doing a basketball wives season in the future?
"I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing."
Happy birthday to my homie/manager !!
RT Scary for each person to reveal themself to others >> hi Rob! So true. Your seem to have great marriage!
Is wondering how many wristbands I will have this weekend...I have started a collection...my new vegas accessory!
To his default threats? MT : Boehner: Markets are eventually going to start reacting.
I can probably find someone to record something for you. Just let me know. :)
#np Beast/B2st On Rainy Days
another account hahaha
Whatever thoughts u entertain in the hidden corridors of ur mind will eventually show up in ur words and actions. #goodorbad Prov. 23:7
Website Design @ $499 USD [html pages, attractive design, photo gallery, order form, text and images and search engine friendly meta tags]
I wish everyone a happy, safe New year!! May we start anew ;-)
Today's Lesson: The two best times to keep your mouth shut are when you’re swimming and when you’re angry.
Baby checked out great! What a relief :)
You create beauty with your attitude, your behavior and your actions.
God would want all of us to see the SUN beyond the storm..the SHORE amidst the deep waters and the SMILE after the tears! LUVU2
how is he being out coached when ur star is playing like a scrub? If wade played better, we win
Don't care what people say I'm going to grow out my facial hair.
Bummer. Always liked Cuddyer. Class act and plays the game right way
Yeah, I need to look at what the OTA Digital boxes offer. Plus, a Roku would work good for that.
“: Don't forget, Yankees wearing old school 1912 Highlanders replicas today; better know your Yanks - no numbers on the unis!”
Global Search Engine Marketing [Book Review]
I don't know if you're screwed. I would email to Amazon's customer service.
Please for all of your fans keep making videos!!!! All of your fans love you!! You're #1 on youtube!!!
thank you, all my followers, for talking to me and answering my questions. I really appreciate it (:
8-12 months rehab for Derrick Rose...just sucks 4 nba. No smart ass comment, just a fan.
lmao ! tell they ass you must be a self starter and the ability to multi task is a must !
our lips are sealed.
-- hi !! See you tomorrow babydoll
the refs better not rig this
thanks man, hoping to see you soon now that we're at least in the same coast of the same country :)
youre so needy.
Catching any live music while you're in town?
Sucks we only got like 3 autographs, we've got raw end by far & main is supposed to get him bc that's the "special guest" policy
all the girls make it better!
Waiting on this fool to play a damn word
No matter how wild it seems 2get, how hard to stay on top of everything, stay close to your gut. Move at your pace. And it will be all good.
Happy Earth Day! I'm spending time with the fam today. Something new on my IMDB if your interested. : )
EPIC NIGHT!
Damn!!! I was thinking the same :) RT : I need someone to rub it...please....
anyone here done a time-lapse with a nikon D3000? Could use some pointers :) #willbuybeer cc:
Went to Brick Lane Curry House and had the hottest curry in the world. I thought I was going to have a heart attack. Punishment. Not fun.
What is that feeling on my skin? Oh, wait! That's the sun!
What's a polite way to tell someone that their incessant chatting is making you want to set them on fire?
When #kids r #killing kids on the school yard; u know were living n tryin times!
I shit on love
And now my house is broken. Urban camping. woo.
David tutera on tv in a bar should not be legal
McCain chose to define himself w/ that twit. He owns that. Fitting legacy for the old fool. Showed his disdain for reality.
Clearly it's your year to win the Oscar pool.
Pissed I missed the #Replacements' tribute at #BoweryElectric with dudes like Jesse Malin & Craig Finn. a lesson to buy tix early
Congrats on winning the race And congrats to all at Hendrick on the 200th win.
anyone at texas game where fan fell out of stands
that wasa stupid ass video
Destiny begins at the place of gratitude!!
NHRA Northwest Nation Open today and tomorrow... Don't miss some of the best drag racing around. $10 admission for adults.
Watching 60 minutes whose doing a special on OHMYGOSH!!!
yeah I linked to it on Friday.
Me and my all friends don't buy bottles; we bring 'em. We take the drinks from the table when you get up and leave 'em.
What's goin' down tonight?
Jersey Shore tomorrow! <3
eek, you've almost caught up to me ;)
Absolutely! And a massive THANK YOU to for all they've done 4 us in the past year! Artists, you need to get involved with them.
RT : #lifeinstructions It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
What tastes like a Marguerita but has 75% fewer calories? The Skinny Marguerita (100 calories) at in !
People who wishes during 11:11pm. It really doesn't work unless your with someone you like and you tell them to make a wish.
Great practice last night to start the prep for the weekend. Can't wait to hit the ice on Friday.
Awww thanks Megan!
. given our line of work, it's hard to equate garbage to prosperity. But I can dig it!
Love our clients!
So this entire Ryan Braun controversy was about a hairpiece?
Selena Gomez is offically my favorite Disney girl. Spurs fan! :D
Fucking heated right now
I can see you getting dropped on your head in a boozy haze from here!
. My impression as Nook owner: only ebooks bought from B&N store lendable and all B&N ebooks have DRM. Am I mistaken?
Fans get arrested at concert for trespassing onto protected vegetation
I need a massage and my job smells like farts.
I hate the mail
Looool with what
Chef E shares recipe for hassle-free holiday ham
15 min early!! What do I do???
": iJus wanna move on....iNeed someone that iCan lean on"---ooh ooh pick me!! ( waves hands)
Spring makes us want to cut our hair! Use today's deal for 50% off a haircut for new clients @ Tanya's Nails, Hair, Etc. Call 414-258-4046!
How?!? wtf? What kind of computer do you have?
93 degrees in NY tomorrow. Dayum SAN!!
I wont!! Haha. And yeah ur right, I just started back yesterday actually and it's already hard!!
Thanks! Was hoping ppl would see that it couldn't have been me, but with the multitude of posts he was pretty convincing lol!
New appreciation for UMKC
our dog ate the spines off all our cookbooks because they were on the bottom shelf in the kitchen!
Im addicted to puting money in the bank. I used to like shoe boxes now I like when my Balance grows.
Rainy days make traveling a little more daunting. What do you do to stay dry when going out and about?
Don't take weight as a sign of success. How you feel is a much better sign.
thanks for tweeting. you can change your plan by calling us at 415-995-8588 or emailing .
Can't believe it's starting to snow outside! Come get out of the winter weather and take a 10 minute vacation B-)
Must be the haircut.
I know we tried so hard to get them to bring it back :(
I introduce to you the latest and possibly one of my favorite mixes and Soundtrack to my Saturday Night residency...HAVEN by Kristian Caro
he played for him last year
Good question. RT : Hmm. New iOS programs coming to Mac, but realized no iBooks. Wonder why?
In a Marc Evans House Collection listening mood. Playing ALL my house tunes (released & upcoming) while in domestic mode. Enjoying the gift
I told my step dad I was pregnant and he fliped out!!! April fools :) <3
I swear I want my closet to be full of red bottoms when I get my house!
": #OomfNeedsTo kiss me and tell me I'm cute already. Fuck."
explore explore explore!!find your placement even if it leaves you vacant
“: Dogs can help the blind and can smell out bomb threats...... But cats just poop in a box.”
#3WordsForYou respect the pouch
Love WiFi at LAX! Makes travel so much easier...
Is that In the Kmart commercial?
I remember thinkin this dude was spectacular when I went to the concert few years back..let's go
is listening to two hot guys get fucked in latex -eugene
Haha, George did well with his contracts. The Gershwin estate is still reeling it in.
What a weekend
Somewhere really needs to make a bacon cheeseburger burrito cause that would be awesome!
Thank goodness you got the ink lasered off; you look so much better without it.
We chose Tomcat 4 our Cloud App Platform, a great choice Despite rumors of java's demise its the right cloud architecture 4 enterprise apps
won't be at Cincy. See you at the Open!
I love him for his wonderful talent and his love for all his Mahomies. I'm proud of him and that he had grown well. I love you
Ted about to unleash his wisdom...PackNation waits
great. some bitch with her tits hanging out of her tanktop followed me.
Diva Soho is open for brunch and dinner today!
hey!! you ran out so fast!!
so kind! Thank you!
no word from the blazers yet...I have a few people I can ask!
Blah blah blah
I just want everything to work out
#ward5se Last night at the forum, the ministers asked all the candidates who took strip club money. My response was "NO, I'm a feminist."
you're so quirky
Hey Austin! How has your day been?
It's funny when you seriously feel you could work until the next morning and not be caught up
Told ya we made some changes :) Did you use the Nextbus tracking technology?
Sunday morning and Miles Davis' "Sketches Of Spain"... Perfect!
Well, besides almost getting killed on a dirt bike.
and when something goes wrong during sex?
Pilates Class Tues 4:30pm at Powerhouse in Wheeling WV --join us!
Finally saw The Help... such a great adaptation of the book I felt like I had already seen it. Way to go
i was praying you and me might end up together.
You got this (:
Okay, trying not to freak out, but REALLY, New York? Tornados and blizzards don't scare me. Earthquake? Fine. But now a hurricane? Come on!!
Is It Night or Day? by , interactive teaching app by , nonfiction, bullying, immigration, etc etc etc
I'm sorry you're jealous of my ability to download ios5 and the fact that I can tweet this without even opening the app. :) <3
Snowden Becker w/ thoughtful just-do-itness at
Well do some sit ups then!
There was a rumbly in my tummy that only hands could satisfy
Think I'm sick :(
Follow my new friend>
:-) Good on you Peter!
Lil Wayne informative speech in a few Mins. Frogs.
Excited about getting & fat with dinner tomorrow. I'll take a chef hat & a side of Elsie Darlynn.
Yay! :) RT : RT The is having its grand reopening celebration today
At the gun range because you know... just in case there is a zombie apocalypse
Sorry,I keep replying if you want me to stop talking just say so,okay? Lol :D
Crossing off another check on my bucket list! Dressing like tourists and going to Disney with the best friends (: lmao
Hey Ian! How the heck are ya? Happy New Year!
cause your monster :p lmao
Prayers go out to watching that even brought years to my eyes
no not anymore :(
ALCL... wanna make some money??? The hop on in and take a ride on the money train!!!
“: #HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain. He will not return.” > no
you already know that's not gonna Gonna happen lol ": Please keep your shirt on in Vegas, thanks LMAO!"
#whereveryouaretour dates at 6pm eastern tonight! Get pumped!
tuesday afternoon I'm done my last final. Wanna work on the mac with me so you can borrow it?
my rollinstoned mixtape go harder than your best singles
"It's the people who have no doubt that every word they put down is gold that probably don't write very well." #koontz #writing #can'tsleep
Made a point to eat lunch at a seedy bar so that I could watch my #Badgers in peace
can you explain this with a picture?
Awww leslie looks so pretty!
I just got back from talent show rehersal at Timber Creek High!
