I am doing the same thing as yesterday, but your no longer here. Fourteen Years
i would never do that
i respect that.
Thanks, didn't mean to suggest that's the case but I've seen it, sometimes in the context of being too obsessive about therapy
We wish it was up in Wisconsin so more people would see it that actually appreciate it like a Packer fan would.
Now it's time to....... SLEEEEEEEPPPP
just saw that on ! Fun!!! Speaking of fun... I want to play some softball ;)
#amen RT : Sometimes You'd expect more from others just because you're willing do to anything for them.
can't take credit. another person I know posted that on Facebook... Oy
Oh I told people from school that they could follow me if the can find me
TAN FOR FREE March 12th! ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day! MYSTIC TANS $10 each! 3 DAYS TO GO!!!
No, I probably should huh? Did you?
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back.
We're th..... RT : And Petrino swallowing a june bug RT : I picture dumb and dumber on the moped.
Have time for a quick radio interview this morning with a public radio station in LA? I emailed you as well, let me know. #thx!!
They give him that foul AND continuation?
celibate? Girl please...
I have no idea how...but I fixed that :)
thanks for the information! This is a great place for aspiring restaurant owners to start.
Everett was never an offensive stud but his 2003-6 numbers were decent given his glove. Lowrie is better...
If you need financial assistance, vehicle repair or a specific part, we are your one-stop spot! Call Melloy Dodge today at (888) 760-4136.
Wish I was in Reno. Have fun everyone.
aw thanks hunnie bunches :)
*finger on nose*
She was so sick that day-happy it turned out. You gals sound incredible! When are you coming back to CA?
did you get a 7th round answer? Wondering if it's tied to Nelson/Jones transaction?
yo my nigga im sleepin over matts this weekend... we need to link up nd get stoned
Dear dorothy, Ive been clicking since sept, now in oct, and im gone to nov. Sincerely, I wish I was home! Clickity click damnmit...
It's been too long. I need to visit D.C. Really soon.
#NYCEStadiumClub for birthday dinner. Life is good.
My instagram is and my tumblr is
RT : next time you're looking for a new gig, apply at
adorable! I dare you to explain the concept to mom.
more followers on intsagram than pinterest or google+ for per
We called it the UGL (or Ugly) back in my day. I'll have to swing by next time I'm on campus. Thanks!
Will do. Good luck here in the biz. Continued success!!!
If any band should reunite, it should be the Rock-A-Fire Explosion from Chuck-E-Cheese
One more day until the big XO announcement
Ok fellas, hold it down out there.
Grinding the mega sat. 21 players left, pays 7 main event seats $3125 each and 8th place pays cash about $2500
TIME TO CHANGE ME AVI!!!
“: Interesting that private sector panel at #bisnow event end up taking mostly about social media, and not mobility as such” agreed.
Omg god this guy is adorable but anyway go follow him for me ;)
text me!
Happy drinko de mayo!!!!!
and thats my reward? I still have bite marks by the way.
I'm more excited for The Unger Games where Felix Unger is given one lone dishrag then left to die in an arena full of dirty dishes
Omg I got a follow that said Austin Mahomies and thats all I saw and i thought it was you:( its not:'(
I will retire in TX, but for now I need somewhere with seasons and culture. Hipsters are not culture.
I just heard that the State's sweeping budget reform has been passed in Lansing.
no I will not
We all have our favorite musicians but at some point we are going to have to except their in love and not hate on their girlfriend <3
:) The suspense is killing me.
you and Keila need to meet my friend she just moved to ny
i realli wanna watch harry potter rite about now...........
LOL well, then! RT : Mark Sanchez says, "I'm not sick of the (Tebow) questions, but it's only May."
Conley is on FIRE son!!!
#sea If you could meet anyone from the Bible (other than Jesus) who would it be and what would you ask them?
What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you. ~Oprah Winfrey
What?! I hope you complained. Loudly!
well im gonna try to make it up to her tomorrow, i think i thought of a way..
I hate haters, fakes and subtweeters.
we BOTH know that is a bunch of HOOEY. does dave koch think you're doing the right thing? probably, he will get richer off us
yea I'm finna do it and yea go ahead
I'm being published! Yes. Not even old enough you drive either.
Social media has everyone so hyper-aware that no one enjoyed April Fools day. Too bad.
Thank, I guess you can call it that lol
I gone.
GREAT young actors to
I wish it were that cool. :-) I manage all of our social media w/ the exception of Flickr & Facebook.
Watching #westindiescricket while reconciling a key informant genealogy w/ church birth and death records. Now that's cultural exchange!
RT PROMOTERS / INVESTERS GOT $$$ I CAN HAVE JAY Z, KANYE WEST, CHRIS BROWN, RICK ROSS, AKON, T.I, WHO EVER! @ YOUR VENUE HIT
where was Lane in tonight's episode?
stay strong
There's a screaming baby at my house. -____- lol Hope everyone has a happy Saturday!
Loving the East Texas stars and the cool breeze.
don't forget to follow us!
wasnt yesterday...not sure if it is today..
I'll never tell.
Yah!! Thanks Maro more single videos to be posted on Itunes!! Anyday now- Also shooting another MSNBC video next week!!!
I'm with ya. Congrats on new job, BTW.
We are a teen webshow blogging about today's Detroit Trending Topics, Can we include your tweet please?
Paranormal enthusiasts from all over the U.S. are planning on attending MGC this Sept. Anyone coming from outside the country? Let us know.
I know! I walked in and was like hey, I'm sunni, your new hire!
Just saw avatar for the first time...Borderline Amazing
ok cool. We need a good run this week
Anyone know what that dub-soul song is in the #Microsoft IE commercial?
(EVERYBODY) PLEASE GO IN CHECK MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL @ (YungSmookDawg) I WOULD SO REALLY APPROPRIATED IF YOU GUYS DID THANK YOU!!!!!
u should b here!!
Tell me about it :)
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart. Wordsworth
stoked for adele's new album.
we doing something or staying here
Anyone else watching this Top Teacher segment on Live with Kelly?
christina!! she tryna leave.. and im like go head! idek if she still is..
im already following mate c;
Happy to have my bundles back.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for dining with us for the big day :)
Super 8 is the epitome of what movies should be!
Party time!
♥ ♥ ♥ ✬Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new.✬ Og Mandino
The best vision is insight ~ Malcolm Forbes
What bourbon did you wish Siri would get you?
link to your profile so I can check it out?
This took some research on NFL Draft History site but Chris Chandler was the QB traded for the second overall pick in 1992. Great Question!!
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
yes, so to speak. I really liked the direction suggested/implied by the would-be appropriated set of practices
#Makeup goes to...
RT Underneath their strong independent exterior, #Leo loves romance and being swept off their feet.
:) RT : did you see on in her red jumpsuit? I almost fainted!
No more Tia Mowry on "The Game" :(
Rather proud that my gmail password lasted 5 years before getting hacked.
Hey Jeff -- have you had a chance to play ?
My teacher put my foot in the correct pointed position tonight and I still have a foot cramp 2 hours later :O
See How to FAUX Hawk at Twistii.biz under Stylist Videos
World Peace is essential.
#SpursNation licking their chops...
So has anyone ever prayed naked?
Can't Mali just have their election and make my globalization project easy?
And how about that catch from the defender's tip. Not even 4g could cover Fitzgerald. Haha
Perfect wknd!Patricia Field,Billy Reid,Rogan shopping. Peels,Think coffee redux. Dim sum yum. Tomorrow:fashion show, charity benefit. Happy.
tip: Suppress your subscriber emails from ad campaigns on Pandora. Already subscribed & about to unsubscribe
you never told me you were waiting....contemplating
people who have astigmatism have a different base curve so the lens will slide on your eye sometimes even the diameter is off
Alarm sounds and I say "Are you tired right now, do you wanna stay home?" Then, I say oh yea, oh yea, umhmm, yea that's right.
They're as bad as sports talkers trying to do politics.
what was the bet?
: gracias! Hope your weekend is amazing too! :)
Hey! Lets get us to 400 likes tonight!!
im ust sayin it's bounce back season its grind hard season its fuck what you talking bout season so if u talking bout sharin dat money fwm
the best thing ownership has done this year
sorry I'm excited
I want to try eyebrow threading, sounds like perfection!
: when are you guys coming to cincinnati?
u got that wrong.... shoots the sexy and writes people
Filosofical question: is it ok to use "racism" in order to achieve power - IF that power is supported by Jesus?
MLS cup. Maybe third plays us open cup winner for that spot. I go back and forth on it.
Good luck coach. Take the Read & React to the finals!
when boys write you notes in school >> 😃
cleaning and packing nothing to fun :/
"Decades of research have consistently shown that brainstorming groups think of far fewer ideas than the same number of people who work alo…
hahahahaha do yu know what Hellen Kellers parents did when she was bad?
Decided to go on a walk around my block to see if i could find my bracelet i lost last night, the hispanics are everywhere!
How 'bout a lil misbehaving & "Disobedience on draft & 4 other brews w/ Deli "Sliders" 6-8pm Free
We'll admit to indulging in a little sensationalism here & there. A position can drive $ just as much as the other way around.
why am i still hungry?
Great! I bet it's a fun area. I would be inspired to be there.
Amazing things can happen once you change your way of thinking
Ah Twitter. The only time following someone's wife is not considered creepy. Or is it?
Good luck friend!
I wna new Twitter Name... but idk what to put
Oh, I wish! I'm hosting a party tonite for a friend's bday. Sorry to miss it but I know will take great care of you!
You're living a pretty good life then, champ.
who are these announcers? both challengers horrible
is the game at Baylor or PV???
Are you an "artist" jake??
unfortunately many schools do not offer afterschool enrichment as this would help provide students w/ access to create videos
RT : thank u!!! Those frozen cherries are the best! Cc
I've got a job, great friends, someone special in my life, now all I need is a direction for my future to go- any suggestions?
I have zero energy, & that's not cool .
Low Profile Black Tilt/Tilting Wall Mount Bracket for Sony Bravia KDL55HX800 / KDL-55HX800 LED HDTV TV/Television – Ultra Slim http://
If you were on a desert island with the discography of one record label which would you choose?
Sorry to hear that....we'll follow up with you.
Right on! Ill see you in Charlotte! RT : ... count me in...
I've decided today that I'm going to be the CHANGE that I want to see in this world...care to join me?
We're at my house, watching movies. You want to come? I think you might like my change of plans. You might actually want in ;)
yes, very much. And you're welcome for RT.
clear action directives: include at least two buttons on each screen. You have to ask users for what you want.
lmao just minimum experience and a penis! Haha
Stock photos are to print as B-Roll is to television.
It's crazy how music evokes memories.
thank you to all our new followers. We appreciate you so much! Share the word with your friends please.We will be downtown Nashville soon!!!
Just got a good ass laugh at that HBCU discussion.... Just lurked my ass off
Used to be my dog now I see that ur a bitch
On my MacBook doing design work for a social media website... I feel like a 24 year old hipster all over again,
What kind of problem are you seeing? Are you getting an error or is it just not working?
Sign up for Fatso's annual golf outing on September 18th. Stonecreek Golf Club. Proceeds to benefit Riley Gillam. 7:00am Shotgun start. Fun!
If #soccer hasn't changed in a hundred years why do we still walk around hoping to find something new? #Justsayin'
Just heard part of 'Call Me Maybe' for the first time...it's even worse than I thought it was going to be
: put in a plug for me ok!
Honestly,America: #GOP "Ricketts Case of Smear ADs VS. Pres Obama" is FAULT of #GOP SCOTUS Shills(Roberts,Alito,Thomas,et)w SCourt Cit Untd
won't be able to make it tonight, but will check out the transcript
I gotta actually get some rest tonight
For many, 'to see is to believe', but in reality, 'to believe is to see
For sure. Just let me know.
I could be, anything in particular
i wish haha but that would make my dad so unhappy
nice meeting you too! been off twitter for a bit so sorry for the late response. what's new?
yes i know! but in my life there is only |k|..
Nah, I'ma get one tomorrow lol.
Great band trip/vacation but I still can't wait to get home. Because, I'm a
Definitely! Join the movement. RT I wish high school basketball had a shot clock.
And her skin is all blotchy and looks like she tried to bleach it or...something... No comprendo.
About to eat dinner with my wife and my FAVORITE lil person my niece Lizzy!! She couldn't wait to come over this weekend!! #IMLOVED tweet
Found out I was half German recently. Not Polish at all, apparently. Now the jokes go from slapstick to dark.
put your cheeks in the beek!
Just saw you followed me! Thanks so much! It means a lot!
i really need to start writing down daily summaries about what i learn on the internet.
Thank you for the follow & Cheers!
that was stupid. Chloe would be happy for her! And Abby's just jealous that maddie didn't get picked am I right?
Checking out these new #Seahawks uniforms. ... Hhmmm.
dude are you for real? who does that?
awaiting a messy two weeks. . . life is too busy all the time.
I shouldn't have looked at the AK tax info for 2011! We made nearly the same amount of money taxing cigarettes as we did taxing mines.
does anyone else watch vampire diaries?!? one of my fav shows ever!! so much happened in one episode!!!
Hunting down extra mics and camera equip. Not fun.
Has it happened to you, that you go and buy something and then you forget what you bought that item for?
JayZ and the bike? This workout just got awesome.
Of course we will veto the bill!! This nation cannot afford to cut the deficit, cap our spending OR balance the budget! We MUST raise taxes!
Thank you. That's so awesome. I can't find the link to request a credit through my True Blue account; any tips?
are you sure i need them alott there the best ppl to talk to and ill follow you to and are you ready for
welcome to the club
I totally geek out when I'm suprised by a snake. (Especially a Montana rattler. or any rattler any where)
me and can just kick her ass if she wants to be a douche. ;)
I'm going to ny for the wkd
Boadwalk Empire with just a touch of extra violence tonight. Just a touch.
Best actor is Barry Pepper from the ReelzChannel for the Kennedys. That's interesting.
Dresden Dolls' Backstabber
I want a taser.
Have a great weekend!
The Weeknd go hard .
Rhea pointed out that im real cold hearted, idgaf about nothing/nobody.
RT : #Aquarians enjoy being with people, but is content to be alone. They like to travel, but love relaxing at home
My legs feel like noodles.
thank you for booking me as background in Oscar winner #theartist. We won!!
Leaders Never Follow....
DC: Graham winning in the ward one polls? What ever happened the the honorable TEDDY LOZA? What's up with that?
Omg omg omg ! Yay #CSINY isn't Going anywhere, It's staying so Happy. I was so terrified ! Ahh yay ! Woohoo ! I wanna #Yankees & #CSINY bday
Let's go Yanks!!.. Wait, what?
thanks for the tail swish! Happy Wednesday!
Dick Cheney may need heart transplant. Odd. He never used the one he has.
Time to take my grandma home she has talk my ear off enough for one day
I want to cuddle.
The cider sounds great, and very 18th century, too. Way to keep it old fashioned & delicious.
Just scored a new logo design project. Woo Hoo! Now I will have to run out and buy that $20 logo software from #BestBuy LOL
I hope so RT True, but the college presidents are every bit as greedy as the bowl CEOs. And the colleges control their destiny.
pretzels are good.
true. But there are some nuggets to be had as we have seen. Plus with #Bing and #yahoo! possibly combining it's worth a mention.
We will try! Lots to do! Luckily, it's a show free weekend. Hope you have a great one too.
hey! Things are super busy, but really great. I will have to try and be more vocal about it.
you say that now...
Man I swear Ive been working non stop for yall, I pushed back my newest mixtape so it can be redone new tracks will added so stay tuned in.
Did you or Lori get my eml? Not sure I have your # to call. Send Direct msg if you want.
About to wake up the 2nd grader for school. Teacher Appreciation Week here so busy, busy.
Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico is a full service mailing services firm. 505-899-3104
Surprisingly, I get to be a part of the casting for Frozen Ground all tomorrow... Wish me luck :) Nicholas Cage's movie :D
All this time i thought it was 7:00am and its freaking 10 minutes to 8 !!! Ugh -.-
u got to have heart
Thank you for the quality tutorial on Python and mapping!
Christmas Eve ( new album)
Have a wonderful day! Let Forever begin!
thank you baby! Most things regarding you are beyond words! :)))
When the actual Padres victories don't happen, look for the little victories to celebrate! Friar rally time!
I don't feel shitty, I feel asses and titties.
yes, you are right. we will be changing this. not a intended lie, just a new reality with so many submissions.
I swear to god I need a job!!! Needing money! D: gonna make a resume, then going job hunting!! Let's hope I dot get lazy.
Remember what I told you!
he's at I-205 at Columbia. OK so far... trains slowing
do you work?
Giving myself the day off today. Pretty stoked to just chill. Gotta get out of the house before I start mixing.
Drinking beers before work: bad idea. Shot-gunning beers before work: great idea.
Reviewing the new Tascam DR 100mkII portable recorder. Love it so far for #oralhistory. Stay tuned for a video review
our gluten free products contain no corn!
Right? Nah, I guess my body has had enough rest. I'll probably regret it later :/
#FF She's an absolute doll ... go check her out & follow! :)
Thank you! :D
Awesome! Losing my voice
Bitch: "I hate Justin Bieber!" Me: "Stupid bitch suck his dick!"
Upton's new nickname is Mr. Inconsistent
Life-affirmation. What a joke.
Interior/Exterior painting contractor serving San Diego County for over 25 years.Call a professional Mr.D's 619-562-5848 "We Love To Paint"
Mom:(christina) she's almost losing her boobies!
Everyone please follow she is funny!
haha woah. no wonder this earth is a mess..haha jk :P
me too! I would have to hold Zak's hand Heehee
thank you for the amazing presentation.
It was so great to see you last night at the EWP Gala! Miss you! xoxo
do u know a guy name austin mahone
I remember guys like from school, even if they don't.
Gonna go to the movies today to see extremely loud and incredibly close!
Whenever I get upset at what dark skinned people are doing to my country, I go tanning with John Boehner to relax.
I like pretending to be a plant in my P.E. class. It really helps.
i hope to creating a collaborative map for the Zambian Bloggers Network
Gonna bring back WYL in the fall just need some people to run it
Kings of Colorado = selected as an alternate for the Book of the Month Club!
Thanks a lot Elisa! You have an amazing portfolio!
Very excited Funny Person in Austin #2 Ruby Collins has signed to host Come See Grown Men Cry Competitive Eating at Bikinis Aug 9 at 3:00!
I'm your go-to guy ;) Let me know when!
I think a lot of Bron...er Tebow fans are jumping of the bandwagon
old people love some NCIS. My parents are all about it.
We must invest in science. Science is not a 4 letter word. - Cousteau
we just did a story on dan electro's guitar bar in the heights. unbelievable sound quality. just watched a show tonite! awesome!
thanks so much,look forward to it. Always fun,love the rounds! Plz let me kno as early as possible so I can schedule it. Thnx
Thanks for liking the tunes Angelica Perillo. We appreciate your support
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope. -Abraham Cowley
Epcot is perfect omg
:-( awww well hopefully soon!
Japanese cooking class, february 5
I love being talked about. I'm the center of every ones attention. I FEEL SO FAMOUS! :)
my blog is lighting up with that post. Amazing how anything with gay or sex draws people-unlike my spirituality meditations hehe
“: That is blasphemy David! And to smite you Tebow just scored ”
spaghetti is getting warmer
Undulating waves of gratitude to everyone involved in making the first-ever ABQ Zine Fest a reality!
Sorry Henry for some of the Idiot fans calling using vulgar language at u.
I hate training people man
Guess ima have ta hit the bar by maself tonight all ma brothas done left me smh
"I'm a G, your my swagga, if I were shetto, I'd be 5 times Betta."
new to twitter <3
MacDougal was always the can throw 100 mph but not do much else guy. Farnsworth-like. Feels like just yesterday he was highly touted...
Niggas is crazy
as effectively as they dictate it
Headed to a terrible crash...CHP confirms 2 teenagers dead, 3 people hospitalized, car caught fire, hazmat on scene. More 5-7.
O..k..so now because I wear glasses you're gonna start talking about that?
Where are you all headed to Dave? :) Love you by the way. :D <3
about which tweet?
It's so refreshing to see the candidares competing to be the most conservative.
#churchplanters The city He has called you to has people & families that need to hear the gospel! Never enough churches, ANYWHERE!
Pizza 4 breakfast
too late. That child has been dropped! Wow, that sounds horribly wrong...
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
i need one more follower before i get 200 please follow me
Thank you for shepherding us through yesterday; we really appreciated the tour!
Happy Saturday, you deserve a cold beer after that long week! Our doors just opened, head inside for Happy Hour! Drink Well, Drink OTR
if you want
Questions over pope's Cuban itinerary
Friday! Happy hour starts at 4! We've got a few changes and updates we're experimenting with over the weekend, so stay tuned next week.
hahaha, just ate a 3 pound burrito, bout to abuse the toilet, does that make sense?
For locals, but you never know who you might meet at a networking event who has a friend/relative in the area you're looking!
Some times I wonder why the hell I met you...
Madison fire assisting Cottage Grove with a hydrochloric acid leak at Highway N & Commerce Park.
Ugly couples that do PDA. Thats a No No...
I'm wearing a sweat shirt and sweggings:) lololol
S/o to my people Now go Follow
best conference experience was watching an audience begin their own q&a session on twitter b/c noone liked the moderator.
Tomorrow begins Twitter asceticism until April.
This is sad, but am hopeful something else will pop up.
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Congrats on his Pulitzer win for film criticism.
"I'll let the static put me to sleep."
Just live your life!!!
They're all original songs created by folks just for the wake up song on STS-134.
RT : My 2 thoughts after watching #Thor: 1. Wow! Great movie! 2. Wow! He's hot! <<<< you can say that again #junglefever lol
Yea, i'll tell her to try an see you.
Heard about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way. We cannoli do so much, his legacy will become a pizza history. Here today, gone tomato
Japan and Boston / Both places are similar / Rain rain go away
"An #incarceration program is not an employment program. If people need jobs, let’s get people jobs." -Gov. Cuomo
The Cowboys are awful, and will stay that way as the Jones family are running things!
Happy Friday Jake! Hope you have a good weekend!
“ #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.”
Well HELLO!!!
Guy that just sang 'ironic' on The Voice looks like Bradley Cooper's twin with a lack of sleep, or drugs, or something.
Well it's about to kill me! I'm so ready to just knock these songs out. Besides that- all is well! How's Cali doing?
Aww man U didnt follow my friend :(
no problem!
#askObama Foreign aid is less than 2% of budget.
A3: I think enhanced books and apps will revolutionize textbooks soon.
Going to be a great night we have the hosting DePaul. Game starts in 30 mins.
Why comment on my post to someone else's wall if you don't even know what we're talking about? Get off facebook and stop stalking me, lady.
life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. - Marilyn Monroe
full service solution for your business. Integrate your social media with our POS and take advantage of our inhouse marketing consultant
haha I will probably need it...
Thanks for the share and kudos!
glad it went chief!
How many times are you going to repeat your self?
Spring sports registration opened 2day - Flag, sand, indoor, soccer, softball y mo! Indy, group or team signup available.
The greatest LB that ever wore a Charger uniform. Junior Seau was a class act on & off the field. RIP
I think...I am ready for some football!!!
With the 28th pick in the Draft the Greenbay Packers select?
Congratulations Antonino on your selection
I just know ur pops Ocky and echo and her 5 kids
It could be worse. I can't think of an example at the moment... but it could be worse.
#filmquotes: "For me, the cinema is not a slice of life, but a piece of cake" - Alfred Hitchcock
Thanks to the fantastic #SouthAfricanTourism team for a great #INDABA2012. See you next time.
My Name Is Mahataa teaches us to reach out to our spiritual elders who hold the key to higher consciousness and who can show us the way.
we aren't old !!
Is it just me or the auto-expanding content, once bottom of page is reached and links in the footer don't go well together?
Monona Grove goes down. HC Eric Nelson must be bumming, but not to worry, no seniors on the team.
I think lots of folks think pets are over vaccinated. Kinda scary.
Thanks 4 insight. I was thinking I need to trademark my "name" as a brand.
Saxon: W/new comm paradigms, drs are partnering w/patients. Civil rights issue for patients to have access/interaction w/their health data.
Great turnout for hoops! Go pack!
It occurred to me that bills to "protect the kids online" is backwards. The legislators actually need protection from the tech-savvy youth.
Going to NYC for the wknd.
FOLLOW BACK THIS
Get #BlackBooks on DVD and watch all of it. HILARIOUS.
Have a great and safe Halloween! ♥
I need to call a #timeout and sleep an extra 4 hours mainly to improve my health well being and general level of happiness.
lt pgt Good of the strength of elastic advantage is reduced breakdown Open ring design the advantage of elastic alliance is :-)
To Austin's concert my dad does not think I can get a ride
Jesus says2us,It wasn't easy,(His death on the cross)but it was worth it.Why wouldn't u want2accept His love today?Accept Him.Its worth it
BURLESQUE 10 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TUESDAY APRIL 24, 2012 PURE Nightclub
Everyone at The Group Travel Leader wishes you a fun weekend! Anyone have any travel plans this weekend?
Dude if this happens again, ill go ape shit
Just have a 2 minutes Fam chatting with T.I., his wife Tiny and 3 others at Ocean Prime, Atlanta - Buckhead...
great thanks for asking. How are you?
I want tht
Aww thank you ma'am! How are you doing? :D
naw u did it on FB?
this is the usa, characters welcome!
Just a few appointments left! Call today to take advantage of our $50 specials! $50 specials available all month! *617-227-5499*
HE JUST REPLIED TO YOU! :D
that's when I buy more hangers
I wonder what (if anything) OUP is actually paying to "hire" these scholars.
you are my sunshine 😊☀
No, i will be at Paul's Boutique sipping on Brass Monkey with Shadrack Messhak and Abendago getting my Root Down
actually don't mind doing trig homework even though its not due until 9th period tomorrow....
computer lab with laptops like a boss hehehe this lap tops need cameras XD hehe with alex (:
Wish I knew...I can see the pic post tho...good luck ! ;-)
How is everyone doing tonight?
Tonight at dobbs ... THE PINHEADS .. A RAMONES TRIBUTE!!!
finally i got a backround for my profile page. please go to my page look at it and tell people to follow me please
thank you sp-sister!
Stronger Toyota helps boost US auto sales in April - The Associated Press
A "persn" said, "fasting 24 hours is experiencng what #hungrykids go thru everyday".Really? Is hierarchy removed this far from reality? Wow!
phone customer wanted to know what year Nebraska and Iowa were admitted to the union.
don't you always watch a movie in history?
maybe you will....
The mind is like a book, nothing can unfold if it remains closed.
the big banks should donate unoccupied homes to returning veterans. great PR campaign (#occupythis); get fed tax break, etc :)
almost time for practice, gettin ready
Hard crack cookin on the stove while ma cooks grits and pops chops the firewood.
Agreed. At least I had a racist tell me he almost saw a glimpse of reason in my comments -- what a compliment!
WHY VAT
All Money aint Good Money
my pleasure!
I was just on looking for the retweet button
I see my #whitesox held on for the victory #crosstownclassic! Woo Hoo!
S/O to the new follower 😊
you're welcome. :)
Of course! Thanks for watchng!
Im awesome!! =D
I'm obsessed with this song thx for playing
Nice day today. Now I'm headed to the farmers market trying to get something to eat!
I'm in a good mood.... I'm dancing LMFAO .
So who else is tired of people saying they'll #followback and then dont? I know I am.
Hmm. If I coach teachers again, I'll have to include voice. Interesting to note.
Send us pictures of your Halloween Costumes! We will post them! Send them to
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. -Albert Einstein
Riding the train in chicago With helena(:
I know! Pesky 60-vote thing! Why can't they be like the House and pass any old thing, whether they've read it or not?
Let's drink! has 1/2 off wine bottles all night every Thursday in #Denver!
it's a great sport once you learn the game, it's the most popular sport on the planet
sure will vote for u I tried earlier but having difficulties connecting to ur link thanx for the reminder Good luck.
. Thanks for the follow! Pls check us out on F. As well..
#TwitterCrush on most of my followers. Even some of the ladies.
“As I have said, you have no reason to trust me, and an excellent reason not to.”
feel free to give me a call or email if you'd like to know what kind of guy he was.
In order to read without electricity during earth hour, I'm keeping this tire fire going all day
scholarships added daily. We can also pair you with the scholarships you are most likely to win.
Damn u chikfila in the mall. now wraps : (
Who's attending the address from 's Ron Clark?
Amanda's mom is now following you lol “: Oh great my brother is following me, what's next my mom? lol”
THANK YOU SIR!!!
Good to know that I'm not the only dependent on the email to Evernote functionality. :-)
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Mondays suck!
I didn't miss it? Phew! Oh and BTW I LOVE MJ <3 :]
i would rather have jesus than silver and gold
Ooh your real cool because you can dress like a slut when it 45 degrees out side! #smooth some people smh
Good example RT : T2: maybe pointing out how multiple trips to have blood drawn can be reduced would convince older pts?
Never heard people so socially awkward.
When do the stickers come out? or stickers? I need to fill my computer up
Planning a surprise for is like mi3 without Tom.
Quebec Wal-Mart workers leave union - CBC.ca
I've hated Frankenstein the Quarterback for years, never understood the attraction (esp. out of the pocket).
says nonsense just to get a rise out of ppl. There is no way he can be that ignorant and clueless.
I fucks wit it
If you have used our catering, We would love to hear your feedback on Thanks so much,
With social media, the line between customer and company may no longer exist.
Me too:) and do u know why he's moving to Miami?!?:) RT : I really hope Austin's announcement is that he got signed.
Cool to see you chasing your dream, Annie -- and it looks like it's working out for you too! Yea, MiamiU.
i cant add u :(
When people ask if me and Josh are still together I get pissed and go in on why we're not together.
More dates 5/22 in Eugene at and 5/23 in Ashland at , both with musical guest Professor Gall!
how precious.
FREE MUSIC - ADELE LOVERS - evanescence LOVERS - DRESDON DOLLS + MORE! "LIKE" PAGE PLZ! on.fb.me/qlwZTB
I am so blessed with amazing, supportive friends! Thanks to everyone who has told me they're coming to my show tonight! <3
Oh hello 5:15am how are you?
Our writers feature and follow them for analysis and opinions on the world of sports.
That's like a nigga sayin he from Compton but u never hear him say #HubCity #CityOfHub #CPT or SUSPECT
Pepsi MAX Inks Deal With Basketball Star Kyrie Irving - Sacramento Bee
is your dad comgjng to get j this weekend?
Definitely filled my truck up for $40 with that $2.98 gas today.
Hate school
Time for some recovery food
who can stop mayweather
Girls who think they look cute in their photos and actually people think 'what the fuck are you doing?'
side note: wondering how long it'll be before some rock band names themselves 'The Black People' or 'Black Folks'
you know whoo(:
thats for true, but hey the maintenance man might end up being a hottie! Or better yet, might be able to teach you karate!
": The over 30 team? They gather the awesome sauce." And o40's get the salads and cranberry juice
I have spent plenty of money at Pepsi Center to demand that my team wins this game for me, dammit. No excuses.
YO TWEETS! FOLLOW MY PEEPS , & ! LET US CONTINUE 2 SUPPORT 1 ANOTHER! :-)
I have a headache 😁
Lets go America
Oribe Peralta (Mexico) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Nope. "... and the bear ate them. -30-" RT : Endings are so hard to write!
#AnnoyanceOfTheWeek Dads who take multiple kids to men's barber shops. Throws off the rotation. Take your kids to Kids Cuts!
my biggest wish is for you to follow me,i would be so happy, i would cry:)
I heartily recommend the special birthday beer. Tried it at Swagger last night... delish.
because there's a popcorn machine right behind you idiot
I hope the French can handle my love for #USA!!
This time, I should of done it my way..
got a twitter...not exactly sure what i'm doing
needs to tweet something!!!
Yeah You Know :) .
#FF or else i will eat all of your food!!!
yinz are the best! love.
Shipping out final orders of the week before this weekend.
In the Battleship trailer, a skyscraper breaks in half.
Mad shout out to because i love that sexy
we'll be expanding the install profile capabilities a lot in the future. This is just the beginning. :)
i don't mean to stalk u i just think u pretty, i love pretty light skin girls.
sounds good man.
THIS MEANS WAR.
thanks sweetie <3 xo
Love TheVoice Super Heroes!
Happy Easter to everyone
#bigshoutout to ur a great new friend. :)
SO I HAVE CLEARLY MAXED MY BATTERY OUT...IM DOwn TO 8% so i shall return my twitter friends
Huntsman - out, 3 crazies to go.
And it's such a good movie, too. Need to seek out her debut.
WE WISH.
dude i aced my test A
Oh you want a water? *puts two ice cubes in a rocks glass and fills with water .. enjoy..
How many Japanese planes were shot down during the attack on #PearlHarbor?
The Wanted Emcees would love to perform their new song "Wanted the Illist" on The Late Show w/ David Letterman!!
Amazing dinner w/ the fam'
Obviously in Ireland, making babies! A surprise visit would have been nice, eh?
If someone out there wants to start a dessert delivery service, I am happy to be your first customer.
My fav period costume book, simply for its dry, witty British prose and great turns of phrase is Lucy Barton
Regence BlueCross BlueShield to drop its Portland-area provider network for individual members, giving them fewer choices or more costs h...
Sometimes calling upon the name of Jesus is all that you can - and should do.....
Was it just for Beth's mic or also Kyle's?
the hat featured on our main twitter pic will be available by wednesday of this week
kick off your stilletos, kick off your stilletos and fuck me in the back seat.
I knew I forgot something! I'll grab some tomorrow!
Experiment in full effect... No more text messages
Company rain- sunny all day work and start raining when you get home.
New profile image on the Twitters. Done painting (with a hole in my arm) for the night.
Great coverage in the Wall St Journal ! Dunavant Wealth Group's newsletter is very impressive... love the recipes & sudoku puzzles!
Nevermind! Packers take Nick Perry DE From USC.
oh cool
SF Fire CU. My credit card has a sloth on it, I rest my case.
Chuck Milligan of : we have no preconceived notions. We encourage all to enter into this with open minds.
I wonder how many guys pretend to be gay so they hang around Hott girls all day?
just give me that chance man. I'm in
well come over saturday morning
!!!! Everton tearing 'em up at Old Trafford. Golly.
give K my love! Drive home safe
How much assistance can you provide a person in need? Is this help effective?
don't know what I'm gonna do on 420 I'm in dc so this should be interesting
:((( are you going to go?
Your love is my drug <3
going great. What kind of projects have you been working on?
Lunch is at 12:15p with three minute lightning talks
Listening to Billy Joel...
I have a lot of work to do
Cool...thanks :) Currently open Friday-Sunday from 5pm-230am beside the Bricktown parking garage.
Or is everything I'm doing To Late....
Watchn television show 1000 ways to die
Another night shoot...who needs sleep?? I do damn it! LOL
Darn autocorrect, I meant to send "Be there in 5," it changed it to "I'm coming to kill you."
Transforming the corner store -- healthy food and safe neighborhoods. Possible. #Food Deserts
of course and I feel for it. I just never think it comes across the way you want it too
....good thing i wasn't pulled over cause that would've been the lamest excuse ever.
So, #oddneighbor finally had a window open today. Guess you have air a place out at some point.
#jhumda I'm so impressed with everyone's final projects!! It's been a great semester, everyone!!!
Lmfao..I don't like when people at REALLY GHETTO around me I get erk. Lmfao.
Is anyone running a book club via Pinterest?
#nowblastingwithPaige Rap Song - T-Pain
the entire episode of Hank being born in the ladies room of Yankee Stadium was brilliant
HOLY CRAP NO WIKIPEDIA!?! What was the #1 song the year of my birth? ....crickets....
I can't wait to have an office lol
Thanks for the RT! Cheers!
Yep, small world. I do know Dan.
Followed by the NBA, the worst professional sport!
So - less than 45 days to go until CES - things are really heating-up. That's why I'm up at 12:30am with my team in the UK & China.
anytime! Feel free to shoot any more Q's our way, looking fwd to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
I live with NCIS and walker texas ranger reruns-24 hr NCIS marathon on now-
that place is badass! I've only had the pizza
Looking through all my old pictures and almost crying. This is gonna be harder than I thought. :(
perfect! He should win cuz well it's obvious.
Transformational Change is happening in AZ... <---Follow all please.
Got a pocket full o cash,,,what to do.
#Diabetes Diabetes Wound and Foot Care With diabetes, a simple cut or scrape can turn into a serious infection. Here’s what you need to kno
I didn't realize you were here! But now I see you, two rows ahead of me.
Did you answer the Trivia Tuesday question on our Facebook page? You can't win the prize if you don't play.
My life's a dramatic movie bruh.
That gym session 👍
but it hurts worse than a slave beating
Yes! Thank you! RT Thankful to the universe for arranging the accidental lunch with , , and
yep... I hadn't had one of those in quite some time. it was good.
My brothers made the 2012 KMC little league junior all-star team. :) they're all such studs. I'm so proud of them. :)
Welcome to the twittersphere!
I'm just here to help, ma'am.
New! There are now separate shelves for men's shirts and T's! They're not the same... so they shouldn't be on the same shelf!
Splurge girl!! Lobster Club Sandwich!
How many brands are pulling the pre-emptive trigger today on their #Facebook #Timeline?
just one more reason to make him my hero
Lol, same here. Except my barbarian is named AngryAxeMan
You know who the Florida-UNF game needs, Josh Hamilton.
u stupid
nice work. looks like both you and Ted Thompson/#Packers had a successful weekend
Colorado smells like a campfire, reminds me of my senior campout.
Its nice to have a friend that will support all of your life ambitions & decisions even when you have some horrible ideas. Haha.
My brother just told me i look ratched and told my mom she aint bout that life He just turned ten
it does have a nice ring to it. “: Mrs. Kelly Kipnis sounds so nice #tribetweet”
If I vote for then that means I cant vote for you
Jus earned my credit back for algebra! Next time im turnin my shit in.
yeah, but I'm going to gauge room size before I go shopping. There's a Michaels by central park west
individual academic departments?
It was good 2 see my old coach Coach Lee :-) I missed haa Bt I'm mad she just flipped me outta my chair SMFH Lmfaoo Ms. Hicks say it's love.
It's quite ok now, My unicorn thinks I m amazing.
Brittaney Spears fans are all mad and sensitive because john legend made a comment about her singing..attacking him on twitter
Fayetteville has a lot more cultural depth than I expected. :P
Thank you for always giving me such encouraging words!
John Belluomini and it was two weeks ago we tried to call you but it just went to voice mail everytime...
thanks for the follow!!!
SWEET! just fine-tuned the combo! EXCITED for class! 430p MILL haha sorry for soo many tweets i just want peeps there.
Changing my name to Mush. Prepaid for gas at Enterprise at $3.61 and now gas has somehow dropped almost $0.20 in the last week.
Congrats to for beating Cena tonight !
I have that effect on people 😏
Do you know what kind of auto insurance discounts you can get??? CALL ME AT 303-922-1001 ASK FOR DESI
May I motion to party? Do I hear a second? Anyone? Bueller?
RECESS!! Such a treat for Positive Tomorrows students on this beautiful day!
I hate New York giants,ya city yal city cool thou
You're gonna miss me baby hate to say I told u so
Massage can help relieve symptoms of depression, reduce anxiety, promote sleep and reduce pain
At and I saw the Buckminster Fuller exhibit and am a bit disappointed in the lack of info about the geodesic dome at Lake Merritt.
RT if you wish Austin was staying in San Antonio</3
Our Afternoon supplementary classes include American history through film, writing/speaking workshops and a class taught by Ms. Fulbright.
is it weird that I think I SMELL WINE wafting in through the window???
what about hairless UK wildcats?
awesome, thanks!
thanks for the follow,
I don't always slow cook braised brisket while working from home, but when I do I eat all the snacks like a shark with blood in the water.
Sick in bed, watching winnie the pooh. Fml, it's a beautiful day...
yes :\ very ugh lol
follow her, she is my rbbito<3
Can you RT. I have a ticket to the ASOB show in NY. It needs a good home. I can't go. I'm in a wedding. I live in Philly.
Aw okay, then I will just have to wait 'till we're together again so you can make me lovely food. :D
Happy Monday! What's getting you through this week?
Oi! I 2nd that! “: Folks, if you RT something I tweeted, please feel welcome to fix my typos. Save me from myself, I beg of you.”
suggested follow
once upon a time there was a 👽 and it 💩 on the 🚽. the end<3
Thanks for everything bro!
Guess that song!
Miami crowd shouting "MVP", "MVP", as Norris Cole seals the game. I truly hate the Heat but ya gotta love Cole.
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get 2 other pieces
Something special just for our fans: Come in today and get 50% off anything in our case. Remember to mention twitter. :)
Welcome - East Middle School, Plymouth, MI - on School Library Exchange
yeah I will
Was it any good?
hehe. I'm realizing how violent the shows I watch are. Except Gossip Girl.
(disruptive = changing our lives materially and significantly)
Ask members do they plan to be members for life? Thats the goal.
Icing call against the sharks.
Looking at yourself in the mirror is only a reflection. To really see yourself you must look deep within!
How did I miss this? I've got this huge bag with balloons and foofi tissue paper sitting on my desk...
We wish all of the students at a happy last day of classes! Finals begin on Monday; good luck!
Congrats to Jamie Moyer in making the Rockies roster at 49. Good luck on the season. 33 wins from 300.
whats up how u been
that's what the buy is at the office. It's that or nothing. I was able to get them to order a sixer of IPA weekly now.
I return to you you bright and early tomorrow morning! I've missed you!
thx yo, I appreciate it. More coming, a whole free EP, on May 26
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Robert Miles - Dreamland
Thanks for following us on this bright fantastic Monday! Enjoy the rest of our evening.
Oh, my God. He is adorable.
Speaking of smiles: YOU'RE SMILE IS BEAUTIFUL<3
Glad you're liking the new Springpad! :)
RT : Tuned in to the Dove Awards patiently awaiting the performance of .... Love them.
Haven't been on twitter for about a week
Hold me, distract me, dress me up in bubbles baby. Save me from the troubles of my own skin.
After effects is my new best friend...got a project to turn in...next week positive thoughts I got this..
nope, I know what I think. I don't like it. I live across the street from a homeless shelter and this is a poor idea to be charitable
": Que mal me cai que todo los fucking NBA teams esto lo han cojido with wearing white in the playoffs. That's Miami shit #VPLP!
I am LOVING this season of #thevoice!
That's cus I Had to Save it as a Draft I had to go see what your twitter name was ..
#simonandgarfunkel Haven't heard a song I don't love
it was very good. For what it was :) Good to see you last night :)
I just need an escape from all of this. The setting's fine, but the people are shit.
Get an iPhone : My Phone sucks. So does Bobby Brown.
So which one of you is the mom, and who is the dad?
My promise to watch DVR'd shows with my wife tonight is in serious jeopardy.
Thanks so much!
They should grab the URL dumb.com while they're at it. RT : News: Nintendo files for a trademark for "It's On Like Donkey Kong".
2 years ago I used Great Country Farms. Wouldn't recommend them.
I got Doctor Who Season three in the mail today. Now, I can watch Blink as many times as I want.
In the past parties have not done this because they feared voter backlash. But Media has treated obstruction as normal politics
last I saw 3 radio stations have dropped Rush. Anymore today?
just saw a baptist church can. Should I chase after it for you?
I'll look for them when I get home from school. I have a bunch all over the place. But I can take the studs?
I want some MORE empanadas tell robby not to get locked out anymore!!! :p
I want you & you want me.. lets make this happen c;
Bouta Order Some Dominos, & Watch These Fights
She's the bomb .com
I think the prime reason for existence, for living in this world, is discovery.
you calling me fat?
[Interview] Why Song Seung Hun Started Communicating through Social Networks (1): "The time slip subject and the setting that a docto...
In the early 19th century “Cotton-Factors” provided much needed cash for businesses needing capital.
now takes #mobile deposits. I'm very excited!
A tent isn't secluded? Anyday you can get a massage outside with the waves lapping onto the beach is a good day in our book ;)
I don't like Mitt Romney, but don't involve his Mexican roots in this campaign. Please. ¬¬ irrelevant, insulting
I just saw that I am a '#Pioneer' on #CouchSurfing; please remember this when I request to surf furniture in a town near you.
"Kind words are never wasted. Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places."
phone died sorry babe😘
Welcome to the Bigs!
This may be the beginning of the end of my current employment. I hate looking for jobs. Hopefully, I can transfer within store/corp.
how I was suppose to kno lol
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
also as a result I think I have lost my long distance vision...
I am thinking about getting a 1985 Mosler Consulier GTP for a new car!
I swear I'm up to no good but love it
off to ride bella
Really enjoyed the show last night!! 29 years and u all still grooving like 1983. Tampa love #NE. Be blessed!!
finish your paper and we will have pizza on Tuesday to celebrate.
you get enough of my money from your incessant hardware upgrades. I will buy ebooks elsewhere until you change your greedy ways!
if I'm even here :/ but I can't do that
how's your audition book? a blog is a-coming today...
Dear models in facewash commercials, I honestly don't know anyone who can splash water on their face, smiling, with their eyes open.
that would be pretty cool! we need a high profile coach for free agents and media attention
morning sugar, hope you're doing well.
Yes! Just try to keep your head up. New opportunities will open up and you will find the right friends.
Eating brunch at The Midnight Dinner
"Clayton, being 133 years old, had witnessed everything from the suffrage movement to Women’s Lib to the proliferation of tramp stamps."
Way to go! Congrats on the mention in the Statesman. We love Hyde Park Bar and Grill!
as soon as I get to work I will :)
I know I am meant to go crazy. I guess it's just a matter of time now.
The rest is up to you. I'll meet you halfway.
Chicago Symphony Orchestra to tour Mexico, Asia - BusinessWeek
#Hydrocodone, why do you make me so sleepy and melo? Oh its because you're a narcotic! Gotchya!
Going to school an extra day to tell Noah bye(: yea, I'm stupid
first tweet and its about his ass? boo
OK did you come from a North Bronx slum and graduate Harvard with an Economics degree and then get a JD?
Prime, Coach Bobby here. I got word from Peter B that i may be coming to Texas to work with your Youth league soon.
Agreed. Troubled by hypocrisy of liberals who would cheer loudly if this were the Bush State Department.
I wanna grab your ass while i kiss you
My mom keeps telling me not to go to prom and that it's totally wack..she went to her prom in 70s...... lol
Not sure why I did this, but stayed up until 2:30a writing and then got up at 5:30a. I see much #coffee in my future.
Not to mention, I'm living next door to fucking #Mozart...stroking the damn keys around the clock
Easier than watching them in NYC.
I vow to only read the money&sports section of the news.. people are fucked up more and more everyday
you wanna fight about it?
Thank you all for helping us crowd source ideas about live chats. We are going to make these ideas reality
Michael Kors for Mother's Day #LoveIT#
That was a BUTThead move!
John Isner Pulls Out of Monte Carlo Master to Train More in Florida John Isner has been playing some great tennis of late, but he just an
There aren't enough Fridays in the week. Don't let this one go to waste - cebrate with a delicious Stout from our Spring Variety Pack.
Interesting line. Mortensen looks good.
“: If you had 1 billon dollars and spent $1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.” That would be amazing !!!!
squishy!!!! #jellyfish I'll be a caterpillar. ;-)
That's the answer...
I wanna hit da hot tub & relax
It was a great Christmas until I opened my big mouth!!!!!!!!!!!
"The salesperson we worked with was very patient and straight forward. He made sure we understood everything. He was not pushy at all. We...
I've just spent two hours watching these pretenders. Time that I won't be able to get back. No more.
Amy about to get it in!
Traveling to DC next week to meet with a museum interested in virtualizing exhibitions
I'm self-centered. I always brag about myself and put myself first for anything I do
She can't see what's wrong with this...
Everything bro.. Better call that 1-800-Gambler Jack Hahaa
they're relentless.
Where did you #dance #overthesummer?
Cold weather is back, please consider donating blankets, socks. 3 NW Third Ave in PDX
Have a GREAT one!!
You don't want to know what dramatic reenactments look like on "Taiwan's Most Wanted."
Being annoyed&was about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on fire&sent them to Hell. >:D
im in a computer lab by myself and this one computer keeps making a sound #HELP!
can we do 3 cos i might go on tweetlimit :(
Welp, nice to see the Giants haven't changed much since the end of last season.
Just switched my trending topics from Washington to New York. There's something unsettling about the change.
Oh Yeah, the QUOTE - "It's too bad the people who really know how to run evrerything are busy cutting hair or driving taxis." George Burns.
O. Brisky is the bomb! I could spend months there.
“: We have a deep, inner craving in us that He (God) alone can fill. - James P. Gills”
and a few Arsenal season tix too.....
"Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence."
Is Marshall out as Reds' closer?
Im Excited 2 Watch Dis #Lakers Vs #Thunder Series I Think Its Gon Be A Great Series - I Got Lakers In 7
Another weekend of prom in Eugene. Fantastic. Wish were here.
she being so fucking petty i swear
Oh, I see. Mine is mostly numbers, I hate numbers.
G.morning tweeter
i miss our lunch times when we would call raymond,lmao :D
Experimented with baking this afternoon/evening/night/late night/early morning. Conclusion? MUCH longer process than expected.
The studio is a rockin!
NCAA messes me up. Rankings are jacked, then every team seems to get a bowl game??
Shout out to & for their very public #protest of #SOPA and #PIPA spread the fire! is on the fence, lets push!
it was so cute, girlfriend!
what kind of a person does that?
great looking forward to it!
Thanks! Really glad you liked it :)
Want to go to Dave and busters
What up tweeters?
hey i think ur there i just wanna say i might not be a part of u like which is great by the way but i am a fan
THE WINNER IS: wins the BIG PRIZE pack from ! Big congrats!
Diversity discounts now at Palm Springs Travelodge, Rio Azul Mexican Bar and Grill, Johnny Costa's Ristorante, AND Ontario Mills Mall!!!!
Time get ready for the party.
is that the Christian found footage horror flick? I think I read about it somewhere.
Really hope the #Brewers play Taylor Green everyday.
Welcome to Bluths bananas where bananas our business may I interest you in a banana dis day? - T-Bone
It feels like my body is refusing to wake up. Ugh. I don't want to wake up today.
Why is it that the night's I can never sleep always come before a 6am morning =(
followed them!!!!
#WaysToMakeMeHappy keeping your word.
Rushing is fear-based. Pause. Deep breath. Center yourself in trust.
NHRA stars to appear at SPEEDFEST - Topeka Capital Journal
You're welcome! We look forward to learning more about you!
Gifts that keep on giving - we got a surprise $2,500 for placing 8th in "Most Donors" on Give to the Max Day. You did this! Thank you!
I don't know what to do.. I don't even know if you're worth it.
trust me, this won't be a short series. The rangers NEVER make anything easy. Ever. Lol
Battle over jobs today. Gov. Walker says new data shows 50k more jobs added last year. Barrett says he's cooking the books.
You say your flaws but i dont see that
another one eh ? getting monotonous huh ?
I only gave out one high-five on my lunch run through campus today, but it was a good one.
good one 19 on 'nittny lyin'. Now get on the field and get that skirt chest ready to scoop grounders.
Eating pizza and watching lifetime (: Life couldn't get no better than this <3
A nigga cant even have a fuckin crumb off my plate
You're in Madison? Why didn't you let me hide in your suitcase? ;-)
Are you going to get married in Alaska? Or someplace else? (I think you're originally from the Midwest...am I right?)
Think it's obvious Zuckerberg got some much needed media training in time for his 60 Minutes interview. $ well spent for biz owners!
Politics aside, isn't it nice that jobs are coming back? Way to go, employers!
God...I wish you could just take this thorn away :/
wish I could sweet cheecks but I made plans :( but you me and nikki need to chill asap for real!!!!!!
suck my fat Dick an gag make sure u swallow wit yo fuckd up weave lol
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars Third-rounder G Will Rackley has beaten out veteran Jason Spitz for the starting left ...
We miss ya dude!
Thanks for the follow. I love when local twitters connect.
In honor of voting day, I am having a New Glarus #BlackTop to finish breakfast. I suppose I should mention I am at the waterpark this AM.
lol, well i'm laughing. :)
Love how Nadal creates firestorm and then wants it to go away on his terms. Not how it works in real world. Grow up.
Confession: I started dating a woman who is not punk. Therefore I will not be able to make it. I know how lame that is.
I love you! <3
I love that you're in my windows marketplace. Now if only I could get Words With Friends! :)
cool but comfortable :) a little damp, but not raining :)
One more class...ugh & I'm freezing 💨😨
Remember the mountain troll in the first Harry Potter? That's me right now.
Fans : "I love Austin Mahone!!" Mahomies : "I love Austy!!" See the difference?
Lucky you! Hope you're having a blast! I'm going to make it there one of these days.
Sweet service last night...expectant for this morning's session!
Great night in Somerset tonight! Humbled by the terrific turnout. Proof of just how broad-based and bipartisan this campaign has been.
Thanks to everyone at the MAKOS Spring Invitational Swim Meet at GMU - we loved serving you Maui Wowi smoothies!
Only at work an hour b4 I was told I could leave. Ahh its a good day.
Merry Christmas to for sending all those care packages to our troops.
Too bad I'm stuck here till 6:30 am.
#ThatMomentWhen the teacher gets mad and makes everybody work silently
RT : Search results are so much worse on mobile apps. Why? Am I being silly?
Thanks for the retweet!
ehh maybe a little.... okay A LOT HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love dancing in the rain.... but out here in tha desert we raindance...for some rain...
Thank you Josh! I love doing the Dennis Miller show. I have a lot of respect for how he supports our troops.
I LOVE they have endless ideas for materials & installation for that cutting edge design concepts. They are a designers dream!
Good Fuckn Morning (:
treat. yo. self.
I can't giv u what u want, when I don't kno what that is...
hmm. let me think.... secure storage for secret cash stash, perhaps?
im a christian, im a protestant, a Calvinist, im a follower of Christ.
: It looks gorgeous and fun. I have to do a presentation this weekend -- maybe I need to do it in HTML5rocks.
Thats pretty interesting.
Wish tomorrow would be Thursday.
No more networking. Good Night. #sleep. Busy day tomorrow! Full of recording musica.!
So glad to hear it! Thanks
I'm up spinning "Beer on the Table" on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
haha I miss you too. We definitely need to hang out! I was a strange kid 2 year ago. hahah.
Pedicure tomorrow, yes!
My baby is the Best <3
The Birthplace of Country Music Museum Should Get Tennessee Money
Okay..ahem #ParisHilton is not an artist of anything, especially music. Quit with the "new song" drama. Just spend ur money, silver spoon.
WELL did i tell you about the dude who had a dream i was knocked up.. and liked it? -.- smh.
Perfect weather for Golf today, but I'm tied to the whipping post rest of the day.
Good eating.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO LINCS FM
Happy Hour w/ , game, 8-11 Harold Betters Quartet, hockey. Full schedule
STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP. Teenagers, I swear. I'm a bad mom for making the kid clean up her room before she gets her ipod back.
i found it....... And threw it out
March Madness plus Raw Bar? Yes please.
Power was out all night. I'm back online now.
oh DM me k
that sounds cool, yeah I'm obsessed with ancient Rome very interesting stuff
I did that the other night!! It hurt!!
Stupid bitch!! lol
dats a shame did u ask wat y'all goin to c
no, I don't think so!
thanks for RT. have a great weekend!
: So I hear my Irish girls r doing a flashmob for CTS tomorrow in town?! Looking forwards to seeing the video for it girls :)
I shall be following you closely. Papa Joe
#sacscoc studying=memorizing for test, learning=understanding information
(kendall) hey liz! I'm so glad to be home how was flashpoint?
just be prepared to rebound (hint hint)
deputies still going through a flea market that was raided yesterday for counterfeit merchandise. latest coming up after football!
it's not a hatred, but creepy as a profile pic. People should ask to see them, not assume everyone wants to see it
you are absolutely right brother we got more work to do when you make it back to N.Y you still fam
The Year of Alabama Music! We have no shortage of talent or diversity! From W.C. Handy to Sun Ra and Toni Tennille! Listen at Hoole!
Need someone to create MIAMI STYLE WEBSITE. Doesn't DO anything. Totally superficial. VERY light content. But looks fantastic! Send samples.
Need plans for the weekend :)
“: A little drunk, and a little terrified from American Horror Story. Lethal combination.” i need to do this
it's held up well, she ripped one of the flaps off of Spot on the farm though.
I can't complain at all! Will you be around at the Net Impact event tomorrow?
Identify and hone your work that could become timeless [Quotables]
wow mega huge congrats, Luke!
What up giirrrlll??? How you been??
Osama is dead!!!
Research shows: Prolonged sitting is a risk factor for all-cause mortality, independent of physical activity.
Big win #Bruins back on top of the Division!
5 states, 2 hour difference, miles apart and my dad still knows how to make me smile(:
Been a lonely kinda weekend. Embracing my independence. Dogs, park, sun, book, snack, journal,smash.
this must be fixed!!
I think issues with Meebo's support eventually drive everyone mad.
Love hangin out with my brother and his friend... We ain't low!
Thanks for the retweet Joe. How we love your wines; enjoyed our visit to Oxnard so much. What's new in kosher Calif. vintages?
Just went out side and saw it was raining Smh just washed my ride today! I can't complain too much my wash was 3 dollars
Strategy for SocialMedia: 1) Listen. 2) Show you're listening. 3) Prove you listened.-- interviewed by at
Thanks for the RT! You guys rock.
"the greatest gift a father can give a child is to love their mother" - my father
Heading to New York to meet 5000 amazing firewalkers ....ready to transform lives.
In the studio with , cant wait to start practice for warped tour tomorrow!
Thank you!!! You are amazing...
judging/coaching meeting w/ #PSEConv - Good Luck students!!!
wales? say hi to that prince dude 4 me! :)
The neighbors have officially started complaining about the volume of music in this bar. "Regulators, mount up."
It's time for some health care facts...
Yikes. RT : That yonel Cespedes. One strong Cuban. Reminds me of me wish I can take home under my wing
Good morning lover! Ive #missed you =)
I want a Kitchen Aid mixer !!
yeah way to actually lobby before hand and now just show up with 2 hours to go
Very festive holiday wishes to you and yours from TPCo. Merry Christmas!
RT : The idea of fighting a 'culture war' has become, for me, a profound act of fear and unbelief.
"Men have forgotten this truth...but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed" A. de Saint-Exupery
I think you just have a show so you can take off clothing and show millions with out being a porn artist
okay! I live in avon now so were neighbors!!!
I went to see Contagion. Good movie, but we all got stuck in the theater for an hour afterwards... no one wanted to touch the door to exit!
Word!!! “: is the Only American Idol that can Sing "Queen" Like a King!”
Just bought my tickets for the Yankees-Orioles game on Tuesday with
I love ...Not coming from a mahomie but a friend...and im always here for him...always...:D 
"Don't forget, there's somebody out there, waiting to see, what you're gonna write!" Trevor Gale
On Thurs., the Wisconsin Dept. of Workforce Development reported a loss of 4,300 private sector jobs in March 2012.
let's just say they try to fix me up daily, lol
#16MillionBeliebers?! Unbelievable! Great way to start the year! #TeamBieber. <33
well isn't simmer coming to cork soon?
Yes, happy about sale. :-) not happy about how rich former owner is but oh well
spit it diff getting more recognized everyday my the music community and industry.. more new song up soon. and new merchandise everday....
video shoot 2day 12thSt N.E. Come Show Luv
You're welcome! What's your team name? RT Thanks for the follow guys! See you on the 25th!
it happened again!!!! Chick we were just working non stop in LA :( I'm back next weekend short visit!!
Great day at the dealership, car is en route. Optima Hybrid loaded, black exterior & interior. Can't wait!
In the Nuremberg trials of alt rock radio, I'd be fine letting him escape to South America.
Google man was babbling about impressions/actions analytics... and I was like "uh, we aren't trying to get new customers, dude."
First newsletter with Weekly specials coming out next week - website isnt finished but let me know - FREE DELIVERY!!
we are excited to see you then!!! Good lunch on the LA tix!
I realized after tweeting the last thing, no matter how we put the next several lines, it wouldn't look right...
I AlReady Did :)
97% of visitors found my site when googling "blood spill"
What a dive by Callahan.
Marveling at the notion that grazing cows align themselves with magnetic north.
and you as well. sent you an email .
trust me girl you'll be begging for the SVC lesson plans back
Working on red cup stuff for some athletic offices. Facebook is telling to recruits. How many red cups are associated with your team?
Where's the hashtag during 30 Rock Live, NBC? The other channels provide them during shows.
Back in Texas now.oh the long day short night season is back
It helps in writing, not so much in revising. (That's why I let other people read for me & tell me what to change. #donttell)
Niggas always tryin to drink for free..
How do/will they assess learning results of using games?
He deserves it! #JazzBars RT Our very own just announced as #ABQ's first #PoetLaureate!
I'm done burning my discs, now when I get in someone's car I just jam to my music.
I'm always considered the asshole because I don't approve of fur
OH: "Oh asshole.."
I'm tan already!!! S/O to this Italian skin!
I actually did that Truth Is shit on fb it said one person liked it, but 15 people did and none of them being people I actually talk to.. :/
Go Hawks!
todays task: figure out how to make this statistical software create a new variable by using a large nested IF/THEN statement </nerd>
I absolutely LOVE Christmas music!! (well, i absolutely love all things Christmas haha)
There's only one thing left to do...
So we're done? Just like that?
lol be careful
Is it better to have love and lost..? Hm....
Oh why you so cute?
ive actually just finished my latest script now im just looking for a literary agent to represent me..are you an actor?
I hate to say it,Washington DC sports fans,but all ur teams suck.I should ve told yall ur Caps had no chance against the
It shouldn't be a struggle to hold a conversation
from my home in mke yes
So many cute girls from high school have married really funny looking dudes. They probably have money or something.
Derek Roy Scores to cut the Flyers lead to 2-1
Congratulations to on a #terrific opening night of #princessand thegoblin
Life Flows, Share It via
sadly nothing, just sitting at home being sick :/ what about you? :)
"I wasn't that drunk." Dude! You were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa.
That was an easy 2
try apple cider vinegar
OMG AW "hear that we made her life! woo!" lmao so cute i cant even :)
Jersey bound
Eric and Kelli are pissing me off with their similar tweets... I hope yall see this lol
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
Being in detroit I'm guessing a chrysler millennium?
Ya'll already know that is a huge Ranger fan!
worst. allergies. ever.
Me on a flight: read for 5min. Sleep for 4hrs. Read for 5min. Land
favorite William Powell movie? He's a family favorite. Also, unrelated, do you still enjoy Bowfinger?
Tips for Churchill Race 3: Windsurfer(4) and Golden Ticket(5).
oh. my. god. Savan's tweets hahahahahahah
