Working until 9 tonight, as opposed to my normal 8, which is fine, except for the part where my brain's exclaiming, 'half hour to go!'
aw #sadface my hand hurts
Good Boyfriend Replacement I'm Looking For (; lmao
Question: Which US colleges or universities offer excellent programs in web design, web dev, or digital media?
How am I ever going to use 7 weeks of vacation?
E-Portfolio: Conclusion? Call Martha Burtis for help ^_^
Introducing the 2012 GeekDad Fantasy Baseball Franchises - Wired News
Navigatin thru her eyes destination to her thighs
right back at you. Golf will benefit if Tiger can start winning majors again
work is killing me... -_- glad to be off..
Good suggestion. Thanks!
Delight urself in the lord & he will give u the desires of ur heart RT Reading wondering what my pg23 vision is.
I'm getting the Shopify password screen at the moment...
Green jacket or not, Bubba Watson, you my friend, have GREAT hair.
That's what I said! Curious as to which sushi spot is on
This is the code that is popping today: 71 DEGREES IN SD (19.99 OFF) for your purchase of a swim system
were you at office and not even tell me you were coming?!?! :(
Who has a sad face and just got banned from facebook? This girl:(
“: Simple fact is: WHO GIVES A FUCK. Does it make you dance? YUP. Then it's Dance Music :) #dancepartyoverthere” so true
I hate dumb ass NEF only playing the Magics game who da fuck. Are they we are fans the champs of FLA and FSN need to respect dat
Tebow time is over.. Finally.
lol I'm driving Jj car I got a hair appointment after
I see you 286
Can I just go back to california and stay there?
You adding to the arsenal
Several homes and barns in Camp. County destroyed, but OK here at the library. Actually prepping for a big program 2night.
Congratulations New Orleans!
yeah. Keeps saying it cannot connect to the network, but all my other network-y stuff is working fine.
And what's forcing a person to be evil is their lust for control and power over others.
Thanks for the mention Leslie!
That is so cool that you get a Nespresso machine. I look forward to getting a deal like that someday.
Any word on if you fine folks will have a mobile app at some point? thanks
Welcome to the world Ella Kate! born 1/19/2012. The newest Creed!Congrats to Pammy the new Mommy!
I have the best pals around #soclassy #thatwasapun #Getit?
SO EXCITED!!
Its ridiculous that Bell and Rendon chromes are going for around what Sano is getting.
Wanna get the number to ya 212 line
Aloha Kakahiaka!!!!! Mahalo to all of our followers who are now "Ohana" on our website!!! To those who decided not to join, no hard feelings
Team Canada is now the best baseball team in the Americas and it's a title they will keep until 2015 when they will defend it.....in Toronto
haha I agree.
Ah, the sweet smell of Alicia's weave falling off. She is SO pissed that I didn't choose her!
Yea, I just deleted from my iPhone.
OMG i love you plies so much wisdom such a kind hearted person so genuine not many out there like you keep keeping it real
So glad that documented the Fork to Farm tour in #GrandRapids today. I didn't have a camera. It was a great day!
If anything could ever be the greatest thing since sliced bread, it would be Spotify.
Depends whether or not Tanit Phoenix is doing the lasooing ;
Planning to do a little intense shopping online! Looking for a few bargains! #shopping #bargains :-D
Checked out for a nightcap yesterday. Thoroughly enjoyed & will definitely return.
And ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of seperation..Kahlil Gibran
I try to use my music to move these people to act. - Jimi Hendrix
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common? The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
thank you! This is hard
Get Out My House!!!!!
Yeah, the worm is out and about doing its thing. What a creature.
good n busy
cool minivan is an oxymoron.
great suggestion-- ill be there! thanks adrienne!
love shorty's?! stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
my best wishes for #c4g this year !
re: Detroit, check out the work is tackling to in Detroit w/ Mayor's Office: and
why am i so cold?
watching something borrowed i love the movie but hate it too how can a guy come inbetween two best friends
Sounds like someone is still a Jet...
Acupuncture has an auto-regulatory effect on many of the body's systems. It balances the nervous system, and calms the emotions and the mind
We love Oklahoma City! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Oklahoma City!
-- So how did it go?
Shower then im KTFO .
Too extra!
RT - Ive been a New England Patriots fan for like 7-8 years and i hardly ever watch them play...#horriblebutloyalfan :b
Right on Steve. Thanks for the vote of confidence brother.
Bron Bron checked out in game 4? Dude, that's just corny.
Just got a new guitar, Schecter Hellraiser. This is thing sick as fuh!
You have a great day too!
No, I had some appointments come up and couldn't. I'll catch her this weekend (for real). Have an awesome date night!
Information on Yellow Light of Death Cure | welcome to ...
haha indeed, with no ideological shell every cleanly coming off.
Mi scusi. Point taken.
umm, go to the beach maybe? you're there so early! :)
nice late night drive listening to country music now time to get in my big empty bed and try to sleep :)
thanks again 4 the Tasty Tip...came in handy on this hot day...u da man
Tomorrow is gonna be boring as shit for me...
Cats are the best babe
March11th! Today is the last day of NEW CITY ART FAIR 2012. If you have not come to the art fair, please stop by! We open until 5pm!
"I thank you for being pro-active for the children in our community." from the Brown Deer Schools Outreach office. You are welcome.
America, Religious Freedom, and the Natural Law: Yet amidst all this churning, the gravest question for our public culture is whether...
I know!!! <3 And ehhh.. My hairs already straight.. grrr.
I love the new album, headlines is my favorite song
Who slept in this morning? Catching some big z's.
umm no lol dancing all night :)
yeah Ima go but thats in two weeks
Court recesses for the day. More defense witnesses are on deck for tomorrow.
Big day of football tmrrw!
Clear lake bound. Working with Physicians,Clinics and Law Firms in Houston and surrounding areas.
I wish I could remember exactly! It was org. and $ went to memorial fund. Will try to figure out and get back to U if I do.
when you can afford to buy us each a ticket? ;-) (believe me I want to come again soon! & Allen's never been!)
APEX Museum is preparing to use tech resources in exhibits...stay tuned.
you're the best!
oh let me know if he is cos he's awesome aha!
#libchat question: any suggestions on how to boost training skills for cataloging on a shoestring budget?ConEd?
first best show is python right? It better be :-)
Meeting today at our favorite place, Wellshire Farms.
Nashville ya'll.
Thanks, Melissa. It's a tragic story, but one that we felt needed to be heard. My heart breaks for that family.
failing my global test tomorrow
If gets Dirk gets 35 a game Dallas will win other than that Heat will win
you make all this money for people and they still haters
Lol. yeahh. we're about too catch a cab too the airport thoo.
I'm just playing. I look forward to the opportunity of winning some cards. My moment would have been Maz's HR in 60' series.
well goodnight everyone <3
Men that act like females
I miss you!
Looking for great short stories appropriate for teaching to 7th graders. Ideas?
: thanks! are you feeling better?? I'll even throw in a #GoSox :)
Galaxy Nexus is here. I'll miss you Nexus One.
-- just LOVE your twitter handle. Have to give you that shout-out!
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit! Love ya !
Hell no, I do too. Lol
missed couple great sports moments this weekend at least I caught the #USWNT on my phone, great weekend w/ family & the
Forget about this team man...
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy
I'm confident.
Ricky Gervais must buy his body girdle off the rack at Shatner's thrift store.
If I were a #Vikings fan right now, I would be calling my legislator right now.
you could note that it is, however, a composite of wavelengths both within & outside the visual range.
Okay!! Now stop interrupting my sense of focus! I've got a paper to write!
thanks for the love!
Yes. All 3. SMH.. Handling all 3 sch. are hectic. Bball 2. I want them to try soccer. They r not 4 it...
I think one of us is having more fun than the other! :-D
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Dynasty Young, the gay teen who was expelled from Arsenal Tech for bringing a stun gun to school, will speak & dance at #Indy bullying rally
Would love to see more cultural, ethnic, linguistic diversity - full breadth of our communities
Heading to MI for the weekend while the dudes are w/ their dad. Planning to read, sleep & walk.
Holy shit! There are oryx in New Mexico.. didn't get a picture, sadly.
Some of my favorite films include love stories such as Moulin Rouge, Titanic and The Notebook. Yep, I have a soft side, ladies.
85... I wilt otherwise....
Mom? Lol. RT : #TextsThatGetYouScared You got two seconds too get your ass home !
thanks for meeting up! Great to meet you!
Q1: Ne student programs does a great job w "Class of 2016" #facebook page
As February begins, have u put "get leadership coaching" on your 2 do list?
I see. U still my neighbor or u moved?
just lunched at el robertos, not to be confused with original robertos. Veggie burrito was adequate.
Thanks! Much love!
Dressed for work Ans about to hit the door.. so glad I only work a half day today :)))
ahh but it, it misses you, my dear friend.
I miss u biatch!
I'm so confused. Why won't you be going to the house parties? We will miss you </3 but how's it going?
i can never fall asleep easily.
Mahalo for the mention!
playing around with my new nook :D hubs got it for me yesterday - so much faster than my original one....
sucks to suck!!
Today for lunch we had cobbler instead of Pie. But it's Pi day!
Off the grid til Fri pm. Headed to Addo National Park with ! Can't wait!!!
how was surfing stud?
Dam forgot to do this HW now i got to pay a nerd tomorrow
That kid has skills. Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar.
I want to ask this girl what the hell is the point of following me, creeping and unfollowing every day?
I want some!!! Lol
Storming? Right now? Really? K cool.
I think blogging, like email, has a "last generation" feel to it for lots of sts.
Deleted my fb, I guess I'll start using Twitter more? (: it's just been sitting here ..
Girls: "All guys are the same!" Who asked you to try them all, hoe?
Hitting more companies and shaking more hands. Utah is beautiful!!!
chicken nuggets are the ish.
shoot me the flier for the show on the 16th so we can approve it please...thanks
Dude. Not cool.
Thank you for the RT and kind words. How are you?
Jamming To My Music.
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
Who is running the mini marathon this weekend? This will be the first of many for me. Bats game later that night
Great! Tons of digital/virtual arch presentations/discussions. Wish you could have made it.
I was at a gas station & this thugged out teenager was parked there blasting Justin Bieber outta his....
Lost my asst. and good friend who worked in one of our libraries Velma Perry - 1957-2012 RIP Velma thoughts and prayers to your family.
however, once purchased, program is ours. a product in a store is not mine until I purchase it
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!! she makes selly demi an miley look like scrubs sorry disney but its truth
Haha good one (;
Look f/w to seeing u! RT Event-a-go-go week kicking off. #GDIS2012, Interiors Show, followed by
Hey im going to my new home in Miami :)
i would message him back asking what time. then when he replied i would get ready and skype him..then we would fall in love LOL
YAAAAAAY! Congrats to !
you like The Appleseed Cast? Follow and we'll send you their live performance video from our film. Interested?
I love #SaySomethin its actually so amazing, you've got so far!<3
You have so many opportunities to take my class today and tomorrow peeps! Today two barre, a cardio & cf yoga later today! Come work out!
I need a female friend nothin serious just somebody I can chill & smoke wit
I will marry a turkish boy<3💜💙
Hey hope new job is great! Thanks for all the luv for #IntelIT on twitter
oh, gotcha. I Hope u do. I should be on n daytime
got all the #tbt wit him and me
Yucca's are starting to bloom in the east county hills. Makes for some beautiful trail runs.
thesis paper
Sitting with plotting a program for
Happy Wednesday! Hope you are enjoying this gorgeous fall day! :)
yes! Ask favor!
Thank you for coming here and not leaving empty handed!
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse. -Walter Jeffries
been watching & 's videos for a while now..eh who says that's a bad thing?
Is it too late to start live tweeting the Golden Globes?
1 week, and I'll be in Vegas with my family. 2 weeks, I will be arriving in Cape Cod and starting my internship. 12 weeks: LONDON.
Re: my last RT. I'd do it. In a heartbeat. And depending on how you view my last relationship, I already have.
You've got the Chelsea game the wrong way mate!! Stick the horse Frankel in there too on both
wish i could skip today
Barça or AC Milan?
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 23
“: i dont associate with females on a day to day basis bitches just sneaky”<<<< so true I totally agree as needed only! 😜
I'll be happy if I do that 5K in 40:00.
cookie maker or penis pump.
New female tank designs! Who's excited to see them?
HA! RT just read that tweet about #lefse .....OH GOD!
Hey #Lubbock, I'm playing a couple shows there very soon: April 6 at Rain Uptown and April 7 at Good Brews.
Im pretty good thanks :-) did you check out my new music video? :-)
It was implied. :)
: I probably should have worn a bra to the grocery/ oh, don't worry! I'm sure you're making a lot of people very happy over there!
": Not living by any rules, a #Gemini is a true “free spirit”."
you in New York or at home? Hope you are back out there soon.
On my way to the Mac store
I like my r&r.
I don't like to pick favorites, but your one of my favorites on #SouthernNights :)
Your haircut is new
is this like a ufc style tournament, is so where do I sign up
The world wants good enough, enthusiastic solutions not carefully crafted documents anymore
Have a great trip!
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'Austin Powers: The Spy who Grind Me'
Apologies for your cust serv experience. I see you're in touch w/ & that's the best resource for your issue.
oh midterms? yeah that was 5 weeks ago. no, we're worrying about finals right now. gotta love the quarter system.
I'll keep asking till it happens. Please tweet it would mean the world to the both of us ♥
please follow she is you biggest fan!28
by 20. Got a smart phone? Download sportacular app!! All sports on the go man
:/ I see! Well, welcome home
dude, I feel like super violated -___-
Telling my mom I want an Alienware laptop so she gives me a face and I said face it you had a little boy.
just becuz of schol will u beable to tweet on school
RT : still full from a delicious dinner with the mac & chesse was
Just text you!
Sorry - not so much bio-arch info - more like #ethnobotanical type of learnings...
Join us at at 11 a.m. CT. #AskCIG for a TweetChat about topics from the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing - Please RT and SHARE.
haha I gotta try
Read previous tweet.
The husband got tickets to an advanced screening. No idea how he managed that. It was fantastic! Really, so much fun!
I shall return to my regular programming shortly!
New York City! Where I've lived for 25 years...so I'm biased!
I think has some of the most dedicated fans ever.
where my coons at?
I am chasing my dream like it just stole my purse on payday
#mayrmayr Roy is wearing angry glasses.
hey girl!
The minute I let my guard down...that's exactly why I don't trust people
Thank you! We couldn't do what we do for the animals without support like this.
me! I'm here now. How are you?
M.A.T.H..... Mental abuse to humans
HS STUDENTS! THURSDAY@ CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTiNG LiVE LiL TWiST OF YOUNG MONEY PERFORMiN LiVE AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX
I love u! Been awesome to me!
Is it Beer:30 yet?
Will #darkknightrises be as good as #darkknight ?
The team is at #allurelounge getting their hair and makeup done. Make sure to stop by if you are at
That radiation? Actually, Dr. Richards can help you with that.
Bout to draw a mean smiley far on my stomach
ok dnt try n ruin my rep already haha jk
Thinking of making some Italian food this weekend - what's the best dish you discovered in Italy?
do uk how Ashley first date went? Lol
I mean what else am I gonna do, tweeting time!!
You know your Sconnie accent is bad when you accidentally put extra vowels in words b/c that's how they sound when you say them
Is throttling , or am I just always using it at peak times like... late Saturday morning, early weekday mornings...?
you knocked this one out of the park - super! Carolyn says you still owe us a visit 😊
Going through my portfolio from all my previous classes. Not bad! ;)
I am so excited about this team!! We have tons of talent and a great bench...can't wait to smack those Tar heals
Q: where do you great #ideas come from?
Rehearsal with UCB peeps and then to a show!
How about Jurrell Casey next round?
. did a great job MC'ing tonight's OCNA's Turn Up The Heat on
*crying from laughter* let's just invite it to get drunk one night, first one to get in its pants wins a sack from the other
it was good meeting u as well...see u all tomorrow
There has been a shocking spike of creepers hitting on me this weekend. I just got proposed to in an el elevator.
My I phone has literally blue screened 3 times in the last 4 days. Not good. Takes 3-4 hard resets to bring it back.
its ok I'm learning how to use it
8 and I are on our own today without Mom. On our way to see the Avengers followed by his favorite, sushi at Nagoya.
New Nike Woodside Boots Just walk in the Door at BCK.... Come and Buy them so they can walk right back out of the door
what advice do you have for a diabetic disabled aspiring body builder?
see you already know it
I'm loving my life right now git away from these fake ppl ugh but let me say this if u got lie to yourself u fake take care of your child
Still laughing at 's impression of Thomas she was talkin bout my baby lmao
Just cranked up "Magic" by Pilot....what a GREAT song...I don't care how old that makes me.
The best 'helping hand' you'll ever find...is at the end of your own arm
Golf >>>> basketball.
Filmmaking has to be about the dramaturgy. RT
where the hell my cookies at?
is there anything better than my wife's homemade chicken enchiladas? maybe not
thank god for 3G
Oh time to go for a walk in my backyard. Gonna go like 10 acres in to get to the creek =) Gonna be nice!
Dang Rey Mysterio suspended for second violation of wellness policy.....
Hey guess what! The movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is based on my family. About the lil town in Templin Germany
#Np - Another Round, love it.
May Day! May Day! McGill's is out of fish! They said the ran out by 2p. :( Gonna head to Abbey.
No bullshit! They play'n thinking shit sweet just cuz it's Denver.
That nigga gon know it ain't his as soon as he get out the pen.
Woke up this morning and Chantha and I had an argument. He went for a walk and came back with a sticky bun. He's evil!
...that doesn't mean I wouldn't gladly sell my soul to get all sorts of fukked up at #EDC with you!
is the best!!
Looking forward to the VA SHRM State Conference in less than two weeks. Hope to see u there!
And guess who has a board meeting today? Perfect timing. I plan on conducting all business on twitter today.
This day in 1874 Lewis Latimer patented his idea for water-closed railway cars
I have to say filippis pizza, yum!
I love that Buffy calls him Dick in demon snake form. Phallic much?
agreed! I think we need to create a forum for better
it's hard not having a smart phone...i keep resetting my password! u get what u pay for & my phone is remedial lol smh
thanks for the retweet! Expect a new video once every few weeks!
Thx 2 the great fans traveling from 11 states 2 the Promolast ATL Reunion ProWrestlingFanfest! Stay tuned- coming soon to a city near you...
#ItsHardTo focus when ur brain is preoccupied with million other things
I'll make yo main bitch my side piece !
Need help....whats the best sports promotion that u have seen executed at retail? Preferably a purchase incentive program not including tix.
Bend over to the front, touch your toes, back that ass up and down and get low
going to nyc in 4 days cant wait!!!!!!!!!
The 102 error is an [intentional] refusal by his server. But the computer is online and accepting pings. I sent an e‑mail. ▸
Have you watched the other one I sent you?
welcome Erica !
Adams: Despite focus on Iraq veterans, vast majority in the system are from WW2, Korea and Vietnam
Being sick is a pain but having such wonderful friends and family are what makes it a-ok! #gratitude love you guys!!
is live-tweeting events at Virginia Tech.
is gonna have a superior harvest this year! You can count on it!!!
Next release Berlin focusing on scalability, reliability, collaboration and automation (again).
that's just hateful. Malika is beautiful.
Well there are tons of changes for me this year I'll pray it all goes well I still have a few plans that need to be accomplished
So Justin Bieber's Boyfriend is on the radio, he'll won't be my Buzzlight Year that's already and :D
Fuck AP Euro im failing that shit anyway
New year new dreams
Yet another satisfied customer! Spending that little extra time with a cust goes far beyond what you may think.
Giants and Eagles both tied 10-10 in the 4th quarter.
Am I the only person in the twitter universe not at Comic Con? So sad :(
Any flooding on Mercer St? Power out? I'm out of town right now.
M, Dan, I hear ya! I love my chiminea, but haven't tried it for marshmallows yet. Good idea!
It's the weekend! What am I going to do? Laundry, brunch, movie, draw? Sounds like a plan.
Do you mean right now, right now? I'm working on theme. What aboutcha'?
The secret of life is keep your eye on the ball
happy new year everyone! :)
Image to pdf Converter GUI Command Line discount:
omg you finally dropped tht load... I thought you wasn't due till june..
Awesome, glad I could help!
John Cushman talks about downtown LA transformation growth in residential, #retail and cultural + new transport at #ULIFall11 RT
finally down, fenna put these headphones on
sick of hearing about Damien Hirst all together. Let's move on.
What speaks for itself doesn't need an explanation!
whose got a rip of the Brian McKnight vid
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago on Thurs. for Outlaw Thursdays at LaSalle Power Co!
Happy #FF - have a great weekend!
Following back
what does everyone think of the name penelope for a kitten??
hey you know deandre well it was kinda me lol and helped
yeah idk y I cant get past 30,000
agree - he sounds like he is 80
Go team 2!
"Your hands are so cold. Your hands are so bloody." #quote of the night
Don't forget that TODAY is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents and active military duty and dependents with ID!
Any place to download older versions? Can't connect to non-SFTPs after 4.1.1 and want to see if it was the update.
only u would use that wors. Lmao
Now question is ARW #CELTICS EVEN GONNA PLAY #HEAT IN Eastern Conference Finals? Lol
but would you undo my zipper please? 😏
I wanted more drama with Jermaine's departure! Make me wait an hour and 20 minutes for his lisping lies!
Reading the new Glamour highlight the 2009 women of the year and advice from from former winners- loving it!
Poor Mitt Romney. He got confused. GOP needs a candidate who fires up the party, not someone who likes to "fire people."
thanks for the follow <3
Definitely read ' twitter novel about Greek understandings of the State and American desires to deploy Greek tactics.
make sure one of you blokes is on the scene if Giants fan Harvey Weinstein has a high altitude heart attack
ah did I miss the giveaway???? So sad :-(
"You win some, you lose some; it's all the same to me." From the song, "Ace of Spades" by Motorhead.
At a health expo!
"I'm not impressed." -
Where is my APP friend? I just saw this and thought of you - check out I have a GREAT APP IDEA but need someone to build :)
Bring your "Red" ticket to Palatte at Phoenix Art Museum for a complimentary slice of red velvet cake.
depends where you put the money. If you only need 5% to stay ahead, you can be pretty conservative.
personally, I liked it long.
cigarette free and completely losing my mind!!!!! nicotine i hate you!
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow all.
Agree! --> Look at #CRM as a tool that contains firm assets - contains direct insight to customers and leadership support. cc'
Sighs of obsolescence heard everywhere..RT : Apple Set To Unveil Next iPad: The company a media event next Wed...
Red Stag cherry infused whiskey sounds interesting. love the juxtaposition of feminine/masculine. we should try!
I'm so ready for Nor Cal!
no need to. You know who you are.
I'm trying to change that though. Really want to do better. I was planning 2 block periods for a project, was going to be board
wow thats actually incredibly awesome.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the U.S.S. Monitor left NY for Ft. Monroe & an eventual clash with the C.S.S. Virginia.
happy birthday! cheers!
Brrrr! Thank you! Thank you!
Happy Thanksgiving to All, Enjoy & Eat Responsibly
I'm laughing so hard I pooped a little.
Prayers go out to the families, friends and classmates of the victims of the #Christian university #shooting RT
Thanks for the RT! :)
Join us tomorrow night for Old Town Scottsdale's Thursday Night Artwalk! We're giving away a free cup of tea with any purchase!
“: oh duh... If only I cared about anything from Oklahoma... or the NBA.” ugh come on man!!! Hoop it up!
If I had a british accent I don't think I'd ever stfu.
Great! How was yours? :)
Around Tech Valley - Albany Times Union
Thanks for the follow ! If you haven't been, I'd love for you to stop by my house!
So excited to use my complimentary tickets to the victory suite tonight
... and once again, another satisfied customer! We appreciate your business!!
Hours later STILL waiting on USPS...
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse pure talent
My opinion: cuts to federal discretionary spending won't solve deficits and will harm social safety net.
HA! I'm thinking so too. :)
FINALS are NEXT week! I have a whole semester of studying to catch up on! #poorchoices RT : The giraffe is gone! #whereareyou?
Nope...just wishful thinking lol RT : Garrett's? You must be in the CHI
Speaking of Mary she's gone off that Molly.
he don't do that. He's been up sinc 7 wit only a hour nap at 11 he jis cries an you can tell he's sleepy.
That last Tweet wasn't funny, but felt we had to contribute something to International Bone Thugs N Harmony on Twitter Month
whoaxxxx dats cool i was once staying in england lol so wat school yhu go to x
#Businesses and #individuals cannot expect to obtain or keep #Twitter #followers if they do not
characters who are annoying 2nite: Derek, Derek and Derek. He doesn't listen and then he gets mad!
She shouldve died hereafter,there wouldve been a time for such a wordX_x
Mr. Holland's Penis
Morning! How are things in Ohio?
They're just warped.
Funny how my old highs is suddenly my new lows -J Cole
#ChuckNorris can MAKE water run uphill.
Whos trying to have some fun boys Where Angels Fear to Tread & The Sign Of Jonah. today at Taylor Allderdice High School. Mirakuruzu:...
wksps smaller group v. lect;can break into even smaller groups for hands-on activities/interaction;come back together
No work no school no nothing. Sleeping the whole day. Running on 3 1/2 hours of sleep. No bueno.
Your welcome
Thanks for the great feedback. We are having an awesome time doing this for all of you! RT quality sessions :)
Tell all your friends to follow !
The Red Black & Blonde Austin TX Premiere will be 10/18/11 at the Alamo Drafthouse on South Lamar. Mark your calendars and stay tuned!!!
funny thing...I had a few more proposal requests come across my desk. I'm glued to my computer.
For a limited time only my policy is to follow every spam link sent me. Bring it! How good are your drugs? How good is your porn?
kidney stone? Is your back sensitive?
Nancy Rich: Virtually all forms of energy involve some risk, not just nuclear power
Add me when you can. :x
We would be happy to share posts on
I now know the reason informercials are on after 4am. I think I bought a lot of crap As seen on TV! Last night/this morning
From the precipice of revolution... RT : see - thats why you don't use a closer on the road in a tie game
Colleges don't make fools. They only develop them.
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's true, you're probably the reason I'm still alive to be honest. Thank God for you kind sir.
Get some! Go Pack!
really depends on kolb I think. They had a decent draft, looking forward to seeing Floyd
Love it!
Obama did not mention Twitter or Linkedin... Hm.
Nice! Have fun.
Jon Peter Lewis.
I have a strong dislike for Westbrook.
Need to check my #MegaMillions tix
RT : Today @ Plant Zero it's ! #Rva Craft Mafia's best. And since you're near Shockoe, hit too!
Sitting at a lunch table alone... Bitches be staring
lets rap about it tomorrow and figure it all out. Sound smooth?
Laying here, replaying every little thing that happened today.
How it storms then it is nice the next day. #ole'Indianaweather
Thank you to everyone who came out last night! You guys rule. Wausau's next on the 28th!
Season's greetings! I'll beat your man's ass and you're getting fatter each time I see you!
Watching DC United Game
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME DIET DR. PEPPER TASTES MORE LIKE REGULAR DR. PEPPER?
Why am I'm here ??
"I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna Please follower Retweet
You may run into a few ghosts from the past
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
but they'll be cute!!! Haha
the picture doesn't not show she doesn't care. I bet a lot of women wish they look that good without make up.
heading out to Datca Aktur, Turkey today, excited about spending time at Med coast, worried about traveling with 2 kids one 10 months old
._. i feel the same way. i love you cousin, stay strong for me <3
More food in this house than I've seen in a long time. All super healthy too.
: Want to leave #PAS2012 w/a written plan for a publishable project? "Working Smarter Not Harder" from 12-3pm Sheraton-Hampton
Imma miss so much. *sniff* :'( Best of luck though man! :)
We truly appreciate the post, Lynn! Thanks for spreading the word about
We should play sometime :D
Turbulence is only scary cuz we r n the air. Its just like wen we r on a bumpy road on the ground
We have some on order! RT : try the Reflets d'Antan (out of mag if you can) good stuff
thanks man
You kno who ur real friends r when........
Thanks for the recommendation Fig & Blue pizza at was delicious! Hubby enjoyed short ribs, too. We'll be back.
Absolutely, Rachael! Thanks for the follow back :)
Follow on twitter for Milwaukee Parade details.
You always get better promo once you pass away lol
Bout ta watch #TheGame didn't get ta see da episode from last week
FX COLUMN-Bank downgrades could rock forex players' world
#ImHopingThat one day, you'll actually start to miss me, the way I miss you
It seems difficult to based our decisions about the future of nuclear energy on 40 year old plants.
Good times watching "Lovers" at Teatro de la Luna tonight!
what a waste of frickin time...go get the real killers.
Cards game AND I get to see ! Wahoo
: You are seriously the best! You took the time to make that? We can now say we have the best fans in the world! Thank you<3
kind of frustrated that the long weekend is already over but I'll be in NYC for the coming weekend anyway!
hahaha well you'll have to deal with it 😉
when y'all gonna come see hang wit me
Why isn't #gc2012 live streaming all the time?
Things change.
Be sure your portfolio isn't overwhelming, and just includes best work. Palisoc
All deez lil bitches be bd all of a sudden dats crazy
they might go all the way to be real
SO glad I left Chase ... and not a moment too soon. Their customer service is lousy.
My birthday party (15) is on MLK day, Jan 16th, so maybe you are not shooting that day. Hope you can come.
RT if you agree. I sure do! "Creativity is what defines and distinguishes the museum community." -Ford Bell
oh we did that two years ago over the city & east bay - so awesome - looks like you had a great day
Deadheads Brian Halligan & David Meerman Scott will offer marketing takeaways from cultural icon and American jam band, the Grateful Dead
You think Quarless will have an impact later in the year?
you do have a great job and do great work!
Harry Potter-inspired sport is taking flight
Mark Zuckerberg, you know Instagram is free right?
Then yall wonder why I have such a sick mind.
Heaven. “: I was too busy not giving a shit. Where did Tebow go?”
Sunshine and 80 degrees today, but not too early for to be hard at work on holiday plans! #Zionsville is the place to be in Dec!
Have a great day!
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week. Accompanied of course by the other S's.
exactly who I'm talking about ! Ahh he's an angel (:
because I don't have your numbers haha
got some nice threads man im feeling one of those crewnecks...
This book posits that our maps no longer resemble the topography in our changing world. It has said this once a paragraph for 150 pages.
I do but you always seem so busy
All good recommendations except Who in their right minds wants to here this much bout the Bears
Guess so haha
No problem.
lmao a cookie or no lol
it was a great tea time experience
happy birthday!!
This joy I have, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away!
Have you every notice people get scared when talking to a bamd they actually like? We feel like bother ssuuccks.
still thinking of what happened last night
Hate me ...I hate u
There's nothing like a good spa pedi&mani to relax, I'm enjoying NY
Ready for today to be over!
I hate the spam on twitter. Very irritating!
Larry! Have a fabulous weekend. :)
My mom does not appreciate my snarky KY commentary. Interferes with her nostalgia.
Don't beat yourself up too much about the fold. The hand I had was the only hand that you would be ahead of that I would bet there
What's the opposite of greatness? If the first thing that comes to mind is failure- this is where you and my train of thought part.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO KLUSOZ!!! LADI DADI WE LIKE TO PARTY, WE DON'T CAUSE TROUBLE, WE DON'T BOTHER NOBODY!! LET'S GO PEEPS!!!!
Hire actors who have lots of sex appeal or visual charisma. Do a screen test to see if the electricity still sizzles.
I wanted to show u my ultimate electro-house song i made ..but i can't link it here for some reason soo..im gunna trust u .
is still as sexy as ever<3 Muah!
Maan im gettn shitty cuz my gig wont schedule me a date to go to Colorado fa some bitness n im tryna fuck wit n Carolina
Life. Is. Amazing. Could it get better?
Hans and I are going to be on the radio today around 1:20 talking about the show on saturday Yay! 91.7
girl, I already knew about Gaga's hair dress but aslong as I pop into your head when her name is said Im happy.
Heard are keeping skiles.....got to think hard about if I wil continue being a fan of this franchise....smh
follow back been supporting all you since day
good to have something to do early in the morn and late eve. That's when I miss mine most
I want to kill right about now
Hhahah straight ready for friday <3
Tweet Me A Number And A Picture Of You And I'll Ship You With A Celebrity !!(:
Shut up JC. just stop.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Virginia Tech wins 4-3 to take the series two games to one. Cavaliers back in action Wednesday at home vs. Liberty, 5/7 p.m.
OMG i literally literally literally thought iw as on boiling points today too!!! almost stormed outa ulta then & there :l
eleven : eleven .
I can twerk for days. I twerk doing my homework, I twerk while cooking, I twerk while watching TV. MAN I AM A PROFESSIONAL TWERKER. PAY ME
the idea of a completely cloud based operating system rubs me the wrong way. that probably means it is the future of computing.
Ginger tea+#nature+birds chirping+hot breakfast=a good Tuesday indeed! #Amediting + #amrevising my #poetry manuscript.
dear thanks for thanking your fans at the VMAs, instead you kissed selena gomez. Don't forget who got u this far.
Would you hug someone with the measles? Negative thinking is like having measles of the mind
Okay, cool... I'll work something out! :D
Follow! “: 989 followers. I had set a target of 1,000 by Christmas. At this rate it will be 1,000 by the weekend.”
Father Time and trash day both sneak up on you but only one makes you sprint out of bed. Good start to the day!
Nothing but love for you from my corner of North Carolina.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:19 with Nike+ GPS.
Matt Jones is a trouble maker. Point blank.
it's about time!
i was literally listening to the HSM soundtracks the other day and i teared up a bit haha
#teamfollowback I need new followers
Thanks! but pictures can lie sometimes!
ur doing well with the alcohol/music combo....and throwing in twitter...
I guess its gonna possibly snow here wtf?? Okay then
I thought wango tango was a tango class
I know Exactly Where I'm Going and I know Exactly What I Want By The Time I Get There. 85% Of The People You Know Can't Tell You The Same
Bouncing the instrumentals of my EP...but suddenly a piano track has vanished from my hard drive.
At the we asked people what to make an exhibition about, and they chose "creatures" which, yes, includes cats....
Saluting all Mothers & women who authentically unconditionally nurture with divine love. Happy Mother's Day Weekend. dmp
morning Ron!!
Or just move the line
Keeping it in the family... What nice people!
ESM's Kelcie McCray runs one of fastest times of any safety at combine @ 4.45! Way to go Kelcie!
You know in spite of the wallowing depression, my brain give me a one man dance party about an hour ago, so there's that.
...get ready for cheaper import wines from Europe folks!
Thanks, MJ! I'm going to print that out and make my teens read it. A break from the college prep stuff...
ditto those fries looked ridic now make your own Mac and cheese tell us more
About to save $2 w/ my #TallyCardz at ! FREE med fry or drink!
I miss milwaukee let me come back soon plz
pretty good... lots of working and hanging out with the big guy. How's the married life???
And yes im going to keep tweeting about #TrayvonMartin UNTIL ZIMMERMAN IS BEHIND BARS!!!!!!
abbey wats ur new number again?!
I should say based on a phone conversation with him today.
I'm really surprised you didn't say daunceee!
Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison. He a goofy. On me.!
writing a proposal to offer more comprehensive IL experience to transfer students
you're welcome. I checked it out real quick and will read when I have more time :-) also.sent you a Facebook request
Good work out! 
Just pulled a two-hour burn. Gotta get it out of the way early. ;) RT : I'm out. This skin isn't just going to burn itself.
Funny. I just think people are more impatient now.
Fair exchange isn't robbery. Fair warning!
RT : ESPN commentator just called us "the best atmosphere in the NBA."
cant DM you if u r not following me. Event 4/2, at old B&N. 30+ craft beers, local restaurants & suports Alameda Cnty Food Bank
I love Draw Something, if you do too, let's play!! My username: TeemareeDotCom <3
how about ice cold presidentes and shots of jameson?
that's my boiiiii
love at first text?
yeah man!
it really went some interesting places. Had some great moments and also some bad ones.
2011 just HAD to get in that ONE LITTLE LAST JAB to make it the worst fucking year ever. 2011, you are the worst ever. Please die.
hello dude, how did ur exams go today u still haven't told me!!! (: xx
Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!
#Community needs to do a parody episode of How I Met Your Mother.
If you're so independent, you just refuse to bend so I keep bending till I break
I did (: thanks!
Wake up suckers and have a great day while i sleep!! The alarm is set to watch
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
I always loved getting my new school supplies. Such a same they don't stay "new" for very long:)
nun just got out da shower
My love of nail polish is going to be the death of me, or at least my bank account. Neons, magnetics, demure pastel blues, HELP!
that's right! Ipading my way through the evening!
$2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 FELLAZ $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN
I've been up there a couple times. Would like to come up again with my band over the next few months. Any recommendations?
I'm sitting here like I dont have to get up at 3am to catch a flight.....
sigh YOU WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND YOU FUCKING WHALE.
starting to get nerves?
Had sum Ewe's Blue(Old Chatham Sheepherding Co.) ths wknd at the Quarter Moon Cafe in Delhi, NY. Wow, amazing. Sheep's milk cheeses rock!
Fabulous! Getting a workout in. You?
night mi amor. love you :-* :D
I think my little brother should work for a pencil company! He's obsessed!
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday?
NJHS-National Junior Honors Society. Just To Let Y'all Now :-)
in Italian with yolo
I think we tied on sending this one.
Starting today we have select items on sale up to 70% off! Stop by and check it out!
Op, the dad's goin crazy.
got that shirt for ya bro
"when life's a bitch, learn to pimp it."
. will present findings from our new teens report at #fosi11 today. (I'll be the one in the back cheering like a soccer mom)
My former roommate just got hired there!
Thanks a lot Caitlin - Hope things are going well with Brewers' Spring Training!
$12-$18 depending on seat location.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
Jamie Mays' mental breakdown in Denis Johnson's Angels is still for me the most harrowing literary depiction.
and when studs be more fitted than guys that's a Shame
Don't expect similar success in 2012 until they draft another guard or tackle & somebody ANYBODY on defense...
Yesterday Coach Bielema told media Abbrederis is now full go. Today Abbrederis told media he is out. Uh
Why didn't anyone tell me it was National Peanut Butter Day? Do they make a greeting card for the occasion?
Road trip with Emily's family? I'm definitely scared for my life.
Today is the last day of Come learn about the psychedelic properties of a ancient religious anointing oil
I feel like a broken record... short term memory problems? Try writing it down!!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
i will not say goodbye cause i care for you, <3
I know the feeling
You will never be able to lead with a heart of God until you learn to serve with a heart after God. The least of these
Thats one talented stripper
Nachos for dinner and apple pie + wine for dessert. Bring on the footy!.
of course I stopped to get coffee and asked for a menu. What an eye opener. Yuck.
We would totally mail you our PB Cookie cupcake if we could! They are so delicious!
Late start at school today, then going to Lane Community College to check out the course for state.
the Cube has lentil w/parmesan. all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan.
Just needs documenting and prettying up. Not many others utilize JRun metrics. But this cross references critical server events
Hey bestie, you coming back on our noon show again this year for SXSW? Remember we bonded, or was it just me ?
lmfaoo I know! !! I herd
Never miss a show! join our PLSAC text crew and receive updates and win tixs! Text "PunchLine" to 404040 to signup. *standardtxratesmayapply
Gold Coasts Finest™👌
What happened to lighting them on fire?
Did you take this photo ?
Free Delivery Nationwide! Send flowers now! Our Weekend Special 800-873-1348
peyton manning will be released on wed! totally saw that coming..
How do get an annoying song out of your head? Agghhh, here is comes again. Zou bisou bisou.
The "handyman" in my house is whistling whilst he patches my drywall. Kinda funny. Oh and he totally looks like my brother in-law.
#RETWEET If You Have Less Than 10,000 FOLLOWES... Follow ----> & And I'll Help You GAIN 250+ FOLLOWERS!! HURRY!
haha r u sure??
Too big to fail has failed.
every time I see a pic of you your always grinning or laughing.. I love it! x :D <3
Got some new work clothes for my interviews! #biggirlstatus 👗
I could watch re-runs of #sexandthecity all day.
I used to live in California.
Don't just decide where you want to go, decide who you want to become...
The AT Conference in North Dakota was great. I had a wonderful time w/ my co-presenters and the participants.
What connor did to 's phone.<<<
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
I didn't look at my computer today it was all about my son today!
We live all the way Live, we finna rock the house like we did last night at SOBE
I DON'T HAVE MY PHONE!!!!! MY MOM TOOK IT AWAY!!!!!! SHE WENT TO 34TH STREET!!!
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
Need a #security #surveillance #installation? Call us for a free #estimate!! December #specials!!
Christy - but again he blogged dethroned princes
Sounds like a lot of people trying to save Greg Davis' job! : Great call by Greg Davis for a Texas touchdown and a 7-0 lead.
- My scars will fade, my wounds will heal . but the truth is I'll never forget how you made me feel </3
I despise whores. Dead ass. They be hurting ppl for mad shit. Smfh
OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3333333333333333
This thing is coming down to the final shot. Will the Heat go for the kill? Or OT?
Appreciate it! :)
is a Tweeting genius // great work for
ha, did u get out?
Can you please follow us :)
will you please tell that marine layer to get the heck out of there for my trip over Memorial Day weekend?
YOUR VIDEO HIT THE WONDERFUL LIGHT I really like like your style LOVED THE CLOTHES YOU LOVE YOUR FAN
Im in love with my background
Thanks so much for the follow, Whitney! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :)
I just smh in disgust, especially when I've attempted to show "that kind" proper form in the past. Too much #ego involved.
They do cable now?
Staying up all night doing homework
...and his sister #SharingIssues lol : Maybe it was HIS cake? lol
I not into my feelings. I just excited about arts and crafts with my nose
Indeed, what the world needs is more meaningful books and films for a better world. INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING delivers just that and more.
(c) "WEAVE! ...weave WEAVE! weave weave weave weave......WEAVE!" haha
Composing & recording more rocking tracks today with Frank Simes & Dave Shelton for LA Post Music...
hey, how are you doin?? IF YOU WANT check our music out, I promise you might like it :) let us know!
You know, he's an alright kind of guy, that
At some point, it has to be about MORE than the sex. Sex isn't LOVE.
Wag more, bark less. #thatisall /via
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123. Make A statement! Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing.
more groups would be a plus, for sure!
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
Getting ready for take off :)
this may be late but, YUCK, don't do it!
Similar but different: Do you know the story about Victoria Beckham and what she said about wanting to be famous?
Good morning aaron. :)
No problem Weez! --> “: man that was dope!!! Much appreciated”
PS What's the label? Any international release? I can view it in a browser, but it's not in the US iTunes store...
"Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success." ~Stephen Covey-
Hahaha, good idea!
I think that she should try competing in competitions, I don't know if she is an artist but, The Adamouski could help
Go Blue!!!
Happy to have Triton Stone of 10801 Plantside, Louisville, KY 502-267-9303 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface® Cleaners.
:) he follows me too
Got a lot on my mind tonight
I know I've never really talked to you... but hi. :)
We'll be there! Thanks!
You still haven't explained what you think those are.
No, it won't.
Happy Mothers Day to all of your beautiful moms🌷💐🌹👩❤
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Mother's out there!!! You all deserve a wonderful, wonderful day!
I hate being a perfectionist when it comes to cleaning this truck.
Thanks for the RT!
Then I put my dick in her ear...
just hope the pick ISN'T Poe.
“: Yea, because that smiley you add just made your break up tweet so much less painful.”
YOUR KIDDING RIGHT!! no im not...YOU BETTER BE.Honestly im not....NO YO R...Im not..-Throws chair at- YES YOU FLUFFIN ARE YOU PHYSCOTIC FUCK
I'M NOT GOING BACK!! ONE OF YOU HAS TO TAKE OVER FOR ME!
haha I got this scheer I got this
You should walk up to Jimenez at the 1st tee and say, "I'm the rain, sorry about your Friday afternoon parade".
its eaiser for you to see him than me tho....
Public bus system ... you need to stop f**king me over.
Just getting food and back to the room. Had to go to drug testing with Ms. Weekes, our bronze medalist, who couldn't seem to go...lol. Gnite
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you
Placed 1st @ the volleyball tournament . Good job ladies ((: ! #jealousloserz !? ..... Think so(;
Allow your self to go with the flow
It is not only about modern luminaires.People need to be offered ways of creating a feeling of well-being in their own homes.
Happy Friday everyone! I am looking forward to some Easter fun with my little guy. :)
Thanks for RT'ing the info from , I'm a big supporter of your work as well.
Hurrah! is volunteering for our Gathering Waters Fest on June 12th! Come and see her at the Fest!
We're having a cast/crew viewing party for on tomorrow, right? #nightoff?
I would love to have the officials kick out every "get in the hole!" guy.
I really want to see a #Clippers and #Thunder Western Conference Finals
Excited to start a new year of choir and get to know the new fam :) Woot!
The company I work for, WilsonHCG will be on the Dr. Drew show (on CW) on 2/13 at 3 pm for "Lifechangers: Putting America Back to work" - p…
Oh crap. As a seahawk fan I can't like the whiners. I wish James will but this is war son. Hope you like getting hit hard in the NFCWest
RT : There's a music revival coming I tell you. It's coming! stay tuned...
hey miranda what you work ?
Can't Ubi pay for it?
"Well said! It's easier to BE than to ACT. : Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?"
Thank you for bringing us some amazing cupcakes! What a great way to start our day!
haha! Dang it! I forgot you had that!
Florida will make 3's. #mubb needs to stop turning the damn ball over.
Could be an all time great draft class if we took hill over glenn in round 2 yesterday
aww you are drop dead Handsome ! *eyes glowing*
BUY TICKETS NOW IF YOU WANT TO SEE LIVE FRIDAY IN NYC
It's a beautiful Friday! Where is your favorite place to unwind after the work week?
Damn Girl Breathe..Tweets Every 5 Secs-
mark Martin would have it made he could just go home and come back when they are done fixing it
I wish I was rich enough I didn't have to wash clothes. I'd just buy new shit.
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Sexy every other tweet. I really don't do it.
talkin' to me?
If you had to kick one social media platform to the curb, which would you toss? FourSquare, Facebook or Twitter?
RT : Companies that engage in real time have 5% better stock.
Thanks for helping us get 25+ new likes in 2 hours!
you will be mine someday.
and i want to see that, let natural selection work for a change. no more bail outs, let greece go back to drachmah, see real pain.
Awesome win ! Glad I stayed up for that!!
who, in your opinion, will Saints go after to possibly replacing Colston & Meachum?
#IKnowYou Wanna express your love for me #IKnowThis. #DontDoIt girl It will only #MakeThingsHarder when you catch me
#snowing in #pdx #springsnow what is this???
I feel it's time to sign off for the night...
time to nap !
My roommate City Biddie got me weak af! Man GOOD TIMES!
Rushing to my death In a cataract of days At the speed of breath
chaksha of wikis - assimilation and/or accommodation - how wikis and students react to change
What do a gynecologist, and a pizza delivery guy have in common? They both can smell it, but they can't eat it!
Why do we need a bill to "ban" members of US Congress from insider trading???
You mean where an unarmed child was followed, accosted, & shot to death?
Choo home run and a double...brantley triple and a single. one of them may hit for the cycle in this game
Good morning! Let's Do This.
Kindle vs. Nook is the newer, much lower stakes, Mac vs. PC.
Thanks to and for supporting Dennis' fight for marriage equality.
u shoulda popped off on her like sheena! lmao UH UH NOPE NOT IN HERE! NO U NOT BOUT 2 TURN OFF BEYONCE!
that's what she said!
Dang these horns are itchy!
Thank you twice, Dave!
I will be on at 7:30 a.m tomorrow. Make sure to tune in!
really hope the red sox do it right tonight and have no pa announcer.
What do Sam Bradford, Josh Freeman, Matthew Stafford, Brady Quinn have in common? QB Coach Terry Shea! His book comes out in May Follow me!
There's not enough guys selling oranges on street corners in Dallas. Sometime the mood for an orange.
Is that your lady? Great pic, you look so gorgeous! :)
How bad could it be that school cafeterias are going to serve meat rejected by McDonald's !!
WT EDITORS: Carol is #reading The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams, a play about "the destruction of a family."
bout to kick it wit today..bout to get wozy lol you hear me, aye sap doe
Damn right i got it !
We're on lock down after this show until the CD is recorded. After that, we'll be destroying the world.
say what? Brandi likes the drama hell she starts most of it
#GirlsShould Go for a guy like hes sweet and nice and so incredibly cute cmon girls think Hes the best it don't get better!
done for prom just bc living through cross pre prom was ridiculous... never seen classier bitches doe! lovelovelovee em
The ILA Web site is undergoing an update and is currently not available. We hope to have it up and running as soon as possible. Thanks...
arm is killing me :(
I want to move to Minnesota so we can hang out for finally.
Qin in the back yard listenin to the game on ...sippin watchin the wind blow the trees ..... foreva i
I wrote a book encouraging young women to wait before having sex, and promotes the 90-day rule. Is 90 days enough time?
I went with my mom and niece to decorate a cake at Sendik's Food Markets today. It was so much fun!
thanks to Beaird Music Group, Inc. for letting me sit in and watch a real live demo session today! amazing process
Steve Fing Blake
Driving with sun roof open and the windows down during a haboob? Michael would :)
Or Florida. I do have letter for Lax for a school in Tampa. That'd be nice
thanks ashley - and love how you're encouraging people on twitter
You headed to the rose?
follow me please<3
Very exciting news! My kids love them as well! The sports edition will blow them away!
Moms ask for chocolate and flowers, but they REALLY want hard liquor.
no deadline, you have lots of time. :)
I just be coolin` | 👩 | ALONE
Congrats to the whole team for the TechCrunch write up!
I am legit laughing at mine and 's texts right now
at the second biggest mall in america<3
"I need you like I need my heartbeat.." <3Justin Bieber
RT : Living your brand. How to use integrated branding for mktg success in/outside your firm
Hope you all have a lovely evening. Goodnight, friends :)
There are people who sit and complain about others who sit and complain. Damn shame.
it would be rude to leave Spacca Nappoli out of the equation.
One can only hope those super rich Clippers fan friends of yours somehow make it to Memphis for game 7 inspiration.
Access to Megaupload data debated
Anybody know where this fair is?
Awake & sifting through a cache of panicky student emails at 5 a.m. on a Sunday. There's not enough coffee in the world for this.
Good point on second thought I'm gonna go tonight with you all
Get your Sunday football fix at The Queen Vic. Cold beer and a Sunday roast. Can't ask for anything more.
Chillin at ruth Chris with the fam...
there goes Arturo ;b
unbelievable filth in
Minecraft Pocket Edition is out for Android! w00t!
I'm still new to this, but hey, I'll give it a shot! Hope I did it right and you get this! :)
We tried our best even if we had to stay up in all hours of the night to get it finished :D
Season 2&3 of How I Met Your Mother are being shipped
Message to Arthur Blank. Your coaching staff lacks creativity & once again has been beaten by smarter, more creative people. Come on Man!
But we're still chatting on #twitter. lol. RT : +1 RT : Definitely best as a team...
It's garbage! I've tried to sit through it, but it's so bad. RT I love it too! Definitely a hater!
“: If possible wrap - but if it's a Chevy - Big Bow it!! #Gifts #ChevyGirls #ChevyFun” AGREED!
Wow! Our next tweet will be our 1000th #tweet . I think that we will give something away to a random person who retweets it.
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend. I spent my with Little Hank Baskett's future wife, Rielle McDowell....:-)
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity they can train people to stand on the edge of the pool and throw them fish.
I hear everything you're saying ;) RT : haha! somebody blabbed. ;)
Have a great New Years KB! See ya at Citi
great home opener! Way to pitch Sox beat the Kitty Kats 5-2
: Hamilton Hebrew Academy Hamilton Ontario pretty Ortho in outlook but I got tonnes of content
Needs To Get Away A Lot On My Mind
Alright. I like Twitter but hate RSS since it is "one more thing to check" (a.k.a. hard to follow blogs) Anyone have a good fix for me?
holy piss I can't wait until July.
mentally preparing myself to be deeply disappointed by
where they do that at?
chopped up not slopped up!
Also, my drawsomething name is the same as my Twitter handle. :D
I miss your, morning kiss
A3 You can use an editorial calendar for your promo posts that align with #marketing, engagement must be relevant and current!
who else careened off a metal grandstand,tried dumbass shots,and triple bogied in rd 4 of a major? Van De Velde
Datalink Deploys Virtual Data Center Infrastructure at Cook County Health and Hospitals System
American League Game Summary - Toronto at Baltimore
. I can think of very few meetings that a governor has whose very existence should be withheld from the public
I totally, totally relate to this...
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
i know, yogo pants are the style thse days i'd wear'em. lmao
I kissed a girl and I liked it.. the taste of her cherry chapstick.. lol gotta love Katy Perry (:
Reading #Bentham. He is way more radical than I remember. Extremely reductive idea of the human. Also, he had his head embalmed!!
suggests it lends an air of authority to seemingly be defined or referenced by another, rather than self.
As Jamison leaves the #Cavs hope that he did a better job mentoring here than w/ JaVale McGee, Nick Young, Andray Blatche, Javaris Critteton
sure thing!
Tax day on a Monday, now that is a rough way to start the week.
Have a great show bro. Give it to 'em.
I will but I'm on following limit I will follow u as soon as I can ok? :)
I guess you didn't watch in 2008 with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin. Or Will Ferrel as George Bush.
Make sure to bring your video camera/iPhone/smartphone to our gig tonight at Commercial Taphouse. We start at 10pm and it's FREE!
As long as you love your self and the decision you make, other people opinion won't matter
o_0? Who the hell last name is White?
Awesome site!- Hoping that can help promote : )
TGIF: Fridays = Free Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn Milwaukee! Who's joining us for Happy Hour after this long work week?
Day 40 of reading a chapter the Bible (Psalms) daily. Reached my first goal. :)
good stuff , show em what you made of , and when ever you come be ready to get beat in 2k aha
80% of life satisfaction comes from meaningful relationships. In the end what really matters is Five words-The Quality Of Your Relationships
Why do girls go to the toilets to do their hair and make up? I mean some people like me would like to wash their hands but can't :/
My mind is 🏃 right now
What delicious recipes are you making for the Super Bowl?
White Chicks Aha.,!
JWP includes singer . Check out both bands!
Those are the only Clemson fans left there Haha.
Philly Fans Suck Ass for cheering on the injury
it does.
#B1G announces Xcel Energy Ctr and Joe Louis Arena to rotate as hosts for conference Mens Ice Hockey Tournament. B1G hockey starts 2013-14
Do you live in ABQ? You should go to CPK and ask for Devon to be your server. Best waiter in the city. And he makes a mean Arnold Palmer!!!
A zillion times healthier! RT Our boss is wearing a pedometer as her resolution. She's passed by a zillion times today!
Thanks for the follow. I hope to read Wishfull Thinking soon.
Sometimes I just can't wait to get out of this house already..
Listening to Beautiful People by Chris Brown is part of my daily routine hahaha.
got any info on the upcoming regional event in StL?
It's 10AM on Sunday and still no call from Rich Miller requesting assistance posting bail. I hope that means he's safe and sound
have you forgotten how cool my grandma tan Malibu is?
whose phone did we take that pic on?
Ill beat a keyboard gangsta's ass! LMAO!! Get fucking real! This aint what you want!
first day of school, feeling pretty good, listened to this century. today I'm just going to be wherever the music takes me :)
you know I live in Huntersville.
Can't wait for lunch so I can be with my friends :-)
We must acknowledge that what we have now is good.
Everyone has his path in life. If a toe wanted to be an eye, all he would see is the inside of a sock. Thus you must follow your own...
remember, #Packers likely to have three 4's as well!
- follow us back - it's ya boy, brandon (running my new sacramento entertainment website!) www.bartenderme.com
Im freakin bored with in this class
On pins & needles: we'll be announcing Indiana's 10 Most Endangered places this Saturday at the #RescueParty. Any guesses?
Lost On LeMans and The Rest Of Us at Gallery13 is gonna be sick, make sure you learn Freshman 15's songs, they're gonna be rad.
weeird. I'm bored as fuck and holy shit luke wants me to go to his band thing next Thursday :( BUUT he said he's almost (c)
Core OS Microsoft Windows Recruiter open for immediate contracts. Mention twitter & receive 30% off rate
Done! Wish I could go...busy day today. :) Have fun!
I completely scrapped my previous story idea so this should be good! at 9 pm w . Hope to see you there !
I try to avoid musicals as much as possible so I haven't seen that.
#nsta12 new ti calculators are too cool. Class set is $4500. Any ideas on grants to help costs?
soul game with my beautiful soulmates!
Meet The Bully a Princeton Love StorySeason 2 Ep 35 - knives kitchen
They look amazing on our walls and are a great way of sharing your creativity with others.
sigh.. You're so right..
I don't even wanna see that weak ass mayweather and cotto fight..I want pacman and mayweather..
Analyzing my research data and we have a difference in mean!! BUT will it be significant? Stay tuned....
Bunkering off Singapore for the night after an AMAZEBALLS holiday at #PangkorLaut. 'Nam/Cambodia (again) this week. Homesick.
Wilson got shook so hard I fell down!
voted for you and spread the word. Is all good in your world or just same old static?
She a dog ass bitch so I gave her a biscuit/she dont like rap so I played limp bizkit!
as we speak is busy editing the wikipedia entry for Critical Race Theory
Congrats to Stephen Lambdin our heavyweight for making the national team. 4 out of our 6 made the team. Not bad!
all fake ppl makin fake accounts of him and he cuss at ppl and y wud the real #Princeton do tht when he
: well done!
dang it. I wanted to watch it
I'm good, thanks. No news. What are you doing?
MT : At #mw2012? Come by Nautilus2 & help map the museum tech landscape. I'm drawing maps all day with & you.
oh too kind. :D
Absolutely loving the Kardashian collection!
Today is beautiful. Time cor some sing writting.
North NJ Chapter get-together in Denver tonite at 7. Peaks Lounge 27th floor of Hyatt.
No i just started sending them out this week. I took the Feb LSAT & all my LOR people sent my letters in late :(
This made us smile. RT : 6 year old asks: "How can music change the world?" And he really wants to know...
This girl in my class is so high. It's actually pretty funny.
"What the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
these are rad. Thanks!
#team Juggarnaut will be back in town tomorrow #cali is the bomb
Don't chase your memories when you can chase your dreams.
Rise and Shine everyone. Happy Monday to you all! and may we all have a wonderful week!
ohmygod if you ever live there i'm moving in with you...
That's the best time to visit our dining halls, then.
aye. You be boucin on my dick! Lovee you girl! ;D
Follow me, ok?
yeah that's a step in the wrong direction. A design refresh is one thing... but whoa
thanks MM
My #FridayReads 'Micro' by Michael Crichton and Richard Preston/'Death Comes to Pemberley' by P. D. James
I'm in LA now and they have donut shops in every corner! Ah!!!! The temptation is a killer.
thanks for following us we need your help to get us out in the world! are you up to the task? we have candy.
Check out therealdealjazz.com/podcast for the latest Real Deal Jazz Podcasts!
I seriously just wanna go home and start over. D;
I'm already losing track of my days and it's not even summer yet.
U alwez had a classy style, including when u covered Parkland/Dallas when I was there. Best Wishes. Esther Bauer
Now guess which rock group is scheduled to play the #ala12 Scholarship Bash....
No, but like actually, if I were a superhero, my kryptonite would be durian.
How 'bout a cover of Gino Vanelli's "Hurts To Be In Love?"
RT : Thanks for a splendid couple of days of learning + bonus of seeing Mudhoney + Shabbaz!
bah! Throw some wine in there, Allen Ginsberg.
would I have to refresh everytime I delete? this has been happening for weeks. I'd rather not have to click that much.
if you want to save 20% first purchase, 10% for LIFE, use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com at checkout every time!
WE HAVE 300 FB FANS! Thanks to everyone for helping us get there!
Tom's last week = Globe Conference 2012. , and are doing tons of formal/informal training sessions.
How have you not noticed this before? Half the songs on BTW are about him.
i like in you your just so gorgeous and i love you to much to let you go and i want you to see what i look like and if you
This is not what it is, only baby scars.
We will unleash the Riot in a little over three hours from now. Come early and come often 7 bbls goes quickly.
A #mensch is one who does her or his part to repair the world. How have you spent your summer in #tikkunolam?
can we use the blink tag too?
Believe it or not, sometimes, it's a good idea to be "as cold as ice." Take, for example, the arctic ground squirrel.
There is a #history of on CNBC right now.
Going to the library later
I have added that to my language recently. Sometimes I make up with reasons to say it. lol I'm learning.
Don't spend a lot of money on premium coffee. Whatever variety, coffee is still coffee.
What's wrong with the Sinister Minister? hehe.
And reading advice
Let's learn to put the past behind us
"Ultimate Vows" screening tonight at Albert's, hit me up!
Pittsburgh, you're a helluva town. Too bad I'm already taken.
u aren't bad!!! U r reallyGood!!! just keep playing and singing and ur dreams will come true btw ur pretty cute.
NBC cancelled "Law & Order:Los Angeles"? What's the deal? The show killed off Skeet Ulrich (for some stupid reason).....
human rights unit & creating PSA videos :)
We'd all be sittin' pretty :)
Yes it was: you guys ROCK!!
I just bought #MISTLETOE and i love it
Got out the car in Brookfield, they got distilled air out here... Lungs appreciate it tho
I gotta solve a tax form thing and do an eval form too, so I can tweet with you while you drudge.
not much just watching a little TV before I shower what you up to ?
Proud of you for the past and future...xo RT Ended a great run with some amazing people today. Tomorrow starts another one!
Unfortunately, I can't make it. I'll be watching the twitters though!
It's amazing what you find out when someone has been holding on to a story for years, and you are willing to listen.
cant believe my second oldest daughter is getting married in less than 30 days ..
WHO WANTS MORE FOLLOW ME AND ILL HELP U GAIN
HAPPY HOUR!!! Everyday from 4-6!
Got a fortune cookie yesterday and it said " its a good time to start something new" wonder what it means. :)
well it's about time.
The cupcakes look amazing, Ivey! Diggin' the makeup cupcakes. 💄
Thanks for the #ff, Laura :) Have a great weekend!
