Haha thanks :D
Off the Hoookah bayside tonight for Vers' video release party for Around the World!!! Performances by Lady M and Vers'...
A tough call to my boss tomorrow, but graduating on Tuesday!! Some crying then some happynes =)
Tweet #WTFIMP N ill email u a DOPE unreleased track!
I believe in you!
Please follow me I love you!
Making networked books ---> 'books move in invisible networks anyway'
Long Hair ? Let me Guess, you dont care?
My moms too worried about my sister to see whats going on with me . Guess she'll never know. No one will.
heat in 4
#LunchAndLearn today at 11:30am ! Today’s focus is on nutrition!
RT Sen : Saving #USPS while shutting down offices & moving delivery further from homes makes no sense.
Thanks guys. People can still register for #PetQuest until 5pm CST today. We'll play at 7:00.
got to my destination on farwell outside of early! come taste some tasty fresh juice--great deals today ;))
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
If I was Yur Girlfriend ... ;)
Definitely make a copy for yourself!!! I did!
haha. Ok! So what's up?
just won the Writing Program Certificate of Excellence at #4c12! U of South Florida is *that* cool.
Just a question: are not all politicians "corporate" politicians except for Sanders and McGovern and...?
hey I have to turn in the raffles. How many you want and for the tv or coach gift card
Deepest Sender was very pleasant to use for posting one text-only blog post.
Yeah so true ": yeah Duncan has never played to the media. They are all pretty humble guys. That helps."
I listened to the game here in USA in portuguese. Great result. 97.3 WJFD Fall River MA.
Lane with a deep fly ball to the right field fence, two outs for Michigan. Runners at the corners, UW leading 4-3.
looking forward to the talk at Powell's tonight!
i want imagines can you do one of me plz thank you
with summer in full swing, what's on your MUST DO list?
#Heat game is a tad more exciting than #Marlins game.
Did Harvey go riot to get those. does he also know that he is not only white, but jewish? Wrong shoes man.
just slapped this nigga for spitting on him while he talks lmaoo
Tune in to tonight from 10-2am for Fri. Night Flava hosted by C-Lo! Dope beats to bump on your way to club or party!
hell ya u going to the beach today?
Would a #painting #company offering financing change your mind in hiring us? Let us know!
we wrote this song foryou, we hope you like it, we really do♥.
everybody i have a singing groupp called the the lol gurlz . tweet mehh if u like the name .
Sounds awesome! I'll make sure to keep my eye open for you on the show. :) Hope you have fun!
I need to cut down the amount of food I eat in a day by like 99%
yes i go to evans
He turns all of his injuries into strengths, that which does not kill him makes him stronger, he is superman.
makin a song called stuck not calin my boo anymore-Tamya:P
You can support envy protege by visiting the face book page "Envy Protege Designs" and pressing "Like" <3 thank You <3 Blessings
Never heard from about internship interview. Word is, in like, 5 months I will get a rejection email. Great. :/
Thank you!!
Nuggets Chris Andersen has been excused from all team-related activities indefinitely as he deals with the reported investigation.
I am sorry about Joe's sister. Have a wonderful time in Quebec and let's get together when you get back.
thanks katie!!!
Is it supposed to be a DC-3?
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as "dirt bags". Overheard on radio scanner last night. no bullshit, no joke!
please reply/favorite/retweet this! <21 ;^)
Holy cow. Rob Lowe on Lifetime, with the teaser line "I'm untouchable, bitch." And, a mustache. A 1980's dad mustache.
I always thought gluten allergies were for idiots, but now I think I might have one!
Sat next to two hobbits at dinner!
Why should we laugh at you?! This is something serious.
The difference between a bitch and a whore: A whore will fuck anybody. A bitch will fuck anybody but you.
My dog is so lovely can't imagine waking up without her snuggling me!
thank you, and you as well! :)
#GreysonYoloTweet GREYSON DOES KIM AND MADI'S MILKSHAKE MAKE YOU GO TO THEIR YARD?!
😏 RT : I'm a Scorpio, that should explain a lot.
no one is at the library, including the people i was suppose to study with over 40 minutes ago
says how your library is funded & Board chosen should be on website
I'm lying in bed, feeling like I'm somewhere over Denver. The stars are out. Such a clear night.
That's what you do best.
Gearing up our promo guys & girls hoping to work with you guys for the awesome promo gigs! Drink smart!
I love how all you do is ignore me and then go off thinking everythings fine. #smh -_-
My boy Inge! What a game for him!
: Please no.
Josh Hamilton is all that is man... And I'm not even a Rangers fan. He hits baseballs real far and then gives the glory to God.
Your face. I like that shit.
Welcome Chris Albon from "ICTs Can Improve Governance"
40 years ago we received about 500 messages a day – now it’s can be up to 8000 a day. Lofton
sorry for the delay, you caught me checking in on foursquare and pinteresting
so true. I just seem to have a selective memory. ;-)
well i was seeing iif you wanted to go out! Haha. But hey i dont have your number anymore do u have mine?
thinks a park party is in order very soon. www.myspace.com/dubhelix
It's coo. I'm pretty sure that I'm one too.
Absolutely not.
Thanks for the info, Craig!
RT for #TurnToYou is dedicated to all the single moms out there:) make them feel special on #MothersDay ❤x
I have a few of those! Hilarious
I have seen so many doppledangers(sp?) Around Beantown lately, it's crazy.
Um... Yeah, I dunno why, but Im crying from laughing so hard because Im reading 's tweets.
Boulder now up 6-5 over Fairview after a 5-run fifth.
"The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do."
OH MY GOODNESS!! SHE WAS CHEWING GUM WHILE PERFORMING ON THE VOICE! #goodvoicebutwhodoesthat???
Cher Loyd is a goddess...
LACDA is having their Eighth Anniversary Retrospective 7-9pm tonite; prints, video & interactive media 102 W 5th St
Good Morning Salt Lake City!
m soylent beans
Good morning all
Have you heard.... "He who wants milk should not sit himself in the middle of a pasture waiting for a cow to backup to him." Don't wait DO!
Sorry, we will not c u at the Cbus show. What other shows u do? What are the biggest ones?
lol he will miss prom
Learn how to get found online in search engines, blogs, social media
Comment I received on personal site (1/2): "Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in reality was a amusement account it."
OH NO!! I'm so sorry! Is she trying to make y'all do math yet? Just wait SHE WILL
not even kidding haha
sure.. Actually we have spring since march I think.. In july summer starts, in September autumn and December winter starts
no it looks like a pimple papi..not that bad!
Don't forget Tico's us open until 7pm tonight!
lol I wonder what will trend this time!! ;)
i got a where the wild things are ornament
The state of my mental health is proportionate to my beard length. And I need nose-hair trimmers, damn it.
Lots of our photos are awkward but none of them are funny.
I am so ready for summer.
please let me know your thoughts about my fedora/#pubmedia post -- i'm trying to figure out what it takes to make it viable
Uh... You're kinda late on this one for today...
If you do every day it gets better over time :-)
Cracked my phone. bullshit
I photographed 198 artists in 2011. Not a bad year...
we ain't scared of the heels. Jb never loses to Roy Williams
oh shit . i thought you only met them once lol
Hate to say this but I'm team this year on rupaul. Girl you best WORQ
Brrrr... What's with the weather today?!
Home resting.. :-)
man I suck at creating good ambient spaces in a mix. any tips from the pro's out there?
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Happy Presidents Day! Spending my day off in the library working on my eportfolio... or pretending to...
Is it time to get your pink on? You can w/a win in the raffle! 2-$50 gift certificates from ready & waiting!
GoodNight!<3 OMFG! ALEX just called us his Loves <333 ahh' I just died (;
I think we can learn much from much from young people and social media from this region
Not from me. I regularly questioned all the hate. So counterproductive.
#5ThingsICantStand 4. The shows on Disney right now. They all suck..Im watching Kenan and kel and all that(:
hell yea bro you already know! Got this bubba kushy and its smelln musty
Italian week at J.S.Edwards. Join us for Italian wine tasting on Thursday, November 12 at 5 to 8 pm.
Agreed! Follow a face, not a logo on #SM via
Dear Ohio State, I believe in you! Make it (you don't even have to win) to the final and I win my march madness pool! I dream...
I just entered the #chicBuds giveaway. I hope I win!!
Why are people coming to Bj's in this weather 😡
momma's day dinner: bbq rib eye w/ Benziger Syrah. Eat my <3 out!
Thankful to all that have served this great country.
It's finally Friday! Just a reminder that tomorrow night is my last night I'm taking a short pause in April.
ash ah yes....belmont...the bears....
ah, Saturday again. I only have one huge job today and then I am off to a BBQ to enjoy some cold beer and the UFC 100!!!
interesting! Does stock go up through drafts/wins/yardage?
Thanks to u know who. :)
used to be/we had eyes evanescent as the tide,/fluctuating at the whims of a tinfoil summer moon. vol vii. buy it now. www.polyphonyhs.com
Ha! Please, no reason to apologize. That was nothing compared to how much I talk about Skyrim on a daily basis.
solid after a shaky 1st set (you & were solid the entire time!), playing in a goddamn sauna
Thank you, did you try it? It was good clean advice after all.
Remember what it was like to watch football without the yellow first down line? Yeah, me either.
Lol! U don't drink kool-aid?
I met Ed Sheeran, Your arguement is invalid.
My mom is making me apply at her work. That equals waking up at 6 every day all summer. And filing papers and stapling and getting coffee.
will do - see you then!
that shirt is hilarious!
*Press a toy in the store* *won't stop making noises* Walk away, walk away.
As humans we tend to get so caught up with the"WHAT WAS" we don't pay attention to the "WHAT IS" Live In The Now.
Religion riskier than porn for online viruses: study
Editing pics and later will post at fb
we in tha studio smoked out
RT: Last day of !!! Come to the tent and make memories.
I'm actually watching a hockey game. What am I doing with my life?
Geez. Eff that. You anchoring the morning show or what?
Why is it that no matter how many you good plays you make, it's the horrid misses that stay with you??
just did. whatcha gonna do!? haha
Earthquake in the DC area. -- I hope you didn't have any damage. Stay safe!
Pressure cookers are fucking horrifying.
Im good! Im check cuz I can feel things sometimes. Reach out any time u'd like.... :)
Wondering what to get friends this holiday? Lucky you- is Taking the Black Magic out of Black Friday: bit.ly/sror2e (cc )
Waking up is the most awful thing ever.
father/daughter bonding while watching crossroads. he's singing all the jimmy buffett songs, i'm singing all the zac brown band songs :D
So special.
You know, London is probably my #1 place I want to visit.
A great reflection! : What gifts have you received during the day that you can be thankful for?
Good Morning!!! Blessed to see another day. Hope you all have a wonderful day. Be
#3wordsofAdvice don't call first!
waiting in the pit of hell aka in
: You have such a beautiful smile <3
How does James harden still not start
Just wooookeup. I watched 2 goodass movies lastnight,leftover pizza for breakfast,&heard that the night after new years..I'm still partyingx
“: you get decidedly mediocre haircuts RT : You get way too offended and angry about things.”⬅⬅owned. Lol
Kinda thinking Tim brought some bad karma after his no show at white house. Karma Tim...ugh....
It's cold, dark... You need some #BaconWrappedDates to cheer you up...!
it's dry dry dry. And hotter than we hoped but it's not Lafayette.
they're beatable kilbourne went up 6-0 and from there it got ugly ended up 42-21
Lose with dignity!!! GO CITY!!!!
I'm looking for contemporary fiction that rewrites or responds to canonical novels. E.g. Jane Eyre & Wide Sargasso Sea. other pairings...?
gotta get you well for Convention. :)
Business Travel Mag Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Ik they are, they look crispy..I cant wait till mine come in..I was soo scared on the website tho lol
Don't wait too long to come back and visit. Until then, keep making me laugh with the updates.
I apologize for excessive tweeting right now, but I'm so hyper!
Some people need to be on beyond scared straight.
What is a 'Glee'?
k I will as soon as I get back home
I'm watching the same movie! #officespace Toggling between that and He's Just Not That into You.
ALL nigga's want is PUSSY !!! Lmfaoo mf.s begging females & shit Like wtf ! Nigga beat yo meat & get it over with! damn! SHAME!!! #TRAGIC!!!
Im not really into cowboys but sometimes a few make my head turn
Going to the mets at the giants tonight let's go mets hopefully this year I can see the full game instead of one inning
ALL NITE LONG....
Is H in preschool? My son's Montessori school is having a water experiment camp in July and I'm going to sign B up.
lol I see y'all foo
Don't waste your time on me, you're already a voice inside my head.
Tomorrow Night at Westerville; Into to Mountaineering at 6PM. Cost is $5; any questions, or to sign up call 614-818-3620.
Just realized if #Bobcats lose to #Knicks on Thursday, it would be 23 straight losses. Quite appropriate for a Michael Jordan team.
I miss my phone
For everyone who's constantly annoyed by 's success, he just got retweeted by Rozay. So i guess we can go fuck ourselves now
wow I would be so freaking scared lol
Gross RT : Reminder: Alex Rodriguez makes roughly $50K per at-bat.
i love your photo, just wanted to let you know.
ah okay :D I live in LA :)
hahahahaha dude we need to camcult
Our pleasure!
Open your heart, not your legs.
Now I wanna have 2000 tweets !!! Help me guys :D ♥
NO! “: BREAKING NEWS: ESPN is reporting the Colts and Peyton Manning are parting ways.”
#Quartz verses #Granite countertops -who has a preference?
Technology is only as good as the people using it. - Brian Conley
IN Quotes: "Joy is your inner guidance system."
Who has a playstation3
What?! Why?! Scandal is THE HOTTEST THING on #ABC!
"It is not length of life but depth of life." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
She could kill me with her tits.
Coming to Vegas in a few weeks. Stay tuned for more details! RT NO! come hang out in Vegas with me!
Is it time to leave yet??
I come home in morning light.....
Incredible day for mid-March. Almost 70, sunny, light breeze. Even warmer tomorrow and our club opens for the season. Happy days!
Hater: "I rather die than choose Mahone.." Me: *Pulls out a knife or a gun* That can be arranged! :)
RT : #WhatWouldTomDo - Take a beating for a woman, not take women's rights away
thanks donna! looking forward to seeing u! :)
only people who follow both of us see this, or people who check your stream (really rare among most twitter users)
Orders are nobody can see the great Oz! Not nobody, not nohow! - Guardian of the emerald city gates, the Wizard of Oz
u have to find a way to top the Zepplin song, try Bad Co. Feel like making love in practice & others. U have soul girl. Sing!
it's not supposed to be funny
Loving Joyce Manor so much right now.
Finishing up the day with some tea and Mockingjay. Goodnight.
What Coach Beast just said! >>>>
Have to go make dinner. Would rather be tweeting :)
Still not too tired tho.
Feels weird not having Facebook now.
in my bedroom w/door shut, hear a few words of so sick in livinroom scream"i know that voice! Austin!"come runnin from room...
I looked at it yesterday. She ain't saying much.
Lmao I'm hilarious.
If you would rather just cover up your thinning hair, you can find an array of hats, scarves and head wraps from which to choose
omg i need some followers like asap including you LOVE UR MUSIC HOPE U SEE THIS
Man with carrots in his ears goes to the doctor, "Doctor, I can't hear!" Doctor replies, "You're not eating right." *badum psshht*
At Bay Creek about to get awesome..
Seems like her intention was molding the youth and scolding the brutes.
I enjoy cash back too. Major change dispensers at my gym.
I think you can make money improving hc or by maintaining status quo. We should call out the latter
I wonder who the first person to fly through a cloud was. What if some of them were solid?
How did you here about us? Where? :P
“I have identical twins, only 1 got Autism. Shots are a factor not a cause. Vaccines that use mercury do not cause autism
- i did? That's awful! I really hoped your bday sucked out loud.
introduce yourself next time your in and I will buy you a beer. Ask for Brad Todd. Did we find your card?
Sub for 4 block :-)
#tech2012 consumers have no clue what tradeoffs they're making because there's no privacy-oriented competition.
Wanna see a movie for FREE? of course you do, Show this tweet, get a pass for two to a preview of Wahlberg's new movie CONTRABAND, Jan 10th
A must for coaches and Thanks for free tips
AVOID girl!
ChiponDeals approved fare. RT : Bag of salty peanuts and a Bud heavy on the golf course for the St. Francis outing.
#ghlive Always, always.
I will let you know! ;) ... Love your music! cc/
gotta go..time to go sling some ink..gotta do this mon-wed..bouncing at the white horse lounge thur-sat..later
RT : In Charlotte NC viewing #slnsolsummit webcast! Hi to & all!
good luck in the race today!!
#CV Public Safety Subcommittee meeting coming up Wed. at 6 pm at Norman Park Sr. Center. Agenda: police staffing; banning 'Spice' drugs
Wow, Thanks for response. Look forward to see what you have in store.
Got an audition for a magician scene!
haha idk and the other was just a local Syracuse band
My boi got 8 years for mortgage fraud smh...I'm gone miss his thievin ass
this is all so very exciting! What was your fav part about paying with levelup? Speed?Paperless receipt? Light changes color?
I'm not gonna tweet y'all what just said!! CTHU
Watching "The Devil Inside". Totally making sure cute boy gives extra cuddles tonight.
So what is salad cream here?
Oh well
can you help me get followers? i have 12 :/
"The best investor is your customer."
yeah and it's his first art show ever...he definitely has a lot of talent!
haha no i live in wm again but all i have to help me during the day is my grandfather when he aint at the stupid club
Shut up and stop being passive aggressive over the internet this is a joke
Feeling pretty good this morning :)
Thanks for the #FF. Love what you post!
Julius, The Baby of the World by Kevin Henkes: Step off--only I can talk noise about my little brother!
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
whoever my customer service rep just was and just rebooked me, deserves high praise. Saved me from sleeping in DET airport.
Doing test runs on these Pillowcases again!! Anyone interested DM me! See pics in previous post!
Thanks for hanging in there. MT : A belated thank you to who brought dinner and to for a coat.
Any ladies have a good suggestion on where to get a good pair of jeans?
thanks for the follow!!!!!
Well, let us know if there's anything we can do for you. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
On the road again... West Coast here we come...
I loved the improved gameplay of Prototype 2. But damn, the game story's mind-numbingly repetitive. I'm talking auto-pilot. ()
Player Watch Marcus Knight senior guard for Gar-Field H.S. in Woodbridge, VA. Leading Gar-Field H.S. (22-0) .
thanks my camera on my phone sucks! Ugh
I also love that I'm "The Sultan of Smoothi" as if I go to smoothie places all the time :)
RT : Let's start this hashtag today #IHelpHomelessPetsBy ... making it my life's work to make our community a better place for them.
Governor Perdue released her budget which restores $43 million in funding to early childhood education programs.
I will keep your secrets.. your secrets are safe with me..
Saw John Carter today, it wasn't really a bad movie.
#orphans8 up next: Jaime Partsch presenting on the films made by Governor Jesus Pinero
Sapient Sync - A place to share interesting ideas - Sync Blog - Fire ...
the defund planned parenthood candidate? the no repeal of don't ask, don't tell candidate? the no on wall st. reform candidate?
hey love
Lol sophomore year has been the worst year yet
I want the lipstick or gloss u have on at the reunion please tell what it is!
Twitter just took offense to my spazzing apparently lol
#Bbl Getting In The Shower!
If you aint movin up in the world, then youre a bottom feeder, Its a Kold Reality, I hope you got a Heater
... and a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
Bull! L.A. is just full of plastic automatons. Everyone from there is lying to you.
Vince Lombardi~ Those who have invested the most are the last to surrender.
Yep! Saw your entry.
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself. -Johnny Carson
Brunch is served
When a box says "easy open" and I end up using scissors, a knife, a hammer, a gun and my lightsaber to open it.
At Fire on the Mountain having dinner with some friends :)
So the locals are acting like fools on Wisconsin lol. I need a camera
What flavor did you make?
#CincoDeMayo #caps game AND #KentuckyDerby all in one day... WOAH now. talk about
me too
Well captured. Thanks for the tweet.
yeh it is
That's great news! You are hot. I Love LA RT i'm back cali
Capitalism has ruined community, family and land traditions
I'm working on a story about a dead race horse.....So I'm looking for hilarious race horse names. Email them to .
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.
I would love to get to know u better,your more then welcome to call or text am/pm 5038476149 my name is ireesha
soo sad nobody even bother to txt mee..i really feel the love:(
Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" and follow me? (: 😒
You are blessed! RT : LOL!! mine are sleeping. :)
Following the high value Tweets from and
You're a great person
RT : Confession: I saw the Sex & the City movie. Question: How much did Abu Dhabi pay to replace NY as the "City"??
Praying for you tonight. God loves you and so does the church!
Last chance 2 win! Register 4 today 2 get entered for a free massage, baked goods, yoga sessions or subscription 2
Come help me celebrate tonight at 3rd and Lindsley with Mingo Fishtrap..
Good morning and good night......
Its Raining :) -A
Russell Brandt / Katy Perry. This makes me sad. :(
Thanks sister. It is and I am dragging. Appreciate you checking in today :) Hope you have a nice weekend.
but they said you got the wrong one baby, the new generation is pushing up some daisies.
I would honestly watch that show for the same reason! I love criticizing stuff like that too. :>
Hah! Early stages of building a syllabus, actually, rereading, sifting, sorting.
Hahah!! Hey Brandon Get Yur Ass Here In Cali!!
OH: LETS LOOK FOR #DTF TAG ON PINTEREST!
Getting ready to be a judge for a pageant happening tomorrow. Super excited!
Anyone in Miami have an iPad I can use for testing? If so, let me know!
I don't need a friend, I'm all about my kids!! Haha, they dictate my life lol.
Thanks for all of the recommendations (Foursquare, Yelp, Facebook, UrbanSpoon)! We DO read them and appreciate the love!
so yelling about your vajayjay in Michaels is good? U'r like a krazy Kardashian
#fourwordsaftersex Are you kidding me?
. just got his camera yesterday and has already made 2 videos. I got mine a few months ago and made none. I hate myself.
The person hit my car so hard that it's glass on type of my car from the mirror.. How you pull out my driveway that fast!? 😖😒
We should talk about how to change this! I have lots of ideas!
Going back to the money
Waiter Shawn is too funny. Totally in the #end of world spirit. Wants to know if we are zombie prepared.
lol ive never heard of it either
Thank you!
Thx also to - much appreciated.
- Get out here to The Gym in Humble..Camby and others have been here checking out the H-Town Classic. Not sure about the ladies.
Of course they report the soldiers' injuries, & report it 1st. It's #Israel radio, that makes sense. But not ONE WORD abt the Palestinians?
Thanks for following us back and for your info-graphic.
It's all good though cuz I got a really soft blanket
What did you give up for lent? Honestly. For real. Really.
lol “: I didn't think Rick Santorum believed in pulling out.”
Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!
I been sick in the bed all day. So mad I missed it :( Pictures look like it cracked!!!
Talk that dress rite up off her body !!
want me to tell you a joke?
I lean towards never. He knows what's a stake here. Really disappointing. Not a Ross Perot degree of damage, but revealing.
Horrible start to 2011 campaign
wanna watch the with me tonight
M bop on
Big game tonight...gotta have this one!
if by "SUCKS" you mean "is the coolest girl EVER" then yes, I agree.
Who's
love u too..have fun
So true! RT A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with the wind.
i see these niggas with the jaws on the floor over these bitches i kno and i b thinkin , only if he really saw her in person . lol.
Happy Children's Book Week #CBW and Teacher Appreciation Week!
Bugs bunny just rolled a doobie on TV
when you become famous dont forget to invite me
i wanna throw a natty light at a cop car
One day away!
Hi Connie, I'm a fan of yours from the States. :) I loved listening to you sing when you were tiny and i still love it now.
I feel bad for telling that bum to get a job now I regret it
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 17
Job searching to a whole new level today!
Happy Birthday Sweetie!
A True Blood, B Negative, please.
Daily update!!!!!!
Thank you, Lord.
Rob Dyrdek tries so hard to be funny, it makes me feel uncomfortable every time I watch it.
Reading for discussion on changing #media landscape. If you have any relevant articles or thoughts, I'd definitely love to get them.
If you actually want to see us why don't you come visit? Families aren't just supposed to have fucking relationships over Skype.
Instagram is getting annoying with this constant not refreshing thing it likes to do.
There's a hell in every hello. Be careful. There's a good in every goodbye. Be grateful.
for your sake i hope you where using some Mesquite in there so it smells like a BBQ shak LOL
There's a light you can walk in if you choose to
I feel pretty crappy. Yay for the side effects of benadryll! :/
+ spinach, parsley, half lemon, - the kiwi but I think that'll taste yum! “: Kale, green apple, kiwi @ what else?”
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans ... - International Business Times
Much love given right back babe! :)
#Siri just quit on me. Something about to much dirty talk. . .
8 Mile is on TV. It's a movie. RT if you have watched this movie, or you are watching it, or you are aware of it. 8 Mile.
Xtravaganza EXCLUSIVE : Chelly - I took the night !! Right now on . Thx
Obesity is not an eating disorder, it's a body measurement.
we couldn't. Too much traffic.
Need a poster made for your movie? #follow for affordable indie & feature film advertising!
Writing a dystopian commentary on history for my final history project is ok if the teacher is a huge nerd and loves fantasy...right?
PLEASE tell me UR going 2 play Rita Wilson's album on air.Yes, Tom Hank's wife. Her label is "T.Hanks for the Awful Music".
It's getting great buzz. I'll let you know Monday. And I vote for Thor as strongest Avenger. ;)
For Black History Month the Heller College of Business at Roosevelt University Presents: Emmett T. Vaughn, Director, Diverse Business Emp…
wow! This takes the phrase ”don't fall in” to a whole other level...hahaha
We will be bidding a fond and temporary farewell to Mango Sorbet and Pomegranate Energy next week. Make sure to stop by and enjoy some!
If I disagree with my wife or another woman is that a "war on women"? Why is everyhing reduced to a"WAR"?Unravel this please!
Congratulations to Sorors and for successfully completing their McNair Research presentations today! Z-Phi!
I have a crush on the bass player.
*interrupts conversation*
Time for a morning hike
Brainstorming ideas for business/technology partners for a new math/science grant... Any suggestions/connections?
Happy Friday to you too! Glad you are feeling better...hope you have a fantastic feel-good weekend!:)
I have a gay project to do by Friday. gay.
This is gonna take longer than I thought.
Thanks to all of our friends and supporters who joined us for an awesome time at #spagdisco last night! It was a blast!
great chatting at #CES, it's nice to meet the real person behind the blog. I hope you are enjoying the show!
Sweet. Wish I would have thought of going. I won't ask you where you're watching it. Hopefully in St. Pete
“: Three #Preds goals have been over turned by the "officials" in the #NHL playoffs.” = BS!!!
That's true. Caro's book and videos are really helpful. And yeah Hellmuth should have >11 bracelets if his principle is true.
Only SA would get this hype bout Future coming on a Wed night -_-.......
doors at 6 leaving now
No fuck this
Be a best friend, tell the truth. And overuse "I love you". Go to work, do your best. Don't outsmart your common sense.
Great, I am glad you got it figured out! :)
June 25-July 4. So it's coming up this weekend.
Whoa, Jenna swore on twitter.
srsly? did u forget me? :(
Looking forward to the new year!!!
& so was Alex, doing the lean wit it rock wit it.
We were down in Chicago this morning and came home to an email from Colorado. That's what we call a water SCORE!
good one asssholesss
Your shows hve to be tight, a sloppy show just shows you're not ready.
He left me today.... I miss him.
Listening to a phone-tap
Everyone go follow
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
She already thought geek when she married you. /
forever misunderstood---that shoulda been my name...momma ain't know
still lots of time playa.
Working hard with the CPCT crew! Gotta get this place ready to go for opening on Friday!
You bet, Phil. Can't wait for more chances to hang with you and the rest of the this season!
Ah...I love it when stuff works.
Dead tired all day yesterday, finally got my brain to shut off & fall asleep @ 12, but forgot to reset my internal alarm. So - G'mornin
Stunning that Boehner says we need to reduce uncertainty and in the next breath threatens a US default.
Hello, Thanks for joining me on Twitter.
I'm listening to
Having to pee but not wanting to get up <
I like that :)
holy shit dude it's already hilarious
": One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - BM"
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there except tina fuck you Tina and your bratty kids.
Should I finished the hunger games book or wait for the movie? I have 30 pages left..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Children's criminal conduct is dealt with in the civil Family Code, and in civil instead of criminal court.
We need to do something about all this rain!
Yes, we call it in a script if you don't want it on the page.
Less than 24 hours till the official date release for the 87th Annual Diplomatic Ball! STAY TUNED!
True. Maybe that's a separate gift from GTTV since it was mention on their show? Don't know who we should contact about that.
yes :( I've had the worst fever in my entire life the last 2 days, haven't eaten anything since Monday, and I can't stop coughing.
haha;p I should do it sometime!
Boston is the best city on earth!
*sat in traffic
"We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail but years later, an idea can still change the world.".
#ireallywant to flex flex flex *waka voice*
worst.joke.ever... And yet I still chuckled
Duty says she's 'strongly considering' running for DA
Think I need to change my background.
Are ever coming to Seattle?
Sirens, SWAT team, sniper, standoff...#tenderloin living
Up til 2:30AM taping auditions. Coffee, you are my only friend.
1/22/1777 to J.P. Custis: I do not think that any Officer since the Creation…had such…difficulties & perplexities to encounter as I have
yo that bitch looks like Skrillex
The reception on #WBGO from Queens only improved marginally with the new antenna. Is there a problem?
i did good and just finished this awsome cat drawling im putting it up on the wall now i will put the cat picture up in a little bit
Easy there, babe ruthless...
you got a massage??
Home sweet home
wait YES!! Elvis Presley did, he even married her.
RIP DONNA SUMMER and thanks for the music and memories!
FYI, I went with Chocolate brownies and Alain LeFevre's Cadenza LP.
someone say Disney? Love it there.
any place to watch the presser?
“: Sunday is off to a great start. Epic follower add in #stayclassy” - A true Gentleman to say the least
What ’s in your Wallet
and if it's up to $25, can you order 2 things? One for lunch and one for dinner?
If you wish to marry suitably, marry your equal. Ovid (BC 43-AD 18) Roman poet
I guess I don't visit enough... I can't tell the difference.
Talented Mickey Rourke in Conan The Barbarian, opening this weekend... who's going to see it? SpeedReels likes action... and talent.
this is VERY surreal
my read it later for tonight... nice record for Mr. Jeter and the Yankees.
Seeing great examples of how text-mining can save lives (by finding associations & possible risk factors in literature aggregations)
Woke up twice last night. 1. A tiny earthquake. 2. Matthew texting me about partying in King Louie's hot tub. Wild night for planet earth.
I love Berlin because everything is on time. It's so much better than U.S.!
we are going as best friends! I lug you too beat friend! ;)
Oral Health affects overall health. TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH! Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste & Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Ate at for the first time with egg/dairy/peanut/tree nut allergic daughter, using allergenmenu.com. Excellent experience!!!
Colossians 3:13 --- Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgives you.
Forever and ever
#Pineda a golden sword; the #BlueJays a tray of radishes.
Happy first day on the new job and !
YES!!!!!!! Come grab a burger if you want at the sig house
YES!!! I totally do this!!!
I'm coming for you...hope you still have Duvel glasses left.
good luck and have fun!
Tuesday? #tuesday!
One Direction free show in London wut wut iTunes festival say wut now where when why how.
she is lying.
Unease Mounting, China and U.S. to Open Military Talks
FAQ sections tend to be über useful on mobile sites
Who else wants my 6000th tweet ? c:
Kate, please tell Starr so she can shut the hell up!
Mother's Day is coming up! I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero. You are
Breakfast treat for Desperately Seeking the Exit: VOICE CHOICE in and RECOMMENDED in Good Odds! 🍅
Watching the Big Idea with host Donny Deutsch! Then I go nighty-nighty!!
What is the cross for me today but the death and disappearance of the very thing I thought was good and solid? 1 Corinthians 1:18-25
Audience question, what about #rent #inflation? It leads to instability.
#tweetupbash Good to see you Robby!!
Looking forward to it. MT 12p Sunday FOX: to talk abt the controversy over R-rating for "Bully" documentary.
Ikr some fuckers just make me smh big time
you're gonna look gorgeous! Love you! :)
The devil
Bazooka Joe (aka Corey Hart) with a nice grab in chilly Wrigley Field
Had a wonderful birthday . Thank u dad for my car . And thank u lord for my healthy daughter
Watching the rest of this showw then carrying my ass to sleep.
Lol he doesn't get it RT : I'm Ignoring You, Why Do You Keep Writing Me On Facebook And Calling. .
Thank you and yeah I will have a great weekend! :)
Just layed in the tanning bed and got back out and about froze. Its so cold!
back to the grindstone, lunchtime pushed back a couple hours today.....looking forward to a date with final cut today though
We love him too! Thanks for listening!
It's amazing watching you follow your dreams and end up on Ellen today :')
Ball so hard doctors wanna find me
welcome back and good recovery.
has anyone proposed a netflix like streaming channel with indies teamed as content suppliers?
"Tweet It Now" is TONIGHT at 6:30 pm at Studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 non-members. Refreshments at 6:30, talk at 7 pm.
Nicely done, Juan - congratulations on getting LBJ's 'graph & a pic w/ !
Honoring Elouise Cobell as a Woman of Distinction Business Award
haha indeed! If I wasn't working me and prob would be too!!!!
Yeah, sorry about that. Apparently we didn't brew enough last time, so we have a double batch of T20 in tank now.
where is mine?
The Next Big Thing Sits with The Man Behind The Shades in NY. Country Music's American Anthem , Press Kits , and Epks available
#screams cucuiiiiiiiii and giggles
If you really knew me...
RT : #Taurus likes you better if you are patience and considerate.
Happy Martin Luther King Day! Celebrate with our half price gourmet beef burgers and happy hour specials from 4-7pm!
Yay hope you do well! #mamavation for days!
Thanks for following back! :)
Great meeting you last night, too! You have a great organization. I'll tell all my lady friends to join.
I think you tried TO HARD get over yourself
That speed Boat knocks over here!!
My God. Cotto
I love Georgetown because of the people. I feel that I am in a community with people who understand me.
Kevin Smokler "You have to determine what's unique about your space, and it's not the fact that you sell books." #toccon via
... Roger Clyne & the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world. Can't wait to see them at Water Street next month.
That's a good idea but we feel like benefit shows should be more important than just helping us earn money to tour.
I'm cursed when it comes to relationships, I'm serious. Someone rub an egg on me or feel free to throw holy water on me in public.
. < what attorney does that?
I need to start using this more.
sorry we're going to miss you for the show! Hope we get to see you in soon for something else.
You are a woman of infinite sense and wisdom. :)
i love denim. and today I realized how much it pains me to not be allowed to wear it to work.
What Am I supposed to think now?
Sat, see u there....
Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?
I say give in
I half know the feeling =)
It’s gonna happen, so keep ur seatbelts fastened, ignite the passion and keep on jammin’!
Gearing up for the #Stlouis #Halloween10K hope to see everyone there, you won't want to miss our costume.
Totally right. Romney wasn't the reluctant hatchet man in an otherwise benevolent org. Bain's purpose is vulture capitalism.
you should try gold bond.
I swear I just saw a woman with a full-fledged beard & I almost tipped over my glass of water I was so surprised.
I'm nOt sure what I like cept beer :)
LEARN from the tear that follow
I think he though he fixed it with a tube of caulk. But it's a lot more than that. And he didn't disclose any of it.
Before Google, there was memory.
Heading to Post45 Conference in Cleveland/RockHallofFame this afternoon, crazy weather permitting.
Go see WAITING FOR GODOT at IUS this weekend! There's a show at 8pm tonight! Student tickets $6!
The elder Coram has more issues than a newsstand. Perhaps more than me.
GIANTS WIN!!!
What galls me is, due to an inept police dept.,the only way Zimmerman can be convicted is the jury ignores the lack of evidence.
23 days till #coachella!!!! can. not. wait.
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
We're having technical difficulties but are working on it. We hope it will be back up soon.
And meireles makes it two! Let's have everyone suspended next weekend score eh?
I'll RT yours if you pl RT icarefhs.com We help the Dev. Disabled reach their self determination goals.
Yeah, this week stank. Mainly it's been tech breakdowns that I cannot do anything about. I just want to cuddle w/ my Kindle
Just bout' to lay down, listen to music & murder these crackers Lbs!
I disagree with the placement of Vonnegut, who I frequently find heartbreaking, but check out a Venn diagram of great writers:...
*Words may show a man's wit, but actions his meaning.* - Benjamin Franklin
Hahaha! RT : Joel, my 2nd-grader: "I've eaten dog food and it's not as good as it looks."
Happy Mother's Day!
Everyone has a twitter now >.>
...thought it might add some complexity, hope it doesn't come back to bite me in the ass tho.
6 am CST tomorrow morning. Hold on to your cowboy hats. PB lineup announcement comin' atcha!
Just one more day! I cannot wait!!!
Going to infusioncon tomorrow, who's with me?
Best wishes for tomorrow. You will rock it. Get some sleep tho; you'll want to be nimble.
Does anyone have a history with afterschool and youth outreach programs in Baltimore? I'm looking for info on what's worked and what didn't
A normal woman!
I'm just playing calm yourself!
and yeah last night was a good indicator of how well he's shooting it, what kind of shape he's in and how athletic he is.
“ Keep fighting the good fight everyone. Hold on to your dreams as you make them come true.”
hey easy on the Noles! A lot of good conservatives from FSU
Don't forget!! Misplaced Comedy is on iTunes!! with like 10 CDs to choose from!
Good Morning :) <3
Content with everything now. Content with whatever happens tomorrow. #content The Lord blesses me in so many ways and this is one of them.
good to know! Thanks!! Last time I went to see a movie at IMAX, was LOR I. They screened it in regular size there. Very bummed
Go Trio hit last nite, w/Sean Gough & Doug Hirlinger. What a blast!
Then you know who to call when you want your dry-cleaning RT : Someone just ask me what if the bring in Jermaine Gresham
hm MT : Gen. Ri Yong Ho, symbiotic w/ #KimJongUn since '10, leaving for Laos. To be crass: is anyone betting on a coup?
Art is collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
why would you pretend not to know what robo cop is?
hahaha omg you're telling me
Hi,Its Victoria!
playing like an All-Star tonight
nAsty!! I still got that image in my head
...i just realized i completely skipped guitar lessons friday...
It's too damn foggy out, I almost got hit twice this morning smh
Douglas Thomas on imagination: is an exercise in world building - what would the World need to look like to accomodate the idea?
Me too * grabs Pink oil moisturizer* RT : Time to wrap my hair
ASU devils unload bus @ west side hotel- beat some Bucky
I shot a ton but it was so dang dark don't know how many I can recover.. Will make sure you see then and give you a couple for
Mr market doing it's thing. Rotation through a correction. Short positions should be expanded. Look for price dislocations.
Two interviews down already. Tax day is tomorrow, April 17. Franchise #Tax Board.
I done herd it all
hay I like much better too hawever there has to be some down time
Thanks for the RT How are you anyway????
The one person who always says they will get the next round and never does
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host. David Letterman
Thanks for "not *too* evil" LOL!
I'm so excited, I finally got to agree to learn Gaelic! We've been trying to decide on a language for years!
Best of Detroit Event by Hour Magazine at The Sound Board June 22nd, 2012 Tickets $85.00 See you there!
Happy Valentines day! I love you, do you love me:)
RT : Download local concerts app for iPhone!! It's free! And yes it DOES list local band events. Rad! Support local music!!
#3WordsForYou You mad bro
“Tea is drunk to forget the din of the world” - T'ien Yiheng
We're signed up! Thanks for the info on the new network-only option. (It's for a Nissan Leaf, btw)
tears in my eyes LOL I need to get Cali soon
The enemy is a coward. He will attack you without mercy when you're most vulnerable and try to DESTROY your life.
I was in a little wine shop in Midtown NYC looking for your label. No luck. Where can I find you?
i loved the video. thank you! <3 i really hope he sees this!!
Drinking alcohol dehydrates the body, including the eyes. Dry eye symptoms are much more likely to develop if you drink alcohol excessively.
LOL that is so true! Love it
Witness to Hunger Angela: If you are a human being you have the right to food.
Peyton Manning gets 1.5 a month, and had NOTHING to do with yoga pants. Life is a joke!
Ron Artest shows that people dont EVER change. Dirty, stupid, dumb play. Just when he starts playing well, he costs his team.
You deserve a cookie!:D ": Woohoo I did my geometry homework all by myself this time! :D"
Bologna Sandies make for Happy Time.
You're welcome and thanks.
My whip so sick, I gotta take it to the hospital!
Love NBA playoffs.
I wanted to say your my role model and I'm going through my boyfriend being locked up due to a rat RT back please
u have an amazing voice!!!
Always Keep Your "Train Of Thought" . . . Don't Crash It.
tonight we done, in San Diego!!!!!!!
I am helping at the Kick It event and just realized I went to school with your kids! Can't wait to meet you!
don't trip cause I believe we will see more of him real soon.
Charging Rodger Clemens for lying to congress is like arresting a woman for flashing her tits at a stripper
Look at Romo's numbers? Watch him play? Only QB besides Rodgers last year to throw 30+ TDs with 10 or fewer ints.
One of the best things in baseball is listening to Vin Scully call a game.
I successfully modified PHP code today
Call me weird, but I really really love going to college fairs.
The last week of classes!
So is everyone waiting in line on free comic book day like me!!! \m/
Send em my way I love Goldfish!
I think the smell last night should have been called "patas a lo Maximo" lmao
lmfao me to and finish my speech (;
I have never hated road work more than Ido right now. We should have been at the hotel and in bed by now.
thanks for following keep making great music
For her 10th bday tomorrow, has requested mini mint chocolate cupcakes in the manner of Might be beyond me.
The Diet Snapple Half n' Half commercials worked on me...it's my new favorite beverage! WTF!
I can't believe today was my last day at Bailey Gardiner. Thanks #BGSD for the amazing experience!
Thanks to for sponsoring the parade again this year! Park at the mall for just $3 during the parade on Saturday!
hahah i think he was :)
Why do people think a bar is the best place to bring a baby? Shut that little bastard up while my game is on!
I really need to get back into #Modeling & #Dance before its to late. I need to get over this #Shy bullshit.
PB&J or banana and peanut butter. I think the flavors of an actual snack would be great! Also, baked cinnamon apple sounds good.
Good morning Atlanta! Tell me, tweeps, what are your favorite places to eat & drink in this fine city?
Betta take 'em til they gone. The last pills kill the strongest infection causers that keep hangin on & won't die.
Ain't going down till the some comes up.
gets mega points for including a slide graphic from "better off dead" UXIM
look at you back on the twitter train!! I'll miss u next week!!
From #Texas' Rivals board "we had a specific request from Torshiro and his coach to put a note out that he's sticking with LSU.
We are doing things with that have never been done before. The stream crossing is exponential.
at the store... Save me sum 2
No Budget from Dem Senate for 3d year. So, again, no spending/deficit plan. Absolutely unamerican. You Dems should be upset-- but aren't.
yes, but I can't wait to get a cut. My ends are fraying so bad. I think it is from turning on the heat on today too.
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
Wiederholungs are DONE! Now to do this German Translation article project.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever (Hebrews 13:8)
is home ice that important w/ faceoffs? Feels like Caps are winning a lot more than last game
VOTE TODAY... VOTE DEMOCRATIC TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS AS WORKING MEN AND WOMEN IN ILLINOIS.
How did Bynum get so old?
Good morning Angel!
Never sweat. Don't regret it. Just move on & forget it.
Looking forward to the lunchtime performance at
Thank you for the RT! Have a blessed evening!
Lady Gaga is shutting out media because she wants to "get rid of the noise" creating time for herself to focus on her next album.
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?" ,"nah I just decided to chew some staples..."
is brown rice as healthy for u if u cover it with gravy?? that's the only way i can eat that stuff
smile. it is the only thing that makes your eyes shine, while there about to go watery
scared money don't make money. I spend it
I know
Not at all. That's so wrong. It's really unfair how MH is viewed.
Ronaldo is so good...when he isn't such a diving beeoch
can you follow me?....pretty please with a cherry on top?(:
I like
Just rode by where the notebook was filmed.
Next time if my husband is at home while I'm still alone on the road till late at night how?? Unless my husband drives me lah *hint
TY again, Ian. I'm off to sleep.... g'night
SIGNING OUR LEASE TODAY.
This girl tried to fight me yesterdau because I said #TeamnNoHair .. Um , Bitch You got hair STFU !
In the grand tradition of Des Moines young professionals, soon I'm going to be leaving The Greatest City in the World and moving to Denver.
Just finished a discussion with Neel Kashkari, former Asst Sec of the Treasury, on the famed Lehman - Merrill weekend in Sept 2008. Wow!
he has toned down and doesn't do party pumps before the game. Ha.
Hi ME thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'm thinking breakfast lol
hoping maybe one time you'll see my tweet ;) love you!
The 2009 Cuvee Julia is now out in limited quantities. Fit for #Presidents, kings, queens and anyone who loves a great grape!
Being a Floridian i'm definitely on the"Tampa Bay Lightning" bandwagon as the Eastern conference finals start Saturday,Good luck Bostonians!
lock it in. AND - we get to speak on PST! Are you cathcing up with Rob?
Dear god! Word got out that the lanyards were available and thousands of librarians swarmed! I was scared and I may need to be held.
I guess I'm not sold on the effectiveness of passive ads (i.e ads I'm shown without having taken action to show intent)
Heat win 102-88...Sorry Lin not in this house.
Never fails: As soon as I turn on the music and dive into a task, I get interrupted with questions. It's a wonder I get anything done ever.
But probably not.
lol me too but I loved it at first and its what sparked my interest
Hi I'm working on a story and trying to get in touch with the PR dept. at Pumpkin Patch. Can you please refer me to someone?
Looking forward to lunch with you conference not only bc I am a big fan, but I'm hungry!
Nice win for my heat 2night let's go playoffs is so close
I- I love you like a love song baby<3
Wow, 18 hits, 12 runs and a loss! Sorry about that Red Sox.
Agreed! Tools can be used for good or bad. Certainly we've seen a lot of good. Interesting how it's used on both sides!
#Don'tBeScared To Be Smart! :)
Weinstein Co. documentary Bully to be released without rating: Bully documentary's unrated release doesn't deter..
Well whoever wrote them for us to pick is stupid as fuck.
thank you and can you please follow me
New bio the old one was getting to old and boring!
Hard to fly w/ those tiny wings RT : Weird thought of the day #16: Cee-Lo making snow angels.
You know you're in love when you take the longer way to class even if it means going up two extra stair cases just to see his face
so happy to have spent this morning talking to middle schoolers about applying to college! it's never too early!
": RT : I haven't watched the avengers yet! Wtf:(((("
“: Hung it up in Crofton Library too!” Thanks!
Great job done by today. I changing my job title from personal trainer to 'movement therapist'
To manage stress, the ultimate goal is a balanced life, with time for work, relationships, relaxation & fun. Have you achieved this balance?
watching baby boi damn tyrese fine
Saw Bob Marley doc, surprised to learn he did not have African-American following in the US. any insights, ?
So sunny and hot and me working :( I was supposed to be on the bÉach right now lol
“I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.” - Steven Wright
Yowza! Don't get between them, please!
Good to hear...I think...was kinda fun covering for you last year! ;-) How's it going? RT I should b back on my game!
Damn D.Rose is so tight, Made a buzzer beater into halftime!
I'm so excited and looking forward to a completely fresh new outlook on making music!
Just added #socialjustice to the Twitter Hashtags category and "Social Justice" to the Higher Education category. Thanks!
I want to meet Romeo Johnson !
Just woke up days are getting closer to my party that I'm throwing so stoked!
Happy mothers day! .... Makes me think: who was the first mother fucker?
of course ;)
bitch you not following me i am going to beat your ass when i see you hoe
Finally!!! Mad Men tonight! Yes.
omg everybody pray that I find a dress here
NOPE! I won't fall for that!
Thanks, our teas are carefully chosen by our tea experts, and smells are free at our Store ;-)
Thanks! Shout out right back at ya!
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
Hollywood Hollywood city of dreams... :)
LOL, I should get one. Although my cat is pretty stealthy during storms. I'd never be able to keep him still to put a shirt on
Thank information would have been useful hahaha
I could make some excuse, talk my way out of it. There’s still time.
I am still looking for models for the L*Space Bikinis & Martinis Trunk Show this Saturday! Email if interested:
- is there an easy way to look up UK case citations? Having an awful time of it.
"I don't know what's up with Lebron's teeth. Was he eating some ho-hos or something at half time?" NBA announcer. LSHMSFOAIDMT!
Congratulations on Color Guard! (:
Wishing you a blessed Palm Sunday!
lmfao I liked your green sweater ;) lololol
You back here?
yea just keep talking about swedish meatballs
yeah it better be fine! (;
we love what you bring to the world!!! Thank you for being you!
aw thanks! Miss u!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the Riverdance! Chest out, arms at your side, & kick up those feet! Some people will surprise you! Shoot rapid or vid
The first step is admitting that you don't have a problem.
Do you need Air Conditioning service In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Have a great day!
This saturday is the first official #teardropbookingshow feat. , Foreverendstoday, tigress COME OUT!RT!
I want McDs
i got $ on liaison, and DAddy Long Legs!!! (lucky number is 21 and the #s are 20 and 1 :)
RT : Be sure to follow the pro athlete who lives his Christian faith
CEO is discussing the importance of building a better user experience
go to bed!!
thanks babe :)
Saturday 12-4 Family Art Day at HQ!! Fun, food, music and ART! We will be painting canvas, painting faces and everything else imaginable:)
Hungry for a new #AssociatedPressStyleBook. Mine's from 2006. The latest available 2011.
working on making some dreams come true today!
to all the women in this whole wide woorrrrld....you're the only one i ever loved
yeah, uhh, i like that. And bumnett almost copped me a W.
I would much prefer a hologram of #MCA than a hologram of 2pac.
Hair tied Chillin with no make up on. That's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that
my extended family was in the tornado warnings in southern illinois~
When poison comes on my kids go crazy....lmao love em
Expedia is awesome, helped me cancelled a wrong flight I booked.
I want hot chocolate and a soft pretzel, someone bring me one i will give you $$
yes im so mad they didnt get it on camera :(
The Pulse Presents Tech N9NE in Concert May 21st AT Marquee Theater!! Text 9 to 98336 for your Tix!!
This is the worst display of officiating I have ever seen. How is that not a high stick against #Ottawa. Very weak calls against
OK. new yr. Feb is the month of <3 so i suggest to check out lovejones, brownsugar, poetic justice and love and basketball!
ugh, i can't find a fooking talking vocaloid to save my life, im just gonna move on to scene three
#6 What is the total cost of this work-at-home program, including supplies, equipment and membership fees? What will I get for my money?
I'm bored. D:
Rodney/Sasha Glassman: create community childrens book
Never apologize for how you feel that's like saying sorry for being real
I would have the leading authority in identity restoration prove someone stole my identity and clear my good name for me.
#nowplaying Gotye - Making Mirrors. I'm loving their sound!
You know what's good? Half a cinnamon raisin bagel with peanut butter and apple slices that's what!
Having smart and productive thoughts. :)
NETWORKING TRIP!
so u think everybody aint different ?? explain
Packers Gone Win 2Morrow.Its Problems Bitch
Q2b) a. no money b. no experience setting up c. can't get most to do Twitter, IM, FB, how will they manage VW?
New updates coming soon, keep reading!!
I really don't its 3:26am Tay what else is there to do lol RT : Victoria ain't got shit else to do I swear.
I'm at the game. Looks like they partied a little too hard last night. The problem is that the Warriors don't miss.
Enjoying some Buck-O-Nine "My Town"...great band by the way =]
I think it's time to hit the hay!! Bye babes!!
: I missed your message until I got back to the hotel. I thought thatyou just accepted a rather enviable position on the west co ...
We're home but headed to the CM for a beer. Join us! If not, can you please place the key under the same plant? Thanks!!
In honor of #iubb the is playing the Jock Jams cd in it's entirety! //
Yaya I'm so glad! You guys r gonna kill it! Ily guys to death Wish the best of luck- Karina♥
My type of jokes.
Even if the sun falls, I hope we don't lose it all.
I'm sitting here watching Manu Ginobli and James Harden is Manu Ginobli.
this is offensive to guinea pigs
I'm so uncomfortable right now. Ugh
Seriously tho. She walked in, grabbed a random, and sucked him into her sloppy-makeout blackhole until he lost his soul.
Placed second in trivia with . and we didn't win anything. What a load of bull.
Can't decide what to see ! I could just save up for
tell me about it. My internet here disconnects like every 10 minutes but there's nothing we can Dp about it cause its in a
Demi Lovato is my inspiration.If you judge her your judging me. She saved me. So haters fuck off.
I work in one of the best mix rooms in NYC, let's work on something! Get at me
Adventure travel in #SouthAfrica for sure: safari at Adoo Elephant Park, zip lining in Tsitsikamma
It's a hunter rainboot kinda day 😁
It's National Donut Day!!! It's like Christmas for your tastebuds.
The England-Germany game is awesome, but it's also incredibly sad. That's one month I wish we could have skipped.
Last night it is a blur, lol
my boyfriend looks really weird in the picture he just posted on facebook! should i tell him i don't like it?
Hey bud can u tell me when the ep featuring the guys from kybigfoot will air?
Going to bed. Have a great night everyone. See you tommorow
Can't wait to see you Jesse! RT : HEADING TO RELAX @ SKYBAR! HIT ME UP! Yes plenty of bottles....
Dinner & a movie > Enzian Theater! ;)
Going to see at the MSU ballroom at 7pm tonight. Pioneer. Gender binary revolutionary. Transgender transformer.
Next week-pick up final sound mix-Sound People are very very cool
lmao shut the
"Patients" r economic entities (their insurance policy) & TEST SUBJECTS; as medicine= "that worked 4 a while on this group"
“: Josh Hamilton hits 3rd homer of night in 7th inning vs O's to take sole possession of lead with 13 on the year.”&missed 3 games
No food in this damn house like always -_-
Hi, Sharon, nice to "tweet" you - but please don't call me by my full name!
wow. How embarrassing... I hadn't finished my coffee yet :)
A lunch to pick you up for the afternoon: grilled or steamed salmon, baked potato, small salad, ice tea with lemon. Will give you energy!
I like to have a lot of fresh fruit around and chocolate chips in my pancakes
Cinco De Mayo tomorrow and the Plectrum team wants to go out and celebrate. Give us ideas on where to go around Boston!
Did you know ?The #ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations. Be apart! Stay...
Turn Up
its not because he doesnt care it's show biz thats why he replies to celebs instantly!
Anyone want to help us with lyrics? Send us something poetic!
I like mayweather don't get me wrong..but that fight not really irrelavant to me..everybody wants pacman to fight may 5th..
btw, Jason lies - I did not buy any Star Wars books for him, I bought them for myself.
then fade to black. Commercial.
Think it went well! Should be hearing back from recruiter soon and it sounds like they're gonna schedule in-person meeting.
I whoop mfs like you on the way to fights!
listening to records is such a great work out...I've had to get up like 10 times and walk 5ft...gonna be in great shape in no time!
Im bored omg sumbody help
TV execs must think all we want is reality crapolla. part of the dumbing of America?
well I graduated and have my cosmetology license..... what am I supposed to do now
Back in #Pittsburgh so good to be home!
You had me calling out your name... what's this strange thing inside me..
hoping everyone is having fun!
Starting a trend tonight! RT : #Brewers hadn't scored in 1st inning since April 10
Comcast's call centers could take a cue from their Social Media department on how to resolve issues
Tmow lottery numbers, pls RT : Who was that crazy guy who said Meara would be ROTY at season opener at ? Oh yeah...
#FF Check out some of these crazy kids.
Using tweetdeck for the first time. Let's see how I like it.
Hm LIFE!! Damn! Why so confusing?!
-- lol on what... Might have to make that trip
Mogs can talk about Bosh all they want, but he brings irreplaceable value to Miami. I don't think they can win a title without him.
You don't know nothin bout that Fly U young blood.
no I'm not. I don't lie.
of coarse
New Orleans this week
g00d morning RT No pressure, no diamonds. >> never thought it like that
Don't tell anyone, but I picked Xavier.
LMAO. It's my fav show too:) “: On that Thug Shit watching "The Secret Life of an American Teenager" #GoodStuff”
Meet the browns>>>>>>
I don't know how I'm going to pass that chem test tomorrow :S
“: Is Rondo best PG in the League?”. True pg yep!
Having my closet door half open when it's dark scares me to death.
#nashville Catch us in the round at this Saturday 630pm w/Pete Sallis, Lisa Carver, Chas Sandford and Bethany Dick-Olds.
Come see us this weekend! : that awkward moment when you get on the Cortland bus and there is a flash singing mob.
Today we sent off BTS photos of us using our Redrock Rigs to our pals at Redrock Micro!
when is your song coming out???????
Last few days for #nbcam! Use coupon code "pink" to save $10 AND If you actually purchase a pink ipod, we'll donate $20 to
RT : Customers want to be treated right the FIRST time says
a to tabien mi Amiga chula
Me too. I was a busy day and I still have 44 minutes left on my shift.
do you know when the tech/ops team meets?
Ashley is making cookies; one of them fell apart as she was plating it, so I ate it, citing it as a practical application for eugenics.
Movies about cheating always make me cry
Indeed! ": A big Congratulations to coach Pop! NBA Coach of the Year! #GoSpursGo"
Selena Is Our Beauty Queen<3
If this is really a panic attack, I don't ever want another one.
Better days will come.
Examining my emails & it appears Red Envelope gave my email 1st to Pro Flowers. Then shortly after that, lots of viagra emails.
#monday Fresh start every week.
How do we go about hosting a fundraiser at ur location? Individual guidelines at each location? Should I just go into one & ask?
Be carful who u open up to only a few people actualy care the rest are just curious
leave Terry's face alone. :-P
RT : gotta get the sound mind first! #medication< you nuts....lol...lol
congrats on Cody Simpson following you. :)
Deep End and Hot Shot recorded here in Memphis at The Noise Factory and Mixed by Chuck Alkazian(Elton John, 50 cent) www.keylessmusic.com
Hell yea OSU, hell yea Louisville
Females say all guys are the same if that's the case why do they take so long to choose one
ASHA Div12 Conf. Tough question: Select only devices w potential to be final device or jump start process w engaging new tool like MyTalk?
your welcome
yes... good clarification haha. Let's plan on a celebratory drink when things open up for you.
yeah that and Gil would be pretty sweet to add both those guys, possibly be some bench scoring
favs: "Is there a happy hour after this?" Omg, last year volunteering in Botswana..." "Idk...I guess, just put it over there"
We're packing our bags and heading to #Chicago for 2012! Hope to see some new and familiar faces!
idk why but I feel avoided by some ppl but I could be wrong tho
All respect to those who bring the mountain dew. My hookup was from WV's New River Gorge. Dangerously smooth.
likely just scattered...more widespread late in the evening..unless their game goes 17 innings, should be OK
Holy cow, you'd think it was me getting my PhD. Lordy lordy.
Love the San Jose airport. It has the 3 things you need for good work: lots of power outlets, good wi-fi (free, to boot), & food.
I thought you just didn't give a fuck
Hungrily awaiting to see with is going to do for #WillieWonka show on Sunday (hoping for gummy bear size of head!)
we found out last summer that booking is highly monetized in Boston city proper. I have venue contacts mentioned in previous tweet.
Agree! RT : #MAY is #NationalFosterCareMonth Poll: 83% of adults knew little or nothing about #fostercare. NOW is time to change.
Big recruiting day/wkend...Dells today, Milwaukee tomorrow, will be good to get out, see kids, and talk hoops w/people...love bein n the gym
My shoes went from blue to brown! Hahaha
we have a VIP patio entrance
took care of it when I got home.
trying to just be me... baggage and all :) working on a polishing a post now...
Emptying out the old office space today, looks totally empty now
ops I am 1 follower away from 450! #Assyrians on the rise! <3 lol
all goes back to my fb post this morning about weird cookie/chocolate induced nightmares/dreams/fatness/phatness
Thank you, Mikki, for the mention. Hope you are having a good night! ;)
Congrats on the launch!
Cinnamon Toast Cunts
OMG GOOD
He's Mormon. He can't hate anyone and fears everyone.
Listen to my world. By . Wow. Justin time flys. It's like my clock just flew across the room ! Haha .
Just dropping everyone off at home
my favorite so far: connecting campus with library archives using augmented reality at Kansas State
hahaha. Sonic should put that on their dumb TV ads:-)
You have to train you mind like you train your body. ~ Bruce Jenner
So glad that God heals . . . despite ourselves!
nice uni's
Since the issue is so connected to faith, which is also very influential in the black community...
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner to promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 or www.atlasprogram.com
I have chills.
Merry Christmas! Hope everyone has a wonderful day with friends and family.
happy early 15th birthday sexy(;
please follow me!
I'm following the next 20 people who follow me.
Bill Cosby tells , Whitney Houston should be entering a deeper maturity, understanding of love, life, happiness.
Thank you for
#Blackparentsquotes "I brought you in this world and I will take you out"
oh you called?
ooh I cant wait big daddy lmbo!
Congratulations to Dre and Dee! Dre is our new Promotions Director and Dee is our new Public Relations Director
Miss the drama @ jersey shore 2 Without Angelina there's only Boring Drama With Ronnie And Sammi :S
see ya tomorrow you sexy people, hope you have a great evening, have a drink for me (cuz I dont drink)
You know it was a terrible migraine if you feel positively EUPHORIC once the pain is gone....
"youre not allowed to look at my most played!" "i will ALWAYS look"
I've become obsessed, too. Shedding many tears.
the IGIGI item I crave most this summer is the Jolie Maxi Dress It is stunning and so vibrant.
everyone in this library is bat shit crazy.
Enjoying the evening with my wife!!!
My day job is consuming my soul...
Wishing there was a play-by-play book about LIFE(how to avoid idiots)!!!
Perfect. The giant red cherry on top of the big ice cream sundae that has been my day. Awesome.
you should get on like now
Crawling on my hands and knees to Las Palmas.
oh wow .. lol these tweets !
are you at school?
What?! What?! What is this I'm seeing about Tyler Perry & is it true?
I'm excited! I haven't been to King's Dominion in 14 years.
At The Drive In was good. El Paso representin'
Good Q. I'll expand in a blog post.
yes yes! Hi!!! Thx for the followbak! :)
Having a business meeting with one of the models from last weeks photo shoot.
Remember, #Basketball is a game. You always want to play hard, play smart & play together but maybe most importantly, you want to have fun.
The DIA is an asset for Macomb County. Voice your support at the Commission's meeting tonight, 7PM at 1 S. Main, Mt Clemens
Pizza & pint tonight Brooklyn style! For beer week, buy one of our hand made pizzas & get a free pint of Six Point brew!
A great way to find other like minded twitter people to follow is to go to and review their followers/ing
Dude...I love her so much...ughh....
Payday bitches
I'm really tempted to make my handle @ GuzzlerJenny...
rather than view gmail in a web page, you should add ur gmail account to the ipad. This way...cont
It's official got me convinced 2 sign up to volunteer w/ the kids. during the summer. Thank U for the tour. Great team U have!
Conflict is normal, it will give you an opportunity to GROW
