sometimes I read those and fantasize about the writer. So wrong.
i hate to rub it in but my STEELERS WON
5 days till Shirlington's Oktoberfest! Our tent will feature some delectable dishes and Beckett’s t-shirts!
Loves the feeling of gettin my teeth clean..dentist went rli well..at the mall with my mami =]
Gaming out right now, Trying to relax. The brainstorming for the second book is going great! Hope you all are well!!
Liverpool game I can actually watch on now. Let's hope they win.
It has been a busy day here at #AirHollywood, but a lot of fun as well!
The whole schedule is you have one. Thanks :)
ESPN to Broadcast Two Live World Series of Poker Events in 2012
most definitely!
Wrapped on Coldwood. The next phase of the Alaska adventure begins now--Denali national park camping and backpacking, Alaska railway, etc.
Well that's awesome can i ask how old yu r?
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race off. Glow on tonight!
is that coo hah
there's better pictures but you wouldn't wanna look at them
NUBLU THURSDAY..... *WAX POETIC plays new songs from up and coming album !!!!!!! 2 Sets 10PM & Midnite... *VLADI spinns eclectic....
Make sure his love isn't just something you want, but what you need.
like it?? -MB
63 cents in my bank account........... bills paid though
: CC frosting def, or maybe ganache... assorted varieties, red velvet, yes... all of them, really.
Almost to 5000 likes! Help us out by telling all your friends about us. It would be the best Christmas present!
I'm done.. Haha so.. Coconuts tomorrow?
Always a fan!
are you still sick?
What the
Thanks much Toure! RT : #FF because she is simply an amazing woman!
I'm actually feeling very guilty about leaving right now. I'm sure a cocktail on the deck will help that.
“ , Only A Weak Nigga Want A B_tch He Can Run Over .” ' Truth!
Didn't know she had one. What's your opinion?
Ayee Pawl... WASUP WIT IT? My bad gettn back so late.tryna get it #Ualreadyknw its a WAR OUT HERE... BUT MAY THE BEST MAN WIN
#SKYFALL teaser at work meeting! YES!
Morning in kuala lumpur looking forward to a great day found the batik craftsman I met 2 years ago his work as beautiful as ever
Will you be in Jax next week with your guys? Hope to see you!
bet you said that before. That the baby ain't yours lol j/k.
Watching "why planes crash" is terribly freaky
atta boy Johnny!!
....Monica lewinsky...what it dew? (Bill)
You always leave me hangin ;) x
Game on! Go get em
I'll come save you from boredom once I get my chores done
Got the highest grade on the test in my Algebra class!
still enjoying Sunday night in SF! Have a great start! :-)
have fun in Mexico :) <3
Red solo cup = whitest song I've ever heard.
I wonder that all the time.
Saw your tweet mentions us about some difficulties that you had. Did it work out?
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax $?
And omg Mary I'm on the common experience retreat right now and turning in my lesson plans for common hour next week
If someone is parked all "messed-up", remember, their might of been two other people they had to fit between, and they might of left already
what u been up too
venice beach! (:
yea yea ight
He will not be out-orated for a LONG time. #hecantalk #sotu #istheactionthere?
Thanks Skip for the follow!
I'm excited you joined! Now start following people that tweet about things that interest you! I'm always here to help! xoxo
Any writers out there have any tips about revision? What's helpful for you? What bombed?
just to make you look stupid
Just finished vocal lesson with the fabulous Julia Dollison...feels good to get back to it!
And you have a very professional army crawl.
Deadmau5 coming to DC!!!
Beach time
Google moving into food - maybe I could work there? ": We've just been acquired by Google! zagat.bz/qEVoas”
I disagree with 's assessment that Moonrise Kingdom is Wes Anderson's Wes Andersoniest film. Still Darjeeling to me.
I'm dead inside.
T Brewer Trio plays Jazz Center, S Cruz, tonight at 7p! Wil Blades-organ, Micah McClain-Drums..come join us :)
yes im singel
Great new album...
You on x factor 2013?:) Thats so cool! Is it c factor UK?
We will be closed Sunday the 15th. Thank you!
Grrrr...I can't log on to Facebook on my IPhone! Help!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Join me tonight @ Barones in the valley 4 my guest appearance in Pamela Clay's show. I'll be singing Be In Love. :))
Thanks so much; and we look forward to taking car of your vehicle needs to keep you going to where you need to get next :)
Just voted! Peppermint all the way!
Mika Tajima's artist talk has been rescheduled from tomorrow to TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6 at 7pm ! Hope you can join us!
Work downtown? Join us for the Employee Appreciation Wk volleyball tourney at Bradford (7/25 & 7/26). Registration due 7/15. No fee to play.
right back at ya!
Happy Valentine's Day! xoxo <3
Same - look forward to ongoing conversations. Best!
Had a dream James Cameron was my good buddy.
what happened that you have a leg injury?? The weather is perfect again today...sorry! LOL
Obama wanted change, so I threw a couple fucking penny's at him
just listened to the podcast. You're a huge jackass for calling Skip out like that. Should be ashamed of yourself.
how are you?
Motivation Monday: Never stop trying to reach your goals! Great athletes fail...The best get right back up!
Get me with those green eyes baby(;
- "Now go get ya fuckin plane, level, and other carpentry tools!"
Thanks boo!!!
Me 2! A good example of "train a Child Up..." :)
I see that "Bubba" is trending. I'm not really looking into this, I just wanted to use the word "Bubba" in a tweet.
worth the money. Stay for two sets of credits for two extra scenes if you go.
Ah on 106 and Park <3
Loved your article Quinten! I know I'm a little late, but you should def. keep blogging. :)
kobe has a min 4 yrs left look at his level of play. Nobody has been that good that long.
Sally Hawkins is playing the lead in Woody Allen's 2013 San Fran movie? I might have just yelped like a little puppy reading it.
I must say... you do look dapper in your picture. how have you been joshua? :)
: I'm excited to sign up with your homepage! Can't wait to hear about auditions” Thx Josh, ur on our list!
It can be, though a player would almost certainly lose the high well before the end of the game.
I fucked that nigga after his show, has a loose stanky ass.
~You may have suffered defeats, but God has a victorious life for you! Trust God to turn things around.~
Cheating isn't cheating unless you get caught,bragging isn't bragging if you can back it up
It's been a while since I could join #ELTchat but here I am! Nice to see you all, again. Glad to be back for the #ELTchat bday.
Oh wow, you've just managed to turn a failed calender into a pensive tool... BRILLIANT
RT : Step 1: Emergency mgrs need to get comfortable with social media, understand it & develop strong relationships.
I desperately need help with webdropdown which broke after I upgraded to 10. Frustrated at best!
Let's Go Brewers..... Bay Packers....probably no NBA because my Milwaukee Bucks trash....smh Let's Go Wisconsin
OMFGGGG RIGHT BY MY SIDE VIDEEOOOO
RT : What is in exactly 2 months from today? #WineRocks! This summer July 11th! Save the date!
thanks big man. Tell Coach Sanchez hello.
Catch some great modern rock with Sin Seven live at Pineapple Willy's today starting at 5pm!
where was the Crue playing last night ??
sure do...n dont use it or any club much for that matter
Kel and I need to do a web series. I'd do so working with him.
mexican people and black people are bad bargaining chips, nobody pays their ransome lol
Umm no words! RT : Omg did you see the way they were kissing? So painful i couldn't watch RT :
yo followed back
is at the car repair shop waiting for my car to get fixed. Hangar for the muffler broke.
I hate when people don't text back.
Just ate 3/4ths of the chicken pot pie. Man was I hungry.
Happy 11th Birthday Marcayla, love you!
so worth it.
Good Morning...Hope everyone has a great day...
we n der
Bride of Frankenstein
One of the BEST #NewGirl episodes ever!!
yeah i think weedgetalong 😉🍁
RT : Need necessary workflow for #HIE. Must have plug and play to engineer without permission = innovation.
i do want a summer time relationship
woulld you marry me?
I have no idea what's going on in this class anymore
Heading off to the first panel of the day "Crafting The Footage"
The assumption that dog avatars are apolitical is itself a political statement.
Hope this nigga don't fuck it up
where exactly is the free parking for xfinity live
Met with the Treasure Box team at The Rock Church last night! They are on fire in the community w Blessing in a Box food outreach ministry!
i am cool just busy but cool. How things in the south? how the adjustments coming?
If you ever asked why you can find anyone beautiful, you should try looking in the mirror.
walking to super fresh with because i like food!!!!!!!
its a perk
aww :) and I'm pretty good not sure why I'm up but couldn't sleep lol
well put it this way, you're in LA, where everyone knows EVERYONE, and we both haven't seen someone like that lmfao
thank you so much buddy :) I will hehehe <3
RT : CARANCHO the new thriller from #Argentina starring Ricardo Darin a smash hit & held over thru 5/5.
I feel ya on the commute shoes but even commute shoes should look nice.
Can't sleep... So what is a man to do? Watch old school favorite- "National Lampoon's Vacation"
This! Packer Nation. Donald was in jeopardy tonight. We need full support next week. It means vote vote vote.
hey i dont blame you -- seattle has a nice little soccer following up there haha
Ahh, ok. No worries, it happens. RT : Not official. My mistake.
I am cheering for #GoCards over #Lobos on
Trivia at #RockBottomBrewery in #Bethesda with , , & Jesse. I'm no help as usual!
buy tickets!
Please see the secretary if you need a Doctor's note for your #Nuts therapy!
RT S/O too the Bitchs Who Dont Need a Weave To Make Them Who They Are
looking for sales people in nyc to sell printing
Money unfortunately makes the world go round' :(
Just listened to another #plpcc webinar. Excited and prepared for the next endeavor. Thanks and
You're welcome?
I wonder if she ever thinks about me, not on no play play shit
Jesus is born and he is with us! – Jesus ha nacido y el está con nosotros!
Did I just hear the epic Beach Boys performance I was waiting for would include Foster the People and Maroon 5??? Disappointing.
We have a pal who <3's punk, bacon in his sweets, and has lots of love to give. Can he come work for you? -Bunny and Brandy
Only Kid should be allowed to have a Hightop fade it will never be better then his so stop doing it.
haha yes :) always gifts from uncle mike!
Thanks, Trish! Looking forward to seeing you!
I swear to God I think I just saw Drake.
The one freaking shirt I actually WANT to wear is lost. I bet I'll find it after I get home tomorrow..fmlll
just do it I have important shiz to talk about
I cant wait for jesrica simpsons show
Yeah you do, before they be sold out. I hope to see you there!
FIGURE IT OUT!! :)
Is this too much for a bucket list, 1.Go to NYC to see SNL. 2.Marry Kristen Wiig! 3.Meet you and have a drink?
Which will win the ratings game tonight... #DWTS or #Final Four championship game. Tweet me back with your pick to win...
I love nail polish so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Man I gotta buy some new polish...
shoulda gone for movie night...just sayin
Did you know? “Burger Kong” was a fast food outlet on Ennerdale Street in Raccoon City. Its name is an obvious parody of Burger King.
Do popcorn and beer count as dinner? Because if it does I ate like a king tonight. One drink at 6 turned into staying out until midnight.
Good point . & I better get to see you while your home btw .
#kellieluvdown the moment u have all been waiting for...My debut single "Down" and vid, will be released Sat aug. 20 on iTunes and YouTube!
Ture #SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit! It must "Paid in FULL" before you receive it!
It's more about being annoyed at ppl who give advice and can't take their own. Stop preaching and look @ your damn self.
thanks for the help! ill try the things i didnt do when i get home
Game of Thrones. Mad Men. Sherlock. Veep. Girls. Also, probably COPS if you looked.
Great, now I have the tune stuck in my head- "get out of your seat, on to your feet" ;) #sgmemory great friday memory lane visit
what songs would you like to hear us cover? nothing dirty, nothing too heavy, but make it fun!
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman. Contact us now to make a reservation between 9pm-10pm for only $15 each!
Why does it always come down to money??
They let me join the YWCA even though I'm not young, female, or christian. Luckily, I'm very associative.
So sorry we been neglecting this page LOL we might delete ......
doing the Cystic Fibrosis Walk at GA Tech this morning then playing the Mountain Laurel Festival tonight in Clarkesville, GA!
what you and that short nigga was up to?
RT : Follow for today's Joint Housing and Human Needs Disaster Recovery Committee meeting at 2 p.m.
Oh, BADOO. Whatever. -Me
:-) happy friday!
what's it called?
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
#FF , and what's up?
I'm a weenie
thanks hun.. was so lovely to have you! you sounded amazing! looking forward to hanging out on thursday!
might be moving back to jersey this summer O.o
Some chinese in a few,some more research,brooklyn college wrote an article on Last Breath,& drinks w/my homie later.
haha sure! Whatever three hour nap then go eat ;) haha you should come home and visit I'm sure alex would like that too
I bet it is!
Looks like some spots for that #dataviz seminar with Amanda Cox just opened up. Unfortunately, I've since made other plans.
French quarter owners thinks they can open a 4 or 5 star hotel with day spa at a cost of $12 million. Looking for investors.
Every time Eric Cantor tilts his head and claps, a Lobbiest buys a Bentley.
good luck tomorrow!!! I'm sure you will do great!!
make it nasty
Won our first football game today 8 to 7 very tough game, both teams scored in the 4th qtr them first then us.
Sean Payton suspended for the year and Tebow traded to the NY Jets. One saint in and another saint out.
whats up bro,ur tweets R phuckin crazy! haha follow me back.but dont walk to close behind me,im not into that anymore.
I feel like I'm about to puke. Why am I still not over this?
right here :P
Football Sunday!! Playoff time!!
#itshardwhen you love someone and they don't care
“: "I'll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one." signs from #occupywallstreet”
Can I marry Pip? ad;lfjalsfkjd HE'S SO ADORABLE.
Overheard now:
Look who woke up lol
. How often do you travel (days per year)?Sseems like you are always on tour.
Could apply to elderly falls; seen several instances where necklace push-button devices fail: person forgets they have it on
thanks for another awesome article! Keep 'em coming, we love us some kino too!
Listen up DC Metro area don't miss DC premiere of Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis June 24th for 50% off tickets
OMG I just opened this and I am obsessed! It is going to be my new facebook pic, thanks!!!
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, go out and get busy.- Dale Carnegie
Yep, they'll be streaming it live on their site. do u know if its streamed on Jets website?
So happy Denver has an H&M Store. I'm in heaven. Now we need a Dorothy Perkins ;)
Give us a shout at - we can discuss your options. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT!
Esthetics and Makeup go HAND n HAND! Call us to learn the art of makeup too! (248) 477-5548
Another nice day means another nice deal...20% off all nail services today! Enjoy!!!!!
So many celebs/ famous people dying lately. I guess people die every day, but we only hear about the famous ones. RIP Maurice Sendak.
: Um, I would totally want to work for the "Wolfpack". Where do I apply!?!
thank u
ouch “: Your supporting your advertisers not your followers. $Money talks”
Thanks for the follow -glad to connect with you. Happy Easter!
I'm coming up on Friday. My mom is making chicken parm for Saturday night. I'll be there all weekend
RT : One down, 15 to go.
Passion and vision are only as good as your strategy
oh - joy and pain - that took me back 20 years...
austin has a gf
No, it froze on me too.
Kam Fong as Chin Ho. Yep, it's on right now. MeTV. Make it happen.
Tornado sirens going off on campus...
Some recent CQT stories by me: Collins raises doubts about DHS IG nominee; lawmakers worry about overcriminalizing minor cyber offenses
Now I'm getting
M piece a candy
Good Morning.... Happy Hump Day.
Dear Fat Chicks, Black Is NOT that Slimming! Sincerly, Skinny girls who wear black
We're looking for fresh, original talent.
O man o man
whats it about
Humans meet at Carpenter Wells clock tower and Zombies meet at sand volleyball pit at Murray!
Just got our first trick-or-treaters at the door. What the hell are we going to do with all this candy?
My mom is thinking about Drake... i 1/2 way convinced her but she wont pay for yours lolz
Have you seen our brand spanking new bathrooms in the Belvedere lobby? What do you think?!
Ditto that! RT : Congratulations to Mayor & on a job very well done!!
There is a place in Sumter, SC that serves a club sandwich made with chicken salad. It is to die for.
Lets beat that #Packers! MT : Saints-49ers had 20.5 fast national/35.6M viewers. Most-watched Saturday playoff game since 1988.
ya lol :p
A vessel.
In a sense, but it's just not the same, somehow!
Adopted! Pet of the Week Niko
Job Tip: Bill Russell didn't let outright racism stop him from being the best in the NBA. Don't let it stop you!
Nothing to do #CastroBrandoSwag For Brandon
Do what you love!!!
Can we all agree not to donate to until they stop playing 5 hours of new age music every Sunday? Fucking intolerable.
spam:p
Gameday. Hope the Pacers remember to
RT Tomorrow is the start of the diet! Woo. Hoo. Hello coffee, protein, and excessive amounts of exercise.
Tonight Broadway Bar 8800 Broadway!!! See you there
I love you two<33
Don’t worry about what the weather could be like. Have your child’s next birthday indoors with us! Call for details.
Oh em gee, I just used my mobile hotspot to connect my Nook Color to the internet. 15yrs ago, all that would've been gibberish.
I second that! Love polenta cakes, too! RT : That sounds awesome.
There is no beauty but the beauty of action. – Proverb
I'm eating Twizzlers for lunch. I need real food.
Now how to pay this huge tax bill....? Who needs tech support? Error messages? Slow computer? Mac? PC? I'm your #TechieWithAPersonality!
And the 4 in a row bp hr's turn into one in the game
Important, thought-provoking article about food and culture - just re-tweeted from Melissa Clark. Read it.
These pancake are fucking unbelievable.
Been traveling so long, my Twitter action has slowed...but the experiences haven't. Cool, damp thundery Carolina nights, rain & lightning>
My ass so fat I can make my ass clap.
What PETA Does NOT KNOW about Raising Dairy Cattle!
thanks Mike
yeahh lololol I'm watching punk'd right now lololol they're pranking Ronnie from jersey shore right now hahahaha
Getting a bachelor of science in graphic design is weird. Just learn another language! It's not that hard...
At old work for awesome event. Former great-grandboss is sitting 10 feet away. Acknowledge, or stay glued to phone until performance begins?
I think Alex and Jack should get punk'd now.
I'm listening to "How schizophrenia works" by And so am I.
ha am so free.
Lucio: This S Texas medical school will impact 1 million people w/ medical needs, both urgent and significant.
It's a beautiful night out in the Chi
So I found out that my great Uncle Jimmy's real name is James... (;
- what I lack in knowledge, I make up in style! And we got it done! My job was to sell it...not build it!
It's not "Ask and you shall receive", it's " Give and you shall receive "
hahaha why thank you I'm so happy it's over!
Why do my hands and arms start hurting when I use my iPad even if I'm not holding it? Maybe the position of my neck?
Nothin like sittin outside doing work on Friday.
lol, no need fer all dat! Just get ready to act a fool in 10:00
mo money mo problems mo hoes lol
boston band song list
oh god..no kidding. we need a teleporter and pizza.
Nice : Thank you Miss Jenny 1-3 grade teacher at MacDowell Montessori. I like her because she teaches me art. -Analeigh, a student
not that worried bud...just need to have some faith in ur team...
Marc Cherry never disappoints. 15 min left of the finale, i know ill cry when it's over
peacefully sleeping....
I uploaded them on slideshare yesterday... shared the URL. Thanks for coming to the preso and I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Probably a bit of both...you're big time!!
Just saw GoDaddy ad featuring Mario Andretti. I know he's a legend but shouldn't companies be promoting active drivers during month of May?
You're in vegas? Go to chipendales! LOL!
THANK YOU. I can't even look at her after 500 annoying whines of summer *gag*
Be wary of friends. They will betray you more quickly for they are easily aroused to envy. Thought of the day
didn't think quitting smoking would be this hard on me but my throat hates me even more right now lol
Should I wear my hair up or down for formal? SOMEONE HELP ME
Ah nothing brings people together as much as a good Courtney Bashathon #Bachelornation Does she have fans?
Wished my dad happy fathers day and lamented about the big 12
RT : Horrible news from #Kabul -- gunmen and suicide bombers attacked the Intercontinental Hotel
Thanks for the follow. Let me know if your ever in Dallas
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
you guys were great!!!
Librarians can use OA as way to lead discussion on campus about scholarly communication
Who caught 's "Letting Go?" review in latest ? Fabulous review of #Wikipedia as shared authority.
Check out what an #elementary school #teacher says about using an #iPad to teach her #kids.. or rather what they've taught her.
Oh no. I'm sorry for your loss.
overusing hash tags to sound cool.
I'm confused
we love the blog and want in one day
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Along came a Spider!!
happy Founder's Day!
Strasse Haus Friday night! Get ready to dance. Set list at thefunsize.com/songs.php
Looking for a 9am? staff talk a/b the "Bringing the Lessons Home" program + effective youth engagement, rm 205C/D
did you win springsteen tix? you usually win everything so
Talk shit , get hit . Cause & effect , learn it bitch.
I hope you come back
“: brew city is not funny for that petty ass .08 cents they charging.” taxes! Blame
I'll let that Manchester tee be on you so I can wear it around & promote the band!
My coffee is kicking in and I'm a little bit giddy!
*no car RT : I want a new car.
www.southdetroitshirts.com
- check ur email! ***URGENT MESSAGE***
Red Tails was a great flick. Run on out now and go see it!
yay! Now I'm gonna have to find a way there!
In the parlance of today's inner city youth, last night was a gullywasher
a reasonable amount of destruction is okay
U could say the same about his salary ":Jeremy Lin had 190K followers on China's version of Twitter, now? 607K a219% increase."
It's all good #RedSox just gotta get the bats going before the 9th. Tough loss but that's why they play 162 games.
I swear I know if I lay down for like 2seconds I WILL go to sleep ..
Starting off Radio Freedonia tonight with Christmas songs by Prince > Sonics > George Jones > Big Star. 11pm y'all - !
#nicesuit #ChristianBale #oscars Can I borrow for my date next weekend?
David Whyte in The Three Marriages says when we don't know what to do, we pay more attention, are more creative. Great advice!
God grant me the serenity 2 accpt my congestion, th courage 2 drink foul swill, & th wisdom to refrain from laughter thru the nose
but harry and emma arent dating, right?
Finally home! Sports all day... 4/4 with bowl games thus far and on my way to 5/5 with an Auburn win!
I'm a Utd fan but this is hilarious and true.
Finshed Book Drift, writing a review for Out In Jersey Magazine. Excellent book, thanks Rachel.
Finally safe :)
Another Wednesday . Follow me...
Doug.. Doug... Dougie Doug Doug
Management training today!
they will wet the bed like they have lately
hatin ass fools
Open house continues today 2-7 PM. Kids under 12 free. Art activities for all, free ice cream for 1st 500.
Haters are like crickets, Crickets make a lot of noise, U hear it but you can't see them, Then right when you walk by them, They're quiet.
Thats lighting just scared the shit outta me
Melo's teams had uphill battle 2 get out West first round folks love to point out LBJ took hapless Cavs to Finals.
HI YER CUTE
Sorry for the late reply. And yes! Something about a deal with a local organic food shop...?
Mans got to make a living
pretty dang good stuff from my home state. Check out Lee Bains I & - they just toured with the Shakes.
Do not feel like doing my hair at all
great show Elaine
Stress stress stress stress stress more stress
For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
Do you have a client who needs to master a new accent?
RT : "No man ever listened himself out of a job." - Calvin Coolidge via
2 Add I was too was once a victim of autism as a kid and soon was healed from it. I know how serious this disease can affect.
Aw, thanks for the weekend shout-out!
Tell me the truth, even if it breaks me. Always.
That's the worst lyric ever. What song is it from and why did u quote it?
Depends on what you're looking to do with/post to the conference site. More info?
thanks! See you Wed.
Nail biter of an end coming up in the race at ...
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.
My mom and sisters went to this ghetto ass chinese food place that served fried chicken and they didn't serve orange chicken... wtffff
I really don't think Pat Listach needed to be that aggressive with the send, but whatever its tied!
Just made a new video!! It'll be up Tuesday!! :)
The Lakes are so stupid... they should have traded everything for Dwight Howard. They are so soft
4 gram blunt i think yes !
ill sign you... here is 5 million dollars... go make me a music video!
Anyone who follows me going to #dpla west? Is #dplawest ze hashtaggen?
but it's primal, right?
Good Night....i think
Never be afraid to try something new, because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know....
Producers: Get that beat out of your head! Rent time at BoneBreaker Studios. We have everything you need to make the music.
Do I orNaw??
nothing. lol . but nvm cuz i wanted to chat with you on there but i cant ..
Good news for me--the Robert Glasper doc I've been working toward with director J. Kevin Swain has been given the greenllight...stay tuned!
What's your name?
My parents just drunkenly FaceTimed me. I'm not really sure how I feel about this.
Heard from our friends at World Team Tennis from NYC & they were RAVING about Greenhouse! Thx for proving us right!
I want to be a Grillmaster!!!
IT'S CRAIG. harry, do you watch doctor who!?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
On austerity and architecture: "The difference between a mimalist room an an unfurnished room is freedom of choice." Thomas de Monchaux
Got a new leo! Love it!
Happy First Day!
Using the new communal standing workstation. It feels really good to get up for a bit while working.
But you're also fed these stories about pesticide laden produce & frankenmeat. It's hard.
At school this morning got diss by a singer this morning
Loved the karate kick on stage!
haha when you going back to the 920
Today is a good day.... The broncos pulled through with a victory :)
- Great bar & brews, cheers!
Its so hot everywhere >.<
HOME! Who needs 's great new album, Trespassing? I'm gifting some via iTuneUS. DM your email to me.
LET'S SIT ON TWITTER & BITCH, GUYS. WE'RE SO COOL. #STFU Time to unfollow some motherfuckers.
Hi - thank you. You have a great week as well.
ayy I'm here whenever you need to talk :)
did you come by
don't forget to RSVP if you are coming tomorrow morning. www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com
They can't sit him given how he's hit and they have a LOT of injury prone players. More precise question: 500ABs #s =?
They had Beavis and Butthead that year Letterman hosted.
Let's also put those people in wacky loft spaces that no one without their shit together could possibly afford.
If #Browns pick at #6 it will be one of these: Green, Peterson, Miller, Dareus, Jones, Amukamara, OT Jones. Safest picks.
Behave with your new friend :P
hahahahaha lol are you coming to see me today??? I want those cookies lmfao
Happy Birthday the coolest cat in town !!!
has your madre said you could see me today? AND OH I GET TO CAT SIT MY NEIGHBORS CATS TODAY :3
In Pittsburgh. Apple Store, Red Robin for lunch. Yup, that's a good Friday.
Figured this was the case. I'm actually kind of stunned Maryland hasn't done it yet, seems to line up with their dean's MO
I've been compelled to live in a financial straitjacket from year to year ever since I've become Mayor. [1943]
Does anybody do #FF #FollowFriday anymore? Well, follow He's hilarious.
So are we winning the best army award tonight or what?!!
Tonight we are young so lets set the world on fiya! we can burn brightiya! then the sun!
We have got some exciting news! We are going to be launching on Monday 1/9 and we are going to be on Live Miami next week on 1/19!
I do what I can.
I guess that means Nelson Cruz should be a finalist for a Gold Glove in right field then, right?
awesome, good taste!
I'm going to see Santa Sangre tonight, . Feel free to join!
He did that with last week and I'll bet it was a lot more interesting!
well. It's about getting messy. And that's do much fun!
Actors, best way to show case your talent is at festivals! Get filmmakers on board and submit to this great festival!!!
Open season on any red birds aim high! # birdbrains
so the blazers want John Hammond .... umm they can have him
Holy balls today was NUTS!!!
RT : Interesting quote. Any other wine books you really like?>Yes, "A Life Uncorked" by Hugh Johnson is great.
I have a client and a daughter who use Mint and I think this is a great tool
Whoa, I just read the TOS of a web app before I signed up. That NEVER happens!
The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D
She didn't have to cut me off
Why is everyone surprised that privacy policies are long and incomprehensible? Understanding law is knowing a different language
congrats on your book! :)
just listening to play live next door.. No big deal ...
Ty Lawson is taking this game over wow
An English professor? Is that what I'm supposed to be doing, Lord? If so, I like it!
Congrats for landing the residency. Looks like a great marketing for all parties involved
will serve as Executive Director for next year and will serve as Communications Director.
having been on the ticket-receiving end of that while in college, I agree. Though, marginally. Seattle PD are a joke.
I got the free book...read the first bit of it...and went on and bought the other two ebooks...looking forward to finishing
A) The German cover and title are to die for. B) Sonnenkriegerin? Hello, that's hot. C) LOVE the flourishes in the US book! Gorge.
“ #motto: I'm one of a kind. I'm gifted. I was born to lead. My goal is to inspire the uninspired. I am ME. #Gemini”
500 followers it seems like it was just last week that I had 100 followers. Oh wait it was. Thanks for the support :)
I am who I am.
Sun is gone. Patio ping pong is pointless...wait. We got shuffleboard! Thirsty Thursday Happy Hour till 8pm! $1.50 PBR $2.50 Wells!!
A ritualistic sacrifice seems to be the kind if thing they would do on the #Bachelorette to kick-off the first cocktail party of the season.
If you live in #Oklahoma and have #naturalhair contact for a consult and/or natural hair care products.New store coming soon!
do your damn work ya slacker! #americaisabetterplacetolive because...,
did u receive the email?
Hey I dig your blog. Just moved to LA from NY. How long you been in this crazy town? Thx for the intro :)
Going to my HS reunion in san diego end of Oct. Any one up for hanging out and catching up while I'm down there?
Thanks for the follow can you send me some of your work?
Don't You Miss Your House From Beeing Away From It For So Long lol
awe man that's what's up. I got my cup ready right now
I thank you guys for supporting our growth. There is much more to come!
Good pillows are so important for comfortable sleep. Good mornight!
I wasn't... Surely there has to be something good about a gyno visit.
couldn't make it to the parade today? well these next tweets are links to video's that xlr8 shot today!!!!
I give and give, but she just doesn't appreciate it
I love "blue valentine" I could watch over and over again...m, m Ryan Gosylin!!!
the number.
"Great question! We're us."
When will we hear Mitt Romney Today again proved he's a liar by saying... On the "liberal" #msm news? call it like it is! #mitt2012 liar
What should i do? I don't know I just want ladies in my presence because cuddles are awesome. so impossible
Hello Keiko, what are you doing on this week's Bones? Did O'Brien take Molly for the week?
i miss hangin out wit the loonies.... im gettin xtra drunk 4 u
David Klevan from Holocaust Museum speaking virtually via Google Hangouts in
Oh, Court!! You're the best! Thank you 💜 RT: “: good luck today girlie!! You're gonna do great!”
Hey, I think our premiums are going down already.
Just witnessed an impressive display of stacking as the Depository couriers loaded 88 Hollinger boxes onto their dollies.
Doing some upgrading with your income tax return- Prefinished Tiete Chestnut 3-1/4" is one you should consider.Amazing grain & tones
let's make some magic today
I'll ping you when I'm done.
You'll be with me..then you'll leave and be with the next but you'll still be thinking about me...
How to lie w/statistics? My students need to learn to tell the truth w/statistics first. #papergradinghell #twitterstorians #yes,Cooper
Ever seen a Tundra with a U-Haul for its U-Haul? I swear I could open a mobile shoe store. We might find Hoffa in all this.
Happy Birthday!
Who loves the passive voice? I do. Screw those sentences with clearly stated agents
I'm hungry & I can't find the fucking bread to make a sammicg!! -_-
RT : I appreciate the unique being that you are. There is nobody else in this world exactly like you.
RVD is the Champ, what do you Think about him back in wrestling? Is he one of the Last real legends still wrestling?
IKR btw I actually had a thought about u in biology today
Sorry, folks...putting a picture next to a number does not an infographic make. It's gotta ADD something to the UNDERSTANDING.
"In time, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT TM NEWS COMING SOON!
yeah I'm good babes
Ouch. My best friend once got a splinter in her tongue. But she had a good excuse because it came from her saxophone reed.
good seeing yall!
Awesome day today, mostly cus of #SandersSunday gave me a shoutout :D <21
Games r important it seems - standing room only at session: "Games: Creating Connections to Collections" #aam2012 hope someone tweets out
Hard drive failed this AM. We're rebuilding, but the service is slow in the meantime. Working on pushing out some improvements.
I know I'm your little girl... But don't you at least Want me happy :(?
"What makes you think I want you again?"
I passed a little girl in wal-mart who would be PERFECT to play Katniss's daughter. I hope she isn't scared by my staring o.o
“Ditto to : Happy Thanksgiving! Congrats my fellow winners "
your amazing :) will u follow back? <3
Check your DMs moocher RT : the ostraka and which clay tablets are on display in the hott cases?
Come on hoch #royals keep us in the game. The only hole in our line up now is our future cleanup hitter
because today is Thursday so you write about different throwbacks duuh
Some big Syrahs
40 days of school left. 36 days of GSA. 42 days till graduation. And 8 days till prom.
on now. Listen for the Playlist & hear about a scary trend in medicine. (No, Bruce isn't becoming a doctor.)
How come gets a helmet and I do not. *points up* I have a pretty head.
I encourage you to go to the Red Line meeting and express your viewpoint.
i hate how when i'm trying to make videos my mom is to busy watching like america's got talent and then Just says "Will ya Shut The Hell up"
ha! Thank you! Narcoleptic hipsters will hunt you down now!
We are ready to prove it!
I'm guessing it has to do with combining family friendly nature of parades & the bar scene.
ahh finally on sirius radio :D this excites me!
I think we can all agree its the god damn best
Thank you for reading & sharing! RT : Thanks for writing great content!
Life is a midget so try to live it up
hi, Carl!
seriously!! Not cool haha
Its time! Hell in a cell match, Shawn Michael's, Undertaker, and Triple H!
Can't wait! RT
I do it like Nike, I'm psychic, I know you like it run up in your ass then I dash like a hyphen
jk my brothers are cute all the other kids are annoying
Check out #powerplate at Power Fit Studios Miami and feel the benefits. Your first class if free. +info powerfitstudios.com
Fire up liverpool.
Don't we all ;)
Having an open casting for our new network in Hollywood Fl all ages all talent email
despite a short nap too! Sent some adorableness to you via email. Or tried anyway
Josh "The Little Cowboy" Tomlin escapes trouble in the first with only giving up 1 run with the bases loaded and no outs.
UPDATE---Secret Stall Tues@ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if park in lucky stall-hints given all day-Hint3- now either stall 10,11,12, or 13
I loved already, but I just tried the chocolate flavor for the first time. Mind-blowing! It's like guilt-free chocolate cake batter 💗
maybe you can't criticize him for dead $$ but how about blowing the draft with a costly trade/reach: A. Smith.
rumur this girl is now shaying its
how old are u?
Life is dream..
We love the feedback, keep em' coming!
Thinking of writing a counter list to Pitchfork's albums of the decade. I know, useless/problematical exercise, but I'm a sucker for lists.
so loved that you could join our Mommy's night. LOVE the new look!
Coconut water tastes... unpleasant. Watermelon water: now THAT is refreshment.
The Nike commercial where the athletes are duplicated/ repeated all in a line is phenomenal.
Why do I let dumb boys get in the way of my dreams, boy's are never my number one priority.. singing is. <3
Bet. holla at me
He, or she, who controls the perception of history determines the interpretation of reality for a culture, nation, or person!
If the hospitals don't need the money, end the tax, don't just give it to the billionaire for his playpen.
Hello, just joining in. Love Welchs...when we run out of our own. ;)
Tonight Woodfish performing @ Sullivan Hall in NYC! CD Release. Ages 18+, Under 18 with an adult. 8:30
haha thanks, I think?
Hey and thank you! Been a long time - hope all is well!
#thingsbetterthanpaulsboutique the shit I took this morning.
Just received the first text message ever from my Dad. Welcome to the 21st century Peter. Next, Twitter?
did you see the pic of us from GSLIS After Dark? my, we are handsomes.
Really glad my friend from made it here, too.
Bout to be back to life and reality next week
i hate how people are all obsessed with drugs and smoking&what not. i plan to spend my life doing many other greater things.
Especially a fast lefty. Thanks Bruce.
I LOVE MY FOLLOWRS . CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ?
Likely no DRose or Deng tonight! No worries!!
going 2 start getting ready for church then NO INTERNET for me the rest of the day, lol all about my babygirl 2DAY! lol
super good over here. Tell everyone hello-hi in a super cool way that I would do it :-)
hit yu on the hip
Glad to have rediscovered my stash of Snickers ice cream bars in the work freezer.
Out of Ice Cream. OH NO!
She's fantastic! We love working with her!
My new haircut is in my new profile pic. I got bangs this time.
": loving this, whose paper or talk are you tweeting?" Marcus Boon, then Eric Lott.
lol still? Just getting started
You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you.
This time next year I will be 1 day away from being a married woman! So crazy and so unbelievably exciting :)
Campers are writing their rough drafts of their sripts
when's the next time you'll be in chicago?
Would you like to be interviewed for whytheyteach.com I don't have any interviews from Austrailia yet. You would be the first !
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS, ANY PROBLEM!? I DON'T CARE! ;)
I want to watch movies with Luly.
An earth just rocked #Baltimore!!
RT: - We rocked our demo for and should know whether we made it through sometime next week!
I didn't get any fabulous job offers this weekend, so I guess I'll be back to killing things tomorrow. I'm a songwriter - not a killer. POO
Enjoyed "Purple Haze" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
Peter Bishop is so hot, he gives the earth itself an erection.
Off to Louisiana for a month
GO TO IT! Bittner is too! And you pick.....
Save 10% Today on the Full, Half, or 5K w/ Referral Code LaborDay! Please share this w/ friends. See you in Nov! www.monumentalmarathon.com
Haha oh I am totally with you man :-P. I can never remember to take a water container with me anymore.
Enjoying a nice 'Punchin the Nuts Amber ale' with at Rocky River Brewing Co. Funny name...damn good beer!
What crew is performing right now??
My gosh Crabtree is busy! Christmas is over people.
We could see him snap at the cameraman on TV. Kept asking him "you got enough" and "I'm trying to watch the game". Jerk.
I love you, Like alot. You don't know because i don't want to get hurt.
RT : First 100 guests to Opry Mills get a free cooler bag with yogurt and treat purchase.
I am expecting 2012 to be a great year for music. New albums from , , , and
Blonde at heart RT "You know how some people were born the wrong gender? I'm like that with my hair color"
Mitt Romney addresses AIPAC conference in Tampa.
Google+ is quickly becoming the network of the raging Android fan.
Come on QuickBooks, need you back online.
duh duh duh
Instead of having your sandwich on white bread, try using whole wheat pita bread instead :)
“: I just called in a years commitment. heard you Sun AM & was moved by this cause” thank u!!
I only have one heart so if I am to give it to you all I ask is that you use it wisely...
An amazing weekend. We should do this more often! #MSSymposium Thanks
DO WHAT "YOU" WANNA DO NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT YOU TO DO
Wake up! ..and go to Church- InSpotter mobile app
which one is your favorite?
In honor of #Thanksgiving here is some important vocab, turkey- large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food
RT : Dreaming of owning your own yacht? Then come and check out our fantastic yacht ownership deals at the
For the next hour, ask any question in this post and we will answer! ***PLEASE KEEP QUESTIONS APPROPRIATE AND RELEVANT TO THE JAM! GO!
Watching my dad try to tie his tie >>>
Gorgeous Colorado Day!! High 50s sunshine and blue skies. TGIF!!
true. I just see a lot of similarity in Tannehill and Dennis Dixon. Great at drills. I wish him well.
I will be studying from now until Monday. #finals 📖📝🎧
lmbo go to bed
wuv you too!!!
T.G.I.F.! Follow some awesome local #Fridays supporters :)
'76 Light Blue Chevy Half Ton pulling an Aristocrat travel trailer
Is there a reason why a man and another man can't elope?
I hurt my finger in my door and it hurts reall bad!😡😭
I LOVE YOU!
it's finals week =\ but Christmas break is soon and I'll be on here all the time! :)
#Kansas or #Missouri? Who do ya got?
“: saw the interview on a lot of us are excited about your product!” Thanks for checking us out!
I promised myself I would not tweet anything about Caribbean men...gonna be hard in light of this story with Lauryn.
Thanks buddy! I'll pass their information on...
I should probably be studying for the math quiz, but I'm scared I'm just gonna confuse myself more than I already have.
How many times can Eric Church be nominated for new artist? Every year?
once you leave it wont come back to you, you must walk to it
Man what a night! Good morning
oh I know. Thought it was an excellent point wanted to make sure my followers got it.
Don Fraser~ A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right though neither believes it.
I'm sick bro. And apparently twitter is allowing anyone on twitter now a days. Let's get the sweep today
They block web sites in kuwait
Simple kindness to one’s self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all.” David Hawkins
dude ik! But she's just jealous of you.
you know what I have? A civil war victory, boom.
Just buzzed out.... means more money at 5pm :)
... wow! Even tweeting about bacon works! He's awake! That is much less work.
It just don't feel right! DROSE
I think I reached a new level of fitness today. I could tire myself out.
I caught a glimpse of that HUGE Mercedes-Benz logo on the ceiling of the of the Superdome, pretty impressive.
Like.... Hell
Tuffy Auto Services Center they do good work!
RT : great song! I liked it. -----Thank you so much! We like YOU too:)
Finally made it back from a week in the London airport NIGHTMARE!
Working on our weekly #miami restaurant reviews! #delicious!
You're on team #optout too?
Oh? I'm interested... Does Jorge know him?
This week is gonna be nuts! We're gonna be open Weds-Saturday with Knife Party, Calvin Harris,Steve Aoki, and yes LIL JOHN!
it pales to don Henleys classic record containing sunset grille, boys of summer, all she wants to do is dance...ahhmazing¡
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Just put an email out to my guys for #KRec2012, #throwbacks may have 3 squads
Yeah right after 5th period. Dylan had to ask me if I was okay cause I couldn't stop saying OH MY GOD and beating my locker.
NY area hockey fans excited for Game 1 tonight at MSG. #NYR vs #Devils. 1 NY area team will reach Cup Finals
I need a new Twitter bio. Something short and funny. If I like your idea ill use it but I'm going to delete your tweet and take credit
Students from BMYA show that caring + digital media can be a powerful thing!
I would like to learn more if thats ok with you.
Eating breakfast with my colleagues at Memorial Herman ;-)
And I Mean Dat; Da Person I Claim As My Mama Dead. Trice Aint Nevaa Did Shit Fa Me Or My 6 Sistas And 4 Bros. Fuck A MDay Gift Fa Ha.
Not sure, probably during the summer.
372 pages down, 64 to go.
hey darling, what's up?!
I&#39;ve been tagged « One Inch of Grace
My Sis is so lucky..
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying #juryduty?
Sometimes I find austin hot, then cute, then just don't... weird!
I think every pool should have a DJ
yep, you end up with Google, Intel, Apple, etc
Computers generate basic stories. -who cares about the inverted pyramid if computers run the show? - let's do STORIES!
Sporting' new shades this weekend
Thanks for the follow! We'll need a lot of follows, retweets, likes and shares in the coming months. Your support means a lot.
might be that a "Christ French Toast" is more traditional in terms of sacred breakfasts, yes?
I was always attracted to female athletes.
We officially have a twitter page. Follow us & we will follow back. There's already talk of 2012 Fringe. Stay tuned for details.
everyone stay off the road
I will go nuts if a Kardashian wins the Mega Millions tonight
Working hard with our new SEO partner - Viking SEO. Excited to optimize some great small business websites.
Light please light please turn off the lights
Christian - what new? When is your proposal coming? :) follow u pretty close. Glad things are well!
It's not love that hurts. What hurts is being hurt by someone you love.
I always re-open those blue mail boxes to make sure the letter actually went down.
Just saw my cc bill earlier =( that and student loans? Jeez the life of a #college grad! At least I have $1 drinks with our
Dear oral surgeon... Please don't hurt me today...
#berba deserves better. Especially when welbeck & chicarito suck ass! I said last year lil pea is flash in pan. Sell him!
Same reaction I had. It's the nfl, if it doesn't work out, they cut him. No big loss. But still a bunch of ability there.
Hi cutie pie!
700th goes out to my suite that i miss so much and love so dearly
hey neil!
“: How about them Kings got that W last night” they did that!!
Cool cool.
Thank God for another day!
whatever. Thanks for that
Steve Blake had a wide open shot.... I'm gonna tip my hat to Thabo and his guys for the defensive effort.
Dreading practice today.....and tomorrow....and the next day.....but hopefully having the weekend off will be worth all this work!
« I considered sitting out a semester..»me too or at least going part time
followed, follow back?
Small businesses seem just as bad at replying to Twitter mentions as they are emails. So short sighted - it's kinda sad.
So they're like the Wizard of Oz? Amar'e has no heart. J.R has no brain. FIelds has no courage.
#APtest in T-minus 4 days...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
Lol RT : women need a reason to have sex , men just need a place.
it is a beautiful day for some good times tonight at veranda nyc....
"There are no mistakes on Fridays - Only missed happy hours." We'll see you at Tallulah Crafted Food and Wine Bar
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
I haven't seen in almost a week :(
Move to Oklahoma City, nothing ever happens here.xD
- This Rack City Song Gets Annoying Ass Fuck . ! *
Remember Spring Farm Tour May 19 & 20
Jus figured out I have food poisoning... This shit is for the birds, i mean really cant shit get any worse at this point...
What is self-image? Who started talking about one? I rather fancy it was Madison Avenue. – Madeline L'Engle, US novelist
Just got tapped to facilitate a discussion on "assessment in instruction" for a consortium-wide meeting. Time to relisten to ALI Episode 11!
Blown away by the passion & dedication of the #NoKidHungry #Arkansas team. Their impact this #summer is going to be HUGE
Thanks for the #FollowFriday !
I'm pretty tired of Peggy. Is there another middle-aged, argyle-clad, Eastern European man with a quasi-fro that I can speak to?
Just goes for it. I like it. Good luck, my man RT Not on twitter, in real life. Thanks Racquel.
Don't work to make money .. make money by working to do what others don't do!
Maybe the reason that they were slow to release the name of the DART shooter in Richardson was the bystander killing, possibly by an officer
payback's a bitch.
I want a corn dog >_<
ok love!!!
Cool, my group just scheduled another meeting on the worst times…
awww my door county getaway doesn't start til July. Jealousy :-/
RT : When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
is #amazing and I was #speechless when I listened to someone like you!
Got an hr of sleep. I now know my dog gets up really late 2 scratch her back obnoxiously on carpet and run up the stairs a few times
No doubt fam. How you been? : thanks for peeping it fam!!
omg I feel so dumb.. and I'm not around any internet so I can't delete it..
My 08 friends, what would the equivalent stakes be in hu cash 75/150 08 compared to 27td or holdem? Trying to negotiate terms of hu match...
Korver's unconscious
I had great workouts this week. I keep getting stronger as I get older. Turning 40 in July, doesn't bother me one bit : )) Charge !!!
Thanks following
Thanks Pedro!
Also sad is our media, who were once activists cannot muster the will to stay on topic for more than 5 tweets or 72 hrs.
Holy crap!!!!
Nah. I get a #BeautyandtheBeast feel since I watched the original series back in the 80s. Kids today. ;-)
My ass is in so much pain right now.
I loved watching u nd your daughter dis episode I hope u named the dog sparkle lol
Wish he had answered Braun questions directly, though I'm not surprised that he didn't. Wish more questions were allowed, too.
: Hi There! I hear you are working on some 'Weather' related #LinkedData? What's up? /cc
#madmen tonight!
Hall: need to look at the southern movement itself to challenge the popular narrative - a range of issues happening
You know I love me some YoGa
great meeting you too! was very impressed by your walking backwards while taping yesterday!
The course also features business and energy lectures and field trips to the Electric Edison Institute and the Covanta Fairfax Power Plant.
How do you get kicked in the head when you have your hands ready to block. That guy deserved to get knocked out.
yeah, Joan Rivers.
#Follow our Prez/Founder => <=
BAHHAHAHHA! SILLY CHELSEA!
The part where the monstars get their powers is still scary.
Any of our followers have a use for a 2007 Standard 32x44" Clamshell die cutter with Heat? I have pics and video. Email .
I want to go! That sounds so fun--can't wait to see you and catch up!
the quality or condition of being humble
I love my
Follow? (: PLEASE <3
I'm up and need to go to the store for shampoo.
- show the evidence
looking good!
just ate a sub my mom bought me....from SUBWAY! haha subway da best, jealous? LOL
just finished a tracking session in the #castle , best room in atlanta guaranteed
yeah u know looking gud
Try our veggie chef special, The Grinch's Veggie today!
Steven Kotler is #extraordinary. Enjoy his humor and tales of his personal adventures as you learn to push your limits
I around!
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
I'm not liking this work on Sundays deal...
Hard decisions are plaguing my life right now :(
Tonight should be fun
jones or rashad?
American Idol is having a rough night.
me e e...when r u gonna bring it to work in a duffle bag
Pico de GAP is selling 2 tacos and a soda for $1.69!! They're at wilshire/fairfax! Big promo for their new store "1969" in LA!
Just crossed over thr #michigan state line :) almost home!!!
"Unlike the Heat, the Bulls know how to beat good teams." Lol. SportsCenter crackin me up.
hush you got school tomorrow
Lol as long as you still love me!
Stevie Wonder, performing live right now at Whitney's service - watch and chat with fellow fans on Zenlive.tv
I'm going to stay positive about this morning and keep things in perspective.
HuliHealth comes from the Hawaiian word “huli” meaning “to flip over” Our mission is to improve global healthcare & to turn it upside down.
I think you are amazing!
I believe instagram pictures will be to us what those red tinted pictures were to our parents....#throwback!
there's a reason i havnt been on twitter its all good though playoffs
I love you to <3
Style hair&off to work,you ladies know where 2 find me if wanting me for something when done work,if so stop by&let me know
the mall prolly closes at like 9
I feel ya! RT": i always feel so stressed but so productive at the end of the semester."
#MORETHANTHIS 5 MINUTES AND IM NOT HOME OKAY
I remember now!
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop any time.
Bwahahahahhaa! Laughing out loud at newest youtube video stay tuned!!
hey uh ou know ah just uh message each other. No body wants to see that uh flirtation on twiiiiter. -jako<7
Thanks for the #FF, !
I hate pants.
take your time & do things right..
We're open 24 hours a day at www.choiceeating,com, for your Holiday shopping convenience.
So the new OT rules still haven't impacted a game yet
yeah I know:) think you should follow my tumblr
I foolishly had pasta for lunch. I think I'm feeling a bit slee
from the demented side (all of) her brain. Life at our house was, is singing, dancing, prancing non stop nonsense.
love you
Maybe can add a Dark and Stormy to the menu? I'm sure they'd have a great take on the warm weather classic!
Glad and stopped over to hangout tonight! 😄
let me get your old xbox brah
OMGoodness, can't wait til my step-son #prom(May 23rd) &my lil sister #prom(June 6th)..I'm geeked up tA be a part of their days...all love!
This summer gonna be just amazing <3
had a great time hosting the event on blog, thanks to everyone for coming out! Taking tonight off from the reg show, see ya'll next Sunday!
be yourself and others will respect you
How 'bout a follow back bro? Supporting 24/7.
Just made the best salad ever!!!! :)
Great minds. tweeted a quote from that article yesterday.
Check my Twitter Bckgrnd. Shows broncos, not #15. I HOPE (pray?!) I'm wrong on both #15 and #18. History says I'm not.
House of Delegates gives preliminary approval to income tax bill but big fight could come tomorrow.
You're going to create an on-set romance : ) Have an awesome rehearsal!
I want another one of those ASAP.
We got us a couple of country bumpkins on #16&Preg I always question these situations when the parents let the kids live together.
At IKEA, nightmare!!! Way to many ppl!!!!
me either, we better get on that!
this is the first time in four months that i am working on something other than the campaign i just launched. very refreshing!
Thanks for checking it out!
Looking forward to our community meeting tonight with L&I, our 24th Police District reps & reps from Councilwoman
I would burn for once -__-
-- incredible. Everyone must listen to them immediately. Preferably while wearing jams in warm Tuscon weather.
Dez Bryant is a loaded weapon! He deserves more looks
good morning. Wishing you both a great Friday!
- without precisely knowing the danger, do you think it's time to crack each other's heads open and feast on the goo inside?
Feels so good outside:)
=good but also BHO has a lot more,intelligence,guts,insight,wisdom&more
email me that joint bro so I can gon knock it out
nun hoopn n work
In fairness, you can't really call what Billy Crystal did "blackface," on him it's more like "black neckface."
I told you Superman bitch ..
I am Broadway Producer!! At Godspell in New York. Excited!!
Can't sleep. I need a remedy.
Happy New Year to everyone.
you're going to do a lot of murderin'
Ah, I have this constant fear of sneezing while driving. I just hate it so much!
I feel like my limbs are 1000 lbs each.
Shock, surprise, terror, and forlornness
you gotta keep it up and hold it down. Do what u do man!
try copy editing people!
just caught myself driving with my knees, arms folded.
Glorious sunny day 's INCOGNITO 2nd Opportunity sale from 11a-2p. All artworks $350. $10 admission; free for SMMoA members. Come over!
#HallieDay has made the final 24 of #AmericanIdol!!! The singer won #Baltimore Idol last year, and was sent to audition by
say less smirf ima rut you !!
Having dinner with my Dad! Its great to spend time with family! Good night
Add some personality to your Twitter bio to increase chances of peeps following you back says
make a small disc. make a new layer. make a big disc. animate. tweens the two layers. watch a choppy growing disc!
He looks like a youngen... haha I don't like him though
control+z to get out of the process, then bg to send it to run in the background.
Welcome Back, NBA.
Hey , informs me you won our Fantasy NASCAR this week... Congrats!
the rock is so cool coming through Ktown!
Early on, so many people had given up on the Lions. Glad that they proved everyone (including me) wrong!
How many MS you need to have to figure out the blind tasting test
See, I never trust a man that goes back on his word. I bet you don't even have a lawyer, chump. You just a coward. Period.
- let's hope so. The only thing lacking from Iron Man 1&2 is an actual good villain.
hope it's a Blast! :)
Ky. counties building ambu-buses for disasters
What do you want us to discuss on oue show next week? You tweet, we discuss. Get blunted with us.
95 days until I move!
This week in golf, at a glance The PGA Tour's HP Byron Nelson Championship and the LPGA's Sybase Match Play Championship highlight the we
BTW - Why is KMart in my twitter feed?
let me kno what I can do to pump this movement you got going
My entire body hurts. I don't want to go to work today. :(
I can see that, I am wondering if we are getting figured out a bit
I grew up loving Bop and Tiger Beat in the 1980s! Thank you for being a part of my childhood!
Last puppy class with Jackson. He 'graduates' today. Then I get to go to work and deal with graduation of UVA. Oh what fun....not
keep your metabolism revved. muscle trumps fat for calorie burning—add more, burn more
What about Baker Field (Columbia U.)?
Eating a dinner.
well i am lucky to have cool parents haha. sorry you got in trouble
I just couldn't bring myself to watch it this year
Stuck in traffic
Whether 1 or 33 passengers, whether airport, corporate event or special occasion, visit www.transaccent.com to book your limo!!
“Receive Jesus today with respect and thanksgiving.”
As you watch the mud-slinging political ads, your best choice is to vote for the lesser of two evils, which still screws you in the end.
blackened tilapia at target cafe? This is Webster we're talking about
Are we getting donuts first? Also, do you want to come to dinner? I have to make pop tarts & the guys are grilling
Want to partner with us? We're looking for an animated video? Want to work together?
Who, eat your heart out Aaron Rodgers.
I call her and her ass tweeting
Gorgeous day today, why not enjoy a Hibiscus iced tea with a cup of Curried Pea soup with Mint and a Spinach & Beet salad
If women ruled the world,there wouldn't be any wars, but a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Let us not forget the meaning of Memorial Day. Let us honor those who died for our country and those men and women today who protect it.
My eyes are getting heavy. It's about that time.
sorry if i seem like im in a funky mood but i think me and my husband r splitting up...now what? go crazy???
it sounds cool, right? I'm going at 3PM on Friday. You?
both are horrible
Wish me a broken leg, opening night of Arsenic and Old Lace under way!
I'm tryin to get a hold of Kirby!! How bad does it need touched up bro? It was pretty vibrant last time I saw it..
RT : helps fight human trafficking in California, please share with others and endorse
Thursday works for me! noon?
Email me at , and I'll get you a sign. Thanks!
and yall two can talk face to face so you can explain to him that you don't like comments like jail is amazing
Why does this happen?! :'(
It's so awful that you lost your precious dog. Hugs and prayers.
Harry Potter at 10 in the morning? Today shall be good.
oh cool. I thought I was still in old lady mode and missed a new phrase. So I guess I'm an L7 too. Hot mama days have past.
I bet 20$ that if Hitler or the Columbine killers just hit some sour both jncidents coula been avoided.
I know there is one in san antonio...thats where i eat longhorns...lol BUT i am NOT in san antonio, thats why i said what i said
#Chip just ran the #blur offense on the media less than 12 hours from start to end
With his talent level, shouldn't they be worth one-half?
"But a secret archive is not the same as an archive of secrets." Where/what is that other archive here? Is it speakable?
Happy Birthday to ! You're one hell of a friend, love you! Have a good one!
and I should do a song together...I just gotta learn how to rap first
Spain is really beautiful, which part you wanna go? Summer time is perfect for going to Spain.
If you are a member of the Secret Service and enjoy the company of prostitutes be certain not to be cheap and selfish.
Love this is so wonderful!!!!!!♥♥
We'll have our weekly hula show on March 12, at 1 p.m., with Hui Lanakila.
I feel great bud... I napped all day while you were on the road...
A little late there isn't T? I should have seen your check in down by the river by now
how close to combat boots do you want them to look like?
Looking for someone to help sell my Get Work as an #Actor Seminar to colleges. If interested - contact me .
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us
i see u like grayson
At Bentley U
Jacob Latimore is another boy that is HOT almost ICONic HOT but not really.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
girl, yes. lol 4 days stuck in bed is no bueno, especially when the sun is out
hmm not that I heard. But I was on other stuff today. Glenn might have followed up on it.
Go Louisville Cardinal Birds!
Mahomies please follow this awesome girl :) she need more followers kay :)
I want wings but I don't wanna be fat.
Oomf is a ticking time bomb.
MWP is gonna have a great game!
I often sit in front of an Apple store and think the history of technology and see how little people are able to know. Checkbooks ready!
EORZ might be one to watch.....
I can't remember how we got it but I *had* to give it to my aunt, mom-of-my-black-cousin-&-grandma-of-a-black-baby - but she
I agree!
"regular show" is freakin awesome!
Twitter is broken. :C Life has no meaning afterall.
That awesome moment when you buy a bag of air and the company was nice enough to put some chips in it
every game?? He miss too many bunnies
Please subscribe to me on YouTube at LaurenxxxPink
Hold on for a rough Monday...RT : Japanese stocks fall sharply; Nikkei Average down 2.8% -
Yes, so I can finally return the copy you so selflessly lent me. Thanks again!
HAHAHAHA! Oh my gosh xD I can't even remember what I used to look like!
you are the company you keep. guess that makes YOU a moron.
Java Developers and Architects needed. Send resumes to
n we gotta take a group pic so they can send it to da media
Aw so u hate sleepin alone huh? So wen u called I bet I didnt pick up that phone huh? U get my text sayin I didnt fall asleep on my own huh?
brought a jacket and umbrella to work today in case it rains, guess where they are: IN THE CAR! and it's raining. SWIFT.. very SWIFT.
Happy Leap Day!! What's everyone doing with their extra day??
oh cool. I thought it was cosmo, sorry about that.
Have gone from having Inspector Gadget theme stuck in my head to "I've been workin' on the railroad". Not sure which is worse.
Rough cut is done! Now the fun part--fixing, focusing, pacing. Getting real creative. Starts today. Man, I'm jacked!
so pissed we are leaving for Maryland earlier in the day. You sticking around Cleveland Sherrod??
Attachs divide if you are not grounded in your decisions.
We challenged Don Redman to a #debate. He accepted. Lulz. More details to follow. Stay tuned... #COJ #Jax #OneManShowDon #occupyjax #99%
it. Was i never wanted to wake up ): haha hopefully soon itll come true
Last tweet was a little too controversial for a RT from Stevie, might of ended up on sportscenter
#youknowyoughetto when u bu $5 dollars worth of gas
Take off the STAR TREK googles Levar!!
j'aime ce chanson. Mais je n'ai pas plus que ce chanson. Feel free to share other good songs!
i want u too follow mee
Getting ready for this day game at GABP see you all after the game. ✌
"Guilt sucks".
The United Arab Emirates is home to the 2nd-highest concentration of global retailers in the world, following the U.K, reports CBRE
I rather they did nothing if that's the case. They need a legit right handed bat & maybe another starter
Having a healthy lunch at FreeFoods before today's work out. Don't know what to have though, all their stuff is so yummy but healthy :)
Local food sales estimated to be $4.8B in 2008, and projected to climb to $7B in 2011 (USDA-ERS report)
Thank you for considering us my dear! Cheers, Alex
yo I'ma go till later on, I had to come home after school
#FF A true professional who doesn't providing expert advice!
Haha it's fine, I probably would have acted the same way c:
thanks Doug !!!
I didn't want to stop txtin him
.O I LIKE COOLKID
": Gamel better be ok." He's probably out for his career
what a delightful way to live....i think i'm gonna go climb a tree or something.
Text me! I have to get off soon.786 477 3727~
still worth packing a snowball, though :)
Now entering the post Salt Lick meat sweats.
The Port of San Diego board approved the donation of a bronze version of "Unconditional Surrender." The donors still need to raise the $
I just called it 'the most profound tweet ever': "The Iraq war is over" - President Obama. Your thoughts?
Hey #Bestie!! getting some meeting notes ready for Wed. How are you doing
oh shit my girlfriend in that thang
you don't want none of this!
Caps game tonight? We’ll be there, hoping you’ll win a chance to get in the DC Lottery’s Money Machine and grab all the cash you can!
I love watching the Cat In the Hat!:-) one of my fav movies
So sad... probably scarred for life.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
i was shocked when i seen the picture of him smoking though.
I'm not sure. I gotta look at my schedule. I don't have it with me atm.
So proud of my SBC sister, Ms Jamie Brown!! She's an example that there's NO EXCUSES for ANYONE... Jamie is hard of hearing, stands as...
Thanks, Martin!!
God Korn were so good in the 90s
Dear Bing Maps. TYVM for being better than Google Maps. GFY for losing my work. Now I have to waste a whole 'nother hour proctrastinating.
/// And you niggas wonder why Madlib, Flying Lotus, Dibia$e, Black Milk, Exile and them are so rare & authentic....
Been to #Indianapolis for a #meeting, #convention, or #tradeshow lately? What did you enjoy most about the city? Tweet us !
Need to listen to "in your room" by Depeche Mode. Such a great song from a timeless album.
Well thought about getting Starbucks this morning, but instead ima buy a dub :o
"I must got down to the sea again, the lonely sea and the sky, and all I need is a tall ship, and a strong wind to steer her by"
Ha, I got that kinda loving to keep you off the streets.
