No work 2day makes it easier! Still challenging running errands tho. Ready to breakthesilence!
- The way I see it shid less friends less fuckn Drama.... Even more time to #FocusOnYoDamSelf!!!
Wow! You're a great inspiration!
you need to literally crush them shoes u wear to school and burn them
I'm listening to wind| blowing in extreme weather | 41 & dropping from 72 yesterday
Thursday...where did the week go. Where are your restaurant reservations this weekend?
Happy Star Wars Day, "May the Fourth be with you!"
Product B from Isagenix is on the market! Aid your body against aging, learn more at www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
Aw, I'm sorry. If Dan weren't so old, you might stand a chance. You can tell him I said that. :)
N' I'm up bout to head ova to the barbershop..
Burger for lunch was so salty, I think I can actually feel my organs shutting down. Water!
11 more days until my brithday
i just put on my noise canceling headphones
oh how much I wished I could save you XOXOXO
Caught a sneak peek of a certain new tap system in the EV today! Can't wait until we release, but more important, until we taste test!
: thanks for the follow! Looking out for your awesome tweets.
well, since you've asked: I'm doing very well in all areas of life and tomorrow is one year since my diagnosis. So I am gravy. :)
and the catcher was holding back the umpire will he get suspended for touching a ump
Rereading your post,im probably taking hometown too literally.Meant for artist to go from A->B,they feel supported/welcomed in B.
Great meeting the BRILLIANT young sister tonight at the panel on Black Women. Do you follow her? You should.
I was banned from attending mine a couple years back by a sociolx grad and prof. Seriously mean stuff.
Songwriter night at the Cantab in Cambridge, MA. feat Liam Reddy Dani Moz, and Derek Astles. 21+ show, $6 cover always a great time. 8-11p
hello. i''m hungry.
I know I'm gonna gain alot of weight oh well I'm prego!!!
well duh
RT Wonder what happens to water after it goes down the drain? More than 180 mil gal of waste water processed daily. ow.ly/8B4gR
Got my 99 cents store up and running! I'm humbled because this is my first business venture since I failed at a couple a few years ago.
Hope peeps tune in to #HappyEndings and #Apt23 in the fall on Tuesdays on
- I hate the new timeline do you?
Got 2 b at wrk in 3 hrs so wit dat being said good night my beautiful tweet fam
Every time I hear Hakim Warrick's name, I think of boom goes the dynamite.
Brilliant. And hey, that's what's so great about this subject, airports: it brings people together, across fields!
A lot of moms really just want to sleep in today (:.
shhh that makes me sad :( anytime you are in the city hit me up!!! Seriously!
yupp it's terrible, I dropped my phone and can't see anything lol
Watching Ridley Scott's Director's Cut of "Alien"while I sit here and wait for the MacBook to finish downloading. 4 hours 49 minutes to go.
stop the hostility and just start this orgy please.
It's 2012. Why are we still writing crappy headlines?
Lord, save me from these whores today.
Happy Mother's Day (:
Meet our sister company ~ Shanna Kane founder of OC Babysitting Service event tonight!
Shout out to , HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAAABBYYYY! (: Love ya girl!
no, I'm still waiting on beer!
omg blueberry pancakes sound soo good! ah =)
yea i no thts y i think Diall should be trending it just confuses everyone!
"How is Everyone?!" "How feels Everyone?!"
We use only genuine wool mitts and hand dried with chamois to prevent scratches.
So happy for Great job #TeamMelanie ! :D
That's so nice! I saw a lovely Yellow Warbler nest at the #biggestweek, but it was too far into the shrubbery for a photo.
RT : I have lost the will to anagram the word “live.”
I'm glad I'm Bout my money n can't nobody Tell me diff. Oml
Sorry Mike, I won't be able to join you on Tues. I have to run the store. Getting busier can't take the time away.
�Borracho! I think that means drunk. My spanish aint what it use to be. :/ but ne ways
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Ready for school (:
Nice season so far....keep up the good work! See you next week.
You're original,cannot be replaced.
NO DON'T YOU DARE WRITE YOUR NUMBER ON MY WALL YOU ASS
Don't stay up late tonight it will be a early morning for ya! Lol have fun tomm maybe we will see ya out on the water
DESTINY TO THE RESCUE! I'm comin' baby!!!
nothin just sitting here on my laptop lol youu ?
you right haha next time
remember when we were all about finding our "Jim's"? hahaha
RT : Everyday is a fashion show and the world is your runway.
Someone should definitely talk to me:))
hey can you check this song out #shethick on YouTube I want you to make a video and killed that bytch :) I know you will
Wanna listen to the mysterious person who updates SFR's Twitter? My show, "Acrosonic Tonic," is on air this afternoon from 3-4!
#FF why not she's fabulous!
My mom woke me up just to feed me
who did he block?
Formal writing voice
I can't wait to see you guys as well! A lot of xoxo for mi amor Mia♥
I thought that Hervé Villechaize was dead?
Jacob Martin is in the final 8 to open for Bon Jovi. Fans can vote once per day at www.kqrs.com. Voting starts midnight tonight
I need one more follower to change the horrible number
This girl is so ready to SMASH!
True! Unless u already knew 'em...it would be fun to meet everyone, creates a friendly environment :-)
RT : Ya'll have any t-shirts in my size. My master got one and it rocks!
I'm just truly sorry for EVERYTHING I did to you.
If I'm coaching imma make em play!! N take this loss on the court
kisses for only her <3
You must be having the same issue I am.
On valentines day: Expectation- To get chocolates & flowers from someone special. Reality- Alone at home, surfing the web.
He is older than Father Time
im wearing a t-shirt outside........IN JANUARY!!! NO!
"I'm running as fast as my mind will let me" Frank Ocean - Dreamkilla
Excited to see you this morning after reports from ;-)
can your cousin or whoever do my tattoo?(:
“: was brilliant in both the short & long. So proud of him! I almost cried after his win.
love it when things work themselves out
if only wat
thanks guys, so much!
The refs are trying to make an easy game for the Miami heat they are calling everything on the NY Knicks i guess when u have refs on ur side
Wow, going to pay the price for losing that 1 hour today. Trying to get things done in first part of day, then some R&R later.
hope u feel better soon!
I hope I never have to say this again but GO Packers!!!
My legs are numb 😳
It looks a white Christmas to the north! Which is causing some slippery roads, drive safe!
ha! Yeah me too:)
Gorgeous day with nothing to do who's in Mil
Thx 4 the follow...All the best to you!
what are you getting?
Happy #TT Thanks
RT : Well, that was fast. Looks like transit funding restored in Senate version budget! More later.
Good-morning
So much to do so little time
They do come in handy!
And it's not over! Gr8 seeing you at the #Oregon #wine tasting. RT : Wow! You've had a busy week!
THIS WEEK WE ARE CELEBRATING ROB FROM BOBBYFRESH.COM BDAY & GIVING AWAY KID CUDI/ASHER ROTH TIX! + 50CENT DRINKS!
easy to do on your home court.
My head is killing me!!
#NewYorkCity, u sparkle like diamonds flying over you. U look too pretty 4 crime. I'm Magnetized 2 #cities. #Chicago, see u soon 2tallGirl!
Let me perform
Hate to think about it. McCutchen trade idea isn't dead In NH's mind. What would be a fair/realistic "dramatic" overpay for him
I was somehow left off of the #Time 100 most influential people list
thanks so much for your consistent support - we totally appreciate it!
I would love to come to your kid's recital, but I'm too busy paying the neighbor kids to throw rocks at my head
On The Phone with Randall Freaky ass...
I would if I could. Mrs. Rlwegner is out to dinner with a friend, so I'm on daddy duty.
#Tigers, 3-2. Pretty good game. Great pitchers' duel. Redemption will have to wait another day.
let's run away from these lies
Wanna be nice and wish my best friend rosie a happy bday? :)
Just had an occassion to use "white out" on a document. I realize how much I miss using it. Do you even know what "white out" is? *Sigh*.
Im outta town...Working on this Music.....im paintin.....this Pacasso.......
my life is the most complicated shit ever right now..
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow > & Read The Funniest Tweets U will like them Guaranteed, ♥ ThankYou
RT Still waiting on one of you assholes to explain the Easter Bunny to me.
I loved #EasyA too! I agree about Emma Stone... I love her
The light bulb just went on for me and I'm excited about the future!
Personally, I think our boy Tom Bissell is going to be fierce tonight. But Jerry Stahl? There's your No. 1 seed.
Billy Cundiff is officially the "Heartbreak Kid"...
I dare you to touch my food
Just getting in Washington.(:
Downloading the first draft of the surround mix for our Nono recording. Impatient and excited.
The Ambassador of Argentina, His Excellency Ambassador Chiaradia, will be in ICC 450 :00 to discuss issues facing Argentina. Join us!
#Breathecarolina kind of morning. #TheVow tonight :)
I'm doing an 10 hours o sleep in 5 days.
Detroit advances beats Yankees.
Good luck today to all of those in the GERMS EMT-B class who are practical testing today!
Ah, that oversight has been remedied... With Scotch!
Wish I could've been back in time for 's party!!
RT : Seski the Sasquatch is on the road completing his Oregon 150 Challenge this week! follow
please, please do something about the 27. I don't exaggerate when I say it's at least 15 min late/early 90% of the time.
Really? Is that just you or everyone too?
that's a start...
Hi all! Another great day to come!
I love you too! :)
RT would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon. me and ,/ make it happen
Ever had a salad so good you can't shovel it in your mouth fast enough? #cheesecakefactory #thatswhatshesaid?
Wishing you a happy and healthy Easter and Passover--Living Fit Now.
Not the cashiers and sales floor people. I lasted two weeks. Sometimes *nothing* is better than something!
In tough times, British artists hit the streets
Christian rarely is fully clothed.
im really not
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you mixed with something?
anal probe
#ultravioletfestival carnival rides announced, going to be huge!
Going to see my BEST SISTER FRIENDS & Going to be great next few days!
Love Repair This Sunday March 27th!!!! Tickets on sell now!
teen nick
#operationfindnextgf Gotta love music
Sure thing Justin. "See" you Thursday at next session :)
#69Factsaboutme 31. I can't go anywhere without wearing eyeliner.
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
lol I'm never an asshole
LOL your horrible
But on the other side of the Mississippi? The WORST eyebrows. Just the worst.
had only been on the job for six weeks when her first story on the Penn State scandal ran March 31
Green pants it is
First time seeing Ryan Miller play in person
Careful when saying "pardon me" in Mississippi. You just may get a call from the Governor.
Gamel looks like a fool w/all that chew in his mouth. Chipmunk!
“: Hey Boo! Saw your reel.... GO GIRL!!!! ” Aww THANKS, SIS!! Appreciate you!!
black floks will not do rite des dayiis
Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window! ~ Anon
Bernie Sanders: We Need Medicare for All at State Level, Not Wholesale Repeal of Health Care Law
My bladder is seriously about to explode and I'm listening to Umbrella by Rihanna :[ omg
Sounds fun!
Unfortunately I had to leave town at the last minute… but thanks for the warm wishes and the shout-out.
FelCor Reports First Quarter Results
thanks! We try to keep it fun and interesting!
sweet! My all-time Fav Qb! Montana !
Welcome to Austin!! See you at Deep Eddy and Barton Springs! And if you have trees be sure to water them :)
Love is giving abundantly and selflessly... Love is sharing a slice of pizza under the pouring rain :) Thanks to
Saw a gal I'm pretty sure is a cutter. Feeling such hurt for her. Let's be kind to people out there ... including yourself.
Good morning y'all!
getting ready to get this hair chopped off
OMFG, YEES. ARE YOU GOING TOO?
Nick Jonas for president
SAT word of the day: effrontery (n.) impudence, nerve, insolence
The thought of you just makes me sick to my stomach.
There are vendors who have cost effective HIPAA portals out there, usually via email. If you google, you may find.
At Mitchell International having a preflight anxiety reducing glass of vino. When are they going to invent teleporting already!!!???
I swear to god my news channel steals every video from your show, just sayinn.
Spent a week in the southwest - including Mexico - and I still can't get enough So good I want to take it behind the school and
It's great to volunteer for Ross! Find out how: Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or .
i think the highlight of my day was watchin porn lmao..
Tonight I'm going to live by the rules of "Yes, Man"... So I really hope I'm not asked to do anything stupid because I'll have to do it...
I thought sticking with more familiar units would keep it more approachable. I linked them for further reading though :)
any takers? no, okay.
you're sweet Jeshhhka
and we'll toast a few more times when you're down here in NYC! thanks man!
Hey do you like bass?
The next time I hit up the grocery store, I will give it a try!
Watching Color Splash. I think I want 's laugh! Maybe the body too if any fairy godmothers are reading...
What's your "MUST HAVE" menu item when you come to Figueroa?
hope you didn't suffer through the smurfs like I did today! You gonna make it to NOLA this season?
im watching americas got talent from last night and this guy was like freakin elastic!
I truly adore the sound of falling rain at bedtime.
politicians, not just Obama, always say l we're gonna create jobs"and people blindly cheer without questioning how.
I know, right?! Warning duly noted ;)
big in Russian really means big
it stop raining a little
I just sent it!
hey I purchased Synoptic and need to see if you can do some custom work on it for me, shoot me an email plz :D
had the scariest raps I ever heard as a Yung n*gga Bloody bodies & shit! Shit gave me nightmares scarier than Freddy nJason
bbtw amazing beautiful blue in ur living room
you best watch yoself G. I know where you work.
in computer class kooln
Before Or After!!!
CBI Tourney - For Non-Championship Games- In Past 4 Tournaments the Over has been 73.6% - This yr's CBI so far the Over is 87.5%
lol u welcome!! Accept it as a early b-day present
It makes sense to me that I bought the majority of my #Halloween costume today.
*cue sad trombone*
is my hero. Just saying.
Completely shallow reason to vote Obama in November: are you curious to see what Ann Romney would wear to Inaugural Ball? I'm not.
what happened tonight man??
Just got my ticket! Are the other bus organizers on twitter?
LOL RT : Coach Carter is a top 10 movie.
We wrote a new Zotero translator for our catalog. Now to get it committed to the universal database of translators ...
Glad the new Nike Packers jerseys did not change that much. Interview today and then more job searching.
Text "VANG" to 90210 on your mobile phone to subscribe to Evangeline "Van-G" White Mobile Alerts
Oh and who minds his damn business and couldn't care less for my friends.
Our business and our industry were immensely impacted by his innovative, creative mind. Technology and the world lost a genius.
watching #theitcrowd ep the speech. The more I watch it the funnier it is.
put Melo shit on the backboard
Hey Dave: Are you still affiliated with the Simons Foundation?
Tried to do the butter challenge in 15min... I think there's a reason "mantequilla" is so similar to "man tequila." Still recovering...
Blah, I think I may have f**ked up in a serious fashion </3
how tall are you?? Cause I'm 5'9
lmao idr telling u.. Did I?
Feeling the post-college void. Read this! bit.ly/EXAQX
just wait, they are incredible animals. We rock/papers/scissors to see who had to crawl in the animal to kick out the guts.
Gonna eat some rock music with Left and Right at D.C.s Velvet Lounge tonight. Come share pastries with us
Maintain your brand... be consistent
I LOVE
Can You Follow My Friend And Check Out His Vids
Homeboy had me cuffed up but he talked me into breaking loose!
only if she got away tho.
I'm here with the family and saw you by the concession stands but didn't say hi because the show was starting!
The current federal minimum wage of $6.55 per hour (effective July 24, 2008) will increase to $7.25 per hour (effective July 24, 2009).
You're Spectacular!!! :) Yes we will unless this hurricane does some damage here!! lol
It's a Metro Diner morning!
NO WAY!!! I thought it was just a visit.. IM SO EXCITED! <3 what school are you gonna go to??
OK, I've had my fill of drama here. Time to sleep.
Ah, another brave soul up this early. How are you Vicki?
yo. we should hang out on my birthday!! *june 4th* :)
Damn, I just realized I'm going to be out of town for the Belmont Stakes. That's a fun day at the races!
Calming down with some Starbucks.
lmao!!!!! That was too real!
We still have March 14 15 18 & 19th free to book Pubs Party's whatever in the states on the way between OH & TX. KY,TN,AL,MS,LA,AR,MO,IL,IN
more than 100 employers to attend Job Fair tomorrow at Oakland Coliseum.
was great, awesome burgers, wings. Thanks again for the tip
The ending of the MW3 campaign is the best one of all 3 games. I feel bad for those who just skipped to the multiplayer.
"The cynic says, "One man can't do anything". I say, "Only one man can do anything." John W Gardner
#nowplaying I've Just Seen A Face by The Beatles
Good luck at Mizzou, you guys should be tough -signed non-butthurt UK fan
I left the house already. Put my bracelets on and everything :) lol
Attending the Va. Public Relations Awards Ceremony tonight. Time to bust out the wide-collar leisure suit.
you go glen coco. show them bitches who's boss.
How are you?
yay! RT : Present and accounted for RT : who's here with me at #dthr ? Roll call...?
How do they determine that Aaron Curry would only have a 45 in zone coverage according to the #maddendraft ratings i see now...
Our featured member of the week is Daniel Lee. Congrats Daniel!
Yes! That makes me really happy (:
im afraid to even look at you.
Same here I needed him and I got him and I'm gonna see him soon again!
Shocking news re Brett Miller. Sat next to him recently at a dinner in Philly. Smart, tight lipped but engaging and thoughtful
Everybody favorite word now a days... "boo." Come on now... kill that.
happy friday! thanks for following :)
paperbacks but I am planning to get an e-reader in 2012.
My fault on that. Didn't see the RT. Regardless, it's hard to make a decision on things like that from our couches.
people in my class were making fun of you and your smile and your old gap. I have a gap 2! I told them you're beautiful!so shush!
That awkward moment when your girlfriend has that ex that is still trippen off her. lol #smh move on already.
RT If you're looking for good Asian cuisine try Bac in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood. Yum.(Very True!!)
If a guy catches you checking out his girlfriend, just say "Relax, you're on a hidden camera show". Then sneak in a boob honk and run.
I always get sick at the wrong time... #stupidflu!
Counting down the DAYS! RT“: how soon ?!?!”
Thanks! I'll check it out.
I got three new #dancemoves 1. The single , 2. Double Dick Down, and 3. The pussy waterfalls, videos and institutionals comin soon lol
Rad people. So give em a follow
MT Win or lose, help us thank #KUbball for a great season! Sign our thank you note in for $10. Call 785-832-2222 for info
": #YouGetMajorPointsIf you actually do what you say you are going to do..."
don't forget!
instagram is gonna take over at some point
haha, Follow Me! :D
she wants to die
nothing came up you put it in wrong LOL but i will follow her
Love TED USC app... Pretty awesome
Oh how I missed southern air conditioning. It's a gift.
So now we know about your richard now go for the brass ring
Bucks players in the house! Its a good saturday night!
Gettin' my Google Drive on. No need for a license.
I detoxed! Feel great! RT : A staggering fifty percent of all Americans over the age of two consume sugary drinks on a daily basis!
I don't NEED no man...But....I wouldn't mind to have one that wouldn't fuck me over (y)
Watching the season premiere of TRUE BLOOD with family and friends!!! We we we so EXCITED!! XD
hey guys, I gave Lindsey the login to our account, hopefully she doesn't blow it
Half hour to showtime get your thoughts together and help welcome our new Public Safety Director, Frank Straub, to Indy
contests are fun
Officially obsessed with #TheVoice. So refreshing to see vocal battles, rather than Jersey or Housewives battles. Quality reality tv.
Perfect arctic day in MN. Too bad I'm a cold weather wuss, and happy to be heading back to Colorado!
fasho still in Aberdeen I see
WH's Daley says best day on the job was when USA killed Bin Laden
": Niggaz broke but tellin bitch's that they got it tho hahaha" cracks me up....like dude be u
you were nothinq i expected .
Did I mention hookah?
Caramelized almond morsels covered in dark chocolate are Trader Joe's greatest creation.
I love Gabby too!! I'm reading Spirit Junkie right now :)
So I'm at this train station and this dude doing backflips off the bikes that's locked up. Also walking on the rails. Thinks he a ninja.Smh
day 4 on coldwood. pretty easy day foe me, just one short sce. tomorrow a diff storey!
Everyone will get one tooth. You can trade my teeth like pogs too
Super infuriating to be early for the bus ... And the bus was even earlier than you.
umm I don't think that's good for me... & lunch is too short of time. Can't you shower? Sorry to be pushy .___.
thanks for the retweet, Cam! Hope all is well.
what does that mean again..
second pot!
"In my opinion, there's nothing in this world Beats a 52 Vincent and a red headed girl"
I can always count on tweets to put me in an awesome mood.
Avoiding process service only makes me want to serve you more. You can run, but you can't hide. W.mwishartpi.com Check me out on Manta.
Andrya is horrible ... forfeiture ever showed you ... like REAL talk.
We always a have a great experience in your Herndon very food allergy friendly.
Going to Maine tomorrow whoot whoot!!
We absolutely agree. We have clinical studies that will change peoples lives!
yep! So are you a programmer?
you guys are the greatest ever! :)
follow back so I can message you back...
Chris brown article in the billboard magazine. Mann!!!! finna rock that stage at the billboard awards. I can't wait!!!!!!!
wow thanks! :-)
RT : Listening to Death Metal on Spotify in the office... just to piss everyone off! See everyone tonight!
Boys game starts now vs Mill Creek
When u pray, go away by yourself, shut the door behind u & pray to ur Father in Private. Then ur Father…will reward you. Mt 6:6
CC is as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
ALA has to get those ribbons made somewhere. Demon free @ your Library would be catchy. Hmm research.
The Appraisal: Stalking the $600 Apartment in a Changing Brooklyn There are still areas where a cheap apartment or share can be found in
I've been running 3 miles every other day this week. Will see how much it helps me out tonight at Kendo.
Poke war
sweet I'll add it to the list
Looks cozy! Hope you're energized & refreshed! RTSoo tired! Gunna go sink into the Fatboy and watch some tv
CBIS is playing out just like the editor called it just reached high of day no pun intended
Wish it was Friday ! #longday 
room 4 all +all for the love of Portland
So long JoPa, thanks for We are Penn State
An update on what your favorite alpha has been up to: Westchester boys are so D2M along with Leesh and Kuh-laire and Westchester in general.
Okay seriously a Men In Black 3? Have we run out of new #movies ideas.
My 6th grade son has had his eye on girl @ school all year. This AM he said he's going 2 ask the big question 2day. Not sure what that means
Tomorrows plan - school, work, gym.
If anybody needs me I'll be in Skyrim all day.
What a boring ass day...
damnit, I never was good at math!
still in the mission?
I fucking hate it when the refs take over a game. The officiating has been horrible throughout the entire playoffs so far in every series
Good night :-)
what happened to you? You disappeared.
#FF the stars of our summer shows:
you should definitely get Team Medronic for Legends and buy
Got the best #hanukkah present! thanks mom and dad!
My 3 part #knit a hat series begins this Sunday April 17 I still have a few places left
If you don't like how he's playing then change the record,you can do better So change the record.
you got that right. 12 years old all the way. being 15 is overrated.
Never let a stranger into your home. All K&M professionals wear uniforms and arrive in clearly marked vehicles with the K&M logo.
#Yes just got off stage, waiting for to take the reigns. Gotta love
Fils de pute! MT : So excited to watch Game of Thrones that we put up with the French subtitles I accidentally downloaded.
Anniversary dinner last night at Zola...FABU!! Followed by a production of Oklahoma at the American University. Life is good! =)
oh! Who are they interviewing??
it's 100% political with the companies. The old people who run them don't think it will add value to their content. Morons.
Just arrived at BWI & finally got through security & ready for Chicago.
i have a feeling that's a bad thing...
I will come by soon to have my Chicken empanadas RT Always Dan!
Im so self conscious about my weight
Well, in that case, I'll keep you around in case some day you prove you can awake me ;) hahaha
I'm in. Sign on statement?
come and visit!!!!! im not joking!!
Davis leads 45-32 with 1:49 left in the third. Too many turnovers for Evergreen if it wants to pull the upset."
Welcome to the C+S team !
Dir. Claudia Mueller of CVL: "Only the mediocre is at their best at all times."
#ASECS12 thanks to Melissa Antonucci for chairing the SEA panel.
So excited to see debut on Around the World in 80 Plates tomorrow night!
Good morning, thank you for the follow
Lawd. I wish you the best of luck tho. (:
thanks! Hope you have a great week..
lol! Well good bc yours are flawless!
I hate my face..alawtt
im in need of a new picture on here haha time for an update
yo dog where is my money
How far behind the curve am I - didn't know that libraries lend e-books -
Our feet? They make us giggle, venture, protect us. My store has 30 Yummy smelling, Sensual scentsl Foot scrubbys to chose from. Treat them!
student tells me he doesn't listen to sexist snoop dogg songs anymore b/c of my class
LOL, close but Miami's offense can move the ball, Denver not soo much
LKJHGFDSAZXCVN I go to Reynolds :'c my cousin goes to David Douglas. it's not too far from me.
On my way to fort worth
Is this true love or will it be just another relationship? For me it's true love because your all that makes me happy, do you feel the same?
I hope I don't melt at my sisters game.
Setting the fall workshop schedule. Processing, interactive media, Freeduinos, Arduino programming, etc.
Sounds great! Maybe can do some PR. RT : Thank you #MKTG118 for all the tweet love!! You got it! We'll be there!
So I Told Her!! wassup yea U Know Im Wassup!!
Need some R&B tracks? Serious Inquiries only
For every follower I get it seems I lose two
Who wouldn't want their palate saturated w/ buttery blackberries laced w/ spicy vanilla & sassafras?!?! Syrah-braised Short Ribs anyone???
J Beibs' performance is physically painful. I'm vicariously embarrassed.
My new ubiquitous slang term is blurry.
Sounds like it was just as big of a zoo as I expected!
Kill Bill <3
Tweet me a number & I'll write a tweet about youu
"Accept disorientation." The wonderful + wondrous attitude of Art. So, open Q: To what extent is this attitude the product of comfort?
“: Taking my next paycheck and buying 365 pairs of boxers and only doing laundry once a year” fucking genius true visionary
D-trix: "Hello...ladies...I like your outfits"
Things are good :) u? RT : hey man, haven't talked 2 u in awhile. things good on your end?
Sassy Saturday, yeah baby! I'm spendin it n the house. Lol
get drunk and do something that u will regret for a long long time
Still haven't watched last week's Game of Thrones so tonight I get two, back to back!
i dont think i been that drunk in a long time. haha well who am i kidding, man last night was a blast! another day another nigh tonight!
did that play a role in a kids future? Huge, huge reach on your part
Everyone, is on 4 polls on espn's sports nation website. Go vote for plush!
Chris Pyke @ #VERGECon: creating a stream of data about user experience in buildings not just energy consumption
#ksugraduation Babies at the 7 pm ceremony, too.
This aint no f*ckin sing along so girl what u singing 4
NBD as in "I know you know who Sal Dali is & I chuckle at your dismissivness in support of giant fat statues?'
The American Dream is still alive. And the tiers in the pyramid allow for some change in lifestyle that can be noticeable.
"If it is only difficult, it is done; if it is impossible, we shall see.” — J. F. Michaud
#successful ..... how's the power moves coming along?
result of some gis work: TrackARaindrop.org - track how water flows from your house to a river, and what pollutants it picks up.
Have you seen the intro to RuPaul's DragU? It's all unicorns, rainbows, and flying dolphins with drag queens riding on them.
actually i'm positive they carry the line...they once were an affiliate on a homebrew site I did in college
If you try or even think about taking my food. I'm dead serious when o say
thx for the blessings for my Dad.
what were you saying about Saunders' D?
My friend gave me Pink Smog as a gift, and my first thought was "PINK SMOG would make great knuckle tattoos." Stay tuned.
A bird doesn't question whether or not the wind will hold him up, he just stretches out his wings and steps off the branch.
Trust... Thays so hard to find someone to trust
not the full Johnny though. That would require me putting dick holes thru my ears
did it
The wave is currently going around #Dodger Stadium. Football is ruining this country. Baseball fans are getting stupider
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -- ~C. Malesherbes
Somebody talk to me, I'm bored outta my mind. -__- #SaveMe!
tomorrow night #battlefield3 #bf3 will be released! we are #excited for such an #epic game.
Outer - SLOW from University to Georgia
The guilford ave traffic circles are bad for cyclists. Cars flying thru them and not looking for us. I miss the 4-ways.
oh alright haha thanks
miss u
My birthday was today. If you did/didn't notice. I got an iPhone..C: But it's being monitored By mom and dad. :/
was late this morning! :o hahahaha
'When you feel tired, you remember that I am your Strength...' - Jesus Calling // Who else needed that??
<3 we love you!
Watching Ronald Bass speak
SO much rain today and tonight. Hydrating the Earth on #earthday :)
Wagon wheel playing at trivia night.. #makesmemissknoxy 😭
Nice meeting u today @ the SCEDC #redev forum. Interesting panel & Cindy was right, u have a hidden talent as a great moderator!
"I placed my heart to beat in your hands, but you lacked the rhythm; I found a new way to dance." Catch i.am.maru at !
i can't believe donna summer died tho omfg
Now is the time for you to get your red leather gloves from LaCrasia as we are having a 50% off sale in June only.Thanx La
Love you hot stuff!
Adidas owns reebok so they kind of were a big deal in the NFL...also owns the NBA
I find it amusing when people chastise me for not chugging the Orange Kool-Aid. Sorry that 14 years of losing makes me a little skeptical.
krul to be kind
All seem to require resuscitation.
Hey, I was Tier 3 CF Escalation Engineer for Adobe & on QA team that built CF8 (till they laid me off). Maybe I can help.
My apologies!!
hows a reg guy like me feel sorry 4 million/billionaires?All u make big $.Leads 2 higher ticket prices/stuff-cant afford 2 go
#LastChance to participate in our Nov. 17 Holiday Shopping edition (for advertisers). Contact us at .
Their called last kings, but why is their icon a pharaoh?
Stephen Jackson comes off the bench and quickly heats up with a couple of baskets. The Spurs lead the Jazz 21-15 with 2:33 left in the 1st.
enjoyed the wordle presentation in the cyber zed shed- great job outlining the technology and ideas for using in classroom/tours
#AskPSanders when will you come to michigan?
It's always a good feeling when the track opens.
don't over do it....
Check out our documentary on him! RT Doing more Julius Shulman research for my article in CHD magazine
Some random dude ask me 4 my number on facebook so ii ignored him right. So how abt ii wake up this morning to 10 missed calls n 12 txts!
I just accidentally got the first ever "chain drop" on video. Looks so cool in there!
What are you doing for Thanksgiving? Join me for Dislocations: A Conversation About Love. Nov 27, 2011 - 12:30pm
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
I LOVE IT WHEN IT IS GRIND TIME
My favorite word is "celestial". It's just so lovely :)
you mistake an incredible display of success on bad shot selection with a clutch performance. Brian Windhorst pointed that out
Tickets still available for Kosciuszko Community Center's Easter Egg-citement on Sat! $3/person. Call (414) 645-4624
I love your profile pic. haha
Wow wow wow.
RT : I am so sleepy...and she is the complete opposite!- whaaaa? Lol. Its the next day and she still up :(
A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails - Donna Roberts
#WhyYoWeave look like some road kill layin on your head??
hopped up out the bed #turnmyswagon took a look in the mirror say #wassup yeah im gettin money
gee i really need to clean out my itunes
": If someone walks away from u, let them go, ur destiny is not to be tied to someone who left"
Kick ass day
Anyone using DyKnow in a 1:1 setting? If so, do you have any cool uses or ideas to share?
Do you make your coffee in a regular drip coffee maker or do you use K-Cups®?
“: I wasn't that drunk.. "Dude, you climbed a tree and said 'God, look at the size of this broccoli!' ---LMAO
Haha. I see we have another Niall Horan on our hands! ;) x
never vote a straight ticket
Set it off : mind ov ah maniC #lilbOosie flO
San Antonio: The next 7-8 days will be cloudy, humid, breezy, few showers. Today: AM Drizzle, P/Cloudy, Few Aft. Shwrs
159 of Natural Balance fans like Dunkin' Donuts...LOL!
Congrats 2 4 a fabulous opening night of my favorite Vegas show !
Just the first one or the whole trilogy?
Jealous!! Eat everything.
Somebody Hit my DM !> im bored
Based solely on their theme songs, I would like to see a Downton Abbey X-Files mash up.
People overwhelmingly prefer "animated" slideshows over actual video. Better quality, bigger images.
Congrats on your win tonight against Harvard! Great job Commodores!
they did that to Jon bon jovi here to he is alive and well “
only wrangled a pathetic 98 words in the last two hours. Yeah, writing is *so* glamourous...lol. Finished dinner, #amwriting again.
I don't have any pink so you might want to go to walgreens and see what they have .
You've given me a great reason to unfollow you.
30 minutes of your life you'll never get back
coach your players can get more exposure on recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Hey, thanks for your RTs and mentions ! <3
Its a thin line between walkin it... talkin it.... living it.. giving it... or just pretending that its alright.!
I use to drown in these waters. Now Ive learned to swim. When I felt like the world has brung me down, still I continue to stand. #IllBe ...
I like co-op board games to a much greater degree than competitive ones.
I'm very optimistic. I really don't like the l
website updates... yay
Our friend, Adam Hadwin, is playing in the U.S. Open this week. Play well Adam.
Thanks! The Dalen and Gole stuff looks great! Keep up the good work!
Thanks to all who came out to support us and last night! You made #DISASTERBALL the best art ball yet!
yup and it's only going to get worse.
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons..
I'm just not a morning person....
Went with LibraryLab but Information Liberation would be my second choice.
I miss you and I want twitter to know.
Say hey to the guys at while you're there! Chelsea's answer to !
that just means u did it right!
Watching "The Monster Ball"
Fuck your feelings.
BuryTimes: Check out todays valentine deal.
yes you are!
#daftpunk and a freeze w/coconut. my afternoon is set.
Show today! I'm nervous =0RT RT : If feels like people don't start caring until you give up.
#PeopleLikeUs live every moment, love every day, cause before we know it, precious time slips away.
Time for Lab Band. Swing much?
LAST NITE IN PORTLAND!!! This city rocks!!!! Goin out...
Shout out to for the follow!
Welcome to #Philly & Cole, Babin, Jenkins & now Cox. Release the hounds--it's time to hunt!
i love you too princessa times infinity :) night
He doesn't want girl germs.
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed<3 your my inspiration.<33 love you.<3
Appreciate it Brodie! Glad you dig it dude! <3
I found a back door in...lol
Omg, icing my calves = the price of running minimal... Worth it?
Have an #edtech story tip or idea? DM or email me at troscorla at convergemag.com
Enjoy a free rush hour concert with Americana musicians Robin and Jenny Bienemann today from 4-7pm.
Since when did bathrooms become photobooths?
I am. I think the rest are out. Follow me and we can DM details for food. cc:
you have the worst customer service & banking product, thank you for helping me realize I need a new bank.
Absolutely. I will keep him in my prayers. That must be awful.
I did like it (gave it a B+!). I just don't get the overheated raves.
Sounds like you have heard that Obey isn't interested, too, right?
#dickenspuns RT : I had pretty low standards while reading Great Expectations.
I missed my 1k tweet so my 1001 goes to for bein a brofriend lol for bein so G and for bein my
you deserve everything good to your life (:
Two game winners down the drain Rudy...
i kissed him.
Ok, just said something great about the Orioles and has crowd in his pocket.
Wow, I love how I'm no longer good enough for you to talk to now you've started talking to someone else
- great meeting you today! Would love to see some of your photos if you have them uploaded somewhere.
I am in love
Vegan Ccakes= chai, pistachio rosewater, Banana Split. VeganPies= Apple, Cherry, Bluberry. Do you want anything set aside?
Had an awesome first day in Amsterdam, tomorrow we have a full day in Amsterdam then we will wake up monday and head to Berlin!
It only gets worse by the generation.
I cant sleep or shower when no ones home. My anxiety goes crazy
hey Ricky! It's my birthday!
Thanks to all the speakers for speaking, attendees for attending, for sponsoring, and for hosting last week's meeting!
Upgrading a FreeBSD VM, watching stuff compile...
ellie goulding rocks!
Probably because the gloves wouldn't actually help much and limit dexterity. If you were wearing gloves to protect your 1/2
me too!
Bout to get off my ass & cash dis check !
Bait and switch, huh? Kinda like your emergency conference committee vote where members weren't properly noticed.
Fell off the workout train - need to get back on...
What a terrific foundation. Amy is sorely missed, hopefully, the benefit will raise awareness & help other artists in need.
Seeing this weekend! Should be interesting.
Keith said he had a good time and mentioned cool letterpress Canadian!
The dental hygienist made it feel like she was trying to scrap by teeth off
Those directories appear to be unreadable by machines. I get nothing but garbled nonsense.
Does anyone have good examples of companies that allow employees to do 20% projects (other than Google)? Researching for school.
Had some of the weirdest dreams last night
Wow it's almost 2012!!
i just wanna be
I still have faith in you guys!! Kick that Thunder ass...yeah boy
all I know is I'm shadowing Friday. I told her I wanted to shadow you. So probs.
Oh what a feeling to be loved. Lol.
that sounded GAY lol
you in LA?
nothin hotter than a sock tan
5/6/1777->MG Stirling:...public affairs affords abundant causes of distress;we should be careful how we aggravate them by private bickerings
I am single mom/great business ideas. Willing to partner for small financial invest. BA in business
Sharon Stone worked at McDonald's before she was famous. So did Shania Twain, Jay Leno, Rachel McAdams and Pink
Thanks for visiting us !
Watching Rock Center...time to put together a business plan to teach seminars and sell books on the moon. Who's in we only have 8 years!
Too broad a question.My worldview includes valuing args&reasons,so yes,I avoid sites unlikely to have those on display.
What's good man, been a long time... Nice work in ur project.
#socialtext slowness is b/c of network issues @ OEH. We're working w/ Janet Dawson and team to resolve, but it's tricky. Apologies.
Hey Okay here comes the obligatory question, why are the Celtics starters still in?
Finally made it home.
Dang Jones, way to push through the pain
I was just joking! :)
Sometimes I think the shuffle on my phone's iPod is some odd running stream of consciousness.
i promise all my #VINTAGE luvbugs i will be posting up new items on Sunday...please still luv me ;)
Book of Tens: Jargoniest Jargon We've Heard All Year: Here's a List of Words We Wish You'd Stop Saying
No kidding! What an awful law.
U ever been on the freeway and traffic hits and u swerve to avoid car in front of u...all cuz u were messing with ur iPod? Me neither...
That video is the most disturbing Jay Carney clip I've seen so far. Which is saying a lot, dude is the ultimate scumbag.
heard some too K and I were walking home and couldn't tell but then had to make that assumption after hearing 6 pops
thank you! coming out tonight?
Marshall. ;p
then don't pay 4 school@
My label is Big Machine Record and my manager is Jon Ramsay(: and I have great producers and writers
I'm packing up my book bag and laying out my clothes tonight. It saves so much time in the morning.
Ok whateves gtg c u in like 30 min
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
good morning to u
I know.. I'm pretty clumsy! Sad life I lead...
4 years since you've been gone. r.i.p grandma <3
I don't are what we do as long as its outside...
It's a thunderstorm, not a goddamn tornado, and it's no reason to Interrupt Jeopardy.
(AP) -- Final report on death of Whitney Houston says spoon, white powdery substance found in room.
RIP Grandma.
I think your account may have been hacked. It sent me some weird message that is clearly spam. Sorry :(
Macy's Restaurant in Downtown Miami- One of the Best Kept Secrets of a Great Place to Have Lunch !
okay then it's all good. ahaha
they need more people ?
wet hot American summer!!! Hahahahhaa
I'll be keeping you close in heart & prayed up for mercy and comfort in your travels. Grace and peace in ALL the details.
of course!:)
A Song a day: 3rd May 2012 (Barbie Girl – Aqua)
You're going to have so much fun.
- MY Feets feel So Much Better!
What’s your dream job?
The speed at which these beings were moving was a mystery how they braked so quickly & didn't budge an inch passed where they wanted 2 stop.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. ~C Dickens
Atomic Dog - George Clinton
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the #NextBestPractices conf
oh hey there shannon
L.A. bout to close it out tonight! 4-2
no its blocked cant view it but listened to a podcast interview of at festival
we want greek frozen yogurt. Saw you in Foggy Bottom, but you just kept driving.
you love me...
That there is a show on the air right now like #Girls makes me blissfully happy. It brings me such joy.
#Rays in a close one with the #Angels. Rays up 2 to 1 in the 5th
Good Monday morning
Julie Evans, our CEO, set to present on Mon 3-4pm at #VSS2009 with a panel of students re: online learning trends. Join us! (via )
' That sounds like the greatest time, what a beautiful day it is.
one hour season finale of how i met your mother tonight <33333
Did you enjoy the show?
swiss watches
The best food possible for the Super Bowl.Fresh Handmade tortillas Pork Verde Chile.Order early , we are filling up on orders. $27.50feeds 5
All the other #NASCAR drivers are wishing they brought their phone with them,
We should've made smores!! It's always suppose to happen but it never happens!
By jove, I think I've got it. Anyway, will reply to concerns later. Thanks for the exchange.
Nice!! Did you open a Reality Young & Free checking account with us?
/ Beautiful in the desert this time of year. That's funny, as I see us living at a CA beach in 10 years.
This is why I want YOU on my friends lisy LIZZ! YOU ROCK! LOL!
ate lunch there the other day. Was pretty good. I assume you're not trying to make an 8 panel? It's slow food
and it ain't even my birthday...
884 million people lack access to clean
no problem! we "love" everyone
u know how i operate nigga
how do I get Fedex or UPS to deliver me that package you have back there? lol
I cannot believe #ELUNA did not recommend visiting the SLC Public Library as an activity. It's still my fave public library building.
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it, and spend it rather than invest it. Jim Rohn
MB will get lit up in NL
8Months and I get this !? I'm fucking done 😡💨
Going to Ft Meyers to see 's friend then Miami all day tomorrow
Live music featuring Anita Rosamond and Rocky Mantia from 9pm-12am tonight. Live music continues through Tuesday of
Hey Paul, thank you for the listing.
Stoked to show you guys some new #ASTR tracks!
"The Dean" informs me there will be NO white hat for #Packy - you get a medalion anytime the #Queen is around. has lost his
how long will you be there? U can literally see everything touristy in 2 days. Or at least that what I did.
Happy four square day!
UGH whateva!! bring me my smoothie chic
Forms are available for purchase for wills and estates, however some are not State specific, nor tailored to your individual case or needs.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.5
Undecided, but I think I have to shove! Lol, I do hate how small your 3b is though..
hook it up ?
Mr. Mayor, it was our honor to have you at Bridge Builders. Your eloquence moved us and your support means more than you know.
I actually texted you XD don't delete it!
Looking at favres latest tweetpics reminds me of cocktoberfest
Dancing with our little monkey to Hauschka. Techno done on a prepared piano - so great...
instanicorns and pink rainbows for everyone. this will be a hit, i tell you!
When you and your friends have code names for people you hate.
Come on out tomorrow, May 8th, 8pm, at The Otter House, downtown Fred. Va. on Princess Anne St.! Two bands will open for us! $10 at door!
Wonders what my life has in store for me.
RT : This is more a chance to demonstrate production car capability. RT : Why open road racing?
Storm troopers at comicon. Awesome.
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute. ~
we need all the help we can get! Obviously
during the last day of #CheatBabyAwarenessWeek, all the cheat babies get together for a fist fighting tourney.
C-SPAN live 9:20-10am ET. Catherine Bradshaw on preventing bullying and youth violence in schools. Tweet ?'s to
new Bugatti is dope
Worded that poorly. Meant to say: For UL Fball, making BCS bowl is huge and would take precedent over BB practice
I love
Special Collections is my new favorite place ever! Do you think they'd notice if I just move in?
Got my first WIAA Tournament officiating contract today. That was pretty neat.
We're making final preps for a maternity session this afternoon. How exciting!
You've gotta be kidding me... Guess I'm not good enough of a friend to anyone
You got too much more liven to do. Im spittin this to you, cuz you deserve more than what he given to you----- Big E.D.I. Don
Ha, no worries.
We love the idea of techorating, too!
yea it's all cold and slimy it sucks I had a US today
That 98 truck made a pretty impressive save.
Great meeting with Jaime from this morning. Exciting stuff on the horizon!
interesting things??!! ;) x
Hubby went to the new without me today. To say I feel betrayed is an understatement.
" This is the barnyard now. I have hoofs "
I guess you were wrong!!!! RT i think the grizz going down tonight
and, why is that? Lol
Roethlisberger was born in Lima, OH. Any one else find this to be a fun fact?? Who knew it was a real place?
if you hear my cry, running through the streets. i'm about to freak, come and rescue me.
If you only knew.
Heading to Hazard, Ky for a show. If you're in the area..come out and rock with us.
sweet lord Jesus is right! can bring it home!
"Fairy tales are more than true: not b/c they tell us that dragons exist, but b/c they tell us dragons can be beaten." -G. K. Chesterton
There's nothing quite like a wife who brings home a bottle of decent scotch.
#prowrestling #WWE the one and only Wrestling Classic was held on this day in Chicago in 1985. Won by JYD!
what's your email?
"man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shores."
San Fran or LA? Maybe I'll sleep on it...
We all would.
"Selena! and Ethan sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G" gotta love history!!
lol, get on it then! I'll help if needs be. XD no spoilers though. :P
Thanks for the RT, Rachel!
good at everything. It's more practical.
We'll be there in 15 Minutes Replacing Your Lost/Stolen Keys. Fast, Professional & Affordable Service. Call Now! 619-335-7969
text me!
To all BP employees: corporate attire is still required
I love giving people gifts!! 💛🕓
Good night Internet!
yep it say dip dip dip dip splash 💦
And You're a freak creeping behind me asshole.
#Didyouknow an area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles
Off work just chilling thanks to the man up stairs
Will they also add permission dialogs for calendar, photo library, and music library access? I anticipate Android-esque permissions mess.
the bitches who always say they're gonna fail something and then get a perfect score. no, fuck you.
she's just that awesome, she can do that lol
the fog on the mountains is gorgeous this morning!
Proverbs 3:1-2 My son, do not forget my teaching,but let your heart keep my commandments, for length of days and years of lifeand peace they
Mass GOALS. Governor Patrick's performance management initiative highlighted in his Budget. Like it a lot. How are we performing though?
Hahaha Adele saying snot in that accent was so cute
Lol . Just be careful out here . Its gonna be the realiest summer ever for Columbus .
Pickup Line: You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Doug Collins: "Lavoy [Allen] played well." ... That was all.
is fucking awesome..
are you doing a show am in for march madness from az
#freshmanyeartaughtme how to really party.;) thanks semo.
May weather is sick wit that right hand y'all see that left side on cotto
Close your mouth . Move your feet.
Well. That was boring. Zombie time.
Urrgh I got dog hair in my mouth!!
That's more of a 28 year old thing.
5W: Jason Houston
“: #Sagittarius love challenges.” very true.
Of course the article I choose to read in my minute of down time is about serial killers.
What a game! The draw is fine by me, too.
Great picture of P&G's boardroom at talk at #strataconf. Demonstrates how much of a data driven organization P&G is
RT : New DLF website - www.diglib.org. Go on over and peruse the good work done by my colleagues for the Digital Library Federation.
SXSW at an end. Back deck=good. No agenda=better.
except that my brain has replaced kim basinger and the synth with kylie
Just like I need a haircut.
lol its not like that! were not going to be all up in the mountains and shit beezy!
it's hit me a hundred times
#RashardLewis I'm finally proud to have you on my Wizards !!! #Lebrick hahahahah
is the worst ReTweeter in the history of the World.
This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world. They should have expected us.
Awesome! Glad you liked it. Sorry about the delay! :)
|| but you definitely don't follow me though.
They showed all four of my groups film
if i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lay with me and just forget the world.
All eyes on North Carolina today.
I like your eyes I like your smile I like the way you wallk It's so Sexy
Next Food Network Star > Studying.
Reading the news... it's all about negative and bad developments :(
no way! I love it wayy more!
I wanna get my belly pierced !
I have a snookie between my legs!
welcome. Follow please? :)
that awkward moment when your tummy rumbles, and everyone around you asumes its gas. Lmfao -_-
#BuildDayMemories the first Build Day having 63 people show up after having only 13 members the previous year. We have come a long way.
Waiting to see If I will have a model To wear a Balloon Dress!
Hipsters + Ironic = PBR. *tipping my trucker hat*
maybe depends on when my games are
Finally get to my office...on a day when I thought I'd be living there!
If I did I would've capitalized the A.
I hug you back!
People make commitments and then they let you down.
I hate and tonight. Totally jacking mother monster's style + taking credit for it.
ty! and thanks for following!
Oh crap! I mean I KNOW. Shoot your really going to think I'm so dumb and you're tweets to me will reflect it.
some days are so crazy they make you break your 2 month gym fast
Good luck!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!XOXOXOOXO
57 yard field goal from Robbie! Very very nice! :-)
Wow. RT Website offers $1M to any woman who can prove she slept with
damn it...I feel so dumb now haha I thought this was your first time, I just finished today! I was so confused at the end.
The good news is that UNC Charlotte is well-prepared for massive budget cuts. Bad news is that we needed to be.
Shout-out to all my new followers for following me!  Hugs & kisses  ~ xoxo 
omg wtf!!no ah stupid gone! I updated it on my fone and I said boys that actually arent cheaters omg haha it didnt send
Happy Friday Everyone! Want to dine with us tonight? Call to reserve a table (414) 225-0000
Protecting and serving
A nigga single time to get back on the move
Shout out to the new followers and Happy Holidays to you!
Boise Idaho, time to make you my bitch tonight! Be ready,im flying United so the party starts when I arrive!!
same. dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon
I miss you Miss. Mary Nora. I want you..
why would u leave money on him someone could take it!
No. The Real Josh Spears stood up and knocked him out.
Saturday and Sunday we will be serving brunch from 10am-2pm!
#ForcesOfNature Ive never one anything in my life this could be the first
Lick mah toe ya dumb hoe
the awk moment when people who came last night was sepreated into three parts
um...i mean no...let me see if I can upload it
Shouldn't even take no break; &nd just gtfo home early
u should have gotten a massage : )
I don't think I've ever facetimed on my iphone..
& in TEXAS? I never thought I'd see the day.
that sounds good :) enjoy !!!
oye, I need nude ballet flats but can't find the right ones with the right price... got a pair of Converse sneakers instead!
Thank You to Speedway Christian Church for today's Dine2Donate "day" @ Intech Le Peep. 85 churchgoers dined & earned a donation of $135!
RT : AND SPEAKING OF COALE, I WON'T MISS A KID MORE NEXT YEAR. THAT KID *IS* VIRGINIA TECH FOOTBALL.
Who ya got tomorrow #HereComesThePain or #RiseAboveHate?
happy Saturday!
Nice. Grew up in the 818 - Reseda then Woodland Hills. Now in the Detroit area.
I can't really consider myself a true 'gaming expert' until I get my #poker skills up to at least 'decent,' so that's what I'll have to do.
i got like 5 videos to upload
better get that
Justin where are you now ... in London
Let's have a moment of silence for all those who are stuck in traffic on their way to the gym to ride stationary bicycles.
Hey girl... long time no see. Love ur guitar poses xoxo, Katie*J
there's so much pressure to stay at the top it's ridiculous. I'm worry they'll be a mass exodus this summer if they don't win it
Always made it.
This is so dangerous. RT " Bethany Cosentino for is now online! Start shoppin' ladies!"
Every person in this chamber can point to a teacher who changed the trajectory of their lives. RIGHT ON
Miami Heat fans: Let's talk Dexter Pittman. Do you see him improving and being a factor in Miami anytime in the future?
Once again bye atx....
still confused? What are you wanting the server to prompt you for via stdin?
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
no we ain't in the ghetto Nigga
I want to walk to the store, but I'm afraid to take the risk....
Thanks! You guys rock! :
We have some of the top trainers in the fitness industry who are ready to get you into to the best shape of your life!
not to worry :)
Thanks for coming and supporting us Ms. Delevett! All of us really appreciate it!!
At the first annual SAPA Conference on Central Michigan's campus in Mt. Pleasant!
RT " I'm deeply concerned about WI following the footsteps of Illinois, especially the former Gov in jail part."
I didn't get it either until I googled it. Planking is the new photo craze. Even has a FB page.
Phew! You've got friends in the right study places, Kelso. We've always got your back.
Just because you hear a rumor about someone doesn't mean it's true. Actually get to know the person first before assuming it's true
FUN FACT: Although rarely heard, Giraffes can moo, hiss, roar and whistle to communicate with one another #GiraffesRock !
Ha! Wifey did it. Said 'the hell with a lockout, get yo ass to work!!!' RT : i heard brandon marshall got stabbed in a shoot out
OK! No worries I completely understand :( Do you want me to get you anything?
i was scary long story
I definitely do and Thank You Kris for helping me through tough times with your music
Confession time in Ms.Rileys class!!
Why is english so boreing
What store in Charlottesville Fashion Square would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
I cannot recommend enough. Top-notch journalism and story-telling. Get one ASAP.
I just might
Quite a unique environment to meet w/ clients and have serious fun. Representing Team DD are &
#8DAYS FAMILY REUNION!:D
interesting points in your post. Interested in hearing if you catch any flack for it!
IDK BUT I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO WATCHING IT AND IT WASNT ON :(
I want to go to sleep but I can't.
Mercato in Little Italy?
COMPLETELY broke mine too! Felt like a really bad dream. :( ... Next year!
This is my glass of care \_/ Oh look, it's empty.
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it!
In life there are no do overs, just do betters.
good interview with Alexandra. I don't think most people appreciate how hard dancers work
A mistake is only a mistake if you don’t learn from it
Awesome! RT : Big day for us! Honored to receive 2 & 9 ! Proud of our crew & clients!
Well come on then! lol. D.C. has a ton of Masonic/OES oriented stuff to see.
Have you seen a show there? Are you on their mailing list?
haha thanks :) where are you?
Stay healthy this winter with our Fresh Juice...and don't forget to add the Ginger for extra protection!
have you tried to mimic any of the LA accents you've heard yet?
I feel ya on that! I would lose my mind lol
educate yourself and be independent....
juno and ice cream (:
ctfu like the generic brand of something???
Call Me Maybe♥♥
Yu broke but yu still buying weed
I did, didn't I!
a damn good thing, so I won't have to hear about your lifelong bitterness towards me
if your makeup isn't done, your hair is a mess and you're in your PJs and he still can't resist taking you into his arms, he's a keeper ♥
NBA or NFL what better to play what more fun
#Gemini's do unnecessary things when pissed.
you quit twitter again, didn't you? haha
Lying and saying is on the season finale better not be 's way of attracting more viewers.
My question: Is it possible to hold a twitter competition w/o rampant #SPAM in your #hashtag? #LeanToCook Magic 8 Ball sez: No.
Not sure about the whole not leaving for restroom and hearing nuggets thing...
--- You are going to make a GREAT Mommy!
IT'S FRIDAY AFTERNOON! It's warm and sunny. Go ahead and guess what I'm thinking about. If you said federal tax law you are correct!
Music Time Tomorrow -
No more cross dressing suite mate! Gonna be living good the next time I come to Knoxville. Finally summer! See you in the fall k town.
Since we've regressed to being 5 and playing in the sandbox, mind passing me the shovel?
Hey jim nice gig from L.A.
u kno it. Have a great day & be cool
"if you wear polo, you don't go home solo"
Sometimes it feels good just to laugh hard for da hell of it!!
I dreamt we were in the 99 cent store buying twinkies and poking each other's tummies. But you don't have a tummy anymore:(
Talented, inspired many artists, made pop music and Britney Is Born This Way
#DontEvenAsk whats wrong with me because you know your the problem.
So tired but hoping to have a good day today!
Tom Petty's new album Mojo is so fucking good.
Stuff that was cool in the 90's: barbwire and tribal tattoos. Plus Baywatch.
Wow! It doesn't get much better than that card. Classic :)
Ready to order a custom text graphic / logo for just $20? Call us for details: (877) 932-4199 (leave message if no answer)
HOW DOES A BIG LEAGUER MAKE THAT MISTAKE!?!?!?!?!?!
Guess I'll go rearrange my living room. #Tired, but not
It's the Lost 80's Weekend on KFOX! What are you favorite 80's tracks? Let us know and we'll try to get them on this weekend!
We've upgraded with great new features and also reaches a new milestone of 500 visitors a day!
This broken record keeps on skipping, mindless violence no one's winning. You do your thing and I'll do mine, and that's fine.
its official: we have a realtor in Las Vegas! looking at the listings tonight when my babe gets home from work! :) im excited!
I have math next and I so don't wanna go. The only class I like is chemistry and that's because my teacher is HOT!!!!! ;p
Hey you're paying for it,let him get his skinny butt back to your house with that extra piece! Ok calm down breathe in out SIGH
I am so GLAD 2day is a NEW day...cuz yesterday i was in a terrible, horrible mood!
Pants are optional at the optional pants party
well...at least Mondays over
Our Support Team is available 24/7/365. Are you still in need of assistance? ^CS
I'm an early adopter in some circles and a late majority in others!!!
Let's go h briber.
“Hope is always available to us.When we feel defeated we need only take a deep breath and say ‘Yes' and hope will reappear.” Monroe Forester
Thanks for the RT! We got a donation from one of your followers! Thanks again!
Well as long as you working, that will keep you out of trouble... lol
f they refuse, remember that Jesus said "If you deny me among men,i will deny you before my Father." Within 4 minutes will give you good new
Shout out to for having me on your show today. Holla.
I love your priority and I agree with it. The veggies are purely for phytonutrients. Steak is for life and happiness.
brandon phillips is a pussy. 0-4
Ur Wolverines restricted every school on their schedule for the next two years for Smotrycz and it got 0 press
hahahaha top flight security!
Ok. Yang has worked last nerve. #greysanatomy Just lock her in a room with a scalpel and cadaver.
Be the Best Be Great Be Legendary
"Stop Making Sense" is just so good
: "yes im jealous of Austin Mahones Microphone thats shaped like a giant dick."---- hey noww
RT if you want a S/O
Thx For All The Updates, Working On Vegas Premiere Video (Coming Soon).
Check my music cd coming soon need stop smoking and think about life
Watching Lock Up on MSNBC--hilarious.
thanks for posting this.
Have to find a new home for our wonderful puggle. A year and a half, housebroken & crate trained neutered male. Great dog. Any interest? :(
RT : New from Precious Petite Pastries - These Bite Sized Banana Cream Pies are Perfectly Portioned (TrendHunter......
Happy Friday!
Fuck Harry Potter. It's all about Sons of Anarchy. Hey Jackson is mine, you've already got yours :)
Agree (mostly). I find it interesting how companies are changing/simplifying the meaning of words based on the company's shtick.
Yacht Club status 👍
I 'ont follow eggs!
Have you ever wanted to be with someone so bad, and they tell you how the relationship won't work before they even try it?
What is your opinion on Kawai upright pianos?
I've got Bama and the under parlayed myself..
12 hours of college and NBA hoops, NFL combine and a double meat double cheese cheesesteak, nice little Saturday #thegoodlife!
juniors who are saying 'seniors 2013, so close!!'
Some people wish that Morgan Freeman narrated their lives. I on the other hand would choose Optimus Prime.. (:
Is anyone staying in Roble and willing to tell me how to get in?
is it public speaking stress, or preparation stress?
I will. This is an extremely moving panel: their friendship, their correspondence, their respect for each other.
New year, new things, nothing really changes, while everything change...
The way we start the day is how the rest of the day will go. Add some joy, a song and inspiration in the first 20 minutes of each day.
Must.. Finish.. Discussion.. Posts...
Just finishing article on dog dental care. Did you know dogs can have the same dental problems as us humans?
“: The lions blew it and suh gon be suspended”
Today the world looks stupid and emty
LOL @ girls adding my husband on FB whenever we all went to the same high school.
We use WIld caught Alaskan salmon as well as farm raised salmon from sustainable fisheries.
I'm 99% sure the just walked into my coffee shop. I almost had a heart attack. They left before I could ask for autographs!
The point is that dying is a component of the game. And if it was really that likely, do you think he'd do it?
Sadly, had to miss the conference. Enjoying all your tweets!
that's what you wore YESTERday
you are the one, so I make sure I behave
Hey babe. How's u?
Phillip Phillips is such a hottie 
Food poisoning = one word: ugh.
I will pay $100 on the street. Love the shirt u got for paige
glad you caught me, Mark. It is at the Tampa Convention Center. The breakfast buffet opens at 6:30 am. Program starts tat 7.
wait till you get to college you'll Find more of those
Alrighty, bro! I appreciate you taking the time to listen to it!
please don't get locked up. I really don't need to orchestrate another jailbreak this fine morning, but I will. you're worth it.
--> Thanks, Scott!
wish i had divergent with me right now so i could read it
Thanks to Susan Zuker for donating Open Arms lunch today (in honor of Hannah Shaver) at at Scottish Rite & Egleston.
I can say that my experience in selecting and reading the Baker books on my iPad have been both successful and intuitively easy. - Robert P.
oh good! I'm guessing you didn't get killed then... :P
photo shoot time!
Ok so I turn on my TV and Pam is gettin ready to fight Shenaynay..I'm cryin laughin
Coach Bielema is allowing the media to turn the cameras on at practice for the first time this spring. I'll have a report at 5 on WKOW.
that's so awesome. I have no idea why mine means. But we will one day! I'd love to see Canada
I like Billie and Ella singing the classics. And Fred Astaire actually. And some days I'll listen to Django every waking hour.
Happy Halloween... Off to Miami :) Excited to see the DEN and DEPD crew.
Happy Birthday, buddy! Hope your day has been super awesome!
love it when everyone audience sits down at the same time. like a congregation getting ready for a sermon.
Time to join the masses out on the road of life and deal with the fuddies
Flash hardware vendors buying generic caching software is the trend i
