My eyes are so red
C'mon lakers Let's shut these bandwagon clipper fans up
Yep! They were so adorable. I already have two, but if I could I'd have more. ;)
I say its time for episode 5 of Hard Drive 13!
I'll check with one of my buds tomorrow. He owns a huge golf store.
Finally introducing theMisses to StarWars tonight... Original Recipe of course [May the 4th be with You]
so how was the #madmen premiere? haven't had a chance to watch yet
chillin with the bae watchin tv we up for no reason
Thnks David for the RTs. Appreciate it.
Advance Happy Birthday Anne!! Wish you a happy life!! :))
WOOT WOOT : See you at Red Star!
um... how's about Always Sunny?
Congratulations to you both! That's fabulous news!
was trippin for nothing. Lol We don't even present until next week! Shot.
Every time I go to the casino I talk about what I'd do if I won a lot of money..Always ends w/ me on the way home w/ empty pockets
S/o to .. We got new music on the way!! "YOUNG GUARD MONEY HOG MUSIC" BOUT TO TAKE CLEVELAND TO ANOTHER LEVEL!
Train filled with parade-goers. I feel a bit out of place in my running gear
RT bridgebldr Be a hero to yourself - dare to capture a dream.~Susan Larison
RT today is Friday, everyone have a good day... don't tell me what to do!
Pretty sure I'm dying.
What you say & do only for watching eyes means nothing, because it's not the truth of you & is full of lies. Be you in the dark or light.
Listening to "New Day" off Watch the Throne. Love Kanye West. Know some don't. He's such an amazing artist. Just lays it all out there.
If you clap when you laugh, I hate you.
RT : Its still #MavsNation but I think it will be OKC vs. Miami in the end
lol. Right. We are the Not-So-United-States & we never really were after that Civil War.
So, I may lose my job! Isn't that awesome-sauce!
followed back mayne thanks
its awesome thanks for asking :) how are you?
Relaxing on my day off, watching Giants v. Mets on MLBtv, trying to deal with this sore-ish throat.
MUST★Follow and <=== Wonderful couple!!!
Ha! YES! RT : When you notice there is poor customer service wherever you go, take note of the common denominator - you.
Smiles and fucking is what a girl do! lol
Chelsea goes to 2 CL Finals with interim managers at the helm, unreal.
": Final: Oregon 108 Iowa 97." One hundred and freakin Eight! Wow
you're welcome!
That hotwing combo is sounding pretty nice right about now
Right at the epicenter! Girls are home today, and Braeden crushed his hand last night at the park, so plans changed entirely!
Got the #TiVo going and catching up on #BL12 while getting the low down on
#wordsmyfolksusetosay RT : Long as I owe ya you'll never be broke.
And all the equipment lets you log into Netflix.
I do like Bruno Mars.
less than three you
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
it is 10:22pm and it is stil hot outside!
$425 is too much to pay for a new murder jacket. The hunt is still on. Screw you Harley store of Lexi.
i'm not sure if that was a compliment or insult.......
did not see the Starbucks coffee you mentioned. Am I missing something?
Off to a restaurant . x
Just saw the enterprise space shuttle on one of its final flights over nyc, thing was debo carson
KevinJ Is Our Everything .
Today is the first day I've turned on my computer since last Friday!
I think my roommate stole my deodorant #jsthatacompliment?
Getting ready 4 classes today ...who's up for standards based grading?
RT CBO says under Ryan plan that by 2030 the seniors would be paying 2/3 of or their on med care
My grandpa loves that and
I agree with -digital textbooks are the exciting future of learning!
Going to go see #titanic! Yes its a true story so it doesn't count as a chick flick.
Thanks! Yeah, it was a great print.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
I miss you to
Bruce almighty
Are dogs allowed at the event??? Thanks!
o im drunk as hell <TOP OF THE LINE>
i love your instagram, lots =)
lol please. My birthday is in the summer. It's always X-ray
One #libraryschool class down, one (the easy one) to go. Here's to being this much closer to the end *raises coffee cup*
lmmfao! oh that was too much! ok forget it then
goodnight. I love you!<3333
Thanks!! Your music is awesome just "liked" your page!! I really like your style of music! =)
The dobros I talked about last week have not been going very good. [1945]
breaking: deadly shooting at a bar on Karl Rd in north Columbus
How dare you stray! Thou shalt not worship any other taprooms. ;)
Let's go #Nuggets Let's go
I think its refreshing to see tweets from a human being once in a while. Ya know, one that transcends trending stupidity and followbackbots
She's lucky she cute..
he is gonna wreck Miami. Lebron again gonna choke
Fantastic and informative session by at #LSCon - The Truth About Social Learning. Most learning is and always has been social.
ya definitely ! if you want you can have two signs too but you don't have to haha
So beautiful out! I love fall!!
Rep. Reed, supporter of FLES, says that he hopes there will be adjustments made to the budget. He thanks all who came to speak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
hahahahha! yeah i tried to change mine too... did it?
awww that sucks :(
After watching the first part of "In Time" w , I'm now paranoid someone will shake my hand and steal all but 5 mins of my life.
Who's got the #MarchMadness?!
Join us for our next Free Legal Seminar on Estate Planning! June 24 at 7:00 pm 8333 S. River Parkway in Tempe 480-649-2905.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs
The Fifth Element 'Diva Dance' song >>>>>>
Do I even gotta mention how lame af you are for following the fuckin' principle?
Agreed. No more farm subsidies.
we gonna be workin out over the summer and for the camp in not sure where it's at lol ima ask coach on Friday
ha your funny lol
is it better , funner , how is it...
no broken bones...but turns out the tendons in my finger are messed up...yayy for orthopedic doctors and physical therapy!!
It's been a minute since my last tweet, but the #stanleycup has inspired me! LET'S GO CAPS!!!!!
RT Off to Grand Rapids to kick off a run of shows. Driving disc of choice currently is Great album by a GREAT singer!
North Carolina state archives talking about their CINCH web archive ingest tool. Open source.
RT : Waterstones' employee on the news: "We'll stay open, if they steal some books they might learn something"
Thanks Danielle! I hope we are able to serve you. Take care :)
are u a rpper?
Getting my nails done wit For the iconic boyz Lol =)
haha! RT : I remember when I bought my house and the deal wasn't to my liking so i had a press conference. Yeah…this is normal
And I should point out: I am booked on an Airbus A380, the biggest plane there is! , you're killing me! Killing!
When you coming back to Moto Tyra ?
RT Pace yourself! Never let ur hearts desire become a hearts disease.
I really wish I was joking!!!
my friend jennie. you can come if you wants. and i know you'd never be allowed so idk why i'm asking
Hey fans! You should have seen me today in the gym, I was getting my sweat on and then jumped in the pool shirtless. It was a sight to see!.
solid job, extra CHEEZY
Had a great time recording with the multi talented Groovy!!!
What is your story?
Fuck you bitch my name is Branew.
excellent! wordpress is so much better than blogger. spread the WP love. *G*
did he really eat it?
My best friends will do anything they can to help me out and I'm soo incredibly thankful.
Order a copy of "The Lost Works of a Lost Soul," from www.RShamar.com this weekend and get a copy for absolutely FREE FREE FREE.
being punched in the nuts > Econ
you just described my day!
I'm off, this.. Prolly not completely but fa now... unless it's my sis, bc I love her & I miss her I must talk to Simone. :) ()
Music Video Shooting done! I played the DJ! YES!
Dont forget to move your clocks up an hour this weekend!!
this pic i just saw that put up got me lmfaooooooooo
Why did I wait so long to watch Sapphire & Steel? Now I will watch nothing else.
the project looks great! I love the Alice in Wonderland post. Could you feature on your site?
Very special show planned for tonight my friends! In keeping with the theme, tonight's set will be different than the previous 2! Come!
#ChatNight: success! Awesome open forum on #healthy relationships vs abuse. Love to see educated young ladies making smart choices!
Mari sound asleep ...mommy turn
what time and should I bring anything?
Research says the average person will fall in love 7 times before getting married.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I only respond to innuendos and people who proceed statements with, "HEY GIRL!"
Or accepting Jesus Christ as your personal friend and Saviour.
When there's Sunday drivers on a Tuesday.
I don't think dating is for me
can #glee just be the show? the shirtless boxing darren criss show?
Birdies!! That sounds delectable right now! RT : Yardbirds for lunch..sure why not?!
Everything comes on, on Tuesdays! Its so hard to choose what to watch
2/2 on the interview trail and debating the legitimacy of telling ppl in interviews that I am "based" in NY
Camping in Collegiate Peaks, Colorado? Try Bootleg Campground. It's a walk in campsite/no reservations needed. Take a water purifyer & enjoy
I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation.
Still reading Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins (it's been a long week). Not loving it. Need something funny next!
I hear you talking but you aint saying shit..#miss me with the bullshit
welp bout to bond with my sister and nephews for a lil bit I do love them
Good idea! Keep me posted as cataloger-coder continuum is a topic near and dear to my heart :)
I am seriously starting to hate these people.
First time watching
Fitting & appropriate tribute to Whitney Houston by Jennifer Hudson.
I hate dudes that gotta convince them self that they're that nigga every five min. For every second u waste talking you could've been workin
's video hit 1 million views. his mistletoe video has 5 million views. tell me he doesnt have talent. i dare you.
Should I give up, Or should I just keep chasin' pavements? Even if it leads nowhere
:O you've been to Long Island four times!?!?!? Next time you come, TELL ME!!! Hahaha xD and on facebook it said someone with
OK friend, what's the "plank a day" thing? I'm gonna try one. I might die, tho.
Except that higher ed is unquestionably something we do right. The "sharper" people who've donned cap and gown run the world.
Men are like steel; both are worthless when they loose their temper. ~ Unknown
I see Dan and Al will be back on FSMW this year...better stock up on subway and mic ultras cairdsfans
Oh my! Oh my! Excitement. Things are starting to happen in my life! NO MORE BUM STATUS! 1. Moving to LA, 2. Interviews! 3. EDC
I will never understand having 10 bathrooms, even if you have 6 bedrooms.
RT Shout to All the A-List/Underground artist, promoters, DJ's, Clubs, Radio, Rec labels, Magazines, Media, Etc. Keeping this music Alive
Watched Wipeout last night. Even my 3yr old was laughing his butt off!
Welcoming back to Texas!!!
Happy Mothers Day
And you're also an idiot, who is fighting a losing battle.
So mad about costumes..
Yes, you should have received them tonight in an email to the address you provided when you registered.
Sleepy as hell jus had a rude awakening
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: THESE ARE THINGS U SHOULD ALREADY KNOW = Great, so it's MY fault?
#FF his photography is pretty awesome
No matter what the weather is this bitch knows how to survive!! love u bitch!
I got my copy of ur new song!
in the dark. power outage on the westside of el paso.
Man sentenced in LA in turtle smuggling case - The Seattle Times
Trendy bands suck the o2 out of the atmosphere.
can u guys plz get a wide out that's durable this time damn how many DEs u guys go draft on the first round
She can't Love you like I love you, Baby you know its True.
Who all is going to see at the Jacksonville Fair Thursday night?
good morning montanamama, happy thursday to you
those don't even exist anymore?
#YoMommaSoFat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way
very much agreed.
Cool picture
VERY impressive record Wrench. I'd like to learn from your research if you care to share.
I have mind control over these hoes lol
we checking it out now.. Follow us
The Milwaukee Auto Show is in town. Tell us your favorite St. Pat's Parade memory for a chance to receive 2 free tickets!
#whyigive Want to feel good? Catch the 2011 wind-down wave and make that extra gift to your favorite charity.
Am I the only person who does not care about football tonight? Not even a little bit.
first week but I was already on the P90X to start so that helped me not kill myself completely lol.
Yeah! I haven't read smut in ages!! lol
A gift is a gift, and you shouldn't take it back. But you can take it away as a punishment for poor behavior.
Thanks Kravitz!! U back Friday @ HomeBass ?
all good bro. Hit u on BBM.
Aw enloy. I'm off to a friends house to hang out.
- welcome to twitter. I'd have thought 'minitel-lover' 'jean-pierre-minitel' or 'minitel-lab-usa' were more apropos handles.
silly, you don't expect to open the books for the city and let people actually find all the waste she can't
Go Buffs! PAC-12 champions!
How is the new gonna say its not gonna rain this week when its clearly raining outside.. I think we shld make THE HOOD NEWs..
That sucks, as does United, the airline that treats you as a number NOT a person at BEST.
I asked her a while ago for you. and I just asked her again
I am glad you enjoyed the writeup as I enjoyed the pairings.
Who Tf Steals Plates, Pillows, Silver Ware And A Blanket SMH
Not sure what to think of all of this.
Determined to change the way I use Twitter and Facebook.
that much easier for u to drive off a bridge
RT : Whoa! Quiet the speed trap in sun prairie near eastside Copps. 1 cop clocking + 4 pulling others over!
you're in #chicago! sweet! did you find any fashion inspiration at the Art Institute?
How I see dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labradore. - How I see cats: cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
All that Pittsburgh has? What about.....um...that guy we drafted 1st...you know....um...SHIT!
Goodnight Twitter Tweeters <3
#whendiditbecomecool: I find it suddenly, sometimes it'd be precious happiness if nothing is changing.
This is TO funny! 😂
seriously, i don't give a fuck.
To anyone that text's me and don't get a reply , I'm sorry. I never really have my phone in my hand or by me as much because I am busy.
I'm scared now. If its open again. They'd have to sew me AGAIN. 😳😖
Last tweet was a quote from Jacob Abbott's delightful 1856 children's book, "Aunt Margaret; Or, How John True Kept His Resolutions."
We've had nine days of excessive heat warnings here in the valley! What are you guys doing to beat the heat?
come play
#celtics win in 5. #sixers aren't as talented as the team the C's just dispatched. Boston wins tonight 88-79.
goddamn this noam pikelny album is great
Is it wrong that I growl anytime I see a kid sitting in first class on a long flight??
How where Josh and Jen?!? lol
"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits.....
I have the same reaction Marc....and you know what? I'm ok with it. Something about it irks me and I can't even tell you what.
Just because we get in a little fight doesn't mean I don't love you. I do. I love you. (:
If you have a problem with me call me. If you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
I guess MJ and Scottie should have passed you the ball more in clutch time.
by who??? (i need you to help my fantasy)
As it turns out, we all have a different definition of what global citizenship is. What's your definition?
Hang in there. Sending good thoughts your way.
Me too! Just hope it's a night I can attend. :)
Head is pounding and I have to go to work today. Crap.
If badgers stick w/ berggren pick and roll game, they will lose
No, but I'll check it out.
haha yes! You are purely awesome ;)
Reality is hell and my dreams are my heavens
hope ya'll voted for DD tonight on DWTS!!!!
. Collins listed his time in the audience for Obama's 2010 visit to WNY as a donation.
In maryville just watched a movie now to the park
Somebody stage an intervention, I'm addicted to my job.
Miss the GANG..:) I'll be back soon... Ready to roll.
I'm going to be under the influence to the point where I already plan to have a cab. How do you think me cooking would turn out?
Hey what's up
I love my babe :)
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using code TWITTER at checkout by 4/30
Love him! rt For his 1st short story collection in 6 yrs, George Saunders moves to Random House. TENTH OF DECEMBER pubs in fall 2012.
Kingdom Plantae definitely did not believe the groundhog. Growth tips are now visible on most of the trees here.
productive 2 hours! anticipating more discussion moving forward.
ok I love you too but I don't know about the part about you needing me
josh took my phone and was texting you?!
us history study guide = done (:
Watchen this Steve Harvey stand up
When I open my eyes, all I see is money.
It's easier to find a woman with some sense then it iz to find a nigga that ain't on bullshit
Yep, you know it!
I LOVE YOU ALL.
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 10:03 in 1st #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Kid now beatboxing in back seat.
I believe history, stats and character. BOTH Peyton and Tebow show skill there.
Watching re-runs of Deadwood on C101 (reg cable), they did not edit out any cuss words. The F-bomb & C*cks*cker was a big part of the show.
#PeopleWhoDeserveToBeHitInTheFaceWithABrick Those people who call their own mom a bitch over twitter...
You said you saw a video that you saw of me and I am quite certain you didn't see a video of me. Another Badger had this issue
RT via It cost nothing to dream.. And everything not to
Does anyone else think that if Jay-Z sang, he might sound a little like Mick Jagger?
yeah I hear you
what time is the tapping?
these late nights are murder. im awake when the rest sleep. im awake when the rest are awake. im pretty much always awake.
whats god dude? You call yesterday?
I should have known you knew that. you brain child :) Grats on being 1/2 Dr.
know what im gonna take a few shots of that dead crow there n call it a day you diva! :D
I sure hope you meant "pastries" not "pasties." Cold pasties aren't very appealing.
The Fray are playing at the Palladium tonight if you're looking for a reason to stay in.
Monster iCarPlay Wireless Plus FM Transmitter/Charger for iPod ...
Had to go with Alabama as my daughter is from L. A.
yeah, that's seriously stupid. However, institutional racism and instit. homophobia are diff things with diff (partial) solutions.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Agree on all viewpoints.
My trouble is NOT outlinging a NEW novel when I'm supposed to finish a current one! Keep going - you'll do awesome!
I guess all these Obama supporters forgot that he signed a bill that allows the indefinite detention of Americans on NYE.. Gtfo
Dam! I got ANGER Problems! When im watchin sports!!!!
Stay strong in Ohio, JC 41! -- Members of 767 (wish we could be there.)
complain!...and stay close to the bathroom ha! But really I just find time helps, usually about 3 days.
Don't forget ! The DC All-Star TV Team
No problem. Humor + #WalkingDead = a perfect Sunday night. Thanks for your awesome, funny tweet.
yes can't wait!
“: Loving this weather!! #onlyinMN”// Agreed! feels like I never left FL!
What made me cry in sports was win the Phillies won the world series and when Dr. J retired.
is the most brutally awesome person we know!
Beware is making a movie about Toy Story at Toy World Friday! Come be in it! Anyone that dresses up like characters from Toy Story wins!
Thank you for the link! ;)
Agreed. Michelle Malkin is a horrible person and ugly inside.
I know!
The pussy was poppin like craackajaaack
LOL NO BULL“ Rihanna head butt probably something serious”
Bout to get a bus ticket, if I recieve another one of these red light tickets in the mail...geesh!
감사합니다! Thanks for spreading the word!
Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars (esp small codes).
Oh, muh bad haha...I'm sorry, I just really really really don't want that account anymore.
goodnight world
Chiefs won, my wife is the love of my life, God is sovereign and the Packers MURDERED the "DONKEYS"
Thanks to playwright Jay Russell and cast Harry Bouvy, Finnerty Steeves, and Amy Warren for a GREAT reading of Cradle & All
Just finished an AWESOME interview with for !
Trippin over you like a crack on the floor
Awesome night with the fam!
Have not attended a conf where attendees are polled on their interests before sessions are posted.
Day one of restart went without a hitch. Here is to another successful day! What is on your menu?
July fourth craziness almost over... now for the real summer fun to begin.
always a pleasure to meet with this dynamic duo!
"Hello, sexual!" "Hello, homosexual!" 💜😘
"What is now proved was once imagined." - William Blake
We'll break for lunch and come back for more great testimony at the Detroit #defendingchildhood task force hearing!
I've been doing me so start doing you . Shit.
agreed, but nearly impossible to use - similar to pipes
Love it!
i want to hear "So Many Girls" by on
Blouse on yo life
Confession6:i dont like girls that are easy
I wonder y my life has been going this way ? Uummmmm its funny wat happend yesterday i sleep through the earth quake hahahha i was like wtf…
u do'n it like that early in the morning kinfolk...don't break 'em off too bad....
lol. no. i'm at home.
Every nigga wanna be a rapper , every chick wanna be a model ..
haha. sorry, dude.
I emailed it. Should be interesting how things turn out.
A soft #answer turns away #wrath but not mixed with #sarcasm... Lol
yea.... Lol get some beauty sleep
Finished up my last responsibly, an article for Time to double check the gear and packing then off to Oaxaca. Take care all
#Pittsburgh #Penguins at Winnipeg Jets Tonight 8:30 ET Lets Go #Pens!
past 3 days... sunday-paranormal activity 2...monday-power out by myself...tuesday-power out again...today power out at work...wtf scary.
yalls are older tho. I'll be better off than my wife. Lol. She'll be checking all the time.
Please pre order my new cd called "earths on fire". Coming out april 28th, 2012. Like this status and support me
Damn.. I wanna hit up lifetime nbs..
How to Choose a New Hair Salon Internet Marketing & SEO
Malice Intent
Suzanne, socmed and email mktg consultant from Austin. First time at #brandchat. Heard about it from Sounds great!
My whole leg workout has left me paralyzed to do anything.
When people put the date the wrong way round and they live in the UK! E.g UK: dd/mm/yy USA: mm/dd/yy
Good save by Wilson! There is a wing on the track currently.
Third Tip: Compare each dating place. Try only those places where you feel safe. Avoid the others.
Jackson's Fury vs. The Rhodes Warrior
Enjoy! RT : Finally got the package I've been waiting for! Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl! Woot! Thanks !
To add insult to injury Sweet Caroline came on right as the final buzzer sounded.
Any chance to get an award made for Pittsburgh Craft Beer week?
i only told her about him. thats all.
HB1169 passed 10-0 as amended to be a study committee for best practices in school discipline - thanks to all who made it a better bill!
tell ha girl ,AINT NUN TO IT BUT TO DO IT
Huge game tonight in Milwaukee as the #Bucks play the Knicks at the Bradley Center. Let's go Bucks!
": thier gray still but there turning light brown" aww I thought they were gonna turn green or somethin
prob last day at the beach
Did send an excellent blog post. I responded to an OD that send a Spam message,asked what was up wonder what was up.
I'm in lobby. Come down
Softball: Clackamas ups lead to 2-0 over Canby in fifth. Cougars hitless through four heading into bottom 5.
Sitting in a booth at the bookstore. Already have 2 loads in me.
Why do trips to the DMV always have to be so difficult???
you should go up to her and be all like "coach Taylor doesn't deserve you" and then show her the burn book you made of her
Haven't been here much. Hope everyone is doing good :)
I think if offered a follow for everyone that donates at least $100 would meet her goal. I'd donate
Thanks for the follow! Glad to be part of your professional development today.
Happy Teacher's Day to all the teachers!
There are many sexy ass peeps in this world but how many of them have the attitude to compliment it?
Shout out to the losers who just called me on a blocked number #buttermymuffin 😄
Pouring rain in Vegas! How often does this happen??
how is it different than texting?
do you owe Gilbert an apology, nm we already know you do, letters Try this one, will you ever not choke in the clutch?
BREAKING NEWS: I finally took my first solid shit in 5 days. No more diarrhea!
So happy that the league is back on, I needed it to stay sane with all the ff going on around me
lmaoo no nigga this has been here since I was 7
did you get something?? lol
Beyond excited to see at the tomorrow night! Hope he makes me laugh
ug, better u than me! ;) good luck! Xo
Should have reviewed that | I think they made the right call | But should have reviewed |
This BAM guy is so awkward but its cute lol
just started using Seesmic Desktop instead of twhirl....at last I can manage multiple twitter accounts at the same time!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
This chick really just caught an attitude w/me bc when she asked me what kinda weave I used, I told her this is my REAL hair. Smh
Son a bitch! #Packers hold record being the first team to go 15-1 and not win a playoff game.. like we needed 2 be reminded of that! #NFL :P
Stress levels at maximum. All that I want right now is a do-over, please.
Tonight, coming home after stamp club, on the landing of our staircase, Is a roll of paper towels completey shredded! Naughty cats!
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY WIFEY !!! Can't wait to get home and celebrate with you this weekend babes!!!!!!! luv yahhh <3
It was the president and that show is always hilarious. You would've woken up.
he says i don't deserve one. I want a poster of rose. He's hot lol.
Here's a tip on how to pick up chicks. Instead of listening to them when they talk, cut them off when they speak by saying "I do poopy"...
leggings i think .
Good Luck from your friends
The Role of the Best Man
Waukesha Toastmasters is having a "Bring a Guest" night on Thursday March 24th. Does anyone want to be my guest?
amazon, Doesn't like it's customers why is that?
I just tweeted to myself!!!!!! Embarrassing
oh right, I was invited 😜 RT “: Dinner at Clooney's house. Laurel Canyon will be ground zero.”
Hot$pot...hows that new mixer?...loved the pic of you & your Misses..for your anniversary..
Rock Bottom and Gleeam casting finally wrapping up - I hope! Websites for both shows coming soon!
I collected student journals each week and learned how to motivate each person based on what they shared. We connected.
MCA test was and is worthless..
For weeks now, numbers of new followers daily. But my number of followers do not increase!!!!!!!!!!
#NowPlaying: Dock of the Bay by #OtisRedding. Guest host is
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
oh noes! Now I’m really glad I went with the 77 last night.
Does anyone know what the pressure is, in pounds per square inch, at 35,755 feet under the sea?
Why am i still up!?
the webcam is a narrated stream that I can't listen to in a quiet bedroom mms://drop.physics.uq.edu.au/PitchDropLive
Very funny! There are a lot of great designers right here. Would love to work with them...
cut a bitch with a butter knife lol
I'm in one of those moods where I want to break expensive electronics.
tweet tweet lol
It is god that you embrace life.
A Santorum landslide? Time to bring those sheets to the laundromat. Vulgar, vulgar, vulgar.
ATTENTION LADIES!!! ITS BLACK FRIDAY AND TONIGHT IS THE Special Edition of TGIF: "Pure Onyx" The All Black Gala Uptown Lounge ….....
Good Morning Badger Fans! Where are you watching the game today?
Heading to NYC. Woo! Any of you (esp. those who are lit-inclined) have a good event suggestion? Esp. daytime events.
At the movies with the girlfriend, seeing Cabin In The Woods.
Cinema - 21 jump Street
lol find out what?
Weed makes you hungry and lazy and cant peel your ass off a couch..
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 75F Fair: 75F Fair
what are you talking about drummer boy? im a drummer girl! and justin my drummer boy <3 lol jk
thanks for the klout I need it and appreciate your support.
Ladies, if you don't want your chach broadcasted on television, you shouldn't wear a dress to a baseball game. Skirt up at your own risk!
My understanding is that there was a great deal of painful change to get to that schedule as well. No?
Nope. Celebrating something like 5yrs since his first dump would be weird.
I'm thinking about all the times when things could have went the wrong way. I'm grateful to be alive.
my bones hurt.
Granger want that fade
Thanks for the follow, Brian!
Oh man, what a catch by
Yeah Jan or Feb would be perfect! We can do a little bit of #Milwaukee and a little #Chicago !!
RT : When bad things happens it's easy to forget we're blessed...
If you find the gift card and coupons and post your picture on our facebook page, we will add 5 more dollars to it!
Hi everyone in the whole world let me tell yu a story of friendship and honor.
Granny G is killing me on #AGT. Rofl.
Merry Christmas!
Makes you wanna sang m m m mm m
For #leaders from "Your Brain at Work:" The ability to stop oneself from thinking something is central to #creativity!"
I hope you draft Danny Trevathan OLB, he lead the SEC in tackles last year.
Come out tonight to BRINK ORLANDO. Free cover w/ GRINDR app, open bar 11-12!, and I'll be spinning starting at 10 in the Disco!...
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
Need to get #blownaway by ASAP! (: Been listening online, and this is the shit!
I Love Getting Pedicures I Tell U...
you know it cap't!! Hope FoCo is having fun too!!
Fair enough misread
Have a great 4th! Happy Birthday USA!
Is loving better than being loved?
I am looking forward to the MMPA Summit & Expo tomorrow with ! Who else is going?!
Thanks for reaching out. I will email you later today!
Learn to forgive and forget. Holding grudges is a waste of life.
Remain rocking, please! Thanks for the follow.
sexy lady!
Thanks, but I'll pass. Snoozefest. RT I will be appearing on tonight at 9pm eastern! Tune in!
RT RT : He was on Wikipedia today.
couldn't give blood cause I might be anemic /:
Ok, I *just* found out that we had to issue two refunds Thursday for Bridgetown attendees who thought they were going to see Jesse Ventura.
Isn't he just a ray of sunshine?
your talk was awesome (as expected)
Thought experiment: If 50K-plus people had been brutally killed in Canada over the last 6 years, would that dominate the news here each day?
I refuse to continue losing sleep behind BS
I try, I try so hard, and I get nothing back.
Hey #libchat I'm an instructional services librarian at the University of Arizona -- glad to see some Emerging Leaders are here 2nite!
Due to the fact we were at Century Link Field last night (great game!!!), eating St. Patty's day corned beef and cabbage tonight. YUM!!!
what happened??
Thanks for the follow -& to answer your Valentine question - we think you ask that of all the cats so we're holding out! ;-)
Sometimes during the day, i use the word LOOFAH so much, i find my tongue stuck to my piilow at night,...GROSS
im already following you! haha
Kentucky famous for frying birds!!!
Hiw is it being in NY as a Pens fan? Many people supporting them?
& suddenly, i become a part of your past.
Tony Ambrose's name picked by Lewis, passes 4-0, "not going to mess around" and is sworn in
At COURSEY right now!! :) #BCSFREEtickets prizes all day!!
I'm going to do my graduation cap in THOR!!
#MorningMotivation - Believe that everyone you meet is remarkable, heroic, and magnificent -
Don't worry though, we're in a post-racial society. I'm sure they voted for him because of his wonderful policies.
and that pisses me off
Yung_Alhaji Was Better
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
is the best!
Think you can’t eat Mexican food and lose weight? Think again! Order the regular chicken taco salad, 414 cals and 245 grms of protein!
Hm. Did not know that.
Strawberry Pancakes eggs and ham
happy anniversary to my loving parents💍❤
What would you most like to see added or changed?
Congrats to Ron Santo
. the first rule is don't doubt yourself. If you LOVE acting then really love it and do it 100%. You can do anything.
so what kind of #homebrew did you make this weekend?
Aloha! Here for a wedding.
Sunday's almost over 😒😔
This NYC 22 show is way over the top and just rockin clichés everywhere but I'm gonna keep watching.
Wondering what the Irish saying #sláinte means? Get to at and we'll show you!
"The daily" is an absolutely great app
EVERYONE FOLLOW !!! THEY FOLLOW BACK & PROMOTE YOU!!! #FOLLOW THEM & I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT!!!! X"
Get at me my football fans
Day 41 no #coffee. Forty-one! Just one more reason to not drink the office "coffee."
Rachel is telling it like it is.
that's a lie. your the stupid one.
definitely! I'll look for you at the next break!
: Totally. Amazing how some Twitter newbies get 20K visitors by tweeting random quotes and stuff.
Good game any ways Lakers I aint to mad
u got a track wit an open verse i can murk out real quick??
Aw hell na man
How powerful are ? Very, says one journalist here.
Alaska. So much to do there. Lol
Oh man. I hope you pack your PARTY COMPRESSION SHORTS! We bring the FUN with the post-run Bloody Mary bar. :)
I mean still not cheap but...
I looovvvvveee you baby! ❤
What are you whining about? KTUU gave you Klout too. Call it experimentation, if you will. Needed to see if it works.
THANKS TO ALL THE SERVICE #VETERANS AROUND THE WORLD...YOU ARE THE REAL HEROES!!!
This is just ridiculous, its getting old.
a great night at Urban J's first all "Prophetic Voices Poetry" Open Mic! Brain is tired...Heart is hopeful...More music on the way!!
I find Dems who claim #Santorum would give a tougher test than #Romney to be disingenuous & hoping to sway GOP primary voters
RT : It's white people get drunk and eat burritos day.
listening to stand up on repeat... Definitely my favorite :)
Ditto, long live Chester Gap!
any recs for apps to read web server log files? I gots a bone to pick wit AdWords
If you refuse to give up, you can NOT fail..
Warm day in Chicago. Just rode my bicycle from Evanston to Millennium Park... But wussing out and taking the El back. It's windy, yo!
I liked it too! The girl who played Matty was SO good!
Gasol with a cut on his lip. Getting worked on by Gary Vitti. Nuggets on a 8-2 run.
'you don't have to like her, you just have to be nice.'
WE appreciate the follow. Pleased to meet you Mike. WE followed back.
Full disclosure: I'm no longer working in libraries. Future tweets will focus on city life, photography, Whedony things, and my dog. Thx.
GM drops the Pontiac brand! Where are all the hometown high school girls going to hang there graduation tassels now? GRAND PRIX!! WHY!!
especially when they are on collapsible bikes. ’s got my back on this one.
sorry for the late reply, still new on twitter. yes we do raw scans & yes we can do a lot more!email for more
Many companies also seem to be afraid to hire new designers, who have less work and more time to dedicate
New Shirt Batman Crest Dark Knight Rises White Graphic Tee Shirt
We're going through a re-org. Yesterday was the last faculty meeting of the Educational Psychology program at UW -- after 50 years exactly.
one bad game and you guys are really gunna criticize c'mon that guys human
Oh, well, her mom died and their having a drum circle in her honor at the pier.
growler pour of what? Whatever it is, it looks delicious!
I should not be awake still. And I guess that is not going to call me back.
Eternity is not the hereafter...this is it. If you don't get it here you won't get it anywhere. ~Joseph Campbell
Pissing me off!!
is amazing and I cant wait until Saturday. Race time :-)
Every time I hear a Drake song I think of <33
Cardinal Mahoney- We are not afraid.
West Mission Bay Drive will be closed for triathlon starting at 1:30 till 4:15 so avoid it if you are going to beach
where in the world did i get Zach from then? lol. i just renamed you. oops, sorry!! ;) but have fun tonight guys!
Bout to eat something delicious!!!:)
Thanks for the shout-out. Here's hoping that you reached some new people!
What is the best supercar on the market?
haha yeaa Rachel got VIP for us and haileyy
And our football team is about as good as the Bengals so why not reward them. I mean they earned it two years ago when they won games.
#GoPackGo Be a Giant Killer Today!!
I Can't Stop You From Having Problems, But I Can Guarantee As Long As You Got Me, You Won't Have To Face Them Alone.
oh we will! we love seattle!
Over and back my Azz. He was bumped.
Headed to church. Discipleship class and im late. SMH
I actually got done like 30 mins earlier than I normally do.
Cheap, effective marketing = Custom tees!! Hit us, it's what we do.
Thank you for my awesome haircut!!! A nice way to start out my weekend!
ATL is crank downtown! Incredible game!
You guys need to come to Miami tho like on the real...
thx! I've used it but found it a bit more evangelical, not postmodern enough for what I had in mind.
RT PR peeps, this is a good week to send me Valentine's Day event releases. I am literally asking you for them!
I wanna stay up all night until we see the sun
It hurts me to watch 1,000 Ways To Die.
oh okay haha thanks !
Hanging out with josh thomas. Coolest dude ever.
Houlihans with the bro
Mantra for the day: Enjoy your life and enjoy the company which you keep. Attitude will get your through anything.
Twitter conversation without talking.
Looking forward to a Rematch in the NCAA Final
Dont talk about sports
I Feel Like Watching A Funny Movie
I need more tatts im slackin, one thing bout tattoos , Dat shit hurt!!! & its funny to hear people Naw it aint hurt lol
bo your punking out
Manis, Mimosas, lunch and more Mimosas with
SKC scored at least 30 min ago - blue confetti us STILL in the air above my head. An omen?
Blades of Glory
You never know what u got until it's gone.
What does mediation mean to educators? Some answers: tools to interpret; frameworks for analysis; translation; technology; scaffolding.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
TYPO i meant me* n that i was suppose 2 be a u:P
I'm just waiting for him to tweet me or dm me
Any #BYX guys at the game?
real talk who had the top three albums of the year I really wanna know ppls thoughts on this. my picks WTT The dreamer/believer section 80
Looking forward to dance/fight rehearsal today. Very grateful we are inside a studio instead of the outdoor amphitheater! 100+ Drink water!
Bass down low.
Who else can't wait for new cd Khaos Legions out tomorrow??!!
literally falling asleep I need you here to make me laugh
1 week until St. Pats Day! Time to pull out Hubby Dude's BFD dress uniform, find my green clothes and start baking car bomb cupcakes :)
I like that town. Did you go to sxsw?
Congrats Kyle! See you tonight.
WasteCap and its clients have diverted 386,812 tons of C&D cardboard; C&D projects are currently achieving an average 90% recycling rate!
Administration reminds me of Oprah. YOU GET A TARDY SLIP AND YOU GET A TARDY SLIP
When I'm this sleep-deprived, my tweets start to chocolate parachute marsupial tentacle horseradish.
I cannot wait for in Palentine soon she is just AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! <3
Eating on the subway is gross enough, but a hard boiled egg? Have some self respect lady.
need card 4 sale price, no manual entry of ID @ self-chkout? Only 1 register open? Trying to drive us off to Kroger?
only you will be able to let yourself out of the clost. Be Strong! LOL!
"Chronicle" was pretty great. Awesome action. Really cool effects. Very intense. Probably a buy on bluray.
#liber2011 Proquest Q&A: important point made that a library's only costs are its internal costs. Proquest charges nothing for the scanning.
Getting ready for our pre-Super Bowl party in NYC. Lots of Big Blue in the office!
Is it just me or is it freezing in here?
you see the game last night I'm guessing?
“: go to work!!! lol”>>>I'm SUPER late but LMBO you're a trip Bro 😁 Super excited abt Philly at the EOM😁
IronMan or Hulk... in Avengers Hulk. In anything else, IronMan :D
OH - I was thinking it was a couple of weeks ago :-). I really like the vividness of the poem.
Hey - isn't there one about that Figaro guy?
This game is great! Big plays, last team w ball will probably win.
Eatting at oleys pizza and everyones freaking out over some horse race on the tv
wow, didn't think you could be more social than already! Party on Ms Lauren, go pack and brewers!!! Aaahh
lets see if some doors will open
Thanks to everyone in the Bearkat family, love y'all! I'm excited for the opportunity on joining the Kansas State Family!
hey sweetie beast you!!!!!! Xoxoxox
yhur a JesusFreak??????So am i its glad 2 kno dat there is some Jesus in show biz
People shouldn't wear their hair back if they have disfigured foreheads!
yes i know it makes u upset wish u went 2 my school so u could help me
Requon is a bitch how the fuck u goin talk bout wen I am out of town like wtf grow some balls I am a girl nd I got more balls than u
Good morning. Hope ur having wonderful day. At favorite Negril internet cafe, pecking away. Signal flighty today so working fast. Enjoy! :)
Just finished hosting our second show for with my co-host be sure to watch it online at Trojanvision.com!!!!
#Allin win for the gmen last night. Part 2 has the Badgers smelling like roses.
Yes...College Basketball has offically started..lol Lets go
Me too! My husband and I actually share our calendars, so the reminders do my "nagging" for me. lol I love it.
Agreed. Nice that it's somewhat dryer, but feeling kind of (gray) blue myself.
they really dnt..cuz dey gon be n da bed sleep well idk bout urs but mine will be while im up at school
wishes there was a copy of Rituals of War within 2,000 miles of him *sigh*
Just saw Marine One land at the White House. So cool!
right here lol
I distinctly remember a driving school teacher suggesting that when you feel a sneeze coming on, just pull over and stop the car.
Lol, I just noticed there hasn't been on Avengers movie ad during the Avengers show, what's up with that?
: Haha. I grew up in the 'burbs so I know my way around pretty well. Also, I've given this way too much thought.
besides babies - pretty much don't care at all! Just let me do my thing and be myself. Occassional couch action!
I need a new shampoo can anyone let me know of a good one?!?!?!
Bullying is such an awful thing n if u are a bully ur clearly just stupid for doing those mean stuff that can cause someone their happiness
AW did the cute fish in your dorm die? <\3
send me the pic!!
TO EVEYONE TWEETING ME I GOTTA GO!!!!!
Thanks Chad!!
Can any #FantasyBaseball Owners please loan a pitcher to the #Redsox?
Shake off that case of the Monday's with some tasty tacos.. We're servin um Up at Farragut square 17th and k. K?
not yet, also hearing bad stuff from friends who regularly listen to rap lol
if you watched Mad Men you would've seen that song on there....
I am still in Stage 1 of the 7 Stages of Grief: Shock & Denial
#Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck. Not a woma"
where did you hear that?
You're right about that.
Sounds of the new office - Greek guy singing, clapping and yelling loudly all morning. I feel like I'm hanging out with my family.
Mummbling a song because you dont know the words lol
You say you need me, but truth is you don't.
congrats on your first career hat trick!!!
Some Austinites, who have given her 85% of her money, endorsed "Let's Do It Austin!" But wait...this is an El Paso House seat.
Big night of hoops for the state of
I'm glad this day had turned upside down for me. Can't wait to load up and move it out!
I mean I did pass English 2...
Bet you won't find nobody to treat you how I do
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend. ~ Edgar A. Guest
Definitely listening to Pomp and Circumstance a few times this week!
This weeks already going by so *fast!
Watched NBATv last night... We not even close to a nba season! Derek Fisher made that clear in his interview
Singing Lutherans in adjoining meeting room add festive atmosphere to meeting
just listenin to music and skatin on my bed :P
Oh you remember it. It's downright titillating.
That's my neighborhood bar. Actually a pretty cool little dive. Intersting crowd. Free shots when cops have sirens blaring.
By 2050, world will need 70% more food. We need urban agriculture strategy to help answer demand & create jobs.
Hey!! Involved in a car accident? Why wait call 888 The Check. Get up to $10k the same day.
of course that's my job as "City Boi" ..we got a few cool spots..but we got major plans
#YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen you haven't slept more than 3 hours every night.
Recover Records listening party! Post recommendations and we'll take a listen.
so cool! bringing back the mixes! too bad i don't still have the mixed record my bf made me in high school :)
Time isn't wasted when your getting wasted!
So excited to be singing tonight at ! Its going to be a fun time :)
And all I get at the time was "rude."
Thanks for the mention, Paul. Have a great week.
LET'S GET THE PARTY STARTED IN HERE!
Oh n Go Patriots!
A Hero? Allen West was relieved of his command & faced court marshal & imprisonment unless he retired from service. -Disgrace
Who's getting the Money May fight tonight?
I will never be able to watch Empire again without seeing dancing Lobot in my head. It's funny every time.
Actually that's totally what it means, come to think of it.
Methinks Tom would disagree. ;]
. Break a leg! And say hello to for me!
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
im so happy and excited for tomorrow even though i have to go to school i get to see my bff but school is torture is it for u
Its official I have a set at the Club. That damn BeatKing. LOL, I need a intro drop for that shit bro.
Outstanding! Thanks for sharing, Melody. You might consider giving proper attribution to in your tweet.
totally down for some swag
oh, even better. misery due to incompetence! lucky you!
Getting ready to launch our newest product: Hemp Granola. Its all natural and made exclusively for Stoner Couture by Amanda Hunter.
this is so sad omg
stop the traffic, LET EM THRU!!
Waiting for to wake up so she can make me coffee. Who needs to sleep in after a 4am dance party anyway?
Ok Guys, you gotta follow !! Funny yet truthful tweets about Man Kind and the rules to being a Guy.
And yes, people do drink espresso when it's hot outside.
RT : There's no definition of a successful life that doesn't include service to others. Be inspired! NBC 3/28 8pm
Does anyone know if Mt. Lemmon is accessible today by car?
Radio on Pandora. Amen and amen.
Me and my better half on our
Ya know ive always had a crush on but when i followed him it got even huger!He is so downtoearth &sweet!nothing like malfoy kinda
follow me.? c:
my email is
You know Wat it is homie....
I can't wait to tell my dad what my babe said!! He's going to be so surprised
join me! It's nice up here
Starting to really appreciate people who don't have iPhones.
Thank you!
the writer of this column is ignorant
learning for a history-test 21:22 o’clock
har har har. Well in that case I'll be sure to listen!! :)
spring break
I am a huge Michigan fan, Go Blue! Also it's nice to see Mark Dantonio returning to coach MSU! I love College Football Saturday!
Meditating with my 5 yr old this is peaceful ooohhhhmmmm
RT Madison Wisconsin!!!! <3 #1 party town, #1 party school, #1 most confusing one-way streets!
#FollowFriday Follow and welcome them to Twitter!!!
Tomorrow night we get our rings! 2011 CAA Football Champions! I'll def cry a tear or 2 or 3. Towson University - Roar is Restored! - Bulldog
“: "If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution." ~ Emma Goldman”
LOL I'm probably one of the only people who still says it
Want to say hi to ? Tweet
Farenthold is a babbling idiot & a heart attack waiting to happen. Good thing he has health care.
Hey , be my sweetheart!
That's crazy tho! But, Jordan knows that if his fans and the people he loves mess with it, then thats all that matters! :)
:p I DID NOT LOL
...any stores around Metro Detroit have Nike Fuelbands?
The cost for using e-records is high up-front. the savings may be forecast in the use of alternative monitoring. Monitor from a remote desk
Thank you for following me!!
Not an issue on my 2010 Mac Pro but a good reason keep a backup boot drive of the previous OS whenever updating.
I can be dumb. And dumber. MT : Nice - little dumb & dumber ref in cinema brews? makes good ones!
it blew away my expectations.
It was a beautiful day of brunch... and SO good to see people up on the rooftop! Can't WAIT for a real "summer" day with a cold bier....
There's just something about the concept of "Hybrid Documentary" that is very troubling to me.
Watched The Wire, it was good, just didn't have that family soft side that really drives it home for me. Sopranos 4EVER!
Princeton u are #OutOfURMind kissing rocsi no offence rocsi and sorry my spelling off..we gonna WHOOP u Princeton (SMACK)(DOUBLE SMACK)
Today 1967: Gov. Knowles signed legislation allowing the sale of margarine in Wisconsin putting an end to 72 years of "Oleo Wars."
At home with the wife eatting pizza
three hours of sleep is not nearly enough.
nostalgic feeling is racially based
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Officially gave up
Mine was so z I had to delete it.
Haven't watched American Idol in years but turned it on in time to see this Haley girl do a poor man's version of "I Who Have Nothing"
that thermometer story is hilarious. Just read it to everyone I work with lol
i have these lush daydreams that i meet and he totally falls in love with me. ah, depressed now.
Is it wise to let people know exaclty where you are at all times?
Cooked perfectly executed pork fried rice today. I think I want to come up with a Mexican fried rice that uses chorizo sausage, lime, etc
that Forgetting Sarah Marshell is always on
Almost time to shine
RT : is searching for digital Art Directors and Sr. Art Directors for the KC office. Email Farrah McGuire for details!
RT : Yes, we're very excited :) MT : Pleased to see #Factiva finally integrated into the header on the...
can you try to convince her that the internet and MS Encarta are the same thing?
goodnight twitter world
bummer I am in Winston thru Wednesday.
This cute girl walking by saw me freak out when a leaf blew into me and now I'm going to stay inside forever.
Band name: Fag Books
Pure Green Coffee Bean Extract Featured on Dr. Oz Proven to Help Lose Weight ...: The natural compound contained in the green beans i...
All follow
Have you tried watching Star Trek:TNG since iPads came out? The crew seem to be using big, bulky, non-futuristic iPads all the time.
I wanna party with Ryan Lefebvre.
Remember, I knew you before you won the big money .
The other half of the bromance gets his letter now.
We will try and make it!
Its principal affect on insulin is driving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
MUS lax game with Steve
Thanks for reminding me that life is good after graduation. It's so true!
Help! I need an optimized Ticket to Ride route that completes 15 destination tickets!
When you get a girly girl shirt<< my arm muscles dont fit, if i reach out for something imma turn into the hulk & Rip my shirt off
-should've kicked that nigga out the condo like Pam.. but i let him hold me all night, like damn!!
RT : Kerry on Lugar loss: “This is a tragedy for the Senate"
swcd00170 : monster beats studio high definition powered isolation ...
yeah.. i have over 500..
Thanks Brian! RT Great interview Donn!
Chapter 13 allows a debtor to keep property and pay debts over time, usually three to five years. www.steveblisslaw.com
Love is like a game , theres too many players .
Google Analytics can be a great tool to see how patrons are utilizing the website. Use this info for site redesign.
“: Horse racing<<<<<< Could care less” LAME
I didn't get to meet her...was she as supercool as I've hoped?
FL has two underwater archaeology field schools, one in the Keys and another in St Augustine. Hoping for the Keys school.
“: we're such horny people.. oh well. (; lol jk.” lmao I know.. We need the D.. haha Jk! :D
Join us at 6pm at Sweat Records for this special SeminArt! IP Bootcamp: Copyright Infringement for the Musician.
"I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died."
Coming to see you tomorrow at UK... looking forward to it!
My prayer was answered! I'm very grateful
school starts soon for all 3 of us, which means you #PAKers may have to wait a lil while longer for another PAK video
Dear #twitterstorians anyone know good secondaries on first tariff debate in congress? and I both looking
I apologize my love
Idk why im watching full house
TV Antenna #BigData Cleansing Social Mashups of Content Mobile First Applications
If you had to do a speech and it had to be memorable; What would you decide to write about? #HowWouldYouEnlightenYourAudience?
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30 sharp! Bone up on your knowledge now and be back here in an hour and a half!
I tripped over a speed hump in the road and tried to play it off by running today at fitness connection. But now it's all good.
There's moisture in my heart. Won't you dry it with your love talcum?
what job where?
one of my followers
RT : Blogged on the Golan Court's copyright blackout, and its part in the #sopa / #pipa fight:...
Congratulations to the LA Clippers on the come from behind win against the Memphis Grizzlies. Good night tweeps!
okay well go kick rocks with my Mavs!
Isn't this week like National Birth control week or something or.....?
Let's hope the NFL doesn't turn the into a flag football team.i saw harder hits last season that didn't even get their wrist slapped
out selling golf .. good job Kat ,doing it for the kids
Snoop dogg is so high on jimmy Fallon right now hahaha
Lake Show.
Headed to the Braves/Dodgers game! :)
It's true only dumb people work at the movie theater now They burn popcorn and have to evacuate the movie theater in the middle of the movie
Hospital Facilities Managers hard to find? Not if you look in the right places! Yes, it takes time but we'll do that part for you!
eating grapes...#skinnygirlproblems just kidding.
Farrah is a bitch.
am glad, because they clearly wouldn't have
I don't smoke. I don't drugs. I'm a virgin. I go to school & I will not lose my self-respect just to fit in.
bifocal display
New Property in Buffalo Grove to be soon on the Real Estate market! Are you looking to buy or sell.....Check out my web site....Thanks
High achievers have bigger visions. Are you thinking big enough?!
Ah I know you're about to bag some bitches tonight ! #PuertoRican Swagger On Max !
Happy Birthday! To~Two Famous Americans #Dance Legends born on 5/10: Fred #Astaire & Judith #Jamison!
TODAY'S FEATURED ITEM Dr.Cutler's Pure Krill Mega-3 from the Antarctic for ultimate heart and brain health CALL FOR APPOINTMENT 713-632-0866
you did great! I love your smile!
woop wooop! Don't think I could be any happier :)
Im a beast dog
lol ell ya
10-year-old listening to dad's story of the olden days that began with "before there was Google": "Wait. You had TV but not the Internet?"
Privacy, selective access to self? Who has access or the skills to be able to control self online?
don't hate Tebow. Hate
Good night/morning
Europe 1, me 0. last time I go out with 3 Irish guys and a Russian.
I DONT JUST WANT TO BE HAPPY BECAUSE FOR THAT YOU NEED SOMETHING TO BE HAPPY ABOUT, I WANT JOY BECAUSE I FEEL NO CAN TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME
Contagion = mass bird+pig superflu outbreak.
I know sweetie!! Just letting you know was thinking about cha!
Took me 10 min. to find your bracket before getting to the very bottom of the last page of rankings? cc
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'll tell you what I'd do. Two chicks at the same time man. Always wanted to do that.
what you got going for Cinco De Mayo
There are maybe 35000 people still in Miller Park, watching the conclusion of the Cardinals game. Amazing atmosphere.
Screw you, Supreme Court on 46K prisoner release order for CA; release them in Wash DC
Ok im a chill out been mixing stuff since yesterday.
thanks B!
is it not true that Neville/Rio have no love lost during when UTD paid Rio 8full mos during drug thing plus his contract demands?
You know what gets you people's phone numbers at a bar? A smokin' hot KUOW canvas tote bag slung over your shoulder, that's what.
Modern Family was awesome 2night.
Not against poetry e-books but publishers need to double check line breaks & open space translates correctly on all platforms.
I don't think I mind at all of the weather stayed like this forever...
Im tired of being tired.
yummy combo!
Joan's hair is now even redder than it used to be. I don't know how people can possible think she's a natural!
SPOT - Situational Perceptions Observations Test
Dear ColdFusion form validation, why don't you work like you're supposed to?
": It was bad"<=at least u safe ma...just send a prayer up for em! Straight up
ok guess i'm going to bed. night all.
It seems that the Sixers have life!
Lmao she already know i'm coming for her !
No....Thank you sir!!
rumor has it u were visiting #Mke #Milwaukee ?
Right back at you. Make sure you hydrate properly. Or dehydrate, as it were.
Peeing my pants ! ! !
Cant believe all the post from me that I didnt make! This is worse than fb.
I have no clue where it came from, but I've been laughing all morning!
The only fair coverage is #Grassroots, let's do this! #Paul for #President!
Heh. Hope all is well.
Amazing to see fog this morning!
#gramblingstate - Congrats 2011 Graduating Class!!! Nice Ceremony!!!
Just when I figured out all those "you're fired" and hair jokes...damn it.
Swing and a miss !!! 33 saves in a row Stacheford.
I from the city where the skinny niggas ride With a Semi .45 to make the biggest niggas fold up, roll up
We had napkins too ;) ...and bottle opener keychains, pens, chapstick, sunglasses, slap bracelets...
ritard: there's one in every family.
U going to be home?
Hey if you love me you will follow me right? :) PLEASE <3
Trying to get to the gym but this traffic is crazy.
marches to the beat of her own drum!!!.... She deserves everything she gets!! She's earned it!! I know 1st hand!!
Blazers need to take this game tonight. I am already for the playoffs and want homecourt 1st round
stomach ache ):
thank you for making managing personal finances so much easier. don't know what we'd do without you!
*shrugs , were almost gone . Fuck escambia .
Knowing you, it'll look super legit!
I nearly bit the asphalt. Five some free wings, I'm wet & hungry.
Hey everyone! Do a lady a favor and like Hazel & Haverly on facebook. Or if you're on twitter, follow
": I wish I knew where I stood with you."
According to my #goodreads tracker, I am 26 books ahead of schedule (goal: 100 books in 2011). Yay me!
Good luck today!
everyone is gonna see
Hello my t friends
Walking is fun. Because u get to listen to K-Pop when you walk. Yeahh.
Also we are thankful for pizza. Without it we would starve.
what's wrong :(
I haven't modified anything like that
“: What do we feel about Tank, Tyrese and Ginuwine forming the group TGT? Will it work? Real R&B?” Hell NO
probable cauz i dont know you
I am so tired. Every day this week I had plans after work. Now I'm exhausted.
": What's meaner than taking candy from a baby? ... Tossing the baby off a cliff."
i got a heart the size of arkansas
First Name Shut B Pockets Cause iStayy Around Dhat Money Bro
thank you !
okay im going to be now good night<3 last day of spring break wahh!
I'm trying to uplift them! Show the how to be strong but its not working smh
once he goes pro he can finally afford some electrolysis
Whoops, our mistake! Well, let us know if you acquire mad artistry skills in the future!
#TwSIG Can bring Twitter into CMS, such as Moodle.
Robben why you gotta miss that PK : (
Happy birthday ! Love you!
I like when girls talk about their pussies.
You should write a book, Get one of those writers to help with the thumbs parts.
Early morning rainy shoot in LA.
She's been played with. We go way back, like high school. She owns me, I am her whipping boy.
I have to go to.bed, please stop, thanks. Bye
EXACTLY. just wait patiently for the results la! NB!.
bruins game tonight :)
No, visor
Alexa Weber Morales at the Dance Mission Theater 3316 24th St San Francisco Fri and Sat November 19th and 20th
I swear I love Kobe
yeah man!
is the best
Hey , authors of 'What Do You Want To Do Before You Die' () want 2 come on ur show & dance with you!
I MISS YOU. are you in euro, flipping out about the exam like i am?
ok & nothing better coming out my speakers than that lol
Im at _popeyes
police chase on i95s
The "WHY" behind what you do is enough to drive you.... Anybody who can just give up.... doesn't have a big enough "WHY" in there life...
Thanks for the MT !
hey.... I still have carsy. js
Former Indianapolis #Colts Running Back Joseph Addai Signs with New England #Patriots:
Hopefully the other ducks will heed warning and play nice.
A relatively small group of protesters is make a lot of noise on campus protesting the president of Rwanda.
Watching the magic that happens during occupational therapy with my son. The brain talks to the body in amazing ways.
LMAO. Tell it like it is. #DivisionRivals ": Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?"
I'm glad that U agree.
We're starting an #EdCamp in Columbus for 2012. Who wants to help?
Drinkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
so you only reply to people that have a picture of you as their avi? wow...
Thinking about getting a Ferrari jacket. Thoughts?
hell yeah "RT : Going out with my girl ;)"
yeah thats around my birthday. (; & when is vinny coming?
that is a HUGE bowl of ice cream!!! I hope you finish that!!
I c ur app is working very well
I guess I didn't ever imagine that the trend would include such a proscriptive title! The trailer looks awful.
having a title don't make you the boss
sent out mass email near midnight, 30% response rate by 12:10AM. You people need to stop working.
Happy Easter and Passover. We hope you're enjoying a beautiful weekend of reflection and renewal whatever your faith.
nvm i bitch also!
sweet dreams ★☆★☆
i love you that's it. that all i have to say for the rest of my life im in love with you... idk u but that's okay... 143
I can't jumprope naked either... keep hitting myself in the chin..
Obama took a page from Republicans: Come out swinging when you suffer a setback.
It's fun. I balanced it but had to make some tough choices.
Nd here we go...
we doing pick a song today? Island version of What a Wonderful World for Junior
Off work until 6 then there all night. Hmu with plans for after
It was a missed flight due to my 1st flight being delayed; so I'm cooling my heels in MSP, reading, but not drinking. #$$$
how ya doing ma
As an avid fish hater, I am offended by President Obama's statement.
I take baseball way too seriously... lol at a bunch of reds fans almost attacking me. This IS new york...
One day, I'll start messing with your feelings and you'll get mad because I finally learned how to play your game.
Kentucky was gassed down the stretch, let UK crawl back w/weak transition D. They. Would. Lose.
At least it was entertaining!
I love England!
when are you coming to Malaysia because my cousin wanted to know.
Are you coming to San Francisco for America's Cup?
Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it.
A path beaten may be easier to walk.... but when you walk your own path...it can be more rewarding....
Please tweet, text, email, call friends, family & neighbors about Early Voting Monday October 18, 2010. Punch #21!
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
this assignment would of been fine if they could of picked any candidate but forcing his view on them WRONG WRONG WRONG.
Dear Dr. Maslow... If your work wasn't accurate enough to get published in my text book why am I getting tested on your crazy theories?...
are you getting a little nutty there, or is the m&ms talkin 
RIP, Davy Jones! You were my favorite Monkee! ♥
Off to race home and pack for #BlogWell Dallas. 4:30 am wake up call is going to be brutal!
They need to visit CHI RT : Prince William & Kate visit LA nonprofit school that gives poor kids free performing arts classes
Never ignore a person who loves you and cares for you. One day you may realize you've lost the love of your life."
yeah, 2 songs... And when some girl asked him about "Then and There" he blushed and said he loved it...
Busy busy week!
Hahaha the homie has that Cotto voice down cold
Now following !!!
in the age of 8MP camera phones, how come people still taking fuzzy photos?
Another great event today. The Breast Health, Inc. Pretty In Pink Fashion Show & Lunceon was a great success. Pictures coming soon.
Well that ruined my good day! Fucking pissed!
ooh, the feeling you give me >> lol
“: You need to have a gluten free offering so I can enjoy it with :)” Potatoes have gluten?
Wednesday and Thursday of that week works best for me. Lemme know! :)
The #BBUK #BBUS audience should be happy with the guests, and co-host for
Finished 'You're Not Doing It Right' by and it's everything i want my own memoir to be, which rules, since i <3 plagiarism.
if a player loses their rookie status, he needs to be protected. Getting called up before the all star break means a lost year at $5.
Wine Tasting 101: Conclusion? Ripe & oaky? Perhaps new world...earthy & acidic? Perhaps old world. A simple way to taste wine. Salud!
Agree, it's not the end point. We shouldn't do it, just to do it. Should have some edu value, right?
Don't do this
": Loose Cannons and Juan The Blogger Presents: #FullyintheTux Compilation Mixtape. Coming this November! RT and get ready"
I prefer these kinds of digital preservation sessions because of the lack of OMGPANIC
big sean>>
thats awesome! yes! make sure you go to sushi nozawa on ventura blvd! it is honestly the best sushi on the planet. 5 stars.
“: kinda wish i was seeing guns-n-roses at the forum / L.A. (tonight) ... #memories” would be cool for sure!
World Tourist day is observed on September 27
Good Morning Beautiful People....have a blessed day
Holy fucking headache
Happy Sunday! Tonight: Lynn, MiWi and Tim play songs at St. Dymphna's (118 St. Mark's at Ave A) - 9pm. Wooden Floors...
Love the new vitamin water commercial lols
was filming at The Paper Box yesterday. Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
Be careful who you tell your shit to.
I think I'm going to be sick
Hm. Not sure about this one. Paul Giamatti to play HAMLET next season. Huh. :
nosey ass bitch like
omg! the clubs are gonna be playing lots of Donna Summer this weekend. can't wait to land in nyc and shake my tailfeather! :)
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':17
i was told if your head itchin somebody talkin about you lol
Nice - please tell Bryan I said hello. We worked together in St. Louis
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
Can't wait to attend FreeTulsa!
Now for closing statements. One minute each.
Its the weekend binchess.
#ASU going storm troopers against U of I
I don't like tweeting sexy people that my followers haven't discovered yet
My brother was bullied in the same way (followed home from school, harassed) bc he was quiet, gentle. Still makes me livid.
I dunno, i just doo..hah
We'll announce the radio-a-thon auction total on 750-AM at 3 p.m. A sincere 'thank you' to all who contributed!!
now if he's pissed off why don't you give head to receive head hm
m! (really, this could go on forever)
If you have some pecan trees, and some fruit trees, then I envy you. If I could, I would eat pecans every day. They taste good with syrup.
I'm so looking forward to coming home to a letterpress in the living room.
Just got an exclusive Bed Bath and Beyond 20% off coupon in the mail. Anyone want it?
Damn right! RT : If you're getting into an argument with a #Taurus, be prepared to lose.
Far greater hassle to kill RDA than the small short-term benefit gained, no doubt. Stealing from locals a promise made.
Still pissed that the Rangers lost yesterday. Figured a win would be my birthday present for today - guess not.
Kobe Bryant is once again saying Michael who?
hope u feel better
