what about females?
catching up on Pan Am and unwinding tonight
and you too!
Better luck next time boyz :)
Nothing worse than elevating to a new level and old folks keep viewing you as your old self! I think you better let 'em go!
I love you,
Just finishes a project development meeting!! Feels great!
no! I'm a way better fighter then you are! Can't you see my awesome fighting skills??
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
On a positive note Entourage definitely broke the record for most cameos in a season and in a season finale
ill tuesday! RT : Chilling in bed, smoking a bowl, listening to and thinking about how much fun I had last night.
lol did you get out of going to that computer thing tomorrow?
It's fucking pouring. I think I just saw hail
#questionsihateanswering "Why don't you have a boyfriend?"
: if u guys dont mind id like to take a break this week
Same! This is crazy! > RT : Done with my first year of graduate school! I need to keep repeating it to properly process it.
Halloween Caper in Campbellsport tonight at CES - live in the area you should check it out with ur kiddos
prize #8 A cocktail trio (3 polishes and a remover) from !
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering. -Benjamin Spock
she is! And its so gross i hate her
So. Amazing. I bet you look SO FUCKING HOT! You're the best.
Hola badass - I need to stop by more often and be social yes?
I'm not, lol. But I don't think he's ugly. (:
I can be anything muthafuckers, take a look, it's in a book. A reading rainbow.
For sure. What do you have in mind?
thanks for the support! XOXO
I can tell a person is amazing just by hearing a lot bout them.. :D J.s
#Miami breakfast. Sergio's with with my favorite Chicago girl
has never tried #pizzahuts #stuffedcrust :O
Letting the teens run amok as I hole up in my bedroom with a cappuccino and a massive stack of work.
#theresalwaysthat1person who makes you feel like no one else can.
Radioactive water leaks from Tepco plant.
Hi Sarah, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can show you how much people LOVE ur brand & engage users Follow 2 DM?
Good luck & , may the best of you come in 2nd.
Preparing or tonight's festivities: #Karaoke. 80's dance party/work out theme mandatory.
Thanks for posting! Useful for my project at my site...
"Joyfulness keeps the heart and face young. A good laugh makes us better friends with ourselves and everybody around us." O. S. Marden
The houses in LA 😍
I can't wait for tonight's ALL NEW PODCAST so I can find out this TOP SECRET topic wants to talk about. Lol
I didn't kno we had a date!?! Lol
Leah's taking 4eveeerrrr.
"It's not enough that a man has [clear] vision and sincerity, he must have the art of expression or he will remain obscure"-George H. Lewes
but thats my job...
You just make me blush :3
Good morning Sorry I missed you last night. Too busy enjoying my neighbor free world.
Anyone know of/have an opinion in Figment?
Ha! There's nothing symbolic about the gluttony caused by these burritos... commercial or otherwise!
me too but now I'm doing it. LOL.
god i told you so -.-
#WeWontWorkOut if you're immature as fuck
is it because you appreciate the opening it leaves for a new internet-obsessive's project?
Truck broke down, and we were 11 miles to the Tennessee border.. This paper is never gunna get finished haha
wait if my cubs are ever a WS contender...will be first every year lol
Thank you Terri :)
I pulled an by waking up hugging the toilet Sunday morning with no recollection how I got there. LOL!
Thanks Sis! Your the best ever! =]
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none...
Colt Cabana will be in the building.
?? RT:“: (802): He recognized me by my ass from about 15 yards away. I must have a REALLY nice ass.”
lmfao I'm smart to
Stop talking about her boobs, lol
What?!? Nobody there is going to be in my age group! Maybe I need to reconsider going. Lol!
LoL, on those cassette decks...
Perusing law library of congress written materials from concurrent session Check out www.loc.gov/lawweb/servlet/lloc news.
must be trading up so they can get Kavika Pittman
I once saw feces on the wall at a McDonald's bathroom but figured since they were already in the burgers I might as well chow
Should be
haha. We'll see. That's one of my favorite rappers, but he comes back and disappears every three years.
It has been a while since using the words "Republicans" and "normal" together.
The pain of child birth is equivalent to watching womans basketball
To Hurt A Mockingbird
mine wus ok[:
me too!
Republicans support a woman's right to choose to raise her family. And want to give that choice to more women.
I really want to ask SIRI some questions :))
I had the misfortune once and I had run out of ginger ale. Had grape juice (not grape drink) fake stuff won't work.
Solo set by tonight at Founders. Get 'em, gurl
is seeking a Conflicts Assistant in #DC. This role is a 50/50 split between administrative duties and conflicts responsibilities. Contact…
THANK YOU Ali !
McKinsey Quarterly - another highly valuable article on how to think about Social Media's affect on our organizations.
My only wish is I die real
smhh .... get that education ! :)
Die-hard soccer fan? Tiempo Deportes for you! Tune in Tuesdays for Sounders games and international futbol highlights!
Tell the truth, if you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it. .
Who has hanging bags with CD/picture book kits in your collection? What do you call them in the catalog? What is the call #?
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.-Albert Einstein
#ToMyFutureHusband Our daughter will know how she deserves to be treated by the way she sees how you treat me.
u look mad u look like a bad...u know wat lol ;)
Dude, any plans for doing a show on Long Island any time in 2012/2013?
RT : im fine (You was Born fine glad to hear your good keep grinding and keep doing your music you will make it
I don't know about Mike Tate, but I'm going to a rally Wed night regardless. If we have to #RecallWalker in spite of the Dems, we will.
#somewhereinthehood theres a white guy with dreads hanging with some niggas and his the hardest one...
Off to work
LA Cleantech Incubator announces 2nd portfolio company, Gridtest Systems, a smart-grid company joining LACI from outside LA. Great news!
Ghost on the dance floor
You are our 5th winner to meet This Sunday 1-3 Congratulations!!!
Thanks Stacy!
RT : We'll be rolling out your #newtwitter over the course of a few weeks, so hold tight if you don't see any changes quite yet.
Balance is an important thing to have in my life.
Chow time
2nite will be amazing celebrating life w/
Tomorrow wake and...stretch. Yup, I'm teaching 6am in Bellevue at Hot Yoga, Inc. Hope to see you there!
Raise your rates!
Um, your not a cop, you might want to consider removing that from your profile. You could get arrested for that.
oh gosh! Well you know I'll never be seeing you again!
Bear Down ?
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other? All we do is argue.My god
nobody cares about what you have to say, but you still talk .
When hasn't he been lately. Really?
all three. That's why our guys are confused.
Got this drink in my cup
haha! That's me trying to sing to the best of my ability
Yes, it is. I'm happy for them since that's something they both want.
I am so upset that went home. I cried. I can't believe myself. I FREAKING CRIED. Wow.
Now aren't you glad you stayed home>
So do we!
purple haze on deck ...4/20
Intense back & forth btwn AFSCME rep & Sen. Murphy bout eliminating tax subsidies, which Murphy didn't want to acknowledge was spending cut.
hahaha oh I'm sure about it cx
disgusting! These teachers more concerned about getin their rocks off than preparing the nxt generation 4 the future. Smh
I wonder if Code Academy has a mission statement addressing that.
Relationships Are Pretty Cool...
": We all have that one friend that is skinny but eats like an elephant."
My phone is on 2% •_•
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 100
“: Tonight at Hartford School Event Philadelphia” not Hartford! Very excited
i totally did! lol i can prove it with the chocolate stain on my shirt
when are you going to start traveling to see him.deno? Is meet you in Gb or Stevens point for a night.....
“: words of wisdom from the old man on our hike "it's closer to the top then it is to the bottom" Grindn'
RT : DIGGER's refuse to put an "h" at the end of "bra" so I keep getting really confused.
we really want you to come onto the show soo bad .. We cant find your people.. HELP HELP! :) Call us! :)
See you guys dark and early tomorrow, and I are gonna come get a few miles in!
Kate Upton doing the cat daddy in a bikini is easy on the eyes. Let me tell you.
Thanks for the #FF! We're in great company.
There's a point in Life when you start to realize, who matters; who never did; and who always will ♥
ill take one!
What happens when you hire Rob Zombie or Quentin Tarantino to make a safety video. I now have nightmares.
Anyone have a final on Arapahoe-Kent Denver boys lacrosse?
follow back ?
What platforms are you on?
Cuddle weather, and I'm not being cuddled. This is some fuckery.
anyone have anything they want to tell the Oregonian about Twitter? Peter Carlin's writing an article on it... word. Happy Friday!!
FAV Ladies! RT : Great talking to you ! is going to sell out on for sure..Break a leg!
followed girl ;) I love your Twitter! :D
i love me some windy's frosty! yum yum!
Omg I'm so over tired...
please hold your mad men tweets until all of us on the west coast watch it!!
oh hey you're following me now. cool.(:
LMFAO Your Conversation With That Girl Is Hilarious!!!!!! Im Jealous You Have #prisenswag Luckyy :)
Well done ..20-0 and clinched series v def Nat'l Champ Gamecocks..
That means The Office may not be on much longer -- sad news
Fucked me on the first night i still gt respect for u
someone keeps googling "john meyers university of pennsylvania"--i'm going to assume that's because they would like to hire me.
Thanks for the #FF. I'm a little late to the game, but it was a holiday so I have an excuse :-)
Me too! Haha!
Love this! RT : ‘Success only comes to those who persevere no matter how many times you get rejected and fail.'
Touchdown Fitzgerald! Again! Now that's a receiver.
Yes that is Kymani
When I think about it I just get so mad....ugh trying to get over it.
It's not enough to know how to make a website anymore. Now you have to be able to make #APPS. #FUCK ME RUNNING.
So apparently there was a 3.1 tremor in #CentralVA last night at around 11:30pm. I didn't feel it - did anyone else?
Barry G taking the mike and speaking about problems in reggae
US motto for 2012: Walk like an Egyptian
Say something if your feeling the vibe<33
not when shes about to get in the bath.... :(
You too!
Gonna be with tonight 👍
Temp says 39, but my deck is getting slick.
I think it's perfect tennis weather
the ladies though??
Might stay at a haunted hotel in New Hampshire this summer..should be interesting
Happy to have my computer back but no Internet, yet!! Personal hotspot or clear??? Hm....
yay! I can't wait ! I'm texting you once I'm done with work to meet up !
9hrs till the workshop! Reminder for all attendees under 18, please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com & bring it signed by a parent
Yeah buddy! #BOYFRIEND is AmAzInG #leggo RT
#Loco4Locals is getting started! Stop by for our 2x1 drinks, 20% off our fabulous menu and of course a live DJ!
they're talking about big 12 expansion on the other station which again is better than suicide talk
Im wearing a hoody n sum Jeans n hopefully a hat to work....it will b perfect for my fuck work today mood
Its been a beautiful day! Such a wonderful time of year and I love all the azaleas and dogwoods blooming in my yard!
I think and think my family are freaks
: At a game.. Is it bad if I want to see a fight? <--Heck NO! Fighting is part of the game. That's why #hockey is so great!
RT Educator to school grp after tour: what would you bring in your suitcase if you were coming to USA? 7 year old: a toilet
he is. Got the cast on 2day to the knee. He was crawling yesterday and I am sure will be walking by Friday.
Where there's a will, there are five hundred relatives.
haha yup im tweeting! lol my parents are a trip! but they koo!
Did a little karaoke, and now a 12- hour gig we call "work"!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i hope you know i aint buying you shit
lol, you fool
Huge thanks to our first 100 followers, all in barely 24 hours! Let's keep this momentum up!
How come Lucas is shirtless in all his solos? Lucky little poopface.
the only thing you are winning at is losing
Told Siri I didn't want to write my dissertation. She said "I thought not." what a smart lady!
Me: Mercedes what would you do if you won the lottery? M: Get a lake house in Cancun.
I'm solving this problem in two weeks
#Str8LykeDes.... I'm bout to get ready Facebook that was the last fucking straw...
When great people finish procrastinating something great is typically finished!
the #clippers will prevail!
Done following. Follow me back
Dangerous inspiration, friend! I am so ready to not come into this place! One of these days I'm going to turn off the alarm & z!
The only zombie I like is a Cranberries song.
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. Keep Smiling.
In SF at a starbucks where I used to take video classes YEARS ago-but they didn't have a SB here back then
Thanks! I'm glad most of the students from last night reached out ;) I think it's a new record. ;)
Boy, there's lots of military aviation action tonight in the UTC area. Been going on for hours.
you have fun (:
I've heard that before.
Just said "No." I'm still reeling...
eating ice cream! yum
Need advice on audio recording live powerpoint/keynote presentations and sharing synced slides online later...
That last RT, is pretty good.
or you might scream for some springer beads. Lol XD
Aw shit! The last episode of lost is intense.
Common cold will NOT keep me down! Shorts, tank top, Mucinex, & fresh bread from the market. Saturday picnic time!
Matthew Jockers graphs the network of the 19th-century novel, based on textual analysis. #bcltorphanworks cool!
Nobody is bout dat life to
Thx I'll be live tweeting so stay tuned.
Of course!
You can either give up, give in, or give it your all! - Author Unnknown
Since the Blazers are looking for a Forward does that mean that they are happy with the way Bayless is playing?
lol....got rough here for a minute!
It's great to be back, Twitter!
not at all. I keep changing it back and forth deciding the best language. Would like steelers in there too.
Given the amount of work done to make fruits prettier, we're not doing nearly enough long term/biomagnification studies.
Saw a Fisker Karma on the 15N. Now I'm sure I wasn't seeing things before.
I'm Classy. You're Trashy. Offensive? Truth Hurts.
#Advocare has introduced a NEW product! Rehydrate Gel!
lucky bastard;)
There is nothing like home made authentic Mexican food by my wife!
And the worse one of all, DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL while you are taking this medicine. I guess i'll become the Hulk much sooner than I thought
lol you're an incense man?? i approve!!
looking forward to knowing more about your business.
this girl has a beautiful smile :)
im not having such a good time at high school
♀Every morning that you wake up is another chance to get it right♀
Lol people on dylan's myb profile were trying to tell him that i lead a double life.
Have a 'no-er'? Say "you have 2 choices, this isn't a choice," the 'no-ing' will decrease when you decrease the use.
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be. Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cause love's forgotten me.
If you attended today's #collegeresourcefair. Feel free to upload pictures & tag yourself.
next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those
After #Rhiana's second performance on last night's #SNL, the burka has now been banned in the Middle East.
These Are The Times I Wish I Had My Own, So I Wouldn't Have To Deal With Shit Like This .... :'''(
Thanks for all the Rts & mentions!
after the hockey yo
Felix Jones???? C'mon man!!!! That dude has fooled people long enough!
ready to leave work. I wanna go home & take a nap. lbs.
BKahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about $30k in funds. Doable even for modest libraries.
that simmzy's brunch earned a follow
Kid on the streetcar is poking a guy he clearly doesn't know in the crotch area with a balloon animal. And I feel awkward.
I'm sorry, but all questions *must* be submitted in writing.
You inspire me. #doveinspired tell me, who inspires you? Pls RT
An unemployed court jester is nobody's fool.
I know right I'm going to take my son out to the playground.
That would be amazing! We will definitely be keeping in touch. <3
Moving offices today. I get to pack more stuff. Yay, me.
u sir- are a got damb legend in my eyes. DR says "yo one more headshot, ur done.." what does 237 do?? Shred washougal. Savage
Thank you, Carl! We hope to welcome you as a guest soon!
JUST CAME UP WITH ANOTHER DOPE MELODY! I GUESS U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS LOL NO SLEEP YO LOL
Watching Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story with Viggle Mon | 15 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
how are you gonna post something on cragislist and not put a phone number? you aren't gonna sell anything without that!
On April 3, 1973, Martin Cooper places the first cell phone call to a rival at Bell Labs and the rest is history
@ work: Not usually fan boy, but just rode in the elevator with Jimmy Cliff, fresh from his Tiny Desk Concert.
Does anyone know a good, affordable video class in #Baltimore? Looking to learn the basics of production & light editing.
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "Feed" by M.T. Anderson.
Wide awake :o
and beetlejuice is such a badass name for a cat ahah ^_^
Big ups to , and other State Journal staff for a Pulitzer finalist nod on their #wiunion work.
"I'm going to give him a storage discount he can't refuse"
How am I still fighting this head cold!?!? I just want to run already!!!!!
hehe yeah. She is pretty darn cute
Armed with a resume and references and with LinkedIn Profile much more filled in. See who might could use me.
Me" Where are you from"? Her "Montgomery County" Me" Where's that compared to here" Her "Montgomery County" Me "um okay"
Talk that talk yeah I know I I'm such a show off
Currently working on the issue. Thank you for bringing this to my attention!
School almost over. :P
kids dnt know nothing bout good shows, music, or nothing these days smh
visited the New Media Academy at Hollywood High School today. Lots of cool opportunities for media-savvy kids.
Who's Watching Alex's YouNow Tonight ? -Ally
This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action - I will write it out. Calisher, Hortense
Cool, thanks and fun downloading.
Hahaha lmao! *shake fat kids face*"Kathy ya seem drunk.-just a little bit but i type like a motherfucker!"
I wasn't able to wear any of the wraps, cup size went up each pregnancy... and there were 5, no room for baby!
Have you ever noticed a pattern? Most successful people have had hard times prior to their success!!!
We're back up! Thx for your patience!!
Love Beeline Home. Looking forward to seeing new product in High Point. Bunny is a genius,
what's that lookin like over there?!
Facebook buys glancee. Boring.
Happy Friday :) Have a great wkend. <Hugs>
Thank You!
Much respect to for giving us support for the show tonight in Paris. Who loves ya baby!
These Late Nights Is Going To Pay Off
Is it still rebelling if I'd kill for her shoe closet? (thanks!) RT : congrats and thanks for rebelling against Carrie Bradshaw
Good Morning, it's a beautiful day.
I need to cut. I can't stop myself.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Okay then. Thanks for the support and spreading the word.
I hope Holly is leading the water aerobics class today. It's 9 and my butt is in the water!
I agree!
#newspaces4learning"adaptation" oops.
yea am hoping to be back on my feet in two months unless my money comes thru
I tried to buy the new Album on iTunes 8 times & my billing info 4 times & no luck bought @ Amazon for $2 less
im going to my best friends birthday party 2morrow cnt wait
In the land of double wrapped burritos I'm steady mobbin at a 9.
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
hey hey!
So I hear it's earth day today & I love me some nature! I'm out in the country napping outside with the sun, wind, trees & birds. #beauty :)
I'll close my eyes and ears
Minds...we're the UT School of Information. You"
Ice cream time yet ? :P
It is impossible to fathom what could have been without first considering what already is.
Do you believe in the old way of marketing . grassroot hard core to reach new fans
Looking for GA monsters to talk gaga fashion for an upcoming story. reach me at if interested. tx.
I want to say thanks for the excellent resources you pass along. I actually READ (and not skim) most things that come from you.
Good to know RT : term #transmedia for video/blog/mobile/social platforms to harness #activism fight
Some of yall showin yall ass right b4 i come home smh ... But its cool tho
I love LA diversity - as I ate, the owner of a downtown restaurant fluently screamed at her staff in at least three languages
"I tore these out of your symbol and they became paper." River has all the best lines.
LOL "blah blah blah" means working on trash to talk later in game :)
Just left Jackson. Next, Bama, for shopping <3.
RT A Shift by Women: Obama leads Republican front-runner Mitt Romney 51%-42% via
Just took 30 minutes out of my work day to create the perfect workout routine...and I shall begin tonight!
Why do we work in offices instead of subsisting off tropical piers?
I agree! for me it's the little stuff after building an application. you get 95% done and then have tweak display issues
is off to bed knuckle-heads!!! :-)
RT : Bummed I can't be at the game tonight but I'll be back tomorrow!! Woo hoo..haha let's go #SFGiants send them #Roc ...
Do it! I'll join you!! “: “: If the Packers are seriously trying to get Tebow, I am seriously going take up heroin.”
Excited for my day with
His monument was people going about their daily lives in freedom - not statues or shrines.
you had us at Vodka
it's next Wednesday! April 6. Can't wait to see ya.
omg. SO ENVIOUS RIGHT NOW.
mornin to all my lovely followers who screamin
This nigga always fly
great movie
Some guy just asked for a secluded seat so his wife and him can make out... #Uihhhhhhwhat?.....
Cum on guys. Gay jokes aren't funny.
So it's Wednesday morning. It's foggy as hell. OMG I'M IN SILENT HILL...Best game ever..Hi.
For LGBT it's better late than never. It's not about President or political party it's about the humanity of LGBT
De La Soul - Buddy!!!
you say Braun got off on a "technicality", you are as well. You know damn well what you insinuate and the narrative you push
Just got home from a great dinner at Red Lobster with one of my favorite girls in the whole world. ;)
Thank you!!!
Had a crazy afternoon
Only 1 day left until #LadiesNight! #Vegas Ladies Join us tomorrow at 8pm for $1 Drinks & $1 Cover! Free Dance Lessons from 8:15-9p
can't wait to do that gospel album
put up pix Babe! Want to see the windows!!!
oh shoot nah lol
we are glad you made it back safe. See you soon!
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 1000,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path ~ Hafik, Sufi
don't lift more than your muscles can handle. gradually increase resistance instead. control the weights-don't let them control you
Ready for a Relationship ; Js not with any of my options =/
Wish I could be too :( I'm following remotely. I'll be there next year though!
“: Highly recommended!” Thank you for stopping by and for spreading the word!
Any new research around rGBH and other growth hormones in dairy products?
#Gratitude: backyard chickens, friends, cheap Mexican food, pleasant low key weekend, Pandora, jazz, recognition and a good week to come.
You deserve some from there.
"Are you all finished with your pot roast? Are you ready for your sundae?" - Denny's waitress. To Nate. At 1pm.
#Fasttrack class 2 today with the #SBDC. Biz strategy and financials. Yes, my head is spinning.
Lots of sobbs and deep breaths around me now in courtroom
Thanks, just try to keep warm. It's quite cold today but that's Chicago right? :-)
just saw your PEETA license plate on the blog and I must say... INSANELY jealous!
I hadn't heard Pat. Thank you very much for the letting me know. Tragic :(
Thank you! You too ;)
Please welcome dominicanshula to the Max life
"Innovation is the next guy telling the last guy he didn't do it right" --Al Newkirk
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward-- Zig Ziglar
Hey, i just met you, this may be crazy, but here's my number. and ccall me maybe? ;D
Welcome to my world...most days are ok
thank you 4 following us, i got a great idea and need a lab involved..
You can reach my parents at their places of business. Thank you for stopping by. I appreciate your concern for my well-being ;-)
Like ur site. Much food for the soul
watch I am going too what are your favorite colors?
#Free Sod 4500 Alexander Boulevard NE while it lasts.
now all I need is a teleporter
I have been informed that political protest is super dangerous and we're all gonna die, you guys.
Worth the dollar?
How is there not a better way to test for meningitis than a spinal tap?
At Chad and Heather Smiths wedding. Beautiful day to get married, an even better night to drink.
New referral program! If you tell a friend that books me as their wedding photographer, you receive a free 11x14 wall portrait or 4 8x10s.
Zooming to LAX with and . Time to get on that red-eye flight to FL.
Hey wait! I'm known for my "Summer Hummer"!
Not yet. We'll check it out. Cheers! RT : Have You been to #MulligansOn27th yet?
Touché amore and la dispute go hand in hand.
“: My mama always said "pride comes before a fall."” many many times!
Everyone's stressing.
February 24th (Day 24) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Springs Water, I enjoy consistency, almost a luna/clif bar daily!
My blazers are going to work tonight.
Come Hungry: , Hair of the Dog Pub (), & provide your in-between beer nourishment.
Ik, I'll upload it from my camera tomorrow
you are amazing! I love you, follow me please
We'll be back on Jan 9th w/ !
Good thing you're retiring from tweeting cause your hashtags are #horrible. However the mirror part to was funny.
Love this Chicago Tonight piece on Lin Brehmer. His appreciation for music really is projected to the listener. One of the best.
Love listening to great ideas to help grow your business and make it the most effective
Today is holding a free recycling event. Bring oil, oil filters, car batteries, etc to 5571 Kearny Villa Road from 9am-1pm
This internet thing turned out to be pretty good for bringing people together. Glad the government didn't kill it.
RT : Strange not tweeting during MU's Mktg Symposium after tweeting all day at #prsms. Didn't see anyone tweeting.
congrats!!! super cool!
but somehow I can't put you in the past
True enough. White House, Time Magazine... but it matters when the neighbors know. And even more when they don't.
"I always wondered why SOMEBODY didn't do something about that. Then I realized I am SOMEBODY."
lol yeah it's not bad when it's from SD direct to Maui. otherwise you layover in Oahu and then jump islands.
TY for the #FF! Same to you as well! RT :
I'm so happy to be up over 100 facebook likes! Book release week has been fun and hectic. Hopefully The Six is selling well...
FIRED FREAKING UP!!! I'm gonna hit you in your scrotum, while catching a wave...
just saying really psycho stuff text grace bout it tomorrow she's sleepin right now
what happened? Get put in charge of getting the male strippers for a bachelorette party?
the only thing certain in life is death
I feel like I don't see you enough
hey Beth #cmgrUN I thought I recognized you lets make sure to say hi
#thanks for all your #follows, fellow #writers #publishers and #tweeters. Siren&Muse is learning the game so we can please clients & friends
It is so surreal that #Peyton Manning will not have on a #Colts jersey next season....wow.
awh right then!:) when last time you saw austin!:)<3
Woman that respect life as it is are real woman the others a girls
Mercy buckets and bean venue to Mount Real, y'all! I've learned my French days of the week, so no parking tickets for me this time
#shk12 was fantastic! Even w/ the coffee jitters I had on sale day. Thanks to for the great company!
As a librarian, your responsibility is to give them Twilight if that's what they want. (Filtered from years of listening to my mom)
Who has the DL on #NOWDC ? Why are some opposed? Whose money is behind this? is wondering.
I hope to one day see the Paul Rudd's and Wyatt Cenac's of the world win this award but congrats Bradley Cooper Sexiest Man Alive
fair enough, I have no experience in the area outside of chain of custody with IT data issues, even then nothing close to expert
Good Morning Gamers
I sing too, so if you can, would you go to my page and listen to some covers? If you would, I would be grateful :)
Aint Nobody Going To Sleep Today , IM GOING IN .
signed up at the site. Good idea
Everyone will and they'll be shocked. It will be a Land of Confusion.
I'd link you to the sub Reddit that is working on doing just that, but it's blacked out.
inside redoing the kitchen, going to be hard to work looking outside at sunny skies all day
I'm addicted to pita chips and if any of you even try to have an intervention I'll never speak to you again. It's MY life! LEAVE ME ALONE!
mane I need some pussy to eat....ladies spread those legs *licks lips*
"Real" Women Would Never Call Themselves "Dimes" Cause "Real" Niggas Dont Carry Loose Change -Breeze DTA-
Whatever you do to ring in the New Year, be safe. Wishing you health, success & happiness in 2011!!
wat does that mean?
I can't wait for your movie :)
I just prayed and hoped I wouldn't get the train,,,,and I did
Thanks so much for the RT, love! Appreciate the support =)
You and me both Mitt, you and me both. RT Romney, arriving in NH, on Bachmann "She was a great candidate. We'll miss her."
Snow white and the huntsman is PG-13! Suck on that! I CAN go! (;
um, really? I had no idea.
Heh... I was waiting for that! So far though, life here is the best!
Y is it 50 degrees outside. Last week it was 85!!!
Let the drawing begin!
Not ok:Tenant pays for eviction procedures, attorney's fees, server fees, court costs, any and all costs related to termination of tenancy
ooh I know man, great battle for TE between him and Lyerla... got a great class coming in
who decides what uniform to wear, is that the coaches? Larry Bird? The players?
Mammography rocks. Easy hours. Never spend more than 10-15 min with one patient. Big money. Me = 34 years mammographer.
Really, and if Braun is exonerated as the rumors say. I love everyone rushing to judgement on something that should not be public
i think you meant internet
That's just awesome
RT RT : Dear , we all saw game, I don't need to know everybody's opinion on Tebow
a rabbit?! lol that's what you think i look like?
just about. you need it mastered or do you have someone for that?
No problem! Have an awesome weekend :)
Nasty Nate...right between the legs.
It's official: Going to again this yr: 7 yrs straight, since the near-religious show in '06. Any other #PDX kids going?
Learning the basics of computer programming... yep
don't worry guys, you can customize your open graph to show what you want to share and it only takes an afternoon
Georgia and its bipolar weather
Strawberry picking this weekend, woot woot!
Lol! I had frozen yogurt... With an ass load of peanut butter! That canceled out the healthiness of it
Rex is the master limerick man.
Agreed! uses and we heart them!
please tell Tess thanks to her I am no longer an 'egg'. And thanks to you for the Red Hook.
I've spent 2 hours working on my car. I'm kinda obsessed with cleaning my car🚗
Enjoying a nice gar with and and
Bass & Wieland Give a Hitter's Clinic! Don't miss it! Tuesday on Fox Sports San Diego!
RT Former USC and Chargers football star Junior Seau found dead (story link to follow)
Pacers Coach Frank Vogel takes 3rd in NBA Coach of the Year voting. Spurs' Greg Popovich takes first and Bulls' Tom Thibodeau takes 2nd.
Alright 200 bucks today, finally a source of income
crazy day.
Thank you everyone for coming out to support the Aaron Koppel Quartet CD release and Matt Nelson Trio at the Jazz Showcase! What a show :)
im still , in my school uniform >>>>
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Faultline - Saloon (live updates)
TONIGHT -- and more at 5P. and at 8P. and at 10:15P.
#followfriday : 102 yrs old and Twittering. Do I have to say anymore? ^dy
Caleb McSurdy finally gets to area - ESPN (blog)
my co-editors and i have decided to hold off publishing the book. a little longer. till after the #PHXCC. for some detailed flow editing.
I however has lots of fun and played great. Can't be mad. Got it in best.
Thanks ...can't get it live at work...Hoping the Vikings stay.
too much too late! #obama doesn't really care abt the coal industry...let alone have a plan for
I WISH I WAS DATING ROC I WOULD BE SO HAPPY BUT IM STILL MAD I CAN'T RECORD ON MY TV
Billie Holiday... create a Pandora Station and life suddenly leaps, skips, and dances with fun and childish glee. I would highly suggest it.
Count up your successes regularly. -Anita Campbell
I will be in Chicago on April 20th. I'm so excited!
RT : If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? John Wooden
one of my friends asked me last semester whether I was ashamed to wear my class ring. I honestly didn't know how to answer
you guys know each other. Small world. Have a great show.
These days losing your phone is worse than losing your virginity .. smh
Wicca is just something suburban white kids do when their parents ground them.
Battlefield 2 Story Mood Is Good :D
": Damn those Belgians thinking they have any sort of bearing on me, don't they know we're above the law? Shame #keissepayment"
Tonight is the start of Hanukkah! This is such an important date in the Jewish calendar & the Christian faith! The time of & for miracles!
Can't wait for you to get to Hudson!!
#TruthIs i got the munchies!
My pleasure John, looking forward to meeting you at #CMworld in Columbus!
as soon as you have Google sync all your bookmarks, passwords and cookies between all your copies of Chrome, you'll be a goner.
To skip out on my part time day job and hit up or to not go to beach... that is the question. Obvious answer, I think yes!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I love !!! What a great comeback.
c0ngratulati0ns! it's great being p0pular & black isn't it? it d0es have it's advantages. 0h! wait....
They say I'm back. I agree with that.
I'm not gonna make it tonight, I will be in a fierce racquetball match. I will see you sometime this week tho!
hey there - I'm trying to watch GoT...where do u find it when u watch online?
You probably think hoping tht my mother gets by a car and dies is pretty terrible..in this case its not. It will do us ALL a favor! ☂
LYLAB!!! Singing at karaoke tonight. Might do a little "Judas"...what do you think?
told me to follow you, so I am. I usually do what the man tells me to do. Keep up the hard work!
Amazing day signing autographs in Westfield Century City Mall, Los Angeles CA. Thanks you everybody. :)
Ugh. Wednesday.
I'd like to be everything you wannttt❤
all the people in your section are black #shocker haha
Sigh I would love to be around and be involved in making good music as a full time job everyday. Well at least everyday!
Taping The Babbie Mason Show Wed! Singing my new Christian tune "Somebody Greater" from upcoming CD "Free To Love" Will share air date soon!
haha but I have 20 options for my major across the US so I'll be checking it all out ya know
Last class of the day
Two thumbs up to The Stylistics singing 'Betcha By Golly Wow' during PHIvsCHI halftime!
Day 84 of 100: I am thankful for waking up with the image of my Dream in my mind's eye
presentation today :/
RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick! Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight? Post a link on how to vote for... ...
girl me too...and I know I did good on pretty much every assignment so idk what the prob is
they said they need a specific version and it supposedly costs $27. Ridiculous!
I have to make a bio about myself in 140 char. or less,and I don't think they'll want "borderline alcoholic," mentioned.
Go #Brewers! Finish it off Randy! www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
It was a pleasure hosting the National FFA Organization again this year. What a great group of students & teachers!
Ken Cassman - #feed9b - rapid growth of China & India; climbing energy prices; stagnant yields - caught us with "pants down"
I look so bad today.
section 13 row A $40 plus processing fee
We make em light up like a church
Today Aiden would've been 4 years old. Not a day goes by that I don't miss him & think what my life would've been like.
what a skeezy mustache
and then what happened? :-)
At work
there I one in Wisconsin!
God is STILL passing out Blessings.... How do I know? Because , if your reading this it means you made it another day! Thank God for Life!
Looking at 52 tabs w/interesting links from tweeps - this is why I went cold-turkey off Twitter last time!
did Gmail do a redesign just to show how much better it is than Facebook?
RT : His lips are dripping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee. -Carrie Underwood
By law, at least one Super Bowl commercial must include Betty White. I'm good with it.
my brothers aquaman, just ask or i'm flash cause i wish i was fast... but i'm not
I'm still waiting for Bill and Ted to save the planet.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3
You made my day today. Thanks (:
Got Warrants? Need a Bond? I can Help. At Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". Agent Potter #KC #POLICE pls RT
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope to God I don't run into Keenan Madden 😰😱
Vinny you have a contagious laugh! I fluvv it! =)
2011 is ending send this to the 10 nicest zwaggers ZSwaggers you know. if you get 5 back you must be great.
I get this all the time -> RT : All women count on you, Josh. We find you godlike.
Don't let anything hold you back from accomplishing your dreams. Take it from me, it can be done.
LOL “: "Splish Splash" is probably the best song ever written about a guy taking a bath being ambushed by a dance party.”
RT : Masai: we tried every way not to include chauncey in the trade
| Let's talk micro-marketing! No photo required! :-)
Seriously Prince? I bet if that ball was a cheeseburger you'd catch it.
Lee Foster took a shaving cream pie to the face today for his birthday
Really, Internet? Not one nude pic of C.C.H. Pounder? Not one?
the lovely:)...thank you!
: I just attended a memorial service for Chuck Colson. It was a celebration of the life of a truly good man. May he rest in peace.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
The 2011 numbers are in: 158,684 #books given to #children in #LosAngeles thru our programs – with advice to
My wife tricked me into watching "A Walk to Remember" by starting it when she knew I was on my way home. These fools better bang it out.
Happy Tuesday!
Maybe the most interesting part of : German as secret language. What a simultaneously specific/non-specific folk-group identifier
Let me go pass out & come back to life. It's been over a month since my last class.
Charlie Daniels played the first intermission...now Tears for Fears! No wait, false alarm, that's a cover band.
Morning twitter dolls!! :-)
She be dancing 4 those dollars
Dick Clark was someone I would have loved to have coffee with. You'll be greatly missed, kind sir. :(
Frisbee from yesterday: acquired. Today's challenge: successful wearing of pencil skirt.
The most stressful week of this month is over
I will thanks :-)
damn London going IN! Check out fabric's line up for tomorrow night real quick. Might have to go again...
Craziest movie I've watched in a long time is Heavy Metal...thanks can't wait for Psychoville!
I like your term #Healthhustle. It should be a twitter trend! Healthy living is a 'must.' (:
Wishing everyone a wonderful Christmas!
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel,you're someone's reason to smile.
It went well man. Philly's got a dope hip-hop scene! RT : howd philly go
and Why are your stores denying use of already purchased GIFTCARDS? Lame Lame Lame. Stealing!
'Baby I hear melodies, when your heart beats' <3 My favorite song on the album! My mom bought her own copy... #MomBelieber (;
Yeah, I have a smile on my face, but it's not real.
LeBron just mad John Lucas hit like 3 threes on him back in Chicago..smh
Steven Blake!
'just tell us the price, son' ...
is there anything coming up at church for young adults??
NYE Irish celebration at 6pm then Walkers Point Pub crawl from 9p-6a with more live music at 10p. Comp champaign.
thanks, i'm checking out your site
i would just like to thank all my followers for following it means so much to me
Even better! Children have a way if opening up our creativity, no?
Hi, is there a way to reach you by email? Thx!
Whenever someone asks me over/under ANYTHING, I always say push.
Hey is there a game on 2 nite?
Either I took vitamins this morning, or the radiation from Fukushima is WAY worse than we've been told.
TRIVIA: Who built the world's first four-wheeled automobile?
Final four celebration is on Tuesday April 17 at 530 4th street live
Learned a new word today: "Slacktivists" = People who passively “like” causes on Facebook or post an icon on a social profile
LoL but can you say "Engage"!
where is our butt picture yo
Can't wait to see the VMAs tonight with the KDA Dancers!!
we've got something for you this weekend thats straight from Heaven! And you're never gonna guess what's gonna happen!!
UCSD alert system, why must you call me at the strangest hours with the creepiest male automated voice??
Listen. I'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home.
Quoting One Direction?
I'm feeling the pain.
What a gorgeous pic.
funny cuz what I remember that he one a world junior championship. And a ohl championship ahaha. He will get that cup soon!
. just told me I have shampoo commercial hair today; is my new favorite person.
read it and love it!
RT - The Miami Dolphins want more physicality from rookie RB Daniel Thomas.
good luck fellas
Today is my birthday can someone please follow me <3
Michael Bay did explosions in 21 Jump Street. Life made.
thanks. I have a lot of those. More into beer but I'll check out that wine app. Are you upgrading to 4S?
thanks Chris. Marsha, I'll email you more information on how social commerce is driving our business.
Stole My Biggest Piece Of Chicken..! Sucka!
#AGoodRelationship Is based on Trust
A man died yesterday at the Rangers game falling from the stands. Pray for his family and remember what's truly important in life!!
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Liam: True. You: Wha-..? Liam: She's talking to me right now.
Jab We Met or 42nd street!
I think i'm gonna post a video of a new original song this week.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem. ~ Milton Friedman
Had a revr on Amazon list page nos. for 4 alleged errors in my own book. Checked. 2 didn't exist, 1 was in the dedication.
What is this strange world you describe? Oh, futbol.
Going on this boat tonight wit my mom and others
hey, I wrote you back twice. Last one even asked if you got the one before. Strange. Emailing you again now.
Wild to imagine life without some of the songs that seem so elemental.
didn't have a 1st round grade on Brockers???
. has found her groove with #csls treasurer trng - she's got jokes, addressing questions, coming up with good examples. awesome!
If Garcia has a bad start, maybe its a sign that he and Colon realized how old they are
are you on tinychat with anyone
How did you accomplish this?
lol, I will do my best!
I been following you and get everyone of your tweets can you please follow me babe, it would mean alot to me xoxoxo
Are u single b/g?
A girl just walked up to my desk singing the Meow-Mix song. I started singing it with her.
dude i get home from skool nd practice turn om the tv nd bamm !! iconic boyz reruns :D ju made my day !!!!
oh, forgot about waffle fries!
Thanks for the love & right back at you!
#dhtrial. Thinking of wafting pizza fumes under the jury door . Their hunger speeds resolution.
looks like beautiful weather in Australia. What was the show?
You have stolen my heart.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with
I haven't heard any more. I would read Robert Feder and Chicagoradioandmedia.com They cover this.
Vegetarian Times recipe of the day: Tofu Shapes w/ Hummus. Tofu *shapes*? Really? Oh, that rhombus is making my mouth water.
“Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.” Tony Robbins
;) A Volvo 240 wagon is its smaller cool Swedish cousin
hope you're stuff gets better dude
well whats the number
we have more today!!! 3 and 5 PM! You gotta get there somehow! CHICKEN ON A STICK
Dude this show "Parental Control" is so fake!
Watching , I love , and Im rooting for my girl ! <3
Nice finish.
In our opinion, not at all....
OMG the end of that episode was SO good! We must watch the next one tomorrow!
follow me? <3
One of the most beautiful places I have visited as I have traveled for libraries around North America
Why can't monday be another sunday
In bed way too early on Christmas Eve, but family is already asleep. What to do, what to do? How about...watch some SIX FEET UNDER!
thanks, I'm glad for the comments by the way, they meant a lot to me! <3
I'll do whatever makes him happy.
nice!! Do u have the rest !!
What is your Commitment (what are you going to do) for 2012 to live a happier more Successful life?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhh. Sorry, but I'm lmfao.
tacky, maybe, but most definitely necessary.
Thank you for your mention. Blessings to you!
It's light brown and pretty big but it's flat and has grown quite a bit since it first popped up. & it has a big dark spot
what song were you and Brady singing yesterday on stckam? Wasn't it reliant k? I can't remember and its killing me!
I'm following you!
how was it, I'm wanting to make the trip myself. Worth it?
Went to see the Titanic exhibit today at Union Station.
Looking forward to connecting again at
same!! That looks sweet
haha I don't think so, I just saw it in settings yesterday and thought I'd try it out.
It may b my internet malfunctioning,but i think there may b somethin wrong w/ur facebook page.thot u should kno.just lookin out
once you have the ms on the screen it's great but haven't figured out system for transferring files back and forth efficiently.
I'm bummed that I can't make it to the show when you come to Houston because I have cheer practice ):
Bro, are you aware that you bare a striking resemblance to a young Kevin Clash, he's actually very famous, google him, to funny
"A penny saved is a penny earned." - Benjamin Franklin
vanilla or mint flavor? I think they have coffee too i think? I love It's It. :)
#welcomeToChicago you can no longer tell who's a man or woman...smh
When my right leg is darker than my left one<<<<
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in UK. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
The love of an #Aries man will warm you with passion one minute and the next minute,you may feel as if you are sitting in the North Pole.
Nothing seems frustrating like trying to do anything with DRS VM Groups/Host Groups in #PowerCLI. Talk about clunky. Yikes.
i am just talkin overall! lol
Sprained ankle..
those look great! How long does a rack take on the grill? I've only smoked them.
Big day today - lots of exciting news coming out soon...
It's all downhill from there, unfortunately. I'm hoping they'll reprise it over the end credits.
If you don't have boundaries in your habits today, you will be in bondage later on.
I couldnt help but start rolling when i seen what i put lol
Remember that one time we got called ugly by that Mexican midget at bartini's?
only thing better would have been a uofm loss....
Tonight's Special: Bowl of Beef Stew
Im comin home im cming home tell the world im comin home love that song:-)
Ready do some shopping on 3rd avenue... shopping in NY is dangerous to a womans pocket. Lol
For all you Nebraskan Directioners, has yet to put up the ticket info fo the Kansas City show. So prices/VIP are unconfirmed.
text me?
that's a hood spot bro! Off the chain
How do yall feel about a beach party?
i don;t know many. ask hayden, he knows lots
Can you please follow... on americas got talent i voted for you and onedirection happened and im in love with you guys
T4 Nurses have a lot of influence in Health IT because they enter the most data. They just don't get enough recognition
hang in there.....
you're the bestest/most beautiful Easter bunny ever
Hey, it's not like it took a great effort. It's one of the best films ever!
Sorry bud I was swamped all day here
I finally #passed my #Driverskillstest second chance effort
He's fun to watch, but they go a little overboard with his highlights
Show at Now That's Class got pushed back. Tv crimes at 9PM. Come hang out.
and, generally, if TT work together in gen / on diss committees in particular.
the co. we went w/ had A+ B rating, did decent job but not A+ worthy. Tough decision, not much info out there :(
I Walk Alone - Greenday :) I love this song!
#HowAboutWe get out of here and go to florida
I'm lookin' through you, where did you go?
Time to pass the fuck out
no thanks.
he should have tucked.
I know I miss her.
you should try
Looking forward to touring the College Presidents through the tunnels this afternoon.
social networking ruins my grades.
Thanks for meeting with me today! We are VERY excited on what is to come!! :)
For those not traveling to Columbus, where are the big #Aztec watching parties tomorrow?
RT : These jobs numbers validate my pre-written press release.
Who has the scented candles at #ala2009?
for sure :)
I also hope none of my 5th graders are reading the story.
forgot my deposit slip today, no big, the company is always good here.
SUPER BOWL CHAMPS BABY! CELEBRATING WITH MY BOYS AT LAMBEAU THIS AFTERNOON!
thanks, glad we could be a part! Please thank all your drivers for us as well!!
These females is RATCHET, that's why I keep a Magnum for my Heart !
Apple stock shares rose more than $3 within minutes of Jobs' appearing on stage yesterday.
: Our #YUM was recently insulted by one of your employees for using coupons. Should all #couponers not shop there?
Time for a nap! Hopefully I'll have new #followers when I come back!
For the 3rd year in a row we're headed to UCSD this afternoon to volunteer our services at the Delta Idol fundraiser- pretty hair on the go!
Physically and mentally drained
I miss Christina 😔
and don't get in trouble for doing so. The school is sending mixed signals, it needs to just have zero tolerance on tht stuff
Professional development can only help the HR Professional!
Kudos to Orlando Magic. Now its time to Break their (Lakers) Legs!
can't wait to see you May 24th in Wichita! Tonight is the night is in "A" rotation right now!
The BIGGEST n HOTTEST Halloween party is Saturday!! B97 and Club Metro let's get nutz!!!
Just walked past a line of people waiting for nickelback and realized they all had terrible taste in music and I am sure most things in life
Morning. Off to school. :(
the show was really good. Funny as hell.
happy new years everyone!!!!!
Amicus morning quote: When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time." ~Author Unknown
is that a picture of everest at animal kingdom?
It's like voting for zits over warts
hola come to NY house
": $10 shoes for #BlackFriday...>> get your heels before they were gone? Haha
So, have you heard of Lulz Knights? They claim to be behind the LCSO hacking.
Being attracted to someone who you can't hold a conversation with.
what up buddy!
The #DallasMavericks appear to be choking right now.
Whoever looks for the truth deserves the punishment for finding it.
Enjoying dinner with #mybeautifulbride at the #Edgewater Hotel in #Madison with a beautiful view of Lake Mendota.
I'm an outcast from my family... Oh well.
when does the tweet ban go into effect?
friends. *fingers crossed for you* Aw thanks :)
yikes! Look down and pull it out gently
To repeat: Adam Jones is sick of drunk fans running on the field, the stadium should have dogs ready and the fans should be tased.
morning errbody!! if u haven't already done so, u need 2 go to itunes & download Litchfield's album called "New Beginnings!!" DO IT!! =D
Welp one bucket to save the season. 8-0 run and down by one. Turnovers and bad shots may lead to being in a 0-2 hole. Yikes
A3:I agree! RT Honestly, I'd like to see the ebook trend not overshadow print, and just plateau
Ur 20 and still live with your mom ! Shut ! It's damn cat food!
hey man, thanks for the follow. What is the site for the east?
Life is a one way ticket.... You choose the destination..... Happy Friday!
free top golf Saturday at 8pm.
you welcome boo we needa hang asap
#PUNKD Was awesome. Sorry , nobody can prank
what do you mean what happened
get it girl :$
And lastly, I was born in Altoona PA. So I am a Curve fan, and being a Curve fan and not a Pirates fan is just akward.
50% OFF is over. Time slots filled. Thanks everyone. Have a good weekend.
Gahh, I should stop tweeting. Idk why reading Chris' old blogs got me hyper or something.
Safety Tip: Use only first initials and last names on mailboxes and in phone books.
love you moar! ;D
hah i suppose
Going to st paul with meeting up with travy lee and his wifey at great waters!
I'm taking bumming to a whole new level
Friday Faculty Fest TODAY! Ted Scholz on "Seeds for Innovation". 12:00-2:00 in LIB 301. (Lunch provided.)
Let me start at the end, the part I haven't figured out yet. Yes, I am, I'm moving slow...
Why does almost every pastor I know LOVE cars? God wants us to have nice things but I'd rather have a nice house and a raggedy car myself...
"is the plural of Tria, 'Tria'?"
i could say the same to you...i'm slowly returning, but not requiring the kids to tweet anymore...diigo.com instead
My teeth are chattering! Temps in central VA only 97...down from 108 in NC earlier.
Ok workin right now is borin!! Ugh
Good Morning gorgeous!
me and just wrote the best effin reggae song ever haters :)
I can try and find out for you !
Key Note Speakers Include: Patricia Julianelle, National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth
words too real to post up on Facebook.
the only thing I could think of, is the vikes lied and said there was another team interested in trading up.
Lol I'm running and I don't think I can stop. May I should take a break???
It's because I'm the worst gay ever. RT Jeff! You broke my lil gay heart.
What is this "or what have you" expression? Reminds me of "I tell you what."
uhh, the combo of button-ups and denim shorts is a good thing.
United Online Launches 4G Mobile Broadband Service
#hotpeopleifollow shot, & . duh. <;
I'm gonna start making a bucket list right now. 📝
Dam I'm fuck up just got home
That is such a cute picture! :)
miss you boo!!! <3
#isaythatalot... I <3 MIAMI. How about you?
: Babies can remember music they hear while in the womb for up to a year."
I love the magic that happens after a hurricane like Irene. All the neighbors come out to help clean up. Warms the heart!
HP ump Ed Hickox either favors outside K or he's terrible, those outside Ks on lefties are in exact same spot as inside balls to righties
Today officially marks my crossover to the baseball family. Go Brewers!
Oh and BTW i have a Masters in Music Theory. Im also a well accomplished singer. Id like to think I know a little on music.
I'm not sure that "Weird Things Happen on the Bus" is a publishable research finding, but I'm willing to find out :)
TONIGHT - The Heaven & Hell Halloween Party with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George and with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQs Best Place To Dance - Lotus
nice try.
kef recommends! RT " working on music for saturday show w/ at "
Woke up all night
so um.. bye 'til my undergraduate career is finished.
Yup yup its love girl! Enjoy your day!
I'm just glad that a) there was a student with me who convinced it to go back outside and b) she only laughed at me a little bit.
Thank you for awarding DETROPIA the Grand Jury Prize for documentary! We are thrilled! Biggupps also to !
when does ray mysterio come back to the wwe
please RT if u are online:) and ohh follow me plzz:)
THE DEMONS ARE BACK!
judging by your 'reply' I'd say ur accidentally doing that sleeping thing again : )
Honored to have been chosen to edit 's new small-format coffee-table book with 50 powerful leadership ideas. Check it out!
I would've been happy if just 1 came back! Can not lie!
Its Killin Me Swear I Nevaa Cried So Much..
Had such a wonderful birthday!! Thanks to everyone who made it so special!
- thanks for retweeting us, y'all!
Gifted snuggies combat snowstorm chill quite effectively. Thx and vendors. :)
RT : Golf truly is over 90% mental! Find your focus on the range and carry it to the course. Focus on what u do not on...
No you didnt have to cut me of. And now ur just somebody that I used to know. Or whatever the lyrics are lol
Anthony Davis had the 3rd most rebounds in a single NCAA Tournament since '73. Only Nick Collison in 2003 and Larry Johnson in 1990 had more
shit, we young & bored and we do what the fuck we want. we livin' that YOLO life
Welcoming Maria Wolfe, Sr. VP from From one great music capital to another! Hope you enjoy the ATX.
It's so humid. Definitely one thing I don't like about the hot months. xp
now if they can only find an affordable place to live
x Miami Takes Game 2.!
2 days and counting
Tonight: Tilapia Tostadas with Pineapple-Avocado Salsa and White Beans
RT - #Cleveland is stocked with prospects. In #ST Hoyer remarked on how deep the Indians were. I could see a deal with th...
Absopostively, my friend. But I tend to favor stuff that... special. The weirder, the better.
Mehhh got home from work and the house was empty :(
The essential thing is not knowledge, but character
Chef Dallas' kitchen tip of the day: sharpen your Japanese knives 60 degrees towards you and 40 degrees away.
that's why I hate time travel.
Neither is dad.
Understandable w/ getting Kal @ 12am in Charlotte #good-friend, Sensing beautiful places, but not smiling faces in SC this morning
The United States government is attempting to crack-down on illegal immigration
Good morning mi gente what's in the agenda today
Selecting readings on born-digital archives for our next tech services meeting discussion. What are your favorites?
RT : I'm moderating the next session w/ & speaking about social media power & pitfalls.
Show time and she's coming out lights camra action show us what your about cause its show time let it all outletsshowtheworldurmyboyimurgirl
what happens if you've had a recurring subscription for awhile now?
hey what's going on just left u a message
No problem. =)
By guys going to the prade
Idea: bottomless nachos
aw you guys are seeing them?!? Jealous I won't be there with you girls!
excited about my Internship :)
nah I havent
it all goes back to being strategic.
In the shower? Utterly heartbreaking.
Its crazy how you cn go from liking a guy so much to want to beat his ass and not wanting to hear his name
Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's "Our Town" opened on Broadway at Henry Miller's Theatre (now Stephen Sondheim Theatre) in 1938.
They have never handled cheap shots well. Thats everybody's biggest complaint with the league inc. us in Buffalo. Its a joke
sweet. In the meantime have fun in FL love
Nah, thought you needed songs or tracks for submission.
I think it's sad I have not one pair of sweats
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Well, I liked most of what he said. But now I need it to become action.
We were at #vcrushny, great event and panel. Thank You!
RT No joke: Someone named Omar Little Jr. was arrested in Baltimore last night on a handgun charge
I figured out my reddit password :D
#Writers (Holy) #Grail | Paid to write vs. on spec. TV prod. will set in either L.A. or N.Y. | Learn what the Networks are buying:
I agree! God's way is the best way! ;) You're welcome by the way.
Using some old school industrial techniques for a Cold Metal Future remix...
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you are having with Socrata / NYC Open Data site /cc
I don't like your face c:
I want to give a Shout Out Too Happy Birthday Sis ILove You!!! :)
Atleast they put baggy jeans on that Tupac hologram cuz I know 4 damn sure he wouldn't wearin' no skinny jeans!!lol
burpees are very hard... They are my exercise nemesis along with pylometrics! :-)
what are we gonna do tonight i'm fckin bored :/
You're welcome. Such a great story!
: What are some of your favorite Portland tweeps out there and why? // - the BEST whiskey sours eva!
Wright State's Julius Mays has committed to UK according to reports.
try eating a biscuit with Honey on it washed down with some OJ if that doesn't work drink some water and prop up with pillows
My guy grab a glass big enough for your thirst and put the juice back... Bout to kill my cart of Simply Orange
Let me ryangosling those grocery bags for you ma'am.
Thanks BMW - you're the best!
You did a great job yesterday. Sorry we didn't get a chance to connect!
Go on Twitter and follow people who are very different than you! Advice from at #faultlines session at
thank you for the follow! Much appreciated.
AH JERSEY SHORE TOMORROW
might just have.
Well, she is now on a show on a competing network. RT : I haven't noticed any gratuitous shots of Ashley Judd.
Listening to Dave Isay talk about StoryCorps!
lol yeah you right
I really wish I'd bee in Philly this weekend. Next time!
Don't forget! ASO is having a second model call on friday , march 2nd!
49 unanswered points...is that some kind of record?
Day 2 of eating healthy: I'm looking forward to more protein shakes today. Really. 'Cause it's the only chocolate in my day now.
WHY WOULD YOU STILL FROM SOMEONE WHOS TAKING CARE OF YOU.
Oh Christ as if I didn't hate TMZ to begin with....UGH! Did they seriously just make fun of Stephen Hawking, OMG they are so stupid! HATEEM!
OK, will do. Thanks!
Scramble with friends? Play me: blueaesthetics
love you too :*
I like that
yea the 77 bucks just let me know when you need it by so I can plan !
Either Google still hasn't worked the kinks out of registration, or academic tickets sold out in less than a minute.
hanging with and playing some xbox 360, call of duty bitches!
#RememberRapWhen the #Brat came out and that whole #SOSODEF movement.
Today's affirmation: I give myself permission to live up to my fullest potential.
Thanks Steve!
#3: What bit depth do you need? The higher the bit depth the better the scanner. A maximum bit depth of 42 will serve most office needs.
yes. tomorrow will likely wake up with lipstick and mascara.
sounds like a brag, song is the hottest of fire
Test tweet - Hi fellow museum lovers!
And it can be told: ere the summer ends, and I will have a hobbit hole in Wrigleyville where there will be much writing/oddness
there yah go. Now we are talking.
“: Going to be a nice morning for a run- get out there- Run for Life! #nyrr”
I can't stop thinking about #Sophialoren this morning.
"Arianna Interviews The Dalai Lama" #huffpost He asks: how do I start a LamaPost blog?
Thanks for adding your agency to our database of community resources for San Diego County--Glad to be a partner!
Careful on 101 Redwood City crash SB101 past Woodside blocking R lane, b/up to Ralston. Menlo Park NB101 before Marsh crash blocking R lane
This music for me is ultimately about a message. I think about my songs and its relevance a decade from now,it has to be. if not,why bother?
Come celebrate 7 yr anniversary tonight with a live performance from Wyclef Jean!
Seahawks will be back
that last one is interesting.
Too much gamers in the music industry. Everyone saying God this and God that and don't mean it. I can tell by the music they making.
I'll say it again... Bob Knight is the biggest idiot around... Gets asked about the top 5 teams in America and doesn't even mention KY! WOW
Happy Friday! What are you most looking forward to this weekend?
thanks for the #FF :-)
I think their done? :(
“: How many times do we forgive someone just bc we don't want to lose them, even tho they don't deserve our forgiveness?”THIS
Smoke all day everyday fuck wit me
Good luck to my brother today :-)
Hey come by our page and check out our Mixtape widget! Voting starts in 4 days!!!
Clean out your closets and help a good cause! Bring your gently worn, unwanted clothing to the game this Friday to donate to Goodwill!
. will not show his hand one way or another on mixed martial arts. Unclear if assembly will even pass
Why are you there?
Keep an eye on them, they could have sleep apnea!
Working in the office today on my Twitter account. Is everybody happy?
updating expressiaann.com and characters
Perfect sports weekend!! Way to go Packers n Brewers!!!
#edshow ERIC HOLDER trying to sue JOE ARPAIO. Well.....He might just be a RESIDENT in Sheriff JOE's TENT, soon.
RT : With one-sixth of the season gone, the #Twins are on pace to finish 42-120.
Some girls look constipated in their pictures
Please ignore He is obviously manic. I mean, all that *and* a shower?
thanks boo! I had to put messages on my packages lol
No 2 matter-energy events ever occupy the same spacetime/motion coordinates. The zillions of LHC proton collisions all represent exceptions.
yeah lol. & I was talking to "M" but then I fell asleep and she got off & she not on & I couldn't say what i wanted :(
to quote ~ we're gonna carpe a lot of diem!
Worry is like a rocking chair - it gives you something to do but won't get you anywhere. -Unknown Author
I'm in Miami triikk. Actually I'm in Weston, but, you know, close enough.
Heading there after work, can't wait.
Nice win for the White Sox. I am so glad Ozzie is wearing a different uniform. I liked him as a player, but he had to go as skipper.
Another win for on a perfect shooting night (4-4) for -- just two games out of that eighth playoff spot...
gonna get a tongue ring.. soon.
Prince who???
Finally getting to watch the finale of #americanidol and jeeze I am such a sap! Tears.
Celebrate KKIM Radio's 40 Years Of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ, Friday, April 13, 6pm @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque -
youre* awesome paycheck.
Oh and we'll also be doing a set at 6pm at the Bird Frat show also on Sunday 1/8 also at . What more could you want?
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
Motherfuckers can be very ignaurant know adays. The earth is full of negativity.
iTunes match, yes, but iCloud is free
i would be interested, as well. No ideas at the moment, though.
RT : People only want you to succeed a lil bit ... Not to exceed their expectations ...it angers them in unexplainable ways
Good morning and a #FF hello to our new followers. Thanks for following!
Singing one line of a song all day cus its the only part you remember.
ha ha maybe lol
My anti-bullying song is coming along wonderfully :D cant wait to post it for y'all!!
I got a full set instead! #thankful 
Wishful thinking is wat I'm doing
RT World Environment Day is in 2 days! UNEP will plant one tree for every twitterer who follows by 5 June. Pls RT
"If you use LOTS OF OMG EXCLAMATION MARKS!!! or no capitals at all, that raises your score."
becoming expert in anything carries risk of pigeonholing. But IMO game expertise is essential to being a media artist, so...
Hey Michelle, do you know if they sell piglet ears in your store? I need some for my costume.
knowing the difference between these terms seems especially relevant with our work this semester.
Finally got my #pinterest invite!!!!!
yes #keepblockheadsinformedor everybody freaks out! Lol
I love my Cuzo. She's going to enjoy her bday this yr! Can't wait!
It's surprising but terrific that the Fiona Apple channel on #Pandora leads to Etta James singing "At Last".
food, NBA, Xbox, and girls. all I need.
Going #vegetarian tomorrow for at least a week ...So i'm eating a shit ton of meat for dinner. Lets see how this goes HAHA :)
will do, we'll be launching a website soon, and will have info about how people can be involved too...
Believe I would sit Davis down. Kids had a rough day...
Jeff Alan! What's good?
We were 7th row behind butler bench. I was rooting for both! Good game... Can't believe it was my first IU basketball game!
Question of the Day: If you saw an adult kissing a child on the lips, what would be your first thought?
Can't find a bottle opener. Neighbor has one built into his Jeep. BRB...
Also, I didn't stay very long. The food was mostly demolished already when I got there, still fairly early....
Balloon fight, water gun war... Anyone?
you're in for a treat, it was outstanding!
ITS BEEN TO LONG. Plus I'm in salem on the 20th :3
Lmao...this is why i dont get on fb anymore
are you saying that race might be over?
for my film friends: check out I think they might just be on to something
but of course!!
17 students, including four football players we arrested in a drug bust at Texas Christian University this morning.
Omg the sierra ward just retweeted me lol :)
Thanks! We need to have coffee soon.
Up early and shit while most of you fuckers are still sleeping.. I hate you all!
is waiting for an Excel document that just won't open
