lol your welcome, enjoy!
a boyfriend... O.o
i can already tell that my summer is going to be dominated by and Not a bad way to spend the warmer months.
thanks for the follow! keep up the good work! :)
thanks for following us Brittany
I feel bad for mississippi .... What happend to mrissippi ? Hahahah .
I am at catholic HS now. Judge says 12 people so far. Let's hope people get here soon!
As a #Muslim #Entrepreneur, what ways are you marketing to the #Muslim demographic?
I wish #Tebow good luck. I also feel for the #Jets fans who haven't yet realized is going to portray them as crazy idiots.
ok thanks. Any other ideas?
RT going to start my strict exercise and diet regime today!
im watching the same movie....
#pinterest ladies night out w fashion show, food, jewelry and design, and craft demos. Live pinning by plus music
I believe it.
My wife is en route to KC for Radiohead/Other Lives show with another man I approve. Have fun kids!
Music touches us on every level, congrates to Ludavig Bource for Best Original Score!!!
was happening??? My gr8 g-parents r from ireland o i cant wait to go there and see it all!!!!
Thanks for following! I'm sure I'll provide you with plenty of run-on sentences! ;)
Just bought my first #Kindle book on with one click!
you should spend a little $ and get your own website. (not blogspot). But I'll watch this tomorrow. I'm exhausted. X
It's not really him. “: Usually don't see $1k/retweet RT donating $1000 to Exxon Mobil Foundation for each RT”
Girls rugby: Canby trails Beaverton 10-0 at half in rematch of last yr's state title game. Plus a Canby player was mooned in a scrum. Oops.
People make mistakes and a lot of the time you won't ever hear an apology. Forgive them anyways. Don't hold onto unnecessary weights.
Best Studio Recording Engineer in NC. Don't sound like a newbie, Get quality music every time. RT for free studio time - New Clients only.
You make errors, that's what happens ! Bo!
You guys, I remembered two things. In a row! Yay, me.
“ You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke.”
i am feeling pressured to entertain my 8 followers.
Watching Fitzcarraldo and pack-a-lacking
I dont want a relation where people say they look so cute together. I need a relation where people say, Look how happy they are together.
What a beautiful morning!:)
"Spinning truths and out of control into self-destruction."
Guy in front of me is playing an imaginary set of drums..he's really getting into it...lol
Confirmed! See you tonight!
thank you and likewise
I <3 you Nanette! :) RT : Stopped by #blogathonatx for a second just to say hi and see ma peeps!
Visit us in Old Town today for a delicious lunch. Complimentary Tater Tots on the house!
Def about to hang out with Jenks from world of jenks. Talk about a list. Meep.
#SustUnbound Lane posits Marxism as converse of negligibility (Sarte's "problem of dirty hands")
there are parties interested in using it in a Oxford-produced documentary series on archaeological methodology!
I have official angered myself over my own misuse of grammar and proper spelling, Argh!
yeah, I heard you guys had a good service. Wish we could've been there
Just when you think your life's a mess...just google Axl Rose, man that dude is bitter. Guess he never found Paradise City.
Ima landlord,he a tenant.
Give us a follow so we can DM you details about your winnings. Thanks!
Got owned by my AME midterm...grrr.
I want to drink wine "I want to bathe in." :)
haha yeah, it was a good day :)
Oh terry you silly boy
GIVE YOUR MOTHER A KISS AND TELL HER THAT YOU LOVE HER
Aberdeen's hiring
“: Hot dogs gross me out.”RT say what?
I feel like I had to tag my last tweet as not sarcastic so I don't get berated by a random barista like at Spyhouse.
My wife and I were able to chat w/ for a bit this morning & I can honestly say he's one of the nicest people I've ever met!
Philadelphia rated #1 in culture, but only behind Detroit and Cleveland in true unemployment.
“: Ask them if they know Craigers from Phi Chi.” -- or Theta Cotti
My pleasure.Your photos remind me of days spent hiking and exploring Mt.Desert Island. Sweet memories.
I choose to be #neutral. I am Switzerland.
When I wake up from a good dream & can’t go back to sleep, I continue it in my head.
Celebrate Labor Day with new Sound Design Themes! Up now on #productionvault!
Thank you!! RT : #FF More great partners:
No matter how hard I try my heart can't tell you no
tell us how you really feel
The Market starts in ONE WEEK!!! Get booked and ready! To get discounts and tickets/ exhibitor info visit, theHomeandGardenMarket.com
Good luck in your new digs! You might see our #ROC startup out that way later this year so keep your eyes peeled!
All the best to as he heads to Golden State. Bloke was one of nicest guys to deal with. Hope he gets and stays healthy.
yeah and i look really freakin cute! lmao
Awesome to see a see a CEO presenting the value genotyping and sequencing to improve treatment of patient in St. Jude's
wondering if I can assign Arthur Mervyn in an lower-division gen. ed. course. Pessimistic.
BOGO half off on edibles ALL day at Farm Associated!!!
I feel ya homie!! Is it a hell of a day to do all 3!
Paul Harvey..."Good Day"...and Goodbye.
how is the miz the guy who's gassed? Still
Love you Mama(: <3
thanks for sharing and visiting our website! :)
well, yeah. But maybe he's Eric Clapton instead, and can go from Derek & the Dominoes to Cream? Or something, this hurts.
Acoustic show is weeks away!!! Come out and support the awkward Play his shitty love songs
Beez in the trap goes so ham
Sendin' you condolences and strength sir.
oh it was just a noise complaint at a friends. Gotta love Beyonce blaring at 3am.
Car sex or outdoors sex?
New buildings should just build in iPod chargers into the outlets. They would always be used.
Private relationship lasts LONGER
Lady Antebellum is a dude?
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
in in GA lol won't be in Portland till September!
I can't because my Gevey didn't come in yet. Because I got the iPhone 4S.
Thanks for the follow Kelsey :D xoxo
You gotta act like a woman, & think like a man
germ factory..bout to go. hmm can i tweet drive...naw not gone try it...#imasafedriver :)
I hate when I have to download the new version of iTunes on my computer.
we want to create another blog for a district initiative. Which themes give you the most flexibility?
Fig and olive...how bout suck and olive - kardashians get a better table than we do
everytime i see girls from jersey like & i loose self confidence! why do girls from jersey have 2 b so damn pretty
Thanks Ruth. You Always make me chuckle and think! Have a great Saturday!
Heyy alyson , have a great weekend :)
Next Dan Marino. He got a future, unlike Miss Cleo.
I'm tempted to post a picture of my scary looking blisters but I think I'd lose all my followers. And then get some strange new ones.
Great practice this morning with all the guys. Got two more practices with seperate groups at 7 and 9. Time to get after it.
RT : Culture is bigger than politics. Politics are a part of culture. -Jim Leach
Skies will clear tonight and temperatures will be chilly. But for those with a long weekend, Presidents' Day looks nice!
Curent American flag in City Council chambers is tattered. Appreciate Congressman Hansen Clarke and his office for providing new flag.
i hope... In his remaining contract idk maybe if the yanks resign him after this contract
Goodbye, Zelda. You had the mojo, baby. RIP.
imagine justin tweeted me. i think i would've been dead already.
Quinn's not really lying! It's not like she's gonna dance a jig!
The Scarlet Letter is a horrible book.
thanks for the follow (:
:o they just came out with girl's axe.
Make that 2 #turnovers (:
was today your first day at lely?
Search, social, and good ol' #wordofmouth! We have a great #franchise web/mktg platform! DM me for more!
We'll have to all go dancing something ha or just make up some moves n mess around at home ha
Haha I hear ya. Just stay on them. A little tip call backs affects bonuses, so let them know you will call back asap if not fixed
tons of rain
Why I thought I should go grocery shopping at midnight.. Smh smh!! But yaayy for groceries lol
Day of rest and relaxation, take a hour to check your credit score and review your finances.
Good Luck Floyd Mayweather
Good Morning cat didn't let me sleep in on my day off
follow back? I was listing you and accidentally blocked you lol :P
Also if anywhere possible, you vs. or you vs.
Mom learning how to use Draw Something for the first time...
will be at g-man at 5. my friend bustamante also coming.
lol I know what you mean I'm on 18% (:
I'll cross my fingers too!
don't you mean summer bc we've skipped spring with these temps! Lol
TimeManagementNinja (TMNinja) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
super shuttle probably, tho I've heard rumors of a disney/lax shuttle...
Aint you always Smh Hurry yo ass up and get home LBS
I think many more museums will have CIOs and technology directors.
let's hope I find parking:-/
Calling all DC reviewers! Want your content featured on more than just Yelp? and let us know... Ur work could be on our site!
It's stupid how excited I am about a subscription to the OED.
man, this classical singer article sure does make me sound like I know what I'm talking about.
I Wanna Get An iPhone 4s Just So I Can Tell Siri "FUCK YOU! YOU BITCH!" And See What Happens :)
Out of town last weekend. Happily at home this weekend. Am in happy place making BalanceLady Designs before tax season begins. Time to self!
Wow 'Skins fans - unless RGB3 pulls a Cam Newton, get ready, because your team is going to suck for a while.
Thank you! Yay, Rhode Island and Vermont librarians! Curious if O.J. will be nominated in a state I've never lived in...
Thank you for having us on the show yesterday! We had so much fun! :)
Nothing will work unless you do
play fütböl like its' hockey ...
Austin or bust!
Is #BillMaher self-immolating? Insult against Southern voters even turned off Roseanne Barr!
that works :-) . What time ?
it's not getting any cleaner from my feet.
RT : I wish Bristol could find me a real family instead of these 2 awful dads I'm with. Maybe parents like her & Levi if I'm lucky!
Hey, it looks like we're having an issue in Ames too. 89.5% packet loss communicating with router 173.30.16.1 57 packets.
Just woken up feel like death:(
Awesome collection!!
Wow, #Avengers was pretty cool. Joss Whedon totally rocks! So proud of him. Loved his work for over a decade. Feels like he is my friend.
Ah you just made my heart jump!!!!!! I love when someone you crushed on last year back in September just admitted they like you
really fuckin irritated but fuck it!...
Hi! Delayed reaction. How's paleo going beyond the first week?
Being John Malcovich is messed up.
I can do this I can do this I can do this
I wonder how many of my followers actually read my tweets... Hm.
Favorite part of the #mnleg : Legislators think millions of Minnesotans are watching floor sessions in the middle of the day.
Do You Think Your Better Off Alone..?
It is interesting to read that no one is talking about the hold on the #facebookipo after a interesting first two hours.
low blow kyle.
I have been reading the second hunger games book like all day haha I can't stop
Chardon shooting suspect, TJ Lane, found competent to stand trial. I'm live with the story on at 5 & 6.
RT : St pattys day and me goin in at THIS SATURDAY! FREE SHOW! LET'S DRINK GREEN BEER!
Excited for #PLENRWL call now with Marie Wilson, Founder of a truly inspirational woman who has opened doors for us all
Bravo bravo bravo bravo
Sure did! I've been trying to post a video from it all day.
Ask me questions guys go ahead ask me questions I am so bored!!!!!! So tweet me ask me questions ect. Go!!!
Who wants to txt me? Im bored
On the way to The Cleve to celebrate Shep's birthday at GLBC then on to The Jake for the Sox and Tribe game.
Furcal has played very well as of late and it hurts more that yuni is currently "struggling" to nicely put it.
happy birthday to my idol <3
Want to know & Show Some Love?Special thanks 2our Board of Doers, #Fusion2012 Volunteers who are making this event possible!
I'm hiding in the bathroom.
Confessions of a carbaholic: if carbs are so bad for you why did God make 'em taste so darn good! :(
We're born in debt, especially those of us with Catholic or Jewish mothers.
CUASLIS: ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS. FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add #cuaslis for an easy retweet.
Shut up everyone leave me alone I'm watching "My Future Ex Boyfriend" on Neflix Instant. Y'all no what I'm talking about. You don't? Ok fair
7353 State Employees in Dane Co. pledged $2,463,523 to 500 charities in the 2011 Partners in Giving campaign! Great Job!
I need something real......done with games.
Or Lee Elia's advice 22 years later: "They oughta get a f-n job and see what it's like to earn a f-n living."
regains the lead thanks to a Sawyer goal. 6-5 with four to play in the first half.
Daily GTKY question: Do you celebrate Valentine’s Day? What are you doing today?
Don't sweat it Derek! #BBN!
Thank you... the photographer really knows how to capture a great pic =]
Unless that song is a spiritual. Then you'll still feel like you're working on a plantation. RT : Sing a song and your day will fly!
Thanks for the shout-out! fans should stop by Dunkin Donuts and grab a cup o' joe on their way to the show!
Watching during the day is pretty fun.
no way! Its probly crazy busy up in there.
Oh St Louis, you entertain me, , and
Thank you!
Absolutely. And I hear you about stuff coming up you didn't know you needed to know. We switched last year.
maybe I could smooth call it pre-Vegas. I think there's a 10/20 down there at palomar maybe I could come down around that game
I'm gonna have try that. I love tea.
Make no mistake about why these babies are here - they are here to replace us. ~ Jerry Seinfeld.
You can add the pictures later :) One has a #Pirate in the background ;) hehe It was fun doing this :)
Working on a blog post about IPOs since NewEgg is going public. Any companies that you wish you'd invested in during the IPO?
omg I know!! Maybe sometime this summer when things slow down for you we will go to the park!
thanks for the tickets for ridays game.
ah cool! where are youu?
lol Nay Nay calm down!!!!!!
I absolutely love me & phone calls every night <3
For God is sheer beauty, all-generous in love, loyal always and ever...
tell your mom happy Mothers day for me! :) she's an incredible woman and she gave birth to you and you're amazing
Get your lunch with a guarantee. Order one of our $8.95 lunch specials and we'll have it ready in 10 minutes or less!
This ncc bop list has more highlands than ncc on it...
did you get a new number?
West Coast Thursday is here at Dance Bethesda tonight! See you at 8pm.
Come on #nuggets I want tacos!!
Its early goin back to sleep
Class, rehearsal, then a shoot tomorrow. What a good day!
very good
- uniondale - THANK YOU! we had out best day yet!
Here we go !
The satisfaction of wearing no socks. In Jan. In WI. #heatwave RT : The satisfaction of wearing new socks.
107 people showed up for office opening in Jefferson last night!
Women have to be clear about how important birth control is in there lives-and men too-so right
I agree! One of my favorite things to look at each month!
Taxes would be too easy if I had the energy to finish them. Just a conglomerate of stuff. That's a fun word to say too.
It's Friday and what a better way to enjoy this day by coming and enjoying free Carne Adovada Sandwhich. Just say CA10 when ordering.
First time ever Oklahoma has been considered the Southeast.
You shall go to bed, andI will remain with you a few days, until you get over this
just walked past you in PDX but didn't want to bother you!
AHAHHAHAHA thanks for noticing! They're my FAVE band ahhah
Adele is awesome, and sans auto tune, as far as I can tell.
Where da freaks at
Ethics charges are filed against Supreme Court Justice David Prosser by the Judicial Commission for the incident last June.
Why are people such dumbasses? Learn to use a fucking dictionary instead of bashing me for being slightly more literate than you.
We're in the second half here, fans. Bombers still up 84-54 over B team. Yinz!
Thanks for the RT. I've got a Cassie Lane in my WIP. Great name, nice and short.
Fml I need like a private place to vent I hate being in a funk like this especially on today of all days
I wish I could be strong without the scheiße.
why can't I ever retweet you ?!
Girls need to start wearing age tags! Cause Nowadays girls ages are like asian people, hard to tell apart! -____-
it's been pretty great! I'm glad to be around my friends again!
Hum London gold foams
got ya.. hit me up
thnx for the follow. I'll have to look @ yr book; I was laid-off from my newspaper in 2009 after 23 yrs, now freelancing.
RT“: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!! #openingdayissoclose”
It's really gay. That part shouldnt be exposed unless something is coming out or for some of you something going in. Think about it
i dont hold grudges unless its about something serious lol :D
Mali vibes at Zebulon so sweet I tweet WITHOUT KNOWING IT! STANDING UP!
Are you forgetting what Bron did to the Pistons in the 2007 playoffs? You seem to never want to mention that. Its only fair
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 16
Lakers got this.
The hunger games was good but not like I imagined but I did love the characters all the actors were amazing
thanks so much Yvette! You are so supportive every Friday! :)
#youknowwhatsannoying guys with skinny jeans showing their crack
Single, though it is pretty ginormous RT Is it a double rainbow or just a boring single rainbow?
hey shoulda waited to this off season and trade for luongo. From vancover
good morning! having a latte to start the day
Can either of you recall a coach leaving w/ team before game is over ala. Roy W. Sat. vs. Fla St.
sorry sis no can do 🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀 Jesus Shuttleworth lol Walter Ray Allen He Got Game
#FF for all the news, apps, reviews, hardware, and more on
Is your streaming server locked up or has it really been totally full since 8AM?
You may see him anywhere, he moves aruond. Howeer, tomorrow he wil definately be in IB. Fresh made pie by the slice.
So, hungry 😁
I missed the piece on Miller!! You don't know where I can watch it, do ya?
agree but we could ludwick for close to nothing
Hopefully a youth sports instructor
rocking out to THE BASEMENT on drive home from work #OBSESSED!
Thanks...you too! =)
Lol nice and cold RT": When I need my best sleep ....I get Bookie Button Naked....."
Work Smarter Not Harder
Wishing the best show ever to !
He is? WHEN
9/7/11 - Harrys abs revealed and 1D on Chatty Man. This will be a day to remember.
Robert lee hotz. We live in a golden age of science, in a golden age of empiricism, golden age of sci communication
Doin me with a twist! (;
lol that's a lil extreme
I freaked out today when I drove by a movie set, and everything was decorated for Christmas...
ordered your Eagle Creek cubes...thx
You take your Hair extensions out every other day... I mean I would never be able to tell its fake.
Samarai Noodles coming soon to the U-District = win! yay ramen!
shout out 2 all my new followers welcome 2 the mindless movement !!!
Don't tell #Tebow, Jesus has picked #thechicagobears to win today.
Single Black Female Face-off with Hill Harper, Steve Harvey, Sherri Shepard & others...
so sad about the 4 babies that died in the fire in Fairfield...
whats goin down everyone, we're just working our butt's off over here, hope you enjoy what we have for you.
Who's coming to see us w/ Aaron Gillespie & THE ALMOST tonight?
Got to go...see you later Twitterverse.
Just checking to see if you had gotten my email I sent to you a while back? Look forward to hearing from you!
I'm desperate to see it!! Can't wait!!
In a moodd
that's on the list for this weekend.
Looking at old pictures always put me in a good mood
Yours truly will be staying up the whole 24 hours to support the library, so you should definitely come see THAT. Hee.
Well at least they are opening with a good song!
how about no
thank you for following! Be sure to also check out for the latest in mktg, adv, pr & design.
OMD! Can't believe the finale is already here! So you've had to keep it a secret all this time!?
why can't there be a button to say "make my sheet model look like my default" and vise versa.
Someday I will understand... until then, will just have to make do with not knowing...
at least someone is getting the benefit of Cheski's money they aren't
Q. What do you call two lesbians with their period? A. Finger painting.
RT : " I have good feelin bout you today! #rungood" >
?? Oh that's right, I guess? Jack D got me all fucked up
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I said ass.
Clean sheets, a happy pup at my feet, and a thunderstorm serenade-don't need much more than this. So thankful for another perfect day...xx
where are you planning on living?
Merely transitional RT Larry Brown coaching SMU is _________
I love you like this much *hands you the world*
I did and it was easy
Just made a deal with a Fortune 150 company...so excited. Lets see what comes from it...
I cant sleep... thinkin about #WhatIfs er
“: So yall annoyed shawty don't wanna swim with no damn sharks while yall all safe in a boat ? I'll kill all yall .” SON
Just got done with another rockin' awesome acting session with thanks Walker! :
So are we, hope to see you at the ballpark this summer John!
NLD had a big day of meetings on Capitol Hill with key members of congress! We are ready to see user sign ups multiply w/ their support!
received my Diego sanchez shirt yesterday. Awesome will do business again
took quiet a slice off the top of a finger - it now resembles Terence and Philip talking
Good to know. As they say: I celebrate his entire catalog. We'll have to explore next time we bump into each other.
Good Luck! Thanks for all your support!
Dubstep is so annoying sometimes.
It feels like a huge decision b/c your responsible for so much. Have u read some unschooler blogs from young adults?
Oh btw, hi twitter! We're back for the moment I suppose!
TGIF time to jam the weekend , you rock reverb artist !!!! have a good day and a great weekend !
whole nation is proud of you. You guys were incredible last night! A great game, an unbelievable effort! Thank you!
#VinceYoung is trending on twitter...
RT Follow this guy if you are looking for followers and on Fridays it will explode, worked for me FYI
Im late
amazing! My life is getting better and better each day!:)
That gorgeous girl that just isn't photogenic..
still can't believe he honestly thought that.
Don't front it belittles u!!
Is it home? Me, and might make an appearance.
Haven't heard anything. Was thinking earlier whether #jj11 or #joyce2011 is better. Thoughts?
now if you can get to actually reply to support tickets you'll be making half that 200% work for this 1 customer.
“: Who's hotter Theo or Peter?” me
A FREE Appetizer Buffet starts in less than 5 hours! Who's joining us for a cold one after work??
tor is genius I just wish it was faster. Oh well
loved the android version visualization. Keep up the great work.
If you're thinking of dumbing down for a guy, it's too late. You're already stupid for thinking about doing it to begin with HOE
Today marks start of Michigan's deer season: About 675,000 hunters are expected to hunt this season.
slowly discovering all the non busy places to eat in midtown!
No, sorry to miss it. What's #techtacular about?
thanks Felipa - I will take a look
That was freaking AMAZING!!!! #FaceOff :D
okay I definitely will.. Saturday lunch might work best for me.. But I'll let y'all know closer to time.
I hate that summer is leaving us in the #PNW although I am looking forward to starting at the #universityofwashington only two more weeks!!!
Articulation of /r/ can be so important...especially in words like fork and shirt...
if I can get a taxi in the next 30 min I'm gonna head out
Modern European politics are consistently wonderful, awful, and hilarious simultaneously.
oh k thnks #RusherMom ill it when i get home yhnks :-)
Soccer in the AM! :)
I allow constant revision through quarter to encourage Ss to re-visit and revise.
World’s oldest man dies at the age of 114
“: All-time leader in walk-off homers? Jim Thome, with 12. Wish the Twins had him earlier! Would have helped mid2000s teams
u should def go! It's scary at first but once u shoot it once the fear is gone!!
love the red chair! Is it comfortable?
My dogs like liking peoples heads!(: Nastier??
I need some retail therapy shopping immediately!
Chocolate oatmeal, coffee, poetry, dog, and sun out in backyard.
Took a trip down to the Freedom Hall box office today to pick up tickets for an upcoming giveaway!
Everyday Fox & Vandersloot cry victim, gives more opportunity to educate pple on not buying his multilevel products.
Sounds heavenly! RT : Special sandwich: roast beef, asparagus, red onion and Gorgonzola, toasted, on a baguette.
The Rock sucks...and if they turn the angle into him wanting to drink I'm preparing for new shows on Monday.
#TruthBeTold I thought the little dude with the ring was the "Ring Bear" until I was about 16 years old... O_o
I Will! /: & Yess I Know Its Heart Breakinnggg, & I Love You More. <3
isn't it MAGIC?!!
Sadfaces for both of us!
Damn Dallas scored. 1-1. And No, I'm not watching the game. Had to follow for the updates.
maybe with a bottle of red....bottle of white?
lol they are playing the lakers
Wearing sweatshirt.
on Chelsea Lately??!! Why am I in class
that headline made the sophomoric male in me chuckle.
goes live with the Rome-News Tribune! Neybor provides enhanced real estate classified adverting on RN-T.com with syndication to more
Recap: Brockton Reds, Bens Dream White Sox, Middlesex Brewers & South Shore Cardinals advance to #cooperstownclassic playoffs today.
This made me cry RT so cute:-) ": Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other."
okay thank u!:) and my cousin saw some of your blogs and she luvved it:)
July 17th Sunday at 6pm Gerard Brooks in Concert Gerard is no stranger to Gospel Music he has been singing since the age of seven
Slap on a lil bit of strawberry lip gloss & I'm ready to rock!!!
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script
Thank you, !
That's the spirit, ! A friendship based on blame. Love it.
Denver Wins
So that's 21 points and collin totally winked at us when the whole team high fived the
TSOI-NY is about to see SCRATCHACID at Webster Hall 2nite. About to see what this Yow character is all about.
tired haven't slept in days.
#BREAKINGNEWS - President Obama: "By the end of 2014, the Afghans will be fully responsible for the security of their country."
id rather run. Hahaa
What's your favorite food?
Go follow my new account !!
Looking forward to having a beverage or two and cathing the Brewer game on FSN!
submitted a tea party catering proposal to client in San Jose CA -in their garden, iced tea party - food only inc bd cake at $35 per head
TURN iON KCAL9 RIGHT NOW! #DODGERS PRESS CONFERENCE WITH NEW OWNERS!!!!
Brewing my first batch of beer!! A traditional European bock.
Love viewing original documents & Cincy building depts comments about Wright's design. Wright: Ridiculous
Making plans for our G&L #summerjam2011 & #bigcountrybash2011 tent. So far it's still at Waterworks Park this Sat & Sun
Females be thinking us dude can't recognize FAKE Louis Vuitton purses, Fake Coach & FAKE gucci . . STOP PLEASE !
Life would be easier if the software I write wasn't so damn useful. I mean didn't break all the time.
WAG of the Week #95: Stunning British Model Zabeena Harris (Hot ...
Miller: unanticipated consequences can lead to new insights of community, new services
Who comin out to party wit me for my bday 2morro night at noche caliente?
be safe. Have fun. Love u!
Have faith in my boy Ryan Raburn
Had to collect my free steak from Outback! Damn good.
uh yeah and our parents were hard on us!
I am usually all Madame PR.....PC......everything is great........but THAT is ridiculous.
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
I know what I'll be buying my mom for mother's day: OAK FREE CHARDONNAY
So I want you to cry! And I want you to cry for me! I don't want you to lie to me and say that it will be alright
See ya later, #Duke!! GO CATS!
revision. Ba:( help me? Well, just follow me? Wish me look for my exams? Say you love me? Your not even online:( imissyou
Ops. Didn't mean to steal the mayorship from Tee hee. She'll get it back this week!
I haven't visited them but I've seen their store. I've had some of their product. It is good!
Thanks for sharing! - we have some great lists on Let us know if you have questions.
So about that zombie marathon runner. Not such a surprise, but he finished undead last
Worked out. Ate a sandwich. Now lying down and cannot get motivation to move.
“: I wish fire trucks played "Move Bitch, Get Out The Way" instead of using sirens” then you'd see them coming
Hey Friend Good Morning To All From Tutor Pace...!!!!!
Okay she starts to annoy me right now.. The hell I'm gonna slap this bitch!
Did you record it?
he'd better call Braun's attorney.
I feel like a celebrity. Cruising Springfield with summer on my mind.
What a day it's gonna be for Rugby @ Crew Stadium BGSU trailing Army by 2pts
Probably should go for a run before Baconfest. After? You think you're gonna wanna sleep.
refunded us. tx for your interest in your customers! twitter really is the only way to get customer service now!
Commit your work to the Lord,and your plans will be established.
Attending #AMAEXPO this weekend? follow for updates and give a aways during the show.
Wow! You're a trip H! lol Most attention these guys have got from a hot chick ever!
Hmm. Very specific test parameters.
So fun to see so many people cycling through Better Block setup for #Bike2Work day!
it felt good on my lips.
For Today - Agape
Thinking: Why is my #TT so light, it's halftime of the #Lakers game. (Looks at the clock) oh...it's midnight.
I wonder do this nigga really care? Or am I just wasting my time.. M!
Nice. My goal is to waddle out of the gym this afternoon.
Am I the only one who thinks wedges look ridiculous?
I can't believe any of this shit
290k on dinner break. blinds 3k/6k 1k ante when we get back. 25 left.
Has Anyone Else Wondered Why FACEBOOK Is Blue ? Why Can't It Be Red , Or Green Maybe Even Purple ?
GALAXY DIGITIZING (Specail offer!) Email: Phone:7135741446 First 5 designs $15 each Leftchest /Cap placements.
I'm hoping that we get a guard
. says two remaining controversial issues for session are campaign finance reform and raising min. Wage. Echoes of yesterday
Glad you had a good time! Are you a seasoned user of social media or a novice?
follow me and i might follow you,(: rofl.
That presenter from the NEA had an awesome surfer drawl.
Are they berry flavor or berry flavor? Hehe
Art Quote of the Day: The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. -Michelangelo
Bike ride? hah
Just ran into 2 people I know on the plane to Austin. Let the #SXSW games begin!
Writing the office quotes all over flashcards because its so much better than studying them>>
Our special today is chicken soup, Jamaican style! Warm your insides up with a cup!!!
I can't find the right walker toy for the baby. HIS BIRTHDAY WILL BE RUINED.
you and me both. And it always turns out to be someone in your inner circle
Although I imagine it will just be folded into subscription/platform fees....
Maybe tomorrow night we can watch the last season 5 ep.
I think the Packers will have a hard time this year, Bears got better and Lions are going to be great
Jonathan Beecher Field: The commitment to reaching a larger public audience by online journals brings advantages and disadvantages.
Hey It's good to connect, follow us back!
I prefer to think of it as doing my part to support local
It's doors, show at 9
That two point conversion miss just saved a LOT of football pools.
Status is changing...decline has declined I'm on my way to better days..
A very literary dinner party very quickly devolved into fisticuffs over Guns n Roses versus Nirvana.
“ Seriously ... its tricking if u pay for dessert or an appetizer”lmao you so damn cheap
Happy Birthday to my best friend ilysm mooer okay goodnight
Eugene Jarecki, & Rachel Grady, we’re proud to support your powerful films.
very sharp. I'll tweet a picture of them when we get home. Too dark to take a picture right now.
A body w more muscle tissue burns more calories all day long, even when you aren't lifting a finger.
Haaha this bitch secretly hates me but claims shes my friend. I see right thru u bitch
most important person to rep social media for an org is the one who's passionate & knowledgable, not necessarily the tech guru
So rough around the edges, its hard to believe, that girls like you love guys like me
Yay! We are on the way!
great night guys! Made my night haha! Good times with y'all. Thanks!(:
Tonight's show was so rad! If you missed or left early, you seriously lost out.
Oj hello no“: on the LAKERS! I love the spurs because they can't beat THE LAKERS!”
Life is what u make it!!!~
Kendall did not txt me sayn twerk team lol im not funna play wit him
ick 2 appts in one day today! I am sure some shoe shopping will be necessary afterwards!
Glad to hear! RT : Team Up thanks for the follow, love what you guys are doing!
SHADES IS MINE
that's u did u not read my tweet at all
Happy Bday to the greatest sister in the world Love you hope your day is amazing
Somebody stop me!
totally diggin the new song! Keep up the good work
Its official you are the man.
. He's going to answer to the laws of man, and then the laws of God. You'd better start praying for his soul.
Boo. just told us that won't sign our column (or anything other than his book) due to "strict security issues."
Thanks, Julius. I'm excited to be coming!
On the way to California to see my family! :-)
Worked it. Straight from text. Oh another world has just opened up to me. Bring it on
River Ridge School District referendum up 375-319 with 10 of 13 precincts reporting
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
Dude Jerry is Justin's penis,dick!lol are you even a Belieber?
You've heard about that smoke drifting in to WI from MN. Are we sure it's not just the state letting off steam over Michele Bachmann?
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Greatest day at work ever...we had office bonding while on line for
1st travel tournament is on my bday weekend
Follow back
Aw thanks!
Why is it that every photograph of Octomom shows her carrying take-out food -- for one.
Working on this year's entry form!
All I can say is BEAUTIFUL.Pasha makes it SO BRILLIANT!
thanks! Ps f your dad, I shave in the shower too!
but delicious pairing!
Finally headed to the south side and it looks like it's going to rain
Yes plz RT : I wish there was a database that listed every single exhibition held in every art space in the USA.(...)
On my way to check out the new Lush store in Fashion Valley. Could this be the answer to my last minute holiday shopping dilemmas?
fuck it let's make an event of it.
June 1st can not wait to see
thank you for the follow
30 min slot for 10+ draw or 60 min for 20+ draw?
I love the theremin.
You had all weekend to do you homework!" Uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life...
Some men see things as they are and ask, “why?” I dream things that never were and ask, “why not?” – George Bernard Shaw
good thoughts and vibes coming your way!
Twenty minutes rowing is serious stuff.
Do we know what time yet? Need to shift some things round if it's a late game.
Both of your babies are beautiful! My daughter Lauren just turned 11. Have you added Levi to assistance list? I can advise
I know you've been hurt by.. someone else
I meant ADD one more lol
STOP TWEETING FUNNYS THAT JUS HURT MY BRAIN. I just can't even right now.
Looking for a HD videographer in LA TONIGHT for an event for $100- 2hrs
Lucky you!
Please follow me!
Thank you so much for giving us a +k about recipes on Love to share our food and recipe finds!
Tonight has turned out really crappy, but I'm just going to keep on smiling:)
they put in the sink so I could see TEP cliets but no soap, no papertowels. now its just a dadaist art objct
I wanna hear what nigga been workin on. Where the beats?
Getting ready for my interview on at 9:45. Thank you to all of my fans in advance for watching -- you guys are amazing!
Did anyone else hear Cindy Lauper drop the F Bomb on Wave3?
Where the wild things are guys
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
I'll be ready RT oh don't worry, it'll be directed at you a TON come Sept *smacks the back of A.J.s head*
obsessed with that pic!! Happy weekend to you too.
Playing at Relay for life in 20 minutes.
When youre so mad you can feel your face getting hot.
WHAT UNICORN IS YOUR SISTER X?
who's saying so???
FINAL: Churchill 3, King 2. Double play to end the game. Churchill advances to face O'Connor.
wow, the angst over Paterno is amazing. Those who worship him v. those who think he covered up child molestation - heated words.
people wait in line & save a spot for the other person, & when the person who bought the spot comes they just cut in line
That's awesome! Once I finish up the last of my store-bought detergent, I'll make mine.
Let's go here I am Floor 4 Row D Seat 7. Find me!! Justin Moore rocking it!
We're trending 'Happy Birthday Joseph Morgan' tomorrow 7PM UK time. RT and spread the word!!!
Question 2: I can’t get skin cancer, because my normal routine doesn’t include any outdoor activities. Tweet True or False using
Core Media not only prints t-shirts & apparel, but embroidery & promotional products is what we do & do it well! Hit us!
Is that just from work?! I never got that much email at The Sun!
Dream: fmr grad school prof (not that one!) and old Scout leader/captain berate me for walking on his deck.
lmao when yall coming to the north
Went to sleep early fuck it I'm up on the early side
#bover will be opening their #lighting showroom in #newyork in #september2012. we wish you the best!
In China, bicycles out-number cars 250 to 1
Asian Babies!!
you need an otter box
This 76ers game
RT I eat my pizza with ranch, & that's the best way.:: that's the most amazing way to eat it!
Brian has my phone number so all is ok there ...
You were so HOT tonight on #dwts!!! Don't let the judges get you down - see you next week!!!! :-)
RT : “: "Standardized tests are a poor substitute for justice" #sosmarch”
Apparently the NFL #HOF voters are still on lockout.....how you gonna snub Cris Carter and Bill Parcells.....go home...smh
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Sennheiser North America
Looks like it is going to be a perfect weekend for camping! I can't wait to get away and drink beer around a campfire.
>>Welcome Jennifer! Have a great weekend..
We're about to head out for a midnight visit to one of the oldest cemeteries in the county.
what about that one love song i would listen to, that would get stuck in your head?
heck yea
Props to Colton Dixion for worshipping God on American Idol! He is all I want He is all I need He us my everything!!!
sure why not!(:
RT Catch my interview with author Mike Leach of Why Stay Catholic at catholicmom.com/?p=19443 - enjoy! //
'Big Bang Theory' Is Now Bigger Than 'American Idol'
raining in WA county/Beaverton line
Great Questions, keep 'em coming!
In addition, it will take millions out of a low-interest savings account and then it over to police & fire in all 18 cities # SAFE
TeamMaestro and #Zimmer present must-see custom mobile learning & sales support solution tomorrow at #Q1Productions Medical Device conf.
RT Hey my Trigga boo can you please follow my lovely sistas ~» please Trey :)
I hope every one has a good spring break(:
Happy to hear in a bar in the #district :)
that's why they surpass home depot in sales---no more elevator music!
Who is watching UFC CAN I get an update?
Thinks my life has no meaning, no purpose anymore.... Oh wait, I found the remote to the TV, nevermind!
#WhatIMissMost Skating with the
jon's apartment number is 1D
LMFAO... They talk to me xD
To dang tired! G'night! 
his apology still doesn't make up for a call that altered the game. Chelsea didn't dominate till after that
See what happens, #mntwins, when you get rid of Nick Punto AND the battery's eye trees?? Doom.
I'm good and u
Great game Sox , and way to go Philip Humber , yippppeeee
dont u hate it when the most. Important person in.your world ignores u?
hopefully ill be better by this weekend or at least before next week! 😳 😒 🙏
have a nice day at school pookie.
i dont care much for watchin it tho i rather play
some birdbrained peeps; it's that kinda town, what with Blue Jays, Orioles, and Ravens
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😓
I cant front man, im impressed wit ya boys..thought they wld get swept
Ships in harbor are safe, but that's not what ships are built for. John Shedo
I completely understand but still, the show is whack
Have a slice of perfection with the White Chocolate Raspberry Cake for only $3 a slice!
Well I hope you guys have fun...You gonna get some pictures for twitpic?
Guys I spent like three weeks with and now I haven't seen her in forever.
Creeping on Ah Come up kinda morning ...
I'll be your valentine lol ;)
Good idea! : Have u gotten surf shorts yet ? Planning to go 2 tmrw they have &
That law about no texting and driving is stupid
Thanks for sharing our In the Heights article!
miss you too babe<33 hopefully i get to see you tomorrow :D
hah yaay!! And I went to A Drake concert last night!!!! <3
The lack of meaning in all this is the worst part.
bitchmade comes in all shapes and sizes lol
why what happen
Time for a numbergameeee! Tweet me your number ;) must following
he want that #CAKE (: morning everybody (((((: 1st period flow.
It's my Leila's first birthday today!
Get to know the candidates vying for Shelia Jackson's school board seat at a public forum 6 to 8 p.m. April 18 at Knox Middle School.
but only in my dreams does that really happen
I just DM'd the question to u
Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!
Love the open space. Curious how the type works with the gutter though, was anything lost in translation when it was printed?
Whiskey. Won't cure you, but will make being sick a helluva lot more fun.
i get reminded of what iam missing.irratatingggg
The Cubs could play the 2012 season 2,012 times and they would still never win the NL Central.
You mad? Stay mad
House of Nanking. In line. Doing it.
i knew there was a reason i've never stepped foot in there....mr. angry spice
It would be great for their market/fanbase if they signed the best Cuban free agent available. I would love the move.
My cousin refuses to follow me , what a jerk -_-
It was over before it began as far as I'm concerned. I've never even heard the song.
I don't understand the point of twitter ? haha only for you courtney :p
Dinner with the 1 guy on earth who understands me...long 48hours4all of us at 601...not another place I'd rather work
Haha Yea they did i totally loved there outfits.., and i was happy that they both made a movie together :D
Sometimes I worry about how much I enjoy being alone with my computer.
Done with my term paper. Now off to bed! 'night!
so call me maybe [; follow me alex <3 #nevergivingup so your gonna get alot of these [;
cool! #dressforsuccess is a gr8 org! If you would like to get involved with us email !
Stop being mean Jose! .,_.
RT : Thx! caught my eye at #gnomedex and I've had fun playing with it. [me too! It Rocks!]
that frusturating moment when you're almost dont eating your cereal but the last few pieces are like "catch me if you can!!"
When you help a librarian out, it will return to you in multiples.
"The Right Stuff" is going back to the library today.
Class dismissed bitches! I'm free!!
You can't keep him with no personality ...
I've seen it before. Haha. Thanks, though. He sure is sexy. ;)
Since I didn't get that job, its now time to step it up and apply more!
I have a feeling this show will be the basis of a movie that wins an oscar. It's just that good.
hi there!!! you know your awesome right?
I'd have to say, you have kept up with your expectations, your Twitter game has been strong.
which 1 of u wants my old Blue/Yellow Team DeMaio Tshirt. Since u are intent on electing him Mayor. AKA voting 4 Filner
Omg..I can't even watch this bs..ogando..really??
Outraised the incumbent by triple. Way to go team, !!!
Miller would be better off wearing a mitten on his glove hand.
Coach, I'll holla at you tonight at the game bro!!!
Naturally! Let the snacking begin...
Voice coach says I'm not getting enough sleep. See...y'all done got me in trouble!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Someone needs to save me from my mind
LOL! This is a bad decision from me...
Office manners tip: Don't go overboard with personal decorations. Make it yours but don't have anything that might make others uncomfortable
spending time with the family,relaxing
haha! I feel the same exact way, and yet, we still manage to sit on twitter instead of studying. haha!
I see the same people everywere.
Been up for 24 hours now. I'm creeping up on the record
is ver easy if U have a gasgrill and a cast iron pan takes bout 20 min 4 green coffeebeans 2 get dark :)
we need girl time"!!! Boys are making life difficult!
You have to decide who your going to trust and listen too.
Navy SEALS are asking the weird, foreign looking Obama to stop bragging about killing Osama bin Laden. He didn't do shit. They know it.
listening to Sweat It Out(Twerks and claps cheeks) 
I feel like is my big brother.
hell yes I can't wait!!!
"There is a strange pecking order among actors. Theater actors look down on film actors, who look down on TV actors. Thank God for...
that would be amazing! Can't wait to see the collection and maybe even carry it on Skinny Bitch Apparel! KIT!
Wednesday Wisdom: “Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” ~Jim Rohn
we need to start an email campaign or something!!
I couldnt ask for a better group of friends, we always have some much fun together.
Whenever I'm down I put on and I cant help but smile which makes my day better
Follow , , , , and for all #wifilmfest coverage this wknd!
Listening to sfSound rehearse Dan Joseph's new piece. Polytempo all the way....
Just be ready
If I didn't know you I'd rather not know. If I couldn't have you I'd rather be alone.
I think my love affair with is going to force me to learn Less. Which has been on my list of things to do anyhow.
My Favorite Song On The Whole Mixtape! Good
German already sounds angry to me ... So an angry german just scares the shit outa me .
Practice practice :)
I just woke up at 7:30 and went to the grocery store to buy stuff to start juice cleansing every Monday. And I didn't wear a bra. #WhoAmI?
ha ha tell her it all positive music so she good lol
It's a Mom's World. We're all just livin' in it. Happy Mother's Day.
RT : #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a FEM Gay guy and a BUTCH Lesbian fall for each other! That equals a heterosexual attraction!
This dude looks like a bigfoot lmao
We love the way music brings people together.
screw valentines day...happy #TomlinsonTuesday everybody!!
People who talk to others with disrespect are only asking to get treated negatively.
Let the festivities begin , birthday just a few hours away ;)
please dont be in love with someone else
White Haus in Jamaica Plains; in Providence , a fantastic arts space; basement venue Distant Castle in Worcester
He got something special#lovehurts<3
got a new rear bike tire...and "True Lining" (?) some process to make my ride BETTER! :) yeah Ft. Collins.
I think I'll go mac n cheese, okra, and mashed potatoes.
Clippers work them.boys
"The greatest battle lies within"
Wow 80 degrees in the Chi today unheard of for the spring time
mind if I email you a question along those lines later today?
Also need to invest in a tablet.
Oh I would LOVE to see you! Maybe you and whoever could come to the mall..Im sure I'll be there sometime..probably Sunday! :)
What's going to happen when people start teleporting to work? No more snow day excuses!
40 minutes of walking/running, 2.5 miles, and 330 calories later, I think it's time for dinner. Ah, I feel good!
The newest national poll is out. It's FOX - and FOX has Obama PLUS SEVEN!!! Ouch.....!
hahaha...whatever helps you sleep at night...but you're alright...
love to see that sometime...lol
Hip flask. Apply frequently.
Congrats to & its founders! Amazing entrepreneurial story and a wonderful app that I've been hooked on since the day it launched
Waiting for that New Jack Swing revival....
Will do!
If we are God's experiment, then I'm thinking he's probably more like a mad scientist and less like the all loving version.
Welcome home Gilad.
you KNOW how much I favor free markets, and I am 200% in favor of regulating this practice. Must Be Stopped NOW.
thanks for sharing!
Guess I should stop sitting in the parking lot. Ugh.
shut up fool.....u must miss me👍👍
Woke up in a great mood today my fav show not yet on TV is only 2 days away
emmett and dwayne are headed your way!!
After 14 years of listening to every minute of every , I hardly listen at all anymore. Reason: It's +EV to grind poker in silence.
please tell me that was a dream
May or may not have just photo bombed ESPN with
you guys are so nice (:
I'm free. Finally off work :-)
The male population needs to figure it out .. And figure it out now .. Idiots .
ah so r u done with homework
tomorrow is the first day I don't have to wake up early for anything. yes. sleeping ALL day.
I'm so pumped! Seems like forever from now
Bulls play tomorrow at 7pm. Make sure you're here for $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts & $5 svedka cocktails!!
NSR may be racist, but mostly she's just a charlatan. Nobody cry--there are plenty of knee-jerk anti-intellectual rags to take her.
You're making me want a DQ vanilla cone with cherry or butterscotch dip. Haven't had ice cream since unsold my business!
Syracuse isn't the 2nd best team in the country. No surprise Louisville is hanging.
Looking for someone who understands Robet Puddys Launch Formula Marketing . Anyone out there ?
and you're a #Twins fans so there are bonus points for that. All women look better in Twins gear
This Pic is You my friend!
Hence the fact that Skyrim is procedurally generated. Portal 2 is similar problem articulated differently [+]
We're all just slightly misunderstood
been a freak now that I think about it 💘
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Yeah, but Pauly Shore isn't your standard hack... he and his buddy were beyond extraordinary hacks.
Still not asleep and not happy about it...
Dear Self, I regret to inform you that you are not that much better than most of the people you look down on. Knock it off. Love, Matthew
: o my gosh erika
ROCKIN TO THAT TRAP OR DIE...
I'm gunna be looking like pop stew tomorrow :)
RT : recruiting the perfect kickball team is a fulltime job.
Wow....I just got this rly sharp pain my heart....</3
Its a beautiful day in San Fran! Eating at a diner on the warf with the mother.
Saw you tonight on Ch7, but it's fair to question Brady's legacy based on his post-spygate results, right???
I beg to differ. Where did I park my Delorean?
It's a gorgeous day and day 2 of the captains license course in Monterey. Wish this course was taught outside.
I'm sorry, are you also tweeting the dozens of times they say you lied? Hypocrite.
So it's official -- Pandawinks Diaper Cakery is now an official business -- taxes to pay and all!
Changing perspectives now a days
Only 4 days till Christmas! Foamily has Griffin Longboards and more for $100 off normal price...amazing Christmas present.
what period do you have Spainsh?
blowing the snow. Hate the cold kickback
Thanks for the update! No surprise there - would love to see some straw polls in northern Wisconsin.
": I think I can understand why kids love theme park! " blow my dick on a rollercoaster bitch
I've got a #confession to make. #Pandora convinced me to buy their yearly service so I could can the obnoxious annoying
Bahcesehir University students completed their ESL program.They studied for 8 months at HFC.
Where all the hoes at? That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
I Really Don't Care Anymore-- The Funny Part Is You Think That You Have Some Control Over My Emotions. Be A Player When Im The Coach,
RT Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal. ~ E. Nightingale
Come to in Dallas at 7 PM to hear Singer/Songwriter on Dec. 19th! You won't be sorry!
me too ._. it annoys me.
Script is locked- film is cast! Crew confirmed! Table read on Jan.21st!
I have to give props to unofficial Kentucky State Governor for saying he'd rather see UK's campus rebuilt than Rupp Arena.
It's an even bigger presumption because test scores are an inaccurate and inadequate measure of our students.
Really, why do any other schools even try anymore?!
This PM thing is making me insane...
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -William Shakespeare
Schmarbage indeed. Alison, your inane humor always "cracks me out!" (in the words of a very-trying ESL friend of mine).
a big thank you to Best Place bar in the historic Pabst downtown for tapping Fire Light!
I hope for both staff and patrons. Your team rocks!!!
Aww I hope you et better(: And guess who got the one I wanted. Little Miss Perfect Leah.
Spartacus on the high.
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay.
i wanna switch to the iphone :P
Baby if I were 5'10 the world would be a redder place....but at 5'2....well I own a lot of heels
Great guess of the key ingredient--photo to follow in the next tweet. RT spring pea soup?
Well, you know how much we love beer around these parts...
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare. Hope you enjoy your evening at Kittichai!
Yay for Meryl Streep!! #TheIronLady was an amazing film and so are her acting skills, pure amazing!
I am baaaackk in action. Thanks for the heads up on the Annie's Groupon, by the way!
had such a great time playing at the Fox & Hound show in Arlington Heights last night. Thanks for coming out to the #party!
It's always political: role of photograph? images speak for themselves?
Just found out my dad dated a girl that lived in the same building as a girl I used to see, but he did it 45 years ago, before he met my mom
Stats don't mean shit when you don't have a ring for them... lol
Equal opportunity, I just like Apple products better
Done with the number game. Sorry if I didn't do yours!! I didn't do that many because I got really tired and now I'm going to sleep! Night(:
Do you speak English?
« #Libra has a big need for variety. That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.»
scored 2nd week-end passes to Coachella 2013 :-D works out since I will be in the PI late March / early April 2013.
Just started my #D3Launch download!!!!
I like that if I ever head out to #Oregon, I have Twitter friends there.
Ann Curry's whispering, "aren't I compassionate" interviews are so gd tedious and annoying.
Voted at 7 AM today. Pretty quiet, but I almost fell down those church basement steps.
Convinced a 3rd grader that nonfiction writing is definitely NOT boring!
Solaris Kids Hotel Andrija- The first childrens theme hotel in Croatia - kids desks
You guys are trying to trend #iNickelodeonShow ? I am IN !
enjoying... no, having a BEERGASM to... a vampire slayer at
jahahahahahhaa . Im so Immature
Thank you :)
.. Look, Jamie Dimon is paid only $20 million a year. What do you expect, perfection or something?
Two days is not enough time for a weekend.
finally got twitter. i'm proud of you
someone who hates you normally hates you for one of three reasons. they see you as a threat, they hate themselves, or they want to be you.
I wish I could, but it's over a 2 hr drive from me and I don't think I can get there soon enough...
Hearing about demographics- our children will be frequent attendees at 100 yr old bday parties. New meaning for old.
Free #concierge pick up & delivery service with any Deluxe Wash or detailing package in downtown #SanDiego,#Gaslamp, #EastVillage or
The team assembled on the block and started observing the house. Several people. Positive ID on his truck.
My agent is worth 20%. Don't tell her that though...
Presiding bishop is Hope Ward of Mississippi
Wednesday is here! 1/2 price on all bottles all day! New Reds on our Wine List!
Tomorrow I have #modeling exercises.
South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums? BAH! That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes.
got it and agree. Happy new year!
Maybe by the time I'm back to Ohio Sway will be in full effect. I can just bartend my life away in arena every weekend 💁🍸🍶🍺
Welcome to Twitter!! Love you!
spring break >>>
Francisco-Revilla: you have to get the users participating in the design. They can tell us what works for them.
#MD Gov breakfast w legislative leaders did not result in agreement for Special Session. Gov wants Budget by May-gaming perhaps August
Peter Piper Pizza!! :D
Everyone please follow me
Often you get the best insights by considering extremes--by thinking of the opposite of that which you are directly concerned. -C. Wright Mi
my favorite one. I've been tempted twice to snag someone else's delivery.
ZOMG I had no idea what a Cherry Ripe was until now. That's all my fav flavors in one candy bar. Hope I can find them here!
We are super men.
Standing ovation from Houston, Texas!
Fun fact...Lebron James has zero NBA championships.
Are you @ #spop12? So are we! We're presenting at 11am B2B bootcamp + 4pm B2C bootcamp. We've got wisdom to impart: be sure to check it out!
Do I hear wedding bells? Newbury has BRAND NEW Red Velvet Wedding Cake flavor in honor of co-owner Matt Wallace who ties the knot next week!
My Mind's on the scripture, it's Beautiful, I see every line on the picture. So when the leaves Rustle & the cock Crows winter...
had 2,287 pics of the boys on my phone , an now they are all gone!!! :(
Here I come Boston!
I know! <3 Lol I was just sayin' you could've come, but you were sleeping. :3
cleveland > bronx
is it time to do this again yet?
And a shout-out to Ryan at You are my knight in shining armor!
although the straightest distance between 2 points is a straight line, it isn't always the smartest journey
Are not worried about shit bc they know the govt will take care of them
there are certain women that would be good for me...but i have zero feelings for...that a bad feeling :-\
Having my first rose of the "summer" season at
Home with no boyfriend to kiss and no friends to laugh with
Did you know that for every $1 spent on family planning, $4 is saved?
Decided to do the 30 day challenge! ")
Copper Mountain in Colorado!
I like odd combos like that. I believe waffles and fried chicken are a popular odd combo in the southern US.
Who is that random chick just chillin' in the window?
So they got lil suzie out here...
Alot of uneducated people do ;)
I will give you peace and quietness. - I Chronicles 16:11
Looking for tickets to Blackhawks tonight? Message me if you want to buy our tickets. 3 seats in 105
Merry Christmas...make it a great day!
Macaveli's Exclusive Taurus B day Club Tour May 12 PARTY BUS,X DANCERS,PREM LIQUOR,CLUBS 5 SEATS..Left call to RSVP your seat 773 6406742
is this ship landing on the factory roof??
So I'm watching Basketball Wives as I do my final paper for my law class. Hm Royce you won't keep a man with all that crying boo. smh
Just discovered Apple's is an opensource project, written in #python. Cool.
no The snowman is cute though, his little cat
RT : #ifitwasntforhockey i wouldn't know what love is.
Good posture prevents back and neck pain. Duh, right? Maybe not, look around. You think people know good posture?
Me too - way worse. The 80s and 90s were not a friend of mine...
I'm out of control, but at least I know it.
I want an exotic animal someday..
So good to be back in OZ
#FF thanks and welcomes new follows Move your way!
So, does this mean that the #Twins and the #Mariners are the two worst teams in #mlb?
What would it be w/out Barrett's Milwaukee? Even lower yet. MT : Unemployment rate...It is down to 6.7% in WI (lowest since 2008).
we just moved the company blog and the 'WP to Twitter' feed posted each blog again... sorry about the noise! -dale
#FilmmakingWebinars learning about video storytelling from the film making dude
Think in that case, "mentality" = economic structures.
If you missed the social night at Panera Bread, it was great!
People have different skill sets. A great team will have diverse skills so many things get done, rather then a narrow few. Opens more doors.
WFH today. Time to kick some serious ass.
i tweeted my friends the video of zayn dancing and they're making fun of him. then my friend is watching him sing let me love you... oh.
Today is International Beer day. Another reason to celebrate a glorious Friday!!
but you aren't aloud to!
Dads do not give the fight to protect your kids from an abusive bio-mom. Go through the courts, present proof. My proof was overwhelming.
oh god ,! Haha when do you wanna goo?!(;
Wooops. i hope i dont get in trouble for my last tweet**
that would imply that he has guard skills.
New looks great. It just doesn't quite...work properly.
So as of today a lot finna change real shit
your grad party is the night before my actual graduation! Wayne and Trish would not be happy if I slept through my graduation :(
just checking in my man where you all going this weekend
Avg student loan debt passes $25K. Avg new car loan exceeds $26K and used cars nearly $19K. Degree will last longer.
Just an FYI - there is a 100% chance of snow this New Years Eve on Auditorium Shores- at 8pm! Thank you Wolf stuntworks!
Nope, nothing in particular at the moment, just things I probably missed. Biggest point is property ordering, I think.
Great job -- the new homepage looks resplendent (to borrow a phrase from Taylor)
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation ... - MarketWatch (press release)
It is one thing to have a Benton engraver. It is another to have Benton's Benton engraver.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDYB!!! 
DON'T MAKE EXCUSES, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Carrie Allen talks about the fascinating negotiations of identity and authenticity in Christian rap in Houston.
straight to socialism. One just might get us there faster. No God=no morals. No morals=no freedom. No freedom= devastation
Reading through the tweets from is like finding beautiful pearl after beautiful pearl on the beach of succinct wisdom.
Only Abq mid-,high schools to pass AYP: charters, alternatives
Been so busy lately, haven't been following tweets. But soon have some new digital collections stuff to share
less than 1500 until #cinnamonchallenge & less than 91500 til you release your
Pittsburgh we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Gators with 12 assists on 14 first half FGs
have completed self-evaluation and sent it on! I am triumphant! Now I just need to create next year's plan.
Nothing is real 'til it's gone.
A week of sweet Mexican nights with my daughter start tomorrow. Ah.
Taking "The Artist" for Costume Design.
I hate when people think i take "Yolo" Seriously. Like, bitch. Take a joke .
Not too bad yet. I think someone opened a door in the cafeteria and it is sucking some of the bad air out.
that moment when u just get home from the grocery store and u realize u forgot to buy sumthing
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day! Margaritas? Mint Juleps? Or both? :)
Timbuk3 doors down
MVNO H2O Wireless adds 2 GB cap to $60 'unlimited' plan H2O Wireless, an MVNO that is managed by Fort Lee, N.J.-based Locus Telecommunica
Stop by and purchase your Yankees tickets for $25 for April 16th. If you've never been to a Yankees game this is a must!
A Mother's Day thank you for the care given a father in decline: Death is natural, and in some cases even merciful, right? He was the...
Yup, supporting and endorsing an offer to kill someone. That's what you did.
I'm already tryna go home
Do you have a dress that fits the dimensions of a bottle? Must be shapely!
I just realized that I've been working on the same piece of rug hooking for 12 years. Should I finish?
i think i am , i been single for ALONG ASS TIME :\ i betta start getting some cats . . . LMAO
There are new posts on the #blog www.sunrisetosunsetblog.com. Check out the pictures of the apartment and also our #craftiness!
A3) Fear and weaknesses can be turned into opportunities. They just need to be recognized and nurtured in order to grow.
ugh I feel ya on that one
can you go bowling?
Please welcome to twitter.
My Stomach Hurt iWas Laughing So Hard Mann!
Assuming the #Orioles are out of it by July, Jim Johnson could and should be traded for a king's ransom. (Corner IF obviously a big need.)
good morning wake up <3
I didn't order any 80 degree days... can I return them?
Colleagues comment on RT etiquette: "We're trying to have a society here. You gotta follow the rules."
Watching "The Wiz".
Apple wins long-awaited iTunes Store patent
let me know
#OnlyInMinnesota Do we consider 42 degrees and overcast a nice day.
we're playin in SF at the hotel Utah on the 17th
That's alright man, don't feel too badly. In 2100, Gas is gonna be like $20 a gallon & music will probably suck
I don't recall watching a worse NCAA football championship game ever....
Dis nigga said he gonna put some medicine on him when he catch him!
alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?
Repeats of Dancing with the Stars which for some reason is on Game Show Network.
When planning your event please consider getting He'll blow your mind.
epic troll! Mate.
yea man! I guess u could say I'm in a pretty good mood! LoL!
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!! get ready for rock it!
Yup. To say has a fascination with KP is to say Driscoll has a fascination with driving drunk.
I have a suggestion on a partner store. I think if we got rent the runway as a partner store it would do phenomenal!!
My father just told me I look tired and have quite a few grey hairs
Yep kicking off first full day. BTW LL looking strikingly like Mr. Jobs on stage today. Double Royal nostalgia.
i had two near death experiences today.
Thanks for the #FFExcellent!! Have a great weekend!
Forget to pay your parking ticket? :p
I put my hand up on your feet. When I tweet, you tweet, we tweet.
Hey, where did you find those cute graduation cards? I want to get one for my sister!
No silly XD foam balls!
12/21 at Frankies. We'll be there celebrating Karri's graduation from UT and her birthday which is the 25.Come hang out!!!!
I'll never be the person YOU wanted me to be. You can't accept me, even with my flaws. I've come to accept that I'll never be good enough.
That moment when you and your friend stare at your crushes after school :)
in traffic, but there soon
World Malaria Day 2012: Invest in biodiversity and keep malaria at bay - Business Mirror
RT : YOU'RE THE BEST CLUB AND I LOVE YOU
shit man I wish I was immature and made fun of people behind a fake profile.
Huge fan of Pulse! Alphonso Labs has truly raised the bar for app expectation(s), especially on the Android Market.
Wow that was really close to a #Penguins penalty shot, #flyers player looked like he gloved that puck in the crease.
Not sure what I would do without
Dear Music Pro blogger: "Integrate your marketing plan" and "build your base" is not advice anymore. Give us something new & creative.
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
One of my favourite lines in "Friends" ever and my basis for judgement of all actors: "They said you're not believable as a human being."
I've never been a fan of puppets , so the Dark Crystal had like no chance in my book. Still don't like them to this day.
getting ready to head out for my first night in chicago with seriously my roommate for LIFE represent.
so over listening to this convo...
Aww thanks girl!!!! I love you!
Working on a homeschool American history curriculum outline. So far it's just "Here kids, a list of every explorer ever. Ain't history fun?"
Still following along #cws ": The Gamecocks win it, 7-1 victory over Virginia. South Carolina looked pretty complete today."
Kangaroos really got it right with the whole built-in pocket thing.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love
nice! I'll see u guys tonight
I don't kid about music videos. already confirmed an appearance.
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
yeah they lost but I was watching the Man City game & WOW best game I have seen in the longest!!!!
I'm not comparing, I'm saying that's him....
The couple had left their apartment a block away from the Balinese because the roof was caving in.
the cheesy 80's song comes to mind... "Party All The Time..".
Heard great things about Mailchimp. Would love to try it at some point
Much respect to all those, big and small, who blacked out yesterday
Wow in the show one of Polly's lines is "I feel something sorta...down in my basement" oh jeeze
Adding live chat to #Venntive.com this morning. Chat me up!
Only TWO more days left to apply for London Fall 2011! Application is due THIS FRIDAY, APRIL 1st! Hurry and get your applications in today!
You don't know them and you're gunna be rude ? LMFAO PLEASE
When i was about 4 years-old i remember i use to tell my mom tht when i got older i would marry a prince&live in a big sugar castle.</3*
I may or may not have sang along and danced to "Bye Bye Bye" when it came on the radio while I was driving home. Yeah, I still like NSYNC.
Mom says thank you very much!
Congrats to for taking home best of broadcast for their So Kodak tv campaign. Great work.
check out , sometimes they have offers for the mountains
Though the Blazers aren't looking so great, at least Kevin Love got suspended. While the nose job was needed, Love is/was a spoiled brat.
Its been a long time coming babe
We are born with 2 fears- loud noises and falling down. All the rest are acquired.
shaming myself into playing better.
The time when your actually tired and you want to go to sleep but you just caint :(
Never though I'd be one thatd be awake at the bus stop at 6am for work. Still love it.
Tiffers welcome to twitter!:)
Subway for dinner!!#YEE 👍
All Hollies songs are foreshadowing her departure
Need assistance or to report something during your reservation? The folks at 866-4ZIPCAR are always there to help 24/7.
More mixing tonight!
beer chili and homebrews on Labor Day.
so far, a couple thousand fellow craft beer fans! see you there!
late start but DVR was running. I'm starting now!
