Nope no sex right now. Got to go take a test
I really want some Burger King or Dairy Queen, haha. 
Beatles mix cd accompanied with radio shuttle talk complaining of the woman shuttle driver
Getting ready for the Chicago Half Marathon!
listening to 11:11 on repeat, yupp, that's pretty much it(: follow me please???
RT : Tiger should've at least posted 12 under. Putter betrayed him again. STILL not 1 come-from-behind major.
I love our #Britax carseat/stroller, but the straps are not long enough to anchor in my car!
no lol. Oh my God I love her.<3
JD is SLUMPING.
Cant wait till u get home!Miss and love you
I am not fond of Justin Beaver in any way shape or form.
I'm afraid it's quite the opposite.
Back in
Happy Friday Beautiful People! The sun is out, top is back, I feel good, and I'm doing Great like Tony the tiger #ILoveLA - XavierLT.com
And they already messed up one of the most hyped up games with cheap, cheap fouls. So stupid.
"Complete culture of selfishness in America" - sad, but true,
4am arrives way to early! :(
Little dude wins the 3rd round!!
OMG! George Michael's "One More Try" is one of my favorite songs. And "Faith" and "Father Figure." I love him too.
i just go with the flow
": #Twitterpoll What female athlete you feel has the sexiest physique?" Serena Williams no question
Snow day!!
Is this photo of the Gaylord in Dallas?
NASA State of Flux Images of Change - The Arctic Institute - Center ...
RT“: Being In A Relationship Where We Both Can Act Silly Together :D >>”
RT : The most troubling aspect of the Romney bullying incident is that he forgot about it.
Night Town with the crew <3
i just want to figure out everything and go see the movie "Blue Like Jazz"
my enrolment for College and Prom is in two weeks and i hope the tickets take a long time to go on sale and then i might have money
Oh and I'm also getting sick.
You live and you learn...that's what it's all about in the end and I have certainly learned quite a few things in the last week.
u always drinking
Is there an app for that? Keith Clinkscales, SVP of Content Dev & Enterprises will discuss the new business plan for magazines at
that's not a bad idea. Just need the jingle.
Excellent Auditions, filmmaker meeting, and time of food and fellowship yesterday. The momentum is building! ACTION!
Those days when you just can't seem to have solid pirouettes... tsk tsk
Difficulty opening the photo... for now all I have is this image of Joey starring in the Spider Man musical
Coco Chanel gave me head so i guess I'm in fashion?
Enter to win your admit 2 screening pass with for by texting the word NATURE & ZIP CODE to 43549. deadline 4/12
Now using Linked In for Blackberry Application
I love you :)
Ever open a drawer to get something, forget what it was, close the drawer and immediately remember, only to have to open the drawer again?
That pu**y tight I strech it right outt. - TREY SONGZ BITCH
Quite welcome, Sir. :)
Awesome time at #technori today. Cool pitches from Chicago tech startups. Look out Palo Alto!
No doubt.
wednesday, oct 26, 6-7:30pm at the Puic Square Mayor Jones @ Richmond Times Dispatch 300 E. Franklin St, get there early.
FREE Website!! Yes that is correct we are doing free websites with the purchase of an SEO package. Best Business Deal Guaranteed!!
Another feild goal what a suprise.
sort of. Frisco. can't decide if I'm in Oklahoma or Orlando. (trying to figure out if I will ever actually leave , will e-mail)
the things i would do just to hear your voice </3
Have you recently checked your doors and windows for cracks or a loose fit in the frame? Wind gusts could cause a false alarm.
baby you light up my world like nobody elsee <3
haha fuck it let's go!
...what is THE PLAN..again??!
Found my library card lbs yayyyy!
LADY GAGO, KATY BERRY, DEMI TOMATO, MILEY CITRUS, DONUTS BROTHERS, TAYLOR SWEEP, BRUNO JUPITER. Welcome to Twitter (:
Bloomington is burning down.
I had a great weekend in #Portland-Vancouver although I am happy that I made it back to #Seattle. I am hoping for some #snow in the morning
The May 20 eclipse changes your life if your 0-1 degrees of an air or mutable sign.
You mean that's NOT how you pay your bills???
u did a gud job in that movie think like a man...had me crackin up the whole time
S/O out to lisa for hitting us up today to place an order, cause she seen our mascot on Saturday on water street!!!
I'm thankful to all the smart, friendly people I've met online, for all the things you've shown & taught me about technology & creativity.
Whoa!! Cheated death once again. On the ground, locked and chocked. Gotta go find a sammitch. FO says she knows a place.
okay....? Btw I wasn't creeping it was on my timeline. And why would I ever want to creep on u? I obviously HAVE a life unlike u
Girls are pretty hypocritical when they complain about guys looking at girls boobs. Girls look at other girls boobs WAY more.
www.funemploymentradio.com! greg nibler and my new project! woohoo!
Who the fuck is this team and where are my #orioles ? Go O's!
what's good ?
how's big pretzel and ? sorry I couldn't help you guys out back in Feb, I'm in LA now so would love to connect
Looking for something to do this week? Check out our local events pages and use filters to find exactly what you're looking for!...
I sense a sushi shortage hitting the east coast if that happens. Will let you know when I get itinerary
For sure!
I'm about my business.
blocked for Baltimore City Schools, too... along with every. single. personal. page.
I need to shave. This hair underneath my chinny chin chin is irritating me.
That's preposterous. Who would EVER do something like that.
I don't know what it is about ninjas called Steve but they enjoy following people
Baby, baby, baby oh<3
Who iz the
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
“: "Facebook isn't Craigslist" via Don't post listings & open houses. I would say the same 4 Twitter”[sparingly]
what kind of hoops? we just adopted one -- I don't remember any hoops, besides normal shelter background checks, etc.
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Hahaha phew getting kind of hot-blooded over here. Need to cool down. :p
#sometimesyouhaveto let your heart love.
Psychotherapy/counseling integrated with energy medicine (Reiki) gets to the root cause of issues more effectively than therapy alone.
Even worse: many organizations write a policy then never communicate it to employees. I've seen that at global brands.
Ok just finished 1st Korean class & oh man! That was a lot...But we took a wine break halfway thru which was lovely!!!
yeah. and about George/George/Jeb Bushes, & the Paul dynasty, & Cheney, & virtually every silver-haired white male senator
Parents, Bureaucracy, 19th century processes RT : What do you believe are the top 3 obstacles to change in edu?
#warof1812 enthusiasts - win a #free copy of Star-Spangled Sailors! when #author has 50 followers she will #giveaway 5 books!
This fucking guy did it again! Let the damn email program do it's job! Don't send an email and stop by 40 seconds later.
RT : Why does nobody love me?
Interesting paper on gardens in medieval poetry at our Falvey Scholars presentations this morning.
Sarasota jury duties complete. Last night our section, "Independent Visions," awarded the following three prizes:
Hehe, thanks. I'm just a little woozy. No schleping boxes around or running up and downstairs today though.
Let me know what you think of the 'Box. I know the girls will be awesome as usual.
Proctored a communications law final exam...its funny seeing 90 nervous undergrads waiting to take a test
Hey followers I have a new account please follow I want to try to have the same amount of follower as before!!!! Thanks!!!:)
I might! This ones more in the reality show realm. Narrator is a must I'm sure. I will let you know! Hope all is well
- just wanted to let you know we are thinking about you and totally want to see you in December
Sorry (sort of) that the Rangers didn't get you a present yesterday. Happy Bday anyways!!
Oh how I love family game night :)
| thanks for the follow Mario!
Baha great idea. I'll work on that! RT : Hilarious. Can you get him to start a "Toga! Toga!" chant?
haha no problem :)
yup. Are you coming back again?
Welp, I do not have a steady hand with nail polish, that's for sure.
Public Service Announcement: Ladies of NYC, stop wearing Baby Phat. Now back to your regularly scheduled programming.
Ask, believe, and receive.
It's sad, but sometimes you gotta accept the fact that some things will never go back to the way they used to be.
haha no doubt!!
this for me rite lol
you look so perfectly fluffy today!
God, there are so many ugly people in here. I should really get out of the house of mirrors.
is the 1590 at noon or 2 today?
Just ordered my Up. Its been awhile since I have been this excited for a new gadget.
Food storage sale - going on now! Up to hundreds off our already low prices - Visit FastPreparedness.com now!
> Thanks for the well wishes Matt! We were pretty well behaved on Friday. Saturday we lost our marbles. Good stuff. :)
..came across Good Shephard Charity Design Project blog...saw u were an organizer, then found The Teen Project PAD...impressive
Breaking Bad!!! #bandwagon (#late)
Dont let go of the good times + let the bad ones know you feel fine just wear your heart out on your sleeve love is all love is all u need<3
what happened who you mad at
if you need twin actors, look no further cause we are right here ready to work..
Walk that path with a dime and a stick. Walk that path with a diamond and wine. Walk that path to the firing line. Just walk, pay no mind.
Just finished recording vocals for 3 new practice demos! The plan is to get these online soon with some killer photos by Nick Ghobashi.
turning into a casual semester-long baby-author trope, but this was a total end-of-the-semester surprise
freeresortbeach.info New Post - At what altitude directly abo.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor
basketball tomorrow ?
Is this thing a duck or is it a rabbit?
looking at the reviews, you may be right!! ;-)
I loved giving out #acting and #modeling information during the event. Hope we work together in the near future.
Reporter live tweeting from scene RT : I'll be showing the scene and break the events down as they happened
Must be a Southeast Asia kinda thing!
fly to Ft Lauderdale...usually way cheaper and only 10 more min to downtown
Hey, you just havent found the right ppl to tweet and follow has one?
I agree!!!
look who's talking
Berklee has been getting so much PR past couple of months.. Lol & it's only about to get worse .. Lol
I hear ya
2 sets of 2 tickets for tonight's game vs. Minnesota, who wants them? #freetickets!
Now i'm making my dad pudding.
#GiantsLoveJordan played his music today and every day.
Go Bears!
A little not of hail falling on Oak Park.
to celebrate #welcometoparadise today will be a Cody Simpson day!!
laughs maniacally as the GOP is hammered again by the Tar Baby of its self-righteous hypocrisy.
Exhibit #1 why I can't watch NBA playoffs right now: Bulls 35 , 76ers 26 at HALF!!
Join us THIS THURSDAY for rock the mic 2012! 6PM at the Barnes and Noble cafe! See ya there!
crap mom is home early! GIRLS, get in the closet NOW!
Products that claim they are ALL-NATURAL and they aren't. #FamousLies .....RAW Heat & RAW Ice ARE 100% Certified Natural by the
Please welcome Versace, my new chinchilla friend!
We are almost there be sure to sign up for more info
Good morning, enjoy your day!!!!!
"When did having enough stop being enough? Even if you could have it all, where the hell would you put it?" 'In Plain Sight'
#HardestThingToDo when your at someones house and so hungry but dont want to ask for food
Thank you for a wonderful Mega Saturday!!! We raised lots of money for cancer research!!!
Im like catching up on movies I haven't seen yet
Thank you back.
Tallon is up for the GM of the Award. We all know he's going to win it in a landslide ;)
That's disappointing.
congratulations. In Hampden?
Hilary says that a passion for social justice drives her non profit career
Why, thank you!
I fell asleep in class.... -.-
Adjustment Bureau one of the most romantic movies I've seen.
two so far . First Impressions and After Hours. Enjoy!
This Saturday, January 21, 3-6 p.m., Bible-Based Keys to Communication and Support Group. Newcomers welcome.
How can you have such an amazing game (& series) & end it on such a bad note?
RT : I am in need of a few well-adjusted students for a volunteer thang this Saturday AM at Interested? DM me or...
RT : Thank you for all your hard work. You are doing a great job.
Don't forget, next week, WEDS 5/9 1pEDT join for the #CustServ edition of
have we met? But yeah I do..,
u do realize the Stern nation can ruin your career, especially being on the radio. Time to fess up!
thanks for coming in!
On mi way to Red Lobster with mi fren her treat
Now that I work upstairs I don't mind Sats so much. Sundays on the other hand, should always be a day of football.
I wish I would catch Devonte in some
The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment
Hate I gotta b here n my bae hurt her self I rather b with u
Hope it's a beginning to big things.
band Perry
what is?
If you had tickets to see Davy Jones in the Dells next month, I've got some bad news...
Need address 2 send shirts...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Live more, Complain less. More Smiles , Less Stress. Less Hate , More Blessed
Hurricanes RB Miller falls to Dolphins in draft
Do we know if Chicharito wanted to play in the Olympics? Can't remember him saying one way or the other.
Flip flops are not business apparel
How do selling prices compare to listing prices in your area? Find out at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
I've had a huge crush on you so.ce freshmen year I think you are so beautiful and I would love to make you mine
i live in the az and its alredy 11:06 and im bored
Great trip to CT despite last minute icky weather. Making mac and cheese for dinner while listening to ice pelt the house.
I know it will never happen but if and did a duet OH MY GOD two of the best bad asses together <3
My left headphone speaker was going out. So I beat it against the tabletop. It seemed to help.
check out our platform for sports registration and digital solution. We're located in NYC also. Hit us up!
I wish superheros were real! I loved avengers! Lol had fun wit
ur mine too (:
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work. ;) 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
The Creative Director on certain clients: "You can't coach bad taste."
The bug that prevented the "more" button from showing more posts for logged out users is now fixed cc
Has been #inlove with myself since day 1, but now i think I'm actually #fallinginlove with someone else who truely deserves it**smile**
Burning select CDs from 's collection. The Felicity soundtracks, too. That's so Noel of me.
I will slap you 2 times
Chris Bosh was on the court tonight?
That sounds rehearsed! ;-)
thanks for calling me, it actually made me feel 1,000 times better c;
So good to be home from almost two weeks of continuous travel, time for a lil' vino from the cellar for a home weary soul..hm what to drink?
If I Do Dis Talent Show Wat Song Should I Sing Doe?
i wont wit her ratchet self,
S/O to Emily Wendorf and Nick Hoskins for killing it today at FAW!
50 Cent Beer tonight cuz it's, you know, Monday. Now til close, get a pint of premium beer for just 50 cents.
HUGE 3 pointer to finish the half! Cards up on Michigan St. 23-18! GO CARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me too, but it pisses me off I have these sausage fingers.
My heart keeps telling me hold my breath, You'll never learn a thing if you bail out now.
you just reminded me of the bar scene in "Airplane!" "you could count on a graduate seminar breaking out almost every night..."
haha I aim to please. You wanna talk about it
want 2 know how to build relationships with the right people in hollywood? what do u want 2 know most about acting? post your questions here
yea I know I'll pay your ass back
Redskins... ugh!!!
I would tell you to go to hell, but you can't follow directions!
Good job dude u are so effn funny u make my tummy hurt when u perform
Living in pittsburgh, so after tonights game everyones facebook statuses are about how bad it was
Remember when it wasn't Oscar season and non-civilians you otherwise respect paid lip service to not getting caught up in the scheme?
Looking forward to this! RT : Will be at #CBODN conf. this afternoon to talk about how foresight helps orgs be more resilient
Thanks, we appreciate it!
you at INTA? I'm in the exhibition hall
only you Bird only you
#sschat #edchat Ideas for website to set up 100+ wikis? Used wikispaces on a smaller scale but interested to what others used??
Absolutely! I'm a fan! RT : Thank you sis!
Ken Jennings quotes:....“It's so much fun that the money is just icing on the cake. There seems to be a lot of icing.”
I so dislike that punk. I hope he never ends up in Boston.
Nice flyer
I know u were :) photos info all soon
Tupac is one of my favorites ever, but it's a bad sign when the hottest new talent in your industry is basically a 15-year-old recording.
We want to throw a tea party!!! Who's coming??
What should go onto our #Brewers pizza?!
Looking over images from RAW: Seattle Fusion, and super excited about what I've got. Well done, artists!
We're going down for regularly scheduled maintenance. Should be back up by noon!
Single and free.! :-) happy as ever.! staying that way.
how does it feel now that you have met taco?
Following #kidlitchat to see if I can pick up an tasty morsels as a librarian in training.
You don't go to high school to find your husband, you go to high school to find your bridesmades (:
Celebration of the artist le Brocquy as spiritual, noble man
Taylor Gang or be wolverine at an airport terminal.
followed closely by chex mix
oh that drama ..just seen it.. O...M...G... CHARLIE DONT SURF WITH GREAT AMBITION...
Seau, we're told, often was seen headed down to the ocean in the morning to surf...or played his ukelele on the porch with friends. Tragic.
Transforms3, not bad. To much Hollywood in movies.
And 2 hours later I'm finally home! #OMG!
Quiet day at home with my family :-)
No work till Thursday
New sponsors are rockin' our world at #BlogathonATX! Healthy workout *and* healthy water! &
u like her better than mia?
How are you?
“: Remember ladies, the best way a girl can give a hand job is when she uses her mouth.” that's science.
#jackkelly legal advice.
I left #righttoremix feeling some harm in indulging this luxury RT : his luxury is picking at the scabs of a broken system
What keeps me going is all the #inspiration I have out there.
heck yeah! One big happy family. :)
people don't even understand how the world works and where it lies among the cosmos.
amazing photo!
MARRY ME HARRY STYLES
so did you have to make an announcement in the theater or
Thank you! I can't believe...a repeat of 1994 conference finals....
I love this video! Such an inspiration.
I love judicial review to put irrelevance (Feinberg) in their place and marginalize them
Congrats to LaMichael James... Just became Oregon Ducks all-time leading rusher. Every yard from now on is gravy...
Calling all Iowa State students! Meet recruiter today at the Ag Career Day from 10am-2pm in the Great Hall
I got2 hear a lil sounds from ya mixtape but I'm on phone so its slow but I gotta finish listenin your good from what I heard =)
Lol thanks babe ♥
i won because i was accused of drinking and driving not public intoxication
Okay cool?
Truthfully both teams deserve the win. They were the two best teams.
When you remember a bad memory you guys had while you guys are together & it kills the mood....
hahaha he hatched
MERLE HAGGARD - SING ME BACK HOME LYRICS
The president will not stop in WI on taxpayer funded bus tour. You would think he would campaign where last three elections have gone Rep.
Blastoff starts this week Thursday. A free way to save and make a little $ with online shopping. Http://my.blastoffnetwork.com/chadb
your favorite Greek island & where you like to stay on that island?
You're quite welcome!
did you guys go to sleep???
So excited about this years Football Season!
Thanking god for each and everyday
everyone should get some on Saturdays...
- $30 Billion is less than 1% of the tax cuts for the wealthy; We are not getting our priorities straight in country
Still some heavy showers but most lightning now well south DC area Hey May has average 5 days with T'storms
#MenIWantToCoverInChocolate ...? Who comes up with these ideas?!?!
This weekend come see a locally-made feature film. Heavy metal. (Need I say more?) 'Metal Messiah' starts Friday.
Thanks for joining the discussion! Did you find it helpful?
No, tech has made my work more powerful and exciting! Tho I wince when I hear "why do we need libraries if we have google?"
No one can want something bad enough for you to make it happen. For lasting success you have to want it yourself~
<------ he had d most amazing eyes
true true
check out our #blog www.resortbailout.info
You are very welcome.
good! I had Starbucks as my breakfast drink and food before school:D
I'm bringing all the necessary things to work tommorow to make sure I dont get a migrane ! Food ,Water, Migrane pills and icecream money :)
• He's always been one of my favorites, always will be.
Ill drink hot chocolate any season idgaf.
I think I'm behind the times on this one but I'm totally addicted to downton abbey
..Franklain- who has ALREADY implemented the 'giving' by running in the London Marathon today (Sunday)....DONATIONS STILL WELCOME, for...
All 18 Chaminade fans in the crowd are going nuts right now.
lol, your weird
Really? Ffs! I don't watch any of that crap, it's just thrust down my neck on every turn! I'm pitching #ibizauncovered 2012 version
Where can u find the pluggin
With 2012 underway, we're looking forward to #summer when we hope to see you PublishingCourse.What are you looking forward to in 2012?
Do you have a white phone? Maybe you'll get a call on that white phone. No one knows these things.
Lol , k good
i requested #Boyfriend just for you!! (: <3
Appreciate it man!
my computer settings are for "English (UK)" & i'm in US- just realised so everything I'm typing is getting a British correction... funny :)
Thanks! It's good to be working w/ OutQ again, WI is going well! How's things out on the road??
oh i know. I chipped in for the elegant Bieber dog tags:-)
Now thats a great idea!! there must be gigs there for the rest of us… right?
Missing Friday house tea (and house mates)
#Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued. Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I can't take the stress! #Caps RT Rangers tied it w/ PPG with 6.6 seconds left. Ward still in box, double minor. Heading to OT.
respect for the follow. Dig the shit outta what you do. I'd love to work sometime.
My man. On fire. RT : Another possible Nerlens Noel UK shirt: "Fade to Block." You're welcome, #BBN. You're welcome.
Excited for radio panel w/ , , David Krasnow & Julie Snyder.
I love how most of my songs are started by freestyles but ppl say I steal my lyrics? Lol never in your fuckin life get out of here
Life Lesson~ You can't make decisions based on being afraid you're going to make someone mad. Be the courage to follow your heart.
Me, and are going to be soup and crackers for halloween.
Oh k.
What it do?!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you say me and Allstar Weekend aren't dating. YOU'D BE SITTING ON A THROWN OF LIES.
Then they show a Price Fielder bomb and I just shake my head.
bootyfull y u call her dat
Time to make the Donuts: Off to Saratoga,Wilderness Lodge, Contemp,Jambo/Kidani,Movies , & Caribbean Beach. Need a scooter,We got u covered!
I don't think they're gonna derank me for something that's in the game. Stealth Clown over there is too busy doing (c)
Designated drivor for the night, need a ride in south padre hit me up
Going to beach in Santa Cruz <3
PowerOfStory note 5/6: use what you don't show/say
Be patient with everyone, but above all yourself. – St. Francis De Sales
Revenge is one of my fave guilty pleasures of Fall TV
is bringing the big fire to Gallery5 tonight!
They say Taylor was a good girl, never want to be late, complain, express ideas in her brain
Hail, schmail. Just don't go outside.
I don't have that issue since I'm too frugal to ever actually buy anything new.
I'm not sure
greatest show ever
Happy birthday for a special friend to me <3
#FollowFriday Truly Amazing People->
you're going now?
sounds serious. How does that happen?
On my way to #ISOJ in Austin. Looking forward to hearing 100 new ideas this weekend!
Just DL'd 2 Rick Astley songs. Must watch football all day to regain manhood.
the Niall thing...I don't know. But if it is I am down for them b/c they do look cute together.
it looks bad in person but even worse in pictures, haha.
not true
LMFAO this Saturday Get your tickets @ Http://Tickets.slentertain.com & USE PROMO CODE 0317 to receive the $20 discounted tickets!!!
#SometimesIwonder if I should live like there's no tomorrow and put everything I want on a Visa.
you love 1D ???? You should follow
I'm doing the same exact thing
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
pshh you haters are the worst... You will always find something!
supposedly invention of electricity. I'm not sure I have this lil black book that sites alot of african americans as inventors.
our burning ashes
"I know we've both made mistakes, but you could never fail me."
Well, he's not bald; but his hair is way too short! D:
I really love your product! Would love to give a testimonial!
You scarred me. You lied, claimed to be my friend. You left me when I needed a friend. You pass me, smiling like nothing ever happened.
funny we both tweeted moments apart, how are things up the hill? sincerely (your varnum st neighbor)
Those hardcore negative customers, when turned, can become your most ardent supporters. Turn 'em around, or fire 'em. ;)
It's that time again...
Just saw a spot for 'An Evening with Yanni.' I actually struggled thru 'The 30-second commercial with Yanni.' Can't commit to an evening
you just do not win cups with goal tending like this.
All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival. It's two days away. Tell your friends.
Thrilled that will be producing the 2010 Seattle Show! Thank you WD.
FREE show tonight 6pm! That's right, FREE!! Come have a good time with us! See you there.
Thanks Cara! We wish you luck in your new location!
can u tell me what is alli's background? i cant see :D
Any Kind of Bullying is something that affects kids, #youth & adlults..Stand Up To Bullying
New severe T'storm warnings for Dodge Co. until 4:30pm and Jefferson Co. until 4:15pm.
Preparing for my 2 hour, 3 bus adventure to Columbia, MD! This will be quite interesting :)
Excited to say that tomorrow is Pay Day 4 me!!! been too long with out a job, forgot how it feels to cash a check. XD
Im in love with a boy that doesnt know I exist. heyy am I invisible to you?
What a perfect week to have off. Masters Week! Who you got?
After the Pacers game, find me right next door at Coaches playing musics. and on deck as well. Free, 10:30p-3a.
Build your own interactive exhibits! Come by 1436 to learn how.
She's a go getter!
Guys with colored eyes <3 >
There actually were some lady Rat Pack-ers: Katherine Hepburn and Judy Garland were in the Holmby Hills crew. Very cool gals!
Still up..watching movies. Friday needs to hurry up and get here.
emergency brussel sprouts are awesome. I saw on FB that you're taking #hugtour to Hawaii!! Send photos!
Life is so much fun with my Aspie son.
Seriously? RT : KLM now letting you use Facebook profile of fellow passengers to help you pick your seat.
Its Christmas Eve! Hope all who are getting drunk while their parents fall asleep in front of the tv are wearing a Night Owl shirt like me!
The Easter bunny got me chocolate cheddar popcorn from Disney World. I am a #happygirl :)
Took 8 quizzes today!!!
There's something special about Arcata, CA. Thank you Redwood Jazz Alliance and for a great night
Snooki's baby is gonna be hella short ! Poor kid.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Andre Gide
tastes of heaven! Txs!
keep smiling, & one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
at home sick by my self.no fun
better than 0
how am I GRAND
in elementary after gym, the teacher really used to stand by the drinking fountain and count making sure everybody get only 3 seconds!
Members Club at #LSP getting packed.
Bo The Heat :) RT : I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WAS THIS MANY PACER FANS . HM
You scream, I scream, we all scream for Open Data!
Call Me Snapple Cause I Got The Juice.!
#icantstand people who eat with there mouths openn -__-
I'm EGGcited for Easter!!!
Oh, she knows. And that's why she supports babies being killed -- because of her racist hate.
Butter is purring while she's biting me... seems kind of demented.
lmfao oh nick
LOL. ": Talking the finer points of Thor, or maybe the debt ceiling, or maybe thor's take on the debt ceiling......."
I kinda want to live Tweet this convo. "Majority of American guys don't know how to dance."
hey Jenny, great job on keeping up with the hs beat,do you know if anybody will be streaming the hightower/pearland game?
The REALLY cold wx will ship out of your area by the weekend, but it will stay pretty chilly through the foreseeable future.
Hi Brandon, I just sent you a DM with the link to the PDF of my 5-10-15 plan. Let me know if I can help you with anything else!
WMYB comes on the radio and my mom and I just start rocking out. ahahaha x
oh no! Mary will be leaving around 12 to go out of town! she would hate to miss the sweet opportunity!
how are you doing GyroGirl2?
was it awesome??!!! What did it look like?
#Top100Lies "I love you"
That really hurt me
My 78yo grandfather called to tell me he had downloaded Chrome and ask if I was proud.
- awesome - we'll see you then! Let us know if you have any questions!
#Bestie, I miss you:-) Tomorrow hit me up, i def need some advice from you. shoot me an email please frederick_woods2000
Pacific Urban Sources Off-Market Apartment Transaction
RT : We don't need another indie press. We need another 10000 indie presses. With Echo Park Books, just 9999 to go.
TGIF!!!! Getting closer to our Yankees!!!!
FYI, changed my twitter name :) Can't wait to see you this wknd!
Live band karaoke TONIGHT at Alex's in Long Beach!! Get there early to make sure you get the song you want!
wow, I wish I could have been there! Thanks to your tweets I'm getting a taste of what I missed.
Headed to #Naples this week. Any suggestions? It's my #sofla deadzone.
It's an employer's market. This is a great example of showing you have skills, as opposed to just saying you do.
yeah, I saw your posts about it. Looked like a lot of fun. I need to go back to NY someday. Such an awesome place!
I miss u
great point. Debates like these degenerate into an echo chamber that causes many, like myself, to disengage from the conversation.
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
#RIPMCA RIP Adam... Thanks for all the great childhood memories growing up listening to your music... A true legend... God Bless...
Having fun planning BlueberryStell.TV "What I Did for Love" shoot! What did U do for liove? Willing to go public?! :-D
yeah I have no idea...i don't even remember where it was...north of n 1st right?
part three is posted! look in my favs for my story! going to write part 4 then go to bed!
Terrence Jones is the 30th player in school history to have at least 600 career rebounds.
lil freshman bout to get thrown in the trash
Looking forward to Thursday!
lol your welcome
OMG OMG OMG OMG U SO LUCKY. i honestly dont even care if i get the iphone or not any more cause im barely on my phone
Well this weekend was a list weekend in the yard. Now this busy week just got crazy. Gotta go.
Bring it on kathy
Almost recovered from epic RBMS/ALA conference week. Vague memories of great conversations and new ideas emerging from the jetlag fog...
Sitting in on a session at #ciscogsf through telepresence - really cool...enormous potential impacts for government.
So excited for this weekend!
Bruce Jenner
listening to and trying to falling asleep. Probably not helping if I'm on twitter
Me, too! It's hard for me to focus on audio books and get the story.
Big announcement later today. Well have a limited edition release Saturday.
jus, had an encounter with a giant bee creature, and made, really funny nosie, kinda wish someone heard it!
Due to a severe snow storm, Charles River Apparel will be closed today (Wednesday 1/12/11).
Man im bored some one Dm me
Feeling real good right now. Thanks to michelle of kissable lips cosmetics and her tips on exfoliation. No homo.
"Better down the road without that load"
Me and think that you need to come up with a more creative twitter name.
How bout this Friday?
made out with a bottle of claret tonight... gotta say it was a good day!!
Happy Valentine's Day! How will you spend the day with your special girl?
Q: do you like school? A: ehhhh..
Two more hrs!
Man, if they cut out those scenes that would suck. I suppose it couldn't be as good anyway, if they didn't cast you again..
Haven't had enough basketball lately? Us either! Reply with #BeMilwaukee to get you and your friend FREE tickets to the game on 3/27!
★Just wanted to pop by and say hi to my favorite Chocolate! ♥
Ken Green: No one said word processing would improve your writing. Awesome! Tools are tools . No magic. Focus on smart use of tools
SD County library system has over 300 copies of Hunger Games in circulation. But I still got mine on Amazon.
Laurie Fine is trying to restore her "good name". GL
Raise your expectations of all software.
I have no idea what the FYBL is, but I love it already.
damn straight
amazeballs. However, I can't say that i really have a practical application for noise of any color, fast or slow.
sorry office cafeteria but if something contains both the words "cream sauce" and "bow tie pasta" it cannot be the healthy option
me encanta la idea
hahahha ok ok cool :P and no lol you're saving me for boredom (: how was your day??
I feel ya there
Sox could/should have won both of Santiago's blown saves. Also, they blew another winnable game in the O's series.
So far with the exception of luck, all the picks have kids, so young to have little ones. At least these kids won't struggle financially!
Today 1976: An ice storm coated southern Wisconsin with 4 inches of ice, causing more than $50 million worth of damage.
Monday Monterey Chicken. Grilled chicken breast on rice and topped with ZUZU green sauce. Only while they last!!
Yo thanks for the love! Peace
When your phone decides it's going to completely ignore what you told it to do.
Sounds interesting. Can't wait to see it.
Too Groovy Salon is the leading salon in Atlanta for flat ironing natural hair.
can u get on oovoo?
need this W tomorrow
LitFuse - we are cranking out some sweet Flash work for the latest release of Born Magazine!
I bough X-Men first Class on Blu-Ray and watched it once. Tried a second time and shut it off. Batman Begins/Drk Knight. I can watch all Day
sounds like a lot of fun (and calories) xox
Glad my wait wasnt in vain
US Soccer on in the office... These uni's are pretty bad.
Madison voter turnout was 22% Tuesday. Higher than in 2007 (17%) and lower than in 2003 (26%) -- the most recent years for mayor primaries.
Nice to see rounding into form as the #wjc approaches...
could the hotel guy have fit one more "doggie entendre" on there? Lol
“: i need a thug in my life lol” thuggish ruggish bone!!!
good morning
I CAN'T READ THAT SHIT!
for sure, racing is all i love to do
Major project brewing next week? We want to help
If your looking for a #NETFLIX film to watch! Watch Middle Men it is a fictional cautionary tale about the start of the adult biz!
Your flaws make you perfect<3
Kloppenberg back on top. CRAP.
Marathon next month in DC and then my charity event in August.
If u twit a lot u re a twitrat. If u facebuk a lot u re a facerat. If u bbm a lot u re a berryrat. If u re adicted 2 all u re a social-rat.
We love Bethenny! Come on:) RT - as a NYC transplant, I can attest that if you want a great breakfast head to
When I reach 1000 followers the winner who has gave me the most shoutouts will get a Play-On bracelet from me :)
Hey Paul, thank you for the follow! Didn't I just audition for you a couple of months ago :)
Carlos Beltran doig his best Josh Hamilton impersonation. Has gone yard in first two ABs today. The second was a grand salami.
awesome! Gotta love #d&g
Relish won the boat race...
blessings to you Gloria, your voice always brightens my day!
About to go downtown and enjoy this weather!
oh yankee loss
Another day, another doctor.
I can dig it.
aye lady wassup
I need to set up some photo shoots to.
I'm following back ALL lawlorffs! So PLEASE follow and RT? :)
how was LA tho?
I like the way you think. This is a good idea too.
Does anyone remember Robert Benchley, actor, writer, Algonquin Hotel roundtable raconteur?
Memorable day advocating for Massachusetts with other business people at the White House. Governor Patrick joined us at the end of the day.
It's another day against the voices.
John Glenn, the mission lasted approx 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 23 seconds.
For me to tell u "I love you"
will UK be able to practice in the super dome during the sec tourney?
The irony of a costume fitting: I've tried on about 25 fab Madewell outfits, yet the director chooses the cheapo Forever 21 I came in! :)
Rihanna tour includes Cee-lo Green and J.Cole comes to LA Staple Center June 28th and 29th! Go get it!
Need Town Car Service? All it requires is a phone call ***** 303-591-7102 *****
True Born Records i
“: Almost to 17K for tweets.... I have no life” I agree with that
Just tapped Anthem Organic Apple Cider.
And the day takes a huge upturn towards the very end. Let's go
We are sad to announce Saturday's show in Chillicothe has been canceled and will not be rescheduled for the foreseeable future.
Loving all the great pics from tour - keep 'em coming, you lucky ducks ;)
I'm going to sleep now.. 💤
Don't be an Extra in the Movie you call your Life!!!
When you breathe, you inspire. When you do not breathe, you expire. (If you think about it, this one holds a deep philosophical truth).
Rubblebucket, Sister Sparrow &amp; The Dirty Birds, Trixie Whitley, Robert Ellis, We Are Augustines and More Confirmed for ...
did you get the DM invite to Monday's event? Hope you can come!
"Daddy's Bussy." I always cry with this Shit :c
i have an OPI Gel Nail Kit at home...
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYSPIKEYMIKEY happy birthday ! hope you gave a great birthday! love you<3
thank you so much. :)
definitely check us out for PPM!
that's okay ;|
idk I'm trying to figure tht out 2
So tierd I have another meet tomorrow and the next day
Yes, they have some great tips there.
I wonder where I'm watching the super bowl this year.
Curb Center's Dr. Elizabeth Long Lingo Speaks on Creative Campus, Belcourt Theatre at 11:30
Awww! You guys are so amazing! Thank you for the TT!! Made my day! I love you guys :)
They also asked for dressing on the side.
How is everyone's morning going? What's for breakfast?
if a YouTube user is not partnered but one of their videos goes viral, they do not see any money from it. Correct?
lol nah not really most ppl lyke lil b
It feels good when you doing positive things in your life
During the Apprentice finale, the Donald will announce his Presidential intentions. Until then, lets see who gets the boot tonite!!!
Happy Thanksgiving! Happy Birthday big bro, love ya!
RT : SIN CITY DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
and now live #ThrowbackThursdays on
hhheeeeeeyyyyyyy, have you heard of texting? No, didn't think so.
Memphis needs to find a way to get Andre Miller in the offseason. He would be huge for the 2nd unit
Omg i hate this
I am cheering for #BobcatNation over #Tarheels on
oh yeah! bringin' the heat!
If it was slowpitch softball we would pull the illegal Mikens out of the bag and start our comeback. Unfortunately it's not, and they can't.
yup, the 23rd.
Boy: talk dirty hunny, Girl: Imma ride this shit! Imma fart in ur mouth! Oh ya! Imma shit on these walls...! Boy: um...
It hurts when someone special gets taken away...
Thank you for joining us the other night, , it is always a pleasure!
sarcastic pun
Yes, I care about you. I also want to have sex with you.
Thanks for making a featured event. This is a GREAT event for children. Those under 12 get in free!
appreciate the follow ms lady, i see u
Anytime looks forward to working w/ again on future projects!
I just applied for a job by sending my a link to my work on fb. I miss my laptop :(
I need to find a nice cheap bass rig. Fuck man!
LET'S DO IT LIVE!
u know me... i dont know how to stick with one thing.... smh thats my issue man
one day you will embrace my constant need to hug you...Maybe not anytime in the near future but I can dream lol :)
Got to see win #Game7 thanks to my girl Thanks for the suggestions Missy!
- Waitin for & to make RnB worth lisnin to again #Talent :)
I see how it is haha!
Damn you Pam!!! RT : I may have nightmares.
lol you will be just fine! :)
Is Hines Ward a hall of farmer? I Say yes.
just start humming the Chariots of Fire theme song... it'll get you there quicker
understand the context of the job each of our students have to do at school
to press “yeah” or “neigh” based on the majority will of the people who put them in office.
OH MY GOD BECKY, LOOK AT HER BUTT.  - thought i'd sing for you, like you always do. lol.
I might just beat someone's ass this week.
What a magical night we had in Ferndale last night ! Thank You for all the love and support !
At a table labeled "for bloggers and tweeters" at #mla12 for presidential address. Is there a minimum tpm I have to maintain to stay here?
welcome to the block. excited to meet you tomorrow! -your neighbor from 7th & C
It feels weird talkin to him I'm about to hang up lol
Sounds like just the right way to start off the weekend Michelle! I'd gladly volunteer to provide whatever assistance I can! :)
RT : K-Mart goes to locker room to get IV. He was sick this morning and missed shootaround. Return TBD at halftime.
#nye RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... & at PEPPER
I am so over this moving thing.
Ugh...Logos quiz game, level 5. Thanks :(
I don't have enemies, I mean there's people I don't like but they don't know I don't like them.
Externally applied castor has hundreds of physical therapeutic uses. We offer Caster Oil Training and Therapy.
Who's in MIA tonight?
no, he will play somewhere else. Its all about money.
#ows police taking occupants on public bus #human rights m17
The moment when you walk into a spider web and magically become a Karate master.
my brother's baby turtle is so cute! i wish i could cuddle with it
Narcissism comes in many forms.
I want to go to Reggie's workout but the couch will not let me from its grasp.
As a dog returns to his vomit, so a fool repeats his folly.~~~Proverbs 31
hahaha sounds like a plan! Give me a holla when you get in town
1 in 6 going hungry in America! Not on my watch.
Try your best to get everything in writing... You'll thank me later
How is it going for you? Let us know if you need any help. Our website has a ton of scholarships.
And today i just got my northface!! :D, yesterday went to a party sparked it up with friends, and now I'm happy best weekend ever
Our show at with is Friday at 8PM. We have a few tickets left, just send us a message or mention.
greeeaat the A schedule is out -- I'm presenting on WEDNESDAY and SUNDAY. 0.o
what a fine choice you've made. Dinner all day and night!!!!
same weekend as electric forest but a lot cheaper. we're camping all wknd so you should prob just come
yeah visit us!!
Awesome! Have 2 at home.
Yeah i do also. Lets go to one there ? Up to much this weekend ? X
“: ": I really hope that sees 's tweet that she just sent...." #TooLate”
Have the best broskie in my life #handsdown wouldn't replace none of them. Representing P.H.A.N Crew
babys bon iver. I want to play the piano!
I was just thinking the other day that if I raise kids in the city, they won't know what a mall is. decided it was a good thing.
just got home ive have lost a good friend of mine rip whitney houston
> Chuck Norris
put him out of the house and dismissed the secret service. Then call the producers of SNAPPED to record a new episode.
Why do I get so many followers when you RT me? too popular.
headed to cline line
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
The worst part is behind me.
We’re excited to see new followers interested in the “Dead Sea Scrolls & the Bible” exhibition coming in July. Please RT & share!
Let's Go Mike Vick
is sexy ass hell...but y all those damn tattoos? thats a overload!
thx for following me!!!
Just lost all My fucking contacts...
Hahaha , you swear ...
Can't wait!! “: Just watched first cuts of our studio videos! Trying to finish them soon so we can share them with you all!!!”
oh shit.. They got a Miss Black MSU now?
U NEVER KNOW KATIE! it might be different next year
the joe is crazy with Detroit pride.tonight!! Loud as hell, 5 minutes left, Red Wings 5 - Calgary 3 ... LETS GO WINGS!!!!
doing good and reporting wireless tech for I will do a story on the LBJ Library's mobile strategy soon!
Underpants? Commissioned! But hurry - checkbook closing soon
At lexis house..
Got tons of money for my birthday, man I'm so thankful.
no doubt unk. I had to breath in
I don't think I can.
Good question. Also eager to know how analytics weight RT versus favorites. Which influences more?
hear I am talkin aboout the beach, and u r livin it up.... lucky u
Thanks for sharing our article about the Milwaukee Museum Mile!
I am new to all this. Know anyone I can RP with?
Great! And yours?(;
Hey Brian! How's your evening?
I think about it every second during 6foot san diego.... (converted to hawaiian: 3ft, Jersey: 25 ft.)
I'm sure someone at Cobra can take care of you. cc:
Tonight.....530 to 830....mention this tweet and buy one get one free any frappe!!!!!!
Define your own road in life instead of traveling down someone else's
What is the exact location of the mayor's 10 am presser tomorrow? In front of City Hall?
your my inspiration:) please follow me:)
I highly doubt that..
I wanna go back to sleep so bad
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
- interesting collaborations between #lifesciences pros and #engineers - cross-pollination of ideas like #lean and
Hey lady. Hope the session is going well.
The fml moment when u finally realize that u turned ur alarm off and now u are running late.... FML :O
Hey. What was the name of that new frozen yogurt place near Alterra????
follow me back zebra lol
Resend it. It was the one you said I wouldn't like
Meeting new people is the best. Just met a guy who wants to partner up on some dev projects.
Got back in from GA around 8pm and now im back on the grind! Who's up working right now?
is this a new band?? or que pasa?
"it is foolish to reject criticism. In order to improve, we need to know what is lacking."
So there are 44 Brittney Collins in the U.S. ...
“: GG to , one of the best.” yup, gg Christian!
The Kevin Durant and Doodle Jump commercial is awesome. Good job Sprint.
Now, now! No need for cheatin', Jerry. Tiffany is ADORABLE! She'll get there fast. ;)
You like dating easy girls? Why not just stick your Dick in a bee hive and save yourself the trouble?
RT Heard you're being auctioned off tonight Sorry I've been MIA
Aw Lil Mama has a crush on Ian like me c:
How are they going to make that movie? I mean, rated R? Dunno.
Best I Ever Had by Drake <3.<3 #GoodSong :)
I am disturbed to see the growing stream. 1962 all over again?
Hey girl! Question. Are you writing up that schedule for blog posts and such? Or should I go ahead with that?
just dip ragin' in the hotel room
In complete #Shock!! Just found out a dear friend, Sylviane Lozada, is #Missing!! Husband & 5 year old daughter have fled to Venezuela! :'(
Exam time
is on the Bus to Beelzebub.
It would not be appropriate to wear a shirt at breakfast this morning.
It's a beautiful day for #MakingStrides! I'll be hanging out at the 72nd St. Bandshell in CentralPark - Stop by and say hello!
RT ' new freshmen representative is now on Twitter with a perhaps less than super-well-aging name: / <3
Proud member of The Workshop Theater Company. Support our "Coldsnaps" (one act plays). Great job actors!
I would rather listen to A Day To Remember then my mom's boring iPod. -_-
I know why you beat the rap Some day you'll be crawling back, crawling You'll be crawling back to me, yeah
If not structured properly, you could definitely have span of leadership issues - depending on your org.
Today wasn't as good as I thought it would be
Coffee with - yes!
You're welcome , and nice to meet you too. Sure thing sounds good!
"it was a portkey. We don't know why we're here." went Harry potter on it. Can't stop laughing.
unless they are a comic book or graphic novel publisher, they are making a huge mistake.
Crazy busy day... Looking forward to no plans & wine on the back deck tonight :)
step1. of zebra #cake #annihilation #frosting #consumption step2. eat the #cake #begin !!!!!
Fine. I'll watch DOWNTON ABBEY. Can we stop talking about it now?
RT : Hosting a tweet up at Marquette tonight. Focus will be on covering urban news.
Am off to Louisville tomorrow for the tour launch. They'll be in #Indy on Weds Feb 22.
love that beer.
All right people lets turn this mutha out! Happy freaking new year! #making2012myb%$&h
Bottoms up!
Ima give it a chance I don't think it'll be bad foreal
I'm looking forward to getting more exercise for sure.
yes I'm still alive :-) I just don't know what to do, I'm torn up and I don't know what to believe
so cute!
Not so fast, you still need a leather jacket, then you will receive the title!
kk go step on a lego mom cause you dont wanna give me money for the concert
< I almost told u sumthin partna!
Afterparty time! Celebrating all of the awardees
I have school tomorrow, great:)
Cole cut off by the Be-A-Star ad. Priceless
tell us a joke.
looking at mavminivault
Yep! I can't believe Marvel put him in.
Lots of GOPers deserve some credit for bailout - Bush, Carlos Guitterez, even John Engler. Mitt's not among them.
Stop thinking about stupid shit, put on some call me maybe and just let the sweet melody lull you to sleep
Double checking the recycling pickup days in my new BK 'hood. Their website is pretty good! Check yours, lower right: www.nyc.gov/sanitation
Check it out check it out check it out check out -- check this mutha fucka out !!
Why are you posting mean q's about yourself? Ur not cocky or a whore, just love yourself!
#nowplaying Gemini bluee.. Love days off.. gettin pumped for Pure tonight --
Great thought!!!! RT : Lead a life that matters, by focusing on improving the life of others
That's the game...
#nercomp12 also using cam studio and windows producer at Bronx CC
You know you're getting old when u become visibly upset at the per pound price of fruits and vegetables
All I can say is thank you.. For everything you've done .
Nobody likes a potty mouth.
Heck Yes, but he has to take to out for wings at Schydes,
ok I'm going to check it out!!! Thankx
Musicians songwrites stop waisting time it's not just a website It's a Family come Be apart of not a part from oppertunity
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
But so wat who cares
cool beans :b
So , both? MT: : Elysian Split Shot Espresso Milk Stout just rolled through the door. The official Seattle Beer Week Beer
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one now
how about them ROCKIES!!!!!!
Summer is right around the corner! A quick reminder that Nokero is a great lighting option for camping and backpacking adventures.
Have you sent in your submissions for the ATEC/EMAC showcase this year? Deadline is tomorrow!
First Tweet, EVER. Time to follow a bunch of people. I'll follow anyone who follows me! :)
i can't see it </3
Thank you for your kind words!
A big thank you to for debuting "Pass Away" during his show today on ! See Pomegranates at
Sports nation is the Shizuoka! Live at the superbowl baby! Michelle beadle Rockne the Madona look sexy!
“: I am trying to tell you! Getting on the bus with those big ole trumpet cases lmao.” hahahah yes! Memories!
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying when girls drink one sip of liquor and they act super drunk -___- #FakeGirls! >.<
you're an aquarius? me too [: !
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo. Sunset Regional Championship. Should be a good one.
Damn Ty Lawson balling in those LBJs
Excited. And tell your mom ICONiacz said Happy Mothers Day💐❤
I can't find the search on the website..HELP!!!!
Spending the weekend for #thatcampsf 2011!
aw thanks so much <3 .
Lmao. All night. (; RT : you know if you werent yourself and you were somebody else you'd tap that ;)
Jose, you are doing the same thing where you think LeBon has some mythical power to do everything no matter what.
haha! it's best when you do the whiplash-speed pull away from the mic when that happens. why is it so surprising?!
isn't that a movie? Xx
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. -William Blake
Bailey's Grand Opening Tuesday, September 15th- Park Lane
I won the second rounnd! Yesssiirrrrr.
thanks for all the support!
Very close to getting our new guitar player!
RT Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
i wish i looked good in dresses...
Ambulances are out in affect smh
Your breasts are NOT mediocre! Where's that self confidence? haha ;)
And being brand new I will begin a life that should have always been mine anyways. Angel
someone with a job who was getting breakfast afterwards?
your tweets are so cute <3 them but would give anything just be followed by amazing u but u never notice me makes me cry :( <3
How you like the #Buffs we're making a run?!?!?!
Sites who take responsibility for curating readers' comments have more
"Education is for everyone" says John Glenn.
I was struggling with my .htaccess file and I accidentally typed a ? instead of a $. Whadyaknow, it worked.
He better NOT replace JEFFREY JONES
Making that money $$$
It's totally addictive!
Thanks for following Mike! It seems #TrainFirstChillLater is your motto as well!
you blow my mind away, I LOVE YOU! <3
Ha no, I don't think so - funny way to end a week! Have a good weekend.
ha no 2-4-1 specials at the moment. I'll keep ya posted.
is it possible to switch which Monday workshop we are attending?
Just found a Dutch Rock comp from 1999. This is either going to be the best or worst album I've heard in a while.
Opening Night. Finally!
Selena and Justin were just adorable yesterday at the AMA's <3
Thanks, folks! "See" you in 8 days!
Well, aren't you sweet. Thanks! I was just laughing over here because I think we retweeted each other at the exact same time.
Shoulda hopped in Saturday when I was there
Even if our mission sounds big, it starts small — with the relationship between two people -MZuckerberg
Being friendly is seen as an invitation. RT: : 1/7 women who experienced sexual harassment @ work is by clientcustomer
if you have any photos of your party at Orange Groves Villa, please upload them to the guest photos album
britney forever.
you guys need to stop enabling & baking! BAKE SOME VEGETABLES :P
We want to interact with YOU during the #prettyprogressive show! Questions, comments and/or concerns please call in at 713.652.5080.
In vegas wats to do
Hey. Tied up!
Great night looking forward to the next
If you’re a current DirecTV subscriber, we urge you to call 800-KEEPFOX (800-533-7369) toll free, and tell DirecTV you want us back.
Gantner hits a drive to RIGHT! HEY, GET UP! Get outta here GONE! A 2-run homer for Jimmy Gantner, and the Brewers lead 10-7!
...being open to NEW EXPERIENCES is NOT enough!!! Sometimes you have to "SEEK THEM OUT!!!!" #STAYCURIOUS ;-)
The fact that I have stretch marks at the age of 17 scares me....
pick us up foolie
Definitely! One of the best films of the 80s, especially as a travel fiend. They're always shot in amazing locations.
Are you kidding, ? 50K should be quarter-life for an Right, , , ?
Thanks for the follow!
good morning
Call me
Phillies final record?
Roamed around the largest market in central America w/Oscar & Interviewed prostitutes at their booths.
I would love an autographed photo of Where can I go and get one?
wow my mama too petty for blasting "kiss kiss" by at this time
Our peonies are just about to bloom. The flowers you brought the other day are still going strong. Thanks so much.
I think its big man! I think they need a hot start with having a new manager and no pujhols!!
I love your blog (: I've just now followed you! Great graphics, btw!
There will be substantial revising going on today, but first I must dispatch this heap of zucchini
At mayfair. Its been a min.
All Color, NO By products! EveryDay Beauty! Permanent Makeup is a natural choice! December Appts. SAVE $100. on procedures! Book Now!
who wants to play Xbox live???? hit me up xspooky18 is my gamer tag...lose your money if you want too..
Thank goodness for the mute button - The Star Sydney #fail TVC
Me and my JR in here watchin classic boxing on OnDemand...Tyson '86
I want to be a bedding burrito and stay cozy in my bed this morning. Rain=sleepies
Less Prompt more Coda!
lol its hard for me not to RT : What's yall favorite song of the week? ... n don't tweet me links to your own music
learned something new about myself. I got an email letting me know there are other Indian Americans looking for "hookups." Oh.
Today's museum experience has been snatched by an enthusiastic old lady...
Have the song "Last Friday Night" stuck in my head....I think I know what having cancer feels like
LIRR to NJT to shuttle to EWR to DET to CMH and, finally, HOME! Hooray!
Obamacare is here to stay. Too many people will suffer if it is overturned. I hope this message gets to The Supreme 9.
BTW, are you rooming with Martha again?
Almost been double headers all year long
oh I wasn't
will be happy to! Thanks Gina!
hi! Very glad to find you on Twitter! I talked about your blog last week at a workshop on feminist parenting.
R U Fuking Kidding Me?? #Seriously!
#nofilter.. But you've got on full makeup and fake eyelashes. Oh ok 👍😂 stop it
Wait, hold on, there's a Tuba City, AZ?
I know why!! This isn't just a regular Wednesday!
Thank god Wiltjer is staying. I was so nervous.
Signed and left a comment
I had yours too
Muscle over import. #Retweet if you agree
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Interesting commentary from MKE's own about the growing importance of Latin America in global economics....
That means I get to see what might be my favorite movie, Boogie Nights, in 35 mm again. Always great when that opportunity comes along!
Thanks for the RT! Great seeing you today
They gave me the disk that I could view on my computer...but doc will call with guidance. It took a long time because mine had...
Apparently it's a Deftones kind of morning.
first impressions are good, but second chances are better.
Only time will tell, that goes for everything.
How do you type in slang lol
You learn something every day if you pay attention. ~Ray LeBlond
Honoring drum, quiet lama, for meditating across the northern hemisphere on your pilgrimage to help heal the world, one breath at a time.
Thursday night= freshman buying overpriced chasers at the cstore. i mean, finals aren't til next week, right?
where at creep? lol RT : I seen you today. lol
Is it too much to ask that I get white girl wasted every spare second I have for the rest of my senior year??...I think not.
And... I know... 'this is crazy. this is crazy. this is crazy.'... but... Vacation was GREAT Chase movie as well!
Seriously ALL of memorials at this nail place!
Damn bro, like that? RT : "I wanna make that pussy pop like a nail to a balloon"
I would happily host a retelling party at my place.
I wanna eat too. I like food
Night to all my followers
Really feeling the hot new ginger playing Wendy for tv commercials. Sexy. Yum. Burp. W
Coples...I love the pick, on paper lol
March/April Horn Book Magazine Starred Reviews
hit me up later!
It's like Summer! & Anthony loves Summer!
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cities!
Not true: "If you buy 50 tickets, you've equalized your chances of winning the jackpot with getting struck by lightning."
i love my kicks n shit but i aint gettin no cake shaped like a shoe b
it's Mighty Mike, not Max. :)
and whats black hat tactics? sorry
412 followers at the moment. 412.
I love hahaha y'all are the best.
In honoring Mother's Day this month. I will be tweeting words that celebrate the beauty and joy of motherhood! #momisalwaysright!
Shiny new toy. Like '10 & '11
Bubby Is Hurt.
Likewise man!
Can't hate on anyone doing they thang . #MuchLove2Ya keep pursuing !
dont need to pick up no phone. i know what's going on without say...
I was teasing but thanks for the advice. BTW, you might want to drop the pretentious prose. Simplify, Ernest. Simplify.
The Houston Rockets are hosting New Orleans Hornets tonight at the Toyota Center - TX. Get the game tickets by calling us at: 888-493-0004
lmao while God let me carry around a six-pack i aint gonna put my shirt on..cuando tu quieras let me know to see if we do something
Your tears are as fake as your personality, but I can play pretend too. ;)
Thanks for visiting us @ NW22nd yesterday! What did you have?
its ok thank u. It looks so good and it is huge lol :)
"Improved computer system" does not compute. I'm not sure that statement is even logical.
Go girl! RT : For every RT this gets, I'm going to donate 10¢ to an animal shelter.♥
SOME BOOBIESS (I used to know)
She's a man ;) good times
Please RT Keep $30 mil for #literacy and school #libraries in this year's federal funding!
i know!!
aha!! just the thing!! i need some rosaries though from Spain while here :)) xoxo
How big are the original images you're trying to process? That would have a lot to do with it.
I like her name!!! ": Kristen from earns thousands a month & has 11000 daily visitors on blog. #wapfconf"
just got back from poco
Sam. Roadtrip to you guys soon. Miss you, Heavy D, Stevie V, JJ Carter, Megan, Spoony, Prat...
hope your recovery is progressing apace!
Thanks! Hope your foot heals quickly!
Thanks to for putting together an amazing summit! Over 200 Investors and 25 Companies lead by world class talent.
I predicted this. Wildly obvious perhaps. “: BREAKING: Gary Neville signs four-year contract with the Football Association”
I don't! How much is it? I can buy episodes on Amazon, but they're $2 each. That's a lot! I LOVE the show. I just need to
Complete wipe and reboot of my DX last might. Bought , minor tweaks thru-out...in luv again.
starting on a book proposal with illustrations
Don't forget to follow for updates and giveaways on LA's first mobile-only hackathon
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Oh, I won't switch on the MLB package until late Summer.
-- dripping plates of food drawn straight from the city’s recombinant DNA -- Smithsonian Magazine. Just 1 reason why I love him.
Thnx! Right back at ya!
#wcphilly #day2 : Features are usually slated for a release. We are currently in feature freeze for beta 3.3, so now the focus is on …
Me, kimball, and eunice all rode the hamster ball.
it don't feel rite not talking to u
you hurt my feelings, so I figured this shit out myself.
but I really like Tiger's pants
im at work lol just tweeting , wat about you ? why you woke
Can't wait for the weekend
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 33
Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125-yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues
corporate headquarters.
No internet yet...could not follow back my followers until internet is set up!
Chuck norris means action chuck norris means inflicting pain chuck norris means awsome haha
Learned some cool new techniques for helping world history students work w/ primary sources from Erik Vincent. Great teacher!
Well another year has come and gone and I am now another year older! But am I another year wiser?? Not likely... lol
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
Fuck u Luke.Scott
haha yes its so fun studying (:
as a fellow Vandy alum, I would love to collaborate sometime in the next year or two! LOVED your concert at Blair...
Happy Birthday :)
thanks for the follow, returning the favor, looking forward to your tweets.
Contact your representatives in senate and the house. Stop #SOPA Stop
Thanks for the retweet!
If you don't have Bunco tonight, be sure to head out to for All Night Happy Hour with Mr. ! Guest list 916-295-0720.
Rock on Speed Racer! How have you been?
COMMUTE ALERT! Sink hole on the off-ramp to Taylor from E-8..ramp closed till further notice - should be a back-up by 6:30 AM at the latest
Read about everyday life in Yonkers, NY from 1829 thru 1895 as told by Jacob Read in 1895 www.VictorianSource.com
Where the hell is #levilowrey. Wonder if he's ever been to the Washington Monument?
Feel good for Romeo Crennel.
Why do you talk loudly on your phone right outside your apartment? Isn't that what right inside your apartment is for?
how about that last presentation at Ignite? They didn't even give you an opportunity for a rebuttal.
Happy April Fools Day!
I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react.
Not to eaves drop but...CINCINNATI is SO excited! Loved The Way!
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Everyone that talks shit about songs & say its only about love can stfu bc #TurnToYou is amazing!
lol no thanks
VICTORIOUS IS ON!SOMEONE GET ME OUT OF THIS PISSY AIRPLANE!
There's like 11 of us watching the great TV auction and drinking every time there's a bird. Winning.
I hear you girl. Let's take a little Vick money & get a good bottle of wine, nice dinner, & talk about charity work for dogs.
no wonder I enjoyed the destruction so much. ;)
dang! I will be more careful next time. Glad you're in the loop, Dan.
no worries, keep up the good werk
yea that was a funny kid! maybe hes and alien from outerspace!!! ;)
headline in Hastings paper: "Police report preview: 'Scruffy white guy' wearing purple gloves, a BAC of .339 and smashed potatoes." lol
Just finished mw3 campaign in one sitting lol!!
(Princeton) www.artistsandbrands.com
Its not that those guys are nottrying to lose weight or haven't tried most of the tricks and tips of weight loss
DONT GIVE ME AMMO!!!!!!
you should have said thank you! lol.
The most exhausting thing in the world is to try to be someone you are not. Relax and be who God made you to be.
Sounds like a plan.
Morning all.
Shana Love is a true ass #BITCH real shit, nobody fucks with her cuz she's a lame ass bitch
had dreams of david tennant and creepy blinky statues...great times :)
Across all income levels black men dropped far behind black women professionally & educationally; women w/ college degrees outnumber men 2-1
When your pizza tastes like Bagel Bites
I tried to show u that shit when we were dating, and u were like that shits stupid. Lol
I've found this to be the absolute most important tool
Herodotus said some 3,000 years ago: "all is flux, only change is changeless,"
can you clarify?
Prof. Cudjoe has the floor
On the fence about 's take on the word "jazz," but I think we can all agree that using "jazzy" should be a capital offense.
seriously! That's crazy
This is me, this you, what the problem? ha?.
Did u catch the preso link? Missed it at the beginning. Thanks
sleep forever.
This music reminds me of the islands.. the ocean and sun, ahh I wanna go back
Yay! RT : Breakfast was outstanding the Hot Mess was awesome as always! #weekend more fun to come/continue
Hot Rod
Oh man.... Seriously, people get way too worked up about the dumbest things.
What do you feed the dog when you run out of dog food? We opted for half a bagel and cream cheese. Covers 2 food groups, no?
So my friend is letting me borrow her bass! :) What should I learn while I have it?
#IfOnlyICould be there with you
finished THE SONG OF ACHILLES by SO GOOD!
Ramon Santiago met his wife while working at Donuts Delite, says donut shop founder's grandson who owns Mercury Posters
I am a dungeon dragon!
yeah it is due Tuesday
“: IM ROCKING WITH LAWLESS INC ”
- I've unlocked some weird ones like "alcoholic" badge, "pedophile" badge. Hey, gotta play to win!
I can't wait to get home
in the day we bought a couch for the room in EllicottHall.It has returned to be worn by RoyWilliams today
Just finished 1st mvmt of a new work for Fabio Gallucci and Antonio Pilato, based on some Lorca texts, for their next CD, out in 2012.
