comments that youtubers put up can be really entertaining to read.
I guess there's nothing wrong with it though. Hah.
Lolol and one of'em is standing right next to meh right nao...:O
I remember those days, I would go out untill 4AM them have to wake up at 6ish with my son. So I get it, ttyl
: well, he overturned police cars, the hooligan.
RT : Oh, you tweet about it being 11:11. Your wish will definitely come true.
Hustling is my boyfriend failure is my ex- music is my life and im fuckin the hell outta success!!!!!..RT!
It's pretty easy to set up an Elastic IP address for your instance and point your domain to that. Plus it's all free for a year.
We're on for 2pm at the intersection of Western Ave and Wisconsin Ave!
Yepp! =) I plan on makin a youtube soon
This game is a nail-bitter!!
I'm onstage around 2:20 for "Celebration of Cultures" tomorrow.
Am so happy that Holly Hanna - theworkathomewoman.com and I are connected;we'll be on the phone with each other on Friday, after my show!
going for a run be back later <3
I considered him a draft day steal at or below his ADP in a few leagues ... so far, so good!
Out of curiosity, what is an Apple-based pickup line?
is amazing! They just saved the day for
Lazy morning. Just ate. Almost ready for my morning poop. X
BREAKING NEWS : RT : Report of an Vancouver armed robbery @ Northeast 17th Ave. in Vancouver. 2 suspects sought. No injuries.
We are only 10 days away from filming the reality TV show at Pickle Park!! DECEMBER 17TH @ Pickle Park in Fridley, MN
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Fall Arts & Crafts fair this weekend! Huge crowds and great fun :-)
is your heart taken? is there somebody else on your mind? i'm so sorry, i'm so confused, just tell me, am i out of time?
This green line adventure is going to make me stop taking the red for granted, advisories and all.
Vital to keep up our presence in classrooms even during busy yr end; challenging. Yet necessary
#10thingsaboutmyself I Like Bad Boys
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. - Chinese Proverb
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind.*
Cody can you follow me please?
BL to Elizabeth at Ritz Chicago '02 "Is that Bono?" E: "Why yes it is Bono" BL: "But he ain't no Keith Richards!". B4 Aragon gig
My 11:11 wish is to meet one day!! <3 OH and for him to come to Ohio!(:
You definitely need to follow me back lols.
Pickle juice and mayonnaise
no shit, what is it, 5!?
it is only now do we realize the power we have
hahah please behave,*cane you* :p
Working on another very sad case involving rape/molestation of a minor by church minister. Unbelievable!
At de lazy lizard for dinner with the teammates!! <3 them
Breaking News! Most common question this week in Indianapolis....... Why here?
i kno it was a joke. I was joking lame... U self conscious a bit
Love that one Looking forward to the 21st. That works for you?
Did you know that a new chocolate shop is opening in Bayview to replace Franklin's Fine Chocolates?
Love and obey God first, so I know its
I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
I was a good girlfriend to you but you did me dirty.
ye me and mike yang were thinking about coffee, probably around noon. what say you?
it's a crime that Beiber was not involved in this halftime show.
i know it is really early but just go up and want icecream soo just sayin u a great rollmodel...my rollmodel.forevah!!!
These storms in Iowa<<<<
Im up at 9am damn I guess when u get drunk and passout before 10pm lastnight it was a goodnight
I was so sad when he got traded.
Sorry, Re-airing the #cnndebate doesn't make it any better than the first time around.
so I brought my luggage and I already forgot my retainer haha I'm soo annoyedd and my parents are making it worse
Thought provoking quote! RT A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer. ~Robert Frost
Damn.. I should've bet on the fight... I said Mayweather K.O.
lol I know it's hard to pronounce haha
VISIT PERAK YEAR BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP TO OFFER RM35,000 AS PRIZE MONEY
We are.
Damn ive Been hurt so much that my heart is numb. i feel no pain or heart break.
wats good bro
I love reading 's blog, but it's going to give me nightmares.
Yay its over!!!!
Banning gun shows to reduce violent crime will work about as well as banning auto shows to reduce drunken driving.
looking forward to the twitter party tonight!
Recruiting, once again, baffles everyone down to the last second. No one really knows anything until an announcement is made, so let's wait.
Eating at ' Bacchus. This maple syrup Old Fashioned is unreal.
RT Chewing - natural behaviour in all dogs, it helps reduce stress & can control barking, digging or other destructive behavior
It was you, you put the music in my heart.<3
What are my NY Vegas plans?
need to talk to you
I will!! :D The strange ideas I get. ;D
So, Sid Vicious checked out Feb. 2nd, it seems. Still, a little too close to the Buddy Holly ending.
Standing next to a girl who looks like a Vera Bradley catalogue threw up on her...
Your heart has Been changed and erased
That hoodie we just made for >>>>>>
tomorrow, I need to get to school a little earlier. I gotta print stuff out bro
getting ready for that Yung Von show out in vacavile tonight, hope you guys can make it, its going to be a great time
Aaannnnndd Cut! I'm out! See you all later.
First night in a while that I'm stalling to come back inside. I'm actually taking the long way home.
yah let's get fat haha
(Rich) heard a couple noises and couple people saw a possible shadow. No direct responses so far. Doing a test with us outside owner in
I just found out today that 9 of my first cousins (out of.. 80 or so now?) are named Sherif. But that all have nicknames so I never knew.
What’s new at #AERA2012? just launched! A channel for news, stories, and information about Educational Research
Wow.....did my aunt just say she thought BoB was a white dude ctfu
You want me home, so i can just hear you bitch...
Wow, I'm a fucking idiot for that. Tf was I thinking? Smh.
same! Lol my friend asked me if I could get them to follow her cause Eric and Al follow me so does Frankie Grande
Thanks! #YoureGorgeous too. (:
Folsom offering Stocking Stuffer Tour + Winter Ale Tasting this week along with interactive touchscreen for comments, questions!
Come see me !
You taught me to love fearlessly and to open up my heart. I've never known anyone like you. I love you to no end.
New to my TBR list: Det. Arthur Zen mystery series by Michael Dibdin. PBS series with Rufus Sewell coming soon. Thanks, Masterpiece Mystery!
oh! so a pet peeve of mine too :)
MHS food is disgusting.
If loving you is wrong, then I don't want to be right!
Braces tomorrow. Yay..
Have you ever visited in Chicago ?
To everyone taking the bar, take no prisoners!
Whea tha fat white bitches at?
On a beautiful day, doing yoga outdoors at Disney's Golden Oak Ranch in canyon country, and calling it work :)
Lol! RT ": If Boosie was found not guilty, does that mean we get more features where he spells a bunch of random nonsense?"
Its my B-day Please follow me and my 2 friends & :)
First stop (after signing house closing papers): Eggtc. for breakfast. Loose Park. Now we have our tickets for Sea Life Aquarium.
? dude why is there a random guy as yo pic
i got a whole book of punch lines brah
#YouTooDamnOldToBe an intern! How did you get to have grey hair & be an intern at the same time? You must've made a wrong turn in life.
Single again nd i don't like it!!!! :(
I broke down and called mine. She answered. Somehow we got through it. Now,
: Please read my Twitter bio - I think we were meant to be friends...
yeah, Drake. ;) lol
both of y'all get off my TL wit that bull
is probably on the beach in Maui at the four seasons on Mrs so and so's tab.
dude strippers r wack unless u talkin bout this italian station
That all from the alcohol...or is it even alcohol at all?
Fugg it--I ordered the "expensive" yoga pants...I think Ive earned them! Plus, they come in TALL, praise God!
HAVEN FUN LIKE SHYT
I guess Five Faces just wasn't good enough for you post-Zebra Lounge, huh?
thats how u get ur copy of black ops lol
3 more days to Res-Evil Revelations for 3DS, can't wait, the demo is killer!
comes to work in the 250 & comes back from lunch on the crotchrocket.
im at school, english lesson ♥
If you see this can you please follow me? I really need your help. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top... :D
Get it together BEARS!
I'm caught up on winners at #NYCSWMG I LOVE
sex work IS work. to suggest that the money he spent employing those women could have been better spent implies judgement
In 1961, actor Gary Cooper died in Los Angeles six days after turning 60.
Totally Beautiful! U must b the sweetest, most dwn to earth person on Twitter! By far my Favorite!! Keep being u!
National Weather Service reporting 103 tornadoes tonight. Please be safe everyone, this is awful.
Out for the night at this really cool place...called, MY BED!!
UX artists are like magicians and illusionists – we must master the art of directing attention. MOTION.
What are some organizations dedicated to saving libraries?
I'm at my frieds house and she's on the phone. awk
I needed this quiet, quiet weekend. It got more than my back into shape. Now I'm ready to face the challenges of the weeks to come.
Hey i saw a sign in jimboys it said no shirt no shoes no service does that mean i can order without pants (im gonna try it)
Kurds x2019; Displacement Tests Iraq x2019;s Fragile Unity Facing attacks, Kurds are fleeing for Kurdish-majority areas amid a deteriorat
What a night <3
#BuildDayMemories Naked Pizza Leftovers in the back of Sean's car for later on in the day. Ops
Do you have a date at midnight with Nosferatu?
Impractical Jokers comes back tomorrow night!!!
Today was a good day.
even the slimmest, most impossible chance of meeting and in florida is still pretty cool
Life experiences: listen to Bhagavan Das invoke Shiva. Check.
WIN IN IT OT. GREAT COMEBACK!
Anyone get the number of that bus?
You can't just jump on stage and play with
Keeping Ed McNally in our thoughts & prayers today as he continues his journey towards recovery.
Happy Friday Morning everyone!
Real ninjas don't let the microwave timer hit 00:00
New York state of mind
Nothing like quality thinking over quality #KoreanBBQ RT : Tough decision to make tomorrow... I gotta go to Oz Korean BBQ to think
Oh gosh, he just asked me if I have a boyfriend... and now he wants to sit by me..
T.Jefferson said Democracy depends on a "knowledgeable population"...WE ARE IN BIG TROUBLE!
i like the reasons
The Nashville Top 30 Under 30 contest is over. Say a little prayer for me that I pulled off the win.
Are you guys coming over to our house this sunday, for the Super Bowl?
Just had #delicious tomato bisque from the :) yum!
attending a new clicker training - looks like a much sleeker, simpler device than we've used in the past
Omg, did you see Mariah pinch his cheeks? (:
A truly fashionable person. A rare find.
Richard Marx at the Orleans in Vegas love this
please! Id love to catch up.
Ha! I sprung that little otter ball! Isn't he adorable?
Europeans tell us to stop whining but we don't have access to the mass transit like they do. I don't drive a gas guzzler either!
Man so many contacts now I have to decide!!
Follow cody simpson and alli simpson
Brandon? Can you add me or subscribe me on facebook? My name is Brittany Madec. Thanks and can you follow me on here? thx bye
The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced that #redskins trade last night was absolutely horrible for them.
omg my incorrect use of your
Italian Night Club for sure
New job with new beginnings! Time to celebrate being out with the old and in with the new!!!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week. H. Jackson Browne / I love what I do: it's called "vocation"...a life mission!
No story on 229 improvements. Broken link?
hopes to continue to be strong in life and pursue what makes her happy.
What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
. keeping white suburbanites terrified is a full time job!
You hate me? That's cool. I don't live to please you anyway.
there is no topping the Haltertops. (pun totally, totally intentional.) :) thank you!!!
I dont think Mikey has one. But ppl keep saying Madison dose and im really sad now. Nd ikr it has to be a lie
good I haven't seen you around plus its a lot of new faces.
make fun of who?
Just dropped off at the airport. Miss that guy already.
pssst i'm doing that already ;)
If only gum was banned and talking with your mouth full a misdemeanor! I've had misophonia for 30+ years. Glad for attention.
I leave again tomorrow for a couple days, why do I even unpack my suitcase?
At the auburn fest!!!
is your hair really red ?
Specials all night long. Alright Alright! "The Bandit" Kyle Cage Johnson slinging the drinks. Singing a little Steely Dan...... NOT( JK!)
If I was dead and buried and I heard your voice, beneath the sod my heart of dust would still rejoice.
on my way to el CECUT Tijuana to check out some great photo exhibits.
so foggy out, could barely see when i was driving
Ok this is weird. #g2s hotel (hyatt in dc) is now filled with "Tea Party Patriots", half of whom look like they are on medicare.
Going to c cars 2 with my nephew and sister!!!:)
Accountability is huge in social media
Yes, there is already a Twitter for that ": glass is hard.. and sharp... and stabby WHY :,("
and maybe you were right<3
Since we'll be at Monday-Wednesday next week, we're taking the week off for rehearsal. Free night! streaming on Netfilx!
MT ('paracurricular' staff who work closely w/ faculty have to understand faculty culture, work process).
that's what happens when you don't have a football team
Become a SMILE millionaire!
Had the pleasure of meeting your daughter tonight. What a doll Holding out for SXSW w/ you in March.
My VERY first tweet and VERY first follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him (:
The other day I saw a dealer put the flop out before dealing anybody cards. In his def it was tourney and antes were collected.
"Leyland said he didn't change his underwear for 12 days. No wonder people were standing so far away from Jim the last few days."
'hockey night in canada.' life is good.
In an Enter the Dragon remake, for me it would be fun to play John Saxon's character "Roper". "What's the matter, you on a diet?" -Roper
I like the idea of #SportingKC Convey taking the corner and Zusi being in the back field to possibly collect any defensive rebounds
because i'm afraid of going to jail and being someone's prison b*tch. :p
#geekend #fa115 via people are going to enjoy content they expect from the page
What should I write a poem about today? I need titles!
ill pray too! :)
Thanks for following!
am officially obsessed with the weather forecast for Nov. 6th
Last night Emily made us do a crazy butt stretch.... And it made me realize how freaking out of shape I am :(
On the way with Seattle Sorbet Samples!!
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
too many girls at the party actually makes it harder to wheel
I'm getting spam messages from you. Might wanna change your password!
is that a phrase you picked up from your wife or were you in the habit of defenestrating things before meeting her? :) yawp.
Be safe my friends in NYC, Irene is mean!
Changed my username to (:
so this weekend we meet with the manufacturer to decide what goes on the website for spring !
Shhh, don't question it.
hey i am the HUGEST fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke. =)
Wonderful! We sent you a Direct Message!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
in the port with and at work and in the strip
I didnt know the avengers was in 3-D haha
right on! Ahaha
Why suspend Payton now ?, When The NFLcould have done it 3 years ago? This CYA.Not protecting players.
Students are at a movie pre-screening right now you know you are #jealous #DWCdc is the place you want to be!
instagram been acting retarded since fb bought it
one step above an assistant?
i seriously want him to come SO bad.if he doesn't well see in the future IF i can. Is my shirt here already?
I'm sending hugs, well wishes, and positive vibes. Have a great day!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!13
Got distracted by the new Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm. Mwah hahaha!
but in all reality i did it to so many girls and to my luck im with the girl i always left in the dust for 5 years straight always leaving
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I'm back twitches.
Another day of meandering, but closing lower on Wall St. Key avgs close DN 0.3 to 0.7 percent.
This trip to Ireland is going on my bucket list. RT : well, you could still fly over for a pint. I'd buy the first round :D
I thought the same thing hahaha
Wildavsky - Race to create world class universities spurred by recognition of value of human capital
F**k RICH I rather be WEALTHY petty hustlin ain't gone get it
Fuck you, Hulu Plus. The address I am entering is absolutely attached to my bank account. Let me use your fucking service.
Jen I have your laptop & bag here in the hotel restaurant. Did you make it back from the thrift store yet?
Yeah :D
Josh Smith should not be shooting, he can't shoot SMH❕
Lakers remain undefeated (3-0) to their current roadtrip by defeating the C's earlier tonight. Next stop: the big apple tomorrow. M.S.G.
My ideas w/ graphics :) RT : do you design the cw shirts yourself? they're literally perfect.hah :)
Im not even close to being prefect....
i just follwo him
Got my GAIQ today!!! I
You might check out what is doing with Eli.
Yesterday I was talking to Jairo, fnally. c:
The #Mavericks forgot they were playing a playoff game at home tonight!
& Good morning, and thank you for following! Consider & , please.
In need of budness.
yay... I was starting to think I was losing my edge. Going 100% mommy mode with the nude :-)
Running through Schenley with is a test of survival
Baby, welcome to my mind, it is truly yours.
Loving the twists for BB13!!! Pairs & Power Pairs ~ Evil Dick in the house
It's alway a good day when you have enough left in your daily macros to make #Glutenfree #dairyfree S'mores!
Guest speaker contradicts every word professor has just said.
That's amazing! Love it when that happens. Cute outfits to boot!
Ok I need a brake tag and I'm in Metairie and the place I usu. use is closed! Where can I go?! Ugh!
Today I got to pet bat rays AND I saw a mama mouse give birth! It was all pretty awesome.
RT : Mix of joy + caution. Thrilled #OA mvmt had real impact in killing #RWA + causing #Elsevier to back down. But must...
come watch the pope with me
This lady needs to hurry up, I'm getting hungry!
What's good Twitter?! Keep the followers and shoutouts coming(:
Happy Birthdayy Deng!! love you :D
Follow me <33
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: These are some tips and tricks on HOW to ask for help with WordPress (or open source in general)
To much to much but loving it or I'm ☺
I have people I'd like to send as well. Let's do it!
you the man lol
I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends.
Love a beautiful, rainy night! Soothing sound as I close these brown eyes. Gnight! Seep well & dream sweet when you close your own eyes. :-)
Congratulations, Carlos Kotkin, and kudos Echoplex for a good venue, great show
Public connection...streaming very slowly... :(
haha yeah bro
at what point have you given up on FNL? Season 2 wasn't great but 3-5 are awesome #cleareyesfullheartscan'tlose
It's in the past is not an excuse for everything....
When it rains it pours RT : #CelticsTalk: #Celtics Doc Rivers says Ray Allen out for Game 2 vs
I Told You I Liked Your Watch Lol <3 Tonight Was The Best, Follow Me?
lol Ikr. I try to keep up
"I didnt know you have a zamboni in your yard." / "That's a gazebo." / "Same thing, both start with a z."
Thanks I know we've got what you're looking for, why because we love you girl....
Some people's struggles really put your life in perspective.
Just left this job fair. I love when its obvious my resume/presentation shits on everyone else. Almost positive I'm gonna get another offer
My stomach is hurting.
Don't forget to RSVP for our Pre-Valentine brunch next Sunday and our monthly meetup on the 16th!
did johnny ever listen to that song yet?
looks like you all are send spam
he was pissed the the appt people were "cutting" him
problems with online streaming, unfortunately - if you have questions about faculty development session, I can ask and respond
write it on the dogs belly.
Dont what to do at this point........but i guess its my fault so.....
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: One FREE 24" Push Broom with a $50.00 Hardware Store purchase at our Riverwest location. Spring Cleaning anyone???
Mashable posted that link, too. I checked, Whew! No virus.
Shoot me
Is it Saturday yet? I need to go home.
Just found out we're doing an interview w/ tonight to hype our show on 6/24. Will air this Sun. Details soon.
your a little deep post-modern photographer arnt you.
Twitter etiquette question: When is it okay to start talking about The Avengers movie?
I am going to marry the night!
Other great 40's song in the next #theresnobusi nesslikeshowbusiness
What's your favorite YOGA/ACTIVEWEAR essential?
My mama mad cus everybody spoiles me, guurl if u won't evryone else will : )
Good question. I'll find out.
Mr Mesero is amazing! Best mojitos in town! :)
I know a couple of Mexicans without their visas, but they trying to arrest me for unpaid tickets like I'm the alien.
Who is going to #FF me? I need more followers dammit!!!!
Malibu with my two #best friends- known them since I was 2, and still going strong!
two things you dont FUCK with my FOOD and my SHIT I buy
Jareds coming over to watch pbr with me :) hell ya
We may or may not have a response to it hanging out in the photo booth area.....;)
Cleaned the house by myself, baked a cake, and had to put up wit my siblings all day for my mom...The things i do for her
Wishing the best of luck to Brandon Graham in tomorrow night's draft! Go Blue!
Guys who just play with your heart and feelings... < < <
Make sure you come take our Adult Hip Hop class tonight at 7!!!
aw congrats bebe!
wtf...you guys talk about me but I can't know lol
One day left #GWU! RT this to enter your chance to win a VIP Reception with #GlobalChef Torsti Uotila from Finland
Thanks for all the great work you do to feed our community!
Refs clearly have Syracuse in their brackets.
we like that!
Taylor Swift needs to come out with her new album right meow.
Remember, you can't reach what's in front of you until you let go of what's behind you. Move forward without looking back.
You're alive and you're free, that's a lot more than some kids your age can say!!!
tinychat was pretty fun tonight(;
jus met u and already see good qualities lol
Thank you for the recommendation Kimberley. I love Russell Simmons!
Still doesn't compare to Blass last year when Alvarez went yard.
Rihanna Rocks a Sheer Body Suit While Partying with Chris Brown and Drake in Hollywood [PHOTOS] -
Ah...thank you so very much. :-)
McFly in Just My Luck >
RT RT Tweet people the way you want to be tweeted.
i guess you know how to get those tweet s up
change your mind about someone, You might be surprised in the change in you
Back from a great long weekend in D.C. Sloowwwllly getting back into the swing of things. Happy Monday!
RT : No rest. Michael Egnew ran a half marathon (13 miles) yesterday in 1:45.
No official word on PARKS AND REC...
wow, I didn't know you had a twitter! How have you been?
Family is all I will ever need.
Gosh is so mean...
where u at now?
Annie: the baby was as small as this wine bottle Valentine: and just as delicious
Vikings deal is done. Staying.
thanks man... Lol they got that from you!!
I obliviously know I'm a bitch you don't have to encourage me(;
- 2007 Miami Heat
who doesn't
Wandering in a museum by myself, thinking about how shit should always stay the same and never change.
Have acquired the "BOOSH!" shout from killing the dragon. It's not going over very well when used in town...
Aye Blake Griffin Just Killed
Follow if yall wanna know a real grinder
Indeed she did! : I always have since 60-70's AC..my mom raised me correctly...Thxx
thanks! I should have be able to make hacknights, reno.rb (even though I'm .net now ;) ) a lot more frequently
Not in a good mood today.
#Caps Beagle on game 5 "I wasn't going to leave my team a man short"
oh, and thanks.
The text sent me last night >
Efficient windows are engineered to virtually eliminate the three ways your windows waste energy
bring me one
Ugly people: Don't play hard to get, you're already hard to want.
why must I continue to close #TweetDeck in order to get it to refresh? It's about a 50-50 chance on whether or not it will refresh auto
Please follow me u seem like a cool person
haha ikr, did you see Source Code?
Definition of UFO is broad but, in people's minds, very narrow; i.e., UFO = aliens. In that context I disagree that Jinn are UFO.
You are so very welcome! XOXO
That's stunning... And the soundtrack, I'm speechless.
No please don't I love your twitter(:
did you just quote steely dan? Kudos sir.
That shit was lame as hell lol
thanks for following!
Realized I have a wedding the same day as the CL final. Have already demanded provisions be made. Did I mention BBQ reception?
he's everything I ever wanted.
I was doing so well.
app store
You know what's missing? All the hunks.
Got my salad in a Tupperware!!! #bombdiva :-D
What kind of breed of cat is Marilyn? She's such a pretty kitty :)
Oh okay. Maybe I'll get lucky and pull one from a pack. Lol.
“ I'm following back everyone who follows R=E=T=W=E=E=T for a shout out to 297k+!”
we do that too. This is just another tool in the parenting tool box.
your Faried post today was a good read; thank you.
#WakeMeUpWhen does a ustream/Tinychat so that i can sing 4 him
i totally agree!!
haha me too
Getting ready for the holiday weekend...FREE beer with any Weber grill purchase. See store for details. While supplies last!
Aha awh. xD Happy one day late Valentines Day Zerran.
#hardlyworking... Sitting on my ass playing Temple Run!
Sorry everyone, it's true, my twitter account was hacked. I'm changing my password.
u know it!! the winner was "ADRI"
Heard my first yoga fart today! Happy Presidents Day!
Save the date -- the sixth annual Arts & Culture Fest is Saturday, October 15th! For news and updates, visit artsandculturefest.com.
ah yes, there will be a roomful of people looking their best! RT : What should I wear for #CUAEF gala?? Decisions, decisions.
#RIP Donna Summers
I'm late for work......but that isnt stopping me from
My girlfriend looks so pretty :)
#MyBestFriend Mrs.MaryJane NEVER lets me down
Thanks for the follow! What's the recommend wine today?
My pleasure! You do all the work, that's why your body looks so great on your web site, HeatherMarianna.tv!
SO TRUE! Stay in your lane fellas.
. Thanks for the #FF!
RT So thinks BC pill cost depends on frequency of sex? Tell me he's not that stupid./ sorry I can't
did you get tickets?! :))
basically said (again) that KG is only playing for a contract and none of the Celtics are actually hurt... Scal lost it on him
i followed you
Mongolian grill with
show us this tweet and we'll give you a free pair of your own amazing sunglasses!!!!
ouch. Cynical. Dark. And prescient.
: "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Wednesdays are tough & this game is even tougher, but thanks to those #Boston fans who turned out at tonight!
Is Sunday a funday for you? www.freekshowradio.com
I have these from another source. Our group has 3 more?
I will look for him, thank you.
Facebook needs to invent a function that limits chronic complainers from endlessly whining. We get it! Your day sucked AGAIN!
#precommerce Just tried new Duo fruit and cool from Hershey. Like the taste. Not on market yet
Why does my bed look like my closet/dresser threw up all over it
Thank you so much! I'm glad you liked this song
I have yet to get ready for school. I have to be there in the next 20 minutes. I'm just so tired!
The awkward moment when you burst out laughing in class and everyone including the teacher looks at you. (Causewebehigh.)
We're taking a quick break, but will be back with to talk more #NBA playoffs, so keep it locked into 640.
I saw your tweet from a few weeks ago - were you able to convert mp4 to wmv - let me know if you have any questions
I'm REALLY gonna miss camp though. We had a pretty badass group. I'll come visit.
This song smells like acres of freshly cut grass.
Follow our visiting scholar Ben and his book for latest on higher ed policy
it was really good. A lot better than I thought it would be.
only if you're cool.
I asked why the choice of PHP for the API. Answer: it was a common language among the devs. *shrug*
Heyy guys (: give me random numbers and i will tell you what i think of you. :)
If you have to put someone down to make yourself feel better... You're the one with the insecurities, you're the weak one.
At # Is it weird that the camera guy is making me nervous?
best night eva
Our histories are written by those who remain...
Thanks for following! :)
This could mean everything, or nothing at all, you take what is real, I'll give you my all❤
Was an amazing guest. Best interview has ever had and I've ever had the pleasure to be a part of. Thank you!
Throwing up rules
Bulls back against the wall today play for some damn respect....
Doing nothing in school today👍
Include your construction team in "tablet revolution" for increased efficiencies & communication! #FieldConnect Mobile available iOS/Android
Thanks! I had a blast. I'd love to do it again.
Liking to many guys<<
We got 2 house shows coming up this month and next month. It would be rad if you came out to both of them.
I hope she knows enough about engaging the Indonesian audience on social media :)
#PAYPRINCE RT : PRINCE!!!!! WITH A BIG 3-RUN HOME RUN IN THE #ALLSTARGAME! REPRESENT!!!
Just thought I would let you know that the match with you and Ziggler was the best thing from the WWE in months. Cheers!
which vintage? I just brought back some more 05 from
If you are pretty good you're not good if you're good you're not great
~ Wow! Congrats! Ava is such a cutie! :D
5 preseason games on and I can only watch Chargers/Seahawks? Come on man...
New moms often experience postpartum depression. If you are feeling overwelmed, sad, worried, you're not alone. Talk with your doctor.
Have a great weekend!!
#happybirthdayjenn HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!
Per iMapp, approx 1320 "shadow homes" in Gilbert. 1392 if you count the 72 that are Active or AWC.
You can't be me
Congratulations on becoming the longest serving woman ever! A job well done!
Didd She Really Just Say Something About ? Welp, She Asked For It ! -,- Tomorrow She Finna Get Slapped .
Sick with a cold, but I am going to cheer on the group from Wellington Runners at the Tropical Tri tomorrow morning!
RIP #DickClark. U will be missed!
you are very pretty(:
C'mon, man! "She's a Lady"! WHOA WHOA WHOA she's a lady
will do asap--thx! I'm a great fan of his.
Patrick Young don't hurt em!!!
"Turn Around" premiering at the Seoul International Film Festival April 13-16th.
welcome :) you should mention me on your next show so I know this is your real twitter ! Lol
Don'y give a fuck if you was a JESUS house you heard what I said Heath
Joey Votto=Clutch
yeah you would say something like that! (;
THANKS! I haven't had a chance to respond yet (work is crazy; maybe before my lunch is up?).
hey I just wanted you to know that, your the best(:
Got a job yay :)
I been good how's things going?
Congratulations from Killer B's MixHouse to all the new graduates of the Minneapolis Media Institute.
Omg that was horrible!
Looks like Mom & Pops is all cleared out. Anyone have an idea with what's happening there?
I used to be obsessed. I faded away from it so long. I'm trying to get back to watching it on the regular though.
Double issue 16.12/13 is now available for download (free as always) on our site! www.thebeatwithin.org
I'll miss Atlanta because my favvv but I'm sure the homie will come to Tampa... There is business out here
r u in chicago?
I'm not making guitar-shaped cake. Getting from Miss Kari's Bakery in Pewaukee. 's friend. Check out cakes: www.karisbakery.com
*coughcough*...raaappppeeeee. Lol, jk. :P And idk, the oil and candles were your idea, not mine.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let Statewide help you have the best looking house on the block!
#imagine Louis: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Louis: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
RT : RT : Don't forget to cull fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms,...
Hott && Dangerous, if ur one of us then roll with us.!
Please follow me
According to the stats screen, I've spent over 19 hours playing Ridge Racer 6 and am only 47% done. This excites and frightens me.
thank you for a fun season. Sad way to end it, but we've been spoiled as Packer fans :)
we said it was for a moment but this moment seem to last its been so long we've been sharing these moment these moments that we've stolen
Why is it when talks about liberty I smile, but when does I feel like I need a shower.
I see the point of feeling bad for Cupid because of injuries/bad acquisitions, but at the same time 3 f-ing talk shows?? SHUT UP AND MANAGE!
Is it just me or has 's head gotten.. rounder.
I wanna go to cali so bad... any cali followers
you were awsome in the new episode tonight and I think you and Selena gomez are a great couple
should go on a retweeting spree and retweet my tweets..... :)
Initiatives of Hope is on pg 58 of #vaumc Book of Reports (also avail @ www.vaumc.org click "Annual Conference Info")
We all inhabit a loving world
sure hope to see you in that KENTUCKY uniform. " Players first program".
She's just a friend you see you always agree, you know i lie but you still trust me.
C'mon C minus! C'MON C MINUS!
spurs ain't gone be able to run with them
Austrian photographer captures art in food waste
If I had the money I would be #shopping at cause they #dontstarttheholidaysearly unlike Bilo who does November 1st!
I really hope I'm not coming down with a cold.... I don't have time to be sick....
Can't wait for the D-Backs game today...against the Phillies.
I don't think she's kidding
Time to catch up on 3 weeks of !
You learn something new everyday. My go to source for MLA citation help even has how to cite a Tweet.
What?! Have you seen the girl that is addicted to eating plastic? TLC never fails
RT : Undergrads in Colorado: Startup Summer gives opportunity for internships with some of the best startups in the...
The Brewers weren't losing until I came home from work and turned the game on. O_O
Why does Shephard Smith have to anchor the #SuperTuesday coverage? Give me Bret Baier.
text me(:
Good busy as well. I need to come back and visit the Republic of Boulder.
Haha. Thanks! Do they have Mother's Day in England?
Good luck!
report isn't due until Thursday. We do have class. As listed on the syllabus. Your Evals are due today.
Dear sweatpants & hoodies, thanks for being there for me. Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it(;
i am ecstatic right now oh my GODD
WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!
YANKEES WIN!! THUUUHHH YANKEES WIN!!!
love it! let us know if you'd like to chat about offering chair massage at your new digs.
oh we will, thankfully though, even if we lose, I'm a guy, so I'll be making more than you the rest of your life! Thanks Walker!
RT : Just got an e-mail from that made my week. 's Social Media Team is a huge #joy for me!
Megan Parrish haven't talk to you in forever! Hows the tweet war treating you?
Shouldn't every day be #earthday ... I mean, we live on it?
enterprise! Just got hired there!
omg. haven't been on here in forever...
The JP Morgan Healthcare Conf. starts today. Follow C+S clients, and for conf. news
what flavor?
Why is makeup so expensive?!
When I grow up I hope I can tell stories as well as you, Doug!
levis, converse and a snap back
Imagination is more important than knowledge -Albert Einstein
AT&T does have a 200MB plan for $15
“: Bahahahahahaaa!!! All my presents are wrapped in Justin Bieber wrapping paper. Love my family!” you're welcome :p
UP 66.13% today and climbing!
The worst feeling is when you put your Trust in a person and they let you down
you are the only one then
always thought the flights were good fun there.
Agree RT : A5: Why arent Dale Jr.'s sponsors questioned in the same way? Its not JUST about winning. Its about selling
Merry Christmas everybody
Ha! Why not? They're so close to each other...
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
Getting a new tattoo tonight or tomorrow. #dontcare #need #mission :)
Unless the sentence involves "Barcelona." RT : Cristiano Ronaldo: Losing is not in my vocabulary
sf white stripes fights with nirvana, we like it. Half packed, awesome door guy..... More dudes than gals
Hey! How are you this beautiful Friday?
The Share the Love Mobile App Webinar is off to a great start so far
Slow it down on 465 people...its the end of the month!
if not, it should have. Nothing beats $1000, except maybe an enthusiastically satisfied client who wants to spread the word
": "Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." Dr Samuel Johnson"
And yup, Will Middlebrooks now has more homeruns this season than Albert Pujols does.
I agree. But, I think he believes the only way 2 do it as hard as he can go for as long as he can. It's tiring just hearing about it
Listening to birds chirping - crickets cricking - soothing cool gentle breeze - LOTS of trees - I'm back in KS
Girls who always feel the need to compete with eachother
You should get your bagels at H&H Bagels in NYC. The strike is over!
Revisiting The Grey. Saw it in theaters and it rocked my world. (stayed after the credits too.)
Me: You know what tomorrow is? My mom: Cindy's birthday. I've never been more proud in my life.
I don't know but Merlot seems to work nice.
Happy freaking birthday to !! Hope you have the best day, you definitely deserve it! 🎂
Impressive, quick first inning for Bauer: K and two easy groundouts vs. Fowler, Scutaro and CarGo
rt: : Doral has the best Golf in the world. Come stay with us!
Georgina, that is SO COOL. Take pics if the view is good!
Looks good. Nice job!
is Awesome!!! That was off the hook. Thank you for having us and thanks to everyone who helped make it an amazing event.
Woke up in a shitty mood. >:l
One of my favorite things about Texas - boots are always in season! Bye Austin .... Until next year
: Tickets go on sale today for Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan! What is your favorite song from either of these artists? All of 'em
Caron Butler breaks his hand with clips down 25 in the forth, clips come Back to win after he goes out.. Coincidence?
I just came up with this quote, liked it a lot: "Hypocrisy is the hallmark of politics."
Twitter about to go over capacity for some hours if you do that. lol
Hanging out with <3 I wish we had Fernando to play 1D!!!
will Judge Mablean be available soon for an interview with me?
when where ??
Just so it's clear, if you're in the area, you shouldn't miss this. Two Cow is doing some good stuff, you've been warned.
so true idk why he got signed in the first place.
Simon's favourite act won, how is that not a fix?
live it. Live in this
back at ya! nearing the end of a scene...might just keep going as long as the battery allows
They'll end up in a good home!
Happy Mother's Day Molly.
so cute!
Just woke up , shower ,then off to my grandmas house <3
i would be the happiest girl ever if you followed me i lovee youu!
JOIN US & DISCOVER THAT IT REALLY IS SIMPLE TO JUST REDIRECT...
I didn't even know the Pacers won tonight. Them boys hungry. Hope they keep it up.
Protesters hang anti-Bank of America banner on stadium
I got u.. Nextweek.
Things that weigh as much as I have lost: 5 gallons of water, the average female American bulldog (or 4 mini-dachshunds), a human leg, etc.
Thank you - We are ALL excited about meeting you :)
awesome!!! Had a "Mila weekend" watching Friends with Benefits and Black Swan :-)
Anyone looking for logo design? I know someone offering an awesome rate!
...dealing w/ the past & present violence of US narcism & how this violence contributes to the drug complex becoming
you look really pretty in your profile picture! 😊
apparently the air isn't water holy bangarang
You gotta risk it for the biscuit.
Nice to tweet you to
I kinda just hate everyone.
you are now in the cult. TWITTER 4 LIFE
Reggie Leach~ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
shout out to the
Good Monday : What people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can ~ Thoreau
hehe you're so smart :)
buildin a studio bro?
Its a #AlohaFriday kind of day!
My bet is that the UT editorial today, and responses will result in plenty of Dem votes (like mine) for him
This coffee got me going on 10+.. I gotta be up for a couple of more hours...
It's funny that we still call these business docs "white papers" when they're almost always in digital format nowadays
suddenly this is everywhere... what makes it so amazing? #LetMeExplain <=== you.
So who is going to be coaching the then this year?
Lookn 4 a great day ... God WILL continue to bless his church! Excited 4 what God has in store for our new pastor!
what is your favorite book if you have one if not who have you been dieing to work with singer/actor
awesome! Want to do 1230 during the break? I think that's when it is?
Getting my sew in back i missed it too! Lol
My husband had to write some ideas down. He chose a crayon and construction paper. Kids change everything.
Bag full of chips, we ain't talkin Ruffles 😏
Babysitting my cousin (:
is it the tall ugly one? with the big nose? haha
When girls wear too much eyeliner I personally want to wash their face for them.. It kills me !
Im Happy Af!!
winning a free movie at #mumorgan!
Very glad to hear! What did you have? RT: : Always. Food outstanding! Service outstanding!
San Diego! Get to right now- ms walk fundraiser w/live music & happy hr all night!
If you didn't know, we've got some of these inside out critters in our windowscape by Yarn Bomb LA... rounds up some of the...
Life is a roller coaster. You have to hold on and enjoy it. It's always full of twists and turns, but it's the feeling you get afterwards!
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I've seen Greenday in concert 4xs my fave 1 has 2 b when they came 2 Tulsa back in '00 so close I could c the sweat :-)
DYK? 11-year WNBA veteran Wendy Palmer is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Im watching show. Jennifer Hudson looks great!
But why on earth would you want a full rez version on your phone? That makes no sense.
um ya... Did u have like a Kik, or instaDM or um Voxer?
can't go friday
BRAND NEW N.O.D. "ROLL 1 SMOKE 1" DROPS EXCLUSIVLY AT MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..HAPPY 420!!!
haha I know she's following me!!!
I think I underestimated the Catholic influence out here In Cali they have no clout. But here Good Fri is a big deal.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
Madison Police are looking for the suspect involved in a hit and run this afternoon near the UW Campus. It happened near Bascom Hill.
Let's be friends!?
And I need to stop letting my personal crap get in the way of my job. It's time to grow up and deal with things differently.
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW ! <3
Maria really just lifted up my skirt . I HATE YOU .
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :)
y'all live in VA ya? Know anything about Floyd Fest? Curious to see what the locals have to say... if uve even heard of it
My last retweet is so damn funny
No I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it.
....and they look amazing from what I saw of you and tiffany! :)
Istanbul? Anyone going?
#ThingsIgetalot you and your mom look so much alike 😒
You text Sarah?
they don't feel you though P! RT : if you aren't talked about you're irrelevant.
I did it, traded in the #iPhone for the #Samsung #Galaxy Note. A pain for a diehard #Apple user to set up. But now, cautiously optimistic!
the Boston #MBTA looks like a tin of over-packed sardines every morning...i dream of an empty T just once.
I wish I could be the Bonnie to ur Clyde
o man hang in their!!! I know how u feel, I'm a fan of the Orioles.... :(
Those paintbrush pockets
I love how people believe in a god when there is no evidence youdont believe what a person says unless you see it Why believe an oldass book
totally should be able to demolish them!
RT : We all need that time to refresh our minds, bodies, spirits. ...We can stagnate and run out of inspiration.
Wim Wenders in person this Thur. at Horton Plaza following the 7 pm screening of "Pina." I'll be conducting the post-show Q&A. BE THERE!
who you drinking with?
Spoke on Ebooks vs. Apps-Do you have books or do you have content? DM me for slide deck or have questions.
Watch TV that's Boring.
come over to Macy's downstairs in the food court
#WeWontWorkIf you don't like sports or camping.
FREEZING. At #PetcoPark for #openingday --its stupid cold in Petco's control room.
My 8mo old loves classical music like Mozart or Nirvana.
Joanne Brandes is amazing. If you're not listening to her now come to UWM's Womens conf Friday.
Share your joy! What's the best thing that happened today?
it's agonizing to read tweets like that - please get some help.
aye bro!
I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
Ooh, have fun! That will be great to see on the big screen!
We're happy to be involved! Nice to emeet and
true greatness should never go unrecognized when you're defining true perfection in life.
What do people think? Was that Patrick Crawley or Peter Gordon? I think it was Peter...
Thanks! I think it'll be fun to do another tumblr or just expand what I have already to include non GP stuff :D
hahah knew you wouldn't be able to keep that a secret... See ya soon ladies!!! 😁🎉🍻
Stay focused. Trust your gut. Listen carefully.
ahh the marxist, you should get along just fine
Ready to start my new workout today...
Want breakfast on us? Nominate your company by tweeting and use #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. Zipcar for business members only.
I want to womb you.
damn it, man! go to bed before the sun rises!
Does anyone have any recommended markets to look into for work?
Wait - Hollywood's awesome and all, but... you guys are coming back, right? Or did you move?
jammin' some metro station
Spent the last hour convincing my dad to wait til tomorrow to hitchhike to chicago to buy a car.
Witches of Eastwick, by John Updike.
time to degree is supposed to be 6 years I think, I would say in my case my own damn procrastination got me 8!
Signs of spring: rows of school buses, laughing kids, and flowers in the Valley.
Ready For Hatteras!
Be the hero of your office, bring in breakfast tacos from the Goat!
Nasty left handed dunk by
the annual launch of the Munchmobile, our food review truck.
just woke up , ehhh .
surprisingly pleased by accidental usage of head and shoulders shampoo.
No new followers, I guess I should have mentioned that tablet from Apple;) Next time we'll be more organized with times for testing
indeed. A static roster inevitably declines.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
Can't wait to hang with tonight
Recording new song tomorrow. The song sounds dope and I can't wait for you all to hear it! <3
RT : RT : Facebook working with Nielsen for ROI data, available by end of 2011.
Rested after working at the market. Now at Now That's Class and then bela dubby to see some bands.
weekend pants and fluffy banana pancakes!
We're giving away 2 tix to party it up with while we celebrate the release of his latest tome, #TheRepublicanBrain. Takers?
Don't try your heart out for someone if there not willing to do the same.
Hm, has a satellite truck at 48th & Garfield. Wonder what that's about.
Evolution is some strange shit. For example, the platypus
whats good #cambridge / #boston ?!
Love ya Sandy Your always #1 make sure the garbage disposal is running when you drop little Jesse down the drain.
I like it.
Jeff Van Gundy's nitpicking of NBA minutiae used to be Larry David-ish, but this season he's sounding more like Andy Rooney.
only you could be you
11:11 pm on 11/11/11. ;) Make a wish you guys and be positive about it. :)
r.i.p. whitney houston so sad
Celebrate this gorgeous Saturday with a grassfed beef burger and a Banana Walnut Chocolate Chip shake!
Mitt Romney is only mouthing what he been scripted by his manipulators... for the rich,by the rich...think my brothers
RT: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, is Time Magazine's Person of the Year.
So #MittRomney doesn't remember tormenting anyone. Bullies usually don't remember, their victims (& witnesses) do though.
Gym class next. Playing some basketball! Got mad skills!
Ima miss you bro !:'c
Mike Webb playing gorgeous piano on Flying Mercury right now.
RT At the #stylebloggerawards where everyone is enjoying fabulous Mauritian Mule Pink Pigeon Rum cocktails! Yummy!
My TL got me scared to go outside. Lol.
i hate when ppl cant roll blunts!!!!
Cant wait till this summer imma get a shit ton supreme shit...
Marquette offered a scholarship today to Rice Lake freshman Henry Ellenson.
Someone unbalanced my scales today. The Philly came out today😒. I'm normally über professional.
My phone is FINALLY dying
bro, wipe ur crumb with a clorex bleach wipe your 10 steps ahead of the game-----ur crumbs brand new
Good job Mia! Keep me posted.
Watching the LAD game? Harang's dealing.
How are all of my Duganites doing???
dont you just miss your moms already!?
Am Tweeting Kathleen Feely's panel IT and human services stay tuned!
Damn, Mike Tomlin looks like will.i.am. I wonder who gave the halftime talk.
Just got my bling costume Two words: gold jacket.
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Nice and quiet and no shopping!
where are u up to?! It gets amazing at the end of book 2!
Product of the day: tiao he cleanse $42.75 Great to balance your bodies intestinal & digestive systems. Mynsp.com/CleanStart
talking about me? cause I text you back bit.
The day that I become tied down is the day I'm absolutely blown away by a guy who makes a girl that cares about no one care about someone
these responses are making my night too!
TAKE A PICTURE PPLLZZ!!!
` juss a random questions to parents on my TL, what has been the most beautiful memory of parent hood for yu? DONT BE AFRAID TO ANSWER
I like to believe that a centuries-old wizard handed Dio all of the music and lyrics to the Holy Diver album on a mountain
why do you pretend you are beatfiul
Thank u for relaying this Omar! We can usually help locate cars if you tweet the local office :)
I am a ninja!
The only reason I got a yearbook was so that I could get TBHs on paper..
Today was the most fun festival day ever. I can't wait to get up and do it all over again tomorrow! Yay Inman Park!
#MyProblemIs That I Always Jump To Conclusions And Assume Stuff .
That awkward momenet when you're talking about someone and then you realize they're right behind you.
Beer Baron spy reports Common Thread is on tap at Great Dane Eastside.
My heart is pounding right now...
cops r always there already. As long as its peaceful they aren't breaking any laws. Screw that
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Technical Services Director in San Diego, California. The Technical Services Director will be…
you were great today as co-host! You should think about hosting your own radio show.
Hanging out at the LMS and soc media session
RT During sex do you think midgets do it puppystyle?
#onethingivelearnedrecently Live your life wisely, not cautiously.
Haha. Yeah, they have the basketball texture on them. Air Walks were my thing back in elementary
my mom saw me all up on this one girl and she got really pissed and she's alright with parties
live streaming of WTA matches at begin tomorrow on and Wednesday on (ESPN3). TV next weekend.
Carly rea jepson playing at earth bar.. Reminds me I need to call
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT LIVE! DOORS OPEN AT 7!! DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!
These #Nuggets fans need to simmer down ur team us losing my friends
Hey! Long time no see. How long have you been running a social media consulting biz???
You should Google Eat This Not That...Cheesecake Factory is the number one offender, even the salads are bad & B4 cheesecake!
Gonna be at the lanier high school graduation tonight...
Baby carrier- I had to try them all on to do a practice run!
Having a conversation with a 78 year old man has only two possibilities. Enlightening or unfathomably awkward.
You just got love Iowahawk. He is THE wit to follow.
Hard Knocks: Alpha vs. Omega (Halo parties in s basement)
oh you are just so wonderful. love you, beautiful friend!
no way cool man!!
Exterminator just arrived to remove the beehive, and even he seems intimidated. Eeesh.
Grotto tonight. I hit the decks about 10:30. See you there.
me and my co-workers always make fun of how the hotel guests take their pants off as soon as they get in the room. and here i am.. pantsless
Seven...More Reps
Damn girl...sounds like a death march, but a good one at that. Have fun! Going to Kooyong???
A HUGE thanks for following to I'm such a fan and everyone else should be too! He wants to draw a cat for you! : )
How can something be "new" & "improved"? If it's new then what is it improving?
Not that I know of, but I'm not a 4chan / reddit frequenter. If so, they'll hit tumblr by...let's say Sunday.
Congrats to our friends as their parent org, Edible Communities Awarded 2011 James Beard Publication of the Year Award
TRADE DOWN!!!
To all my local followers The Cutting Edge is celebrating our 3rd year in business with 50% off all haircuts! Check us out.
I ate so much food at the buffet so not hungry for dinner. Want to meet by the panel now? I'm up front
I love music so much I want to take my radio and smash it into my face.
Gotta new bitch she looks nothin like my last fling
Love your glassware ! Nebbiolo, Bordeaux, and Burg all taste gr8!
worst. Commercial. Ever. Love it. I call my sister in India.
ooooohhh... i just found my present from you! don't worry about wrapping it... i heart the kirkland cookware set!!! THANK YOU!
We've been through this. If you have a question, feel free to submit one! :)
Dear life, I LIVE YOU!!!
I'd rather live a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs".
so my mom said that Noah might be getting out of the hospital this or next week c: ohh cant wait to see my nephew<3
I'm about to be!
;; Yeah ! Like really randomly ! Lol .
cool, thanks I'm now registered for #501techSea ... looking forward to it!
Library of Congress is amazing. Supreme Court or Arlington for changing of the guards.
Only 11 more days!! Use promo code CHARGED for a FREE #car2go membership & 30 min of FREE driving time! RT & sign up now!
If I'm not following you back and you want me to-- sent me an @
is that a dig at me for neglecting twitter?
Boats and hoes
Posterous acquired by Twitter. Interesting.
marry ALL the Weasley's!
#LRT I love sports .. but thats not true though :/
Good on cameron for not doing what the euro folks want us to do
someone just sent an email to our robot order fulfillment account addressed to "Gentlemen"--should I sign my reply "A Lady"?
Awesome, thanks! Is that Skype recording extension a free program?
#traderjoes opening soon in Sarasota but nothing for Broward area
Private Glue Gun reporting for duty. It's an honor to serve with you. *saluted and gets glitter in her hair*
Isn't it funny you and your family turned farm land into Golf Courses but you despise #Carmel redevelopment! #disagree&friends
Really ? #disappointed #onepercentambassador RT Kid Rock joins Mitt Romney in rally before Michigan primary
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of we cant be friends.
Hey, imma directioner, and this is crazy, and if you are too, could you follow me maybe? <3 104 more
Tonight is the night...
Any case studies of soft skills training (marketing, critical thinking, strategic planning, etc) via social media?
RT : word on the street is that you're single, so baby have you heard my single?
I'll just get ice cream and watch movies by myself.
I was dumb to give us another chance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for Around the World in 80 Plates on - cheer on !! Go get 'em girl!!!
Just ordered 's Border Wars. Sweet!
#Browns trade 4 picks to move up 1 spot for Richardson. Then use another 1st rounder to take a QB when they already have McCoy?
Someone should bring me sushi now.
I'm finding that to be so
so u thought that pie u just bought at a farmers mkt was inspected by the state? Neither did I, leave them alone.
thanks for the retweet. Dan
When you make a mistake, admit it. If you don't, you only make matters worse. -Ward Cleaver
I hate that I like the Neon Trees.
damn I ant Chris brown
great success
about time
Steve Novak is the reincarnation of Dan Majerle
Haha hell yeah I am!
Sorry to hear about your experience. Could you send more info to and we'll follow up?
can you follow me?
with one too many blue moon....I assume?
I'm not the biggest rogue fan but I have to say, their chocolate stout is pretty darn good. I'm surprised you didn't mention this one
Hey Fitzgerald thanks for the #FF luv & the blog shoutout!
Emotions, Stigma and the "contagion" factor can make talking about someone's suicide very stressful, confusing
Sun is shining and I am ready for my interview at the !
standing on kenny's side of the stage tomorrow~~~~
Brewers bullpen.
Enjoy the win Chi town, you lose Oprah on Monday and game 2 on Wednesday!
I'm live tweeting my random drug test
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
haha! the english language isn't equipped for future talk.
imma stop talking to EVERYONE, if you wanna be my friendd, then you TALK TO ME, andd i'll talk backk! idgaff no moree..
I wonder if I can get a 0 on my chem test and still have an A.
That's SUCH a lovely thing to read first thing in the morning. Thank you for the call. I can't wait to see you in July! x
lol thank you i will
Everybody tryna fight sad case
Now I have to actually try and sleep... ASDFGHJKL;L
yes. once i learn how, i'll open it up asap. trying to figure out how.
Separate yourself from the competition w/a powerful resume that is LinkedIn ready. Free resume critique
City night lights
I keep getting compliments on my avi lol so #s/o to you!
Having the same dessert - wicked.
Putting my creative boots back on!
I'm super tired
the colder weather is what I am referring to! Bring it on!
proud of you, no matter the outcome.
I nominate you for best #dhtrial tweet for that one
You just be drinking that bull shit ......I ain't really seen you get off anyway
Dir.Tracy Plouck from is kicking off the event
Why buy a house? Wanna know???
Or not, that's cool too...
Yesterday, the 2nd grader I volunteer to read to told me that she would take me to Wonka's factory if she found a golden ticket
heck yeah!!! We will work on a few Alabama shows for sure!!!
Hello any Gladiator training in your near future? Not that you need it!:)
Serendipity and Simplicity meet, congratulations to Highlight for making a location based SM that I really could use!!!!...
Chris Davis- touching 90 mph.
You've shamed me into #gratitude. No more whining about copy edits.
Me, I'd blame the Avengers. They desperately need big scale nemeses...and I can't think of a better person to play Dr. Doom.
I thought Graveyard Book was bit "odd" too. Thanks for Maggie's perspective!
At CQ.com now: My story on the path for the fiscal 2012 intelligence authorization bill in Congress, with House to vote this week.
It's even easier if you're broke!
Wow, only a year ago attended his first community event at #SQLRALLY and now he's presenting and doing AWESOME job!
yeah prince to but ray idk about him
RT : very very solid #LeanStartup case study on by
absolutely!!!!! DM details!
not a very good attitude to go into a match with. Haha
In the annals of clueless remarks by , the one advising ppl to "borrow $ from yr parents" takes a bakery full of cakes.
Defined: "Worst timing in history" My laptop seems to have taken a dump one month before the end of the final semester of grad school.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine
“: We thought Carl Petersen was bad...this regime much the same. Hold grudges when the truth is told.” I'll take Carl
Just met #Team365. Very interesting...
It took 17 books for Charlaine to hit it big with the Sookie Stackhouse series. Just remember, fame and fortune doesn't come fast or easy.
Try our dinner special tonight. chicken thighs with an orange cream sauce and served with green beans and salad!
Everybody discuss tanking in the N.B.A. Ready, set, go!
my food settling hxe
Say hello for me! Miss that place. miss the fam!
I put a $400K offer on it. I know its low but I hope to have a chance for it. I love the outdoor space :)
Hey baby!!! What's up?
Now businesses can learn from what they do
Amen. That man gives sellouts a bad name. RT : And Arthur Davis needs his proverbial ass kicked...
takes one to know one haa! jk :x
no, not this time. Im staying in Houston with Bosley.
Working on getting my dating website off the ground www.datefair.dateer.com
Star Wars is on >:D
not exactly sure WHEN beer started to turn/change, but my guess is mid to late March. Coffee left & gave way to sour.
Tomorrow is #VictoryDay in #Russia. Let us know how you #Celebrate!
Schools & districts use Speak Up data for planning, community engagement & student discussions
Come and get your cars washed at Tire Kingdom from 3-6!! $5 for cars, $10 for trucks. Support Habitat!!! :)
You can commit more crime with a smile than you can with a gun. ~ Sam Antar, Former CFO of Crazy Eddie's
“: I hate it when my friends are distressed. I wish I could take the pain away.” love you booboo ;)
UL is getting smoked by providence right now on espn2. I could watch this all day.
truly diamond!!!!!:)
I'll be watching "Slavery By Another Name" tonight on TPT. The documentary comes highly recommended by a usually reliable source.
The Browns are threatening to kick a field goal
Often, the events are not as obvious as seen in OSA, and in many cases, a person affected by UARS may not even snore
On my way to set. Great way to start the week. Working as
...ah...a run..que bueno..lets bust it open now #yankees :)...<Yeah...get this party started...my beer/wine running out!
loving the shoutout!
lifes a bitch, so enjoy fucking her.
Thinking about starting a blog related to my manifesting the venture of solar in real estate investments.....
When did they change the name of a master bathroom to an en suite? It's still a Master Bathroom to me....
Where was that lane violation?
hahah really.wow man;)x
Both breast grow at the same time :)
What To Wear To... An Investor Pitch Meeting
powered by autopoesis, is retweeting all the #comm605 tweets that say Luhmann. Look for this retweet.
just finished helping out with remote at #staples for game 7
FINALLY got laid ! Thank god, it has almost been 3 months.
it is delicious. I highly recommend it!
After describes Mpls local taxes as state taxes in Mpls, Rep. Downey deduces that even the Mpls portion is State money
We would love too! But as of now, Vegas is our only date this season. I hope that you can make it :)
If you walked through my thoughts, you'd be like Alice walking through Wonderland. NOTHING WOULD MAKE SENSE!
Airport advice for those of you who don't fly much: Dont stand 2” behind me in line and get upset when I turn around and bump you. Welcome.
RT Don't get so caught up in being accessible to the world that you become inaccessible to your family. < Balance is key!
At Cincinnati Reds game. They have "DAD 1" shirt but no "MOM 1" shirt. Missed opportunity?
Im Still Lost D; Wtf ? Why Cant I Find The Way To My House ? o.O
I wish I could take it back but I can't. It's not a day i don't think about it. But I blame myself
Learned today: "To be or not to be" written in iambic trimeter. Did you know that? Now you do.
is that your dog??!?!? It's the cutest thing that's ever happened to me.
this coughing thing is getting old
need a song to pull your heartstrings today? suggests listening to representing the green mountain...
Lucky for you, I'm undecided... About everything.<3
RT No fight has ever been won by a guy wearing an argyle sweater vest.
Happy 2010 to all my online friends. Let's make this a peaceful and prosperous year! Cheers!
thanks to and for the advice and just general awesomeness. safe travels!
perfectly executed "that's what she said". Well done!
Dude. The scene when the T-Rex knocks the jeep over in Jurassic Park still gives me nightmares.
ah man i miss my old country songs...
is having 2 turkey Brats with onions and ketchup...... in Memory of... "SUMMER" 2011
Next Music Seminar to take place at the StarDome in Hoover Alabama - October 9. www.StarMentors.com
lol ok, I figured, but had to ask lol
Happy Thanksgiving! I know I'm late. Next week I'll wish you a Merry Christmas. I should catch up to Passover and Easter around Memorial Day
Approx 30 mins until trivia for 2 tix to game today! Everyone get your fingers/thumbs ready first (fully correct) answer wins!
LetterThree shares with your enrollment staff what the pharmaceutical industry has known for years. Learn the basics of precall planning
Can't wait until you get here!!
thank u babe! I love u to :)
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Looking for an #iPad #app that is similar to the Intel Visual Ranking Tool. Can anyone in #edtech help?
Thanks for reaching out to Everybody Deserves Music you can e-mail & we'll get back to you : )
yeah a matrix bullet dipped in gay:0
sophomore conversation was cheeelll
Click on DETAILS in the app, it'll explain the data! Has to do with earth's mass variations.
Real men dont eat ice cream
#repogames is an awesome show
THAT'S a good one...toss up between that and "Fight For Your Right" for next one.
i never would have called if i wasn't trying to see you.
No thanks, you can have them when I die doe.
wants an invite for Google+.
no baby
Cleaning a couple of load docks tonight. Which will be worse the garbage, the bugs or rodents? Don't matter, I'm gonna clean it up real nice
Guess what? We are announcing our first Zoo Amp 2012 show TOMORROW that's what!
I hate when ppl pick you over Someone else like really grow up
Virtual public base classes and multiple inheritance - yow! I do the thinking so you beat makers don't have to!
Sharon Needles is my pick for America's Next Drag Superstar!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💢
: MLA posters were due 4/23; they won't be available electronically until the conference
Haven't tweeted in, like, forever--fall print book list has got its talons into me for next 4 months. But dig projects are in the offing.
Best wknd ever. Perfect wedding, long drive with Al listening to new mixes, favorite people, more shrimpngrits than we thought possible.
I want to lay in bed, drink wine & eat popsicles all day.
it's alright just ignore my tweets ;c
great trailers for the rest of the season and #Galaktikon so damn good!!!
It's HARD to keep mf's from unfollowing you
True, maybe start with someone slightly less voracious
Running for the first time in two weeks. Hope I remember how to do this.
i only get on to talk football with my #packer peeps. so, i'm not on much either.
Game 1 in indy...courtside...coach k..roy w...mark t...jt3...huggins...laranaga...d hill...seth g...stay tuned!
u already have them
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :)
you wouldn't learn anything with Jordan in the same room as you omg
Nissan is reintroducing the Datsun brand, which will produce inexpensive cars for foreign markets by 2014.
Where have I been? Anybody care? It hasnt been Twitter cuz had to click on names to see what they said. Been to London & Florida back in LA
Don't forget about the meeting tonight: 7pm, Room 230, Middleton Library! (Followed by Revolutionary Reading Circle)
I've seen more crack today than I've ever wanted to see. Ladies, Pull of your pants!!!!
Yes Robert Glasper....put me to sleep...Can't wait till March 6th! :)
Suck it Boston. #TheCurseoftheAndino and #JenRoyleCurse is real folks.
“: Joe Pa is trending, and he's has no idea what that means. #PSU” truth.
Who let the weasel on the stage??
