and are apparently "concerned" that I won't follow through with my #twitterbinge. Wow. #friends 6/24
Baylor and Gonzaga move on... 3 tied for first
You may not always stay on track, but you have a way of returning to the proper course.
Being sick sucks.
I will concede that there is a slim possibility that Obama is from Kenya if Santorum's followers concede he may be from the 15th century..
just responding to your tweet on importance of listening to your customer
Holy SHIT. Where is this place? hahahaha I need to let him know asap.
have fun w it yo .... 1 yr ago you were in seattle, at mine...
its all good mama, not required. See you there, for real ;) LOL
Citizen Science at Philly Tech Week. Hearing from SciStarter now on connections.
If two year olds can look this good,u can 2 w/ freshly cleaned outfits! Bring in 1 of these 12 fashion must haves & we'll clean it for free
not off the top of our heads, but put a call out on the fb (she grew up in FL). Will let you know if we hear anything!
But you had them at hello. Loved your presentation!
Habitat 4 Humanity 1st meeting will September 15th!!!!!! Mark your calendars
Chapter 2012 Page 113 of 366 I can't control your opinion of me, I CAN control how or if I let it affect me.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
I Like Juice.
Voting from Sweden and wishing the best of luck! I know you got this!! Amazing performance.
Ha. I'll go with the US for this example......
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Q: What's the difference between a chainsaw and an accordion?A: A chainsaw can be tuned.
Hundley has some awesome catching gear today
haha cant wait til she is able to drive
Freshmen tour today. This is going to be interesting!
Missing you isn't the problem, it's wondering if you'll ever come back to me that's killing mee.
That's a little odd.......... Well me too I suppose. , Ezgo-Now.com
Theraflu > Kobe's flu game
Do you have any suggestions? I'm always open to knew ideas.
If anybody says the word "hey" really fast so it gets to the point where it sounds like they're saying "aye," I just break out in A Punk.
War Horse.
If you're a medical practice, and I have an 845am appointment, it's fucking unacceptable that I haven't yet been seen at 10am.
More than fitting, that man deserves every bit of respect that's left in baseball.
I'm almost positive that I saw you at McDonald's last week!
I been great man, just about 3 weeks left til I fight for legacy FC on may 11
alright!! alright!!
Damn I'm on 5% this Evo is fina turn off any second now.
Willis: examining Murnau's Sunrise for interesting use of intertitles: "couldn't she get drowned" sequence with moving text
Twitter is my therapy.
Hey(: tweet me.
Happy birthday man!
I need to destress. But yeah, it's Monday. No dice.
I've got two (#CoreFusion #Barre and one #CFYoga) classes tomorrow and two #CFBarre Sunday! Come work out w/me in between festivals!
much the whole day. I remember how exciting it was to figure out Nick's code in his thank you's, to read all of their thank
sure!!!:) hows saturday?? i dont think im doing anything then other than battleground.
RT : I am so grateful to have had the opportunity 2day to treat our community with the dignity & respect they deserve! #YW ...
80% of domains have Google Analytics installed; 30% have an instance of Wordpress.
I do! I think I gave you some advice about picking up the bass guitar! Tried it out yet?
yeah i was young and very stupid.
Butterfly island
The avengers!!!
Wifi on the bus is a great thing. #whati'mthankfulfor
I Know Just How You Feel
You playing nola or just passing through?
Is this game for real? people have to work tomorrow!...I mean, not me, but I hear that is a common problem among other people.
SXSW-ers, hit tonight! Skinny 's Ballroom at 8pm! -- Andrew Huff ()
Glad you love it! Thanks for listening! RT : Without my day would be boring, mundane and i would be angry at everyone!
Can't wait for PLAYOFFS AT MILLER PARK on Saturday! Go Crew!
It seems that civilians & military leaders are often speaking different languages. How do you think we should bridge the gap?
Tonight anything that resembles responsible/important/etc: I'm not interested...in case any of you planned to request a report or some data.
2011 Top Eye Candy Goes to Ryan Gosling —Duh! When Bradley Cooper was dubbed People 's "Sexiest Man Alive, " there was a cry of outrage
RT I just wanna tell her how my show went... How did it go?
Unknown is a totally ridiculous movie.
Any good movies out right now...?
One for the techies. pc displays 'rundll error, error loading /dipat.dll' message on startup. Is it easy to fix? Switching off & on no work!
In all this #RetakeMassEffect drama I totally forgot to congratulate & the Bioshock team in advance of their inevitable GOTY win!
you rock, dont ever stop!
Hopefully that whole bus thing wont work for the new school and then I can stay in my original school!
bad teacher!
WOO WE Brewers
Goodnight twitter <3 :)
Go Yankees, no go Phillies....OMG may the best team win!
SWAG= She Wants A Gentleman! :-)
At floyds barbershop. Can't tell if they're from #austin cause all the band posters are big bands. Not austin ones. Ne1 know?
started with biting & coke & then it snowballed from there. Parker & I were havin a grand ol time.
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with the 5 star food but 3 star service? or 5 star service and 3 star food? well....wht about hospitals
When I ask someone to help wingman and they end up flirting a making moves on the girl I asked to have help with.
Yeah, buddy!!
Good night world! iCBallers - Play. Develop. Succeed. 🏀🏀🏀🏀🏀
I want you to fight for me. I wanted to be worth fighting for.
you're welcome!
"Love means giving chances when there's no more chances left to give." - Haley James Scott #OTH <3❤
A certain joy comes from reading something you wrote a long while back & thinking "holy shit, that's good!" Take courage in that moment.
YOOOOO! THAT VIDEO RIGHT BY MY SIDE IS WAVY! SHE MAKIN OUT WITH NAS!!!!!! HEY GET EM!
Wut u spend on a bottle in da club that's my tip money for dinner ha ha. Catch up is da King bitch
Work for him and loving it!
easy solution: A's for everyone!
Heh... we mostly vote for not-me, but try to distribute the load evenly, accounting for tenure & such. Good game theory problem?
Playin the game with kicking his ass in
Boys lacrosse: Canby trails West Linn 4-3 at halftime at home. Cougar goals by Bell, Sibel and Koenig.
Anyone wanna talk?(:
that is what I think!
Undergrads pls give your feedback on revised Liberal Arts Core. Go to MyMarylhurst and join the discussion on your home page.
ah, where to? Hotel?
Im excited....
Christine made a good pt. Betty was pissed bout the benign tumor bc that means shes fat and doesnt have "Fat-producing" cancer
not shit bro posted at the crib bored as shit
iTunes match skipping through tracks like a dirty CD-ROM.
lol, oh well!
If you can have an overall affect on history; No matter the career #WhatMarkWouldYouLikeToMake?
Cornelius NeposTo be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
How do we get them to do it? Motivate them, add social component, five time to reflect, get champions
I AM SO EXCITED for tonight!
This conversation is hilarious
I'm beginning to think this scribe dropped his exemplar and just picked up the leaves in a random order and hoped that nobody would notice
Can't get ultra off my mind
Wisconsin for the 3peat!
Happy Birthday Liz! Wishing you an amazing day! Xo
i also blame local law enforcement: COMPLETELY full beer on desk in a red plastic cup (it traveled dad's>ballroom>home)
When you try to avoid someone and you run into them... ugh
Manningham? Got it. He shall be #3 on my list of "Mortal Enemies."
Rush #Limbaugh says "Wall Street had nothing to do with financial crisis"
Being up & out of my house this early <<< #exhaustedtweet D:
Love you too!
congrats on graduation!
They pulled my wisdom tooth & fucked up my whole entire gum & roof of my mouth. This pain has my vision blurry. Bring me pills and bud !!!!
I am an amazing WOMAN! <3
Ate lunch at Skyline and walked past Visit Jacksonville, thought about
Yes, and he tweeted on the day all this stuff started -- "Billion dollar idea"
Who do you have in the #Derby? I like Take Charge Indy.
I love my boys almost more than I can stand. And I grieve that they are growing up so fast. I must savor every moment!
Talk about a flashback from 9th grade. Can't believe I fucking saw that boy today. I just feel sorry for him and his fat ass.
Thanks to of for nominating #SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech Award #roots12. Vote in the lobby!
“: About to say Errrrrrrrrry I love this !”
yup! That's why i love them.. Just sometimes I can't watch them at all lol..
aw so cute
Whoa. "Tor" actually referred to the science fiction publisher and not the privacy software for once. I'm in shock.
I wonder, is it weird to start to like someone even after our busy season is over? Hm
In a rush? JD’s #SalsaSeasoning can be used to make Fresh Homemade #Salsa in 30 seconds. Perfect for people on-the-go!
What the fuck Aaron! Why did you just knee me in the balls and punch the shit outta me?????
Lil mama said ICONic Boyz O. M. G.
Thank you new follower
Lmfao yooooo. Seriously. Hahaha. Home sweets home. I love my bed. Wish I had someone to spoon with. Spooning turns into forking.
we can play when you get better! I'll beat ya
just did
Welcome, psychological one.
Add the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale to your Sat plans. Great books, low prices! Oct 1, 9AM on the Library lawn. 480 Middlesex Metuchen
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X10
One decision changed a family's life and is still changing the lives of thousands today. Rooted in the goal of empowering people to...
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country
My condolences go out to the Vogel family on the tragic loss of Joey. A good man, a nice guy and a family friend.
thanks! it was creme fraiche, tarragon and chives. Next week well have loki smkd salmon salad w/beets, fennel and garlic bread!
I want to scream. So much driving and lifting! Moving sucks. And my trunk just gave me a nasty bruise on the back of my head.
Can see the trucks and helicopters out my window at work! ": Major fire DTLA 1200 s hope LAFD 50x100 commercial bldg"
Text me if you need to talk or w/e
It tastes like a Bud/Michelob/PBR doesn't it?
Peyton Manning leads the Colts to an amazing comeback over Pats in 2007 AFC Championship game.
So I'm banging out a mixtape of current hot music. Pressing hard copies. I figured, why not???
your welcome!
Idk why I just woke up, but I was having another dream about her. I seriously can't get her off my mind, she's all I can think about...
Happy birthday to the talented Dorothy Hamill, Olympic & World Champion figure skater! Born today in Greenwich, CT.
Any sick graphic designers wanna design my banner for this years Bamboozle? If so hit me up at RT
aye.. I was there making a very late growler refill run. :)
Go follow shes awesome!!
Um , who asked for your opinion ? No One BOY .
i don't know i haven't seen it yet
what's the "sailor" saying? red skies at dawn...?
listening to some demos for this album. Just what the doctor ordered.
This ski thread #mywipeout is making us feel WAY better about our rookie years. And, frankly, our recent years too.
it's getting freaky how much alike we are
This game screams 1987-93. A relic of the most entertaining era of college basketball. Pace is gonna give me a heart attack
1 or 2 per community, 4 or 5 communities, plus a few other groups.
Just when I thought we had CS4/5 issues resolved, along comes 5.5--not backwards-compatible (am I wrong?). Do I really have 2 get Soxy?
Canon in D by Ronald Jenkins
Praying that the car I want is still there tomorrow
Yeah, YouTube on Apple TV is pretty much useless isn't it?
People can say anything, but when what they say and do are contrary, it's easier to judge by what is done instead of by what is said!
:-) welcome! Kick ass and take names! I'd have your back from afar
Filming commercial today. Learned how to do some special effect nail art. Stay tuned!
well i have to go my tweeters see yall tommorrow
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day!
7 Tips For Landing Cheap Airfare
That finale of smash >>>>>> #sogood I can't wait for next season
And Warped tour here we come XD
come on man! you know a lot about sports lol soccer is my life. even though I admit the game has changed but what sport hasn't?
i am my biggest critic
some dude from southwest high school added me wtf its all about braddock high ;p
lmao was it a good 1 :D
Start out playing ping pong ...now we r going with gladiator mode...MKG is Gladiator!
Here's to hoping that iBooks Author doesn't become the PowerPoint of books...
When people type liiikkkeee this. Omg i do that but i dont crazy for pie.
I should have skipped 1st period.
What about failure? How do we frankly asses when things went wrong
it's a comfortable but awkward silence
I don't play it...but if it were a person, I'd wish it death.
Watching #Oscars! :D
Tour went great! I'll be in touch soon
Happy Birthday!!! You're such an amazing person!!! So glad there are people like you in the world!! Have a wonderful day!!!
yeah buddy :D soo close to a million :3
Follow Friday! and , who directed the 2nd magical Kansas City based film I was a part of, coming this Spring!
ya let dowo run the league shit goes bad quick
Happy Valentines Day 💝! I'm looking forward to celebrating tonight with dinner and the Rebels beating TCU!
Sometimes you learn the hard way... Spirit Airlines = never again.
In the 2010 and 2011 regular seasons (includes playoffs) the Browns went 20-3 and 19-2. How will they end up in 2012?
thanks baby steps feels like we are playing in CFL waiting for a tryout in the NFL.....
#FF Green blogs we like.
also gwen can we die WTK is playing a free show at Macy's in manhattan tomorrow sigh
Mayan calendar calls for world to end in 2012 - which happens to be an election year. Prescience or wishful thinking?
Never cried over spilled beer. Why? Cuz I'm still here.
England vs. Brazil up next!
Check out the pure freshness we're coming out with next week! www.BrandOneThree.com. Thoughts?
LOL me too!!
Working in the Bronx's Boston road and adee make sure you move your car before 6 or it will be towed
Im ready!
“Only the mountain has lived long enough to listen objectively to the howl of the wolf.” ― AldoLeopold
This really just killed my mood man .
Thanks for the follow!
you're welcome diabetes boy.
Not a very busy one. Going to an acting seminar on Sunday. And u?
Life couldn't get better.
it's always been Saturday..
Usher; his sexy self. ;* oh.
What would you like to see in an Art Relish app? Hypothetically, your dream visual art app ...
"Cooperation is no longer about incentives but about removing impediments" Michel Bauwens P2P foundation
I want to get a NC flag & and a St. George's flag for my apartment. (too much?) now…where to procure such items…
I've got fb! I'll DM you my account... I've also got Tumblr... I'll send my url.... I don't give it out to everyone.
umm I will defiantly will fix that issue!!
it's the only blank line left on my recommitment paper! I'm terrified to commit to a singlet size.
I'm fine I got surgery I jus wole up from it. I'm I'm a lot of pain but the doctor said ill be guud enuf to leave by saturday
Drinking with a super hot boy :)
Really really glad the nba is back. Nba is as good as ever
Love is a maze, life is a riddle, and I`m just a little bit caught in the middle.
I just want to watch the caps and the rangers
50% of cars in my condo's garage still no city stickers, how many potholes will be left unfilled?
"Raburn, you can't hit that one. Not up there."
Yes! We ARE getting excited about tomorrow. We've got loads of fun cookie stuff for people to play with.
dear one direction: #yourethereason i have 3 twitter accounts
I want him
Yo mamma maybe! RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend. Is anyone going to #BlackBikeWeekend in Mrytle Beach?
Never let anyone control what your destine to reach which is greatness!
One of America's greatest conductors, choral or otherwise. Robert Shaw, born April 30th, 1916. His beloved #ATL ensembles in the 1p hour.
I hate watching us lose 😒
Nope! Not true at all RT : I heard a rumor that will be discontinuing its 50% light cheeses?
GOODNIGHT EVERY ONE AND HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO EVERY DAD IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD
Congrats dude!
Very cool! Congratulations!
#RandomTweeting is my middle name
Come on!!! It will be a cool show, no headliners we swap sets. Us, 6MB, Us, 6MB! Going to be fun
My teacher says I give my mother pain. *sigh*.
yes!! aww memories:)
Because we are still in "pre-launch" there is no notification process in place yet. We will when fully launched. I'll check
Tweet to your all-time favorite Karaoke songs
Join Amy Zeldenrust @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. to learn how to grow a great garden in NV. Tomorrow's topic is water conservation.
MUST★Follow
Need a little Monday morning pick me up? How about taking a #car2go to go get your fav cup of coffee this morning!?
Advice to a sophomore comms student: be interested in the world, learn about a lot of stuff (not necessarily communications), read widely.
The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol! Love her country rock vibe!! On to Nashville!!!!
Wish I was there :-) lol
Tomorrow shall be a better day! :)
RT : miss you too hun! TX needs more girls!
She shaken ass that's her life style
Straight kickin it in da studio
Downtown DCers, don't you need an art break about now? Stroll over to our gallery for great contemporary art from 50 local artists.
actually airs 2 weeks from saturday no? april 29th?
Always looking for help. What did you have in mind?
agreed. No doubt.
Check me out on youtube chinikalanina1977
CA is great! Though it hardly feels like the holidays with this weather. Let me know if you're ever headed west for a visit
oh....exciting!
End of school term
Can we have #Mittens do a #PSA for #bullying? I think it's time he truly apologized for the torture he brought to #LGBT kids his age.
Hi Im Austin Mahone and your watching Disney Channel. RT if you are happy you will NEVER hear this
dude that tweet was like a year ago! Lmao
Why am I not surprised? :-p
It's my Friday at work, hooray.
I'm in a great mood to....
I know but there's next time...
*nice RT : I have such a weird body...
Among coffee consumers the average coffee drinking in the United States is 3.1 cups per day.
Spell the names of the principals properly
it's not it's me.
Sa-weet! Know what you're doing out here yet? Btw, you must hit up a pool party :D
We really are ;3
RT there is no such thing as an unimportant day. #leadfromwithin I agree! :-)
Don't say that! This has literally worked for me, say it will be a good day and it will! Say it won't and you know the rest
Dentist aren't my thing.
I know what you mean.
got yelled at by a homeless person today... #bucketlist item #232 complete
- yeah hers is straight and long down in her back now... but I think it will work on you curly! You got SWAG! werk it! lol...
I did get your DM but it won't let me reply without you following me.
so dope dude! Your league, was mentioned on tonight! hopefully more to come
ah see you should have come over!! I totally forgot about it until real late last night!
u dated Brian adams? Of all people...
don't forget the American flag, lending a helping hand there!
lots of "horrible rumors" twitter spam today. Don't click on links in those messages.
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation; Obama is not a Gingrich-ish name dropper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned. And Bin laden
Friday the 13th, guess as long as this day doesn't follow the movie, all is well. Enjoy! Happy Friday the 13th
How many mature 16 year olds do you know? And you're attacking a child, which is much less humane
Loving this weather this morning in #Dallas! All the windows open in our house.
S/O to all my followers.
What? U and your word usage just kills me. LOL I totally agree w/ u 100%.
would I use something like this event for twitter popularity?
Georgetown student responds to Limbaugh: "This is historically the kind of language...used to silence women." Details coming up on
Here's to NOT plowing into the back of someone cause you were watching their DVD player.
What does it mean when you say two bagger?
Spending cuts! Yeah! Asskissers of liberal America.
pac man can't stop mayweather either!
Waking up to a beautiful sky and many new followers for the foundation just made our day! Thanks for spreading the word !!
Excited to hear this panel-- The Future of Lifestyle Media with
I'm sure if it was reversed you'd admit the same
Lol I wear it 4 me! ": No Female wears Weave for Herself.. Its either For Other Females acceptance or for Men.. Yall dElusional"
Tomorrow's deal looks yummy. BlueFire Bar and Grill inside the Buffalo Marriott. $20 for a $45 voucher!!
lol it is.
Jason Dufner just said his opening round at The Masters included "moments of flustration and surprisement". Quite a wordsmith.
Thanks Guys, we really appreciate it!
it was a fun day !!
In the back by the camera guy - only seats we could snag. :)
Welcome to UB ! We're excited to host your library dates with ! :) If you have any questions, let us know!
me niether i jus wanted u to prove to u that im differant than the niggas u go wit
Hun, That address you gave me is unavailable for shipping, are you sure that is your address? lyy <3
Some lady in kroger told me I have pretty hair...
What a great day lmao, what else can happen
can u follow me plzz
Traffic almost completely stopped on I-85 south near milemarker 91. Ugh.
wishing i lived somewhere where there were sidewalks
I got shot 9 times cut me some slack
yeah I did that like five years ago n was w out a phone for a long time so I learned my lesson lol
Sterling has hushed the room discussing mortality, morality, suicide and blood price for goods, services we use
Candy corn is soon going to turn on aka The Candy Corn Casa Creeper.
16 days, up to episode #38. Will be up to date soon. However, I'll be sad to wait so long between podcasts.
RT : "Business process improvement almost always comes before technology." David Edinger, CPO of Denver.
Anyone checking out #theraven tonight?
Mahomies Love Austin <-- Help & Trend it ! -Ally
you wanna be a painkiller not a vitamin
Amazing how much we can lose or gain at the gym - lose weight, gain information.
Today be blessed, be strong, be beautiful, BE YOU!
I know, we're human. We all want our cake and eat it to at times but Im only for one!!!
SimonThunder refuses radio/magazine interview! "Everything I have to say is on my sites radio/press traffickers r lame n whores 4 sensation"
If you’re not here right now, well, I feel for you.
me too.
Vegas is lovely this time of year, especially at Moorea beach club. TOPTIONAL!
And what's worse, the opposing Goalie always seems to be able to block my shots, while nearly every time the enemy shoots on me it's a goal.
So our guitarist Mikah has left the band as well to pursue other musical interests. We wish him the best in whatever he does.
Yep. Unfortunately, too many bigoted pinheads made it to the polls.
I'm just so frustrated with everything.
U still dwn south?
what time you get off
I need some me time gotta get my thoughts together my mind is everywhere
Any idea of what kind of money Winston got?
He who provides for this life but takes no care for the next is wise for a moment but a fool forever
aww thanks ashley! so is yours! :) you looked gorgeous! :)
if you ever need an outfit to match that stick up your ass....then gimme a call.
Virtual Browse is tool being developed at NCSU to respond to scholars' need for serendipitous find
“:  currently having a private party! ”India arie my FAV
already did. I love her too!
So it finally happened I finally snap....
The endurance bank will have better ROI this year. Will cash it for my A races.
If we can only be together in my dreams.. I want to sleep forever♡
“: You got blue balls from Ru Paul in a pool hall.”
OMG #yourethereason by was PERFECT <3 The music video was so beautiful!
Me too RT : I wanna fuck
So thankful I'm not in jail right now
So I wonder if Michael Jackson still had a black person's penis when he was white?
Kevin no
I hope Peter Forsberg helps us get to the playoffs. Do you still think he has it?
Establish pilot and plan for social media success
Oh hipsters and their roadbikes. Ha. How silly.
we just followed up with Scott via email. Let us know if you have any additional questions!
You know your fucked up when you hide with the whole softball team behind the school so coach doesn't see you.
I'm bout to be hittin da sheets in a min got to go to work and then see wats up wit my car once again hope for da best i really need to get.
what u got up tomorrow?
"I b tryin to chill, bitches wanna fck me...shorty must've heard, got the word, I move "D" had it by her bladder she like ooh I gotta pee"
ah - thought you were local #smgirlfriends Kids go to LosAl?
“: INSIDIOUS was great! Could be the best PG-13 #horror movie ever!” agreed!!
Was just verbally assaulted by a homeless man in red boxer briefs. Thanks NYC! Lol
See you there!
Here's to hoping justice will finally be served for Srebrenica victims and their families.
I had a crap day too. I hope things get better for you fast.
That moment when u get so high u consider not smokin anymore lol O_o
": Got my new workout skirt today, just in time for this week's long run! Thank you! So excited to run in it!"
Enjoying hearing the rain fall outside. Such a nice day for taking a nap.
i just peed on the carpet 4 times in 4 dif places in the matter of 10 min. The Kissy lady looks pisssssed, no put intended =(
how did you do it? Seriously, everyday i get further behind! #whatsthesecret?
Especially with the ridiculous "formula" that proves that women = evil. Collectively, humans as a species are so dumb.
Repubs use the debt as an excuse to cut social programs, why else has every modern R POTUS massively increased it?
Just breathe hoe
how to delete flex markers in logic.. friday night what what
also be willing to walk away if it doesn't work out. And don't discuss financing or trade-ins until after agreement on price.
done:) x
We are all chum.
My TL is a Combo of tweets Love & Hate for either the #Lakers or
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself..... a nice big piece of cake. :')
latest iTunes update has made all the text look like shit!
Celebrate America and Summer Vacation with this weeks Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on productionvault!
Too many. But I'll go with the next from the Swingers guy: "Go".
America's Got Talent?
hit me up bro, been trying to reach u at ur email addy!
As of now djlilsyn.com is still down but will be up by tomorrow afternoon
Museum Bar should Let Carlos run the place
This lightning almost gave me a heart attack several times.
solid sketchy night with , , and
Check out the interview MVP did with the Miami Herald. Lots of great stuff including a bunch on Lord of War.
wait it really does that for ALL the colleges? That's ridiculous! (I can't wait until Fordham day for me!!)
oh hell naaaaaa i will throw a cookie to the fire and u will go running after it and u will brun to death >:)
I seen a lot of tweets that sound like fortune cookie bullshit lol
hate cleaning.. |:
Rock Chalk Luke!
Teamobieber♥ let's keep it trending! TeAmoBieber♥
HUH? Claim a cash prize???
can you brine a frozen turkey that has been thawed, or do you need to use a fresh one?
Are chemical companies to blame when my own boogers make my mouth numb? I guess you can't even safely eat your own boogers anymore?
Congrats on getting back in the field today!
I can get you two because my dad's a cast member but I have to ask! :)
hey im symmetrical as shit
This is awesome I want to play IU and Duke so bad!!
good news!!!!
On the other hand, feeling so sick is not fun. Meh.
No doubt, Flex is a Beast! One of My Favorite Competitors! Wow! You Must really like him! Lol
there are so many topics and debates- twitter is really wonderful for that! But for my own sanity I have to pick my battles
GROSS and ASTONISHING.
My family is full of #lawyers. Worked for solos for over 25 years. I luv my #attorneys!
Haha so is that RT considered a YES?
you guys should check out Orggit! It's your life on the cloud.www.orggit.com
kinda wish i had school today! wanna see
ok W.E he is to me he might not to you but is very handsome :)
By the end of the #weekend we will know who is going to play #BYU in the #BellAFB. We can't wait to see who it's going to be!
Its hard to digger your boyfriend when he's a ninja.
Is your dj at Miami's best happy hour now til midnight at Area 31, 16th floor of the EPIC Hotel..
wow am I finally going to get to see the digiboard?
I've gotten more pissed off today than I have in the last few weeks combined. Oops.
i have the bestfriends in the world, justsayin :)
Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&wishUwere me!
Bill Clinton is at the NRF Trade Show
Hi Fred thanks for following me l look forward to getting to know you better who knows maybe someday we could work together?
the story bout the Nats puttin icy hot in Strasburg's jock strap yesterday is HILARIOUS. Definitely explains why he got ROCKED by the Padres
I don't even remember half of this piranas movie.... lol
Oracle and Java were no match for Android, Google says
I wont give up on you
It's raining and shitty now im a brat
Good Morning, Friends! ;-) RT : i feel so out of touch
Cmon Penguins get yourself together.
Hey! I would love to interview! I will hit you up after my Temple Grandin interview! ! Thank you!!
I look at my generation and I find #hope... The people in power may call us young and naive but buddy #change was meant to happen
We should start a band. :)
Busy, busy, busy... Now booking model development #photoshoots for September.
Prices are very competitive and delivery is timely. They offer PowerPoint templates for various sizes. A sure fit!
hahaha I'm coaching from home!
RT : Breaking news on #CNN now: Plot to blow up U.S.-bound jet foiled
Congratulations to JFG Career Coach Cindy Clark for receiving the "Unsung Heroes Award" from the Department of Juvenile Justice.
she HATES that song. I've never actually heard it. I've heard her version of it.
waiting out the fire alarm. its all will power and headphones
Everybody and their grandmas be thinking they're artists.
Happy #Easter to every one :)
Everyone wants to be good at basketball but no one wants to work hard to get there
Yes Thank You XOX
there response to that might help narrow the contendors of who it might be.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some custody orders have detailed provisions for international travel with the children, and others do not.
I never said it had to be you. I just said someone in general. But no fat chicks.
lol! I highly doubt it
Good luck jul! RT : My Surgery is finally tomorrow, pray for me!
Finished a Christmas tune for the new Hey! It's Christmas comp (will be out soon!). Ye olde Scottish/French carol. Details soon!
true story. well, we know how to spell them anyways.
Upfronts are next week. Why are all the shows getting officially renewed/cancelled/picked up this week? I can't keep up!
Now that would be great! Interesting major as well. Really outside the box.
and it's only may, what the hell?
Homework break at Orange Leaf...thank you Mama Chavez :))
hey oh!
hey stranger! we gotta get to a game hunny bunches :-P
time to get swole and faster this summer lol
Hey Donnie my bday is Sunday can you please tweet me im one of your biggest fans and it would mean the world to me.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
gettin' hungry. Thanks for sharing :)
that makes me so sad! I love him! This is like blowing my mind bc I like just watched 2.5 then this happened
already sitting in moscone with my badge!
lmao high school & middle school days
I have a strong feeling somebody gone get cursed out from A-Z REAL SOON.
Bulls game, myself quarters not periods. Then I remembered, so was/is playoff hockey... ;)
Heart-breaking stories from #parents of kids w/ #differences tonight
Could you just move that over 1/2 a pixel?
Expert: Another woman woke up with ax on nightstand next morning. Realized she texted partner, said she saw someone in kitchen. No memory.
nope found that one. Heard it M/T but it was when I was hitting "snooze" beginning to think I imagined it... Thanks for trying!
RT Recommendation: misread either "dear husband" for "digital humanities" (or vice versa, depending on context) for uses of "DH"
At each level of play in the celebrity poker tournament, a re-buy is available for $200 for an open bracket to the final table.
Lol! I'm grown... You need to be in bed...Lol
It's his grandpa!
night twitter~peace again
what's up people?? New shitz coming sooonnnnnnnnn
I wish you could go to prom with me that would be amazing
you can have her, i hate girls ! Goodnight big bro!
That's the only explanation..it was too real!!! There is NO faking in that moaning there. lol
I GOTTA COUPLE STACKS NA ROGER DAT
#FF = Follow Friday... We are recommending good stuff for you to follow!
wow, after canvass fmr NC Sen Shaw (D) now in 3rd place in Senate 21 primary by just 4 votes!!! will be runoff but not w/ Shaw
nice im spanish to i asked because my aunts name is carolina lol and you a Mahomie:D
It's 1:33 in the morning and I just finished doing my makeup . . . Im such a girl ( ; Haha. Been a good day today ( :
Love ♥ by ! All of us are excited about your show center!
Duke professor leaves classroom, hopes to restore importance of language ... - News &amp; Observer
i got no problem with LA, hope yall win this series eventually. Gasol is my white boy. haha
thank you. wish there was more we could do for family--unimaginable heartache.
Overheard conversation, "Guess what?? I'm becoming a slut again! I hooked up with two people this weekend!! YES!!"
I want sum nuggets from uh.. wendys
Gonna take a ride east to see my brother and listen to some very much needed Fleetwood Mac.
Big bday smooches to my love, !
90% of those students carry a balance month-to-month
Many thanks to the c, g, and e crew on NOWK. They made it happen!
Watching dead poets society and they just referenced a collect call.
Wish TNT inside the nba had an App where I could listen in
Oh I would so love to join but this is a really tough work week for me. Really glad to know about it though!
I just want a cowboy damit!!!!
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
are there 2 vietnam cafes?
I think im sick
That's funny "clod" should be "cold". ;-)
Everybody has a say, it depends whether they want to be heard or not
I got around to buying Gutenberg-Loved it! As an ed technologist I love the concept of the "slowness" of disruption of the net.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Heard back from HQ. Sadly you guys won't cover the repair. :( I understand why, but it still stinks.
#FoxSportsNetwork seems to favor Iowa rather than the east coast. #MajorFailure College football is not their strength.
how old r u
: - I have the same setup - I'm sitting Fitz. Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
Random girl to me while passing in the street "God Loves You" -- very nice thing to say but very random while crossing street.
more longterm? RT : #lsmplace it costs as much to build a bad building as to build a good one. Same with a street
M. I may have to get those growing next season, they sound great.
As much as I hate bio, Derek Tom and Alexandra are too funny😂
Hoping all my beautiful chicas had an amazing mamas day u all deserve it!!!!!!
Thank you for following us on Twitter. We are following you as well. =)
Outreach concerts at Aspire East Palo Alto Charter School and the Encinal School in Atherton today.
My goal is to write about Mysticism, Islamic and Christian and how it can heal the rift with science (rift from theology).
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber
you actually said "lol"?
never been a fan of Ron Artest since he had that fight in the stands a few years ago. Not surprised.
is ayo bates in ur room
Real niggas do real things RT : cool. I hate when niggaz play cool and won't hit a few buttons for u
Freakin freezing monkey balls out here
Just a reminder, HIBF 2012 will be on Sat, April 14 from 11:00 to 5:00. The event is completely free and open to the public
Thanks! We designed a bracelet to support the 50 Finest celebration. We donated $10 from each bracelet. We <3 fundraisers!
i got a big day today. 200m finalist for City Championship
u can be kwan's cousin from Korea
feel like I should whisper this. Almost finished #editing! Should be done Saturday. How bout u? Anything from agent?
Me and my husband take public display of our affection for each other to a whole other level smh we damn near got it in on the bowling lane!
:( I'm going on tcoc today <3
Is it just me or is your HD channel mostly just a SD feed?
Opening at 6:45am Friday for World Cup Opener (Mexico vs South Africa). Also showing France vs Uruguay at 11:30am.
when I go to reply, it still has it! O;
need an eye patch delivered to mcfaddens
We were at the Aon building earlier... RT : where's the food truck today?
Appreciate the RT's :)
I don't know what to do with myself. I have all these updates to read.
#PrayForCaitlin She Has Stomach Cancer<3
I find it so entertaining when I walk around my floor and hear Call Me Maybe being blasted from the bro rooms
I'm enjoying the sense of community I feel with all these #AtTheDriveIn fans coming out of the woodwork this past week. That is all.
Wow! Our photo grad is headed to Antarctica! MT I've been chosen to be an Artist-in-Residence on an Argentine scientific base
Woke up late for work. Got pulled over on the way to work. Friday can't get here fast enough
Obama: 'the money we spent on war - take half to pay our debt and take the other half to put into nation building at home'
did you message their Facebook page and ask where they found it?
Check out "Girls that Can Kick Your Ass" - Jean Fry - in this month's Power magazine!! She's my BFF and she is absolutely amazing :)
This pizza and garlic bread
I really hate when i'm texting a guy i like and they don't text back .. fml .
I have teased him for 31 years about it. LOL": That's funny.... #WellNotForHim : )"
Thanks for your input. We're working to expand options at Terminal 2 within the next year. Stay tuned.
In the end, I can't help but think it's just better etiquette to start w/ business-dedicated methods.
Seems like the last day of the year makes you think about everything you do. =)
Is that Wilmer Valderrama in your Twitter picture background?!
I kinda wanna be the dude who carries the question mark sign at Trader Joe's
If they honestly think he's got a future, they screwed him tonight. Stupid to bury a champ
She also pushed for govt insurance to cover sex change operations.
Nothing capable of being memorized is history.
Great PRSA media breakfast this morning!
DAVE THE MINION FROM DESPICABLE ME.(:
This is one of those nights I'll remember after Dirk retires. Team -> Dirk's back.
Anyone wanna get something to eat?
Maybe shes workin on becoming a saddle whisperer. :)
According to english, I have a reading level of a 7th grader. In 8th grade I had a college reading level. Somethings not righ.
I say, if you can't find it, Google it!!
breaks the kiss and puts you down but pulls you close to me
CBRE Wins CoreNet Global Innovator's Award for Global LaborView Platform
Wtf was that call??
So we started out going to the #SDFair and ended up at #Disneyland. What's a few more miles?! Yeah, that's how we roll. ;)~
text me you fool 😒
Can't tell u how many x's her friends "Ur mom has twitter? Uh That's weird! She has more followers than me."
Facebook's Marne Levine: "Right to be forgotten" not very realistic
I miss you baaaabygirl!
great game last night & awesome series! We are all glad you are a true Vancouver Canuck! Welcome to Canada bitch!
ps that cookie was good
What types of tells were you picking up on players at the final table?
shock ur nipples jordan...dont do it
Just got back from a wonderful vacation visiting my family in OR! Have to love the NW summers when compared to our Phoenix HEAT.
Tough times never last tough people do
just want to make an ass out of you and me.
Not in my backyard! Plymouth residents rally against proposed high voltage power line. Story on 12 at 4,5, & 6 o'clock.
In serious danger of this being the year my #Nats fandom overtakes my #Braves fandom. Is the seventh #DC summer the charm?
Thank you for the inspiration, Leslie!
One night your gonna lay in bed, and think of me, and wish that things can be the way they used to be </3
Happy New Year tweeps!
I've graduated to the Hot & Spicy favors of ramen. I think that means I'm finally a man.
I'm satisfying guilty pleasures. #TheXFiles Up to Season-5.
Can u say a watcher!! It caught me..
Giving thanks for divinely orchestrated detours. dmp
Much thanks for the #FF shout-outs!
well yeah he may just go there to retire and do mission trips.
WELL THE CHALLENGE HAS BEEN PRESENTED SO NOW WHERE IS THE BATTLE FIELD AND WHEN?
#BandsILove ONE DIRECTION, and A Day To Remember
Nude is all over the red carpet! Loving it!
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. -Ray Bradbury
How to get two little boys who don't know each other to immediately know each other: So, guys, what video games do you like?
No worries. :D Yes, I love them. They're the perfect couple and run a fantastic business. I live a block away and actually have.
We walked Madeleine Albright to the car and before she left and said to us: "I can't leave without shaking all your hands." Classy.
Two steps ahead of you, we are going to Camp Sunshine on June 11th
I wanna slap the fucking bitches that broke Austin's heart. He doesnt deserve it.
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. -Richard Cecil
#BOYFRIENDReview It shows us that you're growing up but you still follow your heart!!
/it's you/
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont sleeping with socks.
" It's always too soon to quit" - Norman Vincent Peale
Each type of is blended for differing uses and flavors. Which olive oil is your "go to" choice?
Good band RT : Fab photo shoot with wrapped. The sun is shining, I have a big glass of vinho verde..
I've felt it coming all season but tonight clinched it: I no longer love Roger. He is terrible.
oh you're so witty 😒
What's up my twits
Sorry had me sittin on your lap hah! Pray for him!
don't be afraid of the dark is so god!! the ending was soo #sad. Why did it have to end that way? :'(
#FunFactAboutMe I never knew that tomato was spelled without an 'e', cuz tomatoes has one -- glad I checked
Practicing song "Live On", hopeful to get it recorded. Tongo is in a halt
#fspam5k Day. Celebrate by growing a beard.
as long as u have Blackstreet u don't need anything else ;)
Everyone my prom June1 who comming?
i want to meet this guy. Maybe he is a super hero at night that fights bay area crime on 6th street!
Let's go Los Angeles Kings!
Woaaaahhhh he is stripping hahaha .... His body is real nice but that doesn't even look real.
This show will always be remembered as the tornado show !
Oh how I'm going to miss my Desperate Housewives
Too many Mosquitos. I'm not trying to catch Malaria
I'm an actor that's a conservative, and refuses to let liberals dominate the industry. If it burns my career, well...
Video would be pretty great, especially since this is a popular topic!
previous questions referenced
He is an incredibly resourceful individual who often teaches himself only needing snippets of internet pages alone2 do so
"y'all some high rollers and y'all broke"... debo
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
It's chill, you don't needa text me back!
Biggie's and Pac's story are still so sad everytime I hear it
Youve got that right. lol Every country, every issue, every solution. Almost "every", I should say.
Just wrapped up shooting video and photos for cancer prom. Lots of fun and smiles.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
who makes this beautiful light?
have I googled santorum?! Mon frere, I've been around the tubes long enuf to have sent in a suggestion to Savage's original poll!
seeing your smile is the b e s t part of my day. (:
its obvious to me now i still care so much about him.....
#iwasthinkin that California is the place to be!
woo-hoo “: AP: Mississippi voters reject ballot initiative 26, "personhood amendment"”
Pretty nice seats for Mike T. at the bucco game.
Hey fans! Any fun weekend plans?
Describing medieval blindstamped bindings is an exercise in making up adjectives.
playstub.com has a new homepage. What do you guys think?
A no-no for Roy!!!! The legend of Doctober begins!!!!!!
Happy Birthday!
RT : I'm excited to be part of my first #ThatCamp in June. Thanks, !
hey look forward to visiting the new space - congrats on move to new DUMBO!
Chris Brown, you blew it... Jumping on blocks does not a "grammy comeback" make...
I rather hold my head high and die, then live and duck
I agree...he's been a tremendous addition! Great find by Chad Buchanan & his staff.
Cookie baking with my mom and kids tonight. Can't go. Next time.
Snorts & Snores right back :)
Tonight we shall.
Los Angeles looks lil better Thurs/Fri... and again next week! :o) RT : Can you fix LA weather?!? Gloomy and cold. Geez.
RT "Prayer honors God, acknowledges His being, exalts His power, adores His providence, secures His aid." E. M. Bounds
is listening to the sounds of silence, whirring computer fan and keening LCD, wondering where this conversation is going.
I wanted Raven to win, but also Tyra was pretty good! Good Luck to all of them, hoping Episode 3 will be cool as the other ones!
"When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts." Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle.
And people say LeBron's "The Decision" was a horrible thing to do. It's getting worse every day.
Before 1850 clothes were hand stitched by those that wore them. Clothes were not made for fashion, but rather for commodity.
DS: If Flacco wants Top 5 $$$ for a QB, dueces. See ya later bud. I think his agent is just trying to boost his value, but we'll see.
it was great! Clean and organized. We'll see how long it lasts that way.
-Follow mee ; I follow back(:
It's game time!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: D’Angelo McLinton ⁰Rising 11th ⁰Shreveport, LA ⁰Travel Team: Fair Park High School ⁰Point Guard 5’9
The more love you give out~ the more love you produce within yourself.
How does this work?
Miami is killing NY!!!!
im kennedy . lolol . but Kennedy is kennedy franklin . princeton and her had some kind of " thing " going on earlier .
During convo about if we would ever bring #Beertown back... EYQ: "Can we have a pot-luck salad bar instead of dessert bar?"
How long will it last?
Life advice from : "We should all give up." This is why I love this woman.
thanks so much for the follow Jenni! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
RT : Going to be sharing something VERY interesting about Pinterest in the first 5 minutes of #higheredlive today.[I'm interested]
So what the deal ridaz?
send resumes to
coaching + training = 88% in team productivity! Trove, Inc. can help. This is the season for company off sights.
I am..but crap nasty fool
": just seems like something you would tell me YOURSELF" I told exactly NOBODY...lol u know how it is
that's why you always have to have that backup gym bag in the car!
Being a Cowboys fan is detrimental to my health for sure!
You're much too pretty to be Sasquatch...and I say that in a non-gay way.
someone thinks I am someone else, Dawn Reese Show is A New show that is out , and there are other Dawn M Reese out there, Do your Research
A comfy Canyon Group chenille robe is a holiday gift she will LOVE! Made entirely in the USA! www.rosegardenboutique.com
Enjoying the many amenities at the fantastic for the #ASLRRA2012. Great job, guys.
and I was at the doctors :(
They are playing Christopher Cross' "ride like the wind" in Safeway. Only one of the moat badass songs EVER.
In 3 Weeks it goes down at the MGM #MayweatherCotto can't wait. Finally 24/7 starts tonight too
Oil sands pronunciation guide. RT : For the record, I am pro- bit-chew-min, and anti- bit-ah-min, beh-too-min and Bye-two-minh
We like Ohio nachos more than some people sometimes. Especially if you don't have to share. ; )
This case of the Mondays I can handle. Full afternoon of rock climbing planned at The Edge Rock Gym in Jax!
Wil do!!!! Im Getting old lol
get ya some then i bet you be walking alot :( you might also need a foot massage too tho if you lived close i would provide dat
congrats!!! Keep it up, YOU CAN DOIT!
Today 1942: Joseph McCarthy, later famous for communist witch hunts, was sworn in as a 1st Lt. in the Marines. As an Intelligence officer.
also great gif
Happy Passover and Happy Easter to my ppl!!! : ) xx
That I cannot buy or believe! NOT!!
Depart of Energy states that America’s buildings account for approx 40% of total U.S. energy consumption, costing $400 billion annually.
Pretty sure I would hate a chef or a restaurant that banishes onions or garlic.
I can't do this crap anymore! 😭 I just want to go too bed.
When you watch the highlights of the game Lakers should of won..
"This cock ain't gonna cum by itself." - me to you.
"If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." Vincent Van Gogh
Hi Sam! I'd be happy to help you w/rental. I went to Nova from 89-91 too! Send e-mail to josie(dot)mazz(at)allentate(dot)com
We know you would Example A: Roshons EP Release! LOL!
Wanna play with Molotov Solution and Rose Funeral? Email !
Have fun! : I'm off today...and tomorrow...and the weekend...and...wait for it...I'm off Monday, too! #YayYayYay !
you are rappers and producers
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt -- Charles M. Schulz
hear hear to that! Everyone knows SNSD will win if they are even an option, not much of a chance for anyone else!
It's true, I eat Halal all the time
I feel the exact same WaY
Subtweeting yourself? RT : SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY NO ONE CARES, DAMN.
Top issues here. Higher Education costs are out of control and cut constant cuts to K-12 are unacceptable.
Kid: Na! Na! Na! Mom? Parent: If you keep doing that, I won't listen to you. Kid: Na! Na! Na! Mom? Parent: What do you want??
I think I might make Bag next on my reading docket. I just love it. It's been a fabulous reading year so far.
that's what we were saying too - WAY EARLY!
Lmfao the giraffe in ZooKeeper is lol funny haha
U R are so sweet! This day is so beautiful! I'm w my grandson Zaden! 3/29 is an amazing date in my life! Thanks for remembering!
Thanks for the follow guys! Love your website...
Silver lining is a good place to start
Just Finished My Math Test... Don't Think I Did So Good :/
Hate this.
Hard to believe with those blades growing out of your fingers.
In the midst of being tamed........
We become what we pretend to be, so be careful about what you pretend to be.
cont...VEKS-3,...and many more!!!..4-10 pm,.PLACE GALLERY, corner,of MAIN AND CHARLESTON,..LV,NV!!!!
Sofia is BEAUTIFUL!
thank you! wonderfantabulous? I will do my darndest! :D
i dont trust these bitches i dont i dont trust these bitches cause they all have me trippin
Mormons don't use a cross as symbolic as it symbolizes Christ's death rather than his resurrection.
make the rice OH SNAP IM A FOOD COOK :] ehhehheheh yah yah im a good cook takes Skills to make this shiznets!!
avengers w/ my sis today for the bday. ain't tryin to do too much.
Actually it's Fri 4/20 presents digital content symposium. Looking forward to Q&A with faculty.
please release #HyruleHistoria in English! You won't regret it!
Problem of big banks has parallels with extinction of dinosaurs. Global economy can't heal without elimination of these outsize parasites.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
HOUSE OF COATES, Brad Zellar. Intimate, solemn, heroic, gritty spotlight on normally unnoticed landscapes, interiors, & people.
Early going Friday I have plays posted from 92 cappers with 4 college consensus so far and off a 2-2 day with consensus plays..Back later
ugh i still haven't done my geometry hw, that i been having to do since friday..
That shift wore me out
I hope Metta World Piece just fucks the Thunder up
Tommy Wells is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 6
"If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate." #andypoll: share your favorite saying.
Theres nothin a little saturday night live cant fix.
Myself and ! RT : Any NYC runners running Broad Street on Sunday?
Braces off!!!
Should be interesting RT : Gertzog: American Needle widely misunderstd, #nfl not single entity. expects win on rule of reason
nope, didn't look like he touched him.
Most definitely! Juniors are ready.
Yep. Wear hats, use sunscreen. Been there, done that.
Happily distributing em dash how-to info like Johnny Appleseed. For macs: shit+option+hyphen = —
Both offenses go scoreless on their first series. First-team O back on the field, starting at their 39
#friendsatsnarfs = #friends4life has been done a thing. since the grand opening on march 1st..
No I'm not lucky, I'm blessed..yes.
Schiraldi: Only high-risk, dangerous kids should be in facilities. Kids should be treated in homes whenever possible.
Straight flame
what is it called
Maybe I should paint my nails before I bite them all off
Really, Can I feel it?
I have been off Twitter for a few days. I thought I'd come back on with nothing but insight but, like Justin Beiber, I got nothing.
candles, i want candles.
Via , if Dale Hunter were to leave the #Caps, possible replacements include Paul Maurice, Marc Crawford or Bob Hartley.
We're on holiday vacation after today, so until next year, Have a Happy, Healthy, Safe, and ROCKING Christmas & New Year! KEEP ON ROCKING!!
hey srry for late reply been busy
whoops, i dunno! :-X
YOOOOO JR SMITHS DUNK >>>>>>>
i want my old life back ! why does my life have to be affected because of this ?! i just want my daddy back .
The Giants are the favorite to clench the NFC East in our Facebook Challenge question this week. Submit your answer to win $10!
Students at Corrales Elem. School are being dismissed due to an water outage.
Why thank u ;-) RT : That blue verified check looks good on you. :)
It feels so good to relax after a long, easy day at work. Lol It's for sure not always easy so I'll take it when I can.
Right. That nuance it tough to explain to someone who watched Cronkite and could believe every word.
Gonna get aggressive. did we just become best friends
Hey lady...Happy New Year!!! :)
thanks, sorry this is so late! I am super excited about the place! Glad you like it! :)
This is going to be a very long night, I can already tell. I`m going to need some coffee.
liked the price change letter - very nicely said. can't wait to give you all kinds of shit about it tomorrow.
#4famouswords I met someone else.
MacPherson Group and Associates love the Charity in Bloom Arrangements!
doctor appt again?
Dang that didn't help
just got a ticket from the boys in blue cos #nyc needs to meet their quota for the month!
Mad in love sometimes make the lovers crazier and they start describing the world as if they have just found out about its beauty
how was your first day back?
agree.. turn down the volume
Amen sista! Miss you, and y'all, you're in for a treat this season. Melissa is ON like DONKEY KONG! Figaro Figaro
Back to school tomorrow -__-
#AwkwardMoment when you realize that you shouldn't have sent that text.
hey-- are you in Boston this weekend? I'm here for the Sloan conference; heading over to tour Sam Adams now...
I ain't goin' I gotta get a stunt gun just in case I have to sit his ass down one day, Imma do like the kid off of Hangover
So sorry Dawn! Thinking of your Simba!
Thing I hate about the new job is the fact I am taking more United flights. No status. Always last in line.
Great new member coffee with in La Jolla this morning. PS, pumpkin spice lattes at SBUX are delicious!
it reminds me of us..<3
I'm heading to the concert at 3:30-4 o'clock if your down to get a good spot hmu. We'll be camping out. Bring supplies
I want to hang out with you guys!
Minneapolis may be my favorite airport so far.
#crowdsourcing experiment #1: tweet back with a pic of the #fullmoon from your vantage point if you can see it
I do agree he is adorable and so sweet! He will one day I will make sure of it even if we have to write Dan letters
yeah he said tht. And u usually do tho. I didnt even get him
Tried the salty caramel shake at Good Stuff today. Pretty damn tasty.
Happy vday to all the love birds out there
Official US Navy War of 1812 commemorations
Possibly my last ortho check before my braces come off. If only you could see my excitement right now.
I love a rascal.
Don't forget to pick up your Twitter Sticker at Registration to share your Twitter handle w/the rest of the #CLbrT2012 attendees!
we can help eachother achieve our dreams Bro #muchlove RT
Aww, well next week, we will ALL be back. And drugs?? Oh man! The excitement always happens when Im gone ;)
Not good when your backup drive starts to look like a black hole. bit.ly/q34IgU
Only during the summer. Now until the end of July. First tournament in Tybee Island next weekend
I will be able to spin the party in LA. If you provide sound, I will have the tables
Have a COLD ONE for me.....
where at bros?
The majority of what we call management consists of making it tough for people to get their work completed.
agree, how we view and share is different but the hard set television isn't dead.
In tea production artificial rolling of the leaves releases juices and enzymes that cause fermentation, later controlled by applying heat.
Congratulations Tori and Dean!
Thinking of failure as the enemy of #success? You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it
Hey cuz gonna try & tune in from LA & listen to you & Tristen on the radio. Luv & miss u guys lots! XoXoXo. :)
What explains smartness of groups? Hint: individual intelligence of the members doesn't explain much of the variance. #NEASC11 Chabris
Everyone should follow
They Mow the lawn at our school everyday
AutoHarvest, DHS and TARDEC Sign Technological Innovation Information Collaboration Agreement
RT : Preparing for the 450th dedication ceremony tomorrow. Also a weekend of living history to come
oh ok I see
ITS A FUMBLE....Broncos ball
I'm 21 As Of 49 Minutes Ago....Time To Go Ham
Make no mistake about it. Obama administration has given a green light to black savages to attack white people, they won't be arrested. BANG
I HAVE BEEN UNDER MORE THAN NORMAL STRESS. STRESS IN MY OPINION RIGHT IS LIVING AS AN ALBINO IN TANZANIA, NOW THAT WOULD BE STRESSFUL.
Thanks for retweeting the Kathy Ireland video!
I wish you could care as much as i do .
Sometimes the crap that goes viral on the Internet still surprises me.
now you know how I feel -_-
and those who don't get it dont get they dont get it. glad i get it.
Power of the people is stronger than the people in power
Why is McDonald's Coke superior to all over Cokes? Discuss.
Connected Ladies in Canada - Meet brands face 2 face in Toronto October 20 -could attend for FREE www.shesconnectedconference.com
The power went off in my whole neighborhood and I'm afraid of the dark...eeep!
you can say that again :-)
Don't forget that Panther Creek offers holiday gift certifitcates. Nothing says "I love you" more than a pallet of sod!
oh missed the part about already having an LTE phone. Guess in your case it paid to be an early adopter
RT : People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. -#nevergiveup rt
To my Beloved Friends: I sincerely apologize for the next several years of shameless self-promotion. Please still love me :)
depends what your definition of acceptable is.
Thanks brother, hope the family and love ones good as well. RT : Good Stuff homie!
navigate to the gh-pages branch for content, as indicated in the master branch readme
how much u trying to spend?
Just beyond amethyst violet is the vibration you can't see. Ultraviolet. You can think it. The answer is yes and the feeling.
and why is that?
Yeah, but this time with Johnny Depp! (Cough) RT : Tim Burton Makes Same Movie Again
It wasn't about you!
Being forced out of the house. I better have a fun ass day or I'll be pissed.
My boyfriend : cute , funny , sweet , a simp lol , diary , bestfriend , smart , & pretty close to perfect <3
If you ain't doing anything with the few opportunities you have now...Don't think you would do something with more opportunities?
Tonight Atlanta!! Go see at for some serious musical satisfaction.
We've got DJ Beach at Chi Cha tonight. Hookah anyone?
true I'm bout to text ya neighbor we blowing twitter up lol
Thanks for the suggestion! We're always looking for inspiration!
ever had that feeling when you are hungry but you don't know what to eat and you don't feel like eating but your stomach's really hungry?=(
Nice to be back in the land of Enchantment. Happy Monday everyone! from
dude be getting it popping... Very smart rapper Chris!
i had strawberries, champagne and chocolate for dinner last night, and i decided i'm going to start doing that every night for dinner
right on, hadnt heard that weezy track.Nice! "Politics as usual" was my joint too!
wow I hate you
u are a nut!!!LOL! Enjoy your time while they are in school!
oh no what's happened??
you should buy old albums of cynthia stewart an listen till your ears fall off
I love song "Sleazy" haha... I guess you can call me sleazy... Cuz I'm def feeling this song! ❤🎶🎶
saturday's panel was well attended, thanks to all who came!
awww thanks darlin! Miss your face.
So hard to get noticed by these days... It's because of all the mahomies!
#Rangers on the board on their first shot
I have really sharp pains between my neck and shoulders :(
hey niall!! how have you been doing? hope you like Australia! :)
frostwire is messed up point blank
so, how many reproductive cells does it kill? lol
Woke up late and tired!!!!
This medicine is making me hungry as fuck..
I just wanna fuck u cause u cute .so wat do it do ?
must... resist... tvtropes...
Clouds will continue to be stubborn through most of today, latest forecast info suggests clearing after 5-6pm for
Make sure you frisk me good. Check my panties and my bra
yes, i got tickets, membership card, the computer stick and letter in my package
Saw this happen last night! Very scary. Glad he's okay.
Who wants to go see the dictator tomorrow?
Waiting for a human to OK my account, and then I'll sign in to vote. Haven't forgotten you!
congrats! What class/prof is your last?
#dejablackout you're ruining my back bay experience right now.
Little sisters softball game :)
save your energy for LA :)
that's still a thing? ew.
Appreciate the follow!
Come on guys hurry up they are going like hotcakes!!
Neal Dhand & crew! Congrats on directing the fest's first sold out show-Second-Story Man. Save us a seat tonight! #ROC 3360365
Cool! As this technology becomes commonplace, #millennials won't have to take a pay cut for access and remote offices.
"You've got a problem, Candy Man." "I make the world go 'round." Haha
#np Chasing After You
this person really got me fucked up...
na just chillin listening to protest the hero whats up?
im just passing through not going there :/
Dancing, smizing with fellow Okies, and Ursher??? Sounds like the perfect night!
Been in school for 2 weeks and already ready for it to be over.
Boston Will play Philadelphia in the second round for the 3rd consecutive year...... Just, a little different this time.
#Cancer where MB will take you on your birthday: water park
Give Me A Shout Out
FINALLY a Bears app. Bear down!!!
Sometimes apps I have not downloaded appear on my phone :/
Damn I'm getting fat
Hit like if you started your day with 2 cups (16 ounces) of water.
um... it's not? In theory can I call you white Travis?
Teach me how to rewind, rewind.
Hello Emmett: Thanks for the follow. I like the work you are doing on Jordan's River. Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
You two are really annoying
minor procedure, grant hill, who is 37, came back in 2 weeks this season w/same. Horford had surgery for torn pectoral
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
That Rango movie it is so good , excellent...
thanks for passing along our articles to your friends!
and do the mice have weapons? a manifesto? Do we *know* they are not indigenous?
Even mike tyson thinks my voice is high
Im a typically a Brewer apologist but Ive been pulling my hair out for a week now. LOL Im starting over tonight
I hate when girls wanna trip, not be friends, and call me names..over a boy that im not even stunting smh
experienced #android development for #apps and native
It was great. Talks on reducing arrhythmia, homebrew sleep sensing, goal setting and social networking aggregation. Video soon!
Begining to doubt the idea of a video. But I ain't sure yet.
Louis Spraggins is a hater. That's it #thatsall LMBAO!
thx for the shout out gurl ;)
he said that he wouldn't pay to see ja rule hologram, he called him bloody butt and he said rule is done cuz of his album sells
Except that the Giants HIT in the playoffs, and the Phillies dont...kind of sad.
I called them on it and told them abt Em's live tweets. Still called it just knocking.
No mixer - All the party is set for tomorrow night! :)
RT Tomorrow morning will host former Senator Arlen Specter on his MSNBC show
Your silly :)
very long day.....
Who here reviews books and interviews authors & publishers? Hit me up people.
no doubt the skies are safer without your IPOD. No telling what type of music you are listening to.
4th Meal is never a good idea.
RT : Girardi gets loose puck in front, and the #Rangers lead 2-0. 9:04. They're going crazy at MSG.
I can't believe my dad just asked me what my birthday was because he forgot!! Unbelievable!!!!!
Nothing like sharing news with extended family to help me realize that I descend from crazy.
Sacrifice and offering you did not desire, but my ears you have pierced, burnt offerings and sin offerings you did not require. Psalm 40:6
Idk Why females love me ,When im such an asshole <3
Don't miss ASHP at the AHA! talking on the Playing the Past panel Friday 2:30-4:30
Just introduced mother to BBC iPlayer and 4OD
Aces Up Video....... Check It Out!!
The new reality of business demands that we rethink all of our previous conceptions
You are soo mean :)
it was a "cussing and flushing" experience.
Doing a pass of 'Bros V. Hoes' and literally LOL-ing.
I've been in Fl for the last 3 months and this is only the 2nd day it has rained.
"When the country started, voting was restricted to citizens w a financial stake in small govt. Now anyone with a pulse can vote."
Someone from Michoacán naming their kid "Brittany" is funny.
you have a number of huge fans in our office. Could we possibly get an autographed photo of you?
Yeah, I think SS is doing the NOV 6 show. They are "100% sure that is the right line-up."
eat & digest, rest & progress
Thanks Man. I think I am going for drinks tonight somewhere if you are free? Not for sure yet tho.
Check out Kenneth Gronbach's books to really get a deep understanding of demographic shifts and how you can best capitalize on these changes
Why do I enjoy the movie Food Inc. so much??
cannot wait to become a #RedWolf!
Glad you like it. Your concept was up my alley.
I know I am the bad one when it comes to smelly lunches. I can't help being the most adventurous eater though!
The only people who say worse things about politicians than reporters do are other politicians.
maybe up there pouring 35 miles south :(
"#Supermoon" happens 4x a year. (Just means the moon will appear 14% bigger. 11:35pm eastern time is peak.)
"The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions." - William F. Scholavino
Good video, but why not use 04 presser promising no run in 08 because he "likes to know what I'm doing before I apply for a job"?
*runs out of the office*
rt this if you think is attractive to gay guys!
a guy or gurl telling there gf or bf they love them shouldn't be found in lyrics you looked up smh # pathetic
One reason y im not a Laker fan.
sometimes the prettiest are left single because they are too intimidating for men to approach
Happy Mothers Day to my mommmaa ❤🌺🌻
we'll have to come up with a relevant meeting for that!
if you werent pregnant, he wouldnt be with you
At Paris Las Vegas. The business center is called "Le Business Centre." Pepe Lepew must be on retainer.
Congrats. You can have a happy hour tweet up one day soon & I will bring you guys cookies.
Don't say you know what pain is until you can't say it.
David Bowie - loves
self-discipline with all of them came first.
My dreamweaver does not work with my new OS arrgh
depends on how you you look at it... In iotaland im older lmao
planning a trip to australia with the :-D get ready
i wish bnfkdb4 would stop deleting my posts and start deleting his...
It's a wise woman who knows when step away. As a failed blogger, I get how a part of you dies a little w/each sub-par posting. 1/2
it's that awk moment but it's worth it. #snap chat life
Welcome to Twitter. Have fun, and be home by midnight.
Course. Way more than reasonable to be upset if you're unappreciated.
Yeah, I mean, it's cool and all. Just seems everyone has jacked up eye-sight. LOL
quality > quantity
we haven't been to the gym in months..
Good luck today !
Heading to the video shoot with Ryan of to hear what he thinks of #ArtCrawl2012 in
Nice meeting you this afternoon! Maybe we'll run into each other again and chat more about branded entertainment.
RT : We can only love others as much as we think God loves us.
lol only sometimes
my women smh you want something that's been in my bed sucking me off? That's pretty corny but fuck I get it you want to be me
Sox were thoughtful enough to go 14 today to get me through class. Unfortunately, they weren't thoughtful enough to win.
that's pretty serious !! Lol
Dominant intelligence. The most high.
“: We're playing with our friends !” so stoked!!!
