Thanks for the follow. I sure hope you don't drive a Leaf.
you know it dude!
Thousand graces ian :)
can i get the recipe to that dish your mom made when i came over?? It was amazing! :-D <3
I almost bought one of those and choked at the last minute and bought my Ford Focus... The mom mobile of subcompacts.
Cafe Du Soleil in NYC and Woody's Burgers in Palm Springs have joined the Diversity Platinum Rewards Affiliates list! Do you have your card?
Informal Twitter poll: Is it time to put away the Easter decorations or should I wait till, like, the Fourth of July?
Am I the only one that believes Blackmon's "upper thigh infection" is actually raging herpes??
Iberdrola SA's U.S. subsidiary, Iberdrola Renewables LLC, has scrapped plans for an Oregon #wind farm, a spokesman said Yesterday.
i need some new delivery salesmen. the folks i got now act like they don't wanna make money at 2-3 am.
The only good thing about doing mindless bibliographic entry is that it gives me a chance to catch up on my podcasts.
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
Dam they going ham on Blake on Wikipedia hahaha
I'm seeking training opps for disability awareness as part of corp. I/D initiatives. 5% of S&P500 act on incl. China-sized market worth $8T.
I've done the same with song lyrics. Like even if it is barely wrong. Can't do it. They'll think I'm the idiot.
RT“ My Parents Can Be So Ugh <<<”
thank you 4 advice & perspective! From your bio it sounds like you have had an interesting career. I hear what you're saying.
One of your videos in the Carl Sagan series has been blocked due to copyright, the Frailty of Knowledge one.
C-ville vs Austin tonight!!!!!!!!!
Want to set up some time to chat? We'd love to hear what you think.
omg who thinks would be a good name?;D
Pleasure meeting you in Manhattan!
"never mind i'll find someone like you"-adele someone like you...i love tht song!<3
Good morning friends we are here from 8am-1pm. Lots of great produce, crafts, eats, etc.
i'll give some tongue action lol
vas a venir a la fiesta de perry :33??
I wanna get you by yourself , yeah have you to myself :)
Yes boys have cooties. That is all. ;)
I know, I was a little lazy last week! Thanks for the RT, Nancy!
. is winning #architectvalentines: "Hey girl, let's make like Gehry's design process and crumple some sheets."
Hey bro Chalmers taking that shot remind me of dude from the army takin the fight for his nigga 😂😂😂😭😭😭
It's sad when the main thing you're looking forward to all day is the library being open till 3am.
When I hear people talking shit about I just think to my self on how much money she gets.
Rain rain rain. Cant wait for tomorrow!
iphone/ipad successfully upgraded #ios5 now updating lion, etc
Down 1 at the half...but hey, we like the 2nd half better anyways! Let's go CATS!
I'm confused, that person said they switched to PC because of all these viruses he was getting on his Mac?
we do have to do a twitter pitch
I usually don't state my opinion but that girl needs a reality check & not the one she's getting from her new reality show
Not sure if ur a #capitalist or #socialist? Watch #atlasshrugged depending if u get it, ur a capitalist. If u don't ur not.
Sittin Here Writing Some Good Ass Lyrics
"Train a child in the way he should go, an when he is old he will not turn from it." - Proverbs 22:6
hahaha okay ur squid den wins but you gotta start puttin some squid accesories in there it looks empty as fuuuck lol
Crowd yelling "NO!!!" when Tony Allen was about to take a 3. Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
I would agree! They sure did!
Thank you for following
Lots of local groups this morning - just saw Center Grove and Ben Davis; getting ready for Lawrence Central to take the field.
John who
Drama is so different now.
What's your favorite dance craze? We gotta practice our moves before the weekend! ;)
Hey guys, if you want to keep up with me, follow me or my website CrazytilltheEnd.com!
its nice to know that some people really don't have hearts....no matter how much you try and find one.
thanks bill :)
What social structure exists in female prisons?
ok feel better :)
i'm surprised how many empty seats there still us 8 mins to tip off
Wahoowa! Class of 2007, it's just over 100 days until our 5-yr reunion! Register now for the first weekend in June: virginiareunions.com
And on top of that, I need surgery for my wrist
Getting the skinny on NCSU's new Hunt Library and the Learning Space Toolkit
Shop and get paid!!! Win prizes!!! LUCKeSHOPPER Rewards our clients to shop! Coming 2011!!!
Holiday cookies for breakfast. You can tell its a day off.
Took a break to read a little of Anne Lamott's book Some Assembly Required. I remember reading Operating Instructions as a kid. Great stuff.
Never Stop Dreaming..Its Your Guide To Your Visions..
Love how ur curls come out<33
I live in the uk and the states. I was born in Germany. Shot for me is sick but prefer crew love x
dfw to cdg. leaving warm texas sun for cool (and wet?) cobbles. excited!
I didn't know white tank tops had nicknames lol.
• I didn't know this. It's shameful to let that history slip away. Why wouldn't they celebrate at Comerica?
If some crimes don't require mens rea, why don't all? The fact that someone has murdered someone should be enough.
Creme Brulee Stuffed French Toast and $12 Endless Mimosas!?! Yes Please!! Whats your favorite brunch dish?!?
RT : God has bottle for your tears and a book for your tossings. Psalms 56:8
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #17 - The average American consumes 280mg of caffeine a day.
- Thank you for the LBC Spotlight on the article "From Menudo to Evita, Ricky Martin Shines" by Rita Egan.
what r u up to bro
ran by house as she was making love to her bf.
Do you think rick ross shampoos and conditions his beard?
Already done my 3 1/2 miles today so far. What Have you done ?
bothering with Haters get you nowhere
have you no grasp of history? Of actual poverty/starvation? When the Beatles formed -- they were still rationing food in UK :D
What does a footballer and a magician have in common ?Both do hat tricks !
ScarJo too? Really. This is too much. I'm going to pass out.
good review. i would have mentioned something about them not saying anything to kourtney though.
You should visit me in Hawaii one day ♥ I NEED to meet you! :)
harry was born 1980. James died 1981. at book beginning its 1992 or 3 ..
Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever. Psalm 136:26
what happened???
Boomerang kids: 85% of college grads move home via
my schools prom is that night and i already got my ticket!
we LOVE
Hater: "Justin Bieber has no fans." Belieber: " WHAT?!? Sorry, I couldnt hear you over the 16,000,000 screaming girls!"
Legal document server, in Sacramento County. Call 916-509-0677 to have your documents served.
Mr. King, you have a vote, why isn't in HOF? He was the best at his position for most of his career
Thanks for including us!
Okay That's Enough MW3 For The Night p:
I'll be right there! In a few weeks I will hit you up for a lunch date!
We would def show it.
Hair cut!
yes thank you SIR up to Mistress now what training i need and who i now serve and please
Whew! One thing is for certain...it will :)
That's the purpose to be BOLD, STUPID & FUNNY
Everyone hates a liar, cheater, Stealer, manipulator, & stripper but loves a fornicator. (Im confused) Hey
#NationalWeedDay really who even smokes weed dese days
Whenever your #eyecare practice receives an attorney medical record request, don't just photocopy and send. They never just do this for fun.
u cant quit. Ur fired lol
#TheWeekendShow & eating mac n cheese <3
Another great #workout to start the day. Boot camp tonight at 6. Ok, I suppose I can work in between workouts. ;)
hey brantley doesn't "like" gotye he keeps sighing during this song a lot
had so much fun filming with today! Quickest shoot EVER!
who the fuck is that?
Lol! Just got done before you showed up RT : Ran n2 the homie at the 24.... He not trying to get on this court tho..
now \(^.^)/ lol dude it was freaking tiring!! so it wouldn't of been nice to laugh :c
Love your program!!!!!
I have already endorsed Scott Peters in that race.
We sure did! Thanks!!
Haven't seen the USA lose yet in three games... Don't want to start tonight...
Positive Tomorrows students are excited to play outside at recess today...after a morning of paying attention in class, of course!
What the High School Guidance Counselor doesn't know and the College Financial Aid Officer won't tell you!
Movies and Four Square
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
You should watch the Red Letter Media review of it. Will change your perspective on it. The Star Wars reviews are epic too.
it's free show!!
Love it buddy!!
YES. I would use the crap out of that.
could Luke Walton help LA at all? they haven't played him in forever
umhum n I wasn't even invited
he is @ home chilling......how u doing?
I need to start using my twitter again
Happy Earth Day to you all!
you're growing to be one of my favorite rappers. keep it up , you're a good inspiration
OAK D isn't an option. I have to pick between HOU v ATL, JAC v SD (opponent has Rivers), MIA v OAK
1 thing I'd like to ask: do fans have any input on annual kit design? Don't mean to grouse wo offering to help.
Check our breakfast in the mornings!!! Organic milk, brown eggs from free roaming chickens, meets from local farms and much more!!!
:) thanks I do appreciate that.
Well, yes, yes they are. RT the ladies look so fabulous!
“He is able who thinks he is able.” Buddha
Still, goes 2 show u how magnified the #NBA playoff stage is; same flashes J McGee showed w #Wizards get ghosted w the attention.
I'm a fan of all three of those things, darlin'. Count me in! ;)
Listen with your brain!
BOGO at #weightwatchers until 4/21 ;) Make moves today! Be the change you need to see!
I know... I don't know why, but I had not either... I have never been more sickened by anything before. They need to catch him
try googling "gender bender" :)
We will be attending Chicago this Wednesday. If you want to meet to discuss single tenant net leased properties, please let us know.
11 turnovers in the 2nd quarter for the Knicks...
AW your so sweet showed my mom and she loved it!!!
KEITH LEMON LIVE TONYT WOO
cute quote!
- thanks for retweeting.
RT : Kansas City spiced roasted chicken thighs w/ cranberry orzo pasta, dried cherries, cranberries, cashews
Shore: First off I'd like to say that I'm excited to join the organization. It was the hardest decision I have had to make.
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
: Ah! I have plans, but want to hang with you and AM really soon. Let's make it happen.
That was a hard hit, hope he is ok
Excited and Nervous for tomorrow.
me too, so so bored e.o
i ddnt kno dis but im good in spanish
how can I get you to follow me beautiful?
Thank you! I love my piano!
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
I donated money to one of them.
totally agree...career was done 2 years ago
Talk about something else besides this one chick. It looks sad on your part bro
Rub his belly for us, will ya?
This is awful! I hate hearing about this! ((HUG)) Food Allergies are NO JOKE! :(
Hi - missed the message. Thank you! Things are moving very fast!
We miss our alumni too! Come back soon!
Thanks! My pleasure! :-ED
Love to you too my friend!
In the 2nd biggest Easter miracle ever, my amazing boyfriend James is finally on twitter !! Never thought this day would happen
they say we to material but money make the world go round and round
Hi I just had some Nutella so I absolutely love your icon....yum
#whereintheworldisharrystyles.... hahahahaha loving it! Confused but loving it!
Wow that just not right at all!!
RT : RT : My grandma is the best. If a girl meets my grandma,
Thanks as always for the RTs!
can crash #Twitter all by himself
Either gym now.. or at night..
why today? (i'm ignorant)
It feela good to lay down all day
You're back! Where ya been I missed yoo. TY for RT and fave. quite the gent you are.
it's part of the job... just like paper cuts for you.
Nick Holt is a fucking embarrassment to Husky football. He should be fired in the locker room after the game
This bitch on my bus singing needs to stfu because my ears are bleeding. You sound like a horse that is being dissected alive
Doing MadLibs with Patrick. A mult-generational institution.
it's such a cute town!! We loved it!
I like how stressed pining to the top for Facebook- I don't think many people are aware of that feature.
you're a skirt
Thanks for following!
I bet you're loving this. We hippies in the West have room if Brooklyn goes under. Enjoy the roof deck view and hang tough!
I wanna thank EVERYBODY who wished me a happy birthday. You guys are so awesome
Niall is very attractive
GHAPFM WANTS TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR DREAMS♥ SCHOLARSHIP AVAILABLE NOW IN TWO COUNTRIES!! DEADLINE MARCH 29 AT LACC!
Anyone check out Xfinity live this weekend? How was it?
Congrats to VIOLA DAVIS for her SAG award for Beast lead actor: Female.
this clipper game is weak
#FollowReader Anything that supports indie bookstores or libraries is something I'm behind.
Thank you for the SOTY nomination! Really enjoyed the #hatsoff reception today!
Let's go Thunder. Time to make a run.
late pass. Lulz.
Who's it for?
Productive morning: Morning run - done. #Percolate profile setup - done. Thanks for the invite !
when you get a chance take a look at your facebook page, i sent you a message thanks
And FWIW, what convinced me wasn't the whole "I'm a saint" part, it was the "Why would I throw my career away?" part.
#cody GUESS WHAT?! I love you. sorry, I couldn't wait for you to say what...lol (:
For my birthday i want a fake i.d so i can go to abdc tapings. :-) ya
Underground starts at 8pm WILD WESLEY DANCE party afterwords. RT and help spread the word
aww yeah... I did once and that was enough LOL
Up way to early.
Applying for jobs=going on lotsa 1st dates: you imagine a possble future together, grueling when it come to naught. :(
About to welcome World Trade Centers from the Americas. Hopefully can get more interest in San Diego for business, jobs and trade.
they gd ma how r urs?
hay gtg have to go to my BFS and then going to a party ttyl
hopefully it's something in the afternoon :)
Still cant figure out why I think the way I do. Why I do what I do. No one can explain it But one understands it the only 1
oh well...nothing i can do about it.
alejandro on mtv poland ;d <dance>
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple. Only God can count all the apples in one seed
QR code buy-in problem for us: in a shiny new building they get perceived as an eyesore, "too much signage" and hence not permitted.
remember when I tried to get you out here.... memories.
#revolver #madmen yes.
Labor Day Bash. Some good Latino Caribbean music from 10pm (est) until Midnight tonight on WKCR 89.9 fm in New York.
“ maybe my son will sand paint and wash my car b4 Sat♥ ”} I hope so its mothers day lol
The bell should ring right now haha
you're only half right. --> I like you already!
Is it too late in the day for one more cup of coffee?
Blessed are the young for they will inherit the National Debt. -- Herbert Hoover
Saw a hot guy with a cane, except no, it was an umbrella.
Finally got summer weather this week! Enjoying a nice warm summer day! Watching Raising Waylon on LifeTime! This is a great movie!
. No response AND no fair use? Then think about the risk. Take it or not?
We have Sausage.
Tonight. Playing at Billy's at the Beach. 7PM w/ Newport Beach.
Lots of beer at that baseball game. I need a steak and some rough sex now.
I just wana know! Cus I like to over analyze ish
CAN I LIKE MARRY HIM? LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
I swear, I am so old I've always stuck by them for things like flickr, Domains, Biz Email, but sometimes wonder why.
Especially for stadium junkies :)
RT : Real talk tho killed it lastnight if ur anywhere in the bay hit for some th3rapy tonight u...
too much of a good thing makes me hate you.
Places API Release Update: Reviews data will not be loaded for the Reviews API if below a threshold.
RT : #endoftheworldconfessions I've showered nude for years ... feels good to finally get that off my chest
whos the best clothing designer in the industry these days...
came up from the "305"; working the event...it will be my first Pitbull experience...
its been a minute man!
follow ya boy back iight
Cheers to that! Thanks again, Laura. Have a wonderful, sunshiny, #GiveBIG day!
saw ya vid on hugotheboss promo blog... great job!!
be interesting, seems like each of those teams take turns in the gutter
Ah, such great weather! Now bring on the basketball!!
a bitch nigga
do the bears have a need for someone like him?
Feels like I got hit by a semi... feels like I'm dying. Worst way to end the last week of classes.
What's your favorite word from another language?
idk i kinda believe u and i kinda dnt cuz i believe camille and maddie more than matt i kinda believe u
omg, I miss you! :o<3
Its hard to understand my Spanish teacher :\
not perfect but so nice to get rid of cable bill. And keeps me from accidentally watching Real Housewives.
What will happen after I have done the Atkins Diet and go back to a normal, healthy diet?: I am going to do the induction phase of th...
5 page paper on an empty stomach after a 6 hour shift. okay, life is great!
working from home because i'm sick. am on steroids too. maybe my rant came as a result of "roid-rage".
Always thinking about new ways to engage undergrads in using special collections materials...any brilliant ideas, twitterworld?
After visiting four schools, we finally have a winner. Nikki will be a Wildcat!
lol have u heard band twenty twenty
Do you love makeup? Great, so do we! Check out our new partner: Radiant Cosmetics on dogoobuy.us. Let us know what you think!
I just discovered there are colored staples. How did I go through life without them? ;-)
You can't help who you like , stop hiding your feelings !!
makes you believe 1man1woman was created by whatever God u believe in?Seriously
SB Belair Rd in front of Perry Hall Elem School closed due to accident scene
Alan! We were just talking about you. Only good things. :)
Mp tankfolds a jack bb calls 108 hearts and q high holds!
I've been in a meeting all morning, someone tell me what just happened to MD basketball?! What did Stogie do?
It's been a long time coming. Making my debut at ... next!
I was amazed by the section in your book about his background. What he survived growing up was insane.
yeah I'm turning into a "rotten" little girl Hahahahaha
Of i smoke i dont pay for weed my gardener grows it so i would ask him or his kids for some. and yeah thats is some good advice.
hope this week is good.
I wonder when the new Vampire Diaries and the new Supernatural comes on. I think Supernatural comes on tv, in September... Cant Wait!!!
I turn away for 2 seconds & my daughter is putting chapstick on the cat! Funny thing is, he's sitting there letting her!
We've had our 4th practice as the trio known as 'Ziai'. The energy is building...
+_|__. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Happy Birthday!!!
Things Target Field needs: More organ songs. seriously there are more options than just Adams Family and Charge
Many Thanks To For Another Awesome 1st Friday Performance...You All Rocked The House!!! See you next month
We're giving away dinner on facebook, what do you remember watching while eating TV dinners, tag a friend & you both win...
Who drives a BMW 5 series with earphones in? No one should, my friend. Not even you. Big #fail on the coolness factor.
I'm bored
#icanhonestlysay the mentally handicapped are some of the most kind hearted people i know. RT if you've joined the fight for their rights.
Hey Rangers fans today is the the birthday of Nelson Ramon Cruz born July 1, 1980!!!!! Break out the BOOM Stick tonight!!! Let's go rangers!
The thing about me is that I say whatever I want, whenever I want, right to your face. No matter who you are.
Jason Kalafat () pulls another rabbit out of his hat! Today a client was found NOT GUILTY on DUI marijuana charge. GREAT JOB!
Watch out the yellow ones dont stop
no problem thanks for the shoutout! :)
thanks I changed it. That's dps 4 u lol
Get Blasted on Saturday morning from 8-10AM on WBNW 1120AM Boston and www.bostonsportsradio.net
Sounds like a weekday vegas trip is in order. Count me in. : Help me get out of this city just one time lol!
yes sir
you rock, Ben. Chris, you're a pompous ass with no hope of national office.
Follow cause when she hits 300k
RT Jim Tressel texted , wishing Urban Meyer well and asked him to take care of his players and coaches.
My head starting to hurt uggh...
With Donald and Peta WAS THE SEXIEST JIVE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!! Luv these trio dances!!! Keep them
No thats not happening Pacer Nation
yes it is. she's a gr8 lady. rt Isn't it gr8 that follows so many of her fans? she even takes the time 2 respond!
#Celtics - Now, go for it
everybody needs a little love when we
This is an embarrassment You are going about this very wrong and perpetuating the stereotype.
I don't want to look nothing like my Dad when im older. Ughh eww <•>___<•>
Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none.
I've always been aware, but it sucks when you see a really good friend go down that path..
your rock! Thanks very much for your coverage (and RT) of what's to be a great presentation about presentations!
Raven-Symone came out!? throws rainbow confetti Lol
LOL y'all betta back up...big bro, U know I'm in VACAY mode anyway, I ain't doin no work! #MIAMI baby!
Got something to prove this year
Happy 13 Birthday to my Best friend cristina garcia you are a really amazing friend u always support me really thanks..
Running like a ninja to get your phone charger when your phone is about to die.
eh.. I have nothing to prove. Hell I was a male cheerleader at LSU
Gun it!
After burning 450 calories I don't feel that bad about eating that
I cannot wait to hear Cody swear "hardcore" :)
of course you miss Bogut. Without him the #Bucks are done.
Poised Creation would like to celebrate the great career of Elvis Presley! Rock and Roll!
Nothing beats Sunday coffee with
#problem - Zoos are sad animal prisons. #solution- only put in zoos the animals that deserve to be in prison: animal thieves, killers, etc.
"I swear I'm not the father." -Antonio Cromartie/Travis Henry/99% of athletes
I love getting emails with tracking numbers!
jack I'm just kidding I'm totally teasing so thank you though :-)
Congrats on the win to my #Bears fan friends.
Geez whiz, thanks. :)
Talkback TONIGHT after the performance of
the power of suggestion- i might do the same now :)
Yet again i have to say i wish would follow me back so i could message him '~'
RT : Lisa Jervis may be the best NTC Case Study presenter I've ever seen. Great job!
I think the reason liberal talk radio has never caught on is because of how shitty antennas are on 1993 Volvos.
": I can never stay mad at .." no one can. It's okay. Haha.
my man Bootsy. follow Cali d productions
it's crazy how much of an impact people have on us. I haven't checked but has there been any comments from AdRock or Mike D?
I know what I'm doing the rest of today...RT Yeah half off all draft beer today come try a new style
Happy Birthday hopefully I get to see you later!
YAY! Daymond rocks. Love what he did. He truly wanted to help them-- they're all going to fly now! :-)
I thought I texted it to you sweetie. I'll dm it to you.
Gah! Lost ability to cut/paste drag/drop. Don't need this in mid-article edit. Hoping Disk Permissions Repair is my friend (fingers x'd)
these days? Whatever the store has; reds are hard to find here. Back in the day? Manic Panic :)
Some peeps unfollowed me cause I was ofline the whole month do they knw wat ground is
I'm shooting interviews for FanFic Project in Cambridge MA next Saturday. Who wants to participate?
All these posts about #MLA12 have inadvertently tweaked my MLAnxiety a month before the event
=( i want you to be happy
of course . I'm too diverse in my music . Do you ?
seriously you guys should start a blog called Heard In Michigan.. it's be like SH&% My Dad Says.. :)
Hmm #wine from #Mexico - a #Nebbiolo no less. It's good!
when I asked you said it all confusing it sounded like $139 each
To just give. That takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt."
Yay!!! Just got cast in Knuckleheads. A feature fillm by Jaime Zevallos. I play Joey Perez. Super excited !
I'm researching walkways incorporated into urban design. Anyone have an interesting example?
hey thanks for the follow ;) have you checked out our music yet!?
is my favorite motown-harajuku dolly
“: Bet no called Heat Fans can name the starting lineup Before Shaq #Bandwagon” ~ they say they ain't Heat fans, they "Lebron" fans
Went to on 72 and greenfield today! Everywebbs is on break for a couple days while I visit NY/NJ/DE
I hate your nipples. They look like peach-colored mountain tops.
A true friend would have apologized, or at least tried to talk about it, but a fake friend won`t.
is the platinum good? I've wondered, but never bought!
April 1, 1976 - Apple released the Apple I computer
I'm by no means a KG fan, don't like him myself, but that was a pretty classy for him lol.
did you drop a big doty on the ATL??
By the way I LOVE your handle!! AWESOME! I <3 Renegades!
My cab driver is joking about dead bodies in the trunk, saying I might be next, and exclaiming, "I'm funny!"
haha grow a pair and don't threaten to stop watching prison break just cuz tancredi got her head chopped off
aw...how cute that b/c you're younger than me...you think you're hipper than me. haha.
Dear snow/salt trucks, I am thankful but idling outside my door for an hour is grating in my last nerve.
so i'm watching the whitney episode of #GLEE and OMG Blaine doing it's not right but it's okay with all this indignation is freaking awesome
Hey radio, chill out with the Mambo Number 5.
No biggie. It's not like Spider Man is going to turn into a big franchise.
So true!
Hey, anyone want to give me a job? I am spry and intellegent.
will observe migration uptick dated the night #QEDair released
While i deep condition my hair time for random lyrics
If u can work up to 7 or 8 miles you'll be good to go!
Great pix!
Last call tonight for Italy! Chicky Chicky Parm Parm, Deep Fried Mozzarella, Nutella Shake - then it's ciao to that chow!
last call... 4 volunteer spots still open!!
follow back doe!
Hee! I found my calendar, BTW. Right in plain sight.
Truly awful. It's why we keep writing.
Soap scum on shower walls: what’s your green solution?
I got kicked out of chuck e cheese for allowing my friends to sneak in booze
That's perhaps the least impressive stat
hahah my bad dude.. go flyers!!
9 more for me (:
So much to do in so little time!! Season Crunch Time!! Good day to all of you! Stay Warm!
Got a successful haircut from wonderfully nice and talented Jason. I feel so fancy (even tho it was just a trim).
..is she okay?
Are you a staple or paper clip person? I'm totally a stapler.
The best actor in Hollywood!!!! hahahahahah! :) :) :)
I'm running the Capital City Half Marathon in Columbus on Saturday & need some playlist suggestions. This is my 1st half marathon.
Hello Twitter! Nice to meet you! We're a new band out of Cleveland, stop by and say hi! (that was not an intentional rhyme lol)
congrats on making it this far. quite the ride.
Follow me niggga (;
Make a reservation for Christmas Eve Brunch now, spaces are limited.
Nor should you have to...
RT : wow RT Per , the Mississippi River, usually a half-mile wide, now measures 3 miles across.
thanks for the retweet!
My next blog for #TornOutPages will be a bucket list. Tweet #bucketlist suggestions if you have them.
at work again tonight washing them dishes!:)
followed :) thanks for following me!
can you remind me how to find the amazing post-garden noodles? I think that is tomorrows task. :)
Two weeks from today and I'll be in the Philippines.
Wheat yes! Avocado, no.
Main #MayDay march now even more fragmented. Separate groups now dominating 5th Ave with block-long gaps in-between.
hahaha....“: TV: The Bachelor to start giving cats to contestants who don't receive a rose.”
That being said, I have some great writers this semester.
HI... im new to twitter.
Important info for all of us. RT : How to Keep Social Media From Working Against Your Job Search bit.ly/oFYmGA via
Excellent article! Thanks for sharing that.
I'm gonna miss everyone so much ! :(
Good morning, Pat! Hope you're having a good morning!
#Ghettocrayoncolors Christmas tree green
LOL... shoot u a few pics soon. May have to be on standby for ur next MAGIC in Vegas
Nothing is more complex than the human mind. Some actions don't have reasons...even if they need them.
Funny, that's physically accurate!
first 3 games when NBA starts : celtics @ NYK then MIAMI @ DALLAS !!!!! and the 3rd will be bulls @ LAL, these are really cool games
Whenever I'm downtown and see a guy wearing a button-up with rolled-up sleeves, I automatically assume he works in
We're back live with the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force in Detroit
Eric is talking about social networks used in the Libraries
Holy gorgeous. God damn Lady. =]
I have been obsessed with Stina for about four years now. She's amazing.
I respect the respectable if yo girl is all on my dick check the heaux
lmfao I'm still watching skins too
At closing reception if #PLA12 with my daughter, waiting for Betty White. Bravo PLA!!
I'm going to try my best to be a real person this week for once. Keyword being "try".
Welcome 2 fabulous las vegas
it is possible i might be in love with you or your recipes or your father or all of the above
I just got my watch fixed after three years of not wearing one. So there goes that theory!
“: Two W's today and won the series! #itswhatwedo #UKbaseball” Congrats! Making us proud
See you there!
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM... These 2 little dogs have given me a much deep understanding... Continued next tweet
And the same to you!
Finding a real woman in this day and age is hard as hell
I am sending an email to Julie Meier now as she is listed as a contact for PARAB on website. Any park contacts ?
This really sucks.
I was able to do it and get back home in time to have an alibi. I smart.
dear students: asking the day before the essay is due to see my book because you don't have one is unacceptable.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor peace of mind
i think it's okay sometimes to ask yourself...."what the fuck am I doing?"....right? Lol
Joel, my bro, the guy that turned me on the Led Zep and other cool bands is dead. His name is on Grayson's website. I put it there
Happy Mother's Day everyone and thanks again to everyone for your prayers and positive energy. I will celebrate May 13th forever
thanks for the follow!
Philadelphia marathon? Hm... yes! Philly! First, though, Brooklyn and Buffalo halves....
can you have someone take your pic???
AAAHHH! what the fuuuck maan are u like future duude . u start talkn bout social network and then it comes out on tv 0_o lol
Got Some Cute Followers
I just do NOT have the patience for #DemonsSouls tonight. Ugh.
I know! Italy was delicious...i miss it so much already. How was ur holiday?
If we had a wet willies in downtown detroit....that bitch would bang!!!!!!! Lol
Garfield – Pull My Finger
#celebrate #goodnews: everything finally falling into place, you've got to love that
Kind of sad the youngsters in j ville are screaming free boosie and have no idea a woman was sentenced to 20 years today for protecting her
hello all hockey fans the links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all of todays games free enjoy the games and our site.
Make yourself stronger than your excuses
#lifeclass I am afraid of success.
Well,here I go learning' how to save lives!
Happy Mothers Day Mom:) <3
Day 3 of strong wind at the coast! RT : 74 mph wind gust at Lincoln City
Misses her voice.
haven't read either. Will put them on my list. Do you have a Kindle? I could lend you any of my lendable books if interested.
Prozac should be a proud sponsor of
Hello Vivian I like admire what you are doing here. I bought that twitter cash formula system($30) what do you think of it?
So how did it go? At least you were brave enough to try! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I feel grounded.
View the article here: www.divorce.com/article/when-hard-times-get-harder-divorcing-upside-down-house-andrew-windle-esq-and-sherri-dewitt-e
Hello people can you follow she wants more followers please accept my request
Do u like or dislike The Rock?
Apple just sent me an email that said 'Surprise Mom with the New iPad!' Bitch yea right! I love my mom but not that damn much.
welcome to twitterland!! Tweet.tweet. :)
When working on your professional image, don't underestimate the power of accessories. They can enhance or detract.
When I need peace and quiet, I put my phone on "LeBron Mode." No ring.
#rackem good work!
Once I have More than 4,000 followers, I am gonna have a surprise c:
Thanks to for putting together this week's B1G Marketing Meetings.
Thank you so much for your support!
Just discovered She's kind of awesome. Her record is my soundtrack to tonight's transit to Dallas.
Your core values are rules which you operate your business. Imagine them as being your entire employee manual in just 5-10 bullet points.
Bill signing: now there's a part of the legislative process one doesn't see every day. Though it's far less chaotic than passing them.
will you please follow your #biggestfan Leigh0320?? :(
9am-5pm special $600 an 1 location, $300 for the other locartion, or buy a beat for $200 and record for free
RT #femalesneedto Exercise, a lot of fat bitches think they thick when they fat. Smh
I can't believe you're not here! You're our social evangelist...
I think I would be a great bartender!
Two hours of Glee tonight - time for Nationals!
Starting region 9 meeting
I'm not sure what you mean. DM me.
Hudson's prayer for his friends "Tank you Gawd for my friends to not suck der thumbs & get buck teef"
Minus Special Teams, it's only a 10 pt. win. I'll take it all the way to a Bowl game. But still not happy w/
I think I buy Elle Collections for the editorial design as much as for the fashion. AW11 is out. Impeccable as always.
well damn
I Thank God For Everyday I Can Wake Up And See My Sons' Face.
Yikes! The next Powerball drawing will be on Saturday, with an estimated Grand Prize of $310,000,000 ($193,400,000 cash).
Weather today! is calling for 60s, 70s inland. Enjoy :)
We would like to wish Fr. John Foley, founder of the Cristo Rey Network, a Happy 75th Birthday!
Don Leu, New Literacies Research Lab UConn #sljsummit2010 e-readers are a transition; eventually narratives will move to gaming platforms
Well that went over well...
Not a great way to start the day, but I'm gonna curl up on my studio floor and go back to sleep. A working nap.
Also, since Resveratrol hasn’t been studied on pregnant women or children, we don’t recommend they take it either.
u got Charlie's pee pee showing!!!
Why yes! Thank you so much for coming to hang out. Hope you didn't turned out as sunburned as a couple of us did.
Thank you, haha(: I needed to vent.
Good work, thanks man!
DWade is BEYOND sexy!!
Baby girl lets go carve heart initials I a tree
RT : Choose to walk away from worry, and lift that burden from yourself. In a moment, your worry can be gone.
And now I want a version of SMASH made from cats. SNAP TO, internet.
Caramel macchiato to get me through the rest of my evening and these 70+ pages of reading!
I LOVE your profile bio!
AMAZING! Can't wait to try them out! #PrincessBrideWine ^aef
There was 81 days of summer ...now only 80 days left(counting today) :(
lmfao... I so wanna see this
wonderful... Our pilot seems to think we'll encounter light showers on arrival... Hope he wasn't looking at an old TAF
omg I would buy the the sexiest dresses and make sure i have an androgynous outfit for historical site seeing.its only right !lol
"Sometimes the biggest gratitude in life is just to put your feet on the ground and say I'm still here." - Mayor Cory
don't do it! She tried getting me to do hers too.
l'oreal has a great one called decrease. Its like 8 dollars at target!:)
Nike about to hold on against Adidas
Trying to learn to live in the moment
ohh your so cute!
Twitter is not always the best forum for a back-and-forth discussion like this. Regardless, it's well past now.
gettin late on it for the first
there in like every walmart and grocery store
Love that Discovery ID is embracing their loyalists with the #IDAddicts social media movement. I confess, I'm one of them.. Great stuff!
We're gearin up for a rock and roll weekend in the mountains of California. Twain-Harte doesn't know what they're in for.
Omg I forgot to bring a towel, now what am I gon lay on?
Glad I got up & got ready for no reason.. 😒
With just over 20 hours to go, let's keep working and bring victory home tomorrow night! Vote, volunteer and join us at our watch party!
When u feel like reality is too much watch Alvin & The Chipmunks
Pisces/Aries cusp are tactful and insightful. They may have talents in clairvoyance or clairaudience.
Starting Oct 5th, Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio will be on at 8 AM every Wednesday on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel
agreed! RT: : Mackenzie Smith's presentation on legal issues re data sharing excellent!
lol! okay its in Nebraska!
We'll see you there :)
My car has truly broke me
tried to catch some fog earlier this morning I mist
Brainstorming new T-Shirt designs in the office right now, any idea's folks?
i feel like there was something about prose being moral?
Big thank you to all the alums that are joining FHF! Bison u Know!
woot! So thrilled for you, Peter. Make sure we hang before you leave ok?
nigga I'm asking cuz we need to be getting there at the same time..I can take my ass back to Dallas
Come on, don't sue Nutella! Have you tried the stuff? Healthy or not, it is damn good....don't mess with my Nutella!
So I guess he doesn't just play crazy on tv...he actually is crazy? Hm
: sighh. Im sorry. We are so cool. Just talking on Twitterr
Dr. Gray has given the blueprint for success. Get in the game. You have no idea of the victories that await you.
The worlds first waterproof ipod nano is fully tested and operational.
A woman of great courage. “: A family friend says former first lady Betty Ford has died at age 93 in California.”
hahah. Me and and my friend were gonna do that but we live in Texas so we were gonna make a fort in a tree. Lol
I wonder when more money is spent.. #valentinesday where you spend your money on the same gift as everyone else or Easter with the outfits?
this weekend?
As result of faux pas, require soothing cup of tea from
I wish i was n dc right now.
NF you and also ,
Getting real now
"where the light is" by anthem lights - a fabulous "don't give up, God's not finished yet" kind of song!
how did u found my twitter.
Humphrey man what the story
If you had the opportunity to get your message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
schedule today: 1.Get dressed/ listen to asking Alexandria 2.Look good - feel good 3.Feel good - test good 4.#monsterenergydrank celebration
Oh wow. Wow. Southern Tier Mokah chocolate coffee stout. Plush chocolate, would be too sweet without that bitter coffee balance.
Did you get his number???
My thing is Unity, point blank. Conservatives, Liberals, everyone ultimately should be United in these United States.
lucky you!!!I wish I had a vacation like yours!
And with you also. :) - Yeah, the Fourth and I'm still awake too.
yum yum yum yum yum yum....😁
It does not feel like friday
It would be really sad but she has had a great run and there are plenty of openings.
Kudos. This just adds to the list of reasons why y'll are so impressive. Thanks!
im new volleyball coach
How would you like to unlock the differences between all the medical plans out there? Give us a call. We can help. (505) 247-1530
Tomorrow is Birthday!! Omg, he is all im going to talk about tmrw :)
Hoes is funny .
RT : Favorite newbie guide to Twitter, anyone?
:D No driving can be done afterwards.
I shoulda brought my hoop...
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 74
Retractable R'hllor: Religious Dynamics among Stannis' Bannermen during the War of Five Kings
wow. i love how every one tweets about sports games. Are we really this boring???
just a bad day for mexico in general I guess. 45 mins left though ;)
Drum roll please...beginning Labor Day (Sept. 6), you get FREE BREAKFAST items the month of September! More details to come.
Had a good day today i missed this 👌👍😁😊
Oilers are embracing the role of spoilers against teams scrambling for playoff spots
Call me when you get off
One daughter is going to this weekend and the other is telling me about #Lollapalooza.... can't keep track!
teeeeeebow is gay
Nobody ever has change for a $1000 bill.
go to sleep :P
Rely heavily on reviewers given broadness of field. More than 3,000 invitations to review in 1 yr.
Good morning everyone!(:
Thank you! :) Please check them out - would love your thoughts! :)
so are you saying replace headstones with trees? just trying to understand if the dead bodies are still planted underneath?
!RT : RT : RT : "Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein Hi Joan!
YES! You are my new BFF. Is that tat new or is the red the tint on your camera?
Work bright and early
Interesting day so far - afternoon was more thought-provoking than morning.
haha I know. Right through the intersection.
off the hookah is alright lol
lol, I'm glad I didn't get the Liu brows
her grandfather a few weeks ago :(
Blind squirrel finds a nut everyone once in a while
Love the new logo! Making the San Antonio advertising community proud.
I really dislike math. Sorry,
Happy Friday to me! is now following me! :-) Hope you see you in a few weeks!
Ok my twitter & your inbox on facebook? lol #AndTheDifferenceIs?
"It's like having a pal with you all the time" #mckenzywindham in reference to her cat....
But at least they won't get no-hit by James McDonald
Network face to face 1 day a week. Get out & make contacts. Let people know what you are doing. Someone's break thru is coming from u.
#TeamBulls for life !!
April showers bring May flowers, except we got showers in May instead.
Travel with the Crew and spend loot. Have uecker answer my phone calls.
that's ok!!! just worry if u ever start answering back;)
Morning has broken, like the first morning. And just WHO is going to clean up this mess ?? [major server/app down hard today, sigh...]
Maybe next year... Btw, I'm going to *try* to make the monthly CTBA club flights. Houston balloon group disbanded.
Where are all the coffee lovers at? What is your favorite?
Wisconsin to play Virginia in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge next season. Two great defensive teams. And UV coach Tony Bennett familiar with UW.
LA Kings sweeps STL Blues to head to conference finals...shocker
*wrinkled nose smirk*
You should come to our show next Friday! We will dedicate a song to you :D
Geoff Dawson says "get out in front of the time line!"
I have "Rolling in the Deep" stuck in my head great song!
Congrats on #Assassins! I love !
-- all via church. S!ck Pr!ck
Happy Friday everyone! Hope it goes by quickly so you can start enjoying the weekend!
there's a reason why they call us "patients" See what I did there
And thanks to everyone who came out! We're pretty much calling it: Punk/Garage night at is gonna be the Next Big Thing...
check out for more events. Galactic is playing on Wednesday too. Not a jazz club, but a good show.
you will long as you gt some money in ya pocket
Saturday I purchased a #leopard #slip for and its beautiful I think I will keep it instead. #Boutique #Shopping I know Im bad.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform & reentry. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details. Vote 2day!
you think I should join GM for grad school?
Hey how are you!? Long time no talk.
One day, I need someone to teach me how to talk to a vendor. Like, some standard questions to ask, etc.
#accenturematchplay has done a terriable job on parking this year! Been waiting in line to park for an hour now!
what tweet am I supposed to ignore
Exactly. RT : A1 Leagues teams do good job of pushing the cause. horrible job showing results
Give Your Heart a Break - Demi Lovato , i can totally relate to everyone of her songs especialy this one.
When Twitter deletes DMs, I feel sad and wonder if my messages ever got delivered.
Twitter will become insufferable if Peyton Manning ends up with the NYJ. Please anywhere but there.
She's not old enough to drink beer legally, but she doesn't like alcohol or coffee either. go figure.
Getting receipts out of is like pulling teeth! :-(
what? They make those? Awesome! “: Is it bad that I get the kiddie chopsticks when eat sushi? I don't wanna learn”
#TEDxUofW social media candy is dandy but not nec. meaningful.
My First Year Cooking And It Was A Success......
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO. Make Work Great! www.ispi-frc.org
I sent Steve a message on FB and gave him your email if that's ok. Yes, I liked it. Did you?
bro I always gave the lakers their props...but come on now...this is pure lazy on their part
Dear , Seriously man get it together, how are you going to mess up my order, no breakfast/lunch today. Thanks for being careless.
its going to be a great Easter weekend @ Central!
You are the same today you’ll be five years from now except for the books you read and the people you meet Charlie Tremendous Jones”
remember when it was adorable to be the youngest person in the group? Now I just want to be 50 already.
1- Wade should go to the Bulls 2- can't wait for college 3- When my polos are coming in I hope they not fake LOL
Check out the SWEEPSTAKES and enter to win a free session and photo credit!
Up gettin my day started long wkend ahead can't wait to see mi babies this wkend n watch playoff basketball god is good
The League is on netflix streaming. Everyone. Watch it.
Happy Birthday !! Have a good one!!
Jambalaya and Pancakes, and Zydeco music... We got the beads now all we need is the... Oh wait... We got that too...
FF Privilege on a P.S follow. Thanks #GameChanger .
oh how I love being home.!
Thanks for making me look super-masculine, guys who wear white pants.
que tal amigos? how are you guys? been following your work! congrats! #interview soon?
I used the web-based, but I think they do offer software based as well
Give her water!
No but have you watched Kathy Bates in Harry's law?
Me!!! RT busy day in radio land...who ready to be off work???
Thanks for adding us to your list!!
Congurlations on your tweet count. Computer is damn slow tonight.
My weekend was good, I will keep your family in my thoughts and prayers, hope your mom is as comfortable as possible.
Text from "Do you deliver? Im a starvin man." If you want to text an order you should write something funny like him.
I'll DM you my number when I get back in the office.
why would u ask that haha u think u cant get 16 million #Beliebers on the plain lol
We'll go ahead and take your word for it without asking how you went about making the comparison.
I could watch Drake & Josh al daayyyy loonnngggggg 👍
And another 100 invites launched from planet Pantheon!
Some great motivational tweets in our timeline this morning/afternoon
Divine's clinic Promo ￼:Our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening Gold peel off mask only 150 K.Info:31908203,3922021,087880536758.
Lmfao! gotta love them (Hey pretty girl) guys!! LOL at least I'll still be there :) Hope you are having a great eve!
looking forward to our shoot on the 20th I know its going to be fab!
are you ever coming home?!
Sorry for the quick releases! 4.1.0 is available. I've begun to add some api hooks. Should have a lightbox example up soon!
#TEAMHEAT I got my play off beard for the HEAT
no prize, not including my slides cause they aren't done.
Anyone know of a good donut shop near the Tech Center?
Now you tell me. Just ate an entire bag of those doritos tacos.
The smallest things can mean so much to someone without them even knowing it
How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb? None. The piano player can do it with his left hand.
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you...<3 mean girls
“: Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.” THAT'S RIGHT, DON'T GIVE ME ANY DAMN ESSAYS
think I misunderstood :) they need some pshop work done? or they are available to do retouching?
Wise: song "compelling mongrelization," says reviewer
you want to get your tattoo filmed? We got a canon 5d mk 2 that can do some sweet video. Lemme know.
Finishing my weekend with impractical jokers
I'm not sure where I should begin, I'm rising! rising! And now I'm in! Over my head ! With something I said, I'm better of life!
If I make them turn the papers in electronically, do I still have the right to complain if they're not double-spaced?
what's good homie!!
whoops! i lost your follow!
I dont like dress pants -_-
Jim Harbaugh=Frank Kushman; Niners=Jerry Mcguire; Dolphins=Bob Sugar
And #accessusummit is underway! speaking on One World One Web. A great day ahead!
I'll see what I can do! I've been doing random jobs until my real job starts so I never know when I'm free.
Long office hours do not a gym bod make.
I have a pretty good success story! 1 person business, 15 yrs, work out of my house- I'm a baseball artist- sold 750,000 balls
mastering the 8-string
I don't have a problem roaming
' My nigha is really something!!
Why don't you all stop talking about things and start making some significant moves in Free Agency?!!!
Dana Spiotta's "Eat the Document" is great.
Happy Memorial Day!!
Thanks Sherri for that praise tweet. Jesus really does reach all people and places even in a Cab, Hallelujah!!
St pattys day in the city
FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? DM us! (We have some guest list spots for our Twitter folks!)
What ya doin for Thurs night draft? MDC party at Frannies...big screens in the SDR...pizza...you're invited...let me know!
Last night.crazy poppin bottles with the.ravens football.team shout mccant
aw I'm happy for you xx
Disgusted with how the bearcats game ended.
Please Join Us ... Newark (Ironbound) Master Plan Meeting on Monday May 14, 2012 at 142 Wilson Ave, Newark, NJ
Just watched Ariana singing "I Am Telling You" when she was only 13 yrs old and......OH MY AKJALEUCE!JDFE! Her voice is just.....FLAWLESS♥
Vikings or Saints? Colts or Jets? SuperBowl predictions! What's your prediction?
Yeah,..I did visit your site. and its very nice..You did well
Thanks, Chris!! Always a pleasure to experience your wisdom.
oh whoops............ loo I have someething to tell ya
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?Damn
Just did.
So happy and excited for !!
"Never make a decision when you're angry, and never make a promise when you're happy."
if you aren't doing huge volumes and no automation try - larger volumes try hope that helps!
Hello Chicago!!! Happy Birthday Pama!
That was hilarious! Tho I was thinking a lil more old school Nintendo ;)
Download- InSpotter app -free today on your Android & iPhone
I feel bad..I just blurted out that my cousin is gay i'n front of this person...
Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus!!!
You bet, he needs as much non-corporate, real people, support that he can get.
Its almost 1 o'clock and its not 100 degrees yet in Fort Worth! Yay!
No problem.
Does he have Twitter?
Hope so.
You hit it out of the park again...
looking forward to it. Enjoy the day
Seattle Washington
Tea & chocolate digestive's, what more could a girl ask for? Hm..... dinner with Frank Sinatra?
No problem. I'm disappointed, though. I was looking forward to that one.
how yall doing today ?
Portland Winterhawks force a game 7. These young men just don't know the word quit. So fun to watch. Go Hawks !!!
Terrible? Horse-opoly is our FAVORITE Monopoly version! ...perhaps we're a bit biased...
cant wait to get back to san antonio to see babe. its been to long of a weekend.
you too?!? whoever thought up the 710-940 on a Thursday has a sick sense of humor...
Don't like it! The old logo was much better
bring it to the us n i will
yep and now everyone is just sayin he has one without proof!?!? Wat type of fan dosent want proof!?!?!
stop saying im not an enchancer because im a lovatic too. There are a lot of directioner & enchancers too. I'm no different.
Ugh certain people gets on my nerves!
better not :)
Good morning Lauren. It was great seeing you as an All Star!
oh snap!! We don't even have any of those... That's awrsome
Stop tweet watching, so it's real.
are you okay???
RT : lets start trending that is a #cumdump hehe
there's still something wrong.
I am great... Ready for summer! Everyone is doing good...
which one? I think I have seen one with a cowboy hat, Bruce Elfant just donated one to the Austin Tejano Dems
At @ hinterland gallery for Danielle de Picciotto art reception and it's really special. They're open til midnight!
you bought tix already?!
Rihanna Continues to Flaunt Flawless Bikini Bod in Barbados (PHOTOS) Rihanna sure loves her swimwear! The “You Da One ” singer contin
I think I'm gonna fast next week..time to renew.
the one that u have black glasses on :D my fav pic of u
catching up to you Mr. Matas. I'm at 461 baby!! :)
have you driven the Sooner Schooner yet? As a Mizzou fan I am going to imagine that's your company car.
Doing something today would be totally rad.
There's more... But my app is being dumb! PS- we should hang out!
Over 800 Chicagoans are gathered to affirm that supporting early learning is good business.
": Want to Advertise your business on the #NikkiRichShow Ads, Commercials and more Special promo 1 full month DM
": Sarcasm is the ability to insult dumbasses without them realizing it." Jajaja good one xD
Sounds fantastic! Happy #WineWednesday!
I also bough a great charcuterie plate from them for a wine event at my home last weekend - it wowed everyone! Truly great food!
Lemme see yo scary ass in the streets bernie mac vc
I'm sure it is. Under 3 minutes and you would have held my attention, over 10 is just too long.
haha alright alright, ha i cant believe you cut it
Take a deep breath, and submit.
FYI meant to get back you before, but Amazon Fresh works great. Only way I'll do my grocery shopping for now on.
i WILL not give up watch !!
#Marlies up 1-0 with 4 to go in the first period.
Long workday? Dinner and homework help next on the agenda? Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
keep it tight! Ooowww!!
i don't think so
Happy Friday from Island Real Estate! Be sure to stay safe & enjoy some green beer this weekend :)
Loving my mom is like food to my soul
Girls are such bitches to each other i swear..
Could you still be a Christian? Is the way of Jesus still the best possible way to live? Or does the whole thing fall apart?
What do you think of this Edmonton announcer Corey Graham? He thinks Oil Kings are angels and Hawks are ruthless Tweets outrageous
is this sharing hour or something?
I did enjoy playing Avacyn against a guy on Cockatrice who had ACTUAL Abyss. "upkeep, Avacyn laughs derisively @ you"
Thanks for the invite asshole.
About to find me a new living room set. I am hopeful thy will have something that is Madi proof!
beautiful day to play hooky myy ladies😊☀
can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g. hiring and shipping...up and to the right!
Who the Hell has booked all the damn monkeys?? LOL U Guys did great!!
yeah I've found I'm lucky my gym is open so early (opens at 4:30, I'm usually there by 4:50). It's hard at 1st but
They are delicous! The peanut Butter Cup in my favorite!!!!!
On location doing our photoshoot! M.O.J.O stylie!
RT : love my company. thanks, sweets. [Same here and thanks!!!!!!]
Hey, I was the first to RT, but you are not following me, oh well. Just my luck. Maybe next time
Exactly! Whomever coined that word was a complete and utter genius.
The Flyers better not resign Matt Carle, instead sign Barret Jackman, a shutdown veteran defenseman who can wear the "C" for us
Hey there, (WichitaTales), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
cant wait to see you either babe:)
With my windows open, all my neighbors get to enjoy my music. You're welcome, guys!
gluten-free buckwheat crepes
Welcome back Vin!!!
Is Hines Ward really one of "the best blocking WRs" ever? Can this be quantified? He is behind Brown, Carter, & many others
I receive!
If I’m not sleeping, nobody’s sleeping
Mainstream Radio will kill your mind UNPLUG/TURN OFF THE RADIO!
. They don't call him Screamin' A. Smith for nothing.
My hair's blue is barely there now haha
You can never make someone love you. You can only make yourself worthy of being loved.
While walking , he broke off his leash to chase after another dog. I ran after him, tripped, and fell sliding like I stole home!
very interested.. NYU road trip this week, you know what that means -- a slice of sbarro in central park
thanks for the follow!
yeah , i cant skip anymore or ill be back for a 13th year at emsisd
Thanks for sharing this of KC. Wonderful and definitely inspirational!
Thanks to my mommy
I'm reading over Kyle Minor's initial answers to my interview questions for an upcoming blog interview (Jan or Feb). It's Gonna Be So Good!
I miss you & love you gerald ♥☺ 7 more weeks till summer :*
that weekend wont work, i cant be there but we need to link with those dj's...
God first, family second, then everything else.
That sucks guys. Sorry how it's gone down. I was just starting to like s.Oli-fucker.
Packers are Heaven and Oh!
Everybody say's Tebow can't do it, ha, try naming 2 QB's in the AFC the same age/younger & better than him....Right Now.
Hey. I know we had spoken about having a twitter debate. I have to admit, I haven't been looking at your tweets lately....
thank you
Woot! Next year I get to work w/ rural teachers to bring univ. history course to their schools. Trout Lake, Brewster, Oroville here I come.
me to
You can be in a room full of people and still feel lonely. Don't give up! The love of your life is feeling the same way right now.
Lamborgini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
My quarterly 401k statement estimates my retirement year at 2042...I'll take the under on that bet...easy money
Picketed NYU administration with #NYU4OWS, NYU Faculty vs. 2031, Greenwich Village Hist.l Soc., UAW and students--that's a coalition
I've glad to see joe Biden getting behind same-sex marriage.
Gonna be fuckin lazy as fuck tomorrow.
she's the worst thing i've been addicted to.
if Jerimiah had been a shepherd, we would have been pretty good with herds.
You too, Katie! Congrats on the beautiful baby!
the end comes so unexpectedly .
2 full selection centers to view!!
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
If Batum wants to be s star in this league, he needs to show up Every night , not every third game!
fair enough
well maybe if you werent mad at me we could oovoo lbs
I'm screening #TheDictator tonight ... so far looks just like another Borat-Bruno. I will either love it or hate it!
RT : Q1) Manager and supervisors who own performance problems rather than pass them off on the training department.
Last day of filming. Then finally getting back on a normal eating sleeping, and workout schedule.
I don't know why I have to listen to so much scott walker.
Great advice today re: charitable giving: engage donors in what the organization is passionate about. Hm, obvious but well put
Hahaha this lady on the street is walking with her cat on the leash and it's the cutest thing
CORRECTION Caribbean Eclipse will be preforming Saturday 7-11pm
your cat lady realness is HILARIOUS
CORRECTION! will release May issue on stands May 30th. Publisher is selling magazine to a new entity, not closing
Paul rudd ages extremely well
am I too late?
Hey no worries. Hope you had a great conference.
GoodMorning . I like cheese , i like cheese , i like cheese !
the customization of computer desktops is really an extension of ourselves
On our way to Austin. Jamming out to 80's
your tweets are rated 'R' today lol
Tweeting in classroom activities and lectures. Summary. Critique. Provocation. Query. Extension. Example.
March Day! Burn, destroy, wreck and kill!
RT: Meteorologist Craig Edwards: "Serious situation" northwest of Twin Cities as spotters report tornadoes.
Wen they make weed legal lotta yaw gone starve lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
The world needs a & collaboration.
i am going to put-in-bay tomm
I'm so thankful for everything I have, it could be so much worse and I'm happy knowing it's not.
at this rate with my black outs im spending christmas in a hospital :(
Had ball with my family down town tonight
is experiencing a high level of frustration with the new activstudio software!
I have more followers on than I do on twitter.
Now Tony Karaoke is making me laugh so hard it hurts near the sex box!
Getting ready for the #BizTech today. I'll be at the booth this aftern.
Some people are real good at being fake >.<
WTF why did the sound just go out??!!
The countdown is on - only 6 more days until the #NABEFCareerFair - don't miss it, you might just be passing up a job !!
lefty power, that's how!
nasia we makin another account just me n u ok cuz i forgot the password to the other one and plus it was lame
Obama lamenta muerte de Steve Jobs
the biggest one did! Well to me it did anyway
SORRY bout that spam... spam sucks
The #oilers have had so many top picks. What's their excuse for not being able to put anything together for so long?
My birthday weekend w/ Blue Olives: Sprecher's tonight, Cap Brewery tomorrow, Fins Sunday.
90 minutes left until finals when we attempt to defend the title @ UCWDC Worlds. Thanks to everyone..fans, family n friends. We love u all..
Is it me? Or are plane flights crazy expensive right now? No matter how near/ far.
Being out of LA I can actually smell the Fall and see the changing of the leaves!
A little different to get up when its still dark out
not to mention E! makes Minnesota sound like it sucks. Boo!
oh i was gonna say TRIPPLE TRHEATTTT
What's your instagram?
My mom doesn't like Adele because she "sounds just like Janis Joplin." Oh generation gaps.
when crystal castles starts your shuffle off, it's going to be a good day.
RT : How many Djs out there don't have the K Le Pasa remixes??!? Yo!
#Hardball #Mitt #Rmoney is like Dennys it MAY BE the only choice you have. YUCK>>>
RT : Sisterhood of the Traveling Vest! ;D
Riley/Silverman photo (just tweeted) by
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC its so interesting :)
my straightner sets off the smoke alarms in my house!
Reality is boring...come back soon ;) : Time to go back to reality. Thanks & for giving me a great break
Seriously can't keep my eyes open.. bed time, then back to work in the morning!
re: "agency design isn't waterfall..." maybe water torture is a more apt term?
To impatient BK customers who want me to leverage you a cut in line: I'm charming, but I have my limits. Also, no cut-ses NOR takeback-sies.
said Ron Paul was predictable. Its easy to predict what someone will say when they always tell the truth.
Don't you see?! As the wealthy son of Michigan's governor, Mitt was ENTITLED to assault & batter a classmate.
Fake people will wish u the best, just as long as that best benefits 'em
Lincoln: "It is the duty of nations as well as of men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God . ." greatamericanhistory.net
Here It Comes...Slip The Jab
Donna Frye: Prop A is like a tax-payer- funded trip to the craps table.
Yes sir! lets go
#Quote When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race. ~H.G. Wells
Think #Nash has to make the move. Tremendous run in PHX..nobody in the game today I'd rather watch play.
"You don't even know"
#RedSox sold 216,257 tickets during the first weekend of ticket sales last weekend, enough to fill #FenwayPark for 5.77 games.
I'll be on with my boy at 5:45pm talking #Caps on 106.7 The FAN live from MSG!
any tips? Need to do an energy audit myself soon.
what's your fav. Credit Union/ small bank in Portland?
Huge thanks to our new followers! We're excited to be in the neighborhood.
I'm great as well! :) did you do anything fun recently?
but a 3rd Arm would be helpful while texting.
RT please help trend #keepfightinggary for an 18 year old boy from Scranton,Pa in hospice battling cancer for the 2nd time
ep. 1 of #veep was fun, but real people don't say "fuck" that often... and this is coming from someone who has the mouth of a fuckin sailor!
oh Davis - my little hippie hometown. I'm so saddened by what happened.
Drew Carrey told me to stay where I was. I left.
Bought 'Little Manhattan" today.good movie!
Q: How is PTSD being diagnosed before a soldier comes home?
What an amazing man and musician he was. Thanks for being at CMS today
as I sit outside having dinner right now, I can't disagree.
about time! They're from like the 80's!
Missed this yesterday! BENEATH THE SHADOWS is on NetGalley. Let me know if you need the link.
Thanks as well. I enjoyed writing about the life of Mary G. Ross.
no how is it?
RT : RT : Happy National Teacher Day! How will you make time to #thankateacher today?
Thank you kindly m'aam
Buy a one day pass and you will have it today and tomorrow. At least 2 picks. All picks must win or your money back.. TopShelfBets.com
i hope you're right.
i loove you loved your show at bristol, please follow me:D!
#sfeng340, RRP #5 is evaluated and uploaded to the Blackboard Grade Center.
Yes! on national TV again. Thanks for the reminder, Katie.
Got "Locked Up" for the MDA today &really need "Bail money"!Luckily I was left with some calls to get it together. Call me at 262.391.6272.
You're not worth my time anymore.
#sleep work in the
man I see I missed yo visit bro but we will link soon 4 sho
Up.. AGAIN!!! this is becoming a bad habit..
I never knew the Full lyrics to the rolling stones "brown sugar." they're so racist I don't know how anyone can like that song
What did you end up doing?
#Pineda gone for the year!:( aaaaahhhhhh
After my beautiful Colette last year, I know my favorite accessory this year will be from 's 2012 Spring Collection
"amazingly", or *refreshingly*?
Those moments when you just suddenly burst into tears... releasing the pain you've held since the past few days.
Ohh.. How I miss my old best-friend , Girl.. You got my digits! Call me -.-" #Broken , #Sad , #Lonely ...# Herp-Derp
- Do you have anything on Little Joe Blue ?
My shoes I just ordered are raw...
#CHILDREN is on its first two show today! And we're sold out all weekend.
ATTENTION: IF YOU TWEET SOMETHING I DONT LIKE OR I JUST THINK YOU'RE ANNOYING AS FUCK I WILL UNFOLLOW YOU & DONT FUCKING TWEET ME ASKING WHY
alrighty Twitter New York... who's an amazing guitarist ready to learn some new chords to great music and hit the stage with me?!
Not sure what kind of wine they like... gift certificates make the perfect Graduation, Teacher's gifts ever!!
"We do $50 on-site wedding day makeup application travel fee for up to 20 miles. Greater distances are quoted individually."
I saw you at the Cincinnati business awards! I have to formally meet you in person! What table are you sitting at?
#ThingsIHate people who post stuff then get mad if you comment on it.
This Is The Most Risky Country To Fly In via
You too, dudes! Hit us up if you want to come up north. Well rage it out.
Ethnic identity has been oversimplified by researchers. via Wong
talkin' bout bbq... Do you smoke brisket ever? Made my first successful 1 using a hi heat method. how do you brisket?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
Sick kid, long commutes to daycare and work = a crappy day with lots of driving.
Thank you all for following! You encourage me :)
Minnesota TV mets to meet in June at Science Museum of Minnesota for full-day climate science workshop
I'd say that 60% of what we watch is via Hulu.
He's not right for you...
#MegaIIN Where is David Wolfe's farm?
Pimping isnt easy but doing drugs, dressing poorly and slapping women around isn't that hard at all. Its the only thing on my dad's resume
turn the heat up and toss a bucket of ice in the bed for Daniel. Everything will be cool!
Last 3 days I've been engulfed in the book Operation Family Secrets. If you're Italian, from Chicago or like mob history I urge you to read.
Riiiggghhhttt. You be a team player when you up but If you know your the best and your "Team" down then you step up
Thanks for the shout out, guys!
times like this make me happy that I have Cablevision and won't have to watch a Texas vs SF Series on Fox. Thank you Dolans
We are planning to launch our new website mid-August!
Thank you!
For every Goliath, there is a stone.
So take care. Arm your computer – and yourself- with the correct tools and knowledge!
April 21st celebrate The Space Needle's 50th w/ drink specials to fill up your bladder so you can pee and see the Needle via our periscope
doesn't have the focus to do anything. No reading, flipping though zines, youtube nothing
Yw hope u follow meRT : Created a report on OBD0 trough OBD2 Honda ECU pinouts, codes, and troubleshooting, what did you do today?
Such a great way to keep Ss engaged throughout! RT : Backchanneling is also great for movies, etc.
Am punching all of you when I see you.
Its so crazy how u talk a plan out but the execution of it is so off
if ppl can serve God in regular professions,why not with music that's not overly "Christian"? Not my calling,but don't wanna judge
Partying hard tonight
I don't look at my TL, so if you subtweet me, tough noogies my nxgga. *shrugs*
emanating. a beautiful word
I know I miss u!
Girl: "I'm ugly." Everyone: "Shut up you attention whore." Girl: "I'm pretty." Everyone: "Shut up you conceited bitch."
Hm... thanks. Any mention as to if born in one state, died in another?
#Texans here we go time for lift off and get this win boys
don't worry I will be back super soon for late night pancakes ❤❤❤
Terry Collins is a pussy...."in baseball theres unwritten rules"....and you broke the rules you faggot.
YES! Or... be lame and order the canned version online along with some cheese curds
