Thanks, retroactively, to all my friends for not mocking the "steampunk" theme of that play I was in to my face. That must've been hard!
Omg Jonathan your picture of you and Danielle is soo freaking cute!! (Profile Picture) lol! Aw! <3 (:
Hey folks! To make things less complicated, we will now be tweeting only from Follow us for updates on #WineRiot & more!
is that movie on
Only five fictitious names were found by the GAB.
im still waiting for u to bust some rhymes
I had rice today...no fries! This morning was a breakfast sandwich. Now I have to stretch my brain for dinner...
waiting for some #IUBB action!
sorry Magic. Bucky Badger & friends gonna work over the Spartans. I'm from MKE but I got family in FNT.
smh gotta stay after a walk, what's that four walks today for Braun? lol
ugh heck yeah!
Can't wait for !
Thanks for the RT!
#Brewers are making Miguel Batista look like an ace.
I can't believe by this time next week I will officially have my MLIS...
Only at techie events is it good manners to look at smartphone to live tweet
Best part of the Oscars so far: Cirque du Soleil's entrancing LIVE performance.
A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list. 1 of her wishes is to trend on Twitter. Give a RT #alicebucketlist”
Hi Mike, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns. Follow me to DM?
Nice! Yes, it's next Saturday.
MEEK MILL tonight at #ECHELON3000 !!!
Panelist Sasha Foo sends a message from her Chinese grandmother -- Why do you want this job!? Crowd laugh. You just have to be here.
Haha he had no arguments at all. I said that Thors hammer cant be picked up so if he set it on the hulk then its over.
I'll take a look. Thanks, Kari! We should do coffee soon and catch up.
It's going to be a beautiful day today in Milwaukee. Get outside and enjoy!
they just played yalls UL song on morning show #ballin still
Dane Cook before I go to sleep. 👏😂
RSVP for my live performance Hard Rock Cafe April 14
Why did I say yes to working tomorrow... dammit! :(
The Black & white ones those are nice!!!!
Jacketman09 Check our site No minimums we ship world wide! www.varsityjackets09.com You team your colors your team pride
no, not at all.. took the time to sit next to him and got involved.. I've watched the commercials on tv.... lol
Do you make your own pizzas at home? If so, do you stick to the basics or get creative?
are you emotionally prepared for the series finale of #onetreehill next week?
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
a happy new year even to the one dbag out there saying "i hope everyone has a shitty year". here's to 2012
Hahahaha seriously. Like heaven. Why couldn't I have been Born 10 years earlier?
omg i have butterflies in my tummy ♥
LOVE working with our #socialmedia team ! What rock stars!
Just had another fabulous idea... Guessing if I'm gonna sit and write it down this time.
I had a crazy awesome childhood. Can I go back to it?
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
Boys Are Confusing As Hell. I Guess I'm Just ; #undateable . \m/
Sitting home alone while everyone else in my family goes out...cool
you need a ikeep
Can't wait! RT I can't wait to get my on later this week!!!!! Happy Easter/Passover bunny wonders!!!
Anybody else feel like Felix will carry us the rest of the game? Nah, me neither.
we are going to Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop. I will hear of nothing else.
nothin wrong with a little snow :)
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this Hugh, Thanks Lee
omg hi
well you always having fun without me
Winners in each category will be named at a Gala Awards Banquet on November 3 at the Seaport Hotel in Boston
interesting - never heard of it before but we are constantly marketing for clients involved with similar programs
I was told I didn't have Maddy tomorrow, now suddenly I do & with no set time on when. Not my fault if I'm late tomorrow.
Let's toast to it being Friday.....with 2 for 1 beverages ALL DAY! The nice cold pool awaits you....!
We've got standard buttermilk, plus a rotating fancy flavor. This month's is spiced date! both kinds come with housemade syrup.
i am a full time college student soon to be living on my own again, with an internship and a job, i need to save moneyyss
So, do you think that GM should have gone under? Is there a difference between a corporation who employs so many
worst idea ever. Next.
When I was a kid, most things were closed on nationally recognized holidays. Now, it seems nothing closes for anything..,
this girl said "james franco is ugly." bitch, do you want to die?
I watched some this morning! They're so addicting! Wonder what they'll do for # 200?
I'm not falling asleep, I concentrate better with my eyes closed :l
Omg so awkward! My ex is here O_o
Mark's pants are fucking legit. I wish i could pull them off.
Where is , slone ?
Shawty got potential I could be a sponsor
Just let her talk shit all she wants. Theres no way she'll get between you&hunter. It makes her look stupid.
There are many business options that require small efforts and capital, but that is not the case with the music industry
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
Beerbelts and Moonshine RT Well it looks like I'm going to the Spring game tomorrow with
Hahaha amen! :D You tell em!
yeah I'm embarrassed - and it's still not done!
RT : Commit to the process. What will be will be.
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band. If one lets it go, it hurts the on who held on. <3
Cheesecake Factory?! So jealous. Bring me some lol.
get yo ass over to art class!
You think you feel ignored? Ha! What do you think the Yellow Light goes through every day?
would def. be interested in dad's feedback; I'm an intern at the museum & might be interested in writing a blog post, etc
(4/26) Take a chance on 's RebelBingoParty where people win weird prizes and drink&dance to DJs NancyWhang +
Several new Los Angeles Pokatok practice sessions scheduled for Summer. Times, dates and locations to be announced.
“: I'm following you. ” miss you situation! Let's rage soon!
appreciate the info, but I'm still optimistic for the season and the pitching staff. keep working hard
what am I? chopped liver?
Hated by many! Loved by few! Respected by all! I just tell it how it is...
Orgeron grounded out to first but drove in one run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 2-0.
don't jinx it. also spend a few days in ohio & florida and tell me if u say the same.
7-7! Let's Go Giants!
They were brilliant, the councillor said.
Bring your friends and family. Bundle up and grab a hot coco
RT from Iran: signs today both police and basij may have members sympathetic to us. Reach out to them now
i dont think people actually read my tweets but thats okay. HEY GUYS WHATS UP.
#obamaCU Your live feed, sucks... an IPHONE can stream better than this. ASPECT RATIO!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways call you and talk for hours. Texting is a friendship thing.
We just tapped Brooklyn Brewery's Mary's Maple Porter... Delicious!
I feel like we can finally talk!
also Juliette Chung's paper in panel no. 528 #aas2011 (funny having to write out "no." to avoid inadvertent hash tag)
Hey! Can you say hey to my friend Kathleen she loves you!
lol “: never lied!”
Hey Adam, I would love to have you on my radio show in Jerusalem, Israel!
you are confusing things here...the comment you called racist referred to his parents ...not him
okay, wonderful (: can't wait! I have been scheming and I think I have come up with the perfect idea!
That too.
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." ~Ralph Marston
you would probably get behind him and push his ass you sick bastard
had two blocks tonight that were some of the best hustle plays the #Bucks have had all season.
I hear you I like it for a beginner its cool stay wit it you got potential now take it to da moon bro
Won't be there for another hour.
Shooting some stuff out on the Promenade tomorrow starting around noon. If a giant crowd showed up, that would be awesome. Wink, wink.
lol thanks hannah! :) I am I can only handle so much
"Geography of the Meth Epidemic" Monica Stephens
I hate when ppl pocket dial me consecutively
So glad you could attend the event! RT : Great morning event #ad4mh great charity to support in Milwaukee
sandiegoDTOWN.com will host an event at Confidential and La Puerta on July 15. Mark your calendars! Really cool prizes!
Getting ready for #MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping the Greatest Hits in the office right now.
haha..I took a pic with marc yst! but I didn't get the last book . John plz prepare for more questions coming to u from janice
who did yhurs
RIP Tony
We have a great dialogue happening about Civic Engagement @ our Institute in St. Paul - thx 2 those who traveled 2 be with us
Im hungry and dont feel goin to get im so lazy lol
So you're saying I shouldn't bother doing laundry.
wake up :)
Woahhh. Feeling way better than I have the past few days
Had a great time! Can't wait to try what's next.
RT : Retweet For A Shout Out !
Google can't lose people's trust, or they'll be lost to competitors
we hope you enjoyed it :)
Best weekend of my life.
Guy obviously did an outstanding job. Who's idea it was to put him on a plane for several hours just to go see a consultant?
Loved the segment -but you guys missed the MIDI turntable & scratch tv- which was released b4 the devices mentioned
This is the lamest episode of Mama's Family ever. Oh, it's Taylor Swift...nevermind. Still better than Rhianna and Coldplay.
Skills--find content, organize it, criticize it, and USE it. We need people who can do things, not just talk.
I am loving the "best of" ..... but it seems like there should be a "best balcony" award... NOLA has some great ones.
what happened to Diashini!?
If doesn't start at least 8 games this year for the #Seahawks, it'll be an absolute travesty.
have to go with piss a marble .. shitting a watermelon would tear your ass open.
Let's do the Time Warp again.
At #compcloud listening to Adrian Gostick talking about engagement & motivation & incentives
That's great news! You're on our schedule! See you on Tues :)
I am going to tweet you until you follow me. Expect a tweet every now and then until you follow me.
how are u?
serious? GA plays GA tech...non conference schools..the hype of this is it border games is ridiculous
Submitted to a number of 2010 film fests (fingers crossed). Now trying to organize a local "sneak preview" towards the end of February...
Want to have the best gift at the #babyshower ? Give Toot Away. They'll laugh. Then thank you a million times after the baby is born.
LOL I don't get it...
kicking ass
Great info on ConsumerVue. Good to see you guys spreading correct information about the PDR
#ImThatPersonWho cant stay mad at you
Tonight will tell all! Game 7.
When your dad is secretly a bitch to the same person you hate (: thanks for takin my side dad, love you <3
it s you tho:) Santana is perfect:D
aww well it was nice to see u
ADHD Allies uses facebook to support adults with ADHD: community, resources, videos, stats. Pretty well done by McNeil Pediatrics. http: ...
Who will press for change in our arts organizations? Many forces support the status quo.
Just got my DVD in the mail, then ran into Cupid himself, ! Happy times!
WHY IS THERE CAT HAIR EVERYWHERE
lmao Cal you got SERVED !!!RT Aahh, then say "drive the Maxima" Cal! You know me better then that ☺
#realization : I'm always all about summer classes beforehand, and when they finally start I hate myself for taking them
We felt shaking, but thought it was a big truck driving by our office in Pt. Loma. RT : Did you feel shaking? We're looking...
Today at my home church was special. It was the 20yr reunion of the 1st song I EVER led with a choir. "Jesus Is Real" I gave God my all toda
checking The Twitter screen options...finally!!!
Pastry chefs have my heart. They work so hard - are scientists to some extent - and don't always get the nods.
- that's great! Allergies were taking my voice hostage all week.
Got some students asking about internships. Are you all offering some for the summer?
So bored! :( really don't want to go to school tomorrow!!! :(
I'm already done with the NBA for the year.
RT : This ain't like kindergarten where you could dry hump a bitch at nap time and rest easy that all you could get was cooties.
See you tomorrow :)
good. Who'd you stay with?
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT, 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM/ ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I know I laughed so hard my sides were hurting I would love to see that episode again is the show on dvd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Hope this day will be EXTRA special for you. Enjoy it! 😁💗
"is this fair trade cocaine?"
time to.send the.goones lol
Was it the fitted sheet? NO ONE should be judged for their ability to fold the fitted sheet...
I think I am going to beauty blog today. Also I think I need to talk about my look lately and why it kind of upsets people.
UT to hire Cutcliffe. What sense does it make to force out a coach then hire his coordinator two years later.
I wonder if it's a bad time to order pizza right now??? O_o
So while everyone's tweeting about Austin doing AUSTREAM I'm sitting here sad cause I cant watch it </3
Does that involve alcohol? If so, we're in!
Today is CA's 30th annual Day of the Teacher! Sincere thanks, especially to LBUSD teachers who brought 5,200 5th graders to LBMA this year!
Today is such a beautiful day! :)
Guess you don't know nobody no more huh?----ATL on >>>>>>>
How exciting, real people followed me today. It doesn't happen as often as it used to. Welcome and :)
It had me at "vi keys."
Be a singer. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
Go #Pacers!
Good luck, Rickie n Prince!
In my first 2 months of college I became managing member of an LLC in order to help marginalized women overseas find hope.
is holding a BIG #singles / #dating #contest next month & looking for sponsors. $200 in prizes so far. DM for details and pls RT!
Had a client practice new to EMR letting one eye technician take charts home to input data for the next day. Talk about juggling grenades.
reception at 5p.m. for new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedrichs, Dr. Gee & other VIPs welcoming her
did you know?The average garden variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.
Love life while we're still alive.
Woke up feelin really good!
Trend of the Week: Radiant in Red 'Tis the season for scarlet hues considering all the red we saw strutting down the red carpet this week
Clouds look like a lot of things except like clouds, definition of identity crises.
Heavy rain expected in Portland area starting tonight all through thanksgiving!! Sigh. Is this the beginning of the end of nice weather?
you were the first one. ☺
My mission statement is to be awesome.
take notes, I want a report .... :)
OMG we have been BFFs for almost 2 years and have not even met in person yet!
Local: Buy One get One Free Holiday Arrangement! Act Now Limited Supply Call 419-475-9646
It's kind of ironic that my ex called and then the song Jar of Hearts came on the radio..
#Gemini can be one of the most committed signs BUT not before playing the field 1st.
My mom is better than your mom!! Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there!!
Got to meet Nikki Sixx and saw Florence + the Machine perform...that's a good Tuesday!
aww. Well hopefully he starts tweeting again :)
The map from home to work is a solid red line. I'll never get there. Sigh
haha yeah yeah I'm good I'm good :)
thats apart of life, get use to it!
Up to my neck: n goat getting ready for tonight's goat dinner. First course. Curry scented goat carpaccio, Rita, potato chips.
sam stays on his couch when he is in NYC
Music tonight (Wed., May 9) 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
BoltBus just stopped at a BK in Connecticut and EVERYONE walked in and ordered ice cream
I think he doesn't have one n ur the cute one here :3
"Your body is adaptable, with remarkable capacities to heal. Empower it as much as you can through your lifestyle." --The 100 Year Lifestyle
As did Junior and Matsui.
They were on the mat together and Cam just rolled over and started licking Jacks forehead. Jack doesn't seem to like it.
ha no definatly not. Dude have you ever ate here is insane...im scared
#projectX is pretty funny, but is was more baddass then anything else..
I really need to take my contacts out, my eyes are starting to hurt ):
That's right NeNe! Keep them a child as long as they wanna be one because later on...WHEW GIRL!! LOL
I dont want this night to end! <3
Another great guest tonight: The fabulous DJ PIERCE ala Shangela from Ru Paul's Drag Race....FIERCE!
no problem. i couldn't find your name when i went to post it, or i would have credited you! i'm in abington - close by :)
My mom AND my dad love Call Me Maybe... Well done :)
Friday the 13th!
weather looks like it going be bad
Grading P6 today. Woo.
Hah, thanks. It is pretty pirate-y.
RT : Hello! It's damp & rainy here. We saw the new episode, it is so funny. Love your show!
Rumor has it that is going out of business. They were our print partner for years and will be missed.
My father had a profound influence on me, he was a lunatic.
There is a time for work. And a time for love. That leaves no other time. ~Coco Chanel
while you are negating the personal sovereignty of another group of people (consensual sex workers). This is absolutely hypocritical.
hey-we have the same birthday!!
In those moments we take time to be thankful for very specific things in our life, right now, today - our cup is getting filled.
#ListOfTurnOns: Hugs from behind, kissing my neck, biting on my neck, lip biting, whispering in my ear.
Congratulations on the milestone, Sarah!
good luck tonight ! See you Friday :)
Looking forward to exploring the walks around San Jose w scanjose.org
Why the hell was i so pissed off about losing $120 at ?
Been on wat u mean?? RT : so u finally get on
thanks! Pleasure meeting you too! Come out to Shore Club on May 5th, I'm spinning
Thanks WEVL for being so rockin
Do I want McDonalds for supper? IDK I'm feeling it.
It's a party for only girls, to eat sausage and watch Patrick Swayze movies. Mm. I choose to see it as a delicious act of counter-feminism
Closed LONG $USDJPY for +1 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 32% SHORT
Just got out of school, stph didn't wait for me as usual, she's getting it tommarow lol ;)
you should get me SO many posters!:D like a BUNCH!:D <333
It makes me think of a female Flava Flav.
oh but can u hangout later
What an awesome job the Denver team has done w/ ! I know exactly how much work it takes to make this event so wonderful. Kudos!!
what is the favorite so far for the Divish first child name poll? I still say Alex Divish!
i'm down
where did u see matt bomer?
All furniture built. Audio equipment set up. Everything is coming together perfectly.
I said "Canvassing for Obama." I wasn't aware he was either.
I'm glad I'm not your friend
QoTD: "Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important, in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not." (Nath ...
hey! Thanks for the follow!
Congrats Hilary Duff on delivering your first Even Stevens, looks like your OB/GYN has #ComeOutToPlay today
You don't get it.
How da fuck Ur moms and grandma sexier than u ? Hoe hit
Xmas Tweets: Mom and Dad arguing about mashed potatoes, while wife stutters through her lie about why she really wants to go to Carson's.
Matt placed 3rd in the skiercross competition at Granite peak !
glad you liked it!
thanks for the spotlight. At roughly 350M of us that is close to 2.2 Billion pounds of trash a day!!!
yay!!! Thank u for sharing this info... I'll download and donate :-)
Great to hear! TY! ;) RT : you are always our choice and believe: you have the best concierge in the world: Walter.
“You are called like the apostles to make God known to others.”
I think so---- just another way to gain presence on the net.
Annette << sometimes we have a love hate relationship
Everyone is following this hero, correct???
So tear another page from the book Are you asleep or just alone? Clear this room from your lungs
Finally bought Greyson's hold on 'til the night special asia edition & 1D's Up All Night !!!!!!
ringalinglinggg! Hello? Hi Vicky!! Thanks for the follow!! xoxoxo love,
Yo, im at SMX in AZ. Social Media conference. Send your humans here next time. I mentioned knowem, they were on it like flies on s.
So there's these two young men who stole my heart --> Austin Mahone and Matt Hunter
Don't mind me...just sitting here thinking of your #bootylicious. What a Wednesday!
What a good morning it is.! Lol
I'm gonna go write. I'm gonna pour a vodka orange juice. Smoke a blunt and write this song because I got words seeping out.
This is an annual tradition we started yrs ago in our cul de sac. Kids r all grown up now but we still do it every year!
Here's a gem: When being musically 'creative' (i.e. composing) all else pales into oblivion, until the piles of letters fall over.
Wishing a very fabulous birthday to an amazing boss and even more wonderful person!!
yeah, i know it'd suck alot! :P But y'know you'll find someone exactly like that one day, as loving and caring as austin(c)
One of my grandfather's died right before T was born. I think of it every time T's birthday rolls around.
dear can't wait to see the what line up is for the coke stage this year :D
The 7 Figure Speaking Empire iPhone app is now available for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad! Open App store and search "MVP & Associates"!
Just ran 10 miles, 7 to Lambeau Field and did the Packers 5k after.
Lauren-Take 90 or 94 to get to Indiana, then resume normal travel plans. LSD/55 will be closed.
and I was replying to your awesomeness tweet
On Feb. 29, 1896 the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad entered into receivership.
Facebook has changed the landscape. We are onstage whether we want to be or not. #globeinsiders,
all of my #dirtywork is not appropriate for Twitter...
Is it bed time yet?
I'm off now. (: RT : what time u get off of work?
Why am I still here? :/
Even tho I'm angry at I'm excited to see her ugly ass (:
I swear every one got a hair cut today
How did people fare now that #NaNoWriMo is over? Are you catching up on sleep right now?
": #AfternoonDelite Question1: What's a food that you would like to use during a sexual experience: Cinnamon Rolls....LOL!!
that pitch was painful! even if it is edited for tv to look like this. if he interrupted every single time...not cool!!!
I can't stop watching this what not to wear marathon!! Ah
Thank you to the new followers & 342 does not make me Blue!
So what did you do today? I graded 15 essays, went through half a box of kleenex, and drank a gallon of water.
Julian, Can you say happy Birthday to Zoe! shes one of my bestfrienndss (:
I am stunned U R the most creative intellegent talent person on the show
Wow-ee! A real person I don't know is following me! Thanks, ! It's the small things in my world.
I can't get enough of the pit beef and collard greens from
: Come for the real Matt Branham, stay for the naked Bill Murray background.
Who was the first president of the USA ? JESUS
hey hey
Come get some, you little bums. I got a lot, and you can't get none.
The gods too are fond of a joke. ~ Aristotle
When your bored, creativity strikes
Thanks for following back and welcome! X
0ld School Jam @ Santa Ana Star Center this Sunday!
im not lol XD i do the same before i accept a person
running the board for the game vs the New Jersey Nets on
If you guys haven't yet but go follow my original account
Great discussion today on education
Bring on the Devils!!!!!!
help us #SAVECACS and get that same support for Victims of Child Abuse Act. W/o help kids can grow up to be adult
I was watching something on TV talking about disciplining your child, I just have a hard time yelling at Gavin, he is too cute!
I think so, at least until senility sets in, should have a few good years left.
I just wanted to say hi to everyone before i go to school
has same interests as NBA star “: Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx on being the World Champions!!!”
don't forget brain soup, brain nachos, fried brain, brain lo mien, pickled brain, brain omelet, beer battered brain...
That's crazy! Thank you so much! I think I'm gonna post a new one everytime I gain 1k so yea.. Glad you liked it :) <3
We will announce some awesome contest next week! Stay Tuned...
how? Haha. Are you gonna try to come with us?
Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang
#highfive thank you!
Did you know that you were snapped by the google earth streetview cam? Totally stand out in your jersey!
Will do - hit me up - let's build.
yeah you're right
you got yourself a deal
Sleep Call me at 9:30
Teague, Davis, Lamb, Wildcats unbelievable game!
i love looking at zumies online... want EVERYTHING!
Why everybody hating on Mayweather?!
Wish Brian Williams would've dropped the personal questions, focused on the national issues more, really sad debate
got any suggestions on books i can read up on this??
Had a full day of airsoft today. Fun, good and tired.
it's too stressful.
Straight off the boat..
I gotta get to sleep early morning good night all
I think I'm going to go see Mucca Pazza this week.
Excited for the Final Four featuring Ohio State!
are you having a bad day?
The Real-Time Beta is addicting.
Oh, God. It took me a minute to figure out what was going on there. I thought it was super NSFW!! Low-hung pregnancy!
sure not!
lol no they just look alike I think Omarion is older
Guys, hold the phone, the bachelorette starts tonight.
Okay. I got a lot of video ideas. Work on my channel this weekend!
So excited will c Cirque De Soleil, Love in Vegas Baby! My life is so amazing Thank u God
You're right, can't argue with that at all...
Hope you have a blast!
I'm going to walk the 12 blocks or so back to my car now & then make myself work out. I hope.
Feels like the days get longer each day
Now you have a family of Spidermen? That's not so bad, right?
When guys cross their legs when they sit
Just wanted to say nice knowing u all, after I hit the MegaMillions today Peace! I'm out!!!
Sweet! Our neighborhood got picked for blue recycle bins! No more harboring trash in the kitchen! lol
ohh okay! cool so you will be with me in will call line! since the others go in a different line. and okay that is good!!
Are you feeling better? I'm glad you had a good day! I miss you, though. LOTS.
got racks on racks on racks<333 ah! song is stuck in mah damnn head
i'll never talk to you again
be nice if the haters of lebron would read what the ppl close to him say about him....the ones that matter
When you need me i'm right by your side. But when i need you, your nowhere to be found. Why can't you be there for me like I am for you?
When you get fake nails for so long then don't have them you feel weird.
oh man! God times!
I like big macs
Interested in learning Salsa (on One) This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks.
Just vacationing I guess lol
Have wit & wisdom? Poise & panache? The ability to swoon a genetically-enhanced dolphin? Creative writers wanted!
Flavor notes for this nespresso pod - burnt plastic, charcoal, finish reminds me of exhaust fumes.
Apparently was supposed to be at the boys school tonight but couldn't make it
Great win today Brewers! Great pitching by Wolf.... must've been the full moon... aaaahhhhh!!!!
Stuck on a plane on the ground at lax for 30 minutes with no free gate arrvd early. Now late!
Really wonder why I didn't throw football around south campus shirtless last year. Oh wait, no I don't.
thank you!! XOXO!
8:30 tonight! Still want to go to the winter festival this weekend?
I am creating plans for the 2012 success coach conference. Very exciting.
.......I actually liked it
What a bizarre night.
Hm. Sorry man.
what about consoles… those cables will still float around.Nay.
no way you serious?!
while in the presence of crackheads, watch your shit.
Pulling quotes from 's Jail No Bail to be put on the Friendship Nine's soon coming twitter feed. They did a great job with this.
RT : "The FLESH thrives on Noise,Activity,Competition & Busyness. The SPIRIT thrives on Silence,Stillness, Solitude & Scripture."
Perfect week for a movie! "Teens Through Time" film series features: "I Know What You Did Last Summer" Wednesday 5/25 @ 4:30p in the Rines!
Friends sweet sixteen tonight 🍸🎉
I don't Look for work..I'd Rather Create Opportunities
follow me ??
Watching the Republican debates with
Brad, are you still in and "Got Next" for our tennis challenge this summer?
I like how uses my twitter to mention herself.
Wow, really? How could women EVER like sports? That's insanity. </sarcasm>
Awww Man I Love My Bitches!!!!
So many of my favorite things in one. New Orleans and the Denver Broncos. Welcome to Denver Tracy!
Milwaukee tweeps: I need an A/V genius who can help us with our TV remote issues. Recommendations?
My sister keeps calling my friend a bitch
LOVE IT!
Part 2, #FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
I think I might take a nap during lunch!
when is our aniversery
hell yeah let's punch them
Day 1 of the transformation has begun!
Congrats to Lisa Hoak for being our 1,000th fan! Hey Lisa - DM us your email so we can give you that Dirty Ball ticket!
just out here kickin it getting ready for may 20th
If you just tuned in we are live at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy- Marge Fitzsimmons shares her diagnosis of conversion disorder.
Hey, good to "meet" a fellow ink-stained wretch . I look forward to our "conversations."
please tweet happy birthday
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
lovely pic as usual
The text I just sent >>>
#InTheSummer I forget what day of the week it is.
“A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a month's study of books”
Yes. My research is on online war music videos, and several involved memorialization or tribute.
can you follow me back please
Respect to da fallin! SALUTE!!™ 10 beats today will be downloadable n honor for dem! 1st beat will come n 30mins.! p.a.i.n is released den
Come On by Green River Ordinance. yup, perfect.
Food Fact of the Day: April 23, 1985 Coca-Cola announced it was changing its 99 year old secret formula. New Coke was a big flop.
Welcome ! Nice to Tweet you!
follow back :D
Jay-Z, Drake, Kid Ink, Curren$y, Wiz Khalifa
hi love(:
what's going on in Hot Springs today? #du #pioneers that's what!!
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Me and oomf get along so good im shocked
ALL you ever do is call me.
Nordstrom bistro dinner w/ mom, new makeup & did serious damage at coach (birthday gifts!). Now gossip girl before bed! BEST Monday night :)
New HH menus are available online at www.chefgeoff.com under restaurant name -> menus
Ditto I don't believe they're the only ones either but it still sucks. Didn't need anything to tarnish our Superbowl win.
My cousin brought me three mangos! :)
Rusty spur wit my girl
Shove your shoes up your ass!
Follow and ill Do da Samee for you. Leggo!
She seems all good now but when u grow up u gone see the things u Nevin a woman u can't find it in a lil girl true story
You're begging for attention and it's fucking irritating. I cried for hours this morning and I can still fake a smile so just fucking stop.
Wow today has been the day from the freaking twilight zone!
If you followed me, I'd mean the world. Stay GRAND (:
oh my bad I was talking about the seat in the concert O.e I'm old and confused. There were only a few people standing in front
Love that show!! RT : Watching Shark Tank with
Hello goddess! Thanks for RT on my son in the navy!!!
I'm gonna watch the Spanish channel, even though I don't understand it, just because pirates of the Caribbean is on
can you bring an album out already?!
omfg. somebody why finally understands! lord thank you Jesus !!
Spring Grant Cycle announcement on applications & information coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We don't make pita but I like to enjoy my hummus with Spuntino or
ok... truth by numbers...
The Orioles need to average 2 victories, per week, thru the rest of the season if they wanna reach 60 wins ...
Kendrick went too hard for the dub tonight haha
Good morning! Shout out 2 parents who give up their saturdays 2 help their children find their destiny & fulfill their dreams..
<-- forcing himself to be happy & carefree in the face of poisonous thoughts. So, let's find some positively cool news to share...
Just checked in at spinks barber shop time to get chopped up...
Really great! All the pieces are coming together nicely - now we just can't wait to see the questions that are submitted
that's why you by garlic already minced in a jar.
Last one awake.... Job well done boys.
Nobody likes bitches, but sometimes people make that bitch in us come out quite easy;
ight fuck dog i wanna get all faded with you!
neither does your husband! Save for a small handful of songs I really don't care for them.
hello:) remind me?
This ain't the life that we chose but its the life that were living. Know we belong on the top but we ain't tripping. Cus we gonn get there
lol my fave besides prince Royce of course
lol! No cake pops for you! U can have a little indulgence you know? So you don't go splurge on junk
haha pretty much...ive switched from studying to deciding which life threatening injury would be the least painful
Ryan can u follow back so we can DM? Wanna talk some pigskin on our show.
Thanks dude. how have you been?
#BetYouDidntKnow Hitler was ticklish.
Haha, that's funny
you smash at the bet honor show.... You did that and that note I thought u were Mariah!
that make one of you ;-) jk
Congrats on 3 million x
coffee, helluva drug
thank you!
Chargers Suck. It's official.
I am pretty low. Its kind of a weird day. I think I need to be little and watch cartoons and cry. :(
I have a test next period o:
Good job Lakers!!!!
That's awesome! Sharing the love is good for the soul. Welcome to NYC. ;)
Just saw guy in Latrell Sprewell jersey.
Unfortunately 33 these are the new Cowboys. #don't make 'em like they used to.
asian pear.
currently watching hanna
check ur stuff babe ...
Downloading SCP 087. I fully expect to need to be held in about a half hour.
always lol im cool tho just ready to get back
Roasted squirrel futures are up on news the GOP will cancel food stamp program. Zombies unaffected so far. via
Fun day outside!!!
IF UR DAY BECOMES FUCKED UP AND STINKS LIKE MONKEY BALLS, IT'S NOT MY FAULT!! #GOODNIGHT #GODBLESS!!
Are you a Cancer? If so, I hope I haven't ruined it for you!
not sure. Saw the preview before Beauty and the Beast and it was amazing! :))
$640 million dollars worth of lotto tickets I'm going to disappear
Cant decide who has the better hot Latina accent... or thoughts or ? I'm sure I know.
Working on a simple animation for a new poetry video. Simple, relatively speaking.
Thanks Breesa! When are we gonna hear a Breesa Track?
Last day to leave a review of LP w/o registering on LooseCubes. Help us represent #NOLA & make their Top 10 List of co working spaces!...
we would choose a low-calorie, organic Willo Cocktails margarita of course ;)
R.i.p. Whitney Houston. Way too young to die
Awesome! MT : On same plane as "I recognized you because of your Wikipedia laptop."
Ninety percent in life is showing up! Anonymous
Great meeting and others at tonight's #ict4d #may2dc tweet up
No one will understand my love for The Big Bang Theory!!
If a guy likes me has to put it in a love song.
Tipsy time
I seriously hate when I bring food to rehearsal and people mooch
#slcwebinar Narrating your work -imagine everyone is in same room - get conversation going that helps others get to know you.
live at our Camp Randall location from 3-6pm! In years past Coach Bielema, Barry Alvarez, and past players have stopped by!
RT Closing Prayer: God of mercy, I praise you for your abiding presence, in all generations, and the blessings you bestow.
RT : I've kicked for a cause with Radio City Christmas Spectacular's Kicking Across America!
I can't believe I'm tweeting about this but watching that tennis match today...holy smokes! Those guys are incredible!
Oh cool! Do keep me posted, that sounds awesome!
I'm gonna love you through it
Driving while your hair decides to flip out the window to say hi to everyone comes back in to slaps you in the face!
Just submitted my first article to a certain magazine. Now, I wait anxiously.
i wish i could of went to one of your #welcometoparidise concerts. Even tho i couldnt i still love and support you! 143 <3
Too busy taking notes to tweet but handouts on history bldg environment issues session are downloadable
#What2ChainzWouldSay My raps simple..ABCs, but I got them dope analogies, I'm countin money..123's, when da cameras flashing..I say CHEESE!!
Lots of interesting discussions here at RIT about future of technology and education. Charging around the campus like a loose electron!
i miss my family
what PG are to in? You scared the crap outta me thinking I missed my PG meeting or worse, I was loosing my mind!
oh i know right! He's my idol lol i'm jealous that he called you! :p
welp I'm going back to my cartoons
are your handwriting skillz as atrophied as mine? … breathe ...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA You guys are crazy!♡
How are we not in Twitter Jail yet.?
Speaking of bad syfy movies: did by any chance did you see Moby Dick 2010. It was beyond horrible,yet I couldn't stop watching
I don't think that'll happen. I bet it goes to a game 7
I'm tired if reading these damn stories and answering questions.
you do suck less:) That's great!
haha I don't think you're ready
no bike yet. Should have it by this weekend
- Forced marriages and early pregnancies can be a health risk and deprive girls of important opportunities. #Norway at
off to the shop!
Great workout at Core Cardio Class yesterday! RT: : My abs are killing me today. Thanks for that.
haven't told still thinking about running away
Fresh prince of belaire 👍👍👍👍
Lindsey, thanks for the kind shout out :) You're great!
nobody evvaa beats me!!!! i remember that game
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights vs Bingo Players -Up n Rattle (Mash-Up)
Carrying so many bags feel rich af
yep follow me and I follow back!
I'm a cheap drunk.
Wow the Knicks look like a brand new team!
I think I like "Gorewhore" the most. LOL Great work!!!!
or when one fat ass takes up two seats - hate that. Good, but depressing.
I'm also in the middle of reading the Hunger Games series, and as an American History buff it just makes me feel a little....revolutiony.
So much homework is due tomorrow. I have to do 30 freaking assignments.. Shouldn't have put it off. Eh. Still have a 96% and 98%.
tired of hearing about GOP plans to force the next great depression but it might seem worse when it actually starts in a few weeks.
totally! Except less badges and even MORE cookies!
we're sad, too. EABF 2012!!
- im Boy Crazi !
gimme sum
Absolutely, I've found my superior footwork on the dfloor is highly transferable to my low post game. I'll teach you some lessons.
Learn to enjoy your free time. Figure out a bucket list. Harder than you think.
money in the polo wallet make the wallet heavy
yo & I really wanna put my face in someone's pussy n our class. lol bet u cnt guess who?
got it yesterday! Nicely executed.
come people, need viewer. Go to YouTube type. Grandson gets brain freeze.
._-!|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I love that #paleodiet isn't difficult to follow. I'm usually full and I have no cravings. My energy is high.
GM randy how was vday?
evil Koch bros own paper co that makes tp -- not sure which one so we are boycotting use of ANY toilet paper until further notice!
Yes it is! What do you think? RT : Is that a fancy new logo!
#AmericanPickers Some of these dudes on this show really have nothing but garbage in their house!
Its Yves Saint Laurent Fall 2011 collection. :)
My mind is tired.
who's next? Do tell...
Apparently making your way through apartments is really hard!
but I've been saying it. --->
Yes I think some would. Maybe then we should do our own programming on ghosts that comes at the topic from a different angle.
Go knock on something wooden you fool.
Let's go Badgers! Orange is just a wimpy version of red.
come back to La La! I know you want #pinkberry! X
What a great AWESOME #burlesque show tonight!! I'm so proud to be your guy! All of the performers were Amazing!!
Excuses, excuses, excuses...at what point exactly will you start taking responsibility for your actions?
Awe, thanks. You're the best!
Thanks to anyone who has used Interfolio over the years; we've shipped our four millionth document!
LMAOO Bro come over here ASAP
SAN ANTONIO INVADES DALLAS ALL STAR WEEKEND February 11th -14th...We got your nightlife covered so get ready to PARTY PARTY PARTY!
I feel MUCH better after looking at those heels on your profile pic!
I Wanna Be Famous . Listen to My Covers Then You Will See ...
Would love to connect with you during #ctia if you are attending. Please DM me if you are available.
On this Veterans Day, thanks to all the brave men and women who have served our great nation.
So exciting re: Horse Shows!!! Yay! So fun! Love the horses!!!
Congratulations! “: Born.”
I'm feeling good and in that mood haha
Lol Carlos Lee.
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!!!!!
LOL! #ThingsParentsSay 'This is my house' but when it comes time to clean its magically my house too.
Feel better soon and get lots of rest!
I be sure to check for it and thanks for support
“: Brodney Pool has signed with the Cowboys according to Jason Garrett.” Boomer Sooner.
is one of the most talented and charismatic performers i'm met to date!
My mentor from The Voyager Company days!
Worst hair on : Zusi, Convey, Kamara.
Nothing but good to cheer you up and escape reality. :)
Wait - I need some of that! MT " It's Taco Tuesday! Today we're featuring Pork Meatball Tacos in a Soft Corn Tortilla"
Memorable acts are not on the main stage- think small moments in the museum- Amina
Hugs from Buffalo! !!!
Dear lady at Zacky's hogging up a table while it's busy and you are waiting for a friend and not ordering yet. You know you're guilty....
I should be a bartender, I make the best tasting drinks 😁
On a separate note, totally just drove by the church I used to always have sex at. Lulz. Oops.
yeah i know. Im glad i accpeted you =). I coudlnt be any happier then i am with you
gorgeous guy works out at gym at lunchtime. we’ve sort of eyed each other. 2 nervous 2 start a conversation. Why am i a chicken-shit!
Tried to comment on your "Soup" post but I'm not sure if it worked. Let me know. It wanted me to log onto WordPress.
Vendor! Golden Mountain Crafts: Jennifer Baron & Greg Langel - cards, cuffs, tees, '60s housewares, ephemera, cassettes, LPs.
Know someone who needs an apartment in Kansas City? Tell them about AMLI Clear Creek, we'll thank you with $400 when they move in!
The Charlotte date isn't until July 30th so I think my order will be here just in time! :)
Maybe if you weren't so stupid, I wouldn't act so crazy
You shouldn't even be surprised when a "friend" turns out to be a "busta". You know how this world is.
how r u doing do u still use facebook if so u can add me on it at and i send u a myspace friend request
Just noticed #Futurama invented #sharktopus in their first season.
I want a friendship like the girls off of Pretty Little Liars.
I never could have Imagined that all these amazing things could be happening for me... Today I am Thankful to be blessed :)
The monday after the show is a holiday, so no reason not to come early and stay late as well as enjoy all the after parties FEB19TH
BTW: Born This Way or By The Way?
There's def going to be some food porn tonight. Can't wait! :)
What have you done for WE lately? A lot of people preach, but too few of us move our feet.
Big 'thank you' to all veterans - your service is greatly appreciated. #FreedomIsn'tFree
#arentyoutiredof slow drivers? I know I am.
Happy Easter
Spoke with about heading to Rwanda? Wouldn't that be humbling. Seeing #EdTech in such a serious environment.
is reporting that I-64 is backed up
Thanks for writing about Of Dolls & Murder. And thanks for being thorough researcher. Hope to see you on the 25th!
Luck Luck will drive you butt-batty.
Would love a meatball sub right now lol
hopes to make community sharing easier, more accessible and safer. Pitching now at
I'm going back to sleep
I THERE!
vote for him thankss
never give up...just revise the plan and move ahead.
And the Hawks, well they are still the Hawks. The softest most uninspired team in the league
See you at red arrow
Worth repeating. (TY, Doobie Bros.) #p2 #Limbaugh "What a fool believes, a wise man has the power to reason away." ~ Michael McDonald
Haha aww I miss being on the #SDSU campus! Best of luck to us this season... too self-serving? :)
Adam. Hey baybaaaaay! Me and luv ya man.
was also 5 for 47 at the beginning of the second game I believe?
I'm about to roll up out of bed just for some food. Noodles sound so good right about now. #FatAss!(English Accent)
ya after every game
Everyone wants a donation
it's a tough life you live my friend! i gotta get on my game now that i'm back in SD. let me know when you wanna play torrey!
then it is.
I just made a youtube video of Put Your Hearts Up (Studio Version) tweet me if you wanna see it and i'll send you the link! ♥
Questioning whether or not I really like some of the people I follow on twitter
The skipppeeee made me laugh.. have a good weekend..
Friday fun! Our email is down, so please call the office at 414.273.1173 if you need to contact us.
poor justin RT if you suport justin and want him to feel better :)
Reading about the RAM Copy Doctrine; I find it counterintuitive that RAM copies made during normal execution are relevant to copyright.
To my #swedge neighbors, Parking lots are not a development strategy. That is all.
I need a break from people n there stupidity. Thank you Honolulu drivers for sandwhiching my car in a accident. #AcuraDeath :/
Just started with ! I'm their new worldwide community manager. One day in and they've already given me four new toys.
nope! Resourceful!
why do people post pictures of animal abuse and child neglect on facebook? "likes" aren't gonna solve the problem, bitches.
Today was awesome
Good morning! How's it going?
ik rt. Feel like I missing out
One class today.. thank u GOD.
NEED 20 MORE
Beck's accent in this episode omg
Crazy bank refused an offer on a #Orlando short sale. Digging in for a battle here!
RT : who broke Twitter. Also send energy 'cuz I am dead tired.
Hoping for a swift recovery. We may have to change/postpone travel plans.
Alright, I'm up, kid fed, laundry started, kitchen cleaned, Emmas room cleaned and its only 10am.
hi my names devon. but you can call me DEV. for short. ;-) I love so0o0o0o0o0o00o0o0o much. OMGZ
weres joe stapleton? u guys doin great commentary u know there thought process
It would be funnier to put soup in front of people with a fork.
#in Bostons St. Patrick's Day Parade 2012 Is Here!! South Boston begins at 1 p.m., on Sunday, March 18th.
That's what we said!
On my first day of school my parents dropped me off at the wrong nursery
Of course! Enjoy your week and don't eat too much of the delicious chocolate ;).
A: Not I :( BUT, hoping you guys will tweet from there and keep me in the loop
“Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.” ― Marilyn Monroe
North Carolina: God's country.
possibly....but that is a little on the older side. I have a class of 5th graders (10-11) who I would love to get in a quad.
Well good things always come to an end. But you'll see, Spurs are gonna beat that ass in six 😁😁😁
I was like what's wrong with being a virgin. And they were like "but you're 16" and I was just like "and im not a slut like you guys"
well..homework time :(
Treated myself to an iPad
I hope u get explosive diarrhea on the train ride home!
Is on my #broadway kick
heading to rehearsal
nice I'm from the US.. :) what time is it over there?
Our Twitter just passed 200 followers! Thanks to everyone for the support, big season ahead...
I feel bad for the people that don't know the area....
“whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.” hahahaha
RT - That will give New England the help it has been seeking at right guard. Waters, who worked out for the Patriots on Saturday.
Traveling with pomegranates
I talked to you on the livestream chat, I'm Justin. Solidarity from Indiana stay strong Atlanta :)
I've loved and I've lost!
I'm laughing at EVERYTHING
I Blaze to enhance my spirit.
Thanks for the scare! xo
I didn't know lol. U tryna give me a ride tho
Tax deadline = 4/17/12. You have 2 extra days to file your taxes because 4/15 is a Sunday, 4/16 is a mail holiday in DC.
Who drank the last cold beer in the fridge without replacing the supply?!?
Strawberry banana smoothie
Book launch, "Journey to the World," poetry by Emeryville second-graders: Wed. June 1 noon Barnes & Noble Emeryville, free! Edited by me.
Finished the crimson tide wrestling camp. I don't want to see any little kids for at least a week.
thanks for the follow!
your computer and Ipod stuff turning off? we me? just kidding XD
Thinking about buying something on but changed my mind. It's the new Rare for me to even buy online. Now, more rare
I miss you too!! I'm soo bored!! 😢
February dang it's cold...lol good luck
keep on grinding! I know it will be a good read!
you think will see your Opening Day tweet before Opening Day?
Can you please play some
It still hasn't hit me that I played my last game at reef
That would be fun to read. :)
k! I'm following you now!
Yeah, I talk about my sex life in public and on twitter. Simply cause its great and idgaf who knows it.
9 Days until the Home & Garden Market Dallas @ Dallas Market Hall! Booths & Tickets are still available. Info-www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
the website is back up if that matters...
So I totally missed the earthquake since I was potting flowers ....oh well
Well, they worked so hard to baked and transport those cookies...eating them is the polite thing to do. :)
so true!!!
vocals! I wrote this song and I think you'd be perfect for the chorus. What's your rate? If interested PM plz :)
Albert Einstein was born on Pi Day (3/14/1879)
We will be on stage at Playland tonight at 7:30. Don't miss out! Also, come find us after our set to buy our 3 song demo!
IF U AINT SEEN IT GO CHECK IT OUT NEW VIDEO!! D-Boy "No Feelings"://youtu.be/nEkIYy7qr7I via
If I40 in Oklahoma is called Casino Expressway, then it should be called Roadkill Freeway in Texas
Tune in to the Second Amendment Show on 1310 AM in Canandaigua or 1590 AM in Brockport. I'll be on live at 11:07!
Them: You dont like her? Me: Naw I hate that hoe! lmao
Really? on red/orange switch?
So glad you are liking it!!
Jeans skinny, like Squidward.
Pls RT -- #Paypal is not able to be secure-- do not trust, do not use. Not now. Not even with the https or little 'lock' icons.
Busted. That's why he wouldn't let us look at them.
I need free ones
One Direction? #YeahILoveThat band so much :)
I think maybe I do...haven't tried it yet. What email addy should I send it to?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful day Im going like crazy and loving it
We should like over the summer :) I've kicked it with her lately. And aaw cool! Omg your 18 already! with your old ass lol
AOOOOOU is quite a shitty Scrabble hand. Is that called a hand?
hi Linda. Left you a couple of email messages since affcon in Miami. Hope everything is ok by u. lets talk soon, ok?
Troy Polamalu has the better hair. his flys like the wind when he runs. maybe because its black and not blonde. Clay has good hair too!
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
“: Can't top listening to "Way Bacl (The Conflict)" by Have you downloaded it yet?” we need hugs!!!
Doin big i see!
hi, i saw your lime-a-rita tweet last week, where did you by it? can't find it anywhere!
Loooooooooool 3 plus ten, ok Brent ok
B!! NO Tweetin at work Mane !!! What am I paying U 4 ?!! & Get Better Mane!!! Where's Ur Coat At
yikes....may have to home school my daughter..lol
Getting ready to shower, hears thumps coming up the stairs: Me: *screams* Mom walks around the corner. Thanks for giving me a heart attack.
Welcome to the neighborhood Crumbs Bake Shop!
Cleveland Radio worst in Ohio.
on Season 4 already. It's so good!!
#Scribbler presentation. How do you compare to Docusign?
Nice headline on your doughnuts and cops post!
We get you the best coverage at the best price, to best suit your needs.
Thank you, princess spambot!
Yes. RT Can you add Pinterest password to our Google doc?
Your team your school your logo @ www.varsityjackets09.com
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make that horrible sky cam stop. Worst angle ever!!!!
I can breathe now. Niners!
ohh how I do. I'm kind of digging Mako or whatever his name is on Korra as well.
The only successful guys from that WR run in the 2nd were Jordy Nelson and Desean Jackson if I remember correctly
Cee-lo is simultaneously the most amazing artist and a self-parody.
Hey Aaron Schock fix your damn tie!
Getting hit with challenges daily, but I always overcome them, so not stressing.
Open bar got the best of me
Afternoon Seattle. Our afternoon sun is back. Come by for a Panini or 2 especially you #techready folks. Lunch is Ready for ya
Hope you all have a good night, because we've been writing for the last five hours (with an occasional Taco Bell break here and there lol)
Is Jonny back to stay?? We sure need him?
Broadcasting Game 2 Suffolk County Hockey Playoffs on MSG VARSITY Tonight!!!!
You look awesome in cap & gown! CONGRATS!!!
thanks Josh..beautiful people make it easy!
thanks girl!!! Kinda nervous tho😳
Thanks Lisa :)
walking innocently with and a random guy asks us if we want to buy some weed
Oh,I hate school
Ditto And
NP Lloyd - Players Prayer
you're my boyfriend and it's official :DD lol
Struggling to figure out twitter since games and social networks have been making out so much lately.
": Nice! I won't kill myself Tonight after all. Always come in in the clutch! #ThatsOpeForYa!!!" Oh..nvm then
Ah yes, the smell of brats and gyros in the air.
omh facebook won't let me log in :(
I will not bend break or fold!
I totally get it. And you are correct. It was a good catch for a post I wrote bleary-eyed and exhausted. As always...
If you haven't already received a package (book) from me yet, you should be soon. I read it recently and just had to share. :)
September 8th -- I'm on a team. You should. It'd be badass.
I'm probably late to the dance, but just discovered Pandora. Usually don't like music radio, but this is pretty cool. Enjoying my Punk mix!
just be in the class at that time if you can, though I am not sure I will have access to the class during the presentation.
I have a card for you...you just wait lol
Marketing makes the list! "The 5 Hardest Jobs to Fill in 2012"
Thanks for the add! Hah. Totally suck with mobile Twitter.
Pineapple express
I really hope. What wrong with your iPhone
#ICONicBoyzarebackagain yeah buddy!!!!
Hey it is here April 6th at Salute Wine Bar and Cafe!! Pisco Sour Ceviche and Dance!!!!!! Start at 6pm
New Italian restaurant Gusto on the way to former Allora space on W 3rd looks promising.
the site is awesome - not sure if that was you alone or collaborative. Either way, props.
Last health class with carbone ever tomorrow <l3 gonna cry
no my schedule did. i'm still calling him to set up everything. no worry!
*raises hand* me!
Ratatouille. The dish, not the movie.
It's gonna be a
Thank u bank teller lady 4 wearing a low cut blouse today. And a special Thank u 2 the person who built the counter @ just the right height.
No worries. Love the show. You guys do a great job.
WHAT?! TLeds never gotten hyphy in the bay? We love it so far. Great hood, met some good peeps, & weather beats the ish outta WA
Girls jus wanna have fun;-).....
If you were a secret how long could you keep it...
We can't wait either, thanks for the enthusiasm. Have you seen #AlvinAiley here before?
“ Gemini is not an emotional being. They thinks from their head and not heart.” <<< which sucks at times
Greg Looked At Me Like His Father Was Ike Turner..Lol-
Ah I'm no longer a teenager 😁😳 Who poppin shit tonite?!!! Hold up Lol lemme 👉💺
Learn how to play nba jam first!!!! Pow!! RT Wanna learn how to play an instrument and incorporate it into my music
LMAO She look so scared.... poor baby hahahaha
Great!!! I'm a director, writer, & producer with projects coming. I plan to screen them at Universal Studios Citywalk 19. -Thanks Shane
"There once was a girl from Nantucket..." Wait, that's not a haiku. Shit. Nevermind.
RT : Worldwide, we have about 3.5 Billion video views per month ~Caraeff of VEVO <exciting stuff
The 2080s seem to come from contributor "AVERY", but some ppl were born in the 1800s, so... vampires. ;) I'll scrub it and carry on.
I miss you (:
What do you think the new wave of music will be?
RT IM BOUT TO DROP A NEW SHIRT #STOP DICK RIDING
Iam ready to wet __________up. I need to______ before i __________all over myself!!!!!!! Who can help?
i just want to go on an adventure
Oh iPhone virtual keyboard, how thou dost sucketh in thy name of elegance. How thou dost tryeth my patience.
I'll make you happy Gilmore and then you can hit some white trash guy again and piss him off haha
Hell-o from Csh Mob Tucson
the cbj fan on your bio sealed the deal!
The B2B Well team gave honey to the judges. Sweet!
“: Thankful to ”
You know the world is unfair when Sick Of It All are still a band but Fugazi won't play a show.
The cable guy was looking at my titties. MEN!! Smh
Kings are winning the cup... #callin it
I really liked the exclusivity of the iPhone-only instagram. I DON'T FEEL SPECIAL ANYMORE. 😭😱👽👿
meeeh :( does that mean I can't watch it?
Salt and pepper are not opposites! I don't like this world, which doesn't mean I would in Opposite World, although I might...
So thats how it works then will try that next time. lol
DD will have 5 receptions on Monday in a huge Packers blowout win!!!
thanks Husky!
good morning twitter.. whats good in your hood????
How many bees do you need in a bee choir ?A humdred !
. live tweeting their Tax Centers results for the year. They never stop amazing us!
Dope! RT : going to my sisters brockport graduation as we speak :p haha
stop mocking me!
yes! If anyone should be given free birth control it is the cast of Jersey Shore.
Thanks!! I also have the z-finder, a follow focus and the dt454 for audio. What about you? Any video online I can see?
It's been 4 1/2 years since I was a cop and my hand writing is still in ALL CAPS about half the time
that's a pleasant surprise!
I'm so glad to hear that! Everyone I've talked to says it's wonderful. So I'm trying nog to be nervous about the surgery.
yes I still watch cartoon and yes I still get excited when I get the prize in the cereal box. suck it.
Team no panties huh.. Lol ;)
don't we always lol
how am i even up rightnow
glad u had fun, u guys were all amazing! Highlight of the show 
says just cause i'm lookin' at ya doesn't mean i'm listenin'
H-Town on Friday :) time to cop new clothes at the galleria
“: Name a better defender than Aaron Craft at point guard spot the last 10 years in college ball ?” Toney Douglas
UK WANTS exposure in Indy market for recruiting and Tom Crean and Fred Glass don't want them to have that exposure.
It's better to have a good house and wear hand me downs then to wear Louis Vuitton and live in a trailer park.
Now criminals are using rear end fender benders as a way to rob drivers. What will people think of next?
alright ... when you get back ?
Agreed. Never made sense to me, either.
I'm scared one day is gonna tackle me if I piss him off which I will I always do :D
Tucsan Inn San Francisco is undergoing renovation which will commence from today until 30 April 2012
Looking forward to seeing you at #GOA2012 !
Soo excited to see The Hunger Games today!!!!!! =D
What makes ppl think I wanna just be chillin in college for longer than I have to. I need to take a summer class.
hey..... you gotta work Saturday?
just another way of saying having a monday on tuesday that's it partner. At my age all days are the same (#:-) whatdayisit)
I hate mosquito bites on the nuts
are you playing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
thanks big sis your the best!!! Could do without you 2012 let's go!!!
oh yea!!!!! koolieo we da same age!!! lol :D
Colony Endeavor BMX Freestyle bike white 2075 2008 - bmx bikes for sale cheap
Wonder when I'll let myself back into the wild again.
I don't think I could RP on twitter they don't let you say enough lol
Shout out for
Thanks,your so nice 2!
What are YOU doing for New Years Eve this year?
and so what?
#Brewers... #Prince's HR traveled at a speed of 119.2 MPH. The fastest of any HR hit in 2011 season! (Thanks bill micheals for the info)
That looks eating a Mandelbrot set.
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
hahaha your punching comment made me lol so hard that milk just totes dripped outta my nose! Gross! :-)
watching t.v...how are you/?
Are you getting a Voltaggio Google doodle? (wow, try saying that 5 times fast...)
- THANK YOU!!
Someone like you cover!! It was amazing and still is!!:D
I can understand. I truly appreciate your help though.
Thanks for the love! YaY Area Baby! RT Bay Area representin!! Love u guys! =)
First practice w/The Roxy Suicide sounded great, real tight immediately. Easy, though, when learning a buncha Ramones songs....
2nd RT : Everytime I go to the #HHAwards I have so much DC pride and wonder how I could ever leave this town.
I'm not saying this to be crass...but I think I just saw...an androgynous drunk retarded person. Smoking. Stumbling. Grinning. Shocking.
BWAHAHAHAHAH OK SOUNDS GOOD BRO~WHATEVER YOU THINK, YOUR ENTITLED TO YOUR WRONG OPINION~57M FLOAT, MOVES ON AIR
success in your exams you guys...
Fuck you and your mom, and your grandma too!
stomach flu good for the cause!
Just got that call I been waiting for...
I wish I had the power to ignore you, like you ignore me.
is buying drinks for people now right now come by and get on the radio
Thanks for the Shout out! RT Looking to scout the Chiefs ...Follow for more !
ya know i see a lot of envious tweets from you. Why worry about other ppl's negativity when there is so much more positive?
OMG. at first i thought tht was hayley's icon and i almost died. but then it wasnt :p
has totally pegged me as a topophiliac with a bad case of cartacacoethes and an enormous mappetite. gee thanks ken.
October 19th, Paranormal Activity 4. Must see.
yay you won and got the ice chest!
oh man!!!! Your're killing me making me choose. Lithium, Come as you are...and about a girl. Final answer. :)
It sucks to know can't notice you as easily as before. <|3
Tomorrow don't miss One Sweet Burgh (Dave Matthews Tribute Band) only at the Hard Rock Cafe! 10PM show
Overheard a dude at a coffee shop talking to his pal, both trying to figure out what town UC-Davis is in..."I think it's in Chico". sigh.
O: ur really pretty.
Can it be game time already?
Im too old for this
We're at Stephan Stoyanov Gallery until 8pm! Join us: 29 Orchard St.
I just really really like acoustic songs.
“: im still an egg....help!” would you rather be a piece of bacon??
I'm Inspired By People Who Goals Inspire Me
The Cold Light of Day, review: Tim Robey is appalled by this amateurish thriller starring Bruce Willis and Sigou..
heading north to run a training and meet the inaugural class and advisory board.
Hope everyone has a speedy hump day! :) “Sure, luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck.” ---Don Shula
that's fkn funny!
...And learned that one can get a great martini in West Lafayette....
In Hortonville for the night. Which means it's time to eat as much food and do as much homework as humanly possibly.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
jilevin Thanks for following...
Coffee overload... made my drink wrong, so they remade it and gave me both.
Congratulations!!! And the crowd rejoices!
Back tumbling > Front tumbling. I HATE FRONT TUMBLING.
I'd invest in that :)
hooray, qwikster is gone. #netflix all-in-one (with raised prices intact) back. I guess I'm happy, for my queue's sake.
MLB season. Must... resist... U-verse upgrade...Ah!!!!
just saw you are also a fan of Brother
Then who told Tami Kesha said shit about her? Its like you like to play both sides and instigate stuff.
14 minutes and counting...
Merry Christmas to all.
I finished drivers ed!
"Where you invest your Love you invest your life!"
We're presenting at the main stage on Monday at Noon about the launch of RepeatReceipt!! There will be free lunch as well!
I'll whip his ass. He ain't writin' no more!!!
we usually need coffee to stay awake and alert! You should have given up ALL ALCOHOL......
that assumes that there's a restaurant that makes great salads that's open at odd hours
Whoa! Watch out world. Whatcha reading this week?
good morning<3
Who joined in Boston's #walkforhunger on this gorgeous day? Share your stories with us, and thank YOU!
Hi! Glad we are tweety friends now
Merry Christmas eve! BEAUTIFUL day in Milwaukee! Sunny skies are the best gift I could ask for:)
Usher-Daddy's Home ;) <3
I believe this will be Byham's year. Will help the 49ers be a better red zone team.
You just reminded me to eat. LOL Thanks!
haha. you're funny
there's this guy and it's the second time I saw him there but I can't look at him, he's way too hot and I'm still not
Had a typo on the other tweet I did.
Oh, another great week. Bring it, Monday!
can u please follow i need followera n give me a shoutout if itss possible
I put a link at the bottom of my blog to your site, I think a lot of my followers would like checking your blog out as well
Sunday, January 9 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Jeannie Deva | Celebrity Vocal Coach | www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
#SDUSD currently has no plan at all to pay for those cuts, prolly adding to the overall sense of panic.
Caviar is an amazing thing. Expensive one, though!
BELIEBERS RUN THE WORLD? Correction : MAHOMIES RUN THE WORLD
Have an appointment to cut off all my hair. Can't wait. Thanks for the pep talk a couple weeks back Farah.
Why dont you guys ever report on what is really going on in the world? Doesn't that bother you??
We're looking for publishers/authors interested in experimenting w/our reading game to promote their book. @ me if interested.
I'm playing.
you need to Orlando to your tour.
Awesome profile pic!
Happy birthday!(:
Where you at?
Misses family already
Duff Said to Struggle to Raise Money for Massif Fund
I know it. I won't go down without a fight!
I know! I wanna bring him home and snuggle him but I think he's a free spirit.
Yes! That would be SUPER cool!
lol look dem big o' melons in urs thoooo!
enjoying my city without me! :)
#GOP VOTERS support & "IMMORAL BUDGET"(declard by Catholic Bishops)denying healthcare 2 WOMEN&education 2 STUDENTS
very nice:)
How many Jalisco burrito's can you eat?
Dear Denver, You're welcome. With regret, Indianapolis
Folate in spinach is important for building & maintaining healthy cells, especially healthy red blood cells needed for heart health.
dr kevorkian's tiny miracles club
It would be weird to never want to watch something a person considers to be one of the best movies of all time more than once.
: That's alright. Stuff like that comes w/ the job. And it's my job to always think about the bottom line. It's not the best job.
Beyond annoyed...😡
I'm going to be up late again :(
Wonderful! Best of luck!
Thank you I appreciate it...
I have the most beautiful, wonderful, gorgeous, amazing, hot suga momma on the planet.
Join us for #HappyHour Monday through Friday (5.30pm to 6.30pm) Includes free Mac & Cheese OR Pizza with any cocktail at the bar.
Thanks for a very informative speech last eve at the Denver Country Club! Glad to be on the same page!
oh I read all the time :) Reading is the new cooking
CONGRATS! RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today...how exciting!! Thanks everyone for following. xx
so excited to stay next week for #techmunch and see what the hotel has for local food!
Thank u!! RT : catchy stuff dude. <3
I Would Stay Up All Night To Text You…<3
Hi there NotRegret
wish I was old enough to just pack my shit and leave
Did you enjoy yourselves at the event today (The Mesa Annual Transfer Fair)? It was a rainy day in #SanDiego today!
has to stop being so delusional O_o! Stop it woman!
