WHO HAS A BLOG SITE FOR THEHIPHOP LOVERS IN MY TIMELINE
someone be the best'es of friend && bring me some food ughh im having a very lonely #thanksgiving no #family grrrr :((
oh&h thank u love u 2 :)
almost had to whip out a line like that on my date last night just to get out of there
In playing piano, there are two basic types of touches on the keys. (cont.)
Whatcha' doing this weekend?
the situation in the #sudans need to be given urgent attention lest it degenerates into a full blown chaos.
RT : Why is Facebook going public?
900th tweet; dedicated to you'll be 15 tomorrow (11/11/11) and you're going through some tough stuff, it's ok I love you! :)
Fantastic shots, man. What are you shooting with now? (probably bodies/lenses I can't afford haha)
Sitting right across the aisle from Kevin spacey!
Thanks! Have a great dayt too!
agree he needs to expand his def. of innovation 2 include social patterns, but think he has a point about other stuff.
Guess well my friend! No matter what stall you get, you can't go wrong at Sonic
Helena beat - foster the people
major work will be done this month!
#Yankees won last night. Now let's win again today to get a winning streak going
It's my dream to have been a part of #Studio54 | You are so effin' lucky!
I left my headphones at house ..!
what up g, been a long time
Finally found a decent teriyaki spot on the Eastside! Fuji teriyaki in crossroads for the win!!! :)
the screen on my phone is officially dead :( #phoneless RIP iPhone </3
Braun is the 4th player in #Brewers history to have 100 HR & 100 steals. Joining Yount, Molitor and Weeks. trivia Sunday.
I JUST SOLD A FREE CUP OF COFFEE!!!
I won't say the praise this season on #AmericanIdol is excessive, but I hope this standing ovation for proper mic stand technique ends soon
I will hands-down marry this Asian nurse that feeds me every night I see her. God bless her.
"right boot"
Squirrel on cocaine .. Ahaha
It feels so good outside!
Q why when u in the car or around a female in your phone rings She look at it with u like her phone ringing Smh
Good day all around.
My belt holds up my pants and my pants have belt loops that hold up the belt. What the fuck's going on down there? Who is the real hero?
If I were you I would sign up for Orbitz and list Pittsburgh as the city. Orbitz will email you specials they have for that city.
yeah which made it nice watching games. laptop is a tad smaller. not as convinient
I'm convinced Burger King's sole purpose is kill it's customers. One burger at a time.
i know! bummer. oh well, on to the next villa...lol.
thats whats up.. yo my cuszo is a producer as well he is currently working with dame dash lol so he say lol naw he is.
look it up
yeah, that'll be my last option. lol ben worked there and he said he hated it. lol
Ty Lawson is playing out of his mind.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Edge Limited for a new car!
Magic Johnson only uses two syllables, albeit the wrong two, "af-lete."
Thanks for the RT!!
Just down there 2 sell tix. Didn't go in the park.
Grilled chicken & vegetable kabobs on Emily's rooftop. Friday potluck dinner with the ladies! Perfect night since my man is in Nebraska.
Duly noted. Sadly, crazy celebrity status is not the only thing that makes a sub-optimal mate.
Can't wait to see twitter explode with fire Cashman tweets lol. Silly rabbits.
Great job this morning. You nailed it!
Is it possible to get daily reports on my home energy use in Charlottesville (smartgrid)?
Signature Worldwide Takes Corporate Training to New Level with World Class Team
Hope nobody wanted to use the network today. Downloading The Witcher 2 enhanced edition update.
thought his concert in IL was big, just wait until he is performing at a sold out Times Square :)
Late nights
Just got tickets to see Jennifer Egan speak at Benaroya Hall. Can't wait!
feel the need to tell someone something w/o them knowing? we'll do u the favor just DM us the account & the anonymous message (:
Dayum Prime is going to make me cry talking about growing up without a father...
Your soo right...love ya demi you rock!!! i love your spirit <3 :)
Half way done with radiation. 3 left weeks to go. My skin is red & hurts a little. Hopefully the lanolin will keep it ok.
Oh My Bad
Shattered back windshield of my bbf van...oh my!!!
I feel the exact opposite...
I DON'T THINK WE'RE IN FRANKSVILLE ANYMORE.When you want to smoke indoors and join a farm cult, we shall move there.
Merry X-Mas to all!!!
Rex Ryan is definitely going to eat his feelings tonight Nom Nom Nom
What? I'm confused lol.
lol why you can't neva take me serious
Aw, thanks, you're a sweetheart. And yes, American Movie is a great film (this is Hobart, Grace doesn't care about movies).
Bout to start drinking.... smh
shut up, mawressssssaaaaa I wuv you and your booty poppin self 
good morning
I can get you in touch with Luke if you like. He'd love to hear from ya.
We rode bikes as far as we could back into the marsh, then tromped in on foot from there. Very primitive Florida hiking. Gators everywhere!
Get down to tonight!! will be here filling in for while he's out in California. Should be a fun night!
That kid can produce.
a 260lb. figure skater *smdh* never happen love ;)
FREE PINK BERRY Thursday 6-10 pm at location !!
#Plesk version upgrade required by my host. Now server can't run #MovableType or any cgi scripts. May need to hire help to fix.
I cannot tell you any more than to advise you that your children cannot eat egg cartons and they are not worth the 3 cents. [1944]
#10ThingsIWantToHappen 1-10= A New President X 10 VOTE HIM OUT IN NOVEMBER!
hey whats up love
Graduating college is like retirement: you live off checks from the mailbox for a while and think you are wiser than the general public
Most Def! Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
what makes #coworking better? #massages. great day to be a 'Spacer!
But he's the right personality to be doing this. Good for the game. Wish Harrison did media too.
RT - Plaxico Burress did not practice because of a swollen elbow, but he and the team expect him to play Sunday against...
the "pop someone's cherry" comment on Myspace.
Looks like #Pujols didn't love St. Louis as much as St. Louis loved
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Easter Island Barbie ...the famous statue with blonde hair
Some crazy, old, toothless lady almost murdered me on the Max. Then she asked if my friend's dad was my boyfriend. #FunStuff -__-
Hey Philly! What are we doing today??
Ugh these people can really be annoying sometimes. Stay away from me please. Not interested,
dude this is so awesome! Great job!
Yes! Dearly miss the smell of Chlorine at VCU's fancy new pool (salt water cleaning system).
I'll try
If You Let Me Heress What Ill Do Ill Take Care Of Youu <3
Practice tonight at 6. Only 3 weeks until we actually get to hit another team.
we have a beautiful copy of The Beatles 1964 Christmas greeting on postcard/vinyl It's brilliant!
Our Death to Dollars and Day of the Dead Community Altars Exhibitions open this Friday, Oct. 7! The exhibitions run until Nov. 13.
fair enough!
Isn't that suppose to be good cx?
Watching Red Riding Hood with the little sister! Hopefully its a good movie:)
One of my favorite things about living alone...drinking straight from the carton!
Don't care what mood I'm in country music always makes it better.
to dude thx for the follow. Need to catch up sometime.
We sure do too. RT : RT : You know what else is funny. These damn Chicagoans. I love my ppl.
couldn't even see it the last time we went drinking together! You done good girl!
Ok Ms A&R lol, Im good, None myself
Wait, lemme check ... yep, still depressed.
stoked about the shirts Paul from terroir sent us. super awesome guy. thanks!
dm me your number ill let you know might be in LA this weekend
Thank you Big Daddy!
Check out the music from this Marine! www.mikecorrado.com and follow ! Think he should be an OSO Artist?
Hawk sighting on the way to Madison. We must be in for a good one!
Good Action on our Poll (Please RT) - What team will Carmelo Anthony be playing for this season? Nuggets, Knicks, Magic or other?
I dont want to get out of bed...
We're proud to be Californian! RT : California, New York, and Florida lead the United States in wine consumption
I'm coming! : I'll be at Figueroa Produce tonight to get my grocery shopping on! Vegan peeps - join me!
Wow. Thought I had a conference call today but is really a week and a Hal from now. Guess I'm really on top of my schedule. Lol.
NEW VIDEO ALERT: "Dripp'N" Wealth ft. Pistol & Digaveli Droppin this Evening!!!
I hate when white folks stare at me until they figure out my gender....
The third episode for me was the most dramatic. The other two though I found very funny in an uncomfortable way
Another bright and early Tuesday! The library will be opening at 6:30 am today.
P.S. Just to verify, I'm not depressed or anything, just under the weather. Not happy pills, just pills to make this cold go away...
Despite the name, has good vegan salads (lentil and quinoa). However, I couldn't find a recycling bin!!
i love Justin Bieber i hope to meet him one day. (;
That's right! I just fist pumped for my free pizza, LOL!
You can taste this sort of endangered tang.
buck are we go hear some tracks off RP when we sone with the videos for pil2? Can't wait for that Black Vodka remix
Tipping Point for Housing - Barron's
This all seems oh so familiar
I'm ready for baseball season...
made your tomato basil sauce for dinner tonight! SO EASY!!! Thanks! family is going to love it after soccer practice and work
#masonreese look him up.
one thing about havin short hair is that u gotta keep it done
you're welcome. -radio
Mane I wish we had NBA TV in this damn house
It always seems impossible until its done ~ Nelson Mandela
Alcohol + tweezers = ow the next day
Miami Vice. The new one w Colin F & Jamie F
Flo is such an unfortunate name to give your daughter.
Thank you for the mention and #WW back at you
1 of our clients is amongst OWS protesters. Boss goes, "he better not get himself arrested, he starts rehearsals tomorrow!" LOL. Priorities.
Let's play 'can you spot the historians' on flight to Milwaukee.
rice cookers? would love your thoughts on the one i link to at www.susanefine.com -- and some t-giving tales, too!
speaking for the Christian Women's Small Business Association this morning at 11:15. Join us at the Learning RX in Stone Oak.
We should really live nearer to each other. Move here! ;)
is anyone gonna be there tonight?
Waiting for my flight w/college kids heading somewhere warm for spring break. I miss the days I didn't have to work for a living.
I am so sad when white folks deliberately turn a blind eye to their racist actions. Especially when they present as anti-racist.
It's all about the music, stupid!
I don't know why the sky is blue. Its just blue. I don't know why I love you. I just do.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Hey! We hit 1500 followers! Thanks, everybody. I'm touched! *sniffle* Thanks for making Key's Foshay your breakfast destination and friend!
Adding the wife's #HP EliteBook work laptop to our home network. Good lord, what a boat anchor.
follow her people she follows back :)
YES! I will admit to having a very large crush on him as Aremis. Before he had tiger blood
"Chloe in the afternoon" baby
I've been doing work at StarBucks for 6 hours.. time to go home and get some food!!
Who makes THE BEST cookies in Richmond?
totally. My upstairs neighbor's daughter and her whole family are homeless from that fire. But they are still alive...
happy may to you too!(:
I appreciate your tweets.
LOL! RT : Listen post-office worker, YOU CHOSE YOUR PROFESSION. Treat me like a human or I'll blow this bitch up. For gov't p ...
me to
that's the plan. I gotta come because I missed the last show :(, plus I miss ya crazy ass! :)
Ms.Sasser came up to me and gave me a hug...she knew ive been crying, and she already knew the reason RememberTrust
It went great! (I'm going to email you soon to discuss this years event)
Bball short and a polo tee, im comfy.
Struggles in LA: 9500 out of 35000 teachers laid off. Adult, 4K and elem arts cut.
Tom Izzo in statement: "I’m almost embarrassed by some of the acts of support, but I’m certainly touched... My heart was always at MSU."
what a neat idea!! you're so sweet to think of my Stems :)
you tell me. I'm bored af
a lot of things like what??
its a little cold for that guy!!! even though i know u dont care
wow ok
follow me my man
Major Problems Bitch. You Did'nt Now.Its Problems Bitch
bring yo azz down to tonite free Malibu RED tasting tonight!!! Get ur free tasting & it's free cover to get it so why not come!
I really think I need a nap. Don't know if I'm getting sick or just didn't sleep that well, but I'm running slow right now.
I say again, with emphasis, YELLOW TEAM SUCKS!
VIA is following the #socialgood summit again today! Get ready for some great retweets about how social media can facilitate social change!
If I only had a $1 for every furniture rental and/or tenting company truck in downtown Indy today.
When it's dark, God has us in the rock's cleft, covered us with His hand. Dark may be the holiest ground: God's passing by.
it's such a fabulous color! Nothing like it;)
Thanks!!! Please let me know if there is anything I can help with!
we need to take more pics lol
Dunno what to do, so ima smile and juss do it (;.
Take Me out to the Ball Game. SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://n-xbl.com.
come to my farm stand in front of the bull and I will believe you. :-)
MAYBE I CAN SING AT THE WEDDING IF IM INVITED...NO I DONT WANT HER TO GET DIVORCED BECAUSE I SERENADE HER WITH MY LUTHA LOL! JUST KIDDN
Thanks for the shout out, &
That's it! LOVED them!!!! Think it's time to bring those back :)
If you've never won the lottery, does that mean you should play it more b/c you're due, or not play b/c you never win?
Nice fish - how si everything? I hope all is good. I ran into a guys said he meet you at the classic. did you see Brandon?
bahaha it wasn't that funny
Can't belive winter vaca is over sighs... school tomorrow :/
good to know.
i bet jessica's gonna win because j.lo had to save her ass. i honestly dont like jessica, but bugfdbsuigdf. IKR.
I don't care about spoilers. I often read em' ahead of time. I still don't get the effect of something til I see it.
Thanks. Will try!
Thanks to + for making #SportingKC Postgame happen today.
#HookMeUp with some medicine please...
hi hun how are you?
It's been pretty unproductive so far. Need to get crackin' so I don't have to work over the weekend :) How's yours going?
I have a space heater ;)
JaNasia is watching a old movie from 1961 Raisin n the Sun!!!
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8. Sneak categories: Recent News. Leaps and Years. Pop Culture Math. Films from '82 '92 '02.
there's a woman.,,,
"On Some Subversive Beast Shit" should be the name of a band that writes songs based on 's tweets
GAHHHHHH my instagram unfollowed you for NO reason and it won't let me follow you again😞🔫
I am sorry. I don't like the phone app and I don't have a computer :(
Good luck. I hope u make it.
What's up Twitter big dream loves ur follows CBS here we come
Live in Madison, work in the 3rd ward. Awesome commute. RT : I thought you were in Madison?
Yes, because we all know, if SoS accidentally retweets some revTard - that will insure the whole damn zionist plan will work. :P
ill do a photofoot shoot tomm just for that trend lol
TONIGHT! come check us out at REI in Bridgeport, look for the info classroom. Meet some of our team members and see our awesome promo vid
"People don't change, they grow." - Hanna Marin
-- I don't know. I'm not the one getting trade offers for Marcum.
I just thought the same thing! I'm ordering out tonight to preserve the shine for one more day!
Happy National Arts and Humanities Month
aye. i love you.
Sometimes it rains, sometimes it pours, Relationships would stay if it wasent for whores.
Born misfit!Could not fit in the European culture and neither I can in the North American! I
You're welcome!
scream at me..I need a favor
always look on the bright side of life. cc:
Hey everybody!!!! It's Friday
Omg this woman just walked into the window cuz she thought it was the door. LOLOLOLOLOL
thanks man!
You can't blame someone for walking away if you didn't do anything to make them stay .
#attackwatch I thumbed downed Mr Prez for oking forgiveness to Vick for what he did to those dogs. Guess I'll turn myself in now.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever
I ain't got shit to do tomorrow so I'm up all night
Seeing your text in the morning cheered up my day >.< Knowing that i was in your mind even for a second made me HAPPY (^>.<^)
Q2: Students learn to listen and dialogue. They also learn to prioritize and share.
BenGrubin is presenting morning session on virtualization, the cloud and your network.
I wish I could play the music I wanted to at work.
Thanks for the shout out! We LOVE happy customer stories! Thanks for choosing Dell. LM
Thanks for the follow! We have you on our radar now, too. Tweet!
Excited to open for tonight at LMU!
I have one on my desk right next to me ha
combo of half empty floor and hundreds of people on line to get on floor is deeply lame
Cool, I would love to meet an Olympic Gold Champ. Can you give a hint where in Miami?
I have 826 Followers!! my fav. 3 numbers combined just bkuz of my birthday!!=D lol....
Hey looks like it's no sleep for the both of us! Except mine is because I'm sick and can't breath. :/
Thank you to all who contributed toys for the children we serve at our Laboure Clinic. Santa Claus is coming to town!
Thanks Tim, really appreciate that, good times in Seattle.
Tweet this SIG event still having repercussions in twitterland. Learned a lot yesterday See
guys just don't understand
Set #Pandora to #Erasure and I get the best collection of 80s music to work to. Looks to be a great summer here in #Vegas! Cheers to all!
cool :) make sure and let me know what you think!
yes they did after a short chase. Glad that POS got caught. He was a career criminal at only 23 yrs old. Crappy people suck!
photos, please?!!
#nytm No more questions, its time for drinks !
Yeah...I agree for quality/consistency. But isn't having locals part of regulation to keep both sides legit?
Russell Westbrook is still a ninja turtle
I will kill you.
NOT looking forward to being up at 4:30 on a sat only to drive three hours to nacogdoches to pick my bro up...college boys do>> lol jk
Booking ads for the yearling preview issue of Hoof Beats with special rates for yearling ads.
Happy (Snowy in Boston) New Year!
Yes, sorry you wont make it. Hope everyone feels better.
met this girl she so funny. new friends as the bus stop.
are you home yet?
I love your app! I can't imagine reading website content any other way. A Chrome extension would be a nice. Thanks!
Im tweetin constantly on both of my accounts
happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you know AJ just gonna steal that money anyways... he's made a career of it..
Congrats! RT I am Speaking at Semantic Tech & Business Conference San Francisco - June 3-7, 2012
Have you tried locally made yet? This stuff is addictive! Love the sesame flavor.
My arm is on fire!
Totally agree - why wait? :)
My hair is so puffy today... have to go to work again at 7 -____- Time to relax!!
let's get retarded
I'm trying to right my wrongs, but it's crazy 'cause those same wrongs help me write my first song,
Monastery or residency, hard to tell sometimes.
How are you gonna feel when you get a team ripped from someone already
Family Rentals fans ALWAYS receive 10% off on their rentals. Give us a call!
I'm blown like a mf rite now dawg dis sugar honey ice tea just too crazy mane
there I was now here I am, changed
dudes need lots of room:)
you don't like me
Haha normally my phone can send 160 characters, but when i send a pic i can type up to 1000 #what?
We're pumped! The #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement is just a few hours away!
"The first thing I'm going to do is walk into DC...." Perry doesnt need to finish that sentence to scare me into moving.
Happy Monday, Twitterland! Hope you had an amazing weekend!
I am clutching my iPhone 4, crying hysterically!
Excited for the legendary Tom Dreesen's 5 pm show at the today!
Good morning twitter world!
; we were having a decent conversation about how you were.
Wrap my foot, take some pills & put my cleats on! #Footballprac.hereicome! (x
My heart ticks in beat with these kids that I grew up with.
I'll be home by tonight
MIAMI HEAT beat the KNICKS again!!! Win round 1....on to the next round......we are unstoppable!!! WTG HEAT!
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. ~Henry David Thoreau
SPURS UP 50-40 AT THE HALF
A trophy from my future wife Thank you! We made plans to wed months ago, serving tacos & fried rice you all are invited
“: it's shouldn't!! Lmao”so u must b saying I wasn't cool. That hurts too. But I'm over it now. :)
Luckily no bananas.
I should know this, but how do I link my Google Calendar with my phone?
haha my life
Passion is a way overused word, so is inspiration.
"I just want to wish every single one of you the best in life." whoa, bolt bus driver. Got intense there. But thanks!
17 lions and 18 tigers? Is there a problem?
I'm going to be onsite tomorrow. Go without me: I don't really eat pork. Sad but true.
I've already wiped my day clean this Friday because of NATO
Busted? The only thing busted is Miss Adams, the second grade art teacher over at Oak Ridge Elementary. I mean,
Try n go ham on me and I will hurt ur fuckin feelings and won't give a fuck
Edit Edit Edit that is my day and I love it
Good Morning!! I have an interview for my internship this morning...pray for me!!
one last tasty meal in nashville, with breakfast at the restaurant.
wow , that hurt . haa
what's your favorite RHCP song? Compiling playlist now...
Two of the broadest list collections are:
Devastating (but measured and gracious) critique of Grace Driscoll's reading of Esther. Thank you. Thank you.
definitely your drag name.
Is the Rice history department that weird for having so many people deeply concerned about/invested in both higher education AND sports?
YES PACKERS!
My God, I want a Snapple.
drunk people are so funny..
Killing the penny is a no brainer. I'd like to see the USA do the same, and kill the nickel and dime, too, for efficiency.
DMI Night Out in Cincinnati. Ready. Set. Go.
followed (: where in Florida do you live?
Buying a Bank owned property ? You'll need a contractor you can trust and who knows what they're doing.Call Mr.D's or check out our web site
that's great baby! I got mine off sophomore year in high school...did u got to church today?
but a ballerina bun says, "I've got my s#!t together."It's amazing what 5 more seconds can say :)
like sunshine yellow. They were awesome!
okay (; but yes we do! Me llevas al baile ehh (;
": I wish Boozer would just get injured & get it over with damn!!" lmao ! stop it CT
The bigger the trousers, the bigger the thigh ;)
Hell yes it was planned. These people are as brilliant and calculating as they are corrupt and reprehensible.
That awkward moment when you try and tell a joke but can't stop laughing then finally get it out and no one gets it
twitter fail, that was meant to go to
With all those damn kisses the Lombardy trophy is covered in carmax and chapstick. Thanks black folk, lol
I think the postal service would enjoy that! Miss you sis!
Prep 4 storm w GF peach lemon thyme pie w/streusel top, tomato jam from come on over 4 a bite b4 the rain
William Green Elementary, 1 of our partner sites, has earned the Title 1 Achievement Award! Thanks to our #volunteers at that site!
I'm sure I'm exaggerating. But I'm needy. Girls got needs too.
(AP) -- Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
No tickets to the game? Come hang with us. Beer and burger deals! Great company. Should be great game. See you here
"I still do every now and then..."
People these days.
Muahahahahahahaaa!!! OMGLMNOP!!! You know you love us for life!!
72 days left to go....
first ballot, moving the Seattle SuperSonics.
#BEhomesoon hahaha shes gonna get mad at you for talking to me hahah should be doing work haaha
Good night everybody! :DD
Looks like some thunderstorms will be rolling through the metro for the next couple of hours. ~ Jake
I will celebrate for a follow!
that won't last a week
Glad you liked the posts from last night's PSC hearings. So many gr8t ideas 2 help make #PDXPlan better.
Yeah, I saw that vid! Isn't that insane? I've been working on my Dub step...let's compare notes
Not even an attempt to block or commit a foul or anything
Tonight! Your IRF Comedy Crew will be bringing the funny in the YooHoo Room at at 11 PM. Tx/info at www.flapperscomedy.com
Sunday, a guy said "I'm SO tired of this #BuyLocal thing." (I was shocked) But then he said, "Buying Local should just be a given"
time to upgrade girl!! I love my iphone and I was a blackberry girl forever!
Just watched the vid on "Google Wave." Some very powerful features that will improve on collaboration schemas - here soon from the Googsters
Rock hall archivist dude has seriously dulcet voice.
by next year you'll be joining in saying triple digits don't start till 111 degrees :-)
Man If I could see you naked, I'd die happy Man Woman Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
Frown Cow Ice Cream Club #:(
Some ppl say Rawr means I lov u in dinosor I just think it means run Im gonna eat you =P
My House Ducked Off...But I Still Live...#Hood!!
So uh idk how ima play Football this year ....
discovering the wonder of ustream.com
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true
Oh bummer. Hope you find one that works. Does Twitterrific work?
Still got senioritus.
White girl had cakes;)
haha I bet your excited to graduate :p, I was last year but I went to pg
for sure thx as well
when I painted dodgers stadium on a ball, they had me do 5 redos b/c they wanted it to look beautiful- made me wonder...
am I missing you on FB???
Any idea of an easy web site creator ??
I have been truthful all along the way. The truth is more interesting, and if you tell the truth you never have to cover your tracks.
all is good. Working as a sub teacher in school right now. Will start NYU dental school in September. How are you?
WOW Adam Lambert has such an incredible voice- his new song Never Close Our Eyes is FIRE!!!!
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery. - Francis Bacon. What do you say? #art #artist #fine art
Thanks mami, your tweet just made my day!! I really appreciate your support :)
For the 1st time in his career Ryan Braun hits 3 homeruns in a game, and the 1st player to do it at Petco Park (which opened in '04.)
Jimmy can crack his corn. I am totally gonna eat mine. Smeared with butter and bathed in salt. Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market.
Scott Radezesky of #Deloitte: personalization will create the "firm of the future"
I didn't change B**** I grew up!
French parents to boycott homework: Children would be better off reading a book rather than doing tasks at home ..
The USA & developing nations are now experiencing an unparalleled rise in the incidence of chronic, aging-related degenerative diseases
Three hot stone massages done today - two of which were back to back. Whew! Who's massagin' me?
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time?
It's Martini Monday! All martini's $1 off! Now offering Happy Hour ALL NIGHT on Sunday's & Thursdays! Plan your week accordingly!
For #isles fans: how many times will Goring 1980 trade be mentioned on #tsn #tradecentre #SNtrade discussions?
Is #saturday the best day of the week? Or is #sunday better? What do you think?
Dark shadows
isn't that a dialogue in some Hindi movie?
damn, i don't know where he lives
best Monday ever
There was a dusting of snow when I went to bed and when I wake up there's six inches.
In the shower, I was trying to come up with a wry and sexual commentary on a body care product, and I dropped the soap mid-thought.
Cities should take lessons from #nascar about how to fix potholes quickly.
he's done
No fat, no sugar...No taste.
I'm super torn, but Prague is a shorter train ride. I don't know what to do with my hands.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions-have a great week!
DID, in Atlanta? 4 real
thank you!:)
Thanks! Good stuff for all.
lmao , over here watching comedy .
“: So many graduation parties yet so little time ! Ah #stressed” are you coming to mine? An are you having one?
i only got 2 pillows anyway, the other 3 dont have pillow cases
Scorsese might pull out an upset.
Ability, character, work ethic, injury history - just a few of Many traits valued more than intelligence by NFL teams.
Please follow me! <333333
Lil Wayne will be coming out with anew album in a couple of months
Romeo and Juliet is free on Cinemax OD....
yes you are right again.. how is it you can be right twice in one night!! you are awesome!!
Just come with me..? And I do too..
All those fairy tales are full of shit one more fucking love song I'll be sick.
That is true. x.x;; But my dread is clothes shopping. Size 18-20 is horror.
im in <3 with you!!!
It is a rare moment when I find myself rooting for red over blue - what is less rare is that my team is losing...
yeah but u got spits loc!
No, we don't have office supplies to give you at the library.
hahah that's good stuff.
I'm carrying a wee baby in my belly
Everyone needs someone... and that someone is your whole fucking family
Things we've done lately: Flash game; PHP/Oracle sweepstakes microsite; Rebranded a company; booth graphics. What can we do for you?
nice job mr dannenbring.
sweet! May have to try tweetcaster while playing my Telecaster;)
Vince Young just gave the ref an ass-pat. Nice job! Like a true pro
Thank you and congratulations to all those taking part in Amazing, beautiful people.
K-Rod for Youk. Who says no? RT MLB Trade Rumors: Could the Milwaukee Brewers Target Red Sox 1B Kevin Youkilis?
TIP: if your lush soaps ever break and you want to feel a tad like a compounder, put some wax paper in a container then add the pieces and-
": Today my parents have been married for 25 years. Happy Anniversary mom and dad!" aww congrats to ur parents
So I am late on uploaded pictures from Mescalero but I promise I'll upload them after work tomorrow! Hope you all had a great weekend!
wow wow wow..Your band kick the ass on youtube!!:) Nice job Britt!! Perfect!
Get over yourself. you turn in to such a dick.
hi chris❤
I've lost a lot of people... Lost average of 2 a year... A lot of my friends do drugs, have unsafe lifestyles.. it hurts.
Time to revisit Arizona ... because is getting married Saturday! Desert bound!
All things honest i've never mattered to anyone. #Imusedtoit but i also know im not liar.
haha. Atleast more than 2 innings! Haha. My leg still isn't healed all the way from gettin ran over by mike haha
Eating this ice >>>>
Oh man remind me to never ride a subway with , or Now go listen to (the podcast!).
and for the follows...Namaste and (SFX: SIZZLE)! :)
That is awesome news, Art! Please bring the ducks!
It's whiskey Friday?! Why did I not know this? :( RT : Happy
Go for a swim today!
You love that girl, you need that girl 👌 Don't you let her go
i don't know where he is but M
HES A SPECIAL yOUNG PLAYER
Ok, people. If you had to describe me in one word, what would it be? You don't have to be nice either, I'm looking for honesty!! Please ...
I did and thank yu
Me n my love bronco date night ... M hmm !!! Lets go Broncos!!!
The moms are coming to visit tomorrow! So excited!
Ap Lang I'm afraid well meet again in college /:
Mixing today and also heading home.
Love begins with a smile，grows with a kiss，ends with a tear.~~Good night~~❤❤❤~~
"Boom Boom" (a slick short) & MV "Fallen Angel" coming soon. "The Lookout" (feature) gearing up for prepro. Check out the website for more!
Baby's sleepin late... and I am writing!
Happy Mothers Day to the fiercest bitch I know, Momma Kostmoney $$$
Lol Get It Get It Haha
You have a horrible personality.
RAA's got a sweet new exhibit coming up in about a month. Installations involving 'light'-themes abound. more info on our artist coming soon
hey, hey, we're the monkees...
Matt and Sarah , Phil and Helen Smart - Thank you for your great work as our 2011 #MTIDreams co-chairs!
Your welcome :)
see! I'm not crazy. Lmao. They're like... Hypnotizing...
Hoes ain't supposed 2 b hittin joogs n a pimps car... That shit ain't nowhere in the pimp manual
Going to Great Wolf?
I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now
thank you moneka. thats why i like you.
I'm not going to lower my standards for anything.
Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter... Happy #Groundhogsday!
Fava beans and stone fruit at the farmers market. Summer's here!!!
I need to catch up on my Glee shows😔
thanks Judy the mention!xo
Nice!! You kids enjoy. Just got to Borgata, dinner res at 8, Greg's band at 11!
HES FLIRTING WITH GIRLS AND SHE'S SO PISSED
I'm good Fam, how are you doing? Still hooping right
Have a Green Day!
umm..everything ok? I hope that your day gets better :)
Orlando! Come out to Uncle Lou's for a solid Pop-Punk show with us, Slick 78, Arcadence, and Error 404! Check our FB page for more info!
Helping others is a good thing. It makes the world a better place to live.
thats to bad
Real men sit at the bar
EMTS and she was off to the Hospital...:/
for Rachel, she didnt like Rachels social game play which is apart of the game too not just comps
You really out there my nigga!
real talk RT : This "sending me WAV files with no ID3 tags" shit has got to stop right now, publicists.
I hate when I get irritated at home because I'm surrounded by negative people and it just makes it worse |:
Mike and I are joining our church "64 ways in 64 days" in solidarity during the season of peace and non violence. look it up and join us!
I see Time magazine is busy trying to make itself even less relevant. Looking forward to their vampire/alien baby cover soon.
Or both! Wine and salad would hit the spot. :)
I just turn the brightness down and I'm fine
I seriously hate school more than anything. Wish it would just burn down. And then when they rebuild it.. Have it burn down again.
I retract my last tweet. I'm open for business (retakes) Thursday... Before and after school.
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 3:17 PM using Waze - Drive Social
did a test reading with a potential new hire; apparently my aura is navy blue. just another day at the office.
#codeacross Code 4 America in Viz Center today building code 4 open-source software 4 cities and nation & world
hey there ! thannk you so muchh !, are you a big fan of them too ?? ! :)
I have the best boss
W.O.W. our pals are taking the world by storm! congrats buds xo
and these cats came to play. Kenny's on fire and the band is shaking the rafters!
It sounds a little like we can discuss
Comfort food on the menu today. Time to start cooking.
Yeah. I'ma go up there at 6:00 and we'll just ask what times the contest. I'm thinking around 10:00.
now following u back =)
NREL, "we're kind of popular". good one.
In 2010, a man was attacked for trying to help a woman who was being beaten. His attacker is getting off.
Being losers wiff
Aw, I just saw that you gave me one a month ago. Had no idea! Thanks :)
fuckin.awesome.week.
aww thanks sis..i love you
Since I can't listen to Barbra, I'm listening to Kate Bush instead. Night. x
Act as if you have already achieved your goal and it is yours
Loves cooking w fresh seasoning...even @ 11:00 @ night!
left the Wilson Building and walked in2 my fav folks: The Park Police fu**in with a black lady motorist.
Lost all my DMs RT :Installed upgrade for Nambu as they so politely asked me to, seeing some funky behavior now.
We don't ship it , we install it remotley , so you'll have it today , but you must pay my invoice for 80.00, as soon as you can
that would be right!
RT if I look underage
Exactly. The "bio" section of Twitter is actually a good way to practice coming up with an elevator speech
Oh shut up!!
ya, just moved up from sc....its NOT the same up here!!!
Was just wondering how the KISS/WBLS merge would impact No more NY?
yea I was supposed to get over the wknd but didn't get around to it
We renew our mind to look forward and not behind us. With that being said, have a blessed year!!!
hey guys thx for the follow! like your music, good stuff!
Gee whizbots, I haven't tweeted in ages!
We like our brass bands just like we like our bacon: extra crispy!!! Come check out Extra Crispy Brass Band tonight at UPTOWNER!!
That's not good:( How long ya been sick?
my house, Juan tabo and copper area.
"I don't understand math." -Everyone buying Mega Millions tickets
Watching/listening to the game last night was excruciating. The announcers couldn't stop talking about Harper and the losing Nats.
ahh totally missed that. Sarcasm and twitter don't always match up as well as I'd like to think they should. My bad.
S/O to this awesome guy 
I died too, and awww when I'm I going to see you and Jacky
Hip-Hop's leading ladies represented at the 2012 Met Gala event in New York City...
Grits,turkey bacon, Toast and cantaloupe..I love
Zane! How are you buddy?
Perfectly put, meg. RT Finally finally finally. Man, I love how snow is terrible for doing, yet awesome for being.
Pulling together some great examples of Community pages on company websites. Have one or suggestions? Love to see it & check it out!
I'm not trying to make a moral argument against smoking. I spend about that a day on coffee and chocolate.
Lob City vs Spurs. Style vs Substance. Bring it on!
awesome! Congrats!
Have a great New Year everyone!!
RT Tim Duncan #OldManStrength is awesome. (Yes it is, I can't wait 4 him, Ray Allen & D-Fish 2 hv a team @ the Y)
yes it was. ive seen kane before with almost the same type of mask.it looks just like him
So DRs in Jax send their patients to Hooters to lose weight? Is that also where they send them for ED?
all messed up, soo.. Yeah :P
Annie Hall or Midnight in Paris
bouut to get it in on protools
maybe a few...
The Lakers steal one tonight against the Blazers in Portland!. Thanks to a great game by Kobe & Ron Ron!
I love when that happens!!!!
Love when my gpa makes me breakfast! RT : Had the best breakfast ever thanks to grandpa!!!:)
I seriously can't believe he actually had the nerve to text me.lol I'm laughing inside.
It's a new year in Durham but I'll only be in it for a day...
he was dealing today. Impressive outing.
So the Pack might release Nick Collins? I hope if he plays again, he's not putting himself in serious risk. Amazing brief tenure in GB.
Watch TLC now to see our friend Mark Woods on "Extreme Couponing" as he buys items for military care packages!
Happy to see a Drupalista reading email in Pine at
Pop Lock and Drop It
thank god it's supposed to be nice the rest of the week
RT : Police looking for '09–'11 Silver Honda Civic with right side damage / missing a right side mirror involved in HIT & RUN
I'm surprise ain't talking shit today
Giving you a standing "O" from my living room! That was absolutely amazing! Woohoo!
Ha, you work in house! One look at that playground you call an office, and you'd be up to your eyeballs in resumes..
Shelia Jackson asks Ron Bennett: What should we do? Should we just close all the schools?
It's not even 6pm and today has been beyond amazing. Graduated from IU, had an amazing meal at Grazie and the won! Win-win-win!
smart girl!
What are ur likes and dislikes when it comes to opposite sex?
Thank goodness for the snooze button.
I WILL hit at least 3000 blog views before #Survivor comes back in the fall. Going to review past seasons of the show all summer long!
Wtf?! this girl ignorant
hahaaa ditto but we can have fun trying!
Tell Elon to get with the program. :)
; #thatawkwardmoment when you fall for your closest guy friend ..
My poor ribs..
LeBrick at the foul line tonight, with the pressure more finely focused in a close game.
OH: What's funny is that the most common things people post to Pinterest are skinny women and dessert.
Not a bad way to lose! (If you're a Celtics fan that is)
RT : I'm now dealing with my poor planning. What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings while on the airplane?
Thank you, Jenna! Will you be in Boston March 30th for our moving bash?
I was & am proud to have been raised by a strongly progressive, pro-choice, pro-equality mother!
I just can't get over you i can't get you off my mind as much as i try :( this fucken hurts :(
My condolences. :(
Hi Dana, have you ever read Isaac Asimov's foundation, or Zelazny's chronicles of amber?
Done with class now at the gym!! Itz gym time!hope everyone is having a great day! Happy training everyone!
Enjoy the wedding parties, you look a little like Kate. Let me know how it goes, have fun and cheers to you.
“ Ok all- RT : We are ready for Jersey Couture Season 3!!”
me too but i woke up w/a fright that it was monday and i was running late, so realizing it was actually sunday was a reprieve.
Heading to Baton Rouge for the SEC outdoor championships
The future looks bright.. RT "creativity is a renewable resource".....Biz Stone @ QCV Summit
Were you able to complete the download? Did you receive an error message? I had to call Apple cust service for help. Works now
": aye bro that Plies track go off. keep them hits coming Yo"===right on bro
Met irl at the conference. She is so nice! I felt like I was sort of a groupie meeting my favorite singer. :)
�Each of us has heaven and hell in him...� ? Oscar Wilde
I have a friend named Jerry.. It's hard to talk to him without laughing now a days..
If I ever see my ex again I'm going to tell him: "I can forgive everything...except you getting me hooked on watching Celebrity Apprentice."
Q: Why does Mike Tyson hate Playstations? A: Because he is an X-Boxer. :P
Congratulations!! I hear you on the e-mail overload, but keep that pride & celebration going!
yes -__- she tried to talk shit about my hair and what I had on yesterday to my sister friend yeah Bitch my sister told me.
i hate them nd i hope they go 2hell :@
I didn't say I miss you not because I'm afraid,it's because I know it wouldn't change anything
My mom got pregnant with me as a teen...She was 15...I dont judge girls who are having children as teens...I just send my love & prayers
Glad to hear it! See you there!
im just mad cuz u aint down, like you said u was and i fucked it up like u said i would but dont be tryna play me, in my kirko voice
yeah yr names take out the trash asshole
Your servers are down. What is up? Your tech support does not understand what that means.
Two 14 year old boys are in trouble for taking an SUV on a joyride. We'll go live to Cohasset at 11.
Jimmie earned it.......where did Jr finish? Its almost funny to hear that.
why you say that?
follow back
Taberna del Alabardero ’s Paella Sundays
im talking about K an G
Amen! RT : I don't know what I would do without music.
Its that time of Year Again, Summer Dress Code at Work I can wear Shorts NOW
please follow me!! I love you !!! U are TRULY AMAZING!!!!
good night I need to fall asleep before I fall out of this chair.
Hey Nicholas! Urban riding class sounds cool. We're making a huge push in Philly now! Direct MSG me
iPad is overall a better device, better battery, more apps and beautiful screen
Thanks for the retweets!
Don't talk to me just because we're the only kids in the classroom
There's an app for that?!?!?!
im sorry to hear about Angels mom, her family is in my prayers <333
and thanks for the follow:)
I feel your pain, man. It is sickening to watch our leaders sell out We the People. #supercongress my a***. Tax the rich, already!
little soft. Injured. Unlucky. Undisciplined. Especially in the secondary. W/ fast start, Wade - could leap this yr.
FYI, The Hunger Games was A-MAY-ZING. Definitely go see it. DEFINITELY.
"you were the best thing summer gave me."
that's all well and good, but hopefully the NFL doesn't investigate these rumors and fines them. That would blow.
ohh got you! I have like 5 full weeks ....... Except memorial weekend but UGHH
Hope you like some of those recommendations! I tried to give a variety! They all kept me going on my drive to SC! :)
hey I ran out of pills hook it up lol jp
So excited! I just booked my first voice over job for a major motion picture!!!!
RT : RT : God wants you to have a life filled with love, joy, peace and fulfillment.
My girls have a song on CougarTown tonight. That means yes, I actually watched it.
than gender role orientation alone, indicating the stronger association of gender role orientation to social self-efficacy.
check out for Maryland baseball info with head coach and md legend Bernie Walter
Everybodies cuz nobody picked them to win it all RT I wonder who bracket still on track since duke lost? Lol
Smh « Greys Anatomy you sure know how to make me feel ten different emotions at once. Love this show»
When nothing goes right... Go left
Y'alls #Scandal tweets won't let me be productive at all tomorrow. I have 2 episodes on DVR--moved it up to #1 on my ToDo list. Cant wait.
he suggested TinyChat - video.
first smile all day. Thank you.
Lmao hell naw you OD'd.. its not worst than that.
I know how that feels. The key to getting into it is consistency. Try to commit to just 0.5 mi, 3x a week. Then you'll get hooked.
Almost done with the review and looking forward to lunch with "Mr Mexico Leather" soon.
Haha! My friend at loves sandwiches from publix too!
i didn't even know u had a twitter fool lol! whaaddowwwn jaccc
I miss those shoes!
that'd ve pretty sweet. Amazons with the Artic's back.
RT - Seattle Mariners vs. Washington Nationals 7:05 PM
Per my #HealthyFoodie attempt: what is good (and maybe even good for you) at the Pepper Club in #Portland #Maine ?
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Perimenopause symptoms = dry skin, itching, high cholesterol, hardening of arteries, weakening of bones.
" I block him if he misbehaves..pretty simple. " <<-- That was your tweet.Looks like you had plenty of room to type.
you shuld come over friday
#scamalert: B reports malware-laden emails (subject line B SBQ) asking cos to partiicpate in a survey. Don't click the links!
Hey, No one has been answering you customer service line all day. What gives?
From now on I'm not going to take the things in my life for granted.
Sure i can be serious, but why?... really why? I guess i just don't have time for that.
I do! Come to Abq or LA when I'm there in a week and a half
I can teach sex ed, just need a cucumber and 8" diameter pvc pipe
one of the funniest shows on TV! Can't wait for next weeks episode. is awesome & wardrobe malfunction was hysterical
i need to walk away from this computer and stack of business cards i collected at #alamw12 to give my brain and fingers a rest. phew!
5am!! that is about when I go to sleep!! I hope you are truly done in 30 mins. you need to catch up on sleep. take care of you!
Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write “SAVE TREES” on them.
all of the good chemistry jokes ARGON
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. ~ Marcus Aurelius
nice morning in Virginia
My pleasure! :)
Worst headace of my life #ouchie<<<<<<
A painting that is well composed is half finished. Pierre Bonnard
And Tim Duncan is old
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever make it but there's only one way I'm gonna know.
Alright, this means you're buying, right? :)
Yes, it's worth the extra credit. Are you going?
I've been in that boat before... DD coffee is great! I could drink it all day.
Did you know that Mexic-Arte offers FREE admission during the month of December? Come check out our Mix n Mash boards and do some shopping!
we know you do(:
how did your sleep prayer work out?
Yes I am! Yay, I haven't seen you since our weekend with TAP!!
Sounding great. RT : About to co host with !!! First time for doing this! I'm excited! So if your in Nashville listen in!
that's too bad well here's hoping for the new DK and or Spidey.
I bet loved that one.
IMHO....Mine too Rick just a rational discussion to examine and expand my own thoughts.... not a twitter fight. :-)
RT - Miami Dolphins suck for Lock
the #Packers traded up to the st spot\
Isn't "God's will" what people usually say to explain bad things?
hilarious: Uecker, I hardly know her!
was he calling a strikeout or passing a kidney stone?
Why not a plane has a PARACHUTE -that can be opened at times of possible plane crash! Pls RT ! Please retweet this!
Chanel so goofy...
It is!
Thanks so much girl! :)
Show computer CD and get copy existed a decade ago and brought down MP3.com. Welcome to year 2000.
yes PEZ cherry flavored
wait til you see what i bring out next
When someone has an issue making ends meet they oft do not want to hear about how other people throw their money away...
Lakers game at south bar n Hollywood
if yuhh wanna know how i look..lol check my last tweet!(: <33
Went well, doing well! I have more and more though. What algebra are you taking?
Different strokes for different folks
I LOVE ALL OF U GUYS IM ALWAYS HERE IF U WANNA CHAT TI AMO
#68 is a big fat FISHY dork!!
go ducks homes
see...it's a good thing you tweet and save your minutes!
aha ok :p i was gonna bring yoga pants but i dunno aha, meet me in the choir room aha
that's a good question.
you too would be perfect!
My friends birthday was today!!!!!!!
just speaking my mind, propaganda is attempting to brainwash I'm just trying to get somebody to think for themselves
You can disable the "jumping to next cue" in the workspace preferences. Disable "playback position is always the selected cue"
Yay indeed. I will visit this week to get the key and to hear about the concert!
Then hit the sack I am still watching ga and trying to find a way to earn extra money
im obsessed with eminem<3 just thought id let you know .
Living 140 BPM's @ the moment. Drop da Bass.
should be some labor laws against that... This w/e is going to be great.
Sky, did you write "I HATE MY COUSIN"
'X' is the shape I drew through your face in permanent marker. Just like the mark you knew you were makin. <3
and super glue!
Cool that Jive apps let you update the activity stream
can you follow me back please???
let me get dressed .
It scares me that i have fb stalkers!
tomorrow is going to be such a great day! at the office now finishing up giveaway items!
we're a hip-hop group from Natomas. We have old promo music on our bandcamp and YouTube and new music coming in about 2 weeks
My Dear First Lady just keep the Pres happy and take care of those beautiful children.The First Family is loved and prayed 4.
You've gotta learn to make stuff up.
Follow us to one of d biggest #BlockParties in d country!! #Foxie105 !! Next sunday
#TVnext For Greg: What, if any, parallels do you see between advertising in gaming and advertising in social?
Every other tweet on the news feed is yours. Talk about excessive tweeting....
Brief (musical) romance with Carole King ending.
i'm approximately 87 years old.
Nothing cures a case of the Mondays like BBQ! We're open today from 11:00am til 9:00pm.
High School is nothing like the real world, it's basically you spending four years of your life around judgmental & hypocritical people
Hi everyone I'm back. Had a great journey.
Yes. Apparently he's a crazy lunatic who is potentialy facing a 10 yr sentence. According to TMZ.
Is it too early to be so excited for this weekend's Ravens game? Forget about Purple Friday -- we are having a Purple Week!
thank you MOM :-)!
EL OH EL. im still thinking about it . because its to much work :p
Go ahead and say you love me
you are one of my favorite older beliebers if I havent already told you. So genuine, sweet..and level headed all the time.
Revamping our page after our photo shoot! Much cleaner, product visuals and including the release of our new design! Get yo hype on!
Happy Thanksgiving! :)
I promise u if i get a hole of ha im not lettin go
a fine good morning to my tweeps!! the #centerofmyuniverse came back home late last night from her 4 day biz trip!! #YAY!!!
just wait for the next issue :)
Lefty When they send for you, you go in alive, you come out dead, and it's your best friend that does it.
- I'm co-anchoring with Jeff. Hope to see you at 4pm!
maybe I'd get you palms if I didn't have 2 papers to write
aww thanks! I loved being there!!!
So tired -__- school game tomorrow :)
wanna follow us & make that 10,000? (;
CEO Andre Durand will be a featured speaker at #eic12. We'll be exhibiting and of course a Ping Party. Come check us out!
You got to lick it, b4 yuh stick it
That was fun, but there's a lot of work to be done, and food to be eaten. Taking a break.
Gospel Fest concerts moving to bigger park - Chicago Sun-Times
i do to lol but its all good u got it
yea 2hrs later on my fne
"Proof of God is an ever-receding pocket of scientific ignorance." Neil DeGrasse Tyson
At this point I can play nothing but H&T Hitz at a kick back..
“: elements to heal. to heal is to stand upright. using this.”
YES.....NO MORE SNOW FOR MUCH LONGER!!!!!
Ads and Heat tied at 2 after 2.
Also, would I love titties more or less if I had been fed from one (or two) for years after I was cognizant of my surroundings?
Go Rado! Well done.
Lol caught U lacking g ! Hacked by ( :
Such a happy baby! The world needs happy babies lol!
Time for me to go to bed Now.. GN
#WorstChatUpLines How do you like your eggs in the morning? fertilized?
and yes Jesse please by all means edit whatever you need to if you choose to use my answer in NEHJ for May, heh
#wma2011 Who else is going to the Modern Architecture and Contemporary Art reception tonight?
Enjoy #FreeYoga this wknd at the new Bikram Yoga on Julia St. and on Sun. at 3:30 pm - B.Y.O. Mat
JO BROS
come to the library!
Hahaha that's what I'm saying xD
I look forward to it . Cheers!
Had a blast at the CAF Jazz Improvisation Competition! Got second place in my division and a people's choice award!
345: You're really pretty! Tweet me sometime(:
Why do girls think its necessary to post half naked pics of themselves?
thanks Obama. For wanting to raise the cost of our benefits His marine guards should show their appreciation with a pistolwhip
#HappyMothersDay to all the ladies out there who not only GIVE life but make LIFE worth living.
headed to #livingroomnightclub las olas flow
yes we shall!
Lmao the madness
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
Lobster hostilities lead to boat sinkings in Maine
Looking forward Commencement Sat. 4.28! Make sure to swing into the Community Tent 4 coffee,hot choc, & connect w/ alum volntrs!
Welcome to Twitter!
Your words mean a lot to me Nicoll. Thank u so much for the support. I pray it can stay close to your heart. Glad I could help
im goin to sleep
what songs should me and cover?
Fashion Faux Pas! Lisa Marie Owens Salon discusses the Bird Feather Craze www.southfloridaalerts.com
they said it was packed when they went in - guess it's good
Just keep swimming... just keep swimming...
Huge fan but personally the #XTS looks like a volvo or buick! Not interested, at least I drive an #XLR...waiting for #CIEL!
What I thought wiz would have won best new artist!!
Volley will help eliminate paper mail ! That's a savings for all of us! Learn more by calling us at 505-899-3104.
Forecast is 74 & sunny for tomorrow-time to play hooky. Mention this post at Grove on Thur & your first glass of wine on the patio is $2.
yes! Definitely want to take advantage of the GA & Cape properties. Using my points in Orlando for spring break this year!
you are a bitch!
Massage for $22 from Elements Therapeutic, only on www.crowdclick.com!
a W for you and the #Brewers, and a baby the day before = #staching Congrats!
Zynga's treasure isle stinks.
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming." John Wooden 1910-2010
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to Watch porn :*
lol many jokes similar to that were made!
#GOP has a "case of Ricketts"! You know what "RICKETTS" is: RICKETTS is whn YOU R SICK & WEAK & LOSE CONTROL of YOUR MIND!
oh Nah you good
Bored text me
lol u feel me
this nigga watches thee most random bum ass home made movies on netflix.... smh
nope, show tonight (Brass Rail) - tomorrow 5-10p =)
Dear Future Mistakes,/Please, stop laughing. - from Black Peculiar :: Energy Complex by Khadijah Queen
I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!
And i never found my ipod-___-
They did a great job. Fun to have them teach each other!
Okay, I'm going to hold you to that fam! Congrats on making it to the next round.
HA! We know each other from ATL days-when I was in bands. Nagging him for new biz for years!!
thanks for all your help with publicity.
Dude, I juss took like 8 minutes to make an account to vote 4 you. You better love me now. haha=)
Thanks for following! I've followed back!
Ha! Amen.
Essent Guaranty Vice Chairman to Discuss Future of Housing Finance and the ... - Sacramento Bee
love it. My Hunter rain boots were the best thing I packed for Coachella
Keep Pushin Bro!
When we drink, we do it right, gettin’ slizzard.
I been bullshittin like I dont have a final tomorrow...lemme go study forreal
Time to go be bored in español
Oh yeah new hair....It's red! Hope people like it :)
There is 0% chance you are straight
Just gave $ to defeat #Amendment1 in North Carolina! Billy Graham took out a full page ad against #LGBT families. Please help!
If you're reading this right now, congratulations! You're alive. If that's not something to smile about, I don't know what is!
:-):-) Hey love your songs all of them. ♥
haaha lmfao! i think tay was referring the green giraffe to a tree 0.o i'm not entirely sure..nor will i ever be for that matter
And the Cards are back on their game.
My brother is a Rush Limbaugh fan, huge fan, and how he's my brother, I cannot understand.
yes my friend Vijay reddy who worked for The Hindu joined this man. Now he regrets the loss of time very badly.
New name for a journal article in the works! "When Computers Were Amateurs: Hobbyist Computer Clubs in the 1960s and 1970s"
RT : Happy Veteran's Day! We'd like to thank all the brave veterans who help protect our country.
You will need a merchant account in addition to SagePay. Please email support - we can help you with any additional ?'s.
Engineering is the professional art of applying science to the optimum conversion of natural resources to the benefit of nature
": Dear #GIJoeRETALIATION fans.... get ready....." Looking forward to this Jon!
What is your email address?
taking little brother to airport, then im headed to miami
R u joking me wit this weather again...come on now!!!!
: at top right corner sign in...did you yet?
Online encyclopedias have really taken away the need for offline research.
Have left overs from all those holiday meals? It's time to throw them out and get back on your fitness goals now. Don't wait till 1/1/11.
[#RIT POLL] What are you going to be for Halloween?
After the first 15 days of #Movember I think I have successfully grown a 5 o'clock shadow...
seriously already....
NBA lockout is over!!! Now Christmas will be even sweeter, it'll be opening day of the NBA!
Fish Fry and Clam Chowder every Wednesday and Friday during Lent! $10 off bottles of wine!
Coming to the #Brentwood area for Violet Crown tomorrow? Stop by! We're having a designer sidewalk sale! 11a-5p Sat-Sun.
Ron Artest is gonna perform!
Recovery for big business, oil and gas, pharma, war, and minorities with open hands. #Elections2012 Take America Back
yes it does look
lmfao tell me the whole story!
So excited for 2 hours of #Glee tonight!!! Looking forward to Tina's warped view of the world where everyone is someone else!
...you can't throw and hit the base
Omg...horrible game today. Thank god our young inexperience defense saved our asses.
Spent the weekend learning color grading software. Long way to go.
Saw a number of good/decent players at today's City Cup tournament. Now to convince them that playing collegiately matters.
ok #Packers pick makes sense, all the prime DLs are off the board except for Upshaw, and he might slide to them in the 2nd
Eric Holder said so, and he never lies RT : But, but, but... there's no such thing as voter fraud!
what happened to UK not making any fouls at the end of the game? Signature win for coach Crean!!!
I agree
do you think that the 5 starters that has this year could competitively play with some NBA teams???
hope u get to feeling better
I think they're wrapped!
You just kinda gotta live with it and learn from it. u'll have no problem finding another guy. Just give it time
Then a dude like me barges in and stops right in front of you. Yes, you. (not me, though I never do that, I swear).
it's at the s. Street seaport. Off wall street. There is an independent ikea ferry.
lol I'm sorry for ya but what u studying?
Ley do it! RT : RT : Have been told to expect Demar Dorsey to play at Hawaii this season. Former 4/5* Mich commit
They say the best part of a stripper ran down the side of her mothers leg...
. This will not be overlooked.
Or squeezy cheesy peas?
Nice : Just learned our adventure race team was on the cover of some South American magazine for our 2011 Ecuador race!
"shake it fast" by mystical
Thanks for the retweet. Blessings ^staff
follow back!!!!
Listening to Coach Back go through his ring tones on his phone during the rain delay at state track meet
I heard Father Suarez of present on the topic of digital books a year or so ago. It was awesome.
I just got dropped into the middle of a rave!
Tonight: I'll be performing with The Score @ 10 pm as part of Wash Improv Theater's #CapFringe2011 contribution, Audiofiles. Source Theatr.
i think she's painting her nails while watching an episode of MTV Cribs
good luck with interviews,
I love North Carolina.
"ok may bean ap first?" I want a bean ap!
true true your so wise young nephew!
Is it raining where you are in #SanDiego?
All #cats 8 months and older have a reduced adoption fee of $8.00 fri-sun at the #houston #spca check them out
If she's mad, kiss her
make sure you follow and maybe tweet about alumni week a little!
dataviz: "overview, zoom & filter, details-on-demand"
today's agenda: meeting with a faculty member about using materials in a class & a brown bag on librarians who want to publish
geobrains! RT : showcasing for zombie attack health care analysis.
I can't wait to hang out with my new bros in
$18 worth of post-it notes.
letting go
I feel sick to my stomach right now😷
Rangers are on the board 53 seconds into the third. It's Dan Girardi.
I haven't. Have u tried it? What should I expect?
An important factor in SEO is the anchor text of the backlink
So according to the director + vocal director, I may actually *be* a soprano. heh. Who knew? (REALLY need to find a vocal teacher.)
Word has it that #Knicks might put $50 million on the table for Phil Jackson
Whoa... looks like we'll be going to 10 weddings in 2012! The mid-20s marriage rush...
classic mix up
#IUsedTo think was cool. NOT ANY MORE! She's such a loser!
Glad u enjoyed: Had a great time last night at the event. Thanks to Nicky V's for hosting. They have great...
Thanks for the words Michael.
How loves are we!! God says I have you in my hand, I will never let you go
Tom night sounds great. NYE was to much fun!!!!
Yes is the first gourmet popcorn #foodtruck. Hope you will visit us when we hit the streets.
TNG has a NEW ONE! Tenatively titled "PEDESTRIAN" ...hope you like da kick drum! ;)
I mean its coo to play hard to get but I'm the type to take things the wrong way.
That is so wonderful -- congratulations!
Tuesday Sports Fix Schumacher not happy, Rodionova out, Rooney's dad cleared, an IPL battle Royal and Aussie snooker champs steps in for
RIP #swamp dude !
take your own advice then, because I "could care less" about you. Also, finish up 5th grade before your next tweet.
God will never give up on you, He will never leave you or forsake you and He is faithful even when we are faithless.
« Niggas ask me to bump dey shit, i do cause i would want the same love....with that being said myfeedback is 100% honest!!»
I'm kidding calm down xD
T up for fucking crying. I thought you couldn't bitch at refs.
Some blonde all down my pants tonight, she Slaps me. Wtf bitch.
wats good, wat u been up to?
VALENTINES DAY WEEKEND! Come get a Sweethearts Dance! Porn stars in the house...come get X DVDs signed!
Don't do the crime! ;)
aww i got a headache 2 :( dont feel so good D; it hurts lol
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death.
broken again :'(
?? I would think that going from 400 to 20 clients would be more in line w/ that definition.....
Yep, it's in the works. I'm thinking Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage...
I was like uhh, why the FUCK are THESE people showing up on my News Feed!? lol.......oops
Nevermind.... annyyyways... back at Go Daddy's BBC next Friday - Blue & Red - Blue Ribbon Band & Red Light Refugee! Gonna be awesome!
what a great show . You can listen to a download at www.FocusSociety.com
thanks Obama for supporting gay marriage? what for? He's not supporting musical marriages you cumdumpster.
for real? on what station was it?
Shout out to Ron Ron coming back & doing work
Wow does beer flow like water in my new house. although I have to give a big fu to the people who owned it before me....I hate cats
cute! and true.
Pic de Bugarach: French commune home to 20,000 ‘doomsday cultists’ awaiting alien salvation |
thanks! RT: “: Stoked to have Andy on board again this year! Here's to a great show this April!
funny, most in iMedia circuit agreed with Re: Luma. But many I spoke with yesterday were blown away. Weird audience mix here...
"My gift is my curse & my curse is my destiny"
keep doing what you're doing. so proud of you!!!!! EVERYBODY FOLLOW
I already had lunch...but just Rob here to make me laugh more would be good!
JJ Hardy is awesome plays SS, not 3rd
(: Its true babe
nope. Check out the game fan link on my channel. 3Month on sale
CHHHEEEECKKKOOUUT!! MY TWIN Bro's Music VIDEO on youtube!! supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..TALENTED RAPPER!!!PLEAZE..Comment, Rate!!
In the control room at the halo studio with Jon Wyman
Can't wait for that game tomorrow, that's going to be a definite WIN and I'll be sporting my new Vick jersey I got for xmas!
Another rad trip to Thank you Mood!
#desperateHousewives series finale tonight:( I'm gonna miss it so much :(
Thanks to everyone who came out to the event today and everyone who checked out our #shirts too!
Retoucher Available with reasonable rates- If you're interested please email me at:
😨 lmao you started it
Body Glove DropSuit Rugged Case for iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 ...
any word brah..?
When gets asked out in aisle 6 of King Kullen
“: I know TD is puttin a big smile on the face of ”
Hate not being able to sleep, so much on my mind 👎
#Rothbury done for? www.mnlivemusic.com
Child please!!
I’ll get you a cup. Less worried about stringing those words together in my head than I am about actually writing them down.
Thanks again for the interview!
Last night I couldn't stop thinking of you....
Ugh people who still use checks at walmart I hate walmart
It's interesting to note that according to some, everything that is wrong in America is The President's fault.
bout to go to class
From top of hill on I25, haze over Santa Fe. But once in town, hard to tell!
bowling & drinking.. the life I live is out of control.
Five days eating my way around Southern India - lower intestines set to explode in three...two...
La Tonia Aziz Zee Harden I want to say THANKS again Aziz, You did a GREAT Job. The photos and slide show are great.
“: Sleep is death. The awakened don't sleep, they rest.” // Well... It's gettin' late here in Chicago. I'm off to die!
I was susie homemaker today. Breaded chicken, cheesecake, fudge. Im on a roll!
hahaha I'm glad I can be that ma'am! I strive everyday to be an inspiration to my peers. This calls for a celebration 🎉
Oh that way... that way always looks like gloom and doom. To the right still looks good!
I'm surprised the Tri Lambda's didn't go with their standard "Liquid Heat" as opposed to Icy Hot for Bryce.
I kno some where Derrick Rose laughing at the Miami Heat lmao.....
and now on to lunch with City of Chicago CTO John Tolva. Looking forward to hearing more about Open 311
I heard a story on npr today about Togo and how it's becoming a new travel destination!
everything I know about SocMe tells me that report is BS. Can't believe that linked in advisor client aquisition stat.
that doesn't make sense.
Rocking and rolling in the Heels.com office, love the beautiful Carolina day!
Sometimes wht the person says is the caption for the pic is the only funny part of the pic
<3 u guys, but not tweeting through this session; cdn't focus; twtng while watching was lk listening to some1 talk thru the movie.
All pills are sleeping pills if you take enough of them.
Finally got my paycheck!
#ThatMomentWhen you realize you don't have to go to school tomorrow.
I found out that this was actually a fault with Sony Vaio batteries in general.
Thank you friends. Much appreciated.
Streak is 17-0 dating back to the first half. 2nd long stretch we've seen #Temple go scoreless for 4 or more minutes.
Never would have thought a South Park episode would leave me speechless
Almost the weekend! Stop in and swirl a cup on your way home...Make Rush Hour a little more enjoyable while savoring a guilt free treat!
Never been a #Braves fan; but I have the utmost respect for Chipper as a person and player. Class act all the way.
Best part of What Not to Wear right now: the nominee sounds exactly, precisely, like Marcel the Shell.
