Sounds very similar to mine. cause you can use goat cheese, like you, instead of Boursin (a French herbed cream cheese).
lmao!!! So true
thanks. i needed that today. does that make sense?
nope I'm sayin let her jump...silly
Kk and thanks u want my second pair
#FF: Follow these stylish Twitter-ers for fashion news & inspiration!
Every time we touch, I get this feeling...
These stairs ain't no JOKE! 😱
hey guys its acimahomie !
What I feel for you can not be explained with words.
Considering a Refinance? Call a Marimark Mortgage Counselor at: (866) 910-8020
“: Got candy on an air drop today. Really..it had to be sour skittles..like I don't miss enough..” save me some ;)
Well fuck the cracken. We are doing this shit
CONGRATS, V!!!! And Vicious sounds AMAZING! :D Can't wait to read it!
Not a successful night monetarily, but a great way to go out before the rapture.
do u watch smosh nd if so who is better ian or anthony or both??????
Doooode Pretty Little Liars is soo addicting! I love it!
Is a violent person. XD
Come on you Blues!
and just wanted to thank you for your brilliant ideas!
Glad you could make it! RT : Quick Fun Break. 5 de Mayo pool party at Vizcayne in Dowtown Miami.
banana fun fact #1. Bananas come in many colors. Green, yellow, and most importantly pink.
please please you are killing me with the wait. Lol
Hope you like the new "BugyBops" #book!
You should have a section on your site to post used volvos
": The cars are rolling out of the paddock to Gasoline Alley... goes live from #gpstpete at 12:30pm!"
Crazy day today as prep in high gear for shooting of addtl footage 's mansion. Addtl footage added so far looks great!
Slow and steady!
Bikini Bull Riding was nuts! was right! We'll have pictures up tomorrow if you missed it! - Dustin
My Grad school app is now in. Gotta take the GRE. Not happy about that. Gotta cram a 2 month process in 2 weeks to prepare
My siblings and I are kosher now. Hubby is not. He eats pork only when we eat out, cuz I'm the cook at home.
Two genealogy prgms tomorrow @ Paseo Verde Lib: Vital Records class @ 1 pm & Family Health History class @ 6pm. Explore your family roots!
Asked for light cream cheese on bagel- but instead got way too much! C'mon universe, don't be so cliche!
NDT needs sponsorship's help provide underprivileged kids to participate in our Anti - Abduction class
thank you. Looks like you're having a blast
Was Heidi Klum out there chasing another one?!?
Just got back from #PureRebllion and they werent lying about how life changing it really is.! #GodIsGood forsure :-)
How so? Kind of a sweet guy who really loves a girl. He's a bit of a weird dude. Never seemed unrealistic to me.
Huh - #coxcable really does call their tech support "tier 1" and "tier 2" - is there a "tier 3" or higher as well?
today is my half birthday, incase you were all wondering:D
# 4: What about budget? The higher the dpi & bit depth, the more costly the scanner-Be certain the unit U buy will do the job-Dont overbuy.
I was at that seminar too. Great talks by all the speakers!
Africa's Lost Classics: New Histories of African Cinema edited by Lizelle Bisschoff and David Murphy...2013
“: It's so hot out here I swear I seen the devil walkin round the outlets too wth”. Welcome to Florida!
U was on My page huh? Re-tweeting Shit!
Hm. Any ideas on what to do for my 18th birthday? I'm thinking a little kick-back or maybe a "Barbie-Q" LMFAO. #ItsKenBitches!
pretty! congrats!
I've avoided Twilight stuff on purpose. Maybe should pan this one as well.
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!! LETS GO FINS! Time to Finish!!
wish you lived here I would do your brows ...
The Regional Initiative Grant Region 7 APS Panel will start at 10 a.m. in the Indiana State Library Author's Room.
totes wanna go to this
If u had a straight ace in your hand you would be cocky too.
: I'd rather look jet-lagged & have vacationed in Hawaii! RT:... Hawaii was a blast, feel...We are live from !
that was my inspiration
This is the shit that proves real friends, from the fakes
I'm Diana ..!! he, what type of music do you like ??
I dunno yet , why ?
uh what are the squares . haha
In Chicago. Heading to an Equal Voice Network meeting.
lmaooooooo Intern, when are you coming here? I see you gone have me dying laughing
.Nice turn-around in that point.
hahaha! which one, do you think?
#GuessAnumber? We'll bring two if you win. One to drop, one to eat! :) :)
Hello Colleagues of education, school will be starting 8/15/11 in Ohio. I am 2 ready to return. Whoppee!!!! C U soon kids!!
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
Pretty decent, in terms of decency!
Think your great website idea will last forever? Remember Myspace..me neither
We definitely hope you come back and visit soon!
Hey Tiffy here ;) Do u by any chance have a fan mail addy??? Would be awesome if u did :D
Ok, so the first new song of the year is finsihed (even though the year isn't) and at a whopping 38 secs, you're sure to listen to the...
Beasties & RHCP should be awesome! RT : We have just confirmed that tickets have sold out to the #RockHall2012 Induction Ceremony.
Has anyone ever been to Stone Creek Coffee?
But an hearie can simply call anyone anytime and not worry about a 30 min limit. Where's the equal access?
I've changed. I'm not the same girl you used to know a couple months ago.. So when you come back don't think I'll take you back again.
Hey co-worker - no I don't want to talk to you while I'm sitting in here. Kthanks
Live in the Las Vegas / Reno area? Call us today for a FREE quote on health insurance 702.258.1995
how are you feeling about the #rangers? tough one last night.
Just remembered I found a $50 bill in my jacket pocket last night! Always exciting to find money!!
Napier Awards Go to Two Pomona Seniors
OH in the office: "I just like the idea of being part of a petting zoo" (re: RBMS Conference Technology Petting Zoo)
You know, Fische. Sometimes your avatar looks like a fish; sometimes like a group of houses at sea.
Solvej 💗 look at chuu showing your lurv this whole week.
Would you give the first dance to me.?
The Friday night alcohol fairy has just arrived!
About to head downtown to see "Act Like A Lady Think Like A Man"! :)
Barack Obama is such a good president.
We need a jingle, Can you help us?
ur six pack is cute!!! but my Keg is Sexy!!!!!!
Man is conceived in sin & born in corruption & he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something
This episode of Glee...
thanks Anthony, I added some thoughts on as well...
Have you read Strayed's new one yet, Anne? I just picked it up but haven't started it yet. Great piece on here in P&W this month.
happy bday!!! :) : I'll definitely be at Happy Hour Fitness this Friday! Looking forward to it! () :)
Those clever sonsabitches + () finally unveil their super-awesome sketch 2moro. Genius.
A little stress, a little rest. Got the ride back up and running. Good weekend away.
True that. RT I would actually care more about Apple's big news if their products were anywhere near a reasonable price point.
There is nothing like your MOM...she will always be there for you..GOD BLESS MY MOM!!!
Not sure why, but even when I shower alone, I still get a little nervous when I drop the soap.
I kinda dig Pete these days. He's the only certifiable lefty at SDCP, and he and Trudi are the only functioning marriage around.
That's the CHURCH NURSE!
joker is the best villain hands down
Should robots. At least, if humans are going to be that incompetent.
Checked Cuil.com to get a Cuil style answer... and realized they are gone! I guess I became too accustomed to Google. Darn. I liked Cuil!
unfortunately like every other big business - if it doesn't suit their needs, disregard. good luck.
“: Met the Oriole Bird.” My daughter loves the Orioles bird. We're going Friday, first of the season.
come hang!
Life coaching and the "art" of expression are a healing combination and I offer two different workshops - "Heart2Art" and "Color Your World"
OMG - The Obama economy - ZERO jobs added in August. Just look what Obama's doing to Gibson Guitars to understand why.
ironic, most of the Celtics have pacemakers...although Garnett is a beast
jump in! It's not too late for a rematch. #Giants and #Patriots are doing it!
You Found Yo Earring
Today was the longest Monday ever...
Add required field validation with jQuery in the Zend template.
We didn't have to take a Language Arts final in my class. Woop woop.
You're the💨to my✈
“: of course my friend ^_^ stay blessed.” Will do~~you do the same.
My day just keeps on getting busier and busier..
happy mother's day! Busy Bee Cafe, Raleigh's gr8st tots... My treat!
Well damn...
So who making breakfast cuz I'm fuckin hungry
:: Hot topics coming up soon on Live and talk used underwear. #what?!
"Exercise produces a relaxation response that serves as a positive distraction, it also helps elevate your mood and keep depression at bay."
i keep my commitments
D'yer Maker tomorrow nite? lol...just kidding...although while you were noodling, you just about got it going. I could hear it.
Which 3 VO Talents do you admire the most?
He DID say "we are always seeking new hives & monitoring hives." Hmm. Nosey snoopy tell me what do neighbors; neighbors running up our drive
Nobody has a perfectly linear career path. Except really uninteresting people.
jw but is that all you think about? well that and peoples' moms
But I went out there to kick it and my plan backfired\
- come clean & organize my office next! Looks like Ali Bab & the 40 thieves office there too! Argghhh!
My friends and I saw you @ sxsw a year or two ago, and we've been major fans since!
My crush said he hasn't had his first kiss yet and hen it happens it better be special, I promise to make it special. ;)
- all set now, thx
THANK YOU! I've a fancy, two-monitor setup at work, and getting Excel to use more than one of 'em is painful.
A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary. ~Thomas Carruthers
If you put the Federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there'd be a shortage of sand. ~ Milton Friedman
This is a beautiful day to....wait at WalMart for a tire replacement.
Exactly, and I should know.
thanks for joining us! Always a good time
i just got done writing too your "up all night beat" Insane.. I will be leasing this too!
Thanks, girl!
Thanks for suggesting Already follow both!
When was the last time you hypocritical 'w' people ate SWINE and COW? Some say that's a SIN
#LasVegas says cheers to Austin and wishing you a good mobbin' day!
That moment when u get new followers <3
drop in and say "Hi"
YOU WONT LET ME DOWN DOWN DOWN
Hey everyone! Our twitter page is up and you can follow us at Our facebook page will be up in a week! So follow us for updates!
Lol my gay manager calls me Zachary. very few people in this world get to call me that.
Just had this thought: If I go to Target, I get to wear my Wellies! Target here I come!
It was so awesome to met you last night. Me and my friends have look up to you so much. I hope to see you soon
you're really cute(: and 5 is my number also!(;
Sounds good. Call me after 11 your time.
DYK? Delta Sigma Theta Sorority colors are crimson and cream ..
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. – David Brinkley
Oh what?! is in Vegas with WADDUUUUPPP
YogaFit is apparently different than my normal yoga class. My muscles really wish I'd known that before I signed up for a 10 week class.
Oh your in the zone...I'll leave you alone!
lol yes, let's actually hang out :D
Sorry I didn't see this sooner. Been running around WDW for days. Thanks for the kind words, glad you enjoy my madness..LOL
Hey how r u today ?
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today & giving 5% of revenue! #trucks<3citymeals
Hopefully, this guy is Cuban and disliked by Latinos!
haha Seancook was taken so I had to clarify who the real one was. ME...haha
That is awesome, keep up the good work!
you are my hero please please please follow me<3???
NOPE BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T USE MULTIPLE LETTERS LIKE ME. So I win.
Yeah! A friend just made it and said it was really good!
The fact that I get to that point with some people is mind boggling..
I want to hug you Kenny. :]
Why are kids not allowed to read indep reading books when finished testing? We make sure all our kids have a book to read.
Balotelli is a disgrace. If he's not sent off during this second half, I'd be shocked. Go Arsenal.
RT : Retweet this if you want $0 shipping! For every 100 new followers gets, we unlock 1 hr. $0 shipping tomorrow!
you're welcome to blow up my timeline, no apology necessary.
That sucks. I would say you could use mine since I don't use it that much. I'll see if I can find something.
Thanks for the mention! Have a good night!
Attending Conference? We'll be at Booth # 921. Stop by to see live demonstrations of DonorPro Connect and FriendRaising!
it's going great! Working hard and writing lots of new songs! It's exciting :) I love it!
no doubt bro. That would be nice. Keep the link.
Hah! Don't we wish. Maybe somewhere over the rainbow....or in a matter of years? Let's redefine what museums are about!
Bitch please. My straightener is hotter than you.
This update is very heterosexist, maybe men want to see hot swedish men!
love you girls :)
Free for the afternoon? Come volunteer w/the office staff at CA today, and earn free tickets to a CA performance!
With your head pounding harder than your heart. And you feel like you're stuck where you are.
I'm getting the same messages like four times 😔
Happy Tuesday!
+1 RT : Documentation is so key, both in code and in general. Trying to document as much as I can so the next person won't be lost.
oooohhh...imagine the geeky possibilities!
RT : Whatever you are thinking there is a good chance you should be thinking bigger.
I just finished a 2.65 mi run with a time of 30:33 with Nike+ GPS.
lol idk where so i just made a semi good one via my house
Thank you! Sort of figured it was something as such, you can never be too sure, however, w/ the
Love costs 5 cent less than a nickle
And now I'm weeping.
Will there be one-stoppers now?
The best of all gifts at a birthday table is the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other.
chip n dales , simpsons n little rascals....am I right???
I'm just as bad as the boys.... I wait till the very last minute to do things. 😍❤
Miss Earth 2011 in Thailand is Cancelled and has returned back to the Philippines!
It was very odd. All the special effects were Monty Python-esque animations.
NO I'm up follow back?!
Everyone ok?
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.....
Worst idea ever...getting a long haired cat. Bitch gets mats (sp?).
July is half way over. NFL camps open up in a couple of weeks. College FBall practice to follow. This year is flying.
It's hang on time!
Climbing a tree with a missing limb and not saving anyone.
Mikael: modularization of standards as an important tool - Dublin Core was in this sense a pioneer
So happy to see you on Twitter! Welcome. You should follow to start. You'll enjoy the AH posts.
Counting down the days till summer ! <3
RT : You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.
It'd make my life if noticed mee :c
is now following & 'll
thank you chef yes we do take externs when you get back give me a shout and we can set up a stage
no, thats the best part. I saw all of that just walking my dog around the block. I feel invincible today.
This joke may have been used already, but is it appropriate for you guys to be called The Village People?
if it beeps it means the line is busy! <3
perhaps, but more in the b-sides way.
Now to become an expert user of Quantum GIS.
The good thing is that after tomorrow all we're gonna do in school is chill and watch movies.
I guess will be rooting for the #Celtics in this #NBA series!
does not like "status shuffle" on Facebook. The "witty" quote it spits out is not yours. I know u have a mind, why don't you?
& of course we will all be by the studio very soon. We all miss you(:Sending you much love from the family, hugs & kisses
We have a pretty killer classic beer battered Fish and Chips. If a beer bar couldn't do beer batter what could they do?
Sitting at school with Corey and Kaleb.
I AM SO SORRY! I really had no time for twitter & now lost 20 followers??
nobody is a better artist than me ;)) -Confidence
Uecker loves him some donuts.
#drugreactions: Changing the #lifestyle often helps avoid the use of #drugs with side effects that also damage
RT : Car seats have a wide variation in height/weight limits. Before you buy do homework to pick the best seat for you.
hey Niall :) how's my cute Irish member of 1D doing?
fat ass lol !!! I'm always eating Krispy Kremes myself so I make sure I get an automatic extra 20mins in the gym O_o
CHILLING W/ ! We reminiscing about the past ! I love my cousin .♥♥♥♥
#erl12 cancellation projects driving all the usage/ management data projects
PO$ITIVE PU$H IS A MOVEMENT WE SHOULD ALL BE APART OF ISNT THAT HOW WE ARE TRYNA LIVE Y NOT WEAR IT .
miss you guys!!! :D
If at first you don't succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
RT : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity–Louis Pasteur
my sweet Lauran!! Oh how I have missed you & your sunshine! How are you beautiful girl? Let's save GCB :)
I wish there was a RESTART BUTTON ON LIFE -Same As SHIT)
"Unless you're part of the fabric of community, you're not going to succeed that well" - on the importance of being engaged
that is awesome. congratulations. and happy birthday!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse live tonight #all yellowerrythang
yall might have better air were u at
Ha! You're proof we can be friends with moles. Don't think that's true for trolls:)
Bicycle bells are my favorite passive aggressive invention of all time.
Really bored!!!:(
Time for band practice!
at least the pats lost.
700th tweet comin up RT if you want a shout out
I observe everyone… I judge you based on what i observe…
that river in Oregon was in flood season & icy cold. Its assumed by Sherrif dep that body might be found by fishers or never
haha VERY serious!!
Thx 4 checking us out. We hope that u listen to & love the music of Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Watching pigeons at Lake Ella. You cannot comprehend how happy I am.
Next week :)
Someone wanted $2 million from David Letterman not to go public about sexual relationships with women who worked on his show. Too late now.
Virginia Woolf sure knew what she was talkin' about when she wrote "A Room of One's Own"...
Goodnight everyone . Sweet dreams (:
i liked it ;)
airports most checked in location
lol it's funny Ashley liked the two that has girlfriends lmao
Happy Birthday! :D
I'm barely gonna be on tomorrow because of school and work so happy early birthday :)
Does it suck to know i sat on it first?
“: Go 'Cats” HaHAA! UK's getting smashed like the freshman punks they are
#MiddleFingerUp to bieber haters.
If you love life it will love you back!
I'm on a money run ... Track team
You are welcome
Typical little spoiled, entitled BRAT.
Calling out the guy *napping* at the library. Security is getting lax. :-p
im wit it
Raiders fan until i die
Ever want to do a liver cleanse? Do you drink allot? Does liver cancer run in your fam? Yellow in your eyes? Contact me for details & price.
What are you eating?
These refs are star wowed by miami cause they are making horrible calls
Greatest come back ever BYU, or greatest choke job ever Iona?
Gotta have a winners attitude to get anywhere in life.
every other country hopes similarly
@/FinishLine is secretly gay?!?! They're a SHOE STORE!
Sauteed it cubed, twice. The second time I added nutritional yeast to the last minute or two of cooking time. Yum!!
you rock and have inspired us to launch
because they were late picks we gave up...no way would we do what Washington did and give up three first. Big difference
happy birthday...have the best
let's get married so he can go to your wedding.
Good recording session 2day w/17 yr old guitarist Gabe Schnider. Kid's got a future. Nice studio in Rhinebeck, NY.
Michael jackson died at 58 Whitney houston died at 48. John F Kennedy died at 38. Amy whinehouse died at 28. How old is Justin Bieber again?
All they do in reality shows is go out to dinner...
#Celtics have 12 regular season games left. At Indiana tomorrow and then back to Boston for a game against Philly Sunday.
I love when Twitter has an error and it says "Something is Technically Wrong," like it should be followed with "but not really..."
Not on this tour, sadly, If I had loads of money I could probably afford to travel to another show, but oh well.
Automotive Finance and Leasing for Consumers in Emerging Global Markets
God put us here on this carnival ride. We close our eyes, never knowing where it'll take us next.
Liberal liberals suck. Conservative conservatives suck. What happened to the 80% of regular people running the show?
sorry, might have had an early dinner :/
in all seriousness...when, if at all, do u start tebow? Your opinion?
#cara student Willie H. just secured a position at Cleanslate as a Special Projects Associate! 44 of 310!!
RT Dear Blackberry, HAHAHAHA HA HAHAHAH! Sincerely, Apple. <--- Yup
Wish I was pulling an all-nighter with #oomf I have no motivation alone.
#crossinmyfingers mom let's me check out!
.... and I'm paying much more attention to the ads now .... what/who's next?? ;)
Our home town rockers RootsCovenant are backing Sister Nancy tonight and NSE is here covering it. Videos will be up soon!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! GUYS YOU MADE MY DAY TODAY! YOU ARE THE BEST.
Milwaukee farmers mkt today!
: #IWantSomeOneWhoWill Be something that I never had"
Congrats on the win today!! , , , Going for the Sweep tomorrow!!
VERY thankful for all the opportunities coming my way! Today, it's a CD Workshop followed by another audition.
Me and Kita took a pic the other day I look too faded.
I've moved a lot at least 8 times..between undergrad, grad school, jobs
SUMMER SHAPE UP is coming April 1st to V-TOne FItness in Rogers Park! $40 for the whole 6 week session..msg for details!!
Now i need some pussy now, because the Lakers lost i need to cheer up!! lol
omg! thats just around the corner too.
9/26/2010 Power Packs: Teens today prefer friendship in groups Chicago Tribune
RT : FREE STUFF from KISS FM in honor of Bryant and Stratton's new location -Free Stone Creek Coffee and...
Aw thanks!! :) xoxo
Beautiful day in San Diego. Want to thank my Ace Team for the hard work and extra effort they put into their jobs. You all rock!!!
#Starbucks helps with everything. So very tired. :-)
I offer GREAT perspective on Anything & Everything. Xo
I mean it'd be cool if the bitch didn't take my phone away
#whimsicalgates taking in this beautiful day helping artist Leslie Wilcox measure the site for her gate, Winsome Gate
But on the real though whenever do you see all natural pics these days
can I borrow ten bucks?
Paging with a Ray Pruit tweet
In the lab waitin on to send me this beat so I can make love to it lmao
is a racist asshole. Now he wants college transcripts and grades WTF!!!!!!
oh bummer! Sorry to hear this.
I've become much less #RiskAverse as I've grown older. I think it's supposed to work the other way round?
Whether you fight for the #Sith or the justice of the #Jedi,
Ugh I feel so sick
that literally has become the norm, at least amongst the weddings I've been shooting!
If we made our Online Dashboard screen look like a Polaroid taken back in 1978, do you think we'd get 30 million people using us?
Mexico: won the last 3 matches vs. USA.
But I could definitely do it more--I know people who do much much more.
Ok can't tweet. Too Glued to TV
Oh #WinterWipeout how I love thee. ;)
whoz ur number 1 pick to take it down?? And btw.. U don't really suck
I've never seen grandmas boy :o
my ag teacher made it in highschool took him over a year to perfect it has 4 blades and two of them detatch
A7X/HU/Asking/BVB tour in the works..... wow.
Got myself a Wookie Cookie today. May the 4th be with you!
Everytime I pass harbor on the 91 freeway, I think of running across it at 2 in the morning, shitfaced. Lol
you like it
On my way to the seminar 'Building a Better Milwaukee'. It's about recognizing abundance in our community. Will you be there?
Congrats to our friends Teagan & The Tweeds for an excellent show on WXXI's OnStage tonight!
these the niggas you talking about on all 4s lmmfao
Yeah for BOOKS! Boo for weather! RT The wintry mix will not prevent me from going to Normal's bookstore. So there.
yes! Let's have a drink. Text Eric!
Love your photo!
Great! We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times get sick then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain. Magic of Disney!
My paycheck is about to be so great :)
Happy Passover from
The state senate in Iowa didn't want to take up the issue of banning red light cameras. Is that because they get out of tickets?
and he got an ear for good beats them shits always banging
I will be content cause those people in Africa hav an experience.
Dio - the ultimate musical professional. Rock on in the afterlife, Ronnie!
we can barf it up later.
i want a girl niggas be lonely
Oh so sick can't sleep && my dog is no where near Lassie status mehh no bueno
Red velvet cake O.O
RT : The only thing that can save the world is reclaiming of the awareness of the world. That's what poetry does. Allen Ginsberg
#nwill2011 blended learning = combine face-to-face instruction with online
thanks for advice re good company in Euston - looking for someone from my own species! know that might appear fussy but...
RT : Really not feeling school... Atleast its Friday.
As things get more virtual, are audiences craving the "real thing"? Like the brain....
thank you!..good morning to you!.. Have a great day!!
Movies with my little bro(:
boring is okay as long as you're happy. if you're not happy, then boring has to go!!!!
Chocolee brownies are made with top quality ingredients and worth every guilt-laden calorie. Give yourself a real treat this weekend.
can't wait! See you soon friends :)
I'm making a carrot cake..
We are working on poster, flyer and t shirt designs for Dancing to the Next Dimension with Divine Dance Institute.
RT : Released IL inmate, after 21 yrs prison, 13 death row, files suit against convicted police Lt. over abuse re:...
I thought Rick Ross was gone perform with them. I hope he didn't have another seizure again.
Where did you go for your 6 weeks cruise? Must be fun... :)
B-e-autiful outside.
This mvmt is a reaction to the trauma of the second mvmt
can't wait!
Your boy is live on twitter now, let 'em know!
Very cool! RT Saw #Discovery on my commute in this morning. Sweet!
Woke up before sunrise.... Pretty but I'm tired.
Ruby ... this time they tweeted giddy, fickle, flighty, and thoughtless
That's so cool!
See you in a few weeks!! YEA!
Spending quality time with grams
Excited to debut a digital feature for #PDX's #CAN group. Ask them about it during tomorrow.
I'm so glad you (and your roommate) like the swag! :)
. BE the change you want to see in the world. We believe in #ochi's core. And it is peace & dignity, not war & corruption.
I tell people in grab bags to go to my fave beer store and tell them I love hops & get an assortment!
Heading to my last panel of the day but it's so nice out I'm tempted to go have a beer instead.
I had a nightmare I failed my Spanish final... grab a bottle & come practice with me
i missed you today! feel better!
“: Looking forward to a great show!” We are too!
The professors are great!
Very nice recap of our conference! RT made my first blog post !!! All about the Food for Thought conference
My concern is that if tweets do have a soul, how long before the Church says it's a sin to delete them?
a pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
Kobe shouldn't have ordered the enchilada plate at Casa Bonita before game 6.
thanks for the shout out :)
You make yourself look stupid.
I like things the way they are (: so if your nice to me I MAY call you up when we all go out on the lake
tony you're a hater. I have assets to feed
Star Mentors Events is on fire. Come Join us. www.starmentors.com
How wonderful!
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments
Whatever you do, don't feed them!
there is something deeply hilarious about all of this.
YEEAAAH YOU DO
If you have some free time check out Joe Mckinney's new Book Flesh Eaters, just finished today, fascinating read!! On to the next....
1974 first Yale turg class? Our field has only existed in my lifetime... Weird.
Our big spring social will be in April 14. Email Stacy Chen with suggestions or to volunteer.
here I will just say good luck
It's been a while since I've given Dana the #ff love that she deserves. She's funny, smart, and beautiful!
and gay porn stars.
Only a few hours until joint presentation with : American Experience's Clinton-6pm, free tickets!
They hated said you wouldn't make it now look where you at
just got outta bed ... what a night ,,, not in a good way
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes
. continues to charge the public for its own negligence // Court petition: Utility responsible for wildfire insurance ()
Somebody that I used to know :)
I love that song I'm gonna listen to it now & let it minister to memy heart hurts my bro passed almost exactly 2 months ago
// Most announcements they want highly publicized air late in the day to make the evening news 4 more eyes.
Well, Jagr has scored big goals in Pittsburgh a few times before.
Took my son and his friends to the X Games yesterday, street skate contest Ryan Sheckler won Gold, pretty cool:)
Why can't people just mind their own business? Don't get what's so hard
crap! Hope the National Guard is close by!
Okay Thanks. (: I'm excited thank you so much for doing this <3 this is gonna be the best birthday present :D
I grew up south of there, and my parents always took us to the White Mts. every summer. LOVE.
WOW! Dez is blowing beast opportunities! I have Dez-Julio-AJ Green-D. Nelson and Denarius..start 2..who do I start?
Good call! RT : Not sure if "clubbin" is accurate or not, but going out. I believe we're heading to
Logitech Wave. Not too shabby so far.
Pack up your shit and go. Moving.
tonight at Skully's! Come through!
yee my last day is mon. 👊
to Robert's number or to yours?
youth theater learning to polka...does it get much better than this?
Today is a perfectly good day to be rolling just beautiful weather -
I'm glad you asked. Impossible to compare tragedies, but we can say that one is more prevalent in teachers, the other in parents.
I'm warning you kid. I speak goose and that kind of language is not acceptable! #austin&ally
well if I ever actually drag my ass out of bed, I want to go looking for a good case for my phone
Steve, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing what you can teach the rest of Philly.
Is Looking Forward To Being A Guest On Steve Gross's Radio Show Today! "Gross Reality with Steve Gross" Discussing Networking
Paske said it was either Pineapple Landslide or Black Friday. Sean and I agreed Black Friday wasn't as important.
You never fail to make me smile! :) Love you<3
*choke* Tiger. Yes, I am rooting for McDowell to overtake him.
We specialize in online marketing for mixed-use real estate all over the U.S. Let us know if we can help.
Shabbat Shalom!! Recording for new album tonight. Details comin
you guys have a case of CDs in the basement of in case you'd forgotten. Under my desk.
thanks for the mention w/
How did you "Do The Most Good" on Earth day?
Nothing sweeter than the cross. Salvation, grace, mercy, sin, wretchedness, HIS love all meet up at the cross
Estimate for car repair : $2000+......FML.
thanks for following :D if you get me more followers, Ill let you suck my 15 inch dick ;)
Good luck to all the participants this weekend!
#YPO-I hate when speakers use P&G social media examples and fail to emphasize the tens of millions in paid media to make them "social"
Yay! And PS loving the new icon.
follow me please
#InsideJob was an interesting doc. It did a great job explaining the 2008-09 financial breakdown in an understandable way.
so the "my very educated mother just served us nine pizzas" is now "my very excellent mother just served us noodles." i miss pluto :(
i miss you < 3
The new rule is:
Y'all cheering 2nite?
Victor Cruz And His Touchdown Dance lol
Some like it hot. That's why we carry hot chocolate by Payard çoisPayard, Mariebelle and 111 St. Marks Place.
fingers crossed :-) thank you
#AmercianExperience is on and I finally get to sit down and enjoy it.
ya. And I'm gonna be taking pictures and recording a video for them
So glad it's finally football season
I don't cry over spilt milk, but a fallen scoop of ice cream is enough to ruin my whole day.
T'gate is only 2 weeks away! Stop down and see us Saturday September 3rd at 222 W.Lane Ave for food, drinks and the game of course...
I'm there.
thank you for raising such an amazing boy ^.^
Investor presentations with One down, one to go...
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
The right person will love all the things about you that the wrong person couldn't accept
im tweeting. and playing kingdom hearts! IT's da bomb! x)
nothing super official yet but seeing it everywhere
haha I will have to tell you a story. Custodians are douches.
Of course! Looking forward to learning more about WCIDetroit. We're in The New Center!
Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!!Please repost!!
#history #museum #historical Tuesday history quote: Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall! Ronald Reagan, 1987
check s last tweet
Who says you can't wear a sweater on a hot sunny day? :)
Thanks for the #FF, sweetheart--hope you're not going bonkers on that deadline!
GN hail USA
#JBR will be at tomorrow, 5:30-8:00 for Cupcakes and Cocktails! Stop by to join the fun!
#TwSIG Managing Twitter. Who is going to manage an account? How much time for this? How do we decide what to publish? Who is the audience?
RT : The author of Inside Val's Brain is on Twitter! For a rollicking pop culture time, follow
let me see wht this twitter all about
depends on if you're just sharing, or actually asking questions for people who have the same problems. FB tolerates more.
Thanks! RT : That looks ah-mazing,
Follow your girl
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard. Colin Powell
Recent Jewish immigrants (meaning back to the 1980s at least) are often GOP supporters as are the Orthodox.
you do not understand how many hours of my life I have spent pretending to be interested in talking about cars.
yes ma'am! tell me you're gonna be there?!
thtd b cool if u lived by us! Then ud get to participate in our shananagans(:
Today is not the day to fuck with me I woke up not in the mood
#imagine u and justin making out then having ... Sex
haha that's actually the combo I usually get too.
worst Wayne verse ever on the new Khaled shit. wow.
I'm gonna go for Doug.
I miss 08!.. Dat was our year!..
ok I'll see later and I'll get at you People don't lie and if she had something to say she can @ me or my sis not talk about it
London "Hudson! There's no such thing as a red head!" "yes there is sis! I'm a red head! And I'm a such thing as one!"
listening to this bum rap <- Solja Boy?? LMAO!
Running home to listen to more So addicted wah!
rotbl!! U already know! #aivilOs our tugging comes naturally!!
Writer Workshop TONIGHT at 8 p.m., MGC 252. Bring your laptops and a sweet tooth! Goodies to be served.
“Interaction w/ the #network means we learn from each other & are reinforced that remembering past & changing future is key objective”
RISE & GRIND Tweeps!
Suggestion – Third, Eye contact has been shown to be a significant factor in the persuasion process.
I am happy...no school!:)and cause ur happy please follow me back!!
Try to be the sail in someone's boat and not the anchor. Anchors are nothing but dead weight anyway.
Break out the soup cans and string! This week's telephone themed Sound Design, and more, up now on #productionvault!
Next glamorous travel destination: Kansas City, MO! Jealous yet?
what up.....Connie! Jess, Kenny and I say hello!
Hey chica. How are you doing?
tiny data is just as important
Eating some
Friends, more like two face bitches.
u bring home lots of sneakers. i destroy lots of sneakers.
Burgers at Champps with my mommy:)
Just when i thought it couldn't get any slower...
RT : It doesn't look safe to have that many bees in a major league ball park
ur only starting to miss us now!?
Portlander uses down time during yesterday's Occupy the banks at Chase, to cash a birthday check from his grandma.
when & where
It's cold #af in this school
your friend said who looks like a bum Theo or Ryan?
Oh! I'm so happy someone knew it! I'm on season 3 in my chronological GG watching.
Aw, you are so sweet. You too, Lisa!
EX COLTS QB signs 2 year deal in TAMPA....Dan Orvlovsky not Peyton :-)
singing backup vox for tonight at !
Main building..
no problem...dm us your info ... Wish it was a better auto..
Spectacular only could've been better 4 me is if I was there!Cum bk 2Chi Look @ my bio bout trance journey (edit)
Oh, Babs, you're being histrionic;"malicious intent"? I'd love to represent the facts with you over dinner. #fascistsneedlove,too
Coral Alt, Angela Bassett and Donna Karan have two things in common. They all claim to be celebrities and they all love
Design your life by choice. Not chance. Chance happens, but make choices around it.
please don't hurt them!!!
knock'em down slaps hard bruh....ima do something and come out there to film a video
Just watched w/ Ken Venturi. So much wisdom from the left side of the booth & wit from the right. Two definite classics.
New song!! www.listn.to/armisticemaine
LOVING 's song "Tonight" <3 :)
#lifevineworks welcomes ETA theatre to the westside! enjoyed their production "Flow"at westinghouse high
Happy to help - thanks for your interest in my favorite topic - #crowdfunding!
Feel better!
Just wait until you discover the wonders of naval peanut butter!
Everything is going good, looking forward to relaxing on the 4th. How's everything with you?
His holiness has just stated that fear of something such as earthquakes is actually reasonable.
Back from KC and Des Moines....
hope you feel better:)
Barbara Stowasser, a professor in the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies and member of the CCAS Executive Committee, died yesterday.
Won't forget that experience. Thanks for giving a damn about equity in Portland. VIVA MARRIAGE EQUALITY!
I thought Peyton Manning wasn't here to teach our awkward QB Tebow -- I mean Osweiler -- how to play.
Forgot it was Earth Day til I saw the google doodle this morning. Lovely.
I'll have to take a look! I've only heard the song.
crazy night.
There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you
cuz there from new york lls
Today was good. :)
After seeing how people I went to high school with have ended up.... I'd say I am doing pretty well for myself.
The Bellmen are pplaying in Wimberly Texas tomorrow at 3 p.m. After that almost everyday for
Morning Twissers! How was your weekend?
thank you for showing that conservative doesn't mean close minded or bigoted. Thank you for fighting the good fight.
Sunday June 3rd. TEEN WOLF <33
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 Ps, I love you.
SO YOU YOUR BRITISH AND COME TO AMERICA? AND IM AMERICAN,&I CANT GO TO THE UK? this makes no sense. I WANT TO GO 2 THE UK
True. But it sounds awesome!
Was a pleasure working with you also Mike!
Congrats 2 our San Diego Chargers on their BIG win over the SF 49'ers. Lookin' gr8 w/ 2 more regular season games 2 go.
This made my day. MT : Did you know Jamie Hyneman ( of ) worked as a Slavic collection librarian at the UN?
If you miss out on that great bargain, it's not because we didn't warn you!
There's surfing in the Great Lakes!
So my roommate's cat--the one I hate (roommate and cat)--woke me up at 5 am meowing outside my window...
Go Miranda Bailey. Give them the shark!
i love u
Basic graphic design tip #6: Know who your audience is and what your specific message is before you start.
My english teacher obviously doesnt like gaga... Fuck head
Demonstration that e-auctions in Slovakia has saved tons of money
I don't want him to forget only remember! :/
best tweets ever girls you should follow
How I love being bymyself.
No no, thank you (thanks for the RT too)! Sounds like you, , and others in the industry are doing important work.
Remember when "News" used to be News. I'm 30, but I do remember local TV stations before they were taken over by the Corp's.
What did you enjoy? RT : Had a great lunch today
HELLO! Somebody is spreading nasty rumors about you... WHY DON'T THEY LIKE YOU?
Went to prison today. A Danish open prison, that is.
The time needs to change back soon... It's only 6:57 but it's so dark outside. I thought it was getting late...
me neither thanks for the support
it's the future
I'm on a cruise in Mexico and California promoting my book; and having lots of fun(:
A good design is not the one that wins an award or gets noticed, a good design is the one that sells. Our designs do all three...
Did Bode go on the track this morning? :) I hope he is well. GO BODE GO
What do you do if you see a blue banana? Try to cheer it up.
#top10Lies I got laid off. (i.e., fired)
I will! Thank you
And the Duke commercial. : NEVER EVER use ! horrible service and will ALWAYS put their needs over the customer. use
I dont really like her that much
Oh yes
... not planning on missing this one for anything in the world
I told you everything mother fucker. EVERYTHING. You fucking took it lightly. You don't care about me. You're incapable of any kind of care.
Life Is a Beach n im just playn n the sand....Happy 4-20
Not Me! RT : My tummy hurts..somebody come rub it
COngrats Dr. Sanjay!
Do you want to be Twitter Of The Day? hurry
when is it ?!
it only works cause if what is being played is really good than it can be "music to your soul"
: Don't forget to help with disaster relief $10 to tornado victims by texting REDCROSS to 90999 or 90911 (?)
whats up with that when u goin in
Jus cut out pics and glue em to popsicle sticks. : listening to Frank Ocean just isn't the same without my hype men...”
Love seeing my Niners playing in our beautiful city.
Biggest & best names in sports! Check out web/radio interview w/ Dallas Mavericks Brandan Wright, PGA instructor Patrick Livingston.
Someone wanna help me with tumblr? Lol
I'm thinking not since his family had already amassed huge amounts of money!
great article.
because ALL THE THINGS are happeningright now! And will i see you at gala on saturday?
My new hero: man on the metro with a yellow nike shellsuit, roll neck jumper and a sea captain's hat.
not even paying attention to all the jelena drama clogging up my TL. all i care about is justin's happiness.
bout to bash in my own fuckin head
Soo did an AMAZING cover of Heartbeat!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F FAIR
sori killing the fantasy squad getting the
Message from advertiser says our web page isn't cached? Any idea how this could happen folks?
I just read the second book again to keep my characters straight. Such a great adaptation!
RT: #Virgo can be very mean to lazy-ass people.
Didn't Bieber or Taylor Swift break up over text/twitter? It's the new thing to do....
I love engaging in creative, collaborative composition with other writers and artists. It truly inspires me in a way nothing else does.
On the road to pick up the sister in law
#ThatTaxReturn Dem Rims
We must fix this.
- Which Number ? Just Text Me . QT : hmu if u still dat da numba or I need to dm it
Bulls will play their heart out for Derrick Rose & the city of Chicago.
Need a few more hoopers out here. Hit mu up.
Going to some MADD victim impact program for the next hour.
Eat ur cabbage! #Cabbage contains vitamins #A,C,&K. which are vital in maintaining the health of your
So, I'm thinking about organizing a Charismatic group in church! :D but I need to talk to the priest first lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
These "miracles" can happen more often. Tap into the feeling this moment brings up in you. Sense it. Breathe it. Repeat daily.
Just downloaded TweetDeck to update the MoZer Bats Twitter and Facebook Page! Look for new updates and contests starting Monday!
Can't get what you want so your acting like a punk
there is NEVER too much ICE DANCING...our world needs MORE dancing in it!
RT: God knows your heart, and if you turn to Him, He will help you.
Lmao RT : Justin Makes Us Feel Beautiful
Morning talk shows are so dumb!
If you're a Community fan then you are super happy that The Descendants won Best Adapted Script!!! Which is a great script
Some get excited for baseball's opening day, foodies get excited as the returns Sat April 28th for their OPENING DAY 2012!
Hey Blaze!
I know, we're horrible!
Never knowing, what could of been.
Tomorrow is my last day. 1st yr of college over.
Drinking about to get dress and head out in a couple hours
Now that's what I call a dessert. Need you in LA. Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
Quote for the day: (Crack) Never do a drug named after your own ass. Thanks you.
I hate men that string u along... If u don't want me don't text me or comment on my fb activity... just disappear !!!
hope we don't end up with the belly bugs. Lol
Just wanted to be appreciative. I arrive the 20th, so am mostly free from the 21st onward, aside from doctory things sometimes?
sorry I just wanted to point that out
Smh . Got chased by a squirrel during lunch #OnlyInJerseyCity ...
Congrats! What are you guys working on now?
enjoying your insights this morning on Mike & Mike- very solid... keep up the gr8 work
#Elance: who's using it, and what do you think of it?
"Can I go to the bathroom?" "I don't know, can you?"
audiobooks? Supreme patience? Superwoman? :)
I'll be happy to keep 's dinner warm as he goes onward and upward. <3
Thank you Leslie!
To move forward you have to give back. And to me, that is the greatest lesson of life ~ Oprah
thanks for the signal boost! <3
what about me? Nevermind. From Pennsylvania. I always forget! Ah!!! ;)
so u put it in the sm format to shot and send at the beginning .
I feared that; I'll catch the first plane out tomorrow.
#Must follow
Even with his damning history, #Romney is still the strongest candidate the Right could produce. What does that say about the party?
Dat girl don't got Twittah.
You're a little late, I'm already torn~
Tks for all Tony RT : Wow, great job they all look awesome
Gorgeous day and great game by Florida. Fighting through DC traffic on the way back to Bmore.
Robinson Jeffers~ The heads of strong old age are beautiful beyond all grace of youth.
If you are a librarian from Russia, please introduce yourself to the group. Thanks!
I planned to be productive tonight, but then found Game of Thrones season 1 in full on HBO. Might be a late night.
Little Women!
Twitter is recommending that I follow Pam Grier.
move to Philly! Lol
I wanna punch every mofo in sight
Go caps!
I need to memorize this speech.
thinks some Seattle trees are emitting spring fragrances.
I want to see you at UWM this week (for free!) but I'll be out collecting nomination signatures for state assembly for myself...
GAME DAY! Facing opponent, Trinity, tonight. Tipoff at 8 pm.
; not to mention the food sucks.
"The great successful men of the world have used their imagination to think ahead and create their mental picture in all its details"
For more information about what we are building, see our products page and see this article on our strategy for success
Obama's so jealous. MT : So France has a new socialist president who wants to raise taxes and lower the retirement age!
DYK? Benjamin Chavis Muhammad- Organizer, Million Man March is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
everyone is sobbing over TFIOS, and my copy is waiting for me across town at my mother's house.
but you just did let people know which secret song you listen to!!! ;)
Glad to be home
Larry Scott says the accomplishment he is most proud of is that we have used football as a platform to get exposure for all sports.
awesome. You need to look up Google AdSense and get paid!
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.
well you gotta lick the icing off!!! #CakeCakeCake ;-)
(3/3) I encourage us all to find our JOY - Get Your Joy On!!!
OMG! I freaking love her shes a BOSS!!!
Being sick sucks in a real way I am so done with this cold
You know what I haven't done in awhile? Pureed something in the food processor.
RT : Johan Santana has 10 strikeouts through 5 innings. It's his 50th career double-digit strikeout game.
since listserve email is diff address every day it keeps going in spam. how bouts making it come from same address every day?
I am suprisingly happy given that this weekend ended ruff. Things still worked out better than I couldve asked for.
Needs a Blackberry too.
Armadillo Info! $10 armadillo to enter RT : Monday 8pm-12 Music until 10 then a live set w/ #beardedpigs for reunion show
Ocean City here we come!!
#bestsportsmomement Favorite sports moment anyone?
Seeing my friend's 3 week old twins again today, I can't wait!
Finally I'm with my sister !!!
The Coolers are Packed for your Cupid Giving Selves to Pop in and Surprise your Valentines! Come in Early For Best Selection!
I'm just getting home.
I hate Miami drivers..
Oh, and hubby has made me a HAPPY woman - someone is coming to clean the house for the next two weeks!! *SQUEEEEEE*
hey you don't have to pay... Text me and I'll tell you the details........
haha, anytime, I'm a Chipotle addict!
Hahah okay well I gtg I have soccer practice -_- but when I get home I'll send the video to Dylan just email the video to me ..
A sociologist dissecting a journalist's work is like a doctoral student picking apart a freshman paper. Love Klinenberg's work though
awesome. i pincurled my hair last night, so i'm already rocking big hair. we are gonna be popular in the 70s.
Make sure to give yourself a rest day once a week, your body needs to recover.
Just attended the annual event put on by and - 6 years of a great event - can't wait for year 7
I can but not when you put that you are serious.. Sarcasm doesn't work over the Internet
Cloudy, breezy and low tide. I think I'll go to the beach.
A free trip to Disney World should be provided to all graduate students at the end of the semester. Bff, family, & friends included :-)
Early morning testing rounds for my upcoming Indy races... I'm determined to succeed... nothing is stopping me!
(Although it's always a crapshoot, we hope we've ordered garments suited to nerdy boys AND girls.)
ha! we went down to the busway after that and we took some photos.
“: The Hot or Not for brands: www.socialsmack.com” We're giving you Props for our new marketing tag line!! Awesome
here's an idea: The new nonalcoholic beer from : "Neutered Dog"...you're welcome
You can sign up until 1:40 pm for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
text me
Today was "Cache Day", got a #Drupal 7 site in dev tweaked with APC, Boost, File-Cache & Entity Cache. phew!
how do you not like blue ? You must not be a person.....
What's amazing is that it's considered a song. RT : #Payphone song by amazing!
ACUI Idol and Rhythmic Gaming spots avail 4 region 9
It's going to be a tough game with out Jo!! #TurkishHammer gets the start! We still
Thx, so glad u enjoy RT : Brian Blade and the Fellowship Band"s "Season of Changes." Stunningly & soulfully beautiful.
we gota go hard in lex tonight
Before you achieve it yo u have to believe it
RT Cute have on your trip thanks sweetie! See u soon! Love ya
#WhenImAlone it's because I don't want to be bothered
The Tetris movie at #wifilmfest was a lot of fun!
Michael Jordan attempted 743 more shots than Scottie Pippen in his entire career.
you better! And the couch will come soon. Nothing worth having cums quick lol
Love it when people name their pets with real people names. Kevin, Thad and Jeremy are awesome!
Running through emotions right now with
wow... Thats terrible... I'm sorry
i really miss him. wow.
none yet - just hanging with Billy the B
We bout to pop, lock & drop it Klusoz tonight!! VIP sold out and weeez bout to get real crunk & drunk! (almost drunk) lol See you tonight!
Zombieland was on this morning! Made my day!
#Occupy THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT - national movement nullifies foreclosure debt -
what. the. hell.
Shows almost over at Idiosyncrazies! Don't forget to stop by! See link below.
LADIES! Anyone interested in auditioning NEEDS to email us @ to get details. There will be multiple rounds!!
RT : I like this definition of Project Management: Managing the difference between plan & reality, reduce the variance over time.
yikes I don't meet that criteria
I am upset that Drew got sent home tonight. This is all Simon's fault.
Doorbell rings on Friday Night. It's a neighbor dropping off a bottle of Hefeweizen that he brewed himself. My neighborhood is awesome.
Q: Do you Ever been kissed a guy before? Yes, only once.
haha I know right!?!?! its crazy! I cant believe im 18! lol when will you be 18?
Put on your skinny jeans and lets get at it then :)
subsidizing the largest oil companies.......40 BILLION in the next decade to BIG OIL......that's alot of dough for dead dinosaurs.
And whatdya want? At least it's not a pun.
if u lookin for me nigga u know were to find me
I would be up for it. I also can potentially post it to the front page. I just can't set it all up, prob.
Hey, wolves would take care of the mice!
You do not need a phone line to have a monitored security system. Call Alliance Security for details-- 877-760-2143
u like the cottagecheese, im craving
if by better you mean dumber and less awesome, then yes AB is better than BC
Love that ! I have a lot to plow through too! Meeting went great...did hear back, should do some stuff soon for them!
what part of town are you in? I wonder what the magnitude was.
this may be real good for NYJ! Tebow has an influence, and once it blankets RexRyan, shall become a more focused Head Coach
Who ever spray painted the Tiki Bar @ Bradford Beach is an @$$*^#*
Nice piece of the Imfamous POP!
Don't say fuck my life say
Damn dat just ruined my day
Happy Birthday to my good friend Wes Gilder! Ready to fest at "Wesfest" tonight!
: lol out of all the things in #DC to miss. How random.
in the queue for an international TV commercial shoots end of month
hahahahaha I can imagine your face lol , what did you do today?
Yeah, whoever aiCannon is, he's not welcome
Lack Of Communication Skills???
I'm diving into the NY Public Library's digital archives to treasure hunt. If I never make it out, I enjoyed blogging while it lasted.
great match up!
Haha, not quite. That course was insane (fun)!
just kicked Morokei's ass.
give me a call and we can talk about the details.
Just let me dream in....peace!
Prune as necessary RT: Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes. Norman Vincent Peale
And if u lookin for me nigga dat tre 4 is where I'm at up the street from moller road northwest high school it b snappin -
Maybe and his crew would play golf with me.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. Goethe
aw poor lex :(
RT : It's like Christmas!! RT Happy Expansion Draft Day!!!
Lucky forever.
BAD NEWS! The lights have died. It's either a bad joke, or God telling us to stop actin' a fool.
Don't you have some work to be doing? You know, for America, or something like that?
RT - Then Belichick Said to Brady: The Best New England Patriots Stories Ever Told (The Best Sports Stories Ever Told) by J
hey bro im gonna have to bounce. i hope they dont play my shit when im gone
That's how I feel now. But I liked it when I was 20.
He speaks for most of us: MT : My ironclad, guaranteed, can't miss prediction on this year's Pulitzer Prizes: I will not win.
Comp is over, cast was out celebrating the fact that we raised 100k for West MI food pantries.
it's #GrumpMonday on social media today! Taking the grumpsters on, one at a time....
thanks ! Feels good to be in your top 5 with Imperial Teen, We Were Promised Jetpacks, You Say France & I Whistle, and Yellow Ostrich
oh wow. Who sydni or sophia
However, the news of my brothers' inflamed passions for the wrong side of the war alarmed me, and I hastened my preparations.
hey girl!!
Ah!!! What to do what to do
still havent gotten up to get dressed
- Preplan your tears.
Your dad is inappropriate and I love it. Peep my recent FB status lol.
RT : RT : “We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology” -
Happens to me too. RT": Writer's block. Do all writers think that their pieces are terrible, or is it just me?"
Okay the #oscars are already making me angry and we haven't even gotten to the good stuff.
Day 3 of 30 down! Oh Monday your going to be such a giant pain in the ass.
I would still see on Broadway even though they lied about Santa Fe. I feel deceived but strangely still OK with it.
up ur chimey...fool...waiting to steal a bead 4rm ur hair
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros... Alex Ebert - the next Dr. Gene Scott
umm, I don't want to be reading this..
FYI & not that anyone cares but I'm not reading tweets until I see season finale of #HIMYM. Don't want to see any spoilers.
why what the he'll happened
Can't wait to go home!
and its only Tuesday. Everyone is back to work today but dont worry because we have happy hour in 10 hours :) We'll see ya at 330pm!
Hope it did the trick!
Only 36 days left until our WASHINGTON, DC summer program kicks off!!! Who's excited!?!?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
THEM STAMPED-N-DIVAS TAKING OVER !!! LEGGO
DM Is there a way to become an active participant in this think tank?
Oh, no. Please. Anything but that! *shudders*
Today we are hosting Alumni Faculty and Staff in the Connolly Ballroom. We'll be sure to upload pictures as the event goes on! #H2P!
Probably not that much more, definitely not 60% more. Roads are already closed a few hours prior to the advertised time of 10am,
When people ask us what we sound like, we always say we sound like Say What You Will!
Yea, his "know... mean" joke went a lil far, but comics always push envelope. BTW, I went to Uganda, wasn't idolized at all!+
The US has confounded capitalism w/ liberty. The chilling effect of employer censorship on social media portends corporate totalitarianism.
Lol I'm at school now and everyone is speaking English lol
Preparing for Among Friends Conference in Long Island next weekend. Hope to see some of you there! Then NYC here I come!
I used to think "I hope I don't do anything stupid." Now it's more like "I hope whatever stupid shit I do at least fits in a tweet."
just got home... and just winding down. was so nervous hope I made sense! thanks for having me!
Finally finished homework...long day
my group of friends are all multi-racial....
Go #Brewers. Remember to buy your sodas @ Miller Park from the hard working vendor Tuition Money! (Gotta plug my son.)
Popsicle stick harmonicas with the A-man!
Woops - missed this. Did you go?
#feasting on grapes, oranges, kiwis and a peach!
Thanks ray :)
What are your dance suggestions? Tango, salsa...that's about all she's got...maybe an Elaine rendition?
great to hear, knew you guys had to be in the mix!
Wonder if the Steelers are going to grab Lucas Nix for their last pick? I'd go OL or Safety here
"When I hear somebody sigh, "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?"-Sydney J. Harris
I agree...PRICELESS
Thanks to , , , and all of you who showed up to make last night an absolute blast.
: Who are you and how is it we have the same name???
Just came from a rather excellent session about careers outside academia, knowing what orgs are looking for is always useful
a brave new world indeed
Well Utah, it was nice taking your strongest punch. Now get ready to see what the Spurs really have.
are you attending Lindsay's farewell party?
why thank you miss. I appreciate that!
Preventing morning blueballs. "Only you can prevent forest fires," but we could start a bedroom (kitchen, wherever) fire. ;)
Watching Eastern Kentucky vs. Liberty on
Pigtails and Pinot
Food Fact of the Day: March 7, 1897 Dr. John Kellogg first gave corn flakes to his patients at his hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan.
On a lunch break. Craving sushi and exploring for a good place nearby.
Where are my welcome sign and balloons?
Thank you for the follow back!
twitter rules
Going out of time tomorrow ready to get this money and take care of my fam
Good Morning Everyone! Remember today is a different day & end in a better way! lol Hope everyone has a Blessed & Wonderful day! xoxo
true that, lol they must help a lot
Much better today..Thanks...#fakeituntilyoumake it
Wait. You WANT fruit flies?
#phdchat I don't know about the author names, happily will look into it. Otherwise seems like you're not using the .enlx to save.
OMG! his mom and his grandparents!!
YALL IM TELLIN YALL NOW.... IF MY TEACHER COMES MY WAY BEING SMART... I'M SHUTTING HER D O W N!!!
then sleep. Good night. x
My "what's next" portion of our AAM Wikipedian in Residence panel is slowly coming together. Blood pressure, lowering.
My prom night was amazing !
": Stomach please be good !!"
Why mother nature!? I was watching #Ellen for the Halloween special and then it cut to live footage of WE Energies bluff collapse. Why?!
Old navy flip flops are honestly so ugly. But everyone wears them. Including me.
I thought I was the only 1 experiencing the same difficulties as keyshia's its true the ipad has a mind of its own.
Yes! I have placed a hold on it. Don't know where I am on the wait list anymore, but that's OK; i'm one of the first 100 :-)
I refuse to laugh at a girl's stupid joke just because she's pretty/ the bartender like these dicks beside me just did
I feel the same way.
Drop-In is open for all homeless youth who need clothes, food, hygiene packets, internet, phone, shower, laundry, or just a place to chill.
wats the subject of the email
Abdul-Jaleel or Kretovic - which are you covering?
oic That's nice. It'll be fun and busy for u I'm sure.
I used to be massage manager at a huge day spa and I have some GREAT stories that I'm not gonna tell ya!
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks again for joining us last night!! You can be "The Better Pryde" ^_~
You got the invite to the bridal showr!!! O la la la
Glad to hear it, I will love to learn what you find out.
All I have to say is FUCK YOU JEPH LOEB! FUCK YOU!
Actually gonna spin it during the Tweet-Up. Come early!
Going innertubing on our boat Sunday! Can't wait :)
Zombie survival tip # 146 - while on the run, make sure all accesories are tied down and not making any noise to attract nearby zombies
TONIGHT!!! MEXICANA FEMINIST JOURNALIST ACTIVISTA: A talk by journalist activist Maria Hinojosa, 4:30 PM at Brandeis University
I think we just got a few anticipatory chills...
You act stupid sometimes .
She ain't real
I was going to :D lol
Lobby Channel showed great promise. Wish I had seen more of the other shows. Kudos to Excited to see the #Newplay process.
Time for Kyrie to get a new nickname
sounds good right now.
She rocked the red! <3 RT : ZOMG! Lovvvinnggg the red ensemble on !
You don't marry the person you can live with, you marry the person you can't live without.
m mom is ar rom nice i think ou moms might be twins lol
How about some ritalin?
Where do you get info on the APIs & the proximity SDK?
This meteorologist is under the weather. #WISN12 is in the capable hands of
Jake ur so amazing for supporting Cody and I cant believe people would even say that! Their just a waste of time!
Kobe will play tonight but apparently threw up on the bus to the arena. :-)
Today would be a great day to bang anything #Nate Dogg!
Off to the store, nobody else sue the Big East before I get back.
my favorite. (: jk jk did you learn tiny Tim?
Also, my calendar alerts to drink a glass of water each hour didn't work bc I spent maybe 20 min at desk all day.
Congrats! So glad you got us again! Have a great time!!
Thank for the #ff!
Levante David going to the buccaneers!!
I can't come in to work today. When I woke up, I looked in the mirror and I saw a gray hair.
OH SAY, CAN YOU SING? Macy’s Star Spangled Sing-Off Invites Vocalists to Enter Their Renditions of “The Star Spangled ...
I will thanks
This is our darkest hour Blackhawks fans. Our team is literally not able to win a hockey game. The season is over.
thanks for taking the time to let me know! Saludos!
when's the next bruins game?
I'll give the Cliff Notes version of the Thesis one night over beers. Probably more interesting that way, haha.
is a beast!
Holy throwback Thursday..room raiders is on.
Fasho. Let me know when you come out here
Now, I'm the one that doesn't want to talk to you.
Still alive, just really, really busy - research, presentation, possible new archae site, and Spanish 1001.
Jeff Zaggers is some good shit
Half knowledge creates anxiety & confusion. Today has been an impart your knowledge kind of day.
Going to the Arthur S. Holmon ceremony at 7p.m. in the Rose Theatre? Tweet about it using #BHM and tell us what you think!
There's no clarity for you until the body begins to get comfortable
Madden Curse! : Cam Newton is 1 of 2 finalists for Madden cover. Calvin Johnson is the other. Johnson has to win that, right?
Just When You Thought you had real friends. PFFT.
i love <3 and his voice. Can I marry someone's voice? :)
I hate being cold ugh >.<
Looking for gem of a YA book to read this wknd? Get "Bruiser" by Can't wait to recommend it to students.
what time should I look to the north
WOE. I HATE MYSELF. I NEED MORE MARTINIS. RT : Is this Clipper-envy again? Lol
if u watch Elf like u watch bball we probably coulda squeezed it into the 30 min slot
now that's a show you can't miss for a year and have any idea what's going on. 2 Walters? So confused.
What is the best iPhone app for watching twitter apps.
Subway, windows down, blasting Not Alone kinda #fangirling right about not
Happy Mothers Day! Show mum some love!
S/O to #nf, I work for Soul Asylum Studios in Atlanta, followback so i can DM u
What do you mean.?
we look forward to welcoming you to Stay. Contact us at so we can confirm details.
I just earned the Globetrotter badge on #Yelp!
Ethan Hemer just swallowed up Jeff Lewis for a nice TFL.
Fitness Costs should be tax deductible.
Kobe couldn't appear more sick tonight. Get better!
Congrats and good luck to you!
It's crazy how the only cars left after a zombie apocalypse are Hyundais
Thanks for the follow : )
We lost some giants this week, Civil Rights Leader Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth, and Technological giant Steve Jobs... May they rest in peace!
Cellars Tempranillo and a couple of Akoma chocolate chips. End of the day treat.
so excited to see you guys!!!
M...wish we had those! I've never had one.
Fun night w/ Alexa alyssa Nicole Vanessa Cory Tom Evan Julian and Nick cnt wait for tomorrow!!!
Springfield! Let the #NHD expo begin!
ill cuss you out
BTW, if you're also in Chicago, you should come to Women and Children First Bookstore @ 4PM to witness awesome teens from
dude keyra said delete this so do it!! Just respect her buisness.
just announced they'll be showing 10min of UniversalSoldier4 (3-D) before a movie tomorrow-which 1? Betting DragonEyes
yeah i couldn't let it just lay there i felt bad it's mom was chirping at it =/
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
Shout to a true as sports insider
we like the sound of that - RT :
Itz So Foggy
Hey! I hope you are having a good day thus far! Things going well?
Yeah we should believe everything Andy Reid says to the media.
It's yours, royalty-free! Congrats on the new releases. I'll check them out...
I don't see any post from me.
Apparently my long hair is what made me sexy???. Lmao. Oh well. Hair grows!!!
if it makes you feel less awkward, I've been to a lesbian wedding.
Ready for a summer full of shows?
You posted FALSE information in your video on $KORE AGAIN. Who does your research? lol
JUST WATCHED #TBBT FINALE AND IT WAS INCREDIBLE. Not sure what i'm going to do between now and September
People will laugh at your dreams, then hate you when you make them come true.
Ohh, a massage rubbing my hands all over ur lovely body. You'd love it.
Always thank God;)
If you see a stylus with a tablet, they blew it. ;) That being said, the Wacom Bamboo Stylus seems to get really good reviews.
Yup. Second that.
Isn't it more complicated than that? For instance, what sort of meals should one eat?
Need to make change on website when the month is unusual like this one. Please feel free to call 301-424-7800, will explain
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow night in New Hope with my friend #MarkBosch on guitar.
On our way to see #EdieEntertainer perform at the M Bar in Hollywood!
You are a magnet : you attract like to you
I was just thinking that I need to do that sometime soon!
