Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Dan, on the surface, that makes sense, but I think there's a disconnect for some 18/19 yr olds taking out those loans.
yeah but you can!
Questions I ponder: Why did Jay-z change his flow from the one he had in the 90's???
Top Spots For Kosher Food In Philadelphia
Who remembers when Adele wasn't played on the radio every other song?
I'm starting to wrk at this new spot called Townhouse Kitchen in Fells... Brand new, hasnt opened yet.
I might say fuck work and spend the day in the shop
Thank you Denny, enjyou yours also!
I'm so bored i needa go for a walk.
About to watch how the grinch stole Christmas on ABC!
Calling all my friends that live in SD or Houston. Contact me for reservations at or You must try it!
Justin granted the most Make-A-Wishes last year & asked for no cameras while doing so. Shows that he does it from the HEART & not for show.
thank you for following .
*listens... I know u ain't playin in that toilet
Thanks, Claire. We'll miss you!
Getting completely soaked by the rain...
I ain't never solved for x, motherfuckers!
Nice! So how'd the short-film scripts come about? Are we gonna film them?!
DJ...thanks for the wishes! We are receiving much needed rain...grateful! BIG HUG :)
Hello I wanted to submit to you project for models. Is there a email or only on AA?
sleep mode
What would St. Francis say? "Franciscan University Drops Entire Student Health Insurance Plan Over Birth Control Mandate"
sigh. The more I see this, the more I think I need it ...
even tho 50 and Ja will never be friends they both got the same friends its not about beef its about money
ART BOOK?? Very excited about that. Also, I would chronicle all the awesome tour pics & make photo book if I were u :)
Our new songs are in Nashville being mixed by right now! Getting pumped for this!
My knees are killing me from putting in dance floor S/O to 4 convincing me to wrk on labor day
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
Educational content and data must be interoperable, across devices #srebsym Federal $ will encourage this.
This just in! Thomas Street Bistro will be having $9.99 entrées with free soup until 8pm today! Keep posted and thanks!
RT : Swimmers, paddlers, boaters, & floaters: WA waters are cold & dangerous. Wear a life jacket to avoid tragedy....
idgaf what people say I think kissy faces are cute 💋
Orson Welles~ When you are down and out something always turns up-and it is usually the noses of your friends.
ah so true! Enjoy ur weekend :)
Save money and Make money with Forever Lliving! I'll show you how!
We believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of chocolate. Treats from across America: 2 Chicks, Jers, MarieBelle, NibMor & Toffee Taboo.
I am just way too geeked to get my tatoo for my birthday!!! I am obsessing! 16 Days
Thinking about GOP politics & my Catholic school upbringing. In many ways, the GOP & the Church do share a belief in second class womanhood.
Schlereth "I don't think any of you have seen me pitch this way, this is the first time really that I have dealt w/ a struggle like this"
: Wed, Broadripple (the one downtown is useless)=>mix 50 cent beaver beer night with open mic karaoke and you should be all set.
Hey had dinner at Wunderbar, delicious!
: We're holding you to that parade promise, Josh..just sayin ;)
Stop in for an amazing wine flight today!
Looking for love in all the wrong places? Find your perfect match at Mingle with Our Mutts tomorrow at the new Franklin County Dog...
I'm sure that's a pleasant fiction for you.
Ah..cool.
He is the best.
I CANT SEE!
Unlike ND, OU fans don't need to beg. The players that choose to come to OU do so because they know they'll develop and win
What a day!! Two New Projects and Auditions. I love it!!!! Details to come.
A gift that keeps giving! RT fav holiday movie = Raiders of Lost Ark. Got the DVDs as a gift and watch every xmas
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
WHAT’S HIDDEN IN YOUR FOOD? See the disgusting ‘all natural’ ingredients that manufacturers are (FDA allowable) putting in your foods witho…
I can load MBTiles I create in TileMill to Fulcrum for field data collection!
I put this in my psych final under graduation
Nope but I like to support them!
lmaooo B-) yess. Heating fixed in ya car now?!
I'm listening to an archived web-based workshop on the Ethics of Collection Development.
From Vince (9:14pm): showers now developing over Dodge Co., lifting northeast. A few t-storms NW of Madison, non-svr.
someday you'll get there ;)
You remind me of my chinese friend... Ug Lee.
I think you can totally get 50 and 50 this year. I'll be cheering for you.
I keep hearing that!! Oh and it wasn't that expensive it was bout what I expected to pay!!
Hey handsome! 228 followers and counting for followers by March 11 Gala for
#KwikTrip stores are better than #Pilot Travel Centers. Why? #KwikTrip has orange juice in a bag. #Challenge me?
I dont know why u keep becoming unfollowed, I've never unfollowed anyone!
She said I love this song.. I heard it before, it stole my heart.
Don't you dare take Miles. You can take my children, but you leave me my monkey.
Made it through another good busy day at work not bad peeps thats how i roll man
S/O to a friend
About to shut off the phone and turn off the lights to watch
I am the happiest person alive right
As today ends, we remember victims of Los Angeles riots that began 20 years ago. 54 lives lost, thousands of Korean American stores burnt.
I think we might have CAUSED it! Oops! ;)
In fixing glitch in my blog, reminded that my most useful grad school course-> HTML design. Practical tech skills are IMPT for our students
Here's to the speediest new #Eng9 student! Welcome to English 9!
“: Unbelievable finish by ManCity. From chokers to champions in about 3 minutes.” a soccer fan?
I don't think a "free market" can exist, as long as class antagonisms exist. What is needed is worker control.
Haters Are My Motivators And You Are One Of Them!.
isnt that wht librarians have proven we do well? We integrate research etc. Tech integrators should learn from libs like u.
Haven't been on here in FOREVER! Feels good to be back!
Ugh thia is pissing me off
You throw around terms like "freedom" and "liberty", it's all for the elite and corporations, nothing for the people.
Avoiding the #MKE St. Patrick's Day parade by spending my morning at the barn. Maybe next yr I'll get more involved.
#IPredictDetroit will become the industrious successful state it once was, and small business owners will lead the way for Detroit Growth.
:) I know you love it---I know you do lmao
wow dude i really like your hair
im cold as shit and i gotta do this dumbass english hw
I'll be posting about one link a day here & anything I found out about H1N1 vaccinations in particular
good news - out of rehearsal early! bad news - more hours spent in the library.
StonenArch has some great books that my kids enjoy, esp my reluctant readers.
Don't let the rain scare you, come and enjoy the #firestonedistrict tonite. Get ur drinks & open til 3
Good morning University of Wisconsin! Ashleigh Ashton on deck!
Just another day at the office...
I'm proud of the strong, independent people I learned from. RT Pretty hilarious punk/feminista/zine influences I pegged first glance
Great reporting for Hang in there.
If you could get anything delivered to you today for breakfast (or a snack), what would it be?
We'll plot an evening sometime soon, then!
Jon Hamm was a revelation...
. while watching Shepard fight Wraith in SGA S01E03: "Know what they need? Grenades."
Question on the floor: disconnect between administration and communities - incl. heads of agencies, employes
Getting ready to go out with mum 
Those nights that just aren't what you thought they would be....
so happy you are tweeting! tweet it up girl! im vicariously attending thru u. :)
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!! :)
New video in just days! :) xx
Didn't see LL on SNL but heard she looked nervous, too bad really hope she turns her life around, wish last night was the start
Do you have a recommendation for a tax advisor who specializes in freelancers in SF? Looking for one.
When will WE CHANGE??
The real world currently doesnt exist. #dungeonsanddragons I give no fucks. :)
At #MLA panel on digital libraries, describes Google Books alternative Digital Public Library of America, coming ~ April 2013
yes of course! i saw blink last summer and it was such a good concert. their new stuff is great but the old stuff is just amazing
uh oh in trouble 5 more LIKES needed to hit 200! Wife is jumping up and down though!
More teen murders posted on teenkillers.com. Working on a book for teens that will help them change their lives and impact their schools!
What!!! I can not believe this -__- and her partner were way better than the other couples in the bottom 3 !!
When I'm texting a dude and I giggle uncontrollably that's when I know I'm in trouble. Yikes.
Last refuge of a scoundrel!!!!!!!!!! Mr. Moose!
Love that song! :)
I Love MB Song Hello
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
Had a fantastic time at the YP Leadership Gala! Thanks for another great #ypweek event!
That awkward moment when you push when it says pull...
At SeaWorld 🐳 shooting a commercial! Good times :)
We're trying to find a good PR consultant. Anyone know anyone?
Looking for a new outfit. Want to try out something unusual.
San Francisco is expensive but everybody seems to get along there
thank you! Where are you going? Are you interning at any firms??
i wish you the best, iguess
*i see what you did there :) thank you :)
Having a deep conversation with Leyna. Gotta love that girl.
Gilbert looking cooked again
RT this if you have a crush on Greg Mahoney <3
the t-shirt design for our charity event is just about finished! you're all going to love it!
Don't compare yourself with anyone, if you do you are insulting yourself.
we need to start an international parking meter revolution.
A happy marriage is not a vaccine against infidelity.
Sitting at the quiet children's desk. Just picked up my Harry Potter....maybe I can read it a bit on work time? I mean, if it's quiet....
just got a request for some #ToBeTriumphant Shirts from my man in Dallas. Less than 2 weeks and we already caught a buzz
Get sat on by Carlos Lee
well you need to step up your Bff-ness cuz you've never told me what secrets are which
Next time you're here, give us a little notice and we'll plan something!
Trying to decide what color I paint my nails is constantly a problem
And he can also make gravity go backwards. It's called THROWING!
Student : " do you have the windows that make it look darker than it is?" Teacher : "their called tinted!!" #LMFAO!
A delight, a wit, and a charmer:
yeaa... tht was me back in the 5th grade. and then i was like, fuck this, im not dealing with this anymore. so i got over it
Northern Logistic Property ASA : NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
my girlfriend's mom is starting to teach at one of these programs next month. Not sure if this is the one.
aw shucks
would love to go, by I'm unfortunately not available that day at all.
This RT : Globe Patriots blog: Tom Brady: 'I sucked pretty bad today, but our defense saved us'
There's only one thing left to do!
My favorite is Green Tea, I'm considering Black and Oolong. What is your favorite and how long have you been drinking it?
Enjoyed this lovely day with my dudes...Drew and Mak <3...now time to unwind....back on my grind starting tomorrow :)
Is there a name for the phenomena in which you are all encompassed by a thought and spend so much time considering nothing else..
I remember the day I discovered Austin I was beyond bored on YouTube and I was just clicking random videos then Austin popped up
How much of a certain coffee has to be included in a pound for it's name to be listed as part of a "Blend"?
Subsequent discussion assumed discipline-specific directions (history).
I'm at the ethics workshop at day 2 of the Science Writing in the Age of Denial conference
God has a very dry sense of humor.....good, but dry.
ah, ok. well, next time when you're in town.
Was trying to see if we could shoot a vid with you on a motorcycle... Hey, wanna shoot on Sunday morning?
Good morning!!(:(:
we have a organization we want to help an have been talking just have not done anything with it. Let's talk next week
Hi Erin! Saw your tweet about Just checking in—have you connected with anyone on our team yet?
I am a junior now...I truly feel like I just started, so that is weird to say. Sounds good though!
its just a small post bottom right
does really follow you?
It was awesome to see give the streaker a pat on the back last after the cops cuffed him.
Love Footloose! The original, of course!
Oak Brook store 632. You?
Got a bachelor party? Go to www.scoresluda.com and get free admission for your whole party.
Hanging out at #radioroom for #lastthursday. Anyone else? (via )
I've had 3 neighbors come by & introduce themselves since we moved in. Never once has this happened anywhere else I have lived. Vashon wins.
RT : Tryina get this RAM carnaval song over to Radio Guinen in about 20 minutes
is the the best! Follow them because they #followback #instantfollow #TeamFollowback #FF Have a great day!
REVO San Diego in 4 days!
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies. ~Mother Teresa of Calcutta via
Nudity is the best policy.
When I get home I am most definitely
": Oh, man. I hope this girl on the shuttle makes her flight! She's freaking out!" I hate that.
I can't wait to get married because it's like a sleepover every night with your bestfriend.
#nsta12 a good dinner recommendation?
That phone call woke me up
Erik just called Vance a pregnant super hero lmao
My knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil.
dramas everywhere though:p hopefully I'll be back in the summer!
Watch Need to Know on WXXI today at 12:30 p.m. Prof. Mitch Messina talks about Enlightened Earth, currently in the Arts Center Gallery.
MusInk was Great! We were booked for the whole weekend.Thanks to Hooligan inc & Matt Murphy
happens to us all! 👌 (maybe not for tweeting but it happens) lol
iPad better at gaming that consoles? That's just silly. Apple has quite a hype machine, thanks to all the fanboys
Therefore, while opening a clothing boutique, these are some great tactics which could lead you to be the best in the boutique market
Here's a funny joke if you want to here the hole thing you have to tweet ok here it is. What did the ghost say to the bee?
lol no I'm not!
Dear Susan G. Komen: I'd advise you to check yourself before you wreck yourself, but it looks like the wrecking's already begun.
Barcelona o Madrid?
It holds make up , meds (or drugs) , and it has a USB Flash Drive in it! It's so beautiful!
Information overload is costing me $10,215 to $14,301 per year
Beautiful Mother´s Day in Guadalajara with my 88 yr old grandma and mom... visited every country club here, time to head back to sweet SD!
Good night tweeps 👋
What a goon. RT : Vitale being gutless again.
Interesting! MT A2: Most pirated books r scans of print, not DRM-cracked ebooks. eREADERS made piracy more common.
THE VIDEO WILL BE UP VERY SON!(:
Lol copy and paste remember xD
yeah(: I love how we're texting and tweeting each other at the same time :p
and I need a bay area trip soon anyway. When is good for you?
don't do it!
For golf performance tweets follow , for boxing performance tweets follow
For me Reruns Of #MelrosePlace For Me Thank You Very Much
Just listened to the the book of Mormon broadway soundtrack for the first time
The Red Sox finding new ways to lose every game is spectacular. Movie Quality losses. I only stick around for Pedroia
some of our featured artists to name a few
if u havent already followed u need to :) GROWN AND SEXY only <3
No more numbers please!(: Hope everyone liked their results!
I get to see you today. I think I might cry. This can't be happening. <3
2 sick hits!
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same
hi jessica..gudluck on ur singing career..we filipinos are very proud of u:)
im not watching the game btw
After a bottle of vino all commercials seem funnier
#eportfolio working on the reflective essay... ....yeah... just feel like I'm babbling at this point...
get outta here drunk ass 😜
'treat it like a stock certificate'
OMG UR SO CUTE U SHOULD BE A MODEL!:)PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I've been researching wedding & event planning blogs all week for a client. Talk about a major distraction!
So tired,g nite talk to u guys 2morrow!cant wait haha;)
Glad u enjoyed! RT : Great burgers at in DC. Casual, crowded and fun...
Game on in Chicago!
that's a terrible job hyun. It's a NYC thang today so fuck Boston!!!!!!!
I agree, I am cool sitting here. #Whatline?
great finding you guys again it's been awhile i heard your podcasts keep up the great work!
I feed my fur babies Natural Balance because Leandre is allergic to chicken
preach it!!
Who wants to go get a burrito?!
make up your darn mind! Lol
thank you Lois Lane btw ha how does it feel to be a superhero?
I've heard that way of talking B4. I don't understand it.You'll make more $ & support urself therefore don't need stamps.
can you lease tell them 2 follow me please?
SEE YOU IN 5 HOURS
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, (AASHRM) at Anne Arundel Co. Public Schools Offices
#thaiFood... Not too sure
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
#robertsgirl......all the way....the biggest
So excited for this weekend in #Seattle! Yay!
I'm totally going to install a trap door in my living room for my annoying family members, ya heard??
Thank you! RT : Big shout out to - They do a GREAT job of getting us news & info about your favourite artists/bands!
Not a galley, but curious: Has there been demand from library customers for the Nicholson Baker HOUSE OF HOLES? We did not select it.
You know, Mr , you probably don't do your "no war on women" argument favors by referring to a female writer as an "authorette"
Thank you love!! :)
The ego resists the Soul's purpose.
Thanks to Paulie's Pub for a fun show tonight ! And thanks to all who came out !
I love asking immigrants what language they dream in. Most of the time they've never thought about it. Lots tell me it switched to English.
Needs more cowbell.
TGIF! What a week. Summer in February, start of Rodeo, a major luncheon, a trip to Dallas but I'm still standing.
i'm in insanely jealous
just followed all my followers back <3
we hope you enjoyed our Easter Brunch!!
sorry u didn't make it by. We are closed Sunday but open every other say. See u soon :)
The Raptors will exercise the third-year option on coach Dwane Casey's contract.
my bro is rack vader
“: "Kancho" is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.” ok
Finally getting to watch Mirza. You're brilliant in it. Well played character. You've rocked every role you've played so far.
yes they are
“ #1: Woman shouldn't be allowed to play golf on weekends. I'm not sexist, but they're just too fucking slow.”
We'll be at the UMJC TWENTIES conference in Chicago! If you have question about MJTI, feel free to ask Rabbi Joshua Brumbach.
Talking about the weekend with my co-workers makes me want to go back >>>
As for fans, we really don't watch it, care about it, or want it.
Good morning! I have arisen, almost as a new woman. Praise God for this good day.
Text smileys start to look creepy if you stare at them. :) :) :) :) :) :)
MDC not very mobile friendly either...have stupid splash page. MDC has PDF but only shows/prints small bits not whole chapts.
I love my God!
I was just saying Vic talking to bluegal- I added a K - because I know like 3 vicks and most have a K on it-sorry.
1 hour left to RT our previous tweet. Auntie Em is feeling extra generous today so she's going to toss in 2 pints of custard to the winner!
We have awesome cupcakes!!! Moist vanilla and chocolate cupcakes decorated with butter cream! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Haha, why thank you miss ;) All thanks to you. I hate that you're not working tonight =/
Dick Clark is dead.... Seacrest still alive.
anyone selling tickets?
NFL draftin.. Dos Equis sippin... Big screen watching... Now everybody shut the hell up so I can hear!!!! #noisychicks🐮💩
": Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we are here we might as well dance! #MarilynMonroeID"
I'm all for michael vick playing in the nfl, as long as the league can drown him in a bucket of water when he loses a few games.
LOL, I think I need to go for a hike in Palmer park?
Have you been to yet ?
RT Every woman prefers belief to the exercise of judgment
You need a guard who can match Parker (check) a big who can defend (check) and a deep bench (check).
My niggaaa <3 I still miss you . Im coming over this weekendd hoee .
I think Mark need to go beat up my 2 guys?... what do u think Mark
Oh - who are you fooling. You don't find a father for your child drunk in a hot tub. #bachelorette Am I right,
I got a lot of new shirts today! :)
Done! Thank you & hope to see you soon.
I am extremely freaked out right now
New updates coming soon! Keep your eyes out for pictures of where our Gala event will be taking place.
Safe travels - see you soon!
That's so wong.
"Only thing that's important is, uhh, playing basketball & umm reppin' my hood..."
my nigga Wade : )
Sweet! I'm brining and
This is so exciting! Best of luck to you!
Got 1Q84 in the mail from Amazon yesterday. Now if I only had time to read, it wouldn't sit on a shelf for three years
yup! Turn off every time.
You should smile at the people that want to put you down, they will want to be your friends after that.
If Blackmon falls to the #bills at 10, I will poop myself. No joke, lose bodily function shit my pants in excitement
Jan 2k12 prices will be made to fit all budgets. If u need quality music for ur project contact us 496.254.7890 or
LET'S GO ORANGE!
did you get the $70 straightened away?
ME TOO!
Hey thank U 4Ur #4sq check-in at hope U enjoyed your free happy hour drink in Coral Gables & C U nxt Wed
Can't even begin to describe my experience watching Sleep No More. Go see it! Wonderful.
Did you know that you can add up to 4 people to your CCS account? You could pay as little as $2/mo (ShareLocal). Share the love (and fees).
OMG!! #Revenge is so good!!
D'aw Thanks Macy:)!! I'm not sure. Probably this summer!
Brian Dennehy's Iceman understudy is an American hero.
4... Guys that have S.W.A.G. lol c:
Anyone know of cheap framing in the DC area? I
let us know what you get if you get a sewing machine. I'm living vicariously right now.
nice quote :)
#15PeopleILove #1 God. He's always been there for me, will never leave me, protects me, saved me. I love Him and always will.
#msnbc Does Rick Santorum's wife put an aspirin between her legs? No more children, no sex, right? Does he practice what he preaches?
i was starting to fall asleep so i turned a baseball game on... that's saying a lot
That's great! I can see you've become quite successful thus far. :)
Icarly. I watch that
You made me laugh tonight in 's Romeo & Juliet. Well done!
Devel's Advocate
Our electric vehicles on every block absolutely get the “stare factor” your brand requires. Contact us for flexible AdSpace and promotions.
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
Thanks! Wish you were here.
Emergency companies work best for business owners and their visitors - Google Places connects to immediate help when needed!
The fit works for me which makes all the difference in the world, as you know. Still waiting for my shirt. =)
Can you blame her
He used the word "shirk". Lovin #POTUS #vocab this time around.
hahha dayum.. Where and when is best? I only have tomorrow and Friday to do it -_-
Shout out to the new followers
RT I'm sarcastic and honest, so #ireallywant you to NOT get all worked up when I speak
Norquist has "No Tax Pledge" that pols sign. I advise #OWS start a "No Meeting With Corp Lobbyists Pledge" & get pols 2 sign
don't you (being the stewards of the 99%) want to see his taxes as well? Transparency is optimal; no?
I'm assuming your home by this picture? Lol
Omfg fuck off your being a jealous little bitch leave Naya alone she's wonderful and beautiful and she can sing..amazingly!
is home in the #Burgh finally! But sans my backpack (aka my whole life at the moment)
Well I assure u that that's not me, but if u want I can come over & howl back! The Monsta will scare those coyotes away! lol
2 assist with the growth or return Vitamins E+B6+ Amino Acids, Biotin 5000mg that prevent hair loss & it reinforce the hair resistance
hey bro hey
alright! Thanks! (:
#neverapologizefor saying what you feel :)
Max: Sick but hysterical.
I see still has their holiday decorations up. And it starts to make more sense when you see they're in Gainesville, FL.
Carmelo must be mad that the name Fab Melo is already taken and that it is someone's actual name.
if your boyfriend / girlfriend doesn't have a twitter, that doesn't mean act an ass on twitter ! you niggas ain't loyal !
You wanted more coverage and you're gonna get it as will be chatting with about his upcoming fight!
in the prescriptive sense, yes. But I found in my college linguistics classes that they are sometimes appropriate.
and do what
There you are on CBS, Rex Parker. I'll see you tomorrow when I do the NYT's crossword. Been seeing every Sunday for years.
Yeah the directing really made it
Please say some prayers today for a good friend who broke his back in a rappelling accident, having surgery today
lol I heard everyone is leaving?!
shout out to frat Adam Gettis as he prepare to get drafted in to the NFL tonight
Check out #TACTor Delphi Harrington in YEAR OF THE ROOSTER at EST Youngblood
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online.
T.G.I.F. tweets, Have a Packtastic weekend
Ima go too sleep now ^.^
<3 (yeah I thought that too)
RT we're working finalizing date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC. Look for an announcement in next week or two
what!?! You must teach me!
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if I can answer any questions.
I'm gunna love you like i've never been broken. I'm gunna say it like it's never been spoken<3
Have you ever had the older people in class ask really dumb questions?
Weird AND PRETTY DAMN COOL!!!!
my last tweet goes out to you.. youre always the one that looks homeless!
gahhh, it's so beautiful!!
101 and climbing in Lubbock. I am not going outside anymore today.
Come on out and let us see your costume! We are freak friendly! Kick back and enjoy $5 Pinnacle Martinis and $5 House Mooritas...
pshhh...can't even give me a reason to do it ;P
oh okay. I guess I asked cause of the mickey stuff lol. But I hope all is well with you sir :-)
are you leaving soon? :(
Sweet! One visitor down...
Amen! ...dodged a bullet there!
“: “: Jimmy Fallon or Jimmy Kimmel?” I like 'em both.” what about Conan!?
No doubt thank you guy's for having me.... I had a great time & everyone was super talented!!
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss ppl ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me ~Philippians 4:13
apprecitecha .. :) how r u
Oh and paying bills , helping my mommy get past the struggle and hard times .
At "Someone Else's Bar" in Castle Shannon. They have candy in mason jars at each table. How fun!
yeah I figured why not. how many tickets did you guys get total?
I want a whopper
Off to the gym, then to Brooklyn for some voice overs, then to the city for an open call. Everyone have a wonderful weekend!
Finally, phone and iPod back! :D
Going to. Be at yorkville high school today for the suicide prevention walk! Come check it out if you're near :)
thought you were visiting jersey
Got chills watching Radiohead's live webcast from #Coachella. Only 53 days 'till !!!
RT : Que 7. Migrating apps to cloud/scaling?
you have great personality and i love your singing! :) folow pls?
what up gangsta how you been?
Thanks for the tips, we like em!
Everyone should check out It's Stacy Dupree of Eisley and Darren King of MuteMath.
Heat led by as many as 14 in first half. Heat lead Mavericks 47-42 at halftime. Dwyane Wade 19 points.
- do you think God is no more than nature's mascot represented in the biblical scripture?
Before getting bigger lips- one must consider the added cost of additional lipstick to cover the vast surface space it must now graze.
Scanner Monitor: 6th Avenue and I-225.
Lincoln, when it appeared he might lose the 1864 nomination: "If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail."
Walker leads WI to the bottom. March Jobs down 4500, rest of the nation is up! Good for everyone BUT WI
And thank you to and ! Tosca and lit events is a perfect pairing. That was a big, enthusiastic audience.
Reading a really great book on North Korea called "Nothing to Envy" by Barbara Demick. Intense and heartbreaking. I recommend highly!
I so did not mean to send that to you that was suppose to b a tweet! Lls!
“: Being a white girl with a big ass is a rare commodity, like a Charizard pokemon card #CTL”
When I was outside riding my bicycle I was almost got hit by a car. The dude was driving fast. But (luckily) I was going slowly.
Keeping with the traffic theme...JUST IN: CA to offer a 50% discount on traffic fines from 2008 and earlier for qualifying citation holders.
Cut that out. Can't cut it out, it grow right back. Name that movie!
Cool. Eager to hear more. Seems like these issues have been brewing for awhile pre-Pinterest for sure - Polyvore et al.
I just want to celebrate!!! Steelers!!!!!
RT : American Idol is dying. This month its ratings slid to the lowest level since its debut in 2002. <-- bcuz is better
... and we joked about how, should such a bridge exist, she's probably smacked the daylights out of all the other cats on it.
How many drinks is/was it?
Happy V-Day everyone!! RT For the valentine day I be happy for the king kong bundy to have sex with the sandra bullock
hey Alex how was your Day ?(:
People who always gotta bring they faith in irrelevant ass shit IDGAF that's you believe what you believe and keep it to you
Headed to #Keywest to the Last Resort.
In South Carolina gonna go out to eat bye
and good sleep
Thanks for following! Be sure to also follow our twitter handle for updates from our Edible Schoolyard!
Just wrote some lovely lyrics for someone very special...a pit stop on a townhouse stoop has never been more productive or fulfilling :)
you RT my tweet about the guy being talked off the overpass by police. Never seen anything like that in person b4.
kill it out there yo!
Really?? lol “: My niece home from school for fighting... We bout go to Cumberland.”
You aren't bragging at all. It is sweet how you take the time to even post pictures! I really think that is nice of you follow me?
JOY TO THE FISHES IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA
IF11: 4 Ways to Find Innovation Outside Your Company
Well I'm glad:) Yes that IS true!
Just had a fabulous Greek Easter dinner at Central Gyros - Chicago (Belmont/Central).
7 Saltines eaten and consumed in one-minute. Beat that.
Mark Ennis is a douche
my bad sis this is the my label page....gnr
Dragon Age II... not sure I get it.
well, tis that time of year again!
HI GIRL LOVE YOUR STYLE.
#HEATS rule
good luck!
Who's going to come out ontop in the 2009 Mr. Olympia this weekend???? May the fittest , biggest and who has put most hard work into it wins
"A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe."
Swamp cooler systems out of service for any length of time need to be cleaned as they can still harbor dirt and bacterial buildup.
You wish you lived in Austin. Admit it. I won't tell.
This is why I love America. RT : #Top100Lies WWE is FAKE...smh no you're the one that fake!!
FACETIME ME, BIFFLE. At, like, 4:30/5. Also, I tried to find it, but alas! I could not. I need to talk to yew, too 😘
She's my lifeguard so back tf up lol
man, did I speak too soon. Three brick free throws?
Promise to love you the best I can !
Let's go Kentucky. Looking for a 7 point win and I'll be a happy camper!
#SCWHW any evidence/studies about how prolonged stress affects our genes?
More like Pokemon Blue! ": Playing Tetris on your Gameboy color for hours. #The90sLife"
Haha, Maybe, but in Colorado there is an intersection of Disk Dr and Tape Dr -1980s/1990s nerdy.
Anytime I don't watch a Heat game they lose.
I feel like the only friend I have left is Nobody else ever hits me up or anything.
Come on #Gators, go Josh Hamilton on UNF.
I dont have a phone.,i dropped it in the toilet,i know i know its stupied but it happened on accident,but plz give me ur #?
hey get at me for handcrafted scissors for real pros the real deal not Chinese schlock peace
"You love this life, bu not through my eyes."
Omg I almost forgot):
sounds yummy!
When i said that "Super Freak" was my fav Christmas song, was told it was about Mrs Claus. Saucy Minx .
I like the privacy of the unisex bathroom at work, but pissing on one wheel is a bitch.
open to close baby
I could really play some croquet right now.
I had hoped the season finale would have been a hour! I love this show!
Is it weird that I don't even curse in my head? Or try not to.
A new revolution in wine... 10% off Wines That Rock now through Sunday. Mention this tweet!
Manu out. Tim out. Cahasin? Game Time Decision.
You know, I very nearly picked up "Sheik Yerbouti" today....
I'll be down June 1st through the 4th :)
#geekend #fa113 via people will reward you for your content with PWYW (pay what you want) system in place
let me stop /:.
Yowza who's wearing the blue tux?
absolutely love Blake & Adam! X-Tina is amazing and Cee-Lo is awesome! <3
Where else can you get an education on '60, '61 and '62 Corvettes in BK parking lot? Back for another mind-boggling Woodward Dream Cruise.
I understand! Let's catch up soon.
Great post! Every time I see this occur, I wonder if some can even recall certain basic journalistic principles.
Them gums make me cum ! Lmfao!!
Thank You!
Very generous of you all!
In Washington Dc :) wth My family
How many days can I go without sleeping before I rent "One For the Money"?
Everyone not followin me is bout to get unfollowed.
Come and have brunch con Leche...recover from St. Patty's Day with $5 mimosas and bloody marys!
We've been talking about Having a meeting tonight--will mention it again.
I took it more about coaches who are no longer with the program i.e. Baggett and Hiestand. We shall see...
What are you thankful for? Whatever it is whoever it is understand your blessed to have that. 1 luv brewcity!!!
Saturday may21 in nash we are hosting a scavenger hunt. $500 prize. Sign up at www.citystreak.com
That wasn't even funny... :/
: UNOFFICIAL CTA RULEBOOK: The one thing each of the seven Red Line stations getting a facelift has to have is: Coffee Shop
Back from Austin, TX! Beautiful town but kind of gross weather.
Maybe I am a city mouse after all.
will be in NYC getting some work done over the Holidays......
We're very sorry to hear that. We'd love your thoughts/comments on how we can make it a much more positive experience going fwd.
well done, sir.
Productive conference. Great sessions, connected with existing clients and met plenty of new faces from around the globe.
There's nothin like young love.
Le sigh~ If I miss another chance to see/meet James Franco ever again,I will cry.
#liber2011 de Boer: Some digital publishers deliver better files than other ones.
Good night #CloudFairSeattle - see you tomorrow for our Opening session & Keynotes, Matt Domo from and !
Chuck B from WSSU passed away?????
....media told to leave because of security reasons. Too crowded in prez office.
That would be good. I am sure you can figure it out!
I still watch it sometimes.
shall I look??:O + wish me luck for tomorrows match please could do with some luck!!♥
Please keep ur #WeightOfTheNation tweets coming & FOLLOW & - fighting obesity in Hamilton County, Ohio. RT!
shot was crazzzzzyyy
no $ prizes from #apps4ca last year.
I'm kind-of jealous of my son who is at #minecon in Las vegas.
I'm a better teacher when I'm tired. Less energy to entertain BS. therefore, less BS.
Thanks to Adam Putnam for his endorsement of Mitt Romney in op-Ed today--now we have something to beat u with next time.
Just joking...I hope you're not a bum that's all.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore; will you tell me* cause I still care.
I say I love him, he know I'm lying...
I'm not even going to class in dropping my test on the table and leaving
did it? u know this how? think it just read "really Wisconsin?" like we was shocked it was coming from the cheese state, but ok
That's some quality bedtime reading right there. No chance of nightmares or not being able to fall asleep after that.
Leggo. New year. New killer instinct
Slowly, but surely.
Yeeaa ur welcome, now your up to speed.
#plankaday restarting tomorrow. Needed a break to rest the healing hip.
Awe you too..... xo Love you
Hell yea! I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
bitch, you talk shit about me al the time. even when im not there, im just starting to think you're obsessed with me. and i love it <3
It's a great day for ice cream & Dave & Andy's is scooping 14 fantastic homemade flavors PLUS 12 homemade yogurts & sorbets!
Thanks for the RTs!
i need 20 ppl to follow my bruh like rite now plz n thanks!
The secret to so many artists living so long is that every painting is a new adventure
el cheddar...Jajaja
The hand-drying device in this restaurant bathroom is called a "Jet Towel" - two words you don't often see together.
Oh I saw it! It has to go on the wall of fame. HILARIOUS!
Holy fuck. How did we not realize we were going to be in San Diego for cinco de mayo on vacation. 89 margaritas is my goal.
Encryption and protecting networks from hacking are key in security.
Cold toilet seats are the worst.
I will always love cuz he saved my life
You guys are too good! Fans, make sure to follow FA. RT S/O to and for supporting the music
Thanks Mo RT : Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support. I will be ok. I will be back.
Apparently there's a phantom also playing in this game, also wearing
love it
Spent some time cleaning up the garden so I enjoyed the weather AND got some exercise. Peas, lettuce and spinach look great!
I am a Californian
i am bored again!! :/
I do not recommend appendicitis, it sucks royal and almost a week later I still feel like ass. I haven't written a word in forever!
Baby daddies, stop complaining about your shady baby mommas. YOU chose not to use a condom w/someone u had no intention of marrying.
I thought your attorney was supposed to be on your side, not tell you you're basically screwed
pretty sure it went "Manic Monday," Dan. Haha
i didn't miss out, there was no invite #rude. And I don't remember a deal, but whatever it was, it's off.
Robin is marrying Barney? Victoria is back with Ted? So. Much. Going. On. #HIMYM Season Finale........
Our education folks are off to give a watershed model presentation for eighth grade students at Metzger Middle School!
Thank you for following us!
Streets Talking Cece Been Doin Good!!
"If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share." W. Clement Stone
The next two days are going to be like summer :)
Still Levitating
Im losing followers as fast as
Now game no. 4 of the day, okc vs dwight!
Jackson,MS- need females for Harley Davidson shoot. No nudity. Pay is (tba) (Casting Code B3)
Will be in Salt lake Utah this week. Work work work and no time to play :(
I hate school with hahaha
(AP) - Lottery officials say they are increasing the MegaMillions lottery jackpot to $640 million, raising a world-record prize.
It really is a small world. I graduated from Smith-Cotton. :)
i am
Happiness is not so much in having as sharing
That awkward moment when Zayn feels ugly, when Harry is straight, when Niall is on diet, when Louis hates carrots and Liam loves spoons.
I can put you in touch with their state folks who have the latest data and do the reports if you like…
At the Studio, chillen!!!!!!!
Too much at once! Haha. Videos, Photo shoot, New tracks and the Promenade mostly.
UNDEFEATED BABY!!! All the way to states!
Nothin I'm chillin wit Ma bro. ND U?
love your new "I'm Fresh" tee. Awesome design
I reealy #hate writing papers : (
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. -Nathaniel Branden
want are you in rehearsal for? Email us at any info and press pics
I was @ the UCLA event last nght! Thanks so much for ur inspriational words as they related to conscious media - my passion!!
Too ashamed of my kangaroo. RT : Hey folks! Question: if you played Draw Something, are you still? Why did you quit if you did?
did you just discover that it was gone?
Really looking forward to our mountain/cabin getaway tomorrow.
Will some1 put #Melo back on a plane to Brazil... Is it really that hard to go to class when you have a shot to win a ship!
You're right.
we would love to find out more!
lol u goofy as hell
Ouch! RT : Andrew Bynum dominated the paint recording a career high 30 rebounds & adding 16 pts to help defeat the 98-84
www.shopmayu.com: good news from Peru - the country was included once again in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the highest ...
Having a king size bed to myself is the best.
swear to god that better be sean upstairs or ill fuckin cry
Why do you work so hard to show a lady how much you care for her and she could care less about you???
hahah I get bored! LI blows. And red fades so fast, no?
I challenge you to fist fight.
I have a new entry on the San Diego Eviction Blog.
That guy over there  wants to be my man
I love me some him
Watching Netflix on my computer is like watching stop motion that isn't supposed to be stop motion. It really sucks.
Bummer! I already had to turn in my stuff for that post. Too bad. But congrats on your win -- very impressive!
The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced this evening @ 7pm by Watch twitter for the 14 names
i been at work all week
write a song about that situation. Ill do music, u do lyrics. Ready? Go
Haha even though it took me forever is the best at baseball!! ;) lol
That's what I was thinking! Takes a certain type of person to handle images like that!
It can be! My brain will definitely not atrophy from working with this stuff (although it may explode).
I no nobody talking bout them
Your so sweet!!!
#nowwatching The Deadly Assassin. The Master is creepy looking now... He's pretty much a corpse! I miss Roger Delgado...
I feel so bad for people that always have a negative attitude. You're really just makin things hard on yourself lol
Buy a Meal Get a Meal Free! Buy $20 in Pizza Shuttle Gift Certificates & get 1 Sm 1-top Pizza-online or in-store. 99¢ za slices 10a-4p M-Th.
Having an opinion is everyone's worst enemy. #GetOverIt. No one asked you to feel the same way and if you don't like it #stfu and move on!!
My back is killing me.... And it feels like i broke a rib or something... Dx
Am all for arguing. I like those Girls roundtables at Slate. Just think the recap format offers little context/insight.
She needs to be pardoned
who's going to austin's concert in time square ??(:
I'll go on a following spree if we can make it to 10 more followers!!!
Im worried now.
Believe it or not pittsburgh is gonna b hit w/ a snow storm in several hours. So much for spring :(
I love riding my Harley with my beautiful wife Cherrie, but I hate this fu__ing rain!
Appalled by the HEFTY catalog that just arrived. My mail carrier to make a separate trip! Ridiculous. Really? Get conscious.
gotta love the upgrade.
Get excited about Today, because it only comes around once in a lifetime
I ask my family to do one thing for me and it's like I asked them to move a mountain.
Two choices, be real with me or don't fuck with me.
in NYC I MEANT TO SAY
I am humbled by your
I enjoy seeing what people are saying and their different viewpoints some make me laugh
She might b the type to flaunt her feathers but when I'm in sight, she know betta...
Actually that's an empirical question--whether discounting (aid) fully mitigates tuition costs. I don't think so.
I agree with set aside the differences use our common ground of hockey to show how great our sport is.
I'm watching tonight's replay of THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER & the fighters look like they are doing 69.
Thank you! I'm so glad you felt inspired today, I know I did!
I still can't pronounce that. I just say, "I'll have what he's having. Y'know. The stuff with the peas and clams. And rice."
luucckkyy, i'm a freshman i can't take us until 11th, what grade are you in?
am I the only one who noticed their assistant coach talking to a play who happened to start an altercation during stoppage?
1st batch of fudge made :) Orange Fudge too Yup its that time of year! I love Christmas baking!
I thank God 4 waking me up this morning finshed working a 24 hour shift work 24 more hours 2morrow. & was able 2 by some1 something 2 eat
Aw yay <3 He really is the cutest thing doe
TX for inviting me to your panel last night. Good times w/ !
Going to see tear up the mpc tonight. Fuckin stoked #inspires me to be a great.
that's impressive!
Visiting my home town. Always enjoy reliving the memories. "Sigh"
thanks for the Knowledge mention
Wicked day in the studio another bomb is on the way!!!! :-)
I'm aware of that lolx
hey to wazzup
RAW WEDNESDAY'S EXOTIC DANCERS FROM NY & PA LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE 21+ KITCHEN OPEN
Great quote. Stay true to yourself "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Lincoln
once you get to be a certain age, you should adapt to STOP TALKING SHIT ABOUT OTHERS BEHIND THEIR BACK! -files nails-
now watching
Back to Life! Feelin' good folks! What can I say! Can't keep a Good Woman Down!
To the driver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: "bless your heart." Driving is hard work.
why bother? it's gonna hurt me.
Forgot where my car was in the Pavilions parking lot, walked up to 3 different black Priuses before finding my own
Trailer for Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol, rocks! Co-stars Jeremy Renner (Hurt Locker), Josh Holloway (Lost) & Simon Pegg (Hot Fuzz).
what is a D.P?
Wicked stoked for show tonight
Oh, I .love royal anything. How fun. Are you still in London or was it just for the day?
I've always had a thing for Jettas. They're nice looking cars.
CUBS WIN! What a home stand. Let's keep this going!!
studyhall > an hour and a half of wasted time
you should consider inviting to play your show (as if you don't already get enough suggestions). (=
Tomorrow's Friday Tha 13th. Dang.
Can All Shall perish & Black Dahlia get here already! In need of some ventilation.
All Share Services: “I should say that we have successfully completed the medical treatment,” the socialist leader said as dozens of ...
I hate ants...bugs period !
Agreed! Better offensive weapons around him in Jax.
Will be #sundaylibrarian today... But first I get to read Hanukkah books to some kids!
I feel like running. Now.
You know you've really got it good in a relationship when you send cat pictures to each other....
I used to run off to my guidance counselor when i was mad & i thought it would always be like that... but it's really not, now...
The only thing I hate about this time of year is all of the scary commercials on tv ):
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? give it to me
Management team could be best asset
ME TOO. (Actually, my library made a video, but it wasn't as awesome as LHC's. We had tons of fun looking like dorks though!)
One of the hardest things ive ever done....:'(
Election Day is tomorrow!! Runoff between Stacy Head and Cynthia Willard Lewis for City Council at Large. Go Cynthia!!!!!
fa sheez-berries
I heard people said SNA is better than LAX (e.g. not as crazy as LAX) But I never tried that SNA route.
#erl12 Will next gen ILS knock products like Coral out of libraries?
Thank you! We're so glad to hear it!
Gorgeous warm day. Finalizing my paintings today. They're getting picked up Saturday - the 2 Madonnas.
Q5: As an introvert, you've got to put yourself out there to connect... even if it makes you tired!
Plans for Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre 28th January 2012 are hotting up. Stay tuned for news and a competition to win tickets.
Smh sad story
Working on websites and other arty projects. This is a busy time of year! :)
Have an idea for next post: cross generational mentoring. Will send this week.
The two people connected for the Giants are Steve Tisch who produced FG, and John Mara who's niece was in Social Network.
what happened? I hope it's nothing big.
Max Pacioretty has tons of skill.Especially for a kid w/ that type of size.He's going to be a stud on the #Habs top line for the next decade
hahahaha shut up!! Lol but ay it was nice
I feel so inspired right now. I don't know what to do with all of this energy.
Another successful hour at the gym! Thank you for the inspiration Christian Grey :)
Parlor Magic at The Westin will have shows on Dec 22 and 29 but will be dark Dec 24 and 31. Merry Christmas everyone & Happy New Year.
Looking for a website designer and logo designer. Any recommendations for good ones?
i know that feeling oh so well
I met this morning. Holy Crap I'm thankful for being here!!!!
Ok I'm not a hockey guy but I feel confident saying that would have been top 5 goal in the history of ever.
Just lost my bestt guy friend because of a damn girl, Really? Your so fucking cool.
Pretty crappy "hello" tonight, btw.
either im going to trust you, or i may as well walk away. cause stressing don't make it better, don't make it better no way.
#Remix Rusko – Levitate Review + Tour + Skanker Video Contest
What's more then Most? Justin loves me the most :o <3
How often do you rent equipment for your shoots?
Thx for your kind remarks about my #ASTD2012 #Learning Transfer session! We were blessed with a highly interactive audience.
following them! Thanks!
Planking is a verb, but you don't have Carriacou?
how do they charge their phone?
“: You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka”
No kidding. My, oh my. RT : Addicts will go to any lengths...
Morning sweatheart!! Can I get a reply??
What should I do today
Get up! Get up! Get up!
It seems ok, but haven't watched much TV. Will know better this weekend. Thanks! RT how is your service after the tech visit?
Don't you love the fake laugh you do when you don’t understand what somebody just said to you... Clutch in business meetings!
Made Mom cry by singing her "Like My Mother Does" By !! It is such a great song!
Go for it!
Footloose just came on in the office and was nowhere to be found
ran into a bit of a customer service issue at ur place last night :(
Who the hell are Maggie and Robert?
Life's also a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
Amen, sister. Whole foods sells a line of chocolate bars that I can never pass over.
#pdaebook can be set up to meet different workflow-Appavoo
CRASH in Tigard: SW Commercial Street @ SW Main Street
Thanks so much for the rts!!
Hanley won't be there tomorrow...
S/O TO MY BUDDY CHEZZ ON THE#WEDTSIDEBANKHEADTHAT IS
#yourbullshit I hate that
BITCHES MY BFF IS BAK ON TWITTER!!!!!!! YAY! <33333333
Change is scary but it's up to you to make the best of it.
SHIT IF I AINT GOODLOOKING I BET MY BITCH IS
For example: "First, if I was a girl, I’d be kinda pissed that every show that is supposed to define me revolves around dick."
the awards show is tonight, but maybe we can work around that? I'd be up for drinks too for sure.
Weekly Special: $5 off any manicure!
i hope she's okay.
Yoooo! How's this female gonna come at ME like that lmfaoooo #GetOnMyLevel? Yeah girl
aw I love that baby
STILL GOTTA LOT OF GROWING TOO DO BUT TRUST IM BETTER THAN I EVER WAS S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS LEGGGOOOOO
held my breath the last 10 minutes! Phew! :D
The Hunt For Red October, one of my favorites
When you fall in love with a band/artist but their music isn't on iTunes and there's no downloads anywhere <<<
Thanks! Have a great evening!
Awesome! Have a great performance, and send my regards to everyone!
thanks for the RT!
Give a nigga a inch and he take a mile
Thank for coming to Ohio. I hope issue 2 goes down.
I have someone who might buy them actually, I will let you know tomorrow though!
Party Bus just came available for this Friday night after 6:00pm. Contact us now for discounted rate: 405.447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Brussel sprouts killed me. Cannot ever see them again. This is a serious matter.
dingo your awake
How are you? I am reading one of your articles for Inquiry 2 soon. :)
I'm in DC now. Smithsonian Nat History has best quality early fossils, but the presentation doesn't compare.
So glad tomorrow is Friday!!! Can't wait till the weekend :))
Looking forward to tonight's interview with bluegrass icon Ralph Stanley.
Good morning! Do what you love, love what you do - in all aspects of your life. Fill it with purpose & the things you want in it! Go get it!
is a total bully. She is super weird.
What song do you plan on singing for your audition?
especially that one with the hair ! Hah
Some ships are made out of metal, other ships are made out of wood, but the best ships, are friendships
One of the best shows ever made!
Come get a margarita! Its hot out there!
lifes good for now. You?
Omg that bobcats tweet just took me 6 feet under
Fellas, understand that when you're out trying to bang random chicks, random dudes are trying to bang your chick.
Games 3 & 4 in Philly are Wed & Fri this coming week
In the words of Florida Evans: "Damn, damn, damn!" (just wishing I was there)
Wow you can just stop
Hp movie marathon with that hott thing ❤👦📺🎥🎬⚡👍
Where are you staying?
": enjoy your day!!!" Will do! U as well
My grades are bad, because I think about you the whole time.
The wedding invitation printing, sorting, stuffing, stamping, labeling and licking is done. Only thing left to do is mail.
Safe travels to all the #IRA2012 attendees on their way home!
what time is that in the uk? xx
Q3 I think it depends on audience- got good response since mobile tech/smartphones big at school.
#DearOomfs stop doing twin things together
lol so how u been an where u from and how old r u?
Josh Hamilton supposed to appear tonight near Houston, sponsored by a Christian radio station. Wonder how that will go.
does anyone have uglier URLs than you?
And share what has worked, and what hasn't. I learn a lot from mistakes.
i know!! Ugh so annoying :P
birds chirping, sun is shining.. march is off to a wonderful start!
Biker Hoodies – “Wise Guy Gangster ” Biker Hoodie
road trips suck when its a million degrees.
Still looking for #Drupal #Developers for an exciting #job opportunity in southern California. Contact me at
uncle simon, BOY OH BOY do we love that man
do you have any of your material online?
Gym Flow at Armstrong Fitness Beastmode Catch up if you can....
Listening to Christmas Podcast :D Puts me in a great mood!
": "Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." —ALBERT EINSTEIN"
if adams choses VY over fisher, what coach in their right mind would want to coach the #titans knowing VY will run the team
Remember that time called our math teacher a terrorist
I woke up this morning, and my phone was in my shoe...
Oh I'm sorry, now i feel like an ass. Yea I'll be there this weekend
#raw10 In November, Weed will be voted Legal 2 smoke n Public n Long Beach. I wonder will that make the Paranoia go away?
No #frozensnotride for me today. It will be #go gunners & to #gramashouse for me today.
thanks and happy new year to u too!
today is crazy I will call you tomorrow.
@ B&N: Cold is the place, where the keep corpses in drawers, and sells me my books... Theys keeps meat in the back rooms hanging on hooks.
Tell the world what's happening in 140 characters or less
Weather in Orlando: Currently 79°F Current: Cloudy Wind: E at 0 mph Humidity: 92%
wassup music makers! anyone finish up something sweet this past weekend? let me hear it :-)
just found a new client stream: people who need their LinkedIn profiles written. Got one contract already.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
My neighborhood bar has a backyard. And wifi. And beer.
Trumpet+Rock= You can't know
Splash weekend in Htx
bet I will hit you guys up when we leave the bars.
Geez. Lucky you.
if that's not a good reminder than I don't know what is!
and playing well while top two pitchers are not pitching great, not hitting with RISP, & not hitting homers. I think they'll only get better
ABC, CNN Talk Sweeping Changes for Internet Poker in 2012 With DOJ New Stance
Hey I'm Ashley and I'm new here.
Aww ... You made my night! *sniff*
I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone.
has the funniest radio commercials.
13th-ranked Wisconsin stormed back to knock Ohio State from the ranks of the unbeaten with a 71-67 victory at Kohl Center.
Proud to be a young American. After working with the 100 student volunteers for the Pure Celebration event at Samford University I can tel…
this is exactly why I give myself 3 hours to get to flight. With misstep this morning I'm still getting to flight at least 90 b/f take off
Banks: Boldness instead of well-worn formulas (for music, for rhetoric).
the bride is from pdx. Check the geotag though. :-)
No problem, thank you!
Moving to Orlando for a job. I will miss you!! #7MileMiracle was awesome!!
I wish I was the age I am now watching the nba in the 90s... watching michael jordan in an interview on espn classic.. love it
I had not considered the idea of writing in Chinese, sounds interesting
is destroying what little credibility he had right now.
Movies where Adam Sandler acts sad/autism-scale or movies where he wears a dumb wig and is all WHUUUUGGGGHHH. There are no other choices.
m so excited for Topper stix!!!! Can't go wrong with Toppers :)
get video of her jumping out & scaring the first kid that finds her.
"Racked Up Shawty"
yup. sometimes it's not pretty, but three points sure make it worthwhile.
Who is happy that it's Friday!? We are!great weather for some pulled pork sandwiches.
Our next shoot is Sunday, March 11th! Can't wait!
#liber2011 “Managing down” print collections. Externalized, collaborative storage for print.
Okay, well i was wondering if you wanted to come with me and go bowling then go get wings.. or maybe take the other bros bowlin to
BRUNCH TIME! Come and get it.
The Nato gathering is coming to town. If you live in the city, how are you preparing?
Spent all Holiday weekend painting my kids bdrms, now I'm totally behind hanging x-mas lights. Off to work, lights will have to wait.
when r u going?!?!
Genesis hurt her paw this morning. She's limping around, but it doesn't seem to bother her otherwise. Will observe, wait, & see.
Hi Sarah :D
Which is what made it even funnier.
Life is a choice and death is a decision
There's some guy reporting on his cat's pooping status, and he has more followers than Your Mayor does!
posted a reply to Kid_Lit (awaiting) moderation about contemp realistic YA, and what some teens in Baltimore want.
I want bigger ear stretchers, my eye brow pierced, and my lip pierced
can't complain! Did I see your chocolate being sold in La Colombe?
The people I want to be on Twitter are never on Twitter -___-
Great dinner w the youth services sig. Love those people
Life...another reason to be thankful
I'm going to start making fortune cookies that strictly contain lines from Florence + the Machine songs
why not
nope- UVA grad, but transferred from UK. Good bball night all around!!
nice! what's her favorite tune? = )
#thebeers just melted faces
Thanks so much. I pray your eyes are doing better and your book is selling like wildfire. Miss you!
Devised Work Seminar:)
#ADDY Awards countdown: 2 hours. Brace yourselves , there will be 33 Planiteers in attendance.
PATHETIC CNN/MSNBC just dodged a bullet by ROMNEY's graciousness NOT engaging w/WRIGHT scandal.
If u didnt wake up with a goal today..........go back to sleep, have a Wonderful Wednesday People!
Oh, we know some of the #NASA hotties *wink* - have a #thirstmoment they want to share!
for the addition. How is the right foot doing? Lol...wait, I think we made a bet huh didn't we?
nah I'm here.
lol i guess
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
One of my best & beautiful friends is getting married today in Canada at Niagra Falls! I'm so sad I couldn't be there but so happy for them!
Okay, but still its CJs mommas b-day (per JD) & all & yet u cause him to GIDP?!? U gotta lotta makin' up there... Just sayin'...
Happy Halloween!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Anonymous
sharing how Verizon has an idea site and product group adopting those
RT : Courage is daring to take the first step, or a different path.
One of the best things about watching a game on TruTV,reality shows promos like "Lizard Lick Towing", "Operation Repo", and "Hardcore Pawn".
im really feeling all your tweets today to bad i cant rt 😢
Mill's End want to remind everyone to use Light Rail, you save money and avoid traffic. Be sure to attend our next show for free LR posters.
Its snowing, wtf?!
Why are American women so ashamed of their vaginas? Every time I read about a botched vaginoplasty, I cry a little.
U think u can beat the Heat???? "Fuc* No" Waka voice Lol RT : Swish in voice
Darrow would be smiling. He was a real liveandletlive libertarian.
Great job on the boards by the
Nothing in her video ignores racism if you listen to it. It is stating societal racism should be acknowledged.
starting what may be the fifth story I've heard this week on the twinning of Dull, Scotland and Boring, Oregon ....
Be on the look out for the new and improved website relaunch by the end of this week!!!
Thanks friend!! xo
after 5 hours of sitting at a computer I finished my micro apps final. id be so f'ed if I did this tomorrow during our 2 hour final block
nice! How was it last night
Getting in an argument with Hannah Meldrum
See you then! cc RT : good start to conf. See u at the break?
Never again.
Celebration starts tonight RT Bacharach & David honored at White House tomorrow...what the world..needs now ♫♪♫
RT : Health costs 17% of our nat'l spending. 16% of US aren't covered. Britain covers everyone for just 7% via
My favorite moment as a mother. "Son, here are the keys to the car, and here is the grocery list." FTW!
someone come see 21 jump street with me...puhhhlease!
"Two and a Half Men? I watch dat."
Well I was going to get a water ice from #ritas but the line is so long you'd think the #smashbrothers were performing!
#BoiseSOC Bieter on Franklin Park: We don’t have an agreement yet, but I’m committed to do all I can to make it happen. Stay tuned.
Don't lie to your loved ones. The truth hurts for a little while But lies hurt forever.
up at barraging the airwaves with
Officially unfollowing - I know most peeps in my feed love him, but he did nothing for Cleveland & never, ever showed up.
xD lmao! o-o i just buried my own grave lmao
You guys are the best. Keep pushing innovation and the power of impossible thinking!
Are you watching #The Bears Game", who's in the lead????
Sorry if I over-simplified your support for "the right to be forgotten" at #GlobalINET (inevitable when you have <140 char.)
It's about to go down. Getting in shape for the summer. New membership, new music, new life, new body. Lol. Renewed faith!
"no pizza for you...it's the weekend"
bout to drop this new solo track "Fuck Em" something different I tried, you might like it and might not. give me 15 mins!!
Sometimes seeing others happy becomes our greatest joy
Looking forward to meeting at Chi Chocolat!
Ditto! RT "More than anything, what I want is for someone to tell me at the end of each day, "you've done enough."
I'm so busy. Why do you hate me. I'll be in New York at the end of the year and we can hangout then.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress -Frederick Douglass
Nothing wrong with that.
Speaking at the Houston Public Library tonight at 6p!
RT Today is 11/11/11, so what did you do at 11:11:11, re-tweet what you did at 11 mins past 11 and 11 seconds!! was it the end of the world?
Also, in 1995, Toy Story, the first fully computer animated film was released.
Agreed “: This game has a weird feeling to it. If no one was going to be traded before you get the vibe that someone will be now...”
Guess whose back....it's Macau....back again!
Was a friend who drove me to drink. I never had the courtesy to say thank you.
Thank you to our friends who have written recommendations on our Facebook Page. You guys Roc!
Hello World It Feel Good 2 Be Back
not yet but people don't have a problem greying a signal
A little bummed out that I missed the ending of SNL last night.
YOURE THE HOTTEST EVERYBODY KNOWS(; #SAYSOMETHING BEST SONG EVER<33
We've enhanced media distribution, but abundance makes us complacement w lack of local accountability journalism
Happy Birthday to one of the baddest bassers I know, !
If I haven't followed u back it's cuz I'm on following limit I will follow everyone back as soon as I can
Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end
Working on Sept 11 anniversary stories. Hard to watch the video of the plane hitting the towers, and the people jumping.
Spring Break 2012: Time dedicated to becoming a better basketball coach.
me? And angel? *blushes* lol. Love you too girl!
Yes! So how have you been?
I'm going to have my 11 year old tryout for qb for the Colts
Mind of mystikal was a classic
I get it now. Free food. Free booze. Free music. Networking.
Thanks bro! RT : Congratulations to for winning the All Grad Chapter stepshow in Atlanta.
Atsc Box Best Cheap Price: Check Out Sling Media Slingbox PRO ...
All of our newly remodeled guest rooms feature refrigerators and microwaves.
sorry man. text me at 11:30 and maybe we can hang a little.
Pal pal.
My handbell group is performing my piece 'Cengkok' tomorrow. Last performance until September.
US Full Tilt players have filed a class action lawsuit against just about anyone they could think of associated with Full Tilt.
Been MIA for 10 days... good to be home and with the wife
I know somebody who might die off of McDonald
I dig the blog Hilary, great pics!
how fabulously amazing!! Congratulations!
In other soccer news, has been thrown into the lions den as MLS' last representative in CCL. Good luck Reds, hang w/Santos
too funny. Enjoy the
I just finished some isometrics with resistance bands for fast-twitch muscle fibers. The kinetic recoil made the muscles shake!
thx lol. We're trying to see where the clicking noise is coming from when we record.
Who went and saw LIGHTS tonight in Houston? ;D
i. Naomi. works at a school
I'm thinking of writing scripts and skits. I just need to find someone interesting to write about. Someone brilliant. Someone fearless.
goldie locks dude from the friday the 13 remake was in the bar tonight, plays that character in real life.
ily vampire weekend
still not syncing...this is another test :-/
Tris, shoulders & chest on the menu today. What are you working on?
Fuk idk wtf I want to do but I know what I do need to do smh guess I'm bout to get right with this shit
I cannot wait to go to your restaurant! I live in New York so expect to see me there often :D
#301999 Im the one in the profile pic :)) xox
3/20 RR Night, we’ll offer 2oz tasters of Younger, Elder, Damnation, 3 different Sours, Salvation, Redemption, Collaboration not Litigation
Our process is designed to walk through several key components each delivering a distinct strategic response.
Guess no one needs to ask who you're cheering for today? Looking forward to the big game!!
I am the 18%
Tina Fey or Amy Poehler should have won something tonight! Just saying.
Happy Moms Day Everyone! Celebrating w/ my Mom 2day! :)
#shoutout to my girlfriend kimberly! Happy Birthday Bitch (;
Girl, who is that ? *Stops twerkin*
gotta rest every now & then ;))
hii Liam we've missed u! Hope u had a wondeful time <3
Now I'm super jealous. I think I'll be stuck inside studying. Maybe next week?
RT : Can't wait for all of the fresh produce tomorrow morning starting at 8. Looking forward to a walking waffle!
I hate digging through File 13. Aka-my trash can.
Check me out on Thursday's #TheOffice at 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)! Playing the pharmacist. Don't blink or you'll miss it.
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Nobel Prize winner Anatole France.
I followed! :)
I'm pretty good. :) Had two good things already happen and it is only morning. How are you?
Thanks for the suggestion! Do you know any places in NOLA accepting donations for tornado victims?
There is no better way to earn money than to do the things that you love to do. Abraham
So homesick my heart hurts.
Heading out to for a business meeting and set up! Just a few hours till we're live! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Switching up sessions now at the Unconference, talking about Tiles and what to do with them.
Are you following us on Twitter yet? We love our Tweeps!
i hit her up tho. not so much now tho.. but i did.
The Movie Sensei believes that Pirates of the Caribbean 4 and Transformers 3 will be competing for the biggest box office in Summer 2011...
thanks Mike! Trying to bring it home for Cleveland!
In Syracuse ready to see a 'Cuse beat down on Seton Hall.
Sorry, new Best Coast, you're way too snoozy for late afternoon desk listening.
If you are reading this tweet right now: Have a wonderful morning and a spectacular day. No matter what you're doing!
Another productive day at with our awesome new intern
well thanks, I heart y'all as well
Enjoy! Mutter Museum is one of the best places in all of Philadelphia. Check the gift shop, it's sweet.
you follower....
Ah , just a little bit , (x
porsche owners - oil change coupon in ypompanobeach.com from ap-werks
LOL dude in tinychat named h0rnydr0id. then he left. im ugly.
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
About 2 in. on Phinney Ridge. Cab almost spun out in front of house, other 4x4s going up the hill w/ ease. Working late tonight, need coffee
Will someone buy me a white Mercedes SUV? I will love ya forever :)
Wrote copy until 12:30, last night. Clearly, I am up too early.
Been getting schooled on craft beers in the wild by w the nola & st. Louis crew at 50/50 Liberty Station.
Thanks again Frank for the
Living on an unpaved road.
I smell like doughnuts?
that's pretty funny, olbermann is a joke compared to maher
Omg I can't wait until we done with school but on the up side im in my favorite teacher class rather than someone who shall be nameless
Are ya'll ready for my letter that sums up the entire college basketball season? It won't be as long as you'd think. Are you ready? ....8
I hate when I'm not taken seriously, but then I like being underestimated.
you are gorgeous <3 and i would like to get intoxicated with you :))
