Mama Bullock is currently watching the video and singing along to Kreayshawn's (sp?) Gucci Gucci. Oh, wait, now it's Super Bass.
Yes we will!
Look how many followers I have. :) <3
Curbside Sweets today at Kokomo City Hall 11:30-12. "Grand Red Velvet", Ger Choc, Almond Joy Cupcakes, Orange Drop Cookies, and brownies!
cuhz prolly ma favorite rapper rite now...
Hahahahah you don't know how many people are there for you until some ish goes down!
The Gareth and Greg Show is live in 40 minutes and I SWEAR GREG WILL BE HERE AT SOME POINT!!! OMG W.GarethAndGreg.com COME IN!
lol...no just leaning out bit for more lean muscle than mass muscle
Lol, she paid $120 for it!
thanks for showing that skinny arms jiggle too #It'sOKKellyClarkson
Hey guys its how do you like how website!?
RT : I initially made plans before I knew about the tweetup but am happy for a 2nd reason to go!
#Diabetes: your A1C test results must be below 7%. You can set the right stat for you with your doctor.
High school playoffs tipping off soon; who's the team likely to win it all in your city/state?
I really need to be sleeping right now, tomorrow is going to be painfully tiresome #looongday #energydrinks :)
Morgan Freeman said the way to stop racism is to quit talking about it. I think sexism is the same.
alright but I'm pretty sure :D
CPHA's blog covers housing news and community development news!
I'm very disappointed it wasn't a bear.
awesome...i'm going to check the blog out now. hey @ to meet you
Shoutouts 2 ALL my followers.....what's going on?
Thank You baby. ^___^
I may be loud, out spoken, a jerk at times, argumentative, opinionated, sometimes judgemental, anal etc. but im not a LIAR #ImMe #Flaws&All
Yeah, this is something I'm clearly going to have to fix, stat.
it's a little cold for slushies.
My birthday and birthday party is tomorrow :D
Good Morning! In my daily bible reading, Moses tries to talk God out of swift punishment for Israelites due to Golden calf business.
I'm creeped out by people who follow me on Instagram but have no pictures of their own.
The family says they've been getting false "updates" over the years from one of Avery's friends.
Interesting history fact: the books movers we're using to shift PMA collections were built when moved from the tower to PCL!
Hello all Have a good and safe Sunday. Just working this morning and just going to rest awhile and eat something. Hope to hear from someone.
gould's mismeasure of men is a good book to debunk quantitative assessment validity
DJ Jazzy Jeff @ Rain @ Palms tonight. Parents just don't understand.
hhaha ohh yeah they are my contacts(:
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Aaron Johnson-Cash ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Raleigh, NC ⁰Travel Team: NC Rising Prospect ⁰Power Forward 6’4
burned 160 calories doing 40 minutes of "Aerobics, low impact"
.: beautiful #bird indeed! any idea where it was taken?
I know you're with him right now, do me a favor and punch him. Reason #236 why he's a douche.
Money dnt make me..
Yes, but I'm the league's anti-Kyra Sedgwick. Can't close anything. We all have roles to fill.
Power outage knocks out A/C to 17,000 in and around C'Ville. What happened and will it get worse as the mercury rises? Watch CBS19
If you guys are in San Jo tomorrow come out the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market, 10am-2pm
Special thanks to all the kids who were too lazy to type their philosophy final papers lol
The suspense is killing me, who will the #Colts take?
Almost forgot to say thank you for the FF love! Shame on me! XOXO.
Yes sir!! Great job today!!! RT :
i feel like someone fucking shot me in the brain.
aww come on she can get lost
Ready to win $25k today. Pitching The Advocator concept for the challenge in McLean VA.
All I know is me n my son #self motivated
I like getting stalked ...I feel cool (;
Too sick for school had to stay home ready to b over dis cold
DC: it's going to be an interesting weekend. 4 days before the mayoral primary, Vince Gray in the lead. Change is coming!
I said "latest." RT : I'm disappointed this wasn't porn ...
hey, check us out, we're new to Vegas. We moved here from Florida to get our name out. I think you'll like it :) we're legit.
i love these tweets.
Fisher Stevens. RT : Crazy, didn't realize the Indian dude from short circuit isn't really Indian til today.......
Seeing a Lacrosse player without a pinnie is like seeing a dumb girl without a spray tan. Its not natural
re: downloads, That is TERRIFIC, Tommy!!!
It wasn't a joke. It was a newscast. President Obama should be called "President" just like all the others, not "Mister"
"so who's gonna watch you die?"
dang you got it!
Finally broken my streak of releasing things on days when more important stuff is happening and getting all the attention WAIT SUPERBOWL WHA
Seems to me the only time the news covers the national parks is when a shutdown is pending.
Tell people to follow me(: I'll do the same back! Rt when your done
Goodnight. Nice chatting with you all!
Think I'm Bout To Shake This .
Loving Lehigh right now
Bradford Beach opens tomorrow and it's supposed to be 80 degrees? That's amazing!
Stop It
Thunder eating tonight sorry for my followers but my TL about to be blown up about these #ThunderNation tweets.
Today's appropriate random en route to radiation song: Blue Oyster Cult's "Burnin' for You."
The line is, "I'm your Huckleberry..." Watched the movie night before last and that's one of my fave lines...
coming out tonight??
Just spent twenty minutes taking pictures of my belly button and texting it to people.
Get yourself a good alarm, boom problem solved.
Thanks to our panelists and for hosting us yesterday. Great #IWNY event!
Burk: Media Sustainability Index measures media environment in 41 countries in Africa- legal social norms, multiple news sources
I took my daughter to earlier today ....
Companies are quick to take the money from your account but when it comes to giving you a refund, it takes FOREVER!!!
Is my hero
exhausted....it's been a long day.
good lord is he in public??!!
Still in shop im a barber shop
that was just a mini site we cooked up for our internship program we may submit some other stuff though. Bulk discount?
www.RegimeChangeMusic.com to download my new album for free only for te summer. Plz let me know what you think. Okai Haiti
Okay, I have a new favorite wine... all the way from Ukraine #:-)
Im collecting purses and toiletries for the homeless shelter for my birthday. Please tweet it out
Packing for camp! Woo :D
where's your album bruh bruh?!
Looking forward to Rebecca Black's comeback with sure fire hit - "Black Friday"
Head cheese?! Seriously, what was I thinking?!?!
thanks for the #RT!
Fantastic story on , "Own Worst Enemy" showing how being vulnerable started an honest political dialogue.
that would be much cooler if it was 11:20 am.
working sucks
I'm blaming Bartman for the Cubs demise the year they should have won the World Series!
Sunday Funday at The Upstairs. Andy's behind the bar - ready to craft a cocktail for you - so come prepared to stump him.
19 point thrashing I love it
" Love says 'I am everything.' Wisdom says 'I am nothing". Between the two my life flows.- Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj
Felt good to rock out with the band after a long day :-) Great practice tonight!
A bestfriend laughs:)A normal friend doesnt:\
Do you work with individual seminar providers?
So Bianca Tweeted me backk :>) .. I had a mini (MAJOR) heat attack ..
dude is it safe for me to go home
who up at this time of the morning?
I need to get the heck back to Texas!!!!
Congrats Texas State for #NSAC Special Judges Award for Special Promotion!!
New batteries in my beats & a fresh beer. Time 4 the
Great to know ! Will look for you ! Come find me to say hi too! -Jen, Oregon 20ll & proud champion
he said he loves it..
In a state of wähnen wahn scheinen, thanks to and his philosophical (dis)entanglement of Wagner.
Watching "Transformers Prime" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
love sucks if u dont have love dont say it unless u mean it to some body lol i need to make it up to 400 help me please love u guys
I knew that & we waited weeks & weeks to set this one just to let the kinks work out. But it was solid until 3:00 yesterday.
You're not out of luck,you just think too much.Are you over your head or just holding your breath?Why do you think you're such a mess?
Your time is like money...Spend it on people who know its true value and who appreciate it.
The fireworks look cool but I'm at the show so I can't c the downtown fireworks.
I do that all the time
congrats! I'm halfway there...
Ive been out all day , feels like I havent been home in a while :o I missed my family(:
me too. probly something to do w/ article writing issues
yeah by you
We now enter the 10th day of the #Assad regime massacre in #Homs,
I don't recall being an insomniac until the internet. If I was I wondered what the hell i did...read a paperback?
old fashion grinding is far more worthwhile, glad to see your success homie
I've never felt so unwanted before in my entire life. This honestly sucks so much.
great place for end of day...ahem... Mtg.. Our patio is open and delirium tremens flowing at 5. Red line to Cleveland park!
Yeah it does! Well I actually havent been out yet. Ha but it is so hot in our office bc of it!
Life can be a train ride
what shall I cook for dinner?
Word of the Day/Week/Year: Character
During difficult economic times, this statistic tends to get worse. It is true that if a burglars really wants to get into your house,
Just walked past two math teachers discussing the significance of 4/20
I'm not white. I'm half black half Asian.
aw! we need drinks or something sooner than later. been too long.
they played the music video to a team this morning on VH1! It was then stuck in my head all day, which made my day much better!(:
Thanks to all the people who came last night!
Looking forward to celebrating Seattle Monorail's 50th b-day with , & friends TNT! Cheers to a fab Saturday in sunny SEA!
I'm playing Sat 23rd 8pm!Trashfest USA - Two Day Ticket - July 22nd & July 23rd - 12 bands from Around the World at
sex in the vagina
Who is excited for NEPR next weekend? We are!
I don't mind seeing that lol but how crazy would that be
Today, the American accent to persons from France, China & Ethiopia. Meeting people from all over the world's such a bonus for me.
Watching Triple Dog..It's good so far(:
I'm going to get a starbucks and the evil robot watchers can't stop me.
Damn in Houston as well ?!?!??! today is a good day out here in Houston !!!!!!
Thanks for the shoutout. And you are smokin' btw.
Naw I was gon record it and send it to u I'm in sanantonio
-________- now I wanna dance.
its ok :/ not your fault
This nigga just asked me if I wear butt pads!! Uh.. No boo, home grown.. I feel violated!!
RT Neat tweets on Staining Concrete Floors Pool Decks Patios Interesting Looking take a look mand please RT
My knee jerk reaction to Cowboys schedule: 7-9. In case you care, Texans will go 10-6. (Taylor)
that's an awesome non-sequitor :) but calls to "lighten up" (like Rush made today) are often a warm-up for whines re pc-ness
sorry for the long answer, lol. This is a significant update from a photog's point of view. I am really digging it. :)
#austinMakeANewCover AUSTIN. U PROMISED US A COVER OF SHOULD'VE KISSED YOU AND U NEVER UPLOADED IT:(
YES IM PISSED!!!
This. By the time it reached the end of season three, it was classic TV.
: It's "sleep planking..." doctors have yet to discover the cure
: if you like rock music, go follow and listen to
Also, why is the AT&T helpbot convinced I have U-Verse? I don't.
dont forget BELEIBERS<33 FOLLOW ME. SHOW THE TRUE SUPPORT THANKS GUYS#teamfollowbackxoxo:)))
Tonight boss told me in all seriousness: best thing to do if I lock my keys in my office?go into storage room & shimmy through the ceiling.
I'm just as pale as you - I feel as though we have already bonded.
where are you finding Yuengling out here??
Last bootcamp today. Which is fine. I think the 5:20am alarm is slowly killing me....
Austin Mahone is my secret crush whom I've only told my parents, my school, and twitter about. Shhh..
here comes #FaithHill & that camel toe
Good morning friends! What's for breakfast? Anything from the market this past weekend?
I do, but not enough to move back anytime in the distant future LOL I'll visit during summers!! :)
yea I wasn't a huge fan of the shaky cam but the acting was so spot on
lol why did you sleep? :p and I'm great! I made the soccer team. Just finished my first practice :D
i guess now's the perfect time to start my ap lit summer homework! |:
Shit..How you been?!?
no but me and my bf took similar pics to it and posted it on tumblr. that shit came out better than this on tho lol
you graduated from Hamilton right?
Now in Focus Magazine's Spring Issue #20, A Retrospective of the Revolutionary #IrvingPenn and Modern Prints of
Ravens fans ~ Eternally BUTTHURT! Do we really have to go through this again this season? Steelers own you. Stop it already!
My coughing is getting much worse
I just caught the rerun ya Backstage- a lot of pretty gals can't act (Lipolelo aka Luyanda).
I'll make her my girl, everybody needs to just calm the hell down asking questions.
would enjoy is conference call hopping would become an Olympic sport. I'd clean up on the gold!
DC's Henderson: "Don't have to go outside the district to innovate ... Whole district vs. charter thing is a false dichotomy."
Traffic sucks!
VALID LIKE SALAD
Lord Jesus I need to clean my room .
ONE WAY
Thanks for the follow - looks like you tweet about all kinds of stuff. tell us about your mission.
it seems that someone is walking a tightrope across the harbor at 5:15... what?
GOOD LUCK TOMORROW!!!!!!!! LET ME KNOW HOW BAD Y'ALL BEAT EM!
website's down: too many hits. Love that ppl want 2 #DineOut. Check out this list 4 all rest in DMV
I hope doesn't have big plans for tonight, because I totally just put pajamas on at 4:42pm.
Aye u can have dat bitch.
Enjoying the spectacle of walkers and runners doing the Shamrock Shuffle up Observatory Drive.
Inaugural trip to Houston today. Initial impression is the #DumbAss driving a #Hummer with campaign signs for GOP courthouse candidate
Same reason why new high school stadiums cost millions ": And why does every new football stadium cost a billion dollars?
I Don't Understand Cats .
10 More Facebook Fans until we reach 750 fb fans, 5 more to 1200 twitter followers.
Askin Dumb Questions N' Junk .
I'm noticing that has really upped the Coke swag lately...
i still dont get why people thought i was white lol
Now this is the reason y I dont trust nobody
CLOSE THE CASKET RT : 10 bucks says that Mike Brown is still gonna return to his former job of being La-van hawkins
fleece bed sheets
Yea Jimmy DIDNOT play Me .. We stopped Talkingg because of Roc -____- so
Investors need funding for a project? Looking for a project? RealEstateinPDX can help...
With that special moon on Saturday, expect worse.
Our store will be closed this Saturday, May 12. We will be at our daughter's college graduation ceremony.
im tired.
Don't you know people write songs about girls like you?
Want to sample fine food? Willing to share your notes with your Twitter followers? Then apply to be taster at www.TasteTweet.com Plz RT
She Said Money Made Her Cum, I Say Money Make You Dum
Wish I could be watching golf instead of writing this paper. Someone please give me updates?
Your welcome :)
I feel like every Penguin fan respects the Devils. They're a rival, but they're a RESPECTED rival. Classy, classy team.
Definitely! And bring GREAT walking shoes! :)
Looks like its flip-flip-flip-adelphia in my building today. It's HOT in thurr!
thanks a lot, I just emailed you!
Twitter sees about 230 million tweets every day."
not yet...not sure how it would look
Can imagine if justin is boxing Hahaha justin, justin is that the real blood in your nose or what but ur caption says "kicked by ass" LOL.
Yes! I want some chinesee doi doi. When should we? And im wearing shorts to lololl
Bowling with Jacob, cam , and kins :)
Wanna get high? Great, lets climb to top of Empire State building
If y'all don't know ...get wit it PersistentHustle.com
#Blah......after affects of eating too much #chocolate :/
Happy Easter to everyone who observes the holiday! Fact of the day... only two weeks until Tall Palms Creative turns 5 years old!
Well it's over .... wins at Atlanta on a Tuesday afternoon ... YES, he beat #JimmieJohnson ....
Resurrecting the Rat Family? Really, ???
Everything was dope from like 8am-5pm then shit got crazy.
isn't #crowdsourcing supposed to be less - not more - exhausting?
i love an over easy morning. glad you like the new song!
so excited for our birthdays 😊 sleepovers again 👍
What a lovely feeling - Today is going to be a good day :-)
why wont anyone play words with friends with me? whhhyyyyy?
The Imperiled Promise of College - New York Times
Please God watch over our Military men and women, guide them to the right decisions and give them strength and courage.
Show of hands of who's NOT excited about Khloe and Lamar airing on E.
Adrenaline is Rocking the house tonight at JR's Bar & Grill in Olive Branch MS the show starts at 8:00p.m.
Damn she spoils me. Soo grateful ☺
absolutely. nothing like a boston chinatown cold tea party
The Cure, that is all
Wisdom comes with guarantee. Stupidity comes with no limit.
Don't forget 's #MakeItInAmerica Music video will premiere Friday, May 18th on VEVO & her Google+ Hangout on Sat @ 11am/ET
Our Spring/Summer 2011 issue will be released soon!
#uftda :) RT : #usguys #farmreport Almost finished leveling the single largest piece I own. 120 acres is a big field to me!
In what year was the Puppy Dog of 1812? Please name the location of where the beaches were stormed in World Puppy Dog II.
Thanks Nsa for the follow!
In fairness, his book was about making PHP mimic the behavior of another language.
"We have a Hulk". I call him Jesus
just used tumblr to explain citations
Is 7 45 too early to sign a lease? Not when the complex has called you 6 times in two days.
LOL! I like it.
you know it!!
I'm in algebra 2 also...unlike you...I love this class ;)
But yeah, perhaps can't resell it.
Meditation is the beat that frees my soul. (as long as I don't "get lost in the rock and roll.")
THATS BECASUE WE ARE #WORKAHOLICS, BUT THAT MAY CHANGE LATER...
your right ;) you are <3 lol
My grandpa called me to tell me he loves me more than he did yesterday. Lmao
I cant say it enoughn
I LOVE Westerns!
4 days left til DC's at Nats Park! I'm walking in honor of my preemie daughter, Mercer and raising $ please msg me to help.
I would be happy to help!
you're trippin Orange Pedialyte is the truth. Grape is close.
Yeah he did. He stayed with me in the hospital the whole time.
: Thanks for posting those two new promos for Criminal Minds! I love the first one that is a minute long! Gives more detail!
That's the truth Preach!
if you want netflixs but also want games than also get gamefly it's same service as netflixs but for video games.
Nate silver : Obama has gotten a favorability boost from staying out of the news.
bro look deep into your wallet.
I gotta go with La Tavola on Mt. Washington or Sarafino's in Crafton. I need to try Cibo, thanks!
The best word possible you can say before farting is artisanal.
Urgent Care today and tests show still localized, no spreading. Have to watch. Thx!
Rodrigo y Gabriela tonight! RT : Any good shows in Portland? How's the music scene?
Ugg. Got my new phone....now i have to start all over with my music collecrion.
Waiting in our pick
GREAT DEAL FOR MOTHER'S DAY! Over 50% Off at Choles Floral in Madison. www.dealoria.com
Recording time, hope everyone enjoys the new song
Scanning. 'Nuff said.
Aw, we're blushing! Thank you!
Any thing along the lines of collab,etc you know how the game go lls
is that even a question??
Anyone had any experience with #P2Plending? #Prosper #LendingClub et al. Viable investment vehicle in these uncertain times?
Do you think Catty has her own twitter handle?
If the Quince hadn't been canceled, the family would of been getting ready to go or alreadt at the Beach In L.A.
I miss you, a lot.
We should focus on the now and three years from now.
We love our boys, they work hard and they need our support
Thanks for the RTs!
rather than torpor; in short, for a sort of life rather than a Monday through Friday sort of dying." - Studs Terkel,
Loving vlingo :O
ill be at work watching it online lol
Don't tell her how much fun it is!! :)
FUCKKKK I have got to return this red box movie!!!
you killed them tonite!
cool man! Let's rock!
ok that is acceptable & admirable! Don't forget to hit up and about planning our joint surprise party.
Where stories come alive
Wow! Been a whirlwind week. Probably taking the day off. We'll have another story tomorrow sometime. Thx RunnerNation!
What is something that really has made you LOL lately?
You can take a sneak peek of ARTS NEW WEBSITE at www.areasontosurvive.org
I could do it but I won't.
Thanks for the support!
First of all isn't the wife ur friend! Don't get involved!
"I got da Power!"
Speaking of #oldschool, I'm going to see Boys II Men tonight.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world <3
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” Dr. Seuss [Happy Bday 3-2-1904]
wish I could be there! I ❤ and !
Finals at 4..luck for me...
Woohoo!! Thanks for supporting this wonderful cause, Spencer! :)
Thanks we appreciate it!
I kinda like all these dudes robocalling me, they make a guy feel important. No robo.
Cold mornings like this remind of grade school days
Dayton Family. Lol... I see you bro! Haha
We are open today but may be closing early depending on how busy we are so come down and see us
in Chicago with , &
This one of those late night tweets from a bar!! Brought to you by alcohol! Drinking alone is best when no one is around.
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL SHUT THE F**K UP!!!
Amy Winehouse dead. She had just begun. Addiction is a bitch. May your soul rest.
What is a man supposed to do? I've had the world on my shoulders for years? I can't have fun?
RT The lesson of belief in yourself is taught to you through your haters and choosing to shine on anyways.
twitter elite brings that hot shit # trendsetters
Beach time! With Victor and Kass(:
haha ya!! Haha I hope he saw that tweet!!
Haven't tweeted in a while but I'm still here fighting the good fight of faith!
shaQ did say that correct that udonis is the original member of the big 3# 32
Our #movement isnt all about #HipHop and #Rap. Theres another world out there and its called the rave world and we are apart of it
so pretty. Happy Birthday!
Don't sleep on tix. Goes on sale at mezzanine tomorrow.
I spent 40 minutes doing Wii Sports. 148 calories burned.
Mizzou is officially in SEC mode.
Me to:P
no problem! That's so scary !
I suppose it is frowned upon in most cultures to drink a beer at 7:30am. But I'm from
"The key is to keep believing." Chris Paul
I got u
Now watching Easy A haha ive seen this movie God knows how many times and i still LOVE it
#FF #FollowFriday Susan Fernsebner; Associate Professor of Chinese History
less I have to read about him the better.
It's November! 2 more months of 2011!
so I'll see to ufriday or sat
Dude, where have you been all my life?
getting ready to watch the #SOTU...same ole lip service I'm sure! #IrootforNewt!
Finished #reading Unplugging Philco by Jim Knipfel. Funny, sarcastic, thought provoking, and surprising. Liked it more than I expected to.
Hanger steak with roasted cauliflower, charred celery, & grilled horseradish vinaigrette
The only thing I'm looking forward to today is that #Dreamchasers2 🔥👌
You go, Lauren! Follow your dreams!
hah, yeah I guess. I like the rain though. but yeah thanks, I plan on stayin' up like the moon. ;)
Massage, shop, nap, dog walk, beer pong? Ok. It's Saturday, why not.
I have a friend This Chef deserves his own cooking show. He is all personality.
"Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best"
My Moms Friend House
HEY! Wednesday S/O & girl after my own heart !
RT: ": HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAXO!! YOUR BIG BROTHER LOVES YOU!! #HappyBirthdayJaxon"
everyone okay?
“: keep mine” of course babycakes!☺
haha I was kidding(:
I think the gummy bears sold us.. we'll be there! Any specials that we should know about? Twitter discounts? :)
Thanks for the heads up!
YOUR dog?! What am I? Chopped liver?
Hey...Happy Easter! I hope all is well.
thanks for the love !
I drive, you buy???
On a health kick. Spent an extra 10 minutes at the gym over and above my usual 45.
I feel Great !!! Always believe in yourself. You can do whatever you set your mind to, if your friends doubts you, they're not your friends.
also, looking forward to your book! pls let me know when it's available :-) My partner also adds: VDU 21 (I have no idea).
Can bees fly in the rain ?Not without their little yellow jackets !
I'm so glad that I don't have a baby momma!!!
Ughh he boring AF ! I need some new texting buddies ASAP !!! :-/
Happy Birthday to Riverwood's finest
mama just said "wat say BOW BOW BOW" Ctfu .that was funny af
Thanks Lauren! I'm mildly obsessed with DVF. You know I got it on sale ;)
oh and, thank you for the flowers!!! :D
plz don't tell me this is serious smh lol
Okay never mind! 😠
What the fuck does it matter that Brock Lesnar is ugly? It doesn't! Half of them are! So STFU already! Damn!
will be starring in "The Secret Life of Smitty", with #BenStiller, #KristenWiig, &
Franklin, Greenfield and Germantown. If you speak with the dept managers they will be sure to get whatever you would like =)
I agreed RT : Its definitely time to eat. lunch is more like breakfast these days...
I was honored to ship gloves to an air base in Hawaii. Wish I could have delivered in person. We love our military enormously.
I need to decide what to make for Thanksgiving! Dessert suggestions anyone?
The hell kinda response is that?! Clown. RT : you're welcome.
My colleagues are having an office discussion about strategy for Words with Friends.
I SERIOUSLY CAN'T RECORD THIS SONG ALL THE WAY THROUG WITHOUGT SOMEONE WALKIN IN
I wish Charleston had a #Portillos 🍴
I wanna see in Philly on Saturday
Thanks. I think i started early, i already gained 2 lbs. I have to slow down a little bit. ;)
Happy Birthday Aly!!
awesome list. Thanks for that!
Woke up singing #DontYouBeHolding ..shorty got mean walk,mean shoe game, b***h badder than any b***h tht u name.. #SHEBAD :-)
I hope it's the latter 😊
I did! I got laid off in May 2008 and maintain that it was the best thing that happened to me professionally. I'd love to share.
Get campaign updates through your phone!!!! Text "Columbus" to 82672 for updates!
The penguins are revolting! Run for your lives!
Thanks for the support, everyone!
Thanks Robert! We think you're pretty on point, too.
thanks for having me Erica! I had a great time playing at the benefit & for a great cause!
I'm still lost for words to describe this feeling I have!
Some DMB and maybe I'll fall asleep
Making final tweaks on the new album artwork! Thank god for McDs free wifi and my car power adaptor!
If you're an Indiana #librarian please consider retweeting and telling your friends about the site! The more who know the more we help!
I fucking hate living here.
Thanks for the
Q: what do you like better oranges or apples? A: oranges!
People that feel the need to constantly brag are insecure
I dislike when I spray cologne in my mouth >.< on the bright side my mouth smells good ^_^
lololol!! xD yeah I was WAIT NO U DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG! Haha <3
Get those votes in! You control the countdown! Send em to at 69822 thru text!
You've used that one like four times.
You are AWESOME.
I've done tie Miller factoey tour, time to see the other half - Coors factory ho!!
My eye needs to stop twitching _-_
Dance is a song of the body. Either of joy or pain. ~Martha Graham
if you think that's bad, a friend just noticed a happy birthday text from 2010.
for broadway musical
I really enjoy watching America's Got Talent with Freygirl! It's the only thing that's got her out of her room for weeks!
How did the Scandy personality come about? Did you workshop it?
Um.... I need someone to get my furniture out of storage in Miami and bring it to New Orleans! Any takers? lol
Love it. Like Maurice Agis's Dreamspace but made of plants
I want to get back to my SLIME CITY 3 script after I finish THE JULIAN YEAR novel, but someone in Buffalo is already making it, so screw it.
I don't think they can arrest you in your own home unless they have a warrant or something.
Thanks for your support! It's much appreciated.
trailer premiers at #MashCon tomorrow at 9am PST! Head to Veetle channel to be with the aud live!...
you're amazing good job.
Opening #aafpalf plenary w/ Pres Glen Stream: Family medicine is an unstoppable force but we have work to do. Engage your colleagues!
Sound check at the Patriot Center. Getting pumped for the show tonight!
Follow and I'll follow back on instagram: charasmaticchick 😘
I requested to marry you on fb but you never accepted so....
Peet's French roast, hands down
An unspoken truth of grad school is that most of us feel that way ALL THE TIME. Alas, this isn't one of the ways you are special.
Here, too. RT Geez I hate the Phillies so much.
OMG. NO. NO! CAPITAL LETTERS! EXCLAMATION POINTS!
Listening to "Too Many People" from Billy Pilgrim. They were so damn good. Need to head over to and see what's new.
RT : hey homie it's been a minute! Could I get you to follow my group its done bro all g my way
Mixing is done! It sounds fucking huge thanks to Chico Jones at Ohm Recording Facility. Looking forward to sharing the songs very soon.
" prettiest girls usually the ones who get played the most .. "
watching tom and jerry, while food is being done :)
Dear every other award nominee; #ChristopherPlummer just showed you how to give an #Oscar acceptance speech. Take note.
Back from and after a week of press for #rawessentials. Met some great people
i love you.
Hey, Stoya, you so fine, you so fine you blow my mind, hey stoya.
Sometimes your the only thing in life that makes sense to me
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently.
Make sure you tell the wifey I said goodnight sleep tight and tuck her in real good for me bro... Thanks.
"Our whole life is solving puzzles." Erno Rubik
I'm'a go play some accordion at Mickey's open mic tonight. Come say hello! It'll be a good post-fete fete!
The last time he followed his heart he ended up in a bar in San Jose! Bar wins again.
Reviewed talking pts 4 presentation w/ & excited 2 share awesome stories of users
2 headline-making reports about #immigration law problems from and Read at nyti.ms/vuFBso and bit.ly/ssuCMs
If you were my boyfriend, I'd never let you go ♥
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God, doesn't mean you stop believing.
da best so FUCK brewed fresh bitchez talk'n mess hit em with dat tech i said we comin for ya now they drip'n down im sweat
please follow me :)
Umm, where? I'm so there! RT : Did you know there is a CANDY STAND here ???
Did you know women are more susceptible to vision issues due to longevity and other factors. Prevent Blindness America has designated...
Who needs an UNDERDOG WINNER today for FREE?!?! Secret picks are 4-0..let's keep it goin... Write to me to get it!
my shorts are wayy too short and my thighs look huge. someone please shoot me-_-
Following #sxsw panels on twitter and watching Breakfast At Tiffany's w/ , while recovering from a hangover.. perfect Sunday.
ahh man facebook picture is like a year old, and twitter one was old too, need a new one.
WHATS UP MAN!! COME OUT THAT SHELL.
don't look at me, I'm fucked up on cornbread
Be sure to stop by the College Dems table on Bostwick Commons for Club Day !!
Hey You, Guess What ! I'm Proud Of You :)
that's really just not okay to say out loud...
Veterans Day - thank you to all our veterans. "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
haha ya the superior side!
"RT: did this tour today, it was AMAZING" Awesome! So happy you enjoyed your tour! Happy Aloha Friday, :)
Raburn responsible for 4 runs yesterday, just gave 3 of them back.
Glad to hear it! RT : in other news - going to tonight for some great food and amazing music.
Please take me back......
Volunteers needed to pose for "before and after pics" for our website/facebook. Call 214-716-0810 to discuss details/perk for participating
lololol that was easy!
I hate my parents
Attn Sr. Mgrs: Your Middle Mgrs & EEs have brains too. Take a min. to hear what they have to say; you might learn something! :)
Watch those spots - Chicago Tribune
Hater I be doing me you guy should be doing y'all !
It is very important to have goals. Goals are like a roadmap to life. They guide you on your lifepath.
Happy Doctors Day to some of our doctors on twitter:
good mornin twitter world!!!!
biggest lottery winner ever $390 million. The mega millions jackpot for tonight.. $640 million and counting?!
go do that then
Just read the HuffPo article. My mom's name is Wendy too. I thought the article was going to be about me for half a second.
did you make it on?
Category 9-A winner is Oak Brook Productions (WGN-TV)
At Next for El Bulli menu. I'm already foaming at the mouth.
Well we got translation on
Someone give me a topic and I will make a 100% hilarious twitter joke about it in less than a minute. This is a once in a lifetime offer.
Sounds good. Yrs ago in SD I used to go to a v. good burrito place near the Red Fox Piano Bar, as I recall...
Your rants intrigue me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
It's Wednesday?! Morning!! RT : Morning! Wednesday? Alright, alright, alright!
#IfIwasPresident...oh people, don't even make me go there...
Been mega-busy and neglecting twitter. Lost like 3 followers, but that's a situation for another time. Goodnight twitter.
Told my 10 year old sister about fans waiting outside of Harry & Zayn's house and she laughed and said they issues
2,400 plays on The Little Green Monster EP!!! Can't wait to release the new one :)
RT: #Blogger must pay $2.5M for defamation Best of luck collecting it...
Walsh is ____!
Rac'ist -- just to be clear.
I’m focused, thinkin’ like I got 2 brains.
OK, that's a good suggestion. Thanks!
The performance of streaming has been PATHETIC over the past few weeks. What other options are out there?
boo papers!
that was preliminary guesstimate. order to eliminate current and future majormaintenance and fund next genneration IT
I don't see phx nor njd winning. So yes, the NHL will be happy to get the media markets of LA and NYC
it's only me and my guitar. yeah bitch I'm heavy metalin. you can get the fuckin led zeppelin.
ok its cool, hows the road treatin you
the site is pretty, but it often feels impenetrable... which has honestly made me visit much less than I once did.
Thanks for the RT You rock!!
I think im taking my workout outside .. cause it's a nice evening :)
#passover is one of my favorite holidays; and the brisket doesn't suck either ;-) happy holiday...whatever you choose to celebrate
Quit being like this. You didn't used to be like this.
On a serious hunt for white acrylic paint.
What you doing srry I was at this party
Great job!
Good. I am working on a big time mural project. The painting begins next week. When done I will post pics on twitter.
That's nice and early! My finals are next week with grades due the week after that. Getting closer.
this beer is heavier than I remembered.
Amazing. Go blue.
Sky Blue Marketing, thanks for following
Sounds Awesome!RT : Kajagoogoo is back! Tonight is 80s night at Oliver's (Cask) & the 6B Lounge. "
come #GETLIFTED tonight at #FB's and see #therevivalists from Louisiana and #frogsgonefishin from Colorado!
Good morning twitter --
Oh, no! Perhaps a patch? And then you can swagger around saying, "You should see the other guy!"
you would.
Don't forget to check out your local tomorrow for the free Rose Care for Beginners class!
This is a static age we live in.
Don't try, just get me my pizza puff. Lmao
One challenge we don't have: creating interactive tours for cruise ship stops. Great job covering so much, Scott Neel.
"u had me at chad!" c u then
ahahahahahah that was hilarious! I love you!
Love on Top came on at the restaurant I was at. I yelled "This is a JAM!" People looked, but I'm still right.
1 wk from today, we tape pilot ep 3 from in with guest and more! Show starts 8p, box off at 7
Do it all. RT : Went to Indie Book Fest today. Now I want to write a book, make my own zine and start a lit/arts mag.
Planning pitch opportunities for new TV & entertainment subsidiary
do the bracelets actually work? I thought the maker paid millions for false advertising.
Just need 3 more people to "like" this page to get the ball rolling...thanks for joining and please tell your friends!
Everyone is getting sick of these updates...so am I. Here's the last one: Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza tonight 6pm $5
Jon Ippolito: "DRM on DVDs make drink coasters out of culture" - can't burn new copies, authentication servers go dark...
Registered for AAG ! See you all in NY Feb 24-28 !
Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery...
stfu before I snatch u bitch up like da Situation is wat I told a lame da other day ha
#RnRDAL aka Dallas hotter than hell is in the books.
but we didnt hold hands at the gym..|:
Please tell me that's not a real quote!
Hesitant to call with just now tying up score with New York and only 4:16 remaining in the 1st period...
Oh, swanky.
i had a dream about drinking coffee.. i was tired before i woke up.
Did you know: In 1929, due to the economic effects of the Great Depression, this is the only year SECO was not held.
Don't chew gum in the shower...
Almost finished reading Unwind. We're doing a "Cy-Ty" reenactment in class Tuesday.
Jaysus this photog will not stop talking. kill me now.
We was watching beyond scared stright this man had 1st degree he have to serve 999years ctfu
O great boosies free
Grads: Pursue a realistic dream: That's good news for the economy but it's a more nuanced matter for those entering the real world th...
#WhyWouldYou think I'll stick around after u cheat hm reality check!!!!!!!
Hey I let you see somethings (;
What you doin?
Its 11am and I am already seeing wine in my future this evening.
lol sorry was thinking my niece who would fling her dress above her head and say that. U'd think by age 30 she'd stop!
Don't procrastinate. Once you get into the routine of exercising, you won't be able to get enough.
remember I have its sister
Mindless Behavior vs. One Direction
... is taking reservations for New Year's Eve dinner. 4 course, prix fixe menu. Call 317.822.6757 now to save your seats!
1 in 6 children who do not read proficiently in the third grade don't graduate high school on time
What are some challenges #physical #therapists may face when trying to advance in their field? How can they overcome them?
BOUT TIME BARACHNESS
Way to fight back from 0-2 to get the tie against Slovenia... #USA ...too bad the refs took the win away from us...
I spit my gum out an hit my roommate in the head with it. Now that is some true talent!
we'd use that. Needs an app. “: We can skin our cards for any use! #RedCardCaffeinePlan? #SMBMad”
Might you be thinking of Phileas Fogg from Around the World in 80 Days?
That just made the Newcastle-City game that much bigger. Definitely pulling for the Magpies for the next two weeks.
#HappyMothersDay!! Wish I was in Florida to celebrate :/
aren't you going to the Montbello graduation
Wifi bus out of range. As far as you're concerned, I am #InternetDead for the next 2 hrs. I don't have the constitution to tweet on my phone
Several mentions of India, China, South Korea. Subtle inclusion of foreign relations in #SOTU - very nice!
is listening to the new Janet Jackson single :-)
We've entered a new corruption age. 1st it was the major banks, 2nd was News International (Murdoch), 3rd was Walmart, who is next?
bored what 2 do what 2 do ha ha ha ha
Excellent choice.
I'm bout to turn the fuk up!!! Go the best stylist and makeup artist on my side && I'm ready 4 the world!!
you know I would never say no to bookoff! :D
crypt keeper strikes again
you're clothes are nice, but i think they would look better on the floor of bedroom.
miss u too love <3 hope I get to see u soon
i feel ya cuzo
guess so!
Love that our circ manager is tweeting our collection move! We're integrating multiple collections into 1 A-Z call number range.
This. RT : Sarah Phillips integrity
Ha my eyes lit up when I saw your tweet. Just announced this morning!
Nope. Not working. Geno is still the man. lol!
Ha! No way - just the worst by me! :) Really been enjoying yours, though!
Of course Jennette where else would they come fromm;) lmaoo..
let's shoot for 9:30a tomorrow
Being single is really getting old.
Hold up, Lance Stephenson is in the NBA?
My puppy is a lady killer. When a hot girl comes up, he rolls and begs for affection. He runs away from less cute girls, scared.
I reached out to your manager to get you a VIP Peachy Reward Card. You could have parked Indoors Free! Ask Ryan about it
I first like One Direction because they're soo cute but now that i'm finally listening to their album, I love them! <3
Is he capable of love?
Tomorrow! I'll have to fight through an exam first, though.
That cinches it then. Of course my second choice was "mrC1"
Wikipedia, oh how i missed you. It's like the collective knowledge of the world disappeared for one day. Thanks a lot Congress.
Starting a week-long vacation today. Headed to NYC to visit #1 son. Looking forward to seeing and fam.
the same:)
stuck in houslantavagas
idk getting under the influence somewhere.. I'm prob gonna get a room to crash at after I'm done partying.
Whoa! I didn't know they did that... what's the heading?
Everything isn't all of what it seems!! Don't be so quick to make assumptions!!!!!!
ill make your bed rock too ;)
#WarrenBuffet FOR PRESIDENT! He seems to b the only member of the elite class that is truly concerned about the fate of our country.
#quote #Boxing is the ultimate challenge, Nothing can compare to testing Uself the way U do every time U step in the ring Sugar Ray Leonard
“: Dear Facebook friend that posts inspirational quotes, your inspirational quotes have inspired me to unfriend you!”
oh gosh! hahah it definitely did, thanks for that
Happy Halloween!!!
yay! Thanks for finding your inner bollywood! we welcome your feedback!
RT : 224,000 Gulf War-era II Veterans looking for work! Skills are HIGHLY Transferable!
...wondering why when I specify "Remember me" on login, it never does? If I treated girls like that...
WOW is that shirt offensive.
Setting up for the week, busy week ahead with an out-of-town shoot coming up on Friday
Uk friend tells me Wilders thing "not true". Me: Really?! Great! How did you hear? Him: Well its not in the papers, is it? Me: Oh.
Popping these gummy starburst..
LAST CALL IS NOW MARCH 12th AT LOON!
OK, never trust a web host whose support staff has to put you on hold for 5 minutes to look up the URL to the cpanel.
awesome we shall chill this week my little porchmonkey :)
thanks man! Glad you liked it. Bout to release my 4th in a couple months!
im great! how are you?
RT : Its not what you have that makes you SUCCESSFUL ,But its who you are that opens the door to SUCCESS.
oh me too. They were so cute in the skit when they were dancing like silly people!
Hey Girl. Skeet skeet?
At the Fern Park Bowling lanes. Sam's Clubs are bowling to benefit local kids!
nope, visiting the family and then back home to continue to unpack! You!? Happy Easter too! :)
"I feel faint, somebody give me a ham sandwich."
RT : Looks like Steve Blake wasn't wit Kobe shootin in the gym either...Haha <- X________X
Jim Ripp tonight Performing a snow dance as he takes requests! 8pm til close
Obama campaign returning about $200K in contributions by family of Mexican casino owner who fled U.S. after facing drug& fraud charges
plz follow she will follow u back!!!!!!!
I got an internship let's see where this goes
I don't rly like geese but I feel bad for them on a day like today :( keep warm little goose eggs!!!!
I only speak truth haha
I got to watch that last night before it came out in theaters today!! Let me know how you like the movie!!
HEY PEOPLE FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness you! Don't despise the process.
: Admit it. U r there. MT : Crowds lining up for & at
Glad I could brighten up your day!
my background is in public health & HIV outreach my concerns are around suicide risk if discover HIV+ & reporting
im looking for ZENDAYA4eva
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
What's up #Steelernation? What position or player u hoping 4 with our 1st pick?
IMWhiteMaleO black *religious* people should know better what it means to be repressed for no reason and quit trying to ruin it.
oh I will. Any suggestions from the coastie?
Live today - because tomorrow is not promised
oh ok. Now I get it lol
and shes now of a different race
Indians with a nice comeback in tonight's game agains the Twins with a 7-6 victory
the link is on 's twitter.
I mean, the guys who run Adult Swim are practically the same guys who created Toonami anyway, so it's only fair. Same with their audience.
too much ice cream?
It's okay for the media to get fixed on something, even if it's PBO's stand on marriage like it's new. PBO can take it anyway!
Brewers win and the Cards blow it in the 9th - a great day in baseball
Having a fever.......Not fun
Getting my broom ready...
Life-giving conversations
RT : Collaboration tools make it easier to access information from your employees.
A Day in the Life: Gym Bag Contents- Part I | thefitcoach
glad to hear you had a great time with Ronald and friends!
i love that uses a white background for his talk. preaching what you practice;
when we were talkin on the fone nd i was saying random shit cuhss i was hungry xD
but does that mean spend 28 mil for 3 years and then rebuild in 3 years again?
i know well can you ask to follow me
GO BLUES!!!
But I'm not a whore
A three-hour session of Call of Duty domination mode between Israel and Iran would cool off a lot of their tensions I believe.
So it's okay for other people to have attitudes but when I have one it's a problem!? Well okay then.
Already got a bunch of requests for tonight's show, what's yours???
Big spender?
that's funny. Carl Edwards was stretching it just a bit:-)
How can one not love this day! Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!!
Does that website [if] really work?
I don't wanna do anything today
me too!
That second sentence. YES. I don't think I ever played Battleship as a kid. I missed out =/
yeaaaaaahh me too
Full city
Justin Bieber on Ridiculousness :D
#boxing #quote Boxing is the toughest and loneliest sport in the world. Frank Bruno
you're a tinted window
I wish I could go to sleep and wake up a new person !
With end-of-year ceremonies right around the corner... please share your favorite troop awards celebrations!
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Bowling for Vagina
And it closes at 4:15 RT : Post Ofc in Hall J, way in back behind Placement Ctr, Parade of Bookmobiles
Have a hangover :|
Think Ima go do this Boxing class today with my personal trainer
Seems like missed that over 100 ppl living w/ disabilities along w/ Noah Wyle were arrested on Capitol Hill today!
#favoriteTVLANDshows, happily divorced and hot in Cleveland<3
May be a trademark violation RT : hope you're getting a cut of that.
dude that would be amazing!!!!! :D we should do that!!!
Finally saw Pedro Almodóvar's "Broken Embraces"... its AMAZING! If you haven't seen it yet, I suggest you check it out!
You got the wrong number
When I get out of this place I'm in... I will smack the duck out of someone
": I have heard of women that aren't crazy, but I've also heard of Unicorns." True,but ive never met either
Yo I be there in five minutes five hours later I be there in five minutes gone head and ride with it
gues the TRUE BREWERS MVP will have to do it ...... Come on Casey McG
Looking for musicians that think outside the box. Think differently, unconventionally or from a new perspective - www.USAMusician.net
I feel bad for the Orioles' starters. The defense behind them is horrible.
OH: "I was calm as a door nail!" ... #really?
eat like a bird but you #%# like a cow...
In other news, I do believe tonight will be spent with my two dear friends, Ben and Jerry.
Right on right on...
JFG students High School hosted a school-wide collection of canned goods. They collected 200+ canned items & 100+ non-canned items.
Do you really think the Government is out to protect your rights?
While flipping channels between the Sixers, Phillies, and Flyers I noticed that I am a huge front runner
Its hot
Can anyone think of current programs that feature Latinos as prominent actors on tv shows? Programs similar to Rob.
I literally won't be able to sit through one more sappy romance movie for a while... Too much... Bring on the horror! :/
I bet Mark Cuban traded for Odom and benches him the ENTIRE season after elbowing Dirk in the playoffs. lmao!
ha remember you asked me when the fair in springs is? Well its this weekend :x same as your prom lmao.
Yayy Were Twitaah Friends! :D Love U To Hah! U Will Be In Cali Someday I Promice!!Never Give Up! Love Ur Bio! ;]
All men are different, but husbands are all alike
marmot snowpants! Yours?
I came out the wound thuggin
Robin Williams is a good singer.
How to solve the PDX snow/ice issue, SALT. Done, over with, next topic.
i think lebron should try and go for a game winning shot
You do have a fantastic site!!!
Dayton continues to lead early in the second half. Flyers 34 Stags 31.
A delayed flight in Denver...argh!!!
running about 38 minutes behind. OH no! Good night lol
It was a fun blast from the past seeing my old rugby coach at O'Rourkes today! =^.^=
change up was hilarious.
This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine...
Yes, environment and peer groups are key. But tchrs and parents CAN affect the environment
I'd have some fun with you
The Mayor is getting tired. Just confused Supervisors Yaroslavsky and Katz.
who's ready for #happy hour? $2 PERONI & SELECT BOTTLE BEER, $3 HOUSE WINES, $4 FRIGO COCKTAIL. see you at 5!
It could probably beat you in a fight, though. And it tastes better. RT : The Blackburn chicken has nothing on me.
Closing out PTO with lawn mower, car wash, and dry cleaner (LCD)
Do you work with students with disfluency? Would love to get your feedback on !
I love how willy wonka just avoids answering questions.
aye Nick Mara you turn my swag on:) ♥
Check out this fun video created by AmeriCorps NC team Gold 1. It documents their adventures in the wildlands of Catalina Island....
Heading to the Asian Festival today in downtown Columbus, OH...awesome event :) How about you and your beautiful wife?
Well, shit, if hell just froze over...I think I might be screwed! Damniiiiit!!! But cheers to you & your Dad!
Yes, though the effect may be lost if the tone is more subdued.
That's my perspective as a gamer, anyway. Looking forward to trying out Temple Run on my Android soon for a breath of fresh casual air.
A stink bug just dove antennae first into my TV. Must be a suicide stink bomber.
I got it going 7 But LeBron will take over.
I'll be posting a full response that will address your question on my website. It will be up tonight or tomorrow morning.
Hello Monday my old friend
Concerning Mr. Fremont, I can only say that I am glad he was not in charge of protecting Mr. Lincoln.
thx for the follow karen
Safe trip to my ninja wallace..
OMG!! Nicholas Tse on #ANTM! So FINE!!! Love his movies. Okay, let's see who gets eliminated this week.
Watching "Red Riding Hood" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
I want a new twitcon
That episode of SNL may have saved the Tebows from worst performance of the day.
Ok, I am ready for warm weather in Chicago again:)
Sweeping in Cinci.
I dnt get sleep. That's the only thing that be getting me, but its worth it.... I'm bout to text you in a min. :)
I was perfectly fine being unplugged haha
I love writing 5 page research papers on a book I don't even own.
": There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family."
Paul Pierce should be suspended for #tebowing in the
you didn't mean to txt Me that ??? :(
I get mixed feelings when i see furries in public.
keep shut and ditch any dairy. We had a hurricane last year and had to pitch everything after two days
crap! I just realized I never responded to the invite but yes I am :)
at Water Tower Place. :)
lmao oh damn u like seth!
I'm loving all the picture is posting.
Sigh… The correct contraction of “have” with would/should/could, etc., is “’ve”, NOT “of”. If you write “would of”, you just look stupid…
Thank you! Nice to see the state I love.
Will do Ben! Thanks
has anyone actually verified no two fingerprints are alike im getting suspicious
Watching all of #thewanted's videos. I love Nathan.<3 ahahaha. Me and my best friend are so pathetic. <3
Thanks for the FF!
Just want it to be Saturday already!!
RT : kathleen is a jazz interpreter,a great singer,and one sharp lady! <= Of this, I have no doubt, Mike!
nagging def not
SAY SOMETHIN BABY DONT BE SO SHY
starts when they leave shop. They are at rf.
agreed and I'm the type to say whatever comes to mind whether it makes sense or not
Omg haven't been on here in so long!! I miss everyone!
i really dont b seein it
Of cοurse! I can't wait!!!!
Im at Aurum Studios gettin right!!!! Need to get you down here to work on some heat!!! holla at me
i feel bad for cassidy cause i text her a ton of stupid shit.
ill check into him and his wiki, thanks!
That's thoughtful. “: the woman who vacuums our studio reminds me of you. I think she's Mexican.”
do u have customized library/info literacy/tech standards that you assess each year? working on skills/standards based portfolio
what content specialty your doing?
Everything seems to be pointing to a Jets/under play tonight. Absolutely everything...which makes me think it's better to just lay off
Need a Holiday gift for your favorite lawyer? How about a custom made legal-themed chess set? Holla at me!
It's not sad that me and Callie can say the lines of the notebook while we watch it
Quasi birthday brunch (quasi on both the birthday and the brunch) in the midst of bocce tournament.
Shouldn't you actually show music videos to put on a video awards show?
text me bro
You do realize you went there for three years and you had plenty of opportunities to get a sweatshirt?
#NewOrleansBowl Cajuns win in another bowl thriller!!
what's news tiger?
could I meet u 2 have u sign my arm to get tatted beside it? It would mean the world if u have the time to do it, huge fan of u
Diaz against Miller fight was crazy.
Welcome to the Web Use Lab, looking forward to meet you and talk about research on Web knowledge ;-)
wow... just said the announcer said someone got hit by a train...why would they announce that?
Ever notice how stoners eat so much, yet 90% of them are thin? Its because weed helps stimulate your metabolism and burns calories faster.
Playing on the I pad after a long COLD softball game!!! ;)
Quick lunch break then first exam of 4 for my coast guard captain's license. Feeling pretty good about this one.
how aren't you one ?!
good thing I don't have any stalkers...that I know of.
It's really annoying when you say you love me then ignore me , like pick a side . Damn .!
please come get me at 12:30
Sounds like a good summer plan. Mine is probably similar.
sometimes i wish i were a mermaid/:
Prepping to cover the night with My roommate. Here we go!
#everybodyhasthat1follower who sends you malware through links
Wiz real name is cameron....fits lls
is rocking tonight! Who was lucky enough to get a ticket to this sold out show?
"Social science is, then, a social construction of a social construction." Ah, Bourdieu, I love you.
It's easy to envision an end-state. But mapping out how it happens, how long & mood/sentiment is very, very hard. Near impossible.
yesssshhh it is ^.^= but he wrote me on facebook last night so that made me super happy <33333
- branding is cirtical in both, but in b2c the challenge is time to market is less, ppl overcompensate #B2BCHAT <--True.
much love & respect ;-)
Making Mealtime Special- Tip #1 - If you have kids let them help you prepare the food.
if my mom understands that i'm tellin jokes then...wait, can u take that broom stick outta yer ass? it's distracting.
yay RT “: Thinking about visiting in Curacao! RT : wleerpcv Where are you going to go?”
hahaha well thanks for being an awesome person and clicking on whatever you clicked on lol!!!
Those are just accessories. You can sell the wine through us. We ship in 2-3 days. We can do a 1 to 10,000 bottles.
Hey now, don't make me feel guilty for being tired!
What's happening Great to meet you! How's filmmaking treating you?
"i feel like if we go in there all were gonna do is breathe other peoples breath"
it is! How have you been?
I don't care what the constitution says, I care what my union contract says.
fml ... Horrible day . just gonna lay in bed all night long .
I hate Faye's Mom and I hate Diana's Dad. How could they kill Cassie's mom, just for more power?!!? If only the teens knew
Wheels up...
Saw Thelma from Good Times too.
RT Secret show tonight @ the music file lounge @
Don't miss 's The Language Archive, directed by Great show!
No, Greg, I'm just smooth like a criminal.
no i dont y
Yum, sounds good! RT : Your Croissant French Toast is the best!
u can't eat just one. :-) #chocolatechipcookieday naughty
ahh thanks for following Michael! :)
OK. I will call/email if I need you.
He been in the league 10 years lmao
keep rubbing it in! lol
it was a little windy over here but not that much :)
You should rock summerfest with
Im so proud of what I aint achieved yet
Ruby Tuesday salad bar. Hell yeah.
The Bakehouse is clearly the place to be!! For seeing AND being seen!! Panopticon indeed!
girl you bet oh by the way i got something very interesting to tell you
Shit happens. Oh well. Was just trying to be helpful.
Hell no. I've guarded the door for women many times.
was feeling particularly well-grounded today, so of course I got info that requires rethinking my entire plan of action for the next 3 days
SPAZZIN OUT WITH IN PROB&STAT.
sugar free cocoa, you are a godsend.
well it seems to be trend for some...especially in Chicago
Think I want that Popeye's special today.
what ate you wearing?
Delaunay says its easier to partner with state actors in non political crises, such as floods but harder in conflicts.
Ugh, not ready for 2012. I haven't even bought a new calendar yet, or for that matter changed my 2011 one to December.
3/19/2011 the Supermoon will be a sight to see, go outside bring a camera. Send us a pic! Monday call 881-3449 for all your staffing needs!
were ?whattime? Is there tables? and rooms,to get I trying to get the whole 9
Intellibots on stand 35 - voted the hottest giveaway at the last show we did.
: Long day but a good day!! Its so different to the 1st #chasingthesun video!! I'm bored now though so I might go and ha ...
": I wanna try the Rajitarian! #undercoverboss" Me too!
What Would Phil Do?
Sorry we missed you last night - and I saw you leaving but weren't able to catch you on your way out.
It's amazing how calming life can be when you cancel out all of the noise. I feel like I haven't had this sort of 'clarity' in a long time.
Got hugs from all the boys today.! (: hahahaha. God day yay
FREE TICKETS are still available for our 5/27 show @ Peabody's! Contact us on facebook, myspace or whatever we'll mail you some. Thanks CLE
Am so achey and hungry:(
You and Jackson are going to love The Avengers. It was amazing!
Yes! 2nd round on me.
You are going to LOVE it, promise! Thank YOU for supporting us.
Congratulations on the grand opening, ! We are excited to see the passion & innovation in
champions are made from practice.
I really need to go to bed now. But I really want to finish editing/posting this mailbag video :/
i drink vodka and chase it with muscle milk
Welcome to the twitter universe !
cant wait for #smackdown :D watchin family guy :D
Let's see if the heartless Lakers can lose 4 straight by 30 or more points a game so coach can be fired.
Hooray TX beer! Congrats to , , for medaling at the World Beer Cup.
"We can put television in its proper light by supposing that Gutenberg's great invention had been directed at printing only comic books." ~R
While ur tuning in to go follow em &
RT Who's seeing Battleship friday?
Those dam refs hates the lakers
Super 8 son
Learn about down payment asst, home repair programs and foreclosure prevention, 6 pm tonight, M.U.M. Church, 8000 Woodward, call 420 6000
How longer before tweets on his #Talledega victory?
wowowow Steve Blake.. Kobe is so sick
Lovin my new home
#McCartney #tickets - Selected affordable price "request could not be processed because of high traffic" then took me to the most expensive.
I'll be watching it!!!!! #Watching&Learning
yeah I will :)
It's coming back on?! I have to watch...
NP I'm just tryna keep yo pretty ass smile on yo face
After a day of real life preparations begin for Jumex gathering
We'll be rockin all Beastie Boys & taking your #Preds reaction calls tonight on , right after 's post game.
Council wants to know the components: District, Port, City, etc. Basically where's the money?
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the mornena........
Since when does subway not have Swiss cheese?
Good luck tomorrow! Break a lace!!
Doctor sets patient afire in the OR of the hospital where I was born. Eeeeeuuuu.
Thanks for the follows!
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never
Hell no! I'm not that lucky
hope the guys in the dugout are giving encouragement to green for that AB
suddenly not feeling so great
Hey stranger! Lol.
THE 'HOPE & ENTHUSIASM' CONNECTION ....... " He who knows Why will always employ he who knows how" ... Brian Klemmer
Dam .. I need a million dollar raise
#GoTribe When will Matt LaPorta get to the Majors. Sign him up.
Calling it nite! Good night all & have a safe weekend <3
omg we actually do. at least once a week.
My pet owl doesn't like Tootsie Pops. I guess there are some things that we'll never know.
oh yeah, there is also Mastercolor here in Greensboro (for color)...decent prices and same day turnaround before 10am I think
let me know if you like to come by
Nothing says "I'm single" like a string cheese wrapper in the bathroom trash can.
Good for you!
Donald Sterling is the worst. Not news, but still fact.
so I've been followed because I mention Pink Floyd, not because I hate Pink Floyd. I feel so misunderstood, sort of like Pink Floyd sober.
I love Afro samurai
girl ihave stuff to tell u too don't worry i get out of school in 2weeks!
The rapper. Fuck man this Shit goes too hard. Can't wait to drop it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO US! turns 2 years old today! Also, congrats & thank you for everything, :)
So I told my husband of an idea that I had..Bigfoot hunting! Who says a fashion girl cant go hunt Bigfoot in muddy boots! Is he real?
in mi room blasting music!!
he said he want to do a track with me so i was like hell yea so im puttin money together for that but i feel im on my way
from Stanford A startup for mail order food. Interesting idea, really unique, great pitch.
I dare you to text me and tell me what I did wrong.Oh wait you can't because I didn't do anything wrong.
Oh wow! Exciting! I'd love the recipe... I miss naan.
ahaa, you welcome! :) .... but don't call me trav
hey bud
Manager moving to sunny Florida, sad but excited for her. And it is beautiful outside!!!
“: #MyThoughtsAtSchool what am i doing here? I should be out catching pokemon.” this totally describes us
Where have all good men gone / And where are all the gods? / Where’s the street-wise Hercules / To fight the rising odds? ~Tyler
Houston is like Austin in strip malls with more international culture
We will be doing our 1st official show inside in South Florida May 12th.
yesssssssmm (: been workin all night sorry!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker So why did u choose to add bacon to that cheeseburger....
what's your email address? It has all the details. My coworker is on the board at LMS.
as long as they are the chocolate chip teddy grahams.
Ray ray has hurt my feelings.
aww :( That sucks! write it down?!?!?!? That might help
What the hell just happened on that sequence? Wild
girl I am so ridiculously obsessed.
Put up a heck of a fight just couldn't finish it out. Really gonna miss Robbie but he played his heart out
I've already told him as such.
Yes! Very true. Parazit guys didn't answer any questions directly. Kept giving & the run around.
went to some walkin clinic last night, they werent sure if it was broke or not and were gunna call me back today. gave me a boot tho
If the Heat lose this game I'm gonna reconsider Bosh to be the MVP
concusion. great. my basketball season is pretty much over now. ah shat.
I'm coming to the show :-) leaving soon. Its along ride for me
Nobody likes you .. RT : Still no text back ! -_-
RT : Pink alert: Damsels in Distress is currently on 5 Laemmle screens and is closing on all of them after Thursday.
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
Hey bill, did you see that them there cars on fire on the news. Yea those fuckers from Kentucky are RETARDS.
I know!!
Little Latin Books.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Cacciatore - A dish prepared "hunter-style," w/ mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, herbs & wine.
Slowest day at work...
We're cool now i used to be like fuck i gotta ghost, now its like ayo meet my ghost lol
So I find it interesting its trending (I'm guessing) in the UK, but not in New York? hmm.
Cerebra circulates market poll on 2012 predictions for growth of #LPO market. Uptick, stuck or cooling off - what do you think?
Dmn my stomach fcked up right now
we thank you for being part of the Leadership Program I look forward to working with you..are we Facebook friends?
No you're not.
You are too sweet! I'm so glad that I can help and it's definitely
Happy Holidays to all of our clients. May the New Year bring you Happiness and Prosperity!!! The M Salon Team...
schedule shows three reverse ignites.
Keep an eye out for the #CrystalLight CONVERTibles in DC or stop by Union Station to get your free sample of Crystal Light!
yes sir!!! Eating right now got a spot to watch the games later. U got a drink in yours?
I've come to realize, I hate not winning.
yes, good description. Ava Gardner is great in it.
(singer of your theme song L.O.V.E.) rocked it on #theVoice tonight!
No problem. Thanks for the talk.
Thank you Cassandra!
I had to use the 'urban dictionary' for that one. I'm not up with the groovy lingo.
It's All About Muzik And Love Muzik And Love
Listening to Shane Goldmacher talking about tweeting.
“ *Finds out crush isn't at school today* 'Damn ... wasted outfit.' #ThatsLove ;)” Shelby<3 hah
s/o to the MAB and sorors fr the support
I do this every week to people
Shorting S&P at 865.5 for a swing trade
they have done a great job with the music. i've been downloading a lot of new stuff!
If six months in jail is the price for #glitterbombing these days, there are a whole lot of ravers about to do hard time.
Just met with the rescue swimmers and paramedics that saved 12 year old Dale Ostrander from drowning at Long Beach. Meet them at 5 & 6.
Study: Playing a Video Game Helps Teens Beat Depression
and this is very true as well!
you handed my son a ball during the stretch. He is on cloud nine. Thank u for ur generosity!
#FF thank you as always.
#dsoc #slaleads Janice - assn can't grow w/o leaders & leadership
I'm sure it will be; will share responses later. Thanks for a handy common-sense piece.
#theawkwardmoment when doesn't notice you
Killed it! Thanks homie!
I'm still Breathing Baby!!! LOL!
