Just got Emoji on my phone. #finally 
Fun Fact: Mark Twain called Hawaii "the loveliest fleet of islands that lies anchored to any ocean."
Oh weather, you're confusing. ☀☔☁?? Yesterday you were warm & 86! Who are you going to be today?
Fuck yea!!! When they timeout before 5min mark!!!! U know we on that BULLshyt!!
yea low key I was def happy .....I felt free!!!!
You're MORE than welcome to this god awful Florida humidity...wanna trade? :)
Irony: Herman Cain is the stereotypical, un/underqualified affirmative action candidate for the republican nomination
Response to my ACE serve on the court, "You can't hit it that fast and have it go in!"...that someone got SERVED after that comment...WEET!
Pick-Up line: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Thank you!
MN 28/ AZ "ZIP"- the Cardinal's must REALLY SUCK!!!
Great night with Taina and Parker <3
im gonna throw something at you.
Can YoU Follow me
don't pass the book on, pass on the message and buy the book
Hahahaha! I just saw something happen that I knew was going to happen.. Gotta laugh at myself sometimes.
1/3 of all online music revenue ($2+ billion) comes from ringtone d/ls? really? wtf is wrong with you people? feed the POOR you assholes!
iagree but hpefully it all works out good (:
Looks like the guys are on breeeaaak. Am I right??
I'm taking requests for my next episode of Matt Moore Podcast. Any takers?
Last day of High School at St.Francis!!xD
Didn't know if you saw, but #heweb12 is in Milwaukee. Have to try to make it next year.
Child of the Rain...loving the rain back here in Nashville today!
Home alone.... Wht to do
Congrats on your latest book! Are you going to the Gourmand Awards next week?
Focus. Commit. Adapt.
Bryce Harper can't execute in the 4th inning
I'm so happy right now! :)
Yeah, one of the reasons Laos is so poor is because people are hesitant to use the land. It's awful.
It's Finally Friday! 
which reaction channels are folks watching?
Your list contains high levels of fail. May want to get that checked out.
Get it get it go..!
Why the heck are there birds chirping outside my window at almost eleven o'clock, I'm trying to sleep you stupid creatures.
Getting ready for #neara11 in chicago! We leave on Wed! Should be fun to listen to the debates and speeches!
Don't even know why I answered the phone
Watching stevie moore and dennis orcollo. Billiards.
This is the new paradigm we came up with last night (while drinking): we take the small things and make them bigger.
Con te partirò is a #beautiful song.
I just wanna take the time out To Say Good Morning To all the women.Once again *Good Morning*
Hungry burps
There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine
Try again... Single-delegate dot com has been updated...
thanks for being a good leader for the Kingdom version of hip hop.
Honestly, is there anything to like about the Heat? Wait, I can answer that - hell no.
With strong support from senior management, yes.
Believing the House Repubs did the right thing viz. the "stimulus" bill. Of course, with more condoms, we might stimulate more sex LOL
DISH Network is preventing many of us from seeing AGT tonight!!!
#ThankYouRachael for making #smcdc so awesome!
I know he's in a suit, but put Lawrence Bowers in!
Lol at someone saying "ugh everyone at this school is SO FAKE" and forgetting to include themselves in that catagory.
SHUT UP. I totally remember.
ahh! I totally would if I could! No vehicle. :(
hahaha. creeping on you! FaceTime soon:)
One of my followers pointed out to me... Snowmegadon was 2 years ago now! Time flies...
Stop it, Josh Hamilton. Wow.
Got new tanning lotion. Wish me luck.
I would be much happier if this candy was full-size, not fun-size. This isn't fun at all.
Being sick on the weekend <
Hell yeah Joey doin it big! Much Love
Well, I should suck the knowledge out of his brain.
Thanks, Scott! Best to you.
A6 i've thought the #artsadmin prof is a tricky job market, attracts a high volume of qualified profs looking 4 meaningful work
the rye stout turned out well. I have zero faith in homebrews, so no worries. Glad you liked it enough to drink it.
living life like its my last
People always ask me if I'm some random ethnicity which has never made sense but WHATEVA.
They are all around our campus, so I'm in the know. :)
can hear husband matt our in front of our building, chipping away at the ice, trying to get the car out of the spot i slip slided it into
Just tapped Laughing Dog Alpha Dog Imp. IPA.
crazy January deals up to 75% é, up to 70% & more serious savings!
I am dripping green with envy about your SATC trip!!!!
wouldn't that raise equal treatment claims?
alright... i'll do it, but if you come up behind me, give me fair warning...
wet cheeks, wet gaiter.
I miss you! Hope you're having a splendid
I said awhile back that I didn't think Semin would return to #Caps..but I didn't think he(his agent) would come out and say it..
Is that your sister?
Congratulations, you have just signed up for WHOOZNXT and are eligible to win an amazing list of gigs!
will have a bald patch on his head at 's wedding
season starts march 3th come see mr lockdown him self #40 C
Congratulations!!!! Great game!
who has there own band. You?
Yep!! ": Corey Hart is never again allowed to participate in Spring Training. #brewers"
LOL I love almost every Korean song I listen to.
Come back!
Its official THATcampcbus will be held at Columbus State Community College! More details coming soon. Big thanks to CSCC for the free space!
please check you're dm's
And there's the rain. I sure hope my sunroof is closed :\
I AM SO STARTING THAT FLASH MOB FOR BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN HOLMDEL AH<3
Look at that moon!
I'm starting to understand why is such an addictive time waster.
I'm a fan of Inge, and always will be. Period. RT : I know he's polarizing... But I'll miss Brandon
Nice crowd filling up the auditorium for Camilla Wilcox's talk about the #reynoldalandscape!
Just heard the new Game mixtape, it's official, his career is over.
You know it ;) lol
Just realized what my ma said when she came In here talking while I was sleep
Cool! I can get behind that. We are vegetarians.
That is cool(:
Northern Lights, Pink lemonade, Hot cheetos.
haha thanks! I'd happily buy some
We're building a global ent network fam friendly a one stop shop to browse all yo ent needs.www.asfut.com
Do what makes you happy. Be with who makes you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.~unknown
Sorry for the wonky link!
Long hair looks nice on everyone lol
I can't believe it's taken me this long to follow you! How are you? Hope the dogs are good!
ur one of the greatest remixers/producer/musician! thanks for sharing ur talents with the world and dj community.
I'm sure he could have finished the inning with less problem than Collmenter had. Hmm
for a variety of reasons, i am like 3 weeks behind. and i can't find time to start watching to catch up.
saw that dude running down the street on those things. He almost ate shit haha
I fucking miss
Listening to a lecture on the deterioration of the music business.. Glad I never pursued my dreams of being a professional jazz clarinetist
well thats good!!
Apparently, I like to say umm A LOT.
RT : John F. Kennedy did not accept his presidential salary of $150,000 a year. Instead, he donated it to charity.
Can you work in some treacherous fish? That would be sublime.
I'm about kick your door ! Okay ?
Violets are blue, try a direct dial. Perhaps you'll get a return call ...just wait for a while.
Aww he just got a $1000 poor Mr. Hindsman
get out from my mind please ! hate you so damn much !
Yea he had a poodle too! ": “: This dude is drinking beer with a straw...”GAY!!!"
its morning where you are? :D cool. It's almost 11:00 a.m. where i am (:
I'm going on a limb and say Tony Parker likes this attention.
You should never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option
Can u even name LT for NYG? NE? GB? PIT? Not saying it's unimportant, but 5 players make up Oline, not just 1. Is Matt Kalil a game-changer?
disagree. They'll miss Bogut, but they'll make PO. They won't go deep. PS - live 1/2 of the year in OKC, they win it all.
Spending tomorrow generating positive thoughts, good will, and healing action. The world needs a lot more of that right now. Peace out!
Gooldy nice shout out this AM
you both really know the way to my heart <3
Anything or anyone doing anything for the fight on Saturday?
I hope you're having a great weekend. Thank you for the follows:
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Neal Brennan
Crawling through glass sounds painful
Show starting. Just saw an old friend.... :-)
This season of How to Make it America is way better than the first one.
I just got my head stuck to a hanger -_-'
Just one more game
I didn't know this either. I hope they keep their cookies!
Can't believe the New Balance 990 is celebrating its 30th anniversary. My dad wore it in the '84 Honolulu Marathon; now favored by hipsters!
Anything worth haveing is worth fighting for
To vote for the #Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333! Voting ends at 7:30.
Breakfast is usually the hardest meal for most to modify, as we’re a country of toast and cereal-eating junkies
I'M SO MAD ASJDHFURIS
exactly! we have 2 months to get it together. It's also going to help for Halloween. I want my body for josephine
I understand. Important to think about why/why not, and not just jump on bandwagon....
yo man cut that shit out black people win
have fun be safe pengus
If Anthony Bourdain can travel to places around the world JUST for the food...then hell, so can I! :D
I'm pretty sure I just saw a college rugby team do a Subway ad.
Well said!
awesome advice and a bit funny
Brutal day of tearing out our kitchen which was last updated by previous homeowners when they moved in to the 1908 house - in 1960.
Listening to the new Bieber song. I honestly thought it was a Timberlake song. Since when does he actually sound like a man?!?!
It rained?
Teams with elite SB winning QB's... NO, NYG, NE, PIT, GB, DENVER.... Can you believe it!?
There is a teabag in my toilet. Fancy dog?? I live in a weird house.
Thanks so much Jeff. You're too kind.
totally listening to bone thugs on my store's musaak. awesome.
Why are hookers calleed hookers? Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan Amazon Kindle $2.99 #CivilWar Free to Prime Members.
Turned my alarm off instead of pushing snooze. Whoops. Good thing this final is online.
did I just spot you in Baltimore? If so we want to buy you a beer tonight?
i eat mine with a spoon because im a rebel. (:
yeah most of it was eays but yhe diagrams were confusing
There are some conspiracy theories that are just fun works of fiction. ex. Beyonce and the illuminati.
Darius "wetter than water" Miller.
Just realized we have a prime spot for firework season!
The key to my heart has been found.
Knock knock hello..click clack..BanG! Dont look out the peep hole when dat bell rang
I'm sure there has to be a good book on outlining, can anyone suggest a few?
Warning: instead of cool lit/tech audio essay for class, I may accidentally be producing cheesy infomercial for GPLC/family literacy.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I called my friend and asked for permission to RT his tweet. LOL!
I should be there also
After 4-OT Kansas State gets the win against A&M.
Simple, 60 votes. Obstruction by Republicans.
i ment do u want me or MaryClaire !? Haha but I was joking :)
Icant wait to see ( where the wild thing are) think about it... it took 46 years to make a movie about the best book growing up! Ugh!
thanks for the promo
Really sad to hear of Etta James' passing. I believe she's now at peace... AT LAST.
I think I will do a podcast tonight...nothing heavy..just like my other shows i do..Santorum is messing up the news feed..get out all ready
i really want the summer tour to happen already, so i can meet you, get married, live happily ever after. etc..
. was this before or after you reminded them it was #1?
#ETFs are my fav because, unlike #mutualfunds, they are not often traded. Great way to diversify your porfolio.
Happy Saturday All! We open for lunch today at 11:30:)
Too many, I'm afraid...
Why won't my timeline come up???
GO TO BED! Graduation tomorrow. If you sleep through it, I will never stop taunting you about it!
also shes teaching theater alot all over jersey at universitys n high schools.lol i would die if annie was my HS drama teacher/
Hi Ladies! How are you?! :-)
oh but they are... #onlyinmillard where white folk bitch about everything:)
less than 2 months til #belive comes out! so excited!
2012!!! I made it! This week is completion of CDM's plans for the year. I think whatever the situation, my integrity must stand.
...Except healthy crunch choco delight muesli. I can't find tht anywhre. Do thy still make tht? Will I b able to find it in Jaipur?
MT ": Local vodka, hugs from Paul Bunyan, massages from a nun, half-naked ladies... MHC, can I please move in? #aam2012”
What teen mom? Yes it is returning!
Finished writing my script today. :)
Mondays are terribly unpredictable anyway.
~~ "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" ~~ MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN, USA ... 166yrs. TODAY.
;) got you back.
How can you expect me to sleep with you if you don't put me on your podcast?
Lmfao yeah it did. I still die everyone
Watched the Five Year Engagement tonight. Really fun comedy wrapped in reality. Loved the need to be alone w her still there.
well I just relized I have way to much and now I really dont trust them
I have some on my lawn :)
How soft my natural hair is>>>
Easter equals three nails, two thieves, and one broken body thank you Jesus for your sacrifice.
you are the best man classic shit. that would the streets apart!
hi check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Is this still hanging on from GayRomLit?!? Tell it to go away!
you're awesome
Head banging hurts.
TMI? RT : I can no longer keep this twitter account as I have used it as a tool to have adulterous relations with women.
mee too C:
you need to talk to and his work/research in Bullying.
Brewers GM Doug Melvin says team will deal with injuries internally. Admits he talked with Derrek Lee but says that won't happen.
Oh my goodness Ovechkin
There are differences. Would love to chat. Can you email me so we can take this offline?
fuck the world
My friends thinks I have a lot of friends when it's really tweeting lol
#Earthquake in Central #Ohio! My whole building was shaking. Yikes!
thanks man
Welp, I'm screwed. Ha, pun intended. ZING!
Right. Ha. I will! Also, can I use one of your photos on instagram of the Occupy Wall Street? It's for Globalization class.
Cure the winter blues, come on OUT tonight, grab a hot drink & enjoy our new music. We have the brand new Soundtrack to the Pan Am series!
Ron's thinking... Bunt or... ? What else is there?
“: wait a second .. HE'S MY HUSBAND !!! :oD” lol we can share them...at the same time lol
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(5
I ❤ he's going to make millions. "I'll remember that when I'm making records." that a boy Colton. He's gonna prove to everyone.
Yeaah I'm falling so behind...Im losing my motivation and work ethic or whatever...idk, its whatever haha but seriously---
loving #Florida and the #ftboa. got suspended by twitter so I'll have to start again. No big deal
If you makin money then I aint gon participate
#niallwhipshispenis i bet its getting Niall happy ;)
Thanks Michael, I appreciate it! Thank you for the RT!
i hadn't thought of doing it by decade. that's an idea.
Just 5 more mins and I will b out of this boring class! Yay
I'd pull away at the first sign if I thought you were just playing
No one has swagger like them and
MARGARITA. BUT WAIT FOR ME.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers sweet beyond sweat, you've another beau, and such talk leads only to expectations, I no longer know.
thanks! I'll look him up.
how can we submit to play mix tape festival?
OK! If you ever need any help searching around the city, we'd love to help you out! :)
In #austin for #atxunscripted - the Austin Motel is definitely my favorite motel ever. Haven't slept this well in weeks!
Oh god and the tears start again
“: lilq824 what! I dont get traded too!! What is this shit!” Trade Nealsy for the Cup-winners' 7th rounder!! :D
California finds toxins in salon nail polishes
I am desperate for the Dem to win this. I don't hate anyone, but I come close with regards to Grover Norquist.
its always done that. Plus, I haven't had any update
Chicago. Where are you?
My dad is kind of stressing me out, I didn't charge my ipod and he wants to take pictures with it.
Its hard to see a lady that gives her body to like 50,000 men.Ur body is suppose to be like a Nobel Peace Prize not change at a supermarket.
This weekend is gonna be fun :3
hmm. its like whatever dns i'm running through just rolled back an hour. wtf?
PEGGY. PEGGY
Drew, would be something. Expensive laundry bill...
Q : What's your favorite color ? A : Blue
OH MY GOD
There is a lot packed into the book Built On Values, it's meant to be a real guidebook for effective organization change.
Hahahahah deleted me from twitter. Its Facebook all over again. My work here is done....
... Yes, but that doesn't preclude looking less-than-stellar sometimes.
have fun in #NYC this weekend! luh you
Perfect holiday give for #academics #professionals: Improve your short proposal (presentation abstract) writing & get that paper accepted!
I'm sure he paid you to say that. haha. JK. I know that big head from way back and he's cool...most of the time ;)
Finally on Facebook
you as well. Stop in the office soon so we can show you what is all about.
Art inspired by electronic gadgets. Oh, the glow. We're at Froelick Gallery on Live @ 7 on KGW.
or the paint color. Because paint is so permanent. Sigh.
Watching Vertigo, Jimmy Stewart is much creepier than I remembered
thanks please follow back
Thank you.
thanks! Right now I have All A's and 1 B! :P
what kind of board?
we are super excited that Alex from the 's H.I.N.T. program will be joining us for a free workshop in May! More info soon!
Add this to the list of reasons we love Baltimore: a standing room only performance of John Cage's Sonatas & Interludes ON VALENTINE'S DAY!
welcome to our Miami office!! We hope you have a great weekend!
I like it when you call me big papa.
Whore, sit down.
I need to figure out this whole twitter thing kind of confusing at first
#FF & Thanks for the mentions!
thanks, Jake/Widen!
I love that with a test-driven approach to development, you get progressively more confident in the code-base instead of scared to touch it.
What are your favorite colors for fall?
We won't ever look as good as we do right now, so let's take another shot, drink another round
Tim Thomas doing his best Braden Holtby impersonation in this one.
you still think you're a witch.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: “Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue...
but that takes the rare combination of honor, integrity and cojones...and some guys just don't have it.
you realize if you would have died in your sleep those would have been your dying words ... And yes I woulda put it on your grave
lol Are u?
listen...i know its tough to tell what a good quesadilla sometimes...but not at taco bell
Yeah buddy. My personal favorite was Coors Light. Or maybe a Lean Pocket.
now you just need to post a damn pic!!
haha clearly this is not my idea
lol thanks community college is more confusing than my university -___-
Just rockin it! Congrats on helping us make the Tweetup a Twitter Trending Topic #lasvegas! Heeeeyo!
Yeah, we'll read em. A few have made there way into the book already.
Going to see #harrypotter DHP2 Today.(: If anyone follows me I follow back.
What are the refs doing? Swallow your whistle and let replay figure it out! --- Know the rules. Muffed punt=dead ball.
The American Cancer Society tells us that roughly one third of all cancers are diet and activity related. The standard call for thirty minu…
Let me know if you need any help.
the biggest hearts often seem most ferocious.
r you still giving away your t-shirts or are they all gone? Cause I got some merchandise on my christmas list:)
OMG Frank Sbotka is on #TheOffice ??!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
What a great day to walk or ride your bike on the Cultural Trail today to get to the Street Food Showdown at City Market from 10-2
imma big fan even though im from Chicago...but I have 2 say DRose is better...sorry... Yhu stil a beast :)
Excited to see speak later at #AZEC11. If u don't read his stuff, do so now.
always a good choice
when are you ever not that guy?
I have 5 minutes to get to work omg
The way talk to girls>>>>>gross-__-
will do!
Is a book review really that hard of an assignment?
welcome Mr. Conaway. they are cheaper too. My trout reel was only 20 bucks.
"Because I'm like young crazy and... Crazier..? (shrugs shoulders)" - ok I'm sorry what??
Pic upload not working obviously.
RT if you voted for London, UK in Austin's Poll!
Caught like 10 lizards in my nearby semi-wilderness area and transplanted them to my yard. Hoping they stay around. I love lizards. No joke.
Wave 'em at them bitches hatinn on youu with they friendss, girll you got it
If I'm walking faster than you're running, you're not running.
#np IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Good luck , hopefully I will run into you. Pun intended.
holy fuck! there's affliction shirts for douchettes too?!?
Shit I could've slept for another 30 minutes or so
come back? Uh why would I do that? I haven't even bought my plane tix yet. I suppose I should, to see mi madre y padre.
based on ur tweet i think i got "disingenious" or whatever wrong today:P what's it mean??
I know but this one is scary
It makes no sense to be second in someone's life, when you know you're good enough to be first in someone else's. Know your worth.
Red Hot Chili Peppers >
You always seem to be positive and upbeat. I like people like that.
5 words to describe the early 2000's: denim, fur, and mom jeans.
and if you don't know ... well, he reminded me that we both, in fact, do.
Im driving tomorrow!!
#IF GOD IS WITH ME, IT DON'T MATTER WHO IS AGAINST ME.... MOTIVATON
My life isn't perfect but it does have perfect moments
today I conquered my fear info holding my breath for 30 seconds in 15 degree celsius water
Is Portland done yet? A little under 48 hours till the real game kicks off!!!!
it is , stop denying .
Losing a fight with hail. Badly. WTF Denver? I thought it was spring!
Get Van Gundy
I wonder if you know I have a crush on you.
I blame Bill Curtis. (Actually, I don't, but it's fun to say anyway)
If u want us to believe ur classy... Keep your inner whore INNER!!!
bhalalala where is my summer?
": But this D.J tho -_____- Return of the Mack really???" Must be poppin lol
an iPhone 4 cost way more than $100..lol
howdy ... Thx for follow ... Hope you enjoy the blog!
Scott Disick had a chrome Audi....
I can't wait till Ray bust they eyes wide open
i think, yes. are you?
Nuggets of joy. (cc )
Im not retweeting these things but somehow they end up on my profile -_-
Absolutely not mate
I was gonna surprise you and tell you later I donated. I guess the cats outta the bag lol. How did you know it was me?
the military 1
I love sean, we think so much alike
Finding a bottle of Swagger with a broken nozzle is like winning the lottery. There's no money, but you can still get laid.
Finally, some good economic news! And glimmers of bipartisanship on the bank recovery plan. Can we put the pitchforks and torches away?
hudak is a buzz kill
everyone who applied for special interest housing should have received an email notification yesterday
Good morning from gorgeous Sonoma County!
no it's just that your iPhone is a great autocorrecter ;)
I know I can't wait ;)
Why is everyone so █████ about this ████?! There's clearly no such thing as ██████. Everyone really needs to calm the ████ down.
We are home to fabulous custom accessories as well as a variety of bridal jewelry and One stop shopping!!!
We Will be at #LULAC tomorrow!
The healthiest response to life is joy.
can we PLEASE arrange our crepe party? i'll bring wine....lots of wine. haha
In class: 5% paying attention. 12% playing with a pen. 21% checking people out. 62% daydreaming of what I could be doing if I wasn't here.
“: Is Bruh a word that a white woman should use? #serioustweet” is it a thuggin white woman
Honey Nut Cheerios, they remind me of childhood.
Your protector's coming home, coming home
It was delicious! Made me miss you though. Hope all is well :)
Self realization..I need a safe haven when I come see my babies dont tell me I need rest and u the main one stressing me
Spring break is: Sunny days at a coffee shop...vintage diving...book devouring...pantry reorganizing...family recipe...fun.
Just got assassinated. THANKS
to excited for wango tango! damn i wish was singing :(
500Boyz are looking forward to meeting you real soon :) BLAZE THE STAGE
Favre says he'll make up his mind within the next 11 days. What do you think?
Design internship with Invisible Children this summer.
#Taurus women look at life as ritual so something like cleaning the house or gardening can be an act of devotion.
I haven't tweeted in a year. So here ya go -
hit me up, might go to Tigers game too.
Don't give up.
“: My son needs to be smacked -_-” ~ A smack on his butt not the face, right?
it's weird af but funny
ma house bitch! Lol......I missed you today tho :p I was lookin all over for you aha jk how was you day with yo boo thang?
I think I get where you're going, but we should talk more. Linked Data to the rescue!
what else are you swimming today?
miss you!
Tonight at the Zinc Bar, w 4th St, Made on NY Fest 8pm lead by Sasha w Antoinette,Virginia Mahew 3/29/12 tonight.
omg baby polar bears! so cute!
I understand ppl wanting to end the fight now that rush said he's sorry.. Well I for one grew up watching guys beat the fuk out of my mom...
I'm taking a survey: Has anyone EVER actually recycled an electronic in the past? (i.e. cell phone, nintendo, old tv)
i dont think smith broke they jus talking the nigga let china take 1M away for missin practise a broke nigga would never
There's somethin' about a truck in a farmers field
thats why your grandma gets bullied at bingo night
I agree. The meatballs are ok. What do you think about the prices? I wish it were more casual, takeout or just buy at counter.
“: Why do you give? Answer the question: #WHYiGIve - Join us tonight at 8pm-EST. U share and we #RETWEET your response!”
There is nothing more indicative of poor leadership than union decertification. Show Americold workers we support them. Demand a contract!
has oficallly made me want to go #cone-ing :) ur video was hilarious ! :D <3
Lily is headed into surgery now.
no no no stop crying bye
Am I supposed to bring a baseball shirt for #mladla12 ? Have many shirts to choose from
oh my goodness!! wow!
Good morning, have a blessed day.
Just watched The Hunger Games.
RIP Vidal Sassoon
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Animal, Cannibal, The Fame, The Fame Monster, Born This Way, Teenage Dream, Stronger, Perfectionist, LOUD
WOW! Loved the yummy sandwiches! Thank you! Adam, Michael and Mary!
what happened to your car? Oh and I love knowing about my snow button.
Good Morning! Have a nice Wednesday!
Suddenly wide awake. Seems my brain's decided it's time to get to work. Then there's the middle of the night craving....man, I love food!
The cauliflower currently steaming in my kitchen smells SO DELICIOUS. Can't wait to dig in! #foodnerd #lovesveggies 😊
One hour until the Ginko party begins
did you get my package?
I work till 930. I would require it delivered please.
What I wouldn't give for a couple of cold Coronas right now.
JASON I LOVE YOU
Fuel-saving technologies include a two-speed fuel pump, Aggressive Deceleration Fuel Shut-Off (ADFSO), and optimized transmission on the MKT
Cue caffeine crash.
Miroslav Volf - pluralism in public fails because we fear each other, rather than a healthy fear of God.
Hello,where are you from?
you already know what's up ;)
If the Clough Commons is too crowded for you, there's plenty of room over here.
A #creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the #desire to beat others. ~Ayn Rand
Check out this new free resource to help parents of children with autism encourage good oral healthcare: www.healthysmilesforautism.org/
Hi ; thanks for the follow. Like the enso on your "Board of Your Life Kit"! Very cool!
- sounds like cheap labor
we i was fukkn telln u
Just talked to my pastor about some God-related "kinks" I gotta work out. Thankful for his time + that I don't have that job!
He might hit a ton, but Bryce Harper looks like a total tool.
It's nice to have some of the heart back in the lineup tonight.
There's ALWAYS someone younger and hungrier coming down the stairs after you :)
You can't sneak anything past me.
Nope, no way. I'm not denying his talent he's just not who I want representing my organization.
already following the homie good looking though
Thanks Hannah!
#nationalbestfriendday Spent it with both of them :)
Paul the wine guy
ODOT talking about their toolbox. Using the right tool for the job. I think they could use a jack hammer and get a lot done.
damn you're missing out.
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future. My childhood is officially over.
how am I trying to scare you. All I said was I'm talking to you tomorrow. That's not scary...?
Cant wait till the #NSNfancut (: Its gonna be
We like that idea too. True multi-touch opens the door to transformative interactions
I want a mich ultra - cactus lime, stat!
I read the blogs about dating and people post there questions about dating, all other people do is slam them
TY! RT : Great choice for that spot!! : #ClintEastwood rocks the screen.”
if it mirrors that, neither would my fantasy teams...... this year I have more busts than a Big Naturals DVD.
Thanks! RT I'll be talking about lobotomy photographs and today at noon in S423. //Callaway S423, that is.
What are you wearing today? Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo?
Beautiful day in Denver! Time to hit the gym. I refused to go last night so my husband said we're staying longer today 💪
starting in on a 4 hour video review of Con Law 2 - wish me luck.
That's on my to-see list at SIFF, so I'll try to make it on the 5/23 screening. Will you be there?
G*^ D$#% i love the black keys
Thanks for being you, John, and helping people talk about it.
Nice weather brings out the recumbent cyclists in Austin. I've yet to see one that isn't helmed by a smug-looking, bearded 50 year old.
Thanks for all the #FF love today! We very much appreciate the support.
But of course I did! Excited to hear the results. Good luck!
watching season 4 of The Wire. Time consuming. Will show up for round 2.
I just hope these pics don't show up as my faves. (And really folks, it's not about the stories)
the real housewives of any city are ridiculous!
#What's your Beatles #1? Till There Was You- From Me To You- Little Child- Back In The U.S.S.R.- Ticket To Ride-I Want To Hold Your Hand(2)
Is it gettin' real in the parking lot?
Terrell Suggs is out for the year! Good start to my day!
lookin good buddy. i'm ready to go.
So not emotionally prepared for this haircut today.
#VMA superbass!!!!!! or the show goes on :D
my bad aiite well catch up
Thanks again - let me know if you ever want to "guest post" You bet, great content on your blog!
We had fun Tuesday at wolfs crossing school for american education day the kids were inspired by our work,fun,and games
This is the stupidest thing I've ever read.": Bulls live to see Game 6. Any chance DRose will be available for that one?"
If I feel like this tomorrow, i'm freakin going to school in a Sweatshirt, Pants and shoes. Ugh.
Tuesday will be good. Dang it! Now I'm drooling on my keyboard thinking about duck fat fries - nom nom! 12:30
like really...this is great.
the correct question is "why are you up this late?" As for the answer to that question, I can't sleep and have to be up at 8:30 Yay
Set-up and ready to take the stage @ BILLY'S ICE in New Braunfels, TX for "New Artist Audition" night with the NEW BAND : 'FretWire' *<];•}$
das rite \hi stay hood
Josh doesn't want me to tell you how many books he bought at AWP, but let's just say it was 125 books.
Congrats fellow Knight Fellows!
Its just that some people r saying they will dance to E.t but then others r saying TeenaGE Dream Im confused!
Yes please would love to see it
Happy birthday :---)
What the frick is it gonna take for fans to realize this team is for real and they should get their butts to the ballpark???
so odd..he's like 30 years old too
Nice joke.
boo.....lol lets see if you remember me -.-
...seriously...they pay you to do that sweet job??? Well done, sir, and love every minute!
How about burrito bites! RT : RT : Q2 #Foodiechats What is your favorite appetizer at a Dinner Party?
Learning I can not trust everyone only God!
I think they are using a slight variation of the Abercrombie business model.
We're listening to deputy editor Bret Stephens on "The Future of Capitalism" w/ City Club of San Diego
promise that will not end well. lol.
Some friends were destine 2 be free loaders always wanna play the pick & roll game like Stockston & Malone but I ain't the one 2 assist
look at you w/ your new twit pic:)
get in there peeps. #funny “: #Community ALL NEW 2night! 3 episodes! Watch & we INSIST on doing a 4th Season! #TheFallofChang”
watcha up to?
Clint Dempsey scores on a great play by Jozy. Clint is the 4th US player to ever score against Italy.
State Attorney General will not review evidence in Rebecca Zahau suicide case.
Ahh, well at least we can hang out this summer then!
A good day to re-read the Little House books!
Don't forget, we leave for tour this Friday with THROUGH ARTERIES to hit up all the Texas hot spots. Don't forget to come see us in action!
Oh I've only been 21 for almost a month now and I'm FINALLY going out!! hello #summerbreak!!
Well I guess I should go to school tomorrow since I haven't been in like 2 weeks lol
Dude fuck this
Live out of your imagination rather than your memory
Auburn Wednesday, Atlanta Saturday!!
Run around,talking down, I'm playing games, nigga die
: Telephone poles at sunset "liked" by Pinterest. Whoa. Live humans at Pinterest? ://pinterest.com/pin/235805730459278212/
Hot Af outside
guys can be bitches too...
That's probably true. Lol
Red dots, chop chop I see dead people!
So long, gay boys
Tomorrow, SDSU Vs. Long Beach State basketball game. Then trolley to the Q for the football game Vs. #10 Boise state. Go Aztecs!
Launch of The Other next Wed. 21 and up. Red carpet attire. Food/drinks provided. Fashion.art.music.dance RSVP:
Nice to see more legitimate advertisers online. Yahoo seems to have fewer "buy our miracle cream" or "lose 100 lbs in a week" ads.
If Michigan could improve on defense they would prolly be pretty Damn good!
I wonder what you're doing imagine where you are there's oceans in between us but that's not very far..
What really makes people different
or, better yet, help build the research tool
68 items for $30 if you count the box, sharpener and hug.
Welcome to our 1,000th follower!
Happy National Cupcake Day to our very own baker m m m!!!
Hi Ronnie, with all the coverage I would say the NH restaurant would ban politicians!
Guess who gets to define 100 vocab words on paper for 40 bonus points in Psychology.
So much for that. Looks like Tony Bennett and Virginia are coming to the Kohl Center. Should be a fun one.
Thanks for the follows!
wake up, we both need to wake up. maybe if we face up, to this, we can make it through this. closer.. maybe we'll be closer...
excuse you.
An informed public...who'da thunk it.
Define Cheesey; When people follow us, then unfollow us when we follow them back to boost their numbers.
If I had a button that if pressed, would kill everyone but also turn all of the pretzels in this ice cream into cookie dough, you'd be dead.
Congratulations to Floyd Little on being inducted into the HOF!
Watching Mike Brown try and coach the Lakers is hilarious. "They're coming like a bat outta hell..." No, really?
U know what's weird I've never tried red bull or any energy drink I'm not kidding
Cooling off with a tasty Hopslam.
Can't wait for on 10th & Wells tomorrow!
Only 1 more like to hit 4,000. Share this post with your friends!
LOVE that signing!
will do! -CV
Cyberbully is so awfully hilarious
Recording all night long baby:)!
Damn this jawn crazy
not sure, maybe tequila
NeoNatural Glass Art Exhibit runs Jan 21-Mar18 in the conservatory. Glass artists from Ball State & Anderson Univ. $3
Get twitter world!!!!!!!!
Hey Cliff!! Will ya be doing any autograph signings in the NY area soon? Would love to meet you and get an autographed ball.
can I have UR pin ?
OMG! I feel even worse today!
We follow you now! RnR!
whatd you think of the flick? Hope you enjoyed it!
A bit of advice my friends; never, ever use 12345 as a password for anything.
S.S.&S. complete. Sailors know what that is. Joining a high school chum at #Majerles to hopefully watch the #Seahawks win tonight.
#ibmimpact Quick fact: $5 trillion of apps run on IBM systems. Wow.
yes yes . #JustLikeTHAT . these nigga claim they real or a man .. but still act like a boy
Finally, my patience has paid off. :D
ugh ! just got done to thank goodness !
Finally going to see Harry Potter! We'll see how it is!
Back in California!
meet my mom
We got a cool show coming up on friday, and then again on saturday.
not hologram apparently; projection on a scrim
Thanks for the follow!
Minnesota you suck. Not as much as ohio tho!
Ann Boyer seems to be articulating a concept of community as simultaneously impossible and necessary.
Is it a local site or on the InterWebz? Can I take a look?
Tonight's the night! Come out at 6:00 pm and meet Memphis' own Jennifer Chandler for the first book signing of "Simply Grilling"!
call when here. Will be out an about.
please add me.
Platinum trophy in #skyrim. That took a looonnnnngg time
hey josie (x
How about this to make my millions....wait for it, wait for it....that damn dog upstairs won't shut up...what was I saying?
We can help with that! Email us at , looking forward to your message!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES:: GET TO NUMBER ONE ON KEEK!!!
I'm staying home today, yaaaay c:
"to die would be an awfully big adventure"
hey! yeah Im playing Hotel Cafe this Saturday night at midnight! wanna come???
you know what i do when twitter gets ridiculous? log off....
The smartest people I knew in college went to work for investment banks - how are they making SO MANY terrible decisions??
You take my bad days and turn them into one of my best days.
thank you so much. I am working on your stuff now.
Was blasting Mercy by Kanye till I realized I had a priest staying in the next room...
One day imma be livin' in Hollywood&have my own Hollywood star:))how i wish tht day could be just around the corner:\
Leslie Ryan & students from New School of #Architecture toured our #greenroof, #livingwalls & #rainwater harvesting systems today - fun!
#Piouscelebrity quote: What we have here is your failure to Downsize! Go Riverboys.
Yeah, we do. And Chicago to stay or to visit?
Went MI-3...not great...shoulda listened to and
It's low key annoying when I log on FB and see the same person in my timeline EVERYTIME. Like they're the only one on FB :((
I'm telling you, fuck that moment! Happened twice this week and i was like...oh man, so close. Gotta control that knife more lol
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette
That's what I said, as I watched Epi. 3 today. So good. “: o this show is good!!!! #scandal”
My 2 Fav #libraryschool classes: Resources for Young Adults and Programming.
Anna Froula: to combat culture fears, WWII women had to present themselves as eye candy for fighting men, not fighters themselves
Picking up my new car @ Watertown ford
Rt if you hate when people ask questions they know the answer to
why does look miserable? Is it because he is sitting next to or bc he's not next to
C'mon i want an NBA season:( dont look like it though!
Time to start the dinner.
Ima have to slide through Tessa once I leave this gig DT
wats up are you a magazine editor/writer?
me too:/ but I would be so happy if you followed me!!:) Just a thought even though you wOnt:/
"If he hits it to right field, he hits Brooklyn." "Not if he hits it to center field, then he hits Mount Vernon."
RATE GAME! tweet me a number.
Good game..!
the article by Chris was great... I need to make it out next summer. Happy Holidays!
Such a tease. had cell service in Cleveland Park & Woodley Park stations earlier this week but now it's gone.
GO BAND :)
Goodnight everyone
BEST, definitely.
oh yeah I know!!
I love Kobe.
I don't really care he is potbelly guilty
I can respect that, good for you.
i swear i stay so throwed, on an hourly basis
We got the COOLEST mini rubber speaker for iPhone from at this week!
how can you tell if a blonde has been playing with your computer? the joystick will be all wet! bring that joystick over here and lets play!
Lol people will like what everyone else likes.
the 4 went down the shitter! And man u have no idea, it lags when I type a text!
Aside from Cebu City Mayor Michael Rama, the stories of Cebu Daily News on the ... valuable real estate in Cebu City from his grandfa...
“: "He is risen! He is risen indeed!"”
Grabbing the very last pair of jordans or foamposites
have I mentioned your twitter pic is great
looking to do what I did to you to someone else?
I reckon moonshine.
We should know very soon. We've got it down to two guys.
Maybe Lebron is more of a comeback dude than the kind that's good at holding leads? .....Anyone?
Their fans are the best in the NBA cause its the only thing to do there. That's why Hartford would be a good place.
What's everyone doing on this beautiful Winter day?
What game could it be? :P
What have I gotten myself into? Kidnapped
So...what's your favorite metal band?
: gotta give some love to Bo Jackson don't ya?
Bittersweet feeling... 😳☺❤
<---SHE RIDE ____ SO GOOD:-)
We made it through Irene! Time to show it!
- agreed about the iPhone! My last Bberry really can't hold a candle. Candle app or otherwise, that is! :)
I'd never wear tights as pants. But sometimes I wear leggings with a shirt that doesn't cover my butt and I'm ok with that.
has the recipe for success that I am looking for . Could definitely learn from her!
if u got dope beats and want to be paid!!!! ASAP send em this way
On 3 way ctfu bout everything..
See, and they say nothing good comes out of twitter. Pffft.
I'm looking for a good website designer that can do customized wordpress blogs/site. Any LA suggestions?
howd u do today?
We have declared this year the year of women's empowerment. Women and women's businesses have to be empowered - Sanusi
Hey check us out man :)
I can't wait for tomorrow! Palmer vs. Doherty is goin' down at the world arena!!
Came ready with my sweater! Always hot in winter, cold in summer. RT My god the newsroom is freezing. I will be cranky today.
It's a wrap! Favorite memories from #NSF2012?
Thanks for the tip! I think I'll head there.
I have to stop saying: "How stupid can you be?" I think people are taking it as a challenge
I missed your presentation, is there anyway I could learn more about your talk? Was it recorded?
Hey Danny Hayes!! Thanks for being so sweet to Fat Fancy!! Sending sweetness your way!!!
especially music
What does your shirt say Ro?
grad schools?
Just started thinking "What if the Penguins had Hartnell...." and then I got the urge to shoot myself. Sound like a plan?
Thank you for making TradHome issue so fantastic!
let's see what Yu has.....
20 years still going strong! Magic Johnson most have the good man on his side. Hope you make it another 20 years+
RT : Dont forget follow to win an iPod Touch when we reach 5,000 followers
They might, due to the Coriolis effect...
lol what I do?!
I may only be limited to one, but I'd be happy to shred it for you. :)
#mysuperpower IS EVERY ANIME CHARACTERS POWER ....THATS POWER!
yeah I regret not going lol
#pirates no longer in last place!
Thanks for following, look forward to your tweets! #donate Home of the
Almost cried about pants this morning, I am an emotional wreck😢
Conservators at the Walters designed methods and cases to preserve Archimedes. I no longer have the coolest job in the world.
How I met your mother
Hopefully today goes by fast :l
no need to thank me :) its alright♥
"It's the bam nigga red"
Now THAT I'd like to see! Mother-daughter drunk faces!
Wow now I got 100 followers in literally 5 minutes no joke
The other guys #To damn funny
The way you started loving her is the way she should always be loved.
is sexy
send a "someone is spreading nasty rumors about u" DM, I UNFOLLOW. You're NOT getting "hacked", you're carelessly giving away your password.
congrats! I'm proud to be your colleague!
you didn't tweet anything
Limits Exist Only In The Mind - #Typography #summer #tank 25% OFF - Discount code 'DOGDAYS' bit.ly/k5rDA7
nice!! :) RT : Crazy excited! A little less than three weeks from getting our four new Eco-friendly vehicles delivered! Woo!
Oh no! I didn't know about that...I sure hope you're mending fully and nicely. Things are great here. Almost Christmas break.
Excited to welcome Elements, an amazing shoppe, and Karol Gugino to our Plaza. Let's go 2012!
going to head out too this car show for a bit
I don't even think or could get me out of this mood -_-
It looks another gray day with a few isolated showers.
I love ! Nice meeting u! See u in chicago!
Goldman neutral on $AMZN heading into earnings, despite above consensus Kindle/Fire sales. Will be interesting to see on Tuesday!
*Draping my arm over ’s shoulder, leading her towards the water* Neither can I. *Kissing the top of her head*
Cycling is the greatest show of endurance, skill, and manliness on the planet. Get on board.
y'all special
makes my heart pitter patter
Ooohh....where are you? That was the one thing missing from our VT trip, ice cream.
Client told ad approval would take 3-5 business days. I called my team at Google. Ads are live today. Magic.
looking forward to a great last panel on sustainable broadband adoption in Cleveland
Hey everyone follow !
Pompa: the notion of high expectations is missing from this bill. There are no achievement standards, but targets are essential.
Were you aware? RT NASA is hiring astronauts! "Frequent travel may be required." Read the job description and... apply?
Up in the am ..MORE MONEY MORE HATERS....
how does a 16 year old know how to do that? I'm perplexed and apparently inexperienced by those standards
Good to look @
you guys are too cute ❤
Anyone else think #thebachelor looks like he's related to ?
Wtf my mom beat me at table air hockey :O
Honoring Indiana Landmarks Volunteers tonight for over 6000 hours of service. We couldn't do our work without them!
nigga u on doe
No way the clips just cut a 27 point lead to 3
OXYGEN | Cure For Illness
man I hope it wasn't the Michael Jackson edition!
Everything reminds me of you.
also, if you want to splurge try The Colonial Estate-Exile from '05 or '06, amazing Barossa Shiraz.
We're getting so many great responses to our "what's your favorite childhood book series?" Have you tweeted us back yet?!
Here's a tip (and just the tip) from one of our top commenters, Link: "Watch out for Trojan Whores today."
I need my retirement to pay to kick my addiction to
There's still two games left in this series...could get U-G-L-Y.
well...10000!!! lol...U are now in the bonus round...who was our tallest Prez?? I'll be waiting 4 ur answer
what's up ppl you knw how we do. gotta K.I.M. I got big plans for my life, so i gotta get out there and make move, and get this shit poppin
You know it's cold in your office whe you find yourself clutching paper hot from the printer to warm your hands.
Billy Courtney - my reading teacher, football/basketball coach, and chess coach! featured in
take your time baby, ooh you the bomb baby. ooh you're doin' that even better than your mom lady.
ican't wait to see the music video for #SoListen !!!! its probally gonna be full or #SWAG and be super #classy =)
Third time in 2 days someone has wished me a Happy Mother's Day. Do you guys know something I don't?
Can't believe GE and Wylie lost
Definitely not the risk everyone is talking about. But it is out there.
All my music just deleted on my itouch...I'm fucked!
Lollipops star!
As a #hairstylist, the best part of the job is making people feel good. Just go above & beyond to make them happy!
#theawkwardmomentwhen you know everyone at the orthodontists except fro the kid from pius ...
It will be great to run the Green Bay marathon mid May, especially with the finish in Lambeau field. Can we tag the SB trophy at the end ?
If I wasn't married.....
I'm so close to just saying fuck everything and stay in new york!! But then I can't leave my clothes and my daughter in atlanta!!
@ charlotte, leaden steps
If it wasn't for date rape I wouldn't get laid.
There is no such thing as failure when you're talking about running 40 miles.
If you can't go to Coachella, send coworkers who are off with a detailed breakdown of the schedule. Have fun and !
tell me more
Me and my job have a love/hate relationship.
The Melismatics hit the "stage" at the 806 in Amarillo, TX tonight at 9PM.
Nice choices! Too many great ones...not enough for one tweet lol. Highway 61 and Exile are up there for me too.
Bills could have gotten Mallet, but no that organization sucks too much to see talent when its right in front of their faces
amen to that! Brady & teammates made mince meat out all the Tim T talk! Pats are looking amazing & unstoppable!
You're invited to “Cracking the Code: Business Technology”, a half-day seminar hosted by & Comcast Business Class on Thurs, Aug. 18
And made several vital tackles
Nice mustache tattoo on your finger.
"Zappos for historical shoes" 1st Russian Virtual Shoe Museum via blog post. Two of my favorite things: #shoes +
I don't think homophobes realise that homosexuals are born from heterosexual parents. (Most of the time).
202 arizona womans magazine did an awesome story on me. "I didn't realize how nice this magazine was and it's a Free magazine for the public
Without you, tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait & yesterday wouldn't be worth remembering.
GEEZ...My nerves are shot in this great game. Lakers by 1 with 2 minutes to go.. Come on Clips
no prob bro!
Trying to get folks to focus on engagement-based metrics rather than likes is kinda like herding cats
got skool in the morning grr dnt wanna go =[!!!
If everyone wants the same thing.. It will soon loose its value
It's always time for burgers
Follow My Nigga
How do you determine who needs to lead and what does the perfect leader look like for a project?
If I say its DOPE, I really feel that way, Ill never say that for something I truly dnt like bELIEVE DAT!!! no bias Music 1st
Can't wait for spring break in 2 weeks. Gotta kill these next two weeks to finish strong. Let's go!!! Ball so hard
Came true but in the end im just like you
RT Tried a new craft beer this wknd from in Tpa. Remember that name, like that's possible, this 1 is a winner!
ok lemme pack my maleta maybe she'd come faster
I would and will wait for you...
The truth will set you free.
Great find ! We agree with 1. Augmented reality is changing the way we interact with our mobile device & the world around us
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Can gays as a community every defuse misconceptions about us when we have them about our very own as well?
bored,bored,bored...
... "Drink more water! Drink an 8 oz glass of (filtered) water, 8-10 times per day, or MORE." Your Weight-Loss Coach
Book an #event in #2011 over $1,500 and rec. a comp. #happyhour in 2012 of equal or lesser value. #sandiego .
I can't believe I've never seen 'Ricky Gervais Meets...Larry David' and 'Ricky Gervais Meets... '
I thank God that I Am not basic.....
Happy Nurses Week to all the nurses out there
Yay!! New Short, New Play, more auditions what a day!!!
I think our keyboardist would second you on that.
In central London running a treasure hunt-had forgotten just how beautiful & amazing my city of birth was :-)
QUICK SHUTOUT!
RT : My chinese friend died last week. So Yung.
Its with that girl,, what's her name. Cymphonqe i think that's how you spelled it. I seen the previews.
oh my gosh!! Did he graduate??
Inaction cannot exist with true prayer.
I have an empty feeling watching tthis game.
The next Girls Day will include face painting (by Big Grins Face Painting!), kite making, games and a picnic on the National Mall! :)
Just puked everywhere yep. awesome.
Good morning Twitter world! What happened to Fall? Now we have Winter! Man is it cold here in MInnesota! Happy Criminal Minds Wed!
Can't wait! / MT : Back from the society for the study of midwestern literature conference. Next up Exciting summer!
My only complaint with the Avengers is that I wish they could have stuck closer to the original Hawkeye and used the Ultimate Marvel style.
When I get a Lambo one day you can ride in it just so you can ask me "Do you RUB yo Leatha!" lol
Purdue or IU, that is the question
Good morning!
Thanks for the repost and sorry for the late response. I am horrible at keeping up with twitter.
I took a huge gulp of Theraflu & almost died from how hot it was.
I forgot :P
YEAH thank you!
I ride my bike to work often & I see cars fly by me a little to close & most are messing with their damn phones.
Two new songs, almost done!
": I have the ability to forget somebody name .1346 seconds after they tell me...smh"I think it's cause people suck as a whole
there's not a way fans can get your phone # right? I think I saw a tweet where someone said she texted you lol
all those commercials are badass!
yes you do, admit it.
if snowmen came to life that would be creppy,if santa calus snuck in my house that would be creepy. mwuahhahahahahamhahaha!! >:D
"French it up"
“: A blue whale's penis is between 15-20 feet long.”
has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real.
yeah shes gonna come anyways just sayinnn
Hope I don't need aa ☂ 2ma (:
And put air in my tire
Rachel World is filled with anything and everything!!!!!
Good! working hard @ da studio
Congrats to my roommate's boss, Mr. Phil Stockton aka Mr. "I want thank everyone born" lol for his Oscar win for best sound editing!
good morning Jess
Time to take Ivan Nova out and bring in Mariano Rivera.
(KJB al day real
I need to listen to Price way more often
My oldest is Independent & voted for Obama in 08'. Gay marriage deal has pushed him to Romney. Winds are a changin!
Payphone = amazing song!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Scary whetstone kids are taking over chipolte!
It seems to be agreed that it's difficult to define your new work. The innovation doesn't necessarily fit in a category
Indy local media: I'll see your 11pm interview w/ Andrew Luck & raise you 6pm, now 5pm, 4pm, now Noon. Someone now cuts into Price is Right
It's a wrap (day 2); I think we made you proud!
I just wish I could support him as much as I'd like to :^(
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture. -- Allen Ginsberg
This article is by Peter Linett, of Slover-Linett Strategies, not by me. That said, I concur! ;-)
thanks for following us.
Ramona is annoying, why isn't her husband on this season @ all
I STEP INTO THE CLUB THE HATERS TURN AROUND MY MIDDLE FINGERS UP MAN IM JUST GETTIN DOWN- <3
*hug* thank you.
A4: Leaders of #HRtech startups need to stay focussed on listening to user feedback. UX can make or break a startup, esp in HR
You just might! Song choice and make me believe he is feeling the words in the song. Show me the man in Mann. lol
HARRY POTTER AH!!!
I don't know you and don't want to so fuck you and yo folks.
Last day of WiMAX Forum Congress Americas - Keynotes this morning are focused on Consumer Electronics!
thanks so much...glad to be a part of the great things God is doing in the world through others.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
maybe they broke something and needed to clean up the glass...they may be rude but everyone still deserves benefit of doubt
Yes! I'm so happy!! Hope you are great, Desmon!
become a friend and follow us on facebook for more updated information www.myvegaspeople.com
": No lol. I'd hurt my everything. I'm on the floor for most of it." EL OH EL!!!! Okay so in the fitness room
It's always weird to have arguments on Facebook where people Like button certain comments to make it feel a score is being kept.
the same haha
Don't congressional pledges not to tax/spend abrogate a moral responsibility to compromise?~Don
The holidays have arrived at Saxbys! With so many different cultures swirling about Newark, what do YOU celebrate?
Thanks for the retweet.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! May the luck of the Irish be with you.
lol are you serious
So yeah, fox & husband on fire, apparently coming to you this october.
yeah, March issue p.69 - Review by Peter Duffie
Billy Crystal was not pulling punches last night
When you see other coastline states with their coasts covered with condos, you'll really appreciate the Oregon Coast!
In da lab wit &amp; When da homie say "ADG HARD ON DEM TRACKS MANE" he mean dat! Holiday in 187 Mode!
And and everyone else who can fit in the character limit!
Glad you liked it! I adore poetry/writing prompts mostly because they usually work for me!
" I tell her bring it back like a DVR " ..... word to
well it's out there know lol
Hey #medlibs - any women's or reproductive health topics you'd like searching advice on? Thinking about some column topics.
CA League of Conservation Voters is presenting district maps
Gave #fyc Honors students choice to pick any comm/writing area to research. 1/4 chose #medrhet - Is it the premed or just popularity?
Playing marvel 3 for the first time in 5 months and playing with a stick for the first time at gemini was embarasing. I need to train.
fact. I don't get it.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Mention within the next hour and have a tweet dedicated just for you <3 www.TheSlidersMusic.com
part of the writers block is I want to make sure that it is respectful and actuate for soldiers and want some to read it...
Off to play ball I scored 4 yesterday today will be more difficult but I'm in #RVP form..
Seen the Broadway Play "Clybourne Park" and it was excellent
ewwww my dog farted.
Nice running into you at La Reve today, Happy Holidays!
BE RIGHT BACK .. LESSON.
Hey Ladd, Thank you for the follow :)
10 cops showed up and took Hardy away in handcuffs anyway. Police tell us they were just doing their job...
happy valentines day . ❤
I found out that prefers breathing with her mouth.
my followers are going down :( #teamfollowback help me out
I have officially missed my flight to Paris.
Love is like the five loaves and two fishes. It doesn't multiply until you give it away. -Author Unknown
I am sorry. Jews call this anniversary "yahrzeit." I hope your remembering is full of light.
Of course
Baby boy Beno (notice 3rd person) gotta eat! *Vegas Promotions coming up biatchhhhh! *Mels on Hollywood & Highland Let's go!
Thanks for the RT!
Temporarily lacking purpose. TLP.
Ahh! You did it again! Ahaha, it's cool(:
so THAT's why I couldn't get a res on Open Table tonight... good thing I check Twitter! #i'llbeback
hmm... isn't that on facebook?
Huh? LA Kings dethrone last year's finalists Vancouver Canucks in OT of game 6....
Sorry I haven't been on! School makes it hard to get online on weekdays. Whats up everyone? :)
Check in on Jeff Gillooly as well.
Nice! Good luck! Did you read that recent piece about it?
Insider News! Madonna teaming up with Tom Petty& Aretha Franklin for surprise onstage ORGY for Super Bowl show!
Thats 1 ignorant ass little girl..shed rather be known for being negative she think that shit cute smh
That's awesome!! Which show are you attending?
How stupid is the AD of UCLA to announce his first choice without any tentative agreement. 2nd place guy is leftover
Design Tip: Select carpet that fits your needs. Will it be used a lot or infrequently? www.cliointeriordesign.com
#IfItWasUpToMe I'd Throw the #BBCOR's out and bring back
Ah new phone
I always wonder about supposed professionals who don't reply to your emails or answer your phone messages when you want a simple Y/N answer.
you read what you get and you don't get upset!
Words that send a chill down my back. "What I think would look really good is..."
sat night 2am at Tip's just got even better! Theryl "Houseman" De'clouet is coming to sit in! And we have fred wesley and leo nocentelli!
Today wasn't that bad.
You both aren't here && we have a sub :/
"The journey is more important than the end or the start." -Linkin Park
lol good working ready to get back to hillsborough county
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! x
lol love you bitchass(: and actually tell mama desantis hi :D
We are up and running on Twitter!
how do you think signing Peyton would affect your production?
President Emeritus and Trinity Alumnus Dr. John Silber shares love of Jazz with current Pres. Dennis
Bruh I'm hate not having a car..... I wanna go home
Compared DPA to SM81 on Piano. Liked 4061's best with the lid down. 4061's or 4099's with the lid up. Dang they sound nice.
But close up a world's all dirt and rocks
Bait, traps, entry routes, A/B testing, bug powder, goddamnit I can't stop thinking about it.
#RizzleIzDaBestedt #RizzleKicks playing in the US. But, only on my headphones.
Are your kids "bored" again today? Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior - Santa is coming soon!...
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 20
Are you fucking kidding me?!?
Remember John Stamos (Uncle Jessie) on the drums??
Merry Christmas!! Have a safe day.
Super busy at work :-/
#SupportStartUps by following - your prime source for going out!
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I really despise my iPhone.
this really made me want cookies, so I made some peanut butter and coffee cookies!
it's all good
Hitchcock: “Fear isn’t so difficult to understand..nothing's changed since Little Red Riding Hood/big, bad wolf...just a different wolf."
S/O to FIJI for their win in pudding wrestling! Racking up those win this week!
This Ken Burns doc about Prohibition is pretty awesome.
Hey Chuck. Just checked my dm account and found about 200 messages. Weather lousy & Can't get out of the driveway w 1' of snow
I'm sorry I'm not a stalker therefore I don't go through ur page sir ... lose dah tude :-p
omg this is so old. We were so cute <3
Bush II and Clinton held same position and they were both re-elected... Just sayin'
Our heart and love goes out to Amy Winehouse and her family. She was an amazing soulful artists who talents were cut short too soon.
I need a rubber band. Aversion therapy always works for me.
i love a language's evolution but the newish use of "sticky" in marketing is for me too evocative of mucinex commercials.
In England this week but all concentration on the Giants. Must bloody #beatla WeBeGreater.com
You're a slow biker.
a late thank-you - I'll take "rocking"! :)
hi to you to gorgeous, your hot
What's inspiring your style today? The weather? Spring trends? Music?
Getting ready to hit planet fitness
y u dont go to bed lol
if is donkey...Whos shrek?! maybe paint paul in green...he'd make a really cool shrek. hahaha! .x
Heavy moves are literally around the corner... Can't wait to close this door and step into the one that just opened.
Wealth Matters: Is That a Real Motherwell? Better Make Sure Before Buying
And a surprise visit by mark wahlberg!
it's cold out and i'm watching my favorite movie snuggled on a couch with a glass of milk and a whole pack of oreos to myself.
hahah, happy to hear you appreciate our packing skillz. we were ninjas, but i like MASTERS with capitals better. :>)
We'll be doing more than our normal share of fancy restaurant-eatin' this week in honor of my boy's first birthday on Wednesday.
The #Weinergate denouement by press conference. Didn't know HOW it would happen just that it would. We're doing #myfox9 again tonight.
I just registered for my final semester at this lovely school, and my MTSU application has been shipped off for review (again)! Happy days!
We hope you all have a great 4th of July weekend! Get out there and play some golf!
Senior Citizens Attend Forum Held By Assemblywoman
Hard to believe both were "cool". I just saw a comedian say it was because both those were _white ppl drugs :) so ok
- thanks for following #lifevineworks! we care about
“: #MoneyTeam all day!!!” Fight night tonight! #CincoDeMayo! Have a great day!!
Acting lesson last night. Need to practice my monologue.
Tweet of the Day! RT : Varitek: "The hardest thing to do is to walk away from your teammates." Um, 98 Degrees begs to differ.
thinks your beautiful. <3
should of been on the cover of Madden 13..
Because Thor and Loki are just so Bob and Sue?
Me: How old are you? Random Guys: 17. Me: Oh that's still legal. *Walk away*
Ron Paul definitely doesn't support Communism or Radical leftism - don't know if you ever got that memo.
Me too!what made your day so great?
Foursquare celebration w library customers - chkin, become mayor and receive a "perk". Fun idea!
Look in the mirror & see what a hypocritical Republican looks like, that's rich, accusing of capitalism.
Thanks for the shout buddy!
I wish I had a robot to make my bed, and do my laundry, and cook my food, and earn cash for me. I must confess I don't.
Fashionistas reach out
Come visit at Summerfest for the final weekend! Our 20% off Sale is in effect!
The next big thing Avatar Kinect One day I'm going to host an avatar talk show
Warriors Forever #mubb #mualum4life go hard today boys
Get methlin ER 10 script at pharmacy when U get OFF Work
I ♥ your tweets so much! They inspire me.
thanks! I hope you keep listening and make it to a show sometime ;-)
Of course I'm stupid. I'm breathing same as you.
naw i pick it up ... if you do, just blame the poo on
So my guy happened to peek over my shoulder while browsing your site... he now insists I cook everything you've posted!
What do we have to do to get rid of Cowherd in Madison?
Should be no. 1 or 2 off the bench, if not starting right away RT : Its feels good to wake up and be a HUSKY
RT ALL MOTHER'S DAY..
Thoughts of work totally messed up my #bikramyoga session this morning. How is it only Tuesday?!
what I love keyshia cole can't wait to watch it!!!
So good have the #Hawks been this period, I forgot they were on PP.
I want to go to Rock The Bells . Hmm might as well go its around my bday so ill treat myself lol
Shit I'm hungry as hell..
haha! U r 's bro - that's awesome! :-) No wonder ur tweets r so funny! Being witty must b n yalls blood :-)
I have practice at 7. So, prob not.
Forget about turkeys, how about a couple hambones!
days like this i miss my grandma:'( ay.
wants to find the National Association of Broadcasters conference and commentate until he gets a radio show.
My intuition tellin me he on bullshit....
Do not get on 17 south... Major crash @ bethany home back up til 101
star wars on spike? yes please!
I ate all my hi-chews, what do I do now?
Either the server's dragging or Twitter's just unresponsive today. Sorry if I tweet @ u in multiples.
My opinion is that's a correct statement. Garnett is in the conversation. So is Barkley. But they have 1 combined ring to TD's 4.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
you're going to hell
Most noticeable library fashion trend at #ALAMW12 and #sc12: boots! Knee-hi, ankle, hi-heel, low heel, all kinds! Seen today: purple cowboy.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're anxious, you're living in the future. Peace is living in the present.
Tosic proves his class ! What a goal ! CSKA Moscow 1 -3 Madrid
