thanks, yep May. But I'll keep trying, it's a great deal! #LOVE Alaska Air
Having trouble getting #organic traffic? Try using a high key word density domain name for your business (i.e. citynameindustry.com).
For one day let everyone say exactly what they want to say
You're welcome lil one :))
ng. ~ALBERT¦EINSTEIN~
You never know how people feel
Very very busy day!
Happy Hour @ 4 Aces Grill w/music by Dj Cruz from 3 to 7! Start your weekend off with us here at 4 Aces Grill!
#IReallyWant you here with me right now .. It's hard
First Bonus Crossword Clue for May is more like a correction... okay, it is a correction: 33-Down should read "TWO ens make one."
go on Facebook!
Yes, I'm lame for bringing & to starbucks. Throw tomatoes.
much thanks
And now you just wanna go home and listen to Drake, text her at like 4 saying "hope you having fun with that new nigga"
I disagree with this entire tweet except the spring > winter part.
Hurricane Katrina Five Years Later: Hope For New Orleans
Nigga don't front with me,remember I know you...
there's always that one "arms folded" pose that guys do to make them selfs look more buff hahahaha.
the one with John Oliver? No.
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
please!!! I have 24 hours to give some amazing excuse..
Safe to say I'm not having a good day =/
Hope I don't confuse anyone ... changed my User name to ChatToText_Guru ... alrighty then ...
#finally. That 6-month TV non compete has expired --- I hope you'll tune in to see Jeff, Brian and me on KOIN TV at 4pm
hey justin plz follow me i begg u
IU bound this weekend.
Grateful to and for sharing the power of #glamwiki - can't wait for Weds 9am Wikipedia sesh!
tell u tomorrow 😉
thanks man!
I'm not sure I understand what happened. Can you email me?
Spaghetti, with or without meatballs?
An elder at my church brought me a caramel macchiato today!!! Day=MADE! #MyLuvCanBeBought haha Jkjk...but really :)))
what's up with mtu error? ref# is 1170840779
OK Siri was able to tell me that it is not raining. But I asked for tomato soup & she goes, "I don't understand CZN Buddism Melissa"
y did you steal my phone that day >,< lol
So, We want to know who your favorite artist/bands are that aren't well known? Let us know who they are! :)
dam Craig bout to pass u up in followers ALREADY lmao #HowDoThatMakeYouFeel ?
The object of the superior man is truth. Confucius
Don't look now, Bar Louie Water St is the place to be for Patio fun! Get your tix for the May 21st Katio Kick Off Luau, Open Bar 9pm - 10pm!
I'm bad at guessing age..the only one who looked at me was late 30s I'd guess
" Why do I have a q-tip in my pants? "
I was lucky enough to see him in concert. What a show. What a performer and what a legend he will always be. Truly the king of pop
DID YOU KNOW?! "Hippos can open their mouth 180 degrees" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Scott's homemade Chessecake tonight in honor of National Cheesecake Day . Looks yummy!
He wasn't there.
OMG THE NEW JERSEY SHORE TONIGHT AMAZING!!! RAMMIE BACK ON OMG I LOVE YOU
I don't get it
Anybody who thinks this was the best halftime show is crazy. How can you forget Prince singing Purple Rain.. in the rain?
Anyone who is anyone in #Journalism is here at the NYU Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute, 20 Cooper Square, 6th Floor in NYC!!
still up and on kush
Good night world
beers with the Felsenator, Happy Birthday
#lifeistooshort to NOT wear what YOU are comfortable in!
Alameda Sheriff Bus on fire-complete with prisoners on board. Couldn't believe my eyes! Finally they started unloading as we passed slowly.
Funniest tweets ever, lol love them.
Who would like to win FREE tickets to the Indiana State Fair? LIKE our Facebook page or follow us on Twitter for a chance to win!
no not at all.
“: we have tickets to Interpol+Blonde Redhead at terminal 5 on Sunday. Follow + RT with "I LOVE " to enter”
“: Gwars "America Must Be Destroyed" is quite possibly their best album.”. Seeing Gwar for tmrw! Gotta record Raw
#EdUSAForum - Discussion on creating linkages with local governments in other countries to promote more international students coming to US
Today was funny #mcdonalds run
We're actually just distracting you with our shiny #FFs so can steal your bike when you're not looking.
RT : RT [client]: I'll be on today at noon in Seattle (local NPR station) w/ a #CES wrap-up for
When you get up in the middle of the night & have to pee.
Hi Sarah, FIERCE eye makeup!
give the gift of music. touches the soul, lifts up the spirit...
Solana Beach votes overwhelmingly to ban single-use plastic bags!
Cannot wait to reunite with the birds this weekend
The Hulk > everyone else.
Playing at tonight with Jake Vinsel and Jeremy Cunningham, 9:30-12!
Fife Flowers and Gifts wants to know what your favorite flower is...
This essay sucks
Oh, dear. Big lightning. Now I feel safe.
HDone for lunch then back at the design game!
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS. <3
Why do bears get recognition for honey? Shouldn't bees?!!!
looks delicious! & whatever is on the plate looks good too ;)
#SUCCESSBABY! RT : let's do it!
calling my bank tomorrow... have some questionable charges on my bank statement!! #TF!!!
So, bitter-tasting sunflower falafel was the first strike on the food front. Otherwise, great food throughout - well done,
TOMORROW 10:30-1 Hot Chocolate will be in Spring Valley at Rancho San Diego plaza! Address is 2700 Via Orange way (look for the flagpole)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!! YOUR THE BEST :) Tell Jeff he better do something special 4 ya!
tell Toronto I miss them. Xoxo
mentioning guinea pigs is one of the top 5 ways to lose twitter follows
Freedom is like a hit of acid: Some people can handle it and some people lose thier shit and attack an embassy.
Highlight student work in digital course content at start of class to create incentive to participate in blogs, wikis, tweets.
LIVE: Congressional #French Caucus: Amb. Delattre opens by thanking Sen.s #Landrieu and #Boozman for organizing mtg on #nuclear waste
ya'll staying at the Tropicana
#battlefield3 is amazing! Anyone on x box live add me wezlucas
All this contraception silliness just reminds me that this is the dying throes of an irrelevant breed: the Wild American Jackass.
pretty good!
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Les Brown
... with QR tag to scan for link to our Facebook memorial page, GPS coordinates of demise, and links to our best tweets/diggs
True RT : It's only years later that we appreciate the importance of family photos.
Found: Birth place of the internet. FAKE! That is NOT Al Gore's basement…
that's quite a workout for the morning. How long did it take you?
those aren't nails they are freaking claws
hypocritical bitch
And most importantly, lifelong friendships have been created because of PJ. And of course, I can't forget my #PJFam. Thanks for the support.
Another "GREEN" COMPANY, CheapGreenPrinting.com soy NOT Oil based inks & Recycled Paper n Card stocks at the same traditionnal prices
Happy Valentine's Day everyone !
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me like...
my wife is couponing and planning a grocery store trip, #ohmygod someone please help me!
My mornings are not complete without the news. Suki & Francis are THE best. Hands down.
Where r u in this pic?
When my nephew was asked to go to bed he said " no mama YOLO", yes I taught him that
I better go find my truck keys.
I wish that person I see looking back in the mirror wasn't me.
I just registered for the Columbia University Reference Symposium for Friday March 16
apparently a lot of people "know" me... ask me who they are and i'd have no clue...
Thanks, Mary!
Looking for Turk Muro. Anyone have any info?
I know! We've been denied her Facebook friendship! Word is that she might be her next weekend.
Jenny these chicks r killing me. Need a real lady over here.
Dropbox Strikes Back: Adds Auto-Uploading, More Capacity - Tom's Guide
own one, and now purchasing other... can be a pricey obsession, this hitchcock thang.
If I could punch an Excel formula in the face I would.
i love you to!!!! <3 follow me someday please.
Oh nos! And is in Ohio now, you can wave at each other from across the state!
Love Scott. Such an ass.
i do find it heartening that the sites where peers contribute content (reddit, wikipedia) stood up for their audiences.
Life is annoying the hell out of me right about now.
no problem! :) thanks for telling(asking) me to send a pic!
Justin is so sexy eixnwodbs
I wish I couldve saw Mike Tyson in his prime
Need a place near Mechanicsburg PA for a benefit dinner for #PediatricCancer. Msg if you know of anything affordable!
Everybody follow & #bang!!!
Fruit tastes so much better in Jamaica...and so does everything else!!
Because we are all older than at #AAUP10! I don't know why ... but I'm more tired than I usually am after conferences.
I dont believe you to be honest.
Why do people with bad breath always have to tell me secrets???
Bulls are going to get put out by the 76ers.. Damn
Yeah, raising money for Eppi's org. $5/ tweet up to 20 tweets today and 26th.
gold digger by Kanye West. <3
at the KCA's!!!!!! He kept sticking his tongue out!?!! Ahh too cute :)
The Bums of Morgantown???
Shenmue was my shit (except when it wouldn't save right). Dreamcast was killin it for awhile. Soul caliber!
Summer summer time I can't wait
Not sure how I feel about RT so often. Do you think Oprah's Tweets will start showing up in fortune cookies?
You DO realize that madras plaid never really went out of style, right?
come out here today man!
thanks for making my dad's valentines day so special! He hearts you!
hey Cakes, don't pussy-out and stop hating Lebron just because you met him tonight.
My bangs are feathering like it's 1990. I need a haircut.
sweet. I'll try to be there!
If u don't know the half, then u don't know shit.
Cheers to a great week. Thankful that this weekend reminded me of the best of me!
I'm a night owl.. Plus I studied tonight. Im listening to slash play blues with bb king. Its the best music ever.
Hello world! Welcome to the official twitter of the American Studies program at Georgetown. Check back often and tell your friends!
Thank you so much ! Hope those students are treating you well!
Steve Raleigh, do you really need to be surrounded that many computers?
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” ― Mark Twain
do you know if these will b brosdcast in Us or just US team games?
My hairs weird looking i need to go bak to my original color
I is so sad. Chwistmas twee goes away today. Don't do it & don't do it
RT Thank you for the Professional Fellowship. I highly recommend NABEF's Executive Development Seminar www.nabef.org
Easy the most exciting final four I have ever watched
Thanks do much for coming out to my event.
No, be quiet and listen to your
good choice👌
I can understand that. I am pleased we have this in WI though because few places do & it helps remind people to think critically
Wtf is up with people? You stink! take a shower!
I love the confidence. After KGs performance last night I'll believe anything #vintage I say bring on the Heat baby
Best 1 in a long time! Madonna killed it! RT : What did you guys think of the halftime show?
My sister's babies are now 1 week old!
there are a lot of us who want to read your stories, but do it on your own time. Real fans will be there when YOU are ready :)
Willie McCovey #44 1973 San Francisco Giants Authentic Throwback Mitchell and Ness MLB Baseball Jersey (Grey)
have you done your picture yet? remember the thing were doin for the ___________ ? (:
yeah kinda not tht long if you thnk about it
love this new cassette 4-track! hope it lasts a long time.
I'm in the mood to go see a moviee.
So he's definitely calling little spoon?
Bristol for the dayy.
#FF because Mr. Measures is a funny, smart gentleman.
Totally into it. We're not Santo and Johnny. We're Cento and Randy.
theres always that bunch of fake people in high school and even after high school. things never change. should i put them on blast? fun!
Belly button piercings is the most annoying, uncomfortable healing process.
i'm on the verge of landing my first corporate client! Final meeting is set for Wednesday. YAOW!!
The acid trip scene from Mad Men is making me have flashbacks. My arm looks so weird right now.
I think I'll be playing a majority of my online games with Dallas this year...I like Dez Bryant as their 3rd reciever
Perry plays Morman card, then demands Romney reputidiate Romney care, then says revolutionary war was in 16th Century.Love it!
...Sure! I'll Tweet you my exact location when I get there, but you can't tell anyone else where I am ;-)
Thank you so much!!!!!
moisturize your hands
: trying to determine how to save face. Guess I'm going to Donuts w Dads and challenging the ninja to a fight.
I hate myself so effing much right now. ... in other news, my phone is about to die. Goodnight.
If you haven't heard, the game isn't going to start until 6:40 because it isn't raining.
""Never Mind." Definition: You should've listened the first 3 times b*tch."
I hear your as obsessed with the Manson family / murders as well :)
Dear dissertation: You're welcome to stop inducing migraines whenever you'd like. Sooner, rather than later.
miss you to my love. I'm headed to pick u up now.
wow! I didn't kno that! She good. She's grown as a hell
I'm sick of being the piece of crap I am. It's time for some serious change...time for actions
watching him in titanic 3-D again wasn't bad either....!
If you get shafted by any tests this semester, don't make it a drug test.
There is nothing but a bunch of lonely people talking about what they want on fb, oh yeah and drama. smfh
Well I think I found the reason why I'm always the dumpy My heart will always belong to (,= Mood:INLOVED
Tipped our waitress $0. Don't think I ever did that before. Awesome food. Awful service.
Thanks for eating with us yesterday! Love seeing the checkins! How was your pizza?
Gotta hang dry wall in the morning
Bad timing for great smells
I grew up in NC a UNC fan.But, I have been exposed to the bulldog madness for 12 years and it as grown on me.I bet the games r nuts
I'm sorry, but migraines and church aren't plausible reason to miss practice or a performance.
Thanks, I sent him a note :)
Is it bleacher and boogs night at the yard? Someone help us out with this intel
Finish this: The competition was stiffer than _______.
im making a documentry about whats the meaning of l.i.f.e (living in fearless enjoyment) coming soon
Does anyone remember the show "Static Shock" that was on WB? I just discovered there was an episode that discussed racism. Incredible.
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! ..
Audience member asks what role fear plays in our need to work at the cost to happiness. De Graaf says polls show it's stress and anxiety...
Yur All I Want. Everything I Need.
Good news! My friend's black lab often eats things she shouldn't.
: Attending #SALT2012 in Vegas where #BDO is a sponsor.
Nice! I'm going to the gym and then watching the NHL All-Star Game at 1pm!
Jennifer Hudson Brings the Diva at VH1 's Soul Event When Jennifer Hudson was invited to perform at VH1 's Divas Celebrate Soul event, we
Whitney's Muni Forecast Is Short on Specifics
well dude.. It matters. I don't fuck around with that colby jack shit.
Obama’s faith-based failure
Everyday that I don't see blood in my urine? That's a good day. Except when I also don't eat pizza.
Watching TVOne. "Black Iron Chef" is actually called, "My Momma Throws Down".
Wow, you are just shopping up a storm today, aren't you? ;-)
Yes, it will! When do you here back from social security?
i was so excited to wear it... Glad u liked it!
O_o What I Do???
I just don't think you could be ignored. You are a power house. Claim it. Remember, some times, its good to be ignored :)
I'm trying get back in the gym
Seriously people. It's game one. Chill. #Lakers Maybe needs an account...
Be sure to follow
Your are not enjoying the holiday if you are not listening to Christmas music on
I live in denver with my husband of six years this sat. And my 31/2 yr old daughter hayley. I love the avs.
(AP) -- Mount Rainier park official says Washington state snowshoer missing since Saturday found alive
Peach mango green tea is honestly the greatest thing ever
Strong start! Let's do this.
Obama needs to invoke the 14th Amendment. Pls vote against the debt ceiling deal. We can’t afford this “compromise”.
I invited 3 kids and a dog to spend the night and just rolls with it. That's hawt.
By far the hardest thing I've ever done
ppl have some stanky ass attitudes today
hey gorgeous...
Wait, whose keys were those?
Thanks lady! We have fun for sure ;) thanks for watching us! It means a lot!
Putting together my grammas printer... (: RT : What a nice sunday(: Is anyone doing anything cool today?
RT - Eagles and the jacksonville jaguars going to the superbowl
Xmas Tweets: my favorite moments- NYE at Wildfire, listening to mom recount scenes from Bridesmaids every day, and dad's OCD.
Your girlfriend should be your best friend. It's not just a title
i know its a joke. Apparently they are made extremely well tho
Windows open, apartment filled with the sound of frogs. Yay Spring!
wants me to make water for her! can vouch for that.
it was so weird hahaah
join today for free post your highlight tapes and photos show off your talent today for free help college coaches find you
Looking for #TechKaraoke #TwonkyTK pics & video? They are in editing now & will be up on Techkaraoke dot com VERY soon! :)
Just childish
May the odds be ever in your favor... great movie! Now I HAVE TO read the books :/ Such a fate... :p
Just ate some Indian curry over Jasmine rice. Yummy!
s beard kill 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
nothing better than 30 degree weather, sitting at home in zionsville.
Seriously, is there anyone on this planet Earth that hasn't talked shit about me behind my back?
Imagine if you accidently dialed the wrong number and it ended up being a guy from BTR...
Well I guess im going slacker today (:
Omgz I <3 my gaugez RT : I like having friends who aren't bragging about their plugs all the time like most people in this city.
Passion and drama and some really comfy cushions somewhere in the mix. Looking forward to talking to you soon.
5/16/1785->F Hopkins:..to touches of the Painters pencil..I sit like patience on a Monument whilst they are delineating the lines of my face
Very cool, is kinda like Prezi, could be useful for iPad/wkshps (totally in like with the )
Need good book for 8th grade, foster youth in juvenile justice system. He wanted #IfTheseChainsCouldTalk. Can't find it. Suggestions?
smart move
No prettier #valentine could be presented to her than a pair of handsome slippers or walking shoes.
One day I imagine Frances Townsend will just shrivel down to a well-tanned human prune— a skeleton held together by skin.
#Don'tBeScared To Stand Up To A Bully.
conducted via their website and not thru Twitter. I am VERY upset with their decision but it is totally out of my hands.
Complete vehicle detailing services now available at our Sellwood location!
Bad intentions, bad decisions, worse regrets
Congrats! RT : With Dolly as our 150th adoption & several others finalizing now, we've now exceeded our goal!
I just saw the BIGGEST spider I have ever seen in my life. I thought it was a scorpion or some shit at 1st. NOT here for it, Richmond! -___-
Cool beans.
absolutely. Just finished a quick write up. Great news.
Hanging with my sis
Gotta go, as says. Late and I have many rows to hoe. Go ahead. Make something obscene from that statement.
from "No matter how good a musician you are, if you diss other bands, I care about your band less." Can you say #kingsofleon ?
There's a time to think of nobody but yourself; that time is not when you've made a commitment and others are depending on you to follow up.
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Jerry Angelo, #Bears OLs, #FantasyFootball . . . it is not a short list today.
I should have clarified... TF2= Team Fortress 2
keep emotions in check and apply the pressure. Keep playing for your teammates...smart, hard and have fun boys. Let's go Pens!
The action and acting however was MAGNIFICENT! Black widow, loved. Captain America loved even more. The Avengers.. I recommend seeing
operation Nap;success!Now if someone could kindly tell me the yr & who the president is. Oh and who guitarist of the yr is. That be super ;P
Lol i was asking myself same thing
Bed time then gym then work ... Soon all this working will come to an end and I'll work one job like a normal person .. Well two bc I ❤$
please share if it works out.
wish i still had mine, gave it up for a woman that didnt share my views on the way a motorcycle improves your social life
and despite she extra nice.... If she start catchin feelings im a catch a flight.....
"Forbidden......more like deprived"
I liked what Lon Babby had to say today. Suns won't spend $$ aimlessly, won't be afraid to roll over cap space to next summer.
why do this to me :/ no thank you
thanks! I will text u as soon as I get back:).
Whoa, that's weird. I have the same dream but about a big pile of cash then waking up only to see nothing there.
#HappyMothers day to all the moms that have lost their children.
Yes... Originally Pittsburgh 😄 RT “: are you from PA originally?”
I think "Visible Margin" is going to be an amazing space -- honored to have it in the #Alt-Academy fold.
Now that's possible. Especially if the family came from PA.
let me know im gonna be there.
Thanks Eduard. Miss you guys, and give Mia a hug for me!
I think LF is to be expected, but Choo needs to step up.
I know! Reminds me if track practice... Grass smell... Rain evaporating off the the track and those dank high jump pits. :-)
Without self motivation, you're clueless.
Tell me your phone number! need to talk
Good luck on the FCAT y'al
Why does Va Tech always get love???
Listening to an informative Q&A with Maxine Waters at
Did you know? Dice have been around since before recorded history. Celebrate national dice day, today.
Lights please.
Excited to see if Nebraska comes to the big ten.
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people, thanks to Donna Highfill
yea man
can't wait to rock the Rhythm Music Festival stage at SF State today at 2:30pm! #rhythmmusicfestival!
The winner will be announced tomorrow, on Valentine's Day! Stay tuned...
Good morning!
No ones up and tweeting !
Thanks for showing some love! TGIF!
will do man.
you wrote it on you hand! PROVE IT. Yes, cell service @ comerica is better than usual, proving to be a distraction for me.
80+ degrees today!? What's everyone's summer playlist looking like?
Thks 4 following me back. I tweet back may take a minute but I'll hit u back. Have a good day.(thirsty thursday)
OMG that was a bomb “: Braun w/ another bomb! Number 6”
Fun. playlist!
dude...really? are you a n00b?
Been sleep all day
all you #mothers out there "Happy Mother's Day"!!!
I mean, if I'm being honest, I'm just ready for Jesus to come back already.
Very exciting!
Hi Heather, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
tell Richard pitino hello
Yes, I'm making cups to pee thru like a funnel!
Even though i complanined about higschool alot, i know it has been some of the best times of my life. #blessed EXACTLY
*I'M* the lucky one. You guys make me look god.
Happy Valentine's day...spread the love! Got a date tonight with the two prettiest girls I know, my daughters.
Looking for a fun and relaxing evening activity? Try tonight's 6PM Yoga PJ Party at Bright from the Heart. Details here:...
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
i am LMFAO
- Let's do this!
lol so u lookin forward to Friday then huh??
Crossing....crossing...and bored lol hope you win though!
You are moving into Marylee's and you get to paint the room?
Writing fight scenes is like imagining one in your head, playing it in slow motion and rewinding several times.
Done RT : 40 people follow ~~> for a shoutout ! Reply "DONE" !!!!!
So where in the world is home?
People of Illinois: Don't forget to get voting on your schedule tomorrow. (And vote for if you're able!)
Im happy as fuck right about now , dk why
I just used mine at a salon!
got more into the nostys as I got older. now i'd def let him spill paint in my garage
Hi Nico - thanks for the #FF mention. May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
Cherry limeaids from sonic >
RT : Tribe in Oneida County says environment must out weigh jobs. Active discussion continues.
jonas bros? idk if we could pull that one off!
Your poor husband. RT PMS & waiting to hear if your show got picked up is a dangerous combo
Mine aren't as pretty but close...and I was able to pull pre-made code from some random Blogger Tips site.
Its giving time! Please click the giving tab at the bottom of the screen.
SO agree. Best part of my morning, easily: “: This rules.”
These close #spurs games are tough to watch.
thinking about it
Enjoying my first Prayer Breakfast with local African American faith leaders. The drug war is a war on people of color and must be stopped.
Is getting appliances for her new house!
Heavy sigh. Missing "2001" in 70mm at the Cinerama due to flu. At least some pals are using the tix. But couldn't I be sick NEXT week?
I'm not sure how you can be sure loan forgiveness will solve anything, except cost taxpayers or lenders.
Daddy Gorsk gets me a birthday card, doesn't sign it, just - "Happy Birthday Sarah." LOL & $25 😉 I'm so lucky 💛💛
- only if he shoots his TV too
Family Day NYC is only 3 days away & we have Family Four Packs to giveaway.RT with #readeveryday for a chance to win!
I gotta go to sleep! Imma try to get them to more tomorrow! I promise <3 Loveyou!
Ok, goodnight! Have a great Friday! Talk to you soon <33
Have you heard anything about the plans to break the record 4 longest soul train line on MG day?
Thank you to everyone that made it out to the Tiger Club Homecoming Tournament and to everyone who "took on the pros" to support Oxy Golf!
"If you have ideas...there isn't any limit to what you can do....Ideas are any man's greatest asset." ~H.S. Firestone
If that wasn't Draymond Green and MSU, but rather Terrence Jones and UK, it would've been AT LEAST a Flagrant 1, probably a Flagrant 2!
I just filed the last of my final grades and finished a year teaching a 6/6.
I just knew today wasn't gonna go well and I was right.
no open mic?
"protect lil b"
lol! Nah, she's half asleep and I'm trying not to be a weirdo. :)
the online website for tends to be buggy/difficult. Today-didnt work at all. when I called in, store mgr didn't care.
thursday is here -- about to have an egg white omelette (how to spell?) in the spirit of jack lalanne... no doughtnut and cigarette today.
Does Niall Horan have a twitter? -Maria
I'm liking the new Twitter homepage!
I'm over you and your actions
OK, re: Beijing, see my message.
Wow... Fresh celantro smells really good!
Thanks! Now to find the time to do it more often. *sigh*
Oh you nasty.
Don't forget to pick up your yellow coupon books at any participating store, and start saving today!
Freely you have received, freely give.
is deadly serious about live-tweeting #SOTU. Just read a minute by minute account. Who needs tv?
how much chuck could a wood chuck chuck?
Reading Game of Thrones on this
Mission tonight at 7! Humans at the CWells clock tower, Zombies at the bio lecture hall. Let's finish the day off well!
Niggas a pull put a band but gotta to spend 800 of that on product just to make it thru the next 2 weeks
Major Payne>>>
i'm not that awesome ;) hahaha
You are reckless.
Netball, Billiards, and Paintball were added to our sports list. If you have any new #recsports requests, just let us know!
I don't even know what McGill is talking about anymore
I can't help but be intimidated by the crowd in the student lounge before school..... no racism intended
Pour some sugar on me. C'mon, fire me up.
What? I can't tweet my pitch? Damn.
YOU KNOW WE'RE GOING TO BE ON #RHOA TONIGHT, RIGHT?? HOT PINK CUPCAKE BATH BOMBS (formerly as Danae's Creations).
Thank you my friend! I did. It was wonderful. Hope you had a very happy Thanksgiving as well!! Blessings
feel like writing
But I hate it when I'm out tryna do something
Aw, shucks. It came about because I was trying to suss out my own feelings about disciplinary defs, and realized +
Can't read a paper at 3am.. realizing its upside down... derp.. I'm a blonde..
Guess I jumped to conclusions
And for that matter retweet, post and share?
If they're shooting at you, you must be doing something right.
Love when a researcher asks for the impossible and less than an hour later, without trying, the impossible has been found!
follow me? Pleasee.
Baby daddy left me got another bitch , ain't workout now he want a second chance
Can't wait to go home & kick it w/ ; about to be a good day & gonna smoke some #Weed #yeahbuddy lol 😜
Haha you're officially awesome:)
I will diminish, and go into the West...where the cost of living is like, way cheaper.
LOL! They'd eat him alive up there. Only a mug would take that job right now. Expectations far outweigh the talent guv'ner.
Wants M&Ms really bad!
absolutely! Enjoyed the meeting and Miss Jones Looking forward to the events.
The #Patio is open! #People watching and our Lavish #Breakfast Buffet!
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.” ― Maya Angelou
I wish I could be more optimistic that there would be one...
Come on Yovani. You have to be able to beat these guys too.
Motto: "We believe handmade tchotchkes are life inspiring"
M god lol RT : i love my thighs...esp wen someone has their face between them
Don't worry about it. If they never tweeted then you probably aren't missing out on anything.
Thanks Marina. It's good to be back. I think this one's going to be really good.
I'm sadded that you are playing in new Orleans tonight and you haven't told me in advance. What gives?
Thanks for sharing the new link! Let us know how the event goes.
M, do you make most of the stuff you tweet?
Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
& she kissed him!!!! U BITCH-in my hating voice
Just saw it! Its better than I imagined! Great dialog too and of course, Scarlett Johansson is breathtaking! Enjoy =)
Attending the Online ROI Summit by TechTarget about online convergence and technology. Expect marketing tweets today!
What's more important than the hour or so at the gym? The other 23 hours! What u eat, how u sleep, stress...keep it all in check!
.180 avg in A doesn't get him Bronx love, guess he wants to be a catcher's version of Strawberry & booze out
my wife is pregnant and has a dumb boss--she's stuck because of insurance. i hate being stuck and dumb bosses. not clever, just true
Why has no one purchased Iggy Pop a shirt yet?
Thanks for the RT! :) My first book so I appreciate all of the support tremendously.
lol..don't consider myself one of those. Just trying to serve. Congrats on Howard !! Have some great Frat brothers there
Wow! I'm still looking for hotel to sty during our trip to KL.Few days left & i still hvn't found any suitable hotel for us! recommand pls?
I just wanna love and treat you R I G H T T <3
FYI and are singing show tunes in the newsroom. That is all.
You have to love Twitter and the 140 character limit- it really forces people to get to the point.
you rocked worship at staff meeting Tuesday!
OMG IS COMING TO CULTURE BOX IN COPENHAGEN IN TWO DAYS AND IT'S SOLD OUT! FUUUUUCCKKKKKKKFEFJEOFNEFSNUIFNEUINCESU#$#!@&$(Y
Fine psquare! I like that better
Your Aunt needs to hear from you Hmu very soon:-)
Registration for GRCH, scheduled from Aug 9-13 on the campus of the UofH w/ a live showcase scheduled on Aug 15 @ a venue TBA, is NOW OPEN.
Come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday, 10% off all concentrate donations. See you then!
FFX Co Pkwy, you may be officially SR 286, but I'm still gonna refer to you as 7100N/S.
#Toyota emotional appeal =
Today is ! And can we just say how much we love this crazy, quirky and beautiful town?
Started listening to Enrique instead. Thompson Square makes me too lovey dovey
We're not sleepy at all -_- thats what sux
All these classless fans need to go back to where they belong rooting for the lions and vikings
if Diaz loses, u have to make Diaz vs Koz. Easy $$$$. Dont let the people down. We will meet soon my friend.
My mom is telling everyone embarrassing stories about me when I was a baby. Slythering away now.
How do you defend a zombie invasion? Any ideas?
…See Orwell's Law: "Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous."
Happy Birthday , Have a wonderful day with the persons you love and have fun !! :D
Happy Sunday!!
Going hotel hopping
Standing O for Craig Counsell & base hit. Nice.
I feel so good when I know I don't have homework when I go to school.
I'm miserable, at best. I miss you.
Did any of my philly area friends get a fun email from jambase today?
How was the show? #Fuerza Bruta
I never gave an #update. Got the script reading
Drinking in the weirdest beach house. Stealing beer. I think so!
bruh....this nigga got like 8 singles and they all get STUPID spins in atl
I am tired of people always asking what they can do to help and they catching an attitude because they have to help.
Second person POV in a query? o.O
LOL sleep tight and no hangover tomorrow AM out of you, lol.
Seek God first
I don't hate anybody 😃
See my last tweet. Perfect score by Shaun White. Sick.
??? RT : Get an update on terrorist powder at iowa capitol
please follow me <3 :)
Americans prefer meat toppings to veggie toppings by a ratio of 62 to 100.
John if this is really you i just want l just want to let you know that you are really sweet and kind also !!
Buying the new maps this weekend but I don't have elite
. Great talking with you today. Always a pleasure. See you here in LA soon!
“: and what that mean, church girls be some of the freakiest hoes lmao” my brother is a virgin jst like u. No hoes!!!
Want to you know how much money you stand to make after college? Ask me!!! I can give you tools and tips to gauge your financial future.
Nice! Small world. And I love Nate.
#askcampbell do you own a boomerang?
The essence of love involves the presence of risk, the possibility of failure & the need for vulnerability.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms...enjoy your day!!
Bryce Harper hits the scoreboard for the second time in this game, now 3 for 4 for the night.
Always something to do. Not all of it has to get done.
Send me your electronic Press Kit to with your contact info. Cheers!
Beatrice and Heather like Richard Kern's definition of literacy. It's too long to tweet, which is either a comment on academia or Twitter...
Glad I come home and I get no texts from anyone. Like that's real fuckin cool
What's your favorite song right this very second?
$2.50 Sausage Wraps now till 7pm at the Sugar Shack on 24th and San Antonio St!
did vinny quite the show??
The #Pirates bats is still in Spring training so far
Saw u in Vegas a few years ago, froze up and didn't even say hello. So, "hello"! #happyholidays sarahsilverman
I haven't been tweeting lately
Noo. Not yet, but the weekend after this next one, I'm going over to the neighborhood that he lives in to meet him. c:
I dediced to drinnk this soda can today because I don't know if I will be still alive tomorrow !
Congrats! : Myla Skinner is named the Young Nonprofit of the Year! Congrats to Myla and her family. What a wonderful person....
Yup. Still waiting after an hour. Not sure what to do. did Active just die on you too while processing credit card?
Stayed up til 1:30 EST watching that game, totally worth it! If PHX loses our game on Sat is for the division.
Was most underrated moment in O's collapse,in June when Mark Conner took his marbles and went home? Adair is deserving of full-time gig
not new in my book. Established franchise, open over 30 days and over 18 minutes in line to ask a question. I was NEXT.
I dont care how sexy your ad is, buying that Fiat is grounds to have your man card revoked, mo questions asked.
Our Mr. Gasket Yellow and Green Powder coated Stainless Steel Radiator and Heater Hoses for only $5.00 each is almost gone.
I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 8'43"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Just when I thought the bookstore in the Virgin terminal couldnt get any more awesome, they start busting out Mr Mister.
costco membership renewed online, sweet!
#mubb on the primetime stage tonight let's go
Don't let the sousaphone player rap. Ever. #life lessons
They were great.
yeah!!! Oh an you mean the lead you stole..never gave back..and lost! OH YEAH SCREW YOU
GOoD Morning!♥ Its MondAY !
bring your workout gear and swimwear! I'm done with Facebook. I heart Twitter
Changed My name from to
well damn
About to lay down since I have a whole another 20 minutes before i leave
Lmfao.... It's been like forever!
WRIT .012s GOING!
Talent is God-given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful....
#Lakers say no. No guarantee Deron commits to them, plus Bynum playing best ball of his career.
Gearing up for the Media Preview ! Tune into and for a glimpse at the park before we open this Saturday!
Can't wait to write something up on the great work by students in #TRMA585 online identity #socialmedia course -I'm loving their finals
Performing tonight @ Djangofest NW in Whitbey Island, WA w/Hot Club of Hulaville. Party tonight Django Style
"All these fairy tales are full of sh**.. One more f*ckin love song, I'll be sick" -Maroon 5
Working on re-designing my website today using my favorite platform WordPress. I'll finally be able to blog & upload my art faster.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
I like ... Well, more like LOVE ;)<33
Nice! A quality idea for future outing!
Haha fair enough RT : okay I'm being dramatic. I'm not dying but literally every muscle is sore. Just let me be!
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings. - Kurt Cobain
people can be so mean... bitches.
Tina: wonderful webinar today on the Whole Brain Child...very useful examples of working with kids and parents! Therese'
New blog posting, Type 2 Diabetes - Why One Diet Does Not Fit All - Error
I love you patty ! <3
What's the point in fixing our beds in the morning when were just gonna come home from school and nap?
not as awesome as the end of March, eh?
Sunday's are so boring
Every now and then I get a little bit lonely and you're never coming round #totaleclipseoftheheart 💔
ey guh dont ever forget you'll always be apart of one of my closest group of friends. I'll always miss you and every1 else!
Lunch with a friend now to workout and make dinner
Wow Carl Anthony Payne (Cole from Martin) was the one who tricked Tasha... lol wow
I could really use a nice blunt right now... Who wants to fire your boy up !?
S/O to all the girls on my TL that have been or are going to hit the gym today!
Re-electing #Obama is worth it if only to keep Uncle Joe as Veep. !
hahahahahah DONK! he's drinking Foster's!
RT : Were closing out our #SmallBizUchat w Thx for participating -back next Wednesday!
productive day at work... now class... then LOST
#NP Jack White - Love Interruption
NOW NO SWIMS ON MON
positive vibrations
good morning dawg!!!
Wow, I made it this far into the day on only one cup of coffee...miracles do happen!
RT “: *Exits Twitter, closes laptop, crawls into bed, unlocks phone, gets back on Twitter*”
Art + Magician = Artician - now you know how to pronounce Artician. Magical :)
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Anyone remember when Tom Gugliotta got his barbed wire bicep tattoo? #Bullets? #Timberwolves? #Suns?
maybe he isn't gay. he's heavily flirting with some random girl. but the guy beside him looks spree annoyed / possessive. lol.
Feeling very blessed to be in an Academy Award nominated film...hope we can take one home tonight!
If you ain’t bout them peace signs I don’t fuck witcha
Aw my boo boo :( ur gonna have to get to the doctor ASAP
I totally agree! I can't believe we have to wait til September for it to be back :/
Today is so boring!!!! -____-
this is getting a retweet
Actually, I wrote it! Thanks for linking :)
Thanks for sharing the article. Happy Nurses Week!
I hear, I forget, I see, I remember, I do, I understand!
Jerome Simpson&Perrish Cox prove yet again that U can take some1 out of the hood but U can't take the hood out of some1
S/o to What up with cha?
Thank you
Can someone with the flu cough in my mouth? I've got like 60 hours of sick time that I need to use.
Aw that's too sweet. Well my dog is adorable. :)
#ThingsIDislike the fact that we aren't together anymore..:/ #IStillLoveYou!
The refs want the 49ers to win giants is getting played
Lisa, just checking if you were able to place your order without too much of a hitch?
haha I totally just heard your voice in my head say that with that face you do haha. And noo way;P
yea cant wait for us to all hang out at the cookies again lol! okies doll i'll ttyl, Felton Hunnies for life :) : )
Cool use of twitter in the classroom: have students tweet as the characters from the novel they're reading
I just love how musical the holiday season is. :-} Oh yes, I do.
agh she didnt accept my request
Football has nothing to do with basketball, so it's not the same. Football has about 1/4 of the schedule. Every game means more
"..people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." -maya angelou
and business leaders realize that we too have to do something. We can’t wait for Washington.
Dear I like you, I really do. But you just can't keep up with my heavy tab usage.
congrats on another pro bowl. I will always remember u as a member of "the peyton manning experience", great commercial.
Click on a YouTube video and a 15 sec add comes on and u think "well I did really need to see it"
follow back that would be like a dream come true
And not so easy either! RT : Juggling is fun.
It amazes me how many people take photos of ppt slides.
I WILL be getting coffee
Thanks for supporting the arts with all of the re-tweets!
yes, please!
Why do so many filmmakers paint the future as bleak? Come discuss at New Frontier on Thurs at noon. Free panel.
I don't want you to feel like you're the only girl in the world, I want you to feel there are plenty of girls, & you're the only one I want.
We couldn't agree more!
thanks 4 the follow
great game
I'm just gonna casually take random quizzes and post my results.... o.o
Are you seriously on twitter bro? Your profile is creepy! LOL
be careful driving!
back at ya
I dnt smk mid i dont like the taste
No more talking guest mix <3
So excited for Island Divine event tomorrow!
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.” ~ Dr. Seuss
Happy Birthday your Shaqness! Dana White should let you fight in the UFC for your birthday!
Mammi water...powerless power.
why do i feel like rondo earns cheap triple doubles?
In MBA, the core topics you'll encounter include:Accounting,Quantitative analysis,Economics,Marketing & Organizational Behavior
Thanks to , I am in the Virgin Gaming NBA 2K12 Finals. LeBron, are you ready for a championship season?
I just got a track pad, so I have to start thinking about upgrading :)
... Supports them. Great START Tiger.
Dear Lord, if you can't make me SKINNY, please make my friends FAT!
We're recording a slew of Jean Gabin movies today from Turner Classic Movies, including a handful we haven't seen. Nice going, TCM!
Expired SSL certificate on my third-party application software sure does make it difficult to do my job.
sidetracked on the net again
Here come the Amy Senser / Twins should hire her to hit and run jokes.
. I can understand why the tutorials are fun...they're awesome!
So sad lax season is over
(...) But as somebody who was one of the earliest net neutrality supporters in the House, I also want to stay true to those traditions
good lord I agree! but! my mom made out OK, so...
Early Morning s/o 2 th North American A Basketball Lg. Western Conference Commissioner/Administrator I hear the sound
I agree! I'm sure she's an emotional rollercoaster at this moment!
You don't know who it's about? So your tweet was false.
WHO IS TAKING ME TO SCHOOL😒
I'm at the game, sir.
Ugh i hate that i keep loosing weight
keep up the good work!
Thanks for the retweet!
Mine to :) RT : My favorite colors are green and white
staying home from school.apparentlly medicine doesntdo anything for the sniffles
The time when all your blood, sweat, tears, and energy used amounts to nothing. All your work is for naught.
First it's the flick, flick, flicker of crinkling plastic bags, and now a problem with the Lexus, nice on the quiet car-
We are having a great time at oktoberfest come visit our booth its a PARTY at DealShow
Happy Easter Monday to all celebrating! We hope you had a great weekend; now send us your #fiction!
Ah shoot, first day of the month=bills are due 😞 <<<<
Still no sleep :)
I hate ppl at the grocery store that can't use self checkout
thanks! I love the solstice!
Did you know the Silver Spoon Award Party features 30 of #CLE's best restaurants & 8 international wineries? YUM.
Hell yeah, thanks! It really is a fantastic LP. You guys have done no wrong yet in 2012, far as I'm concerned.
BTW, David, I mean to email you every single day--I think I promised you a piece for the blog about 6 months ago!
u need knee pads that's one of your carrier requirements
It's All About the Panthers
Why must I feel like that! Why must I chase the cat!?
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" Robert H. Schuller
Arbelogy provides amazing print & pattern inspiration! Check it out !
So like right now is like somewhere in Albuquerque :D
In which, he has been killing me lately!
2012 Advanced Seminar is full with a waiting list. Professors van Pelt, Browning, Kassow, and Dwork are presenting.
ppl who have 1 Cor "Love is...." read at their weddings ... off my favorite people list
That's Todd! See you soon!!
just hang on! You'll make it to SEATAC one way or another. (a tweet of #support for stranded airport traveling)
who are you and why are you talking to me. you go to dohs.
LET'S GO MAVS!!!
Do you know one city that solved it's traffic problems by building more roads?
Sorting out a very busy schedule for the week.
Still up can't sleep!!!!!! :/ #EpicNight lol
wishing i was all decked in snow gear and sledding in my back yard
Gotta Love School:) NOT! Ps: Love Ya
& good point. How do you not register high in everything? All yr twitter rambles? It's like klouchebag ain't even listening 2U.
Thanks for following me back man! Ill be watching for you during the draft
#Onewaytopissmeoff to fucking talk shit about my family Don't EVER do that >:(
I wonder what I would do if I had multiple kids at age 21...hm enter the #NFLdraft ?
Surprised & pleased 2 c Annie Philbin of on a commercial for UCLA last nite. Not often u c a museum dir. on TV like that.
<3 The Avalanches
RT America's most popular sports personality according to Reuters/Ipsos poll is Peyton Manning. As popular as Paul McCartney.
FOLLOW ME
congrats Jess, IMDB will be lucky to have you.
sounds like Denver
+ holiday party = fun RT : Enjoyed celebrating 5th anniversary of Andres with
So I'm taking there isn't much out there as far as #ux certifications?
It's for our upcoming podcast series with
how the baby doing I hope he sleeping though the night god bless you and your husband and the baby wish you well I love you
Mr. M. Shadows in a new interview: "We're going to be doing something that no other band has ever done. The fans will be very happy." :o
Go North Park!! on KUSI this morning; check www.sdhg.us website for replay
Humpday Happy Hour! $3 rail drinks, select draft beers, house wines til 7pm!
There's so many things I want people to buy me without asking, is that normal?
thank you SO much! im glad you like it, were working really hard on recording and getting a new song out on myspace!
Headed to YC this weekend. Snow supposed to be great. You going to be there?
It's cool to be a part of "generation-Y" sounds like a scientific social project.
i'll will talk to you ! but i have to go see my sister i'll tweet you soon
So Intel ($INTL) owns 2 million shares of $SYNC, huh?
Gee in the desolation row vid.. <3
I hear someone is messin' with my Vegas trip?
Delicious! RT : fact: Randy Sprecher began brewing Black Bavarian 41 years ago, back when he was a homebrewer.
I hear you. Want to go next year. But I may have to stop buying dolls to afford it! XD
i was on one Today tho ...
“: When Rick Perry talks during movies, the movie pauses to let him finish what he is saying”
u are off your rocker josh. You'll never see a story like Lin for as long as you live. Enjoy the moment
in town? Check out Camera Corner / Connecting Point on Main and Munroe. Ask for Rick Chernick he's the owner
So I heard Lakers are moving out of L.A. by 2012....lol....Global Warming...There will be no LA...hail Idaho Lakers....year
Hi Terry. How's publishing life?
Isn't the fight Mayweather/ Ortis fight this weekend? Who is your pick? Mine is Mayweather.
thank you Travis! I look forward to future queer conversation.
that's awesome, my friend works there. Really enjoyed your iu coverage! Good luck.
*yawn*... what-EVER! Don't worry tho, knew y'all were afraid you couldn't keep pace... #Lightweights *yawn*
I be dropping threes like its nothing lmao
had to bring up my boy....that hit me hard man. Pelzer is hilarious
This tweet is feeling forced
I can't stand when people sub tweet their ex. And the person they're talking to now. Get over it. 😒
Trying to explain post-soul aesthetics to my students re: White Boy Shuffle & Caucasia. Harder than I thought. "reading for plot" prob
Lost your white Signa notepad at the #dlfforum? We have it at the registration desk!
If I could sing every moment of every day I would. That's just how much I love to sing.
The sun is shinning....the weather is sweet....
Hooray for car artistry! RT It's #artcarball day!
where are you located?
I know! I be been doin great! How bout u sis??
Getting ready for tonight ^_____^
Back at it after a long day of Valentine's Day Slugger Grams yesterday, thanks to all those who let me spread the love!
Watched Little Red Riding Hood tonight. It may be one of the few movies I like better than the book.
Royce got a good bf she betta keep him he is so sexy lol!
Fun story, Pacer connection (Knechtion!). I might be able air it again at 11 p.m. on KOIN Local 6.
Will you be listening to Ozzie presser?
Ice Cream for some people tastes better after it sits out for awhile. Don't wait anymore, just put it in the micro for abt 10-15 secs.. m.
I ordered the parts today. Our CC got compromised so I has to wait till new ones came in the mail.
IGNORANCE must be bliss. Actually, I was born in Africa and was named after my father's mother of the Temne Tribe, Idiot!
It's going to be a good day.
Happy Friday and National Wear Red Day! Are you rocking red today?
Haha! It ruins my life lol! I was being random when I said all that cause I was really Mad... Haha No bragging intended haha
Hey there, (h_healthy), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
haha thanks man... ill be there regardless though. Might have to have a trash can by my side haha
Man...life is so precious...truly be thankful for each and everyday God gives you...seriously
When I first got my Kindle Fire, I liked it. Now that I've hacked it (added Google Apps and ) I absolutely love it.
Thanks for the shout out Paul. Hornedon - happy to help out, just let me know whats up
OH: Why don't you escort him to the touchdown area?!
Is getting some much needed r & r with the hubby. Right here in ATL. Gotta love staycations this hotel is the bomb.
i don't know. i just remember how much impact zen garden had on designers when trying to get them to learn table-less design.
Yeah, no pushups yet
#HappyBirthdayMadison!!<3 lets get this trend going(:
I'm too busy for blog posts! *sob*
well, I'm sure they have your size:)
If #Lugar knew he was going to lose he should have started talking like this at dusk of his campaign
you know what. i should quit complaining about my weight and actually do something about it! ....starting... not now. i'm too busy eating.
just testing!!
like I have it wassup
not yet :)
even all the way out in the dub c?
RT Hey Mitch, your party doesn't want to "repair" the safety net. It wants to completely replace it with something else.
Are you guys at the game right now?
Just had to turn down and audition for the HBO show Hung because I'll be on set for The Big Bang tomorrow! DANG! When it rains it pours.
Yeah, I can't find the "pause" button on my google calendar. Time flies. :(
So many hot guys on twitter... So many ugly jerks in my reality.
oh no! Okay next time. Yup - best teams are now connected!
entrepreneurs of Allen are meeting at TopGolf Saturday at 8pm if interested DM me.
first day at work :)
#FF : #Gratitude is powerful!
I was tempted. She's way too good and I'd seem like a big jerk mocking her.
O's lead the majors with 53 home runs
Sitting in the doctor's office trying to breathe as little as possible.
who is signing new artist rapper inquiry landlord follows
Yeah........1 person said i shuld go blonde 3 said o should stay the eay i am now i said black and 1 person said hights
veryy... n aye i went ahead n put tht B on dumb for u lol
not necessarily ;)
It's National Teacher Day! Make sure you thank all of the amazing teachers in your life!
Ah, I don't wanna go to school! I never did my homework. :p
I love hangin with my pops. He always makes me feel better
What does this Supermoon mean?!?! My Chanel watch stopped working! I don't even think it has a battery! Its magnetic...
A Beastie Boys' marathon is being played by millions right now, including me.
Wonder why Dallas has a poor live music scene? How about #poordavidspub with $4.50 beers.
Excited for lunch with and an enormous steak salad!
Crap... now I have to "limit" my tweets to make it 1800 on Friday...
This season went way too fast!
GT Events is looking for talented in-store demonstrators in Arkansas and Missouri. Please DM your contact info to us ASAP!
I'm going with that one too!!
just got kicked out of the Zoo! How was I supposed to know that real hippos don't actually eat marbles?
I am choosing cloth for my next because my first had so many allergies to the chemicals in the diapers.
So now I gotta thing FA dreads 
That ackward moment when me and a old lady realize that I am (male) dancing to supermarket playing Single Ladies
good luck!
no! This is so bad.
Studying up a storm.
Well look who likes to lie...
S/O To You For Following Me . By The Way Your Beautiful
get to steppin what are you gonna get
Ivy Carter was famous before she was born interesting
what the heck?!? :O
The world needs dreamers & the world needs doers. But, above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
why not
Today come by and welcome the new bartender, Dont forget happy hour 3-7 $1 domestic mugs and $3 Well drinks.
hey there I'm just getting home took me two hours. U lucky u work from home
Aye this is kinda random but are you going to the
Did you know that when you type the letter "F" into Amazon's search box, a terrifying thing happens?
stfu what is two stepping? I def wasn't!!
wrong holiday, bro
"STUPIDITY IS NOT A HANDICAP. Park elsewhere!"
blue is a mockery to all musicians everywhere.... I'm blue da ba dee da boo da... Seriously?!?
Congrats to fighter with a bright future!
Thanks to for the follow! Using text messages is a great way to remind clients of their appointments. 4 info 918-271-0062
your music is so good! i love the cello and the laughter in the right kind of dark.
ya same
-March 2 10am-3:30pm for another GREAT Estate Sale in Albuquerque!!!
Pandora do GTFO trying to diss Obama!
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Fuck being 16 & pregnant, how about being 18 and graduating.
Homeward bound after a successful week, lucky to work with so many awesome people - I'm looking at you!
uh, I STILL haven't (about two-thirds done). And I've been too lazy to even look it up, too, ha!
You can get happiness from many things in the world, but real peace comes from God and God alone
happy bday boo
Many of these lessons are contradicted and opposed by institutions and government.
bord out of my mind
Thanks for following!
Back in Barcelona, thinking about Bruce Arkin. RIP Bruce.
Beware of geeks bearing GIFs!
What is going on this weekend for everyone?
how come i can't retweet this?
I just looked at this nigga Oscar Robertsons stats, why in the fuck is he not considered the greatest player ever
ESPN3 is being lame thanks to some balky internet 'round here. Thankfully, Twitter is telling me a (good) story thus far.
Kid Cudi has no genre, he's just Kid Cudi.
Pirates-Tigers also a sellout in Pittsburgh
Drove Jose all over today for a change :') PRO!
I'm writing a piece about patients' rights, and would be delighted to receive thoughts from you.
FOX 12 the first local news station, again, to call the Portland Mayoral Race.
the hot chick is on<3333
sometimes you just have to disengage. Hugs Snitch!
It going off at Brush Creek right now! Dance partay!
newsletter says will have on to discuss TV news' lack of coverage on PROTECT IP Act.
Fela! finally comes to Boston in all its kinetic power, political perspective and glory. See it! Feel it! Nigeria- na wa oh.
#Simpsons #treehouseofhorror had its moments. My favorite: vampire dad drives a Prius. Of course he would drive a Prius
I have a student interested in whales and environment. looking for a project to get involved with. any help?
“: I NEED YOU IN A NEW MOVIE ASAP!!” I second this motion.
forreal tho.. its the best song/beat ever made. ever. seriously.
justin bieber is flawless. idc what you say.
Thank all yaul were fine
My bad. Read way too fast. It was George "Goober" LIndsey, not Andy. Shout out to and
About to board a plane for another domestic Love Crunch delivery, this time in Las Vegas!
Got another 2 dollar bill as a tip. If I'm ever unemployed I can always fall back on my stash of 2 dollar bills. Prob got at least 20 bucks
how you feelin man, cant wait to see u back on the court next season. feel better soon bro
So let me get this straight. The whole season comes down to this afternoon's game? Awesome! Can't wait to watch with my boy!
Love this: Using tech to put us back in our bodies, enhance contemplation #mw2012 keynote
#FF #FollowFriday Follow these awesome ppl!
At a certain age you either get older or you get younger.If you get younger,you venture out & take risks.Robert Strozier. Start now- Mendell
Tbh, I really didn't do my hair. At all.
I <3 the midday classic MythBusters. Happy lunches! You guys rule. It's worth the super cable package :)
If the person sitting next to you is an obnoxious asshole just keep coughing on them. Totally gratifying.
that is amazing!!!
Terry tweets?!? Where's my follow? Haha go Yankees!
R.I.P to the little 5th grader who died in the brook for drowning today! :( God will take very good care of u!
Want to be involved in a production either in front of the camera or behind the camera. Let us know because we'd love to get you involved.
Awesome! Thanks for letting me know!
Almost to 1,600! Help us out and get that last 10 to get us there?!(:
It is not difficult to be grateful to God when you realize you are worthy of nothing and what you do have is by God's grace.
Downloaded too many apps and now I can't find the one I want.
Haters fuel me
Make sure you don't miss 'The Jungle' folks! Really great, interesting film.
says thank you and she loves you!
People suck and can be real jerks sometimes.
Nepal Unprepared for Tourism Boom
I can work on my novel, or I can clean house and get my life back in order. Just typing that made me think, "get a voice recorder."
love your head shot!!!
Honda Guy: Let me see that book. Is it a dictionary? Me: No. It's a computer in disguise. Honda Guy: You think you're slick. Me: I am slick
Good luck at your game today!!!
Never hurt da one u love because karma is a bitch!!...n her name is redbeauty.....I can be ur sweetest dream or ur worst nitemare....<3
january 25th...u wanna throw her a baby shower? Lol I was suppose to but I have seriously dropped that ball lol
<------ Fina Get WhiteBoy Wasted!
THANK YOU for retweeting! Will let you know if I get any leads...
On their way to 1000! Follow ----> nowww
today we had this like meeting thing at school & they had all the 8th grade girls pulled out of class for it. it was only about one person!
Hey what happened last night between you and ?
those dudes rule
Psych-out album of the new millennium available at www.nasoni-records.com for a taste listen to tracks at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
yeah I remember being like "Hi. This is Star's mom. We found her dead in the computer chair." LOLOLOLOL
Is this Hardware Growler telling you that? It tells me about random devices/volumes (dis)connecting. I think it's a known bug.
No feelings no problems
Excited that the NBA is getting back into the swing of things. Checking out this outdoor game between the Mavs and Suns.
yay! RT : go ! RT : Rice's grad school of business ranked in US top ten by USNWR.
aye y'all finally home :D
This Monica goes!
l never watch tv anymore.
Pandora Life Synergy #2,347: it gives me The Pixies' "Where is My Mind?"
Dogzy Collars is setting up at the Pet Parade on Third Street South. Event starts at Noon. Naples, FL friends come visit us.
Awesome RT : RT : i can't wrap my head around why people think we all want to leave
Q1) metaphors are like spoken pictures. And a picture says 1000 words.
the future! I liked it.
I get paid today
she is so pretty. I haven't seen her today I'm in Nashville. It is driving me insane not seeing her!
My back hurts and I'm exhausted...but I wouldn't change a thing about the weekend!
do u watch it on ur iPad?
maybe because DC is preparing for my return at the end of the month. :+l
I'm cleaning out my filing cabinet- check it - Our Rinse and URB magazine reviews & label promos from Type-New!! Haha!
deleting out of FB feels pretty good! On with the new!!! Loving this new chapter!
Made cookies with oreos in the middle :)
Nicki Minaj be #DoinTooMuch. She beautiful just looking normal and regular
Maybe I'll go to Readercon this year.
Sometimes I'm stupid 4 what I does but the "what ifs" kill me & the "oh wells" I learn from & maybe the what ifs lead me to my treasure
Hey! it's been a while since I said hi.
Great q posed during webinar: "How do you make sure that you are hearing from the entire community and not just the loudest voices?"
Thanks! Off to investigate now.
Facebook is on sale..
Yooooo! New music videos invading your set very shortly. Stay tuned!
Dats y I stay sleep so dnt get mad If u Call n get da ignore button pressed
Women LOVE bathtubs
Campus Rec hopes everyone had a wonderful holiday season! What is everyone's new years resolution?
I miss playing loud geetar. Thank goodness we have some gigs this weekend.
aww thank you(: you just made my night :D
nothing like a 60-degree December night B-)
Fashion, Fashion, Fashion. -A
Questions about how Total Exhibit Solutions can help your brand? Email me:
Miss you guys too! Go Tribe
Follow me !
If you'd like to do that, it would be much appreciated.
Girl, when are we gonna glitt-ify Minneapolis together!?
The #Blazers will practice tomorrow at PCC Cascade Noon-2pm. Open to the public.
yeah Jovi I love at the airport. Makes sense
nouriel posts a lot does he really have a job
Teaching Power Blackboarding today at 1pm CT 106 at Bb can be awesome if you know the right tricks.
does Justin still care about jazzy...
keep making that treal music mmg
Monty Python Mosquito Hunting
i dont hate you cause youre annoying. youre ann-......actually no. i do hate you cause youre annoying.
Tell more People about !!
It's almost sad how fast I would leave my beloved Dropbox for Google drive, simply based on POSSIBLE Google App integration.
Montclair NJ. Go on their website! :')
Sold out. It's a best seller.
Bored o_O #NP take a bow -rihanna
I have work tomorrow at 10am-5 damn idk how I am going to be awake for those hours lol.
I love him and rikki lake :)
better get that lead back right now!
I can't wait to meet you for #Turbokick training on Feb 4th ! Made my day to get your email!
Woah; the crowd is gathering! Plenary session is about to start up on the 11th floor at
With O'Brien in fold and Ohio State banned, it will be (and should be) Big Ten Championship Game or bust for #Badgers in 2012.
Come to Cali and meet your biggest fan!!(: That's me!!<3
Yeah I'm hoping to make it out to the east coast later this year. Will be sure to let you know when!
Thanks for your support! Fair use is an author's right as much as (if not more than) anyone's. The Guild doesn't seem to get it.
If this world were mine-Luther Vandross :)
HUNT HUNT HUNT and don't stop Hunting TIL you got em hanging on your Wall !!
I don't even want to talk about it! 😭 : It's killing me to not be with you two during these intros!
cool possible song title: bonus rabbit-butt
Who's going to Jazz Fest on Saturday April 28th?
Reading blog. It's nice to know I'm not the only one out there that feels a certain way.
Seeking sales leaders in #Connecticut #NYC #Philadelphia - software sales or selling to HR preferred. resumes -
Hyfr RT : Hm should i go out?
Why is Chris Duhon still in the NBA?
MPD Chief Noble Wray said #badgers RB Montee Ball was "very cooperative." trespassing fine is $429
sharks have a week dedicated to chuck Norris
Man, I ain't high! I don't feel shit! (5min later) I told you I ain't high! I don't feel shit! (5min later) *snoring* smh
Love the cheese whips! I'll have to try that... Maybe right now :)
apparently the fates of last week have not quite let go of me. If only giving up made any sense whatsoever. Time to keep going.
Has anyone found a case for the 4th gen iPod Shuffle?
for a costume institute it makes perfect sense.
it's about bloody time we had an epic sunday roast in 3m...#MoistMakerLeftOvers for a tipsy
uhh, Mikey, i just wanted to Know when our Wedding is??
RT Does anyone have a quick and easy at-home remedy for man boobs?
I <3 beanies
curious...ur PLA slides used my library's pinterest pg that I have started - was that positive or slam? Wondern how we're doing
Good Morning Friends Hope you all have a great and productive Monday!
let me know when u there I have season tiks and can get extras
Long month of work, music, weddings, and travel ahead.
I'm at Shamrock Marine
aaaawww LOVE this!! But never am I crunchy lol
distributed 118 Thanksgiving Baskets to neighbors today with all the fixings for a fabulous Thanksgiving meals.
When I Get A New Job My Manager Will Be The First To Know That "I QUIT BITCH"!!
Going to sleeeppppppppp. :)
wait are you serious? Bc I kind of am...
the flavor rush is prolly only second to the first 5 seconds of fruit stripe gum or big league chew grape
Vince Young to address the media today around 1 p.m. Will it be a press conference? Will the AFC East have *two* back up QB pressers?
Thanks for spending time with us! Enjoy your week...
Looking forward to not only meeting some new Euro friends, but maybe talking some Rugby and business...
grim sleeper
I may have to use that as my new catchphrase!
Thinking positive
Celebs should support Streetcar Named Desire! Excellent cast
While waiting for 10GB of iTunes library to transfer to the new MBA, I popped open iPhoto and... all my photos were already there. Magic!
If alcohol is part of your diet, you sabotage your efforts with every drink. Eat clean. Drink clean. Try water.
Almost got taken out via a prius tonight on my motorcycle. How funny would that have been?
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
YOU DO?!?! I didn't know a writing group met at our church. Hope to meet you too--and hear about the group!
Where do Gale and Katniss sell the game they kill?
lots of sunshine today, right thru #Brewers opening day. Roof will be closed though with temps near 50° Just got the word from
before school?
At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life...
If you're accommodating for a celtics larry bird to attend your ...
Golfing at Crooked Stick
Be as you wish to seem
good point. watching a boring lecture via video worse than in person
Dogs stop smelling My pants wtf
I don't have a strong feeling about the color, tho I tend to like to mix things up. Players in blue at risk of disappearing!
": heading home after a GREAT court run w| my team #LoveThem :D" keep working #LadySaints! I'm saving my gas money.
Excited to play music of Bobby Hutcherson tonight 7pm with and jochen ruckert
readi for a road trip. nex month atlanta. still wana go to cali this summer.
Are you serious? LAB GROWN HAMBURGERS? Thanks for ruining my lunch.
RT : Go out & spread the word Tuesdays are #ATUE it's the day when you can tweet about how great you & the antiques trade...
me too!!
Carving some pumpkins!
we love you too!
Braydon Mcnabb's skate cut Michael Grabowski's knee, bleeding.
Rise Up ! Get out and make today a good one !
Independent Stoner Bitches >>>>>>>>
I don't run with many girls cus they talk to much
I need help, what are the best Improv classes in LA or surrounding areas...
he mad. and homo RT : Weakest fucking quarter of basketball ever...should have took my ass to sleep smfh
lets see u say that to knucks dro n #TeamFlexxxx
so let me get this straight...hitting hard it's worse than actually cheating. ie spygate
You don't know the value of a dollar until you've earned it yourself.
life is good.
He established #TackleCancer in 2006 as he recovered from a #stemcell transplant. He wanted to do something to benefit for patients like him
Today through Sunday the #houston #spca is adopting all #cats 8 months of age and older for eight #us dollars $8.00
