Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) announced that it entered into a growth capital credit facility and a revolving line of credit with Comerica Bank
i wasn't that drunk...dude, you asked me to give you a ride home at YOUR party
do you know how much tickets are? I'm still trying to find a ride to Fresno! ):
OMG i love this guy-* he is my life ?
RETWEET IF YOU ARE IN SUPPORT OF KONY2012!!
ShoutOut to the Bro !!
I don't think gender is an issue
I'm already cute and sweet…just wanna be petite and healthy like an athlete. Rev up that heartbeat!
im good
Got a mess of fried pickles for only $2 after an on-campus meeting w/ rep. Arteries are relieved I'm not taking summer classes
Minimum wage?! What is wrong with me??? Why do I accept minimum wage work?
RIP John John. You will be missed. I hate that you left without me telling you how i felt. But it is ok. Im praying for your family.
Student Quote of the day, "you should play the robot, you have the body for it."
“: #Virgo does not play the game of love. They deal with mature love only. Thanks.” <3
you inspire me a lot. please don't stop dancing <3 :D
don't most hotels have potable water? I bring an empty bottle and get much better performance than with wifi
Just bought four packs of gum for no reason
its when they get that first bill and come in bitching that is gonna be annoying
: Need wthr info for #springbreak or #sxsw? $50 iTunes card for photos from both if we add 100 users this week Use
"I'm a Bad Kid, that's the way that they made me"
This is the playoffs tho RT : look at the Bulls going home, they ran the east the whole season bruh lmaooo
Nice!! Keep up the good work. RT : that's me and all I get are As
Merry Christmas and
Twitter's 170M users would probably agree with that!!! Would be #1 answer for sure. Can live without... Political Commercials on TV
everything! Sometimes its cold, sometimes its hot lately :p depends when you're coming, this week will be fairly warm
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle A Tale of Two Titties
well thats good to know lol
Gold Street sounds good. RT : Where to eat breakfast today?
Caro: Johnson's life is one of means and ends. His ends were very noble, but his means were ruthless.
MISSING MCJ RIGHT NOW. come to LA and play with us!
Thats whats up...appreciate the listen!
5 hours & $800 spent yesterday: couch, desk, office chair, side table, & more... & it all fit into a Jetta!
More great times to come El Paso!
Many congrats to all the new iPhone 4S owners!!
Sometimes I feel like most of my human interaction on Twitter could be replaced by a bot that tweets obscure words at people.
That was dumb. Hit it with a hammer.
Hello!! :D
I live near Pittsburgh & felt the earthquake! It shook my chair a bit & moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
21 April 1671-Baptism of John Law in Edinburgh. He became a French citIzen and founded France’s first bank and the city of New Orleans.
thanks dude. We gotta chill soon
Don't make your appearance more important than your disposition.
M yum sounds tasty :)
is suddenness?
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one dies forever in debt to those who are kind. ~ Malayan Proverb
I agree, Professor Robert Jan van Pelt is amazing and so is Christopher Browning! Where did you here Professor van Pelt?
Tavern on the Lake in Orlando is were it's at. #spokenword & livemusic!
Captain Cabinets, Trapped in cabinets!
Freezin my ass off man.
my cat is still glued to our screen keeping a guard out for anymore frogs LMAO
Anyone know how to file a glendale police report? Do cops even work there?
Lnch special Green Chile cheese Burger fries and a drink for 7.00
that's when you know you need a break and what better place than san Francisco :) (cc: )
Just kidding I'm a white kid, hi kids.
I would LOVE to see your speech! after you give it be sure to send me a copy! be passionate and your speech will be great
Morning :D
Meeks having the second most minutes between both teams with 2 minutes left in the 3rd is criminal!
In that MUSIC zone, gone af
i have no idea
As soon as I get over this horrible cold, and I are going to make out.
What's going to happen when #JustinBieber nuts drop & his voice change? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Hi, I am enjoying a wonderful song "Shot For Me" from MP3 Music Download and Search "Shot For Me" in search former and download it 4 free.
i love the sims 3
She Had Me Smiling All Day
to me, those are synonymous
Will miss tonight at #SarahsWar put-in rehearsal!
Resistance is futile! Ok, NN/LM grant funding. totally inspired now (but going 2 finish webcast first) :)
Ma scherzi! Should've gone to Saxby's after all.
The Ironwork Grill at Grand Lodge is avail for a gathering on 8.7 & 8.14 as well as other weekdays and many dates in Sept Call 503.992.9530
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
welcome to the Suburbs!
you should be dancing for me ;)
Looking for new talent! hit up my management at (818) 661-8712
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy.
like your background. ;) thanks for the follow. Stay up.
Can't wait to go to Miller Park for the game tonight
do u still have those STL tickets?!?!?
Listen'n to our friend John Russell in nicholasville. Bout to head to 2 c my good friends fm EKY. who's coming? -BH
they'll probably be easier to read than our current cards...
Good Morning Farmers...only a few more days left of the Farm..come by & get Grand Reserve Headband while you can!!
I'm surprised/skeptical that "most" DCPL patrons have smartphones. But love that they were first to have lib app
Hi! We just filed our AOI. To talk to someone about BFC in person, stop by Mill Valley General Store during business hrs.
Who's up for some chicken parm today? Come on in and try our latest special!
#FF and all his #FF recommendations.
looks like you'll b doing a lot of street walking! Wear some comfortable shoes!
that's funny as hell. That track is tight yo.
bought ur book due to your incredible #smash recaps. They are more enjoyable than the delightful hellride that is that show
Let the fear of failure go. It will clog up the areas where inspiration belongs.
October will be very LEGENDARY.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world?
If Obama loses a close election, he will not leave. (MLevin hinted, but wouldn't go there) Who would stop him?How will that play out?
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Security does not exist in nature. Avoiding danger is no safer than exposure. Helen Keller
I'm not happy I don't get to see Gavin :(
we will survive.love u!<3
What are your experiences with pre-course tech skills inventories? Are they effective? And are there any that don't condescend?
well get those over with so you can come see me play! (but make sure to study and do well first) haha
Are you planning for a big holiday dinner? Stop by and check out our breads and desserts!
miss u
Dunno why but the voice of my old HS biology teacher has been in my thoughts this evening: "One never knows, Gaines, one never knows..."
Wisdom of the Day: "The most important relationship you will ever have is the one you have with yourself." - Dr. Noah H. Kersey
will you post a transcript/video of his speech? would love to see!
AY AY AY!!! posted mine up on actors access already.. looking for a little girl! Gonna prob shoot end of April/Beginning of May
Salute Your Shorts
Looks like I won't make it in the NYC marathon lottery at the 11th hour bc my cc exp June 2012 & needs to expire Jul or later
Chemistry=DONE! Whoot! Ready to come home. =) I can't wait to see everyone.
Just picked up a Magic Mouse from the apple store. Initial impressions are good. Best part - no more gunked up scroll "button".
Don't worry. I know that if we work hard, one day they'll find a cure for your brother. <33
“: everytime you touch me there I just wanna eat a pear”
what else WOOD we do?
Not "job" to wrangle, but maybe the previous relationship between Hansen and Alvarez helps one between Alvarez & KF
Brilliant post. Thanks for sharing!
Hitting the road to visit with Henrico and Richmond Dems tonight.
lol see this is why yo pay got cut
One more day damn I wish I didn't have to drive in this wackass weather!!!!
Thanks for making it easy to cancel my account.
thanks Coral ;)
I mean chewable toothBRUSH. Now that I think about it, the toothbrush is the strange bit.
RT : Startup making an impact? Time to apply to the Accelerator! #MC2012 Apps Due Wed. 4/11 at noon EST
i this del rio steal his cars from someone are some were
Congrats to Sara Rehring who won a free language class at UWM SCE's Open House last week!
RT : What an impact he made in his lifetime! He will be missed. -- David Reynolds, Leader of Metals Company, Dies at 96...
The whole Im sorry shouldn't cut it anymore. Enough! Get tough, and send a message. Until then he's just going to keep it up.
oh you know... sitting at the pool... uploading photos and updating the blog :)
Watch Saturday morning 8:50 w/ Christine Chang talking about the Charity Partners Program!
90 min. Bill Clinton talk for $15...#CIW11 here I come!
Not only is it monday but it's pooring.. man I hate monday mornings
Oh my god MARGARET IS FINALLY PLAYING IN DC!?
16% of both sports and concert ticket buyers check-in via a location-based platform at an event. (Ticketmaster)
What do you consider 'a solid season'? 10-2? We aren't optimistic about double digit victories for Richt's crew...
yeah, though seems it's pretty much always tied to notion of technology as disruptive of existing (good) interaction order.
I'm sorry for ever treating wrongly. Now would you please go on fb and read your messages.
Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied. - Mark Twain
minor v Happersatt
omg why did this have to happen... :/
You mighta seen me in the streets, but [playa] you don't know me...
Celebrating hump day of finals week with some Duffs and my fav people 😁
Those little i love you more fights ♥ ^__^
Man, is here playing for the morning after prom.
thought we were friends ):
Gotta love garage sales. NOT!
Is it weird that people who wear disney stuff at universal studios tick me off?
I love it! I just thought of a brand new social networking tool for the kids... are you ready for it? It's called, "outside."
yes! Totally it! Thank you for the tick! You're the best! Keke.
If you're still writing about Tiger Woods you have no life we all make mistakes some more than others, some worse than others get over it.
Yeah no problem just dont forget to return the favor.
Finna smoke a blunt to get over this CJ Watson shit!
The Clippers win over the Grizzlies was the Clippers third ever playoff series victory.
never cycle through a stack of photographs in a dream.. you'll never find the end of it.
Wish I were there... Listening to Hammy down here in Dallas!
Rest in Peace. RIP Dick Clark.
I found your plug.
Try it again I had my tweets private that's why
Kris, I would workout with you but you use a different gym. - Eric
Good morning to you, too. Cool pic.
Headed to #paa2012 giving a paper on Bayesian estimates of small area poverty rates
We're so excited for a Cosmo latina style!! We three latinas will definitely be reading!!
U want someone to be rocking on that thing..rocking rocking on dat thing...lol
you know me :)
That mini heart attack you get when the parked car next to you moves and you think you’re moving.
were you among the massive caravan of cyclists on the east side of the CP loop this morning?
I was today that you have to make your own fun
It aint ur spit game, it’s ur dick game That got me walking ’round ready to wear your big chain
Realtor competition in most cities is fierce.There is no reason that YOU should suffer with an agent that you don't feel is working 4 you!
you guys have that also?? It runs our campus for a week
Looks like a minor regression in the CSS. Must be pulling old styles. Will file a ticket.
Good morning my tweeters
I often panic and think I've been hacked when I find no auth log, but then I realized I'm on Red Hat and it's called secure log.
its all good ill stay up all night waiting to get on standgrand <3
what a petulant child.
did you discontinue cracked pepper and sea salt chips?
Haha, i see! I got one chubby and fluffy white cat! Like Romo. Exactly the same but the name is Kitty, <3
If Ghost Rider 2 can earn a third place spot in its opening box office weekend, maybe Americans are ignorant enough to nominate Santorum.
You're welcome, good to meet you!
Thanks for the follow Matt Keep writing, keep singing, help people dream their dreams
"success is simply holding on well after others have let go"
#canibehonestwithyou I know more about cars than a 14 year old girl should.
So what does everyone think of the new NFL Nike uniforms?
Nook tablet? I will definitely be investing in one of those 😝
#science is #down again, hopefully it will get fixed soon
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?? PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you to reply.. :)
lol yep. I doubt you'll be coming into my room during any of them saying "I like this song" lmao
Acting a certain way with different people.
welcome to ur new addiction ;D if u ever figure out how to shake it, lemme know, haha
againagain!& don't forget what we talked about !;D
#happyvalentinesday to all my single ladies :-)
Business mind state..I am the CEO
Thank you for the retweet! It should be a fun event.
As a matter of fact, it is a state law ! cc: LisaPetrilli
I agree VInce Platero is an amazing Artist!
To hot for bitches, i need a cool floor to cool the place my balls used to be RT : how are the bitches recently ?
i've moved 12x as well soon 2004. i am so over it.
Yeah, it was too fast for me. BTW, local cool person is just getting bees, too.
Had to cook for my mom.
After those last three possessions, I'm not sure how Scott Skiles didn't explode on the sideline... and he may yet.
lol really? She'd probably slap you if you called her that.
I volunteer to be the guniea pig for an contest!
I think to respond to more that 1 person, you just keep doing the @ and whatever their screen name is for each person.
Liquid Arts in Lobby Bar inside Green Valley Ranch!!!
that physical movement doesn't exist in DC
I'll be doing A LOT of listening. Nice call last year.
Defense? Who needs defense? 28 points combined in 13 minutes. Ridiculous
Thanks! Watch tomorrow...!
If I'm weird with you, I'm comfortable with you
One American manufacturer, Eagle Lock Company, used letters exclusively for bitting codes.
Did you get your pre-sale tickets for yet?
GoDaddy backpedals too late, is moving domain names away after massive boycott
well quedoba was a bust.. now to try fiveguys! :D
I love you so so so much and it would make my day it i could get an RT from p.s i would prob die!:) plz
Fantastic talking with educators at DCECEA about social skills, inclusion, preschool perspectives, I say "Let Them PLAY!"
*squints* One day Ill figure out how/why people get so many different names on here...lol
You really think anything we do could destroy nameless more than it already is?
FINNA GO HAM!
HUSTLERS UNITE! SPREAD THE WORD AND RT THIS!!
Pick up a dozen pastries tomorrow for the office from the Market! They’ll love you for it!
“: When LeBron James knocks down 3s >” the Knicks have no chance.
was there a rainbow mickey sticker on the back too?
2 tsp. in a liter of water.
Are you talking AWP panel?
Hey How was your day?
it's almost your birthday :D As if you didn't fucking know.. -_- haha (:
Last second change of venue- show too awesome for cool daddy's and has moved down the street to SOUND HOLE on Chester.YES!
Which do you trust more: Thibs' clipboard or Lucas' jump shot?
oh my god. Do you get an iPhone now?!
they are! Certain ways to pee n stuff wtf.
ustream with Austin!
what does that mean?
Breaking Bad season premier tonight on AMC
Yay! We're excited to have you :) RT : Heading to the Kind of excited.
RT : "You don't have children of your own, but you have mothered millions." ~Jada Pinkett Smith to #SurpriseOprah *tear*
#hanksteinbrennersvagina RT if being fat means striking out the red sox then so be it..
coz sarah is my fake name dummy! my real name is Yashita!
Happy to say my move is nearly complete. I started first draft of my new novel yesterday in my new office. Angel Dance out any day now!
House show this Saturday anyone?
"of course..." ? Lol really? She heated up her French toast. OF COURSE
Jennifer Lawrence IS Katniss though. And Josh and EVERYONE like ohmygoshhh
D: mehh i'm lost. i'll find out at school tomorrow
lol!! Don't get it twisted tho,, he know better too! He could get them hand's lol
Call Me A TaXi I'm Out! YE
YES! Oh i will feel so cultured being at a live theater production!
Hanging with and in Madtown #wbagala this could be trouble!
Omg why is this play about weave!!
Not yet, still playing with wunderkit right now. I have AM installed though
Good morning and good night.
My 25th in Vegas--November 11/11/11 (at 1:11 a.m. btw) baby--a little ways off, but someone tell me where I should stay & go to!
Thanks for the RT :-) Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
Great to meet you on set today - Hope you had a great birthday:)
Yuhh, I went to prom Saturday, then went out to eat, then to my friends, and we didn't go to bed till like 6:30am. And[c]
#dontdoublemyrate #DontDoubleMyRate Just don't, okay?
Everyone needs music. It keeps us going.
I miss you :_)
well break a leg and hit me up when you're here.
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
yoga and run done. Going to walk around Durand Beach this afternoon. :-)
if you give a dork a camera......
anybody know of any one traveling to hockeytown tomorrow for the game?
Boston Celtics v Houston Rockets tonight. Weird to have NBA on a night that normally has NHL. Swedish Fish wil help me adjust to the change.
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV with Kurt Angle Foods!!!!!!
yeah that's true, I pop all of mines but I don't get scars  hopefully it works :D
Do you charge by hits?
Even tho I live in Madison, Wis., it's the herald of the holidays to me. Fantastic time!
i know! i better get with it
No matter how thin the pancake there's always two sides
Rick Siskey - Those who learn to listen have the advantage.
ah! Not that I think- although I am not sure I don't like that idea for a day! ;)
and if you were In bako we'd take you! Aha. I'm playing lead guitar & doing vocs AND trying not to kill myself now!-carson
#ccrunconf lulman asks about utilizing existing resources and/or creating a new infrastructure for community media center; answer: do both
same it's been more than a month since I saw them and I miss them so much o k
it was awsome so cool :)
did somebody find them!?
SCREW #DWTS DOUBLE ELIMINATION!!!!!! ROSHON DESERVED TO BE IN THE FINAL!!!
what channel is MCA tribute?
you're the woman.
Thanks, Jack!
I HOPE ALL PUPPET COMPANIES SUDDENLY SHUT DOWN AND THEN PUPPETS ARE NO MORE
Everyone would like to have health information that is easier to understand. Use pictures in addition to words.
Erich Von Stroheim filmed Ending of "Greed" (1924) based on Frank Norris's McTeague in DV
I'll try... but I think I need a shoe shaped more like an upside down triangle. do you think anyone will find that sexy?
I love me some Joan Rivers. If your not watching #JKB get involved!
$PCFG on alert today
you mean like a landing page? No. I'll email you all our stuff.
Austin's first video on his own channel was a cover of the song "Never Say Never" (: RT if you like that song. ♥
Learning the music of Chicago.
Today is a #hair up day...not even going to bother with all this
L stands for LADIES? LOL
Mention this outlook Ad and Get a Even Bigger discount on your Salon Services mens cut ,Beard Trims , Military fades Razor Texture Cuts
Yeeah.. I'm going to be up for like another hour or so?
yo what's going on ?
#Angelinajolie looks sickly thin. Just saying.
will you please follow me? it's 11:39 PM and you still haven't followed me :( I must be #invisible to you <111
I'm getting me some #chocolate - watch out, #cupcake!
RT : #Walking is a great form of exercise! RT + Follow us #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a custom #NikeID sneakers
Enjoying my #coffee!
Yep! Let them enjoy while they can. Is that you in your avi?
alex i just hope that u know that i admire u and i love u so much.. i woould love meet u
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Rate me wait for me to put my pic up
Happy to give you my notes. I haven't seen you!!
I'm boring to text, and probably even talk now -______-
is preaching on Twitter; Check him out. - so, true. Some moms (aunts and grandmas) don't hold their sons accountable.
being retired sucks - i've worked more this week than when I was employed full time
Listening to on right now! Love this song! :)
If gays want to participate in an antiquated institution and be miserable like all the married people I know. WHO CARES?
cabin in the woods is wierd.
thank you for your video response to #kony2012 - i'm sharing it with my students tomorrow
#3wordsforyou I Love You.
NorCal so hot this week, I felt weirdly opium-ish. Swimmy & mind-boggled. Today, saw the most vicious attack in the driveway, bird on bird.
#hubwork mega design panel commencing NOW!
how do people take shots of whiskey w/out chaser!.
Great article & couldn't agree more. Yes, we ARE enough.
Manager 3B Jon Durham said he has elected to leave power hitter, Luke Rhinesmith in the lead off spot for Mondays game against Mr. Roberts
Don't make me wait by jazmine sullivan has to be one of my favorite song by her
goodnight Mikey(: <3333 great performance tonight too!
MSMQ: "Doing humanities with computers is playing humanities for keeps"
Tally this weekend. Aye.
I can't post tweets! Please help keep saying try later but it's been a week and still nothing. I reloaded twitter but no luck
well come on over we will fix ya a home cooked meal... and you can meet Jennifer and Jamie ;-) (old lady from Trader Joes)
Thank you! That totally makes sense.
WHY WILL #OCCUPYDC GET KICKED OUT? QUOTE FROM K ST FORUM:"I can guarantee that mass arrests are HUGE headlines & help grow the movement"
Fall + Fall Break = my favorite time of year... next to late spring, summer and Christmas of course...
I like what I am seeing thus far. Lord knows US needs a hero not an undercover terrorist protector.
I've never been deployed. Lucky ass nigga.
#Health #Tip: Pack more veggies into ur grocery #budget by going frozen. Often cheaper, frozen produce retains more nutrients than fresh!
I'll be home the 24th through 29th. Excited to see you, it's been too long!
Mitt Romney says we should be creating 500,000 jobs/month. Thats happened 5 times since WW2. Either hes an idiot or hes lying
Look like a million bucks thanks to
Very cute
Hi just got my computer fixed ( hard drive crash) I've been out of the loop but I'm back now.
We all need alone time once in a while
Life With Derek before sleep (:
I failed, its been an hour... Bleeeeeh!!!!
LIAM! are you as excited as I am to see you in America in Chicago? I'm buying presale tickets (:
You're always working some angle.
If you are not paying attention to the news right now, get on it.
Exciting new developments in the works.... Stay tuned!
When we die we all know we're going the same way...
Lol @ American Dad
I'd like to hear more about your paper on building relationships via Twitter - sounds really interesting.
We have six left. Rt: : Now I really want a cupcake."
Good night
Never watches Amercan late night chat shows but is watching now because he's in Scotland. Thanks .
#SheAintWifeyMaterial if your not happy waking up to her every morning!
More #Pinterest research…
"When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace." ~Author Unknown... JUST KEEP BREATHING & have an incredibly amazing week. :)
I suck at pool but it's mad fun...
... So very true! Some bosses and significant others should be told this :)
You have to want God more!!! Then and only then will your hearts desire be fulfilled.
its really quite. Allot of people moved. But what's up, what's new with you.
Wonderful time at #AHA2012. Saw some great panels, caught up with some old friends, met a lot of new people. Should be in Chicago every year
The new Silversun Pickups album didn't grab me on the first listen. This is one that it takes a few to appreciate.
Incredible what's happening rt now. A 10 man #Chelsea team will advance to the finals in #Munich. Down goes Barca.
okay it's safe to say that you're gay....
yea buddy!
no my parents took two of them and my ex broke the other one!
Much respect for Kerry Wood. Best of luck to him.
Hm, VCU moves up to the Atlantic 10 conference, so ODU creates an #ODUtrain to try to get some attention? #SAD #VCU wins
We have a show coming up on 10/14 at The Western Front - we'd love to see you there!
Slept in this am. Then Shopping and spent the afternoon on the beach shell hunting with the fam! Memories in the making!
Today has been my #chillday !! Starting to feel better, but I have no energy!
excellent. I'll tweet more information about upcoming event session 'leaving ADDIE behind' at #ASTD2012 and point 2 online resources.
thank you sir ;)
Foo Fighters indie cred? I guess that was a joke
Happy #ProSkidRow Day!
Thanks! I'm still contemplating on what it will be. I think I've got 45 minutes to decide!
Zayn is hot, Nialler is hot, Hazza is hot, Lou is hot, Liam is hot, WHATS UP WITH THAT
I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people. Or hate a person just because they have new fans.
We kick off Monday with a Wine tasting, all wonderful reds only $14. 4-7pm today we have $4 wines, $4 Cheese, and $7 Flatbread Pizzas! Enjoy
you dont hate hispanics?
chilllenn, before my choir concert! :)
So, this "finding love in a hopeless place..." Rihanna is singing about Twitter, right?
Excuse me but my lingo crazy
Many a fraud have gotten rich off such things. Besides it would be easy to write a book on what could go wrong online! lol
Tailgate season
NO!! please go to west. worst mistake you could ever make.
Packing for a 6am flight to Cali for Anaheim 2!! Time will tell if it's a solo trip....not gonna lie kinda bummed...
Can't wait to see my boy perform tonight at the new convocation center! Its a small world!
justin will you plz follow me
Went grocery shopping - $144.91. Lot more than excpected but we now have food in the house.
Just had a guilty shopping spree
Crappy t-shirts
Waiting for my favorite band to come on!
IN UNFABULOUS I MEAN COME ON
.: Yes, lots of great #PCUS discussion! Feel free to tweet us Qs for our presenters, esp. on student engagement &
Bills get Mario Williams -- sweet!
"If we were a secret how long could you keep it. Keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else".
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands? ~Milton Berle
Global warming slowly drying up health insurance commissions. Canadian government commissions new study on methods to collect vapors.
Saying its because you were drunk is never a good enough excuse.
To Hell With Houston, America We Have A Problem!
Send me tax reforms and I will sign them right away!
I would tell all my twitter followers which my trial was.
Shonn Greene will post huge numbers (as long as he stays healthy) because he is going to get a ton of carries
I love feel like crying because I never got tickets for his concert in November!! ;( ;(
RIP Donna Summer
I think you meant Sherlock and Watson, not Holmes. But it made me want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are two characters
She said she can do bad all by her damn self...then let her do bad all by her damn self
Thanks for sharing! RT : I am so proud that have survived. My mother is a survivor
woo!!! “: #3Words Radio Waves Rock!”
finally got my slides ready for my presentation at very excited now!
Trying to plan a seasonal lunch menu for K-3 through grade 6 kids starting in Fall - any suggestions?
haha I'm looking forward to it! I'll send it once I'm done!
Hanging with him today <3 can't wait!
#BrockOsweiler he has legendary #QB abilities
Good morning to everyone on this beautiful Friday!!! Hope you all have a wonderful day!!! lots of love <3 <3
That's how I got here :-) LA is my dream circus!
I love cheetos too!
I heard the dinosaurs shoot first in this version.
“: People who follow a crowd..usually get no further than the crowd!! Therefore I walk ALONE buddy!!”
Henny and purple
its a beautiful thing
Thursday to Sunday. Give me a ring and we'll get together
hey girl<3 miss u!
Superintendent Kowba has directed LJ High principal NOT to remove Free Speech benches Now wont have to do my "sit in" Free Speech saved :-)
I'm fucking hammered right now
The Gordon pics are in my Recent Images on my Twitter page. All of the Gordon photos are mine, but the '37 flood pic is not.
Taking Jets & Bears on the moneyline and the under on Jets/Steelers. Good luck and please check your tickets before leaving the window
Allen in.... This is where the grizzlies need to defend and get the ball inside with this unit
please follow so I can DM you. Thanks.
Lol I just noticed you follow me on instagram!!! Your so pretty!!
Its only Wednesday?????
The only reason I'm getting a business degree: unlimited free coffee from industrial quality machines.
Question. Why do y'all have kids with someone then complain he ain't there for the child u was jus a random/accident Neva spose 2 hapn
Patella tendon.
do the pre-season games count towards the nine games for our boys at NHL camps? Thanks for the info.
coffee minus cigarettes
Every day specials call 1-866-982-8322 Every order supports a person with developmental disabilities in employment. Thank you and Mahalo
lol what do you have against navy blue and black? And I think I've seen you in both?
Congrats to Weston! Winner of the "Name the Eight" raffle!
go time!
perhaps it was the whining about everyone unfollowing you that caused us to do so. But, I never followed at all.
I Feel Good Af (;
Jonas Sees In Color is singing me to sleep tonight.
So glad to hear it. I must call in back up, help for fun stuff this weekend please! &
Definitely. Although, I could listen to Jessica sing all damn day! Homegirl's god!
I'm ready to see domination !!!
check your schedule and get clearance. Popcorn? Yes. JUMBO size Popcorn? Not this guy. Short stay at Wood Island? Maybe anyway.
Looks great! We are coming out with Man Bags fairly soon!
Flying Train<---great pic
I know you'll probably see the Avengers this weekend. So you could take a picture of the theater a tweet it. #TwitterHomework ;)
"tzhaahn" is way better than "zan." More importantly, what matters is whether you say it with your thumbs up or not.
Many of us will miss Dick Clark, there will never be no other like him on this Planet, that's why everyone in Heaven is happy of his arrival
While everyone else was out partying last night, I passed out on a friends couch watching The Thing. I am so
got triple meat at chipotle. Thought you would be impressed.
Yo my sister said if you were a test she would give you a C-..... lol
i.ll keep that in mind. I.ll always "try" to employ family :-) u spit cuzo lets colab. Your choice
Fruit salad.
I love the BBC because every once in a while there's an f-bomb. Or boobies.
hiya (: You don't have to follow me . but I'd love you if you did :-).
Fine with me.
I don't even know my SOL schedule..
have you checked out rubymotion yet? thoughts?
High finna buss ass in this #2k real quick #Lobcity bitch
oh :( you hurt ma feelings :/
I got a craving 4 candy again
had a great weekend , few days until my bday
How's it going man?
Not sure where to go tonight? is playing shortly, come get your funk on!
Y! Sports: blazers fire Nate McMillan
": Workout ! Jus cause it's saturday Don't mean you can lay around" It does 4 me Heart cath No blockage. Now mending the cath site.
blasting Niggas In Paris with Carissa in school library. OH YEAH.
What are the drink specials for your New Years party?
s/o to ! Happy birthday hun :D
“ When takes my candy <<< #sadtweet”
Where the party at?
I was the one who dared plaxico burress to pop a shot off in a club, I told him all the celebs were doing it, oops
aw ;) Happy mothers Day Michele!!!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
This guy has "dun lapped" decease. His stomach has dun lapped over his belt.
Kid just made a halfcourt shot at the #Clippers game to win a new car. What kind of taxes does he have to pay on that?
Great time here in stout. Treated to a good time by the art dept. Meet a lot of young talent.
Waiting for people that are late is not my favorite thing to do
people are so stupid and lame if ur gonna brag bout being a badass be legit bout it instead being like oh im a badass cuz i got high on
just saw i movie with Chuck Norris.immediately thought of u and Justin;) love you!
No Tween knit today....... See you next week.
EQ isn't a "nice to have". It's mission critical.
AMEX innocuously and w/out notice raised the card fee from $35 to $45 (28%+)! THAT WHY PE0PLE ARE PISSED. We're tired of killer surprises.
now I'm back on to befriend our local radio hosts and get em to play I Feel Like Dancin ;)
I'm not very good at Tweeting.
Oh yea, I was shocked when It happened to me.
Hello have a great day
How did the internship workshop go? Any takeaways from students?
HOLY FUCK THIS SATURDAY IS ST. PATRICK'S DAY. I'm gonna
Going to my dance rehearsels right now, gonna be fun!! Xx
AP-GfK poll: Only 27% of Americans support, 66% oppose military engagement in Afghanistan. But is there a viable exit strategy?
first one better than the first quarter (or third)
4th of July was great here in San Diego! Hope you had a great weekend!
Why those stockings could be worn by Marlene Dietrich and still be expensive. [1944]
Incoming... We have 3 tornado warnings for Chippewa, Swift and Redwood Counties. Part of a line of storms in western MN heading toward TC
#checkers, once again, your tractor beam has pulled me in.
#20ThingsAboutMe 11. I hate being single.
THANKS MA!! Follow back!! :)
Breakfast at the Warricks'!
Join me & my fiancé . We're having lunch down on SoBe
#welovegreyson cause he cares a lot!!
"Moore draws on Roseberry’s critique of Scott’s interpretation of Gramscian 'hegemony,'" which everybody knows is just warmed over Leninism.
Started makin my famous keychains again... I guess I rly did miss my fingernails curving :3
Just when I was about to slip into the doldrums, Fight Club comes on. 2morrow night, ill be in a red ress. But tonight its just me & my PJ's
If you did not look after today’s business then you might as well forget about tomorrow. – Isaac Mophatlane
The Indianapolis Colts have done it! Super Bowl here we come!!
Don't let your eyecare benefit slip away. Book your eye exam now. Use your FSA money up before the end of the year
There's nothing like a good ol' power nap to get you through the day! That and some Dunkaroos. Wait! Am I still 9 years old?
Write first, format later. Use the Kitchen Sink, the last button on the right of the formatting bar, for more formatting options.
living life same shit new day i guess lol :p
Happy Friday everyone! Have an amazing day! ☀
quit thinking its gotten u nowhere so far...
Just rocked an early 20th century government docs question on the reference desk. OH YEAH!
Been watching all day. Love Pat Collins and Love Shamari. Want to see more of him!
That's cool and all but I want my kids to be tall too. And genes can only do so much lol
Watching the celebration, I don't think it was Mr. Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night.
haha no say I could never do it 🎾❌
It's gettin huge
“If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders.” - Abigail Van Buren
game 5 in miami 
I TRY EVERYDAY TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME BUT YOU NEVER NOTICE ME. AND WISH FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME AT 11:11 BUT U NEVER DO :( <3333
my friend looks just like justin bieber <333 and hes single !
yes because I'm really confused now :p
Smh he need to turn that damn phone on lol
PFP is @ "GF Living Now Expo" in Indy today. We r giving away samples of Wowbutter, Peabutter, Sunbutter & Andean Dream. Admission is FREE!
then you won't have a problem
Figaro && The Executive are our two new specials for the week, come in and check them out!
My son Arrion was just announced as SALUTATORIAN.
Orange soda + Oreos + Unwritten Law = Creativity
PROTIP: Find and remove the #GPO that only allows local profiles before working with #VMware View Persona Mgmnt.
It's Britney...bi@
I think will murder you......with partying.
haha I've used that intermittently for years! But Englands def got me addicted to tea time and scones lol
Spent the whole day answering questions on Yahoo. It's addicting.
I don't know about you, but this game 6 is giving me a stomach ache... #Grizzlies come on!!!!
My twitter looks hella different right now... Wth. Must have did an auto update
Happy Birthday Eve to Comedian of Comedians and Filmmaker of Filmmakers... Charlie Chaplin!!! 122!
Anyone in my friends ever git their hair done by Seaborn... Celebrity Seaborn
Oops, that tweet was supposed to be
I be bored doee ! Lol so quess what, possums gana leave to Santa Barbra :T
When you tie a straw wrapper and it tears apart fully>>>
You're definately right about that! My ABV plans have escalated...a bunch!
Wait.... Wait, wait, wait, wait. I... I wanna be on you.
I'm obsesed with
Fuuuckkk, I did NOT miss this shit!
How could someone just leave their underwear in an office bathroom?!
Hellz yes!! And they're blowing up!! RT Is Thick as Thieves sponsoring fighters?!?
Just had a random laughing contest with my brother.. And now, I feel really light-headed.. :\
WELCOME TO MY STATE. <3 I really hope I get to meet you while you're here. That would be my dream come true. i love you.
Just got the email. Thanks again.
I've learned that. Had some bogus issue with YouTube player embedded videos a while back, meh
I need a straight date with son !
Just got news that Philip Wentzel's resigned from the Milwaukee Co. Sheriff’s Office. Probably good, what with the child porn and all.
You cant begin to process me with a normal brain.
i know you do
Is no longer phoneless. Although the last four days without haven't been that bad...
I fucked up somewhere and it won't let me use the password I entered.
The thing about "Your Mother" jokes is that they're lame and used up...just like your Mother.
This is the 4th car from big bills I've seen broke down in the street, obstructing traffic. Not a good investment of tax return money
Unemployment claims drop by 25% to 404,000 according to the department of labor.
thats really cool.
Where is everyone going for #SDRestaurantWeek? I'd love to hear what everyone thinks is the best of San Diego!
Where did today go?! It's already 9:30...
happy bday boss
LOL *mwah mwah mwah* all over you.....of course I like YOU! I was talking about my #roster lol
Not to many people believe in much but world
That's from deep outta the vault! :D
Do you ever feel some people have a skewed understanding of what a "#SmallBiz" really is? Ironically, running a #SmallBiz is
Moving day is one week from today!
Waiting on the repair person is no fun on day like this...
Free concert in our Rotunda 8pm TONIGHT! UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends. Don't miss it.
During the block party, will not be providing 'sound checks,' make sure your music is not too loud, don't get fined $177
MT ": #52CardPickup Your new hint for this coming Saturday's 52 pickup is: 'Artistic'." On Second Saturday? May need another hint.
was busted for weed again. Well, I didn't see that coming...
you know, I may actually do that. All jokes aside, how good would that be, as long as I don't get murdered.
Hey Kev!! What's new with you?!
yeah, I guessed as much. additional points to add to the list?
New reviews being posted tonight.
Super fun! Pouring rain on way to gym bright and sunny on way home.
I dare you No I double dog dare you NO! I TRIPLE DOG DARE YA! Dammit!! A triple dog dare is no joke once said you have to do it
2 Months since i had my phone... #MissItVeryMuch!
<----- IS GOING TO RING BELLS ALL AROUND THE WORLD
We are at 2,099 followers! Who knows a die-hard #Colts fan on Twitter who wants to be No. 2,100?
Ooh! are you the party of the first part, or the party of the second part. :)
How time flies. We at Natoma Partners are celebrating our first anniversary! Thanks to all for your support, encouragement and trust.
Who's headed to the KOC tonight?
Living louder and dreaming longer tonight.
National media stereotypes: White on black "shoot first" killing big news in south, not so much in liberal WI. Sad.
I be giving people too much credit and they don't deserve the shit.
Happy #Halloween everyone Stop in at your #local Paradigm Gardens for all of your #Gardening needs!
i wish #oomf answer my message !
taking a bubble bath...
oh I'm sorry
Carol Chargot: Mexico is tastier than tacos
Let the weekend begin....
Let's Go
Fingers still crossed for Kentucky. They are coming to the in Nov. along with Mich St and Wash so I'm biased.
I am starving.
RIP Carroll Shelby
I LOVE ! He's SO fuckin sexy lol
Cool looking BP monitor. Do you use it?
I'm getting drunk, but I much rather be somewhere with you...
Power back on! Yay!
High power bill connection alleged
I never tweeted that?
Yeah totally! There are ones for just Bucks & for Coffee Shops. Hallelujah glory be, I say!
Cremate my body let the ocean have whats left of me
Book you party in our Private Dining Room on a Monday for a reduced minimum food & beverage expenditure! Call for details.
There is a used bandaid on the floor at work. That is grounds for me leaving for the day.
Wonders if the movie Date Night is a true interpretation of married life...just going through the motions.
"rumor has it" just left.
i c y u said it further up. Just pray.
i know what you mean... I don't know how it feels to be honest but i understand...
MT “: ... a drink every time was mentioned in Game Studies panels..." [drinkinggamification].
I just want to meet Jonathan Toews .. So So So So So So badly
Walking out my destiny this morning with my black stilettos on
I cannot seem to add IMAP provided by popular hosting service Dreamhost. Is this a known issue? Any work-arounds? Thanks!
Sexy tube sock guy
She ain't the only one...*wink*
Tomorrow me and my broz gone be in traffic tho... Fwm
Maybe its a Beautiful Bish. First name Beautiful last name Bish. Lmaoo.
I may be the last "active" Google+ user
oh yea ok
season one is over. Speechless. That was excellent. #FireandBlood! (Next--to finish the tomes of A Song of Ice and Fire!)
Seriously.. One big joke. I took it that way too.. Don't worry!
That's a $9.5M deal, maybe he can pay?
Anyone wanna tweet me?(:
Pho! RT 20% discount this Saturday for all participants of the Brownwood Bike Rally and Run
They cancelled #Ringer. I can't fucking believe this bullshit. Don't even know what to say right now. Fuck. FUCK. FUUUCCCKKK.
Playing a show tonight : Craig Ramsey (band), Low Hanging Wires, and Robert Cherry (solo) 9pm
#tnla12 Priority = relationships. It's more important to get the people back to the library than the books back.
Is there a viable D to run against our girl J? Are we stuck w/ her?
BREAKING: More travel and conference restrictions from GSA's Tangherlini - updates soon.
very good point.
Seriously...stop fucking tweeting 200 times a day. Nobody gives a shit what you have to say. Stfu.
Thanks for the #FF again. Have a great weekend! :)
Founder of Triton Financial LLC Kurt Barton,faces life sentence n prison after a federal jury convicted him of carrying out a Ponzi scheme
YOUR Album is AMAZING!!! Thank you for the music... Love what you did with this CD!
awww feeling the love!!! Can't wait to hang with you all!
Good morning! Today is my Friday, so I'll be sewing again soon! Yay!
“: congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become Dr. Ben. Off to the post-defense reception momentarily!” yay!
Did you know that it’s a myth that dogs are color blind? They can actually see in color, just not as vividly as humans.
LMAO! Someone has to look at ugly and hot naked pics all day! I consider it my debt to society.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
bite me! Lol
thank you I am soo excited
Absolutely! She's covering up the Russ Musk which is a good thing.
Happy Birthday <3! I hope you have an amazing day :) love ya!
Don't change on me. Don't exhort me unless you attend to do it forever
Thanks for the follow DJ Mic Vandalis "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube...
Also, you both once killed a hobo. Don't forget the hobo.
"Suck my words, taste my thoughts. And if its 2 nasty, spit em back at me"
Hittin the gym. Who's with me?
good morning how r u..??
So my mom and I walk out of the grocery store and see a guy with no shirt walking in and I was like are you LMFAO? no, therefore no service.
Live. Learn. Love.
Weber Shandwick is hiring in their Beauty Division. Please email me if you have a background in Beauty PR,
Not happening
On the shuttle in Nashville on the way to ACRL Immersion. Ready to sleep at this point, not learn.
can't wait to get my nails done and go to the hookah bar tonight with my girl :)
AND we are all guilty as girls of lowering standards due to not believing in ourselves. Its how I ended up w my ex whos stalks
everything is going good man, how are you?
: If or try to make you climb through tunnels made of chicken wire or go down 10 story slides run.
Some people's shit kills me...for real!!
New phone.. finally.
Night night.
I completely agree!
Me too!
Good night!!hopefully I could sleep with all this thunder nd lighting wait isn't that The same thing Aghh idk OMG!!!Rain to hard carry me!!
Lol RT : I have to tinkle but I don't want to break the seal lmao
Aaron just told me that he is going to high five our baby as it is coming out of me..
It's too bad h8ers dont get its a person on the other end of that tweet. #PackerNation loves you, and wants 2cu domin8 in '11
hell yeah!
M M good to the last drop :)
yes! and apparently has a better camera...
haha lovely and i'm doing great! :)
The edition of "Autobiography of a Yogi" I ordered from is a "first" edition w/ a signed blessing from Yogananda c1947 WOW??!!!??
do you remember the book that was published from records in our Archives re: medical history?
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Dear Universe, if there is an acapella out there for U Got Nerve or Are You Feeling Me, please hook it up. Love, Jeremy
Happy Easter, from all your street team members. (:
umm can we both be jealous bhahah she is probably one of the luckiest people around!!.
party time!
That is a beautiful cake! I'd be reluctant to cut it too, but my desire to taste would definitely win out.
yeah. Which is why I do it like once a year haha. But walking to Starbucks in the snow is really fun :)
Death is transformation.
Curb Center's Arts Industries Policy Forum Hosts Economist and Author Joel Waldfogel
i hate my braces!
Don't forget to cast your ballot - Polls open in a half hour for the Wisconsin Recall Primary!
ok. Dammit where's the phone
Every come see cd release party tomorrow with Crew
(clarification) my 1st memoir will be MHILF: the mark huntsman story
My TV is always on cartoon network 24/6. All but Monday's when I watch Top Gear on BBCa
You could probably Google bad Twitter behavior
I love my friends.
Thanks for returning the follow...boy do REAs need your help! lol.
It's dec 10th from noon to 5. Ima send out a Facebook joint too. ": when is the Art Gallery?”
Nothing like praising the King of Kings on your instrument, I miss that worship from the heart on my Bass Guitar, I was created to praise!
Your book "The Dark Path", it must be one of the most thrilling books I have ever consumed. You are so Strong and Virile, M :)
I went with the skinny jeans, black top, black stilettos look with hair in a messy pony tail and dangly earrings... hopefully in dress code
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
If a friend can't tell you the #truth about yourself who can?
I agree he does. Seems real laid back this year. I may be sick too!
Fascinating to hear the Big Back Yard is built upon decimeters if societal waste; hard to drill deep pilings through the
Will the #Steelers pull this off?
Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'We can't do right by DWTS judges' - Digital Spy
#Yankees still winning......
It went well. Looking forward to Wednesday!
Chic-Fil-A it's like a special occasion every time :) I don't know how they do it, but it's like nugget fairies make those juicy nuggets!
In the last 20 years #entrepreneurs establishing new firms have done more to create #wealth than firms at any time before them – ever!
Ah thanks! I love going to kick boxing. Will have find a body pump class to try. Like the idea of a weightlifting class.
thanks man. I might have to! haha
shoot! Couldn't get this link to work.
doing great buddy! Thanks for asking.
dear god, thank you so much for once again saving : )
Yeah but Mister Number One Seed (you) and Rj have to take care of business.
He who labors as he prays lifts his heart to God with his hands. -- St. Benedict of Nursia
Time for my favorite show
Naw man, that chick is just someone that i used to know.
Can't wait to read it!!!
I only buy super-cheap stuff on Amazon (I'm trying to bankrupt them). That said, ME3 50% off today—woot! Oh, and cheap batteries...
I hate when your talking to your parents and u say why and all they say is because..makes me so mad.
Come on down and make Sarah Waffle laugh by putting Hot Sauce in your eye!!!
Where is it?
Good night <333
They had to weigh the semi & everything. Tow truck is hooking it up now. Dude had a suspended license.
I miss my bro y he move to texas cali where its out
Happy Birthday Taylor Lautner *wine*bday*beer*gift *party{}webayubajuuwe
Did You Ever RT The Tweet I Told Everyone To
It's the turning point for the series. If viewers can make it to that one race, the pace/character issues disappear.
Who knew my first #Aldi experience would be so confusing. Next time I will be better prepared for the checkout protocol.
haha we finally stole it back from you. 73 right now in AZ.
Falling asleep to Jason Mraz is the best
I'm with you!! Ugh so hard some days 😔
No you dont, but you may miss some stuff
We could go jogging together. That's always better motivation! I'm at a slow pace and short dist so far which might be good too?
wow this picture cracks me up! (:
i cant go to ur photoshoot/: my parents wouldnt take me );
Think the season is over? You would be wrong. College All-Stars tomorrow. Also flipcup for cancer at the Brooksidr.
“ $50 for a 3 minute jack off or $10 for a lap dance. Bitch u better pull yo hand out” its 40 on bourbon St
Hoping this Delta flight is better than my last 3 Delta flights. Worst customer service of any airline I've been on.
Gee, the initial backup of 271GB that I'm sending 2 the CrashPlan service will only take 3.4 months to complete. Electric bill = $$$.
it was in 76137, but were already on the outage map :-)
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all. Henry David Thoreau -
Wish I could! Hopefully next time! Have fun & thanks!
I think the biggest people pleasers are prostitutes.
Nice nice Women power!!
I miss little Annabelle.
Can anyone please shout me out?
What does it mean to live BIG? Most of us have no clue what that looks like. But we cannot look at someone else's life for clarity.
“Overall, it was excellent!” “Great content!” This year come see what all the fuss is about at www.ebook-summit.com
Just moments away from at the Palace. 11th row center!
awww well! how are you?
Is the coffee brewing?
The indie artist are flooding in their singles to" Break That Single" --Whoa !what an incredible response. Keep on sending in those singles.
i love you ahahahahah COME BACK TO CALI!!!
RT Just passed what looked like a sobriety check point being set up on Rock Creek Parkway.
hes not even him self anymore..
I seriously want to master the Don Draper judgment eyebrow.
n u learnt well, didn't it get u what u wanted? Ok, then...n uhh, u welcome!
Tell Blayke conratulations on her signing. its a great accomplishment!
yeah. Great spring & summertime tunage.
disney is rockin!
This septa shit is in the way i gotta fix my wheel ASAP
neither will I sir ...
I've only heard from the listing broker (I represent the buyer). Evidently BofA sent a counteroffer late Friday evening, due Sunday at ...
told you :)
I guess twitter isn't that painful to use. Getting used to it.
hey I am a songwriter looking to network
Did it ever occur to you that nothing occurs to God?
AZ punter took a knee fielding the snap...he is down right there and the Buffs take over at the AZ 28 yard line
Term of the day, found on an old handlist: "slip song." Rbms.info tells me use "broadsheet poem" instead. But "slip song" is so poetic!
I saw! The poor gal needs some serious facial reconstruction. I'm glad nobody was seriously hurt.
At least you did the workout!
Thanks for the follow, Kristal.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 68 to 73 near...
Going to the Galleria before the Heat vs Celtics game :)
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
That's right. I will remember this all the time.
Yeah..i typical summer stuff.
not odd. That's the only way to get stuff done before the blockers arrive :)
Glycol chiller and boiler purchased. All major equip now secure. Next up, June 9 Planning Commission hearing on use permit.
Spiders < Snakes, Bees, Mosquitos, Cicadas, Lions, Tigers, Bears, Alligators, Vampires, Zombies, Pirahanas, Tracker Jackers, Wasps, Monkies
They all seem very likely tactical upgrades and probably less enamored with overpriced English players.
haha nice! Ive never been a big fan of the ocean, especially around here. A girl lost her leg due to a shark bite last week
same as my twitter name
Just because a kid listens to both hardcore and rap music doesn't make them a 'poser'...wow people these days just fucking stupid.
I say bitch where you going? She said " I forgot my bra.." haha
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others .... -Ephesians 4:29 (NIV
I need some more #DMEswag to round out my #ThreeSheets and #ZaneFestivus collections
Why do deaf people make a thizz face when they sign?
omgoshh i forgot to send my birthday collab video! im doing it now :D
jay u coming down for the Seattle game?
Wow. Filled all of our spots in less than 12 hours! We look forward to seeing all of you at Mother-Son Date Knight.
When I wake up in the morning.....1.twitter....2.facebook.....3.tryto go back to sleep
This game has been called horrendously, any chance the Knicks have as small as it may be is been nullified by refs
not even close
RT : Kudos BTW to VMware for pushing forward with Octopus share/sync, now in beta. Much synergy with Zimbra & Socialcast....
Ha ha ha! Klout thinks I'm influential about Road Rage! Hilarious.
me too! That sounds great!!
Defense is such a vital part of #basketball, I have no problem dedicating 2 weeks of material to it...
RT : Good news, Californians: your support for the de-industrialization of America is working. The bad news: t......
you're tweeting in class? haha me too...
Every new day, should remind us that what we bring to any experience heavily influences what we get out of it
Morning Rockstars! > All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. - Henry David Thoreau
Makes me think of that scene from Fantasia that scared the @#$@ out of me. When I was a kid, I mean.
checked out your tracks, very nice!
Even after nyquil I can't fall asleep =/ #GrammyAwards it is
“ Its my uncle birthday! Shoutouts to !”| Thanks babes
Many thanks to and for a great #tastecamp, and to all the #vawine folks, thank you for your beautiful wines.
its life changing isn't it?!? DON'T order a soup in a bread bowl... really hard to eat and drive. why r u in the rlb!?!
WHO VILLOPOTO!!! Great race tonight!!!
yeah, that is why i am not coming up to CT till tomorrow.. gotta get my sox fix first
First oregon game he has watched ": o_0 RT Oregon sees Adidas and raises. Wearing almost same neon unis as Baylor!"
18 I couldn't go to no parties b/c I dnt got no I'd which means that's irrelevant b/c if I had my licensine
Gonna try to become twitter verified by one year from today <3 Here goes nothing...(;
My bf is being a fat ass eating chips while I'm being healthy eating a K bar(: lol
Interesting view by Van Grosse on how movements fade while political institutions remain. What's it mean for CRM?
Environmentally friendlier Mag Chlor sidewalk deicer. Refillable 25# bucket $15. Call us for free delivery within the district 410 528 1512
yep , preaching tn the choir
No apologies needed. Love is love.
Should the NRA really be taking membership from people under 18? See Santorum's daughter age 3 - now an NRA member.
Getting ready for the Edwardsville, IL High School Crafts Fair this Saturday & Sunday - will have personalized ornaments/Christmas earrings
IS MY SAVIOR !!
Kansas Gov Brownback and DOC Jones-Sontag are both ass's. Emma Sullivan is OK. Read the 2nd Admnt.
Re: Let It Be... It's not on Let It Be, only on the recent "Let It Be Naked" (2003). It was a B-side to the "Get Back" single.
Glad you're having fun!! Ha. ": Officer: "is that an open bottle?" Me: "those are broken bottles, so we're good right""
We must all participate in the defense of education under assault.
JoePa is still hangin in there people
you already know....tryin to organize this ride out to the shoot tomorrow with you, me and
Have a happy joy joy day!
The IUP women's softball game at home against Wheeling Jesuit has been canceled. Pirates still play the Rockies at home (7:05 ROOT).
: "We MUST make THINGS again". Manufacturing sector contributes 38% of job growth since recession.
Gimme the beat boys, and free my soul. I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away.
RT Link: Art for Ransom - THE place to be tonight in Denver. Unless, like me, you’re going to Selichot services....
Hey Alec, how tall is your vase for the 37" KM #Hookah?
tomorrow is mother's day so what did you get your moms?? better do it up big cause mama's are the reason u are here!!!
now doing summer school to stay ahead of the game....shessh at this rate im going to graduate in two years
#Midsomer Murders is still so much fun as the latest season is proving. Sadly, only 2 episodes left :( #anticipatory withdrawal
Saw jump over the at #AllStar. Even more out of control: the HUGE success of the social campaign from it
Alloras my best friend because I don't have to dress up or wear make up to hang out with her
I don't even know. I was wondering the same thing. But if I were you I'd still make it cool. Maybe they'll still see it.
um... you got a vehicle that seats 7 that i could borrow tomorrow between 3pm and 9pm? i'll trade you my regular-sized car for the day.
. Quickbooks doesn't sleep with macs :-(
Preparing for tomorrow's family shoot. Almost time for night night...
These allergies<<<
- Miranda, Kudos on your ACM noms. Oh & please come on my morning show. I love you. LA loves you. Don't make me beg!!
thanks. john if he replies to you ping me...he is locked and i may not see the reply. thanks!
ok and is so !
a) my point exactly!!! B) are you trying to drop an instruction manual with your retweets?!
Are you ready to Blastoff? www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork. It's a fun, free and easy way to save and make money!!
Ken just pop'd a pill and Ryu tryna get a nigga drunk lol
For a fat city, Milwaukee has a lot of lunchtime runners out today.
Agreed! RT "I am loving Jackie."
pick me up and I'm down! 👍
I think they're really important. If someone doesn't want to look at it they don't have to, but it's definitely not obnoxious.
So this guy...he is amazing ^_^ haven't stopped smiling since last night
I have ruled the world in my past lives.
Happy and Successful New Year !
Each morning as I awaken you�re the reason I smile, You�re the reason I love. Jerry Burton
has completed eleven of her twelve hour shift! Let the count down begin!
Age-Related Eye Disease Study found that taking high levels of zinc w/ antioxidant vitamins reduced vision health risks....
My poor dog (Shiba Inu) is shedding so bad I can pull her hair out by the handfuls. Please cool us down Mother Nature!
from the mouth of babes
rt No, it's not true that "Cash for Clunkers" is the official name of the MKE Journal Sentinel's buyout program.
I just don't like that she is telling these people she is black French and native American when she is creole...
RT : Going to to bust out some quick prep thanks to !!!!!!!
A vanilla latte would have been perfect this morning!
Who's Guy Fieri?
Remember Illusions Restaurant in #Indy? Experience it's magic tonite at 8 pm @ Strand
and you always treat me like a superstar.
Good to meet you! RT : Any friend of is a friend of mine, Hello!”
JT has been working on his Christmas wishlist... he's toting the latest catalog all over. Yeah, he's still just 4 years old.
I love you broadly((:
Wishing our good friends at NTS Motorsports a successful weekend in racing! We love you guys!
Power is out, so oatmeal for breakfast. House is weirdly quiet.
Glad you are following! Welcome!
I really don't feel good today =( I'm just gonna lay in bed and study all day
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
Straight from the talent herself. Better time slot, please! RT pls tell the station to move it up.
I feel so bad now-a-days. I never talk to you anymore, and when i do, i always feel like when i have to go, i upset you :(
Happy Birthday to ! #winethursday? ;)
I'm still baffled as to why Thabeet only played 10 minutes, Flynn 18 minutes but Felton got 34 minutes in a #Blazers blowout by the
Whose gonna come rage with us Monday !!!!!!!
Kathy Griffin I can't wait...40 mins
GO ROCKIES...We need this series.....
RT : Beauty is a word, kindness is an act that makes you beautiful
what is this? Looks good...
I was in the business for ten years. I also was privy when I was with the team. I could tell you stories.
I feel better now I can go bk to sleep wake bk up in a few wit a game plan
Thanks. Really! The best cam is the one you have with you. Plus my pro kit is so damn heavy. How are you?
Rehearsal kicked ass tonight! this #Friday is gonna be epic!
The part of yourself that occasionally tries to fool yourself is the part of yourself that you need to work with. Capiche?
I was a little kid again!
Go Packers!RT : This is starting to look like Super Bowl XXXI. Aaron Rodgers reprises the role of Brett Favre.
booking and booking and booking. It will be a busy year....
hey doll, we're located in Hialeah, text/call for address and directions (305) 846-1251
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
Was chilling with the younglins last night and they know how to PARTY...it was all LOVE.....
Who would be interested in a genealogy cruise?
My mom let me in the house. I'm hammered.
wow can't wait!
Bol I guess you not coming down there with me huh lol RT : woah there!
Stop sulking Frank.
Tamya is going to meet the owner of a studio tomorrow. And we've actually got a couple of songs finishes ☺ - Zay
Just breakfasted on leftover cornbread crumbled into a glass of milk! Oh to be a Californian with a Southern fetish.
I already have on made on here let me get his name for you
hey al does bill like the song its all bout the Pentiums or that other Microsoft song u did
If I look at analytics for almost anything, FB numbers are always higher.
"It's the remix to ignition, hot n fresh out the kitchen."
im just bout to start buyin shit and my mom won hella of money da casino
Thank you. I just found out how difficult it is to leave a comment. Thanks for trying
Why not be a part of what makes LA driving enjoyable? Last wknd to pledge
Leon Wieseltier~ No great deed private or public had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
Good morning loves:) x
nope not at all
.: will you guys livestream? very cool speaker line up!
but only one. Other is on sidelines calling next.
They will figure out a way to blame you for all of this.
I'm not one to get grossed out TOO easily, but I had to stop watching that halfway through.
banana smeared with peanut butter and dipped in granola!
Just super impressed with you guys for making it happen and embracing everything. Winners!
Our movement and campaigns can be translated with one click into more than 30 languages. Language won't stop you from making a difference!
Thanks, You do the same.
I'm not ready for the season to be over.. I get like emotional attached to you guys..
The Take It To The Head video is gonna be DOPE.
Happiness just isn't for me, I guess.
Better q is whether he will now embrace anti-bullying agenda for schools. #stopbullyingnow RT Was Mitt Romney a high school bully?
that sounds delicious. let me see how i feel - i've been hacking and coughing for days now. - sinus infection bo
You know that thing where Han and Chewie are having a conversation yet speaking different languages? I'm doing that with a one-year-old.
sorry... That movie seriously kicked a$$ though... One of the best action movies I've seen in awhile
Drunk and crazy and dont give a fuck!!!
wow way to call her out G!! Dang!
Just hooked my #Fitbit into cc
: lol yea. so do you work?
That sucks
I've called so many Senators and Assemblymembers "off the floor", I've run out of my HEP business cards. Handwritten notes for tomorrow!
Any suggestions for places to go on st pattys if you want tasty irish treats but want to avoid the 22 y/o drunk on green beer crowd?
. Went to for the first time this weekend. Definitely a good stop - even at 3am!
i'm good :D what are you doin?<3
I agree whole-heartedly! Work = Time / and we should be paid for our time.
Showed where me & used to hang out, today at
me me me!
We are at today!
If you only knew
love u too
Mavs looking impressive right now at Staples.... Although it shouldn't be this close with Kobe sitting out.
free margherita with purchase of a soda tonight for dinner with my wife ? i think so
I'm gonna try to overhaul my vocabulary by using a word from this list every day.
Those Geico recruiting commercials couldn't be more realistic. Great acting.
Could the PawSox rotation (with Clay) make the playoffs in the NL with an average hitting team?
I want here )=
Cost-benefit analysis: North Korea should stick with web design from now on!
string games are "digital", connected, participatory learning, too; thanks Teachers Teaching Teachers :)
Farewell by Rihanna is such a good song!
NEW Tweep Thursday! Sweet
After a bit of a hiatus, soon hope to be out with a new coffee table book of poetry~
so hows everyones composites going cause mine suck :(
Not sure she'd be good interview. She's shy. Her 14YO bro would be better. Just saved $600 for summer camp.
Happy Friday to all my followers. If you are a Mother, "Happy Mother's Day" Weekend!!!
You just have to trust that Jesus will build His church by the agency of His Spirit and by the power of His Gospel...
try soaking it in lukewarm water with dishsoap, and then try to rub it clean with a soft towel!! (google helps too hha
if you knew most REAL British girls you'd run a mile...;)
its not Crestview anymore :( But Tiger House all day! :)
maybe just until tomorrow afternoon. I have biz gig in NC on Thurs/Fri, but it may be cancelled. In that case I'd stay in STL
Yes, that makes a lot more since. I've mostly only known guys who did it, so they always just shave it.
lmao..i got more just relax and read
RT : Toni Atkins #CA State Assemblymember from #SanDiego mentions City Heights Building #Healthy Communities :)...
Thats like a month in dog years -
Sure thing, lovie(:
Has anyone had a Pizza from Johnnies on Parsons ave? What a great local joint. Sausg & Mush...excellent!
When your mom says she can tell you've lost some weight but your jeans are tighter then ever<<<<<<
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
you are so kind!!! i love you!!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
Now! Sending
yeah, keep me updated! Thanks!
was the shiz last yr! RT : Sounds classy when British dudes drop F-bombs still missing
USA Musicians Network Keeping American Music Alive! Our Objective is to foster and encourage creative partnerships with musicians and venues
What separates Durant from LeBrick is that Durant hasn't carried a team in quite the same manner as LeBrick did in Cle. and may never.
being busy keeps me from not being on here that much...how u been
Fantastic!! Thanks a bunch!!
aw right number two to number one yeah ;) x
Chilling! Do what you want no matter what ppl think!
Send updates if you can! RT : ready to go watch in the first round of nationals! god luck! (:
great speaking with you today. Can't wait to work with you!
hey luv!! howv you been? Hope ur enjoying the new year in #Style thanks for checking in on me I feel special.. really lol (:
How wonderful it is when God cancels your plans & gives you His to pursue with passion & determination like never before?
Mitt Romney and other #2012 candidates return to #DC tomorrow
Right! I already told her that this is gonna be an everyday thing this week. haha
Blue Bayou & Dixie Landin' better open soon because I'm bored!! :P
And I don't get why all of these MSNBC hosts all have him on. Chris did get him to LIE tonight tho re: his party affiliation
Some nice weather out today... Last and Final touches to this video. #boyfriendcover #newmusic :)
I'm listening to the new #jackwhite and the amazing all day today. How lucky are we, gettin' paid to listen to AMAZING MUSIC!
i officially hate my chem teacher
when you talk to that certain someone on the phone ..ALL SMILES
I'm hungry and I'm boycotting Megabytes. Looks like a lunch trip to Chipotle might be in order. Gunna pay with Eaglebucks!!!
Am I the only one that LOVES spoilers? #Bachelor doesn't start for an hour, but I know the ending. Thanks to my BFFL!
You would! RT : Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Lady Gaga? OMG!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a little Drizzy outside. Expect a Lil Wayne. xD
I'm feeling terrible right now got a stomach virus that's kicking ass, need some TLC, where my sexy nurse wit the red pumps?
Great family Easter weekend with the !
Don't play me, I'll whoop that ass tomorrow!!! I'm bout that life.#team thuggin
I just got very annoyed. This isn't even worth it.
Thanks - Let us know of any ghost stories from Carmel :-) RT : Cool RT : Preparing for our Ghost Walk
RT : Sen Callahan: Mayer's anti-prevailing wage bill rewards fly-by-night contractors from out of state at expense of
RC Cola fountain soda?
words for the word throne, skulls for khorne!
I can never get tired of watching The Blind Side
Damn that's a steep hill at 330...
Weather is not cooperating today.
