there's rain in these mountains of Albany! The Volvo needed a bath :)
A #brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A #brand that captures your heart gains commitment
Is that the only place you have hair?
Just left wal-mart.
You're awesome! That is so cool!!!!
How cute your boyfriend can get, than be a bitch the next minute
Uhm. Heck no. I was using it as a replacement for the f word.
Not sure there's a place on the planet that coulda been prettier than Lincoln Park today. Glor.I.Ous.
Off the top of my head, I can’t think of any movies that prominently feature a trampoline. Help me out!
Thank you for letting us stop in today!! The store is amazing!!
did it...but can hardly move.
Brian Williams' daughter is a cutie
Back in the ATL getting ready for the Mother's Day Breakfast, Girls n PEARLS Tea, Study Skills Saturday Session, with a moment of prayer
Rock & roll is a nuclear blast of reality in a mundane world where no-one is allowed to be magnificent.
Now I'm ready for Cinco De Mayo! “: Man in a sombrero wearing a boxing glove jumps on Sacramento cop car and shouts his name.
Fox News Hires Liz Cheney as Analyst and Substitute Host
Movie recommendation is Friday the 13th
1st the Earth cooled, then a dinosaur put a tingle up Chris' leg...
STUCK AGAIN!!!
No photo appeared. Can you post it again? Merci.
now imagine that you're part of a special frat only open to children of extremely wealthy & influential ppl... you form bonds
can we count on you to support our students and libraries by voting to level fund LSTA and IAL?
30 minutes of hail
Watching a documentary about the Japan earthquake/tsunami and learning about a similarly volatile quake zone off the WA and OR coast.
It is indeed! And we have a fantastic new UI team member helping us out :)
Friends, fast what's cribbage again?!
RT Hello Surrey. Social media makes things happen. The #edcamp movement is a great example
Kobe is too bossy!!
You don't need a special dislike for them joes RT : I have a special dislike for cricket phones
Whatcha doing next Friday night?? :)
what time is dinner? Lol
OMG! I remember that! I liked it better that way! We used to throw pennies in the fountain and make a wish!
Are you attending this Oct? We'll be live tweeting, so stay tuned!
What why is that ?
558AD- The dome the #HaghiaSophia collapsed under its own weight. The Emperor #Justinian ordered it immediately rebuilt stronger.
i can honestly say that i need friends who won't leave me out and who won't make me their last choice... I'm tired of it
no sir
i'm not sure i understand the appeal of betty white.
U dont like what I say... #unfollowme then!
Is His Dark Materials gonna spoil the Harry Potter series 4 me? I still haven't read them. I wonder how it compares to Pullman's trilogy.
Get rich or drunk tryin...
Congratulations Olivia!!!
Visit my blog to learn about my experience during the Civil War www.leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Biggie biggie biggie can't you see, sometimes your words just hypnotize me. :)
is a badass. If you arent following him. You should be. <3
My son, Isaiah, is rockin' out on the ancient Jackson Stealth with new strings! This instrument is now rdy for Sunday!
Demonizing Planned Parenthood is a scam by the GOP to get Obama out of office but is a great dis-service and harmful to all women & families
Welcome to Twitter!
A very moving tribute, Barbara.
off to a free grant writing seminar at the Foundation
Just saw the Brewers batting order for tonight. If I didn't know better, I'd think we had 2 spring training style split squad games tonight
Agree! RT A2) If you are hanging out where audience is talking, you're *never* overextended
Gansler on #bay: no panacea. Steps include building energy plant that turns chicken manure into electrical power.
I am obsessed with the Hunger Games....
I saw that as I drove by yesterday. A good, long summer to enjoy Sea Salt sounds good to me.
When we get called on with the most hardest question and totally guess and get it right
Hey can you please follow me I'm a huge #belieber haha just ask my sister lol
Blake Griffin: "I personally could do a better job rebounding, I should never have one rebound in 38 minutes of play."
good to watch y'all performing shit, old and new. and just doing the craziest things
U are a trip!!!!!!!!!!!!! #NeverLand. I am rolling LMBoooooooo
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/16/2011 and was under her calorie goal
ha, not this year!
“: "No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist." — Oscar Wilde”
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” -MLK
Does anyone know where I can find the highschool lip dub?
Crack kills people.. Pull up your pants
Crying makes me feel better .. 
thnx for follow
nope I've been with him ...
haha. Fair enough.
that was quite a special time :)
SO on top of that. What's our hashtag? #Ongmemorial?
NHS: mixture of synchronous & asynchronous material in grad nursing program.
Getting ready for tomorrow's big public workshop in London with our good friends &
Have I died and gone to heaven? DEVO IS BACK!!! Fresh!
he's on at
I miss Johnny Carson.
Masters of Science in Writing: Book Publishing. I still have to put a portfolio together and write the essay. Ugggg.
Seriously, I'm not TRYING to be in this car chase. Look for my red mazda on the news!
Stay tuned for session video/pics next Wed!
My pants have been falling down all day.
No working on the weekend!!
kind of like "May" and "Exam...."
#Resume and #portfolio updated-so many new pics!
RT : China warns foreign media not to cover Middle East-inspired protests, threatening expulsion or a revoking of their credentials
is talking DVD menus - and that's pretty close to the last of the talks one has about making a movie.
This girl's ass... jesus.
Granger and James DO NOT like each other haha.
Hear the sound of my breaking heart...
RT : RVA! We need your help to make First Friday everything you want it to be. Thanks to ://fb.me/VPBg7v0N
who hostin it
On my way to the Wisconsin Broadcaster's Association Awards to get a few. I feel like a kid on Christmas.
Aint she sweet and genuine.. still funny as heck at 90!
Everytime sees your tweets, she gets upset bc you aren't following her! please follow her!
sale at R7500. Housemate would like to sell by the end of the week. Still sealed.
Why would you trade one repressive theocracy for another? Or it is because you 'hate freedom' since you are pro-freedom?
Nice maybe we'll see you there doll xo
Sat down to watch an episode of Detroit 187. Instead, TiVO had recorded 20/20, featuring Charlie Sheen. His craziness was no longer funny.
not a great throw, but still Barajas has to catch that ball before he tries to throw to third.
*gulp* ....I stupid & I no get it!! o_____o
That moment when your cousin you rarely talk to follows you on instagram 😊
ESPRIT was fabo per usual.
returned home from North Carolina only to find that our backyard is a jungle and it was just as hot here as it was there.
OMG! The tickets sells are going great! Have you gotten your ticket yet? Ms Kim Fields will bring the house down. 4-15 last day for $35 tkts
on #conferences for #scholars: infrequent, expensive, difficult to manage. Not ideal in 21st century..
TRIPLE H, JUSTIN BIEBER on MAY WEATHER corner yea
That's not a foul on Sessions?
Being gay is not wrong, when will people see that?
yea you are, you put doee after (: lol
Not the michon effect?
Nice, that's only a block down from here. Japonessa!
Beautiful calligraphy wedding certificate on eBay - ends in 10 hours - item
Real shit at the tanning place.
In NJ for vs Nets and it's a sea of green.
yeah I also hope someday will follow me! I would be so happy wouldn't u?
Once comes out with CD's I will buy EVERY SINGLE ONE OF HIS ALBUMS.<3
is this a flashback or just your weird, pointless imaginations?
If a girl is in a bad mood, asking if she's on her period doesn't help!
That'd be OK, I guess. I'm sure won't mind.
Hi! Got time for a Skype anytime soon?
#harrypotterlive question for draco!! whats your favorite scence in the movie???!
Woohoo! Congrats Alex! You deserve it. Proof good things happen to good people. Glad you're staying in Chi.
Whos gunna win the sausage race today?
yeah I know! I couldnt do it either! That shit hurt like crazy all I did was 7... When I can do 30 something
#confession I drink. Some.
: Best thing I heard after tonight's talk: "Surprised to see someone from Sears participating. Which is cool." Thanks!
When you love someone so much you get arrested for breaking and entering.
I'm gonna retire PINKmascara_ for a while. Back to my old name :)
im at work
Alrighty, is back online. If you want to #post an #apartment for free, or search for some great new digs - go for it!
Price range?
Derek Wan is an amazing person. We thank you so very much xxxooo
Fresh manicure=happy Paula
Come checkout surrender night club tonight free admission for the ladies if u just use my guestlist Travis Sosa only
YouTube Young ju "cross my heart" and just begun..Fire...
The fuckk ? The conversations people talk about in my 6th period !
is it Alex Morgan?
there's always tomorrow :-)
RT : I disagree with Hubie. On a 2 on 1 you must force the defender to commit to you or a pass. (agreed)
Thanks very much! Backatcha! :-)
It is not what Salsa can do for you; It is what you can do for Salsa.
CONGRATS TO JESSE AND TONY!!!! Happy Birthday to Grace Olivia Schirmang, 7lbs 4 ounces, 20 inches
Gonna be home just in time to watch LSU kick some butt
SRT is so boring. Catching up on
I really would, but I'm a bit hyper still.. after effect from the gym.
speak it brother. No lie bc there is more stuff tht is better than him
Training Associates Press is the developer of
good idea, but too organized for my tastes. At best I ride with a loose confederation of cyclists. I would participate though.
I'm looking for inspiration in turquoises and golds, colors we'll find in Cozumel next month. I'm taking a million pictures for inspiration.
Rain rain go away!!!):
Life reassures us every time we tell the truth, every time someone helps us & we allow it, & every time we share love without looking back.
The rise of entrepreneurship & startups. RT : Pivot. Why is everyone using that word lately? Where is it coming from? A book?
Going back to school to finish my administrative license. Hopefully this is the last time I will return to school.
he was pretty big lol I was like
#PeopleILoveTheMost nice,open minded people
you up early!!! Good Morning!
I wish Queens Kickshaw would deliver coffee to my bed.....
So excited for a Cairo story! He ties with Dorr for my fave character.
can u email me that pre- game photo we took before the game? I will Direct message my email
that takes too long!! O: haha
You got my attention...except for the running part (well, and the Wenatchee part).
Two snaps and a circle.
ive got a spell on you and now your mine!.
im going to set the world retweet record today
#FF #1 Fan & awesome jewelry maker!
": The call from was great! #AlphaAction"~Thanks good brother! I just want to encourage and reassure my brothers. 06!
I bet you do. You should come in and do a vocal workshop lol
sounds like you need more lady friends!
Cool of u to reply. I will look for your update in May. You're inspiring, beautiful and you're a fighter. Never ever give up.
"its" enough? you mean "this is enough" or "thats enough"
bout to rip kief like it aint no ones biz
Sorry for the late response. Our acct was down. Send us the info! :)
Going into the final Week of League play! The Top 3 teams plus a few Wild Cards will be invited to the Championship via email after...
Believe - Begin - Become!
“: I will be working before the next budget meeting on amendment to extend TANF benefits.” please don't.
Dry Run of the studio- Thursday at 7 pm- 5/8/2011
Desk didn't fit me... Good thing my #HTCOne S is forged by lightning! I deflected the debris and made it to safety!
Bengals announce signing of Georgia TE Orson Charles (Rd. 4) & UDFA S Tony Dye of UCLA.
Wing Night!! You can only get them on Thursdays and they tend to sell out.. All homemade sauces.. Come get some!!
Movies based off of comic books are just more fun than graphic novel adaptations and that's what summer movies are about...fun...and A/C.
I did he dont listen RT : Obama may b open 2 Extending Tax Cuts 4 All. Speak 2Obama tell him 2hold GOP accountable
The Founders laid an excellent foundation. It provided base for amazingly free society. THEY were wiser than our crew. Time to retrace steps
Almost done cleaning my room, about to be a fun ass night.
Ion have no gas for this extraness
Blog audience management: not all strangers are bad, not all physical world followers are good. "intimate public". Aimee Morrison
New York City...Bitch.
BASE Camp has free food for our Families! Visit the BASE Camp Free Food Pantry Sat. Feb 4th: 11-3pm! Contact Cherly for more info!
Kudos Rep. Gregg Harper for your passion and commitment to equality and inclusion
okay, who was it that ask me if I thought the first lady was responsible for amanda's death...uh!!!
alas, no. this is it.
- Thank for an awesome presentation this morning!
#dcnyc10 The recurring theme in tech of our phones as > apps but = censors
Playing accountant is not as fun as being a designer! Not to mention I am not nearly as good at it! Happy Friday!
Kinda funny how the past comes back.
I know U was blessed @ Bishop Lester love conference with Pastor Juanita Bynum. God Bless you & hold on 2 ur prophesy.
It takes me so long to get ready because I procrastinate for 30-45 min.
Business proposal sent and now it's time for chicken wings!
u r incredible I admire u so much! Plse follow me it would make me so happy to no that some1 I truly look up to follows me
Let's not decide who should score just score
Happy Halloween Rochester NY!
Sunny day! Flowers are showing off. Amazing Spring flowers! Going to try out my new trekking poles in the park later.
Truth 😔 RT : When a #Capricorn is angry we spit fire first &amp; think about the consequences later.
“If you’re not living life on the edge, you’re taking up too much space.” ~ Anonymous
Dare you to *not* see a movie called "that's what she said" starring alia shawkat. Tonight at 8, at
New Joints in at BCK
cool! We should set up a mini lesson or something. What do you think? Hang out with the band at the studio for a bit
thank you :-) BTW love your hair color.
Sister love :)
Thanks Paul! Now it's tied!!
dropped Claudia off at school today!!!! !!!
“: There's a big apt fire on South First near Ben White. We have a crew on the way and should know more after 8 p.m.”
Do people realize how stupid they look while talking on bluetooth?
I have to silent my phone and turn upside down so I don't see the notifications! I wake up at odd times just to see who played!
I do work at school. I don't know why I have to do it at home too.
26. #Brewers 6 #Giants 4 | Some West Coast success / Greinke doesn't pitch so well / Ramirez bails out.
Honored to be a part of the momentous #womentogether Women's HR Delegation to AL now closing - "We are many and together we can be heard."
Keep at something and you WILL FINISH it. MAJOR CHANGES happen in TINY INCREMENTS! #PATIENCE&PERSEVERANCE
YOI WOULD MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN WHOLE IF YOU WOULD PLEASE Please FOLLOW ME BAVK<3333 YOUR SO ADORABLE SO PROUD OF YOU
Damn Twitter won't let me go to bed.
ROAD FOX WANT COOKIE? BABY DIRTY JUST KIDDING!! COOKIE REALLY ROSIN!!
HA amazing!
HOW WAS THAT AN ERROR???
hint hint
lol no! Actually I thought you're hair would look frizzy ...
Not gonna happen!
Sounds like a recipe for a riot.
Remembering audio pioneer and USC polymath professor Sidney Harman. tonight 6p
Good Morning All! Have a great & productive day!
I wanna get robot legs! And I wanna buy you a black cobra to wear around your neck!
When People Tweet, We Tweet About Everything & Anything . Whatever Pops In Our #Minds, We Tweet It . #ForReal .
i find it funny that my dad old saying is almost the same his is opinion are like asshole evry1 got one
Just did week 5, day 1 of !
Three hours straight of phone calls when I got deadlines to meet. Frustrating.
Common Sense
Re-dyeing highlights and getting extensions :')
I've been using Tweetbot on both for a while now.
biggie biggie biggie cnt you see sometimes them snack b callin me!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!__
So....kneecaps are not supposed to do that. Sorry T-wolves.
Wonder if ill actually get tickets lol well have to try at least lol work can wait lol
Sorry y'all-reception was horrible for #TrayvonMartin rally...couldn't get twitter to tweet! Just dumped a bunch of pics though!
Ha, Manning giving up on Garcon, goes to "old reliable"
i love your cheeks. <3 (:
If your my true friend. I will not like everything you tell me.
When you have challenges come up, do you take the opportunity to make changes in your life?
awe thanks Kez! You inspire me!
Let's get wet!! RT“: Tonight come to FIRE ON WATER for LEARNING TO FLY - TOM PETTY TRIBUTE!!!!”
Go ur azz back to sleep
#Pirates on top in the top of the 3rd 1-0 over the
Concord Fizz ~ finlandia vodka / red seedless / grapes raspberries maraschino liquor / sparkling wine/basil
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber. Hope we hear about #children's #health tonight.
Be ready to talk about your business. Everyday is a networking day! Talk about www.ZeusCreativeNet.com and get rewards for your business.
Shes the last girl I would try to be like she needs to stop talking her shit & not flatter herself,
79k seniors would have paid up to an estimated $14 million more for their prescription drugs had Walker's plan become law
Damn, lovin' the love for 's latest post. <3 to , , , and for the tweetage!
Yes we are and it's GREAT! Happy, happy Friday friends!
Just got home from riding my Indian Motorcycle- fantastic sunset! Busy tomorrow- trip to the dentist being squeezed in there somewhere...
doing good thanks! Just working away....ready for the weekend
Lol Me To
Crochetwalking - a way to multitask myself into doing two things i normally do well into two things i do poorly.
Overheard at our tax party: "Someone needs to punch California in the face."
Tell us what KCPT means to you. Use
We can concentrate the energy into energon cubes and store them in the new space cruiser.
safe travels!
RT : Really enjoyed myself last night for Freedia party @ Ceasars That's right y'all!
and for Michael words can't even explain anything, you are my LIFE, the reason i smile daily, so much to thank you for, <3
Yeah! Can't wait to see you tonight, it's been too long!
I retire from basketball. Got showed up by 4'2
yeah I live in both spots
Spring and Autumn are always intense. Still, they're both my favorite. ;)
"The world 'out there' won't change until the world 'in here' does." #in - Deepak Chopra
Bless up Fam! DM me your email please
After talking at the vatican about catolicism being a dying religion & the race of Jesus, I ate it hard and broke my fav flip flop
Late night. 💤
It's Erikaaaa :)
Jethro Nation - Randy Ellison Just won - be ready more gifts to come! Request Jethro at your local B&T!
Jazzing the Band.
Cats are natural paper shreaders.
this is gonna be a sick finish
exercise your right to a profitable business
Hello #Hofstra neighbors! You're in great hands w/George. Don't tweet about what you have for breakfast & you'll be all set.
lol agreed! its so cute & she even kicks me too sometimes at night if I move too much lol
is goin ham tonight
From Chappelle's Show and The Tom Joyner Morning Show I'm hosting tonight 8:00&10:30pm come laugh.
Was in such a rush this morning I forgot to put my makeup on.... Hello natural face :\
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you. are. amazing.
Social Media at it's best for Boxing Updates
Um........?i dont know how to say this ???? PLZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME !:0 I ONLY HAVE 29 FOLLOWERS GOSH KNOW ONE LIKES ME UGG
Thx to for the plastics recycling. I probably wasted gas doing it, but I felt good about it. Now Eureka has to start.
We had Brandy, Monica, Aaliyah, SWV, TLC...man I miss the 90s!
(( Walmart & Sam's Club Freebies )) see www.groceriesandgasolineforever.com enroll www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd No fees, No autoship, Wow.
#FirstStep"By thinking about how to apply the core science to solve the underlying business issue..." Effron & Ort #OPTM via
any particular brand of pencil?
I wish we were all a unity.... But god has different plans.
#10FactsAboutMe I can partially speak and understand 3 different languages
Thank you! RESPECT! <3
Um. No... Not really. Should I know you?
Tonight's #ActsofInheritance will be a salon chat w/ & 's president Burt Kummerow. 6pm!
You're not suspending your campaign, you're dropping out. Just say you're dropping out. Politicians suck.
MT The first in series of upcoming SPARC policy briefs: Child Welfare Funding Opportunities ly/HrY3B2
Snow day with the boys..... making Christmas cookies!
what crews do you like this season best friend and follow me please :(<------------ puppy dog face
I would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
here's hoping that and livetweet conversations from their roadtrip to west virginia with
I'm at Rasputin. New cook is excellent! Today I'm binging tomorrow starving :)
a #CLE #FridayFollow to & 's Northeastern Ohio chapter! Both working hard for this year's SS event on May 26th!
Now I have a date in Beverly Hills with an Italian man tomorrow evening.
Live, Love and Like You before you like me and others...
Add some PERFECTION to your wardrobe with these top follows - , , , , ,
for some green screen fun. #jimmybuffet #photography #alter ego commercial photography studio.
Compared to the weather at home, it's glorious!
G-town and Duke may get beat... Both down late in 2nd
just won a free day in stats!!!
I'll help. Campaigners:How close can it b 2 GOTV?
Just completed survey; beyond 3 options question, it gets better!
No doubt! Lol I'm great and urself?
i look good af right now ;-) watch out!
free play night on Caribe Latino right now till midnight on WKCR.org. (89.9 FM in NYC)
Devil Get Up Off Me
thank you heidi!!!
Reading application out loud for clarity. Will submit today! Thanks for the opportunity and your focus.
So right, they have changed quickly. I do think (and hope) it's all 4 the better. Did your kids do the lawn biz in 2009-10?
aye bro hit me up ASAP
+ 400K people were incarcerated and deported every year since Obama took office. RT #ObamaFirsts You have GOT to quit
i wanna move where you are!
well finally were on at the same time! HAHA!
I'm thinking it's time for to move to Seattle.
lmao you black! :)
Just finished working out, can't feel any better than this!:)
Verlander with a no hitter thru 6. Consider this the official jinx.
thanks Liz!
Nicholas Cage is proof that nepotism will never leave hollywood. He's the worst working actor in the universe!
are they preserving it via video? I'm headed out on business for 18 days...
A great many open minds should be closed for repairs. ~ Toledo Blade Newspaper
Just spotted at #lma12 ... Ross Fishman!!
It Came From the Bargain Bin: HALLOWEEN H20: 20 YEARS LATER
at least he was on for 10 min...people should be greatful for that
Sometimes I don't even have a clue about my life.Then I realize D day I get them all, my purpose in this world would have been fullfilled.
Tomorrow, I think I'm going to recap the Brewers game by using as many words beginning with "s" as I can.
Washington Wealth Makes Waves With Addition of Pacific Point, Opens LA Office
Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
Pics or it didn't happen.
It feels good to step back and clear my mind of the everyday distractions that get us off the path of what god has for us to do in life.
"I'll never let you go"
A1. Agree with : Grand Canyon. Pictures/words don't begin to capture its grandness
happy birthday to u ;)
I am listening to Ann and Mitt Romney and their response to comments made about Mrs. Romney never working & what Romney would do as prez.
I am the acceptation to every rule.
i agree!
RT : It is good to pray but it is better to become the prayer. --Blair Lewis
follow me please
Woo go saints
Really liking this album, can't wait to pick it up
Sometimes I get it wrong. But sometimes I get it right. Either way, I always learn something.
A lot of times, God presents you with an opportunity, and all you have to do is put the work in. If you don't act on it, it goes away.
hey, I'm part of the team here, you can follow me personally at
Grateful for a cool spring day so I can be in front of my fireplace one more time :)
That would be a trick! But, hey.. who knows? I am *so* glad they opened the #AHG11 conference up for online participants!
Though I heard a ad on KPBS last night on a report on a trip through Baja -- does that air tonight?
Sure I'm late: since 401k doesn't save $$, why support it? Why pay to close pension now when city still in economic recovery?
you're welcome <3
This traffic tho <<<<<
insomnia over unresolved stuff from the previous day.
working out he wants to look like gordon johnson ;)
What a great game. The fact that this badger team lost by one point is pretty amazing.
fuck u dominique
Feige and Downey called what they were doing with it "unprecedented" at the press conference.
Hey guys!! It's TFWE member Levi here on Cody's account. Who wants to chat? -Levi
so sexy:)
Ugh just put a deposit on an intensive. Good god.
aww,thanks :D
Screw u auto correct I meant bon fire
Ouch. Hope you get it back. 🙏
Did your travel plans change b/c of Hurricane Irene? If so, please email me at or send me a message. Thanks!
Leaving for work and I didn't sleep at all.
Same! But it's all about staying positive and keeping a good attitude as hard as it can be sometimes.
Leaving for our USF campus in Crown Point to celebrate in the pinning ceremony of our new nurses there.Congrats to our CP graduating nurses!
i cannot wait #3days for the #BOYFRIENDvideo!! too excited(: lots of love Justin<3
By the way, it's Rico and John. Twitter knows us as and You know us as handsome.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it !!!
Have a safe trip homie RT : LAX stay packed.
at least now I can own my guns in Chicago, thanks to the supreme court. Need to find a gun 4 the wife. She has small hands.
I wanted to go to the Macys day parade and hit a few clubs going by myself so people are trippin think imma end up dead
And Lord grant me the serenity to accept my Lost Brothers whom I cannot change.
What's your question? We can help find you an answer, or at least someone to talk to!
Now all we need is a comeback win! RT : And a birthday home run from ! Nice was to celebrate.
Hate the gym? You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
Thanks Karl!
I submitted an expense report for the hookers and blow to the RNC, but Michael Steel told me to just take it out of petty cash.
Listening to our clients more than speaking.
I think so :)
Haven't been on here for a while :/
it's -__- I working though
Red headed boys....
My sleep schedule is all messed up
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
New #loudtableneighbors. I think she's breaking up with him. It's a very awkward, very loud conversation.
Totally! It was easy to get excited about the book!
WOW I AM SORRY TO HEAR YOU WERE HACKED. HOW DO YOU MAKE THE INCOME YOU LISTED ON HERE THE LINK WOULD NOT LET ME CHECK IT OUT
just did! hope to hear back soon.
“: Fell on my ass while snow blowing #fuckoffwinter #bringmespring” Snow 1 0
I WANT A GIRLFRIEND.
#ff shout out to for your opening of DAMES AT SEA tomorrow night. Break a leg!
Can you feel it? Nothing can save ya.
PSA, people. RT : If a "free" iOS app ranks number one in "In App Purchases", best steer clear.
It's starting to sound like a carnival up in here
Now is the best time to check your cars a/c unit.We can recharge it at your office!
Best friend's wedding in Chicago this weekend. Any fun ideas to fill down time?
Great Album Chad!!:)
brutal stuff
Hey does anyone out there use Workamajig project management software? If so DM me please.
Dubstep is freaking amazing!
You are the reason I don't cut my own bangs anymore. xxxooo
Nice! RT Heard you got rid of your ED?
Hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Production meeting for #SpecialDelivery - a second #JBCreative video project for #AlcatelLucent which shoots from May 5th - 7th.
Meant "still 5 years from now." Already a budding rivalry,
k i made one, how do you use it! :o
Jets win!!! now time to sit back and hope for an Eagles WIN!
Home again in Mexico: Illegal immigration hits net zero
My newest follower's bio: "I am not a skinny girl, so if that is what your looking for that is not me. please follow me."
Did you go see gotti
Great lunch with at Julia's Bistro, discussing Children at Risk, particularly on the topic of Fitness.
I dont think this night can get any more boring.
GOP Reponse: "Trickle-down government doesn't work..." even though the Bush White House approved, implemented said policy, and it's worked.
Pirates were at bat for about 53 seconds that inning. Amazing.
is there an emoticon for rolling your eyes?!?! Get over it!
AWESOME effort in the competitive Agility, Speed & Reaction drills w/ the guys today. Also worked on safe & efficient cutting/deceleration
thanks ... one of many reasons i love spring
Whitney Houston has now been sober for 28 days!
New Costume white Laser Cut Metal Party Mask
RT : THE DEMANDS by is "crackling" and "Billingham never lets the tension lag" -
with +bby getting ready for !
Yes he did. Next thing will be, co hosting w He will have to trademark
Had big hopes for #FoxNewsMole but he didn't really pan out to much. cc:
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
I miss #oomf's
plz follow. Make my day:) make me scream my lungs out.lol
Eddie was killin' it on the drums today.
good news!
Strong women wear what they want! Wear it like you mean it and feel like a million bucks! Find your perfect fashion statement
i love you♥ i wanna meet matt so bad♥
thank you 3amfright!
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.” ― Meg Cabot
yes ah!
ugh gosh you are such a h03
Aaaahhhh ... I'm feelin' the caffeine running through my veins ,stimulating my brain as I pause my movie to let you know .....
thank you Hope you have a great Saturday too I just wish I had better weather here
i loved when u were ub the fbi in wwe
Clouds and drizzle will dissipate throughout the day. Highs in the mid 40's. Temps will be back in the mid 50's tomorrow.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
happy bday fool
Just smooth...but it's extra creamy. Pls tell me you're going to come try it! Last day is Sunday.
"So fuck whoever don't put 100% in" -Folarin
Apparently Benedict Cumberbatch was voted the Britain's sexiest man. Democracy works!
I know I am very close to something great, because my personal life is in the crapper right now
I wish more than anything I were with you!
God mawnin everyone!!
Had a pretty baller birthday weekend.. Como quiero a mi familia <3
#Random thought .. is there a good dubstep remix of boombastic? ... bc there should be
free design program has our design students building sites this week. If you need help with yours email me.
RT : Signed licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and composer study. V pleased!
No basketball tournament to attend to this weekend!...about to umpire sum little league games.
Am real tired of dc time to turn on the d backs
Do you know someone in your church who wants to make a christmas cd? Our AK Little Big Band is a perfect project. Ask us about it.
Josh tells me "shit" is French for "beautiful."
Interested in starting to exercise. Need 2 improve balance & core strength. Can any1 recommend? Still have trouble w/ floor -> standing.
Would love to be out running right now, but it's 40 deg. and raining here in Chicago. Yay Spring!
#Spartans RT : Michigan State will be playing on the road against Miami (FL) on November 28th, in the Big 10/ACC Challenge
I like how unfollowed me 😒
I'm spending more time today with tech support than I did collectively all of last year. I guess I should blame it on the weather...
Thanks for coming in last night, good to see you!
I see you're now following me, but for some reason I thought you already were. I'm certain we've spoken here before.
when are you negros free! Lol
I love the way that is handling this whole #DontGo situation, with some humor!
does either of you wanna go to LA with me this summer???
Every One help get #HappyBirthdayMickeyMouse trending!
How does everyday life gets so busy?
Just saw a 70+ man in a sweat suit riding a razor scooter down Folsom street.
We are very excited to announce details for a very special upcoming event...stay tuned for more information soon, documentary lovers!
where are you at now, like what school???
Understand that it is ok to be scared or uncertain,however right beyond those barriers ultimately lies your dreams. -Josh Hinds
Get this a child die in a school van. In Boston. And the local new's big story is Brady's wife got pulled over for speeding. and no tix''WTF
Fuckin wit garage band on the Mac Book .... this shit descent
Jared weaver might throw the no hitter
Ouch I guess he really put the 'ow' in there; hopefully now he'll know to watch out for 'ho's.
When you have no one to talk to, but you realize if someone was there you wouldnt want them
Could we stop using the term, "Wordsmith"? As in, " Scott, can you wordsmith my vague ideas into something meaningful?"
Good morning Normal Illinois, are you ready to rock?
So let me get this right. You're endorsing a guy who calls an educated young woman a slut? Wow.
I may be the only person in this city not watching the #Pens. Pretty sure I can stay up to date via Twitter.
You are special, you are unique; may your Eid be also as special and unique as you are..
awww - (insert heart here)
I'm right there with ya. All shapes and sizes. I just want em!!
Yu know you got sum dank ass herb if yu can smell it thru the bag..
I just realized that spring semester is almost over, which means I have survived my first year of college :D
Some things once said can't be #forgotten, but can they be #forgiven? Trying to #payitforward, let's see if this works...
Everybody Gettin Ready to Party this Weekend! Hell Yeah! I LOVE It! My Part in Spreading Party Spirits is Working!
Same to you ladies;)
#CivSumm11 Tim Eatman is excited about the Civic Seminar and wishes he were there. Will stay tuned in throughout the day.
New Mantra: Embrace simplicity. Let the truth of craft, the realness of humanity shine.
so jealous of your jazz fest adventure!!!
#FearTheQuietGuys ..saw the promo last night...#BOSS!
the tips on those lightsabers always made me feel uncomfortable.
hey you guys going to mom and dads
So sick of the bitter commentary on #SeaMayDay from the likes of Michelle Malkin.
Do you have a cellphone? :/
I am sure I am a close second..been practicing since I was 2;) lol!
SleepIssues: the "Women and Sleep" issue will be available for download in March or you can subscribe!
well isn't he nice. 😒
There is so much irony about the guy has "yellow fever" and "liking" an article I shared about online dating and race fetishes.
umm like 3 math classes a study hall English theatre theology
I prefer his maya angelouesque G0T ANY FEET PIC WHITE TRASH
Thank you so much! We appreciate all the help we get from sponsors to tweets :)
you know when you look at something, then you get pissed off because you looked at it? yeah just did that, fucking rad.
Calling all Honeywell security installers! We can save you money on equipment and help you build your business. Call us at 866.364.0030
I meant to reply. Yes....and I loved the 99 problems jayz remix lol
where have u been????
Fantastic, Fantastic Job. So Proud of Our City. ONLY (and I mean ONLY) downside: warming zones in SB Village are ineffective
Graphic and Web Design folks: What font management program do you use? FontExplorer X is giving me massive troubles lately.
Happy Easter to everyone! Who's going Easter Egg hunting?!
How soon to #teach kids, students about Bullying Prevention?? As EARLY as possible.
Cody has the coolest grandma ever
Tracy Morgan's apologies accepted - but how about casting a reoccurring gay character on 30 Rock? Perhaps ?
Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
I tried to update the email in my profile, but the change doesn't stick. Perhaps its an issue with 'sign in with google'?
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Gamma Xi chapter at Western Michigan Univ on April 21, 1951!
You have to check out our latest breaking story about Cal Ripken. We'll have some video up on Monday as well.
What's the difference in wearing your bra and underwear in public if you can wear a bikini ?
Take my side, come on , you know you can:)
haha how is that supposed to help you get to sleep? Or cool you down lol
Our NEW LAKEVIEW location is OPEN daily til 9pm...Pick-Up, Delivery or Dine-in!!! Come Get Curried Away!!!
Today was a Brian Eno day.
went skydiving. Had a picnic on the beach. Pedicure. Now looking 4 a happy hour. L's b'day
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 5/26/11 2-3 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP:63°F
this hurts but I appreciate you being sassy enough to tell me to my sass
Where's my motivation
Enjoying our new social media tool: - A great tool for entry to professional social media marketing.
pretty much
First panel at #uniteforum includes superintendents from Fresno , , , ,
$10 microchip can reunite you with your pet. Stop by Indy Animal Care & Control during normal business hours. No appt necessary!
I can't make her change her mind, is what I'm trying to say.
He Flavio... I hope you like this demo
LoveDrug back to Dallas!!
who are you too judge me-.-
cAll me
I don't think my "raw food only" diet is really going to work until all my snacks are gone from my work space...
runaway love, with ludacris, is such a sad song :'(
Part 1 of the 4 part mixtape series droppin next week. All leading up to our 2nd full LP "And Then There Was 2". Austin, your in for a treat
I'm so pissed now.
Oh no! I might have to make a stop in visit for you sometime soon then.
"In our journey through life, we have obstacles to overcome. It is these experiences that shape you to be the person you are."
RT : Organizing to do what's right doesn't always work, but it's the only thing that ever has a chance.
Hooray, no new hashtag needed!
Man being Nice 2 people gets U Nowhere! Wow shit crazy! About 2 turn yall BitchAsses 2 dust touch by the GHOST.
o please share!!!
China’s military warns of confrontation over seas
When'd you get him/her? Name?
oh... Well that's a plus. How bad of a head hit was it? I'm at work, missed it
Follow Friday
oh yeah? Lol
You could forge my signature by dropping a pen onto a piece of paper.
I don't want to work today :l today feels weird ugh >:(
Get Money Go Home
What's the over/under on Lou Pinella going ape shit in the broadcast booth?
Not sure how it works. Not sure GMs do either, as CG kept talking about still learning new things about CBA in presser..,
I am gonna miss that little dude with the model wife. #Hollande is not real pro-USA we have to start ordering Freedom Fries.
Happy birthday to me (:
I hate how you act around them. You treat me differently and you don't even care.
Friday... what does that mean?
New blog post : 10 Foods That Make You Slim
every second i spend with you is a second i wouldn't want to trade for anything in this world.
hey Jillian, always great to have you!
I'm good
Where others nurse a cuppa coffee… MT : been given half a cup of liquid nitrogen. Plan to do pointless food tricks all night.
Another #Christmas in Washington DC this year. Can't wait!
I saw it when we met, at New Port Beach Film Fest last year.
is that static html?
Man today was heavy .
It's really fun being random. Rhinoceros.
There seems to be some system issues w/the Daily news I submit. I may need to stop the service. FYI.
that to the boys
“If A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y and Z, with X being work, Y play, and Z keeping your mouth shut.”
Even more awesome? The fact that half of the library participants have received lay-off notices but they're still so dedicated!
So proud of and heard they did amazing at the Billboard Music Awards...Respect and Love them #TrueFan <3
Hahahahahaha yeah buddy
looking behind the scenes and thinking modern day Malcolm Cecil & Bob Margouleff's.
RT : I know right!! LOL!!! I'm proud of you bro!!!!!!! Keep working hard and staying humble bro!!// Likewise bro!!
does he go to our school? :D
If you are at #SXSW come on by our booth
Even on sunny days it rains on my deck.
Happy New Year from - thanks for a great year! Remember to drive safe tonight!
2NITE "THE JACKIE SPEAKS RADIO SHOW" IS LIVE AT 8PM WITH HOSTESS AND MUSIC BY ON
Think That I'll come running back baby you don't know me cause your dead wrong.
Snow in Chicago tried to stop me (or my plane); so far I am hovering over Dallas...
Caprario to Lead Art Van Warehousing, Distribution Steve Caprario has joined Art Van Furniture as vice president of warehousing and distr
Men can be so difficult!
What do you love doing the most? (:
Drinking Chinese Pu-er Tea may also help enhance blood circulation by boosting the flow.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold; but so does a hard-boiled egg.- Unknown
#reasonsThatImSingle because is not.
I just found out that my son and daughter in law are expecting their first child and I will then be a Grandma for the first time :)
"acting" like a manager? RT : Clint Hurdle “: Which player has delivered Sunday's top performance so far? #MLBFC”
Watched your movie bout 20 times and it still hasn't gotten old
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 42
Bald is beautiful
Indeed. It's not a "recreational activity." Fluke discussed birth control pills used to treat a medical condition.
Hannah Montana the movie <3
I don't want to know. I prefer to think of it as magic, rather than learn it's actually something disgusting or mundane.
- Clearly my alarm clock is Jealous of my relationship with my bed.
holy shit, have you never heard of the Weather Channel before? Or the web?
60/40 Astros...“: So, I need some predictions for tomorrow night's Astros fan to Rangers fan ratio.”
Responded to FIRE @ 773 Maple St, Brooklyn, NY 11203 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I really want to date a pro basketball player....or just someone whose reallyy tall 👆😌
Oh how sad.
Basically, I'm a fearless, independent bitch on the internet & a shy, friendly slut in real life.
yeb, got one. Mostly like it for wake up and activity remainders, also like where their stats are heading :)
#DBUalum--It's the last home game of the season! Who will be there to watch the beat the OSU Pokes? Spread the word!
Love late-night chats with & "Magic Stick" playing in the background
How tight would it be if every major city's Subway lines played music from that city? You'd get around and get musical history lessons.
What heaven must look like...... thanks for sharing.... have fun!
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
That'd be great. I'll pay for it with the lottery money I'm going to win after being selected to swim at the London...
Do you know why you need special Yoga Pants to practice Yoga?
tweet deck info continued..Works like a charm for managing more than one account too.
“: What does "Aloha" mean to you?” It means "my honeymoon" in 2 weeks at your hotel!
. "Past performance is no guarantee of future results" :)
Its war. Niggas betta strap up. Kissing condoms at ur local CVS RT : Can't kiss everyone in the mouth. It's real outchea
today was great! hungout with my friends i had a blast with Henryy nd Karisa :)
Got my hotel booked fo south padre cant wait its goinnnn down 2 king size beds whoop whoop
Welcome to #Tucson! The summers are hot, BUT not humid. Plus, the monsoons are pretty awesome. Where did you move from?
I love you girl!Your the best!!!!!!(:
whats worse the toddler or bikram??
Indeed! Well said.
Not true. Reggie miller is one of the best to play the game and he never won one
hey hey hey what up
It's a win-win! RT : I'd appreciate it also. i just don;t have time to post everything that i want to.
#mentionyourcrush some people might not be talking after this shit.
It could be a DIY project :)
I was thinking the same thing! get Al on the line!
- if we are, we want to probably get things purchased/ordered soon.
so what are your plans for today
S/O 2 the friends at SKAR. Gr8 2 see u at the
CAN SOMEONE KNOCK THIS JERKOFF NEIL OUT!?!?!? WTF #NYR!! DO SOMETHING!!!
G-20 meeting (another one) gives talking heads a chance to pretend things are under control, and try to keep markets at bay a bit longer.
#Instagram - naedemolish & I do follow back!
Aww,Mr Seacrest, My Parents are Dentist and They really enjoy ur new Pro Picture !;)
I haven't had much luck recently, dropped my phone down the toilet and now it doesn't work
Happy to share the twitter skies! Thanks for the connection!
Sweet, I get to go to a meeting at the Old Executive Office Bldg. Never been there. Plus, gets me out of my office's All Hands meeting.
This time next week, you all will have hopefully seen my debut music video, Down...stoked!!
Passion breeds success.
Do you think they are also going to sing the Candian National Anthem?
ABDC is on!!:O I am very Happy!!:))) gshshxbsuskdnuzkagxy! OMG
I'm sick. (Not lyme related) thanks for asking how are you? I love you mom!
We have so many eggs from our farm share so I'm gonna make a souffle tonight and get rid of them.
just watched the #JEdgar media screening directed by Clint Eastwood, starring #LeonardoDicaprio as #Hoover. It’s a good movie… not great.
It's Square Dance Day! "I did pretty good for a guy who never finished high school and used to yodel at square dances."---Roy Rogers ;)
if we do somehow loose this series LA is still working hard.
Going to get meds refilled. Oh joy.
I'm going to stand by my decision to drink before the gym. In fact, I think everyone should do it.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!57
Seattle couple committed to taking home, well, home - The Seattle Times
Fish friday! What should I pick up at the store ???
I was not a slut tonight! I'm a 201 them xD
I could not understand what this old man was saying.
Excited about them playing I'm in ,"Too Much Drama, To Stay Focused". By Earl Singleton
How? I want to like her but its like all I've seen is the bad
over it
what it do
now that was just. wow. ;)
Great fuel prices! ...........Thanks alot Obama bin Laden !
I doubt they will. This however does signify the end of Paterno's coaching career. Heads will roll all the way up the chain.
miss u!
hm , I'm bored now.
1D Come Home is trending and I kinda agree with it... the boys need a little bit of a break, at least. they work so hard!
its the truth ladies chill
Thanks Arleen, great to connect with you.
so if you love me baby this is how you let me know, don't ever let me go, that's how you'll let me know baaybaay ♥
It's not so difficult to get used to.
Best wishes and much success! RT : I am leaving the Free Press to be a senior writer for Sports Illustrated
Life is like a piano. What you get depends on how you play it.
i aint got shit goin on! LD asked me if e wanted to do a diss battle so get on
Doctors lawyers accountants
UGH! Just got the files man. Wow. Well worth the wait. THANK YOU! Classic
$2.50 today! Quarter pound Polish and Reg Beef!! Try my new spicy chipotle n fennel ketchup!
Love is not just a word, its wat 2 people share together
or "chocolate" or "cookies" RT : I forget -- does the "C" in JISC stand for "cake" or "cats"?
I think you meant *< RT : Girls that bitch about guys not texting them > sometimes y'all gotta take the risk & text him!
I'm from #Bieberland :D what about you :)))
we had a great info session last night! #Can'tWait for auditions & the start of classes!! :) #TSStudioRocks!
Hey Kevin, hope you had a fun time! How'd you do?
And THANKS! :) There is also a GLBTQ Friendly Merengue Lesson. We'll be promoting on Homo Radio this Sunday Jan 1st!
LOL - Yeah.... I was browing the geeks on FBDork.com when my stuff went down. Stupid timewarner
Busy day at ! Interviews with and !
On my self esteem boosting mission at the State Fair.
my guess would be a little chilly!
Love the soup lol
only cuz the Wendy's line was too long
Did I ever tell you that having road rage is such an attractive feature? :)
I'm not worried about your mom & dad boyfriend/fiance brother or sisters. It's your fat friends & Chris Hanson who scare me.
Good morning my friends. Hope to see you at the meeting tonight :-)
Our students really enjoyed attending the opening at last night!
DS: Welcome to #Baltimore &
What's your favorite animal?
Adrenaline has rehearsal this afternoon. We'll be learning new songs for Wet Willie's on Beale St. this Friday.
lies lies liess
I read your bio ... but you're on the path! You'll get there :)
Hi Stan, ty for the follow interesting blog
id like to see T in the park someday
:( no worse feeling than knowing you never come first
TSA agent was surprised and annoyed that I wanted to know *where* he was going to touch me before he did it.
extraordinarily so... RT : newt = fundamental loser
Shall we sprint?
you wanna go! You gotta go!
If that was any indication of the future BRING THAT SHIT ON!
what the test bout like landforms or etc.?
In the end, people are the only defensible competitive advantage.
Again I don't hide behind a keyboard. Not afraid. You can't intimate me. You're acting tough on Twitter hypocrite
we are all set for tomorrow tweeple: speaker,dancer,boombox, coffee, donuts, social media will make for an awesome breakfast tomorrow
Best place to get free stuff in Madison...play the game !
But your Canadian! Lol your supposed to be good at anything snowish lol
Half a Club Sandwich from Raffery's #winning :-)
im at work :p bored as fuckkkk u!?
The Social Express will be a sponsor for the Flawless Foundation event held at Fred Segal in Santa Monica December 8th. What a great cause!
also, you're not following me. :( and Ang doesn't have one..
On my way to BAND PRACTICE!!! :)
"Aviators are for cops. Wayfarers are for Tom Cruise. i imagine you a young Tom Hanks. Red Wayfarers are where it's at. Look for them, Ben."
#MyCelebCrushIs D Wade
#10thingsthatannoyme 7. when no one answers my question.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
I so agree, I have refused to watch any and all shows that give GG air time.
thanks do much for watching and for supporting business women!
I promise I made that last tweet up even though I'm now aware roughly a million people made it up before me.
I love it!!! You're so ready for Summer!!
today is so nice and quiet
I'll suck dick for an invite to that party text me
Same here. I'm going to also chew doublemint gum all day.
I saw the rats brain lmao xD
#DidYouKnow? Choosing a gas storage water heater that has earned the rating can save you $$
On the road
That cute jeep broken down on the interstate is mine..
Any chance that Joe Jonas, Jennifer Love Hewitt or Susan Lucci will recur more often?
Scorps on repeat, all day every day.
On a quest for Raaaawwrrr shoes lol
Shit just blew the fuck outta me. Hoping the rest of my day goes better.
": I Know you will .lol"You wnt to meet some where so i can kill you
“: Yep sounds about right...doesn't it and ??RT : #Gemini is the life of the party.” SOTRUE
hey now...we'll do fine without him (faithful fan/season ticketholder hope here, ha)!
": is following me! O lawdy! She rides a wave of swag into the universe. Me = #fangirl"haha thank you!
I have had 45 minutes to myself this morning. In silence. It feels heavenly.
Sad reality. My video camera gets more compliments than i do hahaha
With a doubt,
Oh, I wish I was in France right now. This election is amazing. #Hollande!
libra fo life
You're single? Didn't know that. Or, is that a quote?
Only you would guess c*m when you see a picture of a big yellow bus! Lol!
PEOPLE ARE SO DRAMATIC. NOONE CARES.
how do u like new York my homeland
It's been a hell of a day and it's not even 4 yet
89 fans away from some super cool giveaways to celebrate hitting 20k!
Whitney Houston dead at 48. What a loss! What a voice! What a shame!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles She's Just Not That Into You
I am back in ATL! :) I play tonight in north GA.... :)
Good Morning East Coast!
I'm Scurred.
OH: I'm pretty sure I've never thought negatively of Dairy Queen. <-- Truth
Maybe I can stay awhile....I'm talking about all the time.
Hope they have a kill switch.
lol my other tweet was for u too lol come over I mean
TATI SAYS THANKS FOR ALL THE FAN MAIL AND LOVE SHE IS RECEIVING FOR HER SONG LOL
this Monday?
awesome guest speaker -- students loved you!
fixed RT : not sure if that's sarcasm or not? i tried listening a few weeks ago. i got 20 seconds into it and wanted to dance!!!!!!
Starting a gardening series @ beasilyscorner.blogspot.com. You live in the city? I'll address that, too.
I NEVER thought I'd be in this position again..:(
": No regrets, just lessons learned.Life would be a lot easier if I could put my feelings and thoughts into words."
Create meaningful, shared experiences. Get involved in church, volunteer, or pray together. You'll bond on a deeper level.
Al Lewis: Mortgage broker fights lender folly
I'm sleepy!!! :/ hope today things will go better... with EVERYTHING
sounds great
Looks like a useful original purpose. Given the passive aggressive comments I get on LibGuides already not sure can take any more.
Food! I knew I forgot something today! Had plenty of coffee today though.
ha!ha!! More of a meeting than date+ it makes life all the more interesting;) c u sat sistah
Headache day 2. Tried coffee, water, gatorade, vitamins, food, Aleve, aspirin, and singing my face off, to no avail. Guess it's a tumor.
Nope. Vinny has done enough of that for us.
Do it!
where did you find it?
yes sir ;)
RT : : A1: Accepting that I deserve to Happy, Healthy and Successful.
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU
Tonight catch Al and Jenny playing w/ The Black Sands and supporting Jesse LaMonaca's album release 9pm.
I will be headlining a FREE show this Sunday at Bottle Rock in Culver City down the street from Sony Studios. Show starts at 7 PM and...
My Mum Got A Massage There ^________^.
awkward 👃 (that's a nose for any of you non emoji phones)
what up D Fish lol!
I got staff infection ;(
Why can't school just be over. It's a waste of time now.
“: I sustained a ping pong injury today. Who does that?!” If not drinking, one can tense up leading to embarrassing injury
I think it's Etats-Unis.
Awww, shoot ;) So YOU are the "especially you ;) x x x x" mysterious girl! WOO!
When there's no Cap'n Crunch at home what do you do? Go to girlfriends appt. and eat hers. Hah
Dude, I dig your stuff. Seriously.
indeed. This was definitely a cheese question.
Only fifteen minutes, hurry up! Come learn How to Build "To Go" and "Shelter in Place" kits in the Kyle Morrow room
I <3 Kenny from south park :3
Listening to Quincy jones exploration of Henry mancini CD. Loving the orchestration. Merry Christmas all.
Thanks, and sorry, I guess?
the week we we're on vacation killed my queue. I have 10hrs of commute a week which helps.
Tomorrow is my last day of school as a senior . It's over forever !
Your amazing(: Love iconic boyz <3
Finnick Odair just needs to get casted. I need to love him forever like right now.
looks like i'm not doing anything tonight. thanks mom.
#forgottenartists JoJo- leave(get out) and Too Little Too Late.
Well, that's not the only reason. It was also very cold. Kinda racist, but VERY COLD!
RT : Show ur #ProjectStyle love & let the Twitterverse know about it. Tweet #ProjectStyle & help us represent!
#TwSIG Using mobile devices to report twitter in fieldwork for environmental classes.
So over all this bullshit. I can't wait to get out of high school. Fuckin' aye.
We hear that DC Film Alum& Instructor is moving to LA. Our loss for sure, but LA is going to be very lucky. We'll miss you!
RT : Is Halloween a good time to teach your children about taxes? For every 10 you get, you need to pay your parents 4....
You best sing David Bowie w/all your heart.
So excited to relax tonight and I will try my best to not feel guilty about it!
Taking the stage tonight at the Comedy Store @ 8pm. . . All I can think about is a way to eat a banana without making me look like a slut.
YES! Might make me run for the hills and keep the std's away!
i cried a little bit earlier today. We take him back in an hour. This is much harder the second time.
what's up David! Nice to see you on the twitters!
Chicagoland Mini Motoring Club at Culver's, 2500 Ogden Av, Downers Grove today from 5pm to hang out, meet up and eat frozen custard. See ya!
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit. Anonymous
Thanks for the mention
Really introspective interview w Donna Summer--> so glad we had a 'Last Dance' w you
I got a free extra sandwich from yesterday when they were closing and just had it for dinner at work. Still good the next day.
LEDs last 50 times longer than incandescent lighting and 10 times longer than fluorescent.They also require less maintenance.
And you fell victim to my failed attempt to establish lists. I do better with chaos!
So, the furry thing was on his knees making a wailing noise. he looked at my puzzled face and said: "What? I am a dog."
No question about integrating mobile is considered to be "dumb". Are you considering a mobile strategy in your marketing mix, we can help.
Let's go Skins!!!
Can summer start already? I miss my $500 paychecks.
GUD MORNING FACEBOOK ! HAVE A GOOD 1 FAM !!!!!!! LATER
As a child sbusr survivor, I would like to thank you for one day eradicating abuse from our society.
#Teaparty blind ideology hates Gov't to extreme of giving all power to corps. Scewed thinking.
it says a lot about your living situation when stripping starts to sound like a viable career option. dude, they make tons of $$.
google us BOCK STARZ ENTERTAINMENT and LIKE our facebook page
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
I'm blasting my music so I won't hear my thoughts, but the lyrics just remind me of what I'm trying to forget.
salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch
Yes! Take flight :0) RT : wow word travels far!! Lol! But yeah I'm having a blast! 6 more shows!!!
Please discourage your friends from outside of Madison from coming to Mifflin this year
please follow me <3 i love u and your smile :) tanks
If you watched Conan the first time, you can tune in again to see Ed play very soon!
Home run derby all day!!
Awesome sales at our kiosk in the Wa Sq mall. Come check us out right in front of Nordstroms. Xmas is only a week away, so get some Lunatik
I'd love to connect with some more mamas with ADHD or parents of kids with ADHD
I'm speechless! good thing Im typing! pleased to Tweet you!
Thanks for the RT, great weekend to you
We're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
Kaitlyn's ears are happy and so are we! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer. Happy 4th to you and yours!
Thank you so much for the compliment and for providing support to small NM businesses!
Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's. #Audrey Hepburn
i thought only old ppl eat their cereal that way :\ not calling you old tho! Lol
Hollywood, stop giving movies such long names. These box office fullscreens are getting too cluttered. Also, I still hate VizRT.
we'll evaluate product lines after the holiday season is over. Many of the kits are in clearance & will not be carried any longer.
YEAH BUDDY!!!
what a day. what a day. what a day.
Let's chat more, but I'm game, & interested in hearing things you guys do out there. Commencement is 5/12 but I can make it work.
wow thanks for the code!
I haven't read it yet, but his other stuff is about as far from that as Deleuzian criticism can be.
Sports talk radio drives me nuts. I'm thinking, shut up and let's play!
glad you dig your shirt - it was great hanging & talking today! - s
i'm overwhelmed how good Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl was. It's a love story for the ages, from beginning to end.
Any suggestions for a good dinner spot around Islamorada?
thank God everyone is ok...
DANG :O. Its 11:57 (night time Hahaha) Here!!!!
3.9 gpa your final semester of college?!? you are showing me up big time with everything else you do too
thanks again for a great night of food and karaoke
Slightly sleepy now, afternoon nap first!!! Ugh.
My kid came home with her 1st note from the teacher..I'll read it after the boys play. Go Cowboys!!
was the hug better today <3 lol
Good times at lesbian high
Huntsy: A Smart Dashboard for Your Job Search
new website coming!
My niece Sophie just asked me where the #girlscouts get all of their
Obama promotes manufacturing during Milwaukee speech
hahahaha enjoying this conversation immensely
great day you?^^^
God has an elevation plan for your life!!!
You can lead a horse to Sailor Jerry but you can't make him think!
Let's make one thing clear, he still tested positive for awesome.
I guess you only truly love once.
Congrats on your baby, my wife and I are also expecting. We play ur records all the time..
Dick Clark died?
at the verizon center.
LOL, was it wrong that I was hoping he would strike out during his last AB to make it 0 for 20? Instead he walked. Stupid non AB.
remember register early for May Day for $20.00. MPOA will be BBQ Tri-Tip and DSA will be doing their beans!
I got my mojo back baby aw behave!
you and me both Fam!
I'm great! You seem like have a pretty awesome band!
are you going to be in ANC this year?
Hello! Back from #London-- was cold and rainy... had fun but now i'm glad to be home in #Chicago where it's sunny and warm!
getting a giant headache...
Nonetheless, it was a thought-provoking tweet.
We're thinking of you all - stay safe!!!
I'm wearing a hat. It's an imaginary hat. It's the color of comfort and scented with lavender.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3o
I don't want this best buy giftcard, is it weird to try and sell it out front of the store?
Responded to FIRE @ 2070 Grand Concourse, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 18 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Pitching a perfect game against the Mariners is as impressive as scoring 14 on the Red Sox.
cleaning my room for the first time since i moved in.
What cool project are you working on today?
My friend and I kept screaming we love you during softball practice<3 ! #yee follow baack(: ?
got it
CRASH: Powell @ Hogan in Gresham
are you my father? I don't think so
Tebow! Tebow! Tebow! I'm on one knee, fist to forehead!
N when she calls I act as if I dnt knw who it is lol
I got you sis
Prom is in two days. This can not be happening right now 😣 #uhoh 😳
also I found out some of my friends in their mid 20s have no idea what a cervix is
I just got invited to a Manhattan roof top party for Cinco De Mayo on Saturday. I can't wait! What will you all be doing?
#followfriday Follow these guys and they will follow you back!
nice goals in your description. thanks for the follow.
A looongg night of homework whoop whoop!
I can't argue with that.
“ Who else want a shout out #RT THIS”
I miss everything about him. But he hates me. I can't imagine hating him for good.
This is all very nice but I'm willing to bet it won't be Angels/Marlins in the World Series
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. - Thomas Jefferson
This, despite the fact I actually came in and *upgraded*-- trusting that Comcast would make it right
so jealous you're at #SpringTraining!
Only two features yet to program and a mobile app then will be ready to launch. Hitting a time crunch now.
Excellent! Keep up the great work and congratulations on the big milestone!
manic panic is vegan.
Everything we ignore costs us in mental time, space and weight. All while we think we are ignoring it.
I have a taste for a catfish dinner...
I know you know, I got your heart pumping. I know you know, we know we got something (;
Anyone know why Man U was wearing black arm bands today vs West Brom?
#freestuff pick me :)
what up blackie
Mustard wins.
Don't you love it when it says you have an unread messege, but when you look theres nothing?
please please please follow back?? ;))**
I did the the rope climb at the beach. Thanks, P90x!
Also, if you're in New Orleans, I'm going on the radio at around 1:45 to talk #Hornets rebranding RE: #Wizards rebranding.
I do not like green eggs & ham - but I love green glaze donuts! Celebrate Saint Patrick's day with us and try one of these yummy new treats!
"is there any love" came on @ the bar in Chicago
Just a heads up, my previous tweet was not a subtweet because subtweeting is fucking retarded.
Heyy! How was your day? I Love You too! xoxo
Me to soon as this heffa get out my kitchen so I can get to my private stock. RT : I need a drink
Thinking about #Luck, and can't shake the awful Massive Attack opening credits. Would've preferred Nick Nolte singing Way Down in the Hole.
But that's a top three school.
i feel like the unnecessary conversation amongst some women is what gets us in trouble like wtf does one's lacefront got to do with you?
raiders dmac? Seriously? Carson palmer?
Pleased it was only a 4hr delay! About 2 set off. Will b cutting it fine 2 make connection frm JFK 2 salt lake tho!
Welcome back!
#WeWontWork if you have a bad personality or no sense of humor.
Director, Writer, & Producer...
I hate girls that smoke cigarettes.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Thu, 21:50 PST
Focus=do "one" thing, Excellence= do one thing well, Motivation=do the one thing well to love & serve others.
In Atlanta, 760 Frenchmen / women voted in today's elections- 65% for #Sarkozy, only 35% for #Hollande. Seems to be the trend across the US
yw= your welcome
Rene, STOP reading news stories about animal cruelty. You knew it was going to make you cry, and now you're 10 min behind on work & upset.
#idol - Joshua has a great voice and the song was heartfelt but as usual he reverts back to screaming too much.
Sunny But Cold Really.?!
Hey we're 5 minutes into Happy Hour- are you ready for your weekend to begin? What's your favorite way to start your Friday?
He just told me I'll be off the market soon. Seriously?
Good Morning, Happy New Year's Eve, Eve! 2012 is your year!
I love that you use wax earplugs in Starbucks...
Very excited to work on the remaining wedding paper components for !
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
even for Black Tie and Boots ball?
At work tired and bored ...blah
So your saying I'm dumb for getting that for Bc I was thinking about getting her another one? Whatever you say I'll do
Good morning 😜
No problemo - I always appreciate your tweets & thoughts, ArthurG!
the twitter pond is fetid this morning with expletives...why do people feel the need to express themselves so cheaply & rudly?
Almost done with the semester! ready for summer!its gonna be sick!:D
You forgot to add my name for the topps archive box.
Bwahaha! Welcome to hell. Next thing you know, you'll be attending a dinner party.
its fun:)
RT : We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER.
Woo woo!
it will be on the radio streetz 106 Friday night
Also, Hawaii at Air Force will be on ESPN2.
We love Wednesdays because kicks off in just two more days! Make today count!
So I have no class today and I dont work.. why the hell am I up so early? oh well, might as well be productive
Many of our members are on Twitter! Follow
KING PLOW = WIN EVERYTIME!!!
Thanks again Nicole Hewitt for selecting to be shown at DC's Afro-Brazilian Arts & Cultural Festival!
imma do that too!
I'd love to read a blog post on that!
its my friends bday at el sitio tonight!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Why is it that I want to put a red bow in 's her hair and dress her up like GILLY.
I don't like you.
Look at the lineup on #ESPLin It's all #jeremeylin #allthetime I predict again #NBA finds a way to get him into #allstargame festivities
I'm trying hard to spread awareness (just awareness, seems easy enough) can I get a RT (since every1 else is, I want one 2)
End of the top of the 6th, OLLU and BC tied at 1.
i dnt understand how you cn drink but whn i smoke, all hell breaks loose.
I really don't know why I'm around in today's world. I must've been someone in the 1950's and part or all of their soul remains in me today.
Sure man. I think I can help you out.
