T-raw, skinny nigga big balls >;D
Falcons are taking Peter Konz. Would've been a coup if he slipped to 60 and #Ravens got Upshaw and Konz.
Four local favorites to #FF:
Never had trouble bull-shitting a paper on a book I never read. It's worked for dozens of papers … until this one.
aw thanks. Just remember, if you drink, don't drive, do the watermelon crawl.
THANK YOU!
is there a hastag?
Great tip RT Be sure to give your body a rest between workouts.for example: don't work the chest two days in a row.
Why is the bar so empty? Oh, wait.
Attention...I have the dream role Assistant Controller for a straight Big 4 experienced Manager or light Senior Manager or combo public and…
the only reason I agree with this is because I belive in the difference of a hoe n bish:))ahoeahoe4nothinbitchabitchgetinrich
My phone is on random song selection but keeps picking Wayne songs......i immediately took it of random and started picking my own songs
How about some jewelry for mom for Mother's Day? Feel free to use coupon code, "Facebook10" for 10% off your purchase in my Etsy shop.
Annoyingly, I got stuck in traffic and couldn't make it. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow.
xbox time byotchesss ~ (;
twitter should thank me for being inactive last night...that could've been bad
Apearantly my good friend ashley toms life is a story bitch.....add her on facebook
And we smoke that KUSH and we ball like swoosh
Ron Artest: supreme douche of the highest level.
damn snitch not popping at all. Well I don't know him so I am cool
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Joining the gym so I can go back to skinny dipping, not chunky dunking.
“: Tapping parked cars like ” yeaahhhh buddy!
Just a joke...Old people at weddings alwayz poke me and say "You Are Next" So, I started doing the same thing to them at funeralz.
Thanks I'll check that out
Your work is amazing.
she's fucking amazing
support our close friends at noisefest tomorrow!! and !!
SECCA is getting spruced up for the grand opening of "Out of Fashion" Thursday, Nov. 3, from 7 - 10 pm. FREE. Join us.
okay but guitar and singing aren't learned easily! : )
I know one thing. Amare gotta go.
Once again my faith is renew'd in the total shady evilness of corporate software vendors. It's great to watch them make stuff up on the fly.
Its friday!!!i know im late,but lets celebrate!!!!
regular yoga teacher at the Y was in an accident and hurt her hand. we had a sub today, but she's not a yoga teacher. frustration ensued.
": Next week I will visit your club myself, and 2 of my sisters We love Karaoke" ok, im going to hold u to that
Miranda is Our Queen ♡
To San Diego this am with & for mom's 91st BDay.
so do I.
i do my thing but and do EVERYTHING!
There's nothing like a hug from a pup!! :)
We have such a shitty coach
Where are you going now???
that would be great - I wish I was somewhere where the sun was out and warmer than 60º
-- thank you thank you!
At this point, the driver is allowed under state regulations to stop the mumbo-jumbo and drive in silence....
Has any rebup president overturned Roe vs. Wade? No. I stopped being a one issue voter a long time ago.
RT's R mystical RT : RT'd your tweet about the nu CD then opened today's mail and received the Nu CD Coincidence?
Ploting the move for tonight!
Thank you for the RT!
The minute Byrd was thrown out at the plate I saw this coming
How 'bout those Ravens, Dr. Bob? Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. - Julius Erving
love your daily emails! Truly a blessing to receive! :-)
Brenda Ueland~ Since you are like no other being ever created since the beginning of time you are incomparable.
Logic? Awesome.
what's the use in PRIVATELY loving a Woman? Unless you're trying to publicly screw other Women
Stop by Bounce with ur watch and take a pic with ur waitress and tweet to to enter 2 win a free swatch watch!
Expecting to see a lot of girls dressed up at school tomorrow.
just let me know the dates and we'll make it happen. any chance for tommie vs johnnie 10/1/11?
speaking of, cope southern blend is coming out soon
Thank you Shady Lady for the awesome parking spot!!! Let's rock this Friday night Gypsy Style!!!
Where did all these gay ppl come from?•_• ill tell u where! They feel out the sky!
how 'bout a marketing coordinator?
I think Obama is west side
The responsibility of leadership is one of shaping others’ lives, hopefully for the better. – Delorese Ambrose
Thank you for the follow! :)
#FF to my favorite #Branding brains: and
#iWillNeverTrust someone that doesn't pay back when they said they were going to..
Can't wait to buy the album of one direction <33333
Absolutely. I'll DM you my number.
Happy Birthday to !
shouldnt be surprised by being ditched by you sloth. watching #TheFirm without you.
I avoided that one, now glad I did
You are not the only one! I hate it too!
You know I hate it when the family is decent to each other!
TY for the RT and interest. I am for patient safe effective health care. Data integrity is the key to a successful project!
The young man, James Massoon, on The Voice isn't helping himself by wearing his hair like Veronica in the Archie comics
Day 3 of the 4 cat household. The visitors are making themselves at home, but the residents are still having hissing fits.
Wish more players were like Dustin Pedroia. He brings great attitude to the field every day and has a ton of confidence in himself.
Hahaha. I had a few drinks. But they were some wack hoes. Disperse wack hoes!
ElkCaribouMoose, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trent Lockett is transferring to Marquette per an ASU release. Was the Sun Devils leading scorer last year.
Niall Is Sexy Dancing La Macarena :) MUST SEE
march 31 at manhattan's!
reordered some Little Green Monster and Winter EPs...Can't believe I ran out! Thanks for your support everyone!
i miss you a little!
just made it inside the building. Boy the AC feels nice. Naca mortgage fair.
It'll be back terrible in a year or so...#Honest RT : West lawn look like its almost done....
Booked! and I are going to Belize in march.
Heard Josh Hamilton is headed to after the #Orioles game.
Less than 10 hours and I'm gunna be on the road(:
Learning how to make a awesome salad dressing . 👍☺
I'm into the Cobb salad -- and the popcorn.
It's supposed to thunderstorm today... ):
Nicholas restaurant on grand.. three words... dee.lish.us.
I made my ringtone the Hunger Games Mockingjay call. :)
does anyone have imessage for their ipod touch and wanna text? ~~~
i hav famous ppl who r followin me but i dont even kno who dey r :P
Spent afternoon looking through International Pen records showing how they helped exiled Hungarian writers after failed 1956 revolution.
It hurts.
Since when did novice teams not switch sides?
LibrarySkills has drawn a winner of Kindle Fire - Maria L. Gonzales - Roosevelt HS - pick up from booth
I think you have a beautoful body and beautiful face to be a model I wish to help make your dreams come true someday
The Town Car is currently the largest sedan available for sale in the North American market
still working on the roadless rule and selling mountaineer books. See our site for more details www.wawild.org
emphasis on good
game starting!!!
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
it was worth a try!
Good bye UAE :') OFF to Seattle
Can you guys do me a favor and follow please? She's super nice and she LOVES her followers <3 143
Good Morning Farm friends, start your week off right and come by to pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!!
be careful! Praying for you all!
He is trash as an umpire. That's the other thing about him, His mouth is just as bad as his umpiring.
i Dislike he's on some wierd stuff, thats why i dislike that guy.
I love how your blog speaks to mothers around the world about always continuing to look fabulous
Boris is going to spinning at Pacha on the 28th next week not this weekend hun
hey! we are now officially the first "real" characters in the flat stanley flatter world - flat grannies on safari. www.flatterworld.com.
cranking this week.... cranking
I'm gonna need the internet to spam 's twitter & FB to convince her to come home from work & have a game night w/ me.
#10WaysToDie If you wont even look at me when you talk to me.
Now that the meth-dealing Malcolm in the Middle dad look alike is gone, I don't know what to do with my life.
That is a great idea! Now to find a time that works for all of us!
Hi guys, great to be connected with you.. Totally love your music ~ be in touch soon
Let's go
Thank you for helping us spread the word! :)
OH: I feel like I learned not to pee on an electric fence. It doesn't feel good.
Rainbow In the Dark, by far one of my fave Dio songs! \m/
how many beers did it take you to come up with that
that would be so 2012. this will be the set to Anchorman 3 - 5.
#FarmersMarket Milwaukee Come visit Jerry.
A pox on louts who use a chair - in a place with chair shortage (think Starbucks) - to stow handbag, briefcase, etc.
Have you tried the freshly made Crepes yet? Come into Provence On 21st Ave. this weekend and enjoy some for brunch!
Yes, love it! The myth that libraries are quiet could be fun to test, too.
that's a long commute, but not sedentary in the slightest!
eye catching
Could i have a shoutout? Please? C':
what you wtfing at woman
We have not, how do we go about it? Is there an email to best contact you at?
Why is Mourinho starting the exact same side that deservedly lost to Bayern? Conetrao is again gonna get eaten alive.
What a beautiful day!!! Who wants to play outside?!?
i dont see much room for competition, they already lost...
Lord Coward totally looks like Seneca Crane.
Thanks for the Retweet OsteoA You rock!! :):)
Q3 it sync the computer to your TV input if you have an adapter
Reportedly, just broke GitHub.
Guy in the gym in what can only be described as hot pants has mentally ruined me day.
Lets get drunk and forget what we did.
same...nd no my mom wouldn't let me get one ):
Another wasted night of watching #bucks basketball. Two hours of my life,ill never retrieve..
#ThingsThatBotherMe dishonesty. People just need to admit their mistakes and move on. It's easy to say you were wrong than to lie about it.
Feeling Achievement-y, so we are having our next Oakland restaurant meal at Lucca!
One yummy, scruffy Alaska man but married :( at the gym tonight (sad) but doesn't hurt to look.
Whenever I'm in Greenlake, I knock over shopping carts to see if my "work" will show up on
please follow me??
Term paper topic: Effect on US Founding Fathers of Classical Political Thought. Source suggestions?
Friday hurry up and get here!!! Vacay has been calling my name!
My life is complete. Just saw a whiffies pie in HD.
I heart me some
tell your brother to call me asap
and have fun at #InDesign training today! We'll miss you in
I guess.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYJBOOGZ how is it not trending tho
how goes it??
#codyjakeustream It would be amazingg if you gave a shout out to Megan, Sammy and Jackiee :D
~We can assist with that.
thanks for the retweet.
If you would like to get involved in a habitat improvement project please check out the link provided for more details.
Buyers of U.S. beef keep importing after mad cow case
Yes, it was a great session!
Holding down the fort as the lone Team DIET member. Hope and are having a good time.
i wish you well in your pursuits. thanks for being open to feedback.
so in gay terms... that means... i like penis?
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!! Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service!!
time for nails and work
I-70 EB is now open again at the tunnel.
How about you?
Those who finish what they start and so on
Lets go !
Andre Branch...opinion?
Doing the final edits on Pasadagavra .... writing is fun, editing not so much....
Your book cover is your package. A design that works commercially is the ultimate goal. Buyer preferences trump personal preferences.
That awkward moment when you get a text from someone you don't know saying your Farts are a turn on... haha 😂
I'd like to play some Boogerman: A Pick and Flick Adventure.
I hate you
Anyone got the #christmasinwashington links? Can't wait to see the awesome performances
call me!
omg there is a clump of hair next to ur straightener u r shedding!
Identify what you want and go for it.
Feeling good first workout of the day blue miami!!
Attention: The Talent Show in Mocha Joe's is canceled tonight. But still come down and grab a smoothie to celebrate this beautiful weather!
Cool design. Congrats on the sale!
Used to believe I could never ever please You / I spent a long time running scared / couldn't receive You would never ever leave me...
yes you guys got me into lol and now I can't stop playing it!
shouldn't get paid 4 reppin your country. Get $ from sponsors if that important not like TeamUSA needs DWade to Win.
Shit. RT RT : Word in #Brewers clubhouse us that Mat Gamel will have knee surgery.
Leaders go into the "wilderness" with questions and return with confident direction! Perhaps you need some wilderness time!
anytime, thx for making it. ill shout off the mountaintops to everyone i can. Already have people listening!
it wouldn't be the same
RT : Had a GREAT time hanging out with this morning!
Ditto! RT : #vsa2011 Really looking forward to hearing from Lisa Yun Lee of Hull House
let's see it!!! Don't tease us!
3/27/1775->W Preston:I have knowledge of Henderson’s purchase of Cherokee [land]—there is something in that I neither understand nor like
Boys suck D; -izzy
You bet!
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Pls tweet and let us know about them!
Well played KC. Starting a twitter war.
It's been brought to my attention when I tell someone "don't do anything I wouldnt do" I'm ultimately giving them endless opportunities
How is it possible to spend so much time on Pinterest & I don't even have an account there? Beautiful, beautiful eye-candy.
i love youu so mucch, your all i ever think about follow me backk!!
He seriously doesn't!! I mean you're a #badbitch!!! Teen popstars these days..pshh!! #smh!! Loves you more boo!!! :))<3
Hell ya man, keep it up.
Just saw Transformers 3 for the 2nd time! Still Amazing!:)
« ima chill and leave it all up to you.»
Rooney w/ Tally Hall
Missing persons case in the bay area at another homeless shelter, hopefully I will have the same success with this one as the last one.
later tonight.
Anyone else out there on #socialcam ? Follow me!
I Did! Now time to get rid of the entrapments!
RT : Michelle Williams is wearing one of those headbands you put on a baby so you can tell it's a girl.
Had such a good day one of my bestfriends came back:)
6- we use to talk and you would make me feel better your really sweet :)
the only thing I ever plan is to get money
Good! Trying to stay warm...it is freezing today brrr
I'm so down
your welcome and hit me up on Facebook my name is Alex caris
'Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve' ~ Napoleon Hill
Its borderline creepy out in the Burg. Kinda sketchy feelin.
I want to just go up to you and give you one more hug.
I can't wait to go to Ohio tomorrow
Took the kids to and introduced them to the #BeefnCheddar ... It was a home run!
I respect any comic that is good at heckling on stage
Is looking for VRAD installation technicians in Birmingham and Miami.
we might have. I done quite a few shows locally. Your name sound familiar to.
Should I listen to the butterfly that landed on my nose and tells me it will be okay...or should I hit something very, very hard?
ah, i want one!
#NOIData : Be a savvy data user. Ask to see what's under the hood of the model.
Busy week...shoot tmrw, rehearsal thurs, show friday, sale sat, church sunday, sleep monday lol
I fly so high that my head touch the clouds might catch me tweeting yes tweeting about that loud.!!
Real day off = Real breakfast. French toast with bananas and strawberries...so good!
The techs play music every day during radiation, since you have to lay on a table for 15-20 minutes. Friday seems to be jazz day.
brb while I dig my grave. JUSTIN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
i feel like such an idiot.
I'm in Nashville I have been all my life and still haven't spotted Taylor. La and Nashville r big so it is hard to see them.
At the GeniusBar in Smith Haven. Will the #apple geek live up to the moniker? I need an RME. No more fixes.
just saw it myself in 3-d.
Both tend to be a transition from a guided inquiry process to a more open inquiry.
If there was a hell for Words With Friends, you'd perpetually have a seven letter word and nowhere to play it.
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them
yes ma'am I am! I'm not starting work until next week so I'm pretty free until at least Tuesday!
I have been in this hotel van for three hours straight. Ugh. That's furniture market for you!
renzicle, any way we could hump Thurs or Friday? Read ur text on deets about why I can't Wed.
Absolutely. 140 char. limit killed me! You forgot and are definitely craft beer spots
watched it once while I was at the gym....it was good....sexual hehehe
One way to gauge activity is by how many current chemical toilet rentals you have.
Heck ya girl ! Which level are you doing ?!
I do this pretty much every time I get drunk lol
Aw. That's sweet.
thanks!! We're collecting at 4 venues starting tomorrow-13th too...hoping to fill the Yukon to the brim with toys :)
“: Are girls not into dads like guys are into moms?” is...
I f*$%ing love the Walker! (and want everything in the gift shop)
Hey Everyone thanks for the follow! Imma keep you all interested so you can keep followin!
Thanks, Maggie. I was looking at the tefl course in Chiang Mai- still deciding if I'm going to take it here or back in US.
hope chipper finds a way to hit 46 dingers this yr
Free shirt to the first person who can provide substantial proof that today is their birthday! Spread the word.
Oh boy...Are they #NSFW?
"Everyone in the audience finds something that personally resonates with them." - Matthew Joffe
oh so when you realize I moved on you want me back ? #IDontThinkSo .
#prayforjapan praying for the poor people who were affected by the tunami!
Don't lie about who you slept with ....
Eating peanut butter from the jar because it's the only food in my suite.
I'm about a week behind but am watching Oprah's LifeClass The Tour. Just what I need right now but so many commercials. Sigh.
Tweet your last minute questions to me now!
It ain't over till it's over.
lol hoe ass! I see how it is.. You bail yo Sandz out of jail.. 3 years later they tellin you to jog up to state lol
I won't go in to detail! I'll tell you if I can do it, anyone can do it!
We are still here - just practicing what it would be like to have a network put us in hiatus mid-season.
WHATZZZ UP Big Mo! #FF to u and yo homies and all that other 13th on Friday b.s blah blah. U good bro?!
thanks! Sometimes I don't see it that way but thanks for reminding me :)
Getting in before the public was the only time there wasn't a press of humanity.
's Antoinette Essa () has us on her A-List of upcoming events. #RVA check us out on tonight's news coverages!
Thanks, just a matter of time before the home building revenues & profit outpace again!
good night twitter!
#InTheSummer there will be nothing but my bestfriends and memories to last a lifetime!
BEST STORY OF LIFE
My tooth is killing me ugh
(c) and if he doesnt have a gf smile anyway cause you still have a chance.
Cary Hoffman will host the #BroadwayShowcase during #KidsWeek2012 on Tuesday! #MySinatra at the Intrepid!
making you a poster for your birthday! im sending you a gift!(;
Thank you Robert Allen for coming to the meeting & contributing to our Peace Coalition!!!
Same flawed rationale that leads to Haith winning COY (with someone else's players) over Calipari
Glad you agree. RT : Where would I be without ? Horribly, horribly lost. And less drunk.
Watching a #BET movie an they putting on for the Chi
The #story, if he tried to tell it now, would move away from the causal, like all mater, dark and light, from the trauma of creation.
Variety is the spice of life
who am i
- Child advocacy groups have long maintained that advertising targeted to children can be harmful - it's propaganda-like.
Hey there, great to meet you.
Belichick and the had to have practiced some Santeria because the players are falling like flies.
The Praline Connection. It was pretty good!
Have you ever looked at your best friend and thought "Why the fuck are we not comedians? :)
I love how you didn't hug me today lol !
On my way to get this money!! It's just what I gotta do..
Yes I do!
Jealous! RT: : Today is the day that I met Marc Summers. Not sure what else I can achieve in life at this point.
Gearing up to meet the riders of the California Coast Classic who wrap their 525 mile journey from SF to Santa Monica today!
I think that's just the ticket! =)
So , I write books . And I'm writing one right now . 5+ likes for a sample . :D Love you Mahomies <3 -Jordan Blaze <3
And you are totally entitled to ur opinion. You ever go into a film wanting it to be great? I did--so for me, it was.
Tea Time tonight at This is It! $3 long islands and $2.50 bottled miller beers. Paul and George are waiting to see you tonight!
Did you forget? Winter came and went over the Halloween weekend.
That's actually a very good idea.
smart... very smart.
im not twerking on no nigga that is not my boo RT : first nigga you see RT i have nothing to twerk on
I wish ppl would mind their own damn business
Da way she shake it on me >>>>>
Favorite Thing About Working at HubSpot: A product that works, variety, and the people
💰 can't buy you ❤ cause it's over pricee
Ms. Chalmers was there, greeted me warmly, and said that it made perfect sense I became a lawyer.
Beginning my adventure with 5:30 am and ready to take over the world (but first, naptime)
you should totally cover the song "all for leyna" by billy joel because thats my name ??
#SportingKC will continue its dominating play on Saturday.
GM baby mova💋 happy mothers day ❤❤❤❤😘
I would love that RT : don't make me scramble you!
thanks mama xoxox
and greetings back to you from Chicago! We should trade locations sometime ;-)!
You're 6. You have an iPhone. Do you know what I had when I was 6? Bop It.
Send Goals To Global Staff - Investor's Business Daily
I think the entire waitstaff from the movie "Waiting" is at the table next to us....this is humorous...
Ah how exciting!
Early symptoms can include increased hunger and/or thirst, fatigue, frequent urination, weight loss, and blurred vision.
how is everything in Europe today?
i travel with you guys all the time. Today just up to #Fullerton from SAN. But I really want to take it to #SantaBarbara & beyond.
Thank you all for all the wonderful Tweets and emails! #Gratitude and #Blessings and looking forward to #Denver in June!
#Thirsty and umm when is that Ctfu #Sonic's Withdrawal
Kristie just made me walk up ten stories of stairs
Hung w/Josh Brown, dyno seafood din-din, sat in w/some locals. It's gonna B a 4-day blast! Jam sessions start 2nite @ 11p. Let's play!
how often do you do this? It is a chore for me...and one that I don't do as often as I should, I'm sure.
If you're going to be obnoxious then I'm not going to waste my time.
Great preaching LIVE online from #jacksonville @
my boyfriend turns 16 on april 4th. (;
i love so bubblu and happy :)
Was that really a gamble?
I invented a drink too its called the magic carpet with cocaine and coca cola lmao jk
Let's go #Caps!
We can't wait! RT: “: editing photos this morning!”
Thanks for following!
Congrats on 2011 TORI nominations & (via )
haha I just realized from The Stunners is following me, awwwe. (:
ok cool I'ma dm my new number
he already followed me a while ago
joy behar? Shill!
That happens!? RT: My favorite thing ever: having zero emails in my inbox
I don't need pity. I just need to be left the hell alone!
It was great to see you! Hope you enjoyed Powell's and have an easy trip home.
NEW YEARS REVOLUTION!!! Love yourself and your body harder!!! May it be a great one for you and yours!!!!!! <3
'Junk Gypsies' Stars on Miranda Lambert, Dumpster Diving and the Open Road - Wonderwall
A million cool-points to anyone who tweets a picture with Prince Harry tonight. Maybe he'll find a DC princess.
Seeing my boyfriend has to be the best feeling ever.
what song?
Bib number for eugene marathon's Sunday showdown: 2448. Think good thoughts.
Good Morning, Sunshine 💛
This was a bit of a PR fail, I agree.
I love you :) haha
Wow...illegal screen called? You never see that so late in the game.
Thanks, Pres! So great to spend time with you and yesterday in
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast. Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids. Niice.
Bourne Ultimatum for the 4th time. It still kicks ass.
Simply Music an easy way to get movement in fingers and loosen rigidity.
National vodka day
Nice!! Awesome!! Ok, now I have to write my feature and write some shorts as well, gotta keep pace. How'd the shorts come about?
Working on updating our b log-great gift ideas to buy and make coming soon!
It's literately impossible to make someone see your point of view most of the time , if not we would have world Peace
get that cinabon stuff! See you tomorrow fool.
2011 is moving fast Last day of August. What's your plan to make you Sept-Dec the best ever?
Ethical Dilemma: Knowing my 8th gradrs r going 2high school nxt yr & counselors program classes based on CSTs do I teach 2the test?
:-) Very high compliment! Thank you.
Lol RT There is no way to read your password to someone else without feeling like a complete idiot.
yup lol im all about that #ThugLife aye im mad live and
what's good
Like your site a lot too. Sounds like you guys are well on your way to expanding. Really glad to have you in Nashville
But Pink?!? Its not even a remotely classy color
Is it too early to start looting?
91 followers! Keep it up!!!!!!!! Thank you all! :)
Please read my tweets or im invisible for your beatiful eyes? :'(.
yeah man, lorax was weak. really thought it disrespected the memory of Seuss. turns out its a delight for 3 yr olds tho.
20 years ago I was a JYA student at U of Lancaster. My British friends paid no tuition;folks protested size of student subsidies. (cont)
RT : "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Way to go and ! You deserved a 10, but 3 9s ain't bad!
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz in DC
#justdoit ": Single Ladies is now giving me a second wind. It's taking me everything not to break into my dance sequence..."
Just finished with recording the new House Anthems Winter 2011! It will be online in few min <3
#replacebandnameswithlesbian twisted lesbian (twisted sister)
Listening to at Northwestern U. Finally started, despite mic failure. Mic's unnecessary.
= one of my new favorite people
": DJ Jubilee is dominating the stage right now! Rebirth up next! Keep the party going all night with us!" Wish I was there!
#follow my homeboy :D he's a newbie!!! haha
Only I would mix up the words "esophagus" and "submarine"
There twitter. That is why Alex Smith TAKES A KNEE AT THE 1. Brees never gets the ball.
u heading to Atlanta?
Same day as free Expo Lines?
yepp i know i just noticed! & thanks! followed!
"You never conquer a mountain. Mountains can't be conquered; you conquer yourself - your hopes, your fears."
what's next for #KONY2012? Join the discussion tweet ur questions
espn 360 kicks as.. I've been watching the world basketball champhionship, and quality is great!
I feel like jumping in a battle soon
K CUTE I WILL SEE U SOON
A friend asked me what is your favorite NFL team? I said TEE BOO:)
I have call me maybe on repeat! What is wrong with me? ???
Those belts are bigger than Beiber.
I can dance my ass off #lowkey :p
okay, so i was in love with the decor, friendliness, & quality coffee from day 1 - & THEN i tried their lunch!
Come and celebrate the talented winners/honors of the 2010 Coretta Scott King Book Awards @ #ala10, CSK Book Awards Breakfast,6/29,7:00am
I'm so ready for summer. Time to make some memories :)
Unexpected pleasures are the best part of life!
Just (creepily?) watched your youtube vids and they were awesome haha :) You're pretty funny!
CAFE 1001 brick lane- I'll be round there from like 7ish or whatever :)
Moms! Join FITzee and tmw at Tidelands Park in Coronado for an outdoor concert! The fun starts at 10am!
SEPT 28th HE IS GETTING SO BIG NOW ITS LIKE HES GROWING IN FRONT OF ME HE EATS ALOT TOO
Of course Camberdella isn't here #alwaysabsent don't know why I bother coming to this class
We operate the nation's only portable Cruse Scanner, ideal for large fine art capture, model 295 size like that of the DOD...
Hope nickerson isn't mad that I legit just did his project in 10 minutes
Thank God!!!! Go Rangers for winning it in triple overtime!!!! Whoo Hoo.
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie :)
follow back? :)
$180 worth of alcohol in my freezer and not even done yet. Who goes harder than Brando!?
Grrr why am I up so early #stupidnick oh well seems like a gym and thrifting kinda day :-)
Knock KnockWho's there !Chile !Chile who?Chile out tonight !
I see anotha one at his neck, lol
I am losing a bunch of weight thanks to & their #hCGdiet program! So excited. Msg me for info. Very affordable!!
Some days, I'm not a nice person. I try but don't succeed some days. We all have our moments.
thanks for the mention! BTW, I visited the Storify folks yesterday.
Meeting went pretty good. Now I have a 1pm webinar.
reading in my living room
would appreciate a reply...
That's "somewhat" good but why not in an article? Don't all readers deserve to know, not just bloggers??
Saka seemed total disinterested in the bird until she made her sudden leap.
About to download thug motivation 101 & Port of Miami #classics . Me and cam are going to vibin 😝
Thanks for the Follow Paula!
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
TOUCHDOWN MIAMI!! Jacory Harris to Mike James for 18 yd TD, on next play after Marcus Forston pick. PAT Blocked. UM 20, Clem 14
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
praying for you sweetheart. Even though things are out of your control remember God is still in control & He is faithful.
I'm pretty lucky!!
you're a reds fan, right?
We have a few more spots so if you didn't register but want to attend, come on down to before 9 & we'll probably let you in!
#TGIF I'm so excited...and I just can't hide it. I may have peed my pants a little.
A plane just flew by. I thought I got a text. What is wroonngg with mee
RT : RT : killin it remind me of a Colorado
prayers for those in the path of the flood!!!!
It's so ugly outside :-(
be careful in AZ, they'll arrest you if you walk on the wrong side of the street.
955 W Craig Rd Salon is open today 11am-4pm. ShOw Your HaiR Some LoVe!!!
Let's get together sometime! I haven't seen you in ages...
I love Pipi
You will be a rockstar!! So proud of you for sharing your story.
thanks for the tweets x just got in... now for the wine!!! great to see you today.
NYC Carnival Tonight!!!!!! Ah Can't wait!!!!!!! LOVE
ah!!!!! At a bridal expo right now and the dj next to us is playing Runner Runner "I Can't Wait"!!!
Dragon Quest X launches August 2, requires 16GB memory card
Oh wait. Yeah I can. The last playoff game I went to, when the Rags knocked out the Devils. ::Shakes Fist::
Tomorrow @ 10am we'll be releasing a new report that looks @ privacy + reputation management on social media sites.
I donated for the 1st time since 2008 to #Obama2012 to thank - but, if no fed contractors executive order - I will ONLY vote!
I hate the rain!
great to hear it Lets Go CB4
cute dress!
Let's Go! RT Let's do this, !
My little nephew asked if I would read him a story with a happy ending so I read him a Clockwork Orange and then I jerked him off.
Not only is soccer the chess of the sports world but I love that it exposes my children to the world (a 180 for me).
LMFAO, I wanna know who runs SO bad.
Breath By Breath, MANvsMACHINE, Saturday Night Massacre, Unto Acheron, Memories In Broken Glass, Old Men Die In New Suits
Happy 70th Birthday, Mohammed Ali You continue to inspire
what's your brothers take on manning ...
#HappyBirthdayRayRice ..A win for your birthday
it was worth a shot.
OMG - I would LOVE a live tweet up. When/where?
Our site is currently under maintenance that's wat it says...
Analytic tools blend with discovery interface when you can go from distant to close reading, from graph to individual articles
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
I know I was joking
I will make sure to be!
I 5x dare u... bitch ass.... hoes
Awesome. Best thing to read in the morning. I am going to share this with the office. Congrats.
Because there is a story that must be told, even if no one wants to here it.
i know i aint Legacy(NEWBOYS) but i can
Oh shit , it's monday :(
follow my homies!
working on a letter to Begich, since I know him personally. Write with me! I'm not a movement unto myself. :)
So hot in Texas, i'm lying on my back making sweat angels in the dirt.
i think i'm going to let melatonin do it's job. there is no way i'm falling asleep before 4
I'm still thinking about that salted caramel milkshake. See you back at #drexel in 2 weeks.
glad you're coming on board!
Awake since 5:15am, for no reason.
its a very, very good show. The season finale just aired last week, but CW cancelled it. NO idea why, its really popular.
My mother always said, "don't ever go through a man's stuff. You'll always find something that you wish you didn't". Works both ways.
Thanx 4 the cam shot last night. It was a blast watching you make ur milkshake. RT I'm headed 2 Mills Of Milkshakes.. Donny
I love Flip Flop season!!
thanks! So thrilled about the work being completed in Ethiopia
ah, it kinda makes sense now!
Can anyone confirm that Goodell and D. Smith are splitting a pasta dish for lunch? Or at least sharing desert?
#Dogs are omnivorous. They require more than just meat to do well
Gamel with a line drive to right center. Crowd feeling something is about to happen.
Shout out to for saying my name was unique, not weird. And yes, your hair is much too nice to cover with a hat : )
can't wait to hear the new tunes! I just know they will be amazing! :)
& & Jinsu are all going to be in Vegas? LOL the fight in the ring isn't going to be the only one going on..
let me know if you need a note atleast . lol
When I looked up weather in Cleveland, it offered a "Honeymoon Tips" tab. Clearly weather.com has never been to Ohio
Not only simpler, but they allow you to say things like "WI is the new KY".
The Guto is...as clean as a pig dick.
I just wikipedia'd dubstep and was very disappointed that it did not make me want to roll over and bury my face under some hippy chicks arm.
Thanks Victor!! Hope you're summer is rockin' as well!
Finally, my iPhone dreams have come true!
in the Bowery Ballroom of course.
I have lululemon stretch pants AND headband on, I am obviously so serious about this run.
so what's everyone's favorite flavor chocolate ice cream
Today is the day! 10 cent tacos and $1 cerveza after 6pm until supplies last!!
Facts about Charisse Mills, I was born in Trinidad, shout out to TNT
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only $6.99
Many #esl teachers started out as #tefl teachers. Was that the case with you? We'd love to hear your story!
Yes it does! Nice job. How's your softball team doing?
Which Child Actor from the '80s Is Still Dressing From That Era? Remember Hammer pants, those flowy genie trousers made out of the same s
On the big screen- Cowboys and Aliens at the top of the worst.
There are almost too many good things about this day.
Full house at Linus and Alora tonight.
For reals people ordering a baconator with no bacon...... :O
You can't expect me to be fine and I don't expect you to care...
2DAY IS THE ONLY DAY THAT MATTERS, MAKE 2DAY COUNT!!!
Tonight! The Destructions with 3 Minutes to Live and She'On at Rock Bar! Downtown on the corner of 3rd and Broadway!
then we can be the three musketeers like we said!
#IThankGod for being alive. And for giving me the life I so far have . Thank you God. Gracias :)
plus she always does it via mass text. THANKS MOM
Watching Food Network Star
that's the truth of it!
We voted for you--good luck!
Chapter 1: news of a car accident
I'm doing well! Going for what I know ya dig....How are you feeling?
No worries! I am still going through email too.
Wishing everyone faith, hope & love on this great Saturday afternoon. I hope your day is going as well as mine.
believe me I did Sara :) just love how your personality shine,s forth, your so...sexy ect, this set is seventh heaven xoxo
One of my favorites! I want to see The Vow . I love love stories :)
done deal! Stop by the station and pick one up!
OMG I REMEMBER WHEN THIS CAME OUT!!!!!!! I GOT TO SEE THE PERFORMANCE ON HEYX3
Sandy Bull: the Sixties folk pioneer who burnt out too soon: Sandy Bull's unique talent and revolutionary approa..
Thrill the world Nyc 2009 had our first "Thriller" rehearsal yesterday & rocked it out! See website for more info! www.thrilltheworldnyc.com
Yes, Paul is right, the only thing ruining Madonna's voice is those miles and miles of cock that have been in her mouth. Oh Voy!
Day and a half, 5 assignments, research and writing...no problem. :/
I'm about to sing but it ain't gonna be sweet! Lol they just got hear.
right here!!! Do I need to grab my car keys??
But did you get a working result sufficient for your gaming needs?
Aha! Eng 30's version of the Complaint of Christ starts at l. 274, not l. 139 like the IMEV states.
Ewwww I have to work tomorrow ):
Aw, saved the day with a simple white cake with pearls around the bottom for a bride, let's hope they order lots more from me in the future!
That sounds great, Vincent! Keep us posted on your progress and we'd love to hear about your trip!
We're Yay
I'm now wide awake from my 11.5 hour sleep. Yes. YES.
Love a #naturist discount getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Happy Good Passover Friday: the day Israel was saved by lamb's blood in Exodus 12:12 as Gen 22:8 promised & delivered in John 1:29
thanks man!
Dakota proverb: "If the horse is dead, dismount." via Gus Whalen
stop complaining brat i'm in Woburn, finished Hollis today btw muahaha
def taking an ice bath tomorrow.
Tweeting in the morning, tweeting in the evening, tweeting its sausage time! Come get a Spicy Reindeer
: journalists need to be paying attention to the backchannel or you're missing the story
play thru it, gonna get surgery anyway.
perfect thanks!
The most nominated writers are Woody Allen, with 14 screenplay nods and two wins, and Billy Wilder, with 12 nods and three wins.
Heard somewhere that Hugo Chavez is dead or dying. Dunno if I believe it, Fidel has been on his supposed deathbed for the past decade.
Tattoos on this town by Jason Aldean IS.MY.JAM.RIGHT.NOW.
I don't like it but understand NBA superstars have decision-making power. But I hope DHoward is going to be in ORL if he is calling for this
Just because you hate me because of an ex does not mean you can come in and not tip me. Especially when I was super nice.
. . . And Happy Mother's Day Too You Miss Jones !
best of luck on another great season!
Congratulations to all of this weekend's graduates! Bear down!
Dont feel like wearing makeup? Put on glasses.
Hey megs! I saw ur tweets. Hope your doing ok :)
Nope--it's a head shot my sister took for me. I've lost some weight since--probably should get another taken... :P
Do not sacrifice your dignity for anyone!
Our kinda girl. RT: “: Im drunk as sfuck.nuff said”
Ill eat your pussy so i can show you how my tongue works.
what a cynical answer
haha stop! For a meat lover like me this is a big deal :)
To fans out there. I hope you get that stadium so can beat you in a proper stadium.
Get links for ALL the pages on your site, NOT just the home page. Many people get all their links to the home page only, another red flag.
If they're used properly, I have no problem with them. Improperly used, it could cause me to stop reading the book entirely.
its now been 4 days since Ive asked a valid question about UR campaign. If I wanted silence from elected ppl I would vote democrat!
The system. Has to follow creative minds when in God.
yes, still love you 😍
Many Pittsburgh concerts announced, but big ones missing. While in Philadelphia Thu-Sat there's the Shins/Real Estate and the Cranberries.
sitting at taco bell watching a couple seated with the boyfriend just eating food and didn't buy her anything. Idk what's the worst part
And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good♥
I'm thinking about packaging this product in a nice zippered bag, but it's hard too ship and store. Back to the drawing board!
I hope my questions weren't as annoying as the ones I'm seeing in your feed.
Great subway ad on the ride home... "New York: Accepting of your beliefs, judgemental of your shoes." Couldn't be more true
Tom & Jerry i just love this fan base :)
Outraged that the NYCD has closed the washington sq. park on Halloween night, closed all evening until tomorrow!
RT LOVE that is wearing the National Foster Care Month ribbon on his guitar strap!!! #NFCM #fostercare”
Im doing pretty good how are you?
Riding wit my bro
Happy #FF and thanks for the RTs and conversation
#Videoediting. Just watch CBS sunday morning. Watching the Alpaca story I noticed edits..I saw the editor though process.
She said um old news well who yo new star
A New Look Of Google Earth! As we know it is not accustomed to stay
okay baby doll. (: love yah!!
I'm Asking for Prayer From Others Today.. I P.U.S.H Often. But today a little boost is needed. Have a great day folks..
If you listen to the on #PlayboyRadio.. listen for me in about 15 minutes! ;)
So I got my nailz did.... Its hard typing on a touch screen ... Wa
I can care less if you like me.. But u will respect me
lol i believe it ! How are you tho ?
Nice new updates to the Sportwatch. I had switched to using Runkeeper on the iPhone, but this will get me to try it out again.
when do you get to summit?
nope i wont
Hot hate heat, mall punk, cold source, Eileen Chang, pukelele, our magic hour, goat salt, Pink Smog: I have a story to fell.
PUT THE TEAM ON YOUR BACK!
Word!! Or get an interpreter u non humanoid. ": Yo just let McGee do your interviews from now on"
You wanna watch Empire or Jedi?
Thank you for sharing my story! Hope you are doing well - let's catch up soon!
Why is it not surprising that Microsoft's own IE7 virtual machine does nothing but BSOD?
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC!
S/O NEW MIXTAPE GOT THE NET GOING CRAZY EVERYBODY & THEY MAMA WAITING #SLAUTE!!!!!!!! SHOWING SUM ATL LOVE HOMIE
Getting married ««
But in a general sense, sanctification of leaders is a desirable goal. So....yay Jesus!
Have you found ways to help prevent cross-contamination?
No, it's a tradition in my family too. Even if it's just Kebalsa and Kraut in the slow cooker. Usually it's pork ribs n Kraut
Whaa u like confusing ppl? :P lol
I had a good halloween wbu?? =)
I wonder how long til Julius Mays is investigated...
is almost at 4m! O:
My bitch bad your bitch hood my bitch turn heads you wish your bitch could!!!
I'm so excited for #ufc ultimate figher I just have to watch every one!
your website should be as relaxing and purifying as your spa
I think
she needs blankets to blow her damn nose
Idk why folks on Twitter always forget about TAXES & children, unless u gettin paid $50K under the table
extreme oversight is due to problems after games, not before.
Congrats! Welcome to the Wolf Pack
Kalon is wearing too much makeup.
When using a camera with an LCD, be aware it has a brightness setting. Check it if your pictures are turning out too light or dark.
hit by a tornado! Hope MPLS's best music store isn't too damaged.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
Definitely felt it up here in boston as well...
I cried when I watched it today in the car & mommy said it was inspirational.
Quo Bono? Someone's, perhaps everyone's, interests lie in not understanding each other. "II" can mean monetizing the 3rd world.
was their stickam thing interesting or dumb or both or
29% isnt gonna get it done boys, were gettin stops... Now we nee buckets.
Eat breakfast. Hungry. Eat lunch. Hungry. Eat dinner. Hungry. This is some bull. I feel like I'm eating a lot but obviously not.
Interested in today's Mobile Strategies and Challenges? is tweeting from the CAMP IT conference in #Chicago today!
I'm in love .. With my BED Now! That's the only thing I cannot wait to see lately SMH lol
#imisswhen there was no facebook/myspace/twitter/smartphones, and i had everyones phone number that i cared about memorized
Think about this, if John could fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return,
: Oh good! Glad to hear it, The-One-Who-Will-Not-Be-Called-Shan. Sounds like the perfect price. :-) #mindingmyp'sandq's
Legitimate pain management
thanks so much girly!
Stupid Yankees. 😒
Um, could be weird at the gym.
I can't tell you how many ways I can't stand Suze Orman or that Cheap A$$ Clark Howard! You can enjoy your life and still financial plan.
yes, using same password.
Wow, thanks!! is my inspiration and role model!!☺
"Another Bottle Down" by
#Glee's wearing a bit thin. You can take dumb adolesence only so far. But count me in for #Madmen and
Great motorcycle bar hop.
Can anyone recommend a great external mic for a computer- one that will capture all audio in a lecture hall?
EQUAL PAY FOR NO WORK!!!
I'm not bad with names, it's just that you leave absolutely no impression on people.
Stoked I believe is the word! I just got hooked 4 coachella artist passes from mate in a pretty prominent UK band! #desertparty!
I'm so happy to have gotten away from stupid people!!!
Lovely! You might give it a quick peek in Safari... Chrome seems really happy with it though :)
Is that niggas don't really care?
I want to win the Pretty Girl Glam giveaway on
I love Pastor is fantastic. Good word today!
Just signed Miss Molly up for Kindergarten. Let's hope the Zen Dog Training Folk can help us teach her some manners!
this is when i quit FB and just replace it with twitter. a phenom noted by my students as well.
my phone is broken ;-( ill DM you ??? :-D imuuuu .
It seems that our economy is based on a perpetual bubble that expands and implodes just like a star. AstroEconomics
Our Hero went for 5 points, 4 rebounds, 3 assists and a steal v. MSU, but even he couldn't keep Rob Wilson from throwing the game away.
hey, nuthin says sexxy like a Lady, not a Lady thinkin Dude!
We have over 250 followers in the first week! Thanks for following.
I got 2 quick
You think Michael Showalter is still popular enough to be a draw? Is he funny without Michael Ian Black?
our evals are not used for firing, but they figure in our tenure review process… at least the term average does
Boot Camp whooped my ass!
haha. Not quite. Look at the search.
Thank you, Scott. I really appreciate your kind words.
Did I text ppl back???
Ander Monson seems to like hyperlinks. & the word “rock.” & feels as though he mightn’t exist. See him at the Poetry Off the Page symposium!
have u seen company man. i saw about a minute of it but im dvring it today. weaver was hilarious w the "terrorist"
vampire diaries rocks! man i wish i was in that show! i really wanna act!
Awesome News!
If only the food were as good...
Lazy day.
Cool Yet Welcoming.Ideal Location+ Easy Access To Other Parts of Town2178 Brdwy77St212.3621100
Ha. Um. Probably not.
Word on the street is that you're hilarious! Looking forward to seeing your improv troupe's show this Friday. Holla!
(I'd be tempted to retweet the DIY indexing how-to article, but I've seen way too many bad indexes over the years.)
you fell off the face of twitter.
Yes, because racism only exists in the US. can't begin to understand this situation.Absolutely ridiculous.
good win,at some point, I will see the trophy drive right by my house on I65N on its way back to the NCAA HQ,prob in 2014 or so
well i guess
They Food Make Ya Bite Ya Fingers!
Last night's debate wasn't any fun without your tweets.
Not a fan of the Foo Fighters! loves them!
#RT If you can roll your tongue.
Had a cat who would kill squirrel and clean the liver, kidney, etc and then leave the tasty morsels on my pillow.
Looks like the seasonal vegetable sandwich? YUM - always a classic! Thanks for coming in!
What's all your take on the #NBA Playoffs?? Who will win it all?? Who will come up short?
it is. Wasn't this the -underlying issue -or at least 1 of them-that let Gray defeat Fenty?
LSU WOMENS LAX INTEREST MEETING: TONIGHT IN THE UNION @ 7. Front entrance, second floor. BRING FRIENDS.
Mellow, very mellow. Nice for a change!
your narration on Frozen Planet is top notch. Blows Morgan Freeman away.
looking forward to the show!
Why do girls wear UGGs with pencil skirts? Either you're hot or cold...pick one.
MATT CAPPS (as said in Matt Damon voice from Team America: World Police)
the guy who teamed up with michael and called you a sex addict in the back Cardona's room ;D
I love when my dad makes me breakfast
Harrison ford still looks so bad ass, what is e like 90 something
Yes mine too. Went down hill after 5
Quote of the day: Management is doing things right; #leadership is doing the right things
Tough look for anyone to pull off really.
We're young wild & free
Swordspoint! One of the few books I've managed to unpack since moving in a year ago. Due for a reread!
Ok...I'm in! RT : Fact: You are 52 MILLION TIMES more likely to pick the Mega Millions #'s than have a perfect bracket.
Springsteen performing at this year's Grammys! Now there's a reason to watch.
Folks already lining outside of to catch Looking to be a good show tonight.
i have to get redy for school
Today is the day.. LBSB12
Kid in my class just got busted with that loud. Lmaooo.
The Deficit that lies within...lovingkindnesswc.org/?p=1148
are you mocking me? Lol
I haven't ordered a new #book for myself in so long! It's fun to open them in the mail. #reading tonight!
I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!! Yeeeeeow
“: We're used to it. LOL RT : Congrats and ” You cocky bitch...lol
before I pulled my hamstring and broke my butt I ran 400, 4x4 sometimes 100, and I Long Jumped!
Chris Volstad is garbage. Please bring up Travis Wood.
welcome to portland.
The murmuration sounds so wonderful!
lets just move to pdx don't think anyone would notice so you??
lol yes it did. Sparky was attacking my phone when he heard kendall lol
Amy Poehler, too.
impressive. They're def playing hard. Getting lots from rookie C. Lots of rain here though....
TEDxWDC was the best day of knowledge, ideas, business, art, collaboration creativity, and growth. Kudos. Many Kudos.
and were are you going
#doggumentary ny livin right here snoop
So no downloading Locksley?
aww ok then...
its true
Can you help me select a manual hand pump for my Franklin Electric well pump & controller for power outages?
#FF Teacher Appreciation Week Edition:
idk yet I'm not on campus
Follow Me Please!? 30
“: We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction. Hahaha” Lol.
thanks for the RT!
God, I love One movie down, and one more to go- such a great night of quiet me time
Will hopefully finish up retouching photos from my sisters wedding today!!!
that should be next Thursday.
word. Good luck! Attractions? Entertainment? Top secret do the damn thang kind of business?
a week from today, I will be whipping into shape!
ill be back around 9
Birthday today..im so old
#lib10steps content audit and google analytic can be very useful
Nice to see that the Ethiopians' Leonard Dillan was included in the Memoriam segment of the Grammy's last night... respect!
I wish I had an excuse to take a nap right now.
that's a sweet combo.
Texas holdem poker tables. Up to 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
What are you trying to say? How else can you know if your beer is as cold as the Rockies?
aye, gettinn' that $$$$$$. How did that hotel party go?
Idk how long it's gonna take me to tell you the truth.
thanks for capturing my happy moment
Ha! I am following you! The pain train has come into the station.
I don't pray at all, but tonight I did for one person. Hope the man upstairs hears me...
The godfather theme works better, because you're a stud.
Must win! get the w tonight guys, wish i could go tonight.
A Prius joke. A bit offensive.
Come get it
worried about nothing. Told you the Yankees had it in the bag.
get um boy
its now day 5 of tribeca film festival and many good movies
Read, read, read. Do, do, do. ~ Louis L'Amour
Had a good time in Ireland researching the Irish Ancestry Group Tour I am putting together.
Hey Niall (: Good morning from U.S ☺
same its all com so fast. Like I was the one saying I was going to miss seniors now its my time. You're next! :)
NO! Is The Shit! Follow Her And Subscribe To Her Youtube! And If You Don't! Eat A Dick With Hotsauce. Cool? k.
this just in: both and I received solo exhibitions at the Winchester Gallery for the 2012-2013 season!
It's Harbor Day !
She really knows how to make my day go from good to bad . 😒
I love
What theme do you think our next Reel Inspiration article should be at #ArticianMag ?
We'll have to link up again one day!
Another foul?! Unbelievable. Hey refs, feel like calling anything against Lebron?
maybe this weekend you can babysit Blake with me !!!!!!
This summer she'll be studying for boards!! Our future DR in the making!!
NEVER stop dreaming and more important never stop living
he is coming to Magic Springs.
I'm gonna catch way more bigger fish than you this Saturday at the porter Wagner deal!
Cole Roofing is searching for an Estimating Administration person. Job description yet to be fully developed... Lead management, lead foll…
I suspect that this is his defense mechanism not to deal with life. And to think that I gave him my heart and soul. Unllike him--I have
Every few weeks I get a call from someone speaking fluent Spanish to me -_-
Made it to Panera and after circling the place a few times, finally found a seat...we're enjoying their power and internet now until close!
I know it was hot!
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk
#SOLIDARITY! I once lived in Nottingham! NO cuts! NO #austerity. Austerity for ALL or NO ONE.
Remember when Sam noticed me like 6 times and dm'd me... That was a good day:$
Thanks, Pam! Did you try it out? Hope you had a fun at the game!
thank you for the
Hey girls!
- Thanks for the shoutout!!
So far 2012 is 50% good & 50% not so good. Guess everything is in balance.
at my school it is..we do nothing all day!
when do we get to see you for dinner?
and I are at boss level. Fuck with us.
. take mondays off, for a start.
every customer is a reporter
Hey , thanks for spreading the word about our VISTA position! We just extended the deadline until 5/14.
Got into town? Where yall staying?
can't wait to arrive in Dayton OH in a few days...hope to interview my elder family members
Anything that you want to be considered good at MUST involve every ounce of time you have
week 5 of 9 in running plan, things are about to real tomorrow and fast, i hope i can actually do it. :/
Throwing our hands in the air cuz we true playas
It feels weird knowing what Liam and Louis will be doing tonight
Heading to Key West to escape the summer heat in Baltimore...
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
eff you dude, he didn't touch the kids and he did report it to those above him, he doesn't deserve death you sick assbag
I'm happy
you sound sad! Hope all is well.
Schiphol! Just flew from there last Wednesday.
shawty you a ten!....minus 9
- wants to join us in SEA tomorrow night, but her Android may be out of date. Can you confirm? Cc
I miss California car washes...
- thanks for the recommendation.
SURE BABE I CAN HELP YOU CALL THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO AT 2107846094 ASK FOR JENNIFER N SHE WILL SET IT UP FOR ME.
Social Video Messaging. What does it mean to you? Tweet us your thoughts!
One of those nights ha! Lol
MB is going to be on 106 and park again *falls on floor and rolls*
Love it!! Once we have our team confirmed, I'll sign us up!
What is Lebron doing with his facial hair exactly? Anyone?
lol long day?
A Fresh Fruit Bowl @ Firehook Bakery is amazing! We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
Lake Michigan > Los Angeles Lakers
is wising you and your family a very Tailgate christmas! :)
Woke up with a slight sore throat the day of prom? Wtf is this
I'm doing research & need some material from some old Manila Chronicle, does the museum handle this?
The Blue Ridge should be renamed to the Green Ridge this time of year. It is awash in brilliant emerald colors highlighting each rise.
I hate you and your boubou.
i say you take a pic of it and post it :-)
you should have married weezy girl! :)
You ask me!
Well you should put your logo on everything as a watermark. Then nobody can take it. RT LOL!!! thanks :D
How are you?
The Advocates trivia has ben canceled for this evening!
havent been on twitter for a min... thanx bro glad u like it... the one im working on now is BONKERS!.... ADD DJ to my resume
that is the BEST tweet of the year... that's wonderful news!
Davey Trees folks suggest that city evaluated bids incorrectly. Say city so reexamine using different metric.
The kids and parents in Toddlers & Tiaras like being on it. But it's so clear the periphery people like "coaches" are PUMPED to be on.
Play Champagne & Chickenheadz
have u checked out our website? since you're on twitter & not working, check it out. we promise not to tell your boss www.epicureangroup.net
Eyes are tearing like a mofo..where's the summer at?
the site recommends doing them on your knuckles if you have wrist probs. That seems pretty hardcord to me!
Reason # 3,720 to 1 to listen to Raddcast. Because listening to Raddcast is allot easier than successfully navigating asteroid field
I see your PDA in the metro and raise people lying vertical groping each other on every piece of grass at my univ
Andy Geiger in at UWM, huh? I wanted bold...that certainly fits the bill.
I miss you baby!
"Make decisions from the heart & use your head to make it work."
Our pleasure! We are glad to help.
what's wrong kid?
My next book to read- Leaving Microsoft to Change the World come to room 352 to hear more about corporate social responsibility.
O God, though art the true, eternal, blessed, unchangeable light of all time & space. To Thee is due praise & adoration. Beethoven
RT : BREAKING: "The Count" from Sesame Street just endorsed Herman Cain.
Come at me bro!!! Fight in an Art Class at Byron Bergen, kid has his head split open... kids apparently just don't like each other.
yes, I'm hoping so! I miss you ptilley!
You are very welcome! Glad it's useful to you.
Chris Lively performance tonight!
Your so ugly they gave you candy to get OUT the van lol aint i just a jokester<3
"Feelings are mentionable and manageable." Fred Rogers, for the win.
My brother calls it a "Luigi board."
Chocolate banana mousse cake on now at Lotties Lounge.
I miss MJ and AI being in the NBA. It's mad boring now.
Others have tweeted hist. events, such as 150th anniv. of civil war. Dont know who'd do it but it would be great to follow 2/2
Having p.e 6 period hot af = everyone seats and do nothing.
whatever chick stuff xD hahaahaha I got one of my own thx ;) wat do u need a dick for? xD
You'll see... How far is it from Scope?
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
GAB calls recall for Four Senators, three will face special elections.
Merry Christmas Everybodii #A.$.$.B.H.H
It would prolly save you a few seconds RT : nope just a haircut. I should shave myself completely for your big 5k!
#schoolmemories Being bad when a sub is there.
Laura is a saint! Michele laughs at how serious we are in the LODs
I wish I could tell you why... But that's not twitter material.
OH GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN!
Good morning to all the veterans, past and present. May. God bless you
c'mon! I'm on a winning streak, so you have to!!
#itsneveragoodtimefor a slow internet connection
Hey guys I just saw you retweeted my song!!! Thank you so much!!! If you need anything from let me know!! Send your links !!
those are your favs
Need a #BieberFix right about now... Biebs, U Creepin'?
Happy Happy Birthday to you!!
Organizing end of the semester materials for my classes.
I'm on some new ish i show these dog ho's how to do tricks.
You could totally pull a terrible April fool's prank with this one... Oh what a terrible thought. "Asteroid to impact earth!"
when ignorance becomes a bliss it knows no bound
Woops, meant "hope you enjoyed!" (no ? mark) haha
like my new background ??????
Having my very own Doctor Who marathon courtesy of Netflix!
wow, but yeah fir some reason.. Not surprised
Do I need to beat up someone for you?
"Yes, master." there's a nice ring to that.
glad to hear i'm not the only adult addicted to gummies. calcium, multi, D and C. only way i can pull off reg vitamin intake
Why the heck is Piers Morgan doing #CNN election analysis?!!
I just want to be happy
The plane just landed and will probably take a while to deboard
Great visit with my colleagues. Thanks for having me present to your chapter on Core Competencies!
So that's what a chesterfield is - thanks
Day 1 of our strategic planning retreat! Brainstorming more ways to bring revitalization + arts to #Anacostia. Wish us luck!
/ had trouble with her registration so I'm bringing all our receipts in case. See you soon!
RT : You have to be self-ish enough to take care of yourself & selfless enough to contribute to the world.
Thanks so much! We're really proud of it! stop into the Merchandise Pavilion and pick up a hard copy! ;)
awe. Sorry maybe next time u can come
it is embarrassing. Loo
We do record them. That is something we have talked about. What would seem like a fair "nominal fee?"
Best of all (including packing) for this weekend! Between heat and rain everything perfect.
Its official - the first ever CSUN reception at AERA! (not counting the margarita-fest in San Diego a couple of years ago)
I'm giving new meaning to labor day. And judging by the number of email responses I've had today, I am not alone.
Day drinking and all-American BBQ'ing today in downtown Copenhagen for my 21st birthday? I think I'm doing this right.
Figured out two songs on bass guitar tonight.
the one wonder movement is meant to inspire ...
is a ghetto baby >:L
Hopefully ! I really want to !
..Ronnie needs to get ready for the ride of his life tonight....its on!!!
i fucking love when
Attn: All men: Please PLEASE stop wearing bandanas! We get it. You're balding. Don't make it worse.
the closer to modern the more it looks like secondlife, & inaccuracies distract from the storyline for more than just experts
Our schools are part of the elder PIM!!
Gobo, Mokey, Wembley, Boober and Red are the names of characters in what 1980's TV program? Reply and you could win GG Shower Cleaner!
who would win a Chihuahua or a Pitt-bull?
only sophisticated ones
Had a fantastic time watching/discussing Miss Representation at tonight. Thanks for coming !
start your engines
I cut my hair and I haven't cried yet. This is a good sign.
Oh yeah and our tightend, the one that's 6'10 he just got back from Afghanistan so yeah, im taking bets
So I ride I lean I crawl do it better than them all.
I'm heartbroken again I can't deal with all of the stress and tears. I'm going to take my life. Plain and simple..
"In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Rates look there going to hold under 5% next week.
I'm ready for an easy dialogue or two. One that helps me feel good about myself rather than one that expects I'll only absorb the badness.
We are in the final weeks of performances! Only 8 shows left!
I just need to turn off all of my electronics for a little while.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy? Albert Einstein
Just left Erica O'Rear's wedding, long frive home on a Sunday night, but it was good to go.
Come rock out after the game across from #Fenway at Who's On First #boston on Saturday!
Just met a charming professional head hunter while waiting to board my flight. I gave her my bosses name to find him a job.
you are serious? How did you find out? Can we stop it?
#GOP Superpak to cut Medicaid, Meals on Wheels, & other social program but keep our troops in a losing war! Pay attention ppl
you still around bro?
Anybody trying to use the coupon code for tomorrow's class- please try again! I fixed the glitch holding the system up- sorry about that!
me please :)
Is there partial credit? Meaning: I'm an idiot and know I'm going to get this wrong so I need to kiss ass and ask questions for attention
At my first job.... Not really feeling good....but I'm gonna make it...TYJ
shout out to Jon for getting the word out on this insightful study.
you're our ambassador of kwon Ray. For the record, this will be the second time I make a jerry maguire ref. around you.
Totally doing this the next time I see you. Soon?
Dancing shoes! #lovethissong 🎶❤💃
do you like touring & meeting fans? What is your favorite part of touring?
lowkey i might just hit that up this week..hell, maybe on my break today!!
Looking forward to hanging out with today. Enjoyable conversation and delicious food in my near future!
#OWIF: The housesitter ETA: 9pm. I plan to gain his trust then light the M80s in the Buggymelon I hid under his bed when he falls asleep.
"If people try to pull you down, don't even worry. You should be proud cos it only confirms that you are above them"
Happy healthy and cookie appreciated
Today feels so long.
Thanks, , for being so reliably customer-friendly!
Dope is on bullshit. Always playin cut throat
#EricClapton's "River of Tears" makes me cry every time!
I wana intern for Arkaik on Warped! how can I do this?!?!
hells yeah gunna be sum streaking
you're hotter than the suna, I wanna pull em clothes off your body like a banana
These workouts are kicking my ass but i feel AMAZING
Defending Marriage (Holy Matrimony) is one thing but denial of rights to people that love each other is wrong.
People are so lucky , that I have high patience .
just realized tomorrow is april fools day. o______0
so sad that the young see violence as a way of life -- glorified by The Media
Not sure how much longer I can go w/out a laptop cord! :( times 10 :(
Been reading a doom & gloom article on ad spending. What's up with that? We are booming and so are our clients. Smart marketing = Success
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band. If one let it go, it hurts so much on who held on.
Road trip, yeah baby.
I want pussy RT : I want Domino's.
Best moment of the debate was when Ron Paul challenged the others to a 25-mile bike ride in Texas.
It's time to #bringbacksoftball to the Olympics!!
I packed all my cold weather clothes away but now I have to get them back out
I love you daughter and boo. 💋
Many are skinning and grinning when you call them a ni*ga/er but many of those same ones are ready to fight if you call them African. Why?
fml, really :(? Well lemme think of another one.
Allergies are actin up
Credit to for bringing #Nordecke Beastie Boys "Goals" chant back in 2010. Classic
Our specialty foods section is growing everyday! Come check out our truffle oils and salt that arrived today!
How much knowledge held in head in 1986? 75%. number in 2008? 8-10%. too many other places we can access info quickly.
have you been to The Southern yet? Their fried chicken is the she-it.
checking out www.twitter.com
How quickly can you down your #Tampico20oz? Uno! Dos! Tres! GO!
i'd love to see the data that tv manufacturers are looking at to build out 3D TVs, just Avatar and Up? IMO an excuse to charge $2k+ again
": money is my hobby. in my spare time I count cash....my sleep signs are.$$$$$$$$$$$$" lmao finally famous in stores now coach
Im the punisher. No your the douchebag. -John Howard
Brad Paisley! We're both from West Virginia!!
Tolerance? You're so demanding.
Ask him to look me up at, also mentor.
