Another lovely compliment to thank you for. I may quote you on that...
It was 90° at work today..#turnontheAC !!
The waves are huge here on the Big Island. We can hear them from our office this morning.
I feel like deleting my Facebook it's so boring
Hi Dami, yes we are still open! Celebrating 35 years this year! Come in for a sweet deal!
Thanks to everyone came out to the SFTA event last night! A special thank you to Peak 10 who put on a fabulous panel discussion and FPL Fib…
We still have a lot of work to do w/ #HIV prevention, outreach and education and that's what we are doing.
We're working hard on a solution for senseless pet euthanizations!
wow thx sultana!
hey :D
O'boy another twitter update. I wonder if it will unfollow everyone again. Says it was fixed. Ill find out soon.
How could I not enjoy a book that's subtitled Embracing a Theology of Risk, Adventure and Courage?: The Faith of Leap
"I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free". Michelangelo
wave ur fingers up in the air la da da la da
don't eat me.
If you wouldn't ask a friend to borrow money everyday, then why would you use a credit card to buy shit you really don't need?
But I won't be able to put it in the bank as we're always to late, I might not even be able to go out on saturday boo :/
aye! u real af!
apparently I won concert tickets. this seems fantastic.
Mike Adams nickname? Gomez?
The moment when your professor's pipe tobacco spills out of his pipe and onto his desk.
Why did he try to get you jumped?
I need you all to votes and comment www.oprah.com own show then browse vote Put in Dawn Reese Show only one more day left thank you so much
Rove: HC legislation paid for with "jury rigged, Bernie Madoff style of financing"
apparently I hear you are a
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Feed Me!
girl he a bad influence...well dont let me lie..we be influencing each other...our petty asses..smfh!!!
Time 4 For A Quick Nap!! Back To The Lab #HomeSweetHome#
Seriously I'm going early to pay...WE MUST GO!
give me that damn beat now
I'm stoked to go to kings island on Thursday. I'm gonna annoy everyone and tell them everywhere I went in the park when I worked there. heh.
ipl-MCA imposed life ban on ShahRukh Khan to enter into Wankhede stadium.
Landscaping @ Winter is the best time for makeovers, prices are MOST competitive FREE Sketch/Design, ring me; 619.752.6804 Expert!
I'm embarrassingly excited for the
Kicked my own booty today- 1 hour strength/cardio combo routine...aka, HELL
RT : Picked up my car from PA. Cruising back to Brooklyn, 80 degrees and blasting
oh i was just tryn to get ur mind on cake so u would get one lol :D
"Thank you mom campaign" was an opportunity to grow several brands
oh yes it does!
Glad to have you back in GB. Congrats on the new deal!
Will look smashing. Great color combo!
yep I'm here babe
i wanna be a caddy :)
Tyson's Corner architecture is a reflection of firms not wanting to appear too extravagant due to govt $ as sole funding source
Also, that damn tulip joke reminds me of my political economy class and my kooky professor. Now I'm stressed out.
MOTHERS DAY IS SUNDAY!!!! you cant kill a baby spider SMFH!!!! :0 what are the baby spiders gonna get her if she is dead :0
I love Sausalito!! But now that you mentioned, it does look like west Seattle!!!
thank you. Customers like you made this possible!
Seems like the people with the most problems.. wanna give out the most advice
Thank you to Tom Potter, Marcus Cortez,and Nathalie Lawyer for an amazing job teaching this semester's EMT class!
What the hell is a Hot Chelle Rae? This is horrendous.
Bucky Book 21 is under construction. What business(es) would you like to see in it?
That moment do everything you dont want just to piss you off.
Vegas tweet.
I mean, at least when we were beefing, we weren't subtweeting the whole time lol
What's on Osama's hard drive? Friend's reply: "Probably porn."
I really hate winny people:/
Carol Levy at Hillel's WHO Conference: The best leaders are those who are willing to take a step back and give others the room.
Get to Know Glam Fairy Fashion Extraordinaire Glamo Glamo, who works with (not for!) The Glam Factory as the wardrobe stylist, gave us a
NO! There's still time!!
i dont even need to hear the challenge, has way more heart and talent than you, i knew him personally, HE WILL OWN YOU
So tired of this 2 year narrative I have been experiencing of unemployment and broke ness. Its really getting old.
I'll tweet about it if I'm allowed to. :)
Bro time with and roomies! Put it in the wheelhouse!
I came up with this little review game called "one word association." The kids love it! We're gonna do that today.
Baby I'm addicted to you.
goodmirning Val can you please send me David William contact phone number?
are you at a computer,i want you to hear something, and if you like it, can we work something out before tomorrow
"Taste of Hollywood" is our new quick service picnic meal for #Fantasmic. It includes a Dining Package ticket for the show.
Just left our meeting.. Got good news.. F.M.G WE COMING
This day 1849: University of Wisconsin opened with 20 students taught by Professor John W. Sterling. Tuition was $20 per year.
I forgot about "White Houses" by Michelle Branch, but it just came on shuffle, and I'm in love with it. Such a great song.
gurrrrl you got a job too gurl!??
i just finished an episode of some foreign shit c:<
where's the scrabble love?
Take away the NJ outlier and he already has RT It looks like Romney may soon overtake Obama in the RCP poll of polls
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has a sassy gay voice (;
Learn not to depend on anyone.... Because even your shadow leaves you when you're in darkness
Gahhh sore sore from yesterdays mile, thats the shortest ive gotten ever but still room for improvement
RT RT : Whoever says that they would still work if they won the lottery shouldn't be allowed to win the lottery.
Doctorate, but experience can be substituted for education.
Off to Shanghai. Upgrade cleared :) Anyone out there in China feel free to drop me a line and we can meet up..will be in a few cities
Ah, lady, when I gave my heart to thee, It passed into thy lifelong regency.
Watching the mtv vma awards.
Making some calls today to work out presenting a showcase at SXSW
“: when are you guys coming back to new york?!” hopefully in June. Keep u posted!
that sucks ass.
Thanks for the RT!
Happy valentines day everyone! ❤
is it too late to pitch for presenting at podcamp philly 2011? (sending hugs + well wishes)
taking the bus my man. Traffic on Milwaukee. Is jacked right now. Trying to get drink first tho.
oh good lord o.O :(
Day 71 of 100: I am thankful for the relaxing coffee-making in the morning
thanks. Happy thanksgiving to you and your fam.
REMINDER from CPH: Tomorrow, November 8, is Election Day be sure to exercise the sinews of democracy and VOTE!
I would back the Op under suggestion if I hd the smarts for damn sure..
Next up: Free Reading Jan 17th and full production of ART opening Feb 11th. Hope you can make it.
follow back please?(:
Fear is an illusion. If you use that energy for self confidence - you will be amazed at the results. - Unknown
My oldest, while playing goalie, blocked a kid's shot and said, "I'm like Anthony Davis." Yup, I love that girl, #BBN for life.
I think that really does up the stakes
Same here ..writing RT : nm chilling working wassup with you ?
You really love her kelly. Not sure why. I think madonna is a third rate talent who clawed her way to the top. She makes me ill
I MISS YOU IN SOFTBALL!!!
Great stuff. Learn a lot and am pleasantly surprised when I already know something these pros have to say.
NPR announcer definitely just said "Mozart's Marriage of FUH-GAAAH-ROH".
You should tweet That would be epic!
argument only true if we had idle pot-hole filling crews. Sounds pretty easy to check.
Lol thank u, u got a Facebook?
Next Monday: free audit for popular Film & TV Audition Scene Study Class w/ BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso. 3 spaces left.
No Justice for Caylee! I'm sick to my stomach!!!
We are live today on the inside stage of The Korova for The Big Spill 2012 (Music Festival in SA). Go check out the livestream.
okay....so, how ya think its gonna go?
#FF Thanks to we won a wristband to #SXSW! How cool is that?
The pup is having a good day. I think we'll spend a little extra time out in the yard this evening and enjoy the tiny snow flurry.
Darn you #starbucks for posting your calories! You're makings think twice on the delicious chocolate brownie in the case
I hope I really did make you cry , & i hope i really did hurt you !
Simple tip, just relax your neck using doctors recommended neck pillows and forget about your cell phone for a few moment
Know that no matter what you're going thru,God can see u thru it. God Bless.
Thanks for coming to my show!!
Non-Autistic people almost 100 % of the time *get it wrong* about Autism & the Autistic person - better off w/o them in r life
ActionScript 3 for food: KirAnnotator - Flex AIR annotation tool ...
I'm staying out of this one.
Anyone in the Dallas area looking for a part-time prepress position? DM me and I'll pass on the information.
I don't think they would want to do that, especially if it's a substantial amount of the military budget. :/
#ILoveSatCoffee See you next week! It would be sweeter with a gift card! Love your ugly muffin!
Yes! RT programming for the next few months. Looks like a good winter to avoid the cold in my favorite place.
#GoBadgers!! :) Let's Go!
So if I have the right numbers but they're in the wrong order do I still win?
Thanksgiving was great...good food with friends. Didn't score anything big on Black Friday. Was looking for a cheap laptop..need an HDTV.
Feel your pain. RT : When a journo follows up a quick "I'm interested, please send more info" response with radio silence.
#Garry that
#50shades RT" : If my life doesn't end up like the lucky one or 50 shades of grey I'm gunna be pissed"
Mequon's #E-Street is such a cute boutique. Awesome staff, great selection. Felt like Chicago!
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 36
New Year's Eve will never be the same. RIP
It's time to Sonic
You are beautiful. Don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise. I love everything about you Niall James Horan<333
any plans for tomorrow?!
Very exciting!
You know what makes me happy? Seeing a courtroom artist's drawing, seeing all those women on the Supreme Court bench.
The Travel Goods Show in Las Vegas has finally begun. What booths are you looking forward to the most?
I love making it seem like I'm really into my homework with my head down but really I'm tweeting
It's going to be 80°! Hell yeah I'm going to play golf!
It would be interesting to see a new player come out, but w/ the 'saurus so strong it would be a tough battle
This Thursday we're at Rio Brazos in Granbury for the first time!!
If Georgia wins today, the nat'l champ will be played by TWO teams who didn't win their conference champ?
Awesome! What class are you currently in?
sounds like a good deal
I wish upon a star, I wish at 11:11, I even pray for it, But what Im wishing for is a 1 and a million chance that i'll meet u.
I'm referring to dance since I'm a student of all 3 flamenco teachers in town and I also help promote shows & workshops.
#20ThingsAboutMe I love my family and close friends
"Supermoon" my ass.
Tami kinda cute
Sushi w my man made it all better. Plus new highlights. Red! I've always wanted red hair. Can't do it...but got copper highlights. :)
have so many things on my mind , and so my places to go ..... tryin to stay focus at all times .
ya know once ate an entire horse in one sitting and then beat John McEnroe in ping pong.
Bryce Harper scores run after hitting powerful double. No boos from the hometown crowd. #Nats go ahead 3-2.
That's when you change your name and become a master thief/assassin for hire. Scouring the land for adventure and... stuff.
If U mess up when a script, be quite, wait 4 direction. No jibber jabber btwn takes. Its a production nightmare.
Yeah, that's what I meant. ;)
Shawn's parents Bob & Linda are in town for 's show tonight at the M Bar in Hollywood! Come meet them, show at 10 PM!
I am disappointed that my #NewYorkKnicks' roller coaster season has come to an end, but I guess that it was to be expected.
loved Son of No One Trailer on Boxee
Welcome to Mizzou! Beyond excited that you are a Tiger!
RT" These Dane County judges are just aiding voter fraud in the state of WI. Trust me, I know A LOT about fraud."
": Great morning wrld, keep your head high & ur dreams a reality everyone"
I can has cookies?
I'm excited, too!
AFFILIATE BROKERS CAN EARN SIX- FIGURE INCOMES. SEND A EMAIL REQUEST TO
For your singing health needs Thayers natural remedies is a must have! Look it up.
Hi everyone! Havent been on much, been sick almost all week
I can't think of a better way to end the SOTU watching.
Happy Easter!!!;)
what's the highest usable ISo on the D3?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination
Wanna draw..... what should it be?
On my way to the mall. If you don't hear from me in 2 hours.... Send reinforcement. F
I want you back
Michael Schwimer says Diekman, Valdes and Luna called up to Phils. I'll withhold belief until Rob Lowe confirms, thank you very much
I love the new album. I've been streaming it everyday since it started playing on Adam Official!
If you are, ever have been, or would like to become a Bond client send us some tweet feedback, would be great to hear from you.
can u come for dindin and funfun on Sunday?
Did you watch the #GoldenGlobes last night?
i need to reserve my Billy Bob's ticket now so i can yell out something stupid during the recording.
TAYLOR SWIFT!! GOOSH I LOVE HER!
Had a ball with the fam. My boo my crazy bro and his wifey my cuzzo and her fiancé
Why are people not accomplishing their goals? They are to worried about other people.
shout out to
OMG!, I L.O.V.E #SaySomthin, Best song of 2012.
girl hang out asap!!! I wanna inappropriately touch you.
You right... RT : smh no one dude
Go Giants its a tweet battle with the cubs
Thank you for sharing your favorite quotes!
Nice! Really impressive :)
I'm a groupie :)
Thats ok, I'll put you under my wing!!!
seeing you girls & the Yankees tomorrow is the only thing getting me through this day.
SafetySkills specializes in oil and gas safety. Check out our series on petroleum exploration and production!
Dont tell me Justin Masterson doesnt look like Voldemort from Harry Potter
I'll wave goodbye when you say hello.
Good evening tweeters the quote of the day is: Take time to PLAY... It is the secret of perpetual youth.
Stock market: heavy insider selling at Mastercard (MA). Beware, stock could take a hit.
where in BV are you at? Wanted to congratulate you on 10k peeps having a San Tan can in hand yesterday! :)
Oh wow Im glad you and your precious cargo are ok!! so sorry! Very scary xoxo
Turtlenecks or Twinkies? #iphone or #droid? Seems there is a personality debate among users.
#20ThingsAboutMe I am the jealous type :/u
Why don't operators just get a chair?
Had a great visit in Texas ... Love my friends & family to death ...Had tons of fun.. Not looking forward to going back to Alaska ... 8-(
Pizza and wings with tonight!
Sometimes we have to realize that we're making life harder than it really is by not letting go of things that no longer matter... #LetItGo!
I will if my future wife let's me hahaha I'm naming my other son "Drew Doughty" because me and him share the same bday lol
While your proposal to end the BCS intrigues me I cannot in good conscience give you my support.
Please check out my profile- think I'd be a good fit for a full time position you have open? Please shoot me an email! :)
today is your lucky day!
“: Saturday means a bowl or two or three or five or nine” calm down cowboy
congrats to you both! And many many more years to come for u both:-)
good morning. Hopefully today will fly.
Thank goodness for the #smbmsp45 stream tomorrow - may not make it in person.
Fuck with a winner.
gotta love
Majority of moles are benign spots. On the other hand, skin cancer, melanoma and lymphomas of the skin are malignant .keloidsurvey.com.
This time change is killin' me. :c
ROWR! Seski feel need for speed! Alpine slide at MtHood SkiBowl so awesome. Mountain Wind in Seski fur with sunshiny day to end adventure
wasn't it also included on that pyramid of food they made us memorize when we were young?
Did Google Translate filtered through a vocoder put you in a trance? Thanks for the RT.
Thanks for following Michelle
I went on Thursday and had a wonderful time. I hope you found a rebroadcast that wasn't sold out!
i need 2000 followers help me bro
that's so sweet
Stupid joggers
Thanks for following!
Wow - you got crazy insane good luck (for having been broken into, as it were)! That's fantastic!
I was filming princes AB...hoping for a follow up
Do you have what it takes to work on set? Netflix series #HemlockGrove is looking for PAs. Check out the website for details!
hey ! come play during our virtual exchanges nxt week in #Chicago !!! #Exchange20 cc
Phineas & Ferb is my favorite cartoon at the moment. <3 :)
lol! now following.....follow back.
club melt is free
"Kate, you are nothing if not reliably clumsy, in an adorable way." - best compliment ever from friend after telling her of my latest fall.
Ron Burgundy does not understand
thanks for the encouragement, so very needed...
So jealous! I have a couple that I haven't had time to play with :(
love it!!! Aww what a great dog!
Nice win against prendie
How near? I'm looking for a place, though I'm leaning more towards downtown. But I do work at UNLV...
thanks for the follow Emily :)
Did you hang up on someone? Shame on you.
Get ready for half price drinks during the game!
That sounds awesome!
Looking to re-roof? How about a roof restoration with a 10 year warranty at 2/3 cost! Call for details or Quote. 505-504-2522 Steve
You're most welcome. Thanks for noticing!
lmfao if we both went in there and were like hey are you guys hiring i dont even know what they would do
Please help retweet
bummer! hope you are feeling better
RT MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
Oops, didn't see the update with the other translation. I like his version better. Never mind.
I am so sleepy!!
Rock on! tickets sold out!! Benefit for Oliver Gant, feat. The Avetts, Love Language & more”
OH MY GOD ITS ALMOST UR BDAYYY!
Linkage Awards ram pack
why are you tweeting during class?
Do I look like a f*****g people person?
thanks for RT #Sept11 Berry Berenson Perkins bit.ly/mZND7L Her wedding ring was found on the street months later.
No Rush...How can we win with no rushing game, and soft coverage?
Get your spandex on, and stock up on your hair spray because its a #dudeitsthe80s weekend only on
Austin airport is a madhouse. Lines through security are atrocious. No surprise, but I should have woke up about an hour earlier.
Showers always make me feel awesome.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
Thx for the feedback! Always looking for contributors, & I think highly of please connect w &
W.blackstreetintl.com check us out and get the latest Mixtapes from and
thanks! Love ya !
smart, sexy and critical. The whole package. :-)
Feel moderately guilty (black n gold forevahhh), but im lovin donald driver!! Good job boo, i grew up on motown too, you rocked it!! :)
Aaron Rodgers not on the 2011 Pro Bowl team. WR Greg Jennings, OL Chad Clifton, S Nick Collins, LB Clay Matthews, CB Charles Woodson did
"Eye of the Tiger" is trending? I feel older and younger at the same time.
Elway: You can look at every position on our team, and we could get better.
I knew it. U don't like me anymore. Fuck...it's like being broken up with AGAIN...</3
Can too much snark explode my iPad? Cuz if so, I can switch over to my MacBook for Bachmann.
what yall have tomorrow?
Interesting Proj X story :) - How about giving parents tips on how to keep homes safe through neighborhood social networking?
finally got a break but I didn't want to walk in the beta summit with the door closed :(
Creativity comes from zeal to do something, generally it is to make some money.
what happened with EY? :(
I like the title!
ew. what kind of recipes are you trying to find? epicurious is a good place to look.
sounds good, with a beer. :)
I was so naive and dumb when i was young. lmao i shoulda grew up quicker but i was stubborn and focused on "fitting in."
thanks so much... Looking forward to checking you guys out...have a great weekend
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
I LOVE charm city.
PHI not shying away from 1st open shot they see, as they try to pick up the tempo. Brand with 13 pts. CHI 41 PHI 36 4:22 2nd Q
Birthday in 13 more days!!!!#TeamAries, new tatt,new piercings,I.d updated,Yess 18 around the corner !!!
I.guess you didn't see where I called you the other day
Coffee ice cream ♥
Happy to help on such an exciting day! RT : Getting Broncos around town on Manning thanks to for their help.
Most of them are baseball and SNL related videos
It's Saturday and we are serving up $10 cheese flights until 6. Nosh: the cold cereal and cartoons of adulthood.
I'm not hate Korea. I just feel like kinda living in boring life, though. Are you in Korea now? Let's meet soon
Why not enjoy this weather with some carne Asada! The weather is perfect for a BBQ! Pick up your carne Asada today and get your grill on!
Mystified by these "Mac-N-Cheezy Fun Ravs." Are they supposed to be shaped like manta rays?
CONGRATS Melissa!! Your Chloe Long Sleeve Tee will be on its way to you soon!
the slogan..."giving you places to put shit"
Ever notice how designers can't leave their website alone? Design is an evolution. If you don't move forward your website will say ©2007.
stop posting my mobile-based status update *location* by default and *publicly* by default... this is a huge security risk!
So apparently I look bad in skinny jeans. Great.
Woot!! Lob city clips!!!! Time for the mavs
We are fooled by a big con when we donate. Focus is on beneficiaries, not reality.
Everyone in El Paso! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Falling tree injures Accord motorist
yeay, thats what i was going for!
I'm off to the Hollywood Jammers game right now. Come join me and Hip Hop Artist "The GAME" and others tonight at Grant High School 7:30 PM.
hello every one, i am testing to see if twitter followers areally following my tweets. please reply with "yes i am following" thank you
Love yuni b
Web Site worked for me
Music is such a beautiful & powerful thing, it only sucks when certain songs remind you of people that you don't want to think about.
I don't k ow hopefully I'll find out! So I can go to a friends house lol
I bet. I remember there was fund raisers here to help out.Seeing ppl come 2gether across the country 4 Joplin was&is very cool
Zambia may establish metal exchange to leverage copper dominance
Who's your favorite Photographer?
The half ass badass, not committing to his rhymes makes me giggle.
Got changed on my way to work...while driving. Got a lot of odd looks from people
I complain to everyone thinking thats gone make me feel better but it don't.
I was throughout all the bull.shit so itals safe to say I was a good w e you considered me
How do you define success of a live tweeted event? Special-ness does seem important. (But then who defines that?)
We're helping out at the St Francis Academy Halloween Party.
Did you know...People with diabetes are 40% more likely to suffer from glaucoma than people without
because i feel like no one likes me
Miami is NOT letting up!
I love he is amazing!!! :) please follow me Harry!!
HOW DO YOU LOVE CHICAGO SO FAR ? <3 you guys are welcomed here any day !
anywhoo people who laugh at shit thats not funny <
Happy to share my thoughts on valued added analysis at #aiip webinar. Always interested in other views.
yea.. easier said than done ash.. its the worst
Ha! OK shutting it down now....
Sark-rebleu! It's Hollande in France (which will certainly get confusing for the Netherlands)
writing on the spot def gives that raw immediacy to the spits.
I feel ya. I don't have many close friends, and near me none.
I could spend hundreds of dollars in whole foods without an ounce of regret
Should've added your #Twitter handle to pic, snap! Have a safe trip to Kentucky.
Can you follow this dude he need more follower :)
Good one! Even would appreciate that one. #She'sHereAllDay
OH: Phones are where hashtags started...
yes! get the ball back G Force NOW
Waddup we finally got in touch bout' time to talk business lol keith was doing all the talking for us wassup tho?
What draws your wrath?
Math is so hard!!
what happened to us eating healthy this trip?
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic =( *Psigh*
I know how you feel. I can't sleep cause I got too much on my mind. You're not alone.
I love you too
i'm thinking about breaking into 's and smoking a few bowls. too impatient!
haha feel free
Happy #NationalNursesWeek! We would like to recognize all the wonderful nurses at our network of hospitals around the world.
My work day is just about over...
Thanks Rock! As always, we appreciate your support. RT : #SGIAExpo is a must. Registration is now open. I'll see you there.
Thank you HeartBroken!
You're welcome!
Curious about Wii? Play Wii Sports and games. Attend our program, Wii Sports and Games for Adults on Thursday, December 22, at 4 pm.
hey hey... #Maine is a solid team and has the top first line in the league. Great game by both teams.
how helpful huh?
Beer is heavy, UPS charges by weight, we charge flat UPS rates. We don't even have a packing fee added on...
lol no I'm not
we are! RT : Friday night my winning 20/20 special on lottery winners & losers. I'm in an office lottery pool, are you?
But dogs found in Pr. Geo.'s Co. thus the tag.
thank you!
The LA city bus system could turn Mother Theresa into a bloodthirsty savage. Imagine what it does to me.
Thanks for the follow Layton. Best to you!
I bet Ron Washington's cocaine buddies hated him. Have you seen the nose on that fucker?
ASAP ROCKY is that shit.
Need my list too lol jk
RT if you are running the this weekend!
Ozzie on suspension: "To me it's a sad situation...but that decision is made and I respect that decision."
This event seems super cool! Just saw all of the ads underground.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Many Blessings to everyone!! No watching the diet today lol!
Excellent photography!
and Eden! Ah the 140 limit got me! What is she, 19 today? ENJOY!!!! So much to celebrate!!!
Hahaha! So when are you coming to visit us?
Watching Secretariat <3
This boy means so much to me but lives so far away what should I do?
Yes! Edmodo is great. Use it within class and in collaborative projects with other schools/classrooms.
Got to see my personal favorite, Boogie Nights (1997), on the big screen—on film. Thanks, !
Last.fm just served me an ad for Let's Rock Elmo. I can't tell if they don't know me at all, or if they know my too well.
and thank YOU for letting us know about your experience! We have to know about it to make it right. We hope to you again soon.
Great Picture! Thanks for coming to Albuquerque and staying at our hotel
wtf is with saying women have balls? courage is a masculine trait now? let's whip up some gender neutral pronouns & slang for bravery
818 Scott, what up doe!!!
not you either..!!
Awk. I don't do follow backs.
I no you wont see this! But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and
Been one hell of a week so far...never gonna say it could be worse again. Replacing that shitty phrase with ..bring it.
but if you really WANTED it to end, I'm sure you could find more destructive habits to make it happen for yourself.
Heading to Daley Plaza for coverage.
It's such a drag always being the heavy, man.
Family time
I'm in NYC where it's allegedly hot...but nothing like India :-)
...that is so cool, Kevin.
Closer to yes! Almost there! Check out OASIS on kickstarter! It needs your support! You'll receive sweet rewards. 4 days left to...
Practice your interview with a colleague before you have the real interview. Robles
If only there were a hundred trees surrounding me I might feel like I was home!
Thanks for helping us feed our hungry neighbors RT : I had a great time volunteering today...
what time do you go on at bowery electric?
Beach reading for trip to Mexico: Mists of Avalon. Putting it out in the Twitter void because I cant be alone with the shame/weirdness.
No I haven't. It seems I screen about 60 percent of what I should
Someday you’ll see the reason why, Sometimes, yeah sometimes, there’s good in goodbye
RT : Social media is not a tech job.
First market speak quote of the day - "asymptotic rise"
I do, too... but I didn't know that cooking was part of what makes me a nerd!
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
Excuse me???
i've been great, no complaints. im glad to see that your business is going well!!! i know you'll do big things =)
Nice photo, very rustic looking!
don't get too attached to Denzel's character!
YIKES!!!! STAY SAFE MY DRUMMER DUDE!
I am still here LOL
Bye! Good lunch! ;)
Thanks for the retweet Mark! I just followed you and am about to check out your tweets - which look really interesting!
wouldn't Kentucky from this year beat those 10?
Cavs are winning the lottery anyway, it don't matter
You are so welcome, glad to hear that you are; just continue having Those Uplifting Days.
Exciting first day of grad colloq., great P Wald keynote on contagion. Debut of #swerve, a collaborative cyberpunk serial—sweet
me nervous. I am going to be in charge very soon and I don't know how much I am going to let Ava see you. Ava tolerates you. Compared to me
Now that all the smoke is gone and the battle finally won
Hi Nahla! This particular group is actually for American YES students going to spend a year in other countries!
I need to stop waking up at three in the afternoon..
If only you saw what i could see, youd understand why i want you so desperately.
<<< It's a great community of people and been an awesome experience for me. Let me know when you are ready!
your middle name for now on will Emma. :)
Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
Shocking excitement today about 3D scanning by archaeologists here in MD. Bet their heads would explode if they came to #NEXTgenM!
just sent it!!!
I love that You love it star .. stay shining always..
With any amount of luck, we'll be launching this month -- AND will be joining us in studio. Fingers crossed!
Do you think you will do another live chat soon ?
Woke up sick-_- and it's on Mother's Day *sigh*
no money = no piercing .... kill me :(
Carrick couldnt track a Barcelona midfielder that had a Lo-Jack up his ass.
Kobe dramatic...
I can't have guy friends? But he has a girl as a bestfriend.. A lil messed up? I think yes. #pissed off
The weather outside is amazing today.
The Timeline conversion is upon us! You have one more day to get everything looking good! Does anyone have any questions? I am here to help!
long story girl
Ok tough guy.
Awesome! Driving? Room in the car? Help driving? We managed to forget about til right now and SAD.
LMAO. You mean lucky. Go Bears!
If you send more than one Facebook invitation to the same thing, I will come & shit right in the middle of whatever it is
#hungergames that's all.
Its not true. Funny how rumors get started...:/
did you see episode two of TB?
Two demos up later today! Thanks to Carl for recording us and getting them done so quick Check them out @ www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Setting up some 4th Gen. iPod Touches so our faculty can engage in #mobile goodness at
good and yu?
I had the best dream ever last night, lol (: I met 143
hello sweets! ❤
Weird conference today. Parent screamed at me, cried, and finally hugged me all within a 2 hour conference.
Jean de La Fontaine~ In everything one must consider the end.
Reading tweets & the CPD has stopped the from performing @ the House of Blues because of lyrical content I smell Bullshit
On your iPhone? The new OS has a separate notifications area under Settings that you have to change.
This is great! Thanks for sharing - and happy to pass it on.
GET THAT CHEESE, DONT BE SCARED OF THAT MICE TRAP
you're a health missionary. Converting the SAD heathen.
I believe #QRcodes are the NOW of #print & publishing! I think #clickablepaper will be next big tech trend for the industry too!
RT : Come catch Gaby G, Kenzo, and Shaggy perform in their developing projects called De Veras at Home Room tonight in......
Function first. That is what actually makes the $$. A little wonkiness in #Ux will be ignored if they can pay w/o pain
Aw, thanks for the congrats on the Daily Candy piece!
what the H is a nook? Like an E book
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY! Love, Riviera Spa
you have an excuse for sounding like a turd :P
Been crushing on you since #Josie & I was so scared of what I was. Follow our theatrical play & movement abt bullied gay youth!
I'm not sure that's tension they are feeling :)
I don't think it's on YouTube yet. I'm watching it on my DVR. I'd think it will be on YouTube by tomorrow or Wednesday.
So happy you enjoyed it!
We hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend!!
Hey you wanted to talk about the modeling shoot me a DM I'm Down to model just let me know
teacher meetings are designed specifically to schedule All the homework to one day. i.e. we are Hiroshima and they are the Enola gay
Man I'm rdy to get TATTED again
This should be good! ": Our #OSCARS performance is scheduled to open after the halfway mark! Are you as excited as we are?"
He's never even gone close to 100, so 150 would probably be the absolute maximum.
SUNDAY GIRL A SMART FILLY - Daily Star
Rt if u ever knocked over all ur smoke, over on that high shit. I sure the fuck just did. Smfh
that is so wrong!!!lol
I'M WRITING MUSIC THE WORDS OF MOTIVATION MIXTAPE VOL. 5 GET READY
All Your Musca Are Belong To Us
awesome, impeccable and simply a blessing. I'm a fan and would love to produce a tune for you with a latin tinge.
he's not that into me anymore we were hanging out with somefriends yesterday and he didn't even bothered talking to me
Join us to talk --> RT : TOPIC – Cars YOU Want to Own vs Cars You’d Like Your Friends to Own
LOL what's up?
“: Don't mistake friendly for flirting..That's how you get you're feelings hurt.”
I hated it.
Could be enjoying being awake this morning more...
thank you
New song being released tonight called "crawling through quicksand"
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice! Come in and have a great meal today!
How could I possibly repay you for letting me know about this??
2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks And Panini America Announce Multi-Year Marketing And Game-Worn Memorabilia Agreement
Another awesome service with my peeps at point loma convalescent home & enjoyed some in and out burger afterwards
So much new new music hit iTunes this week. Maroon 5, Jason Mraz, Linkin Park, Train! So
I love you.
Free Hugs.
Show tonight at 7:30 ish! this is my last performance at the grill until October!!!! i will be on tour for Aug and Sept.
awesome on DWTS tonite Big Guy! Gr8 memories... Thanks!!!
getting played on Mix 93.3 in Kansas city.... Thank you !!!
Monday Night Live + Today’s Special Beef Stroganoff = Goodbye Monday Blues!
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause I'm sick and lost my voice hehehe
Adam Sandler movies>>>
I will look, too.
RT : just gave me a sneak preview of the new album, "Beyond the Vast Endless Sea." Brilliant & gorgeous.
dam my coworkers are messy!!!
um we are hanging out soon so text me & let me know when<3
well u should be fine the Ultrasound is pretty interesting experience make sure you take out your belly ring if you have one
This game had best not be a blow out!
2 Polaroid employees' activism started intense pressure on Polaroid- 1977 Polaroid divests -
I am at one with my bitchiness, but really, don't make me out to be the evil one.
Im living life before my fame ;)
S/o to the guy that wrote "send money" on his graduation cap
her fault. She's the bitch.
doesn't give them alot of credit!
Wow he just disrespected you like you're nothing and you want to marry this guy? Are you feeling well
Yup, that's where I am: in MSR Boston. Where's the thing you read?
Excited to try Rasika in #westend tonight with ! I've never had Indian food before
just sayin you have the funniest tweets I've been laughing for an hour haha
THANKX a lot
Trick or treat a little extra tonight! Bring that extra candy to us tomorrow! We've actually got quite a collection started today
For all the artist out there we have the Dancers and Models for your Mixtape Release Parties, Videos, Covers whatever. Hit us up
Why the fuck is the news on my tv?
All sorts of cheating on today. :) SE/A this morning, now it's NLM Drug Info with
Only in America u can find people that check their phones every 10 sec and still manage to loose them
Jesus dummb ass <<<<
who knew?!
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from. Jodie Foster
why cant it just be warm?!?!?
Last night I saw a guy walking through ellis with a loaf of bread and a 24 pack of gatorade. We will just never be on that guy's level
If round is a shape then yes, you are in shape.
Unicycle man on
Good morning people! Hope everyone is having a great 4th of July!
": What if when we close our eyes everything dissappears? #mindblowing"
Im out Here today
Tweet Tweet Tweet
LIFE HAPPENS!! The plan that we have may not be the PLAN that God Has... But keep on trucking!!!!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Norfolk State!
Have had about enough of the claim that the sole reason one built a large house or bought expensive goods was to show wealth.
plese help trend
just makin sho I tried calling u back yesterday it went straight to voicemail
I feel so refreshed. That sleep was amazing!
Aww yess I do. Both Hannah and me do. Mine is and Hannah's is Thanks so much! :)
:( I'll bring my own Clorox wipes lmao.
More celebs need to use their celebrity status as effectively. Protesting, posting video clips, and engaging the press will help.
maybe me and
FAMOUS SEDAN AIRPORT TRANSPORTATION SHUTTLE SERVICE is a professional, dependable and reliable luxury sedan limousine service. 248) 971-3100
Completely agreed.
cuz ulike her music or to boo her off the stage
CONCERTS ! 2nite at Body English / 2moro & at Cheyanne Saloon !
Ughh that really sucks ass. What a crazy/difficult season #dabulls had. #chi has the best TEAM in the NBA & healthy we'll go all the way.
Hi NFF - just sent you a quick DM about co-hosting/blogging for , a chat for #arts managers. What do you think?
None. There were 2 but they let me cut for a can of Ranger.
San Francisco > Oakland Does that make me a yuppie?
U ARE PERFECT :)
NBA + SEATTLE = Happy fans in Washington. NBA - SITTING COMMISSIONER = Healthier NBA RESULT = Bring a team back to Seattle ASAP!
Two members competing in #gwbizplan - awesome!
I see two amazing bloggers. In frames by some hot women.
Cam Newton is better than you think and so is the Arizona secondary... tomorrow will show all.
TY great article what a wonderful use for that area of
make an awful 2nd strike call on Freese. Freese gets a 2 RBI single next pitch. #NewEra for the #Cardinals. Let's Roll.
you should see the one where tim is tongue punching jabbys fart box... Gross
Miss America evening gown competition just concluded. Stunning gowns, beautiful ladies, and beautifully staged.
Had father-in-law over for brunch this morning to celebrate Father's Day. Egg 'n veggie scramble was well-received.
Oakland show for jun 14 is sold out and me and tried really hard to win tickets but we really want to go
Another hot & humid day in NYC! But sure is delightful. Auditioning at 11.
looking fine to us? is it still down for you?
#edshow Turns out it was AL GORE's GIRLFRIEND that invented the INTER-METH......Odd.....
#TampaBay legend #JimmieGiles thinks u dont have what it takes to beat him in #fantasyfootball. See what he means at bit.ly/oRFhKN
AAM members get in free! And if you're not a member maybe your conference badge would do the trick.
Evacuations lifted in the wildfire in Silver City. 9 acres, 20% contained. No buildings burned.
Have a blessed day everyone!
"Letter To My Son" hits home with me, major props to another dad doin' what it takes, I can relate for sure.
Give the gift of health, message me about my 6 month program rates!
Switched on the turntable, got out my bag of old 45s, and ended up dressing the Xmas tree to Hall and Oates B-side "No Brain No Pain."
Updating your HRIS? Make sure ALL BUSINESS rules are UNDERSTOOD! Have multiple eyes look at everything. DO NOT depend upon your 1 expert!
Do you have any New Year's resolutions relating to food? What are they?
We are in Washington for the Summer. If you or someone you know needs Video services for their business or products, give us a call.
Stevie Nicks sux
I think that tweet was about me . :/
what is ur problem ,
I have decided: I care, yet I do not care who wins the cup. In my mind us Habs won.
Not entirely sure just what I saw on the Rugby World Cup but I'm pretty certain it was the coolest thing in sports
Thanks for following!
Well, I don't know whether this could have turned out any better...
moderate democrats are the difference for control in the house. No moderate Democrats, you have a Republican controlled house.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action
In case you missed it: LOS VAN VAN cancelled their North American Tour-- Charanga del Valle is playing TONIGHT!
Tweet me a song
...where 3/4 of the men there looked like Kenny Powers.
Really? I mean, really?? RT If i hav kids, i guarantee they gon grow up dumb cuz imma thump em in they soft-spot for cryin
Then as an environment artist, I am awesome because I have done scenes using both completely handpainted to photo real textures
New goal for the summer - try as man food carts as humanly possible. Any suggestions?
Sitting in the IU Informatics lounge. Getting to reverse roles and be the dad of the prospective student.
I loved that you pronounced syracuse wrong :)
that's what i remembered from the by-gone days when I was a post subscriber
RT Thought you would enjoy this news!
If still looking for new career please check out bit.ly//mightannoy You'll need some entrepreneurial spirt & a sense of humor.
#WhereHaveYouBeen on ! #HappyFriday what do you want to hear?
Thx to everyone who came out during my talk. Great questions!
I'm going to have to make that happen soon. I'll show you with a tweet pic! There's a huge 65" LCD at Sams......
Monday is Fun Day for me and ❕can't wait!
Be careful honey! Many have died already from synthetic marijuana. As we found out with out beautiful Max, it only takes once.
Sound the siren! Let's Go Blues! 1-0
#shoutout #Follow our friends Thanks for the support guys!!
Reminder! Lev on "How to Compare 1 Million Images?" TOMORROW at 4pm in the (sponsored by SHANTI, IATH, & the SLab)
if you used really or very or kinda unique, i would. but i'm also plenty sloppy on social media.
I’ll Have Another
I was appalled to see a bunch of people in a bar in MI wearing blackhawks jerseys. ugh.
if they did one more release, they could easily do that 50K... I have had it in my budget for nearly 2 years now :/
The line between art and life should be kept as fluid, and perhaps indistinct, as possible. - Allan Kaprow
Will do !
This time he blogged expand into weakness
pass that shit
Greinke's turn to get a No-no tomorrow
Agree! RT Too bad for Portugal! What a good team. #por Portugal
Stereotypes & Misconceptions in #SocialMedia with
Great live jazz and art at the B Spot in Capitol Hill. 7-11 tonight
RT Music is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Anyways, I think i'm gonna go now, talk tomorrow/later :) Goodnight babes <3<3<3<3<3
Out of the 5 Philosophies of education, I find myself siding with Social Reconstructionism the most.
I'm not going home for spring break
Hi Christine, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
oops. I always forget.
Do you really want to sink money in Gary???!!! Detroit???!!!. I don't think so. Renting lets you get out.
Thank you to everyone who submitted photos, we received some amazingly horrid ones! Now it's time to vote for your favorites:...
everything was movin slow an shit an I went to sleep lol
Weezer can play on my Maine island in the sun anytime. We've got wicked lobsters.
Greek Easter is today ;)
Sorry ain't no favors around here homeboy/homegirl
I find it pretty nerdy that I check like 5 apps before I go to bed lol. Twitter is one of em
All because I tried to show her a video with UFOs
Fresh pot of Crab N Corn chowder ready at #Frenchys Original Cafe...1st one to find Mike & say "I <3 Frenchys" gets a bowl FREE!
Chicago #Bears: Jay Cutler says thumb feels fine, eager to return to field
Twitter is a great PLN~helps me find great resources 4 my teachers-informative articles, conference resources, search hashtags2
Please tell us which professor gave that test. They will be suspended.
Can't wait for this call, sounds amazing!
Tip of the Day: Improve your confidence level and overall presence by maintaining a more active and healthy lifestyle.
Always amazed by the conclusions people draw from afar. Constantly surprising. Twitter can be a scary place.
radio tonight! Special guests Stevokaneivel, Rick the Warrior, Whitney Houston, & Anna. That shit cray!
Myth- #Cosmetic surgery is about vanity. Truth- If you feel good about your body, you feel better about yourself.
Looking good! How hard did you miss Instagram on Android? Are there other apps you're missing?
#O's are still shining bright.
George Zimmerman's father seems like a swell guy. Seriously, why hasn't his son been arrested yet?
Let me sing you a song Make u forget something's wrong
Ice cream my bed and Colombiana
Enjoyed super #training day w/ #customer service professionals today. Wrkshp. :#Communicating w/ Clarity & #Impact #Trove can help ur
Yes it is.
I KNOW! and their hormones and stuff except when most of them on they period >.<
Attention #ATSU: Blackboard is back up and running well. Thanks again for your patience! :)
Where u at u in san antonio right
Corner Kitchen in Biltmore Village. The Obamas ate there! (12 bones would be great but is closed..)
Tonight Brian Kaldorf is talking to us about his work as a studio photographer. Stay tuned for tips on lighting and other studio topics!
heey can you do me a HUGE favor?!(:
crazy, crazy world
I found a flashcard set where the teacher wrote "fornication" instead of "fortification" as the word meaning "a stronghold".
Lmao the bulls are fucked jeez! 
Then other chicks is superficial , but I knoe that you knoe I'm number one
Joseph Ventricelli had his first performance on stage in elementary school. He was Stevie Wonder!
Are we going to see a picture?
Chick-fil-a is great tasting food, fershit corporation. Makes my boycott difficult.
Really a question for I'll note, though, that this one's more of a directory/census than an #altac survey. +
- watching Matt Guerrier take the hill for the #Dodgers here at #MillerPark in #Milwaukee. Remember him?
Another day. Another meeting with a tourist stranger. Another recomendation for the Thames Street Oyster House.
Oh my gosh! If you've got a migraine, you should probably go home. They're completely intolerable for me. :*( Feel better.
thanks to , I bump to hip hop in languages I don't understand. flow is king
thanks for the feedback. Will try to fix.
i dont want to go to school.
I FREAKING love ! Every song he sings is friggin' amazing! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Oh yeah, I forgot---too old, too slow & too washed up, lol.
n I love you too
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever !!!:):)
Day one of the Masters and I'm on vacation. Perfect!
You sound amazing in that video and you look SEXY. I'm in LOVE!
omgash when can i see you i miss you so mucho
Lars, with your back surgery and all, we never got you to Denver to speak. How about in November?
A Sazerac? It's actually a cocktail made with Old Overholt Rye Whiskey, simply syrup, peychaud & angostura bitters, absinthe, lemon oil
me too! #thevoice RT : O COME ON. Totes on the edge of my kitteh condo back here.
#wewontworkif you smell
puff it
Demented is when you see things that aren't there, , while melancholy is how you see things that are there. I think.
Looks are deceiving. Good looks are more deceiving.
Taking my Mom to see 'Think Like A Man' and then to Applebees for Mother's Day/Birthday.
thanks for the guess. I'll give answer at 2.
Ask Todd. We had a few on our way out of town in Dec.
« TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing»
have you heard any of nickelback's new stuff
is it the noise or because they look like spiders ?
: next time you head to drop me a line. I would love to say hi!
An angry, ungrateful wook on his way down from a drug-fueled tour and back to unemployment.
fuck me like yu miss me !
This week I'm interviewing for Gay Life Baltimore...(GLCCB)...wait for it...JOAN RIVERS!
Thanks for support!“: Off to a great start! All young ppl have a right 2 access info & education on #SRHR . Side event at #CPD2012”
Man I love going into liquor stores in states other than PA. Who WOULDN'T love a Wal-Mart sized liquor store?
I was just about to cancel my membership, but Mad Men and Friday Night Lights on Instant means my instant plan will have to stay!
Who is going to get up early for the #NASCAR race tomorrow?
of course! Be there tomorrow hahaha
You stole my friend. ;)
Thanks for the shout out we are so pleased you enjoy our wild salmon tacos!
Now drinking a Mikkeller Beer Geek Bacon. Better than the Hop Breakfast by far
Nothing breaks your concentration more quickly than abrasively loud soccer moms spewing trivial nonsense about their everyday lives.
#TIIP4P Gen. Rick Lynch US Army "3 C's: communication, collaboration, commitment"
k text u in a bit
why do my parents keep putting bread in the freezer
haha! I'm still JT all the way I just gave the biebs some props for boyfriend ;)
I need to hire someone to slap coffee out of my hand if I try to drink a cup after 5 p.m.
Please add Lost Girl another season too. :) Loving every minute of it! :)
wishing it weren't so slow at the library during the holidays.
Well I've been trying to get to you as fast as possible!
Women have too much faith in Pill, condoms
Craig Coshun of just told us that at this very moment Corey Hart is working 1B def w/RR
Does Don Draper have to choke a bitch?
"Opinion tastes better than news" -
LISTEN UP MILWAUKEE, VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!! U WANT A RECALL VICTORY? U KNOW WHAT TO DO THEN!!
major boo as Hopkins as Alfred. Hitch is, at heart, a Calif boy.
TGIF! It's the start of July already and don't forget to stop by the clubhouse to pick up a copy of the July Newsletter and Calendar.
I have 3 sons so it breaks my heart to watch this interview but I have to say what a nice polite guy the brother of #Trayvon Martin is
we just posted our notes for hosting icon camps. you could totally organize one in toronto!
wow, you are full of great april fool's tricks.
Not necessarily, no. A good outlet won't release smthng they don't stand behind. But people free to dismiss, or retest
For my first tweet in awhile, I'll paint a really colorful picture for you. I've been taking mucinex for a few days and it's working. A LOT.
And hey sweetie, well I need you here tonight
Wednesday we are giving out free movie passes to see First Position at the Landmark Plaza Theater!Come to Ballet @ 5:45pm!
Gotcha on my To Follow list.
Becoming relevant online has to do with exposure! Be a part of the Shastic family! Publish your online portfolio for free! www.shastic.com
at mah aunts
Morning! After yesterday, between downtown and the heavy rain, it's definitely time for some sunshine.
Failure does not mean that I will never make it; It does mean that I need more practice
So you were able to make it out ?
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election! Cheers!
Happy Holidays! If you're at DTW this morning, stop by Heritage Books--I'll be signing copies of At The Dark End of the Street!
MISSISSIPPI AVENUE ALBERTA ARTS DISTRICT BELMONT & HAWTHORNE WE HAVE BRAND NEW HOMES COMING SOON IN ALL LOCATIONS.
omg congrats!!
girl you should have called me! That's my specialty!! #ILoveYardWork :)
Happy mothers day
I love Boston, lived there for my DI at BIDMC. You gave me a smile with your Paper Source post. Great store!
Seeing people happy is a
strikes out the side with fastballs after getting early k's with junk
wanna do something
Suppose to be doing something with my sisters
99 bitches don't compare to 1 loyal woman.
watching #jerryspringer. I'm ALWAYS amazed when fat women get violent when called FAT! I'M A FATBOY AND PROUD! FAT AND HAPPY!
What do you all fear more then anything? All go first ofcourse ZOMBIES
gonna be performing some Much Ado About Nothing tonight tomorrow Saturday and Sunday woo hoo!.
oh around lol my phone has been legit stupid lately
hello and Thank you
particularly with regard to important individual posts. -
great call. Do not show photo. do not imflame tensions. No good can be gained.
Noel Mazzone works w/ Tebow Osweiler & Phillip Rivers...3 of WORST deliveries in all of QBing. So, he is either Best or Worst guru ever!
It's a rainy day in LA.
Some girl just put her feet on blast on fb. i wanted to puke!
Gotta love our 225 Bush Street location in #SanFrancisco. If you need a #virtualoffice there $95/mo is an amazing price for downtown!
We swift
That's what my vanity plates are on my collector's edition bug shield.
The intro for the #NBAAllstar game has gotten out of hand! This is a basketball game. Not the VMAs.
Dog park!
2 things I'd never wear if I could-Pants and shoes. Its funny because I sell shoes and live in Chicago where its too cold not to wear pants.
time to cuddle up w. my blanket - Goodnight :)
Thanks to , former publisher of , for visiting us today.
morning to you..would love to meet tomorrow @ CTIA & give you a look at cellhelmet - 1st & only case to guarantee iPhone...
Today wasnt the same without ...i felt like there was a big part missing from me :(
Making it happen !!
shuttuuuup! You're hella flawless x)
wow you did great at the #SCREAMTOUR :) nice job u rocked it tonite #LatimoreGang lol
Thanks Audra for the include!!!
90% of the time when I say #oomf I'm talking about the same person
Thanks for the follow! You deserve a free song download dude! Just like me on Facebook and you'll get it! Thanks again
You can wash the cheese bits off your fingers, but you can't wash the shame off your soul
I'm bout to go on a cheating spree cause I hate who I'm talking to right now
Southern to the core.
Bell relents, signs tender offer with Bears - Chicago Tribune
hahahah i feel the same way
Happy wedding year to my 2012 brides! Can't wait!
We are trained to examine your home and tell you what needs to be done to make it more energy efficient.
Painful to watch the untalented. I understand the producer's reasoning but, I'd rather have seen more of the talented...
good lord
Candidate arrested for assault after pulling a gun in Staples getting 45% of vote in early returns//He couldn't find the EASY button.
can't wait to see you in Tampa tomorrow night!
Check out my next runway show this saturday! Its all benefitting local animal shelters! Doggies ready for adoption will be modeling too!
Do police sketch artists start out by drawing chalk outlines?
INTERNATIONAL Balloon Fiesta. RT : Languages heard spoken so far at Fiesta: Russian, Spanish, French & Japanese.
Hmm im full as hell RT: Tired as hell.
is so good. Just ate a chocolate donut via the way of #plane and all
I'm going to spend the day sitting underneath the Lincoln Memorial contemplating my existence. I'm not taking the Pats' loss well.
Severely craving one of 's mom's enchiladas.
Happy Halloween! What's your favorite #Halloween candy ?
I hate the library
Cheer up er'body. You can't have a Friday without a Monday.
I know! Guys like JR Smith, Novak, Fields, Chandler have to step up now and score some points.
Every time #emiril says "garlic" the crowd cheers. I understand why
My couson is such a ugh u know!! >:O
Streamers from the ceiling after a game 1 victory? Really, Atlanta? Hilarious.
you could always move in with
the key to vegan hangover breakfast is to just fire up the pan and throw that shit it in there - how much worse could you possibly feel?
RT Great day :) Amazing workout last night w/ , and slept great!
I will meet Justin someday. Never Say Never. I will talk to him and hug him.
Hell ya letang and Crosby
You're gonna claim you never said I didn't tear my shoulders but you did. YOU DID.
"We've been focused on lowering the barrier to content creation...no one is focused on improving content online" -biz stone
I'm home from work!!!
Free music, free boos, free horns game on flat screens. RAIN OR SHINE.
Lokey: i have an army. Iron Man: we have a Hulk.
but getting sean o'connell is easy
Follow NBC 15 photojournalist and help him get to 100 followers!
its gotta be a boy
w.family
I think this is actually one of the lessons our science teacher pulled out in desperation.
haha im trying to follow u but ur tweets r protected lol
We never did give our WNBA draft breakdowns...
Sorry guys I haven't been tweeting lately :( what are my tweeps up to?
Dance competition since 9 this morning and still going at it!!! Things we do for our kids!! 💆
“ Walk with me I'll give u my pain, so much on my mind I wonder how it fit in my brain”
The rain makes me miss the #cta. Free ride home er day.
girl, i've seen you do work at HH. I think you're set!
Vocals are done! Mr and Keanu belted it out in less than an hour. Woot woot! Production to go and that single is coming soon!-CC
Well... that nap was a bad idea. 30 min to 3 hrs in no time
Debra's messing with your brain.
Follow back my nigga
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That everyone knows ."
Australia’s Mining Boom Reveals New Opportunities For Property...
Today I learned that is a fan of my right-to-work research. Whoulda thunk ...
please pick me :-)
just did
Office door closed, Brewer game on.
They had the copters (I saw 3 in one frame). The fault is lack of preparation. They shot views of the obvious towns.
Great start for Augusta State's Patrick Reed at Quail Hollow, -5 thru 12, just 1 off the lead
I forgot today was Sunday
When I see kids around my age around Buffalo walking around in local band merch like they're all cool. Pshhhhh...
If you are a member of South Jordan Professional Firefighters L#3851 please check your e-mail.
portland has been freakin amazing so far! i cant wait to play some shows here. : D
It's totally time for a new avatar.
ouchh :o i have a good average i guess .. but i HATE itt.
Had a wonderful time at church today!!! Wonderful blessings in store for me. Trusting and believing in God!!!
Happy national day of prayer 🙏
Tweeting and driving
Yes! Call us to set up a free one on one career counseling appointment. 212 764 0172.
Thanks, Scott.
Which app addiction are you trying to kick? #DrawSomething, #WordsWithFriends, or #TempleRun?
Boys home vs Park today...Girls home Friday vs Glenelg
Why has god forsaken Tim Tebow?!?
chilling in the theatre between shows, with some
is pregnant or something she is too emotional, girl buy your own speak&spell... or better yet why didn't your mama buy it??
north! Raleigh...
I know right? Everywhere I look!
Berman 'have long term vision but don't miss what's right in front of you'
Beautiful and always a breeze.
Taking a trip to North Dakota to work @ a club named Whispers in Williston a city in the middle of no where, next Monday for a week.
you're such a creep
Such a bad person. I know.
Solid first draft of #gradschool paper finished. Off to get some 5hrs of sleep before work.
Heard a Christmas song on the radio today. Seriously?
I used to GM a retail store. Had to get out of that
MONDAY MORNING!!!!
TroopSwap is on the march and will start offering national deals tomorrow!
I think it's suuper ridiculous how over 11 million cosmetic procedures were done in just 2006, agreed?
but never has my dinner order been more intellectually satisfying. I'd pick your brain on sleep but that's too dense for Twitter.
I seriously wonder if people get pissed off at how I need to mention how Cervelli should be on the team at least once a day....
So not a celeb stalker. BUT... drinking at Wine Steals w/Tenley and Kipton from Bachelor Pad. Such a cute couple!
For example in a 10-12 team league you're still going to have valuable 1$ guys at the end so spending a lot early isn't as dire
Dark, her future seems dark.
Yes Sirr! Okay who you talking about? Lol...
no clue lol.
In the truck..
nope I live in CA but for my honeymoon I'm try to convince my future wife to go there she wants roman boo boo to that
hahahaha.....typical Hollywood story.
As long as you've earned the "chops" to wear whatever you are comfortable in.
love u
This is absolutely ridiculous!!! I need to go back to Raleigh! I would find this cream on my first stop at a cosmetics store!
you're
Follow my other account I use it more x
I refuse to do any schoolwork at home. If I can't do it in class, I won't do it at all.
San Diego friends- We play the County Fair this Wednesday- 8:30pm on the O'Brien stage right after We'll buy you a churro!
If you ever want a black person to be on time for something, tell them its an hour earlier then it actually is ..
Jessica Simpson, by naming her daughter Maxwell, is setting that child up for a lifetime of mediocre metrosexuality.
I miss you too! I haven't talked to you in forever
middle station seating
#WhenIWasGrowingUp transformers and thunder cats were on tv. I guess some things never change
Oh, I'm so sad I missed it! I need to stop by CFA more often...
easy win...nothing to see here...
Looking for a web based app that enables crowd sourcing of comments, pictures and videos- needs to be archivable- thoughts anyone?????
I think you've just been living in sugarland too long
My shoulders are killing me. Still haven't had anything to eat today
#rainraingoaway I'm #wearing new #Blake espadrilles from Where's the sun?
The greatness of art is not to find what is common...but what is unique.
RT I was a student driver for UC Regents. Used my truck instead of Ucla car to take regent 2 LAX. Fires everywhere
Me ;D <333
OMG! Let's cross horns!!!
Uh oh. No big ribbon on POTUS. He's defenseless! Biden's probably wearing two
It's always good. I already learned that trick.
Our office smells delish! Perfume testing/marketing as we speak! What's your fav scent?
Nothing left but to report but the final tally. Colorado Kings salt away the victory. 112 to 103
Breakfast in bed for the last born? No, ok.
Thanks a bunch to those that came out today for the Social Entrepreneurship event!
is the cheese to my macaroni
Who knew blurry vision was a side effect of the stomach flu
Lots of students tweeting #muawards for , must be so proud!
Who df just texted me??
And the best game you can name is a good old hockey game
#schoolmemories dancing to 's #Teeth on the classroom desks >:D
Do it! And please spread the word!
On an average day, Baltimore FFs & Medics respond to >500 calls in our 81sqmi City. Thanks to the Dispatchers for keeping it together for us
PORT MEANS LEFT! I GOT IT!
hi follow back? :)
You followed me back :D I thought I lost you their <3
glad you liked it! We got great responses from the article. It both looked good and was really well written! :)
RT : We welcome of radioshow A Way with Words () as our guest speaker on Fri 2/3 (more details forthcoming)
And walked it?
Looking to start streaming set design next Friday. Get your #anime fandom card ideas ready. :)
I'm so bummed that I missed you on Saturday. Hopefully I'll see you at next month's meeting. Hope all is well....
Well the night went very far south for me insanely quickly. Think I'm just going to go to bed early.
miss u. Hope we can get together soon.
Teach basic defense 1st by playing the ball w/bounce back and forth in pairs. 1st contact: defense, 2nd: set ball, 3rd: attack
RT : Save the date: The Heart of America FDN Charity in Chocolate Fashion Event! 4/23, 6-9p (#CLIENT)
wasn't the intention, but I'd sport them all over town if that was the case...
CEC opportunities, white papers, podcast, webinars. Things they can access on their own.
GOD THE ULTIMATE MISSONARY
Now that - I understand!:)RT : another way of saying don't be lazy or get your crap together or get out of the way...
in solidarity!
no Emma
*hugsback* thanks Kittie :'( about to take a pill for it
So ready for a nap. Except for the fact that I have a cake to go home and bake :-/
$6,000! You're in high demand!
In Dungeons and Dragons terms, I'd peg Santorum as "chaotic evil."As for Romney, definitely "lawful evil."
hahahaha of course you were chosen for that.
Have a great time in NYC!
Mostly. i take large craps also RT : hello doggy, what's your favorite thing to do? Sleep or eat?
skillionaires - love it!
Thanks for the support! RT : excited about the upcoming work of watch out for these folks.
I wanna see you spend $13 at the McD.
you love those Martins! The RB should still be there too.
If anyone wants a paper ARC of WHAT DIES IN SUMMER I have 4 copies left.
Signing yearbooks wasn't as sad as i thought it would be
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron
Really,Pedro? 2 hits and 2 runs batted in? Keep on rollin.
I'm smart I'm dumb...can they please make my mine uo for me
I have a plan! Going to look for fabric this weekend. :)
Learning as much as I can about I/Millennium/various other products.
That's how I roll. RT : "I destroy my enemies when I make them my friend." ~ Abraham Lincoln
I really wish I had the time to take a pole dancing class. Despite the fact that I would feel a little slutty, it looks kinda fun.
I'm amused that "job creators" got to keep their tax cuts but it looks like I may be taxed an extra $40 in 2012. The 99% do vote, you know..
You're on.
that question is lacking detail, what pokemon? I sure wouldn't fuck with an onyx (literally)
Amen ...RT : Depression is a scary fucking disease. NO ONE is immune to it. If you think you are, you're just ignorant.
I've resisted using pinterest so far. I waste too much time on social media as is..
Shame on a [person of unspecified race] who tried to run game on a [person of unspecified race]
Such great hostesses for #JLWL12. Beautiful location & unforgettable grits!
.BeeKennedy Thank you for the #FF! XO Have a glorious sunny weekend!
Another person with a "light skin" complex
thanx and u coming too my baby shower!!!
Hey IL librarians: Do u know when Library Snapshot Day is happening this year?
Did you guys know that turning up the radio fixes almost all your car problems?!
Date night!
That picture is on La Jolla. I have tickets now too :)
Do you think Brittany Spears is ready to take control of her life? She does. She wants dads conservetorship dropped. Your thoughts??........
Harvard's Project Zero new Qualities of Quality study eyes educational impact of quality arts experiences for K-12 kids. www.pz.harvard.edu
Happy birthday to Ohioan Tom Batiuk! You can wish him a belated happy birthday at our upcoming book festival on May 12!...
Epic Sunny day! Time for the garden...
I just want to wear red pants.
Sorry for the vent...some days it just needs to be said. In other news, Happy Thursday! :-)
this week's paper topics are terrible. i have no opinion cos quite frankly i couldn't give less of a shit. ahh
Anything listed online we have those quantities in stock. So you tell us and we can work it out!
#StopSOPA blackouts are incredibly effective. Way to go Wikipedia for the support!
BOMBERS WIN! 104-95 If you were here- what a nailbiter huh??!
aw I was hoping Ray was nominated!! I'm here at home too. :)
Because really I am loose and get le sexytime every weekend -_- ... #AreYouThatParanoid ?
Families have a right to privacy.
Warming up for the #concert. Tickets available at the #SandersTheatre box office.
S/O to my new followers
Eliminate! Eliminate! Eliminate! Eliminate!
I can't be coo wit that .
a fucking documentary about weed!!!! i love this
#NP STREET CREDIT
3 in a row! Nicky!! Yesssssir
Dawid, you are my ray of sunshine in this chapter.
follow my otha twitter
Dr appt and then the vet? This is not looking like a good day for me.
trying to figure out something to do -.-
thanks for the mention - glad to be connected!
meeting lots of your azavea coworkers!
FYI Ken's 50th bday today!
You ok?
calm yourself!
#TeamStyx watching Behind the Music on you guys right now! Love you guys, my favorite! :D
Okay. Whatever you say Kate. These nice people in the white jackets would like a word. It's okay
got a fair amount of work done tonight, so I can actually go to bed at a reasonable bed time!
bounce with me, bounce with me!
LOVE! Hope your homework went well!
just texted u! :)
U lucky I like u
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
I have so much homework to do! Ugh lol I always wait till the last minute cus stocking is more important
On the train from Philly to Boston for PCA/ACA where I'll be talking about Muppets and metatheater.
in case you missed it, gelato is back. Tell all your friends.
How many times this week have you gone to OG ??
Yeah, that really sucked.
Last minute running around before I leave town.
