I tried killing my mouse on my computer with d-con but it's still alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 34
Been busy learning and writing...writing and learning. :) Tweeting here and there. How are you?
Voldemort's voice in people's heads is pretty creepy
yes I understand what u mean I had to take a break for a few hours from his masterpiece
Playing Eli Manning instead of Michael Vick looks a mistake
Some gentlemen should be more gentle and less men when tears can't be hold inside! YaY
LOL WE CAN WORK TOGETHER.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt
RT Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes
won't lose me....you are right!
If you want to see last nights concert I did. Go to youtube. My screename is manumaman100. Tell me wut u think.
making moves! go christine! RT 'signed a pretty big strategic ptnrshp in China. awesome work ' cc/
Relationships R about adapting Whether or not ure willing to adapt to a persons needs Most of all its about finding some1 thatcan adapt to u
You will follow my pal if you know what's good for ya!
Congrats & , the Wed & Thurs winners of the #wtfweek contest! Pls DM us your address so we can send a boxset your way!
in fact, people should be thanking us
I think this is a story to gloss over what he did. But he may have had dealings w/the mom - and the messy situation started this.
#HBDBK. Isaiah 4:13: I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me! Be strong lil lady!
HAHAHAHA UR AWAKE! HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVEN THO I ALREADY TOLD U :D
Love it! In a few weeks, theres is a wiener dog race in Lexington. To funny!
Actually, this past Sun. was last Sun. we will be open for brunch. We've never been open for lunch but is!
I don't post much but whst I do post is better than your life.
Seriously? You sneak in a pint of the new Berger flavor? This Dippin Dots "ice cream of the future" theyre selling here is crap
o my. this #foreverlazy adult onesie thing is absurd. i just looked up the video & it does have pp/poopie zippers in the front and the back.
Im doing some shit about africa. I honistly just dont give a fuck
Big thanks to Bill Wennington, The Luvabulls, and everyone who came out!
Good morning from West Chester. If anyone wants breakfast, my dad is really pushing it. Heading to #NGS2012 in a bit.
How to reignite the global economy? Think Smarter Commerce, by IBM. We work hard enough. Now, we have to work more intelligently.
RT Evangelist that God has called to Preach the Pure word of the bible. Author of Book * Are you calling God a liar?
Hiring vs. total spend, just directed at privatization efforts now?
I'm starting to build a pretty serious collection of authentic WWII memorabilia.
Hi Zy! Come eat lunch with me! :D
Just because no one knows what your costume is dosn't mean you failed at Halloween, it just means your a massive fucking nerd..in a good way
Need. Grilled. Cheese.
It's not true I had nothing on, I had the radio on.
Still looking at the Met Gala pics and feeling inspired.
Shutup, you're annoying me -___-
Love truth, and pardon error. -Voltaire
I feel bad for the west coast peeps..
love it!
uses his program to start trouble with fans. Thoughts ?
A bitch is tired!! Just getting home :(
I FOUND A WINNER TO BE IN MY BIO GUESS WHO IT IS???
Packer's fans are out in full force today. Go Pack Go!
study or netflix?
This time tomorrow night, I'll be having fun and making memories with some of my favorite people in the world!
Smile, you're in excellent hands with Kravitz Dental! Looking for a new dentist? We have two convenient locations in Pembroke Pines & Miami!
“: Romney: "I oppose gay marriage because when they're single they're easier to pin to the ground."”
I believe it's -21
moreso, AD, MKG, DL, TJ, DM, MT KW...as much as id like to think my riturals work, them boys gotta go to work
My problem,exactly!
Say what?! RT SAD NEWS: Donna Summer has died. She was 63. - TMZ
As long as the applicant is in NYC all summer, all are welcome. If interested send a resume/cover letter to
Almost tweeted link to 's Twitter advice piece, but didn't want to break 8th Commandment. Get yr own aggregator, followers!
Did you know that people with #mentalillness are more likely to be victims of violent crime than to be perpetrators?
I'm gonna text you the list I wrote down(:
“: you look like such a pro with things in ur mouth! #JustSaying” second that.
Well then we look forward to a romantic evening with you :)
There will be a promotional discount when Spark! Dating launches so make sure to tell everybody you know to follow us on twitter
My pleasure to lend a hand...I mean Tweet!
lol jk i knew you had followed me before it was just funny getting an email about it now
psst, hello.haha. can you return my friend's indian costume someday? haha :)
The ASG had a cart going around campus full of free stuff today. Very nice of them!
haha that is pure genius. What color is a Wall Street powerbroker?
Thanks for the follow, MOB! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
You, me and our #ipad2 's. Saturday 4/23. Your local.
A thousand times I've failed you still, your mercy remains.
I AM THERE. what time are doors again?
It is great that the Mets will honor Reyes. He will be forever in the hearts of all Mets fans.
Groupon just defaulted my home city to Wichita. So, that's peculiar.
I wish I could go running. >.<
www.kupoz.com/kupozchic Unlock my badge!
Bah!!!! Don't listen to the Old Grammarians. Blogs for all I say!!! :) A wider audience keeps students honest.
My trust level right now is at an all time low....
- done and done ♥
All I said was obligation, if you can't obligate them to certain things, then get rid of them. Lol.
Wow. I just coughed a lot and now, I'm dizzy & nauseous. -.- This happens to me WAY too often. :\
lol no clue but my phone spells it for me!
pockets You Just Got Tagged By A Bb Gun :)
It's Mariano Time
Don't forget Michael Vartan doing what I can only guess was supposed to be a smarmy version of Eric Ripert.
Ray Allen mom so pretty.
Anyone remember the scene from the movie ET with the Coke? ^TR
Nice work dudes! , both first-time nominees for National Magazine Awards.
Hope everyone has happy hearts and the sweetest of dreams goodnight fine people stay biscuit!!! :))))))))))))))) massivesmileage
thanks much, perry!
that's what's up. I live in Alabama.
I watched the DVD it touched me in a deep place. Thank you
I'm so done sharing all my guy information with ppl smh
I can read your mind babe, I know what you're thinking.
Hey man! Did I get row 1?
I know, it hurts my heart when I think about it
Yay Monday! Ready for a new start from a Long weekend!
I still think Mike Tyson is one or if not the best fighter. His record speaks for itself
Good Morning World
Swivel Bar Stools: Bold Statement Pieces Available with Reduced Prices... Swivel bar stools are a simple and stylish way to make a fashio
I'm looking for a new WordPress->Twitter plugin that will schedule + tweet new blog posts. Any suggestions?
I seriously...just tweeted the same thing.
Damn my whole tl doggin' the shit out of sugar shane mosley
Go Lions.. yall have to be the dirty bird...LOL
I have seen the death of me, and it comes in the form of graduate education kits on variable reserve.
23210. My Panda Run score
are you sure you've been drinking just water today? RT If I was on any other team I could average 20plus...
Break a leg, or something.
Did really join twitter? It's a verified account!
Uecker calling the game??
John Raese, running for Senate as a Republican in West Virginia, equated a smoking ban with Hitler forcing Jews to wear the Star of David.
Getting a text from him <3?
Finally have facebook linked up with Twitter. Thanks Meagan. It took me 30 seconds after finally reading your link.
Tip of the day: things happen when you take showers.
Editing the Trailer for "Wake Up!"....Got a call from an old boss...Are we relocating back to L.A.?? Holy Smokes Universe I just moved!
It's Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio Get ur lashes done 21621 8mile Detroit Mi The lash studio for the glamour girl
another network owns the rights?
Jealous! Glad to hear the presentation/flight went well :)
That should work--how about 3?
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 2
Sixteen Candles <3
Dear God - just let the Liverpool sale to the Red Sox owners go through before we get relegated and continue to hemorrhage money and pride.
My grandma gave me $30 for gas. I'm going to pocket the money & have my dad fill the tank. LOL.
Louis Has Grown Up up so Fast I Just Love Him He's My Little Baby Boy♥
the pool is always closed no exceptions
Going to the range tomorrow, just don't know which one. Either shooting Titliest Pro V1 or .45 ACP.
Thanks, Sean.
actually now available for order! buyers have been receiving theirs before the 3/15 pub date.
But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends
#ArcticMonkeys were amazing!
www.dinotalk.com looks great! keep it up.
sucks to you right now lol
She left my behind for a white girl ctfu
Hello guys, thank you
lol when my little sister tells my friend she likes her butt..
Listen to us this Saturday @ 10am or Sunday @ 8pm for The . This week's guest is Jason Dunn from
Thanks to you as well, good suh.
“: goodmorning :) follow back?” followed !(:
Cheers RT : Unleashing the beast tonight with some midweek drinks. Much needed 🍸🍻😊
I used to love #CSIMiami. I HATE the subtitles in Spanish! They are annoying and unAmerican! At least give me an option!
: ok that's acceptable - my dad won't kill me for that - but thank you anyway fella - for hospitality, books, and all ETC - TX
Vegas at that time is great. Let us know if you need help booking.
Stunning, of course! Following you on IG, now. :)
Why am I in this mood? Blah.
Prolly go see dereck jetter play tomorrow at yankee stadium
RT Don't mess with massa's money! So true. LOL
hey there! Love you<3 :)
Nice. Howard Rodman just quoted Borges.
Do that shit nigga.I hate media takeout
What did I jus get myself into...
I'm not sure how much I believe in technology in the classroom anymore.
Don't want to go home tomorrow:(
I think that when a person reaches age 35, they get to make up a word...that way,,EVERYBODY is remembered for something...
swirve goin to school there il be out there real soon I.gotchu
#thingsthatdontmakesense Girls who wanna come over at 3 in the morning to watch a movie
I think every major road in Greenwood is under construction.
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl
Boy Meets World... that is oh so cute
refreshing my mentions over and over. #askharry narwhals or unicorns?
Yes, the baby is straight, but she's an honorary gay.
2. What happens in class stays in class; 3. Hypercompliance
LOL! They still do live bands on Friday? does the Social jump?
I need to go see Hands Like Houses...
U CAN SAY THAT AGAIN. IT'S WHO U ARE WITHIN. MONEY MAKES LIFE EASIER THAT'S ALL. MAKE U ARROGANT
Single dad from Seattle!!
Anybody else ever notice that the paint on the walls and ceiling in the Riviera make it look like a shit hole.
had a great meeting with today. looking forward to working with him this summer. safe travels, homeboy!
People should pay attention towards the #gardens to appreciate
« Charging a cell phone while walking down the street? Sounds too cool. #Tedxemory»
#Onlinetshirtdesigning makes the complete process of creating your t-shirts very simple and quick.
What is your most common issue with the maintenance of the hardware on your commercial doors?
Bella is so lucky that she gets to go to all these places.
Great game Duke!!
killer good customer service from vishal - thanks!!
Thats all we turned up our last time out.
don't forget to follow him ! Spread the word
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
Ok I must retweet this. :)
happy holidays everyone. We will be open for one more hour get your gift certificates while you can. Closed at 3pm reopening Monday at 7am
1Week until happiness ......don't let my girlfriend see that /:
Who will be at Hot Chips?
We hope everyone is having an amazing #ValentinesDay! We know our guests are!
Remember, you'll always save up to 30% off Publishers' Edition prices. Way more than this with Summer Reading prices, right?
JUNE 5TH FOR SAY SOMETHIN TO ITUNES! Can't wait! 6 Days before my Birthday <3
Plus she a hustla aint nothn u can sell her...aye
What do you mean now have given up? Sleepy Hollow was 1999.
I just tried to follow Austin's future girlfriend but all it said was "Edit Profile"
LOL! Have a safe trip.
Just tuned into the Crew vs. Rapids #MLS conference semifinal match.
Merry Christmas! What'd everybody get?
Meet the Real 1%: OCCUPY BOHEMIAN GROVE This July
Happy Birthday from a fellow Damaris and a fellow Libra.
No apologies MC...I felt where you were at that moment. I couldn't stop crying. *XOXO*
I wish you were out tonight!
he's great!
Lol i need to give up. is not noticing me anytime soon...
#TheNotebook is my favorite movie, and I will always cry. <3
And too much pinstripe for me. Zing ;) Unfortunately there's a couple other things going on tonight-
Whitney Houston was a genuine heroine. There are only a few who could match her: Streisand of course, but not many others.
Tho I hardly have time, ever, to watch much tv, when I do, I can't get enough of #UnderCoverBoss #jerseylicious + Investigation Discovery :)
just followed you back. :)
Damn this cancer survival shit, one year later and still having bad days, no less than day one...
U THINK U READY FOR ALL THIS SWAGG BABY
Haha whatever how you. been
Cp3 not fucking acting rightt this shit is getting to my skin
my swag is;)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😊
he's lurking.
when you can sweep floors at Albivi!
paper just got here. gotta see if the pundits thought the #Chargers were as bad as I thought.... oh well, next year.
Consider it done!
I'd be delighted to do a skype video call to your students to intro or explore thinglink.
I know I work on thursday but I don't remember exactly when, I will have to check my schedule later!
I heard that next year there will be people smaller than me
I believe that ship has already sailed, and is about to sink rapidly.
Proud of the team and coach they gave'm all they wanted ...Anthony Davis is crazy good
Me too! I love that he has been on TV a lot lately RT Call me silly but Tebow picking the Pats has boosted my confidence a bit
“: So apparently according to , and I sing in our sleep O:” hm idk about that o:
haha that's the Hannah I know right there!
#Fleury has given up eight goals in his last two periods. Bylsma is entering Patrick Roy territory.
u said u find sexy pics of nick? An sorry if i didint discribe it more cuz it was too long soo sorry..!!!?
lmao really?! Is he at least cute? xD
Come on Hawks! Stay out of the penalty box!
is glad to finally be done cleaning, but doesn't want to know what the blue stuff in the laundry room was...eek!
"2/3 of the people on #SNAP go to work every day to try & make a living." on #SNAP helps kids.
Coding up a strorm. The file format work on the VST Instrument is almost done.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
good luck for Jacksonville....
RT So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
: A few spots left for exclusive mystery author panel on Wednesday at 4 p.m. RT!
hey Dan! Heard about you admirable activity on #lastFM ! AWESOME! How are things in your neck of woods?
I did it chec my tweets
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol we are cool <- cool kids
Happy New Years Eve!
I WANT ICECREAM!!!!!☀☀☀☀ I wish it was sunny
Having a wonderful morning with a (thankfully) very happy baby!
Congrats to 2 Guys, a Girl & a Trivia Team. They won a $30 bar tab during our first ever night of trivia w/!
I just got book and its amazing. Enough said.
BLEEEEEECH! Monday again.
Fuck something is defiantly wrong with my Twitter!!
every week this guy outside my bedroom window with a leaf blower. i'm 2 seconds away from drop-kicking his ass...
Should I go downtown and try to score a cheap ticket to Roger Waters performing The Wall at AT&T Park? Decisions, decisions.
no! Sorry to hear :(
you must be feeling better!!! :-)
Getting pelted by ice as I walk to class on March 23, gotta love Buffalo
I can't wait until the day comes when my efforts come to fruition and those who don't support me want to get something from me.
twitter poll: who does the best custom tshirt printing online? cafepress? spreadshirt? customink? help!
feel better love!
Fights are looking crisp and exciting. I love this sport!!!
All I want for my birthday is for to tweet me. That's it <3.
Engage your customers where they are - use the platforms they use
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be ()
AMAZING DEAL! 4 night Cruise, $119.00.. Hurry, space is limited!
EVO or iPhone?
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out like it never happened & that we were nothing.
it was a lot of fun thanks for asking <3 they had a casino royal theme! super cute
since you brought back socks &sandals, you should bring back CONSTANCIO CHANGE!
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day. What's that in the back of the refrigerator!?
Is the game the reason Texas is trending in twitter?
I'm so sorry. I could tell you some stories...
good, that means you're set for some euchre playoffs tomorrow!
I can't count the stupid tattoos
Mattie!!! Glad to see you around the twitterverse! Thanks for following. Hope to see you in the WB area soon!
i just wanna kill those assholes my self
Up and at 'em! Time to start drinking!
Oh my man needs to hurry and call me. -__-
Good Morning... Happy Monday. :-)
You know what's rad? When you can't wait until Monday morning to go hang out with your friends at the office. SO #POSI!
Cain hurt by Greenspan comment Romney strong Newt brilliant leader Perry poor Bachmann strong Paul fed-up
Have an story suggestion? Want to join our writing team? Just want to say hello? Email submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
I live in the States and am often in LA. Still no luck. Saw his shows live twice. Didn't offer M&G. Wanna run into him @ a bar
Ausiello just mentioned it too! Exciting if he ever gets around to tweeting relevant things. LOL :)
Feeling the bump back down to earth after a lofty conference season. Antidotes?
Really confused why the Bucs feel they need to trade up in the draft
May rest in peace carlos fuentes
No doubt about it! :) RT : Wow...prayer changes the atmosphere! Thank You!!!!!!!
I think it's kewl to run around, arms spread like a plane, and jump over benches I dunno bout you..
Guten Tag Welcome to Newark Twinning and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets!
Feels weird not having everyone in our dorm hall.
You better not be in LA
About to taste cottage cheese for the first time. Scared
Too much cuteness. I love my clients kids
Why are we still publishing journal article PDFs with multiple columns of text? What do you people not get about THE DIGITAL AGE?
Seen like 30 girls in the fitness section at target, they really tryna to get right for the summer
Please Dont forget to Sign the Petition!! www.imwithconan.com/petiton
hi mate .. say do u use skype ?
AZ Attorny Gen Debate tonight at Valley Youth Theatre at 6pm...DO you want to go?
My room looks like it's a storage unit.
Oh, sure enough, he is! Just goes to show that perspective is everything!
Finger f*cking my haters, call it Canada porn.
the great jambino
shout to in the building..a pleasure seein u guys today
You must have already downloaded it.. It's not on the home screen of your iPad with the other apps?
Bring on the Mayhem Maham! Are you ready for the pro game tomorrow at 7:45.
“: Woo hoo!! I'm a vendor at the at !! So excited” Yay! Excited to have you Diana!
It turns out I'd rather turn down a job I didn't want than be turned down for a job I didn't want.
depressing day in chicagoland. wet socks.
Waking up horny and knowing you can't get none is the worst!! Lol
Go to Quadjacks.com. The incredible marathon stream continues on Wombat Radio!!!
thanks man
u would no better to be honest. think we can both agree game needs to make significant changes to keep casual fan interested
Both of you mentioning Tilda Swinton is kinda hilarious.
Hate boo c bitches man
I'm amazed by how many people have seen Google Earth, I don't expect them to have seen imagery
Yep...the inner ear is still in tact enough for at least one spin per segment...
“: First Tab: Twitter ... Second Tab: Facebook ... Third Tab: YouTube.” it's like they know my life...
Im really glad today is my friday.
I need out of here!!!
Any #a11y friends going to Learning Solutions 2012 in March?
Morning. We R out of #FancyFeast. Something is going on around here becuz I couldn't have possibly eaten all of it! Ok it's possible.
Its amazing when you can go back and listen to any songs and you NEVER get tired of them! :)
It's such a great idea, too, for a giveaway location!
I want to go to the skatin ring Saturday
Suprised that Man U lost today....
Thanks to everyone who made it out for last night's Open Book Club discussion of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test!
Great advice on how not to get stabbed by a room of typographers from this morning ;)
I have enjoyed watching the playoffs but I am having a hard time rooting for anybody. Any suggestions???
International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic on the corner of 7th and Park View by the fountain :)
It's Nothin It's Nothin.. ..
Why is this taking so long?
k, cool, maybe ill c u there!
I cant wait to have a drink I AINT LIEIN !
dam such a hater, see those pics are real that's why if you did really come here you would never leave, or with some holes in u
Going to try out for sushi tonight. Keeping my fingers crossed!
: Trend #7 Privacy Paranoia: Make sure you have long cryptic passwords.
The fact some of us don't hate the #Browns drft doesnt mean we r blind/drinking the koolaid etc. It just means we aren't cranky pessimists.
Haha that's awesome! Cannot wait!!!
Show your Valentine how much you care with a heart shaped pizza! Available now thru 2/14
this guy wears a 13
Sry I have no tattoos My body attracts woman as it is. I don't need any extras to impress. Sry to the tatted up ppl who couldn't impress né1
Its gorgeous out today
Cell phone bill too expensive, but you need one to get a job? Come to our March 15 workshop to learn what you can do. Contact us for info.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. ~ Winston Churchill
I miss all my teen hoot friends. I miss Nashville period... -_-
One thing was played on 1075 yesterday !?-A
- Hahaha. Not until tomorrow night!
Looking for Hot & Sexy Boys that aren't afraid to shake their a** (and get paid on top of it!). Go Go Boys! Where you at!? Contact us!
I dont have roses in the closet , But ive got pictures in a drawer
Just found out yesterday that fell 25' over a railing a couple years ago...crazy stuff. Where did that happen?
3411 East 12th Street, Oakland ca 94601. Come by this weekend 50% off manicure/pedicure & waxing services!
Ben Zobrist is awesome.
What MRI?
i wasnt completely alone. im ...i dont even know how to explain...
hahahaha yes!! “: "At the crime scene lol."”
proud of my aunt for her relay for life this weekend. it was one of the most beautiful things ive ever been to.
good article -- would love to hear your take :)
may have a better stroke than Blake Griffin
Any fool can criticise, complain, condemn, and most fools do. - Anonymous
Not bad Lakers ! Just try a liddo harder & we could win this c: #LakerGangOrDontBang <3
« Get out the corner man... Dayum»
Ok, so the poor have tv and fridge. What about access to health care and quality education and safe neighborhoods and purposeful work?
Anybody want to pick Raven up from work today? No? Cool...
Just joined pollen.com. I have to find out who's killing my nose.
Guessing Brown didn't write up a play for Blake to take the 3, down by 1. If it worked it be diff story but it was bad. Kobe only shot!
Thank you Healthcare, for making last night's Chicago Executive Forum a success. Can't wait 4 next yr!
That's what's up!
Baby got back
So. Good!
That is SO doable!! 3K a day! You've got this!!
Thank you! We are ecstatic :)
call up to the AD office and have them hold 2-or just get there early and you should be fine-game is at 7-maybe get there at 6:30
thank you for helping fans understand the issues from the players' perspective
Its awesome when your drummer drives 75 in a construction zone... Until you see a state cop with radar. think we all need to change our ...
Thanks for everyone's inspirational comments! I am looking forward to working with each of you moving forward....stay tuned!
TJ your profile pic is so cutee. And your completely creaming me with the follower contest. Congratz. xD
same here
Hello I'm writing a book but I need Help with a certain sentence I wrote. So can u help me?
Looking to order a new gaming desktop in the next few days, but I'm not 100% sure where from. Shooting for ~$1,500. Suggestions?
Penthouse in the towers.... Respect Money Power.....
About to watch Nacho Libre! -
If ALL you do is RT, #LeaveTwitter we don't need a big ol' echo.
the Canaan rodeo school story I did was picked up by AP!!!
you all are the best!
Something I haven't said in a while - it's hot out!
dang I go back the 25th
Writing about #RENT the musical, can't wait to see how it turns out
tweeting from the school board meet tonight
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're done, and that's a legit promise.
I hadn't heard of it - thanks! Go go gadget reading list...
Our neighbors SMC LTD and Big Bad Toy Store both have construction projects going on here in the Somerset Industrial Park. Way Cool!
Are you evangelizing your world, or just hanging and scrambling words with your friends?
Venting to my best friend. <3
I want nachos and cheese. M(:
And no! Im not jumping on the bandwagon, I've always wanted a banjo!
Congrats on the new gig. The Warren campaign is lucky to have you!
Saying, "EA Sports, it's in the game" along with the guy who says it.
Took a while to figure it out, but what a laugh!
Great to have your here!
wait. does the ipad even have a mic?
Kind of a nice day to skateboard over to or Maybe
ive just voted 4 you . i BELIEVE you will win . I have HOPE =)
If you are a grown man and your tone decreases when you speak about sex, meet me downstairs. Ignore the crowbar, I just wanna talk LOL
you just go to a gas station and apply for one
"Mixing supernatural w/ science to illuminate...issues of gay marriage." Tom Jacobson's play, "House of Rising Sun." He's 1 of my faves.
“: Ha who stops to pick up a dropped quarter at #Nordstrom?” that's like picking up a c-note at a lambo dealership
Haha I totally get that.
Hi everyone, come check out the new Sal's Fusion Lab Iphone app that will be available in just a few days. Great Guitar Education Materials!
Good morning twit fam
much appreciated!
well I don't know, I'm talking out of my arse
The first followers are on the bottom of the list. It's backwards. Check it yo! #8 &
RT evening boys and girls>>>Hey Big Boy...how's things?
don't kill me about yesterday. I was super busy at work.
#NISO is the force (behind many standards) #erl12 Does this mean that they have a dark side? 0_o
So how much do you love me!? I have so much make up work and if you would let me copy all the bio I missed you'd be a hero!❤
' Random just crossed my mind tho!
your a pot head lol
thank u man ;)
He who digs a pit for others falls into it himself. - German Proverb
Feel free to email me Mika. Thx for following :)
Thanks man! Lemme know what you think!
Just woke up to a beautiful day..... to bad i got to go to work. S$huks!
Not wanting to help the kitchen clean, but your the first person to take family meal
No problem with the follow, looking forward to your tweets!
I hate school hah
No, the fact that girls are more difficult than men.
It's a Beautiful day for a bike ride!
someone better record the new songs
You should always follow your heart .
Can't tell you how much this made me smile.
Stop crying and get back to work.
Damn the one time i want use my earphones i dont have em -.-
FINAL: No. 2 seed Apprentice downs No. 1 Spalding 9-8 in the World Series semis. Golden Eagles fall into loser's bracket.
"My dad probably loved the dog just as much if not more than me,” said Gavin Wright, of Santa Fe, of the pit bull that mauled his father.
well im sorry #forgive and forget
Time to Spring Forward! Daylight Saving Time begins this Sunday, March 11th at 2:00am! Do you prefer to Fall Back or Spring Forward?
I'm starting my countdown tomorrow.
Have you ever went on Bing and searched Google? Lol
lol #oomf plays too many games kinda tired of em..
RT : 4th and forever was good tonight :)
Finished my essay! Now only a cover letter and a works cited page left! I think this is going to be a good one!
Shaq sucks up to Kobe so bad on air. I wonder what he says off of it.
KCAI celebrates Black History Month starting with a lecture at 6 p.m. Feb. 9 by alumnus Phil Shafer in Vanderslice Hall.
Get Well Soon Superman!
Dave Matthews Band is playing in the bar. Who has a pistol because I feel like taking my own life.
only slightly more embarrassing than our public debut :)
REALLY DUDE!!!!
About halfway through my familys meal of mexican food, my dad threw is head back and screamed 'TACO NECK!' then resumed eating.
: OMG subway has the freshest subs.
as did I.
But, reading your kids texts the old fashioned way (Junior hand over your phone... NOW!) does not require legal backing
shit yeah its been ages!! Miss your face momma.
Wishing the weekend would get here sooner! #whatdayisit?
Thanks to all the comics and fans who came out to What The Yuck?! last night. You guys are f'n hilarious.
Question for #twitterstorians, #historyteachers, and #APEuro folks: What textbook recommendations do you have for AP Euro classes? Thanks!
It's #ala11, continuing the onsite NOLA conference tag.
Over 3000 strong here at Elite Academy.
Ugh...it's only tuesday and I'm already begging for the weekend to come. Not a good sign
I hope you have a great weekend as well...
you should've picked a different outfit to wear last night! Your turning into a little miley Cyrus and that isn't a compliment
#bieberfact Justin was 13 when he got signed RT if you think that's amazing.
If Wayne sell a millie in one night, he will be the first rapper to get his star on the side walk as a rock star!
Aye ima slide on you Today !
Watching the highlights from the game lastnight... Dang didnt no we lost . Whatever nigga I still love the Heat
how do you find the 7 digit pin to activate twitter on another device?
THINKING ABOUT FINISHING MEDICAL SCHOOL
THANK YOU JUST GOTTA MAKE IT WORK
When everything reminds you of that one person you dont want to be reminded of ... <
Happy Easter!(:
Hanging at Bull McCabes in ATX come out!!!!!!
"If you don't find the time to do it right, when will you find time to do it over." Todd Duncan
I had one and loved it and so did my hubby! Great gift for dad!
100% GREEN Carpet Cleaning! Includes Pet odor/stain enzyme treatment, deep cleaning & stain guard application!
Ha--at least they won't play "Shout" in the stadium afterwards... :P
I miss him. He doesn't try.
good stuff. As new La Jollan (moved 2day 2 #birdrock) helps to know what to talk abt w when we meet...
I do believe the devil's nipples are rock hard at this point.
My sister almost punched me lol. Trying to wake her up from her beauty sleep.
iWish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible..
RT : Zero chance of QB Brady Quinn being moved. He is and will be a Bronco. Team loves what he's doing.
thank girl
Became a Lieutenant in the Law Enforcement career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
my real name is Rodger. Which means, "to fuck someone", in the UK. That shits hilarious to me.
badgers!? I meant bashers.
Ahh so happy for the #newdirections !!!! This is why I love
you in Ecuador right?
you're probly right.
Havin visions in my dreams
Thanks Matt! Always a rewarding experience working w/ teachers & students. MT I love 's focus on education and youth.
cuz the way u went M.I.A. u wulda swore da F.B.I. had sum to do wit it lol
“The people who are lifting the world onward and upward are those who encourage more than they criticize.” – Elizabeth Harrison
Good thing it's only 1-0. I REALLY want L.A. to lose.
come on protools...
Practicing "Taylor Issues" (
Middle school
I'll do the rest tomorrow. RT that tweet if you want me to tell you which kid you'd look good w/ from the crew!
Some old dude on the train keeps singing Ave Maria at the top of his 80-year-old lungs. Wow.
don't be trying to slap me! That is rude and uncalled for!
How about now? RT : Now? RT Drogba's getting absolutely embarrassing now.
“: I'm sorry for your loss. My wife's grandmother is struggling with illness now too." thx! I hope your family is doing well.
Jeter batting first
Just finish cooking for the family.
pt4: "if we don't pull together and protect the absolutely radical and democratic notion of libraries."
Just looked through my followers...wow, some seriously good looking ladies out there. Which makes sense because I'm fucking beautiful.
in the CO high country for the 4th, and the rivers are raging...
guess I'm not white enough.
my favorite song on the #UnderratedEP would probably be "memories of you" (:
We will be at the ! Make sure to stop by the booth #548 where Bottoms Up will be featured
hmm.. and can I know why you deleted it? I would like to speak with the real Miley.. I LOVE HER SO MUCH!
perfect! Almost Hacks Of Kindness.
hahaha well my plan for this week was looking good so I won't feel bad bout looking bad for finals next week lol
mee too!!!! n.n i'm going to f.y.e. the exact DAY it comes out to snag that sucker before my other fellow #rushers aha
how much shit she talk about me today?! 😂
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
every body follow
#Netflix stock went from $300 to $150 real
I'll forgive but I will never forget!
RT It sounds official. Visiting this weekend. Biking and beer. <-- JEALOUS!!!
our lead guitarist was just asking about you. I think he's got a crush. We dig it.
When or where can I cope your LATEST JOINTS? BANGIN THAT '96 MENTALITY mixed wit a little PILLAGE while I create some new art!
This dude just told me I looked 16.. That's cool cuz I'm really 28😁.. On my momma on my hood.. I look fly..🎶I look god!!!🎶👍
Donations can also be made via DonorNet, or by mailing a check postmarked by the Thursday, March 1st deadline! Don't forget!
I did my best to answer your question, it's one I have myself..
Her: Maury I am 1000% sure he's the father.. Him: Maury she just in love with the swag..gtfoh people
"As I turn in, I pray for you folk. God made you too talented to live your lives broke!" (Talented&Broke NOV26)
FaceBook is popping for me right now ! Lets get it :-)
they wouldnt hold it for you? damn.
Yesterday I learned a lot about the massive effects of energy..Your vibe, your aura, others sense ur vibe at all times..trust ur intuition
Back to work.... Love my job:-)
A chandelier is just a big fucking light.
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I know all the words to all the songs.
exactly it like years ahead of it time.
OMG I can't believe I got a gift card after doing this easy survey!
oh, it's much funnier not to tell!😉
Love does not hurt - (We agree!)
E i know i need to write a survival guide on "how to deal with a mentally insane mother!"
Tom Bradley lives in Provo, Utah and came to wellness and weight loss out of necessity but has hung around from passion
The dream I had with #oomf 😏
Lol ok I hear ya.
Someone is getting OLDer! Lol
So Simpson and Bowles are cute? Yikes. MT I love lawmakers who issue #supercommittee statements today. You guys are so cute.
thanks for the follow!
very interesting, w/o knowing we r trying that. I think short subject trustworthy lines work best. Trial 'n error right?
I am frozen.
I'm so bored
Thanks for featuring us on your site, ! You guys rock!
Why you look familiar
I'll teach you stats in 20 minutes...
#Giants owner saying how their fans are "the most loyal". BS! If they stank up 2011, they'd simply dust off & don green jerseys.
is it 'cause I look Jewish?
yes, yes it is
I can't sleep O.o
drag queens all over the world are so jealous of you and your realness
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 12
Eminem & 50 Cent: The Best Bromance :B Ever.
Thanks for the mention! What's your favorite thing to do in #SanDiego?
it's your time Sly, You gotta step up-We draft Hightower he will be a starter day one. go kick ass Sly
"Daddy's home!! Daddy's home!!!" You know, that never gets old.
I'm serious about usual nonsense monthly let's talk.
Midterm stress has arrived at the library. There is an air of exhaustion and frustration. That means spring break is almost here, right?
Wait. What? Can we all skype and get caught up on Rosie's RELATIONSHIP, please!
hi morgan its hahaha :)
Plan for next Kirby Howell meeting - Start fleshing out Autumn Bk. 3 outline.
I've got to shoot with when I'm back in LA in May... What a cool girl! Happy Birthday!
Did Chelsea win? :D
Better than I know Myself and I don't want it dedicated to me I would like it dedicated to my BFF
So great catching up today! My, how times change ;) Let's get and in on our lunch date next time!
actually i'm basing that off my own experiences. results may vary
"Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love" Check out Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Wine_list
Sounds like a tough question! At a conference but I'll be sure to try and get on.
Thanks for helping sponsor our outreach today with sandwiches!
My little cousins are the cutest!
Due to daytime #curfew in #ChulaVista, many #SUHSD alt ed students will spend upwards of 3,258 hrs under de facto house arrest!
Phone Dying -_-
Hunger games was so good!!!
John Wall to Kentucky!!!! Can anyone say preseason #1?
I can Tuesday...
It doesn't matter if a million people tell u what u can't do, or if ten million people tell u no. If u get 1 yes from God that's all u need.
I can see a right to privacy issue, but I'm not convinced that not releasing will kill you like not breathing will
You're welcome. Thanks for the tunes! (=
The more one gets to know of men, the more one values dogs. ~Alphonse Toussenel
Had a great time last night meeting and to discuss ! Great guys, great project, but I gotta die
Don't forget! We are closed on Sunday, April 8th.
it just gets a bit old and trite. I love him, but im like guy im turning 31 soon. I don't wanna kick it like that anymore
Paging : are you guys losing it? You froze an acct I prepaid for a year because the cc on file expired? With 8 mos service to go?
I went a little crazy on instagram
now another teacher comin in tha room??
Hey Peado the Green Montser touch any kids lately? whoops
Tired of highschool and drama. Gotta make my own way now. Make good grades get out.. One year to make some
Papa johns where yall at? I need my pizza homie.
Honestly the pleasure is all ours, Merry Christmas to you too.
Stop tweeting and driving. LOL and those were big glasses. Haha.
What do you think about Lance Lynn?
64 bars of the most disrespectful shit ever said. We told ya, May is the month of the Madness, & it's only week 2.
Sharing my with today to live-tweet ASTD's Chapter Leader Day in Denver; join us via #astd2012cld 8-11:45am MT
Stretching before running warms up your muscles, increases blood flow and helps avoid injuries.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RIZZO!!! Wit yo sexy self!!!
First thing I did this morning was break out the juicer. Now I'm on to a full bottle of mineral water. #sxswdetox has begun.
Starving Marvin
Ohh I see. You were just making people think it was?
Maybe one day everyone will appreciate Justin Bieber like we do Rick Astley.
T1 It seems like specialists have more experience and knowledge of mhealth apps. Generally more focused applications
Thinking maybe Duffy was saving his arm on those IBB lobs
happy with the #Terps win, #TorreySmith performance ranks up their with Mark Mason and Lamont Jordan in terp lore; now onto the
you stayed?!?!
absofuckinglutely gonna get a pink wig and dress up as her on the superbass video hahah do u want to come with me? X
that didn't make sense
Thanks! It was tough shooting in there b/c the floor is bouncy wire (which, of course, is quieter than a regular floor), haha
i bought a snapback today and i'm the happiest boy alive
I love the new shirts! I'll add them to my stack of "I plead the FIF" shirts!
Can you say pathetic?(:
a breath of fresh air, after all the female bashing I notice on the daily.
Depends on how much I'm making. Roomie owns a 12-speed Oster blender & I have a Tribest personal blender. Both handle ice well. :)
why are you so cute? por kay?
Its hard to decide if I should listen to or watch Forrest Gump on TNTHD right now. Forrest is much smarter and funnier. Run SBK Run
I swear makes no sense sometimes SMH 😁
This news <
You learn something new about people everyday.
Thanks for the shout out!
On my way to get some breakfast.
boy yo old "WHIP TIL IT DRIP" JERRY CURL WEARIN ASS
Hey Gabby, just noticed we are following, can you follow back? We will be in Edmond for Music Video release party on the 1st.
RT : Life is too short to be stressed up with those people who even don't deserve to be an issue in your life.
No!!!!! I gotta treat you to some royale w/ cheese before you bounce in us, lol.
had a pretty fun night last night! 2012 is going to be a great year! :)
Watching Nicki Minaj is giving me a seizure
Thanks! A great day of mixing ahead. Wish you the same.
LeBron fait 5 kilos de plus que David West. Yep scary.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse
Guilty As Charged!!
I just wish, as a formerly bullied youth & activist, the mainstream media would tag onto this idea, becuz 'bully' is overused.
o damn... why i love u more than anything ???
hey sexy lady.
im sorry I couldnt get ucla to offer you. :-)
I strongly dislike thunderstorms.
....yall should really #phuck wit me...HOT NEW #BEATS ON DECK...jus send me a email and lemme send yall sum samples
The Red Line is like the Wicked Witch of the West. Add aittle water and things start to melt.
check out www.youtube.com put in Dawn Reese Show a day looking for sponsors if you want a good laugh also we NEED SPONSORS
“If a person fears God, she has no reason to fear anything else.” - Beth Moore
yup yup
CHALLENGE! During the season of love, we want to hear what you love most about Fit2Go. Our favorite post will win a box of Cao...
Ew, that article completely missed the point
You did leave, didn't you?
Just found out Mr Ed had peanut butter in his mouth. What he didn't really talk?
tbh, i miss last year summer, ok. the oscar ustreams, the boyz' were on the news (safesex), ugh everything.
Yes official
Cool !!! Thanks for all the Free Gifts... uhh... I think?
looking forward to your post. We're getting started with Socket Labs for large mailings of policy attestations & they use Rackspace.
Lupica outrageously makes much more out of #Braun's statements than is credible - and we still don't know the full arb opinion
posted up at grandmas bedside
could call in a pick up order at Open City! Or
he will follow u one day :) #neversaynever nd I miss u also :)
Got memorabilia to be autographed by DDP, Booker T, Luger, DiBiase, Raven+more? www.promolastevents.com/mail-order
At 30th St Station- headed home from a gr8 Intro class in Philly! Lots of new pins and pumped up Certified candidates.
everything new get gassed in Milwaukee..... It's a combo of real good songs with real bad songs
Thank you! I KNOW how deeply PROUD my Papa (Tom Moore) would be of you & the Pastors The depth of teaching - fantastic
Big Donkey doesn't come through again
hehe you know it. They are really nice actually.
My coffee is making me sweaty.
mines to lol ")
Yes, it sure is! And Phase I (English, Theatre, Dresher Center, scholars programs) opens next summer! Then Phase II begins.
I know. May have to pick someone up.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Morning well spent with Oma, Opa, Mimi, and my grandma. I won't be able to eat for the rest of the day. So full.
RT : huge win in edmonton. looking forward to a rockin rose garden crowd sunday night!!
Ladies, dont ever let a guy make you sad. If they don't appreciate you then find a new one. You are to good for that.
More is less. - Mies Van Der Rohe. Less is more. - Le Corbusier. More or Less - Danko.
This was the greatest legal gambit since Mike Brady dropped his briefcase on the courtroom floor
Ooh, that crisp cool post-storm breeze coming through the windows is divine.
Well so much for a smooth trip back. This plane has an issue as well and we are returning to our gate.
Sometimes you cannot believe what you see. You have to believe what you feel. ~Morrie Schwartz via
So True.. And is happening right now!
I know. I have a breakfast at 7:30. Good night!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!51
now brewing: california batch #1 (wt), an english pale ale.
I love eavesdropping on the office ladies trying to describe #SuperBowl plays, but not knowing any of the terms. It's called a
Fucking yankees mann
PLEASE HELP US get followers and tell your followers to follow us and RT
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
if he spun as well as he talked we'd be following him on Twitter now wouldn't we? Modesty has its place my friend...
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - :))
stay positive, you'll be fine :)
App of the week for journalists: AnalyticsPro
See if I was Blaine, the gloves would've came off and his brother would be out the door<3
LUSH BATH. Serious obsession.
If you follow me, I will make you your favorite tea. Promise.
To change the status quo: proactively seek broad range of experiences. Dr. Jarik Conrad
Komen CEO made $456,437 last year, more than 1/2 the amount of cash they won't give Planned Parenthood this year due to right-wing stoogery.
cans of Oldstyle? Oh wait- gentrification...
Aww thank you :)
Going to start tweeting again in anticipation of iOS 5 integrating twitter!
Look, we could argue about this for hours. If you like elevator music, then like Jessica.. That's your choice.
I know right! I miss those day :( lol
Today I'll be at reserve & u?
No Will Shields???
Out of retirement for a split second....MAVS! Lebron is a bum!
: " good boy" - Nobody ever accused me of that! ha ha ha ... oh wait. I admitted that last night. Tonight might be different
why are u playing Kan Jam in the rain????? And congrats at the same time.
See you all at the show tonight at capones! New shirts in! Also if birds could fly will be playing as well so come out!
This summer isn't gonna be shit compared to last summer..
#NYCSportsReport: Crushing It: The New Jersey #Devils & Even Strength Possession in the 2012 Playoffs
Blah fish for dinner, not my fav. #iwant enchiladas ;D
We say all of em and we can't wait to see everyone glowing at on Sept 23rd!
I caught the end of "Boyz in the Hood" earlier tonight on Lifetime, no idea they ran that genre -
May is Healthy Vision Month.
it went well! It was really hard but I stayed positive and told myself I could finish. And eventually you get there!
Tuesday is off to a much better start! I kind of wish the weather was hot again. And rainy too.
fans are delusional.
Watching every single jersey shore episode from the beginning :)
Beginning a new artistic performance venture, stay tuned!
I called him bck he said you get the $120 yet. -_____- yep I gotta go up there.
sink load and fire til the empire's reaped what they've sewn
Job Opening: Paralegal to provide support for Client’s Employment, Benefits, and Labor Law Department. 2-4 years experience required!
lovely day in NOLA! Taking back the night w/parade in Algiers PT tonight 6-7PM ferry landing to international school.
There's nothing wrong with being radio-friendly, especially with pop.
meh, if it fixes the stuff you broke in the previous release.. I'm for it ;)
okay & I hate you too
List also included & RT : Congrats to peeps who helped City be a "Social Media Star"
well, talk to someone so you don't ♥
Successful parenting is convincing each of your children that he or she is your favorite.
and if you wanted to talk to him, you'd do the same? Or the rules don't apply...?
Horrible time management meant no working out today… It's ok I'll to better tomorrow
Lmao! man I miss you!!!
that's a low blow
hope you're having a great weekend as well
Curtsy! Bow! Whatever. Maybe one day I can sous for you. RT : funny -- wish I'd thought of that.
TY so much for your support!!!
I want a Dave Lumia autographed bobble head.
I never know what to tweet. This. Is. So. Confusing.
I read that as you got a facial from Robin Thicke.
I propose a new a holiday for the masses, National Subservience Day! (NSD) It will bootlickin' fun!
just passed something filming in Belmont... hm
Izturis crushed that ball.
Crazy uncle just called an empty champagne bottle a "dead Indian"
Coupon code: HEARTS for 30% off! www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
Thelonious Monk Fish
Tx for the follow. Hope all is well with you! I'm in CA this week facilitating a workshop. Fun!
Its here. I found it in our beer cooler.
2 hours of Celine Dion, 1 hour of Bette Midler and Valentines Day. Great movie session
Thanks for the support!
lol haha that's fine. They are obscure often.
What kind of writing help do you need: Business, Creative, or Technical?
We love him too! RT i love professor clement price. he's one of my role models!
omg I hate getting up at 5 in the morning ewww
Yes! certificate import problem. And a documentation update recommendation from the user.
Because i dont eat bacon..my family now makes Turkey Bacon..I love it :) lol
actually no lol I just saw one today his name is Teddy hehe
Study time with >>>
you are more/than forgotten
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.--Janis Joplin
I could really go for some honey Dijon kettle chips right about now ! #fatgirl@<3 lol
actually about to order at G2 and do a video review on it..
Jeff, thanks for the follow!
Hoping to get this Bomb going by the weekend!!
That's icky. FYI I moved past sandwiches to toast for this city. If you'd like to start an I-rent-in-DC support group I'm in.
As the moon retaineth her nature, though darkness spread itself before her face as a curtain, so the Soul remaineth perfect even
nice 2 meet u last night w/Rachel. Good luck with Churchsky's! Very cool concept. Safe travels!
Lovin your message:) Thanks for your support! Happy Friday and #MuchSuccess to you!
Have we convinced you yet? Of course we have! Buy your party tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Thanks for the RT
I'm probably several weeks behind the rest of the geek contingent on the 'net, but nice surprise seeing on
Oh and sorry that I said Sunday that I would call you I swear I completely 4got Bcause I not take after noon naps so yeah
I need to talk to Reese tomorrow & ask if I can fill the position of secretary for our class. Stephen & I would plan a great prom.
Crazy Friday night. Played barbies with a five year old
Good Morning, All...
Forever alone or Forever in love <21 -
that was a movie. although with enough sequals to form an entire season of a TV show.
Mean people suck! GET NICE!
Damn, guys, I may have tripled my tweet count today. What's gotten into me? Besides Greek yogurt? Do NOT answer that.
Interesting, but I'm not sure if you mean the book's quotes are meant to be aimed at me or others :-)
ideas home business
u listen to any of my songs on the page? wat u think?
Watching da all star game how are all of yall doing
I just read a story about a blind guy who's training to run in his eleventh marathon in case you were wondering how lazy you are
Yoo Erin Martin is a clown. Shields Brothers FTW
Shame on ESPN, NFL Network, & CNN, still no word from them.
check out #illustrations. You'll love his work.
I have a couple of new prize ideas for our kickstarter project. Hopefully I'll have them up by Monday!
GONNA KEEP CALLING ALL NIGHT!(;
Ready for another week! Expecting some BIG blessings while I'm thanking God in advance.
cool RT : great. I'll pass ur # to her!
packing my lunch and snacks right now.
I may be buying a mustang right now...
Glad I had a chance to kinda relax today.
If you never make anyone do something then you will be rewarded that's the freeworld :p
trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky:) 14 degrees here.
what do people in an art museum in the first place and then capitalize on that activity -
😂😂😂 RT : shoutout to FxckYouPayMe_ she dead forgot bout me
Shaliene Woodley in #Valentino SS '12, Melissa McCarthy in Marina Rinaldi and great ladies!!
hey u... How u been
2012 and STILL no sign of hoverboards...
If Withey got a piece, clock should've started then and the last shot could never have happened...
Every time I start to prep my class for this summer I think of all the amazing LIS pros who have influenced and educated me. Thanks to you.
A unique identifier for the Empire State Bldg. That's a cool concept.
Today, in 1964, the first Ford Mustang was completed on the assembly line...and look how far car technology has come!
Always wanted to see a game in KC also
Did not! My phone tweeked out and frozen when hung up
thank u
How You Saying Money Over Bitches But Don't Get None ? Lmao
#NowPlaying –DJ John Rizzo – TV Rock –Diamonds in the Sky
nike for sure!
I just got a surprise SECOND trailer for "We Are The Federation"!!! Wanna see??
but I have dreams about her all the time.... usually she and I are up to our old tricks or she is bossing me around..
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys. Icon in music.
#resume #tip Your resume is one of many steps to getting your idea job.
Sweet!! RT : Catching up on New Girl finale. Did you know Schmidt played young Sandy Cohen in an OC flashback?
"If the drive is too far, traffic is too bad, your gf is annoying, your job sucks and that keeps u from doing it - go do something else..."
agreed. since has no hope of keeping up with twitter, better to be 100% right than fast
are you on the juice?
Listening to Michael Pollan speak on campus. Love it when we get good speakers.
Thoughts on A.Craig's upside? Is this/his 200 ABs last yr the real deal?!?
Nice idea! Think I'll do the same. RT : Tomorrow I'll take a walk down the Scholars Walk. So inspiring. What a place.
What I just saw >>>
you graduated kid get over it
Low key Rihanna's new jam liven that beat tho.
google "Let it snow" using chrome or firefox for a nice surprise!
the pleasure is mine, thanks! the NC project looks wonderful, big time.
who is this
Exactly. I am who I am. Not gonna change that at this point. *shrugs* RT : Who? What? Where?
Love a pranky every now and then!.
A great pursuit! Wonderful orientation! Amazing what you find even hidden, tarnished, misshapen or abandoned. Redeemable!
I hear u. I like new, but I don't need another lame social media blah blah blah.
you may have to delete and get it again and then login?
what did you have prior?
strange that it is happening 3 days in 1 location?
I remember watching Dick Clark every New Year's Eve for the last 18 years. RIP Dick Clark, you will be greatly missed and never forgotten.
you are too kind!!!...been lovin the genius and brilliance of your work over the radiowaves:)
Kik with ! My username is CollinsCold. :D
How often do premiums increase on this plan? 1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins. Get your book today www.theprofittrap.com
In CHICAGO<3
Annotators workbench - open source tool for segmenting and annotating video.
RT : Trudie Styler is speaking for the rainforest and its inhabitants, calling for consciousness @
I thought you were working on it. :)
#Pacers baby.
Can we go to wingstop later?
Fuck you/ thank you for this hangover Hope tomorrow morning is a lot worse.
There's still time to walk on over for our hibachi lunch. (When have you been able to say that on February 1?)
I'm around! But headed to the gym!
how do you tell if you got the meet & greet
hey Justin
Root for the Rangers!
I am going Dubuque, grew up there plus I think Vinny is the best in the league
My 9-minute speech on Crowdsourcing Governance (w link to Putin on #opengov ). Thanks to
I surely did!!! Thank you so much for saving my life!!!! I owe you big time!
Chicago is terrified of "anarchists".
Glad we're on the same level! I see we're both PRSSA Treasurers... very cool! What kind of PR are you into?
RT : What is your vision for your business? #cct11What is your vision for your business?
When you getting home?
Did you know that from is bilingual?!? What other language do you think he speaks?
It takes skill to be real, its time that we heal each other! #Changes ...
Hahaha! Levin (the great one)tearing Hannity up about his 'Tweeting'. Sean is now a joke!!
- There are a lot of consultants and recruiters, but there's millions of candidates and awesome entrepreneur-types on there too.
I think Gotlieb is on crack tonight, i really do
Haha way to think ahead! not!
Oh. What's carrot top chimichurri like? Been trying to figure out what to do with them.
Mothers share inspiring stories in &#39;my Pregnancy&#39;
Can't wait to review some of the #CT2011 recordings. Terrific conference.
Digital Harbor 3 Poly 0 after one inning at Camden Yards Championship
Okay! #youfirst ;) RT : bring on #NoPantsThursday, with out without power! :)
denied Delofted media credentials to US Open, b/c we don't cover enough golf news. How old fashioned! Get with the next gen!
the other bro. c:
I hate rainy mornings
Which Republican candidate do you think has the best chance against Obama?
Don't sell urself short. U r Amazing!! The photographer's job is easy taking ur pics! Stunning!!
Had a FANtastic time at The Enzian tonight! Congrats to all at YRR, Rick & the Fans! We Rock!
My friend came lol
yikes ..lol not sure i wanna know now ..
I wonder how much time I spend doing other people's jobs for them.
Ugh, I wanted to do something today...
Did you know a Dusty Computer can start a fire??
Ready for Wednesday night?
I confide in my parents.
Please be kind, & rewind :-P
St. Patrick's Day Sales extended: $40 All Top Shelf: Durban Poison, Island Sweet Skunk and more. Come check it out!
Join hundreds of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Women’s Success Summit!...
trying out to be an Ice crew girl!!!
The problem with helping $$ Haiti is corruption. 100s of Millions $ of aide is unaccounted for when the world rushed in to aide tsnami vics.
+1 for firebug. You could also look into web developer toolbar, and ySlow for optimization testing.
why does U.S. House Transportation highway bill address safety of 'older drivers' but not 'teen drivers'?
After a 3 hr walk with Brianna time to relax and drink beer with Les!
awe ): do somethingg.
knows how important cities are for our economy and society. helps cities connect globally, thrive locally
#MelissaMcCarthy is so awesome looking tonight.
Today is Madeline L'Engle's Birthday. She would have been 93 today. She is a member of the NYS Writers Hall of Fame.
the spurs are the most boring team to watch... 
#UArts alum Ed Letven '54 (CERT) Advertising Design's paintings featured in ArtUnleashed. Newspaper profile on Ed today:...
Got a free computer. ^_^
Getting ready for a great morning at the Andover Library! I love getting to hang out with people and give kids a chance to have a blast!
College Football Predictions Afternoon Game:Texas A&M; Okla -500 Money Line and Okla -17.5
wow. Thats... Crazy.
Each thought you have will either be an investment or a cost to you .. It will either move you towards happiness or away from it
I enjoy the fast lane with sudden slow downs to watch female joggers!
Unless decides to marry me. Then I'll reconsider.
Wow. SoulTrain awards gave the gospel award during pre-show. Is that a sign that their keeping the church out of the devils den. Lol
Full House Is On. Bout 2 Go 2 Sleep Soon
Undercover with Oregon state investigators to catch contractors working outside the law. #unit8investigation 11pm
I don't understand what that has to do with me, is this a spam thing?
Business with Ivor - Live from St Albans - Apr 30,2012 Crafting your Facebook profile How to use Facebook - strategy How to integrat
getting my hair done
RT : So 3 armed robberies last night in Cleveland Park/Tenleytown area? That's not good. // y'all be safe
on BET.
To Charleston or not to Charleston?
concretestepsmusic.com for tunes and info.
It's an awesome feeling opening my email and seeing a schedule of street repaving/repairs of D5 roads!
we thought it was pretty cool, too! Thank you for the share!
Looks like a Metro stop!
Throw Westyn in that photo & it would have been far too adorable for my eyes.
I hear the screaming and crying of children.
Dr's orders! Enjoy the nice weather!
Hey west town - your dealer's deliver! Just saw the whole thing on Chi & Elizabeth. Take it easy on Tony's heat & cool - he's high as hell.
Fin de l'episode. Have a great weekend everyone!
I might feel different if I new the exact reason, but who could you find better than D. Fischer to represent the players Union??
Once again: created a handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
Happiest man in the world right now? ? I think so.
Ye-haa found my favorite peanut butter!! "M ...cut up a fat crispy Apple and smear it with sloppy PEANUT BUTTER snack time!!
Yo bro i think one nerf gun is enough to kill the fake zombies
what up Kiish!
Happy woman day to all the lovely ladies out there
It's game day Marquette!!!
oh darn it, it didn't got to our GS troop yard sale, hm
Remind: tmrw is last Feb Wed, one more chance to have 5% of all sales go to We'll announce our March PROPS ptr Wed, 3/7.
Yea its good. Ive put one together. And i got hella moe beatz too -- Cocoa Tyson ()
when Felton is good he can be really good- like last night. But you got to be good more than 1 in every 6 games. Should go
You spoke incorrectly tonight. You said Ron Paul is flocking to Rick Santorum's positions. There are 0 examples of this.
I did one!!!! haha mines the far right! <3
We need more places to party in MI. LET'S START A PROTEST. LMAO
If i could only meet since hes in Houston i just wanna hear him say brick squaaaadddd ! #Houston lmao i would say it with him
Limit two with the purchase of your entree. Make sure you mention that you seen this on fb or twitter, to cash in on a steal of a deal.
I love you too loser but I hope you know that your love for me won't make me let you keep your life :-)
its cute though isn't it ... the girls pretending to be athletes and espn pretending anyone anywhere cares...
they were like "do we really have to see with a face like :D and were in :)
Good ones.
going camping!
"The most important thing about having goals is having one." ~ Geoffrey F. Abert
Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang! Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable!
there was an old Bill, an evil Bill...and I killed him.
Just got tickets for the and game tomorrow! Sitting right where the Heat come out
eh um idk it depends on the time
CONGRATS BABY
family cuddles!
thank you very much! I'm very proud of the progress it is making!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there! I hope your day is filled with laughter.
Seth Myers: If I come home from Las Vegas & tell my girlfriend "No apologies", I'm pretty sure there's gonna be a follow-up conversation.
We will be taping our music video next weekend AND it will be Bryan Cole, our bassist's birthday!!!! :D WHO IS STOKED?! <3
hey , any chance I could get a short interview with you about GLJ? let me know!
43 minutes later, only answer from verizon: "it will be corrected on your next bill". It better be, or we're dropping all services.
Follow me I follow you how does that sound to you ?
Had an amazing time at the #VNVNation #Concert wish had been there =(
HAHAHAHAHAHHA wait... HAHAHAHAHA RT : You peaked in high school. RT : you aren't funny anymore ):
Mantra: I will keep writing in script format until I get better at it.
Can't wait, can't wait can't wait. Whoulda thunk I'd be so excited to stay in Ohio for a week?!
Sign up for our mailing list today! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com and look for the form on the right :)
This tweet goes out to because she always complains that I don't tweet enough. Here you go KK. Happy Now?
thanks man;) glad you like them!
A boyfriend who tell hoes I gotta girlfriend is a real nigga.
Doesn’t it bother you that NBC keeps asking folks to go online during the show? Wouldn’t you prefer they watch it?
Need help with your vocabulary? Check out these 10 sites for help! bit.ly/9IrZTW
If your world revolves around a celebrity or specific person.....you really need to get a life of your own.
I'm now a secret billionaire
I love
dumb ass cold killing me
I need a friend
Just finished posting flyers on the store's window and the gym's windows. Haha. Anything for BLAC! <3 :)
met with in Washington DC today. Thank you for supporting and our service in schools!
our website puts one to sleep. fixing it thrills the soul.
omg same here! cant wait to start sleeping in til like noon
small a la carte plates distributed via conveyor and simple pricing structure
nigga i said come meet my gf dis weekend
today's word of the day is: Pragma
I hope my wonderful wife and kids are having fun cleaning the basement
once again im pushed into the pool☺
you are the BEST! I remember you helped guide me home on side streets in Nov. 2010
Why does everything in the mini bar have a maxi price?
did you know Brake Specialists Plus has tires? come to one of our Austin locations and we can get you fixed up!
Work on halloween, boo.
Everytime I close my eyes, I see what happened yesyerday over and over and over again. 
Be glad: delayed answers are gaining interest.
Be & tinyt back at it like we Neva left , kmsl tell who Eva to take sum from me
A: Ben Isaacson "build privacy controls into your product and respect your user"
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
We are not nor have been adequately employed 2 our ed level.....
Yay! RT : Day one of "Going Local": Bye-bye, #starbucks. Hello ! Thanks for the light roast this morning
Really sad about Whitney Houston being dead i really honored her and no matter wat i we will always love her <3
Hearing loads of sirens at Hollywood and LaBrea. Any idea what's going on?
Webcasting from the club. I love technology. Just another night at the office.
kinda the same. I only keep cards for bullet points. Hate being read to.
I have been hearing a crazy amount of sirens in Arlington tonight....
Headed to big sur!
Dont hold back your love
every single day.. & now out of no where he just stopped talking to me. He doesn't even look at me or anything... I don't even
Ha... you've got to be talking about my sister Jenny! She had such an easygoing sweet little wedding.
Great morning #twitter world
every single person.
The first 50 people out at Anejo's tonight get free chips & salsa to go with bottomless ice water! The Rangers couldn't even beat that deal!
For some reason. I just feel really good about the next three month!
People have already made jokes about Schwarzenegger's "Mr. Freeze" fighting the LA arsonists, right? You can have that idea, Hollywood.
Some of Pheasant Branch is paved, I haven't been to Picnic Point yet this year, but I know they did some updates.
just finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest. What's next??
Best 2 bumper stickers on the Datsun pickup I just saw: 1) My other car is your mom, 2) Nice Lexus, Dickhead.
Even in the dark baby ima shine bright..
Me too! Just started watching a month ago and on the third season.
please follow me
Ok, this talk is nearly done. Now, how to fit in some Ryan Gosling Works in Publishing meme images...
The heismans have been removed from the cases. Reggie's should also be here...
I swear to God if my mom asks me how to send a message on fb ONE more time I'm kicking her out of the house
Thank God that He has been rebuiliding my self esteem & image from the ground up & i have a new sense of confidence! We win
I need Hulu! AND an Ipad. And New Girl. And to redo my pony tail.
thanks man! Stay safe!
Did anyone else hear the creak of the closet door opening?
I told her we both came in 7th period together hahaha
Who wants to follow the worlds next big comedian? The come on do it now!!!!!!
My feeling is that you were holding back because you didn't want to give away the store at $25/moth. Is that true? Best, Zeb
