Happy 1 yr anniversary -#binladen is gone & the awesome abbotabad raid, Hurray
To whom it may concern..I did not purposely unfollowing u...my tweetcaster went bizirk! #nf everyone that was unfollowed back! Lol
S/o To Powder Puff Player
Thanks to and Steven Reigns for the poetry last night. You guys made Bradbury's poetry shine!
DUDE FAT ASS FUCK!!
Holy crap. w/ just made it 8-1 against arguably one of the best AL teams of 2012.
Confused on analogy of if Clinton = black pres then Obama = gay pres. Totally different. Shouldn't Lincoln or LBJ = black pres?
RT reasons I'm excited to go back to the USA: so I can exercise and control my diet and not feel like I'm having chest pain.
My family lived on food stamp allocation for 3 for a week. Hard, confirmed absolutely necessity to preserve this program.
Damn this Popsicle good👍
Um say what?
I have less than 0 motivation today. It's unfortunate given I really need to get an IRB mod through so I can run a focus group soon. Meh.
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true
Sunny days are speed bumps to productivity.
Come warm me up. :-)
Happy Greek Easter!!!
I eat a lot
Just dawned on me that I'm bedded next door to Ebony/Jet parent company's offices.
Yeah!! I heard it was GREAT!!! Good work you guys!!
you betcha! Just slow!!
Skeeball registration closes for Canton (Dark Horse Saloon) on Feb 1st and league play begins Feb 8th! ($2 pints and $7 pitchers of Miller)
I'm not in love, but the....
TWISTED FACT: Only 17% of Americans admit to sexting. I'm pretty sure someone's fibbin.
Kiss , Laugh , Dream <3
"now you're just somebody that I used to know"
Lots of interesting notes from librarians at SLA 2010 Annual Conference in New Orleans!
Deep Dive: brainstorm, don't be afraid to fail.
I hope things are going well for you.
A roller skating midget just emailed me on OK Cupid.
just started working out. Time to exercise...
Check out CFYJ's brand new blog!
Show Sunday night at the 7 venue in Douglasville, Ga! Come out and see us at 7pm!
i know. life's hard, kid.
drama and dramatic.That explains it right? LOL.All I can say though.Thanks
RT : and are doing promoted Tweets and really like it
sorry for not following you its that i have a following limit and i have to eait till people follow me back.
Try to find an exercise buddy. You have someone to keep feeling responsible to them.
Likewise. It'll be awesome.
thank ya kindly
Gillian Rodger: Americans co-opted, but were also co-opted by, Creole cultural practices in antebellum New Orleans.
" God will never put you through anything you can't handle." The deeper the soul the bigger the lessons!
bless up!
oh just Vivisimo's acquisition by IBM perhaps?
it looks really crisp n that's w/o photoshop. Combined all the media from the skate adventure today.
I know.Ur still getting chocolate :) How do u drive every wknd? This drive today seems SO long. Thnx for the tweet distractions!
Bout to go kick it with my Rock Steady peoples...
Happy New Year!!
YOU'RE A KID. YOU DO SCHOOL. Thats all.
hey call me when your free
#iwant new extensions..
Packing for Springfield Ohio and wondering do I bring shorts or jeans or both?
43 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
I cannot give you something so special and then just leave. I can't.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
I chose #musesleep too.
Watching Stephen King movies with my mother.
Glad you could make it and nice to meet you last night!
Book Idea: 50 Shades of Gray.
Nope, even tho he leaves his "bodily fluid" all over the city. RT: : spiderman would never do that in NY.
I wouldn't say that too loudly after last monday night's game.... #nfl #broncosstillsuck (And I don't like the chiefs either.)
A2: In your closing, without being too abrupt, politely offer your business card.
As long as you don't call me Bossy. Kekeke.
It's the last day of our April Build Week! Check our FB page this afternoon for the final pics of what we've accomplished this week!
lounging around like always.
FML... yesterday was one of the worst days I've had in years
there used to be nights where i would lay awake, thinking about if i got the chance to be with you, how i'd feel so great. i miss that shit.
would someone mind posting the latest post to the cauldron facebook page? i would do it, but then my identity would be revealed.
I'm after love that lasts, not more religion. - God
grounded or?...
Headache = DISLIKE
"Team take ya bitch
Farm fresh eggs, homemade jellies, whimsical woodcrafts and now LOCAL WINE! Yup, we've got it !
I never thought i'd see an end in sight
Not surprised to hear baby boomers talking about health care and future of social security.
H.E Ambassador Apakan reconfirms Turkeys commitment to hosting HABITAT I in Istanbul
Nap. Studying more anatomy. Nap. Studying
Thanks for the bday wishes!!
thank you to for my friend's shoutout she died when she saw it!! :):)
Thanks for the shout outs and for checking out my work!
RT Sometimes college grad students need extra money, maybe can find to edit for reasonable fee after you've tried free help
I'm pretty sure you meant to say "delicious and brilliant" back there.
Barracuda Tavern for lunch on this dreary Friday...lunch beer?
Working on the FAIR Health Plan this evening.
Back to Flint today! Not happy about it but five more weeks and I'll be done for good!
“: we're gonna claim them as our own: They're too far-out good for D-town.” Warm fuzzies.
RT #FF for doing the right thing.
bitch im thowed
oh really hate you and your pics recently haha
Beats watchin this Rangers
Toyota Makes Service Plans Standard
Hello this is Cheri Gmiter Are you talking about the website? We have updated the agency list but if your talking about website - i need ...
Having that exact moment. Time to log off...
Okay, enough retweeting new clients for now. It is exciting to see so many events join the TRS family!
haha yes. Richey cant control us.
keeping the victims of today's school shooting in ohio in our prayers this morning
yes im so scared
Green is good. RT Just saw a hybrid cab... I dig that heavily.
"As a standard, ONIX is significantly forked" Yes -- he meant forked ;-)
You do know that Field House is half the size of Rupp which makes it louder by design
They say you never forget the first homeless man you stab with a shank in a dark alley.
You are so beautiful
lmaoo!! It's gonna b CRAY!! Yea ik it's coming up! Def keep me posted if its like a guys and girls thing when u go out!
Deer Tick played a cover of "Fight For Your Right" tonight and that's fine by me.
Is this hotel pager friendly? ;)
I wonder if the broccoli industry is upset that they've been dragged into the health care fight?
Happy to be hanging with
How did I get a sun burn in march?
Watching Jonah Hill getting a parking ticket is
#cara student Pamela P. secured a position at Women's Treatment Center as a Case Aid!! 59 of 310!!!
Last shot on goal wins tonight!
i heart music as prophecy and that song was prophetic!
Family of missing Austin mom, Julie Ann Gonzalez, wants to see her 4 yr old daughter more. Judge says they have to stop harassing.
something different. Figured why not. Got you to click it ;)
Dwight Jones to #Texans. tremendous free agent pickup.
I really want to drive the Yungas Death Road in Bolivia, but I think that's probably a bad idea.
It's Show Time!!! Good luck Ya'all! Get that Beer on ice & Tater Chips ready to much!
Morgan- clutch beast!
Gum: I like to chew it-chew it
Ugh #teamnosleep = team not working out.... Haha 💤💤💤
On rainy days, people smell like wet dog. -_-
you're welcome! :)
some people are just ignorant luv!!
getting so sick of this..
Don't just refine the solution, refine the problem. Design thinking bumper sticker
Send us a pic/update as the epicness unfolds!! #soFresh :
Library robot tour this Thursday (and every 3rd Thursday) at 3:00. RooBot tours convene at 1st floor service desk, Miller Nichols Library
angle was just to cute
OMG, that's excelente!!! You're on fire w/Zumba! #shakeshakeshake RT : How are you!! Headed to Zumba shortly - 6th class this wk!!!
Thanks for your great ideas! MT: Really productive and engaging first DLF Advis Mtg today. Excited about where community is going!
I got a dime bitch and a Nina, They both get you wet like Aquafina💦
sitting right below you at the game. Huge fan. Would love an autograph or to meet you and Golic. Go tribe
If u think a pool filled with caramel's not as good as chocolate filled with caramel, you've been inviting the wrong people to your parties.
I love Katy Perry, for real..songs are amazing
only the fan club can enter the contest to make it fair.
Havent tweeted for awhile so hello :)
game night is a must! Let's show & how it's done!
while re-organizing my closet, I realized how similar it is to a garage sale/Goodwill/choir costume holder.
: hahahahaha you have paws " its a barn yard" hahahaga retard
“: Former Cowboys cornerback Terrance Newman officially has agreed to terms with the Bengals.”--sorry bengals fans
Hello, Albuquerque! This weekend is our biggest and best art show, the Weems Artfest, 25th Anniv., honoring artist Betty Sabo. Be there!
Thanks for the #FF, Stephanie!! Excited about Legends game? I "liked" your FB page!! Good stuff!
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
Like a seed in a garden with rite conditions life grows! Let you idea grow in ur garden of dreams! Summer is here, make it happen!!!
Y O L O - You Obviously Love Oreos.
Nice to see my guys fighting. Go Bulls. BULLieve.
Up with cat and drawing
Yes, we're excited for Max's return to our weekly TV lineup. :)
But.... I thought you guys were already dating O_o
Life isn't about the number of breaths we take, but the moments that take our breath away.~Anonymous
I'm so excited for you
for sure guilty loom upon his face
I bought a great book on Positive Productivity, about how to be more efficient... just haven't found the time to read it!
Pretty good considering what team we're working with! We'll have it all ready for you mid next week for sure.
I couldn't eat any cookies...they were for his and Gio's teachers. :(
All Time Low was awesome last night!!!!
SUPER FAR ✈ lololol
Yea! A.I. practice haha RT : you talking bout practice? PRACTICE?!
TWINS GAME TODAY<3
Enjoying a nice indian meal followed by a Thai massage in LA... and then bed. Tomorrow 1k HORSE at the bike!!!
when we die
Mark Cuban says he plans to bid on Dodgers
Our volleyball team is busy warming up for tonight's game. Mostly by thinking about the chicken wings we'll get to eat beforehand.
trevaris has my headphones so im just sitting here w. shit to do besides tweet.
Left is Right | How FBI Entrapment Is Inventing 'Terrorists' - and Letting Bad Guys Off the Hook - Rolling Stone
please people. I often find myself changing my personality to match those around me.
Senator Bill Nelson is a Democrat from Florida who just voted against a public option. He is up for reelection in 2012.
If I told you I showered in it, it would not be close to a lie.
#GH, hear me out. I NEVER want Liz and Lucky together AGAIN. Do not give me that crap!
let people know about my twitcam that will be on friday I am gonna perform my song I wrote for ariana
#NeverTurstAGuy who says you can trust them.. boy please..
Plus this person is late to everything, I'm done with it.
(John W. Raper) Hit the ball over the fence and you can take your time going around the bases.
thanks, I will check it out!
I put you down on the referral card. You might get a discount for it. lol
I'm sure it's been talked about but 6th-round pick WR Tommy Streeter did leave rookie camp early with a stomach bug.
loved the interview #CKinterview, thanx for introducing tweetchat! Btw- how did you design your twitter background?
agreed! Once I finish my capstone writing and other course work I am going to write a series of posts about my experience.
First comes a thought, then it becomes your energy....make sure it's a good one.
THANKS SWEETIE!
Peach or Red Berry? hm
TMZ is what had made stupid morans like the Kardashians and Hiltons role models in this frail society...
thx pencil lead is simpler to find!
#HappyHour every week night from 3 to 6 pm, with great drink, wine, beer and appetizer specials!
Today in 1982 the #Yankees #homeopener was snowed out by a blizzard that dumped nearly 10 inches of
We are celebrating Malasada Day with some extra sweet treats. How are you celebrating?
AFPW MONSTER GAINER FOR TUESDAY THE 17TH~START YOUR DD OR PLAY THE MOMO AFPW $$$$$
"Cyberspace" is a layer tightly integrated all around us, including ambient devices
Cats was the original death of musical theatre. I don't talk to ANY of those CTI peeps. Sad.
Hope he gets you around safely! It's a sure thing you'll have fun with a Valentino, esp combined with wine and a smile like his!
I'm off the wagon. Shots in the DJ booth w/ and at LEGGO!
Cafe Centraal for some late lunch!
Did you know many times suicide cleanup is covered by renters/homeowners insurance? Cleanup after a homicide may be covered by the State.
Just lying low - some hawks have been swooping down in park lately... but they seem to have flown off.
Can I just sleep all my problems away?
RT : A Girl came up to me on campus and said "I have a turbo kick crush on u!" you KNOW that made my day.
all I said was I want DQ which we aren't even getting so THERE
Hi Eden. I hope all is well. We like Austin, but we also miss Madison... Please send PDM my warm wishes. I miss working with him.
Breakfeast With Santa! With my girlss(:
Wish I could say my absence yesterday was a #SOPA protest, but alas, it was only trying to analyze #Eliot's The Waste Land.
we were jazzed about our new QR code! see it on facebook- we are always looking for creative designswww.bookkeepergirl.com
It's so nice in Pdx! I sure can get use to this.
A Lie Truer Than Truth
Met made my day, no my year! thnx for making this the best day ever!
i was about to say! who gonna pay child support? RT : “: quit ?” -- lol nah. I just got off. ??
It's open! Soupregirl and it's so good! 314 Carroll Street, NW – right next to Mayorga Coffee. The soup is the BOMB!!
That's not acceptable😒
No letting go no holding back because you are my lady when I'm with you its all I've got
Attention James Taylor ticket holders! Next Tuesday JT will take the stage PROMPTLY AT 8 PM. No opening act but there will be intermission.
Well fuck you to then ya
RT Replace textbooks and aggregate materials so students don't have to bare the cost.
Going to #McDonalds for a salad is like asking a hooker for a hug.
Green Gardens is workin with some legit OG's, gonna hit this Abusive OG, get super irie and crash out!!!
hm...THAT looks like something I need to check out!
We should just hang out by ourselves! PARTY
Trying to finish up my latest interactive web instrument in flash. I think it's going to be pretty cool.
I know were all one, but Bridezillas on WE is really pushing the limits of my compassion for others.
I'm so ready to for it to be Friday!!
It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.
ohh gotcha, well I also just ate!!
Come on Harden you have to throw that down. Don't second guess it, whew.
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎thats what i feel about dunk results
"Success tempts many to their ruin." ~ Phaedrus Phaedrus
There are two primary choices in life : to accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility for changing them.
On pizza? “: Captain Crunch dipped in chocolate is something everyone should try! #foodiechats Yum!!”
I guess you could say Indie Pop, you can dance to it, but its not to dancey, great for summer/good year round, no cheese.
You'd think they'd learn BUT THEY DON'T RT Watching Death Wish. Charles Bronson cannot go five minutes without getting mugged.
CRASH UPDATE: Only the right lane is closed now on I-405 north @ 4th, traffic still backed up to Terwilliger on I-5
baby birds.
I love to sleep. It's hard to make mistakes while you're asleep.
My house is half the size of Emily's and I'm way older than she is.
Texas is getting sloppy and we're capitalizing.
what's good with cha?
The creative adult is the child who survived. - U. LeGuin via
RT : It's only a matter of time ...
Women, Vaginas and Blood: Breaking menstrual taboos with artist Sarah Maple - The Independent (blog)
You know what? I may go see #TheHungerGames again today!
Got a feeling Prince fielder gonna do damage in Detroit!!!
so....you are saying what? That BSU should only have been penalized for the cost of three class credits? Don't think so
Why the heck do I feel so lonely today?
A corporation's primary goal is to make money. Government's first role is to take a big portion of that money and give it to others.
stepped up big time tonight against the big three 3 of Boston! Huge win
guys I'm an expert at the dougie. LOL JK.
Our reporter is at Terminal 2- he says they are letting people back in. listen for updates at 7:09
All thesse boys•
um yeah I made the connection eventually. Great group.
That guy was really good at popping -- I was watching him 15 minutes ago.
Make sure you send in some pics of your own to :)
I see'em now.
You the man Herm!!!
I originally thought it was a musician, and the pics on the side were album covers.
Jerry and the entire organization owe the fans an apology for their miserable season.
We like the sound of #ManningtoMiami a little better ;)
RT: I can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot. If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the West.
...9 days until Lisa's story airs....May 7 CBS 48 Hrs Mystery! Set your DVR's now!
Playing a short set tonight at The Hotel Indigo West End at 9! Would love to see some of you there!
I love all my followers(:
"I don't live with my mama, I'm just house sitting n her basement." THE CHRONICLES OF POOKIE OBAMA (every family has one)
I'm not demanding but #Ijs I got some meat on me, you need some muscle on you! When I throw it back you need to catch it not fall
Wife has declared she will punch the next person who correctly pronounces "Bon Iver" in conversation.Want to take her to a party in Brooklyn
is looking forward to truckin' Kosher on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
About to pay the cabbie with credit
How is the beautiful doing?
Its so annoying that this happened. Everyone was so pumped :(
Thanks for sharing the article by !
Race day only... RT : Do they set off that bomb/wake up device every morning at IMS or just race day?
- Thinking bout how dis summer gone go !!!!
Thanks for the heads up! I'll put it in our calendar though I can't guarantee coverage. Good luck with it all.
who won?
Hey that was me textin you from his phone.
Tryin out the new facebook fan page upgrade. New album and shows coming soon...
Thanks Courtney :) Glad ya think so!
Knock knock...
Agreed. But, how has your routine changed over the last 6-12mos? I feel like I am constantly testing new socnets.
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school. Gonna miss my students. Sad to see seniors leave.
Held a baby by it's feet today. Asked his mom if that's how you do it? I guess not.
Congrats for winning the Iowa 250 and getting second career victory
Steve Jobs core philosophy: simplify everything
all my life I prayed for someone like you <3
So long #c4l12 the free Seattle Airport wifi is softening the blow of saying good bye!
yall can tell when I'm going thru music emails because I be going off about who sounds like what and when this then that in music
thanks for the follow back!
#thoughtsduringschool Chris drew is such a cool guy, ew my ex, that teacher looks fat today, and another ex who hates me, GET ME OUT
WE HAVE REPORTS THAT THE #SYMBOL OF THE R.O.C is a Satanic Organization. ITS A
Yesterday, grandpa asked if Al Gore was dead and if Charlton Heston was still alive.
I'm up and thirsty I want ice water
Yeah buddy!
WATCH News tomorrow morning at 8:30 for an update on the Rock Church SUPERHERO Food Drive.
follow back
Getting 2 shots in the face isn't fun. #ow 😢
oh yeah I saw!! Congrats! Hahaha(:
Packers win baby!!
thanks for the follow. Check out our tunes! W.youtube .com/atlonglastbandokc some of our opens for Greyson on there too!
all the wonderful stuff is about you, you should know that by now. Can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
Happy 4th from Adara! Hope your body's beach ready!
I can't sleep at all!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A protective order is available if the family member or date is violent or threatening violence.
i gotta pet thaa kitty ' before i get ready for work! she just keeps purring! ツ
It's so early but I'm so tired😁.
nah you hate me, it's cool, I understand :p
Thanks!! Love the souvenir!! I will see you, your #venti and later!!
I wanna wear a dress tomorrow but im afraid people will think i've been abused
be ready cos you know how I do!!! When you coming?
I see what this nigga mean
I'm gonna need you to dye my hair soon... These grays are killing me :/
Thank you for the RT, too!
Good morning. Another day beginning. It still hurts but i guess wat don't kill u makes u stronger. Plannin another trip
Laine looks to Nashville after 'Idol' - Chicago Tribune
such a phenomenal episode brilliant brilliant season finale
Good Morning!:)
#acqhack check out and article in - interest graph targeting
me too
we miss you to!
and I think he has a creepy face
Join Lludmila at the Pub to discuss Tom Franklin's Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter, 11 am today. There's an evening discussion Tues at 5pm.
Feels good to be a Duck when you have the best coach in college football #goducks thank you Chip! its not the real chp butfucit.
I don't like him, but I do respect his work ethic.
I assure you I have no idea what you're talking about.
"Children's #books are written for upbringing, upbringing decides the fate of the human being." - Vissarion Grigor'evich Belinskii
": yea ight" play me in 2k.so I can beat u.
. Try North Station (Greatest Bar) or Faneuil Hall, should be people watching Celtics. North End & Newbury St.R good for dinner
I miss my friend today!!!!! She's the best:)!
": Matt kemp Chris brown Darren McFadden & his gf.." N imma add jay-z off a hunch thats 5... not enough to b a hoe
Thanks so much for following! :) A world traveler and foodie? I think I'll be checking your tweets regularly!!
& your opinion on constitution trumps SC? That's exactly y ppl have no faith in Govt.
shit i forgot how hot it can be on 40 smh please lil cloud make it over the hot sun so i can have a cooler day <3
Im bout to take a bite of your sandwich sugababy >:)
I'll bring all the strippers and the boose to you! (; haha
there are some very interesting people in this world
I love Cee Lo and his wigs
it's all good my bad for liking it haa
I always try to see things from anothers point of view so their actions wont piss me off as much.
Everybody Got The Album huh That's What Up Right Now Im Gone Get That Bitch 2 I Got U Baby!!!!!.Fa'Shoooooooooooooo
“ Man , Im Proud Of How The Lakers Playinn Tonight . #LakersNation .”
very interesting program. Sounds fun.
“: "I see you mamii"” shaking that thang 😉
MT : How about this one? "Both Barrels" by Lem Winchester (1960). >A swingin' date, but sad, ironic title given how Lem died.
: RT "..10 pm tnight. Want to eat @ a bar, or have sushi."
These animal crackers are bullshit, this elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
yea where the Hell was that all season?
Haha incredibly small sample size, just giving you a hard time. The season is young!
So how does this sticker upgrade thing really work? When does that X bucket get released? Tell me your secrets...
Oh how sweet! This seriously was a random thing I started, and I am so overwhelmed by the interest!
Why can't people just be friendly with one another?
and if you've snuck into her apartment or not.
yes, yes it is!
and that will be a porn stars name
not had a good day :( how was yours?
Ancient lovers believed that a kiss would unite their souls because the spirit was said to carried on one's breath.
Listen to a mix from a past Soulful Thursday and join us tonight! Soulful Thursday 11.3.11
“If ya'll can't already see I ain't worried about ya'll cause I'm already me”
I've been trying to get on the show to talk about collaborating with Ray Lewis. Can anyone help me here?
I did what now?
omg, nick. are you TWEETING while driving, too? we need to have an
July 2nd. Please hurry and get hurrr :)
My facorite day of the year.
IOWA VOTE RON PAUL!
we tweeted a list of locations this a.m., but yes, I agree.
Am representing my protester tomorrow. Trying to get into the cops' personnel files.
I'll be there next Friday yes.
I'm ashamed of what I did for a Klondike bar last night.
when you're in class and all you can think about is what would happen if Austin walked through the door.
yep I am here
retweet if your in a relationship that he/she is the only one keeping you alive. that you would kill for having every second with them.
I laugh every time I read this.
what up
I saw it! Unless I'm hallucinating. 😉 Tell me if you see this tweet. ❤💙💛💜💚
music videos
hey i just met you.. and this is crazy.. but heres my number, so call me maybe?
Predicting it will! Happy Birthday, Bora, thanks for bringing about so much high-quality life-enhancing science blogging
Reggie loses his Heisman...aims for a second Superbowl Ring. They really need to re-evaluate some people that still have theirs.
Man no lie, i consider myself a really good friend...I always go outta my way & do the best I can for them.
Looking for a full time account manager position in Chicago..... :)
I was thinking about it
Today's NY Times crossword had me scared silly at first, but I got over it by getting under it.
"Dwightmare?" Fine. I'm open to any scandal name that doesn't have "gate" in it. I also celebrate "Scandal's" entire collection.
Wow, grow up.
Laundromat...surprisingly active at 4 AM.
Love that doc.!!
hm if thats what u want (;
Loving Jeff Hamilton's drumming at this very early hour. Oh, and a skinny vanilla latte. Good morning.
lolol she not going to let no rock cry out in her place
RT : Sequences matter when persuading people to implement major behavior changes
Oi! Austin! I'm still here... and I'm playing another show at the Tiniest Bar in Texas tonight at 11:45 pm. 817 W. 5th st. free show!
OMG, the DH & I are gorging on Chinese food by candlelight (tho power is back on), & Lily Marie giggles over PB&J! don't tell the PRC on us
Who has PhotoShop CS5? Yeah, that would be me. Thank you, Roger! <3
7 exams left for this school year.
I was in my early twenties myself so there's nothing wrong with waiting.
Ans: 29 Japanese planes were shot down by American forces during the 1941 attack on
If your life were a movie - you were the director and the star Text You of the day: " I would be a __________ instead"
Changed your mind on an Instagram account? Nothing there :-/
(John Ruskin) The highest reward for a person’s toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
tbh i got just a few (: xx
Hopefully I will dream good tonight:)
Nash's defense was also far from stellar. I'll take the player who dominated both sides of the ball.
You see this scar here on my chest...
Just found out that my #Swiffer cowgirl costume has been nominated for a guild award!! Yeehaw!
30-packs of Bud, Coors, or Miller only $19.99! Or Bud, Coors, AND Miller...you might as well offer a variety. $19.99 a 30 pack!
I have some done, but I haven't typed them out. I will later so its fresh in my mind.
Looking at your phone every five seconds waiting for that text that's never gonna come in..
the one to the left
Wednesday night rendezvous with my betches
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU! SHE OPENED FOR CODY IN NOV 2011!
lol if that's what Denzel is, then hell yea!!
<<< Go so hard that my heart skip a beat THAT'S SOME REAL SHIT HMMP!
LOL! CP3 can drop 25 a night too but hes more of a floor general. He turns it on in the 4th. Its like 1 and 1a honestly
Deeply saddened to hear former Senator Carlos F. Truan has passed. He was trailblazer, fighter for most vulnerable, true gentleman.
No! Dont come here
It looks like it was made WITH Hands. Skin from hands. Super ugly.
Just booked a role in a feature! woot Woot! Shooting tomorrow!! must go to sleep now!
Check out the Pure Sports website. Coming soon: Pure Sports promotional video and updated programs. www.puresportsgroup.com
Nobody makes receding hairlines of NBA players look less receding than NBA Cares commercials.
Mirage jones!?
Yupp I'm ready to get out of Avon :D
The Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival may be over, but we still have wonderful vendors with delicious items here
This is the first Saturday in 7 weeks that I'm not going to Rage. We need a weekend off to forget that scene, and then next weekend, BOOM!
the guy wastes no time.
turn your phone on silent sleeping beauty ;)) or if it's someone in person, that's a different story lol
And... who lives in the DC area that wants to come to a Trivium Proportion book release party!?
Does anyone know people who live in Long Beach ? :D
oh nice!
just watched vampire diaries and sobbed like a baby. that show always makes me cry... i'm glad alaric isn't gone! but holy smokes look out!
We'll get it done! See you soon!
Happy Friday! Open up at 4 PM and we'll be open full time from here on out! SMILE BIG!
Came down stairs and saw some dark muffins on the stove, mind went straight to high fiber knowing my mom but NOPE THEY CHOCOLATE
haha will do bro. Not lookin forward to this shot.
We want this Carnival to happen. I have been talking with the Mayor about how we can make it happen.
Hopefully she one day there will be a definite cure for cancer. I lost family members to breast cancer. God give those survivers strength.
love the gallery. I feel the kitty love :)
No Mom, It doesnt matter whether I go to bed @ 9:00 pm Or 2:00 am When I wake up for school early tomorrow morning I'll be tired either way
That is great - congrats!
Overheard conversation on walk in River North: Guy, "Wanna go to Hooter's?" Girl, " Ewww, no, eww gross." That's all I heard.
Lol of course ! :)
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
I want to try the Turtle Club. Have heard good things.
hahah we flock together! as well as the #ECHO, #iShouldGo, and #ThisWomanswork . :)
her happy word is sprinkles lls.
Awesome, the Nuggets are right back in it!
Weve won the last the Fridays :) we are now the Wingos RT : I gotta get out there! How u all do?
i have no clue we didnt come to play #Smh 😔
We are answering questions now from last week's twitter chat. Thanks to everyone who participated
I'm sore 😭 I won't be able to dance today 😭 no voy a poder mover el boteee 😂
GO FOLLOW HELP HER REACH HER GOAL 120K!!!!
Join us tonight for Jim Ivins Band Cd Release w/The Sky, Juniper Green, Billy The Kid & The Southside Boys Music starts at 7:30 $12.00
"It Had to Be You" the popular 1924 American Songbook song performed here by Betty Hutton. bit.ly/zp4xLk fb.me/1zcGyDTKf
What you don't need is just as important as what you do need. (Romare Bearden) We need Aljira in Newark
CHECK THIS OUT ZSWAGGERS MY BACKGROUND IS THE BOMB!!
Twitter.Tumblr.Facebook.Youtube.Keek. = MY.LIFE.
ur latest youtube is hilarious lolololol!!!
I'm fucking loving the refs right now lol
Thanks, Ryan! RT : Happy Birthday !
My favorite part about having an 11/16 birthday is knowing that Valentine's Day & my Dad's birthday, 2/15, are exactly 9 months earlier.
Cold air good for the ol lungs. Hot yoga tomorrow!
I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up... Saw and hear everything!!!!!
Need to get help early and often. Asking for help isn't bad and needs to occur for ensure success.
the adidas store was playing a new song of yours...lighter than air?
My friends should be concerned when I'm listening to Spanish sad songs. Shit just got real.
<will do
I just farted ;) don't tell anyone
yea that woulda been nice. Maybe a 2hr show on a diff channel cuz it seems like every show is a "reality drama" on discover
I love me some right bout now...
i remember that day
Exhibit 2 RT : ward your a nigger and should not be playing hockey! fucking queer
*church hand wave* Yassss
Thought only black people had problems shid white.people.sun serious
“ “ I think its pretty much impossible, to forget someone who was once the only reason you smiled.””
Finally, stopped by Dunkin Donuts for a special Mother's Day breakfast. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
nono, thank you!
The new SSL certificate is now installed. That took way too long. Our apologies.
Well, I got the spelling corrected on the page, thank you, but can't change the webaddress, but that is ok, I guess.
Thanks, Cortney! :D
holy crap that's awesome!
The panel ladies should not have worn makeup at this conference. Lights + big screen...looks like they fried bacon on their faces.
Just Ate Taco Bell (:
Clothing manufacturers. County assessors. Coroners. Let me just say that in perusing the records for historical interest, coroners win.
So much to do btwn today and Sunday FUCK
Nothing can work me damage except myself. -St. Bernard
Hey Jacob!!
Fact: Only 3 percent of mammals form pair bonds.
gumbys pepperoni rolls and pizza fries.... holy wow... just like i remember..so fuckn good... the best
Watching TV till I fall asleep... #Goodnight Twitter World.
He tried to force it..
I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) ✈ (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btw S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) w/ 21 others
Please Follow Me! That's All I Think About Everyday And Everynight!<3 Please!
I have to be up in 2 hours to go home and study for a final that's at 10. Procrastination may win this one! :/
. Awesome! If you ever need any assistance let us know here, at or give us a call.
Michael Ian Black the comic responded to my tweet, I know you will too!!!
sounds like it's going to be an early night.
that's why u up
The Tipping Point. Kind of embarrassed because I should have read it by now.
yes! New relationships kill my productivity. I just wanna giggle all day.
Two days left for your state inspection! Check the date 2/12.
R u serious what low life got his phone jus ignorant makin Memphis look bad
wings fan here..I always boo'd Fedorov..did lots for us but money chaser like Jagr..hate the Pens but I get yall
whittled down my approach to animating these pseudo-emotion-ontologies: one of these super cool js libraries is bound to work
I gotsa go to sleep. I have to take my son to school in the morning. ttyl : )
that's tough, because I rarely feel guilty about my film pleasures. While You Were Sleeping is one i'll watch in its entirety...
: " definitely looking forward to spotting the big hairy guy" — I see you've met my mother-in-law ;-)
best of luck Blake
Source: Tim Tebow's rib was injured after God took it out to make a woman.
thanks again
I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE THAT FOLLOW!!!! ON YOUR MARK GET SET GO
hey boy! i havent talked to you in forever.
I never get tired of Eurotrip.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!~~
I slept on my shoulder wrong. Good going Jasmine.
haha just left. Attended many marketing sessions. OMW back to Chicago now. Thx for the hospitality.
Really need the Knicks to pull this win off tonight ......
Meet the winner of our Expert Gardening contest - Vancouver Sun (blog)
I'm glad I could count on you, Sam!
RT : Lovemaking is one of the best ideas Satan put in the apple he gave Eve. Best idea in that apple, though, is making jazz.
GO RACHEL.
leslieR: Power flicker in MSY. Sire hope I get home today. #sla2010. Big storm has knocked out tv satelite
you're an awsome little guy! best wishes!
: Well thank you :D
good morning to you too !
as always thanx for RT Aris! Hope you had a wonderful Easter! Blessins!
clever...but what kind of fish would you have?
no worries! Just thought I'd ask :)
your feet aren't squared enuf and u need to put more arc on the ball-- Fellow sg
Come check out the Party Bus at the KJ103 Jingle Jam, which will be headed to Club Albee after the concert!
i'm a little drunk on you & high on summertimee.
Hello...follow three great up and coming artist. Thanks!
Thanks David! That is so kind. xx
Thanks buddy!
Bibi likes this. :)
Hi Rob - How are things?
u wanna know what i remember?! asking u to stop tweeting depressing shxt abt us! y i gotta wake up every fckn morning seeing shxt like that?
no i real bad cramps and i'm in school this is some bullshit
bahh. my netflix is acting all jank. i just want to watch this shitty film. jeez.
Went to church now to work ! Have a Blessed day I WILL ! ;-)
Count of Monte Cristo one of my true favorites. Which movie version?
START YOUR ENGINES!!!! BOOGITY BOOGITY BOOGITY!!!! LETS GO RACING BOYS!! :-)
Talk to me when you hit 4 digits
mixing the green hornet and the purple kush for some afternoon delight
Ahem. Good morning. Coffee, please.
Roses and dropmore scarlet honeysuckle have been weeded and pruned, and my blue clematis vine is NOT dead! Gonna be gorgeous this spring!
i'm at a payphone trying to call home. all of my change I spent on you
I'm functioning pretty well. Today's pedi may knock me out though!
oh haven't heard that one before
Try keeping a food journal! Write down what you eat and how you felt afterward. You'll think more about what you eat and reduce overeating.
How about his singing?
now that I crossed the 28 barrier, where do I sign up and when do WE start!
Does anyone have suggestions for casting workshops or actors workshops? Please let me know!
I've seen the error 4 times in the past 24ish hours, and I haven't even been online that much. "Sid Viscous" is funny and all...
Can't do mornings without my Double Espresso :-)
ABP is a great place to work!
Ted Lilly, you are amazing...but what else is new?
teleporting would be so useful! I totally agree.
#LiteraryEvent 4/30 7p at Cedar Hills: Author #reading “Red, White & Blood” #vampire #thriller (free)
Mom and dad tried to world.
I think, her hair is the BEST HAIR IN THE WORLD! BLOND BEAUTIFUL HAIR! She's estroverted and so pretty!
I better see #OOMF at the party tomorrow lol
See all of you who RSVP'd tonight with the Lawyers Project for an exclusive Glenfiddich Tasting benefiting VFC! Can't wait!
“It’s The Umbrellas…” What makes Casa de Pico unique and the best mexican restaurant in La Mesa...www.casadepicoblog.com
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
29% of americans consider themselves not aligned with any particular political party.
players feel "betrayed"? Have you read their twitter feeds? Overwhelmingly positive. Does fact checking no longer apply?
Make sure you have insurance for all your summer toys! Give us a call at 317-558-7500 to speak to an agent today.
Congrats DATA finalists!
i have a reason
Thanks! I am too :)
I assume not
Can't control myself
New data.gov will expose data (not just metadata): tables, live filters, data visualizations, dynamic serialization, apis
We have a new location in the works for next year, still a secret until it is finalized! We are excited about it.
Not going to sleep tonight.. Ah.
Thanks bunchies dude! :)
Is it a sign of the apocalypse?
I Love This Chick to Death Shes Amazing Gorqeous Beautiful Pretty Sexy & Funny <3 i Love Yhu Mama's Yhur Amazing <3
time off .... aaaahhhhhhhhh
#RIPBoyBelieberJamie my thoughts go to his family & friends.
yes he is, my case getting dismissed 2day!!!!!
That's cuz all followers of darkbutt are... RT : Lmao yall just assume that I'm in interracial relationships.
WHERE YOU BEEN AT?
BatteryPower has had one of its best ever weeks! Thanks to all those who have helped spread the word!
Thankful for another day! also like to give a shout to my man for his team making the regional final. 1 more to Rupp!
Twitter is typically a solid barometer...but I still can't get a good read on Eli's performance on SNL. Some say awful, others say he shined
I bet you are wrong...again.
Happy St. Patty's day!! Def wearing my green for the shows today. See you
Scott Dineen, Optical Society of America next up #nfais #erodingsubmodel. Optics more than just "seeing"
Local news has hit a wall—perhaps they can look to the Eskimos (Inuits) who have many ways to describe the snow experience.
we all love you because all u need is love.
RT : catch 22 for startups, cant get an investor without a patent but dont have the resources and capital to file it yet
Yass!!!!! RT : Let music be the medicine and dance be the cure!
mint chocolate chip ice cream...
Ready for the match this Sunday. Glory Glory Man United!!!!
I made svele & vafler for my women-in-business group tonight. Fun! Tasty, too! ;)
“ Two stores carrying my jewelry because of the event -- can't ask for more!”
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself. -Muhammed Ali
yeah man!
I'm from Willoughby, OH!
europe for the night
Thanks so much for the follow, we really appreciate it! Have a good one!
This is a cool and convenient RFID Facebook implementation!
Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Comcast - Seeking Alpha
Dont ever compare yourself to Jordan again you playoff throwing fuck.
thank you! We're doing safe and sound this week. :)
#NowFollowing at the behest (what a great word!) of
Anyone in the Chicago area have recommendations for shows? We're looking for something fun, like Teatro ZinZanni ()
aww dang it!
its like Joe Biden talking about politics...they really have no idea what they are talking about.
He got it from his daddy. (Passover involves blood and several other nasty plagues).
Last Camel is one of my favorite Amelia books, but might need too much backstory for new readers?
riding to work on a llama would be sweet.
AP) -- Son: Gospel singer Marvin Winans to give NJ eulogy for pop star Whitney Houston
I dont want to take that class anymore, just not going this morning!
thank you! one of our favorites!
I love you. <3
I'd rather have 100 people fear me than 100 people love me
We should know in the next few minutes if #Huguely jury is close to reaching a verdict.
May is tornado month. That also works in financial markets, too.
Good Morning! An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James Whistler
National Taco Day and National Vodka Day
beach weekend was cold, windy and rainy, but it was great to get outta the district :-) how was NYC?
I could fall asleep in those eyes like a waterbed.
Love meAn a lot When u really got feelings...#Jus thinking
Just because you can match your clothes with your shoes that doesn't mean you have SWAGG!!!!
hey I'm stuck at work...they don't have a webcam here...may have to reschedule but may be able to get to one by 530 5/45
especially after 2 hours in the gym.
sri project
watching 'money from strangers' for the first time. hilarious.
you fuckin’ poser. I liked , back in the day, before he was even Mr. Larry Johnson. Ain’t so funny meow, is it?
": God is perfect & he made time. So His timing is perfect. Wait on Him."
I'm sure the MSU fans will come to hassel us :)
Today is Friday 13 and I feel lucky.
it is, but all this stuff is starting to run together. Need to take a break.
yooo. Back in the cellphone game yet?
"Say it ain't so, Joe", sound familiar? Fox had to go to break there so Joe Buck could apply some lip gloss for Favre.
sexy + husky= susky
will you be able to make it to #RAWconf this year? hope so!
Enjoy #iabc11! I look fwd to tweetstream + Nicole's report. She's emailing Seattle attendees w/ meetup plan :)
Zuma...I see you
Almost just lost my ipod to the sewer people >.<
For now I'm going to take something I dread taking....a nap! Ugh
We've got & more coming up! Check our website for full calendar.
Hubby & I are completely #TeamFaber & congrats u on your fighter, Andy, on his win tonite! Making it 5-3 now BABY!
omg so 'cited!!! Tell tell tell but in msg because you dnt want everyone to know!!!
I like the sound of that :)
"It's a nice day for a white wedding..."
Great company focused on customer needs.
Friends can easy make a fun night turn to shit!
If you like beer and food trucks and live music and sunshine and friendship, then head to
DM me your number
Having fun at the pool:)
Running into old friends in the store , love it
that's looking sharp. Got the tour of the endangered wild sanc mon @ 11 leaving at 10 if you want to roll
Thinking bout herr like crazy now
The game is afoot
Back at Kings Cross now, new concourse is fab. Lots of interest at the #platform9&3/4 point
Congrats on your gig at - LOVE the writer - excited to see it!
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA! WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM! CONTACT FOR DETAILS !
Aren't you lucky?! :P
its okay I guess I thought you fotgot bout me lol(:
Excellent, thank you! Hopefully I will be able to attend :D Thanks for putting this together!
Even if I started as a graphic designer & walked into SEO/SEM as a need to market my sites. I like both the design & online marketing fields
you think he deserved it? I don't even think he's the most valuable player on his team
so are we ridding to chipotle for some free grub or what
shut up!! Your beautiful!!
Lol..I don't watch Faux, it causes high blood pressure. Someone on FB upset BO hasn't done enough for women.
~soul mate~ (fairy dust, chimes & harp playing)
I need him :)
Dear twitterverse: What's the best place to hear 90s hip hop on a Friday night in NYC?
hey feeling better?
Ready for 13th street!
Training! And done! Saturday boot camp! Was killer. Huge leg focus! Awesome way to start my day!! Make it great!
Did i miss an email or snail mail from AT&T Uverse? Where's Exercise TV? Or am i just late to the party?
hey new friend, love your city, Miami!
He needs a new Twitter handle either or or
It is a beautiful BC Day holiday here and I am enjoying a great day with my wife. Did a few hours of day trading this morning.
We’re glad to hear you enjoy them! Which bar were you snacking on? RT: Sunbelt ganola bars >>
Book A Star for your Holiday Event! *Last Minute Booking Specials* to place an offer or request price list
I have plans for this cardboard cutout of the boss. Soon some 5am trip to the john is going to be memorable.
"All these decisions that I haven't decided are just mistakes that I haven't made"
“Romeo & Juliette are together in eternity; we could be like they are, baby take my hand.. Don’t fear the reaper.”
Good luck on your anatomy exam!! :) beast it! And (I think you have it to) lol
S/o to my Lil friend she walking across the stage tonight
We love fruity flavors too! You won a VIP keychain, email us your address at . Thx for participating!
lol I hope that's a spray tan tho
RT a secret your boss won't EVER tell you... you will NEVER become wealthy working for him !
We have been getting swamped with emails regarding fan reps for ....people all over the world are sending in requests ....
same. Who's your new husband this month? LOLOL justkiddinghhhgg xD
Life just got a little stressful...I just need to breathe and remember that I always seem to land on my feet.
possibility. if it was a pink color family striped hat with a pom pom on top than yes it was me!
its always a party when and I are working
They say say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Please mention more about the GI Bill and Higher Education Mr. President!
: you were great on Today Show! Your book sounds good - so does the real red book!
And thus ends a 4.5 yr, 10,000 record retrospective conversion project. Now to find new projects to keep me busy/useful!
U "K" me ill never talk to u again untill u learn the rest of ur ABC'S.
Just took down the tree and decorations. The clean up process takes much less time than the assembly time.
meet got canceled cause of the rain!
Amazing World Series!
not many people in this planet understand.
Reviewing intern applications. One of them was born the year before I got my BA. He will get his next year. *quietly weeps*
I am sure I would run into Ink again at other events. ^_^ It was a nice day.
did he have any thoughts Internet products based largely on user-created content?
just a town hall type meeting. We want the local community to determine what the event on 4/28 & 29 looks like.
: Thanks for the shoutout! :)
having fun wiff my group memeberkaykay
trying to get a pic of the twins 2ghr, they won't stop moving!!
Sorry all. This was not meant for distribution. I used the wrong Send box - and, yes, what an idiot move that was. I apologize.
Bad analogy. Birds and all other airlines are the only inhabitants of Earth w a better flight plan.
This would be the #bestnightever! #tweetsfreed! RT : I need a bottle of wine, comfy pants and a furry baby animal
i do love yu and i can say the same for you! and work together? is that goin good?
i want to see these shoes!!!!!!
We're driving your vespa out RT Off to the hamptons with are you in or out?
Does REALLY believ hi gas prices caused recession? Or does he just think he can say ridic things and it won't leave that room?
We'd love it if you could write about #SpeakUpforKids and about promoting awareness.
Nothing says #SXSW like two "friends" starting a hairy, shirtless fight club in the street. I guess.
C'MON MEMPHIS DONT BLOW IT AGAIN!
well then I commend you on a job well done
Oh NO! But me too.....RT : Learned today I might not be able to attend
i need an accomplice
to everyone that i follow an that follow me im sorry my page got hacked an sent you all an email im sorry but it wasn't me. I fixed it.
Chillin at home. Watching Fast Five :-)
I have a good feeling You could make this poem ROCK!! Worth a try, the emails are our agreement; you do the rest IF You like
Just watched HOT FUZZ again on Comedy Central. So damn funny. I laugh every time I watch. Genius!
Jerk chicken buritto
Preds FB Adrian Haughton fumbles near the goaline, Tampa Bay Storm recover for a touchdown. Storm lead 55-17 with 10:04 left in the game.
Act like a lady & get treated as such, simple.
what ever happened to forgiveness?! Get over it and move on.... #drama!
that is so gross!!!
Too many shots of brown. I def said too much.
Looking forward to my upcoming show at Kilkennys, it's been a minute since I've performed there. April 19th, 2012.
Unfortunately, I think it's time. 1st round 3 years in a row? This team is better than that.
In reflection, Pancake Day was a success.
cuz it juss is maybe it is maybe its not but i perfer to fight rather than have erthing i want it creates a bonding method 2
M Miso Soup is a perfect way to get over this Monday ....
RT : I hate when someone become the person they said they would never become"
I hate wind
Got to be at work :30 am need to stay awake for another 2hrs.. but so tired....
Law and Order reruns. Stop being my crack.
'Take off all the makeup girl, shine your light and show the world' <3
#usffw Just a reminder to those on campus in Fort Wayne, STAY INSIDE due to fumes from the fire at Momper Insulation.
never really have issues...
Wow. So many people are asking for tickets at the station. Just... Whoa.
going to a taste of asbury park $25.00 per person live entertainment and all the food you can taste promo 4 city not worth it something 2 do
I learned the hard way too. then I forgot. what's that called?
A cold has invaded my head. This close to the end of winter and it rears its ugly head.
:/ tell him i hope he feels better. I have had 4 concussions. He will be ok
That's the second time I went to make a short throw comment but forgot how many feet from home to second and cancelled it.
RT : Accident on 77N at Tyvola has left 2 lanes blocked. The merging has made a mess of things.
I'm staying UP ALL NIGHT!!
Dave, the #qcbf is right up your alley.
Scratch that, Friday were finishing up demo's! On another note, disregard the last status, our guitarist Adam is a piece of shit <3 - Kyle
Kaitlyn had one piece of pizza I had 3
Well well I see you've moved over to the dark side, Joel.
Looking for pool cleaning or building? Crystal Clear pools can help
Congrats - the new asst. coach for Yale Womens Crew!!!!
yay ill c you there. :D im honestly going cuz of we came as romans,attack attack, well pretty much all of them sadly in ...
Amish farm kids remarkably immune to allergies: study – Yahoo ...
sorry for not logging on lol i was crazy busy doing hw -____-
will have #CRPT Sarasota training pics up soon. Camera has been busy and needs a download.
What happens if you look at the Endermen through glass?
She asked me if it was real wood. I told her it was. She also liked the color of it. I thanked her for noticing.
HOLY SHIT. WHAT IF CHRIS EVANS AND NIALL HAD A BABY. OH MY GOD. MY OVARIES.
At the hospital with mom...... Gonna be here for a while! :(
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones ~Theodore Roosevelt
#NHL Congrats to Winnipeg!! Jets should have never moved in 1st place. Maybe Quebec will get the Coyotes next year.
Thanks Chris! Do you mean unique header images for each page, for example? If so, I know a good way to handle that.
Nah bro stay with the lowtops.
And old: Median age of Academy voters: 62;Voters younger than 50: 14% says LA Times.
Do you sound like Jack Black, or does Jack Black sound like you?
To whom much is given much is required!
samurai!!!!!!!!chop. Thankyou.
should be on any channel they have games on. Its just that simple
RT I don't care how angry I am, if I get married I will never fight while my kids are in the house
Oh Legacy Trail how I've missed you!
These trees are majestic. Hundreds of years old--good news is that I feel so young!
Now if that was the end of an era, can next year's #WrestleMania spotlight actual full-time wrestlers?
Early to bed, early to rise. 5 AM wake-up call & a full day of cycling, wheelchair b-ball, & sitting volleyball.
Encouraging creation in the library. Duh.
First show of the year tonight at The Paseo Underground! Who's going to be there!? 18/$10, 21+/$5 Doors at 9!
what a fantastic entrance by ! They're the only people actually talking to the crowd. #StartupBus at
Did you know: live.com is the 11th most popular website in US, go.com is the 13th, Bing is the 14th. According to Alexa.com.
I know, right?! Craziness..
what job missy
RT thanks so much :) : Love 's new song!<3
Tom Yum coated peanuts are my new favorite. If you were nearby, I would share them with you...
Don't forget about our beer and chocolate tasting on feb 11th.... We've still got a cpl spots left if u wanna RSVP!
I'll admit I was tearing up in my eyes from reading the thing about iCarlys final episode. T.T
Heh, that's my ritzy name for me being an utter sloth.
Huh I grew up in Columbus Ohio dingy. Job is down here
...pregnant with Vaughn's baby. Again. (At least that's where I thought Wither was going.)
Ive shaken s hand. I seriously beg to differ
please follow , you have no idea how happy she would be. She would cry, jump around, & even dance lol.
Any idea how that compares to the rest of #MLS?
no more panic! everything is taken care of! feelin so
I know the whole block just heard me scream that damn butterfly just tried to land on me.!!! I'm scared of them
Thank you!! I'm sure I'll be texting you along the way :)
Woo! RT : Tonight in LAREDO! at COSMOS... at AGAVE AZUL... (Future Rockstar Boy) at CODIGO
#fatindiebands My Morning Snack-it
that Is so true about you.
Red Dawn is now on Amazon Instant Video. Yeppers.
My chiropractor is evil! LOL! I feel better now though.
She may have that already.
you should come over im cooking.
serious question??
I'm going to be turning 15 in September hbu?
I pick them and put them down, my feet. 3 more miles in the log book. I forgot how sore you can get!
AWESOME SHOT!!
"Children were strapped to the roof of their car outside of the Fort Wayne liquor store" Only in Fort Wayne huh?
LOVE it. New fave. RT Isaiah Pead has some of the best open field skills and, by far, the best twitter name in the draft.
At the Marlins game! Can't wait to introduce tonight!! !!
Think think think that's What I gotta do
Bad City music making sweat shop, going strong real strong
I love
‎"What makes humans human is precisely that they do not know the future." via David Shields
So massive hyperbole fail on my part. And yet my joy is not diminished in the slightest.
get them verses done son! Lmao!
A wise man once said " nothing is more important than your Health, without your health you have nothing"
how big you gaugin bro?
Mountain Winery Wednesday! This week's ticket steal is The Black Crowes - listen up =]
Ass fucking wishes it could be as gay as you.
Happy #CabernetDay #wine friends!
ICED COFFEE!!! Nomzzzz!!!
you pointed to your back pocket didn't you?
First class of the semester in 15 minutes!
Would Reimold have gotten that?
Looks like Skynet is back up...
= BEST BOYFRIEND I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE
Getting in the car now. My mouth is already watering for the corned beef at 's St Patty's Day feast...
Patrick McGuinness, The Last Hundred Days. #FridayReads. A great novel from
take a walk on the wild side.
Mitt Romney may be rich with money and possessions but he's morally bankrupt and has no courage or sense of honor.
thats why you get on a computer. duh
Happy Holidays & Blessings to Everyone! YOU are the light of hope, joy & inspiration, don't be afraid to let it SHINE. We are love, we r one
i can't believe that tomorrow is already monday 0.0 R.I.P Dio you surely will be missed :'(
It's true what they say: money can't buy you happiness. For that, you'll need clams.
so that black girl with red in her hair looks like the girl from tje movie 'the girl with the dragon tattoo.'
working man...
Great to see on MSNBC! and I miss you!
#thebachelorette has guys w/the most RANDOM professions.Marine biologist? Mushroom farmer? Field energy advisor? & why is 1 carrying an egg?
Do it now. You become successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
Just treat me like every other guy does. It's cool I guess. Not like I thought you'd be different or anything....
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay are the actions i did so i didnt have to explain what i could do for you
We have to change that fact!
yeah I swore after the half that I felt worse than after running a full marathon! Kudos again.
i bet tomarrow daytona 500 will be very ugly mess ending that would be everywhere with a car flip over and car on fire that how daytona roll
like it!!
What's up wit these weak ass trends? 😒😒😒
// I just drooled a little over that flat. Also, this may be my new favorite blog go-to.
You kill my disappointments and u heal my pain
Good Morning New Jersey! You've got one thrilled #NJDevils fan down here in Baltimore!! Let's keep it rolling
George Kottaras, I love you.
today im going to see bad teacher !!! :]
That feel when you sleep in a freshly washed and dried, warm bed.
Enjoying the rockin' camerawork of on youtube We Were Promised Jetpacks = Awesome!
Iraq War
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding
That's awesome! Doesn't it feel so good?!! You got this next 75lbs! Keep up the AMAZING work you've been doing!
P, Civitas/National Research Inc and one Rasmussen poll cc
Ohhhweee just got stuck in this insane rainstorm 6 blocks from the pad.
And what is proper? Should iPad go to mobile or desktop?
Next time somebody say they love & wanna be with,jus say ok let me have ya Twitter and Fb passcode ..
okay sir.
Everyone leave me the fuck alone today
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Seth "Mayhem" Mitchell signing autographs and taking pic's w/ fellow MSU alum 's
Midnight Reminder to : No Diablo I till the #uschesschamps are over
WHAT THE FUCK DID AL JUST DO???
MadRespect# for you prolly one of the 10ppl in this world who got courage and kno how to take it to the next level
Im just not gonna fuck you cause the pussy is there i need you too fein
Everyone deserves to be with somebody that makes you happy. Someone who will always be there for you.
Me too!! Hahaha I'm like, Wow. I was effed when I was dating but not that much!
fuck up what?
If you have your ish together, the whole tax thing isn't that hard...problem is i'm trying to get my stuff in order....
Just landed in Boston, stuck on thr taxiway no gate to go to
Listening presentation of sea.me - live aggregator of comments. Looks cool, but seems a bit confusing.
#ThingsPeopleShouldntDo make excuses for their stupid lies, so their lies can sound oh so legitimate. i heard karma's a bitch, so get ready
Twitter ain't ready for my drunk tweets. Oh well here goes nothing
RT IF YOU THINK ALEX'S SMILE IS ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE!!! ;);)
Worst-case scenario for the Cats! Wow!!!
When you spend all day with him 
Woo! Getting closer to summer every day! Have a great weekend, Stephen!
thanks for following me
great #easter with the fambam! gotta love quality
The feeling of failing a test and falling in love appears to be the same.
sure wish having an apple store mgr as my neighbor had better perks. Maybe I should bake her an apple pie...
Ah! Where at? I'm so excited for you!
I call this "Drop the Needle". To play go to iTunes. Search The Frogs and preview any song. Sit back and enjoy
We changed our page picture in honor of our Ghost Walk tomorrow. Dr. Helene Knabe MD at the Chilling Chatham Lockerbie Ghost Walk!
Also, your psychic abilities are diminished with alcohol.
We're looking forward to seeing you all!
i think I'm gonna do my prom makeup myself. this girl made me look like a clown -.-
the Light Table IDE looks really cool. I haven't written code for at least 4 yrs, but I can see how that would be great to have.
That article I just RTed is great, but with poor fact checking. Ballard is not 1/2 hour from downtown. Unless, maybe, the bridge is up.
I have a reay cool idea. You should hold like a Q and A in tiny chat or ustream. U should ask your followers if its cool :]
it's ok I will stand by my team
Follow these great Denver peeps: , , ,
aiting for thunder storms tonight. I love thunder and lightning at night. It reminds me of being a little kid watching from my window.
So awesome to be able to return the blessing on skid row today!
“: Wow, only now do I get an email from gawker about my compromised information. #epicFail” wow.
RT : Even though my tags did expire.. and was doin 50 on base. Lmao <~~ I hate you. Lol
Airport Chilis and an hour delay
Happy Birthday!
Today's secret ingredient is COFFEE!
Especially at work. Makes the day go by easier.
For tasty news, I recommend following: , ,
#YouGottaBeKidding you aint finna break up wit me on my FACEBOOK page by blocking me #REALTALK be a man and di it to my face cuz dats shakky
Integration costs drag down United Continental Holdings | Travel ...
I'd add, know what a linear relationship is and verify before talking as if you found one. Don't ignore heteroskedasticity.
Gonna get shit figured out tonight
RT ... If we could learn quicker, how to love ourselves.
dear head, if you are going to explode please do it now and put me out of this misery. Otherwise stop hurting NOW. thank you
Entrepreneurial Lesson #1: shorten the cycle of learning whether or not your idea will work.
it's no no no for you lol, well i hope you get your ass kicked by shamous take care
hahahahaha I would love to see that
What did the right leg say to the left leg? -Nothing, cuz they never met you whore.
Thus far we have heard from LL Cool J, KISS, heard about Springsteen, Steven Tyler is coming up and Lionel Richie....
Feels like it's been raining in Austin for weeks.
I love this place!!!!
Music flowing through the studio. Good music.
i hate shool
Money is the principle !
Beer and homework
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
What did I do wrong this time. :l
this better be going while im sleeping so i can sleep like a baby for real
Let me know if I can help: what are the boundaries of the district?
...i'm just one of the guys... idk if that's good or bad but ok
Saw a whole lot of cool stuff, but I can't wait for Barely Pink and the spiders from mars
Charlie Sheen is an overnight Twitter Celebrity
Sounds awesome! Keep us posted!
Benjamin Franklin or Justin Bieber!
Your tweet brought folks to The Wrecking Ball screening! Tremendous film, a treat.
I have selective hearing and selective memory.
Damn I jus woke up a few hours ago now ima be up all night!
Cheers to you, Buddy!
I'm
too all these physical appearances I'm writing up ( for reference to my drawings) I have to include their personal style along with how--.
My temper bad I can blow up over something super small
Morning twitter!
A3: Make sure your advice isn't an ad for your services or products
All moved in I love the new house just needs se of my art ;) I love
i didn't realize you could just push people over, kentucky. make up your own rules, whatevs.
jeydon )= ..I love him so much, I wanted so much that he would answer me .. and sorry for your friend: /
Happy #WoofWednesday! Today, we'd like you to reflect on how dogs have positively affected you as a person!
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
POSTING ESBC VI 2013 March 24, 2013 Player Boys and Girls Nominees
I don't want to hear any more about Wikileaks until they have the 11 Secret Herbs and Spices.
Great staff working at Monarch HS this week (CO) includes , , , ,
It's a great day. Officially finished my 3rd year of school, am preparing to move to my first house, and am going on a long trip tomorrow.
Too much light makes the baby go blind. The longest running play in Chicago. It's hard to explain and absolutely wonderful.
When my honey gets back from God knows where, he will have a big, yummy cake waiting for him. (if me and his mom don't eat it first)
"Misery loves company"...but it is "HAPPY" that draws the crowd!
what do u enjoy doing in ur off time?
thanks for your support!
Uhm okay nah , creepy :o
Haha your funny
Cotto putting up a better fight than I thought though, I thought he was a sissy lol
This page is liked to God's Grace MBC and to Rev Les Jackson: I need to get everyone to like Rev Leslie a Jackson.
just tell me when!
Amazing how I can't seem to exist without the Internet. Time to go read a (real) book.
It feels weird to be the only straight guy shopping at forever 21...
is headed to community service!
Bad place
If only we all had our own turtle mascots.
2/5 of us and and are being ridiculous at the hookah cafe.
Romney, GOP shift on vulnerable issues - CNN
We're loving our ExploreMore campervan and as usual finding all of your NZ recommendations super helpful!
Article on golf, the girls and what to do with them. Ladies Only! www.askcindycarpenter.com. Link on my homepage!
He is a lawyer whose wife is a writer and he got fed up of them treating her poorly. He helps us all! Excellent blog!
awww yeah cant wait 2 look sexy as hell 4 my ny peepz this week [fucks up beard trim] NO [rips up plane ticket, hides in cave forever]
"Didn't momma tell you not to love them hoes? But you don't wanna know."
Haha! I know!
thank you beautiful!!!! Very appreciated!! Let your friends know to follow! In giving away items in Dec!! CDs books clothes
GOT MY BOOK SIGNED!!!!!!
Happy Birthday love!
On the phone w/ Mike ..
Did you know 1% of all Google searches are for recipe content?
I really need another iTunes gift card.
Should be hawks ball
why else would he run for office???
Was about to friend a girl I used to know on Facebook but she's wearing a top hat and glasses in all her pictures.
Love the title of the new :-)
I love so much oh my god
That's crazy, it's always something.
Avengers was AMAZING!!! Go see it this weekend!! Just go!! :D!!
daytona broadcast this weekend.. cap hill event with dmc and grandmaster flash next month! snow coming in again tomorrow...
THANKS for the shoutout! let's work together to help the mentally disabled be independant
48 percent of young Americans said they find out about news through Facebook #mobile via Janel Jacobs
Man fuck the white police yall think cause yall have that badge you can kick around a black guy on the ground ...go to hell motherfuckers !
Who up wit me? -Taquwila
Ace. MT : , my student, got a PhD Internship at MSR Boston. Will be joining the group of and
i am on now
You might want to check that Twitter handle - That's not the Crew you think it is.
THE CITY BANGIN TONIGHT
I know - - I was telling to look at vsnap video messaging too
I know you're coming with the worst intentions. Bring the flood
I have a comedy playlist on Pandora and sometimes his stuff will come on, but I don't think I've heard that. I can't wait.
I'm starting to regret that 7 o'clock nap. :P
Damn, the things I would do for a steak right now.....
only for like 4 weeks loser
#1ofmyflaws I'm very insecure about myself...
If you are around MGC3 you should check out the new DWC Info board! Great info about the program and volunteer opportunities!
RT : Next up: BlackBerry 10 preview. Developer prototype devices - looks like mini Playbook - going to all devs here at
Unless by 2 day they mean ship it Monday and it arrives Tuesday. That's all I can hope for at this point.
Set your content free. Create once. Deploy everywhere.
we love you too, and your pranks
