I'm already there. Maybe, given that, I should watch it more often.
Happy 4th of July America!
It's crazy how things AND people just change... wow.
Thanks , , and many others for the incredible #surprise #birthday party!!!! Best birthday yet!! <3 you all!
I love that movie!
Have a fond place in the heart for calculators. First computer I had. Amazing contraptions, especially w/ 84 pt type.
RT : Happy PiEinstein Day! It's both 3/14 (aka 3.14) & Einstein's bday--it would be irrational *not* to eat pie today.
"It's enough to get a smile from Mr. Grumpy Pants..."
hello from Philadelphia! Happy learning!
two midnight game releases in 2 weeks....im starting to think i have a problem
are you at the microbrewfest this year?
Down 3 going into 4th qtr. Lets get this Runners!!!
so m man just told me that I was agressive... I told him I just watched a video of will smith lmao
ABDC was awesome.......and soo is justin bieber
About to hear from about social TV
Well good to see Marcum is picking up where he left off. At least the bases are empty
Right? I almost had a heart attack. I wanted to say that I think he's awesome but I didn't want to bother him :)
#Top exercises that count!: #PUSHUPS, #SQUATS, #LUNGES,
yeah you would be driving me nuts lol
I highly advise you to stay out of it before you get yourself in something you can't get out of
You may also like my other facebook page: Facts Machine. :)
Join as he takes over six taps w Sunshine, Scratch 55 Imp IPA, Scratch 58, Flying Mufflan, Nugget Nectar, and a firkin.
Thanks for the follow.
Snow in NYC , lmfaaooo . gotta say . very interesting during the month of October #SNOW !
pathetic how your sister trys to slag of your matess, and told me not to meet them, im doing wat i want thanks rudeegurrll.
is watching RuPaul's Drag Race!! ~Awesomeness!! #don't judge me!
hahaha if you only knew I'm so not the babysitter you want
Can we speech read our tweets?
Anyone here a "Dragon Tattoo" fan? Do you think Salander has a form of autism?
The Clash blaring, cupcakes mfffing, caffeine buzzing...sitting at Cupcake Royale among the other quiet laptopniks, finishing some work.
I didn't realize Bike To Work Day was today in LA. I'd already made plans to do a portion of Friday's commute via bike and blue line.
I hope I can see u soon
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
your tweet that said i couldnt be happier
Thanks very much! Ur so sweet!
late to the party, but i always enjoy Goudy OldStyle or Garamond … their somewhat imperfect serifs could look good
hey mama hit me if you're still up...gotta tell u something
Man, if only some of those 9 LOB had been on the bases when Johnson, Zobrist, and Pena struck
On Game of Thrones last night, when Jon Snow sees The Wall - massive, imposing, desolate - for the first time, I thought...
Ever since I cut bangs again I've been getting evening headaches. What does it all mean?
RT : Thank you! It was a great review.
We want to know what you guys think! What is the best place in #Milwaukee for pub food?!
OMFG IM IN CHICAGO *dies*
Twi-hards, Twidiots, Twilighters - what's the "proper" name for Twilight fans anyway? Whatever you call them, they seem to be everywhere!
": Tonight's lineup is solid: 9 holes, cold beverages, and heading uptown to see "Sounds good to us too! See u there
It's not just for recipes! Lots of great EDU stuff being shared there.
My experience with Apple: It just doesn't fucking work
Thanks for following! And I luv your avi!
Tommarro is ur Birthday!!!!!♥ I love you so much justin #HappyEarlyBirthdayJustin!!!♥♥♥
Thomas' shot hits the post! OKC still leads 3-2
Working on a presentation for an agency client. New DVD to be released soon!!!
Ho I'm sorry have fun!
Tomorrow night wouldn't work for me either, but when will you be down next?
She doesn't seem too upset for someone who was just forced into her car at gunpoint.
#Starwarsshakespeare Double, double, toil and trouble Fire burn and Dagobah bubble
hey wer u from
thanks for the RT - cheers
Hope y'all had a great weekend! 2 Twins tickets FREE with a 1 week rental!
Sometimes when I read tweets I just wanna say "EXACTLY!" And other times I think Umm..Me need read more watch tv less..
witw? now ur saying she was a crack head?
Aw. I love you too! Thank you!!!!!!
More live videos!!! Like the setup you 2 have.
About to hit road to buy some wine for drinking/reviewing this week. Hope to bring home a few bottles for no more than $45-50 total.
Why do I feel this way? =0
My Christmas wish is for and to get together already !!!!!!
i just listened to like every pen up dolls song online, if we work its automatic millionaire status hmu asap!
oh well
Watching Giants v Eagles game, I can hear the roar of Giants Stadium!
JUST finished editing my poetry portfolio. So tedious! Why did I take poetry class again?! Finals almost over...
I miss it SOO SOO bad
thanks for the follow back move ill keep up ok stay down!
Process service from hell. I'm not sure why people try to avoid service, I'm going to get them sooner or later.
Halfway done with my MultiGenre Project! Matern better like this...
RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington & Chris Hondros, killed in explosion today in Misurata, Libya.
Don't cry tomarrow brings better days. 2pac
No matter what . I'm always gonna miss you .
- Tried sending u a DM but wont go thru unless you're following me also... Let me know when u follow & I can send u all details.
Spazz on Y'all.
Flirtationship: more than a Friendship, less than a Relationship
Thank you.
what class are you taking?
seth man i'm gunna miss you
Writing about ruby
if you think the things i say are mean sometimes- im glad you cant read my thoughts
Can you give that tackle to the offensive tackle? Masoli runs into his own blocker.
Aside from homeostasis normalcy really does not exist. Think about that before you call someone weird..Google my thoughts. Bitch.
: MIMI:Dumb as hell ELEASE: Weak as hell GIA:Follower ERICA:Shit starter AMY:Aint no hoe,for a white girl CAMILLA:My nigga
Amazing idea
RT : We have never been able to collectively unite charities & cancer fighting orgs in the fight. Times will soon change.....
YIPPIE! I get to see u too! I bought two as well. My friend is buying that one off of me. I used to see him all the time 4 free!
I'm a lucky gal, got to start my day with some fabulous ladies - thx for the coffee date and !
The best thing about being busy all the time is that I don't have time to entertain bs!
im in the hospital cause im sick and the nurse lady is mean shes like a total jerk
If I agree to give a presentation right after a conference, right after writing a paper, someone please stop me.
Seriously, , you won't let me David Lodge ebooks in the U.S.? Do you hate America, or love piracy?
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
New profil pic! Can't wait One Tree Hill season 9!! :)
dude follow me and we are what the bitches follow.
12:12am and my report is finished! Time to clean up and go to bed.
Haha oh t money I think that's 2 of us who shouldn't do that Lol
oh thts strait
the Eco film competition that you posted about
We'll be making a donation today RT : We're seriously like 500 bucks away from being the top fundraisers.
Jesus lord, has the best voice I've heard in a while.
SanDiego just in case you didn't know, the game is an afternoon 3:35 game start. We'll be there.
shout my friend and ;) love you slut
If you only like Harry, can't spell Zayn, say Louis isn't funny and Liam's boring or make fun of Niall, then tickets for 1D aren't for you.
What's good, everyone? What are you up to today/tonight/whenever?
OK LEMME GET SUMTHN STRAIGHT ...IF PPL FEEL MY TWEETS ABOUT THEM THE SHOE MUST FIT...ITS ALOT OF MFS I COULD BE TALKIN BOUT
Happy Leap Day everyone! Since today technically doesn't count, do something awesome so you remember what you did on #LeapDay 2012!
Anyone know where I can get some gay erotica stories published on the web? Twitter me if you do. Got some pretty good stories already.
Michalko summary: digital deluge of diamonds and sludge. Fodder for discussion.
wish I could be watching the game today - but can't with meetings at work...
Make the rules. That way they're easier to follow.
Get that New Years Glow b4 the Clock Strikes 12! Hurry Book your Appt by Friday 12/30 & Start GLOWING into the New Year! Call 327-2507.
Why cant we have interactive moderated political debates on TV all year round?
Thanks for coming out, Hope you enjoyed the show!
I really missed Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist. Really.
Half of my passwords are "ilovejwale"
were the Beasties from Brooklyn or Queens?
lol it's all good sister! :)
If you are struggling with your food allergy reactions, consider adding a comprehensive digestive enzyme to your food regime.
CONQUEROR! Yes You Are! Even More Than That!
It looks like our feral daughter got your eyes *and* your hair. Wow. Strong genes.
The is currently closed due to power outages.
This bar draws a creepy crowd. As in, feeling RIGHT at home.
The evidence of success is JOY.
let the wild rumpus begin!
oh I know how that goes. GT household..I would be all sorts of scunt an' ting if I didn't clean for the new year.
Following You...Follow Me Back
lol if ya so so ima make one tho
“: RT if you've already seen #NCIS200”Was awesome!!!!!
Jirí Horníček just showed the Czech surrealist masterpiece 'The Soldier's Story' by an unknown (by me at least) filmmaker.
Okay thanks!
I live this pic of you! Waay cute!!
Where was your work field-trip to?! Somewhere cool? Mustache-less?
follow our webseries! our director, Nicole, worked with you on Dinner Impossible in the Poconos!
Which month is your favorite in Fort #Lauderdale? I actually love August. It feels quiet and mysterious.
One Of The Most Prettiest Girls ----->
aite well how u do ya payments you gotta pay pal account or jus cash
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Looking sexy is different than feeling sexy. Otherwise I'd wear camping socks with my open toed heels for warmth.
Awesome stuff. You should make a copy of the script and send it to me so I can study.
damn bro lol your hair is LONG O.O :p
Gingers don't have souls
is ready for big things in 2010! Thanks for joining us on this ride! -- TS
..everythin movin slow....i take my time....i pace it baby....
that's great! :D
Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
follow me cuz i did
Good tips and actually totally applicable to some our e-marketing at the AIDS Foundation of Chicago. Thanks!
doing great, working on a lot of fun projects and getting ready to move to a bigger place here in Houston.
Me like having a crush lol 💗💗💗
Big Bang Boom plays at 4pm today #FreeConeDay at Ben&Jerrys Friendly Center! Come Rock Out!
not at all
Added San Diego to my trip(s) in San Diego next week to be greeted by reporters on arrival at the airport. Busy week ahead! :)
lets talk some baseball, or maybe on the show tomorrow???
haha I was just trying to make a funny is all
haha shit you're still in school? But yes, 130 is fine!
'All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.' ~ BE that light in someone's hour of darkness
I saw Frankie live like 10 years ago, but the musical was even better than him live, haha!
Watching The Vow!!! Hope I don't Cry!! haha
What should i do tonight
#WhyIGive to help others reach their dreams.
I'm seeing today!!! Be jealous!
i am completely loving all the fashionista's, blog/vlogg-ers,Youtubers who are all of my new followers i really appreciate it THANK YOU!!!
A1. Know who u want 2 reach, how can u most effectively reach them, what is your ultimate goal w/app-branding,
sure did! But kinda figured it was with PB already ;) : So... did you get your daily hint??
The fifth dare of the night will be a 10-minute preview of the company's first full-length production, as adapted by Lesslie Dodge Crane.
Here comes Rondo off the bench.
Babies are mostly born, and disks are mostly full - at night.
Welcome Neighborhood Coordinator for #Roxbury! With office hours every other Friday at Shelburne, 10am-12pm, starting May 11
hahah I'll shoot him a text and let him know what's up
Congrats to the people now running Yahoo. You have made your company synonymous with the Winklevoss Twins. Good luck with that.
please follow me im from ecuador and you r my world
What to do gm?
hey wahs up
Hahaha...I love you, B! I am bit tired though. RT Can't keep up with ?! Don't feel bad, no one can.
"Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary." - Louisa May Alcott
Mikey .... Ik gu fry got any food ?:D
tell them to take u there. Yall will enjoy it.
Excited!! I cant find it on your Soundcloud, is there anywhere else I can listen until then?
If an objectionable treatment is paid for by all taxpayers rather than by religious instns, it's less objectionable? That's not CHOICE.~D
you have the coolest pictures from work and the most amazing attitude. Thanks for being a TRUE American hero!
Hey there! Cool to see someone executing on a similar idea. :)
It's about conquering the quarterlife crisis, not waiting for it to pass! Check out the 4 girls doing just that @ stratejoy.com :)
You are not alone young lady. God is always with you. His company is the most important.
yep, that's jam alright... jerk. Wife keeps asking about the male model on my Twitter... jerk.
it's 11:11 in Miami! Make a wish! <3
Where's the ozoni?
has NOT FORGOT
Check out - GREAT resource in Philadelphia for glutenfree! Tons of restaurants.
Haha - well played :-)
You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right. ― Aung San Suu Kyi
an unfortunate American child told me.."even my worst day feels okay with a mouthful of milk and cookies". not much to ask for.
should have came zo
what u doing today?
wtf y agent u following me! I'll eat ur family! Don't worry I'm not hungry at the momen so u have some ykme
says is ensuring same flavor globally, from farm to fork.
Heart disease risk can indicate long-term COPD fate
There's something awesome about jammin out to Hootie and the Blowish in 85 degree weather with the top down and movie star sunglasses ...
If I had a dollar for every time I have sneezed I could pay rent for 3 months. Tears in the eyes count as a bonus?
That's amazing--particularly when they still don't seem favored over blackberry in the professional world
Good night!!!!:) Going in a big trip tomorrow:))
I hope the TSA doesn't think it odd that one entire suitcase is filled only with phones....
Sounds frustrating!
92 bus is 2b@ U n16th@ 1:19am. Next bus says 35 min wait! WTF? Seriously? There's no traffic this time of night! Dumbasses!
RT : Bows & Arrows // Kicking Daisies
Jamie u be blowin me shutup sometimes
Glad I could help. They still have little to no service there and i know the workers are extremely busy. God bless!
An audible "fuck" from Ortiz!
Let's go Derek Jeter. Captain needs a hit.
RT : Live well, laugh often, love much
um... undecided about GDC. I live like 3 blocks away though.
Thanks to all for a great show last night at the Republic Kitchen! See you again soon.
okay that's trueth
WIPO Dir Gen Gurry: in knowledge economy where univ's are the "factories," the grace period in patent filing is indepensible.
Wise words
My best wishes for a Happy Holiday season and a super 2012 to all of friends, fans and followers!
Thanks so much! which song did you end up checking out?
Yep ~ Love this: "Never underestimate the power of human storytelling." -
I hope you study this carefully
Its crazy how we always speak on the internet or on the phone, but in person it's like I'm not even here. :-/
Our house is about ready for bedtime
Ugh time to walk to the bus stop.
Love this vid walk away
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person. But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
awesome. thanks bro. I'm only on page75 i gotta go to 81
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade SOUND'S good..
The fact that we are "sure as hell" of things means we are not too optimistic about our eternal life!
it's pretty nice here.... ;)
Pardon my intrusion. F*ck him! (whoever he is)
wow thanks Emily over me.
No day party! Getting ready for our pool part Memorial Day weekend
Haha you know it!
haha im sorry baby
Case of cheddar back in stock at AMZN and I <3 1 click! My life is now complete :)
pretty great -- you?
Ordered a great new card game "woker" at
Just finished my golf lesson. I only used my P dogg aka pitching wedge, but I am feeling pretty #badass with it right now:)
thanks! We thought letting people in on our plans for world domination would be off putting... So we'll start w/
. - Simply the best! Doors open at 9. See you tonight...
#Sandomierz warmer than Newark today with a massive 34C. Enjoy the sunshine!
you have it?
bored as crap aint got nun too doo wtf life can be lame
you're just a youngin, who needs some real schoolin ;b
Many managers want to compare circulation of e-books with hard-copy books but this is an apples & oranges scenario. Bruss
yes I'm here with my sister and nephew celebrating moms day
same Ol shit
everyone look out we has a badass over here
Saw a kid in a letter jacket today. He's in his school's wrestling tennis band. I'd pay to see that.
breaking bad marathon continues
#BoyzAreBack , when they first stepped on the stage Ke$ha challenge>>>>
my head hurts . better on mute . somebody call my MOMMA
Whats next, you gonna call me a "fussbudget" or "jive turkey"? With your olde tyme insults lol
without dance i would have nothing and i would be nothing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!! :)
say what up? Scary ass lmao
have been trying to get a page published and keeps getting deleted even though it cites legitimate sources. Can you help?
“: Guys, if she asks about your view on internet porn... "full screen" is not the best answer.” this tweet is 4 u
no problem:) thanks
Friday, YOU are a giant glass of champagne to us today. Thank you for kicking Thursday's tequila to the curb :)
": Tom Brady's Pregame Routine Consists of shagging a supermodel on top of a pile of cash...
the quote :)
My mom pissed off a bird, and now it's after her
How is it possible that is now available on Twitter, and I didn't know?!
Lmao I need to kno the dude who had the 113 year old lady touching him in the car Twitter name lmaooo funniest shit.
SWAG , SWAG
Glad you're enjoying them
how u feeling?!
#Birdhand is a solid band with some solid music to offer.
"Thanks for telling everyone about my kidney stones, Jim" - Jim Palmer's wife.
sup lovely
Goodnight and hey your beautiful :)
I just don't understand why someone would like their own status on Facebook. Of course you like it. You posted it.
you mean I haven't yet?
3 sums??? Where do I sign up!
but we welcome you to #IndyCar!!
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Usually end up catching feelings for a nigga but try so hard not to show it or be weak
everyone go follow her she's amazing I luv her! But she just does not get the Idea of twitter all she says I'd what shes doing
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up
How about 'Fuck Your Feelings'? I've got my own plate of shit to handle, thank you very much!
FREE PRE-FORECLOSURE LIST!! MSG ME IF YOUR INTERESTED!!!
Keep huntin'! Tweet us a pic from the Show. Car to find: I am the future so plug me in, with high gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
i always look to see if i can see myself in peoples pictures and videos aahhaa
PLEASE Bravo I just want Rachel Zoe marathons all day.
This baboso can't go a week without tryn 2 fuck up my happiness! lol
good times!!! Haha
thanks for the invite.. That's my town!
always a goddess & yr profile is extra amazing. x o.
u can do it sissy poo!!!
Awesome!!! thank you. Looking forward to seeing the pics!
but of course!
Bitch is a female dog, dogs bark, bark comes from trees, trees come from nature, nature is beautiful,so if people call you a bitch. thanks
Not sure Damon, I put an email in to them so should know tomorrow. Aloha
craving sleep...
Haha! This is so funny!!
Imma shake my ass..in yo face, is that okay? ;)
That's a wrap... Enough tax returns for one evening.
I wanna move to california so its nice all the time!
“: I think i wanna go to da military idk yet” u go I'll go
I love you to death!!!!!! Plz rt
great meeting you yesterday! will REMEMBER that interview!!!!!!
#ff <-- the voices in my head
ignore the device, and run the #Kindle iPhone app instead.
I like it too! 
Indeed ;and what an honor to meet Justice Stevens in line!
check out my site and pics. who knows, you may get inspiration for a new character ;)
Beak'in A!
My mother was a tailor
To what do I owe this pleasure, Weatherman?
But will we? RT : The world dodged a second Depression by avoiding the mistakes that led to the first. There are more...
what's Rickson's favorite submission? What's your favorite?
Money Don't Change Yu It Changes The People Around You RT
awww super relajadita :) <3'd my foot massage// now for a movie & then off to sleep, hasta 2moro ppl, sweet dreams!!!
haha cue the cool noise
going off the twitter
Woop, gaining some feelings for him. ;o
bro i missed it on the radio :(
Love watching my coworkers do the Windows Phone 7 challenge with the peeps today during SpecTECHular!
HEY guys! Hope today was the start of a great week! ☺
I wanna get out of Sacramento this summer!!
and apperently im a bogger because im getting a block of pink or purple through my hair...jesus
All the guys I'm not attracted to are drawn to me the most smh..to me attraction is just not looks..its the whole package!
Feeling. Low.
what is a hickey tournament?
Almost fell asleep during the middle of the movie but it was alright. Just a super hero movie. That's all.
Did Joe Buck really just suggest Jaime Garcia to pitch hit? You would think he would remember he started this game right?
Werewolves and Ninjas!
what's up man?! Congrats on gettin in the playoffs. Go get then eagles!
When he's 50 he may be better than most players in the NHL. What a player.
If I lay in my bed I won't be able to get out of it. Must stay focused.
Rotary Peace Fellowship now accepting applications...www.rotary.org
Haha. Tony, stay till I get there so we can do the handoff and stick around for after parties! too?
Professionally Speaking as a Licensed Therapist, sobriety takes time to achieve, as the patient is always vulnerable to abuse triggers.
Ain't nuthin worst then a Football player who thinks he's good in basketball
RT Dont take this the wrong way but if youre upset that Duke lost because it ruined your bracket you probably don't have a soul
them while going down the list as you do so=me
Kitty shelter tomorrow
Day 2 and all is well w/greenies! Spinach in moderation was a great tip on how to start. Thanks!
My ambitions as a ridah
if you don't have a dream, you don't have anything
for men, the world is our bathroom....#wecangoanywhere :)
of course no sure about the other one.
Crew love
WOW! Where'd you hear about this dude? And thanks for sharing. Fits my retro fetish perfectly. Shades of Masekela.
men in suites
Last cup of wine!
Send me the flyer...I'll come through and give them a piece..heck with my breathing these days that's all I can get out..lol
That would make the show 10x better.
not to mention, Major.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!
Famous casting director Jane Jenkins coming to edgemar for Q & A session. Go to www.edgemar.org or call (310) 392-0815
sure, but, the drummer is able to get a closed hi-hat sound from his ride...it's magic!
Research and Markets: In-situ Synthesis of Polymer Nanocomposites
haha! thanks so much! I love riding my bicycle... on pace to hit 6-7000 miles this year! WOOOOOOT!
If you are attending #utoug training days today be sure to check out my #oraclewebcenter presentation.
Yes! We have a number of cases left.
Congrats on getting your handle changed!
. would welcome help from computer scientists in developing ways of working with range models like LMNL
Boyz will never be 'boys' again!
Picking albums to bring to a hypothetical island isn't hard. Turning the island sands into a decent makeshift orifice, there's your task.
Um...Maria and Derek were absolutely ROBBED. I'm thoroughly offended.
I never knew a gay man... then i met eric benzel. him and spehn have an apartment together
Good morning! First unconference sessions starting in 15 mins
Oh absolutely. Do you prefer Darth Vader or Disney Princess?
thanks! :) BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!
"You always act like this, when the sisters come around James!"
Thanks :-) Trying to get this business off the ground...but our treats have been described as "crack" for dogs :-D
yes! It's gonna be HUGE! tell er'body you know!
yo control your daughter
-_- these mexican landscapers def just beeped at me <<< :/
played good all day to lose a flip then get coolered JTxx to TTxx on JT3 in 3way pot at the final table to finish 7th for peanuts.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3
Brownsburg people piss me off soo much...they try to talk smack after you beat them and when you beat them before...you suck brownsburg
OMG I love the new #geico commercial with the pig zip lining yelling "wee, wee, wee!".
Wait. So did anyone else know that Carmelo Anthony was going to be guest starring on Nurse Jackie??? What the fuck?????????
is it a #JonasFanProblems you think of the boys when you see the John or Jones and you just read jonas xD ?
It's not too late, go for it! And check out the panels we already have, just in case. Yes to childcare!
Vacation time starts in 10 hrs. A week of relaxation and fun with my family! Going to the Grand Canyon... Can't wait I've never been!
Sad to leave the beach today...
We need a win, go suns!
how does chocolate impact your life?
At first I thought this said "ultimate sex pack." def more exciting than six pack RT : The ULTIMATE Six Pack Abs Workout
Looks like we'll now have to add pup play dates to those beer bookclub mtgs. so much goodness!
Good follow Robby Speer director of Sports Reach /Reaching and Teaching the Word Through Sports
Debating going to United Center Sunday night for the Sade/John Legend concert, Floor Section #3 Row 1 or 2 looking good.
i should do this more often
Does that work? do people really give u money if u ask for it? lol, its like pan handling online
is the
keep running but not for office. Time to go!
Today's a good day for chicken soup with rice. Remember to mix it once, mix it twice.
My aunt is locked in macy's due to a shooting outside and I am guessing this is pretty much her dream come true
me getting a mustang before you >
Love #solidarity from across the River! We always need volunteers but you'll need to move to #TheNewD1 to get a yard sign. :-)
I'm here, where are you?
I'm so tired and I don't have a game until 9:15:(
It's called "You Give me Problems About My Business" by the Mercury Program. thanks for listening.
Traveling for work this week - cannot wait to show off my new bag! Seriously the most precious camera bag I've ever seen!
If you don't keep moving forward, life it just going to keep kicking you in the ass!
contact 'Etched in Time' at 440-285-7708 or ....
Shoutout to for bringing my drunk ass home. I'm sure I was a delight.
PIPE BOMB, THE ENDERS, & CAN'T GET NUN's - Friday, July 23rd - PUNK ROCK NIGHT - Jerilee's Pub - Lafayette, IN - 9pm - Rock n' Roll!
I can't sleep 
Big surprise, Rovell does something stupid/scummy.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 4632 calories! on 4/4/12 at 8:42 PM
In the car on my way to school
there is nothing but love in the air today. damn, it makes me extremely giddy. cannot wait to get inside Miller Park and cheer on the Crew!
Sometimes, you gotta know what lines there are, and not cross them.
Watched 60 minutes last night -- had no idea Meryl Streep lives in Massachusetts part of the year. Got to get her on my invite lists - ha!
Something isn't right.
Good Morning 
Sit around for 4 days and watch "Gossip Girl."
Yaaaaaaay. I'm proud of you!!!!! :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) :)
(screaming YES!!) I had thought that you were older than me!!so I was hype!!but I'm right your younger..😊😄😜😂👍
Vh1 played Garbage's "Only Happy When It Rains This Morning." Thank you Vh1!!
Airports fucking suck.
Message from my guides: I am not alone.
Yeah me too. Just so exited
I have to run. Stay tuned till next week. Working on content for both docs/ePatients on participatory medicine
man bring ya black ass out tonight
Why all of a sudden so many people are hating on Nicki #performing??
wonderful thanks Rusty :)
My life is in boxes. Last thing to be packed is this laptop.... Movers coming in 12 hours..... It's go time!
and let us know how you get on with them!
Or Ron Howard
Freaking adorable.
Why do online transcript requests have to be so difficult?
Come on boys, let's do this!
Baby you're the best part of my day!
Fuck its snowing AGAIN
Don't forget to support Sheriff Joe. He is under attack by our DOJ, who won't go after the Black Panthers.
sunday is for brunch and beverages. 9am-2pm.
should be doing homework
hey! im comin 2c u guys july7 :) you'l c me n the front row i promise!:) & i'll b at the venue at 6am blarin stwof frm my car!
Once again, Happy birthday Janet Jackson.
Those are fun picks. How did we miss noticing the concert at Random Row? And, thanks for the re-tweet!
PingFederate 6.5 upgrade completed. No PowerPoint required. Thanks Unleash the tokens!
Bob Finch speaks about need for record keeping
Intense 2 hr workout to start off my saturday. The things i can get done when i dont drink are amazing
Have a great time at the concert at Keller's Saloon tomorrow! (Show info: 615-374-4719)
Facebook #f8 I like Graphs
just getting ready for bed after watching ice road truckers am hoping for a nice day tomorrow
I need more UK Grime in my life. Who are you listening to?
So if you get 200 rejections this summer and the Giants win 100 games, you'll consider it a success?
Hey, so what happened with your car last night?
Excitement is building for to return with the Pops. Let the world know and use #IdinaInCincy when tweeting about the concert!
Hi , my life
Over half of public service jobs are in education, health, and social services, where women make up 72 percent of the work¬force....
Put your hands in the air, say YEAH, YEAH, YEAH ◕‿◕
Ha Bulls are out in Round 1
housing ENDS usa #HOMELESSNESS! PLZ DONATE housing SOLUTION WITH OTHER USA WEALTHY ! thanks!
He sounds like Tony Robbins when he speaks...
Looking forward to seeing you next Tues @ FREE show @ 5:30 @ Center Plaza. FREE beer 2. Sunny skies/72 degrees in the forecast.
Hurry time is running out! The sooner you enter the contest, the sooner you'll win! :)
Smiles are the only universal currency.
Hey Happy! Can I have one of those?
Sy Steals - A Daily Boutique & Handmade Deal Website + Weekly Giveaways: via AddThis
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
2/11 w/ cd release show. We have tickets, who needs some!?
thx for inviting me!
i know and did u see that pic of princeton mom which she looks pretty. i been saw it hbu
you come w/ plenty referrals
I'll make a little Grande Competition! The winner gets a shoutie & a cupcake!♡
like this? "Austin please kiss my cheek while taking a picture"? ;p
#IAdmit lately i ben slackin on my craft on my art to make ppl laff!
i like this one !
What is this Today Show? I thought I brainwashed you to watch nothing but
it's a song fuck face.
Rose was kinda the shit.
in order to get a cd, i have to know you. once i get them copyrighted, then i'll let other people have a cd d;
Conf tourney play to go along with Clemson & Stanford...ODU +2 and that's it for today. Good Luck!!!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana shake that banana for me
time for single payer.
is about to dance. I have to say, I love this woman. She got and she got it good...
Welcome to the crew. Pumped to have you!
Don't be fooled by this afternoon's great weather quite yet. Rain is set to move in tonight and tomorrow. This Afternoon: Increasing cl...
so you build on iPhone and they actually mail a card for you not email???
How many fights are actually gonna be shown on FOX?
What are you doing there?
Fantastic 1st #OksanaG workshop-performance last night to full house, Charlene Santoni in title role. Again tonight w/ new cast.
Yup Agree! RT Can I edit 1080p HD clips in PPro dynamically linked to a AE project? Didn't hear/see anything about that
Bring a friend for free today only!! (Must be a local resident)
That nigga Ron Artest needs some kind of psychological assessment.
RT - Note to all my former teammates + opponents: Swallow macho BS + go see a Dr, seeking help isn't weakness. AMEN to that!
flag day is my favorite day of the year.
I love how people are so mature.. like calling me on blocked number and making up a song about how ugly I am.. really sweet.
you did your thang tonight episode of Glee! you killed it! GO AMBER!!! Wooot! lol =D
Just one day left in our latest giveaway! Have you entered?
he has been haxed
Beat sundays
Happy Hump Day to all the sports fans out there...Go SoX, Go Hawks, Go Packers ( Sept 9th ) Bears & cubs can go to Hell : )
ambition gets me goin
Ok. Is that what he is looking at
this cant be happeningg... we will try to do whatever we can to get you there
I found some really great deals on apartments
I'm assuming you will be relieving of his duties?
#cq5 rte is wrapping everything in <p> which is resulting in <p><p>abc</p>...</p> which is messing up output in IE7 which suppresses abc
My 3001 tweet goes to and I love you guys!!!!<33
I think you mean OMG AN EPIC UPDATE!!!!!!
ITS 11:11 I WISH THAT AUSTIN WILL COME TO CHICAGO!(:
No idea but I like it
love in the time of chai rooibos
We get it its friday !
Just voted for Megatron on the next Madden case
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving weekend!
Torturous Thursday was amazing tonight! The club was packed & everyone had a blast at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!
ohw so u must be happy :P LOL no tiution even
the big homie told us fans that you would to do a song with ja rule that would be unfair niggas ain't for that!
all my fantasy running backs that weren't already injured got injured in the first quarter this week. fair warning to the replacements i get
If the New Jersey Devils don't win tomorrow, it will be hard to deny the likelihood of a New York-LA mega-market Stanley Cup Finals clash.
way to go girlfriend!!
No school today.Gunna work on music,project.I really wanna talk to my babe thoe!:/
going to with $240? I think so.
yes it is!
Good morning tweeps!! So what are ur goals for the day? What will you accomplish, overcome or begin? It starts with a single step...
Nauseous from lactate threshold work in 5:30am spin class + just scuffed my new fave knee-high boots. Day not starting out so hot.
Loved being a redhead and found it oddly appropriate to return to blonde on St. Patrick's. Raises a glass of green:)
Not sure? Not watching tv right now
#jealoushands has become my default morning album. I just wonder: will come to TX?
Something the Big Apple always me feel like a kid!
Man. That just messed everything up -.-
Win a trip for 2 to Cabo San Lucas for shopping at LUCKeSHOPPER!
Cool thx! I looked at that but couldn't quite tell w/out signing up
thanks should be fun. how are you?
": or in a tire in the back of a pick up.. What? Hahahahahahahahahaha." lol, no. Never again.
which team set this one up? Or does it only go to the office pot and not benefit one of the teams?
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat. Jean-Paul Sartre
My dawg chuck brown with the pick 6
Still hearing it all before
Good work!!!! Keep it up
Also clever: the 'get a job, loser' comments about people with screwed up commutes by protestors. Glad to see you worked your butt off!
Dint like Indiana but nice dunk victor :)
thank you SO MUCH! for taking the time to read my novel and also to let me know that you liked it. Much appreciated.
i love women how could a nig b gay
Okie Dokie scores a TD to make things interesting in the desert.
What is a paradox? Can't google right now.
"Forth in Thy Name, O Lord" is UMH 438, but set to DUKE STREET, not ROCKINGHAM.
"I'm sorry but I DON'T speak retard."
What's happening this week?! Monday, finally, a student in an shirt. Today, finally, Is everyone getting smarter?
But you never know where that heart has been, and we'll never know how hard it's been.
thanks
I like the research! Eager to learn results. But funded by tax $ is terrible, esp in this econ! Why not get $ from VC? BigPharma?
Watching the doors
Almost got in trouble with the law ;) yolo
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 12
I'd like to enjoy the sunshine and high temperatures, but weird weather makes me nervous.
I Know I Spelled That Word Wrong, Was Rushing, lol
I love the Etrade baby
Oh gosh, thanks. We should gig again. Give us a holla. :)
Great job showing up today #packers. Remember how bad this feels, and come back stronger
RT THIS IF YOU EVER NOTICED AUSTINS BABY SMOOTH ARMPITS
I will know the minuete sees my DM lol
Jose Canseco's fake Twitter is done? This may be the saddest moment of my life. I'm done with Twitter. Done. Wait, that shit was real?
Let's be honest...the only hope Purdue has going in to Assembly Hall is that they aren't ranked...but I still believe!
save the date. more info to come.
Watching France vs. USA (Semifinals) on
Our 50% off Spa Tech ORC contest is over. Thanx for playing! The "LIkes" are in. One lucky winner TBA July 13. Stay tuned!
Why do I hear five-year olds yelling "Let's Go Yankees" on my Orioles broadcast?
Sleep is going to have to become a priority sometime in the near future
That is one of the requirements. :)
When did the Penguins become the Canucks? Hair pulling really???
Look What You've Done - Drake
i wish i could believe it but i just cant.
Do you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
are you serious?o:
it was a great way to end the meeting!
another good band that i love besides paramore nd three days grace
Fuck that damn bitch cop.... Yes I said ir
yes please! :D ps what happened with our secret?! it never happened! haha
If u want a hashback than u better get ur cash back...dont let me in bahahhahah insider
NC State line.. Thank God.
Love it. RT : I would rather set fire to my own face. RT : Help us grow our base. Encourage others to join us.
Do not anxiously expect what is not yet come; Except for Joe Buck ruining baseball broadcasts - which comes every year.
I never though redoing our own website could be so challenging! Hard to please yourself visually when you already done it so many times...
Cant ever sleep at night.. I hate thia
Yep - I grabbed a glass mixing bowl (pondering including a metal OXO bowl), two small white bowls, and two scoops.
so who gets OC?
Positive thoughts & Prayers to everyone in Japan ~ never easy to see the effects of Natural Disasters/Events.
Three cheers for authority (but not authoritarian) control in social media.
I can support t' effectiveness of said pink pill, she was contemplating her gusset in t' loo 4 15mins afterwards
was tonight?? Oh no! I thought it was tomorrow! What am I gonna do on the real #stpaddaysday?!
congrats on your win!
you mean the library? What was the holdup?
Tomorrow is his birthday <\3 I miss you dominick..
totally forgot your NOT the one haha bitch you are NOTHIN
The Defy Words tour coming to a school near you! Proud of my girl!
quick question, you really a Bulls fan? or do you just like the apparel? I'm serious, because if you are a fan thats awesome.
Hope your #WastelessWed *was* a goodie! ;)
What's the food plan tonight everyone?
ready for your presentation.
After 5 seasons, #UT women's b-ball coach Gail Goestenkors has resigned. Goestenkors led Texas to 5 NCAA tournaments & a 102-64 record.
You had to bring your bearded dragon to the grocery store, on your shoulder? Really?
Watching NFLN's America's Game the 1974 Steelers. It was when the game was allowed to be football.
Today the #vonlee smells like hot wings. I prefer the pizza in the stairway and occasional bacon in the bathroom, though.
#WhyDoiAlways Fall for people that don't like me..
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs are important to a child’s growth and development as an individual.”–Natalie
Like one...sleeveless lol": you own shirts anymore? Lol"
Becky and Pam are great. I hope that the conversation was fruitful.
alright! Hold on I'll ask chris
btw, I happen to be leaning No on 23 and hoping Meg wins for temporary suspension.
Sometimes I wish my friends didn't know I had money/:
The Lumineers came out last week. Pretty good neo-folk stuff a la Mumford, Ed Sharpe, Of Monsters & Men
Thanks for following! We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks. Looking forward to connecting!
thank you :)
#FF Some of the folks I met with in Austin this week:
Any Facebook integration coming?
I'm sending your shoes with Dad
Temperatures already near 50. Expect to see them reach close to 60. Sunny skies will remain through tomorrow.
come back to us in one piece and ready to party! love and miss you! be safe.
grindin' independently until management comes
people suck sometimes. love you dena, stay strong. :)
Well-thanks Mark for kind words. That was mighty sweet of ya! :)
I'm on here to reveal my unique style beats ad make friends along the way.
should have, but my brother-in-law was graduating from the police academy. It was the smiley dinner spot.
thanls for being such an inspiration to me!! Totally loving my copy of #NEVERSAYNEVER love you so so so much!!
Don't ask my why I'm having a bad day, ask me how you can help
Proud! Stayed in my #WW points today :)
where do u get ur info? Tea-party hand-outs? U can choose ur own providers under Obama plan. U shud get ur facts straight
Happy Friday Beautiful People #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
Webster , TX!! We are performing at Radiation Productions tonight! Doors at 6:30!! #NYTF TOUR!
After my tweet, Benzema is replaced. ha ha. Higuain, another player that relies on luck for the ball to go inside the net. #madrid1-0 Getafe
Sorry! Didn't realize computer was signed into Tod's acct--it was me replying :)
Hey hey E, what's happening in LI? We finally got some nice weather here in Seattle, it's been COLD
Halftime: #Hawks 40, #Celtics 40. Atlanta outscored Boston, 25-19, in second quarter. Paul Pierce: 9 points. Joe Johnson: 11 points.
tweet tweet! flitting about the twittersphere.
#weallhavethatonefriend thats a best friend and has a a billion secret handshakes and a secret friendship journal with you!!:D
ur right. That's y I couldn't understand y every1 wanted the Hawks to play them first.
RT : I just put in my order for my shirt for Shampoo June 11th..I hope its here in time< it sure will be!
I miss campaigns sometimes MT : 55 Obama 2012 staff&1 coach bus blasting Don't Stop Till You Get Enough at 7:30AM
I got that Direction Infection!(:
Yup, I can see how smearing oneself with crocodile dung would be a good contraceptive. :)
There was a fight. Well, more like a guy punched another guy and that was it cos a teacher broke it up before it got serious.
#wow hot yoga is damn intense; but it helps relieve #sales stress.
Work is so busy :(
Day off tomorrow. I can't wait to sleep late...
Y can't I breathe whenever I think you why can't I speak about whenever I talk about you? <3
I feel like when he moves, the time doesnt
Should start seeing cases again by the end of this week...
im drinkin some cool blue gatorade right meow ;)
This a small city I tell u smh
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers. He will be deeply missed.
Would you just look at it?
Hahaha said Tiger is off to a "steady" start. She is as condescending as she is incompetent. On TV and in person.
Great game! Even better game considering The Patriots & Tom Brady lost.
“: 'I like Baggage..It helps me carry my things.'”y u so weird
Hear the world around you / without identifying sources. // Free from names, sounds reveal mystery.
No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)
Ha! RT : ": Needed that LeBald." Who's making the LeBald t shirts for game 3? Maybe ?
Don't forget! Tomorrow at 6pm, SLIS Colloquium Series: Mr. David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States, McMahon Hall, Room 200
No DOUBT!
Agreed to a degree. I think her work at-large is unknown, and that's so her: humble confidence, secretly incredible.
That might just have been your vagina..
Yes X-fest is all ages!
The USA ANC Centenary Committee& HURSAP is currently hosting the #Republic of South Africa, Minister of Arts and Culture!
My initials are trending! K.G! :D
we had a dope weekend.
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday! Everybody's looking forward to the weekend... so i can SLEEP!! :)
if you're on campus you can stop by now in the lobby in LeFavour cash only - or you can wait until next Tues. Weds in MBC
follow and please :D x7
Computer is down for a bit. Only posting from phone so will be limited.
I know that was an innuendo!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 5
Most two-year-olds aren't as advanced as dogs when it comes to following the mail (sadly).
I ask a more appropriate question. Do people think?
I went to ur concert today and I'm goig again tomorrow!!! Follow ??? Pwetty please and I'll get soundcheck passes
"Jonas Brothers are lame." WHAT! Oh hell to the no! Hold my banana! Bitch, don't test me!
RT : “Kids don’t know about best sellers. They go for what they enjoy... It’s why I like them.” -Maurice Sendak
What Is Bioethics? Part 1 of 2
Come to #RECon12 TweetUp Sun May 20 at 4pm at the Social Media Pavilion. You can enter to win free Wi-Fi service for a yr from
i hate when ppl " retweet " my shid & they not even following me . .
anybody else wanna be in the story ? Madison & Mikey are left [:
“: FILL IN THE BLANK CONTEST The last time the Knicks won a playoff game...” I still had a pager
Good Point!
I just wanna be alonee..
thats the idea: a childhood of go-sees. Since college is for douchebags anyway
more bks...Man's Search for Meaning, The Upstairs Room, Boy in the Striped pajamas. Hope you enjoy! best, felice
Congratulations to Casey Anthony for getting rich with book deals, interviews, and appearances. I can't wait until she's on Celebrity Rehab.
"A Tale of A City"
Stopped by today. Thanks for the big color swatches - can't live without them!
Happy Easter to you too buddy! As of now I do not... What are you thinking about doing tomorrow?!
Me & slept basically the whole bus ride
no, I'm a dumbass and forgot my binder in my locker -.- lol.
Casa Morada Facebook contest starts today!
So ready for some vino and watching comedy 2night w/my bf
Looking for Comic-Con news? AT&T quadrupled their capacity for the conference. Want to know more? Email me: .
my thunder and pacers better go far this time.
"It doesn't look like much, but it's home." (Jonas Blane aka Dennis Haysbert on The Unit)
#How2Tarot Our online #Tarot reading lets you use reversals - these can show you cards where more attention is needed or a new perspective.
Warm, beautiful sunny day here in Miami..... Sorry, Mom! (shes in the Bronx)
no it was funny
Glad you enjoyed it!
evenin'! Are you guys used to the time change now?
...the road less traveled.
Why show Swish "spitting" on the bench...please dont!
The writing sessions for the all new KHB project continue tonight! There are great things in store for your eyes and ears! Please stay tuned
No matter what they say, I'm not over you.
Sleep tight
how is it not 5 p.m. yet?
I know! I am cracking up at how weird they are!
A Melodic Minor scale played from he 7th degree is called an Altered Scale. Played over a Dominant 7th chord sounds groovy!
no school today or monday #fourdayweekend #yes :)
Why oh why did I bring a candy bar as a snack? Only worse decision on a day like today would have been to bring milk.
good to hear =]
Looking for a great new read for 2011? Try the poignant #ElizasFreedomRoad, illustrated by , pub by
SO excited to meet & tomorrow for drinks at a stranger's house! Bad idea? Hm....
well yes it does. Maybe more than a little.
“: Just played: I Thing She Digs Me - The Connection - Seven Nights to Rock(self-released)” <-- Thanks!!
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin
man really? To tired to be looking for something lol.. jeeezzzzz lol
RT : When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. Every time.
as in tomorrow? Saturday?
that's because you're leading!
I need some WD40 on my office chair. The squiking is driving me insane!
My parents said I couldn't go because it's so far away, so I'm sneeking in. YOLO.
Voters have become, basically, spoiled children. Last two elections about showing politicians who is boss. Guess what? They are.
The Self witnesses all activities at the physical, mental and intellectual levels without getting itself involved or affected by them.
I'm out that way. Capitol and calhoun area
like the walks since yuni last walk stat. Thanks
Am thankful for thanksgiving and the giving of thankfulness.
Once my mom yelled at me for leaving my board out and I used the "It's not like it'll shit on the rug" line. Just once.
This team in in total free fall. 9-16 since 11-2 start, lost 6 games versus the Giants in a week! Bullpen a mess and no hitting
wow that's great sis your online how you doing
no high school football?
Southwestern College Concert Choir Misa Azteca set to perform on Friday, May 4 from 7:30 to 9 p.m. at Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!...
Just another day in paradise man! Yeah wish I could've had a sweet pad like that growing up.
There's only 1 rule. I will not lose
What are you doing up right now?
thanks for the follow
and Did you? what happened?
#BOYFRIENDReview beautiful and sexy
Going to the L.A. Opera performance of "La Traviata" with my daughter, Gianna.
Our utility room is our new woodshed. Paddles on the wall & a bench near the logs & charcoal. "Drop your drawers, young man."
Hey why Why WHY am I just now finding out that the word swag is IN YOUR NAME!?!? Would've made a good Super Bowl Commercial.
I really enjoyed it. Not nearly as cheesy as I expected. Good love story.
come out of the closet !!! and i don't been like that hahaha
Why is the #Cabudget PDF document encrypted or locked to disallow copying?
Medical Billing and Coding Salary in Texas | Technician Salary
lmbo @ "bake pies" !
Thanks for the RT! Our new Explore Baltimore Heritage website will be joined by a smartphone app in the next week or two.
I super heart you
sounds like my kind of night! :-)
u r missing this shit
Was at Walmart and was helped by an 80 year old white lady named La Wanda.
is launching our first blog soon! Stay tuned!
And here I took you for Tom Cruise circa 1986. I had u pegged all wrong!
assumption 3: huge shifts in content. Content for any one course could be an unbounded database. Boettcher
Oh my. Sounds fun and yummy. The refreshments are Lewis Carroll inspired, I'm sure. Tea sandwiches and hookahs?
starving ugh ugh ugh
#WSULawSBClinic Junction Small Bus Cntr 2nd Friday each month, help w biz formation and contracts visit Friday or call 577 9429
LOL! Don't die now, he's got more to come “: If Adam did Underneath at these sessions, I need to make sure my will is in order.”
Dodgers lost already👎 let's see what the Lake show has
Save the date: June 28, 2011 at 12pm PST. Release of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep. 1 starring Eric Roberts. Join the mailing list for info!
“: My new avatar is good, but it makes me want to _______.” eat for breakfast
What a cool girl! ;) RT : everyone should give a listen to.
COME TO GERMANY! :'( <33333
that is the worse reason ever!!!!!! >=[
No celebrity jeopardy is a fail
Can't wait for tomorrow!(:
Here with Mark from Regime Entertainment at the music expo at the W Hotel in Hollywood. Lots of people and fun!!!
I'm takin a break on black chick I want a white girl
it can! juggling a super busy work week,an H and a 3 year old makes me thankful for online shopping! And free returns!
Only time thugs get religous or spiritual is when the going or coming from jail. Stay j pieced up though and cant forget prayer hands..
I wasn't aware I had any real choice.
If you received a holiday voxbox invite from Influenster, make sure to RSVP before the end of the day (Saturday Dec. 3rd)!!!
The last time UK football went an entire season without playing at least 1 ranked SEC opponent was 1979.
hahah i know, right. its awesome to hang out with people from so many diff places at once
Yes! The Suns are going to make the playoffs!
Contact has been made. I await your reply.
Apparently, Mr. Romney has an incredible amount to #streetcred .
Kristina is awesome (: I'm so happy she's ungrounded
#SignsYouCantTwerk; you're wearing a pair of 'Miss Me' jeans.
I can barely afford to fill up my tank! $4.19 a gallon!!
OH: Originality is just a lack of information.
We might just take you up on that.
thank you for that
This right here is my swag. (;
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I post up.
If I move too fast, I might leave u in the past
18 pounds of freshly made cookie dough in the fridge. Dear God, what have I done?
where are the hardware folks speaking out against #sopa? this ip/domain business would effect folks like wouldn't it?
my pleasure and happy new year. Hopefully we'll be in Memphis sooner than later.
you're sweet. I'm speaking at a church in round rock at 10am. You should come out!
In love with her tweets are incredibly sincere and make me feel very good.
going to be the best weekend of my life
Our prayers are with you and your family. #Love4Trayvon &
Or it might be My Buckets Got A Hole In It..lol. One or the other :-)
Okay its official I have anger issues.
Really rethinking about working for 6 hours in the middle of a Saturday
lmao girl u betta b going to church today:)
i plug my phone to my laptop so it can charge and the battery died faster alright
it's sad to say "I hope someone great grabs Kevin Love so we can see his real potential" ie a big market purchase!
Gotta retweet - love what I heard, please contact me if you can - would love a copy for my blog!
Thanks for caring , those stairs were "steep"
I will be next week!
#sxsw on the brain...time to start racking up those rsvps!!
text me(:
any of them require needing a house sitter in cape cod? sincerely, intern with no place to live yet
Follow me to the #TheKappa tonight Austin Music Hall - 208 NUECES
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : Murder at USC? So excited for the safety questions at the admission center -__-
will do!
Because you live in Ft. Wayne. They're on rotation on Your beer is as cheap as your radio stations.
i ate chips and still completely hungry
hahaha ;) girl we is to lucky . Our class has gotten gipped out of everything !! Finally something is working out for us :D shot
Yay! You wanna join us!?
Best. Bathrooms. Ever.... Seriously.
shut up lol
at least you're honest and sticking w/what you know! Lol
Business owners, if you are not too familiar with blogs and have questions make sure to check out the new addition to our Field Guide....
how fun it must be to be a manager :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
Let's go Yankees!
Thanks for making my phone go crazy <3
Glad you liked it :)
RT Got my iphone taken away. After skool i have sumthang 2 tell ya. Off to skool i go
I can't keep up with all the good stuff chad is saying.
we're always open to hearing what you'd like to see…
depends what kind of food you have...
When that mosquito flys past your head and you already know it bit you bout a million times already
Incahoots tonight or stay in and play Diablo 3, decisions decisions
who the fuck is that
I hate mornings
We are also thankful for the hard work of and ! And of course all our other community partners!
looking forward to the blues game, not long now
Me wearing heels to work has to be the most comical thing I can do. Laugh on, coworkers!
Okaay.. I love music. :)
no text. #suckyfriend that's all I'm done! No mas amigos Rachachacha
You looked nice today.
last vb practice till the new year! got each of the girls a little something for the holidays :)
Great big way to kick off #ThirsyThursday Magnum of the Month 2006 NV Cabernet Sauvignon...3 set/$89. Cheers for that!
Walk of shame, fml
I uploaded my integrity to the cloud so I can access it anytime I need it.
yeah! our school has 180 days uhh! I dislike our director (dont you Aleks??) :DD and hau? Do you like yours?
GIMME LOVE
butcher and singer?
next stop...TINSELTOWN...cause christmas decorations are really cheap this time of year...
that's funny ;) Love your posts so far.
Much love! :)
heh, again actually. Damn CNN who the hell cares about her custody battle?
You lie to me and that's it for ya. This ain't baseball. Most people get one strike from me
no prob, Bob! Let's put our heads together on another event in September that we can pow-wow on for some practice.
Hosting a preschool jam on Tues., Mar. 15th with an eclectic taste: tabla drums and dances from India.
I keep my trent hand strong
brotha man! You bounce clubs right?
Yes - so many connections! And truly, 21st c education should be all about connections
thanks for the follow! Love you! Followed back! =) <3
I vote for buttercream icing for the cake!!!!!!
Welcome to Twitter & thx for following! Be sure to check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr & graphic design!
It's Friday...
at least I'm going to be earning my money.
Great to see everyone! “: At the new Sobelmans with the Warrior crew! CC ”
Coldplay Good for The Heart Music. #np the scientist
Why is it that when you can't eat there are so many TV commercials for food?
I truly hope I never have another reason to use the "pencil" you got me :) #SOBCon (and thanks again)
Huge THANK YOU to BOK Center for donating tickets to Oilers games and Harlem Globetrotters for our youth!
My best friends dads birthday party: Homemade slavadorian food, all the tequila imaginable, and a mariachi band. Absolute awesomeness!
#Stat: Craft #brewers provide about 103,585 #jobs in the US, including serving staff in brewpubs. RT if you love craft brewers!
email me! . I have dates in April and May :)
Check this salsa magazine in germany: salsa_forum
That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse not to hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.
If I could eat anything I wanted right now, it would be Trader Joes Tabbouli but there are no Trader Joes near me.
r u coming to sf? Much less depressing here
RT : I'm The Boy Who Cried Workout.
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
Look I'm doing the best I can with what I got. That should be well enuff for u
Who's up and ready for some #Bloomsday?
Definitely! You've started filming already?
I really enjoyed The Oscars! Proud of all the winners and nominees! Can't wait to follow in your footsteps as I hope to be nom'd one day!
I know I'm hoping he goes home soon. I just can't even deal with him!!!
RT 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
That's what I call a typo
Paul to the Clippers
At this rate I am averaging two and a half glasses of wine per episode of #TheWire. I can't do this all night
What is with this show #MyStrangeAddiction ? sex with his car???? WTF!
"Are you going back to the office?" "I don't think you understand what 'never' means."
Listening to the George of the Jungle theme song
If I look back, I am lost.
"It's night, again. Time for my mind to go wandering. Off on a journey, through space and time. In search of a face, I can never find."
sorry its late. Seriously Awesome work!
The admin stylesheets make me cry sometimes.
I'm not a TV junkie, but I am really loving #thewildwithin with I envy his connection with his food.
Leaving at 8am to go to the studio,..... hope you guys are ready for 2 new songs
" Leadership in govt is characterized by interaction, interdependency, mutual respect between politicians& admins"
anyone who follows me i will mention.
By the way gm everyone
“: If it's meant to be, we'll find our way, somehow.”
haha. I hope not.
"If you're wearing beats I feel bad for you son, they're worth 99 dollars and you look like a cunt."
Seems to be good so far now. Trying to upload a video to vimeo now, I'll let you know if it doesn't hold up. Thanks :-)
Who will eventually play the #Thunder in the 2nd round, & who has the best chance to beat them? That's who I want to advance.
he played well just wish they got the win
amen to that!!
2 things I miss: 1. When you used to ask me if I wanted any sauce 2. When you used to get orders correct.
Just walk away, Rickie.
Ramesh Srinivasan from ucla talking ab. the ways in which new media can help create new ways of working w/ collections and people.
I feel like your giving up, then you send me that :*
cut off power to We can work off-the-grid like #ows // #OBneeds solar, fuel cells, green solutions
Starting to car shop this wkend. Anyone have recommendations on make, model, or reputable sales person?
just got called out by #imasocialist #notacommunist!
I hate friigin Metro with a passion.. Just sayin.
I prefer the view in your apartment(pants) :-p
i love his song Quickie dat nigga go hard on dat junt
Hi Shaunna, what is your opinion of Sheryl Sandberg's work at Facebook? She is after all, the COO, which is a very powerful role.
thanks girl!
No ones afraid of heights, they're afraid of falling. No ones afraid of love, they're afraid of rejection.
hahaha!!!! No wonder the bitch ain't fixed this yet
Oh this person would be me perhaps??
Dear boyfriend, Your wallet was getting fat so I thought I'd take it out for some exercise. Sincerely, Girlfriend.
Off for a walk with Miss Khloe! Shooting for the 2.5 mile mark again-- though 3 might be in my future.
getting ready for the voice!
At least, that's what I used to use before it was blocked here. Been awhile, but was user friendly and simple.
follow and please! Hope you had a nice day:)
That being said... That "2 CHAINZ" chant is pretty catchy.
Mad Cow....it's what's for dinner
If KU pulls the upset, it will go down as one of the best games in recent memories. I'm hoping for an entertaining game. I'm sure it will be
nice day to play golf. to bad i'm working today.
Sat at 11am 30A Radio taping; 6pm joining song or two at Bud & Alley's; 7:30 pm Summer Kitchen.
love it!
I love you both. These next 4 months are going to KILL ME!!!!!
ahuahuahaua where are u going?
hahahaha aww she's so cute she would get excited about a birdie
when i was a kid a rubd ma cock on a turtl imma fukn freek
omg im about to get irritated!!! Hurry tf up!!
best year of my life candidate.
Love the idea. I think between Justified, Breaking Bad, and The Walking Dead - there are some great noir-ish shows on air right now.
But NeoCons would not stop with just #Zombies. All helpers would have to be dealt with!
Well, I hope he isn't last for your sake!
I know g that shit had me sleeping extra nice
you are a very talented young man. I look forward to meeting you in l a
choked so hard on that gig
No, not WORSE than Green Death NyQuil. But tastes almost EXACTLY like it. Zicam yields good results, but will stick w/ tablets.
that's bogus...
"Down among the cranks and the misfits and the one lungers and the might have beens and the would bes and the never will bes and the- cont.
sup ....im back down south ... You back in rdg
lol oh no you have homemade pizza and strawberryshortcake ---feel my waist line expanding as we are talking
goodmorning how you
Thanks to all who helped us reach our goal! I want 100 more!! Can we do it? Of course we can. We're Karaoke MVP!
tea leaves are foaming mad... the tea is being over taxed...
Why not?
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout V
If that were my option, I'd stay home!
& isabel if you wanna continue our friendship, you're gonna have to forget about william levy&root for <3. Kay? Kay :*
God damnit Why do we have to like each other so much?
no, but I now want a pair :)
Lewis and Clark Obama Watch Party! Here we go...
Not too much at all. Have a good B-day?
He was only in his 30's. I think that's why I was shocked. You could tell he adored her.
Im now over 5000 followers. Thnks for the support
idgaf hoe they are the make you skinny If it wasn't for the prunes you'd be bloated bitch!😂
i freaking love !!!!
I can't, lol! RT : call box isn't working I'm outside!
“: U R teriffic!”thank you
You rise and you fall, and then you fall some more. Pick yourself back up, go back for more.
M&A Tip of the Day-A good way to test buyer seriousness is requesting a Letter of Intent (LOI)-it mentally commits all parties to the deal
u rock!
That's fake as fuck.
I really love this show. It makes me excited to trace my own family line:-)
This morning has been very productive. Go me!
Its really amazing outside. c:
Who's the loser watching Food Network and doing homework on St. Patrick's Day? THIS GUY!
I IS! WHY DO YOU ASK? :o
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away
thx for followin! Not sure on the date the romeo video will be out yet, but soon :)
Nobody gotta know and she was all into the kiss
Just want to work this out /:
Took a great class on script writing! Got to see a lot of what I learned from my director friend in practice.
#ThingsIdRatherHaveThanFlowers puppies, chocolate, icecream, beer, clothes, jewelry, massage, trip... basically anything...
So how is everyone on Tax Day? Any good news to share?
Omq I just had the worse dream ever.! I cant even sleep now im so scared
Jus another night
Came across a guy passed out at a party. Rather than draw dirty pictures on him with a marker, I woke him up & helped him get a ride home.
OK, people!.Today's the LAST DAY to vote for the lead actresses in a web series I'm producing. Visit www.whateverthesereis.com. Thanks!
It's not the 'principled obstructionism' as much as the total recalcitrance and lack of accommodation/compromise.
I just followed!!!(:
"Do You Remember the First Time" i went up to you and had the balls to talk to you at school C: god i will never forget that day! <3
By the end of the night I bet I will be conversing with Qui-Gon.
Less than one week from now........ Awesomeness. And stickers. Goodnight.
Isn't it cheating to call the #library for crossword puzzle answers? At least I got to school an elderly man on Amy Winehouse's rehab issues
i concur. families under increasing financial pressure , more children WILL B hurt
How yo fat ass gon order a # 1,2,3, and 4 then say you want a DIET coke ??? I dnt get it
that's excatly it your trying to make us believe there's something.there.
The #scientist #chipotle commercial was kind of cool
Ed sheeran was just on virgin radio i swear i had a heart attack almost
RT #JustRead A Sudden Country, by Karen Fisher--overall great, but characters hard to like and connect with.
Fuck stress, have sex.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😥
Did you get what you wanted for Valentine's Day? Let us know!
I wonder if uconn or rutgers could score a td with no defense on the field? Both of these offenses are inept...that o45 looking terrible
RT : Spend more time studying your customers than reading the latest tech magazines says
EASY: Buying a seasonal item. DIFFICULT: Buying a seasonal item for a different season.
Hi Mr. Garrity, Will there be any type of re-cap for those who missed it and would like to know? If so, where might I find it?
Let's go team USA !
Where was your favorite place you visited, explored, or vacationed at in the world?
good idea!
I know/: I'm just really upset.
Mr. Schuester is way too attached to these kids. You're a teacher, you're not new, get over it.
Thanks for over 4,000 followers!
I hate them almost as much as I hate Matt Barnes' face. How you been fam
Do you teach your kids about social causes or charities?
where you @?
