It's called a practice and not a perfection.
Bases loaded. Ryan Braun pops up and Moragn tags to win the game. 3-2
DROP BY KIDDO! ;)
#swankpoll - "Release the fish!"
Won another Step tournament on UB. Just a little closer to the WSOP Main Event.
students teach teachers too. So thank you! And and so many others!
This #LEGO Gears of War 3 #Lancer replica is mind-blowing.
that's how I first heard the song!
I just blasted peeps on fb & wanted to comment on CSN! Ahh! I'm so fuming!
Law Librarians - we'll be in Philly! Booth 631 with document and book scanners for archive and records solutions. #AALL11 for info.
Twitter needs a like button. :)
Thanks L'Enfant for a great lunch. See you all next week. Don't forget Trucko de Mayo tomorrow
Hahaha! That's what I'm watching!
UGH.....WHY DOES MY STEPDAD SMACK EVERY TIME HE EATS SOMETHING LIKE HE'S A BABY OR SOMETHING THATS EXTRA ANNOYING!!!...IJS
Just to be on the safe side I'm going to call other aunt-in-law tonight who lives in their city. Presumably she'll know.
oh also, that's after opening his profile by clicking his name. THEN hover his profile pic. def. easier to do in tweetdeck
sounds like a plan
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing it just waved! Haha!
hopefully getting this job at the casino :)
I do
oh I'm watchin wat to do& wat not to do when seeing mindless behavior (by:U)XD
good morning #ROC. 2nd day of Biz Kid$ camp will start shortly at Lake Riley!
is there excel questions on it?
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should. 3D films are a gimmick. Give me a good plot & character development
Weirdest fan gift?
Ugh..I hate passive agressive people!! it's really to early for her shit!!
Thank god for google. I can't imagine having all these weird questions and not having the internet to find answers.
School time!
I hate going to volleyball but I always love it when I'm there.
I watched that. So sad.
Allergies are so fun! Especially at 5:30 in the morning....
Yooo I love surprises ☺😏
Thx, so true : Your true home is in the here and the now. It is not limited by time, space, nationality, or race.
Woah ... Ham explodes in the microwave after being in there on high for 1 minute and 30 seconds !
Great info, networking at Desert Rose Writer's Conference!
yes perhaps :) if you promised to help us unpack a bit.
tired dude! I had to work last night till 11 and then I have to be in school!
#20ThingsAboutMe I ain't one to show when i'm mad but if you're trying to piss me off on purpose, you'll see the side of me you don't want.
Some of us Mormon Zionists follow you just for fun too!
that sounds amazing!! Have fun :-)
Sad that game ended. Now its go vandy and go vcu
hey girl! Im out n about runnin errands.
I miss so much :( Especially their wings
yeah it was on like stars or encore!!! I totally watched it too!! Miss you
haha, poster child!
Doe Someone Wanna Make Me A Naughty Long #Imagine Boutt Me && Carlos?? (;
Happy Birthday !
Lmao omg that made my night!
Will, you're more than welcome to join in. Don't be shy to stay up late tonight so you can ride tomorrow
hows the Penis Thrill Tavern tonight?
you still can be. hes making a #ComeBack soon. life just got really hectic
Herman Cain is the latest negrobot from the neo-Confederate assembly line made from the exhumed body parts of faithful old negro retainers.
Gotta check the schedule tho
whats a good time to get there..do they have snacks?..lol
We own a travel agency, so we are always traveling!
Choose the guy who will take you home to meet his family, not his bedroom.
whats up !! u got out the function ok?
Calling all homies: I'm home Wednesday night. I leave for Spain 10 days after that. Let's make the 10 days count.
Wisconsin Professional Police Association, the largest police union in the state, endorse Tom Barrett
Kentucky fans chant "1 and done! 1 and done!"
So sick of being played . Got to start finding myself some real friends .
Are you measuring a year?
"OVER ACTIVELY PISSED THE FUCC OFF"
Every time I watch Ace of Cakes I want to give up web design and enroll in culinary art school. Making those bad-ass cakes looks so fun!
i feel u on dhat.....im happy i live on dha side i live on now
RIP MCA. great rapper and pioneer of music
Lol I just had to!
We Love You Jasmine!!! :)
ALL the words first? I usually start w/ a fewof phrases that I have to bendto fit whatever music I come up with... CC
Just won my first college track meet
all its need is a big hadoop mascot on top of the building :)
"You wanna get high?"
Awesome! We will have to add it to the list.
#TastmakersKS I am looking interns in the LA area office. DM me 4 info. Looking 4 Social media, Programming, Marketing, Graphic Design.
We're having a severe coffee shortage in the office today. SEND HELP.
Tiger Woods has vaulted into contention at the Dubai Desert Classic, as he managed to squeeze out an even-par 72 in windy conditions.
okay holmes
yeah well your dog "blanks" the stick...
Hey book nerds. My client is one of the wittiest chicks I know. Two words: Jesus. Bobblehead. Check her out:
i dont know if you remeber but please follow
Over the years as I've improved my diet, I've lost cravings for bad foods. I think I've lost my taste for chocolate now. That's a good thing
come see me @ the taste this saturday at 10pm 6331 s lowe in (chicago, il) i have to tell you something in person!!!
I love when the Rangers wear their red jerseys. AND when CJ pitches. AND when they play Boston! What a good day
Hi Mary, I would like to share how you can benefit from Kanjoya's emotional tool to better understand your audience. Follow 2 DM?
thanks so much, andria!
i said white!!
y, traffic isn't too bad yet, come get in on some of the revelry
"My Klout score is 75 - Kim Kardashian is my friend on Facebook"..Klout's clearly wrong, that should obv reduce your score ; )
#industry night tonight- stop by for $5 wine, $5well drinks, $5whisky, $2 PBR, and $3 flatbreads. Finally, Monday is worth while
This stupid girl next to me at this restaurant is annoying the fuck out of me...
i'm busy, avengers you'll have to wait
Coach Spaz should have went for TD. If we missed, new QB would have been stuck at 1 yard line.
They don't seem to have openers listed yet. It's worthy of noting that presales are $45 tho!!! :-O
I love me some but the yoga portion is a little boring :/ I'm so add!
Liberated 5 clueless but beautiful butterflies who were trapped against glass wall at #WMATA station. Hoping they didn't fly right back in.
Using my voice. Awesome.
Did you have a filter on that or are those the real colors? Beautiful!
Nurture YOUR Nature.
CAI once again urges US Health and Human Services Dept to issue new rules re disclosure of #ChildAbuse fatalities promptly.
Thankful For You
I did cry. Lol
back at work. They had the heat off all week, so it is super cold in here! Wearing the coat and scarf. Wish I'd brought gloves. :(
when are we going to lady?
Which TPC did you play?
I agree about the "grassy" flavor from others. This is light and refreshing :) where do you find that?
Be safe everyone
As they looked out the window to the deserted new year, they knew at that moment nothing would be the same.
PLEASE DON'T your family is trash
depending on what time we get out, if it's 5 I'm not going
This two ton gal is resourceful and a survivor!
It will be hot ass hell if both LA teams make it to the conference finals
hey justin
we want u more! Thanks! “: we want u @ 12th & independence!!!”
Attn: Radio, Whisper by @ TheChrisMcLeod is coming your way in May
Fathers day weekend, if you do not already have the children, be on time, 6PM Friday at non custodial parents residence to pick up kids.
Bremerton entrepreneurs expand portfolio with Harvey's purchase - Kitsap Peninsula Business Journal
Didn't make it to class this morning? That's okay, we have mat pilates at 4:30pm & beginner yoga at 6pm
Cher hates Scott Walker. Gays, we have our orders.
whenever im hungover all i want is an endless supply of HiC Orange and shrimp from Red Lobster :( why isnt this happening
Tell Evan he needs to watch his voice level - use your inside voice Evan.
It's so beautiful out today, thank you Jesus for sun. ☀
Well, its 12 noon. The only thing that ended was my waba bowl... earth is still intact
That's funny
Bout to cuddle up in my bed with my popcorns. Order The Vow on Directv Cinema and relax! 😊
yes! Thank you. Was searching for it or something like it forever today.
Getting my rain gear together for an outdoor shoot... Anyone want to come hold an umbrella for me today??
#JayZSyncShow This is sick! More shows need to do this!
interested to know what Babson students are thinking re: social media. are these ideas posted on some website?
Only 5 hours left to receive 20% off your order! Use the coupon code MEMO in your shopping cart.
Yah- it lasted a good 10 seconds. All the windows shook. I just froze. Haha so not earthquake prepared!!
The pressure is all on NE. 0-2 last two home playoff games in the last two years. Remember NYG-NE rematch in '08?
Red Wings blew it big time tonight. C'Est la vie playoff streak. Better luck next year.
The ability for a company to be nimble and responsive in this economy is absolutely critical.
Just had a war eagle moment in Houston at the recycling center! #aualum #lovebeingauburngrad!
I need a 'rillo
Health Benefits of White Fruits &amp; Vegetables
Hey if you don't like face, screw it.
I felt that way about a jar of salsa last week.
I haven't been online for a while, sorry.
Glad I'm not alone lol
Safe travels mister! =D
kinda sucked but we're good with it, and now I have a reason to visit Shanghai. :-)
#19 I DESPISE math. I hate it with a passion. Can't do it for my life.
Thats where u and I differ because I would not put what he likes about my body above what I love or don't love
#WhenAustin smiles with his teeth :)
They're just over excited about being relevant again. They did the same thing when they beat UK in Dec. 1987=forever
WE HAVE ALL THE MARCH MADNESS YOU COULD EVER WANT ON OVER 70 HD SCREENS.
It's a shame for #Flyers fans that they treat playing the #pens as their
Please pray for the physically, sexually, and emotionally abused to find healing in Jesus!!!
whoooooow! I'll be rooting for your team!!! Good luck! :)
Dr. Pepper > Dr. Thunder > Piss > Dr. Topper
No problem (:
rocked it this morning! Great insight on how to get connected.
First Ignite video out on YouTube channel featuring Max
what about sex. what about telling me to fuck off. Your amazing and beautiful and hes not nice.
When She Was Just A Girl... She Expected The World
Good morning #ABQ!! How is everyone doing today?
“: Ready for the iPhone 5”
and the Terps. Did a ton of drinking that day.
Scherzer's no-no is broken up after 6 with a bloop single by R. Cano. 4-0 DET over NYY.
WE NEED TO GET ON OUR SHIT, DONT YOU THINK?
bike helmets in the freezer= bad idea....oops
Hope the snow doesn't make my evening Cincy roadtrip a nightmare....
in a state of relaxation and anticipation
Excellent start to the game #Mavs...oh wait
not the famous ice cream from the dorms haha classic
Mom Muslim,auntie christian ,cousin Catholic,friend Jewish..they all said L,A we going pray for u..I feel good
30 year?! You've been holding out on me....
RT : Jamming w/u on iPhone app.
its just the right amount
Central waters beer dinner this evening. Quail bratwurst, softshell crab, confit pork belly. Seats available. $60. 5 courses.
: forgot to ask you for blogger's pick and Daniel's pick for May. I know, a bit slow this month!
Clearly an early adopt of journalism in a diversified info stream - world needs more meaning not more data
that fuck yeah moment when you helped a college friend do their homework
I wish that all of the #Kardashians would go away.
I'm riding on last minute cramming, pure luck, and prayer for this AP test tmrw.
Do you think college students should be allowed to conceal and carry on campus? Some states allow it. Oklahoma does not.
Though the #Mariners occasionally hit the ball with bat, the baserunner does not move.
So great to see at Barclays International Women's Day. Awesome panel.
Soo me and decided to name our boobs. Mine: Gabriel & Gabriella. Hers: Alexander & Alexandra xDD
miss you.
Bet Mr Rogers is pissed. RT Kim Kardashian Goes to Washington
Make it rain!!
Taking the son to for his birthday dinner tonight. Looking forward to shrimp tacos and a cold one!
Pierre Gonnord will be at Hasted Kraeutler from 1-6 p.m. Visit Hasted Kraeutler today and learn more about the work from the artist.
that show is so addictive it's great!
thanks for sharing "Kristofferson" tonight at Mike's, and listening to one of my songs! Great to hear your experience.
this dude don't know real bars. He like to see niggas dancing on stage. He won't say I won a battle 2 save his life
I'm glad someone else has said it, I have been saying for years the G-men need the throwback 1986 uni for their alternate jersey. Not Red!
Smoke a pound!
because gay
what a low life. lol make fake accounts.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
George Lucas is like a middle aged man wearing his letterman jacket to pick up chicks.
Even dykes say Hey!! So chow down on Chik-fil-A!!
Ur buyin the first round of Starbucks.
cool. I got a baby sleeping, I'll tweet you when I'm inbound to make sure you are still there.
If I awake tomorrow, I will have something to say.
Pls fund the Library Services & Technology Act at $184.7M & Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at $28.6M
See why Library Bookwatch calls "Scientific Publishing"- "...an invaluable addition to personal, professional, academic...collections."
I just love Lunch time Traffic...😡😡😡
is putting together our Thanksgiving shopping list...David is coordinating it from Indy. I better go get some wine. :-)
Think about this in terms of your practices. "Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of mental laziness." - ⁰Tim Ferriss
RT : Join us at 1:30 PM MST for Designing Holograms as Learning Spaces in Virtual Worlds #2012TCC Worldwide Online Conference
#YouGetPointsIf you like me for who I am and don't try to change me into something I'm not
He just turned 17, and he has Nialls face (yes, he looks like Niall), he had Harrys height, and Liams voice and hair (but blonde)... I died!
New ISO HASH OIL $5 Dabs are now available at Tea Pot!! We also have ISO by the gram so stop by today to see what else is new! We'll see ya!
THE THINGS PEOPLE DO!!
LOL "Oh you wear sunglasses inside? It must be sunny on planet cool."
On way to a murder mystery tonight..hope I'm not part of the show!
Today is the official release date of the Someone Like Me audiobook! I listened to it for the first time last night and it is amazing!
I was surprised by the selection of SK+G. I think the "trash can" could have gone viral too...
So what do you write?
aye if you guys have a PS3 then you guys should add mii @ the rocker or gamechoo
I can also. ;-) Just sayin.
& now I can follow which is good; he's on Curtis's thesis committee & following him might be good writing karma.
NO OMG GIMME SOME
Tomorrow is National Boss Day and Sweetest Day. Wouldn't your boss or sweetie love some chicken?!
damn straight! ha ill be releasing it soon. ill let you know :) what kind of music do you like?
This thursday 8-12p door only$5 at door ,$10 vip happy hour til 9p live music from . We support local music!!!
Each age has deemed the new-born year
Re: Galapagos -- Yikes. Keep us posted,
Brain Hacking gets my vote for most entertaining presentation at #hcfla, but not the most belieavable one :-)
: yea sound cool with me// k
Excited for my ebook! How to enjoy food at your lowest natural weight. The AMAZING doing the template. YAY!
Preparing for my Big Gay American RoadTrip! #Roadtrip From LAX to BUF..
No app this year, just an awesome mobile version of our website!
#SDSU: Follow for live updates on the #ASDebates today
thanks man lol!
ive be planking all day!
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve = pay.
can I decide to skip my afternoon job???
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade sound good to me
Great rehearsal tonight for with and - come see us tomorrow nt!!! 8 pm :)
Your Twitter bg just SLAYED me. Too good. Well played.
haha i did the saME exact thing this morning...
yea thanks i appreciate it. changed it up. locking it up like fort knox.
cool, I'm a lover not a fighter :)
Crrrraaaappppp. Left my food at home :(
sorry Niki! let me know some time frames and I'll try my best to be there ;)!
I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE BEFORE RT : A Delta Airlines flight at Midway is under quarantine. Following for updates.
It's a lot easier to root for the Red Sox if you don't pay attention to anything but the games. Not the owners, media, manager or players.
ha glad im not the only one, the guy told me to expect a call tonight
thats not that bad compared to my tests I did today!!(:
what books/study materials do you recommend to get started in trading?
MT It's Children's Book Week & we're pondering: What's the best children's book of all time? Share & we'll RT our favorite responses.
I really dislike backstabbers.
you're right, although Thai Me Up is actually a funny Thai pun. Didn't go in. Might be an Indian place?
is gone again :(
"The bed is awesome, the view spectacular, and we love how you combined the old with the new to make a comfortable and eclectic suite."
#firstdayofsummer and #MarkStuartDance is getting prepared for !
No matter how much I love someone, I'll never let them walk over me.
we'd be happy to e-mail you over some info on Fleapay! Its a very simple system and could be perfect for some projects!
Congrats to Newport News , VA Schools! Can't wait to join the tours!
The phone # is 877 677-4333. But I would like to send two books for free as a thank you and help on your spiritual journey.
Happy to do so. Try to make it out Thursday night. It should be crazy. It's a disco party in a gentlemens club. Think about it
hacked by the lovely princess Kat :*
'Paranormal Activity 2' takes the lead in box office with an est. $20.1 mil on Friday.
“ I instantly get lazy when its time to study”
You and Genuwine were played at EVERY hairshow in Chicago in the 90's!! Lord....
ok Kool! Text Me when! :p
how did I miss your follow?! sorry about that! so nice to see you on twitter. how's it going? :)
Yeah, I found that out as well. I think it's a combination. Day is good, just getting off work. How's your day?
Is Nag Champa really supposed to be an aphrodisiac or does it only work on hippies?
Beyond exhausted
WHORE! Oops, sorry. I forgot, you don't get paid... SLUT!!
I am proud to know you
ugh i just started singing and my mom already texted me to shut up -__-
Aww, thanks Dan!
Drain deep fried foods on brown paper grocery bags as opposed to paper towels to retain crispness.
LOL RT : only player for miami looking good tonight is chris bosh.
OMG, what does she say? "I relate to this character so much!"
Usher - so close, don't stop RT : Who sings that so "there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to u right now
Looking forward to seeing you! And hearing ALL about the race!
where are u from beautiful??
Glad to hear mom was happy yesterday! :D
Let me get a shoutout ??? :1
where are these classes? i want in!
too much work... not enough play... I am having to write songs in my head for the next week... sounds pretty cool up there though!
Day 8 on my HCG diet & I've lost 7 pounds at a stand still, Craving chocolate so bad while I sit here & do a few custom orders:)
hehe me too :D
Catch Me On The Block Or Ah Hood Near You
Have an awesome day yourself!
...Just realized I'm about to ride a brown bike with a white seat through foggy public deer hunting land...
Notice me :(
Keep making it happen... Enjoy the flight to Edmonton...
Dale Hunter fired as Caps coach? This is why they'll never win a cup
I just moved next door to HSE & I look forward to watching this season play basketball
Passing through Perry, GA. I wonder if is around for a drink.
Stop by our booth #904 and learn more about the new PBS series Great #Libraries of the World!
Just saw a surgeon in the cafe with an Elvis lunchbox.
Our problems are scaling at a faster pace than our ability to solve them. Scale of change has CHANGED
okay, makes sense. And okay, I'll answer myself then hahah
Come hear Matthew Schruers of the Georgetown Law School speak on Intellectual Property this evening in Car Barn 311!
Queen Victoria is coming to the museum on Saturday to have tea with our visitors. Anyone else want to join us? 317-636-5409
Hope I didn't mess up by texting back 😣
Over it!
That was almost you had mom not pulled the plug on the vist! Awesome story!
Brushing up my #SFIV skills in preparation for #SFxTekken in March. Linking still good. Struggled with Guy's #23 challenge. Need practice.
oh! yeah, did you photograph them?
That ride was good
Headed to a librarian meetup at skinny's still 8, will go wherever after. Let me know where you're headed.
Join us at Jovitas on Wed and Swan Dive on Friday.
aww. Well I hope it's ok! <3
Yuppity puppity. It was very beautiful. Opened for Frankie Rose. PS: I miss BAR.
True story: My mom wore her ocarina necklace to work and a coworker asked what it was. My mom told her, "It's an ocarina, it plays music".
Bingo. RT : Gun show? Dude. Manual buzzer, where art thou? That wasn't even Hackoff material.
potlucks @ work r always fun, irritating when u see the people that didnt bring shit eating up everything, more then the people that did!lol
Dance Craze, right?
Thanks to my customers at GreenFlea Market yesterday!..Best seller: Mango/Tamarind, and the new Peanut/Kale sauce!..Have a Great week,LUV:)!
There was the name VINNY FUSCO in closing credits of something , i IMMEDIATELY thought of MINNY . ♥ #TheICONicThings -
Dayummn. When you want to say it to that person. But you're afraid of the way she feels ain't the same.
The World Health Organization went on high alert, dispatching top experts to the United States and Mexico
rehearsal started at 6!! Get your ass down here!!!
Lets go then!RT : nah ur a scared little pussy!
so much for a big inning
♂Things That Men Say: You are a fighter, except you're real cute...
First game of the tournament and there is already madness! Haha this is going to be a grey tournament.
Join me now at Brewers Game Chat #brewers #brewtownsports (link) via
'yo mr. jobs you see ima mac, but im rollin deep like adele'
who the f is that? hahaha
Just got home from the taping of Had an awesome time there! did a WONDERFUL job rockin' her new song 'Pretty' :)
Chilling with my girls (:
Who is Mary Poppins?
Well it's late IDK WHAT I AM GONNA DO TOMORROW I GUESS MAKE SOME MORE YOUTUBE VIDEOS ARE MAYBE DOWNLOAD ALOT OF SONGS IDK
Girl yes! #blessed QT : Me & can talk about anything man... #True friend
alaways tweeting what's happening
hehe, you're welcome. ;)
Yummy! RT : The kids got me some amazing cookbooks & the first recipe I flip to is Chocolate Irish Cream Cheesecake. trouble...
What you weren't totally wrong about is just how tasty this Kool-Aid is.
Happy Sunday somaphonites. Stay warm from the weather. BUT Stay cool with your very own Somaphony shirt! www.somaphony.com
Wow!!! Sorry!!“: said he introduced u and rhea...known brad since his oakleys on tball field”
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort & convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge & c ...
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Absolutely not because you already look cool without it.
if u had time to tweet about it, its not that urgent. Please stop blowing things out of proportion.
You're very welcome!
good busy you?
I can't settle my mind...
When nothing goes right,
and where might his tie have gone?
Bye, OR7. reports 1st gray wolf in CA in nearly 90 years headed back into Oregon yesterday.
Such a beautiful day ☀
Come check out DFTO's next show in on Saturday 9/24 in Manchester, NH - Its gonna be phenomenal!
Just a p.s.....ARILLEN-BLAYLOCK will one day be a household name. You heard it here first!!
city vs u
Phew, I'm not the only geek.
I go to both. But I'm not going to just go because everyone else is going. You have to go because you LOVE the music.
FILM! zeitgeist: FILM! zeitgeist: FILM!
I don't understand why people lower their expectations after they're dumped. They should raise them, if anything.
How do I create a landing pages that earn the most amount of money?
Checked your e-mail recently?
I suppose it does. I use "reaper" in the bar before that one, tho. Freudian Slip? What's that?
Johan #Galtung was interviewed on a few days ago, Amy #Goodman is pleased to get to see him face to face today!
Um, what the heck was that on Fox 6 just now? Wrestling? Fighting Birds? All of the above? Total awesomeness! Cinco de mondo Lucha!
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
Hey girl, thank you so much! That just brightened my evening :) You ROCK!! What's new in your world?
gett so high i mean so high got all bad bitches around me
hey Madison! How r u in LA? Hope ur having fun! I💙u
I FOLOWED ...Please Follow me or else I Will Set Fire to the rain lol Jk Love u Adele <3
I'm about to read some of 's book How to Get Out of Your Own Way. There's a lot of wisdom in here.
Glad to know we get to spend the last hour doing stupid shit just because you want to.
Never cheat on a woman that holds you down when no one else does.
Looking forward to Explaining The Myths and Misperceptions of Online Course Evaluation. Washington Lecture Hall, tomorrow at 1:45
Have fun!
Had a blast with at the Literacy Love Poetry Performance at the Kennedy Center tonight. Great job scholars!
follow back please???
Our #muppetoscars dream has failed. Oh well, maybe they can host the Tony's.
You lucky I love you.
ohmy goodness. You gained 20 followers in one day?!
Thanks for helping promote our project! Hope your students love it :)
My fridge is so bare. Time to hit up the store.
this is perfect
"purpose aforethought"...I always loved that phrase. It can be applied in many areas, not just the law.
Oops...thanks
Ah, good to know! I'll try calling today and see if they could help.
Dont go down,the slide backwards dumb bitch
Great catching up with you and tonight Hope to see you guys again during #SDBW. Cheers!
I don't mean to always be a bitch, I mean everything in the best way possible.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 6. Share your accreditation.
Seeking experienced Cataloger for immediate long-term opportunity in San Diego, CA! Millenium experience required!
Back to back threes pull #Badgers within 1. 48-47
- ex: w/o helmet & street clothes = "novice" - cars avoid by 4+ ft.; w/helmet & cycling kit = "expert" - cars avoid by <6".
Its on USA network!!
ehh I don't know how to feel.
From #CNN Atlanta Fire Department is at the scene of Tyler Perry Studios for a 3-alarm fire
Black People Soo Slow.
Hello to my new followers! ♥
What your affiliation with one Luis Daniel Rodriguez?
I DO like gooey! I will have to try that trick!
the only problem with your statement is that there must be a prior knowledge to learn from. You cant start a fire without a spark
They got a solid dude ... a real Champ. Congrats!
its totally true
I just now got officially put in the system! I should have shifts starting next week. And feel free to call me in!
Thanks Anthony
Lehigh, could it be? Hope so!
damn that sucks I usually drive to the place to pick my stuff up
no this girl did not do an OOTD on top of a toilet
#roadron #sportingkc It appears that way on TV. I love the Cauldron
It is on NOW!!!! The KCA's I mean.
it's the afternoon lil head
If likes fangirls, then he'll love .e forever <3 (:
Congrats to on , and good luck in the opener tomorrow!
Eddy Curry back?
"In the time we have it is surely our duty to do all the good we can to all the people we can in all the ways we can."
and also being with athletes when they do what they normally do in a locker room #yougotme?
So glad to finally have cable after two weeks, now I can get back into the loop with
and in a bout that could be the main event on anyone else's card, 10-1 Ramon Valadez vs. 6-0 Kevin Hoskins.Tickets priced at $50
That's mesmerizing. Good find!
The 90's called and I told them I want them back.
put up the pink tinsel christmas tree today!
you right, you right.
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!
Do you know any legal way this #Varepublicans ultrasound bill signed by mcdonnell can be overturned? Like, constitutionally?
Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
#elifocus Chuck Dzubian says "analytics is a way of thinking"
All right! Can you ask a number of people (the same people who follow you) to follow me, please? Thanks
Don't forget to stop by Alumni Hall for the Basketball Viewing Party as the men's team takes on NC State in the ACC Tournament today at 2pm.
Sending a fellow artist some love and support to your feed!
. It was wonderful spending THE UNSEEN GUEST #bookbday with you, Lizzie! And with my new BFFs at Great day!
At the airport in United Kingdom !
200 followers reached
earing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
Images with max-width: 100% that are well above the device resolution already display with a higher pixel density?
it's also OU/Tex weekend. Trying very hard to decide which to do...we already have tix to MM! Arrrgh!
#HermanCain on #DailyShow faux #InsideTheActorsStudio -- is this really happening?! Is this real?! What?! How?!
Any tweeps graduating and looking to move to Houston? I may have a job lead for you! DM me for details.
Also, I had a weird dream that Bruce Springsteen gave me his hat, and I gave it to you because you really wanted it.
I just watched the newest episode of Ellen and was so excited to see your cheery face on the television screen Hugs :)
Thank you!!
": A grandson!!" Congrats! That's wonderful!!!
missed #blendedlibrarian webcast due to miscalculation in the time change, hope it will be archived for viewing!
one of the best players in the league ... Period
Interviewing students for Hillel service learning trip. So inspiring to hear their commitment to social justice.
Laboratory Dance Project from South Korea making West Coast debut tomorrow through Saturday @ Lincoln Performance Hall. Tickets starts @ $20
Get ready! In 7 minutes I will be giving away Kelly's CD Stronger and a chance for the grand prize! Know this word "Funday"!
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
i got back yesterday
Thanks for the mention and your coverage The survivor you interviewed was given voice thru the story.
Ben has been up since a little after 4:30am.... :/ at least he is ready for
It's sorta been mixed reaction but I'll tell ya, he's losing the fanbase and the clubhouse fast.
Walking around looking for your phone when it's in your hand.
Thanks Selena, When you visit back in Pittsburgh have to buy you a cookie and a coffee @ Lili to catch up.
Still don't like the 17 3s LA shot. But let's finish it up Tuesday at Staples!!!
Hats off to the - the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 9-1 :)
George Lindsey, who played Goober Pyle on the Andy Griffith show and Mayberry RFD passed away Sunday. A good man who will be missed.
Ken Burns: The Tenth Innings is on PBS. There is nothing better in sports than a David Ortiz walk-off homer helmet flip.
Greg Jennings: " . . . if he (Favre) shows up in that purple jersey, then he's the enemy now."
RT Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Last time I checked, the current Heavyweight Champ(s) and most of the top contenders are white.
Okay! You're welcome. Happy I can do something to help!(:
Rad times were had for sure. RT an exclnt party time was had by this one!
Forecast for Tonight: Isolated thunderstorms this evening. Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds around 10...
congrats and welcome to an amazing school!
lol you cheated!
Happy Mothers Day to all the single.mothers out there doing da Damn thang
upcoming Aria & Siri bridal trunk show!!! Feb 10-12. Book your appointments now!
the fuck you trying to say?
This Frosty hit the spot!
Hey guys
I learned great messages today
RT : Inspiration Thursday: Live for what tomorrow will bring you, not for what yesterday has taken from you.
had a few drinks after busting the main then jumped into a 25/25/50 PLO game. sit down as is leaving; obv lose 3way $1500 flip..
cant believe a boy from the school round the corner from me have became close and i just found out he like Austin Mahone, omg! im happy!!!!!
Big Bowl is doing #local #organic #sustainable ! They walk the walk.
There's just no way Albert Pujols can be this bad all year long unless he's hiding an injury.
right, funny part is I said what I meant and I meant what I said. This city really make me wanna turn cold (the old me) again
Over 1000 followers on twitter now! Thanks everyone.
It's funny you say you like "to party" how many parties have you actually been to or even got invited to.
Hey, me too!
They're moving it? Oh no.
this is it.. i finally decided im doing my online 2012 x factor audition. <3
If you like playing with a kitten and a string, you should try a dollar bill and a crack whore! Hours of fun!
Just saved a client $184,000 out of 2.3mil by changing simple material and design items to be more efficient! Now they can build more!
Wtf Is Coach Problem, Puttin Slow MF in My Heat Knowin I'm Fast AF!
Out for lunch with my mommy(:
If you write this one, recommend Berkeley Square for Downton Abbey moms.
That heart attack moment wen ur mom borrows ur phone "what if she opens my inbox ,my photos , my EVERYTHING"!!
Ctrl by Janet Jackson
Thanks for retweeting!
Ground and pound....ha ha
jim is giving me a quiz on typography terms.
We had another great day
Shouldn't be surprised. Feel sorry for the good people of Ward 8 that are stuck with him.
Guess I'll get up and put on some clothes!!! 😉😘😜
Yes, the "courage" it takes for public officials is to discriminate & retaliate Autistic disabled who request accommodations
Thanks for following us! Have a great weekend!
RT : When will your Administration reverse its irresponsible approach to domestic energy production?
Thanks for #FF, ! I'm ALWAYS missing my San Diego PR ladies!
Just discovered Josh Rouse- great musician. Check out 'El Turista'- written after he spent half a decade in Spain
RT : #CEO carrier panel partner w value based #3pl, see decent #shipping volumes continuing through 2012.
WTH is 0400 ??? What's it for?
BTW if you weren't at last night to catch you missed out! don't be such a slacker next time ;)
play off tickets I Want
Thank you very much!
wahhhhh today is the longest day EVER.
The parade was a huge success this year thanks to all of you. Thank yous, photos and responses to tweets to come after my wrap up meeting!
You can't wear coral.
If you comment on that bmore QB, the terrorists have won..
RT : Ya'll Pay Win, We Play To Win mixtape/viral album coming. This will have to be on iTunes Homie
Marry me ?
I'll watch for it.
I wish I could roll with you in a chopper to meet him that would be awesome
It was the second consecutive month that new defaults rose.
So Christie is having a press conference to announce he is not running.. haven't we already heard that a few times before?
Modesty is the artifice of actors, similar to passion in call girls. ~ Jackie Gleason
guessed! :) me too! im in the process of recording my own song! :)
Just filmed our opening duet monologue of Rip Tide for Bay News 9! Look out for and I on your tv screens for the next few weeks!
#FirstDateRules Brush yo' damn teeth AND tongue!
I Told Her Play Her Role & Turn The Moment 2 A Movie/Premiere Party/ I Fuck Her Then I Watch Her Do Me<<<That Give A Bitch Wings
RT : Sure sounds like Cards have picked up a new cornerback. MT : O yeah by the way I'm #Birdgang now west coast
Well well he's truly looking out for me, we got off the time the bus was leaving and guess it was late. Weekend back on schedule
well that mcdonalds was good
Professional tip: don't open that link to an news story during committee if it says "AP VIDEO" and your sound is on.
Tendra cojones the people at #aha2012 to reverse their proposed 30 delay for patients to have access to their health record?
The Fringe one is cool, and I love the IT Crowd opening...fits the show perfectly!
in #NYC till Thursday!
Chestnut brown from black
F-!! LOL .. Wish I could put make that bold. 
Give me the 1000th tweet, I don't have any followers!
When I thought that I'd finally found a decent stylist at Hair Cuttery, they tell me he no longer works there. Poo.
link not working
Very cool Imagine this a the mall... Interactive kiosk/digital displays for advertising campaigns
: Lmaaaao me &&d my friend aint did shxt to you &&d IDK!
Act like a lady think like a boss
I LOVE THAT SONG
Travel safe ma! Hit me up when you land. I'm coming to LA on the 19th.
Don't forget to sign up today for tomorrow's West End Streak! $5 per person Urban Adventure Race and the first team finished wins $300
I'm on a caffeine crash. Still 3hrs of work, and I'm pulling an all nighter.
I want to start a yoga class
that works! I'll see ya then.
The Super Mystery Jackpot Sond Contest jackpot that can be won if you sing the right song on Tuesday night is $80 !
wow....you must have done something bad in a previous life...
If you are interested in serving during the Easter weekend , please let me know. We NEED you!
um most likely :/ lol you'll be there !! Right
well you have the degree eval (detailed view) to go by if u need help.
thanks and have a great weekend sweetie
Grapefruit is good.
what up ma????...thanku and happy friday 2 u well....
A wise person profits by his mistakes. 賢い人はころんでもただでは起きない。
Thanks. Your agents showed that the daytime flights betw San Diego and Boston come back on June 21. Must be seasonal!
: what happened?what did I miss? why are you talking about ethics and loopholes? Is this a clue or a problem?
The beauty of a steady practice (Bikram) is that every day is a new day. Let go of the bad days, be present & have faith and patience.
I feel 10000000x better after talking to becca though
Always! Thanks for reading the blog! :) Enjoy your special day!
We're @ St. Francis Hospital w/ Dr. Stern talking about sinus & allergy health!
ever since the Weber BS everyone think they can get away with murder and will only have to pay $2500 for it.
Congrats Nicole!
Talked on the phone till 2 :* got only a lil bit of sleep , nowww school...
Ah, thank you! It's definitely a hard lesson to learn.
get ready to come check us out only
So yeah has a fetish with braces, I still gotta a chance (y)
let me know when you can come back in.
uh, I hope so. Otherwise there will need to be a lot of explaining to do. ;)
haha so you want to be an alcoholic. It is no easy task. Besta luck to ya
I've probably typed this messaged out at least a hundred times.
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;
bring back Cheers
Is Joakim Noah the only player in the NBA whose charity is art? You gotta love him for that.
GO PACK GO
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need to explain the Mystery & simply EnJOY it.
Next time we will make it all work out. I go to Disney in July. “: I wanna see ! :(”
in a flash
Happy for my bro living the dream
is my morning playlist...this is how I get ready EVERY morning. you sexy beast!! <3 ;)
I'm way outta your league.
i know!!! We need to get John to do it!!
I just popped a zit on my liver.
I disagree the cupcakes. Airlines are you charging more money for customers that are too large. Americans are too fat
I'm slackin today. I need to get motivated
well thats nice, ignore me for 6 months..
Ouch! RT My "Germans-Pearl Harbor" Animal House reference went over the heads of many who emailed-tweeted for a correction.
Thanks everyone for coming to our party today!
Spider studios this weekend!
Just got great news!!!! Thank you Jesus!
Oh good! ;o)....hopefully their forecasts offer more sunshine & warmer temps...let me know if I can help out. ;o) ~JR
I gotta run a few errands after work but I really just wanna go home & cook dinner.
Mhmmm. It's okay until we're taking a nose dive for the water! Maybe I can drive or take a boat.
Happy Friday to all! I hope you have a great day and weekend planned!
Studying a menu.
Then off to the library to finish my computer final project!!
PACKERSWAVE!!KEEPTHE WAVE GOING GO PACK GO!!!L-E-T-S GOPACKERS!LET'SGOL-E-T-SGOPACKERS!L-E-T-S-GOGO PACK GOPACKERSWAVE:KEEPTHEWAVEGOING!!!!
Money Dont Fall In Yo Hands You Gotta Know How To Make It!
dude, thanks! We will look into it or sure! Got some stuff brewing!
Check out the balance bracelets at http;//www.BeBalancedEnergy.com. Combine negative ions and holograms. Unique!
Cooling in class w; Jass
I was having a theatre overload.. hehe
“: , bcuz I have no one to talk to!
"I don't know much about algebra, but I know one plus one equals two And it's me and you, thats all we'll have when the world is thru"
Thanks for following. My research interests are in #culturalcompetence in the workplace. I now look forward to your Tweets!
Nice depending upon size of audience. “: #shehechat A3: old school, foamcore boards.”
What have yinz picked up on ?
Learning about someone's past and feeling extremely inferior. 😢
This weather is weird! Mmhhhh what a summer!!
My pilot script is out to it's first person in the biz!
Magical, you and I.
Langers #19 is the best sandwich in the world
Happy to be of service.
Video: Thome, Contreras play in intrasquad game Phillies' Jim Thome and Jose Contreras saw action in a minor-league intrasquad scrimmage
Lord help me. I can't keep doing this. Plz order my steps
I have an audition for titanic the musical what should I sing for it? And also into the woods I'm a bass baritone
lots of action swirling round - red paint everywhere, interviews, and in the house, starring in stand-up video
Nothing makes me want a relationship to fail more than matching profile pictures. -- MensHumor
Any #sportsbiz professionals located in NYC? Would love to connect in person depending on our schedules.
ya its hot 16hrs is a good time 2 tak a walk.
Fantastic show at IRCE with BigCommerce!
lol I was doing hw though..you just straight ignored me smh
I cant watch this game with Chris Collinsworth, terrible.
(D) All of the above?
please follow me?
- Well deserved praise, talented lady! Have a great weekend! Xo =)
The #Oden curse has been lifted!! BIG win tonight #Blazers! #1-0 AO
No matter what happens, I will always love you.
Watching a video! I love him
Trading my Redrock Microcage builders kit for a Blackbird steadicam system...good trade?
Well the old eyes are having a hard time staying open, so I'll say good night. Hope every one has a great day tomorrow later! ;-))
It's not right, but its okay I'm gonna make it anyway.
on the other hand Tech N9ne at the rave..
let's get real, the rangers beat ottawa an 8 seed, I'll admit philly killed the Pens. Their the favorite
A clear sunny day in the 'hood.
Imagine. Expand. Develop. Build!
I haven't used Camtasia for years, so I don't know. Probably not as easy in Camtasia Connect is drop dead simple
's #salty tweets >>>
More advertisers bail on Limbaugh WASHINGTON - Radio host Rush Limbaugh said his apology to the Georgetown law student whom he called a "
Yup! Pretty sweet
So does anyone think pur 1st round pick was a good cheesy move, or a bad cheesy move?
He was clearly out where was BV?
Hi Jelena pleasure to meet you at the Xbiz Awards last night. We spoke near the end about your classic beauty look & the biz
": You know, THE ?" I might even invite him to my wedding. Via Skype.
Such is life
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer♥
Sleep deprivation.
My favorite Pareto optimal SCOTUS conference rule: Nobody speaks twice until everybody speaks once.
We would love to DM you about our twitter rate, please follow us so we can do so. Thanks!
There has been talk of that happening, but there would have to be political will to discuss it.
"I walk down to buy her flowers, and sell some gifts that I got. Can't you see - It's not me you're dying for." ::ben folds five::brick::
Great news, Amit. Have a great day!
What are your thoughts on the refs' calls so far?
Many thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes!!! I feel so special today :)
Beloit recruiting in TX?
forget my last tweet I sent you if you saw it... I will vote for RNG 500 times each week even if you don't follow me. I love you.
Thanks to everyone congratulating me on my new #coach status :)
What to tweet, what to tweet
If Walker's GOP primary gets more voters than the contested Dem primary, expect to be reminded of it frequently by his campaign.
You know something is seriously wrong when you confuse rack city chick for a Justin Beiber song
Open access that sucker, please!
Hello world.
The Pioneers claimed the No. 3 seed in the SBC Tournament. They will play the winner of No. 6 South Alabama/No. 11 Troy on Sunday, March 4.
It's rollin today already are you rollin with it are stepping to it with what is real..speak truth and the love will follow.
Seems like you're hacked pal... change the password ASAP
It's alright!! It's ok! There's something to live for! Jesus told me so!
Shark has been jumped. : Glee Casting Surprise! Lindsay Lohan in Talks to Guest Star ://t.co/HqyemYhI
Come on New York seriously u had to lose again #sadtweet 😱😔😞😖😥😰
amazing! Congrats to the entire program.
U good
Believe it or not my front teeth hurt for biting that donut with these braces D':
FUN at the wonderful Nordstrom Rack! Great deals and great people!
Head in the clouds, but my gravity's centered.
"If you find out you've got a fan who's got 10,000 twitter followers, call em up. Take em to lunch." - Peter Gotcher
I'm not a customer, but offers a successful #mobile experience to those affected by power outages. Good job! cc
I've been trying to do one page of homework for about 7 hours now lmao... I'm the laziest motherfucker alive..
The easiest choice to make is no choice at all.
academic interview schedules are crazy. mine was a similar set up. suspected it was partly an endurance test. good luck! :)
I wonder if dropped out of Avon again?
Are you a hater if you hate on haters?!?
Love my job:-)
#vagina monologue
Woke up so grateful to the Mighty God
god i hope so
Fantastic day piloting the improved Magnetic Leadership programme based on participant feedback. Thanks to all involved especially NdV & PvB
did you SEE the trailer for Paranormal Activity 3? E! FREAKS ME THE F out!
Meet your speaker candidates: Jacob Vandever
Back hurting
were heading over there now
true story bro
Summer means that it's time for an inordinate amount of classic rock.
Throat is sore. Bodies aching. At least I don't have aids
Happy Easter Hope the bunny treats you all well!!
she's just three of them
Someone farted on the bus, not cool dude, not cool at all.
idk yet gotta set sum up
People who don't know baseball shouldn't talk baseball.
I LIKE HOW U FILLED MY TIME LINE UP
Jayvin will hopefully learn his lesson today
Editor of Oregonian: what differentiates young reporting candidates is critical thinking. Tech skills are assumed.
Why is it always the same stroker's who screw up a race? David Reutirmann?
Right! Add me on facebook Anthony Nano
Ugh!! I feel I deserve better & have GREAT potential BUT im impatient... & when I don't see results I get discouraged!!
Poland Springs of course :-P
Next up is Tom Jones' Documentation: the What, Why, and Where.
Thx RT : Happy Thursday closer to the weekend!
are you announcing it on ustream?
Chicken, beef or vegetable?
Lesson learned: Don't add sugar to egg whites til meringue starts to stiffen. Otherwise, liquid meringue. RT : How was your weekend?
Appreciate your Mom/Dad no matter what, because many don't have parents, many don't know who they are, & many lose them without warning...
Support food drive on May 12 to help us on our mission to end homelessness!
Look out! is back in the Brew city, so I'm headed out with all the guys tonight for the 1st time in awhile, can't wait!
RT : Honesty works both ways you know
Let me know if you need a mix for your new record.
lovely. thanks!
I love your one shots ! That is all. k, bye :D
I wish waterproof eyeliner was also allergy- and rubbing-proof.
Where I'm headed- public hearing on proposed new elem. school on the site of Mays Chapel Park. Neighbors want to keep the park
a guy laying down with no shoes on the Max...classic. I missed public transportation :)
Stoked I can get Ethiopia Harrar #CloverBrew at ! One of my fave varietals. Bring back Sanani!
You Were Awesome Dancing In The VMA's!!!!! Great Dancing!!!!! :)
The Dentist: You have a small mouth like a baby! Lmao
"black dude wasted"
These #AngryBird bandaids will destroy the cut on my thumb like the birds destroy ice, wood, and bricks.
do you have a passport that someone can overnight to you?
A garage still hazy after being pumped full of carbon monoxide? “: If happiness is a warm gun, what is sadness?”
This Easter, 3 generations of family gathered around computer to with my cousin serving overseas. I love
David McCann is doing that already.
Our fall students are at plantation and Poas volcano today. Amazing coffee and incredible views...that's #CostaRica!
Week, so its going to be a busy one. Thought I'd see how all of you are doing. Let me know how you are and what your working on!!
So excited about the wind ensemble,watching them set up #cantcontainit!
and i didn't mean that in a "i hate myself for liking one direction" kind of way but in a "i hate myself for not listening to atl atm" way
I'm about to cry! That's the cutest thing ever 😍😘
Very nice playing with you today! You played well, and I am pretty sure you will have a good year at the tables! Take care!
Thanks for the follow. Are you down in Austin for SXSW?
Working late from home. Fun!!!
aww thanks you too!
How important/serious of sports/advertising event is it really if Nike does not run an ad?
Thanks for the follow!
I'm in love with "Baby" by justin bieber, he is simply amazing.
I'm just not feeling well all together
Looking for wellness video clips that we can send to end-users via emails etc. Any ideas??
I think its time ..... Goodnight tweetheads sweet dreams.
Anyone else going to 's Deeper in .NET this Saturday? Come check us out!
Alright , Hahahaha what version of "faithful" is this? Cause I'm gonna get sweaty.
Ubaldo vs Darvish is a filth fest right now
Check out our website www.mirrorsleeves.com
Vegas Miami Kansas City back to San Diego … all within the next 7 days.
yes sir I am
thanks Jimmy..
#ReasonsWhyImSingle theres to many to name
Hi! Hope you are doing well... miss you talkin to you girly! =) <3
Nice to see a GA boy win the #Masters Congrats Bubba Watson!
Great post! This is still being taught in library school, at least the one with which I am familiar. Drives me crazy.
After 10 days in NYC I am ready to head back to PDX with a head full of ideas hope PDX is ready for a great summer of food.
LOL...Free is so seductive that it probably has bitten all of us...
We have the talent and EXPERIENCE to make a mark in this years tourney. #Go Aztecs!
I've Watched Madea's Xmas, 100xs, Just can't get enough of Hattie-Mae, please include that character in other projects!
But I will stop every 5-10 mins to check tweets by on state fair tragedy investigation.
hate to miss this one...we're coming for the 2nd half
I don't even know what the coaches like in the sub anyway
ditto. that was my first time. what did you think?
Tonight a live set from Vinyl Hours Radio with DJ Hobo Vault Martini Bar in Redlands! 21+ 9:30pm -1am free!
Are you involved with the We're Alive podcast? I swear I saw pics of you on their facebook page
but Chiodos just got their original drummer back, the line up is no longer dismantled. mark my words, they will take over the world.
Although our company colors are Blue/Orange, it is just coincidence! GO Bronco's!!
Well it's my Friday just had some dinner, waitting to go to work. LOL
Had a rough morning? Come see us for lunch. We've got a smiling face and a delicious meal waiting for you.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens.
Could this be rain in Houston, I heard the rumblings of thunder
how wz it?
A #woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
IDK. I may be biased but I feel like I have the best name. . .okay top 10. Mikiah. It's just right! 😄
RT #SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES brush they teeth with they index finger
Companies try to micromanage innovation. Hold people back. Companies need to imitate cities.
Unforgiveness hurts us more than it does anyone else. Until 2ma xoxo
I've tried that too. It never works for me. Wishing you better luck! ;-)
if you think and make a great couple!!!
Sending an e-mail to my contacts in Iceland. Their names? Vidar and Hammer. Hoping they took their Blackberrys out pillaging w/ them.
python is elegant and powerful. Torvik is a terrible teacher. He was hired full time now for some reason. >:/
Another pretty day in the Rose City
I love everything about Thomas Robinson's game. Absolutely no quit in him. If the rest of his team had played as hard as he did they'd win
You talked so sweet, and your smell, it made me weak. & I fell so fast that I never thought to ask if you were cold hearted.
damn right..its the playoffs..
Vegas Sharps is making a $ out of 15 cents
Ah, what time is the game at?
Yeah! DON'T DIE.
Overheard, 2pm at the library conference: "There's TV in the elevator." "TV? They should have a bar in the elevator." Look out, Chicago.
I miss being a TA.
it was actually free.. all of it.
so sorry to hear that.... RT : buying myself a doghouse for last night :(
Tu Holloway: "That's what you want to see between Xavier and Cincinnati"...really dude go to class.
Strong people don't have to say they are strong, they just have to feel the pain, and be strong enough to smile when people are looking
1 page every 15mins . . Where you able to do it?
on my ride home tonight, there was a Stoudts baseball cap in the middle of NB Millvale, across from Sonny's....
follow me Real quick I will explain in a DM
Wonderful to see old friends and meet new ones at Malice Domestic. Here until tomorrow and then off to Festival of Mystery in Oakmont, PA.
Thinking about budget constraints on academic libraries b/c of journal subscriptions. Know of a solid general reference?
pretty damn good.. not Duffs.. But who is.. Half off drafts makes it a good alternative to madmex
Is it an iPhone? Open Safari and go to the page you want to make a button. In the gray bar at the bottom is an "export" icon...
Thanks technology for allowing this English teacher to get her #ww18 fix from home. But oh, the magic of the auditorium! Nothing compares.
No one can tell you who you are
hey hun..i just seen u here cheetah!!!I wnted 2 speak bt I jst got idk-scared lol I had on the zebra bra call me 770.744.7442
When you start showing that you care, that's when they start messing up.
Many MANY requests for nude models. People must be getting #springfever!
does that seem odd to you? It just seems odd to me.
One day I'm a die ma hair Kats hair from victorious :)
Late-night Renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, starting now!
Okay! RT : miss you too ... dm me ya number i don't have it anymore
I graduated from Liberty University with a degree in Straight Studies.
Romantically...just the cooking & submission aspect I mentioned earlier...plus...
I keep saying sorry for being absent ladies but I get busy during the week!
#thingsaboutme I hate being second to another guy,
poor guy!
I don't want to be someone's backup plan. I want to be somebody's first & only choice.
true. He has the peaceful protest skill of ghandi. But the destructive capabilities of Hitler
you wild one!
hank would never“:if my dog understood that i was made up of bones that he could chew on, wonder if he would murder me in my sleep”
appreciate it T. You coming out to a game soon?
Last one in the office, working on a media strategy, at least 1 hour more. Wouldn't mind but our TV doesn't get YES
I grew up with my grandmother making those for breakfast during the holidays! I love them.
Thanks for the follow - love to hear more about your service.
Caught and after weekend wedding full of BKbros, where/when am I?
#FIFA #WorldCup Latest: England 1 - Slovenia 0 (FINAL) USA 1 - Algeria 0 (FINAL) USA AND ENGLAND GET THROUGH TO NEXT ROUND!!
Dear Lauren's Bed: Can we please get along tonight? Thanks in advance, buddy.
You must not be too familiar with Grossi's articles.
At the AMAZING gala! No one supports #PDX #families who have experienced a death like they do--& for free!
RT and actions speak louder than words
u know it's a series right? Smh act like u have watched the playoffs before
hit up he can give u more info in that section of the company
; please stop putting you are dating Austin Mahone on Simsimi ; k thanks ! Because it is a lie ! He is single !!!
Sounds fucking sexy.
agreed & agreed
That nicca Kanye going in well not really Kim Kardashian throw that A$$ on anybody if I was bigger in the game I be up next for a Touchdown!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None. The democrats do that.
RT : The human heart seeks 2b known understood and connected #leadership #leadfromwithin >Connecting - it's what we're here 2do!
Definitely not used to all these visitors.. especially at 11pm. I love you Uncle Joe but we thought you were a cop..... heh
is #selling this, 12 LITRE 475 HP '03 SERIES 60 NEW TURBO ALL EGR R PARTS 200K MILES set up for
Listening to Whitney Houston's I Will Always Love You!!
Happy Birthday Ladies!
I hope ya fire burns 
Lula Washington Dance Theatre comes to The Hillman Center this Saturday at 7:00PM. Get your tickets before they’re all gone!...
I don't know off hand. I'm looking into it. There's been a lot of activity the last few weeks up around Portsmouth
a phone? Just whatever I'm reporting you
how about justin b.
Thank you, Dan Henkel for an excellent session this morning!
Can't wait till I ship out I swear!! So Sick of these ppl!!! I'm ready for a completely new environment!
u fuckn RATCHET
Hey Maggie! Thank you much! And that's a funny question, lol. I am, though I act like I'm not (don't tell anyone).
walks in the and sees a whole bunch of Social, talkative and words. well that would include me as well....
#MacBook MacBook Pro systems freezing despite video update
the new album is sick
Really need to sell my car. What is the best way to sell a car these days?
hanging out with Steph.
Done, you're invited. You'll have to pry yourself away from Uchiko, though.
Hey, thanks for following me back! And thanks so much for reading! Means a lot.
Walk the Freedom Trail, sit on the hill in Boston Common, visit Quincy Market and Beacon Hill.
Meanwhile back in margaritaville, some eagles prefer to fly high over the clouds of economic destruction. Ty, Hollywood
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I absolutely hate liars.
You jump, I jump, remember?
My mom just disrespected me beyond what I can even comprehend.....smh
What's Loaf Got To Do With It?
In 7th Grade I was voted 'best dressed', it's been a slow descent ever since... bestdressed-wise.
Worked too long today opening a safe...should have been a simple job,...but it wasn't!
2 questions please: Did you invent a new vacuum/air pressure and/or electromagnetic technology to defy gravity? And the 2nd...
looking forward to volunteer training this Sunday evening!
Maybe he'll come back next year. =( Sad Mike is sad.
Watching Big Shot documentary on WXXI now
Get me some Cuervo and a blowtorch! RT : You can make diamonds by heating tequila to over 1400F
In the studio with Eric Arjes, of Camera Can't Lie. Getting ready to record the single off of "For the Sake of ME".
Damn Vulture. You have balls. One of the most recognizable voice online, and you bite? May the AIDS flow in your direction.
Having some snow envy ... Starting to shop for gifts here in Sunny FL.. and plan for the holidays!
I would feel so stupid typing up that report and sending it to corporate. What a joke
How did you manage that?!
Fuck a team ill jus simply follow you back......so follow me!!
they're making me nervous.
FCP is all screwed up...anyone know why nothing is showing up on the canvas when I play clips on the timeline?
Where is it a 24 hour gym with a court?? I have to get my shot right for the summer..
#Diablo3 gameplay cont. ACT IV: Disconnecting. ACT V: Screaming obscenities at computer. There's a reason this game is about Hell.
Awesome... thanks bro!
Just got screamed at by my family for ALMOST passing my nephew over the table. Apparently it is bad luck to pass a baby over a table??
listenin to music :)
- size and location and we'll get them to you
"You wanna know something? Nobody ever does anything to be nice. They always wanna get something out of it."
Sorry , going to be late tonight.
Am i getting a cold or something??....I hope not..
's "awesome as fuck" is amazing
Anyone working on any exciting projects this week?
Looking for last minute gifts? Come in and buy a gift card, loaf of bread or some delicious pastries!
fuck Florida. But kinda
Cool!!,where and what position
You can't change your life until you change your thoughts. You can't walk differently until you see things differently.
-Love your site dolls! have a fabulous friday! xox
Monday is over, thank you sirs. Time to finish work and skip to Tuesday
new shirts just came in! can't wait for this weekend!
thats awesome. I tracked it down after his show. "Hurricane Jane" is an ingenious smash. "Paris" from previous CD, is my Fav.
please disregard that album cover that got attached to my last tweet. LOL
I'm mad at you
About to kick this swingsets ass with
yeh well, people ruined the song for me.
Super Bowl XLVI is on February 5th- Tickets are still available for the big game, call now: 888-493-0004
This weekend gonna be Rowdy !
idk...but twitter keeps UNFOLLOWING my !! Get your shit together twitter!
Just your Ass Back Home <3
She can come too!
He has such a powerful first stride
Yep, DuPont circle. The 'Hot Now' sign was up. It's a lie.
I hate living in the country..
kicked ASS!!! at her dance show tonight. Kudos to you girl. Muah!
I miss Nacho! Such a treat to meet you Nathan. Please bring Nacho and Daisy when you come to Clt!
haha baller status “: New Era should sell their stickers on their own. You could upgrade your favorite old hat to baller status.”
so true, so true
Lovin all the last minute blogs we are seeing for and the #SICflicks fueled by contest.
#Austin #ATX #UT you need a portrait but don't want to melt on this 100+ heat? Let do it early morning. We can get some sunrise light.
Warning: I am going to be so obnoxious with the Eddie pics over the next two days. GET READY, INTERNET!
lol! Have fun in school
man! i'm such a fuck up!
On my way to go vote :)
Only Nick would fall in the pool with his macbook in his backpack. Omg. This kid.
#sxswLAM talking good panel proposals at #ala11 - the ideas are building! Community space coming soon!
Jesus died. Here's 3 pounds of chocolate harvested by an 8 year old South American boy.
Listening to the Orioles Opening Day game right now
This. Made. My. Day. Easily one of the best games I've played- somewhere I still have my old cards.
Nice work by tonight #TigersRoar! Looks like might get it done if Rodriguez could could get ahead in the count!
wow really sorry. Our driver called you multiple times and left a message. If you didn't get those messages we had the wrong #
Finishin this Sundae from earlier.
lol but I don't think anyone would say the punishment fit the crime there. THEY HAD GUEST RIGHT!!
I'm so tired my dad woke me up so early/:
i think the bucks left their def back in columbus!
Please stay safe, Kansas
hope u had a wonderful day
Ha---not sure I could handle that!
Polls are closed #lynbrook. Results should be in shortly. Stick with us for full coverage.
Big day for me today!!
Presenting a paper tomorrow, and yea, that's right, busting out a BRAND NEW shirt. That's how I roll.
#dcu #mls r u serious? I hate the ravens and love t #Caps but #raylewis has a ring! N I love soccer but MLS aint really it.
we're racist, against Hawaiians
Come on Saavedra, get out of the damn way
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES <3
Why do girls fukk wth boys to get attention?
Been home alone all day!! Feels like solitary confinement!! Lol
Izzy Stradlin is my favorite Guns N' Roses member because his name is also a question.
Since arianna is sleeping, fuck it I'm going to sleep.
you left yet?
You fall for that? ;)
thanks, sweeties! See you Saturday!
Good afternoon everyone comensando my tarea
definitely not RHCP as a headliner. Or Sabbath.
#LastTimeIChecked girls shouldn't be having greasy ass hair.
This bitch in a wheelchair say she "gon' beat that ass" if he been cheatin on her. ...Really, bitch?!?
there is a bat in my cabin...
That's Talent!
#Ronaldo is dirty #ElClásico great game today
Nope bigger fish to fry
Pushing 80 in the Bay Area!
you guys should come to Purdue this weekend with
I spy the Dora sno cone maker and a bottle of something. Making good use of that baby?
Why are you at the Police station?
I wish I hadn't done that. It was unnecessary. He's like my brother.....
Congrats on study abroad? Where are you planning on going?
happy 4th of july to u too!!
Good Morning Twitter People! Enjoy ur Wednesday!
Night! Love Ya!
What Olivia is not gonna do is cry every episode. C'mon Shonda.
mine is a lil different, but pls check it out!! blog.philanthromeme.org <33 -Phil
love the phrase "citizen history" that just popped up in the #21stME session, online #aam2012. doing history side by side with historians
We sippin out here
Neat o?(x ": The battleship movie commercial used "predator" by chrispy! pretty neat o"
Because stalks my life (:
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer. ;)
We are looking for contestants for our 2nd annual KoreFit contest! Head over to our #Facebook for more info! Best results receives a prize!
and BB&T team up to offer our customers more service. Now you can pay #hoa dues at a BB&T branch!
I LOVE MY FRIEND <3
I'm listening
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. The world loves you.
What happened? Are you guys still in business?
#Syria actor Khaled Taja has passed away at the age of 73 after a long and illustrious career.
Commencement in the morning. Ready to go with plus the chipper !
Getting ready for the trip to LA to drop off painting at X-Power Gallery. No affordeable hotels. We will have to sleep in our car.
Thanks, Tony! It's pretty great so far! :D
I thought you were meeting us here??
RT : Let's talk #riskandreward at #txla12 - watch for the orange shirt and get a free R-squared button.
Am I the only one that's freaking out about this? Lol There has to be more work focused on this.
Wow ya'll.
Netflix suggested I watch Downton Abbey because of my interest in RuPaul's Drag Race. I do hear the Dowager Countess can throw mean shade.
your a bitch for slapping dd..your lucky you had a helmet on.and your shit so called religious fuck outta here
Did you guys hear? is playing the Tinley Park date of Warped Tour!!!!
dude ur leaving london out again ill miss u again!!austin u will never come here will u or will u??
Meet Carolina born & raised Apollo 16 moonwalker Charlie Duke. He is appearing at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex today.
Today is #BestFriends Day! How well do you know your best friend? Do you know what their favorite flower is? #Surprise him/her with a gift!
k I'll be fucking off over here. Enjoy!
ooh..glad there is an Android app..
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".......
I'm having an FTP issue. PLEASE say you're there on a Sunday morning...
Just got a nacho lodged in my throat...don't worry, it passed.
Hello! Not sure what you mean by "set"? Those reprints generally don't have much value to us.
in our hotel room at science olympiad
congrats Charles!
Wait!?! Did the refs just help the Celtics? WE HAVE HOPE!
a well deserved promotion! is proud as is Let the next chapter begin!
Good morning everyone! Looks like a great day to get a workout in at 9Round :)
The really gross part of that article is that fact that it's all about women as if there are no men who dislike eating alone.
u make this kid the closer TOMORROW!!!!
Apparently is giving a speech in Afghanistan. FYI- not everyone needs to put quotes out.
see, she was chatty w/me, but didn't seem to listen to anything I said. Worst kind of chatty!
Royal Oak yoga teacher is 20 mins late and people are restless. Debating leaving. I was looking forward to this all day!
My tax rate is almost triple that of Mark Zuckerburg's or Mitt Romney's. I'm also still paying back my college debt. Something is wrong here
Putting in lots of studio time, new album is almost finished!
#edshow MEDIA MATTERS in SHOCK for NOT finding Chris Matthews' BRAIN when trying to install "news-feed chip" in his skull.
my entire family loves the show!
Happy Easter Everyone! got new shampoo x3
I feel like the shit wont leave me alone until I elaborate on this.
yea I been back and I texted to see when you was tryna make that transaction happen
Nah you're crazy
should be on
