Just saw emma stone at joe's pizza, displaying all the table manners you'd ever want in a girl.
I feel like its been a long time! :) But hope all is good! Love Chuuu! 💜
and are the real deal!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Thanks for the RT! :)
I also apologize to those who follow me AND kind of want to read my book at some point. My twitter's spoiler city sometimes.
": Bitch I got dat flame" call me bby
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
*still waiting on daps* on my investing genius....👊
I cant fukn wait till he leave next week to go outa town for a month!!
Im gonna get a tattoo forsure!!!
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!! its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about? DO IT DO IT
Can't really explain how sweet + validating the response to has been // thanks, dear friends
yeah I need some coaches I'll send you some info you can check out and let me know what you think
Reasons I love teaching: It allows me to say things like "This is Plutarch channeling Rick Santorum"
Bryan Adams is great too!
hard to believe how different my life was a year ago today...
that awkward moment when someone says they like nickelback..
Lead us not into Penn Station
Bedtime for bonzo see yallll when I see youse cats dream iconic stay biscuit be chrome. Have fun at whatever you do remember your heart gps!
just remember that everyone from Beethoven to (current popular musician) has dealt with the same thing.
The wise sees Brahman as the supreme unmanifest Reality. And not as the manifest world of plurality.
Watching my baby girl on TV.
AP is struggling
I am lucky because I have a next to me love ♥
Back to Back shots! Break up the Birds!
& Nicolette doesn't hate us at all. Just ✋
It's still disconcerting to see liberal writers worried about judicial activism.
man...surprisingly that sounds good...
The in Philly is free today for all to see Maurice Sendak's art & archives. Can't make it? Have a wild rumpus anywhere.
Cool 2 see we have > 3K followers @ ! Will continue 2 share & inform on trafficking, exploitation & the awesome power of girls.
you will need to know on test day
every city I think of that may be eligible falls into the same oops.. only 3 teams category.
Well, if lit candles on the cake cause a problem, you'll be in safe hands!
Who TF you in the bed with?!?!? O__O
a QB in the 1st would be the dumbest move if it's do or die this season for Reid.
Pop, Pop, Flip, Flip, Look who's in town? Meitrack in in Mexico! Yes, this is our slogan for Expo Transporte 2011.
she was talking. I didn't want to interrupt. My grandma use to slap me for interrupting talking. Well, at least hers..
they've got photoshop!:)
Rise of the Fund-it Pundits - Joystiq
You guys should go check out TB Promotions ;)
How is Carlos Lee shaken up after that? He weighs 400 pounds.
#IveAlwaysWantedTo go up to you in the middle of the street and kiss you in the pouring rain.
There r strange noises outside including a owl, frog (could be a cricket), and annoying neighbors..
OH: "I don't read emails that make me sad from home." Now that's a good policy.
Well, I assume you aren't going there for a gay wedding.
Shots on me!!!!where u @?
WHAT!?!? Where/when will you be performing? Welcome to Texas btw.
Get that Bikini Body with Isagenix! No more "bikini diet"...go for "bikini nutrition!"
Stop the presses!
Your listener having hard time HEARING you? Don't lean to the listener. Speak up, project your voice. Leaning in is supplication, begging
Working on MIDI and guitar leads for the new song today! Can't wait to release this stuff!!!
No warnings at the moment in the #NBC15 Viewing area. We will keep you updated if that changes.
what's happening lil butt
Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies
but can we retweet it? ;)
“The story is not in the words; it's in the struggle.” -- Paul Auster
Consider a rewards credit card. Many will give 2% on ALL purchases
Haha....was bout to cry listening to love drunk.! I miss nativity.!
Aw, thanks! I have so very few of them. ;-)
Off to job number 2. Off at 10
Don't be surprised if Giants beat Packers next week. Eli can torch GB defense. NYG D-line needs to make Rodgers make mistakes.
Opened Netflix Played Saw 4 Slept through the entire thing
Kid is presenting with two black eyes right now..
Why did organized society stop wearing togas as dress clothing? Seems way more comfortable than a suit.
Just say no to the Devil's Carrot Sticks.
ugh make it for meeh .... i dont feel like making it lol
you are so precious and if i get to hold you i'll never let you go. i'll be there always
What does everyone think of the crazy Gap Logo incident this week? Blog post about it and other #SocialMedia headlines coming soon.
Honored employees with 30 years of service to residents
Mother is only ticketed w/ illegal burning.
What a pleasure to meet Arlene from ! Thank you so much for checking out EmBo.
weekly report to directors in EM, or outside of the org?
did u ever think that maybe sometimes there is reason to speak out? No we live in a perfect world right?
Do your Marketing Technology Tools talk to each other?
i know the dos and donts now...
Great. Enjoy the show.
R.I.P. Heavy D
We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;)
I look for thoughtful posts on lib tech, repos or Doctor Who. Which makes you a bit of a nexus point, I suppose!
yes sir
I'm watching that right now too!! Haha farm boy strippers...
QOTN by "That girl has a case of #SheThinksShesHot...My response, people are nicer in Canada!
#ripMCA my thoughts and prayers go out to your family and the Beastie Boys!
Just call me Ms. Camerawoman. I shot another video for #BU Orientation this morning. Looks and sounds good. Who knew I could do this?
I mean I lol'd
Lets thank God for this day and this delicious breakfast. Amen.
Good luck to everyone starting #NaPoWriMo and #Scriptfrenzy today! A month of whirlwind writing is ahead of you, but we're all cheerleading!
CAN I COME?!
“: Hosting a local big man on campus today. Really excited to have him. Can help us out & be a contributor right away.”
Michael Powell #ces - old network hub & spoke, all intelligence @ hub; new network has no center, brain w/a billion more neurons
Watching the RnR HoF concert on HBO. Don't give a shit about anything other than Guns N Roses, but their really fun to watch. Adler loves it
#IHateToBreakItToYou but your grandkids are going to be asking you why you didn't support #RonPaul sooner.
I remember those days.
back home! and happy about it
The moment when you wake up in the worst mood ever.
I'm watching viva la bam and man you are so hot!!! ♥
what is it that you want to buy? Clothing, electronics?
Trip on Miller, no foul, and Baron is in serious pain.
No, because I just learned it from you. And I'll have to see it now.
have we met,
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
all is well. Waiting for this hatch date.
I hate this girl with a passion & imma text zaamirah happy birthday later on today
Jim Delany: "Let's put all of the "M" and most of the "I" teams in one division and the "P" teams in another and see what happens.
Shoutout to for his selection to coach @ the USA Hoop Summit. Long way from Allentown Boy's & Girl's Club! Lol...
Trying to switch my sleep schedule around. Hello actual morning.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Andre Gide
Getting my mind prepared to hear & run it Monday night. Kansas scares no one!!!
- Totes agree with u! One of my all time faves. Need to watch it again soon. How are you? Long time no see. Hope all is fabu!
Everyone at coffee shops look lonely but no one ever talks to each other.
But I follow u
How's that SACK taste Eli?
I'm so caffeinated right now that I'm gonna EXPLODE!!!!
Truer words cannot be spoken bout Fenway! Best park in the MLB! But go YANKEES! No worries cream rises to the top eventually
Monsters fans, your team needs you tonight. Come down to The Q, fan appreciation night, and a Monsters win gets them in the playoffs.
Gonzaga and DeMatha both at 17 at the end of the first quarter.
Recruiting elementary teachers to take part in the Math Madness challenge on www.bubbabrain.com
RT : It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life.
Someone text me!! I'm so bored!
whoa. Amazing
Lol.. says rappers should be able to use "making it rain" as a tax write off
Just may stop by #NEXT Generation at tonight
So glad you were born ! Happy birthday!!
#iPhone batteries are too leaky. like water. must. carry. On! 30 minutes use and only 79% left...need to hydrate. this can't last.
Thanks 4 the follow! Have a great day!
haha okay will do :)
The most important decision I had to make was wither I wanted to play inside or out...
prob safe to say, album of the year.
Xavier, xavier, xavier. How do you not find Heslip in transition before everyone else?
I find it so crazy that everyone knows everyone in some way... Fuckin small world
Living in Las Vegas is like living on the sun but hotter...
Can you believe we introduced our Hand-Spun Milkshakes only 5 years ago? What's your favorite flavor?
Winner winner chicken dinner.
Yes we do. LOL
Us: "Just write down your email to win" Guy: "oh I can't write at this point" now that's a sign of a good party :) (via )
dang...missed you!
I love this and totally agree... it is a mantra now.
NAACL reviewing assignments were disappointing but ACL looks bright.
What did you eat?
• I expected them to call a pitcher from the minors immediately after last night's game.
Haha, I PROMISE to do my best to NEVER have that happen again!
I wanna live in La La Land soo muuuuuuchhh!!! I beg that like crazy!
We need a graphic designer to work on site for a few days. Know someone in the Seattle area to work in our new Cap Hill offices?
no biggie my dude !!
I Need To Go To NY...I wanna see what a real skyscraper looks like
hahah ANY job is better than 54!! And yeah, I'll see if I can squeeze you into my sched ;)
#Avengers was the bomb!!!
that's happened to me before! I know the pain.
Welcome new followers glad to see you
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU Fried Chicken Wednesday was MANDATORY!
IT'S FUCKING HOT
So they are clearing every Occupy camp........ Smh... We are sociology based, so we talk about everything, mainly the #SJS project*smile
You can thank for that little bit o' magic!
heading to a cookout with , then practicing for
The game show on bet might as well be canceled lol
I'm kind of loving this rain...though I'll probably change my tune when I actually have to go out and walk in it...
my dude was up? I been outta sync wit y'all we gotta link back up!
Stravinsky! RT ..then the UK in January; NYC in Septemeber(?); Seattle, Paris, Rome, Nashville, Toronto..& many more!
Getting geared up for another neighborhood bbq this weekend. I love our community. We keep it simple and we all feel supported.
And the Peds are out of the tournament. :(
Even though I went for a run already, I'm still going to out hustle in b ball today
Car shopping, at a distance this time-bo
That lonely moment when the only text you get is from your phone company.
Funky Promotion's next show 11/30 Southgate House Newport, Kentucky ... Playing with a live drummer!
Congrata to chara and thomas.. Way to go guys...
Goodbye, hot teacher
John Payton project on air right now!! they're about to perform live!
Umm the first time I've ever wanted to be on #TheBachelor wasn't cause of the romantic dates but those hookers got to swim w/sharks! Jealous
#Amazon coming to Tennessee would be great for our economy, but Tennessean's will be penalized by the sales tax.
Thanks for the RT :)
I think he was looking to launch some kind of startup so I decided not to go over bc I didn't want him to think I heard his idea.
I appreciate it but I definitely need a break from wrestling by the time we get all three of these done. Need a palate cleanser
: RT : at least im in the 38 percent now 62% of people tell an average of 2-3 lies per minute of conversation.?
Thanks for following back :)
Healing happens in the moment! Use your moments wisely and with good intention.
de nada :D
o bop bop!
was fired that means #ArsenioHall won? WTF is going on with #DonaldTrump! I call BS :-P
Don't you ever get too comfortable
balls back, bitches.
The resistance training group lost an average of 3
I can't sleep!
a few chapters in to your new book...love the "gospel prayer" concept!
worlds colliding, you guys!
#NowPlaying Receivers – Keep It Low
they wanted that coveted West Florida market, they're obviously not at the game so they must be watching it on tv
I <3 my Nook RT First impressions of Apple's new #iPad? "Retina display" is an absolute stunner
HOLY SHIT I AM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT
Iran Begins Nuclear Talks With Six Nations Talks between Iran and six world powers about the aims of its nuclear-enrichment program began
happy follow beautiful
#FF TY for the follow & greetings from Florida. Happy to follow back.
Looking forward to tonight's Irving Democrats meeting. Hope to see you there! Rancho Restaurant at 1210 East Irving Blvd, 6:30pm.
My goal is to be at SXSW next year.
If the B1G officials are calling fouls one one side of the court they need to call them on the other side too. Ridiculous!
you're talking to the mirror again , arent you ;)
I hope he comes but ignores you
are home groups tomorrow?
I was wondering if you'd take me to the mall ? (;
Not sure I do either.. but I'm going with it!
So lazy-i don't want to work or do anything today
The Agile methods represent an alternative to conventional methods
Sorry for the rapidfire posts last night- started a blog to link ya'll to my full length poems and accidentally posted several @ once!
As much as I am enjoying being back in the Pacific Northwest... I could see myself returning to the Southwest in the future.
lol your welcome (: lol its so funny .
"Elisha had become sick with the illness of which he would die" (2 Kings 13:14) and to think, he had a double portion of the Spirit.
On the waterfront, cloud formation calming as the sun slowly sets.
Hundred racks on the role it light up like a casino
Rolen has a mangina. But in his defense, that looked a tad outside.
haha it's true though
The folks from are completely revamping my house. Wow. Wow. Amazing people.
Oh these times are hard and they're making us crazy. Don't give up on me baby.
wow they have really been on a roll lately
I wonder if Doug Mientkiewicz will attend the Fenway ceremony. He played just 36 games there in a Sox uniform but certainly made his mark.
ok paul will bring it
has similar reactions to scary stuff that I do. Hahaha! I would cry if that happened to me. Then kill whoever did it. Lmaooo.
doing a story about it and want to get in touch with creators for your perspective. thanks!
awesome poster
Huge 4th , the big 4 stepped up. This is a hard working , very special team.
me when I'm already on the computer
#FemaleSexComplaints Unless your girl starts laughing while tears come down her face, she's FAKING IT
I am sick of stalkerware
yeah buddy no offense brotha but Ryan has to go home for a while untill he realizes what a great opportunity he has
if there's one thing i never take seriously, it's my alarm clock. 8 alarms. 8. and i didn't hear any of them.
no duhh! Its one of My favorite songs by her!
Why are all of my cabinet doors always open? could you come close them for me?
Nice! Glad you saw a win! “: nope...jump around of course!!”
#AskSanta to bring me
Let me guess...Patrick Kane? sent me a photo. Made my morning while sitting in an absurdly boring lecture.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
Thanks! Do you play any sports?:)
just make your suga momma pay you way tonight ; )
God I love visiting wisconsin. people are so nice here.
It's about time my state stopped being the most embarrassing state in the union. Thanks NC.
Finally done loading the u-haul for father-in-law, great times! Myrtle beach/Lake Norman or Bust!
Preparing for a Planning Bd Mtg on our 5 unit sustainable housing project!
lack of piano in my hotel room was always the biggest downside to travel
Using #drawsomething almost wakes me up better than breakfast.
shot of Jameson!
Good to know for this summer :)
Glad to be around, Rory. :)
Flying to #Orlando today for #VCE training tomorrow!
That Is The Best Movie In The World, Hater!
Huh. Turns out mornings are way less stressful when you leave early.
Warren Moon is an ass - "scripted and disingenuous in interviews." <--- description of Jimmy Clausen last year.
haha yea I can't wait to see it someday. I consider myself fake Irish for now ha
Wow, today's just been bullshit. One thing after another.
Working at home today with a sick boyfriend and a sick cat. Crossing my fingers that my stuffy nose doesn't turn into something more...
My sunburn stings with the intensity of a thousand suns.
I am so glad that today was better than yesterday. I dont know if its the crappy weather or what. :)
2 min video clip to introduce the case scenario on discussion board #dtl2011 #dietribes @
Love the page has set up to start your #PRSSA National Conference fundraising. Great idea!
Releasing new single, merch, webstore, and more info TOMORROW via at inspireandinfect.com check our FB page for the info! RT!
I want to RT everything y'all are saying right now.
Every time I sit me and my fiance!Quarrel over who will get a reply from you! please I want to get a reply from you!Please Please!!
Great! I have a new goal to start tweeting once a day during the week - it's a great way for academics to have a voice! Goodluck!
I love how I never come on here anymore
Sad to see you go. Thank you for all your help.
S/O to the chusma in my class. Great job, keep it up.
I miss my cats. ...I have this firm belief that cats are the meaning of life...
#allgamejobs Any Level Designers with A FPS Experience want to be a part of an amazing project on the west coast?
You have known me nearly half my life if you remember my Buick... AKA The Bulldozer!! LOL
Best seats in the house. Let's go jets!
grow up and stop being such a bully
Thanks for the suggestion! I have rather wide calves so it takes forever to find boots.
It is so freaking hot out here, oh my God.
hey Monica said 350 for VIP and goes on sale tomorrow 4pm:0
Have moved all podcasts into Instacast and am stoked. All I am tethered to laptop is for is playlist updating
You've been working hard all week - come relax at Happy Hour from 4-6 tonight! Enjoy half-price appetizers, $5house wines and specialty...
Nope haha.. she doesnt text me first now though lol
o is for the only one I see
Where is my blazer buddy tonight? Wondering what you think with Rudy and Roy out?
THE WANTED !
sorry, I could not figure out the system to enter my panel's abstract/title. It seemed like I was updating MY info. Sent an email.
there's just no better crazed battle face than Mel Gibson's. I always wish the French Queen can save him at the end.
I foresee copious amounts of alcohol and some sore abs on the horizon
I Recently Came To Terms With My Homosexuality and Accepted The Fact That I'm Gay!
Our favorite books are 15% off this month! We've gone through so many "Staff Picks" stickers, we had to mail-order more!
no thanks.
Getting new ink from Dirk at
hahahaha that made my night
Fully agree, but I'm not sure it's the 'WTFU' people I'm concerned with.At least something's coming out of their face
Thanks for coming out & supporting the tournament. Hope you had a blast watching the mad skills like we did
I hope this week goes as fast as last weeks
13 hours of sleep
thanks Ed - I really dig visiting NYC, but I'm more and more excited about living in ATL, and now I bought a house so I have to ;)
#TheAvengers was everything I wanted it to be and more! Such an awesome movie! I can't wait to see it again!!!
Someone great!!
this is so awkward ....
Hey you hope all is well.
like u rite?
Yay teamwork! You girls are awesome!
Teenage taggers caught in an unusual way in Molalla-- find out how on KGW NewsChannel 8 at 11!
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
wishful thinking is an understatement.
Please Remove Your Hats And Rise For The Chicagoist Baseball Playlist
Oh, got it!
dangerous precedent you starting.... is this a coming out?
is this girl really fake!! HahahhhhahHhahahha
#TGIF Good morning followers! Today's shout outs go to and - thanks for checking in with us!
You got me for a sec. Old article ha.
missing you tonight.
I wish I was still in bed 
Cabaret pit rehearsal + Evil Dead closing night = YAY!
Fun Fact: i love ... but that's nothing new.
Happy 175th Birthday Chicago!!!
Ballots are the rightful and peaceful successors to bullets. Abraham Lincoln
for sure.
Your Lakers!! Do Do
Thank you for the holiday card!
Somebody call me or text me
10 new remixes coming out soon - thx 4 all the support on youtube and the show!
Keep doin ya thing because people are gonna talk about you either way, might as well give 'em something to talk about
#whosgonnalose - Chicago at Detroit - Detroit will lose
hahahaha best part is definitely the bottle
bumpin ST Camp in the ride today...reunion album coming soon haha
It's hard enough to predict the weather for 2 weeks, how can a college basketball analyst predict the 4 No. 1 seeds for NCAA next year?
Changed My Avi And My Background! U Likey?
Your films are great! Unguardable is the best so far!
(Feature Films Coming Soon)**
A nice stoudt to sip is excellent. Ah... I love
thanks for the follow on Friday. Have fun tonight!
waiting for a rescue team to get a snake out of a drain, about 5/6 of us out here and I'm gonba try and get the scoop!.
wish I would have met your NYC crew...you know, so when I move there with you I already have friends.
i bought him a ring... i afraid he wont like it
if a day you to see my tweet, follow me? 'cause I never give up, I love u! Follow the other? luv u a lot xoxox<3
figures...I just called who I thought was an honest plumber..and all he wanted to talk about was how good I look - he's history
speights got some gollum looking teeth (a sport/nerd comment)
So if the Spurs lose this fine ass milf I get to see everyday has to buy me lunch ;-)
I love Sunday mornings when the sky is blue. My backyard is full of flowers and critters..looks like a scene from Bambi..minus the deer,lol
RT if you're bored. D;
Silver Stars led by 9 in first half - lead by 2 at end of 3rd quarter.
Satisfied with the movie portrayal of
Well said! : Heisman or not, you've had a season for the ages. (Now go get us some roses!)
good morning!!! Or evening I guess :)
Saying a prayer for you tonight ! What you all are doing is very inspiring! Stay safe!
gearing up for sunny & super fun weekend ~ yay! Mighty Slim Pickins Saturday night at El Rio!
TODAY'S MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL....WHOAAAAAAAH!!!!!
Do you have a favorite tattoo? If so, what is it??
DW isn't a park...it's not really anything. Its undeveloped urban land. No one really gets any use out of it...
yeah I can't stand it
First five field goals for the Clippers were dunks...Wow.
Rosanna Arquette's terrible French Canadian accent in Whole 9 Yards was better than Megan's parents' on
good luck! my fingers are crossed for ya
I went to jail thursday at 8 pm. Was released friday at 12 midnight. Im free!!! That was some b.s.
Why time is right fir syartups: Lean startup strategy allows innovators to iterate constantly and provide feedback, efficacy to user
both boo from VSA and Yay for you....you just missed I am guessing.
Hi Karen. Great to meet you too. If you have any follow-up questions, please let me know. Good luck with all that you do.
I could never blame you! It's either or 's fault. ;-) (kidding y'all!) You were great company!
is it raining in London? Just in Seattle, rained every day. Shooting in L.A. next week, so thankful.
you got.
Giving me dirty looks in the doesnt scare me ahaha
Proud to be an actor
I make my wife turn on music while I'm in here.
4 days and we're outta here! #JetLife #StartMySummerRight✈😜
Super excited about a story I've been reporting that is probably printing in The Times tomorrow. I shot a video for it too.
me too
Morality is complex. Some people don't feel things. RT Ohh I'm so mad at Cary! Damn you for being gorgeous and evil.
Rain on my way to work this AM! And i forgot how to turn on my windshield wipers :)
Just read: Dr. Oz suggests your waist size should be half of your height. My goal? 33".
text me cuzzo
can we PLEASE?! in fact, I've decided we can just stay there..
Currently listening to "Good and Bad" The vocal arranging gives me everything I need right about now.
Got to start somewhere...
Lebron about to go off!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. ~ Bern Williams
Im addicted to ink
i do? lol and who is the one followin u?
Well, I've been saved my the grace of southern charm. I got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a Hallmark card.
#philatics: super sweet guy!! final four tonight...I'm SO excited!:)
You are welcome. Please let your fans know we are having a giveaway this week for a 42" TV. Enter on FB.
R.I.P. Rashied Ali and Les Paul.
on our way to Smith's Olde Bar in Atlanta tonight... come out and say hello!
This is one of those days where I wish the term "bitches" was part of my hourly vocabulary. I'm still just a rat in a cage!
LOL an old lady, thanks :)
“: I LOVE THAT NEW JOINT #PIDD AYE”
Fights over male pattern baldness? I'm busting out my bands now. Who got the right blow?RT : Brento's right blow made my night
Support your local entrepreneurs!
Aww that is great!!
One of the reasons I love zipcar is the variety - and, thanks to that, I now know how shit the BMW 328i is to drive.
I'll be at the top soon/for now I'm at my house/on the couch/watching cartoons<3
I always go in the store for one thing come out with like 10 . -_-
an apartment in Brighton would be a very good midway point for everyone. You should take a look!
I have blackmail for If he really wants me to show it!
*singing* Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear Liz, Happy Birthday to you!
My sweetheart is on Huckabee tonight on Fox in case you missed it earlier. He said that Mike is nice and even talked to his mom on phone.
This month of may i shall beseech the lord
Have you been to the one in Chicago? (assuming so lol) Amazeballs as you would say ;)
August 25 come on
I've put up a new discussion and I'm looking forward to seeing your responses!
I think it's hilarious, actually.
Aside from #Diablo3 and #Starcraft2, any other amazing PC games from the last few years I should pick up when my new desktop arrives?
tell me about it! every fri and sat night i'm like damn me and ang would be goin ham right now if we were at BSU lol
I know right ?! -___-
A huge shout out to Vegas for returning me to Boise in one piece.
There is more to life than status quo living. Jesus followers, there is a LOT of work to do. Building His kingdom is a must.
I've got hiccups...
Thank U 4 explaining Y we never solve probs. if we do there's no way 2 produce cable news special, i.e. The #TrayvonMartin Killing
Ouch those two loses hurt but it's cool next game we're coming better then ever
When keeping it real goes wrong
ty have a great weekend
Rod Blagojevich sentenced to 14 years. However, his hair is still awaiting trial.
sends THANKS to the cast and crew of To Kill a Mockingbird! Simply AMAZING!
Today in church sum boy kept singing werid waz praying:please make it stop n the music stop she said that can work too
#DanceMoms HELL YEAH.
Looking forward. In 2012, daughter will turn 10, son will turn 7, & I will turn 35. I'm fully expecting the whole year to be awesome!
"Wankers And Bollocks" in the Morning....
check us out! we're new to vegas and looking to meet some people :]
Left my purse at the boar's nest tonight. Thank you to the sweet bartender who kept it safe for me!
Despite it all, segregation persists. - James Farmer, Lay Bare the Heart
My liquid life is comprised of IPA. Lol.
Do you want to meet at the house Friday at 6pm and drive up together with Brian? Derek will have to take moms car so he can come back S ...
Does want to work for me on Thursday this week? :)
The moon was huge last night! Werewolf mode!
Want to dine out ethically? Check out this awesome new guide from
Sometimes I go a few hr or a few days without tweeting sometimes I tweet back to back to back
Havin' to know tht one of my friends is bulimic&anorexic hurts;i wish i could do somethin'...imma try my best to put a stop to it:))
I love you
. I can see it being so, yes. What real power/visibility do these venues have?
you know it!
War is cruel and you cannot refine it.
Mmhm Cause What? And Nothing In Wendys Drive Thru. .
LMAO at my background on here...
Just read above 220 can cause infection, amputation, and vision damage over time. Scary shit.
My roommate said she'd be the Bamboobanator ... and I would be LoboLoca-Motive
Hey Last I checked, Yo hurt his knee playing baseball. Gamel, too.
yea he from there ANTON BUTLER
I love how you explained everything proper haha:) he's amazing!! i so agree with you:')
can we all slow down and enjoy right now?
he might be average but he a hell of a lot better than anything the skins had the last four years
Seems like the new gimmick in the tchr eval process calls for peer reviews, not only from admins. Will require PD to do it right.
crooked i,ras kass,camp lo,DECA.... and never get shit twisted pal....
and it continues... This is down right pathetic.
Getting ready to start a new day soon. but first must have coffee. So far my reading is coming along just fine...Will soon be put to test.
thanks Jon. Great to hear. If I can help with anything let me know.
In retrospect, I think it's my favorite
medium body, nice berry fruit, very food friendly and very enjoyable. Will be buying more.
. Oh, delightful! I'm flying home on a Saab-Fairchild 340 manufactured no later than 1985. I am NOT amused.
Thank God i'm amazing and can get ready in less than 30 minutes...but with that said, does anyone know of an alarm clock attached to a light
Hope I Passed My Test Today!!!!!!!
KINGS ISLANDS!!!!!
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some! Drinking makes wise, but dry fasting makes glum. ~ William R. Alger
I'm crying.. Because.. not seeing this.. Or did he see this? RT please please!!!!
Disneyland with my favorite people :)
Coming from you John, I am sure people will listen. You are trash!
Thanks for the laugh! I cracked up at work today -- the ugly laugh, where you sound like a hyena. lol
Shaq Diesel was my first cd, so I'm taking pretty hard as well.
i asked if there was an e-mail address instead: "none that i know. fax is the best way." found an address on the website in 5 seconds. sigh.
I so doubt that! Talk was great and great fun, and so... onwards
Going to for some fun! :-)
Fuck! These ppl went crazy in April of 1992!
lmao honestly that was terrible but hysterical! Were gonna be reunite w the place next month ahhaahah
I love me some haterz Thx for letting me know I'm doing my job
Always stressed out at the end of school years
when your home alone and choke on juice and get used to the fact your probably going to die alone..
AMAZING for a rookie. week 2 rookie of the week
justin is so pale down there... lmfao its sexy on him
It's a beautiful day in SD! I need to get outside!
been reading the Iliad really wonderful new translation by Anthony Verity. Book two has what is called a catalog of ships
They think they know better than us. How elitist! Also, I know better than them. Not elitist.
So what's new world?
There's something about a burger that makes late nights at work more bearable.
ya contrary to my notions, it was yummy and fulfilling.Im going to be more open to experimenting now on.
are you mayor of yet?
Hard Drive been going good all year! now its finals week & it wants to mess up!
rock on guys we should hook up.
Within 2 months of dating I'm over it. Can't seem to find a girl that fits the bill.
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
awww thank you (a)
Sitting in my study as a light rain falls outside my open window. Coffee to my right. Writing this morning. Life is good.
Lovely Saturday in Lima Perú, I going to lunch with hubby and family to a nice peruvian restaurant of traditional food from Arequipa!
Bored and i know alot of my friends and followers havent added me on psn yet so do that.... Finesse034
Getting better and better. I've dreamed of traitor #4 on the cart but never actually thought I'd see it.
I expect a photo update :) Most of my doodles happen on DrawSomething haha
why is jmac getting ready to bat...
I'll stop the whole world from turning into a monster . <3 -Paramore
I'm currently thinking of buying the new IPhone 4s or I should wait for the IPhone 5. I'm going to unlock them anyway
Hi dude !!!! bible i don't know anymore :/
Happy birthday to the GOAT..
i feel like an old person but i remember when vending machine candy cost 65cents and now its $1... big increase in 10 years
#LSJ #music cool
we will make you a champion lol
Another Audition Today ! I'm Confident About It ! <3
Self publishing is for the modern day writers who get it.
WTF. Where's the 4th ump? Bad call.
tv sitcom cuz it would be a variety not just about one topic like an hour play or movie :)
Who else is excited for warped tour?! I'm only going to one stop on the tour this year but its the SF one so the weather will be perfect!
Yeah, I'll be available in a few hours hopefully. :)
I get that a lot.
Ima be 17 when I graduate & 17 throughout most of the summer :P
Let's go #Pens and #Steelers, let's #Get-r- dun ! Great to have double feature tonight!!
#Zombies made an awesome topic for search demo in English Comp class. CQ Researcher didn't come through however.Happy Halloween!
No I did not drive 20miles "just" for a nonfat iced chai latte. I picked up TP and diapers too.
Does anybody have a card reader?
in-house position for senior structured finance attorney in #NY for more info email
hey everybody please follow my best friend in the whole world here he is:
Listening to this new track. Straight fire!
When you live in your parents basement aren't you allowed to say whatever you want?
I wanna go shopping. Anybody wanna come?
Hi friends. I miss you!!
I'm playing 's singer songwriter showcase tonight. My slot is 10-11. Lots of other great acts on the bill. (via )
tweet*** okay. I don't do weed but my phone is apparently on something.
#titletalk My school has picked "Smart but Scattered" for this summer.
crying in the shower so no one sees >>>>
My softball coaches are IDIOTS !! why the fuck would they give girls SEE THREW PANTS !?!? fucking idiots !!
Who else thinks it's sad we don't talk about Barbaro anymore?
I like Colin Kaepernick. Big guy, fast, and a rocket arm. If he goes to a good team he could be next Big Ben.
LOL!! Yes last night was SO much fun!! Thank u so much!! And that conversation stays in the vault! Hahaha
literally our lives. at least it's not his feet
What kind of retro website doesn't support Chrome?
GAH! One time I was in a stall at the theatre and one crawled out of the floor drain. YEAH, I DIED.
#stm2012 web site usage software: chart b shows what people have been using on your site
i never knew you were a showtunes guy..and you mock my carly rae fettish
Hey Scott - where exactly are you located? There's a Liberty southeast of Indy and a Liberty Hwy southwest of South Bend.
RT : RT : Dino Rossi just called Patty Murray to concede, according to Murray staff.
So What Is It?
Go lady #Terps! Setting history. Winning ACC Tournaments.
Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house ... kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kind
WHAT? The German car maker Audi (part of VW) has bought the legendary Italian motorcycle brand #Ducati!
is KO'ing for the night. Lots of pictures to snap tomorrow! This Doc of #Chiropractic shoots! Yay for friends getting hitched! =D
Spotted: on Greenwich ave and 12th street! How are you?!
Grats, GL this week. got the better draw.
alas, no time, but thanks!
Ginger margarita at Spice Market. Yum!
Depends on how far they're willing to go with Peralta at that point.
I cannot stand, "Wow. Just Wow." See also: "Really? I mean really?" and all combinations thereof.
I follow way too many on Twitter.... I may want to fix that in the near future! On a lighter note... LETS GO #STILLERS!
awesome! We'd love to partner with you on the post! If interested, DM us with contact info!
The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for 1 purpose only - and that is to support the ultimate career. - C.S. Lewis
Watching hearth cooking going on in the restored kitchen at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello on TV. Too bad I don't have "smellavision"!
Forcing myself to stay awake for the video premier. Love you <3
Trying to keep my head up after that Spain's ridiculous loss to Switzerland.
Here's a suggestion for , , etc: How about blocking all link spam from users with less than 10 followers?
I wish I had a 540 watson
How did Richmond treat you? I wish I could of stopped by to said hi and to keep up good work!
I don't know about yall but this crisp fall air sure feels good to me, smells like hockey season
Mom is biggest Thunder fan on planet. #thunderup! Game on, let's rumble!
It's okay, :D We love you, Dylan! <3
Self serve
Its one thing of calling a track your single & everything u spitting is original. But if it sound like everything else? Then what u call it?
Will this kill Tyreke Evan's value or Thornton?
Tacoma is a separate city. It's 45 minutes south of Seattle haha. It's a pretty big city
Middle seat on a 6 hour red eye.
- you should be proud that you have fans that give there last breaths for you. #TeamMindless now -1 out of a billion fans
If I wore heels, I'd break my neck. ._. That's why I don't wear them. Plus they aren't my style and they hurt. >.<
YOU! Are going to have an amazing, beautiful, perfect Saturday today because YOU deserve it, you've earned it now go live it
Joe Fortenbaugh of National Football Post joins the guys next to talk #NFL head coaches.
Me too! He's written some really interesting experimental fiction.
#BGC I love I am a woman now but I still loved being a BadGirl :-)
You burn bitch, I heard the stories!
what the hell do we have to do to get some room to skate. man these devils are flying
that shit was craaazzaaay. Ohwell, im excited for warped. you should crowd surf<3
one more day of school finally
okay, ready for you guys to pod about kill list now... with spoilers.
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
hey, howdy do?
Pirates won last night 3-2 over Miami. They meet again at 7:10 (ROOT)...
And all of us slaves will pay for it dearly!
You know you're not at all religious when you have to ask your grandma what a minister is
can't wait to hear all about it!
No tweets for awhile but I know I didn't have to "ReFollow" you though.
eeekkk!! I'm so happy to read this. congrats, lady!
Later Okto I need to work on a new front porch I am building. Good to visit with you. Say hi to Retty.
we let kids pick...Hansen, Sabercat, & I'll Have Another. Daddy's got Take Charge Indy in the Waffle House pool! Haha!
I emailed Dan a couple hours ago. Haven't heard back. This is turning into #fail after
Only for you.
"If you have a child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs." It's important to take care of yourself... first.
Weekend Almost Heree!
come on down. not bad at all.
lmao leave my friend alone!
Looking for a game program at today's #uwspringgame? Find one of these signs at the stadium yfrog.com/h0qt8hmj (photo via )
craving some famous amosss
Very cool! Thanks Joe for the mention and DCP for the cool video of Smoke Shack!
Don't waste your time, embrace it. And then you'll know yourself. The change in you is Goddamn Electric.
And David Stern couldn't give two damns, either.
Now following not, like, on an ideological level. Just Twitter following him.
you guys rock :-)
Boston has thier game face on!!
blaming all my actions on the moon, starting now...
Having a great week so far! How about you?
“: We should all know that by clicking on the link that someone is spreading rumors about you that it's SPAM right? RIGHT?”
Closing my eyes for 10 minuttttttttttttzzzzzzzzzz...............
i'll just come over tomorrow
Shake that coccygeal like it's nuthinn RT : Drop that maximus like its hot
Again, I'm honored Can't wait to see your #film, "Renfield".
I'm a CF High guy myself, but I'd hate to see Price Lab close.
Best all Corey Haim's Family & Friends. Sad way to live & die.
Kip Moore has the sexiest voice ever!!!! #Somethin'BoutATruck
This USA vs. Ghana is intense.
“: When you think about skipping a meal, remember that hungry doesn't bring health, food does. #nutrition”
Seeds:Bklyn was great - Garchik/Okazaki/Dan Weiss and more, solo sets in tiny brick-walled room.
We kind of miss you... ;)
Just saw a Dawson's Creek-esque wheelchair dolly. #I<3filmstudents.
you play too much but it was good
What a night! The table OMG lol
I am not pretty...
it a pic of me with a hat on or without one i think
Oh thanks :D Why's everybody going on about jack on there? :L
Or better yet. How many more are we gonna get? RT Should we be glad the aftershock is done with?
Come by Express Lube. Just sayin'....
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways hold his girlfriend when she's sad, and always be there for her 😏
#Word2TheWise watch who you Trust now or days.
For those of you asking about our April Dance Schedule, we'll be posting our dances for April soon so just keep your eyes open!
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 35
I think of Michael Martinez ()
I think a healthy mix of impressed and appalled would be appropriate :)
I'm thinking Rivera.
Want to include your #BlogathonATX photos, videos, blog posts in our official wrap up? DM me!
yea the entire teams played with such passion, the fans were so much more into the games, I love watching the classics
Well, this is going to be a many, many-word feature in The New Yorker by year's end, you'd have to think.
Cueto in 5th, always good when your pitcher gets a hit. #Reds. C'mon
Thanks for the #FF mention, Hugh.
Glee! I love singing and acting, and would fit nicely amongst the cast. The show is relatable, and the realism creates comedy.
I am eating :D !! Who ain't eating so I force fead them ??!?!
Hey whats everyone doing Saturday?! Hopefully checking out at the hawthrone opening for ! they got tickets ladies!
This organic coffee company has gone mlm and exploding all across America.www.sisidore.igetpaidtodrinkcoffee.com
I'm out of cayenne pepper :( And you all know how much mama loves her cayenne pepper. gives it a little lagniappe, that's Louisiana speak :)
Smh Im Grimmy but it was only 4 text messages.! fine i will deal wit being cut off!
I will be 4months & ma baby is big already not only can I feel ma baby movements but the obgyn felt it thurs cum on fri so i cn be 16wks
i just straight up love you guys...ops, i meant GAYS, lol, my boys <3
shame on me, I wrote them off. Huge come back
Did you know apples will do a better job of waking you up than coffee?
What happened to you last week? bo
ya i cant help it! I looked at 1 website and it lke took over ma twitter :/
start tweeting
Come say hi to me at the desk when you get back!
Great opening night for NEXT! Have you bought your tix yet? www.here.org
you too :D
high jumped 7'1" today - new twitter handle should be since he's spending so much time
Shit i gotta agree wit ya, i dont believe in luck
I did
hey can you read tweets and see if it's true about Nnamdi to Green Bay?
Esp. this weather. Nice.
j.hooliday is so cute to me (:
Too cloudy to see my #Supermoon :( send pics if you see it!! #LongIsland #southshore how about my FL
#WIFYR in Hickman's class on character. I got this lecture in the morning class but needed it again to really understand.
how bout u hurry -.-
Ha i like the way ya think RT : haha that's awesome.. replace the hay with eskys and you have aussies
“: Glendive Montana”-had a girlfriend from Glendive once. Wonder about her at times.
welcome how u n the baby
thanks man have a good night
Oh man. Keep Ryan as a regular and bring back the southern chick from last week.
Check out our Fall Specials!!! FREE MANI w/ Pumpkin Peel! 20% off ALL Facials Every Tuesday!!! FREE Express Mani w/ any Pedi Every Wed!!!
check your email
yeah bro just lemme know when
Good For Pres. Obama!
LIKE A PAPEA CUT ON MY THIGH
I'm running the NYRR Fitness 4 Mile on 9/17 in Central Park if you're hooked on road racing and looking for race buddies =)
Visited one of the best DC charter schools. Convinced that BLMS has just as strong of teachers as they do, if not stronger
I'm Listening to "KCEP FM 88.1 -Las Vegas"
learned some couponing tricks from my sister during my visit...i have mapped out my plan of attack for cvs and target!
you must mean... thought-provoking? I converted to mad libs for a reason ;P
Is it too late to have a New Year's resolution? Or would it be called something more fun? Going to read long-forgotten Newbery winners!
Could PD could give the 96,000 fixed incomers prob losing tax credit to China Hub their very own story re impact? Can't find.
The series doesn't begin until the road team wins a game I guess this Boston Philly series is about to heat up
True, since a lot of them don't think Obama is liberal enough. I'm sure all of this was batted back and forth in long meetings
#bucketandshovel needs to stage a comeback. I think lady liberty needs to rise from the lake behind the gov's mansion this winter
He doesn't have to be better than Pagan though. His competition is Nate and Huff.
JUST GOT DONE SHOPPING FOR THE TWINS
just grab a burger and a shake from Kopps
looks like there will be a home for our OWS/Zizek dance jam after all, haha.
Getting those creative juices going this morning. What would YOU like to see from Jane Doe? We'll see what we can manifest! <3
Working on some fun stuff for ! Coming soon!
After a late night flight home from New York last night I got to work 13 hours today. >> feel like I'm still 30!
RT “: Day drinking does not help with homework later that night. Not at all.” or studying for tests the next day
So the guys 10 ft away didn't give it 2 mins, but the view from Toronto gives him 3 games?
Loyalty is #1 in our book, but when the reflection is false- we strip our ties... Let's keep it positive & let's keep it moving
are you guys going to one of the summer concerts ?
Just took 2 Tylenol Pm's for this dang on headache of mine : / I will be knocked out within an hour lol
I might actually be social enough to drag myself to #SacTweetUp as my alter ego. Which means I get to meet you, right? I'm excited!
There have been many, many things said about me in my writing career. Not having a sense of humor is not one of them...
Las Vegas Firefighters protect people, property and even pets! Yesterday, firefighters doused a local kitchen fire and saved a family dog!
that marginalia post is a good one. Thanks for sharing!
Quija boards are terrifying
The three year old at the table next to us wants chocolate milk and chicken nuggets. So does
You say you don't want me to stay but you keep on calling – Stay by J.J. Flores, from
you already did this exact tweet but in past tense
Cool! Could you tell a specific story about how it helped in a research context? If so, email brandon AT arl DOT org.
Construction will continue throughout the fall semester. But, when it's done, parts of the building won't fall on anyone!
I'm headed to Day 2 of the Chapbook Festival in NYC. Good stuff. Writers, publishers, poets, Google it, come through.
Thanks for a great interview with Debra Dean. We can't wait for next week!
thanks trying not to be spreading any germs at the funeral
Happyface! What type of green tea? Loose leaf or bagged?
ppl from work
: Thanks for the INCREDIBLE show last night!
Good movie. “Contagion” directed by Steven Soderbergh is a top star filled action/suspense thriller, well acted and well directed.
I guess you don't have a phone?
A favorite running song of J is Aqua Barbie Girl. Throw it in among a lot of other randoms and it is sure to make you laugh.
I want to go to an Italian #Ristorante like the one in the Lady in the Tramp
Alright I'm In, but what if i dont have an austin shirt or bracelet ?
- so many great memories of that song! A little early 90's thug resonates in all of us who were growing up then
Rosters updated online to include teams! Please check them out and don't forget to refresh your browser if you don't see them!
If Romney were a relief pitcher, he would be demoted.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 23
KH architects show off adaptive reuse of gorgeous space as a library at RISD
May everyone have a wonderful day leading into a wonderful week!! Make today pop!
Heard Kim Jong Il died but no word yet if it was either prolonged or horrible. Crossing my fingers!
this conversation with my mom is cracking me up
not sure who choked more.Kane and Toews or Wood and Prior. Thank god for Jordan and Pippen.
Hey! thanks Nick #UpTheDubs !!!
This school is hype. I love it. They love every song
giving it up to the #AERA2012 presidential party last night! twas inspiring to dance amongst amultiplicity of scholars! ¡hasta la victoria!
that is beautiful! Me too! 😊 keep thinking like that 😃 never stop the hunger to learn. You should watch the TED videos.
*both! ": *Wing Stop“: I want boneless wings from apple bees! :(”"
not my fault lol
Dear , You are awesome. It made me so happy to see you #geekingout with me this morning. all the way!
We've got a really big show for you tonight: 2nd Floor Open Studios at the Ford Building, 5-7pm, featuring Kale Teter's paintings!
haha, everyone in barbosa's room is on twitter. xD
how you treat others is how you will be treated in the end..fellas...even ladies...remember that...
Who is the top touring spoken word artist in the US today?
Almost there
a real nigga tell yu he love yu in front of his niggas
I love playing #BelleAndSebastian while riding my vintage bike on the trainer indoors. I always feel like I'm in some trendy indie movie...
Welcome. Digital Media Rocks! RT : Welcome Dallas Miller who joins the #Bills staff in our Digital Media dept.
that's awesome! What machine type was it. (the game)
unfortunately, probably not "very very," but we will keep you posted!
I found one advantage has over - I can compose & send formatted msgs from cell phone. Good for no pwr
That's a relief! :)
How has everything been ? (:
I need to get something D:
funny. I just tweeted the same thing
no fish story :( But since Walleye tourny season is here I'll be supporting them in spirit!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis the lord of the penises
where do you go tanning now
good call
Invisible Hand meets its "maker" sometimes known as "its hometown" big slimy ruckus tonight at The Southern 9-ish AAAIIITTTEEE!!!
i think i just might like you. <3
your welcome! (:
Winter feels good
I love seeing new talent in LA <3
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
"I'm watching my neighbors make out from my window!" - jordan riggs hahaha this girl.
Just rode in an elevator with members of the Secret Service. Didn't know you could deliver lunch with such intensity.
oh wow cool background! doesn't understand your tweets though, all traffic attys? 'splain it
Darren Saunders is getting short films ready for the BET "Lens on Talent" Competition. Building Stars is what I do! Join me on Facebook !
“: Can't wait to see my bro performing Every Little Thing at the Grammys one day!” he deserves it! (: <3
Dance circle is in full force at our annual dance party gala! Woohoo
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Just because you can't twerk doesn't mean that I can't enjoy doing it, hoe.
Rihanna has no idea how much I love her
Damn, the Clippers came back in the fourth quarter!
The moment you see your special person in a picture and your heart gets broken 
Just got done Eating ( : Niggas was starving
Peanut and jelly by twennynine special featuring lenny wiliams
Thanks for the vote! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Philadelphia's Zach Makovsky defends his World Title vs. Eduardo Dantas at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City April 13th
"YOU SAW THE WAY HE WAS LOOKING AT ME!"
My personal assistant is using Siri
At Michaels graduation party!
One point is all you need RT Up one at the half is a ok start
okay no problem ! :)
If you do what you CAN do, God will do what you cannot do!! - Joyce Meyer
I really want me n To b Ice n for Halloween
- #Miami maybe? At this point, they will sign anyone.
Firearms Review: The Kimber Solo - Police News
Congrats! No terrible 2s for you!
I know I'm not a mom -and still don't know if I'll ever be one- but it's sure cool to be considered by my guy friends their mamacita ^.^
I need to get some gas in Blaq
would love to! Pretty flexible until 730. Currently poolside.
omg just got here. Um guessing thats ryan star
Thanks for including the link to my article on POV in your newsletter.
yeah! If I can't get them for hershey I'm just going to DC:)
I feel the same way when I look at my girl. She's got the power to make me happier than ever B4.
Sorry to hear about your experience. Can you provide us with some more information so we can see if we can help you?
I miss you too !
I don't actually need a sign prohibiting me from taking pictures of naked ppl in the locker room #becauseimanadult but txs anyway gym day11
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!! text me
girl what u gon do w/him?!? A mess!
it depends on how the defense is playing it and the shooting ability of the wing.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2.
The Big Apple and Tebow? This could be fun
I am going to New York this afternoon. KCLT to KLGA (hopefully US Air won't lose my bags!)...
Now watching hood winked because we can't decide on a movie lol so now we are watching hood winked
Isn't that wonderful! Love Spring!
is good friends of ours! thanks for the follow back!
show tonight at the waiting room! new material to be played! new merch to be available!
shes a gorg dancer. I loved her "Cry" dance the best!
I was the girl who told you about Jordan Benker (:
FREE SERVICE to restaurants integrate a live order restaurant menu and process that order directly to your point of sale terminal..FREE MENU
Friend, there is a reason the 10th amendment is #10. Recommended reading: Article I, section 8 and the Civil War amendments.
Kevin and Olivia AOTS! You guys rock!
Todays's leverage episode was hilarious. I loved how they made it in the format of the office
noo don't do that! you should talk to all of the awesome megan and liz fans via twitter right now&help trend!
some things never change lol
we'll have plenty of time for education moving forward. News is doing its best. Still 6 months to go :)
good stuff!
You are super welcomed! Thumbs up vs. scissors.
your work with our fellow military families who have made the ultimate sacrifice, is much appreciated and needed! Great work!
well i like it lol, i didnt notice at all.
I just want to make you happy, let's have a good time,
Hey Jeff, you know who can help? can help. Jeff meet AJ.
A song with out bass? NOT here Bro! I keep the fingers movin to the beat!
Turn signals are a nifty idea. If you don't start using them, I will crash into your car.
but you have nice hair so you don't need it
Did you see that we've got a new thing happening? How are your new things, btw? :-)
TAKE ME WHEN I AM THERE JUNE 16TH-21ST :)
Fuck niggas! That's that shit I don't like.
Hey there. What's your name again?
: Those are phenomenal posters
Best scam idea yet RT : fake own death. tweet as your heartbroken significant other. ????. profit.
Why, thank you. College was a weird time for me, dude.
So excited for the Nats home opener tomorrow. I feel like I have a real baseball team--one that has hitters! And good pitching!
sounds like someone made a wordcounter and parsed all the posts cus something ant right?
Making that money! :)
#NowPlaying Gold Digger~ Kanye♥ THIS SONG WILL NEVER EVER EVER GET OLD :*
Good to know! Looking forward to meeting you soon
depends ona inch, what inch?
I was tried...and still kinda felt like shit
TWITTER WAR
On You
Battle of The Bands on April 28 ? #info ?
And this is how self-centered I am - I read "#DamagesOnTheBrain" and wondered if I could sue the school for my brain issues ;)
Good night, Ms. Stroop. I do like Friday's. Encompasses some of my favorite things. Sweet dreams, baby.
On way for Church...divine!!!
Lakers need to start doing two a days.
sure babe. I'll even open the door for you. :)
thanks for your kind words. stoked to see any new vids.
Ha, yeah, I've bought four of those in the last month. More direction would be nice in some areas, though.
Happy Birthday to ya! (*in my Stevie voice) to my sister
Ah, Craigslist apartment listings! Long time, no hate.
Awww. Everyone has a band who turns out to be behind 80% of the mystery songs you hear in public places...they're mine!
Thanks for the RT : "I believe Icarus was not failing as he fell/ but just coming to the end of his triumph." - Jack Gilbert
thanks for following :)
Never get tired of watching #FNL reruns! Come on now Coach Taylor!
Bouta watch behind the music wit biggy at 730
Wheres the lady for me the lady of my dreams.
Michelle Obama at the ICA: The President is working to get us out this mess.
it's gonna be one of those day...
Knew this was going to be a great album after listening to the first song.
Just woke up about two hours ago. I was working night shift at my security job, and I am staying on night shift now that I was laid off.
it sucks I can't use my classic username. Had the username RavensOrioles for like 12 years!
Money May is going to win. Everyone knows it. And I can't wait for him to talk shit afterwards.
What is worse? Having the Flubs on the Fox Saturday game, or having Daron Sutton on the Fox Saturday game?
watching Dylan Leblanc at Yazoo...pretty solid
yeah, I need to party more.
I say Wilhelm
Haha. Very nice:)
Don't feel like it but I know I need to straighten My HAIR..
Back home from Manassas!!! Hope everyone is well!!! :)
Delivered an extra ticket to a peer. I should get brownie points for doing it in this muggy weather.
I really am looking for something more laid back and personable. cc/
- help! I have removed a twitter account from my account to allow someone else to claim it, it doesn't recognize the switch!
Whatever, so apparently you can't call a woman with whom you are not friends "toots."
Nice, what kind.
That is to say that you don't already claim to b a part of that community...
that's interesting. it's tougher when it's been free on iOS for years and now they want to charge for it.
She loves me! She loves me not! She loves me she will tell me when the time is right!
Yeah man! I was at OHHS back in 1982. Those were the daze.
My brother-in-law rushed to ER for a cardiac catheterization & 2 stents-moments like these put priorities in perspective. Made dinner 4 sis!
I'm a workhorse, but wish I was a thoroughbred and just run in the fields and eat clover.LOL
he followed me
Thank to all who came to meet Eric and Greg at the Home Energy Workshop at the Hillborough Library on Saturday. More workshops to come!
I have one extra ticket to the big 12 session 3 M-I-Z anyone?
#BlockB haters SHOULD STOP!
I have a conflict. Otherwise, I would come! Thanks for pointing it out.
the start of my day included lots of vomiting! Woohoo!
Oh, stop. Now you're really selling me on your property. And that library downstairs? Sheesh...
#Chartespottings: Rangila dress rehearsal, spitting game on some chick. This event really brings them out of the woodwork.
museums too.
GOOD MORNIN MALIK :-) I KNO RIGHT!!! I BEEN BUSY!!! ITS BEEN LONG!!!!! GLAD ITS OVA :-) HOW BOUT URS???
"Life is short, find what you need."
you're cute when you write from your perch of condescension.
I'll tell you
that was a perfect way to describe it
good night
But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!
Road trip to the Horseshoe Casino? Anyone?
Why I told my dad I sprained my ankle lol for a excuse Not to go to dance :(
Fun fact: You are famous on some level, because fame is relative!
Had a feeling about the gender of my friend's baby and was totally right! She's having a girl.
Yo Mark How have you been ?
I got me a top hat(:
i dont feel good and its freezing, im annoyed.
The cover is amazing.
Steve Aoki at the Palladium? Umm yeah I just might have to buy tickets.
RT if you are NOT going to Albivi tonight. D:
looked at my notes for an essay I have to do tonight. Instead i found a blank piece of paper w/ only "IM ON A BOAT" on it..
I swear, this happens so much. I need to see her </3
When you can tell how someone is by the way they text
Anyone want to fill us in on #RECON? We couldn’t make it to Vegas, but we want to hear what everyone is saying about it.
Web 3.0 is all about the data. twitter feed, Social media, social graph, cookies, targeting, etc.
VEGAS BABY!!!! This is the life
Grab a friend and come in for some nachos and a GRANDE margarita!
New camera or new iPad?
OH MY GOD! I can't wait to get paid. I'm going to Connersville fo sho.
I hear you D. I'm really looking forward to hearing your song ideals for your new new mix-cd.
lmao brain Lincoln hates you To lol “: I hate !!!”
I have no idea how to make important decisions when there are dozens of factors of varying importance. Pro/con lists do not work.
My acctg teacher is #superweeaakk and he black from Brooklyn tho smh hater
Take me with you
thanks Sidiki .... Yo I hit your boy he never called me back
Auci about to explode, huge buys at the ask coming in.
challenge #LadyHeroes winner Senator Grothman to debate #waronwomen. Encourage him to defend title
Some guys can be so hot.. Yet such douches.
Natural bridge yankin
Boehner is purposely leaning out of frame either because he's wearing a rage face or he's asleep.
Leaving Twitter or other?...
But are you passionate about French animals?
when are guys going to start distributing in #Chicago?
#quidam, #strippers, booze . . .,what now?
Funky Friday's tomorrow at the farm!!! Come in and donate $50 donation and receive a $12 dollar gram of your choice. :-D
you probably wish it was Louis instead.
If I Die Tomorrow i will be sad cuz i never met so then i would be all like "WTF this isnt supposed to happen! *pouty face*"
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
i'm just going drinkingg c: i'ma stay safe<3
He's not here...he's on his way to Cape Cod...
Wait for the right moment, like Ronnie taking some hot mouth from Richard.
Changing of the guard in the NBA: spurs out, lakers & celtics down, Mavs & Heat up, new MVP Rose
Inside on top of you grinding inside and out of you
Congratulations! I'd love to! Just let me know how!
Men in uniform are so hot.
Who The Fuck Are Y'all? *Drake Voice*
"Oh, you got a hair cut." Now, how am I supposed to interpret that? If you're going to comment, make it count one way or the other!
you at the game?
RT Wow Pacers ain't playing!
Hollywood hasn't aggressively pursued me. Neither have I aggressively pursued Hollywood. --- Colin Firth
If you cry from a movie you saw last night you need meds
You know its a good day when the animal isn't here
Alright! ^^ Sorry for the late reply, I was doing something for college :o sweet dreams cutie! Love you too ^^ xo ♥
Surrender &ebc to places in Vegas to check out and the good news is they are both at encore lasvegas nv! Only
Definitely. It's been a while. RT : Good running into randomly !
USA ties it up 1-1!!!
So if you're a celebrity they don't haul your butt to jail when you owe this much in back taxes?? Ridiculous.
Why hello Nebraska. Just passing through.
Yeah, sure I'm always looking for new peeps to work with
welcome just stating a fact Ashlee!! <3
when guys misinterpret my personality <<<<
Missing teen wolf :( today to c the fireworks ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert [vol 28, no 2]: The Yale Biographical Dictionary of American Law
A mortuary commercial after theSuper Bowl?? WTH! Talk about a buzz blower!
#notetofemales in the words of 2pac "Keep ur head up, legs closed, eyes open"!!
been there done that!!
“: LB grand prix race weekend... Gonna be crazy down here!” I could hear them practicing this morning from my bedroom!
I just really don't feel well.
Good morning boo!? Lol
UConn gets their 14th point in the paint; Butler has 0. It's beginning to dictate the game
Kevin Durant is NOT about to let OKC lose the chance for a 2-0 lead in this series...
For Sale or lease: low hours from VIP Aircraft.
I love you so much. Why do you have to be so cute?
it was only freakin project alert.
has a new Psychic Business address and it's in Fort Lauderdale, Florida!!! Yippee!!!
Cars should have a U-turn blinker.
I hope the people who are races on their motorcycles outside my house will crash and 🔥.
Amazing to see a true Red Sox legend and one of the game's greatest in action! Thanks for taking part here in CBus! O-H-I-O
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows -Ralph Marston
: Bitch pull down your damn dress! Your vagina is practically singing along to Too Short!!!! Omfg" lmao
RIP Dick Clark... the ageless master of ceremony
Just got home, first time I've been able to sit on my sofa in three days.
If you leave without a reason, don’t come back with an excuse.
Our mantra is to help musicians earn a living and receive the recognition they deserve, while never undervaluing the role of the fan.
Me too! I'm showing around 😉. Wish u were here!
RT : it's craaazzzy! i LOVE it! "lamborghini" is my fav ... but "dior" is the sh!t :)> I'm about to kill em' baby!!
Me, too! RT : I want to give my POTUS a hug.
I replied to your dm
what beach are you attending
thanks for bringing the crew in!
did you see them? time for a velour fantasia reunion!!
Ctfu crackheadRT : 👈👈👈👈 Is about to be back on that
Movie recommendation is Mia Farow in "Rosemary's Baby"
Just found 2004 receipt from when I bought Shins' So Says I, Death Cab's Forbidden Love EP and Say Anything. Whoa, college!
I don't need to here this from you, mind your own business. Thank you!
Q: What's the difference between a penis and a bonus? A: Your wife will always blow your bonus!
So I don't know if my mom is preparing for an Alien takeover but we have like so much food in our house.
We'll let you know as soon as we get to hit with it! ;)
OMG Meryl Streep gag laugh!!!!
I'm not sexy Ron, but I play Sexy on TV...
I'm gonna lose my mind! see what I did there haha I cannot wait when do you go and get the tickets n stuff
Welcome back from the holiday... check our website for our current class schedule! (www.sincitycrossfit.com)
#ISwear sometimes my dog Cooper yells at me...
i guess no austream again today.
#3WordsForYou I Love You!😌
": The ballot is in the mail. #Onward&Upward"~Thank you good brother! 06!
GREAT NEWS! Van Alexander's autobiography "From Harlem to Hollywood" will be awarded a Certificate of Merit from ARSC in LA in May.
GGGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!Suck it cheaters!!!
i resist going there--i know i will get lost--and still cannot download zotero--
“: Randy Galloway is joining us on the show right now... to tell us we're stupid.” He's a smart man
You're at Paisan's, and you didn't tell me? :-)
Is that trend true world wide? Or unique to US schools?
Thought something hinky with 200 dif betwn Mitt & Paul : In other words, state GOP just stole Maine's caucuses for Romney.
oh thanks !
you should write a mini book on this stuff for bloggers and others!
Golfed this morning. Watching golf this afternoon.
You should see it in person! Double ouch!
maybe I will be taking myself to lunch and saying screw the rest
great to be here RT Lets welcome tonight to our #leadfromwithin family.
Shoot me. I don't want to leave. :( I just want to live here.. forever.
Only those who are confident in themselves can give out praise to others without hidden agenda. Our sweet Adam is first in line.
Sleepover with Lindsey and Jenna! :) Movie night :)
When your boobs get all swollen cause of mother nature (Y) .....
You really are a bitter asshole if you let someone unfollowing you on Twitter bother you personally.
What is up with all the Anthrax scared around town? It's like we have an epidemic.
so true
Millennium took its sweet time deciding to work today. Could've made for an interesting start to the day.
whoop!! now we can share books!
y'all are crazy!! I am not a morning runner. Unless I'm in Hawaii where it's 6 hours behind :)
nah I'm good I already ate thanks thou :) can you bring mom Starbucks ?:)
thanks man! One can only hope that clown never sees the field again.
