Great early morning meeting to do a joint student project with and : thx for working w/ my student, y'all!
All hail the psychic octopus!
Thank you! What skits/acts did you like best? " jonathan_with1H: dope performance last night!"
that's crazy!!! Congrats :)
Tired with all the bullshit. #summersummersummer ☀☀☀☀
Just found a really clean version of a sound I never thought I'd find! This week's episode just got slightly funnier.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is giving up on me.
If you're in a band, or have a friend in a band, tell them to reserve their band profile at opengrooves.com!
If yo girl come home and he chin smell like ball sweat and you ask her how come she dnt wanna kiss you?
W00t! Sounds good. Let me know! We'll taste test. RT : things changing up at PB in May!!!
lml . And uhmm i'm not choosing cause i like them bothh
Maybe you should have dressed as a man.
who won
Why was I not invited to your event today?
haha alright another time bro.
Finally entourage !
Lies told by this black girl. RT : I'm not going out for a long time I have partied my life away like really !
I got it Doll!! I'm in!
Just added! Thanks.
Romantic Tip #16 - Write wacky notes based on your profession ex teacher: write a report card, executive: write a business plan, doctor:...
This Time I Made a Promise to My Self &lt;3 tht Im done for Good.
Classic, LOL. Bet y'all died running lines RT : I would know if they worked if laughed!!
Hm where to have drinks?
the former was a joke. Pretty strong feelings though, I like passion.
The hell. I wanted to watch Freaky Friday yesterday and my sister didn't let me. she's watching it now -_-
Wow. iCloud is down again. Apple, this is getting a little ridiculous, don't you think? Maybe update your status page?
And if anybody else is going to be at the let us know, we'll be there too! And send us your pics/vids after for us to post!
<----- u r the bad influence here! i know nothing if this 4pm sleep time...... ehhhhh =/ haha
Seriously, Mini, do you really think that your American clientele would know that bonnet = car hood.
good call! ;)
oh no, what happened?!
free to all from 9am -1pm. Come & stay for Colcha exhibition opening day programs from 1-4pm. C u there.
The new summer catalog starts tomorrow and so does the "scent of the month"! Everything coconut mango breeze will be 10% off!
Bo Ryan trending in the US. Top 3. #Badgers top 10.
what are those orange chunks with your shells and cheese? ;)
ICONic Boyz danced to Give Me Everything. Mos Wanted Crew just did. Omg.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My kids mean everything to me. I love them with everything I have. Next would be my man. Then my friends. Love them!
Chris Masters was better...
Gotta work on a gameplan to get more gigs! Can anyone recommend some clubs, venues and festivals?
At the Solar Conference in Dallas...very impressive.
Except me. RT : Y'all ain't real
m i hope so that would be the best thing ever. Those boys changed my life. <3
C'mon over to Saz's State House for our amazing beer battered fish fry! Don't forget to try the potato pancakes with that! www.sazs.com
Smart phones, smart cars, smart televisions... when are they going to start making smart people?
RT : Cooking dried beans is low maintenance and a super great value... try them in this SIMPLE BLACK BEAN SOUP:...
cocktail reception tonight 6pm
Going to see the @ maryvale baseball park after a rest from the camelback hike with Billy, Jim, Megan & Kristin.
Love the glasses on Gary Oldman! (And Alexandra looks stunning!)
I absolutely love talking. I'm a people person. I love meeting new people. but doesn't mean I won't hate.
Happy New Years!
are you going to dream with us?
New road saddle. Looks like a fine night to test it out on the trainer.
I'm already following please follow me
RT : Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller
We have a completely lost segment of America. I guess Regan, Bush I & Bush 2 never contributed to the National Debt.
Thanks Steve! We use lots of tools, systems, and unique ways online to connect with people that can benefit from Shaklee.
I live in Ibiza. Gaga've come here one time in her life. And it was a benefic concert and I wasn't a monster yet.
just got done mowing gonna do flower beds then done yea!
Today's inspiration? Roger Bannister. The impossible became the possible & the threshold for possibility was pushed further & further.
follow nolas best promoters ever
omg, let me love you.
i literally cant stand the pennington grass seed commercials. ur commercial bashes another product and barely anything about yours
Air bubble in dad's lung from the biopsy needs to be removed. Eek.
Hey Boy...just because I'm acting like I want you doesn't mean I need you...
Just wish I was better prepared.
Thank you for following me back. I will be checking out your thoughtful tweets!
Hit your free throws and don't foul, and we are on the way to OKC
I'm sure everyone did.. In the meantime it was like 45 degrees here and raining. I had to wear shorts to our football game!
Yeah, that's going to be a great class. The teacher really knows his stuff. Did you sign up yet?
thank you. 😊
Accept those whose faith is weak, without quarreling over disputable matters. - Romans 14:1
honestly, nobody has the right to call out who is real and who is fake. Everyone has their fake moments. Those who admit to that, are real.
... and i repeat, as said, "people are impressed by ANYTHING"
I did hope everyone is ok
should have left Chapman in to finish it out. He used to be a starter, pretty sure he can pitch 3 innings
In basketball
Met a bad bitch and I spend a little cash on em
No problem, thanks to you too. :)
amazing how an extra hour of sleep can make u feel
So much on the agenda, but we're gonna get it all done!! Working on a few major projects for the summer, and trust me, its gonna be FLY!!
mom just sent me an email to let me know she checked the 10 day forecast for my trip home to L.A. next wk. didnt tell me what it was tho...
I gotcha. Well, I want signed pair of undies when ya start. Lol. Ok?
Family Time=Quality Time :)
Thanks for the RT Katie, have a great week!
hope u hv a better day!
We're very thrilled that will be providing an outlet for our future vendors (kids 5+) at the DIY Trunk Show.
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston Globe–Horn Book Award submissions! More details here:...
Happy BDay! Don't eat any peanuts!
Did you see in Yeast Nation? if not, you can see him at our concert on October 16th !
So lucky!
Imagine! Foundation Blog: Thank You Thursday: The Denver ...
ackkkk, you tweeted me too :) haha
Need good spot to shoot video !!!
Hey girl!!! yeah sorry i deleted my facebook a long time ago lol send me a message though :)
Post more,talk less & ré:peat.
#OneThingILove your smile :)
So excited to have a Gallipolis mani and pedi on the books for this afternoon!
Always a pleasure seeing your face, see you soon!
Prayer changes everything. All you have to do is pray and believe!! I'm a living proof!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people...
see you then. best to the family.
join LIVE! on with me and 7pm eastern US time as she talks about her music and career.
Use the list presented above to evaluate potential writers, and find the professionals that are right for your business
Hot sunday evening! Can't take it anymore.. I need some Red wine!
I like to look at total reach.
Hahaha! Yes, fitness and bacon go together like, um, er, well ... ;)
I'll tell you about it tomorrow ok goodnight hun<3 :)
I just skyped Brooke Arnett-Holman. My day/weekend/week/month/year is now complete. =)
I emailed you...not enough space to tweet back.
I was thinking more in terms of that God awful song making you sick. LOL
is there a plan on when Internet Explorer 6+ will be dropped from the support list? like when Microsoft drops XP support?
I'm still getting 20% right?
My day isn't compleat without having to say "Mom, have you seen my keys?"
Thanks for the Style Event love for the show Friday <3 You rock ;)
it's a poor people tax!
yeah definitely got plenty of job offers around NY too
Brilliant RT : Gingrich says he will not suspend his citizenship. Because then Romney would make him self-deport.
I didn't do it, Imma do it in first or second.
Apparently if it happened long ago in a galaxy far, far away then people do forget.
Brookfield, CT was our best stop on tour. We cannot wait to be back there. Philly tonight with The Venetia Fair. Time to get fucking sloppy.
The people in Wisconsin that put Paul Ryan in office should also be ashamed of what he is doing with this madness he calls a budget.
No one tweets me now a day :c
Rihanna in a new exercise video!
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. ~ Lao Tzu ♡
Saddened to hear of the passing of #MCA. Check Your Head was one of the most influential albums for me as kid.
With all the heavy machinery, walking over to the polling place was like walking through a demilitarized zone. I miss my quiet neighborhood.
what was your favorite philly restaurant
And with that, I'm off to calm them and myself down. Have a lovely evening!
Looking for Rachets in Walmart
love when i first meet people and feel like i've known them my whole life and
I'm not trying to take this government test right now.
I feel really dumb lol
thnks much appreciate
Mythbusters=best show ever
I wanna see American Pie Reunion soo soo soo bad/:
DUSS nice buys coming in!!!
Gia bad I need a wife like her <3
thanks miss :-)
To follow up a multi hour layover with a ridiculously rough flight AND a 30 min delay to pull into the gate is cruel and unusual punishment.
watching lacrosse Virginia vs Princeton! Shit ain't half bad!
Trying to have my friends and listeners tell me how to use twitter...on the air...fun stuff! I'm old!
An Unbelievable Tragedy. RT Prayers go out to Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and her family.
susan sarandon at ian's pizza today !!
hey happy birthday to you and me and the best birthday pressent would be to get just one tweet from you! please make my dream?
Lunch Michael Angelo’s Chicken Alfredo, Poland Springs Water
": That Gotti? “: Touchdown.....”" naw I just landed in philly
that was a funny day. Best part of the suburbs is the nice and ample parking so I just drive everywhere ;).
Heading 2 TarJay -- must be insane!
Photo shoot tomorrow after work. Hopefully I won't look too tired. My patients are a trip!
heheh. Point. Set. Match. You win. Heheh.
stuff like "best of the year" and "best of 2010" make me feel nostalgic...
so poetic, so deep
yeah man not even that serious
who cares about that nigga ?
you're going? :D
I'm actually staying at a beach house in July because Sean's parents were looking at houses to rent
Eagles shop thanksgiving sale on jerseys today. But where the Christ is s jersey?!?
That's gonna be a long ass train ride RT : tomorow
RT : "The future depends on what we do in the present." - Mahatma Gandhi
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm. They provide babysitting
wht was going on with u and brit this morning ?
Quite a name! LOL! RT : For a Good Time, I recommend checking out the boogie/garage rock known as Titty Bingo !!!...
is getting ready to drift off to dreamland.. if you have reached this message then I am already gone... be back tomorrow
Watching some crazy documentaries. .
i hate change.
be happy, healthy and live life to the fullest :)
ill carry you home TONIIIIIGHTTTTTT
There are two things that get fired up. Monster Jam, and RSpec. :)
I have a job, but I feel like I can handle another one. I'm just trynna get paid;
Hi Tracy! Loved your story on Bollywood in Latin America! We offer Bollywood dance classes in DC! You should check us out!
your welcome. :)
I love u!
you keep pushing me away. & i'm slowly becoming okay with it.
Sleepy and sad. Feels like I'm reliving the worst time in my life. It's a crappy feeling.
Yay My daddy said I can go to the 8th dance and my dress from 2 years ago still fits me.Surprising!:) I gained 6 pounds over the year!:(
would love to have seen that 2010 team get one more year to see how things would've been.
Hey - Have you heard of all the love the Internet is showing 9 y-o ? Perhaps y'all can contribute some $ and <3?
what kind of Jello??
Something went in and out...
that's awesome!
Anyone know of any free word processing apps for iPad?
Come on down to Castle Clinton today to celebrate our 200th Anniversary. Flag raising ceremony starts things off at 10:00am!
We're collecting Quiz Qs from kids & taking feedback/support Qs. We want submit to redirect to URL of last page viewed. Tips?
#melus12 Maybe have tables in back of sessions for people to use laptops for tweeting/blogging/&c.
Tricky! In that case our only hope is Superman.
Horace~ Mingle some brief folly with your wisdom.
Love the rain # my baby sleep:/
it was redic. I think it is def with seeing if you are into horror movies!
bring me my
I thought it was Chicken and Watermelon? With a drink machine that just had orange drank, purple drank, and red drank?
1st door we knock on is Brandon's! RT Do we need to buy band candy to support them? I sold enough of that in my band days.
Watching the
I know
": This has been one trippy ass weekend" u can say that again
#microsoft you've been given enough chances to make a proper web browser... and you've #failed miserably at it repeatedly
Remind me to shin kick you
Thanks Jack! As are you. :)
Is a great way to budget your money! great 12 month plan, i suggest you check it out.
Working in my viral marketing
"I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight".. #jayz #carnegie hall - you goin? Hit me up..
word mang..whats ur main fb page? I was talkin to Isaac couple weeks ago n he said ull be in pgh this fri..bummed Im goin to philly
no way man...we scored 10 points, that's a whole unit sucking not just a qb
Bud Norris is almost at 50 pitches and it's only the third inning. Let's hope he gets tired, quickly.
Congratulations, all the best to Mom during the pregnancy!
Learning how Satan works helps us see why God wants us to use our faith and get the "EVEN THOUGH... I AM" attitude!
that's horrible. It happened to us last year for 4 days straight and it was awful!
#aaa2010 first A exciting but I have never been so exhausted in a long time.
its been way to long!
Great! Where are you located? We understand the challenges. Best to you!
Life is a Gift from God..."For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb." Psalm 139:13
OH MY GOD I am so happy right now!!
i followed you. please follow for an instant follow back
#oomf straight ignoring my text
Boston is doing great. Yay!
- sounds like whatever you started at was too much. I'm referring, of course, to your level of self respect as an adult.
Looking 4ward 2 life settling down a bit, last 2 weeks have been the "pitts", RIP Pop!!!!!
Brady Interseption and TD BRONCOS!!!! Harris With a 52 Yard Return. Broncos Going to Try the PAT.
it's ironic as fuck how the colors red , white , & blue mean " freedom " unless they're flashing behind you . . .
3 more likes until we give away a free pair of jeans!!
in each compartment~ another facet~ of me and you~ and you and me
nope. lol if he tells me numbers ill shinku hadouken
"Like" MOVEius--lots of good events coming up!
Dear Columbus. We need a Whole Foods market of some kind! PLEASE!!!
Whats good homie ? U want some leases ?
The actors need their rest! Thanks for following along with #SUinNYCTheater Go see 'End of the Rainbow' and support our alums!
Almost ready to head over to Webster Hall for some Heartless Bastards.
Jon Hamm narrating the intro the NFL Draft coverage. He's everywhere.
$4 Captain & Cokes tonight, plus a bar tab for being the smartest in the room at It pays to drink at Fire!
the airplanes are too old these days...
I think I just saw Tommy Amaker walking into a frat on grunge night
Keep your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall.
Your kids will never be this age again. Capture the moments while you can :)
No question. Who would have thunk THESE teams would be battling for a playoff spot!
WOW! Thx !!! RT In 2011, we will be donating 10% of profits to charity. A few of our favorites are,,
RT : Half the reason I'm on Twitter are for moments like this RT : RT : ARE YOU READY FOR A MIRACLE!
I'm back oh wait I never said bye I think
Listen to the Jake and Kyle show tonight on www.wolfpackradio.org @ 9.
you are one of my favorite players for the US. I wish you the best but I'm MLS at heart. this is the 1st time rooting against you
What did you work out? I'm about to head to the gym myself.
you're back! Hadn't seen / heard from you since I last read the back page of SI print magazine in '89.
Let me back up:I suggest the Cirque take over CBC's main entertainment channel.CBC journalists could keep their NHL News Network(and sports)
Practice went amazing!! So ready for studio tomorrow!!
true lol how you doing brother?
Looking 4ward to Taste of Dine Originals tonight. Event benefits the Buckeye Ranch- helping kids w/ mental & behavioral issues. Great cause.
!!!! I was really hoping you'd make those! Can't wait to try one!
Ugh!!! I can't believe we have to wait until the fall for more #walkingdead episodes!! PS- Rick is the man!!
Good luck to the U.S. Women's soccer team today!!
How is it?
I cant wait to go to mami next year
When things seem unduly slow to get done, I tend to say "it's like swimming in molasses!".
what is so funny?!?!? now you are making me laugh!
good comeback so far! Keep cheering
Hey Vikings - : Eagles shopping CB Asante Samuel in recent days, according to NFL sources. Looking to make trade before draft
oh and follow and !! that's their personal accounts! :) :)
Check this video out on American Legacy's mobile tour youtu.be/G1fP48EqGg0?t=16s. For more videos visit www.youtube.com/AmericanLegacyMag
Service sector grows at slower pace
It is AMAZING outside. Already in the 50s!
Al Horford misses the first!!!!!!
Use code save10 to get 10% off any class lesson activity or camp at www.campopoly.com (twitter or Facebook followers only)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY #CAKEBOSS ! YOU'RE GETTING FAR BAEZA ; I LOVE YOU MAN !
God damn...I'm so scared.
u better hope luck is all worth this or this is on your head!.... Poor indy
your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 41
Jeff, you pretty much are already! One of the best advocates I know! :)
Awesome, expect an email or fb or linkedin message from me :)
Austin traffic, you're really pissing me off today! Don't you know I have a project due?! No more wrecks, please!
OMG hope u can find sumtyme reasonable
Some Messiasscan kid brought crack to school and got his Daddy, Mama, and Uncle locked up.... smh.
RT : R.I.P.-- Levon Helm--let them hear your drum approaching the pearly gates....godspeed
vitamins for women Viviscal Hair and Scalp Treatment Extra Strength Tablets for
need to strike that fear back into teams visiting OT, you come here to get twatted so bend over!
Keep stamping those yelow Super Shopper cards! Drop them off on March 13 to enter to win. We giving away $1500 bin prizes that day!
i actually hate my life atm...
Thanks. Gonna stay away from listening to it until I've seen the film.
follow adam & carlos' personal twitters! ,
At San Quentin this afternoon prepping for Friday's Demo Day
look for up day on friday, depends on job numbers, potential reversal going into end of day.friday
I feel like we should wait to hear Adele's ex-boyfriend's songs before we choose sides.
Spilled water on kitchen floor, am too #tired & #lazy to clean it up. Should dry by morning, right?
Chef said he'd be trying blue catfish for them, so hope I get to try it Thurs! He said it's a great choice for that menu item.
UGH, he is going to hell!
stop checking! I bet it's there tomorrow :)
i once drove through OKC and there was literally trash flying around totally deserted streets. like a Mad Max movie.
send it to me O_O
I fangirl hard for ! Forever a brat<3
IM ON INSTAGRAM GOING IN FOLLOW ME ASAP
Watching St. Elmo's on TV for the hundreth time. Love it like the first. Also a MD Alum so love the football scene at frat row.
Yes, he's a brilliant player. But paying a huge sum of money for an often injured 28 y/o with 1 consistent season is nuts.
is about Kurt, a single dad, that after being fired, decides to open his own business of cooking & selling frozen food.
#FF My Brothers
Thanks a lot for the RT! If you come tomorrow night we'll give you a free Magic Hat shirt at the door. (sorry we only have XL left)
It was great catching up earlier this week my friend. Have project we might be able to work on that popped up. Chat next week?
jeffrey dean morgan makes my snow melt!
the 3/26 Joseph event will be captured LIVE & played on a tape delay in PST. All 4/4 shows will be played back from the LIVE event
Wheels up! Heading to Memphis
El Salvador scores to tie Honduras 1-1 in the first of two games at #LSP!
I need you to teach me how to use submishmash.
Ace Ventura impersonations are super relevant in 2012. Thanks
gurl I'm pretty sure thats you're job & name.
i think i can help :) RT : It's #WorldVeganDay today! To celebrate I wish I had the new flavor - jalapeno....
Pre-Spring-Break get-together Thursday March 8 - hangout at Fox & Hound, 7-11pm. (Happy hour 4-8pm.)
Tyson Chandler you are dirty as fu*k !
Lol..They do wrk the shit out a mf.Damn I miss the town.Parkridge would not B boring
Headed to guru guidance lunch, then webinar hosted by GHT!
I love working in the Latino community because when I think I'm late, I'm actually on time
great to see u on campus the other day! ALSO, luv ur twitter "about me". u stay hella bossy : p haha
No one fucking cares
The NFL draft is one of, if not the, most over-hyped events in all of sports.
my easter was good and your ?(;
This bitch goin so she should Fuck then niggas n make me sum money
When u hot u hot! "YE we jus gettin warm" Stay Tuned! Amen
The odds are 1 in 11 you’ll be in a vehicle accident this year. Don’t text and drive.
I am SO Excited to see tonight. Pre-order special performance in BKLYN. Making my work day go by too slow.
WHEN WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO OUT. I WOULD WINE AND DINE YOU AND TREAT YOU LIKE A QUEEN. YOUR SUCH A BEAUTIFUL LADY.
section 110 row t seat 5
The Library will close in 30 minutes.
Social media should be personal; if you seem like you're trying to sell something, it won't work.
yes. cuz my gut says that means no one responsible for the #oilspill will get hit. BP as a company will get a fine.
Funny when I hear ppl say "I wanna c what that new Dorito taco taste like" um I'm just guessing here but I would say doritos with taco meat?
I am so loving football season.....
RT : RT : Panel: In the era of Cloud, IT needs to become an opportunity center instead of a cost center.
Its not great, but I am glad to have won $1520 in Pick 3 since June 2nd. We finally have a system, so we have $280 since last Friday.
Seriously, this is the place to be right now.
We threaten a government shutdown when two sides differ more on ideology and less on actual budget. So much for compromise.
learned of a yound Iranian poet with thoughtful lyrics anti-dogma of religion
4 altruistic Indianapolis-area children make a difference - Indianapolis Star
Fox News is already a farce...
Jon is "working"
True Steez Florida College Tour is in the works, RT if you want us to play in your college town!
#backwhenIwaslittle I was legit convinced I was a kangaroo. Ask anyone. I jumped everywhere I went.
I'm so sorry. My heart is with you.
Assemblage 23 was awesome last night at the Fez Ballroom in PDX
ok cool I don't mind jus being twitter friends
RINGringring!! HEllo??? Hi HAnnaH!!! thanks for following!! #mofonesla love you!
will do man thanks for checking us out!
Represent Christ with all your actions
see you tomorrow!
omg yes ! They have people who are addicted to drinking gasoline
Please follow and support our good friend
Greeting guests Marc Miller (Cornell); Bradley Cantrell (LSU) and Jon Christensen (Stanford ) for Now Urbanism workshop visualizing history
that interview was amazing. Great job
": Can you please talk with your mouth full?"
have fun babygirl!! congrats to !!
My dentist is unreal! The absolute best of the best. I have officially adopted him and all of his staff into my family!
spinning all night. Come get your fix of the best dance music in the city.
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz
Bomb shelter << bomb shelter bracket.
SMH jk tell me what happens so I don't have to waste 2 hours pls <3
a simple "hi" makes me a very HAPPY GIRL(: please RT !!
I remember when you told me you were all about the blackberry. Guess you finally figured out what's better! :)
You know how we think!
That's good(:
Do we push if both win the same number?
Goals for the rest of the day: run errands, do homework, then figure out how to be a grown up :-D
"I wanna make something that I myself would want to watch…and I just happen to want to watch some really sick stuff." -Sacha Baron Cohen
14 days until the next season begins.
Why can't us locals be told where you are? Makes me want to STOP watching!!
like what? Help me out >.<
it's about time all of my Chelsea visits paid off, lol!
Happy #ValentinesDay, FITzees! You know WE love you (and you love us, of course!)- who else are you spending this day of love with?
Success--- Accomplishment of an aim. I believe anyone can find success.
A man is what he thinks about all day long. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Shabadoo's will take the stage tonight at 6:30pm. Kick off the weekend at Fatso's!
Icecream is the one thing that can always make me feel better
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My Family Friends, Life, And School
Happy Friday!!!! Don't forget to "Get Stinky" this weekend :) Hope you all have a great weekend!!!!
I would like to see thanks to my new followers.Here's two websites to save money,each has a deal of the day livingsocial.com groupon.com
more east side open houses this Sunday, details TBA
okay now i gotta go :) byebye goodnight
Barnett tells the rest of the board they've helped cause the problem and push the district closer to insolvency
I'm forming new ConnectingCircles today! There will be new events on the GirlFriendCircles calendar!
love ya to
Cool... How are you liking it so far? Maybe you can get to the studio next time and I are working
please follow me:)
its not that bad out. theres snow everywhere! but I am going to Pennsylvania in a little while, i hope it's ok there.
Abduction was ABSOLUTELY the worst movie of 2011!!
PART OF THE CREW
We looked into the issue and contacted the customer that is associated with this account. Please DM if you still have issues!
That's Rachel's strawberry lemonade at Claim Jumper. It was delightful.
Take Ron artest out the damn game
Brand names are often no better than generic & you're purchasing the label, not the product itself.
Here at your service. and snark.
thanks, we love you too
thug nasty
Bad news travels fast.
I'm reading 's book & I saw a nice review from my little friend! (Note how I didn't say Gini Winnie..ha)
James encouraging risk and accepting failure to continue to drive creativity #ideaseconomy. Innovation = a maze.
First it was "Vibe In A Circle" | Now its on to that "Bounce It Off Her Head" | Next is that "Thirsty"
Lex In The Cities events coming up ! Cinco de Mayo celebration, Festival of Nations, Bingo-a-Gogo & comic books! We're outside!
scorpios get along but wed be too much alike
I feel like spencer is a better person now
- What's the point of Prop A if it's not to ban PLA's? Why ban something the City of SD has never had?
interested in a special LATISM Daily group to syndicate and allow users to favorite, reshare or join the group (get updates)?
I really don't care for head so just lick it right quick n let me do you so I can fuck! LMAO
My pleasure! Glad I could help.
Poetry draft down, Spanish and SS to go.
Broccoli is a super source of antioxidants!
Heehee ! RT I'd be gay only if it was ok with Kirk Cameron.
nope, I know it will be busy though, the guys are installing a huge glass wall. I'll be back on Monday.
Coffee with in the Rockwell clocktower. Damn I love this city!
"That's So #Ravid It's a future I can see. That's So #Ravid It's so mysterious to me." - #Ravid theme song =)
That's the plan. We'll have to wait and see. And I guess it depends on what you mean by "come out more?"
Hey, for tonight's show, what time does the first band start? 8pm? Or is that doors? Thanks!!
Sometimes I wonder, "Why is that frisbee getting bigger?" ... and then it hits me.
finished community meeting regarding Lycee Francais -- if you want to provide input on the project, email .
The Architectural Team in Chelsea is doing outstanding design work.. for more than 20 Years. Met with them yesterday to plan a project.
I was unaware!
Stunt-in is a Habit..I do it naturally
Unless its a text message for more crabs, no.
i only eat so i can continue to drink
Yo, I miss BART. LA public transportation sucks big time!
Finally got a chance to read the newsletter. Wonderful articles and thanks for featuring me.
Hey gummy fans, have you all gotten toys with your McDonalds happy meals before? McDonalds is the largest toy distributor in the world!
Actually doing my Italian project.
Hunt: In meetings I asked policymakers why Muslims were defined by religion but not Serbs and Croats.
My cat just nipped my foot for attention while I was typing. How is she still so cute?
i went from 165 followers 2 177 i love u all EVERYBODY
love love love :D
I refuse to let the stupidity of others ruin this awesome mood I'm in right now.
Steve Blake earn a start in the next round. Bring on the Thunder.
love is a powerful thing.
Check out Partners In Sound on Facebook! www.facebook.com/partnersinsound
Junior seau..... Sad tragic news
Gmc2 coming soon, sorry for the delay but I got a serious protional team now, they dropping the single first then the tape shortly after!
How can I get a print of a photo from I AM EQUAL shot in Jacksonville, FL?
“: So NYRB jersey sighting not "random," but not expected or frequent.”
Dude! Where? Vagueposting is NOT cool! Details. Pronto!
Attitudes like yours continue to divide this country and keep us from making progress. I have no respect or tolerance for that.
Thanks! @ The Ford Partnership Marketing Workshop!! Great stuff...
I'll be in SF next weekend. Let's meet up?
enter to win! 1.5 hours left to enter, winner will be selected at 3:00 pm..who is excited for the Galaxy vs. RSL??
you should have killed me when you had the chance
I louve it!
Chilling with my people :D
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Must be unique, Make a promise, Deliver value.
My presentation at 9 is starting with trivia! Win a tee.
Traveling to LA to visit me...
Track "Take it away" is my favorite on this CD but "Searching 4u and Good life" got a better responce form fans of music.
Yes! I could never create that look without going to the hair salon. So pretty!
Pau Gasol caught on his heels waiting for that rebound to come to him.
Actually, one speaker just chastised the board: "Make us grateful, not hateful"
haha i just turned 14 in march :)
whether you're a morning person or not, working out while you have the most energy will yield the best results
I'm cooking me some popcorn! <3 Yummy :D
[yes a good place to start] RT : A4: I always suggest LinkedIn first, especially for the social media-fobia types
probably out smokin' a bowl
it won't let me see it,
I love you! follow me?
I enjoyed reading your interview in
Photos, video: Para-equestrian training camp
Gorgeous day to drive across Pennsylvania
TGIF! Thank God I'm Free?? Oh wait.. Thank God I'm fabulous?? hrmmm :/ Oh yeah! Thank God It's Friday!!!
Great time at Harvest Fair. On to Porktoberfeast - October 15th here at Tommy G. Thompson Youth Center.
How Is Everyone's Christmas So Far?? (:
Don't you just HATE the feeling of being sick ! 😱
Somethinqs in life are just confusinq and i wonder why some people do the thinqs they do ???.
Wondering how Events can work with a digital signage solution? Attend the webinar 11/3 at Noon CST to find out!
Have a shuffle dance lesson.
RT : Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today.
So excited! My training books just came in for my promotion :) ready to make this big step!
Check out the #FlashMob video I just posted! You'll love it!!!
Premium Business Cards 50% OFF SALE, thick, glossy or matte, color 2 sides and free shipping, offer starts 08/25/10. www.spheregs.com
Hey , Cam was working out with the great Warren Moon this week. Did u see the ESPN report from Trent Dilfer this week?
Watching Entourage season 7. Its been far too long, and I don't care if Vince is down I still love this show.
Huntsman: 18th Party Congress in China in Oct. Rise of fifth generation, which was tempered by 8-10% economic growth
Panic! At the Disco <3
I hate what if's. Because I wonder what if I never said what I said & what if we shared a simple K.I.S.S.
I cry myself to slEep because no one likes me...... Please be my friend
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, and very talented, I love you
Got any projects i could help you with?
#DragonflyRockstars S/O
When my dog gets scared during storms and snuggles up with me >> 🐶
check out the graphics on fb "graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what ya think...
Hey, Mark. Want to catch-up with you about that MiFi unit. Any chance I can pick it up? Cheers!
I have seen some bad spirals out of Colt today....
and : digital space has potentiality for messy and sexy ways of resistance
How was Midem!?
fukk it. We'll do it live
RT RT Boehner says "the president is refusing to get serious about addressing our fiscal and economic challenges."
I am in a serious amount of pain.. thank God for
sfjazz spring season app is up! free at apple app store and android market.
Thank you!:) You too. Stay blessed!
Thank you for the awesome #RumpusRoom blog post!
Oh, tough choice! Probably the track day...
Phone turned off and about to unplug from all social media networks for the next 3-4hrs. Ttyl world.
...was going to say, it applies as soon as a woman opens her mouth or starts typing, apparently.
you're easily my favourite person on twitter!x
In the immortal words of the situation. Ima do me. You do you.
This Paper-View You Got To Pay For This
I </3 acne. Enof said D<
#YoureGettingPunchedIf you decide to be a homewrecker and ruin my relationship
i love your journey! Have fun :-)
I need some new Apps on my phone >.<
Longest. Day. Ever.
Pop quiz: Who sang the 1976 hit song "Car Wash" from the movie of the same name?
Nice to connect with you! RT : Thanks for the follow passionate about helping others live healthier
Two episodes in and don hasn't cheated on his wife. Is draper a new man?
it's all good, soon we'll be reunited while exchanging laptops...
Watching american dad on netflix.
im changin my major…this nursing && all this science not gon work…its not interestin anymore…&& im not bout 2 keep doin somethin im not into
I bet Meg I'd get less than 7 happy B-day messages on FB. I've already lost. (In my defense, I didn't know that it reminds you.)
Saying less will keep you from saying something foolish. Once the words are out you cannot take them back.
Sims 3 Late Night Freezes - Sims 3 Late Night Keeps Freezing, How Do I Fix It?
Scary: My fave black concert shirt has a label. Which means it's 11+yrs old, bought when I was 50lbs (3.5st) heavier. Gulp.
Please fallow me of you haven't done so ;)
I swear I have nerves of steel, but people are really trying to break me.
Em is the shit haaha ! RT:“: Lmao dedicate that song puke to your ex gf she will probably cry”
In exactly 4 hours, I will be a senior.
McCartney closing was awesome. Awesome!
Paeme would like to wish all our followers a very Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm hungry as fuck wish my Pakistan bros down spring garden was still open.
#kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
Thanks! Glad we've connected. :) RT : yay introverts! Love your website. :)
how awesome. My old stomping grounds. What are you doing down there?
How about finding out first hand? We are open for submissions for a June launch.
What the Social Web Can Learn from Burning Man
I know you aren't really joking
i feel very happy right now! A lot to look forward to so glad to have my health back and under control :)
OMG, Bring back the Riches!
that would be perfect! but i'll take slightly chilly---i'm makin' cocoa!
M! Granola bars.
🎀 please sayy hi to me!!
Yes! Come back here! I'll find you somehow ahaha :) (that was really stalkerish please don't notice it...)
It's All Good on #productionvault. Find a giveaway promo, sweep, & Cue 2 call for new album.
What an AMAZING conference. Big THANK YOU to !!
in the house asking what's the point of museum websites, online collections
or you could find an excuse to get sent out to SF for "work" right?
thanks for the mention OSU Buckeye Clipin's . Remy human hair on clips in the OSU Buckeye Colors they are 10 a peice.
Happy New year! now...do I write just 11 on my papers or do I write 2011? hm...
I GET OUT JUNE 21st -.-
"The highest test of the civilization of any race is in its willingness to extend a helping hand to the less fortunate." Booker T Washington
In the process of switching our blog from to Better custom CSS control = win.
Need a weekend promo? Check out the Trace Adkins giveaway promo, sweep, and cue 2 call!
In-Depth Approach, Lasting Change -Oakland Office, Rockridge BART
Oaktree Capital founder new owner of Manhattan's priciest co-op
Goodnight see everyone out tomorrow
Traveling Circle tonight at Lit Lounge with Weird Owl and Brookly Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Ur Big Blue stats are incredible! Thanks for the info. Hope my UK followers give u a follow!
I was going to a Movie Theater to watch Mission Impossible 4 and then BOOM Human Giraffe sits right in front of me!!!FML
She sent me this Tweet on July 24th 2011. Can She see the future? RT CapTel has been waiting for you.
when you're lost and you're tired.. when you're broken into, let my love take you higher.
Lakefront 10 Mile Run shirts just so happen to be Scarlet and Grey. #GoBucks!
so tired imm not going to school
Have never been big soda drinker but since recent heart issues, rarely have any type of pop now at all. Funny...I don't miss it! Water 4 me!
This week has been rough. Thrilled it is finally Friday!
Pinkam PAC.org blog shared by W.I.G.: "Do Lobbyists Have Influence?" Public affairs weekly blog, "Public Affairs Perspective."
On my way to Cali love you erinn
“: BRAVES WIN 7-4 and sweep the Cardinals!”
We did! Several of our marketing team staff regularly read articles from your site :)
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in the world in relation to its size. #odd facts
Amazing weekend at Jump! Thank you dancers for all your hard work. Next stop Revolution!
Josh does car talk.(;
And Kevin Spacey just gave a shutout for Long Day's Journey !!! And Nathan Darrow!
I'm stuck behind an extreme couponer at target... She has like 500 coupons...
Aww thanks!! I really appreciate that :)
Go to UALBANY libraries website, Search for Databases..choose one..EBSCO or JSTOR are good.
THANK YOU!
Glad you thought so! Thx for checking it out :)
Round 2 of potential new roommate interviews continues tonight. Bonus: Am using our hospitality as excuse to test out my lemon cakes recipe!
so why such an intense week?
when you have to make regular stops at the dry cleaners for your blazer
HAPPY HANUKKAH to all my Jewish tweeties out there.
Rough day, huh?
one of these days i have to go through all the bands that sent me messages!
Chris: If you're okay w/walking 8 blocks, go to Il Bistro underneath the market. STIFF cocktails & great HH food
When one door closes another one opens, but is usually someone just trying to air out the bathroom.
My hair is literally turning orange
nice one 
": Thanks so much!!!! One is good enough. Thanks for being a blesing ill send that to u asap" happy to give back
Glad I changed my bracket to having Mich st win it all instead of mizzou
That tweet was me holding my tongue and being polite, but if we are close, you know how I really feel.
about 5 eps behind. Heard the finale is bananas.
I wish I was 18 so I could do whatever the he'll I want!!
Good luck everyone on their final day! Hope it's been spectacular. Bummed not to be there.
Rochelle seems quiet today, I guess she has no good news
The ways around everything we just got to find it and use it to our advantage like our counters do over and over again.
i did not see one art at art walk last night, but i heard a girl throw up
#NP Miles Davis - Kind of Blue
RIM opens Blackberry World with "Forgotten" by André Sobota. You can't make this stuff up.
I sort of like this tweet. Better than the emotional cutter one. RT : I heart
Im One Of Them Skinny People That Always Call Myself Fat. Bitches Be Like.... O.o stfu
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
Fancy subway, wanna come? :D
She got that thick sauce i call it Ragu ..!!
I get mad because I care
"I'm also against indentured servitude but that doesn't make me want to ban farming" today's Daily Rumpus is a good one.
Comcast let's get the server fixed.
I didn't get to see it! when's it on again please?
I need to talk to
The ants are my lunch buddies.
If this wasn't a standing desk, it'd be a sleeping desk cc/
If you're young, you probably still buy into the concept that people shouldn't do things that are wrong.
on it
I wanna go home! #ThatsAll 
Payphone - Maroon 5 this song is incredible.
Are you watching Homeland? I don't have Showtime but I'm considering adding it to Netflix.
Me: no i'm not religious, but i am passionate about people being passionate about the idea of religion... Friend: um, okay.
I was just informed that he grew up in my town and like went to my high school....lol clearly I live under a rock
Idk if I feel like going to this honors banquet for school. I already know I'm an honor XD
Mfs love social networks
RT : Sacramento's weather is so bipolar.
#edshow Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIE-PINKO ANCHOR ROBOT
I will not bash Luke Walton. Smart player, better than people remember before his body betrayed him. He'll make a good coach one day.
Just when you think you're in remission and she's finally out of your life, she comes right back to haunt you. Cancerous.
no, a little wet behind the ears maybe lol
are you doing anything with your LinkedIn group, Young Professionals Job & Career Network?
They'll never be able to pull u down if they can't reach u
He fell kinda awkwardly on his hand earlier. I guess he's ok but I was nervous 'cause he was shaking it off a lot.
Just ordered new #karaoke music from
Wait, Cole Hamels suspended? So, he admitted he intentionally hit Bryce Harper. it's not like he hit him in the head or the knee. C'mon...
way to stay postitive
#BOYFRIEND Justin Bieber now on ITUNES
Wow, Sawney! You were "special".
cant wait to go to your concert on August 20th :)
ok. Well lemme know whatever you decide to do.
follow me please
Swiss Int'l Hotel Xiamen launches opening ceremony on Apr 28 - What's on Xiamen
you can sign up for FREE on richmondnightout.com - or call me at 955-7257 for more info
If you only kewn , but you don't ..so ha
Site Build It! is designed around a simple formula, which they refer to as CTPM
My intro paragraph for wickham's essay is done! Four more paragraphs to go :P
There goes the algae vote for Gingrich. Plantlike organisms, take note...
you should def go for it !!!! You'd be such a bad bitch.
Whenever you tryna lose
NP: Me-N-U by Rudy Currence
For your eye care, how do you know if you should see an ophthalmologist, optometrist, or optician? At Corrective Eye Center, our...
I love working at Jeffrey Burr!
It's all true, especially the part about me smiling...
Looking forward to #CT2011 in Boston - would like to meet up with #publichealth school distancelearning professionals. Tweet me
What's your final score prediction? MNF
Thk you! I shared your pic w/ some teachers & we're planning to have our kids create "what I really need" signs.
umm come to think of it, i sent ww a text like a week ago and she ain't eeem respond. *side eyes * lol
Congrats to Operation Oliver! They received a governor's Volunteer Service Award yesterday for their great work!
When will you be joining us in the Hero Academy madness?
A brave man seldom is hurt in the back.
Why is everyone good so far away and everyone close is ugly AF. Like come on...
Enough with doleouts - Gold Star Daily World News
i am oh so happy to have found .. i am now a fan .. thank you for making #music :-)
Sounds good to me!
I got some cool ass followers
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. — The Shawshank Redemption
If I start narrating my drug addiction, it's because I'm watching alternating episodes of Scrubs and Nurse Jackie.
"I promise to bias my children with perspective..." Raghava KK delivers a great quickie on TED! What's your perspective on this?...
>> We Provide Quality Specialty Items…Discounts Available…FREE Shipping.
"the total amount of water in a man of average weight is approximately 40 litres, averaging 57 percent of his total body weight"
we have a few PA dates coming up! Check the tourdates tab on our facebook!
I crack myself up.!!
how could you not!? I laugh sometimes!
Good morning world !!! Photo choices of the day: Museum of Natural History and Meat Packing District. Remember to smile. Its worth it !
not guts :) Just part of the job & results will maybe come out next week when all of the dances air
I have a MacBook Pro and an iPhone. Don't need an iPad. Too big for pocket, too lame as real computer.
Live Fast,Have Fun, Be A Bit Mischievous-Louis Tomlison
To the people who never get a goodnight text, here's a goodnight tweet for you.💙 goodnight! Sleep good only to return to heck at 8 am.
Post nf going indie? RT : Sneak preview of U-T Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35% of voters remain undecided. Same as March.
see: Hamilton, Josh
Jerricho Cotchery reportedly meeting with #Ravens tonight ... I still like Housh better !!!!
Lady gaga thank you for helping myself to facing my problems I love you so much MOTHER MONSTER ♥.♥ :D
haha I just like the Canucks one. Especially the Malkin rap. lol
love love the way you have described seeing live ; how he evokes a mood when he sings ; magical singing powers too
Answer our trivia question at 3pm today for a chance to win tix.
Pretty damn satisfied with my day of mind-blowing, ass-kicking theatre.
What is more tedious and unwatchable? Four days of Vikings Stadium debate at the State Capital or a Twins home stand.
Wish this fucking cough would go away
patience is the key
Food is officially smashed...Gone!!! Burp!!
That person who you have to be nice to but you want to throw a brick at their head.
STELLAR show tonight. Thanks to all the fans for support & the other bands AND to the stage jumper who got her high fives & free shirt.
GOT IT! YES!!!!! So when can I also get a 5&B suit made?
happy Easter to you too!
I Need You God! Open My Ears To Hear And My Eyes To See! My Own Intellect Fails Me At This Time! Again, I Need You God!
No way it was thunderstorming here last night.
Restricted to being friends. Depressing haha. But that won't stop me ;)
love u
text me !
wanna do. Hopefully ill be in New York.
Nope, finished that up for the time being in August. Working for AT&T telesales!
This is a World Spring and we are not going to takes this shit anymore
"Oh hold—do hold me! 80 meandering years of dying they are, but Gold thrusts from us: infinite golden medulla-beams which are called #Love;"
come by tomorrow morning, learn basic bike repair and enjoy a croissant, bagel and lox or your fav brunch beverage with some groovy folks
What's the deal sir? Continued success!
I'm sure you can go smash a couple windows and get them for free. Makes more sense than what others are looting nowadays...
perhaps because they are "liberals"?
done, well done, burnt
Started with a 53. Talked to the prof and had 3 red-Xs changed to right. That, Sean Payton, is how you win an appeal...
Bo, physical media!
You do not drink alcohol and use anti depressives. THINK!
Can anyone recommend a disk repair tool for Windows? I've got a 3TB NTFS drive that suddenly isn't recognized.
awww yea!!!! Tomorrow tomorrow!!
Minus the head deflection own goal, Andrew Jean-Baptiste goal and defensive play were the biggest advantage in the match.
when we wake up n the mornin, we hav 2 simple choices:1)go back 2 sleep or 2)wake up & chase those dreams. Coice is yours...
We love all of you guys!! Here do or die.
Win a pair of shoes next week - post your photos on instagram and include #pfsalemarkham in the caption
True. RT : snoop and dre make me proud to be an angeleno
The wink and the gun RT : Note: you can use "sport", "chief" or "pal" of you're not in a "champ" mood.
#CincodeMayo is quickly approaching. What's your favorite Mexican food/drink? Strawberry margarita, anyone?
Good night world
What would you wear to a job interview?
How to wipe your data clean from your hard drive: via
hahaha they're only gonna get bigger now!
Thanks, perry!
He even followed me to work one day to chat about the football book I was reading
Was Sup Lady?
its on in 1 hour for you i'm pretty sure. It comes on at 8, so you got 1 hour :"
Gotta love those memories that when you think of them you cant help but smile :)
Sweet Tennessee honey
M! RT : Shrimp Cocktail is only $5 at Harry & Izzy's Downtown tonight! Come get some and come see me 
I don't know where they bought them, I doubt you do, and it is irrelevant. I was only addressing the inconsistency of your comment.
haha i read it...spoiler alert ;)...or is it??
this is hard to write, but its 7-0 Rangers over the right now. We need some #oriolesmagic big time.
:) ill get one on sept.21 and not cuz its "HER" birthday...blah!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Scariest email of the day: Sears advertising "Christmas Lane" deals already. I know Hallmark starts selling ornaments on Saturday! Ack.
We're posting more consistently this qtr to feature awesome lib people + resources. Become a library insider and follow !
bad dreams... rough morning...
Whatsup ? I hope all is well for you this offseason. Big things next year!
Thank you for the RT. ^dy
About time! Congratulations
you can wear me out inside
Ur not the bad guy I'll take tat role #nosmartness intended
sorry so late, but thanks!
currently power pointing the shit out of a presentation.
My name is I and my problem is LOVE and my solution is YOU!!! <3
Today in 1988 George Bell of the #BlueJays became the 1st player to hit 3 home runs on Opening Day.
Commissioner Saltzman commends the public involvement efforts. "Now we've got a plan that will serve us for the next 25 years."
#seniorconfessionhour All the lunch ladies used to be OG cholas, I just know it...
well, on the bright side, im tryin to do english homework too!
I would hope so. We have a meeting in twenty mins. Hahahaha
I am what they say I am What they write about me say about me I am what you say I am Lucifer I am Your lying those mothafuckers are lying
Bummed & angry that I probably won't see the biggest moon of the year rise over Lake Michigan cause it's supposed to be overcast all weekend
Pumpkin pie frappe sound good to you? Its on special this week!! Yummy:)
Thinking about my mother who turns 70 this weekend. How do you mark a milestone birthday like that without making someone feel old?
Recommended Follow. #Conservation #Environment & check it out!
RT : That's right folks! 21 Hours of travel, but made it home before 3pm!!! <= Nice job. =)
Interesting that "Phil Knight" and "Chip Kelly" are both trending on Twitter. Wonder why no other fans are mentioned?
so you think its ok for same sex marriage to happen?
Thanks for the awesome Civil Wars 10"!
Seven car crash John Nolen EB. Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park. Avoid the area.
so we have a DD there AND back??
RT : Missing my friends in Guatemala tonight. Wish I could be beamed there. Right now./I'll join you!
#Milwaukee could be the location for the 2012 convention in Nov. How great would that be for our City???!!!
How long do you think it took the committee to add "The" is the real question? Days? Weeks? I am really curious.
I'm really tired of my mind being cloudy.
The InnoNet team has a new incoming member. You may already know her. Stay tuned for updates!
#schoolmemories Blowing before arrival
In the session on Twitter
The Barnes and Noble in Union Square is AMAZING! So many floors! So elegant! Almost and entire floor devoted to Children's!
nope. broken all day. rapsody it is.
What up doe twitter world. First tweet live from Detroit!
I'm laying down thinking bout chu
ok I guess i'll do this.
YOU ALWAYS TWEET MY LIFE.
no problem. Happy Thursday!
dude!Don't say shit like that 2 Bwood and yes we can afford it!Cause we have them, I guess there not gonna use it just for that
Welcome to twitter
Stay classy , San Diego !
Charlie Patton, Skip James, Robert Johnson, and Son House.
LAST CHANCE - Cyber Monday Sale ends tonight at midnight! BOGO kids ticket for Shrek the Musical! www.broadwayacrossamerica.com/blackFriday
haha I'm in your bathroom right now.
Covered in glitter I say it was a good night ;) #IWorkVsYourVacation I win :)
So - Thursday, whatcha got for me????
I'm good thank you! It's a very nice day!
Just finished eating the most unhealthiest breakfast ever.. I feel so guilty😥
What grade are you going to be in? (:
Ricky is official writing lyrics for the song that we pre pro'd today. Got the frame now we just need the picture. Ooh good metaphor.
thanks Judah! It was a very nice little road trip. Cool composers are everywhere!
thanks for the post!
My favorite ABDC6 Memorie? When told his story About missing his sister c;
how often is Kentucky gonna go 35/37 on FTs and us go 30% from 3? RARE. We beat you once, you beat us. If we suck, you do too.
Blah bored text it up at 239 284 8475 also gotta stop by the recording studio later so i can throw down some more tracks its just a demo
Everyone loves my hair lol. But 4 real, that isn't a lie about the essence of who they are. That's what u got to keep real.
Awesome long b-day lunch w/friends and now chillin' at main stage of SJ Jazz fest. Great Sunday!
happy mothers day mom <3
Why is it so easy to fall for someone you know will never fall for you!?
I see you are getting the hang of updating www.HoopDreamsOnline.com | Good work
Can I atleast get a "hello"?? If I do I will cry but happy tears!
I'm frustrated cuz I want business cards & a site to shw wrk. Even FREE wrk I do like pics of ppl at monuments or parks etc
I love masterlock for being there for their employees here in Wisconsin!
Off to apply for a job at the place I love !
lol! Middle of the turn pike, a bird pooped on mine. :/
can you please email your donation request to ? Thanks! ~Lisa
My dad just admitted to me that he puts the phone down when I talk, and picks it up every 1 min to say "yeah, that B$&%* is crazy" #<3myfam
cool. well, next week would be awesome. we have ACST peeps in this week. you are loved, but I cannot call you The Bratcher.
Kimchi for dinner
Oops, that was ! Thanks f/the retweets, know we'll get some fabulous candidates.
#il2011 the face-off is to librarians what wait-wait-don't-tell-me is to NPR
Sometimes it can be hard to help somebody when you tryin to get right ur own self
I know that feeling :( safe flight RT Heart is sinking at the thought of going back.I wish I could keep staying on in Mumbai.
im hungry ! lol
Sucks about your cancer and I'm glad you beat the hell out of it. My point that jokes about the homeless are akin to racism.
"I'm sorry. Mom's dress just should not be shorter than her top." #overheard #grocerystore 0_o
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO SUBSCRIBED TO YOUTUBE CHANNEL ENJOY THE VIDEOS! WWW.YOUTUBE.COM/JACKIEDAMODEL
Congrats to the winners of my Harvey Prince giveaway - check your emails! Just emailed all the winners :)
Yes #caps!
I promise you half the people in this class have to be half retarded
If God has forgiven you, why can't you forgive yourself~BAMM.
perfecto! glad we could be of assistance :)
told you... God isn't with me when it comes to betting
I read a lot of bad reviews for a movie I thought was pretty good. How did you rate John Carter?
#SDBlackout lead me to all my secrets. And I'm disappointed and thrilled @ the same time
CONGRATS--->>RT : «-- Winner of The 352 Graphic Designer of the Year 2011 Award... Im aiming for next year too. :-)
Pickup Line: You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
that was good!
searching for a QA Sup in Visalia area
hope all went well
Here comes da BOOM
I drove 45 minutes to hear the trombone player I heard he is a prodigy
I'm so scared. Totally scared.
Sweet your welcome :)
RT : I'm making a political statement, everytime I make my booty pop
#HaveUEverNoticed that on every flight there is always a crying baby and a mother ignoring it LOL
JETS NO PROB BUT THE VIQUEENS NO WAY THATS JUST BEING A DICK
kool. just smoking a stoge. How is you?
Hey guys, i love your work. I any chance of letting me do some videos for you. Willing to work for FREE!!!!!
yeah! 1st time I heard it 'ehhhh' second time 'aiight this is prutty good' then the third i was freaking dancing round the house
I like the sound of that....you coming out to Rocket Bar?
"sometimes WAITING is the hardest thing... but prove to be the best thing for you!"
I am thinking I would need the AND NOT condition because of the potential for multiple item records with different status values
Thanks for the syllabus!
"I'm the exception." "You are my exception." Ugh, why can't it be that simple.
right ugh i gotta go the bell rang i love you
If only they were free and already set up exactly as I need them to be!
Oh! so sorry to hear that
Can't wait to see it in action! RT : Finally finished the marketing plan and timeline for BEauty on June 22!
Thank you :) RT Now playing: 'Falling further in' by October Project (1995). It's a true Classic Album in my book.
Thankful for our freedom and the all the Vets that put it on the line for that freedom!!
McCann wins Olympics pays $15M in the form of mrkt services, smart on one front but good luck getting a raise from your other clients
REMEMBER ARTICLE WRITERS: www.ArticleOnCall.com
you got this!
no kidding
we miss you too :)
Justin Tuck: "We're going to win. One hundred percent we're going to win ... because we're the best."
Where is my partner in crime
thanks for coming to our panel yesterday. It was a ton of fun!!
Most of your tweets sound like they are misplaced text messages.
you fatassss “: i could eat those mini corndogs all day lol they're so good”
Oh god, I don't know who this chick is, but she's fucking hilarious.
Hahaha, I don't know why everyone is just now finding out that Adam Levine said I'm his biggest fan. ☺
What! Lol now she's having an affair! #um so NETFLIXIN smash when eye get back to america!
Trying to get around in crutches is not fun or funny... until your 15-mo old says it is. And boy, does he say it is.
Please watch all 3 HSM's. You have to prepare for your future role in HSM4 :)
Thanks for following me.
how hard is it to actually get noticed by you? Because all I want is an I love you tweet or a follow to make my life... <3
I don't know what to think anymore...someone help
I feel old when I see "Shoutouttothe90skids" is a Twitter trend. Whippersnappers, get off my lawn!
no, it's not you.
Last night was so amazing, but now I'm so tired haha.
Aroldis Chapman just blew Bryce Harper away with a 100 MPH fastball.
Maybe I should have paid attention to #Klout ... ever. I wanna drive a , too! Dang.
One more #FF shoutout to He's pretty awesome too. You should give him a follow.
If you're using our new API in private beta, just a heads up that we just reset that database. Deals will start coming back shortly.
Allensworth is the only California community founded by African-Americans- InSpotter app
Thank you ! Had a great visit to the museum, - Mark
And that's why we deal w/ the Sheriff...
Stop stunting mane smh
Thank you for coming by good sir! Hope you got to enjoy the tacos!
RT Awake! Will be drinking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm! RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet. Still in hibernation?
Lmao - girls, rocks, and states like Kansas all have something in common: skip the flat ones.
Let's Go! Rangers score! 2 zip blue shirts!
#BlueRock welcomes #WebMD to our #studio today.
makes me want a hot dog real bad!
Sure, I'll come stand under the mistletoe with you (;
Great season starter, although it's sad to hear EVPs from little children looking for their mother. Great show, though!
Honesty is a MUST
Check out and for local brand expertise and marketing insights (and great photos!)
I'm getting a tattoo tomorrow. Be prepared to get a picture.
Aw LOVE YOU LADY! President's Day trivia...that's what's up for my Monday! Lol...hope you enjoyed your Monday 2! =)
I have now successfully baked four cakes following the directions on the box... That's Michelin Star worthy, right?
two door cinema club, fleet foxes, the shins, arctic monkeys, phoenix, beirut, mumford + sons, bon iver
I can never seem to get this new iPad to charge 100% - regardless of how long I charge.
Javale McGee was #impressive tonight, he will be in the same group as Bynum and Howard in two seasons. He needs to improve his basketball IQ
Not a good start to my Friday... Hot apple cider all down my leg and floor of the car.. And Tim Hortons made me late to work! Ah! TGIF
What does Cris Carter have to do to make the HOF? It's crazy!
thanks for the Libra update Boss! Always on constant universal vibes! Susan Miller is the one to check, IMHO Astrologyzone...boom
Times In-Depth: How one Erie-area couple found 'life after bankruptcy'
we fought hard but unfortunately. But I have full faith we will bounce back and bring it next game.
Thank you and - it is always fruitful to visit 500!
Thank you. It's true. She was always a great little friend!
Beautiful weather makes it so easy to get outside and get active!!
It means grandmother
The X2 is a pretty badass program. Well put together and an extreme ass kicker ;)
Just read the article, great inside info!!!!
If you don't follow , , or You're missing out. Go follow them now ! (:
Watching Ancient Aliens on H2 "the Mayan conspiracy" .....fascinating!! #maya truth
Love the full lyrics area on Pandora.
That's that nippy weather! ( :
any thought who may take over?
. has a theatre series called 'Undesirable Elements'. 'Only connect.'
Apparently I can follow myself. Who knew?
Follow me I follow you how that sound ????
Clearly priority luggage means nothing to you - 6th flight in row. This sucks - clearly no ExPlat means nothing
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Good enough!
That is great!
Are you a divorce attorney?
just because we're not close anymore doesn't mean I dont care about you.
Got my symbaloo account all set up and ready for action. I'm gonna really like this! Thanks #edcampCincy !
Diabetes won. It always does.
Just say when!
well how would you know if tumblr is dumb when you haven’t even tried it? haha
Unhelpful backbone "summary": "Backbone is an incredibly small library ... One can not easily summarize the benefits" Uh.
fat ass
“: the Pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now.... #awkward”
The absence of fear is not courage. The absence of fear is mental illness.
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
Is it sad that one of the reason why I might actually join FB is so I can make comments on your page during the livecast?
So im trying to go to SF on the 25th
Pls RT! Tickets are now on sale at all select-a-seat locations and united supermarkets come out and support your very own!
Q4 Looking at OCR data it appears that communities are in different places in meeting equity & that many challenges remain
Keep it long!
I want to have a friend where I can do stupid teenager stuff with.
I love females
Love nap time!
my god
Also just threw my phone into the wall and fucked it up cuz it was being stupid! Ha
Mitt Romney picks up dog bites and leaves them with breakfast cereal as a woman collapses in the future
Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin Caught Wearing Google Glasses
Part 1 of my MA strategic fashion marketing interview tomorrow #LCF written assignment
love you!
Kasparov: Weak human + machine + better process beats strong computer alone or strong human + machine + inferior process.
You both would be devastatingly saddened if you saw the Target and Old Navy ensemble I'm actually wearing.
Listen to the conversation,.. Learn who is saying what and where...Leverage conversation and foster.
lol ye you could say that I tweet. a lot. how's life?
I hope to go back there soon! Next tour is a quick trip to SLO.
New approach against the germs in my sinuses tonight: NyQuil & early to bed vs (hopefully) getting up at 2am to use my neti pot.
congrats on the iphone
Wait... it's "Catt Sadler"? Never paid attention to it in text, I always thought it was like... Kats Adler or something. HAHAHAH.
Made it to #MARAC. Now to get the lay of the land.
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up - Altavista
I'm not so sure. RT : #renoAMA panel agrees that hosting a future Winter Games would be a huge positive for the #renotahoe region.
What they gone do with Goodlow and protools ?
preparing for a 21st centurt Learning presentation
Q4) Participate actively when given the opportunity to learn with others
Anytime! I have to support my fave schools! RT Thanks for the support!
Can't a girl find the right soft chewy peppermint candies?
Take a break at the end of the day, let bring you dinner.
That would be very cool. Such a cool region with so much interesting stuff to offer
Studying turned into playing baseball with basswood for an hour with
Yeah, that was fantastic. It was the highlight of his life, but unlike others, he still had a life. Big distinction.
RT Get tweeting! Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it."
Yes. My email is
watching #theexorcist movie is more funny than scary. still a great movie
nevermind, link finally worked! Should be able to replace his Rav4! Hopefully he'll mature more this year, cost team some games.
Hope it helps! If you like it please spread the word!
Hoping john is doing great on his interview test.
Beware the ides of March...
there needs to be better trending topics.
Life is not always not always what one wants it to be., but to make the best of it as it is the only way of being happy
But he didn't answer my question though... Dfl he caught tf up
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
birthday cake!
I'm going to treat them all like.princesses :)
I'll probably make an appearance tonight to grab a few!
"your words smell like modernism" cc:
Remember how Freehand used to ask you what fonts you wanted to substitute before opening a file? WTF doesn't Illustrator do that?
Jim Avery of : We're setting the stage nationally with the Smart City San Diego initiative #GCF West
I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is set-up....(kevin hart voice)
In a surprisingly good mood for 3 hours of sleep and facing a 16 hour day. We'll see at 8 pm tonight how good that is.
hand over everything
Anyone else still sick about that game 7? Ugh!
We had a great time in Las Vegas. Next stop for Charles River - ISS Long Beach
pretty much the only routine needed lol
Basic people make me want to vomit.
Serious talks with and Tim. >>
please feel free to call me! 443-904-6743
Dude that's what makes them awesome.
Don't really need rubato because my plan is to put the finished track to the sheet music in the video. But it's a neat feature.
ill let him know. logie will be happy to be able to tweet him as well once he goes back to base in Arkansas
Rosedale is a tough ticket - HIT it early : Cup 2 of coffee for abnormally early workout. At least its bright out.
golden retriever!
Bertucci's run :D
For those interested in buying FATALE by and we are down to one shelf copy. Get it as soon as you can!
the conflict ended there was an ending cutscene... You clearly have no.idea what you are talking about.
If not for #grading my house would be a lot messier than it is now.
real bitches fuck with me and idgaf who dont
I find it interesting that neither elementary age son had homework last night specifically because of the BCS Game.
Hey baby!
New hashtag for streamers should be #kftp for our own media outlet
New coming in just a few hours#ForMotherRussia 1 thing for certain 2things for sure going to be hard and yinZ should get it
Dam it's hot af!!! Ughh
Thanks, I love yours too ;) With Cam <3
what are you using? Should be able to drag it in over and over again for the full length of the track
Could always do Code4Lib Midwest there. :-)
Might be going to the army reserve thinkin bout it
Started early again with buyers today... i do like making offers prior to Noon
I hope all of you are having a wonderful evening. Im going to be getting some more work done. look forward to seeing everyone on tues! ciao
What's you're favorite #Easter candy???? I love Snickers Eggs! yummy :)
Nice!! RT Waiting patiently for the flash sale to start
saw BYOTOS was gone. Do you have a new site someplace?
Ah! Good to know!
Imprinted slap bands are popular this year
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing! Hope you have a Marvelous Monday!
yeah yeah bitch you best be sorry! ♡
Okay, but Blenheim Ginger Ale takes a prize for being 1) branded "pale ale" in 1903, 2) spicy, & 3) bottled at SOUTH OF THE BORDER.
#WOW I'm feeling like a Chicken #Nuggets fan right about now, Only we have championships.
thanks Kim :)
RT : We're mere minutes from game time at Rexall. Let's go Hawks!
we hope its right! ;)
U st smdh:) party for Stone & Damo bday lastnite went from Indulge wit to Martins wit
Wealth is a state of mind...
