Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Relationships suck.
The world's still here. www.globalpointpr.com
Thanks! How's ?
Bubba's shot on Sunday needs to be named the "Bubbarang"
RT u dj at oceans on fri? <> yea...me n the big homie Dj Live
When half of your teachers think you're a senior >
that sucks...hope you feel better....being sick is lame
#YD1G the songs and all the dancing
I need some rest today
yes ma'am
100% Im getting a creepy looking eye on the back of my neck looing like my skins ripped open and sewn in.
How much work do weeds take? A garden, on the other hand, is a joyful labor of vision, cultivating, pruning, and attention! Go grow! DM
Just wanted to check in and see how you were? Did your Dad get to come home? So many prayers for a great man/hubby/father. <3U
When Is The Last Time You Rebalanced Your 401K? Need Any Help?
we told them to keep their money“: Heat are listing Eddy Curry and Ronny Turiaf as inactive today.
Meet Brooke Paul of the Founders Factory and read about this partner's view on startups with his Columbus-based company....
Meditation not only effects you, It impacts everyone around you.
and that's record turnout!!
What whut whit
It is a difficult step to take on our ego. It is an honor of the soul to do so.
I'm like 5'5. RT if your shorter than me.
Why cant i get my profile picture changed?? blahh
okay buddy you should just learn to calm down, have you took anger management, just sayin.
Failed as parent-my 7yo voted McCain-after saying he was 4 Obama 'cos a kid said Obama would mean exams at school each day, oy
wake me up...
And the winner of last week's Group class contest is..... AUSTIN TIDWELL! Austine wins a UMPT water bottle. Who will win this week???
Off to #Charlotte airport for trip to #Germany. Hopefully last audit so I can have normal life again. 3 wks until south end w !
Teen wolf tonight!!!!!
Feeling sick ruins everything
100% Satisfied and never look backwards ... Any1 will be Much better than u ..#KeepBarking U r nth but #Trash and u know it :D #WGACA :D:D:D
reposting the whole album soon. i'll let you know when i do.
So ready for summer!!
Don't miss being on TV Tomorrow on CBS Morning Show at 6:45am!
Mom like her flowers
People say young people are better with technology because they like change. Ask one about the new Facebook to see the error of this.
that's cruel. He should say what it's about. Sounds like a deliberate attempt to have you guarded. I hate corp power plays.
haa yeah I told you my jokes are getting really bad
Loved the Brewer cap at the press conference! Awesome KO! Bring that belt back to Wiscy!
Digging into HTML5 Boilerplate and a new design for my personal site on an overcast Sunday. :)
Agora Forte's latest album is a cover of Monuments; flawlessly done.
I also remember when you use to have to use AOL Dial-Up to get to the Internet, oh the 90's lol
Deadline for submissions is 1/31! Send us your stories please!!
Happy Monday! Hope everyone has a great week!
Randy Bass talking to us today about “Threshold Concepts, Troublesome Knowledge, and the Design of Digital Humanities Projects”
Think about how many guys go around proclaiming they fight "UFC". Fags
Mm nothing i don't think. Why?
I LOVE AUSTIN SO MUCH. End of the story.
I'm from Spain and I love it!
seriously though, those rats are ADORABLE.
Intel's I.T. staff has 6,400 people who support 91,500 Intel employees. It has 87 data centers and more than 138,000 devices.
All sorts of pageants this weekend!! Mrs. US, Miss Teen USA, Miss/Teen Intl...I am in HEAVEN!!!!! Go Reign ladies!!
today I feel like eating fried BATS!! LoL
They're filming a reality tv show in Rice village. I just had to sign a waver. Tv cameras- now my research AND my leisure.
so glad you will be there!
She thick for a Korean ...
Tomorrow night is our info session at the Orleans St. Library, from 6:15-7:45 PM! This fall you can get involved and help a child in need!
do u like robins bluejays or chicadees more
OH: I can't wait for the Bucks to draft that chick from Baylor. We need a center.
thanks Morgan <3 its just for healthier eating not to lose weight
RT We are sending out applications for exhibitors for NYFocus. Application deadline is 6/30/11. E-mail 4 info.
Thanks Justin. Clients really like it too. Yesterday, we did 3 video shoots in 2 different states before lunch. Lots of fun.
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight.
Toniggggghhhhhhhht we are young
mostly. All my flights are on the tiny regional planes. Makes it very little fun anymore.
“: Ok Saturday I'm going to Neighbors ! 😊” >> I'm going too
I'm tempted to jump on a plane to make #nogup4 but my wife might shoot me. Drink a cup for me cc:
thanks for the RT bro.
Has anyone noticed that the final kibosh hit Filenes as they filed. What? Before the holiday season in a "healthy" economy. Icon gone!
Ok I'll stop stabbing the flesh at th base of my thumb with my fountain pen & try that
NJ Farm Bureau Week in Focus - Cape May County Herald (press release)
Much luv n gratitude! #headshots RT : Thanks so much, Liz! just knows how to take photos. :)
yep//“: OSU beat 5 top 25 teams. Alabama beat 2 two. End of story.”
wouldn't you know it. I'm not even in the room anymore.
#aiip12 Web Search precon with Great new info & clarification of confusion
Thanks for the kind words. Feedback always appreciated.
alright traffic be easy
Right back at you - it is thrilling to be a camper! RT : 1,2,3,4 Here's smore campers u need to know-
yum yum yum
It's kind of sad how routine blood draws have become in my life lately.
Have to say despite googles silicon roundabout efforts being an entrepreneur in USA is 10x easier than the UK, much more pro-business here
Done! Peace & love to you all!
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper. - Thomas Jefferson - Nowadays???
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- The Indianapolis Colts have fired coach Jim Caldwell.
yup n right!! Lol
RT : 200+ jobs coming to San Antonio: A nationally-recognized company picks San Antonio to open a new customer contac......
Look at my new YouTube account miller wash.......well thts it
we were bored and decided to act like tourists yesterday XD
checks coming soon
"If it weren't for cancer, I'd say I have the perfect life. If it weren't for cancer, would I even realize this?"
thanks for the chat this morning erin! and for being a good sport!
haha! I just don't do college though. I saw your post and though about it for a minute, but college.....I dunno.
Just did....ps I may need more stickers
So many effing penalties.
Let's get faded 
eww I heard that viola girl did that..
holy cow! He just tore it up right now, he's gorgeous!
I hate Spiders! #jeeperscreepers !
suffered another knee injury 2nite. my fun but very competitive spring tennis season is in doubt. Oh & isnt playing Monte Carlo
Im glad that I get a pass!!!
Appreciate the folo Brad. Good luck in November!
See misses you too
Glad you can join us. RT I'm looking forward to the Young Pro event at tonight!
Trying to get a 6 year old backpack repaired is maddening. 1/3rd of the cost of new to repair worn straps and lining? No thanks
Off to Miami beach bikini fashion week.
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
OK, I know I missed the cut, but I'm curious, what is a book plate?
When you take stuff from one writer it's plagiarism but when you take it from many writers, it's research.
It could not have been set up any better!
Friday rock n rollaz....Make it a Great 1 !!
Still some spots open for our tea 101 class tonight at 6 pm! Don't miss it!
Fields you have to take that shot! Pull up jumpshot, don't be scared man!
Get connected with us on facebook! Search on facebook in the bar and find us! Become a fan....
Would love to hear more about your social media class.
It's a crazy day to be a #Blazers fan!
See you there Michelle!
KHLOE UR AWESOME AND I LOVE YOUH! PLEASE NOTICE? ;)
,ill send bubba to colect my stole sample mother fucker
#FF MY #BESTE #AMAZING #RELIABLE #FUNNY #CARING #BESTMAMA #STRONG #BEAUTIFUL She is the absolute BEST
...No...I WILL STAND MY GROUND WITH OR WITHOUT THE LAW ON MY SIDE... I AM NOT AFRAID...
News you can use...Daylight saving time ends Sunday at 2 a.m. That's one extra hour at the bar for you
Friends with Alopecia... Like this post if you have any form of Alopecia. Where are my peeps at?
Hey Amit thanks for follow, what's happening in London?
Drexel's Health Fair is tody from 11-2. Come out and enjoy the food, entertainment and healthy advice!
Getn now! RT : Have an IPád ? Download the #140MTL APP! search for 140MTL -- curating the whole conference there!
From snowing and 41º to 75º and sunny in one afternoon. Hello Newport Beach!
But I'm really still laughing about Graffiti hatin so hard on Kidz Bop... lololol
#FF ! 100 followers by the end of the day -- IN THE BAG.
FYI #teammani is better than #teamhetal... I hope you all understand that!!! Lol
where y'all at
Yes this place is actually giving brake tags on Saturday. My odyssey is over.
I love using shoeboxed and evernote to capture everything that I can later search. I'm not obsessed with categorizing anymore.
BOTTLES & CANS!
I will relay your message :-)
Congratulations to Joe Alberts for receiving the ASCE Michigan Section Frank Meyers Outstanding Civil Engineer of the Year award for 2011!
What if?
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? tell me now
On the way to JFK with 1000lbs of Sumo!
ur welcome. I'm glad that I'm great help. I have to sign opn u steam later cuz I'm not on pc to sign up for it. I'm onmy phone
Covering AUDJPY short for now.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE U HAVE THE MOST AMAZING DAY AND THAT ALL YOUR BIRTHDAY WISHES COME TRUE!!!! YOUR THE BEST BELLA:::::)
I didn't get tickets to Ultra. Where else are you playing?
11.5 - 11.9.1941: 5000 Gypsies (Roma/Sinti) are deported to the Lodz ghetto; they are gassed to death at Chelmno two months later.
Thank you, sir! Glad to release that thing into the wild.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  14
will look into it thanks :)
but you sound so much taller on the phone lol
Watching 2 games from my couch in Jerusalem! Hapoel #Jerusalem with DJ Strawberry and NY #Yankees with visitor Darryl Strawberry
It's EVERYONE...:)
Lots of disturbing news created down here daily. Dekalb to Atl is like Brooklyn to Manhattan in proximity. Diff jurisdictions.
I want to come home with me. I have whipped cream and feathers. Oh yeah.
"Don't eat that!" send a push notification when you're near an eatery w/ bad health inspection (geofence).
your welcome!
I added a flash widget to my blog, my space and face book, says you need flash 9 I downloaded flash 10 hope I figure it out
New client special! $25 haircuts! You must call today and book by the end of the month: 206.264.7901
cute cute but and butt! Cute n but n butt!!! Lmao!!!
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow
I saw Mildred Pierce at the best movie theatre in LA in a packed house of almost all gay men. It was one of my great experiences. :D
Should I pull the trigger, idk....
An hour ago..The Boys & I..We were drown rats! Love a good summer storm..they come on lke gang busters & lve just as quickly as they arrived
Any working bakers/pastry chefs out there who can give an honest opinion about Stratford U or Art Institutes?
Text me
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Today I am 6,851 days old. I know because the computer machine told me so.
time to get back on the grind...good luck and ball out homie
If you wanna hear what he sounds like, I posted a video on my fb.
that's good
Tea is a good idea right about now--both the drinking and the activity of making it.
Hey what's up?
what up Jen!! Haha. You tweetin now!?
Going to the gym then I'm cooking me a fat ass steak when I get back
I'm following you, but you're not following me,. Why is that?
Talk about left out.. and its always like this. I guess im used to being ignored. Idek why I care.
That's cool, turn everyone against me now.
Seriously, fuck off. I need to leave here for the night. I have no patience.
Nyjer don't give no fuk.
S/O to MeanMugMusic! Am I wrong?
Learned a little more CSS today. When do I get to start calling myself a "coder" and not a "hack"?
wishing the rain would go away so i can go for a ride again. went yesterday...awh the open road!!
Don't phase me
When i get really really old, im going to try my hardest to go to outer space, i really want to do it.
We love you!! RT : & #AMidskySurrender i love this kind of music so much
Thanks girl!
Intro and meet & greet with Ed writer and actor Dan Davies before each show: (1/2)
your a sweet guy.
Learning life lessons
I'll take Zusi. Cheaper with just as many clutch assists..see yesterday.
“Every great work, every great accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the…
IF THERE'S A REASON THAT YOU'RE LEAVING ME TONIGHT, TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE THINKING, TELL ME A LIE!!
#bluelikejazz Met Donald Miller for a minute and had to tell him his story had effected me.
Suffering fR a SeverE MigrainE as of RighT NoW. The pain in my left eye is excruciating. Every month I get 1 or more migraines :(
If you know that I've had a bad day, why would your purposely make it worse? Do you not value your life?
You wouldn't like this con. They are * everywhere* ... tons of bears for you though. ;-)
What is your favorite breakfast?
I think that's the first time I've heard that
With Suzanna! Picture day:)
Shawty wanna hang well I'm a coat hook.
Dorrell's relationship with Petrino gave her unfair advantage in hiring process. She was 1 of 159 applicants for the job.
Men think about sex every seven seconds. The rest of the time is spent trying to come with a lie when a woman asks "What are you thinking?"
probably. dont question the day's authoritay!
Hello Amy great to meet you here on Twitter.
i want some jim nachos with rice. ;)
When is Anna going to stop calling him Mr. Bates?
You got eet--that's the only endorsement I need!
really, seriously stoked to see what you can do with Venus Patrol.
and u can't spell
omg the dubstepy part of the iconic dream dance omfg cenzo i miss you :'-(
I want one too! :P There's my accidental RT for the day!
please listen to your editor & dont belittle them if they are trying to help... remember everyone just wants the best possible outcome
OMG! just finished 50 Shades Book 3 and all I have to say is WOW! Better then the 1st two.........
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
Have to admit, #Downton gives me my telenovela fix while making me feel simultaneously classy. It's the best of high and low.
Cycle Pros called and said my #Yamaha Road Star is reeaaadddy for pickup!!
UNLV fashion history students learning about clothes, time - Las Vegas Review - Journal
"Always desire to learn something useful." - Sophocles.
Ni**a U got a twitter!!
-playlist on repeat.. && hopefully I drift off 2 sleep ! Nite.
Such an incredible idea and execution.
7 hours and counting on the House floor debate on the Vikings Stadium. That's alot of hot air
yep. I am more concerned about a 2nd line C, and if we re-sign Green. That and who the hell is the coach :)
VanGundy asked about his defense holding Pacers' to 35% shooting..he cuts question off with "OR they held themselves."
lmfao sit on what?
not for tracking users - also have to remove spam/local project hits
Only thing worse than Mike D'antoni coaching your team is Mike Woodson. Knicks are in trouble.
Prince a Tiger? I guess I'm okay with that.
that's what pisses me off! Games like that we have to win! Both the Knicks and Rangers!
RT So much fun last night. "I'm bringing with me a black eye.". I WAS DYING.
Whats in it 4 ma team chelsea...
Being Human finale on syfy tonight. Someone will not survive.
let me know if you need a mix for any of the the Taxi album project.
; #Swag(; I love your defualt on facebook(;
They Can't Fuck With Me On #BlackOps And You Can't Either And Thats
just saying. RT GAY GUYS IN NEW YORK: I WANNA TALK 2 U ABOUT SEX. Email me at
11 Wood Memorial winners have won the Kentucky Derby
9 DAYS till the Moving On CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY!!!!
RT A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on. -William S. Burroughs
For heaven's sake, where are my smart sensors?
Never.. haha why?
Steve Marcia is great he sold me on the giga delay
are you sure you have a troll face?!?!!?? Lol don't think so :P
About to get my ls back then its time to get me and my baby a car
Gov Malloy at CT CC econ summit: need to realign production of #college production w/ jobs. Students go out of state otherwise=no good.
Don't tell anyone, but we're redesigning our website this month. Shhh, it's a secret.
Another #Coyotes PP late in second. Will start third with 1:36 remaining. 1-0
yes we sure do!
I’ll be in SF til the red-eye to Chicago on Sunday.
#FindUW is happening now! Swag is available.
Young Bucks d. Fire Ant and Soldier Ant by count out. The titles can only change hands on a pinfall or submission.
is anyone following #thatcamp who couldn't be here because they weren't presenting a paper and couldn't get travel funding?
great hotel, great location. Me and GSRadio_OGSteez met Liverpool FC in the lobby the day they beat Chelsea in London-Oct2008
No work for two days. Alright. Guess ill be kickin back.
if not fuck it we can feed it to homeless
I loved the retouched/edited images you guys have been sending me. Wanted to say thank you.
PM - K3 said we learned how to make our answer to addition and subtraction of fractions into an equivalent fraction. Example 8/16 = 1/2
Maybe its time to see what this character is all about...
I got you bro ight then well have fun going out to eat tell your mom I said happy mothers day
Watching Super Xclusivo with the family. Gotta love this show :)
haha that was smooth as ever, you got those lyrical quotes in texts on lockdown
loll don't worry you'll get your chance you hav to be patient I had to wait almost 8 monthss
I spilled a lot of goldfish tonight..:(
So terrified of Tumblr
He totally does! And a Vegas singer too. #nothanks RT This kid reminds me of david archuletta,
Conservation and digitization projects for archival materials not just about preservation but also ezpanded access. Miller
getting stuff ready for a meeting :)
that's awesome !
Off today to go watch #HomeOpener Follow for all your news of the day.
I give good love ill buy your clothes ill cook your dinner to soon as i get home from work.......I give good
Not yet but will check into it! Thank you :)
Nayati back home safe and sound
where does all the time go?
sushi is so not gross
The only way to fix higher education is for employers to stop giving a shit about the piece of paper. Hire skills, not degrees.
Wow #watching #SouthBeachTow this show always is great
Just finished #hungergames. 3/4stars! See it in the theater.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:47am in Atlanta, GA it is 66 degrees. High: 77* Low: 61* Welcome to summer!
:-) Me, too. Didn't have any bags, so either she's traveling light or she checked her luggage when she got her boarding pass...
Hello! Arts community in AZ is IMPRESSIVE.
Kinda lame. W magazine touting it's front row app for fashion week but it's not available yet. Coming soon. So is the recession
because theres something wrong with you
I <3 that we here are doing a digital summit for the whole division. Great, great things happening at B&H.
sure - e-mail or DM me!
A dead heat? MT 2012 election pits party with best record on torture against party with best record on assassination.
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - we're all of us looking for the key
Dont Talk....THINK!!!! - Rick "Walking Dead"
u r KILLING it! we need to cast this shizz! tiffani thiessen?
#ItHurtsWhen you read my #Tweets... I've been known to make people #LaughSoHard their
Still no Gardner for the Yankees
Thank you to Zona salon in Hingham for hosting a party for "Boston: Inspirational Women" last night. w/ and
let me know when you get here text me with your friends phone or something.
a friend in grad school suggested that ur mother’s disapproval meant that you were heading in the right direction, it was art school, though
Believe me, we quench our thirst quiet well at softball
I have decided to drink more green tea
Heading to Brookville in a bit for the TAI Meet-Up. Will stop at Oldenberg to photograph some iron cross markers at the cemetery downtown.
Guy on the train: "Cubs suck. I'm already giving up on them." Ah I love Chicago.
So I dont think it ever got linked to either of those accounts. I know you say that isnt possible, but I dnt get wht else it could be
chris brown - dont wake me up
For light bulbs broken in the socket, push a potato onto the broken glass to unscrew it.
Who actually sits here and reads other people's tweets? Most of it is crap! Twitter is becoming the craigslist of Social Media.
maybe you should buy a purse. It works for me.
Worst part about #mw2012: leaving. Good Job (And Hiroku hope I spelt it rite) and ofc
Oh, & I already covered it. Literally. Guest vocals by Ricky B.
Can anyone smell the syrup form house? Wanna go get some pancakes with Eric?
You should give serious thought to moving to Phoenix. Olivia could lay out almost all year round!
Just wondering if his friends call him Nomsky. I would:)
Those pink bats are no joke.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Hallelujah I'm outta there. Time for tunes and brews!
another thing is that I haven´t Iphone
ur so very welcome
May I join you for the RA. ONE screening?
Ive never seen my dad cry.
is Google+ asking u all what they should do next? :-0
I am very frustrated with social media hacking. The security systems for these sites is going to have to get harder to get into...
Now he's playing Norwegian Wood. What a great chord progression, that minor turn on the verses...
late start hoorayy
Goodnight everyone. pleasant dreams. :-)
I love you more than I can say
that pretty
Be sure to 'like' our sister restaurant
Shoutout for keeping us frugal gamers on point! Nothing beats getting Black Friday deals from the couch
Reed Johnson. #Redskins fan actually. We had him out to the Park a couple times to visit.
follow me so i can write back
that was by far the most inspirational episode ever! Bopper and Mark are my favorite <3
": got my earrings from today think umma wear a pair tomorrow and my pin too...:)" already? I just sent them!
Sleeves pushed up and all.
You do know that #HappyBirthdayNicolette is already trended so you don't have to
you take to long in the shower j/s :)
Mobap vs. Wash U is underway
when his team stunk for most of the year
Join Majic and our Afternoon Drive Host John Monds (14th & U Sts) @ Cricket Wireless tomorrow from 12p-2p! Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
Fa la laRT Holiday
the most beautiful things is to make a girl smile every time and every where you go with her :) *giggles*
Another thing I love about being in #houston - watching my #Rockets!!!!! Go Rockets!!!
You cant blame the world for your lack of success, your future is up to you
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked When did you decide to turn lesbian?
Our manager was in a Seinfeld. What'd yours ever do?
Spending my #stpattysday indoors with 3 scripts and a highlighter! Definitely treating myself to a large glass of green beer tonight :)
Only a few more hours until my birthday
"Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you."
We'll be at Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield 220 Virginia Avenue, Indianapolis from 11-1, or until we run out of food!
Holy shit, summer vacation starts in less than two weeks. It just hit me. 😳
#Free painting with each purchase at my #etsy store www.abstractartnow.etsy.com
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the LOW.. What up?
EyeO, and you might count SIGGRAPH too.
looking forward to a pint of manny's in seattle tomorrow night
one is my friend but he like, likes me???? and the other is like mental or something
I'm disappointed in society. Arresting DeShawn is crazy he wasn't harming anyone he just helped bring this city a Championship!! Call a cab!
I'm not about to fight you Trina, get out your act .
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 48
yeah yeah wise guy...I need some twitter lessons!
haha. females are crazy. I got #99problems but a...
aww thank you(: you're gorgeous!
Enough facebook. Time to hibernate back to twitter and tumblr. (:
Yikes! RT : Another tree has fallen on a vehicle in Stockton on the 1100 block of W. Poplar Street.
Thank you
Thx! Was a great night.
Just finished watching footage from today's shoot. Looks amazing.
um yea I got a few ideas, let's chat!!!
Spent the day with Mom eating Subway and watching Paranormal Activity 2 :) Who knows how many more days I can have like this...?
@ the first pageant workshop with Ms Ethnic World International. She is coaching on "How to be your best during the pageant competition"
You right!RT : If you want change in your life you must explore the opportunities that cross your path. Everything...
That feeling when you truly care about a person and they don't talk to you. UGH. I can't deal.
hiccups, for the passed #2hours .. & still going. 
so true I love to see that also
We owe everything to S! Thanks a lot S, ur the best... At last, everything is as it should've always been!
yep yep im bring the cutie a lil teddy bear
All over Belmont and San Carlos today looking for warehouse space, no shortage of great spots
following back :)
first UK game since college & taking my son to his 1st game at Rupp Saturday. mention this on air & I'll smooth my back out
I brought the whole candy trolly on the #HogwartsExpress today. Sorry students.
- kind of scary when you're close to empty - happened to me before - what's up with, call the doctor??? :-)
love your talk right now! Thank you for having it!
This lady is speaking but I don't think she is telling the truth... Last year was so much better
oh I'm sorry/: then you're excused. Preston isn't
slam it down like a domino!
My baby girl is graduating from college on the 12th! Son is now working at the college where he did his undergrad.
That's almost as bad as the Royal Quiz! We need to practice these!
Hey Gracie, i miss talking to you!! i miss getting tweeted by you!! i hope you still remember me :) !! iloveyou<3
“: Wow 8 of them have passed already” Lew Bush was the 7th, Junior makes 8.. So sad..
Doc Rorman sent me back to week 5 trays :(
"I'M A HIPSTER NINJA."
Delt A squad victory tonight. Just the first of many.
Reports coming in today from Cry Out America 9-11-11. 2500+ prayer points, 900 county-wides, 1350+ different counties covered! Thanks!!!
#What2ChainzWouldSay Call ya chick like HELLO, Ass shakin like JELLO, Gettin Bent like an ELBOW. niggas tickle me, ELMO!!
Are you going to the coffee thing!? Please its soo boring
you home?
Great pic! Thanks for sharing. Wishing you a smooth flight.
Going to Maine to do my brain some good.
Wow, it's almost Christmas!!!!
Super helpful! Thanks for the info! :)
thanks Boog! Yeah, it was hard reading all these updates about Arlington as I was marooned in Dallas.
Good Morning Niall :D
I've held events at Sundance, Harley davidson, and Olbrich. All great venues. #congrats!
Hello !!?!! Where the hell is my shipment?!
Thanks for the FF! :) Happy Friday!
Saw #TheHungerGames today, #amazing! Except for the end, #wtf was that???
ok for sure! and refer us to some people that put them on too
Not really sure I wanted to see that.
Last night was epic!!! First time I celebrated cinco de mayo! (:
At Summit on advocacy for #Haiti with Minister Supplice speaking
Follow me?(:
Will be watching your Discovery Science show tonight
Hooray for Hitachino Nest Lacto Stout- back in the house & a perfect pairng with our signature Rack of Lamb!!
Wow okay , deush bag :/
That's the same way with me, except its my mom, not my dad, haha, but you gotta love them :)
Watching behind the Music with !
This place remind me off a club that I went to n Miami
Good morning.....feels like a good day for a new phone like the Aviator!
#3wordsforyou pack a bowl
hey wroth! Long time no talk.
Sub 2 classes in a row >
thanks glad u ladies r part of my new amazing network
while sweeping out my car earlier, my neighbor came up behind me and told me he liked the color of my sports bra😒
New entertainment system on is the most annoying one I've ever had the displeasure to use. Costs 9$ to watch TV and no VOD
lol exactly xDD well i'm sleepy so goodnight :D
an answered prayer
Dear this is a warning to u! If u don't workout with me soon I may have to chop u up n eat u for a midnight snack!
Working harder then the day before
Stay the course. Keep the faith. It will be worth it in the end! God Bless!
Thanks for the follow.
this no haircut/no shaving till prom thing is killing me
Chipper jones to retire at the end of the year
Just now getting around to watching Will Ferrell on SNL.... Anyone see it? How was it?
Facebook needs to invent a "No one freaking cares" button. I'd press that thing all day long. I need to delete my facebook! Ah!
be prepared for a life change if it really resonated with you! Let me know how you're making out. Good to hear from you!
Drink lots of water everybody!!
I'm normal haha. You?
you're just tall. I was measured at 5'-9 1/2"
The longer you treat me this way, the greater the distance you'll create between us.
Thank you so much...(laughing)
I just joined the ranks of the #RootCanalSurviors! I'm still numb though. Xrays coming soon...
Cool. Wins are cool.
Happy st Patty's day! On this day 4 years ago I moved to Nashville,TN
Did Arianna Huffington Steal The Idea For The Huffington Post? via
Cocaine is gods way of saying you make too much money
RT : The Great Cookie Debacle of 2011 has been solved. And the story shall be passed on for many generations at The End.
We seem to be evolving to becoming an aggregate for your opinions, stories, fantasies. We like that. Send your stuff, we'll spread the love!
U think they might have used the Buddy Pass to go to Germany to see ED ROBINSON perform LOL
I'm really enjoying this Marketing Management class. 😃
Yea. I have an aud this sat for a theatre show.
Its almost that time
they said Friday how important you were. Woulda won eight games without you they said.
let me know if it works!
Night no.1 in WPB a blast however, is sure to deliver beyond tomorrow night!
lmfao I think I was very patient bcuz I am a very impatient person and working on making my patience for things alot better
That means a lot, Heidi...thank you. RT: “: So sorry to hear about Craig Billy! You two were one hell of a team!”
exactly, I'm down to make an insane road trip?
Hey everybody go follow and then mention the both of us for a follow back !!!!!
#exhausted peace out I am going to bed😌 Good night
Yo it's all good bro. Fam is good. Life is good. Music is good. Doing more writing than performing. Fam first right!? Hows urs?
#ff Beautiful, heading toward the exterior hammam...
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
OKAY!! The Logo was drawn and now its designed! FINISHED!
I will be in the sunlight half naked today!! <3
At a bar talking to some other NYC peeps abt politics, interracial, and same sex relations ...the locals hate me.
Shawty don't have friends cuz every friendship she get she talk about them to somebody else 🙅 that's not the move
did u like it? Still need to pick mine up.
Kenny Dalglish sacked?
Hey fellow tweeters! Only 1 week left 4 a chance 2 enter into our FREE STUDIO TIME GIVEAWAY sweepstakes! Visit www.r2kstudio.com for dets!
Wii is the best system out!!!
You learn something new everyday. I now know what a trocar is and that I did not want to grope for one in the dark. Nor do I suggest you do.
Saw all of my friends from the summer, managed to make some new friends and now cooking pizza with my old roomie! Best. Vaca. Ever!
O, thank you God, for the taste of a Cigar again!!!!!!!
Gonna skype with my aussie best friend :)
Great job boys!!!!
it was always cool
will get me to Vegas for 's #birthdayextravaganza with
Lonely rainy night in New Orleans. :(
trade delmon SO curious to see what the Twins will do by 3pm cst...trade deadline (non-waiver)..
Yes! Ali G is on! One of my favs! Best to snuggle on sofa and watch whilst you're ill :D
Last few hours for Free 13 mystery Kindle downloads by 13 authors for Friday the 13th:
#wordsineverwanttohear you have cancer.But I heard it
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.25
oh crap I picked the same day haha!
Not holding back for no one anymore
awesome! Can't wait to see you pics, make sure to get us the link so we can share!! Thank you.
The Kenyan Komet
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I kinda wish I was going to prom now....
thanks for spreading the word!
Hey check out She just moved to Paris for a year, too! #designerfriends ( CC )
which DH blogs do you follow most avidly?
the foo fighters rock!!
Best of luck to We're all in your corner.
Bubba has two shots to play with. He can't possibly screw this up, right? RIGHT?
are you 18?
Whatever happens, take responsibility. ~ Tony Robbins
congrats on your state championship though :)
Fact: as you age, your eye color gets lighter.
Hey CUZIN is okay if I go Next Monday to the meeting cuz Juan has The Car and no Sign from him---
Today is a horrible day to be a Harbaugh.
I've created a "Road-Tested Activity!"
is so freakin cute
Eddie needs to do 1 more Beverly Hills Cop & it should include &
full disclosure folks, i follow and/or say hello no matter what your political preference, im a people person and just like people
hey! Did you email it? Don't think I got one
sorry it's all Heisenbergy, but I betcha it's not Bohring.
it's gonna come back in and sting you in the ass!!! Hahaha
I've been listening to an advance of the new album for the past week. A definite contender for local album of the year.
Home from happy hour and watching Pretty in Pink! Now I just wish I had some chocolates...
Why can't i fuggin sleep
- I want to see it again. The 2nd time I won't see it in 3D & won't bring a 3 year old.
Venue change! The Great Unknown will now perform at the Franklin Institute Auditorium at 4 pm. Free!
May your paycheck represent the quantity of people that you have helped and the number of people that you have served.
I hate when the perfect comment comes to you a day after
Doc, you know I love you but you need to stop mispronouncing Volchenkov.
Thank you so much!!! :D I really appreciate it :)
Got my new car today. Isn't God good???
Yup! It's awesome. How are things in Houston?
Weather is so nice today(y) feels like summer so excitedd!
very true lolol
Just got a #kindlefire! I love it so much! Its not an ipad but it does the trick!! :)
monday might be best for me cause I gotta go to Lansing Sunday
La la la no lo vi y estoy tan bien (notan mi sarcasmo?) :D
This Movie "The End Of The World" Sounds Pretty Interesting
I now have air conditioning in my car!!!
It's a lie when you say that no one can steal your man. The truth is only guys who want to be stolen are really taken away.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly clear in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 58 to 63. Light winds.
it really is.
Great job Philly
I was up with contractions all night (-__-)
dude can I park my car at your place when I'm in India for a month?
Community meal tonight (carpe donuts donated for desert). Lee Alter's Art of Being with the Red Rattles this Friday.
Jake said he might make another twitter
Happy Birthday !!!! hope you have a great day!
You already know 
im not hiking hav seen my chubby it din com from bein activ
No doubt...I think the decision was already made, the Berkman deal was never a 'backup plan'...IMO
I love Doing phone sex! Call me!
any chance cactus still has the devo record?
Shucks - we'll miss being a true part of the cult. & I have to leave at the end of the sessions today. Catch you next time!
Sorry, we're not able to have Student Rush available for every show...hope we see you at something else!
On this day in 1862, after ranking CSA Gens Floyd & Pillow ran off, Simon Buckner surrendered Ft. Donelson to his old college buddy US Grant
Getting tired of all these racist ass jokes mf's boudha start gettin popped in they mit
Happy birthday to my little sister Lily. I love you
Thanks ! Wish you all could make it out for the party!
At the end of the day today, La Laterna closes it's doors forever. They are sweet people who make delicious food.
Have you purchased your Beauty Pass yet? Young Texans Against Cancer is an amazing Charity that the proceeds of the pass' are going too!
Would love to meet and have a conversation with man is full of wisdom
reaction of looking shocked the the #zags missed wide open 3's to lose the game. Bigger disappointments ahead for OSU.
We will see..
AMAZING panel work by in #Avengers #161. LOVE the camera angle and detail in that final panel with the rubble.
Night twitter!(:
LIFESIZE MIRROR - climbed from 44-26 on JAZZ BILLBOARD CHARTS THIS WK!
Excellent news , , and ! See you all in Houston!
A productive hour of code spelunking with yields a deeper understanding of ActiveRecord. Good times
Out at the park with my mom and just tried some beef ribs and OMG they are the best
Laying in bed with and
Bloods, crypts. Red vs blue. Whatever. im an ET
PUNK'D #PranksterOnTheLoose Lovin it. So funny!
Just heard fabulous talk by on the Digital Asset Grid #innotribe #swift at #telco2 New Digital Economics conference.
Hi! Keep forgetting about Twitter what with the coming up. RT *waves*
Maybe tomorrow will be better. Hope so! But now stop tweeting and keep learning! :/
the commercial with the truck going down the mountain is misleading and some ignorant person would really try it! Marketing uh, ?
is this Saturday! We will have a booth, so come say hi, listen to bands and eat good food!
How is the drinking coming then?
I love it how that said that I'm the only person that he would let piss on him!xD
RT : Talked w/2 legends tonight: John Glenn & OSU prez Gee. Uber impressive. Congrats to Kiplinger Fellows being honored.
Cynthia Selfe says something helpful: so, votes or solutions as Heideggerian technologies that are like "fixes"?
Did you know that my favorite food in the whole entire world is SHRIMP?
me too. I wanted her with Kevin for awhile. It just made sense~
did u win mr warrior??
Are you a ledgend in your own mind? Success starts there, I am, I even have my own theme song!!!!!
Mayweather vs Cotto closed circuit telecast from Mandalay event center. After Moorea this Saturday that's gotta be your night plans! Perfect
Neighbor's house for sale, so they're in the back yard!
i am so ready to find my big girl job lol
Hey were you surprised to see your dick when you lost all the weight?
thank you Newaukee, the mixer was a lot of fun. We hope you visit us again. Your event was fantastic!
boo bear
Me:I got bigger fish to fry. : apparently they all got up and walked away according to Darwin.
I have tivo and I forget to fast forward commercials
Final pack for my final move during my final summer vacation for my final year in school. Finally!
Raul Ibanez makes it 5-0 #Yankees. Four of his last six hits have been homeruns.
But I still got above the average score, I'm happy!
I THINK I might of set a goal size for myself, finally. Which is either 3/4ths or 7/8ths.
Don't worry. Chicken broth is America's miso soup.
“: Happy Birthday!” thank you hon
Don't disagree. Problem is, the first, most important piece is the toughest to find. Perhaps a 3-win season away..
no prob d.m me tho
u are more than welcome. Thank you for this great music!
I'd didn't meant it but he took it that way and I texted him to tell me what he is feeling and he's said I'm done.
Who ain't tryna bag nothing while the fire alarm on lol
Finished w/ my sister's dance recital. She did great! The only one that acctually danced! She was the best out there!
Can you meet me by the lake?
Was going to dive into some Edy's ice cream last night until I saw pushing an SUV on ESPN2.
Hard to pick one favorite #Henrymiller as far as I am concerned is one of the best and most unique authors
But you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
Email us:
Man i swear the ogts is thee dumbest thing .
and a double!!!
Nothing like a freezing morning run to get you going! Have a fantastic Saturday All!
Can you please hook me up with a chance to see Good Deeds before it officially comes out. This looks like a good VDay movie.
This man said thank God for the violence of prayer. Huh??
at ssc tryna register for a class
you are straight blowing Twitter UP with your crazy hotel management tweets! Whatwhaaaaat!
TIME TO SEE WHO CLOSES
I'm not trying to manipulate weak men, I'm trying to serve them chicken wings and beer. They just shake while I do it. ^_~
haha what the f... U talking about freak!
SDSU!! Finish it this time!!
Loved the story on Jack Hannahan. Great stuff! Just had to share :)
thanks for sunset photo retweet!
thx dude. gonna be a busy day
what comes easy won’t always last.and what will last won’t always come easy!
Epic weekend on Waikiki beach. On Saturday I saw a Monk seal - on Waikiki Beach, whale 2 miles off shore, a water spout, and an epic sunset
#confession I've made bad choices.
Love your enemies & despised ur friends cuz your enemies always remain the same but your friends always change like the leafs on trees.
So what the fuck is up? (-;
Ok the opera singing guy on made me tear up
Yes, everything is going ok. We are just having a difficult time managing her pain. =/ Thanks for thinking about her! =D
Why is she even on the Supreme Court. How can We The People have her romoved?
The schadenfreude, it is powerful.
3 I think. My bad. Didn't mean to send that from here. Mightve been a good for anybody that's location watching tho! Lol
Forgoing afternoon hoop dreams for sushi...
getting ready for takeoff.
RT : Food Fact: Pineapple is neither an apple nor a pine. It is a kind of berry. A really, really big berry.
It was nice to meet you in person. Hope to have a chance to chat longer sometime.
what about the other way around? What about inviting north Americans to play in Jr development leagues in Europe?
Your welcome!
I don't like to criticize other people's parents...But your mom should have swallowed!!!
Who wants to go ride the trails at kettle moraine? Since is being a bum and is still probably sleeping.
Every episode of #HollywoodBabbleOn, the more I fall in love with
We're excited too! RT : YEAH ! Happy 2CU announce has chosen you as regular guest blogger!
erm...let me get out of your way *puts plate in sink, goes out back door*
why thank you... Poor simba.. Hahaha...
yeh...noise and crowded places...
ass so fat i need a lap dance ah!
their FIRED!!!
Will Brad Pitt walk out tonight at the Academy Awards with the Oscar for Moneyball? He wins either way as he goes home with Angelina Jolie!
Ask Style: How to Make Wellness Your Focus in 2012? One of my goals for 2012 is to improve my overall wellness. Do you have any easy tips
OMG! I felt that moment too, Delhi to Kerala - one way and all of the family had their return tkts! Hugs for the big day!!!
at the design research conference in 2010 they brought in a FBI hostage negotiator to give a talk. Total +1
6 costumer service reps & 2 hours of being on the phone, the situation was finally resolved. That is still a #fail for
God, family, hustle is my motto
Its hard to pick a good one out of the masses on bbworld, think I finally found one thats pretty good though
"You're a dude-bender."-
Ok! Shout out to all our #FloridaGator Alumni! Tim Tebow is now a #JET. #GatorNation #BouncewithUs!
Small of your back.
im loving this shit !
I don't know what that place is, but I love what it COULD be!!!!
Big updates coming later about our BIG launch party week! We're abuzz with good news! (haha, hive pun!)
Well, you said you were a hoppy craft beer fan, and I thought I might learn something! Geek on!
Are you influential in wrinkles??? :)
If you have pictures from any of the sets I have sent you on, please email them to . It would be greatly appreciated!
Yup. At Alamo Square, at least. RT : Is that a vuvuzela?
Happy fishing Birthday we gonna make a song soon.
if you don't I hope it's nice out today!
I am following and have been.....
It was once against the law to have a pet dog in a city in Iceland.
Im Goin Hard This Summer... Nothin But Grind, Music & Fun... Cedar Point, A Trip To Atlanta For My Nigga Bachelors Weekend
I swear, I embarrass myself WAY to much, especially around guys😔🔫
You're still from the south.
You have a sad life If all you do is hate on someone you don't even know.
Now that I am officially done with highschool my bum ass needs to find a good job.
Donate by TEXT. Text "AUTISM" to 85944 to donate $10 to improve a child's quality of life with autism. Reply yes to confirm gift.
Don't worry if you're not where you want to be. Like all of us you're not a quick fix project. Your path is a letting go and allowing.
we love - one of our partner restaurants! check out the review of our exclusive 10 course menu by the very hungry...
omg cats go rawr then? x)
AC needs and to kick things off in 2012!!
"Were you honest when you said, i could never leave your bead. Wake me up & let me know, your alive."♥
Looking forward to spending Mother's Day in Williamsburg. Love these weekends away with my son.
... It may be complicated.
:D <3 I screamed when i saw the commercial for the first time :P
happy birthday! :)
We fall down, but we get up ;) x
Just shows that AI is a rigged show once again. Jessica is built up in favor to win while Hollie who is brillant gets harsh remarks.
Listening to nsync 
In related news, the minivan we were going to borrow bit the dust. Anyone up for lending 6 Wichitweeps your minivan 1/16 to 1/21?
JUST CHILLEN BOUT 2 GET READY 4 WORK WHAT U UP 2
Insight Online - support incidents links self service video for replacing components for things that are field replaceable
#NP Dope Got Me Rich - French Montana
- Thanks for the follow friends! Have a great weekend.
Thanks Clive for the shout out bro! \m/\m/
Eyes are crossing from tiredness, but laundry, dishes, housecleaning and prep for houseguest #4 million await. Oh yeah... and QT w my son!
We'll discuss how libraries innovate to support new publishing models, good examples to share? PS. Hush seconded.
Big UPS to #Celtics tonite... Hopefully #Philly gets they shit together and makes this series competitive, #Heat fans need it!
Tomorrow night is another MARN Kino - showcasing short films by locals for only $3 at 7PM
luckily this was in test with a copy of prod data that you were modeling prod users right?
Back home, trying to get some work done on Drupal before bed.
Yaay 206 followers ! Thank you guys,I love you ♥ it doesn't matter if you're a belieber,mahomie,selenator,lovatic.. I love all of you.
Christmas needs to fucking hurry up. I need my Christmas music. And #UnderTheMistletoe <3
listening in from San Francisco
we get some rich people in the knobs!
the island makes it!!
first lilly's jam of 2012 tonight!
nope not this year. This is the year I finally catch him.
Alright I gotta be more careful.....
I love danielle we went to middle school togetehr and she loved the color purple and blue sometimes she spells
Good luck spelling tonight at Spellapalooza, and ! Don't forget the stall tactic: "can I hear it in a sentence?"
Does 17-year-old Miley's outfit show enough skin?
haha! i mean if i was on z Hill it would be a differnt story!
#FACT Here's what you need to know about MEN and SEX: mylikes
that's like dmv to the power of awful
Woke up late and having a breakfast blend in my living room where its 100 degrees
much thanks! Come over and join when you graduate!
oh okay. Yea that's easier.
shitttt.. u need that coat today!!
I'm basically 1/2 Irish and 1/2 Italian. Both cultures have proverbs about cats. "Beware people who dislike cats" - Irish Proverb
Okay, now hot-sub is reading catching fire.
ok *depressed face*
I'm blush with excitement to hear I have a fan!
I thoroughly enjoyed THE MARRIAGE PLOT, although I liked MIDDLESEX better.
Happy Happy Friday!!!! You are now closer to the weekend!=)
15+ miles biking on the Neuse River Trail! I just finished a 15.5 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
By old I mean 31 and over
#PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped demonstrates how desperate we are to find reasons why bad things couldn't happen to us.
Tomorrow night who wants to party?
don't even say I never liked you. I love you. Still do love you. I'm just fucking pissed off! Because everything you ever said
Watching #VelvetGoldmine for the first time in probably more than 10 years....
that's good <3
Suzie gets on my damn nerves
When are people going to start realizing it's not about them, but about him?
RT The 22nd Annual Chosen Few HOUSE MUSIC Picnic - JULY 7th in CHICAGO ft.
how did u know im listening to Drake
Thank you for the follow! Hope my info I share may be of benefit in many ways.
haha I can only imagine.
How crazy is it that I could walk from home to either of the top 2 NCAA Lacrosse Teams in the country?! Let's go Hopkins! May is big in MD
Scentsifying Milwaukee this evening. Looking forward to wine, appies and a smell-a-thon with Schock.
hell naw you know we got y'all this time its payback in the bay
Roll Tide man. Tell DeAndrew I said get well soon and yall Do work!
omg I'm not the only one up yay! Haha yeah me either!
Suggs vows he will play this season, but he's never sustained a major injury before. Most athletes overestimate their healing abilities.
kinda like using a band-aid for a gunshot wound?
#Lakmé + #Shakespeare + wine = classy Friday night.
I know. The hypocrisy of the overseer makes it that much easier for me to laugh at him.
so bord i hate skool bethany miller gets to come over marrow
NEVER EVER EVER<333333333,I look up to you a lot.<333
ty Love it!!!
Kerry Wood coming in... This should be fun
Nothing worse than showing up late to a fire, just in time to help clean up.
Chillin... Just seeing what's good with you
Sometimes i fuckin hate the world...like God Damn :/
. : Expand notion of museum beyond objects/building. Some communities are preserving their history online.
What kind? “: I have the biggest and juiciest apple with my lunch. I could live off of this thing for days!”
Been off the twitterdar trying to get launched but I'm back. Sorta. I admit to being a FB junkie.
Also Happy Valentine's Day everyone, especially Hope its a good one, despite the Halmark Day and Singles Awareness Day...
you know we always out but somehow they will never see us..
RT - If you live in #Jacksonville and you're not at the #Jaguars game tonight, your a loser... That is all.
Tweaking the new site for the next few days...please keep your feedback coming!
AH omg thank u so so much I LUV U so MUCH!!! <3
Here's to the kids who memorize lyrics faster than vocabulary words.
what about a report on the mormon religion and the difference between christianity
Glad you enjoyed it. Stop in next time you play MKE. Your show is brilliant. Loved the "naked" ads too!
My Christmas list? A mother fucking PILLOW PET! >:D
Sweet Bro! Have fun!
its Trey and the guitar is hurting him so good.
I need to plant asparagus.
Awesome #fail - Hulu says free + if you use IE 9, take my IE9 to Adobe - says flash installed. Go to Hulu- says flash not installed
Wide left?...hm
TIL Nathan Healey is literally upset about my shares. AMA.
3 things #energyefficiency can do for your #business: happier clients, more productive staff, huge energy bill savings=bigger bottom line!
Hm. RT : Me thinks Cal is underrated. I'll take him.
do you guys plan on playing a hometown show soon?
I live here so.. Lol
Truly trippy light show. My feet say dance but my brain says seizure.
Fresh week, fresh energy, fresh prince of bel air
A major, but unrelated, insight sprung out of today's personal blue screen of death day.
We are doing live spots this morning with at and at Miller Time Pub! Tune in for up to date parade info!
I know & now she's in high school! She's so wonderful & such a good girl...smart as a whip too :-)
yeah out of how many attempts ? Every player has a bad game their human do you remember lebrons 3 points last year in the finals?
Fruit loops.
Hmm, Red Hook lobster truck is in Ballston today. cc
I find Taylor Swift extremely irritating but her song on the Hunger Games soundtrack is beautiful.
hmm maybe! There's endless possibilities maybe we could collab
Jack Lindquist "this is the greatest tourist destination in the whole world"
#MadMen s4 rewatch: ep7 more great lines: "Why is there a dog in the Parthenon?" "That is a roach."
Free hot dog day is here! Happy National Hot Dog day! We are at Sunset and Arville today from 10am until 2 pm
Happy 2012, wealth health and happiness
Oh.my.god.
I'm in! If joins, is it a drama or comedy?
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Finally getting my veggie grill sandwhich and going to see Valhalla Rising
Life is short. If you love someone, let them know. If you dislike someone, let them go.
I need this vacation.
"Fame is the beauty parlor of the dead.” - American journalist Benjamin De Casseres (1873-1945)
Smh, my Doctor is at Lunch. Smh. Wow.
Its A Big Difference Between A Woman Nd A Bitch So If I Call U Bitch That Means Yeen Meet The Qualities Of A Woman
Everyone have a safe night tonight and don't make bad choices happy new year all!
This shit is rugged don't get it twisted.. It's the path I chose.. I deal with it.. You do something else.. Be creative at your shit..
Nah lol not yet
I'm on it. 4:45 a.m. alarm. Hit the ground running (for cupcakes of course). Hooah
Just Hired a talented Front End/Mobile Developer for a TOP Miami Interactive Agency!
This ain't no penis. This a long dick! Alright alright alright!
s/o to my follower #follow her
Not feeling this weather right now!
National surveys of households rated primary banks to determine which institutions create the most favorable experiences...
Let me borrow it tomorrow!
Allah is the guardian of those who believe. Allah takes them out of darkness into light. -Qur'an 2-257"
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how brave I am
Keep a stiff upper lip.
hey! It was great! How was yours?? (:
Grrrr my calendar was wrong and missed meetings this morning
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat
Nothing excites me less than Alex Smith.
Yay for leap year, an extra day I can put off paying bills
What if, instead of cap and trade, we just tap into geothermal energy instead?
I love this house. I love it so. I just hope it's not too much for us. Huge, and old, which means tons of work.
Anytime in between those days you dont work...
If I were , I'd throw the challenge so I could swiffer Phi Phi in a LSFYL!
The one that wins is the one that thinks they can !
The Brewers and Nats!!, and the O's Travel to to the Twin City to take on the Twins!
My luck!!!! Lol
They are predicting 1 inch of rain an hour for today! I'm already in over me flippers! I know Summer finished Monday but this is crazy!
yall are making my night :) :)
so weird how all babies are ugly except mine
500th Tweet! Better make it a good one! In 1967 California legalized abortion, the bill was signed into law by Governor Ronald Reagan!
Any hope for Laporta this year?
Hoping all my friends and family in my hometown of Dallas are okay.
that a boy Jake. Great game and remember this moment forever!
Hi Dana!! I hope your enjoying the class!!
PickUpLine: That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
“There’s no next time. It’s now or never.” – Celestine Chua
Things like 6am team pictures are what really make me love swimming
Can someone please tell me why Tiger's or anyone else's infidelity should be news to me?
I wanna smack a pool
Troma-tic Experiences via
"sorry for crushing your idealistic spirit" "you crush my spirit every time you interrupt my naptime" Me, talking to my polisci teacher.
yeah.. i'm ok. I can't date Lacy either cuz she is taking care of her grandparents on her dad's side when she is off of work.
You never get a break in life, its constant overcoming.
My boss is looking for a #FortLauderdale short term lease May 27- Aug 10th for her daughter. Help?
well...call a spade a spade and all that
Made it just in time for first session on new musetech. Whew! Rookie mistake with buses on my part.
Fuck Yu Mean All Her Sub Tweets About Yo Man .
Morning friends!!!!!! At the nail salon this lovely sunny Saturday morning follow let's get that 120k
When do you come back?
I've always wanted a waffle iron.
No Problem , Hope To See You N Your Friends At The Show!!. :-)
Don't do anything halfway, unless you're willing to be half happy.
People have wasted so much time bsing me in the past. They underestimated how much I really cared.
is remodeling the office. The office is looking great, but the hallways to get into the office are another story. Lol
Today is the final day for Student Elections. If you haven't already voted, Go VOTE now!!! It literally takes under a minute.
video girl the movie www.videogirl-themovie.com
personal banker!
Video 4 is up on YouTube Go check it out www.YouTube.com/InFocusWithMJR
Lol, I remember the song perfectly!
I really hate my mom. Another Saturday just like the last. Late again and I'm the one that has to pay for it.
": A study found people with lighter eye colors have a higher alcohol tolerance." this explains everything...
I love you babys
Spring Break! oh my. this has been a good one! makes me wonder what summers gonna be like.
I have to review and accept *how* many licenses to use the Android SDK? This is almost as bad as Microsoft!
why thank you...
Enjoying a fabulous conference! Thank you #aepforums!
Going to sleep. School tomorrow. Goodnight (:
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe? <3
I always get Miss, Mrs, and Dr. confused.
How does this baby put up with your whining?
Just was kickin it with developing our master plan. Sellin tickets to his show with only 15$ hit me up!!!
I had a hard time understanding what mr Miyamoto was saying but damn he is a BOSS
I think it says a lot about the type of consumers they want to have and market to
I was there the whole time you guys just dipped
mwrry christmas baby
In the world of so many babygirl u are that one..
You give her these 5 things men and you will never regret it, you will have woman that will return it 10 fold
how would you manage fake alcohol?
My husband was home from work today, so I went back to bed otherwise I'd be more of a mess than I was today.
if you guys come dressed as Easter bunny. Brunch is on me!;)
Ugh, I wish I had 's legs
ok..hit me up when u get a minute
what's up blood, fuck you been up to
Wheres my filter lol! RT : If a #Libra was uncensored 24/7 & said everything that came to mind, there would be no happiness.
When your parents tells embarrassing stories about you when your crush is around..
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork. w.zanbeelart.com
At Tilted Kilt. best way to end my week ;D
I hate school☹
Just finished reading "The Shack" by William P. Young today...WOW. Such an amazing spiritual gift in reading that book. It so changed me.
Addicted to #StorageWars on I'm such an organization-freak that I get the 'cleaning itch' every time a new unit is opened. Ahh!
With my brother(;
Someone made ramen noodles in the microwave in adena and it smells like SHIT. I gonna puke
Okk I met the otter page so she deleted her other page like WTF
My wonderful wife and I are about to head over to Pats and Genos; I think I might get a foot long from each
The cup holders inside my car are great and all but what I really need is a place to put my coffee when I'm trying to get *into* my car.
Boo - no good
where yo party at?
“: Yes! And look........it is only the 10th! Lol!!” better late than never!! Less entries lol
To have wine or not to have wine...
Your ruining twitter ,people tweeting who I should follow! if you retweet something I like I will make the choice to follow them :)
Where do you listen to music the most?
Making candles & cleaning grave sites! Why not?!
Very good day today and good weekend Booked all week
I TRANSFERED FROM LOS ANGELES, YUR SKOOL HAS NO GYMNASTICS TEAM, THIS IS A LAST RESORT *CLAPS HARD AF ONE TIME*
no ones from the summer when I was tan and ones from a week ago
oh for certain.
Er, sad news. Can't even blame autocorrect for that typo.
I don't have the willpower to manually cull my account. So. Here we are.
How to not feel thankful? I work on the fn' USC campus!
Anone interested in designing and running our new Hair Mag? UpDoZ - Updo Hair with International Flair
ur funny 2day. 1st the reminder, then the tweet. can't wait 2 c what has l8r. RT Did U know 1 would HIT the street
One day a person loves you, next day u and that person are enemies.
Did you succeed at the Friday no stress challenge?
remember when your fan randomly turned on?
If u feeling froggy 🐸 leap
we're pretty casual here, mostly t-shirts and flip flops. Oh wait, that wasn't what you meant, was it?
Big ups to the homies & NEW EDITION Miami stop was EPIC !! My dude thx fo tix and backstage !!
i should probably charge my phone now
Seriously that description of us is dead on, right? :)
IM SORRY IM TO LAZY TO PUT OF MY PICS FROM FACEBOOK!!! ill do it when i have time.
Still nothing... I will try to get in contact with the TO's and see if I can get something from them.
that sounds great! I'll inform Mr. Salz and contact you tomorrow afternoon for details. Best!
editing the podcast of Myron Gutmann's talk from May. The door in that lecture hall has the loudest slam of any I've ever heard.
Mo emails mo money via
(not so random, it's Chance, he just hasn't come up here in a while so i'm surprised he made the trip up. all those stairs are hard on him)
Vendor-neutral records problem when can't use the multiple URLs therein Lots of work to filter out Trail
Shot the Mary J Blige New video last week in Brooklyn. Watch for it!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit lives in you? 1 Corinthians 3:16
Tony Gonzales. Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet. Gonzo is deadly.
I believe so :-)
Transplants at The Roxy!!! The REAL show in LA tonight!! Go Tim -$uck u
Listening to while writing a speech for school(:
we all family mafucka I aint got no friends
I lose like 2-4 pounds on low carb day. Muscles shrink big time.
when is your app coming to android?
oh dats coo
you read my mind.
u ok?
seeing all these beliebers tweet makes me wonder if he will ever notice/follow me <3 BTW #boyfriendreview ITS AMAZING <33
HOLY CRAP ARE THINGS GETTING CRAZY!! STAND UP AND LAUGH IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE!!! ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?!
I feel yeah!
happy birthday!!!
great article on the Mozart playlist...now I can pick and choose the tracks off the Mozart Greatest hits CD my mum gave me.
Hinduism is not a religion, its a way of life.-Swami Vivekananda
your at where your at because of me
Before I even started reviewing combine results, Josh Robinson (UCF DB who ended up with fastest 40 time) looked like a first round pick...
Last day in the #archives with the Natalie de Blois papers before a nice week at Cape Hatteras with old friends.
hows the wrist?
Drawing around corners, in search for some distant vanishing point, my fingers feel for an angle, an edge, but only feeling texture.
yeah you just forget to tell the truth..or be with one girl at a time. But it's all good. Goodluck to the next one!
Today's gift card winner is KELLEY COOKSEY RAGAINS!
Bitch wtf are you lookin at ?
irmm.....don't mean to be sly but who is hanna ? X
Im not tryna underestimate them....but these teams look garbo!!
spring! the best antidepressant on the market.
I think I am going to take a couple of days off work and just package and send cupcakes to my media friends.
I had the worst ever workout 2day! My legs were really sore from workout A. Core ex. were great!
finally :) :) you get to follow a true fan and customer :) :). Thanks!
You made me proud to be an Ark alum tonight I can't imagine anyone handling this better than you did.
why can't tomorrow come faster!
Don't like letting ppl borrow money. Once that person doesn't pay back they mess it up for everyone...
lol I kno I kno I just been busy !
So are the door open or what?
Will Twitter be awesome for professional networking? Let's find out!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!82
"Bonds instantly to skin."
saw it yesterday, looks exciting! (eggciting in mcrackins lingo) i put it up on FB and messaged a few buds about it.
grateful that spring has sprung.
I was bouncing 21 in the air the whole time you were rapping lol you went hard :) <21
such a girl thing to say. :)
it know I was just there last week but I need to come back again. Everything you guys have is delicious.
got 9 hours of sleep last night! Felt so good.
“: JR... when going YOLO goes right...” LOL
You're up early..
Don't forget to tune into with this weekend! Our own Gary Daniels (The Expandables) is on!
shldnt we be past black and white versions of ppl?
Super Sunday Schedule: Skype meeting, Pho lunch, Art Museum.
Thank you for sharing your post "Reference: Useful HTML tags." I'm very new to coding, so it helps to have this.
Look how that worked out! RT : remember when Brooke Shields was married 2 Agassi? They started their romance by fax.
: President Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
Happy Hour just got better. It's Happy Hour, Every Hour now! $3 select beers, $4 premium well, $3 jager's, $2 PBR or Tecate's, $2 Bud Cans
Cheer up, #sjsharks...it's now a 5 game series in which we have home ice. Time to get loud and get crazy at the 'tank!
forgot to tell you - i think it was him who jumped me in the alley the other night.
So happy #AndyPettite is on the mound
Thank you. Sounds great. I'll be a few minutes late to the game, but I'll see you out there.
I am going to Hollywood this summer!!
I HAD THAT COPIED AND PASTED IN A TWEET TO YOU JUST NOW SAYING 'OKAY DONE HERE IT IS" WOW WTF LOL
Spying: Always interesting to get a sneak peek at what files people save onto their desktop when projecting on big screen
Thanks for the follows!
ditto! Actually insert KC in between Dallas n Oakland wknds. Wonder if I'll run into Glove, ShortDawg, Hamma, or Oaktown 357?
We are so glad you enjoyed today! Help #makechange with the #RealChangeProject!! Follow and RT!!!
U don't know my struggle.....4yrs. of prison & a damn good eye opener...
Go read 's Reuters columns, they're like his awesome class minus unlit cigars and withering condescension
We are getting ready for , the red carpet is going down and the Italian Opera is playing.
"Gain some fucking composure. WE CAN'T HAVE ANYONE FREAKOUT, OUT THERE!"
No problem..you ladies are financial rockstars!;)
- good luck cycling today! Thanks for putting the pedal to the metal to
Killin The Game Out Here In The D
House and Senate who plan to vote yes on SOPA and PIPA: no amount of lobbyist money will help you scrub away the taint of your yes vote.
Doing the morning mayhem...your probably normally up before the roosters...lol. Catch ya on my drive in the morning...
You gonna die .
g'morning to you too
Happy to have you following. Thank you:
lmaaao, trust me you're not the only one ;P
seeing Tommy Wiseau's the Room for the second time, for better or worse, gives me eternal hope as a filmmaker.
Thanks, guys!
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Sir Winston Churchill
same to you. I wish u all d best
Just landed in Los Angeles. We have such a long layover.
HATERS make me FAMOUS !! :P
Oh btw The Avengers is a badass movie.
#BecauseofmyEx I used to be real confident now I'm a bit insecure
My iPod's favoring Fall Out Boy. What
I'll never forget the day I heard my music on TV for the First Time
New Horizon Theater, Inc., presents BLUEMAGIC at KellyStrayhorn theater in East Liberty, Pittsburgh, Pa. May 1st @ 8pm. Get tickets now!
yea :D
ughh i have a major head ache:/ today was not my day!:'/
My sister has a story in the latest issue of Closer to a Place Like Home by Margaret Crawford.
tomorrow = test -.- :cc wish me luck
Hi Michele, my company may fit the bill. Email me at please.
So r u interested in trk?
To reduce inflammation in your body, shoot for 8 serv of fruit/veg per day-try a TT veggie bowl
RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and #TheMoneyTeam -- Thank you.
Watching "Cut" on Netflix: Australian film students try to finish a horror film that ended in disaster a decade ago.
For a chilly fall day drop in and try our warm and tasty Chicken Armondo. M!
