Working on getting ready for my first road trip of 2010! Should be an easy one.
I would love to chat more about the business you have - Something we are very interested in!
Did you float away? Turn the old fridge into a life raft of sorts? :-)
Tune in to your favorite #ArabicMusic: Classics, traditional, pop, contemporary, oud, instrumental, and much more ONLY on #RadioMAQAM!
Pleasure Lady Jennie... Enjoy thy remaining Light til darkness comes upon all
Disney to allow its theme park workers to grow beards & goatees for the first time ever! Mustaches allowed in 2000.
You will be missed. (Who put that last one in!?)
#pgmclass lectures, quizes and book are all phenomenal, but I can't justify the time I've spent on the PAs. I'll exchange pride for time ;)
yeah, we saw a doggy get hit and we tried to save him. He's in good hands now.
My best memory was Leap Day 2008-I met my forever guy for lunch &we've shared jr bacon cheeseburgers ever since! Thx Wendys!
Nothing like road trips to #livestock sales
A hot mess of a hoax. Gender something something, gay, but really a woman, hobnobbing w/ celebs, something. Google it.
Saw Jonah Lehrer give a fascinating talk about his latest book, IMAGINE. Told a story about Bob Dylan's creative process.
OMG Hi! Whats up?!
If you can live without Google Docs it's because you have never really needed to work on a collaborative project with faraway folks.
I will b in a half hour to take psat
thank you!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix black people and
saw two birds doing it. ha!
Redheaded sluts and mic ultras around the table. You'll are missing out!
Good from far but far from good
He said he like thick chicks with short hair... hahaha! Thanks :)
We as women have got to stop bashing each other for our choices. Support those who must work, those who choose to and those who choose not.
RT: turned on my tv to watch the Packer game. Found out the game is on in an hour. Pepper sprayed my tv.
Nobody enters the theater business for $$. Passion, love, art and talent are what keep this industry afloat. But how do u launch a career?
Austin and Mahomie's relationship is unbreakable. You can say all the shit you want to about us, but you will never break us apart.
RT : #BoogieNightz by is on the way....
great turnout for yesterday's demonstration! We are the 99%!
what a lovely homage to William Carlos Williams.
No problem:)
loving puppies!
I'm horny I'm horny horny horny honey.
A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence.
Why do I always have to beg for someone to Skype with me? It's cool though. I see how it is -_-
Hey! Love your Instagram pic! Can we use it in a video we are making?
Thunder and lightening outside...love it!
I'm very interested in sharing my weight loss story for Lost 53 lbs, ran 3 5K's, my kidney specialist is happy
Mary, Lisa, welcome :)
Cool. Mini tweetup?
S/0 all my new followers
Didn't several more "Green" businesses go bankrupt and others are laying off workers? Things don't add up.
What is?
Im locked out!!! OMG ITS 27 DGREES OUT IM COLD!!!!
Girl next to me on the subway was reading it this morn. I eaves-read for about five pages... It was steamy!
BARBARA MCMICHAEL | Reading poetry in a pinch
Very belatedly,my mom in #Singapore has just discovered the "Poke" function on She's literally poking me twice a day now
I miss having my best friend around
I got u, ima send u tha link... Wat u an yo friends been up 2?
County changes stance, allows pit bull adoptions - Chicago Tribune
Earlier we had fried chicken, corn bread, and macaroni. We low key ghetto lol
Got 10 bucks for doing nothing.
I don't know! The password was still the same, so I don't knw. That account meant more to me than my own life.
She's adorable!
You can have the day... But the night is ours...
lol.. how did you find out shes gonna be in that movie?
Thanks for the links to some of the early animated/avant-garde films from the readings in #mc323 this week. Will discuss.
Reading about Rwanda...
& yes been a very interesting conversation (but were conscious to include all)
is that one full time person? 40hrs X 50 weeks?
on my way to Orlando :)
Correction, since the hashtag was used, but still a winner in my book! #TouchDowny Bring on the next touchdown!
Lev Manovich is up. Already this looks to be a beautiful talk
homie you can have her cus i dont really want her.
Finally home. If I never fly again, it will be too soon. Shatner had a better flight watching the gremlins rip at the wings.
You can't purchase love.
This was on tv...some kind of kid's movie! Creepy. Http://twitpic.com/3mek7m
#CIO Quote: W/ moblty & cloud, we dont work like 1938, so glad a senator is reexamining 1938 laws on exempt and non-exempt status.
I watched my neighbor's son play with his shotgun in the street.
I'm wondering, after the Zimmerman/Martin case is over and done with, is there still hope for positive race relations in this country?
Heading to in the morning to volunteer with the Allendale Columbia School alumni board.
Okay... done with The Hunger Games trilogy. As with the earlier books, I did not exactly *enjoy* it, but it was gripping and satisfying.
Just tried to log in to the faculty portal as a student for 5 minutes before realizing I needed to go to the student portal
Last night's lack of sleep is really inhibiting my ability to get things done. Attention to detail is totally shot.
How frustrating is it when you click a "Contact Us" link/button...and it takes you to another page of information, but no contact info?
Thank you for your sacrifice. Now the rest of us don't have to lose brain cells.
Thanks, we just got out of our first two finals.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife♥
Watching last week's episode of again because it was that frickin funny. Annie, subdue your guest...
awe, why did you move?! & I freaking love in n out burger. It's the first restaurant I tried when I moved there haha :)
...that drink is magic
hey how old r u ?? i am 14
Single doesn’t have to mean lonely. Single simply means ‘I’m resting my heart until it’s ready to love again’.”
. thanks! Glad to know I've got one or two readers out there :)
I am Steven Glandsberg.
What are you watching?
hell yea, thanks to you we got the tightest drummer on it:)
my queen
omg.. that is SO weird. I was literally JUST listening to that song. Damn, its a good one.
My soul finds rest in God; my salvation comes from him.
ROFL! Is that because I posted about how Klout is useless and should be ignored? How ironic if that raised my Klout score!
Speeding ticket, dentist and a problem with my brakes... what a crappy day. : (
My life motto is "I need a drink" RT : Probably a better idea. When in the face of danger(or anything) pour drinks!
i haven't tweeted al day 😳
Getting ready for church this morning...if u have no place to go visit Life Church in West Chester, OH. Corner of Rt. 42 & Butler Warren Rd
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
People on your block is dead here (mentally), but if they hear the words of Elijah Muhammad they will be raised from their graves
Twitpic please!!!!
''Aint nothin' sweet but the swishers well folks mine as well say cheese for the pictures'' #makeyoumine(:
When marketing your brand you need to study up on your target audience to develop a marketing message that will resonate with them....
I love Guadalajara! Wish I was there. Have fun. They're going to love you :)
Sounds awesome! I wish Forest Grove wasn't so far from SE
my chinese class was canceled. :-(
Funny... every time I tweet on the debate, some idiot spams me to sell me something...
Longest hour of my life...
C'mon Rocks, beat the Cardinals tonight!
RAY RAY!
You going to be in DC for a few days in April? Lets grab Tom Lewis & have a drink. My treat! I live in the city.
Police escort
Thanks for the RT !
You know what's hard to show visually? Multimedia/film. I am out of ideas.
:) would love to get your opinion on how to pre-pitch and work one's way into the pitching room? I find that to be my challenge now
great, now you're playing the old lady card. real classy, Gi. real classy.
“: St Louis MO and all surrounding areas the Warship is touching down at tonight Feb 15th!” (cc )
welcome! Follow back?(: your so nice!(: lol
research paper overload: when an ILL comes in you have no recollection of ordering & aren't sure now why you might need it...
we are up in iTunes! Thanks for the support. Means a lot to us! Or you can visit our merch page and get a physical cd!
I am in a Walmart in NC. Why do Walmarts have the weirdest looking people in it? lol
I have a weird sensation for pain
"He can fix my pelvis anytime." "SHUT UP!"
So he can't have an opinion on anything but football? That's moronic.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡18
What do you call an afghan virgin. Mever bin laid on
Never invoke the gods unless you really want them to appear. It annoys them very much. - G. K. Chesterton
- what is SWAT doing there?!
Gino Gradkowski. Harbaugh wanted lineman. He's got two so far. For this offense to improve, #Ravens must protect Flacco better
No you don't. There's so much pier pressure that comes with being a boat.
Boy, that escalated quickly...
#20ThingsAboutMe I've honestly never been on a REAL date.
What an interesting and wise point. Thanks! Your nice words are making my good day even better. :)
Johnson gets out of jam and #Orioles win 4-2.
I Really Hope I didn't screw things up like I usually do! :(
Good morning, all. A Wonderful Wednesday to you!
You can't touch music, but music can touch you.
About to get my wisdom teeth out today
let me go bro lol
#rossmorganrager sounds like a blast. Oh the good old days!
i've always wanted to work at a wong's wok...
Fuck that. I'm rooting for the Thunder now that the Mavs are out. I didn't want them to play each other in the first round.
Hey come join the tweetup and send out some #watertweets (til 3pm)
Yay! I love good news at the end of the day! :)
Free soup at 6:30 and St. Joseph of Copertino levitating at 7 PM.
What if..... would have done only...say 10 what ifs instead of 33??? Answer: 23 less awesome stories.
Rent your wedding dress instead of purchasing one.
#mycrazyobsession at the moment is K-Pop O.O Nothing wrong with that ;)
its a beautiful night, we're looking for something dumb to do. hey baby, i think i wanna marry you ♥
Distance learning provides every facility given in physical classrooms. Log-ins, necessary links etc. are all given to the students...
Don't you remember I'm your baby girl? How could you push me right out of your world? </3
hahaha you are welcome. Majesty oatmeal taste like heaven
#20thingsaboutme ; I'm HORRIBLE in English 1. well. I think its the teacher. idk.
Oh no!! Remember, we are in the library tomorrow.
Thank you!! Ah so excited.. :)) It's an awesome song.. Great job.. <33
Susan Glasee~ I cant think of any sorrow in the world that a hot bath wouldnt help just a little bit.
Me Fui pal gymnasium!
I'm working on a primitive version of that right now
If SMS marketing is done right it isn't seen as invasive to the audience. Permission, value, targeting - all very important.
Mad Men: Bad Trips - Grantland (blog)
Making a new movie at the gym today it's called "Get Big or Die Trying"
Jerrelle Benimon. You heard it hear first : )
gotta condo on my rist, Im cashin out !
Last day in the office. #SXSWi tomorrow!!
is about to take the stage
Bye Bye #IU 😭...Can't win anywhere but at home. No March Madness games in Bloomington
Ur like a Union Square Jedi. ;)
We're munchin out down at City Cafe Diner in Chattanooga. They sell beer at a 24 hour food place? Crazy....
Yay! Good news! Mom gets to eat! Ice cream & jello was her first request. Thank you everyone for your prayers! Thank you, thank you!
Don't panic, but I think I just cracked my knee cap on the cabinet under my desk. Thank god I moved it there.
i never was a pacers fan so i cant say i "switched teams"
Excited to meet with the great realtors at the NPDodge Real Estate-West Dodge Office today!
He Touched Jerry.
SHOUT OUT TO VINNY THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FOLLOWING YOU BACK.. MUCH LOVE.
Pick up this week's Our show at is a critics pick.
I hate cocky ppl n naw it isnt confidence mf.
Here goes nothing
KGO beer and food fest is just around the corner - we'd love to have you there. DM us for info.
Thanks for Follow!! One of my favorite movies! Troy you need to come back to Boston and shoot another film!!
tonight! Olivia Mancini + Grand Rapids + Invisible Hand + Clients not Friends = 8pm
well, when i'm working a 12 hr shift, i do drink coffee. otherwise, i don't touch it.
Good Morning! Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. ~Pablo Picasso
Well now you have to share your Do's and Dont's with us
Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don't even know the ...
#DemBabies are absolutely gorgeous and continue to get more beautiful every day!!
Ambition is my shit and I put that on my name
I am going to take so many pictures of Michelle Obama today...
Today's Feature: Worcester Marinated Grilled Flatiron Steak Salad over mixed greens, tomato, feta & Chili lime dressing Butternut Squash Sou
RT : RT : God's favor will make a way! Your willingness to obey and trust Him will unleash it :) in abundance!
My Dawg! “: About to head to #oomf house..and it ain't even her birthday ;)”
Enjoying Chicago weather and amazing Board member friends to kick off
Things I needed to buy today: groceries, shoes for work. Things I actually bought today: wine, tank tops. Close enough!
That sounds like a great event. I have a few folks I want to bring to the next #SMCRVA -- Any idea of a date?
Countdown to our #CaptainAmerica video game trailer release...only days away...
I know exactly how u feel
It looks like the type of film I would watch.
Looking forward to this weekend. Shopping for new equipment, new toys are always a plus.
People are sayig your FB account has been hacked. Maybe, maybe not. You also looking for virtual sex.
not but really, it's time for people to stop quoting kevin hart 24/7.....
I'm such a whore!
We just woke a slumbering sylvan sprite from a curious nestbox surrounded by three rain-soaked songbirds.
Michael Young to #Rockies is heating up too. What do we have to give up?
probably just a sexworker trying to collect his debt
make your mind up
Its Colder Than A Castrated Eskimo in Milwaukee
It is Equal Pay Day and Tax Day...women are expected to pay equal taxes, but not receive equal pay. Something isn't equal about that.
Thanks much for the flyer. I actually sent you an email last night, did you not get it? I responded this morning as well.
I am pretty sure doing someone else's project is wrong, but hey I am good friend :)
Fuck that new girl
nigga I look good so.idk what you talking about lmao
lol what??! Where are you getting your eggs??
I think we need to find ways to use social media to continue session conversations that are often cut short.
sounds cool
Over house with the young one lol
My pastor used the phrase Happy Ending in tonight's sermon and I thought of your tweet the other day.
yes we did...that was bad
Chef Aaron Patin will be featuring new menu items starting today!!
I'll be out at a friend's house in the Highlands for a bit, but let me know where you're going and I'll dip out and meet you!
Round 2 of music fest
I just shared some great pizza with the C Ahwatukee ladies at Bell Italia Pizzeria yum
Glad you liked our stories!
we are waiting for you ;)
LOVE Über! Glad you guys got hooked up with them! Thanks for the info :)
Move to my new, temporary, office almost complete. Just need a phone and a desk, and then I wait to move again in a few weeks.
oh #facebook i hate your #minifeed ... i dont wanna know what my exes are up to...
What's with crew members forgetting their routine today? lmaooooo!
I think people need attention that I can't give
Who is ready to ClimaX tonight?
leave me alone...
BEDLAM OU vs. OSU! One bus remaining available this Saturday so don't wait to schedule the Party Bus to take you to Norman for the game
Come on lebron pass the rock when you need to dag son!
From Justin (7:35pm): Strong storms in northeast IA will be running into stable air in WI soon. Keeping a close watch.
Thanks For The Follow :)
HA!! Guess what I found? Old IU pics. I was going scan them. They are so embarrassing! lol!
I think it depends on how you define evil in this scenario.
that&#39;s right mama
I FORGOT TO PAY YOU BACK AGAIN UGH.
right place, right time and right idea!!!!!!
lisa is done...went too far with everything
When you've got nothing left but God, it's then that you find out He is more than enough.
that bad?! Lol
#sschat #edtech #educoach ?-1:1 means a laptop for each student, right? Used this phrase with a fellow educator & got a weird look?
Best Madden 12 player on the PS3
let me know when u back
your great
Business casual...mistake or comic relief for the video to follow? Lol.
It's 's birthday! Map Room, Demera & Quenchers.
ahh.. Same. I even looked at the listings for that theater you mentioned
So here's my number, so call me maybe!
Tebow does it again....proves haters wrong AGAIN
Clarification: in majority of Latin American/Caribbean countries.
After #CincoDeMayo comes Safe & Sound Sunday. NEVER drink & drive. Designate your driver BEFORE you take the first sip.
Great example of teaching as community property. I hope students read this and a sense of how feedback can be effective
Hi Mike, Wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in positions in Philly? I look forward to hearing from you
Perhaps local lobbyist can enlighten us on demo permit + explain what "iconic spirit" means.
it's ok, he just got amnesia, but he recovered in time to save the broadway show and marry ms. piggy!
OUCH! Watch out Simon! RT : NO SIMON COWELL IF YOU CUT CAITLIN I WILL CHOP YOUR BALLS OFF.
Rick Perry is drunk again LOL, Ron Paul tried to help him and he still failed.
AMAZING girlie practice group tonight with coached by the adorable, incredible followed by...shake shack.
you look so like alex oh wow
Thanks for the link! I don't think I'll be making it down to the city, so I need an alternative :)
Happy Anniversary! New York is better for having you here.
We at Wallcovering One support the Recall of Scott Walker
Weekend full of activities with the kids! :0
take the N out of New and you got ew.. so why do they call it new?
Hold an over-the-top, self-congratulatory press conference announcing where you are going if you're a free agent.
This score LOL
Let's go USA!!!
author Matthew Inman live in Bethesda doing a fun lecture and book signing tonight.
This weekend: last chance for Easter chocolate 20-25% off all solid Milk, Dark and White Chocolate Easter goodies.
I agree-while the intent is there (who doesn't want better, positive parent engagement) it does cr8 a place where people will
Was cast in the short "Now I See" today! Yippee
: As #gasprices rise, President Obama's approval ratings drops to 46% in latest poll
your #HatersAreAllStupid like you
I'm getting there mate, been far from quiet tho!! Crazy end to the season and yeah I'm gutted, can't deny that!
My palms are sweaty & hands keep shaking. Had some weird ass dreams that are haunting me. Clowns made of balloons were suffocating me. :-(
What does it mean when you read several of a person's tweets and you don't understand any of them?
Blah blah blah!!!!!
The Spotcycle Android/iPhone app shows Bikeshare stations and bike paths on a Google Map, but it doesn't do directions.
less then 10 days until the #FreedomwalkNYC2011 come show your support, learn more at www.FreedomWalkNYC.org
Thank you for your support!
Wish I was in Walkers Branch tonight.
come on denver!
Excited to be a chaperone for my son's field trip to Kennedy Space Center today.
that was amazing.
Harden is blowin up!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Been blowing that stupid since des morning...
It's going to take me multiple races to work off all of the good food at
Love playing with my old stuff :D
we gettin fucked up. Gotta see my mexican twin
Tough times come and tough times go so always remember: no storm last forever, and when it's gone there's beautiful weather.
I sold my soul to Tumblr so I can afford a spicy chicken xD
haha well there's more again(;
omg wat color ????
food could be my best friend.
do you hate Mondays? :)
Agreed, but have to have right skills and personalities in place first. With changing business, most companies have talent gaps.
J.P.P.? I am NOT down with Juan Pierre's Pussy thank you very much!
of course he is! That's Mayweather's bff who's investing tons of money in this fight. Ortiz all the way!
Yeah but I don't think I'm ever going back- I like all this sunshine,bio-diversity and excellent sushi!
To Make Fragrance Last Longer. Start with a shower gel, moisturize w/ a matching body lotion, & spritz on perfume as the finishing touch.
I third that. DD shirtless has no equal.
My phone says that it's sunny and 62 outside. Time to prep my motorcycle
Did an awesome job. Made me really want to see some upcoming shows
for the right price any band will play a bday party.
I was a heavy heart to carry my beloved was weighted down, my arms around his neck my fingers laced to crown....
When someone who claims to love you truly does, you will never have to question that love. IRoxy Smith
I'm Crushh Free :D
We know what we are doing tonight. RT Tax Day - Celebrate your refund or drown your sorrows - $2 martinis all night!
I had a dream about ....I don't even now where to begin lol #winning &
Nails did , eating Thin Mint icecream , makin CDs , and snuggling with babe (:
Not up for this ride...
U forgot me #Team2Sexy!!
#MorningProject: figure out how to deal with #POSIXlt objects. (Any known tutorials welcome)
It’s one of the best save money tips I know
I'm laying the weet down now... Oink-lin style!!!
Chuck Norris kills dead people. :P RT : chuck N kills even when he sleeps
Can anyone tell me why B.J Novak still gets mentioned in the opening credits of The Office? I swear one season he was there for 1 episode!
Hey, Hey, Hey.
Do your running shoes have too many miles on them? Bring your old athletic shoes to the Go Go Green race, we'll recycle them for you!
Who's heard of our Goodwill Give to Get donation drive on ? Who knows what you can win for donating to ANY Goodwill in NE OH, on Sat?
now yalll got me all confused! :P
Indeed. Multi-page clicks could mean you have key info buried. RT : Don't confuse traffic with engagement.
You CAN have it all... (just not ALL the time)
congratulations! You're still running NY next week, right? Doesn't that make you a Maniac?
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-Thomas Edison
hey, im back in mpls, let's hang out soon. :)
"Motto" by Drake =
I #HATE when people try to make and be what their not........ You only got #OneLife so why waste it not being YOU.......
When leaving your #dog often he will notice a series of actions which creates anxiety – if so try changing your routine
follow me? Pls Mandy, Aria:] I love u on iCarly!
ha! I'm thinking about whether it would be a good book discussion book for the library's book club in a bar
Ah. I bet that's true. I don't have my own website, so I may be out of luck in the short term (or need to spring for hosting).
Not nearly enough. RT : About 75 acres of pizza are eaten in in the U.S. Everyday.
LOL, pretty SILLY w. sum of those tweets bout me that followers fwd 2 me. Pls refrain from hanging on my every word.
yo mama butt dialed me earlier lmao all I heard was 25 dollar steak ??
im too nice
Here's Johnny! Tonight on #AmericanMasters, the life and career of #JohnnyCarson. At 8PM on MPTV 10.
Oh that's cool. At least you're sticking with your team. I never stopped being a #Lions fan, even tho it was hard at times.
You must have batman on your mind since they were filming outside your hotel. But seriously can't wait for linking web apps.
Well...not as bad as World Series 1997, game 5 of ECSF 2010, the drive, 2007 NBA Finals...the list goes on...but this gm is added to it
wow this game is insane man!
magic 8 balls
im going shopping.
Why are all these people following me?
she is ideal almost anywhere, she is awesome!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Key lime pie is officially made :)
"Nobody wants a Charlie in the Box" Charlie in the Box
i should study for my exams...but i cant..
so depressing. Like a sniper is up in the bleachers picking off guys one by one. Not looking good...need Scal to fire up the troops.
in denial about my physics test.
this is the first time I can say I EXPECT to win a series vs. The Red Sox. That's saying a lot.
First Underground of the year and FREE FOOD tonight at 7! 15th and University behind the Valero. Be there.
Nonsense. He's the son of Coul. Everyone knows that! ;)
S/O to all dez ole ass niggas n da building rocking du rags
Not sure yet - won't get my tickets till that morning! Text me though so we can meet up, I'll be tailgating with my besties from SC!
I'm deleting twitter. Bye everyone!!!
Twitters acting up 11 new followers not added. Yet?? Come on we trying to stay in contact with the people.
RT : happy belated birthday coach! Was traveling back to East coast! (Thank u Coach!! You're back in Jersey?)
Thanks Rich!
please please please follow me u r so amazing and i will be the happiest person in the world. plus i love you so much!!!!
Check out all the cool prizes for FestQuest! You know you want to win a $250 Sushi Dinner party from Zen Sushi & Sake Bar!!...
In math learning new things
I guess I can go pick up the wife now
I LOVE WHEN PEOPLE COPY AND PASTE MY TWEETS INTO THEIRS WITHOUT CREDIT Wtf it wasn't even funny, it was directed at somebody
Thank you to and for an amazing Q&A call! :)
I have to put my cereal in the bowl before the milk, it's the law of food.
I love it when my friends text me stuff like this --> Someone was blasting What Makes You Beautiful by my house. Thought of you.
Congrats! It's a long way but we'd love to have you! RT : Got into :) So happy but why why why am I in the...
RT : RT : Move your message - learn how to add AUDIO and VIDEO to your website.
Email me at I'm so excited to interview you! :)
so you're the boss of the casting company? OK, How do I get a shot?
Congratulations your are our first Twitter contest winner!
You the one that I dream about all day You the one that I think about always You Are The One So I Make Sure I Behave! My love is your love,
Happy Thanksgiving to the Always Energetic & Positive :-)
Can't wait to see tonight at Aladdin Theater!
How good is this answer...damn!
Hope your day gets better. :)
I think Kelli is there too
SHE INTRODUCED HiM TOO HA TONGUE RiNG AND PUTT'EM TOO SLEEP #GirlYouNASTYYYYYYYY o.O
sounds delicious. Which one do you work at ??
a bunch of internet thugs...yahoo
“: Successful evening with my homie ” Def a good night!! Hope to have something final soon!!
#Collington and some eggs and bacon are a good way to start the day.
Watching the muppets instead of studying
Loved #WarHorse last night
Awesome - have fun! Wishing you a nice breezy, non-muggy day.
Women who can't cook are like women with no ass,
Once a cheater always a cheater.
Good Morning Everyone! Wishing you a Blessed Week...
I bet you anything that we have been to all the same shows lol
I wish I was home, I wish I was back there...with the things I've been knowing.
he was kind of a jerk when he visited.... Not impressed....
After months of building the site, We're almost done!
Unselfish and noble actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls. ~David Thomas
It's almost American Horror Story time!!
Ah! Me too! I love the crap shack!
I'm not perfect I just say I am because that's what I strive to be
Mark your calendars for Friday Sept 30. Euclid Tavern in Cleveland. We've got a live extravaganza you won't want to miss!!!!
But for realz, have to be at work in 29 minutes and I JUST got in the shower. Might be late, boss.
Stop being lazy and get your license, xD Then you can come see me whenever you want! :3
My to do list: Find Humpty video of That is all.
Writing letters for my mom and granny for mother's day. <3
So im totally sitting in a fortress made of blankets & pillows. watching Dracula w/ the rents. I feel like a kid again :)
you need to text me back. Cuz I need that !!! Lol
is this confirmed?
wish that tweet was about me.
Did you get a hanger from the Scouting division for our area? RT to let us know... about 2000 scouts will be covering 100k houses!
Thuggery and brutality are symptoms of ignorance run amok. Go Blue...good must always work to overcome evil.
I vowed 12 YEARS ago never to set foot in a Kinko's again. And yet here I am.
A pretzel melt hm this should b interesting
. actually, you're a faux patriot chickenhawk cartoon who wouldn't know truth if it hit you in the ass with an arrow.
<----- Deserves a couple thousand followers
did u get a chance o check out my book yet. hope u enoy it x
MT Spring Fling Finals: A Event: Border I (Kuniholm) over Belfast (Read). // Congrats Sam and Nicole
Wish would come to Denver soon.
oh, that's so nice to hear! Thank you for telling me. You are right, I should write more about WHY it is important. :)
I had to make fun of my friend because Klout thinks he is influential about models. That service is so weird.
Brooklyn11223 says #thisaintjersey so then why are you trying to be? #jerseyshore is way better and it will always be!
Coincidence? I think not! Will you be going to or the Pirate Festival?
#Moore, The Risk of Infidelity Index. Expat PI Vincent Calvino in seamy Bangkok. Noir crime thriller, by the other Christopher Moore. Decent
J Boettcher keynote: Future of Distance and Online Learning starting
Guess its just me tonight
You have the power to turn positive to negative and vice versa.
Also just noticed that during my drunken hours I changed my Twitter name.
Baseball Flow
May 13th... im releasing it the same day as the mixtape RT : did u ever release fornication video?
missed this whole convo, what are we talking about?
My eye is itchy
i bet
Fully aware. So was Tim Couch's.
Oh, Austin, how I have missed your shiner bock
i love you :)
Where have you been all my life?!
The Google interactive doodle for Jules Verne's birthday today is extra-cool.
Already thanks for the love! I'll be back in action soon
Ladies night tonight in Park meadows! 2 BIG giveaways! see you at 6pm!
we'll save one for you!
we love you too<3
Oh my - YES! We have our Altered Landscape exhibition / collection up now...see here for future shows:...
Oxy Mo: Unknown Identity
tufted vetch
loose more sweat? Lol
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online lol
aww well hopefully we are both up and at em by this weekend
"Make each day your masterpiece." John Wooden
Very nice 9:45 work out
No where is the promise greater than american made energy! Thanks
Oh my goodness! :O That's insane... Lol :)
How do you plan to #lendafreehand to someone in your life today?
MiniBük enables potent communication but consumes limited resources. Spread your word. www.minubuk.com
You get on my nerves so bad.
#mdst3707 There's just something about writing html at 3 in morning that makes it make sense
Thanks! Tomorrow would be a good question/answer opportunity for anyone who wants to know more!
everything's great, thanks for asking Chris. How are things on your side of the World?
Oh yanno just teaching my sister how to work the toaster..
Woah! Awesome! Keep up the great work. It's nutrition month...what's on your plate? That should help keep the momentum.
I would pay to watch Charles Barkley, Shaq & those guys on TNT break down the Rangers hockey game.
JUSTIN BIEBER IS MY INSPIRATION 4 LIFE even when ill be 80 and have 40 cats him and he'll give me the courage 2 wake up every morning
Looks like some Denver Zombie Crawl footage will be on Nightline tonight! (Starting right now!)
Watch for updated GSA officer job descriptions before elections this spring.
's outfits in her WW commercials >>
that's fine :) glad you stopped by ... u see we have lots to do but once complete will be beautiful!
RT : Hi everyone! Thank you for inviting me to be the guest host!
Almost in chi town!!!
I say we end the day with the latest
It's a sex club and yes everyone has been playing all night, but after 4 am please play in your bedrooms - not in the living room! Sleep!!!
lol, nah, just my finger. But I've had a lot of practice. More than I'd like to admit. Lol! Loved the Popeye!!
Hahaha Twitter is so hard. True American could be the perfect thing for 's bachelorette.
Give me a five nigguh. 
Got a shave and a haircut (2 bits) yesterday and now look completely different. Getting these "who are you" looks at work.
ikr!! A friend of mine had an extra one!
why would they want to film transformers at morningside ? out of all the other schools in the country/world ! morningside ? pretty cool thou
I was out n about!!! How have u been?
#princeton d'uh
Good morning my loves!:) What's my twitter family up to this weekend???
I'm on The iPad 2 which means I have FaceTime! Send me your contact info for a free consultation via Facetime!
RIP '86 Rally Man RT : BREAKING: Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter has died at the age of 57 via
YOU ARE ALMOST NEAR TO PERFECTION! :) i just wanna be with u
I use them all the time, they're simply for suckers....
They fucked me Cook
I thought I read a study recently that told just the opposite - it was for high school students though.
Sophie "I love you like a piece of cake"
Why is everyone talking about a Pencil sharpener.?
A billion here a billion there, don't about the middle class. We work them for little pay no benefits and we take the profits.
when quad core phone erik b released
hahah god I hate you
can anthony davis please shave that unibrow
PETA is still complaining about Luck? It's already been canceled! They're beating a dead horse. ...OK, I just got what I did there.
Tricky subject!
Really Phil? Abacab? Is it REALLY there?
LOL! i wish u wrote dick. that would have made me pee myself. no dick will attack u!!!!! tell them to chill. ducks are sweet
come on in to two suns massage in se portland relieve your migrane and get 20% off 503 4495164
Watching Chelsea vs. Manchester United.
I just lost all of my friends from that previous post
What is symbiotic relationship between architecture and social media? Nicolas Rader gathering information from users
Well gosh show last night was such a forceful well-orchestrated spectacle I didn't have oppor. to yell "Set Your Lineup!", haha.
Brb I'm gonna go eat a pancake (:
Hm My twist out still looks pretty good... Maybe I'll just wait... Monday maybe... #naturalhair Lazy hair weekend
I know right!! How r things in the makeup biz?
Did you get an egg custard?
I'm racking them up like it's no one's business.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Can't wait for my franks to get here!
RT : CURRENTLY CASTING #ACTORS & #ACTRESSES FOR 110MIN LONG SERIES FOR DM FOR DETAILS! 2
Douchebags RT: Why the fuck do those 5 dudes sitting behind the #Bulls bench still wearing their damn sunglasses
“: hey you're kinda cute” awh thanks jen!!!!! 😊
I'm a Kansas hater! KENTUCKY LETS GET THIS!
Well I like him 2
I think calling a kat "athletic" is the new "N-Word".....
Let's Strive Everyday to be Judgement FREE!!! We're all different, but we all experience fear, pain and love!
Thanks, TK..Nothing can keep you down. You'll be back stronger & faster.
I love knowing that you're mine, no doubts or questions, all mine. And I'm all yours..
Yay yay yay! Read me to your heart's delight.
how did the breakdancing go?
yo, give me a call, i straightened everythin out wit the apartment
I'm so ready to leave for the summer!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!
In Virginia, visiting President 3 4 and 5 in two days. Should've brought crayons to update my illustration of from 2nd grade!
Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs. ~ Martha Scott
that really means a lot!<3 (:
Thats bad :o RT : Trojan pleasure pack.
Thank God. Was afraid their playoff games might interrupt my Brewers time
1 press release and I'm done. must sleep first tough. Gestational week 34 is creeping up on moi ;)
except Luke Perry
check the comments on my wall...
. Mudblood (if you wanna name it after ), Boner (what we call a full blooded Prince, )
I don't remember all that lol he looked so good RT : no I didn't see .. I heard they kissed 😒 ugh! Lol
is creepin (; maybe this could be the day he notices me? #NeverSayNever 3
re JCDL 83% way less than that we have smart and dedicated people from around the world ask :(...) 83% of LC will be there :-)
Starting rehearsals for "WE FIGHT WE DIE," a new play reading I'm directing at the Alliance theater. Come to the Alliance at 7pm Monday.
Everything on campus is closed! I know it's spring break and all, but some of us still have work to do!
not doin it this week...sorry not feeling like writing anymore
So apparently I'm the only dude John Travolta didn't sexually harass?
Knock A Niqqa Down Have My Mans Take The Case.!
towson hot bagel then down to VA for some roller skating (hope I don't die).
some people jus have sex wit any body
oh my heavens and stars, the sexy articles we're setting up for tomorrow. Sweet, sticky, and full of the HAWT! Whee! :)
The Hiatus is over....
I'm going to Stef's at 7:30. I want to talk about logos, static clings & "the other thing." please join me.
"we'll burn that bridge when we come to it"
Just got the audiobook for HeatWave Read by Richard Castle. Holy Reference Captain Reynolds!
Music is the soul of language. Max Heindel
!!! RT Very much appreciated Ruck! Thanks 4 da love & da bottle! We gonna b celebrating ya masters soon! Keep reaching 4 da stars!
Oh hey, allusion to #SOPA! I see you!
New headshots scheduled. Gonna sschedule a Groundlings audition soon. Gonna hit this year hard;)
So many good things on the horizon. :)
The refs is cheating for kobe soo damn hard ...
Are those chickens?
I think it is weird. Somehow, I just don't get it.
What would you rather they ask?
that cookie looks burnt, man!
Wat the fuck kind of judge would sentence a 12 year old to prison for thirty fuckin years. This shit is cray!!!!
Anyone want to buy or sell a home in Wausau?
Happy first international #downssyndromeday !
Breakout session reports. So far the theme: To Be Continued..... A lot of local issues in search of a larger platform.
Why isn't CNN interviewing Joe Donnelly, the Dem challenger to Mourdock?
To wasted bar patrons that I'm sure to encounter tonight and tomorrow, I prefer tips over hugs, kisses & well wishes.
just found out that im not getting my 1D tickets after all=(feel like someone just ripped my heart out of my chest!
wat happened to it: / oh ndx u needa txt me !
Great to see SuperintendentThornton & Council President Hines at MasterLock
I'm tweetering on your page lol
You and your sister <3 , favorite girls
lol.. no problem! I tried to DM you, but Twitter decided, "not so much!"
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hate everything, I just wanna go home.
Told me what exactly?
. You don't worry about that yet!
Whippin through the house on bladed. TFTC
My best friend asked me to do her makeup for prom!(:
baby #7. exausted, fatigued, and sick alot. but other than that it's been going okay.
Make sure u promo me :-)
Accepted RT“: I need to apologize to for ending our friendship bc of crosbitch”
Now Im debating on whether I want to stay on campus next year. I dont want to be a senior surrounded by young minded underclassmen.
Who is following the game?
One Direction Infection ;O;O;O <3 They're all beautiful <3
haha youu know it's True!
It is time. For cheese bread. And it is so freaking good. $6.99 delivered NOW until close. 812-332-8696.
Weeks is giant, and can KILL fastballs..when thrown to him. Weeks needs to be in situations where he can't be pitched around.
Come enjoy our Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder Soup on this cold and rainy day!
Hi Thomas, thank you for including my tweet. I hope you have a wonderful weekend!
"odds against tomorrow" - belafonte, dinah washington performing, and a young cicely tyson!
Tip off Tuesday! Come watch the playoffs here at #PACERS vs #HEAT at 7pm and #CLIPPERS vs #SPURS at 930!
♪♫♪What if its lost behind words we can never find... what about now? What about today?♪♫♪
Mites causing spots, but they’re harmless
Do you have mobile app for your service?
SB stoplight on ptree at w paces totally screwed up!
love that calendar! I am giving that one to my grandmother for Christmas!
Computers can only do as much. The world still needs the human touch!
didnt really have any issues with the 3D ETX version... but I didnt expressly choose 3D... just worked with my timing
K, thanks. lol
respect the gash
Hopefully can get a ride to work if not looks like I'm wlkin from my house....today has not beem the greatest
It was awesome
.~.-_+ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
out of conference series don't matter in college baseball. We threw off because we just faced LSU last weekend, big series next
Weeds in the garden are total space hogs! (and time consuming to pull)
<.< Just get outta here already.. *dies*
We've already moved hundreds of students but its not too late to sign up!
all spot on. Like the use of 1 decimal place in your points too.
Sure:) best friends always share!
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love
I LOVE your website! Um...crazy I haven't checked it out before this!
Great job Kris! Time to eat and enjoy
fait enough but the biggie is creating engaging history timeline content for 200+ malls & finding and curating takes time
thank you for the follow!
Awe, you are too sweet Ophelia.
RT : Chargers coach Norv Turner tells NFL Network's Kara Henderson that is out for tonight's game.
Justin Beiber thanks God for his career and also Jesus who also helped. Holy Spirit, snubbed again.
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls that's niqqa be down grading too or cheat 4... If u gonna be a dog at Least grab a bad bitch smh
i got u. Whats hood wit a colabo?
my word is gold. :-)
Trying to decide who I should shout out in my 2000th tweet
Sad Cause... Well...
Harry styles
FEAR THE RALLY CAP!! takes a 5-4 lead in bottom of 7th!
Yay I got top 8 at TNR! Lots of fun. but im worn out. Night night world! z
<3 RT : peanut butter toast and the muppets movie, it doesn't get much better than this.
me to! I got my charger with my own money. I'm so depressed lol
Good luck! Saw this! Great news going into Dead Week and finals!
Wireless fiber = immediate, high-bandwidth connectivity with high availability, secure data transmission and flexible, scalable deployment o
What is your favorite smooth jazz Christmas song?
Teaching tonight on different narratives of cholera and TB during 1800s. FUN TIMES. (It's sad how much I love talking disease.)
Also, for Mother's Day I took a mom out for lunch and hit on her pretty hard. Politely, but hard. I'm a charming bastard.
looks like i just made the Level 4 CoeD Cheer Team !!!!!
Pizza and tunes with and 🍴❤🎶
My pleasure. You may want to let know your secret sauce. She wants to know more...
: Tune in tonight at 11 on channel 18 CAPITOL CHAOS live footage fom us feel free to leave us comments and feedback.
I'm going to be in Minnesota for the
sorry for the FB thing. it was really dumb.
EEK Cherie! Sounds bad.
The TSA considers leggings pants, even when worn under a dress.
its 12:10 am and im sitting in a toronto Hotel drinking and singing 80's Classics...
Why is it our generation tries to change the bible to fit them, wrong is wrong. Nobody's perfect we know but geesh
we stay winning! Good to see you tonight
I'm feeling a little frustrated today, but trying my best not to let it get the best of me. I think I'll make some tea
awwhhh! <3333 I'm just a good cuddle buddy when I try to be but
Uh, jazz. Thank God they have beer and jazz groupies. Wait. Ok, just beer. Pokes self in eye.
Hey! We have something in common! We're legends too! But only in our own minds! Please help us find these guys! Best & success!
DAR WILLIAMS & JOAN OSBORNE - Tuesday, September 27 @ Turner Hall Ballroom - 7:00PM DOORS - Tickets on-sale 7/29 - Just Announced!
Hope my tweets make you smile.
Tish Long says challenge status quo
ABC just switched off the Horns....No, I don't want to watch the USC game!!! Here I come, Law and Order SVU!
Hopefully you'll be able to help w/ the next one. Possibly in March?
u know I had to say somethin 
Am I dreaming ? I don't even know what's real, crazy feeling.
The first email newsletter happens Sunday - HUGE announcement. Sign up on our site www.ttfest.com, on the right side. Giveaways coming too!
if you cried when brokeup, go listen to ! (:
7th round pick, seen as a project for the Bills, started by default cuz no other good LTs on BUF. Decent but not great player
RT : Congratulations to #PowerofOne Capital Access finalists on your inspiring work and impact!
please follow me!?(: i'm determined to get you to by my birthday in February!:) #FollowMeAustinMahone!
Sorry for tweeting every 2 minutes... I have a problem.
Just plain wrong on so many levels!........
She chases youu around like a puppy dog..
guys just stop!.(: lol it was an accident chris stop it! get over it && move on!:b haha anyways...(:
Conference program booklets are essential items for organizations. Here's a snapshot of a program booklet we just completed.
Refs want the saints to win
cucuber+blake's butt= love?
Love how classic and simple Jessica Chastain's dress is. Dripping in pearls!
Pro Oil Plus - Napa Web Tools
It's almost Thanksgiving! Family activities planned on Wed. 11/23 and Fri. 11/25 and live music Wed. evening....
it goes 12 innings and manny puts Perez out in a non save sit lol
Welcome back tweetdeck!
oh god. working out first thing this morning was the worst possible idea.
A-rod and Pujols should share an apartment with Jeremy Lin could you imagine the tabloids then????
Osmo Vanska. We're in MN tonight. Army of cellos playing covers. You'll like. You're on the guest list.
Game over. Luckily, my son is still cute and the next three Sundays just opened way up
Ex Factor.. Lauryn Hill
thanks for the directions last night!!! I made it home without getting lost! yayyy! :) and it was nice seeing you too!
. short narrative for software patents. need a "Mcdonalds coffee" story. Patent shakedown stories help, eg IBM v. Sun
You may not be perfect but you are perfect for me, and I'm grateful to call you mine! <3
were always here for you, no matter what<3
This all day training at work just sucks!!! I don't think I can do a week of this smh...
Project Porsche 924 Turbo gets tested
Congrats to Adrian Black on creating an awesome Reel last weekend!
St Patricks day celebration at work- green pancakes with green butter, leprechauns, little pots of "gold"... Wow!
Wait what? RT : ": Have y'all ever replied to a rejection letter inquiring about the rejection?"<_< lol um no
How is my phone charging but its decreasing in battery life!!!
Yo on the real, if you want to do it, do it.
40 year old virgin getting waxed!! lmao
Check out what OB and DIA have going on these days!! Pics are up on Outward Bound Denver's FB Page!
Happy Memorial Day Weekend Everyone! Thankful to the sacrifices of people for the freedoms we enjoy!
When's the next MMA Sunday School?! Yall are missed!
Gonna go ahead & say it: Dire Straits = underrated
looking great on Wendy w.
When will there be a new season of ? I'm having Tim gunn withdrawals
how you know they telling the truth
Need an affordable, professional, well-located gallery for a show/event in San Diego? Please contact .
I'd be in
Apparently everyone who was driving decided to multi task and also suck dick today.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever!
you all really should come to the oregon dunes (horsfall) this july 4-12 for original sandfest and do some stunts and film it!!
It's not quite Friday but thank you and for following us! Much love.
Does not matter if he is the one!
#ireallywant my close friends and family to move with me :(
When I wake up on the morning after election day I want the headlines to celebrate our victory over politicians in it for the money.
He's risen!!:) conquered death so we don't have too! How freaking awesome is that!?! Thank youu Jesus!:) have a great day you guys:))
new facebook gives me anxiety.
CANT WAIT TILL #BELIEVE :') <33
nice arm bar baby! Way to go!
just followed everyone back! #teamfollowback <3 lets get 200 followers by valentines day, yeah? 200th follower gets a shoutout xoxo
Call the golf shop now at 608-244-1822 ext.3 for our new outing offers for the 2012 season!
Our says horseshoe and is about the special things you do outside of the game! #SB46 Legacy Project!
Peace is the Boss of everything ever created
GONNA PARTY TIL THEY TAKE US AWAY.
What a power nap. I feel like I can conquer all know. Look out.
Woah woah woah I never said that!! Don't listen to this nonsense
Hey people follow me on gifboom ! !
thanks girlie! :D
my emotions are dead with soemone to spr n make it alive :)
Dear Future, give me a cellphone battery that never dies, a car that runs on air, and a closet that produces an infinite amount of clothing.
used 1% of marketing budget for digital in 2009 and now it's 23%
..... Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny." - Frank Outlaw
you should follow us! :)
Sometimes in the morning when I pee it's kind of frothy. It makes me wonder if I was sleepwalking and drank liquid soap. Am I alone here?
Natural gas is cheaper than diesel but you need compressors.
Out of all the lies you told me, saying you loved me was my favorite.
So Santorum spoke and now it's Mitt's turn.
Honk your horn, and shake your fist, violently. : The car in front of me is going 15 mph.”
so true ... in life and schools! $$ == priorities.
hello again, twitter! it's been awhile, but you've never looked better!
So much for going to sleep early
Bankers are all betting against each other now -- Yes. And they're using ~your~ money! (#InEffect, #OPM)
President Obama said he supports gay marriage, but thinks the states should decide. I'm surprised that as a black man he thinks that works.
Great dinner!
waiting to get my second wind... for eating that is
Giants now lead 9 -0 . I am bored.
Yay! Tomorrow night should be good. I haven't seen everyone for a while.
2012 is the Myan prediction the end of the earth
Really excited that the local boys () have their home opener tomorrow!
thats what happens when you pushin a big body....lol
Good luck on your presentation today!
i know she a hore cuz she went out with almost evry guy in the world
finished getting ready! :)
Wow! You had a busy day.
pull me from the gallows.
It was a wonderful evening in #Marion, #Indiana. Voters are hungry for new, conservative leadership.
Working 15 hours tomm and I'm at a bar right now
this demonstrates that Obama care still has not effectively lived up to the promises made!!! Has Romney care addressed this?
dang Taay , clean up (: # need some help aha ?
No, I'm just in them!
i fucking hate life gonna go listen to till it seams like its going to get any better
The only way to run when it's 1°F in Minneapolis is with a Wallaroo top and Firewall zip from
All I want is a President who talks tough and starts unnecessary wars because of his unresolved father issues. Is that too much to ask!?!
Hearing the glee version of "forget" you was offensive enough but Gwyneth Paltrow is the cherry on top of this shit sundae
Finally saw the #HungerGames. It definitely did the book justice; something you don't always see. It made me excited to be an actress. :)
read tweets. any truth?
thank you for the #FF mention!
Why do super political ppl feel the need to cover their cars in bumper stickers?
over here acting a fool wit & william
Strawberry rhubarb pie is very underrated.
This weeks S.O.W./Ginger marinated shitakes/Spinach/Marinated Chicken breast. We now have Hinterland Coffee Stout and New Glarus Dancing Man
And its gone get even hotter, cancelling that hair appointment
this may be the toughest test of the year for Duke. I believe Mr. Durham forgot about UNC's trip to Rupp.
You're too kind! We're grateful to have been doing business in #Madison for the last 70 years!
I will try my best!
Look down, look up , I'm on a horse! (so funny)
I figured out why Josh Collmenter has owned the Brewers this year, he was born in HOMER…Homer, MI that is. ZING!
If anyone follows me i will follow back!!!Plz follow me!
Trivia...'Fair Play', directed by J Lane, was filmed on the University of Maryland College Park campus ,
sending you some beats now look out for them
Motivate - It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
is this the reall michael or a fanpage??
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Somethin about the way you walkk :)
thank you guys!! <3333 late #FF :)
I'd eat 6 donuts right now! Better than a fake cigarette.
This isn't me giving up, this is me letting go.
This just in: Confirmed Stock is, well, confirmed for the 2640 Space on Saturday, April 28. Vendor announcements coming soon!
You want to live longer? Set exciting personal goals.
Merry Christmas Everyone...may your holidays be filled with joy!
“: Gibson is throwing one heck of a #blockparty tonight at the #PHIvsCHI”
i hate you so much it makes me want to gag really LOUD
Cp3 is ridonc! Trade him to the #magic please
I am interested, please DM me!
Favorite "music" movie?
#onlyskinnyppl get attacked by pitbulls fat niggas know how to get away skinny ppl think y'all can out run the dog
Chris Paul will never back down from anyone. You can count on that! This game getting crazy!
Oh is she "perfect" drew? Thanks.
when people favorite my favorite tweet i make these faces 😊😁😝😱😂
Add Me on www.Facebook.com/janaenow
Bobby Mitchell on for Jim Eisenreich in center. Not a good sign as Eisenreich has been dealing with a nervous disorder.
I gave up trying to have follow me. Its just useless... I justin will NEVER follow me. Whatever. hi ;3
Thanks! You're gonna love the #nickasaurfamily! We're great:D haha
aww. I'm so so so blessed. Love you ladies.
Have you found a new place in Boston?
RT : sez we need to become better writers. When hiring tech people, I always hire the best writer.
- yep! I noticed this morning. Odd.
yea we do
#WhatIMissMost is that nice cold refreshing beer that was just in that glass in front of me
strep throat can go to hell. :(
this is gonna be a very physical series.
yes it is sexy guy
I can eat two dozen wings and feel stuffed, but if I get a whiff of a fresh batch, I got to have more.
Waiting to hear about two possible jobs this week: in NC and GA.
Thanks. Looking forward to a great day of hockey. I think someone said that once...
I think safeNet has sharepoint and biztalk market nailed down my friends
#orphans8 Bill Ferehawk presenting now on footage of Buddhist temples in Hawaii
glad to know I could help! definitely will be asking you for future gaming advice.
Happy Easter from all of us!
never go to a club called drip , sound like an std or something -_-
this is a very good topic!!!!! i thank u for bringing it up.
The rich girls steal, the pretty girls lie, the smart girls act dumb and the dumb girls try to be all of the above.
Super yummy burger along with the stack'd blonde ale!
Thank you! She is always interested in watching me make jewelry so In a few years I'll probably do just that :-)
Finally got off the couch!
your tweets are awesome !!
“: want to be on my radio show with tomorrow? I'll have you call in!” would be honored
Vegas was suppose to be fun....I am so confused now. People are beyond hurtful. It really sucks. #sad#
laying in my bed. :)
I want a Jamba so bad.
Baltimore needs you. Baltimore needs me. Together WE make a team!
u working today
Broken Crown is playing the Omaha Entertainment Awards Event this Saturday at 8! Come hear the best Omaha has to offer in all genres!!!
Not another girl???
Nutella Sandwich + Milk =
‘Rise of the Planet of the Apes 2′ Snags ‘Contagion’ Writer via
Twinkle twinkle little star! Who the hell you think you are?!
Eaters! Lil sis and I are cooking anniversary dinner for our parents next month. Suggestions for an A+ main that isn't chicken or fish?
what classes are you taking ? :)
Bed time last final of college ever!
Cool things are afoot.
Kudos to the 10 officers who decided to stand up for whats right!
Brett got voted off survivor! Damn
I needed so bad to see my Musicians in Christ praising God on there instruments and all I got was another program with no dynamics..JESUS!!!
Happy Monday yall!
you not in pare ?
Or maybe not... 4th down!
You're welcome! Great video!
every 1st saturday
What a FANTASTICAL game today, man! Nicely done!!!
My stomach is killing but i dont care! Party! Party! Party! Till i die!
I never really liked being categorized with others. I'd rather be labeled as me. Nothing more, nothing less...
I'm so proud of you! Already got his 1st single! You are such an inspiration to me, love you Austin! #proud #11:11
What a Day its been
ha, like your style. going to yoga now and then will hit the plum juice
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
it's a glitch on my iPod so really it's not that emeberrising
- love the positive messages. And always enjoy hearing you on the Murph & Mac show on the way to work each day.
I wander if its possible lol stil I followed so plezz follow me bak
Mr. Davis has a farm
Yes, you are right. I can't expect them to get all info in lobby.
happy birthday bro ((: see you soon !! (: <33
Clear sign he is about to endorse pot legalization. RT : Obama says Dave Matthews is “someone I just love”
uv never been a college graduation? Lol ur lucky!! Too much talking about nothing haha
If Uthoff wishes to appeal the "permission to contact" denial to any #BigTen school, he can request a hearing within 8 business days.
I just lost two hours of my life that I will never get back. What a horrible play. Acting was fine, story SUCKED!
Reggie Watts is hilarious
true, but extremely delicious. not pictured: lemongrass coconut gelato. beat that baseball!
When I call my moms name 2 times bec she doesn't hear the first she yells at me and talks about me to everyone else in my family. I can hear
lol I'm I'm the wrong account fiddle sticks
Yo! do you have a silver belt '? ?
Rainy days bring the worst traffic
I finally started actually listening to . I freaking love them. can't wait for May 31st <333
Yup! We will have everything there.
Happy to make you smile.
Does Bob Saget creep anybody else out?
coming to the game tonight! Hit one out for me
Going to Yum Center today for UL graduation. Congrats to my brother
Back to back 8 inning starts from Burnett.
Just got done killing some cardio for the night with always nice to have someone next to you!
we're on the same page...
#ConfessionNight has a beautiful smile. Wait, that's not a confession, that's more of fact, oh well.
Not only is #Adele a fantastic live performer, but she has the best-dressed backing band of the night
Jammin' it up at 's 12th live event! It's a packed house! Glad I got here early!
No texting :( wtf is going on with my phone!!!!!!
8. i want you
you tell them girl. U know what's right for u and others don't need to put their 10 cents in.
Fave so far: Woman: Do you think they would taste like chicken? Man: Yeah, but the plastic might make them extra chewy. Body Worlds Exhibit
So drunk. Good lord
I've never been perfect, but neither have you.
found on walls in the pyramids???...an image from [a] tomb complex that showed acrobalance, tumblers, toss juggling and stick manipulation.
My cousin to me: "You're like a real life Dora the Explorer."
SOUP! We have Beef & Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Potato Ham & Asparagus and Tomato Bisque! All fresh and asking about you.
Are you following us on twitter ?
please it would mean alot
Lmfao RT A Nissan Sentra does not deserve rims
Are You Talking In Acronyms?
that's what's up. Def killed it tonight at colony
Exactly. And he's just living his dreams, like he's always wanted to do. And some are trying to hold him back, idk why.
''I'm not a freestyle leprechaun!'' on writing me a poem on the fly.
My son owns this. It's every bit as... whatever it is... as you think it might be.
. and I have the over/under on rounds Mayweather wins at 9. He's got the over, I'm taking the under
maybe the fact that ny is a cesspool full of people who sodom and Gomorrah would kick out is finally cursing yanks
wit my bro tomorrow is his real bday
Happy Monday, looking forward to some nice weather and new opportunities. Get after it! "Nothing happens until you make it happen"
lOl, okay then.
We're glad you enjoyed it Carolyn! We hope you had a great birthday and hope to see you again!
I'm not saying it's their fault, I'm just saying it has to be a buzzkill to read stuff like that after every accomplishment
Just got a big stack of signed postcards supporting the #Maryland #bagfee from activists in Baltimore County. It's a little like Christmas!
Grab a Cranberry Walnut muffin and Golden Yunnan on the way to work
My kitchen window faces the street. I open my fridge & drink milk from the carton knowing I may be seen. I like to live life on the edge.
D: what's wrong
Feel like all I do is eat. Meal hours are too close.
I just heard that mark cuban dropped $250,00 at a bar in Miami the other night. $20,000 as a tip for getting a 4ft champagne bottle. Ballin.
i'm craving some #teamdeathmatch (:
Ah, Rangers vs. Kings in the morning!! What a great way to start the day...Go Dubi!!
I know!!! I was monitoring it all yesterday!! I'm up to 40 residents & 24 floors!
Who's ready for at Noon? Starts in 30 minutes with the ever-lovely duo & !
Never tell me the sky's the limit, when there are footprints on the moon.
Attention all PR students. What chapter are you on? Which chapter has made the most impact on you so far?
why would you do that?
Thnx for following back
What do you consider your greatest accomplishment?
“: Get up and work out everyday. Trust me it feels amazing!” <3
I Said Hi!
well, welcome to the family ! CC:
Sounds like a typical public library day. lol
chillin, how about you?
two weeks till I'm back! My roots are showing, it will be just in time!
Tony Parker has 18 points and 9 assists. Patty Mills just went in. Tony might be done. The Spurs lead 81-47 with 2:06 left in the third.
Tonight we play Desmond's Tavern in NYC!! If you are in the area ... Come out!
Thank you for the RT! :)
cocaine can't be THAT bad. I mean...they made a song about it.
Good morning... My stupid cat just knocked over my water thank god it didn't get on my phone! :)
That's awesome! I'm sure they got a lot of help from their awesome instructor.
I'm doing for me.
I just wanna sleep
Cleaning off my desk can be inspiring, like clearing the clutter from my mind.
Moore : Another challenge - 4) growing # of young people completely disconnected, need to get back on pathways
Just needed a couple of days to unwind. Found a sense of vigor and purpose. Ready to tackle the world again.
Get Rosie Thomas' record on
I can't stand it when my fingernail polish is chipped!
Three eleven year olds covering 311.
I want my funk uncut.
they don't have bacon although we love them ! BACON!! His license plate is Bacon!!!
That is awesome! We def gotta do it! lol
oh! u model? Whose ur agency.? Animal planet..? hahaha
i AM FEELiNG A L0T BETTER, THANKS B00. SEE Y0U T0NiGHT AT THE DiNNER
Actually sounds like a good reality show-old geezers returning to the scene of their original musical crimes...
on the wii?
"Age is?wisdom, if one has lived one's life properly."
"I speak for the trees," Happy Earth Day! #EllenRTme day167
Where all the divas matchs for raw? are you being cut out of the show for some reason u know of?
Stay tuned for the launch of our WunderMap layers. It will be awesome for your mashup
save some for lata!
Form label placement: Top-aligned labels are good for mobile and screen magnification.
Check out The Sentinel
hey Melo when you coming back. We need you we will be unstoppable when you return.
Happy Belated Birthday Jeremiah!
FINISHED MY OUTLINE!
Leading the industry helps. Regardless, by release time they already have next rev in dev.
good morning!!!!....how are u doing today girly;)????
Tasted the best BBQ catering today. Wedding planning is awesome.
Welcome to my newest upgraded member combring thanking you why inadvance
Wonder how many ppl have fallen when reading texts & running on a treadmill? Can't lie: almost bit it earlier #CloseCall #PlayedItOffNice ;)
Wizards Of Waverly Place is on<33333
I love my backpack! Backpacks are cool!
haha oh whateverr, & we need to talk? dm me.
#HERESTOALL He said I love you. I sneezed and said Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit.
can "smack the ish" outta me, but he will NEVER take away my joy at seeing Beckham in undies. Thank you H&M. :-)
yeah i know what it means
haha! Thankfully much better (but way more expensive!)...Definitely need to catch up! When's the next #CVC event?
As we celebrate his 101st birthday, we must continue President Reagan’s legacy and strive to become that ‘shining city on the hill’.
I love waking up to find I have 85 new messages of twitter and facebook :L <3
Ya mon Me did Me liked it so
#RAW #Diva #KellyKelly is Hotter :-)
RT : Have a question for us? We're answering one question/wk, just use #fedqt in ur tweet
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
the VW Vadar spot has been all over ESPN deuce during the Illinois-NW game. Laugh every time I see it.
Responding to an author hesitant to ask an embarrassing but honest question about her manuscript, "It's OK-your editor is like your lawyer"
to bored right now cant wait to go home to my lil brother this weekend i miss him so much
#idol - Colton took a unique rock/soul approach. Not bad but could have been better.
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5330
"Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys." –PJ O'Rourke
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez. Have the Mets allowed the most walk-off HRs in the majors?
My French teacher is so retarded all she did was break dance in class :D
We're excited for the rolling game bus tonight! Lots of kids are signed up! Have a great weekend, everyone! :)
Thanks for the shout out! Come see us soon!
Stay warm at The Anchor Bar Tonight with $2 Tuesdays..
We'll be in tomorrow (Sun) morning. Today is shot.
your tweet made no sense to me...
Agreed! They definitely pulled off a solid, secure feel while maintaining a more tactile aesthetic. It's all kinds of lovely.
Netflixs? or HBO-GO?
yay!! yr lib and you deserve it!
Oh gosh! I think im just getting my appetite bck RT : you said that you are eating everything..
did u know she had a swingset??????
It's friday finally!!
still waiting on that millionaire so I can hire you!!! Maybe because I work nights and sleep days is my problem...
How do you win?
My plans to buy a Porsche Panamera by the end of the year..
That awkward moment when you see identical twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.
looking @ twitter on xbox live
Ran for the first time in a long time... feels so good. Now if I can just commit to some weights and yoga each night...
Absolutely dude. Are you?
Simply Bits LLC At Simply Bits, we realize that access to safe, reliable and fast Internet is crucial to the success of your business. As
SENIOR PRANK DAY!!!!!!
Yayy Its Friday Fridayy ... Finnally Its Here! And Summer Is Just In 8 Days!! Yeahh Buddy!!
Go Syracuse!!! gonna win the NCAA Tourney!
RT : It's National Teachers Day. What is the #1 lesson you remember learning from your favorite teacher?
Yessir. You know I'm not leaving anytime soon lol
calamari = wonderful
nice! Thanks for the info. Go get 'em.
What's everyone getting into tonight?
“We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience” – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
That said, do most #museum floor staff have basic first aid training or know what to do in an emergency? Let me know about your site.
good move!
no pain no gain! You can do it!
MT At NYU for Middle School colloquium w/ , Chancellor Walcott & princ
I thought Chris lived in Vancouver, Wa.
I had to tell my nephew last night about his dog. He nearly passed out. I am the worst person in the world! my mother wanted me to get
i definitely wouldn't be ready
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANTHONY!!!!!😊🎉🎈🎁have a great one :) <333
So excited that my is back home I missed her! :D
