Don't forget to see Blake Wilson from "Terrible People" 9/20 8:30pm at Jerry Farber's Side Door.
Leave office at 8pm, spend night working issues with users. Seems to be the reg Friday night fun.
What a finish to a pretty great #MLS Season for the league... PK's to decide the winner... Great Game. Congrats to RSL
going to the lakers game aha :P
quit being a tease... lets see the control room...
I feel really bad but I'm not gonna be at stepanski day tomorrow :'(
be sure to rehydrate! A glass of water or a Gatorade now is better than an IV later lol
M just keeping current
RT Do something nice for a stranger today, even if its just a smile for someone who's having a bad day. Share some sunshine!
I don't need this shit.
Did you know Chevy has 10 models offering 30MPG or better?
Ima Start A Riot, Ima Start A Riot
Had physical therapy in the YMCA pool in Gardena today. Felt so god;-)
This sentence just in at the Lost and Found: “He’d brought in his fancy specifically to be tickled, and now it was covered in blood.” Yours?
Loved you with Kelly this morning! So charming! Your Twitter grandma is (I instead of e)!
Thx! See you soon! RT : Getting ready to head out to UNLV for #AIDSWalk12 to benefit ! Who's coming?!
Thanks guys! I do my best. :)
Tweet quiz: what piece am I listening to now that has this famous opening melody - D A C Bb A
5 stars: Harrow, Goodwin, Poythress, Wiltjer. 4 stars: Hood, Cauley. Only at UK is that a down year in talent.
Have a great day
will be open in Millersville from 9-1 on Saturday (tomorrow) as usual. Also for Twitter or Facebook followers $25 off any
Lana Del Taco.
HP&#39;s beta cloud service to begin in May; Zenith launches TigerCloud
Shame coach Mack hasnt been able to get this team to play defense. Big reason I miss Coach Miller
We sent out the freebie code for the participants in our FB feedback Friday. If you haven't received the code, email
Oh you are so sweet !
Here's my new Twitter account for information, thoughts, inspirations about the music of NO RESERVE, from the founder and lead guitarist.
Switching it up tonight.. 's Sailing Souls until i fall asleep 
Going B**!
Another short sale closing followed by YPN meeting tonight.
There go the Americans. Bastardising sorry 'BastardiZing' the mother tongue again.. ;)
Take bigger luggage, please.
“: I. HATE. LIARS.”<-- Wooooooooooooosa!
I don't know about that bro... Kobe isnt a slouch on D. He plays with intensity heart and drive
#ktco – The question of the week: What tools, online or offline, are most important to your business?
If a #medschool library, I'd ask, "which muscle?"
and are running for UT Student Gov Office. Show your support
lmao this girl ! Love ya Cuban ass
missing you dude. Ate we ever gonna meet again?
killer instinct? How about instincts, period.
totally. I'm extra nice to because there's fair chance he will be my boss someday :)
Why am i so tiered
goodnight everyone :)
": If ur in #Vegas ur only must have contact 4 anything & everything is If u don't know, now u know #Nightlifeguru"
I know what you think I don't know
Social scaffolding of writing: use the 1st sentence of a novel as a writing prompt and have students discuss how they tackled the assignment
you didn't seem to get the point did. She retweeted. You facepalmed. What are you missing?
are you getting the 12s saturday bro
Set up custom tinyurl & bit.ly URLs pointing to your Google profile - own your brand!
"Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away"
Haha! Oy - myspace. Which reminds me...I don't think ever deleted my account there..hmm...
Hate when my 7-year-old and 11-year-old act more mature than my 15-year-old and 19-year-old.
#Indianapolis Economic Development, Inc. is now on Twitter. Follow them for news on #Indy job growth. An early
OK. I can help. I will send you a link.
The Vitranos are a media/entertainment empire.
Former #Indy resident now in LA getting the biggest laughs so far tonight. Add Zanland to your #indyfringe list.
been on set for this film production since 6am -_- lol ill hit you asap.
Nash did a great job of using the hearing to address concerns. Foster Youth with me said CLC protocol too confusing.
Even when Austin breathes, he makes me smile.
hmm... if boy names on girls aren't cool then i'm a little screwed!
For anyone who has sparred with today re: Notre Dame, you need 2 realize that irrelevance is magnified by silence+indifference
Please pray for my friend in rehab.
Share My Life Baby !
Relaxing and catching up on some music. Hoping this migraine will go away soon :/
Oh my #brandival so much dancing and magic! Thanks
thank u for giving hope to all of #COkids trying to overcome an abusive
Haha, for president. As evidenced by the American flag...
love to help.
I have the sexiest followers. 😄
Not tell her then lie to me.
I might just put up with the aurguin and stay foreal!
Who doesnt like that song ? :)
plus I got to actually hear the pronunciation of Mjolnir! LOL
that makes me really sad. Poor thing.
Alright. I am just going to say Monday is the day and see you there.
Getting all of the banners out today and tomorrow.... Don't forget to hang yours Thursday! EAT LIVE BREATHE.... BLACK and GOLD!!!
Heard that the roads are really icy and bad, so drive slowly and take your time getting everywhere. God Bless and have a great night!
Drooling after a day time nap and am 1/2 asleep.
Lmao RT : I'm not a punk, he just evil
What happened???
Happy Birthday
Billy passed the 3rd grade oh what a wonderful dayy, passing 3rd grade the Billy Madison way
I know we got no strings attached but this can b a perfect match...
part 1 was good(:
follow back??
How interesting. Now shut the fuck up I will flip in your face.
Just went horseback riding.
follow me
Thank you for the #FF. Hope you had a good weekend!
ah nice
Dont pray for tasks equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
learning to become a popular blogger at #tellsell #sxsw. Oy, I need a lot of luck.
I Clicked On your Twitter and Your Backround Scared Me o.O
female its calle mi hair was curled obvously we had 2fire drill b4 lunch and we all noe yuh jus fina do yo hair again #WOOP!
"Because I like to cling to the possibility of becoming sexually active." Best quote of the conference so far.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter & Music Connection, Lollapalooza & Billboard Magazine Song Contest Finalists *
Wishing everyone a great ne year!
Snow tires>
#FF My partners in crime
haha- i can't wait to see you in philly- it's kellyanne
feel better! sending virtual... well, something more effective.
L U V MADONNA Y O U YOU WANNA
Left the house this morning without my Kindle. I have not felt this separation anxiety since forgetting my watch back when I wore one.
this is great!
BAHAHAHA. Skidmore. Crazy. You can;t make that up!
When I wake up, I smoke a blunt before I eat!
My phone keeps shutting off...no bueno!
Juss wanna get out of work already so I can party
Sweet or suite!
At Maria's bar, far west side, drinking Okocim and regular walks in, just won little lotto and buys entire bar a round.
"At every cross way on the road that leads to the future, each progressive spirit is opposed by a thousand men appointed to guard the past"
I would also note the absence of the dreaded (by me, at least) tabbed search box found on so many library sites.
State testing dumb as fuck couldn't get any worse then that fuck being quite
#1thingicantstand -.- go fucking die in a hole Fags..
And why am I at work today? Oh the joys of being in corporate retail.
slow news day?
You wake up in the morn & it's really sunny out, but then you go outside & it's freezing...that really messes w my head.
thanks for the follow, u from Chitown?
Wood Patio cover kits - Home Improvement Ideas
I knew I could count on you guys! Yummy!
my face feels like its gonna explode.
likewise! How are things?!
Music Marketing - You make more of an impact when you attempt to be something specific to fewer people vs. something generic to many people.
of course you can :)
Old country buffet in brookfield is closed. Saddest day of my life. Oh the high school football memories
Dresden. And u kind sir?
got my glasses and sunglasses last night! cant wait to show them off to family and friends. will definetly pass your name around
“: Done trying. I don't even care anymore.”
#taylorswift looks stunning!
I love you , &' I just wish the special day for you to follow me back would just come already /; <3
haha! So what's been good with the music lately man? Got any new stuff out?
Doctors strike: Patients worst off in doctors-Lagos State Govt tango - Business Hallmark
Use the Ohio AG's charity search to find out whether an org is registered to solicit donations here. $ info to be added over the next year
RT : More than 30% of Americans are #mobile only. Accesibility, affordability and adoption are key
Just downloaded an app to watch free Korean dramas just wonderful
If you ain't wit the 2's then partner u losin !!!!!
just sent you over the information regarding the Mavs Fan Experiences. GO MAVS!
Good morning peeps
Got dismissed an hour early <3
ok I followed no can u do the dm thing please
Is the text up here large enough to read from the back of the room?
your sprung .. Lol (:
Job search fail is so depressing, discouraging. and stressful. I'm going to take out my frustration killing people on COD MW3.
BuenProvechoTx, thanks for following us on Twitter!
as bad as it seems, it has to be good for Jacob Tamme!
Bwahaha! RT Sleeping to the point of chainsaw snoring in the South Station bus terminal is a skill not lost on me, Sir. Kudos.
It's moving day!
don't you think hacking is the modern burglary?
That must have been CGI. unreal.
thank you and I hope you have a nice Easter too
isnt that for the dual credit also?:0
is that your replacement to the 9th floor snack kart? Not bad!
Tonight is the night #choppedallstars RT and show some support for our favorite chef !
US leads Belarus 2-1, out shooting them 14-4 after 1 period. Plus, Captain America Johnson is donezo for a head shot on Red Skull.
Autism is not caused by bad parenting. I have great parents, and I can tell u r a caring, devoted mom.
Saw your picture on facebook! you look gorgoues! Have fun at prom! Love you lots!
Life is like riding a bike. To keep balance u gotta keep moving.
What a day my perfume got me a lot of winks while I was running around.
oh I love the hair!!!
Prove it.
Any recommendations for a good tailor in DC?
If its 11:30 PM Dec 31 in Texas and 12:30 AM Jan 1st in New York
George Bernard Shaw I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
thats what happens when you've got goodie as a mentor
hoe's your new job Beth?
So how was the weekend Milwaukee?
Montezuma's Revenge
Check out our "Try It" Class on Tuesday from 5:30-6:30pm. Email to reserve a spot!!
Facebook seems to be back up... still a good-sized outage for a site that big...
: Thanks, Rich, always glad to help
Storming the field in soccer!!! ESPN2 madness.
Finally. V-Neck season is upon us!
So far 1 snake, a few Scorpions, Run in w/ Javelina, Bats in outdoor light, Arcadia area is starting to look nicer 2 me.
promise I'm not stalking u but his Brand Gap is awesome too. He used to do workshops in sf. So inspiring.
grades are up!
Price is misleading. Factor in life span and replacement cost - not much cheaper than MacBooks. Not the reason to buy...
Dead to me - you didn't take me to Belgium. ;-) cc
A beer and the Mavs at the Landing. Good times in Dallas.
pedestrians were jealous of that parking job
Getting on the plane to Haiti...This is it!
Well done #fowler! Winning with a birdie! Class act.
Had a very interactive crowd last night who really got into the show. Did something special that we normally don't do.
inbox me if you wnna talk more (:
Watching the #caseyanthony trial opening arguments. She looks like complete trash. (I know she is, but she could at least clean up some.)
Dear why won't u allow images for advanced scheduling on FB? Really? #PR ppl - What alternatives are there? ? Help!
Matt won't let me try an avocado milkshake.... :(
Has an idea for a play. It's a shame I'm not a writer.
oh, she's moved on by now don't worry. but yes she was talking about you. also, it's late for david! i'm confused.
you could put him in your pocket!
more shots ;)
Today is a White Chocolate & Macadamia Nut Cookie sort of day for keeping calm, cool and collected during those hectic times!
Happy Tuesday, everyone! Any exciting plans for today?
Snuggling in my snuggie . ♥ Care to join ? , lol .
Can you just be with her and hurt me now, rather thn waiting...
Until March , i'm doing a musical
All I wanted 2 do was party w my beautiful girl and my friends primarily on my dime 4 my birthday. Limo. Many bottles...everyone cancels
Not sure how I didn't get your awesome drawing
heart attack!
Nothing but Love
contact Stacy at RT rather than voting can we donate directly?
Then it wasn't really news, but just a space filler. Interesting though. BTW who was elected?
Bro me too.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
$K£!||€X is good shit. what else are you listening to? for me it's and short songs, and
Gd pt RT Is pinterest really mobile? Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
excellent meeting you. nice place and good people. i'll be back.
BUMPINRVIDERKlVN Early in the FXCKEU MORNING my guy Lyrics ComplExwit dat 90s flow dat guy spitten death in ears and mind
Let me see how long they say but I believe the Cavs 2.0 aint gonna get it done.
Learn sumthn new everyday....
you are a badass!
Denver<3 tim tebow is so effing hot <3 !
just met the dalai lama. omg. my life is made. what a concise and profound person!!
Facebook comments is dynamite. Part of me thinks now that they have almost every business on platform they've moved on.
Watching Horrible Bosses
this must be your lucky day then?
Seems like if you're good at gambling, you're a professional. If you're bad at it, it's an addiction.
Yeah, but too bad I wont be at NYU. The rents were talking about how big the rats were. Ew.
CFB has always been about arguing over unprovables, plus the fear that your player/team/conference is getting screwed. Kiss that goodbye.
The Silk Tie likes Elijah! I wear ties when I play Monopoly, when I get beat by masters at least I look good
why can't you force somebody to like you ?
Ugh! I can't sleep!
it's okay. it's a radio station.
you already made it :p
just awful.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Lol Dill goin Ham cuz he ain't get no present frm Aunt Miriam n Tommy offered to share his toy but Dill ain't goin out like tht lol
AMEN!!!!!! RT : Rule 2: Never bad mouth your teammates. Ever.
Thaw frozen meat and poultry in the refrigerator and not on the kitchen counter where bacteria can grow.
So much news passes before our collective eyes every day that we couldn't possibly cover it all. Mostly because much of it isn't wo
My mom definitely just texted me from her bed, right across the hallway.
as long as im with you babe we can watch Ellen for all I care...
Got my tickets for the game vs. THE Ohio State University. It's a few weeks away, but I'm looking forward to it already.
are we staying with your mom ?
Hey there! Sorry for the late reply. No, I was never on Judge Judy. Thank god. She'd tear my ass up.
Stop wearing hoochie mama shorts then!
I weighed Fiona and she's about 16#. I have a feeling that's a touch overweight. How did you get Oliver to shed the poundage?
nice what song?
Librarians have an opportunity to step up and take a role in the world of data, data analysis, and data curation. Dessy
the process is more about who is wrong instead of who is right
yes ... snooze-Fest!!
656 followers - I think I need a special diabolical treat for my 666th!
Quite a haul. Hope it's worth it. RT: : Alright, I'm done with hunches. The entire press conference was about Seth Jones.
RT : Worth every penny.
the playoffs are so exciting
Another day on the court! Tourney Championship Game
Our country is heading in One Direction, the crapper
Emerging Talent: Theophilus London -
I love how the sound of the street cleaner sends my neighbors and I in a panic to move our cars. I was OK, this time. #FUstreets&san
i cant
don't try to rap if you aren't good.
Lofl. Yep. RT : MTV Movie Awards 2012: "Best Fight" ---- The fans VS
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!!!!!!
Veronica stacked her blocks for the first time today!
Did you know Zuma Fun Center gives out FREE tokens for As & Bs?? Bring in your report card and let us reward you for all your hard work!!
Learned that lesson the hard way b/c I've had the full Barcelona experience too. If only it were like the full English breakfast.
Apparently my face was just on on my boy's episode of Shark tank for
Hello! I'm also a former foster kid. So very good to meet you here. :) ~Conna
My life lesson learned today is that Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Writing tip from #CTfictionfest : Plan your next day's writing the night before. set time or word goal
I swear my brother can be so retarded sometimes
Offering all businessess FREE mobile media marketing Success to All!
Remember the iconic civil rights pix? Suited black men wearing the printed sign "I AM A MAN." Powerful. No masked glass-smashers there.
Make sure you follow the team
On dis Hen
B-rock is Brian. Kevin left to hang with family and do a few others things. Kevin is the oldest ogre group.
The building is electric. I haven't seen it like this in years.
Bring it on. Don't take Derrick Ward in the first round -- I hear he got cut today.
yay! Can we bring zach? He wants to go too, you can meet best man in my life haha
After being treated to a fab blow out last night, I find myself wishing I had a live in hair stylist.
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing." - Vince Lombardi
Stall 2 is down! I repeat stall 2 is down! The toilet seat has been torn off! Stall 2 is down!!!
Good morning! Happy Tuesday!
If you fight like a married couple, talk like bestfriends, flirt like first lovers, protect each other like siblings, you're meant to be.
6 complete games
I'm going to be in a first friday exhibit tonight....well, my photo is anyway... :)
That's pretty slick. I like them.
Hey #Flyers, where's the jam!? Let's go.
Well work sucks..Sunday hurry up so I can b off..can't wait to grab a 40oz when I get off work,gotta b stress free..
you know you #DoinToMuch when you tryin to call some one rachet well if i'm rachet you rachet so get real
This guy on CNN made a good point. Do we wanna be "sexual rednecks"?
Why is someone from Argentina trying to log into my account? Thanks for saving me, Gmail!
starts tomorrow and on the 26th! Hope to see you folks there!
I'm gonna eat some hot steak with my dirty wife at bob chins
My dad just called hand sanitizer antibiotic :)
who wanna kick it with me & & tonight???? hmu!
lol! Whatever! How are you?
The Remington M870 is a inexpensive best-selling U.S. pump action 12 gauge shotgun, known for it's reliable and simple action.
Thanks for RT. Was wondering if anybody would catch that. :-)
I figured u wouldn't be swayed that easily! Either way he's no Derrick Williams but then again who is?! ;-) Hope all is well!
LeBron never shows up late.
Come on
Hello to our Eastern WA friends!
Going to new york, new york today hehe(: xoxo
going the 18th leaving the 20th
We're hearing great things about the last night. Sounds like it was quite the show!
lol love you too
I was considering getting on the plane back to nyc tonight. But I just fell in love with a bartender and I'm reconsidering.
thanks! Fixing it now!
The only good thing this show had left was the possibility of Mark & Lexie getting together. Good luck w/ season 9, jerks.
what do you think of the proposed red light cameras being added to generate revenue?
Let your past make you Better. Not Bitter.
Its acceptable to post statuses every 5 seconds on twitter..but on facebook, oh no no.
my 3rd eye stays open
I would feed you all my love. Not like sexually referring to my penis but fictional fairytale love
Curious... Did you intend to block me on Instagram? I tried to follow you there. ✌
omg I'm just gonna sit in my dam fridge ...
any idea when some of the nike stuff like the gloves will go on sale?
TAXES DONE!!!!
What are the specific requirements around injury disclosure set by the NHL? Do they change for the playoffs?
most definitely. As soon as I can find the time. My weekends are booked the next couple of weeks.
and then IU sent out the press release. Uk has the lease for Lucas oil for a game still. It maybe ucla or TX
thanks for the follow. I think we can have great synergy with our interests. How does chocolate impact your life?
kourtney help me
I'm more than irritated than ever.. WHATS HAPPENING! :l
When people speak in questions, I immediately start discounting IQ points. Yes, I'm judging you.
. I don't know if I am a gardener, but I am sensitive to what will and what will not grow at Hankins Ranch.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping. - Dale Carnegie
He couldve stayed longer !
What keywords are your competitors targeting?
Steppin' out from 0 2 1 in faith towards gr8tness in God & a future multiplied in blessing! Refuse 2 live mundane when my God is Miraculous!
What did you do this weekend? Did anything crazy happen?
cant wait i lovbe u more than u can even imagine Justin love love love:)<3$!!!!
Now you can submit exciting questions yourself! Or you need #libtechchat ? :)
you make your bed you lie in it: me: 1-min jokes, you: trani jokes. 2 artists. 1 cup. :)
Just one of the many "pleasures" of dog ownership!
To be the best you've got to beat the best
halfway there, just a little under 500. Thinking another 1K from this point. For now, dinner to keep DH happy. will be #amwriting later.
Just got a wicked hankerin' for a Grilled Stuft Burrito. Haven't been to Taco Bell since I found out what's in their "beef"
talkcounts hosts teen dating forum on healthy relationships Saturday at 10:00
I have thought about pretending I wanted to rent the place so I could check out the tunnel. Would be a cool piece
oh. do tell.
...it WAS until 1) people kept asking me for things and 2) one of my minions got off with a light sentence from Twitter jail.
St James - Obi Enechionyai (Virginia Elite) connects on a 3 ball to tie the game @ 62
Gym today? I think so.
oh nice man yeah she's good peeps! Hope you guys took care of her. Actually building my website or my new biz! Recovering from
Time will explain it all. He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks. -Euripides
Another big name for This time it's ! is working hard!
It's a 498 mile road trip from IU's campus to the Georgia Dome, will students make the trip for the sweet 16? Story on at 4!
The brand NEW special 'Dancing For The End with Pamela Pachukova' will be in July 1th on Nick in live from L.A!The beginning of my tour!
#miniaturebullridingworldchampionship is a amazing opportunity for young cowboys, thanks !
4 days! I don't think I'd live past 2 days in Vegas.
It's (literally) Where The Sidewalk Ends in
Thanks. We're glad you like it.
Spent my day laughing at Catholics with ash on their forehead, they remind me of hobos :)
if #BraylonEdwards can get a TD, then it's been a great fantasty #Thanksgiving, go fantasy points
OK, you asked and we heard, #HummingbirdPOS is now free for download.. check out #GooglePlay #AndroidMarket for details.
Not a Tebow fan but you got no choice but respect his on the field performance
Love is EVOL
Keep watching my tweets haha
Drake's Club Paradise Tour is coming to the 'Burgh 3/26! Listen to WAMO100 all week for ticket details and to win tixs to the show!
it looks so sweet and babylike I hope it is just a full grown lost mouse
MARCH FOR BABIES with us tomorrow morning. Meet us at the small park next to the Georgia World Congress Center, GA Dome 830AM
I am looking for volunteers who want to share. - RecoverYourLife ...
He needs to connect with some builders!! I am studying for a new designation that helps me work with them. Hum!
hey, summertime is crazy. Soon though. Forward link to performance.
Looking Fot Hot Tracks?
FOR SALE – UNDER 1/2 PRICE. Largest 4-day Women’s Business Conference in N. America - eWomenNetwork 12th Annual International Conf & Biz E…
Humans r the only creatures on earth who claim god, yet the only ones who act like they dnt have one.
kk i just followed everybody
u dated rebbeca b right??
us that hes been having problems & been depressed & all & it legit made my love for Austin disspear & BAM! PSANDERS APPEARED!(:
I got an actual type-written letter w/ cool stamps sent in the mail to me from on #obscuraday. Drafting my reply.
should favorite this, because it will make me happy.for life. Thats all it takes. Hes my idol. Ilovehim
MT from audience: why are only centers getting checked for fraud in milwaukee? There are 72 counties in the state.
Yes, Pinterest boards are overwhelming sometimes. I'm using it more to share what I find than to find things to share
Bzjdizdsuxkdjff. I need to go to best buy.
Despite what my friends at say, I am finding it impossible to sip slowly #stone creek coffee
Solace tonight = copious beastie boys. Wherever you go.
Louis_CK_Beacon is funny and profound. Thank you.
Saturday NIght: MetLife event @ the airport. Something about hangars I just love.
Worked on TV program, An Awesome Autism Christmas... Check out song at www.AmyAmes.com on music page.
and she knows that,,, In fact you sitting on twitter defending her and she not even defending herself.. so what u say about that?
didn't see yours...what happened?
sorry i'm just now getting back to you! Yes this is the dress i drew for you at work!! haha
Be blessed in all you do and forgive as you would want to be forgiven! Rest well, night!!
mau I have a question. what do you like? I want to send you some stuff 😊💚
Pizza of the Week: Johnny’s Italian Special - Our House Specialty! Sausage, mushrooms, onions, pepperoni & green peppers
At Jimmy's Of Chicago singing karaoke with my bestfriend & her coworkers!
Hannah may or may not he wearing the jeggings I bought her. She has like 6 pairs of that color
Let's go Knicks!
RT : Temperature check: At Noon, it was 68 degrees at Central Park and JFK. At LaGuardia: 69
: Ha! Good to know. Some of us start getting nervous around the 20% mark!
TY guys I am Praying very hard! Praying for ALL and EMS FIRE and POLICE
You're a professional at ruining my mood. 😔
patty is on a different level tonight. You (Ryan) have been the topic of conversation tonight :) haha
not if you're calling me sir! Right ma'am?
lucky eyes...
I think you should have Zayn Harry or Niall come to prom with me in Boston! #DanceAllDay #UpAllNight they won't regret it:)
i second that emotion.
“: Benefits of Grapeseed Oil ” < check out our #Sombra Massage products we have it in our products. .com
What are your resolutions for 2012? Have a fun and safe celebration tonight! Happy New Year!!!
I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid! (Eminem Voice)
Who needs Mariano Rivera when you've got John Lackey? Am I right??
Dear #Ohio Media, for the next year when Brady Hoke says 'Ohio', please respond with "you mean the school that beat your basketball team?"
Hey thanks!
arizona ... Again -_-
Of course, we need to raise more non-profit $$$ to get a bigger/better space...but how hard can that be? :)
Of course, we already took our school trip to Kings Island and is going this Saturday -.-
no no! A fed coxswain is a happy coxswain! Don't skip meals missy!
Now its raining in SAV. I'm not getting home tonight. #fail HELP!!!!
i understand girls talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
Happiness if finding four drink tickets in your wallet before flight time.
Up much earlier than I wanted to be. Reminds me of the morning I got the title for "Quiet House" on my cd, "Out Of The Shadows".
Going to
If you're not following you need to. or ICP fans are going to hunt you down. or gingers will. most likely gingers.
I like sparkly.
going to the Gallery Church in Flatiron. Ends noonish? Will be on my own until 2ish.
#4cnarrative daily updates
Bubba Watson's win @ Augusta is a complete reversal from '97 when a black man won the Master's nd Bubba was in the White House.
I will NOT be the class clown. Out of 70,000 applicants they picked me and I'm going to show them why! Once I heard this my eyes got watery
West is more exciting than the East this playoffs? You're high.
fact! This is an awesome city. I know you'd enjoy the food and drink as I have.
Great hustle by Seguin in front of the net to score the dirty goal.
aww I didn't even see you! :-(
miss u
Thank you! Happy Friday!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Cliff and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
yes Dave again 😃 I REALLY want to win!!! 😝
Bodysurfing at the beach. Gardening blowout... hedge and tree removal. Barbecued corn on the cob and porkchops with applesauce. Yeah, a...
Game headache.
hell yeah, im almost done with my credit recovery tho
RT : RT : Q3) How to be a better facilitator from within the crowd, not in front of it.
Can you plz tell me ur shoe size FANSHOES my company has designed a customize casual shoe for u as your Christmas gift. Thanx
Owls are well and fine til one screeches outside your window at 1am.
who you calling a slut?!
Brand new episode of #TVD tonight at 8pm! Directed by my favorite
awesome, I will be sure to check it out!
is on her way to 400K! Let's get her there!!
I bet disagrees. He once took a picture of 4 simply juices in his fridge.
I think we can find some room for upper management. Okay, you're hired.
Ending was a little abrupt. I agree with most of your points, but just didn't love it as much as the book.
I miss being at home :(
ah 18 hours until I don't get tickets ;) bet you thought I was for a minute! I would if I could go to NYC! xx
iphone here i cum
My sister look beautiful in her prom dress  she grows up so fast :')
and I suck hard, damn it.
Service Industry Night at the Crimson Canary! Killer drink specials all night! 141 S Broadway
i have been on the bulls court before i played there it is amazing @@@@@@
From what I understand, SA is not a big marvel scene, the hotspots in Texas atm are Houston and Austin.
Thanks Adam for the follow!
Barkley loves whores and booze! #TNT is pissa. Shaq can leave anytime though.
Sorry it is really expensive to send stuff to Australia. Can we do a Skype chat instead?
sorry guys I fuckled up. The scrimmage is here.
Welcome to my Friday nights. RT I bet a lot of marriages crumble from the pressure of deciding where to order dinner.
love your 5 style commandments in "destroy old photos that show you with big hair and wearing spandex" HA!
Thank you for your support! We love our fans more than anything :)
lol, well let's do it.
I really want to take pictures with my little cousins to create memories!! and soon ima show a picture of wat they look like :)
(my MOC) expects respect, but gives none to her opponents; her fundamentalist church, not the country, is her top priority
Great feedback from our taste testers! Submitted changes to the lab, and now awaiting our 2nd Delicious Licks batch!
you crack me up.
Really glad someone finally responded to that line. One of my favorites! Thx.
It's been a fascinating week. Gonna do some cleaning and hit the hay.
"I want to say something about love"
Today is gonna be a good day
You can't underestimate Gods timing. #RIPRyan Im going to miss you.
Mr. Besst put the Midterm Review answers on school web!!
You can say that again! :) Lookin' good, Spence! Love catchin' up with you & hearing about your adorable family! :) Cheers!
Proud to stand w Leader & , et al, at reintro of #ViolenceAgainstWomenAct. This. Must. Pass.
Yikes. RT : I might need to start drinking coffee on Thursday. I have to get up at 3 a.m. so I can coordinate a media int.
Making money and doing me 100%
Loves his #cleaninglady Socorro . My place is magically cleaned . Order in chaos.
fair soon! 😃
For our Sign Making customers...We are out of Black Carbon FIber VInyl, Chrome,Gold and very low on any Shade-Shift.
should have known my parents wouldn't leave Roanoke until 5pm to come get me....
MAU OMFG CAN U PLEASE DO ME A FAVOR AND FOLLOW MALLORY ALREADY 💔 FOLLOW U BUTTLICKER
What do we need to do to get a special '90s medley arranged?
Interested in the ferocious abortion rights battle raging in America? Come see documentary film "12th & Delaware". Monday, March 7th, 7:00.
Hey would you mind retweeting this? > EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
I owe you a second big apology for putting you on the spot. I learned my lesson!
Civic Engagement presentation today on Shingles. If you have had chicken pox, the virus remains in the body & can appear later as shingles.
if we stay on the road much longer I'm gonna look like I've been living at waffle house lol
I couldn't date a girls with a manly voice, it's a turn off. Like why is your voice as deep as mine? Why?
Noda Studio crawl!
There's always something good to see, even in a bad thing. Learn to be thankful.
It was a mighty awesome episode! :)
Gia is so ADORABLE!!
Our 1st mystery: Which serial item records say they're in multiple formats?
Hey , seeing the sights?
lol ur funny be safe and god bless your travels
and we know it will be even more fab than the last time!
so jealous! Looked beautiful.
Mammoth trails 5-4 in low-scoring half. with 2 assists - 106 pts on season.
O can't wait to watch "exciting highlights"
follow back yo .
why didn't you tell me earlier?!? #islamexpert #ishmanomar let's take shots
Recent praise for Ancient Art Podcast: "Surprisingly interesting." Ah ... the sweet smell of success!
no u don't u didn't follow me
Apple juice makes my tummy feel weird
Just getting the hang of twitter tweeting...sorry for the missed mentions! Damn that antiquarian side of me!
thanks, was a little slow to dive in!
celebrating national coffee day with a pumpkin latte.. probably the first of many today
High glucose levels in the blood cause damage to the blood vessels and nerves
just saw a great fireworks show by the University of Pittsburgh.
Please follow our new Twitter account!
Your cyber-laughter is very impressive. Well done
stop it in a few yrs that's all your gona see so get use to it okr get a better tv
Too true. That last loop will kill me before the kids do.
Whatever firm, start-up, brand, agency, or University I work at, I want to love my job as much as the #CarTalk guys
Wow so I get btiched at for my opinion. Bro stfu. Shittt. I have my opinions and im nt gonna keep em to myself.
omfg im sick of everyones problems jsjrjwrw I DONT HAVE ANSWERS FOR YOU.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep. —-Leonardo da Vinci
Why is Gmail suddenly insisting on listing all times in am/pm format when I have it set to 24-hour format?
VIOLENCE/BEAUTIFUL FEMALES/SICK SLOBBERING PERVERTS/CHILDREN/BOOZE N EXCESS REGULARLY/DENIAL/3RD GENERATION OF THE SAME/FREEDUMB
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know
I guess so
I AM A NERD and I've been buying these books for years, obviously.
CAN NOT WAIT!!!!
So don't tell nobody twitter but I just linked up with an up & coming production company. SS
That cat nap was great
Natural med ? - How do you get rid of a sinus infection that just won't go away, and traditional meds don't help it at all?
Yep, that's me! It's taken a while to get here, but with new friends like you, it's all worth it!
...of MRTI which is as you state, and the outcomes which seem targeted almost totally at one side in the conflict.
received my results from a few weeks back..74% African 21% European 4% Asian..interesting information
I don' wanna sleep.
I am thinking about starting a career as a con artist. Anyone wanna help me practice? Just send me money through paypal.
no I haven't gotten any time to email him :( been doing this and not sleeping much haha. I'll do it as soon as im sane again
Don't know who to root for; Rickie Fowler or Rory McIlroy! I'm thinking Rickie Fowler maybe
We now have our own Kol HaOt Facebook url: www.facebook.com/kolhaot. Become a fan!
STOP the presses Mat Kostrinsky admits he doesn't have a solution to a particular problem.
look so cute in your AVI boo !! I know you Havin a blast !!
Food baby.
Me too..
Learning about fields and entities in #drupal 7 from of
SOUPerBowlWeek fed 1343 homeless folks courtesy of Bouley, Original SoupMan, Southwest Ny, Forlini’s, Bubby's, Ferrara's and Lafayette Grill
Do you have anything
DO ANY Of My Followers have a OOvoo Im Bored
Thanks for following back! You should come in and try our Caldo de Res....DELICIOUS!
Great night of comics! Inspirational John Porcellino talk at & great BrainFrame performances by & !
No way should we trade him. MVP!!!
Wonderful Mike Wallace tribute!
Call it a curse Or just call me blessed.
lol. Are they? I didn't even notice. :/
After reading about the blog lawsuit over a twitter account ($340k!), I wanted to know my twitter worth. According to : $69
Thinking about starting early for Record Store Day. Easy Street opens at 9am. Who's with me?!
Dan Rather: We are still an experiment. We are the only country to strive to be multiracial, multireligious and multiethnic.
I love you more baby<3
Can you speak French?
please follow
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im a christian
We love the Beer Run!!
Rsvp with us tonight
lmfao i hate you. I'm gonna text you
"Jump Start Day" for Albuquerque schools. Call your specific school for details.
What can I say? Sometimes I lie.
Thanks for such a high compliment! RT : THE BEST TEAM EVER!!! A million thanks.
#MWC12 is the real deal. Enjoying myself and discussing #NFC all at the same time. Be sure to tweet me if in Barcelona for the show!
Taking a much needed break from studying...
Bob Evans rolls are legitimately the best things to forcefully enter my mouth.
Bar Specials All Night Wednesday - Saturday! $5 All Starters $5 Wines $4 Peroni!
We only know of them through the story, but rest assured there is no affiliation.
no laptop is working, but somehow my speakers are not working. :(
volunteering at the hospital
Sipping on some loose leaf coconut green tea ☺
For instance, Jeremy Lin yanks his head back every time he is touched. He's either extremely weak or getting sniped.
This freakin article Im readin has to be the most boring thing I've read in my life -____-... clearly why Im still tweetin.!
Unfortunately we aren't open yet but take a 1 min detour off of 29 on your way to Sneak peek on construction
#SignsAPersonCantCook it takes them an hour to make minute rice
better not forget me
Hello from a former AZ resident! We're looking for startups for free mentorship and billing--any suggestions?
For the safety of cyclists, please look both ways before hocking a loogie out your car window.
which one do you work at ?^.^<3
Big 10 offense is to Tuesday afternoon as SEC offense is to Friday night
i could see Romney tapping Nick Burns for State
Watching the Facebook chat go from 5 online to like 20 online as peple get home from school.. Ahaha.
omg k. goodnight #crazzzythoughtsbeforebed 🎠
thanks Carla for mention!
Off to a great start, keep it going all May! RT: ": sets new May fast lap: 222.203. #Indy500 #indycar2012”
You ought to hear the way retailers jump on me when I talk about egg cartons. They say, lay off of that stuff, will you? [1944]
ur a loser
i was in the post poop
Say somethin' baby don't be shy♥
Hi Jackie, thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!!
Jk home rawhide
Stimulating Winos
o ok cool and wre going to the movies?
FOLLOW ME ;)
Also, we should chat some time this week. Any time you're free in the evening is fine with me.
Come On RED VELVET PANCAKES.. Getting IMPATIENT w/
Whew! Paid my rent and bills this month...now I can focus again on my target goal...training + auditioning = bookings! Come on!!
sorry, I'm not one for joining the latest fads.
nice tumblr!!! =D
I agree with Zach Graves! Thanks for preparing me so much for the LA world :) miss you guys!
And S/o to my other lil bro
did you get your p90x from hightower? Lisa Kemp gave me hers.
I KNEW root vegetables were the source of your vim and vigor.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those honored today at the Nassau County Firefighters United Memorial Service
last tweet was for you...
Have you acted before where you are? What experience do you have in the acting business?
Chocolate cake and hash browns at 1am...I have a food problem.
Today I will find 1% good in someone and encourage them in that 100%! Join me in doing this today. Let me know how the person responded.
Senior Night tonight!!! Varsity lacrosse game @ 7:30 Milford Stadium, be there!
this guy.
No more snow and up to 50 today. Creeks and rivers are running high in PDX.
Back for good as in staying in Houston or just back for the summer?
That's basically what Ada did, though naps are sometimes less total and sometimes an hour or so more. Growth spurt sounds right
thanks for finding me.
I think we are good at the moment, but thanks for asking! We may need some help down the road, so keep in touch!
YAY! So glad you liked it! I'm pretty sure I stayed up late finishing it, too. Ha.
hahah! That's awkward though cause then you would be like one of the last to get into the theatre?
Refurbished iPad1s and iPad2s are available through Apple. I am keeping the iPad1 for sentimental reasons… :)
I'm already home. See you at CSF tonight!
she was so down to earth and accomodating - fun story to do,
I'm hoping to be in Milwaukee for the end of Summerfest (not certain yet), but, as such, probably would have to decline.
Doing your makeup in class...
The Weeknd - Montreal .. Perfect song yea \(^.^)/
It's too nice outside to teach class today. Ah well, at least I get to talk about Elizabeth I.
ok cool thank you
" follows you" oh yeahh *pimp walk while trying not to fangirl*
see also the Bay Bridge, replaced because of imminent danger of collapse in the next earthquake.
I am following the next twitter birds to follow me 5 minutes only!
I bought a piece of shit study guide from Note Hall. Thank god. Have to buy another.
I'm glad I'm catching the #Syria question. I was hoping to hear their responses.
Bill Nelson open to Rubio immigration plan
Anyone wanna text me tonight?
The prettiest smiles, have the darkest secrets. The prettiest eyes, have cried the most tears. The kindest heart, have felt the most pain.
I Need A Crewneck Like ASAP.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen You take your girlfriends mom shopping :)
its all about stupid plants...like I give a S***
Don't forget about our East Bay open call today from 3-7pm at Oakland Crossroads! We have full & part-time positions so remember your resume
noo but I heard bout it and I heard bout that nigga. he be spittin?
hell yea xD
Had an awesome time at Hoi with Jovy & Erv. Cravings for delicious sushi, good conversation, and tons of laughs have been satisfied ;-)
Apparently "take time off the clock" means don't run an offense or play defense. What a disappointing season.
I hope you reach 4,000 more followers! Give that signed Brady shirt away! I want it!!!
I can't believe that thought.
</3 Sasha Just Reminded Me Of How Much I Loved That Guy. #ThanksAMillion. :p
Heading to see in #Detroit! Hope plays "Girls in Their Summer Clothes" Love the song and it is close to summer!
Good night of NBA playoffs now time to get ready for avengers midnight showing hope its worth a year long wait
no way. you've never given a bad talk!
Thanks to #Delta for the cup of coffee while we wait for our plane. Like the service at #Detroit metro.
Retweet if you need some Island Frydays today!
I need a boob reduction like BAYTOE got a new nose. Aaron BarRaza got 4X4 signs, has more volunteers than I have, more ENDORSEments than ME.
Two sets of live music tonite at 8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :)
attending program on information literacy and visual literacy
This Sat., join OB Denver and Parks and Rec for a Platte River Clean up to celebrate Earth Day! outwardbounddenver.org for more info...
-_- why r u going to be traveling so much???
Ugh wasn't trying to be rude :-/ it just slipped out...
i don't understand what your tweet says but you have a fairly rad and punky profile pic. Just saying..
aww love that.
Just voted in the City County Bldg. Very smooth. Constant line of people moving quickly. Get out and be heard today or tomorrow
I would have preferred PSG, or someone less mid-table. But I'm just watching most games on the laptop anyway...
Repeat, RT all clear
The We Shared Milk is rad. You know you need to give away your rent money to 'em. I am.
haha ¡That's so funny:) thank u! ¿Y ''funny''? ¿Como es? ¡My gato esta loco con mi mamá! :-)
New bar in Adams M worth checking out. Sutra. Cool vibe. New. Good DJ
as his friend, i don't find that offensive. i don't know much about tumblr, but on facebook, a 'like' = more people see it.
Nothing will stop me from reaching my goal. No negativity. If you're going to be negative to me or around me, consider yourself ignored.
And I just held tight..
austin is so hot
oh god.
Its so AMAZING!! I love it!!!
yeah ew that's so germy & gross.
and time
He makes me smile....when all I wanna do is cry
Why did get fired? Seriously
Q2. I also read political blogs by pols who think they know something about our classrooms. They usually don't.
Stayn hone SOUND LIKE A PLAN
Well aren't you the social butterfly :) Sounds good.
I got 99 problems..
Snow now falling in the backyard!
okay you are awesome hope you get a thousands more tweets
Got Mass Effect 3!!! did you say something about rehearsals? Have no idea what you were talking about))
#justFAB we look forward to seeing you TikiDoll! (:
the Bisons articles will start flying in soon. I've been w/o Internet for last 2 weeks but gonna make roomies pay up soon.
Hopefully I make it through my 30's unscathed lol
This wind is bloody ridiculous!
Well, hello Austin! It sure is warm...and yes, I know I was just complaining about the cold in DC. Isn't there a happy medium somewhere??
me too. What time so the doors open? Have you ever been to one before?
"you gonna eat all that???" :p cheer up kiddo
Left ignores Obama willingness to use deadly force, killing thousands to serve U.S. interests. The Right ignores that he is excellent at it.
Basic bitches wear it so I don't even botha'
just boarded and doesn't look good for Bawlmer. Met Mr. Frank today.
Make more money before the end of this year with hair extensions! www.drwiggys.com
doing it in SF cus you're home for Christmas?
i always keep bella in my prayers
I'm awake and early to set. I suppose that's a good start to the week!
My 'Christmas Music' station on Pandora lasted 30 seconds before I got annoyed and turned it off
Come visit Local & Family History at Main on April 2nd at 1pm for the 1940 Census Lab and uncover information about your past!
It's only comes in waves and then goes away. Well it must be chemical.
#Bucks extend deadline for early season-ticket sign-up for next year. Now it's 4/30. It was 4/16.
i hope u dont think i forgot about what i said when i get up there uhm still taking u with me no matter what!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen being told BTWBALL's tickets are sold out when someone finally answers the booking no. you dial.
domestic violence part of this program..
#neworleans Final Five: (undefeated 50 Years)
Suicide is a tough, Today hundreds remember loved ones in the #OutoftheDarkness walk in Atlanta.
<3 The Black Keys
Well our old #DesperateHousewives set will be empty I guess soon. No one but you and the coyotes :_). Sad to say... fun set.
I did a lot of invitations n still have a lot left
Good morning all! What's todays big thing?
#13Days and i #Believe that you will be my #BOYFRIEND !!!
planet of the apes marathon
Clean Water rally TODAY at 9AM-11AM! Lawyers Mall- Annapolis. Bring an 8x10 photo of water.
Some one talk with me I can't sleep
Dave King Trucking Company was amazing. So glad I made the drive up to Now for some Kinkaviwo with LUPE!
who is sam
Perfect after 2 rounds.....
so happy you're down. Both of us
Homecoming kicks off noon at Library Mall!
Congrats Heisman nominee !
A study finds that men holding guns look 17% more muscular than men without guns. No wonder hookers love the Secret Service
A2 Host a poker game. might reveal a few things about each other.
23 more days left of school its really about that time to FOOL ON THESE WEAK HOES!
There is healing for all in JESUS' NAME!
Open today. Normal hours 8AM to 10PM.
-___- i'm not even the one who broke them, it was my sister. she always acts like shit's my fault like wtf
Wow! The new templates on eblogger look great. Check out www.thepurposepost.com to see.
Yay! is back this week and working with 's team! I don't know how he deals with Aubrey though
finally about to head back home.
Alright, the tweets using the #southernthing hash tag were good, but we can do better. Best tweet gets a free tee shirt. Ready, go!
Sticks and stones
RT if you ever feel like laughing while your parents are lecturing you :)
You are welcome. Sorry we are late to the party in replying to this. Have a good week!
I'm drunk... Fuck hahaha I love you bitch let's smoke this shit up already
Forever is free to register and you immediately get 15% discount on your orders!
uh oh. How'd it go?
I think they will just give it to Gore. And this game is making it so easy to start Vernon Davis and SF's D next week.
Let us know if there is anything we can do to support the Feb 28 & Feb 29 Drive #savinglives cc:
thanks I am glad you cashed on that 5-0 night,as I said I worked another 4 hrs on #Soccer and 3 hrs of sleep
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all
Taylor swift time... Also, why is my pinky asleep? Wake the heck up dude!!!
Hahaha Tebow your run is over
were the brownies hot so the ice cream was melty?
Blood Drain - April Rena Moore : AuthorHouse via get 1 today soft hard ebook &#kindle & #nook. etc #b&n many more hugs RTplz
GUHHH I dont have the paper stuff for all of that!
fri and sat
Donors Needed!":NYBC has issued emergency appeal for donors -2,000+ units lost from Irene. DONATE TODAY>>1.800.933.BLOOD"
It's the absolute best feeling fam. Nothing beats that...Nothing! Proud dads stand up!
Sunday's for taking a break from the rest of the week and having even more fun
I love the rain!
Here come Da Bulls!
salads better
eat a box
and checkin in for the FG.
listen children and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere!
just woke up from a dream where some band named "NBD" covered all our songs and made them jazzy.
Hi Roma, hope you're well.
amazing show last night at the Hard Rock! loved your new songs :)
90% of the tweets I see from there would be more correctly slugged "is my old jam." man I loved him around then.
RT : Action 7 News has discovered a new Twitter page that's taking on local politicians and members of the media....
such a great presentation about by and ! Thanks so much for coming!
would like to wish HAPPY BIRTHDAY to former student Michelle Harbin!!! Hope you are having a great one!!!
Even snow and ice couldn't stop the fun times tonight. killed it! Can't wait for round 2 tomorrow!
Conejo Valley Home Cyber Location, Location, Location: It 19s a Market Reality in
when we meeting up?
You're the best!
I've been taking Nixon there for years, they are the best.
"Not having a government worked great in Somalia, but somehow we botched it all up." - Peter joins the Tea Party
God is the truth. Everything else is a lie
Tonight. Balzac. 830ish. Be there to celebrate 's day of birth. Come one and all!!
Sorry we didn't see your shit sooner. ;) #divisionx tags all the way!
You are now being followed.
W. T. Ellis~ It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air.
yeah really. Not happy at all (though honestly not surprised).
What happens in July? RT #fsi2012 - Barry argues mobile #LMS apps aren't adequate for online tests. True, until Mid July ;-)
damn right!
We ditched the "Inc" -- way too 80s for this place. Follow, find and Tweet-us-up now simply
does Gatorade go bad?
": Ballgame. THE Los Angeles Clippers are moving on to the second round of the playoffs." ...congrats to ??? yea. Wow
i read what poppers are but what do they do other than give a head rush? why do people use? do the supposedly make you more horny?
Which is why I choose to call mine "bawse".
I just saw the picture about teethed!! 😳😁
added! listed! #giddyup!
nice gig, what a great opportunity! enjoy.
that's sound completely drastic and irrational...come on Jazz...
I have got two reasons for success and I'm standing on both of them. - Betty Grable
I had it removed check out my blog
chi non lavora non fa l'amore
I have a crush on zach morris again.
no! You will! It will be beautiful!
Enjoyed a great happy hour w/, so proud of everything she's doing w/
I am who I am. I have curly hair. I have a geeky mindset. I love my life and my job. If you can't deal with that then, that's unfortunate.
Yeah , I'm irritated -.-
'cause mrs.sato made me ! where are you? come get your seat, ricky is singing...
Read book over the weekend - just loved it! hope the tour is coming to the washington dc area!
Our Birthday wishes go out to one of our favorite Team Members....Juan Villavicencio! Happy Birthday Juan!!!
ugh... I forgot about that thing... #inboxHELLcloseathand ;o lol
Milwaukee Affiliate Monthly Meeting Monday, Apr 2 at 6:30pm at Medical College of Wisconsin
This is not the time to fret about the economy. Stay about your business and keep going after your visions & goals.
Who thinks needs to sneak off to the #Muse2012 cocktail hour this afternoon? The husband and kids won't even notice...
Hey can you shoot me your email address? Thanks!
haha good so many possibilities here
I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party man when I see one.
Happy New Year! 360 Twist is back and ready to take this year by storm.
Opponents hitting .391 against Wolf on the road. Brewers 1 and 2 hitters batting a combined .292 on road. Guess if we won.
Be on the look out for the shoot styled by the amazing
#np Crazy Girl - Eli Young Band ..my song to Paige
ONE-LINER: Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
permission accepted.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 10
How does catering compare on movie sets with backstage at tapings/PPVs?
Phoenix with that comeback goal I told you about....back to a two goal lead
Thanks! RT. Enter the code PARKEASTCOMEDY to get a discount for the L.O.L Comedy Show Sat, 2/18 *Limited Amount Only!*
Guess whose picture I saw on the bulletin board at the Ballard SBUX? Cc:
": Bitches, Rozay, patron.. #Tao" ugh, without me... Not Ok
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Men should be like Kleenex…soft, strong, disposable.” ~ Cher ~
I just ate a chipmunk
On behalf of percussionists worldwide, I demand a retraction. That's a gong/tamtam, not a bell.
Added more track lighting with some flood lights to the shop to brighten it up more.
Gone in 60 seconds is on
by chance was anyone cooking and eating lobster in there? only logical explanation I can come up with
Ah life is god :3
I know I'm your favorite person , have u seen ur Facebook!(: love you(:
Waiting for my kids to come back from school to turn sprinklers on. Need to hear their laughter often today!
Oh prime time, How I've missed you!
What's a good app for following on an android? I need more daily updates.
i am sorry
Happy dancing in Vancouver! Thanks for the RT.
It is 86 degrees out today. Yep, the world is coming to an end.
Boxing fans if you can't join us in #Vegas for the v Ortiz fight next week #FF 4 the best boxing analysis!
I'm on a mission, to find these mcdonald's coupons.....
Grateful for the miracles of modern medical technology. Boyfriend's dad's open-heart surgery a decided success! Yahoo!
Headed to work for a long meeting! I should wake up in an hr or two! Its early!
Also the green beans and collard greens were great as well.
2 free tix to WI Beer Lovers Fest AND Summerfest in Milwaukee? 1 set given out /day for anyone who follows & RTs this!
Ready for some Spring Football practice?
I hope Penn State feels bad about forcing JoePa to retire....
I should be at this Drake Concert 😒😔 but shii I was bullshittin bout those tickets... #smh I F'd up big on that one!!!
Sorry, I need a night off on a regular basis. We'll be back tomorrow night.
ARE YOU GOING TO CHURCH TOMORROW FOR ASH WEDNESDAY!?
Just met floyd mayweather! Really great guy! He donated 25,000 to st judes childrens ranch! Now go kick some major butt!
SPOTTED! Lady in front of us reading 50 Shades of Grey in church!
I use 2 b a use 2... But I neva got use 2
Meanwhile, the article itself is perpetuating the feel-good misinterpretation of what happened: "courageously gave their lives"
Knockout by Weezy and Nicki would be a masterpiece if it didn't have that stupid rock sound from Rebirth. What was he thinking.
Add some cheese and that's not a bad hot weather meal!
ooh you caught me. I secretly arrange photoshoots at Starbucks locations, it's a hobby of mine
I want to stay in bed for just a few more minutes with no repercussions like that whole being late thing. Just some goal setting!
I see in UR pic U love UR Cute doggie. Thank you for following me ♥
Lost the remote and don't feel like getting up so I'm stuck watching women's basketball.... Shoot me
I must drive security crazy. Hahah.
int. re: EdayCarry, a non-reactionary kind could be deemed eminently rational; but statistical unlikelihood dooms it
I would send you some of our boring sun if I could :)
thats too much work too!! Lol
Are you aspiring to be twitter #famous?
. So, I just finished the movie (Abduction) and I really enjoyed it. Great job! Can't wait to see u in more movies. Peace!
Eating shit up!
RT Via- all followed this Saturday Hello
#Smallville ended close to the way I wanted it too.
That's really good.I also wanted to say thank you all your hard work,especially with the global warming info. you provided yrs. ago.
free tomorrow?
Thanks for the follow..For the past 6 months, I've been wanting to do what you are planning to do!
#twowordstomyex DEAD YET?
im ready we need to get some shows popping & do it ourselves
Thanks for following us!
Wesley Korir wins Derby Festival miniMarathon for third consecutive year. Says rain cooled him off.
Always a good tip RT : Don't worry about platform, worry about how you can reach people you need to reach
unsurprising with a lifestyle of alignment that one would be successful!
Swinging Richards Dukes it Out
All this stop and go traffic in NY is not for me.
i wish i liked factory floor prior to today's pitchfork article on them.
Thinkn lots bout dad this Easter. I know he will be celebratn in Heaven. Tryn to live my life like dad lived his.
He is going to Duke
My dad broke my mom's nose while cheering at a Lobo game. It was their second date.
Did u know that Anthony Evans that was picked last week is a Christian singer? Christina picked him.
they look so good! #pleaseshare Added bonus, you didn't set off the smoke detector!
Just three and a half hours until kickoff!
Orange soda
Can't believe #dbf5 sold out in 1 minute. Oh well- I'll be in Ireland.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-11
I'm at the CASE conference. Topic: managing senior staff's media expectations
who has formspring.me?
Practice schedule check, game plan check...time to make the donuts
There was a lot of Fire and #Rihanna on the Grammy Awards last night. There were also too many Members Only jackets.
About to listen to Justice Sotomayor speak at
"give me my firebird keys!!!!"
No problem. I understand those long days.
"Good god girl we don't think you have the plaque!" Lol love your dad
eek..also you are lining up gigs for sept! damn you are organized!
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody."
nope. It's the new one coming out. Based on the horrible new movie.
glad it was useful to you
#FEDUP Similarly, BLOCKING #DebtCeiling (#MaxSpendingLimit) increase without first reducing spending below income will WRECK US credit.
people laugh at lebrons hair line, he laughs at their bank account hahahahah
oh my God, that is really horrible. I hope you'll be okay
Very little - fractions of a cent per play.
oh I def feel you on that!! :)
I agree but oh well haha I must say in all honesty your video was one f my faves
#FutureofPD is underway!
I just love Arizona rain!
IF YOU ARE A PROFESSIONAL HAIRSTYLIST YOU CAN SEND YOUR MAILING INFO. WHAT SALON YOU WORK AT& THE SALON NUMBER TO RECIEVE FREE PRODUCTS
No work tomorrow but I'm still gettin up early for LA Fitness!
- glad you got it taken care of :))
All this time we were waiting on each other. All this time I was waiting on you.
JACK BAUER KILLED OSAMA BIN LADEN funny Shirt
So sorry. Maybe look to share a room w/another participant? Use the blog to ask! (Too few fellowships, too many worthy people!)
Watching TV wrapped up in a Coca-Cola polar bear blanket my friends made me in highschool. They had the right idea ;)
#NP #JohnLegend once again/get lifted. #HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums.
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, (Colossians 3:23 NIV)
Anti-SLAPP Motion is great way to get frivolous lawsuit thrown out of court.
Online Rehab Clinic officially launches during: The annual, "International Week of Sobriety and Serenity" Jan. 5th thru 12th, 2011.
I'm fucking your favorite sister
Anti-nutrition includes burnt and over-cooked food, roasted seeds and nuts too. Acrylamide - find out about it before it gives you cancer.
Confused on how to jump start your credit repair process? e-mail for a free consultation
Hey if you won't mind could you wish and #pray for for me!! Thanks
BOYS:Be kind and gentle but not soft to the point that she controlls everything
Tried2not smoke2day,didn't work out,I don't know how I got through life without smoking be4,it just helps with stress,going2give it up 1day!
Latest version of Snagit 10 editor has become very slow and buggy - need a new screenshot app, looks like :-(
“: Complete Sale Process: Attract, Engage, Connect.”
Hey Tribe!, tomorrow is the show with Oh, Sleeper at the culture room! We would love your support <3 come out and hang :)
Yep, pretty much the same here. As soon as I can retire, it's a done deal.
I said I love u both lol. I just wont let nun happen either way!
addiction - EP-ology by Carl V. Phillips
Don't judge. RT : Because I know you've all been waiting. Water on the day: almost 400 oz. downed & 29 trips to the pisser...
#Wade is just too fine.
Even restaurants and bars, which economists said they believed would be most severely affected by snowy weather, had an increase of 0.9 %.
That moment when all you do is think about Austin 99.9% of the time, and he sees you as 'another fan'.
Congratulations on being so proud of your bigotry
I swear hell of peope go to Ray South High , welp. Ill be there next year (: #nervous lbs
what's your instagram name?
Woop woop RT : Where my LA followers at? It's a lot of y'all.....I know......
Thanks for the RT!
im doing my today too -___-
thanks! Happy Holidays!
#Isles #Flyers under way 3rd period
When you're in love, just spending time with that person is completely amazing.
I just talked to a complete stranger mom gne get me....lol
I loved seeing that in the paper today. Looks awesome.
Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
Dear Mom , you are my bestfriend , even though we have your differences , I can tell you anything . <3 I love you madre <3
awesome, thanks. and that music video I shut up for...? ;)
go Lorin!! Go hard son ;o)
says three axis: content access <> creation, content owned <> licensed, content born digital <> digitized.
My pleasure! Had a blast!
You may want a CR2032, they may have a CR2032, but they don't serve your kind. You're right about the movies. I'll ponder that.
Infrared data transmitionin at 10 gb a sec? Just you wait!
watching Hoarding: Buried Alive - aka SQUALOR
Helpful suggestion: double the staff behind the cost check.
If your a good Trumpet player holler at me!!!
Actorshelper.com hands on help 24/7 all agents have your back
should you let a third party handle your most valuable asset? product delivery? thoughts? did and it will undo them
Hey, I'm a 27 year old screenwriter looking for an agent. Do you want to rep me?
Haha..You already know
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
Danger, Will Robinson! Danger!
aww, miss u too Hitch! I heard ur not gonna be up here this summer to play summer league with us?
hey, what's your 'i hate people that chew food' disease called again?
They really need to label these shows better. Spent the past hour watching The Bachelor thinking it was the GOP debate.
Well my night was kinda ruined...
shht I'm not either
Photo booth in the lobby.....yes please. Now if only someone would donate one before we reopen in September.
so my sister has a massive chinese, a tub of ben & jerry's and then suddenly decides to go on mel b fitness in the space of 1 hour, yeah ok
Consignment shops(now Spring cleaning)offer different price levels.Check out the high end one,where you may also find accessories.
Love this!!!
Thank you so much for spreading the word about our friend Chris.
Think it's just wishful thinking...
BET i bet lol
The Grapes of Annoyance
Snow and cold make for even messier clean up in
Meh. Shut up, groundhog
i want snippets ..get at me
studio got me tired #workin hard
goodnight harry! See you on Friday!!!!
I feel the same way :( I really wanted to sleep in today; it's just not going to happen
I did :3
Science is so boring
You should come to San Diego! Less traffic!
LIES! Since when do you believe in IPA???
I love that movie
Don't forget Mothers Day!;-) Please no damn Baskets!!
My mom has been in the country for the past 3 months and she's leaving next week so we've planned a couple surprises for her tonight.
Lots of great people here today!
I am only down to 2 possible at this point. glad i am married 15 years:)
Bryce with bases loaded
I stopped into the gas station.. paid for the gas..Then after it was full I got in the car..Didn't take the pump out though b4 I drove off:/
cute thanks
magic is merely the act of thinking and doing
check again, our latest count says +104!
hi friend whatz up??
Enjoyed talking #Healthcare #Telcom and other topics with this morning at the
Cadyn & Jayli are convinced that the lead singer of, "Foster the People" is a girl! Then Cadyn asks,"Why do guys sing like girls?" My kids!
life is funner after 2 am
I can always tell when I'm inspired or really into something, I have to remind myself to stop to eat, to sleep etc.
Karaoke with DJ tonight! Shot of the night - The Tight Snatch. Only $2.50. Betcha wanna know what's in it, don't ya?
Persuade enough people that you are great, and you will in fact be great.
The weekend is almost here ! Don't forget to post this weekend's events and dinner specials on our facebook wall- website comming soon!
#4famouswords who loves orange soda
very bitter haha but 2-1 until an empty net goal in the last minute.
Serenity Urges Students to Remember a Desk for College
hey I still get two days to torture you!
Thanks for the follow, !!
The money is outside of your comfort zone!
O has same problem new baseball hitter has; second time around the league, pitchers have adjusted.
#mulesummit Paris talking about High Availability with Mule, looks easy, built-in clustering
The truck has an actual plug so i can charge my computer,
haha oh yes..some old dude has been giving me the stink eye ..guess I'm not in the karaoke loop
“ #IAlwaysWonderIf people know exactly what comes out of their mouths.”
when are you coming back to Boston mister
Roll up.
": My smile hides many feelings ranging from fear, to sadness and even pain. But my smile is much more...It's my strength"
please notice me!!! please 23
Congrats to IASPM / EMP organizers and presenters for one hell of a
same here, folks, although technically I am a "temporary extra person"
Laying here on my bed with Courtney, watching my sister clean my room. She thinks we're gonna pay her .
hey I m comeing there cuzzin
I want to have a challenge. Hnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. What should it be??
