Long time no see! *waves* Hope you're having a great week so far! :)
Ha, that's a crazy goal man, hope to see you on the cover of one day. What business(es) are you working on? And yeah hmu!
You make a ninja wanna fuck
I love seeing humble talented artist
Got it. Are you guys running together? I didn't have on my list until now.
I love your tweets ! How are you ? :) follow? :)xx
Haha I just love how you referred to them as bitches 😂
Lol shit. I saw you on some news story. That's wild. I figured they paid child actors a lot. Welp, shit. GL!
you don't have a phone do you
When you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone from your past. smh the power of music
Bookkeeping hell? You've taken a wrong turn! Gotta get on track to bookkeeping bliss. Let me know if I can help :-)
Glad to hear! Enjoy your day!
Going to Washington DC today...sucks i had to get up at 4:25
RT : I sense a revolution in the making.
Hi ! Will you be coming to San Diego for Wine & Roses this June? We'd love to see & others
Big city living means having to run and avoid traffic. Portland should not emulate Bridgeport Village.
who do u hang with
True, gov info systems don't "need to suck." Problem is, only those who can afford to wade through the RFP process can compete.
Thank you everybody for another great weekend! More good times coming your way this week!
but do you have mini pretzel dogs?
I recommend Downton Abbey.
Of course! Great articles!
will do!
Talking about housing subsidies outside my office in the Wilson Bldg.
enjoy it!
"I like your tattoos" translates directly to "I want your dick in my mouth" in girlspeak
Avoid using cliches if you want to keep your readers' attention.
Probably not, but reductionist theories have their uses
Heading to Taj Mahal tomorrow, but if the Cal beats Duke, I am going to be so sad I missed it!
Did I actually just scream because the #PepsiCommercial finally loaded? Wtf?
Why are bathtubs in Europe higher off the floor than the US?
Just now took a look. They are great and I definitely love them. Thanks for sharing!
The heart was made to be broken.
Glad you're here, Hope you're having a good time! Share a pic :)
The official all-inclusive app for the #herewepurple deals plus many more local businesses! It's FREE on ur smartphone! www.Qponomics.com
Sounds like a road trip The Coast With The Most: : The Ultimate Itinerary for a Road Trip from Seattle to Vancouver
Saw you on #BodyofProof yesterday. Great job!! Congrats!
Forever my home RT :
Headshots went well!! Can't wait til the finish product
Big ideas don't fit well in small minds!
Just keep it fun. Use plenty of visuals. Give them advice about taking photos and keeping a journal while on vacation.
i kno im in love weneva i think about her she make me smile
Mobb Deep is underrated, IMO. Infamous is top 10 all-time, Hell on Earth is great. And they had a few good songs on every album.
Thanks for the tip re - following him now!
are the Cougs gonna get a shout out on Sportscenter when we beat the Huskies today?
Chorizo for Sunday breakfast!
Blown Away is her new one, I love it! So Small, Just A Dream are more of my faves. They're beautiful :)
So, when does it get better?
Thanks! RT : #FF: , , for their incredible work tackling some of the world's toughtest issues.
We shut down ports, banks, govt buildings, bridges, streets, parks, etc... They still don't get the message. #escalate?
Brave Heart Surgeon
Good morning
bout to smoke like always
What would such a calculation illustrate?
Great day for some tennis with
Nice! French, US or other?
tickets are not in listing right now. I guess it will soon be onsale.. Will keep you updated..
and O'Tompkins
I'll take care of you ok
Better yet, write them down as GOALS! Then take Action T.N.T.
Yates needs to channel his inner Alex Smith..
It appears Tannehill is more qualified to catch passes, rather than throw them right now. Browns need playmakers, not a QB at 4.
was not! but it was funny.. but awkward, you said it right in front of him..
Putting the final touches on our weekend events and excited to meet the Semi-Finalists in person!
My cousin is amazing she took me to see the Jonas Brothers and Demi lovato live last September! She also took to their RD game that morning!
It's Canadian Thanksgiving!!
Aethan saw the same paint-face guy in the bathroom today. You both had the same idea about posting a pic.
Dont you hate.that awkward moment when.your phone falls on your face:P
If you're digging right now you should also check out Breathe Owl Breathe. Good stuff!
Just got home from church! :) What's up?
I'd care I'd Yhu did that!!! But yet I do t even have a phone!!!! Lots Of love and Support<3 x
Getting ready to learn mind mapping from a new membeship site called Learn One Thing A Day.
Liz? Please bring back that lovely picture of yourself.
u r to
If you have a signature on your phone <<<<<<<<< kill yourself 😲🔫
#peopleimthankfulfor all my followers, friends and family <3 u guys
robynbemment My drinks cart consists of the pub next door :) it's been one of those weeks
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
it's hot as fuck in my room
Label which one?
Last nite of the kids school TCAP test reviews + last of the tests 2moro morning = 3 happy kids 2moro afternoon. So proud of their work!!
Utterly unmotivated..
Dude ! That was awesome when shouted u out a while back! Miss ya lady! How's ?? Cheers and get to chi soon!
Hartnell left all alone on a breakaway, wrists it past Nabby's glove and it's 3-0
Tall boys of tecate & lasers! Sams town never ceases to amaze.
Followed by riot coverage on the sister station RT : Listen to the #Lakers throughout the playoffs locally on
Oh my gawd Finn proposed to Rachel #epic :)
I wanna be on a jump rope team!!!
I thought it was the 20th? Haha =p
I'd bet he could ref one tomorrow. You don't get that job without knowing the rules. I would say, however
I love you <3
*sits pretty cus idk how to be anything else*
thanks man! Ever been to Bremen in Riverwest? That's where we did a shot.
Oh, hey.
Jacob: "M. E. O. W." (spelling word) = his response to me telling him to stop meowing like Gary from Sponge Bob
good morning baby
good luck! I went 1D hunting when they were here in Jan. how many people are there? :)
NJ, NY & PA in 38 hrs, the 9/11 services seen, were beyond impacting. SPCA visit to give donations & help get 6 animals homes! :)
time to correct that then!
Hopefully I dont see nobody walking across tha screen
Therapy dogs today, 2-3:30pm, at Clapp &Music
I'd suggest Leonard Nimoy do an episode of "In Search Of" about #Brewers offense. But it's probably too old a reference.
is that the best they could come up with... the man looks like he's got something stuck so far up his butt.. it would take three or four su
am i the only one who doesnt mind doing notes in Blackwelders?.-.
lets go get this title baby!!!!
Billy V: April 26, 2012 (HawaiiNewsNow) - Billy fills us in on the latest entertainment news including what 's created a rift in Kanye We
I know, right? Picking up the phone that connects me to IKEA. Worst drawing to be ever!
This is the best feeling in the world. He makes me feel like anything is possible. Sounds kinda cliche but its the truth. ♥
yay(: I'm excited to start, I've been wanting to do both since forever!
no dating ill-confident nit wit meatheads tht want a trophy on their arm & only care for u if ur there to constantly stroke their ego.
I'm dodo hungry :(
Married MEN: How did you "know" when you found the WOMAN YOU WANTED TO MARRY?
Great group at IBPO conference at the space needle today - thank you for allowing me to speak to your group - glad to see so much interest
If you are in Downtown San Jose Ca. on Fridays for lunch. We will be at the San Pedro square market this summer starting in May!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! G
Another fun day for MAVC's youth rec league. A big thanks to our coaches and the Cosby & JRHS student helpers!
Volunteers make such a difference at ACS!
Let's start with the end
hahaha I might as well! This place is an igloo!!! Lol
Check out:Carol Daughter 's Black Vanilla Moisturizing Leave-in Conditioner
only the ones in the restroom.
Loved the commercial. Oh I mean chocolate milk commercial.
Interested in a write up on ? Send me a DM!
I absolutely agree...learned that the hard way!
What a fucking night!
What happened to the Framboise on tap ...I was dreaming of a Bloody Hoe:(
Walk away just walk away
Pumped up for my interveiw
I love that line
rock on dogg
#processmapping session is up next
The #HISD board has just heard several impassioned statements from the public on Rodriguez' flyer.
have a happy and safe weekend everyone
Heading to at Hollywood Women's Center
Had a blast with :) I never wont it to end ily bby
Playing Along: Digital Games, YouTube, and Virtual Performance by Kiri MIller F'10 now available from
Dreaming of the ocean.
Wait?! Is that the sun? Speak of the devil... I was just complaining about your absence!
I hate book promotion. even when I do it.
If you want good quotes full of swag go follow and
-- except that's kind of like a constitutional convention: I fear the result could be even worse than the current.
Anyone have a good experience trying to recover a corrupted mov. file?
finally getting my nails re-done tonight...they were starting to get yucky!
little harsh.... We were over capacity tonight just couldn't let anybody in until the place cleared out a little.
On my way to liberty bell, there have been no less than four musical acts performing on streets.
Just curious. plethora of first novels reviewed in July issue; is it that we like the novelty or is that what's on offer?
What you do about it depends on how you look at it, so choose your perspectives carefully.
: Absolutely. Yes. Nerding out over some serious Bowie atm!
Let's sessssh? ;) I think yes
ok. Good night.
Tragically, still governor of WI at age 44.
Who brings their guitar to the Pond in Central Park at 11pm to belt off-key renditions of Elanor Rigby and songs about bowels?
im still writing
#Romance tip of the week: Create your own desert island - by unplugging, unwinding, & finding each other again.
#Writers... No matter how many "Nos" you receive, remember, it's part of 'game.' The 'Key': persistence with your prose. #Winning - oxox
Seems like Acura took a step backwards with the AWD on the 2013 RDX, what were they thinking when they got rid of SH-AWD
We are excited to read your review on the Keemun!
That is so thoughtful. Enjoy every moment.
Ready to end this day. Felt like I was working on three things at once the whole day I was here. On the hunt for some pizza.
Teacher: "I'm calling your parents!" Age 10: Omg no! Please! Age 13: Whatever.. Age 15+: Tell them I said Hey!”
Sounds like a pretty sweet adventure. March Madness is the heavy favorite, but don't sleep on The Grey Cup. Total Cinderella.
Let the bullshit slide right off and just live free
Fellas big booty women like they ass rubbed!!!
yo, this is Q, I meet ya n guitar center a few weeks back, trying to seen if we can link up in the studio ASAP. Hit me
lol it wasn't my balloon literally. I bought it for my mommy.
I swear your like hank FM and 95.5 WFMS
2 daywriting session with a platininum writer hope to emerge with a future smash!!! follow my new company offical Venice crew twit
So do all Pens fans talk to each other before a game? What if everyone accidentally showed up wearing black?
Tonight at ! presents: Sleep Sun, White Hills, and Twin Brother! 9pm 21+ $10
Come on celtic will be the offical
Congrats on beautifully written story on Lin. One of the better things out there so far.
Time to stop wishing and go get it
Feeling lonely today
The Freedom Riders knew their risks on buses yet continued without haste--can't say I could to the same in their place.
Yeap, I do get those thoughts believe it or not I just don't necessarily say them because I realize what an idiot I look like
Hoping my boy does work today against Mexico. Sorry cant make it!
hello missy! You're about to open up the show tonight miss Rock Star!:)
Rest In Peace Mr Fam, you will be missed #foreverinourhearts <3
Off to Boston and My third uber city!
we're open for the next few hours for last minute wines and spirit purchases for the Purim Holiday ...
It's funny how grumpy the majority of people that I have come across seem that work at web hosting companies.
no prob!! and i saw some of the imagines u did!! love em!!
I thought I heard some dramatic entrance music!
Lmao I had to put that
girl over here in deep thoughts... Wyd
But congrats to "future first person to file a retraining order against me" Tyson Chandler LOL
So thankful for the people who say, "I'll be praying for u" and actually pray for me.
yeah, my house - but our supply is limited to half a pint of tequila right now (and some white wine)
did you get So Long downloaded or do you need us to send you a link for a free download?
I love me some - if you ain't following them, u suck!
yup real wierd. Well take your momma
he deserves about six cards. Shambolic refereeing.
“: Is it illegal in california to ride a bicycle without a helmet?” I'm pretty sure it is for minors.Adults not required to do so
I want more pictures from Austin Mahone without braces!! ♥
If i drown tonight bring me bak to life.breath ur breathe in me, the only thing that i still believe in is you.if you only knew.
check out to help continue your good work!
Positive positive positive we can handle this no big deal
If anything the good folks of Boston must be glad I've not gone back. Still too terrified and feel betrayed. A good life lesson.
haha omg, I used to like them.. Past tense
I just am
Interesting Fact: #1 Search term on my blog is the blog's name. #2 Search term is "Naked Bimbos"
You could see TWELFTH NIGHT on the actual 12th night of May on Saturday. Or heck, go crazy, see it on the afternoon of the 13th!
SydneyMorningHerald - my thought RT : Understanding Im getting older when I had to actually google "smh" to find out what it means
ALL BRADOCK BITCHES IS DIRTY AND BUSTED #804 HOES
#spiderupdate Ive abolished that batch of nasties, but I think they have more in hiding...
getting so much better on writing. its really coming together im pretty excited :)
Looks like a hoarder moved into my place....HOLY I need to clean!
my pops got my shit, ill hit u up when he get home
Going on Spring Break?? Don't shave...wax!
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect
If you are looking for headshots/commercial phtoography, check out
yuck i know -_- school should be outlawed lol
Resigned with #DonBuchwald for three years! Love them!
Do you remember what he did to Cleveland? I will always hate him.
Looking for New Breaks to play soon ..... Not so into anything im finding i want Breaks actual f*ing Breaks
when someone gets mad at you for doing something but they do the exact same thing...
ok i will ima eat some cereal. lets use lots of emoticons
Hi Mark, how are you doing? Hope your having a great week so far. Your awesome!!
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support
How to Use a Business Blog For Informational Marketing: Many business owners have heard that a business blog is an
The universe works in mysterious ways...shift focus and everything falls into place!
do you guys not fuck with curren$y... man is playing a major roll in hiphop right now
Michael Westen or Fiona. I would be more than ecstatic with either.
RT : Headed to Walmart? Purchase Good 4 Texas paper towels & portion of proceeds will go to to help end child hunger in N. Texas!
HA! we must recognize that. Petowners are parents too! :)
Uh-huh. So good! So glad was able to hang out the extra night to see them too :)
"Year of Digital University" = "Year of Open Content"?
We got 2 Fresno!!
“: Woot to the money!!!” that's what I'm talkin about!!
no prep is better, get ya education n shit. college is pretty much paid for
Ugh, the perils of a sparkly life. RT : So many fun nail polishes out there. So little time.
Excited to check out tonight! First, a bit of dinner
COLTON :( i love you. you are going to go so far. god has a plan for you and it's going to be an amazing one! <3
Same Mistakes by One Direction is my life.
There are two others in BESIDES him. Why does everyone ignore that? RT great time for to bow out with dignity
Listen people, I'm tired, don't feel like working, and slightly on edge.... Needless to say, I AIN'T FOR NO SHIGITTY
you were dope as hell***
In this economy, many employers are looking for work ethic, passion and energy... new grads do fit in!
I would love to have coffee. Give me a call! 230-0480.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
finally caught up on the the results of the #TheVoice congrats to the best team
Congrats to the UK softball team with their defeat of Georgia tonight. Hopefully the Bat Cats can get the same result.
In S.F. Promoting "SNO" Clothing.
#cosign. RT : #Endorsed"
Damn you, Brian, and your easy access to delicious vegetarian treats on your way to work!
European shares see strong gains in early trading as German #economy returns to growth.
is looking 2 add some Testimonials 2 our website. Please post 2 our FB wall or tweet 4 an chance 2 be on our site.
Have fun at prom CG!
You'll like music of my last tweet...;)
that's the art. One year D. One year O. The QB brings the quality at O in Year D. Depth built at D. Science.
My Boo Trying To Protect Me <3
saw them some time ago with my oldest son. Good times. #Enjoy!
Hit me like a ton of bricks that it was pitch black out during drive home at 730 tonight. Curses, fall, for sneaking up on me like that!
thanks tall grass. That's a great suggestion very much appreciated.
BOUT TO HEAD TO ANOTHER CLUB!!! SHIT DON'T STOP IN VEGAS!!! CLUB OPEN AT 3AM ABD CLOSE AT 12PM
But now when we're face to face you won't look me in the eye. No time, no friendship, no love
I'm all out of breath. My walls are closing in. Days go by. Give me a sign..
YES. although I think the phrase you're looking for is "activist dickface."
My book is running out of batteries.
But, soft! what duck through yonder window breaks?
it was a blast man...sweet sweet hanging with too
#Cxo Q5: Eliminate departmental/functional data systems. If you have a central, customer-centric data structure, the rest is easy.
Learned tonight that one of my managers likes to call me the "fucking stupid bitch" in semi-private (meaning away from me but before others)
Good morning San Diego!!
Bought a sweet ass tie today. Stafford to be exact
I can't wait to go visit Summer this weekend with !!!
*Urgent* UI Programmer - South of england to work on an exciting new Games title, for more info contact .uk
Devin the Dude in Cleveland on WTR: via
Thanks for enjoying Querry!
I hate it when idiotic publishers create imaginary, unnecessary fiefdoms in electronic distribution systems.
FIND A COMPUTER
Congrats, !! So exciting :)
When is it?
Here's another great fill in the blank. Social Media is _____.
It was post-modern ska.
Seems they're doing some sort of renovations to the stairs to Newcomb Basement. Lame. Use the elevator or back stairway for the time being.
Soca+ running = endurance project
What was that? An exhibition? You need emotional content...
the only reason I don't unfollow you is so I can call you an idiot every once in a while. Idiot.
Happy Opening Day!!
"This is a story of Boy Meets Girl. But I should tell you right now... This is not a love story." ~(500) Days of Summer. love this movie <3
Oh. I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
I wish a girl would cook me breakfast... I can't get that
I have on too many clothes... the less the better.
Awe I'll miss you too! I would have come to Avon to say bye, but there's really not a whole lot of people to say bye to.
I try! Seriously love how close we've gotten this semester!!
too soon!
It's amazing how having a election opponent can cause a legislator to "have a change of heart" on a issue isn't it?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help!!?
while ur there,pick me up some items-I'll give you the list;-)
good luck tonight my dude you know imma be watching!! #Nuggets!!
For my Linkedin friends please post your page links as comments to this post
everyone turn their tubes to abc channel 6 ()! my big brudder is the news producer!
Getting a lot of RT's and Fav's from that one tweet...Harry Styles better see it.
yeahh I'm online now ;) x
don't forget to tune in tonight @ 9pm EST/PT as Nick News with Linda Ellerbee presents "Foster Care: A Reality Check"
Chiddy's beats >>>
: No worries, it's never too late to talk! Just let me know when's a good time to call.
I could have bought 12 Tardis items on Etsy for the amount of money I just put down on my daughter's birthday party. She better be worth it.
Gurl called me mean sorry I want someone to die cuz they killed someone
what they don't want to or can't take the time to d.
For the record, I'm glad I'm not the only one of my friends to see the hunger games twice this weekend. cc
Im going cum get me “ Ard we out RT : “ I should've just took that trip to IUP! Smh....” we up there lol”
God already said you can... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Your heart tells you who you were born to be... STEP OFF THE BOAT... Continued next tweet
I think Friedman saw that NBC's "Outsourced" was canceled and just got confused.
she's got my mcdreamy. And my mcdog. She's got my mclife.
I wanna be forever young
Sick or not sick, my favorite game.
Fail 1st time coz of wrong case. Fail 2nd time bc I start to doubt my answers & try smthng else. Fail 3rd bc I'm freaking out
First time in years,he DSL is down @ home, time to start
Hooray #ABQ! It's the weekend! What's on your agenda for this weekend?
I can feel the filling in my tooth!! 😳 😣
jawan brim big as a bitch lol
you're not a stillers fan too are you?? "Here we go...." so creative.
Lobos down by two. What's up with the free throws?
i'm sorry. i hope you wake up and have an AMAZING day.
Esprit Park owners enjoy 2 lushly landscaped private courtyards w/seating + large patios, decks or terraces on over 80% of the residences.
“ “ sex wit me a wonderful feelin At least at the end of the day u no im spittin some real shit!
follow before she commits!25
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly. ~Publius Terentius Afer
"It's is Niall from One Direction please don't scream." Well that wouldn't be a problem considering I'd be busy convulsing on the floor.
school sucks!
follow my good friend. Be sure and look at my newest designs for his new song. - kevin
I think my filter is broken. I put my foot in my mouth way more than I like!
Blue Men Group was electrifying n exciting, creative n funny, and of course BLUE.
Filling out my application to be on 's e-board for next year!
RT : Never fails to amaze me just how much money the raises for charity each and every week. They do a fantastic job.
I hate how I like you so much. And the fact that you're moving away? Ugh.
thank you for the kind words. Use #ETC11 on your conference tweets :-)
Agree. Still like Chicano. But by birth soy Mexicano. I also like to list Travieso on forms
no. Ask my friends. I can quote most of the film!
F-L-Y-E-R -S sorry thats the Eagles song you know what I mean RT : Go Flyers!
ong, these boys (;
now tweet stuff about yo life noone wants to go on a profile and only see mentions!!
#OomfNeedsTo come give me a kiss!
Good morning from #Afghanistan. Listening to Das Efx. Is "Looseys" the best song about diarrhea ever? I think so.
I seriously need a new wardrobe!
Been gone for a min, but I'm back like I never left
cuz reforming health care was not for black people? Or saving auto was just for whites? Silliness
You should FOLLOW ME because im filipina and i love you(: and i dont live in the philippines. Yeah those are my reasons(x
Peggy, you don't announce that you're shacking up to your Mom like you got that ring!
Yes, I have your cape!
More & more people responding negatively to the "hype", increasing complacency 'cos it can't be as bad as TWC says it will be.
It ain't cheating if he's only eating right?
#WhyDoIAlways stay up late cuz i regret it in the morning..
haha good luck!
I dnt ever want to speak to ever again!!!!!
you tell me - I don't know where to begin
Whenever pit sweat goes through my shirt, an angel loses it's wings and plummets to earth
At Chicago AHA Digging Into Data session, Tim Hitchcock on Massive Old Bailey Proceedings, very impressive new historical findings
let's call them mid-life opportunities instead.
thank you, thank you! hope to see you tonight! :)
naw brother all these tissues I'm crushing and this medicine say I'm #undertheweather <-- better Christian answer lol!
The support from my family and friends means so much to me :)
Braves win. What a game
Sometimes I never fail to be amazed..
I woke up this morning to 100 unread texts... all from the same person
Sweet! Just had the boys from NASCAR stop by the booth.
Looking forward to leading #InDesign training with my friends Plus lunch from Lost Dog Cafe! Sweet.
Finally - a little cell reception - it's been a couple days without!
new year same goals!!!!
question: does Voss keep evaluating his flip condition past 2 flips?
My son made his confirmation today, followed by trail run and a smoked chicken dinner with my in laws. 2003 DiStefano Syrah was outstanding.
Probably guilty but that's still funny!: The only thing Amanda Knox is guilty of is being a stone cold fox.
See the updates for Squinchpix on Facebook.
well its about a girl trying to figure out who killed justin bieber
Get GLAM (galleries, libraries, archives, museums).
but [it's] the tough-nosed stuff that guys have to go through in order to grit and grind the game out." -K Mart
Enjoying the #lmamkt webinar thanks for the helpful hints!
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your genes.
Yeah that just happened. Chatted with Mario Lopez!!
Why are u laughing? -_-
RT : Grantee Spotlight: TN Department of Health provides breast screening and treatment with the BeST for TN Women......
truth terrible defense and scoop and kris disappearing in the spotlight
Disrespect blacc Jesus
Girl drop it like the NASDAQ
I'd pay off my school loans!
Now I think I'll have me a coffee.. With 6 sugars
#Cloud #BI Crystal Reports alumni. Fixing dinosaur BI & eliminate a lot of pro serv required. Old BI 20% adoption rate.
Movie recommendation is Joshua Jackson in "Urban Legends"
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 5-7 $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Start the weekend off Rockin'
What is it with me???? Seriously?!
the cereal companies make it very tempting and they bombard kids w/ ads. Is not cool.
pierce the veil!!?
women are attracted to bad boys because they have traits they lack, and think those traits will be valuable for survival.
At least that seems the case with the multimedia group work we've published in TheJUMP.
lol so true, so true. I must see u this week.
nnaaah, no one cares. it would've started before. it's nbd~
where are we going tonight ? NANDOS OF COURSE ! Yeah it's me . Acting like someone .
k poof where have you been hiding let's chillax this summer
its so hard to #staystrong but I see a bunch if other people do it, now ik I can <3333 Thank You!
Ending the night watching Vincent Price in Fall Of The House Of Usher.
LS 1426 is on the highway headed to Houston for the model competition. Marco is driving...lol see you in the morning. On the rd again
Join us for wine, cocktails, pastas & desserts ! We have great wine flights & social hour 5-7p w/ $5 glasses! 2556 15th St | 80211
Im waiting for RE : Code Veronica X on Xbox Live to go on sale first. Its the only RE game I haven't played in a long time.
Not sure if I mentioned it before but we are now a Hunter Douglas authorized dealer!
Don't buy anything!
in Chicago? We need to hang sometime. I'm going on tour through Milwaukee/Chicago at the end of the month.
I find it difficult to dress for this warm winter weather.
still gearing up for east coast trip this week: Mar 22-24, DC; 25-28, Charlottesville. maybe i can congratulate in person?
Greg! Yeah, I'd love some help. Want to visit some embassies with me and do some marketing? Other #GeorgetownCCT people welcomed!
thank baby moses. me and code are... not friends. at all. And davis sq was great, minus the snow and humidity! ;)
Rise and shine!
but we need you to be more than #justacomic #ows please
Canes would sure be nice right about now
Going to bed at 10:30 it is now 9:53. I am now logging off of my laptop now tho', had a GREAT day today remembering 437 &1,003
secrets secrets are no fun, secrets secrets hurt someone
post pics of either daily specials or maps of locations! Highlight a truck w/ recipe each day. Such potential!
New wine list begins this weekend!
your fish tacos are the best!
Faith is not just believing... It's boldly trusting God without reservation.
Hope you've been doing well these last few very busy months. Happy New Year!
O he say she ain't got no nipplllleeesss
My nickname in high school was "Disco." They said it with derision. Donna made me proud of it.
Having Thai to go ! Best food on Fremont East! #getdowntownlv!
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
#PrayforSamuel awe hope he getss better!!!!
Thank you students for such a moving presentation today. An experience I will never forget.
Appreciate the RT!
Amen. RT : .: we can choose to inspire, play, listen, innovate, discover--or we can protect, litigate, and die.
i dont like cm punk i vote daniel bryan
Almost a little more awesome
made me want some cake. Soo i got some cake!
which one?
It would be nice if the #RedSox would care about winning as much as their fans care about them.
Good Morning. :o Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Shoulda looked up the word b4 that last tweet. Fudge
officially just followed back all my followers! #teamfollowback!
just realized I don't like you follow me! and i thought we were friends LOL!
and if she ever gets a nose job, I will feel personally betrayed. Madonna kept her gap, just sayin'.
the spirit of sade will glide me on my way
We're of the same persuasion. RT "Theatre without beer is just a museum." We feel the same way, Mr. Brecht.
dude, you're still lol omg. So confused.
Have you travelled to Dubai or AbuDabi with your service animal recently? What was your experience?Was access granted to all public places?
Been miserable off and on for a while. Just give it two more months, wait it out
Limmen in Clearwater! Too cold for watersports!
When people try and take my stuff.<<<<
Hey you two
well, now you know! ;-) Always good to "meat" a scrapple lover! Now, go eat some scrapple!
Endless amounts of love and respect for , her art, and her mom.
Andrew Quarless has an obvious broken leg, James Starks was carted off the field... But #12-0 feels amazing right now, bring on the Raiders.
It's always the ones you least expect. He must've learned that from Billy G, who was known for mingling with students
I would never let you go <3
My knees are aching :/
Seriously. Slap the shit out of me. Who am I lol
Congratulations and well-deserved. :D
Tag your it.
shit as long as you ain't in my presence
pretty good! We could always add a "Señora" or something to class it up. What are her other traits?
"does DUI mean driving under the influence?" "oh my gosh I had no idea!" #forreal??
He's hot!
David Simon: I just don't want to be embarrassed by the people I write about if I get their story wrong.
not to be confused with the " 'Pro / Life' / Ick" tote bag.
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Finally the time this league is exciting. I move for a 54 game season every year. 66 was a lil too much. Go C's Go Lakers. Classic shit
I haven't been on in FOREVER. hay guys. <3
will you be today for #WellnessWednesdays? It sure is a hot day and your pops would be a perfect treat!
how did the presentation go? (Women in building ?)
Best day ever... ;) I normally think "tomorrow will be better" but I don´t think It could be possible ;)
I am a complex man, filled with complex things. Like a central nervous system.
Tickets for what!!!
I hate when people text me first then put no effort into the conversation. Why did you text me then? ._.
Sone people need to mind their own fucking business.
and in St Louis in October: Friday, October 2nd at Lemmons 5800 Gravois
aww thank you :))
yes... we are fine. the deer managed to hit another car as well... so we kind of mowed right over it, only $1700 in damage. ha!
I just wanna tell you that I've always loved you.
Shaft gets pretty sensitive today if you remind him that he's one bad mother. I blame it on his penis.
Your pictures are amazing! RT : What a haute event!
Has to do it for his country first ... RT : Rudi Voller: Messi is now in the same league as Pele and Maradona - RT if agree!!!
yep! For sure.
I think Eventbrite does RT : Nice!! Could even prompt for a tweet @ checkout >> RT : ...
It's a long way away, but feel free to swing by!
#WFUD12 More leeway with facts. I'm going to take a shot the first time someone says "hot news."
i like how i can go from trance to hip hop, from rock to jazz, from MUSIC to MUSIC. <3
I got the nicest card in the mail today.
BTW, you should totally use your thought on BB as subtext for someone's view on relationship/marriage.
I freaking LOVE Cabana!!
You are wonderful, You Realize That only with a smile make me happy? But... I love you anyway...<3
Stay positive, peace and love errybody!
Many remember Seau as kind, giving, funny man
Rates are one factor impacting the real estate market but consumer confidence and home values remain the albatross.
And now...to numb my mind with research into Obamacare. Step it up, Ben.
Great presentation for educators at MSET 2011 by ! Rapt audience, hungry for an SI Commons! "He's everywhere you want to be..."
The sun was short-lived. It's black and raining out there again. With thunder this time.
I give. I don't get it. Everything that could possibly go wrong...has.
could you please follow me.
After seeing Don fix sink on , I made deal w/my plumber 2 assist him. O yeah, going 2b peeling shirt & diving under sinks in no time
When things backfire on you Hahaha #suckstobeyou ☺
Why is a midnight flight from vegas to ATL packed! I better not have a full row
Just made Saturdays poster and liked it on the first try! Hopefully we can keep it like that. =D
Up bright and early to get a head start on yard work! Supposed to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW
I'm trying to think of a practical application for this superpower(?) much like Edward Scissorhands cut shrubs. Smart man.
Headed to #CLA2012 Are you on your way as well?
Does anyone know what I mean when I say that I like "Tusk" more than "Rumours?" Anyone agree? Yeah, I'm three decades late to this party.
yes it's the best ahaha :)
Our partner, Menominee Tribal Enterprises, supplied maple for the #NCAA Final 4 court! Check out their story on CBS Sports April 1, 9pm EST.
i hate telemarketers
Had a great weekend brainstorming for the sitcom pilot I wrote!
The MKE Common Council has made a terrible mistake banning food trucks from Cathedral Square
okayy! Well we might just come by & surprise you sometime :)
You probably shouldn't do squats & lunges the night before you go skiing.
Good morning, cardio time!
♀When You Think That You Can Not Go Any Further, Look Behind You To See How Far You've Come♀
thank you! It's one of my favorites
S/O and happy 64th Charter Day to the Ice Cold Brothers of the Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.!! 06!
im now on
Sometimes ya shit just ain't good enough.
Some family fun, grading, working on "Rebel Bulldog", waiting on NYU, and maybe a speaking gig. Such is a professorial spring break.
What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. ❤
Significant assets and resources are to protect oil and people are paying the ultimate price
>>> #Turf skateboards & hoops okay... and is a Genuine friend I know #Alonzo personally. #TeamTurf #FriscoStandUp !
Worlds worst headache.
Terrible. I got to go to the crazy bin for a bit,my hold on life wasn't/isn't strong. As they say, it's not you, it's me!
Gettin ready to head off to the game tonight #Purps~N~Gold
So happy the new Fields record features lots of synths again.
@ P.J. Morton is the most!
perfect, thats about the time i get out too :)
thank for following me ts michelle austin
might not can wait. DM a contact, please
Which famous comedian did Cary Hoffman discover?
thanks for the follow Josh!
Did Hana die or not? im confused. hope she didnt <3
So the whole office is going in on the lottery. Hoping comes through for us! cc
I have to make a 5min presentation on the archival promo video I did....for a competition I highly doubt I'll win. They hate me.
My mind was born in the gutter.
our website has a player www.sheridanroad.net
Happy wanted wednesday!!
I hate my job.
Miss being with all my friends at #sandbox - thanks to all for the tweets, and for the forthcoming video!
TODAY.. Is #NationalCrushDay ..... Soo You're On My Mind!^.-
hoped you liked Briley and the reason b/h it. My friend is due any sec now too... waiting is a killer! best of luck to u both!
Please support Diversepopgroup and all the Indie artist on WROM Radio! it's awesome!
is your phone working
Oh-oh. My coat is stuck in the dirty laundry!
it was rough. at least what i can recall of it.
Relax. What about you?
So nice to meet today! Some might say I'm (ed) with them. Yay puns!
Music makes the world go round!
you caved to the reunion!?!?!? LOL :)
You cant let people negative energy destroy your morning.....IM HAPPY TODAY!!!! I HAVE A LOT THAT NEEDS TO BE ACCOMPLISHED!!
A True Friend is Willing to Sacrifice, A True Friend is loyal defense before others, A True Friend Encourages, A True Friend Perseveres
Do you know someone who SNORES? Hieber’s compounds a spray that can help – call us 412-681-6400
how you been? hope all is well. x:) cheers
happy 16th birthday! have fun :) follow me back?
Sexy Dr.Susan Block talking about sex & anything kinky on my show Wednesday May 4th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Hope everything is going well.
cool hey if u are ever in arizona let me know
via - New iPad Tastes About The Same, Nation's Toddlers Report
nuthin'! He found it on the ground, said he couldn't keep it, I should have it. Then we made out. All true except the making out.
tryna make it so me n my peeps can eat
Happy Mothers Day Melissa! Hope you have an amazing day with your family & I hope Tye does something really nice for u! :))
I know...sorry...I have sent a corrected tweet. I meant 2 say That Is so wrong. Apologizes :-)
My PhD SO is on the job market in the humanities right now so I'm thinking about these things a lot! Glad to find your org
I do not reply to DMs or fb messages that consist of: smiley faces, <3's, or anything saying you wanna get to know me.
You mean to tell me everything gon be fine If I call your hotline and pay 29.99 shit. Well damn, why aint you say so
I miss you too Alex! A bunch.
Thanks for the shout out about #Heroes with a Heart!
get excited :) here forgot to say... Wanna play Antrim 6s? Me you lyds Nessa etc?
Alcohol responsible for nearly 4 percent deaths worldwide, more than AIDS, violence, tuberculosis, World Health Organization WHO
I remember Luke having hoes gettin naked and poppin that pussy
maybe you could wear a hockey mask to deflect them :) not to mention how badass you would look.
NO! 22?! I thought he just went to prom!? Huh? Wow, I'm getting old.
8p Sheba Piano Lounge TONIGHT jazz vocalist Shelley MacKay, drummer Roberta Drake, singer-pianist Tom Shaw & the finest Ethiopian food in SF
If someone said 3 years from now you'd be long gone, I'd stand up and punch them out...
it's playing on the Y100 radio station website
Hey how did the bronx zoo animals get to McDonalds? lmfaooo so funny
Merry Christmas everyone!
missin you too! we needa hang soon :)
Thanks for letting be a part of your Mother's Day!
Bacon taco cupcake
I love relaxing Sundays with Yankees baseball on my TV! So happy baseball season is back! :)
So wish I was there!
#ObamaBedtimeStories - We Ain't Got Jack or a Beanstalk
I never ship people with Harry.
yay, i so happy for you doll(:
At least you got us. RT : Gonna be a long May Day, if the first four hours are any indication! A very busy, protesty day.
I'm trying not to pitch a tent
The Faculty is trending. Love that flick. Been awhile since I've seen it.
Rearranging my iGoogle homepage. I love iGoogle!
First and last Nats game of the season!
I love that movie ! So good
After two days of going w/o, finally got a new phone. Loosing all your contacts is pretty devastating though.
Why am I still up..... It's hard to put greatness to rest
God morning! My kingdom for 4 more hours sleep! No can do. Time to hit it. Have a fantastic day, everyone!
Thinking about buying a new computer, I do allot of multi-tasking.
RT "when you say nothing, you are saying something" - classic line in crisis comm.
will you be stopping by with the check today?
lol you already know!
good morning
I would totally buy a similar owl travel mug if only they made them in grown-up sizes ;)
ah Portlandia is streaming on netflix omgomg
I can't! I'm sorry! It'll be almost 1am here by the time you do it!
Enjoy deals at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I ask because I don't know. :]
Burning your own couch... Dumb but whatever. Destroying someone else's car... Idiotic. Taze em, pepper spray em, and take em to jail.
heads up stalkers my next stop is a bar
No one xo
it's true!
Something tells me is creeping (;
Don't take a good woman for granted. Someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't. ♥
The last time that a quarterback was not selected in the 1st round of the NFL Draft was 1996.
👲 vs 👑 Linsanity vs king James Tonight
Your chance to grab $99 ALL-INCLUSIVE tickets or to save $10 on VIP/Velvet Rope is almost gone, get 'em now w/ promo code "BigNightRocks".
No regrets in life, everything thats ever happened made me who i am.
No I miss u...u couldve spent the night with me and khi ;(
valid point bert
Just touchdown in NC will be back in Cols tommorrow morning... round 1 of the business meeting went great
That sucks!
I look forward to following you.
Have a blast for all of us!
First was Drupal, then WordPress, and now Joomla... For my own sake, I hope this web host is trilingual.
PAUL WILLIAMS STILL ALIVE reveals our human capacity for creativity & self-betterment, shows the manipulating hand of a documentarian.
I wanna go. He so cute!!! RT : i need to get back to atl check on my lil brother
They should make a website about the things Asian parents say. Just showed Dad that I got 2 A's and a B and all he said was, "you did fine"
semi annoyed my rained out #Phillies game got postponed til Sept 20 at 1pm... umm I have something called a job i have to go to every tues..
We now have a new Pinterest Board, titled WTF. It's a board of awesomeness.
Yoga class starts today! I need it in so many ways!
I know, right? It immediately put me in a transe of manatee goodness.
I won't stop tweeting until I reach limit. I need you to help me with a small favor.
iron supplements make u constipated! I take iron thru my dialysis once a week
The last thing I needed was an hour less of sleep.
lol ewww dop people talk all snotty or high n mighty? Lol
- Hate the noise when people txt in my ear when we on da phone lol its annoying Af'
party this sat at my apartment lemme know if you can make it thanks ps its for my bday so we will be getting hammered all day!
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder of the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S. is dealing with t
Once again i wanna say i appreciate you for lettin me come to Chrome And Do what i do. #Much Love Fam
Awesome #itexpo Miami. Congrats to the guy who won the car. A shout out to for a wonderful presentation.
Good morning sports fans! is stirring it up on until noon with the Fins, Marlins & NBA playoffs. Let's Go!
The night heralds the dawn. Let us look expectantly to a new day, new joys, new possibilities, in Christ's name we pray. Amen (NZBP)
Stuck in accident traffic for 45min and there was no gore, twisted metal, or fire to reward me. If I'm gonna wait, I want carnage, dammit!
ha! cocoa! not muffins... apparently i'm forgetting my words also!
RT : As we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same~Marianne Williamson
You had me at "O"
while everyone is up their asses about Manny Pacquaio, Greece is apparently dying again. Does this mean Euro will be less than the $$ soon?
aw shucks. Thanks!!! :D
YES! Those words are so annoying.
I think year 24 was one of the best I've ever had. I set a new course for awesome last year and now at full speed ahead for the next 365
There are more Azorean Portuguese in the San Joaquin Valley than in the Azores. (Things I learn while in Coalinga.)
I had Ben, the squirrel frm last week's game & my new Asst. to the Offensive Coordinator, take extra special care of Billy this week.
Yes he did and very well!
My gram said she's gonna take me to Abby Lee Dance Company. Yeah
Just wrapped up the English Math Oral Drills book for Nook & Kindle. It's an audiolingual approach for students gr.3-GED. Available soon.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
I'll be there at 1 central for #CelebrityRoast!
Hurry up and pack slacker so I can see that little goat like face of yours
good! I miss your long ass legs :)
900th tweet dedicated to:
am loving demonstrating it!!
thanks girl!
listen to while I'm waiting by John Waller.
There is no way he will be here at 11.... I'm sure he isn't even awake yet.
Acai sorbetto is here, feeling healthy? this one is for you
Outta school. Thank god.
My dress is amaze
Of course I would start crying when seniors sang their song. Freakin balling my eyes out! Just think 2 more years and I'l be crying worse:,)
Make sure you are looking for the clues! 1) I am the future so plug me in, with higher gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
great concept!
Lookin like a lobster ;*
Can Monica be the next Bachelorette please? A normal, ass kicking Bachelorette.
Tryna be a better me, you gotta kill me.
no worries, thanks for the response.
true that bro
....is so sleepy! Working 2 full time jobs feels like slavery!
Will you be at either event tomorrow night? Also, I emailed a bunch of media inquiries to to pass on to you. :)
Awesome, thank you!
Now if we could just get the GOP to acknowledge math we'd have something! ;-)
on regis and kelly the winner of so you think you can dance is performing to 'turn to stone' - one of my favorite songs!
My fun reading for the weekend -- #ScientificAmericanMind. Cover story "Who's in Control? How Physics and Biology Dictate Your 'Free' Will."
had a nice hour and a half rant with :)
I wonder sometimes.....
I truly believe that is the best sports network on the web. Be sure to follow them!
welcome to L'Enfant's DC. Now visit the Building Museum's "Unbuilt Washington" exhibit
My school is having a sports day tomorrow.. I actually really wanna go hahah.
Thanks for the follow!
Ok putting my toys to some use tonight
don't fight fire with fire girlfriend (;
lol hehe im going 2 hell cause some people really cant read
Best thing to excite consumers about smart grids is to leverage energy data with consumer devices, making utility info fun & more available.
IIf you guys knows anyone looking for a summer sublease in Orlando lemme know! $400 a month, at peg pointe :) DM me
Thanks for organizing a great #AAJA mixer at
it was the very next thing on my timeline so I thought it was fitting
thank you
getting back on the good foot tonight; cruising to an easy win against the Slobcats. Thanks to for that one.
The brewpub is closed today and tomorrow so our employees may enjoy the holiday with their families. Merry Christmas! Cheers!
Nets game
really I didn't know it's so cute!!! When did you get it?
"Happy Pi Day everyone! Thanks to for reminding me! #3point1417etcetcetc" Pi is 3.1415
tomorrow is my birthday so dont forget to come to school and see me :)
Hello whats up
Nice guys finish last because they put their ladies first
Ok Ill keep you posted! My Dad just gave me an iTunes gift card last night so maybe Ill use that if I need to.
Check us out on with the Fooks and the Field Irish Dancers for #sdshamROCK this St. Patty's Day!
Heading to #ZooLights at the National Zoo this weekend? Stop at LiLLiES less than a block away for dinner while you're in the neighborhood!
Get a $20 Starbucks Gift Card for only $5 this Friday, only through Blastoff! Visit our Insane Offers tab for more details!
gotta listen to the jams to make it till the end of the day. don't hate.
I refuse to believe that
lmao.my sister just did the cinnamon challenge
... very well
hey maybe if you asked like 4 hours ago I woulda been down
#BlackThursday Sacramento! #KingsAllDay whether a Kings fan or a fan of another NBA team- show support today. Also, register for KICKBALL!
just me and my chik till she go to work later
I also just morphed into my mother when this Negro on Wendy Williams's couch kept talkin' at MAX volume. #IfYouDon'tHurryUpandHush
“: I just finished rehearsing with and for Cinco De Mayo - New songs are SEE YA LATER!! #aloha" gona B ill!
Reflecting on today's #bmorefail makes me very proud of and especially my colleague The Fail Queen
what did u do
The loudness of your neighbor's power tool is directly proportionate to how desperate you are to get some sleep.
She offered her honor, He honored her offer, and all night he was on her and off her.
love your concept, very cool
...was ref the players who are giving us concern...<Same here... Check box scores last two games...quite a few uh...!
looks like it... scary in the moment, but haven't noticed any terrible damage on grounds yet
my name is DAVE not Fredo.
I've seen you both times! You were (are) awesome! Much love Coco!
he's a country boy and he likes himym and hes my age. perfect match? yep. RT Barney stinson aaalllwwwwaaayyyss gets the yes!
I'll be out near Gate A from 2-230 signing autographs.
No I like the Bulls 2 win it all but D.Rose & Noah r injured I guest the Heat Might win the NBA Championship.
how can I help??
The youngest Oscar winner was Tatum O'Neal, only ten when she won Best Supporting Actress for Paper Moon in 1973.
Computational genomics and CUDA had a baby: #BarraCUDA. Awesome. To those involved, is there anyway I could contribute?
My lip is still swole
lmao I'm telling you, attracts the sexiest of them all lmaooo
thanks reverb and all my friends , rockin !
you too! Hope to see you soon!
Your parents tell you to stay in the line when you're shopping & when UR almost near the cashier, they're not even back yet
Fo real! is gonna slay
Things I don't want to see at a TED event: A boring demo of someone's new startup.
Did ya get that thing I set ya?
Best team lunch yet
It's better to be married to someone with a good nature than a good physique.
Understanding that our collective unity will help progress the cause for equality and freedom
yes we did
all the power to you my man. Quite a few undiscovered talents have come through SKC's tryouts btw. How old are you?
racially diverse opportunities at Emuhsun? Say gurl, what dat is?
In 1940, Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller threw a no-hitter
Congratulations to my hometown basketball team, the Charleston Bluejays, on wining their 11th Class 3A state championship on Saturday.
Stand with and demand that the GOP condemns for his despicable comments about women!
Cant be in Nashville but keep us posted RT : Gameday! Are there any Jesters fans in Nashville who will be attending?
Thanks for the shout out! We're so excited for tomorrow night!
She wants more time and less excuses
": see me saw you"
What is an Avox?
watching capndesdes:D
“: Taylor Swift, backed up by the Country Bear Jug Band.”
If you could travel through time, would you visit the past or the future?
I Like The Way You Say my Name
Here we go, back to the old ball in chain for one more day
Hm...Hey text me...please
has THE best voice
#Loudoun Schools hosts Reflections; An art program. Children will submit #art, #music and #literature. I'm pleased to be a judge this year.
Over the course of a 14-year ournalism career, there have been some tough days to be in a newsroom. And yesterday was one of those days.
thats what girls are for!! thats what girls are for!
Flight 1: success!
naw I couldn't do that but I rather watch porn then watch what's on tv now
Day 1 of no TV service. Now I stare at the blank screen; much more entertaining than the crap I paid $130 a month to watch.
If you got em, flaunt em
Ancestry will release groups of states at a time for #1940census and make announcements - year long marketing program
Really bad weather falling in San Antonio as surrounding areas!!!! Please be careful if your out till 830pm. Take cover if needed from hail!
The Saints will have to wait til next week to hear about any suspensions for bounty gate..
A girl can dream.
cheers to a bumping HAPPY HUMP day!!
Help yourself others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
If only more people would read it! We were youth pastors in Elizabeth Co.
MATH, Y U NO SOLVE YOUR OWN PROBLEMS??
resistance: in 12minutes i swam 21 pools = 2100meters -.- I WAS DYING -.-
I think she hates me deep down, I know she does..
Let's get this party started.
#Denim is now available in bootleg, skinny, boyfriend, wide-leg and trouser. Do you wear them all or stick to one #style?
Thank you so much for the RT!
Apple: I love 'em & hate 'em. Apple blocks all music streaming on iPhone EXCEPT from iTunes store. Musicians: we need to be free to stream!!
If someone starts a dog sharing program, I'm in!
doing ok FAM... how are you
But really, I'm paralyzed by the fear I have for my looming finals. 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
I did it
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher.....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
thank you, thank you, thank you. Xx
#cloudexpo kicked off with a sales presentation by Oracle vs a true keynote celebrating the advancement of the Cloud - bummer
I will DM you
I think with the way he's dancing, everyone knows
Happy Cinco de Derby! If I named a derby horse: "Juanita 'nother Mint Julep"
Four players into my Browns draft pro-con evaluation and the cons are beating out the pros on all of them in my opinion...
im so glad ur on strange music/strange lane, man cant wait for preserved!!!!!!¡!
Clay Duan,Western Union, Micro market planning.
Great! I'll try to come! RT:u say that,I'll be @ The Athenaeum this Sat 4 "Operation Comedy".Show is is Downtown!
LOVE it!
never seen on Pop Up. Have to you tube it. Thanks
Mobile content gives control to student, more social, goes hand-in-hand with the cloud,
SO... TOM is back in FTK! :D
..., or just deal with that reality, move on, and stop feeling jealous of creative types.
No problem, I was the muscle and Krista was the hustle. Lots of bodies in the basement :\
Watching the Knicks play makes me appreciate the San Antonio Spurs that much more in terms of valuing the basketball.
Can someone lend me $2k?
does social media in an exhibit exclude visitors who don't have SM accounts from a certain type of experience?
#Revenge Freaking crying for Sam the dogs death. 😭😭😭
#fridayreads THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE; NANJING REQUIEM; THE HEALING; THE DAME
“: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.”
Give it up .. its me, I win you lose. Hahahaha, Oohhh shit Yoooo imma bad b***h imma imma bad b***h!!!!!!!!
...m...truffles
twice this week have said "Oh, snap!".... much to my horror....
You guys, Lady Mary and Cousin Matthew on the train platform...I can't handle it.
my next paycheck is going to shoes, my hair & gas!! lol
“: no...” Well you know maybe you should just try to sleep , tomorrow you'll get to be with your baby boy <333
no, lol of course
Xfactor. Suck my dick
Because we all knew it was true, you saucy minx ;-)
I love pumpkin smash! So jealous!
yeah...hard to believe i'm working ;-)
Got da music goin on my android tablet n da game on
So happy to take my hills off
3 Final exams, 2 essays, and 1 presentation to do within the next 3 days THEN spring break begins. Time to get down to business.
Stay in yo lane!
She said you're a rambling man and you ain't ever gonna change
Much love and safe travels! Thanks for all your tweets.
Its always funny when I have to tell someone that you need a nielsen box for their viewing to count...And the subsequent outrage.
That's only true in very backwards IT organizations. IT embraced a service management attitude 10 years ago as an industry.
Do you do single people's homes? All I want is Jenni and Jeff in my place.
Who am i without Jesus?
RT : Adam and eve don't eat that fruit
Unsuccessful entrepreneurs are in a constant search for opportunities while successful entrepreneurs create their own opportunities.
that, a glam gown and a classic mic would make a great jazz photo.
Couldn't agree more! Go Lakers!
Hi, I'm Phil and I have a seemingly crazy story that I'm not gonna tell you more about. C'mon, man!
Nicolas Boileau~ If absolute power corrupts absolutely does absolute powerlessness make you pure
With you just came on pandora and then one less lonely girl is on now :)
"NWA - Real Niggaz Don't Die!!"
Don't know if I can do
RT : Ur level of reliability will determine ur level of success..
Everything is going well for me, trying to figure out my next step Post-JRP program. Looking for a growth position in marketing.
Great website. Great content. Thanks for the follow. Share on solider.
Congrats to you and on the best new restaurant nomination!
I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started
Sharing is caring at Beta! Bring friends, family, and co-workers and experiment with flavors and ingredients you've always wanted to try
#nh11 Come see Dr. Champagne from IOTA Solutions @ 8:30am for VCCS Faculty Feedback results from the online evaluations! Crystal E Ballroom.
Up early this morning. About to get my run in and workout on, then hit the books!
Oh god, yes this. RT : No more gear reviews, please. The verdicts are already out. Go out and shoot something worthwhile.
I can't believe a reporter was going around NYC, asking people if they still watch 2.5 Men, & I didn't get to mouth off!! Where was I??
I never saw 3 profes. women sound so dumb, why are all3 trying to make that Mother into a babykiller or babyNapper,Casy all over
My band Atoms Apart is playing tonight at Bella cafe with the crash takeoff and kate+tom! Come say hi.
hope you follow:)
"working 9-5, it's a way to make a living!"
Happy mothers day yall. Make sure u let ur mom know how thankful u are for her and everything she does. Love you mom!
Jermichael Finley isn't having his best game tonight. We'll hear about it all week, but it's one game. He'll be just fine.
The MGM grand buffet serves 16 tons of Mac and cheese per year?!
Right back atcha babe! :)
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
Proper way to ask for time off. "I need to take a personal day or whatever we call it. I can't work today." /cc
 director mode right now! 
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
Excited to check stuff off the to-do list! RT : It's Monday where we are. Are you looking forward to the week ahead?
Haha, that's true. :P
hope so 2 esp when some schools teach + seem2 want only sharp boundaries between LIS practice v research
We have so many new faces around the office lately. #growth is such a good feeling. Welcome ,
Work/life balance can be a challenge for mid level professionals--
Good luck studying for finals and make sure to get enough rest!
follow back
Pres Obama: it's time to make a proclamation apologizing for US genocide against Native people. Do it now.
“That seems like a no-brainer.”—Marie on ’s recent student loan reform. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/v7LTtc
u listen to both of them?
Wow, already up to No. 23, and those #Lions. Feeling Quinton Coples or Dre Kirkpatrick or even Courtney Upshaw.
can I still listen to it?
Business Creativity
Ugh Mondays but at least I have my birthday to look forward to on Saturdays!
- Please Follow - Thanks!
soon I hope!
THE NEXT JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT APPOINTED BY [ hbo ] SCARY HUH?...
tell me i'm your national anthem
At least we will know who the true fans are soon. Less people to follow.
Welp moving on Friday the thirteenth was not the smartest decision.
Let's go Buccos
yeah it will be but i would rather play OK at norman and play Ok state at Home, instead of Stillwater
starting..... NOW!
I'm about that #ThugLife, straight blasting niggas -__-
Not the way I thought it would go, but gotta admit it was a fun year of Badger football.
Time to hang out with my mom and get my pretty new shoes from my old apartment. Yay.
if i fall, can you let me down easy?
so funny! This is why it's so popular: mylikes
We hope your day is more cyber than Monday! Also, remember that Banzai delivers directly to your door!
Chicken pad thai & yellow curry all for me!! No sharing. :) So happy it's my Friday and it finally FEELS like spring. :)
If my desk wasn't so big and my office wasn't on State St., I'd move it outside right now. Maybe should get a patio permit.
Just because you don't agree with me doesn't means I'm wrong. Just because you don't like me doesn't mean I'm a bad person.
well now I'm home and being lazy. Mission accomplished
Commercial audition went GREAT today!
you dont even realize. I wasnt even hearing the entire beat before. I just killed it. Can you open it where you are?
Too many bottles of wine in this Italian family makes for a crazy night. Grandpa singing Dean Martin and dancing around
Ok wait what is going on im starting to feel bad for sylar..
Charges of white privilege are racist. I don't support any kind of racism. It's a power grab
Congrats to all of our buccos who played in the All Star game tonight! Can't wait to see you back in the Burgh!
who u be?
makes me happy when surrounded by idiots
Come to the QBar tonight!!! the fun starts at 6pm!
but when u do nd come here u should let me know
Thanks for the #FF love, And hello, ! Lovely to be tweeted with you.
Busy Marathon today! Definitely in a great rhythm. Love when difficult things feel good!
Hey,Did you get my info?
well I could give him a second chancr I mean he was a jerk sometimes but only when he was Mad cause of his friend.
You ARE #TheScreenshotQueen! & Im not just saying that cuz its a Mega Awesome picture of me...well, that's not the ONLY reason
Oops, sorry. I thought you were responding to a different tweet. Yes, I agree that it's different.
While school violence as a whole is declining, bullying behaviors have increased by 5%. We must actively work to stop bullying.
When spotting up on opposite wing & ur teammate drives baseline, flatten out to ur baseline corner to make for easy pass & shot.
Killed it tonight!!!!!
hey Michael - dev of CC here! I'd love to hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :)
Now I want to get Skyrim((:
There should be standards when it comes to most things!
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Principals must network with partners to discover the resources to bring in without using their funds. Foster opportunities.
Long time no tweet.... I missed twitter ;'(
preteens are so stupid this century. lol
Just saw !!! She looks so cute in her heels!! Lol
Astro is one arrogant prick. Send his ass home. Rap is for those who can't sing.
Thanks, Mom! RT Nice job!
haha you are her! Btw what's wrong with wills eyes
thanks for the follow. Would be nice to see the parade this year. Let us know if I need any banners!
i love u
that's just mean spirited
Tom Creighton from giving talk on state of SCORM and SCORM next generation
Seriously? Watch out boy she'll chew you up, whoa whoa here she comes": I bought my Hall & Oates Tix for stage AE!"
Apple Pan: full fat cream emerald green cup and saucer banana cream pie bread and butter pickles no. 2 pencil hand-tabulated guest check...
Comm Gomez will support too; looks like #apple Travis County incentives package set to pass 4-1
Last day to refer a friend and get $40 credit in both of your accts. Tell your pals to sign up today!!! bit.ly/dHlM98
Thanks for the AWESOME dinner! It was delicious and we will be back very soon.
Planet Texas Studios is a 2D and 3D animation design and production company for broadcast, games, interactive and educational media.
win a new bmw m3 spend a $1 for a chance www.ebookviralincome.gogiveaway.com
You might even be able to double back and teach a few tricks of the trade to them so they can improve their game.
Has to be Peterkin or Austin based on history, but we shall see.
good luck!
Dolphins take a 14-3 lead into the half.
No problem, Melissa!
Ain't no u in love and ain't no I in team.
My top 5 underrated emcees: Don't get the PROPS they deserve 4 lyricism.
OK. Working on a number of projects. Getting ready to to Israel again. Book party next month (April 28th) at Busboys. 5&K St.
you have a great energy!
I love a girl who wants, but dnt need me dats a #BossLady made fa a
Another great Monday class. What a way to start off the week.
“ lol it was kadias idea...I'm the nice one”
So is Natalie portman schizophrenic in black swan.....?
you have the wrong Russell on today, Russell Wilson.
No more Sunday Fundays......:(
yeah, that makes the two of you to be my Kuyas.
He got some Jeremy Scotts and now he thinks hes A$AP. Smh
hm, thats some crazy shittt!!! lol hm lemme go check it out!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Come on in tomorrow and take advantage of our Strain of the Day!! See ya then!
Today's the big day! opens today, come check it out! 2010 Scarritt Place, Nashville (Midtown/Vandy neighborhood)
Omw to the city!! :D woohoo!
Or lazy and didn't care to learn their birthdays....
thanks so much for the Rt. Loved your April fools joke!
It is far better to deal with an inflationary threat than a deflationary threat. Krugman's comments about the "inflationistas" ring true.
warching your videos on youtube :) what about you?
for sure :)) when is flo rida coming??
seems like a pretty fishy bet from your end, no?
Tyson Chandler did not come to play tonight.....he flat out sucked on a night he should of been dominant!
Sitting at LA Film school for a screening of Hunger Games.
why you hatin on THIS
I like Memphis because they play inside-out with discipline, grit, and consistency. Unlike a certain, other team...
i got that fire you got me open you dig it deeper we take it higher♥ #ArianaArmy ♥
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene. www.JaklitschLawGroup.com
I like the way you think. I might just crown you my new advisor. Resume'?
Isn't it wonderful?!
Planning for the Christmas Party! My family got everything we need! This is gonna be Blast!!!
and to you sir as well
The only way I'd qualify as having a hard body is if they are talking about liver, arteries or heart
Falling asleep while have stem and ice treatments.>>>>
I totally ROCKED tax-free weekend today... clearance sales, coupons, gift cards. Filled three closets on $28!
and you're already at 79K, I'd say you TOTALLY WON the day!
What a fun show! Heather Olt and Todd Sherry I can't wait until next Xmas!! Loved "Sisters" with your fans! Cracked up before you began! :)
YOU SUCK!
Off to 440 Studios to see my beautiful friend kill it tonight in September Girls! So thankful for such talented friends!!
by saying the exact truth duh lol...
Wow, I love criminal minds
RT : really confused about a world without all three beastie boys in it.
When the hot guy at Safeway flirts with me >
👸 <--- Alexis is a princess
"learn to say no so your yes has some oomph." I like that line!
I assumed.
Only a few hours left to register for Rhythm Shuffle in time to get an event Tee! Only a very limited supply of extra Tees will be ordered!
Argh! Well, we'll be here until after 10pm. Come and join us!
She say Love is for Free, Just Expensive to Shop.
I doubt that lack of reasoning is preventing the #semweb from going mainstream. It's more lack of killer use cases on the www.
:( I Just Know him so Well Because i Wanna Meet Him Then He Dose This to Me!!!!!!! Maybe I Should Just Forget Everything About Him
i don't think you got all your followers.
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labrador. How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat.
$10 for a freakin water slide at a hotel!
Ooh. Respect. I tried watching that around age 14 with ; got too creeped out & couldn't finish.
What kinda people, make kids do homework during the summer?
Developing an undocumented system for a psychotic customer is starting to get hard
yay next month's book orders have the shadow children! im totally gonna buy that!
Stanford professors propose &#39;lecture-less&#39; medical school classes
I miss you bastards. You know who you are.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT SASS.
Yesterday was the defintion of YOLO.
wonder if you guys and i could do a song together one day . <33
- London folks - anyone recommend a good bricklayer? DM me dets if you do!! Jo xx
to my parents house in the burbs for a few hours
Just finished shooting! I wore a really amazing Margiela jacket and Devani wore a stunning dress from Altuzarra. Its coming together!
Monday Morning #Trivia:The #movie, 'Mogambo' with Clark Gable was a remake of which movie?
dope. Can't wait to see em
I saw the most random people from high school, ran into a person I met this week and brought him to the parties, hugged numerous random ppl
If anyone opened the link from my tweet change your password now. Sorry. I got a virus when I opened it from someone who sent me the same
no tweets yet?
We have discounts on entertainment too!
I find Aldi's fruit and veg sub-standard so I no longer buy it
Dammit, Commerce Doubletree all sold out until Friday, if anyone has an extra bed and wants to split room cost I'm a neat roommate lemmekno
