Night World!
malick not here and mi phone off
In my cozy bed....night night 3 days till vegas yay <3
no g-f cake this year... Wasn't much of a birthday...
Tomorrow. :D
I miss you mucho!!!!!
Thinking of incorporating a new marketing initiative? Unless it is put on the #Lawyer's schedule it will not succeed. Marketing takes time.
Wanna freak out with me when Justin comes on? Hahaha
haha didn't you have a job during summer?
im bored.. day has been so damn long
don't let those fools get to you. Bmore supports you. Learn from your mistake and move on.
Is it me or is music getting crazy?
flipped is the best movie ever. SO relatable :) u were perfect for Bryce Loski ;)
Every inch of ad space in my train this am, even the ceiling, is for the Kindle. It's creepy, in a minimalist orange & white sort of way.
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Just bought a suit for $100, and it looks god. Watch out ladies!
God damn-it, that was the best Digital Short ever! HOLY SHIT
Los Angeles is never sexier than when it's just had a shower.
"World's Largest Pansies" sign by florist behind away team's bench at minor league hockey game. Funny.
This looks like an amazing opportunity to combat poverty. We are really interested to watch your program grow! MT
hahaha you never know, maybe he'd go the hospital with you ;P
sorry, that Vandy game was too exhausting to lift the cooler. I'll just splash some in the face.
#MORETHANTHIS just watched this. Absolutely love :)
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
I love you too, Paakow.<3
where are your helmets?!?
Kudos to checking the flight plans during the Peyton Manning sweepstakes! Found the flight plan for Bowlen's plane to NC.
thank you for the update
Aw. Sad moment. I really wanted to make the top 40 under forty in Alaska this year... Oh well, always next. Glad someone nominated me neways
I've found the easiest way to do that is - stay up all night...you'll sleep all day. :)
Have a great evening everyone. Hot day today in Chicago. Felt great. Please whoever controls this weather thing- we request more sun.
Come to Boston!!...just kidding, you would be killed by a mob.
move into 6 seed with Denver loss tonight #RedNation. Shaping up to be an incredible stretch run!!
No problem. I'm in MKE through lunch, then heading back to MSN for afternoon meetings. Stop by if you want to grab a beer.
We have tixs 4 sale. Stop in. RT : The #Ambition Tour Starring coming to Univ of #Cincinnati 10/19. Get #ambition early
*takes cereal* thank you. Where are the bowls & silverware? I don't know my way around er...this kitchen.
SO true! MT: We all owe you one. Otherwise no Trex-Mona Lisa-spaceship museum or int'l #drinkingaboutmuseums plan.
Gosh so tired suddenly, hate that, need one of those extreme 24 hour shots or something.
Better read the translations now before the lights go out! so pumped to see what Pierrot lunaire is all about.
Guess who your new co-worker is...!!
things that came true: "music, microcode, and high speed pizza delivery"
Q2 taxes and business license renewal all done and shipped. Feeling pretty good. Now on to more important things...
It's better to push something when it's slipping than to risk being dragged down.
Have a half a day tomorrow on Birthday! Thank him!
Hey guys I totally get it, I play with my own tits all the time
DITTO WHERE DA HELL U BEEN
Lovely treat seeing my favorite at the Memphis airport! All thanks to
Oh, what an endearing show! Final wknd for 's "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change."
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. Ralph Waldo Emerson
thanks to my newest follower!!! I followed back.
Finely starting to feel better :)
I love London
If you break up with your girlfriend and she's also your dentist, then you gotta find a new dentist.
Keasha being too scary & Tammi taking it too far, they too grown for all that !
I am right with you on that.. Too many emotions, she was a voice of an angel
That what we do!
What is the word on Eric Arnett?
No plans yet--but working on it RT : will you be coming to NYC soon.
Dear #uncc49er wifi, please start working.
I really wanna find my RHPS DVD.
it's a long time before I'm getting concerned about what become of myself
Love games..I'm a pro in Yo game so u might don't wanna play it
I know some sports photogs that switched from Nikon and Canon (blasphemy, lol) for the pure speed on the top Sony.
Cant wait until my hair get long down my back again!
Eat your heart out x3
Ain't seen HD n awhile
he came home Sunday night but he's still kind of not feeling well
...now walking up gentle hill to 'Expect the rest of my day to be very BUSY. 'Nice to have had this FULL morning. :)
Thx for following.
Hahah thanks for spreading the word. We appreciate that.
“: "I'm still 100% in the Pack. We comin' we comin'" - #NYULilB”
Everyone told me to pass on Speed because it was a 'bus movie.' - Sandra Bullock
I use to love Ciara.!!
Shaking and nauseas, not having a good night
PLS CONFIRM email I just sent re your speaking time at BRITE '12 next Tuesday. (Can't wait to hear your talk!)
How awesome are you? Very awesome. Thank you!!
~kisses back~ sighs~ fine i love u be careful ok
Childish Major
The brief spots you see when you close your eyes and rub them hard are called PHOSPHENES.
Saying goodbye to Blessed to have known you, hugged you, laughed with you, prayed with you.
endless light, endless subject matter.
Where's Stephen A?
Thinking about law school? Meet our law reps today, 11-3pm, in the University Center, 2nd floor across from career ctr.
The magazines are better at the doctor's
oh lorrrddddd(; tweet that to him! Hahahaha. I will die if he retweets it.
Hah. Great stuff. RT : Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stoned
MLB's media dress code is reasonable, but disappointed they turned down my demand for and to wear Victorian corsets.
Did Romney really make the comment during an (off the record) interview that he really didn’t like mustard but loved Grey Poupon?
i see we are all taking this list pretty hard
In livingroom with mom and dad. Watching ridiculousness. Gross/funny!
Looking forward to the New Orleans Jazz Festival this weekend!
If you could change something in your life would you or just keep it the same?
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." George S. Patton
If the product IS the first of it's kind & WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you? Customer?
Tell us how you really feel!
bahaha! those old farts, and didn't know how to work stickam! X) It's ok i still love you guys.
Anyone know where I can get a violent Christmas sweater?
I can't wait for Barack Obama airport!
OMG! I gasped! Again. When do I not gasp when is in a dress!?!?
Will pledging to complete a degree make a difference in #community #college completion rates? bit.ly/nZrSYp RT
Take a look at our Services Offered..!
Ah , I need to go buy some things before work
Well. There's my answer..
first day of school semester and the cool kids already look so tired.
true, but i gotta get shit done
I JUST WANNA BE
If you fall stand tall and come back for more
Thanks Julie, it was great to meet you and Blake, you guys are great! I look forward to some awesome things from you two...
SHOPPING BUDDY? Did you ever find Gazelle
LAY LA LAY LA
This wed we start The Hump @ Filmbar! Come by and chill with some dope music!
i can lol and thanks for da fb squad i love u
fast and furious 4 really, the chicks, the drivers :>
Im sure that was on their mind when they named it. Anyways, good luck w/ the race.
NYC FREE PRINTING DELIVERY > www.800printingnyc.com > Graphic Design > Printing > Magazines > Newspapers > Poster Printing is our Specialty
Lost a big pot AJ<AA all in on AJ9 w/2 spades flop
Fordham grad student Catherine Osborne talking about Interfaith community center in Rouse-designed New City of Columbia MD.
i have a liitle york named Maggie
9/30 Entree Special: House Cured Leg of Duck Confit with French Green Lentils, Garlic Spinach & Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Wad up?
Man I'm loving the Kindle...and also loving the ability to talk to authors..
tweet me a number & i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr.(:
How many of you get insurance on your phone? I sure do.
Revenge is so sweet!
LOL. London hates you gave me a chuckle.
so excited you're coming to chicagoland. Just moved from Greenfield to Palatine. Now I get a familiar face!
yay!! At lest you got a job I meet the LA Clippers today well 3 of em
If that's the truth, you need that cheesy line.
Totally agree
IDK CAN'T WE JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE HIS BEAUTY MY BBY :')
Yo, I make the meanest brownies tho. Could be special ones if you'd like ... if u catch my drift.
Getting harder to be mobile at $5/gallon... #gas #sucks Great reasons to
Yeah it's been there for a week or two. New nightclub maybe?
thanks Sean! :)
Oh wait... I have forty more tweets until 16k LOL FAIL.
Boxwire #BizTip: A little personality goes a long way.
IF THEY DID OMG. LET ME GO READ IT
Adv. Placement teachers: should your students write essays by hand or on a laptop? Which better prepares them for the AP test?
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Craws for a Cause organizer’s lapses have supporters fleeing
Thanks, and you're beautiful.
We ride.....we ride...till the day we die ...
thank you I'm sure you will be there in spirit
Kick rocks down a darks alley with open toed shoes on
But I'm stuck in Noisome Dungeon / and time keeps draggin' on
Princeton i hope u get that star wars cake u wanted lol. love u very much, happy birthday. #SpreadThePeace :)
the NW has ALOT of luv for you sending luv from SEATTLE :o) follow back!!
May is Strawberry Month and we are celebrating with our new SHAKE OF THE MONTH - Strawberry Banana!
I can't handle Fantasy football, I'm going nuts over here!
school in one week :'(
newt meant Spanish! Its a stretch to say he was talking about all the other languages. He wasn't referring to poor English!
I don't know if I'm a little hung over or just really tired
lol tell them! Also, buy them a sandwich
. where & when was that? Can you elaborate & contextualize?! #Zizek on #TahrirSqaure &
What is this life for, because when it rains it pours. . .
Failures are just the low hanging fruit of improvements to be done.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. -St Francis Sales
it only uses the words you use daily...so...
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  46
#artpolitics convergence between military propaganda and sonic fictions of artists. Disorienting power of sonic effects combined w/ fiction
Care too little, you will lose them. Care too much, you will get hurt..
Le gallery today was NOT at its best today.
Must have felt better today, I clucked along to “Money for Nothing” by Dire Straits. The Sting backing chorus was the hardest.
Smith pulled a Tebow!
He always has a top car there. It's like no one wants him to get on a roll.
figgers. there are caps fans sitting in my seats tonight.
Last day of work!
thanks for the great look. I'll be back for sure
Thanks for the follow <3
If u show me whats real i can show you how to love
almost forgot about it, but obv not.
Congrats, Ryan!
Bout to drink a cup of juice and eat a piece of candy to keep me up
Good investors look beyond that foolishness. Of course good AG's don't file civil suits frivilously either
I'm noticing.
ohh i say that ALOT. :b
Happy to be home with my family instead of anywhere near a store for # Black Friday.
Union's Reservable Space: Why are Nebraska Alumni taking over the new Union South Varsity Hall during the first Big Ten Game of the year?
make up your mind so we can figure out how to criticize you, already. Jeez
Come get down on HAPPY HOUR - Today - Dunkel and Pilsner 1/2 off....along with all appetizers! T-F 3pm-6pm
Baby Hank Basket might just be the cutest celebrity baby I've seen in a long time!
Horoscopes are bs.
I WAS RIGHT! BUT OF COURSE. Why would you RT me? :'(
“: Health food store is great start for a flu, lil honey & elderbeerry syrup may help &chicken soup/broth #latism”
Can confirm. I believe Hopworks.
AP food writer RT : Looking for eyes & ears at South Beach Food & Wine. Couldn't get down there. Keep me posted.
how are you doing Mr. Epps
Who cooking Sunday dinner I'm tryna get a plate.
Some guy told me he is in love with me and he just met me. He said he will take me to his mom and im absolutely beautiful
That is one Friggen huge Matzo Ball!!!!!
When your friends throw a surprise party for you I love my friends 💋
: thanks for your time this morning at temple coffee.
Good luck to Brockers and Ron at LSU Pro Day tomorrow. They have both done outstanding. We will post results as soon as we get them.
that's so cool just one question why does Kimberly have a hand around her neck 😁😊 ?
The moment when u say sumthing so random! Me: DANg!! Anit no body check on my ravioli's! *burning* MY SHA- BANG BANG's
there's a picture of some of them with the girls from RNG but idk for sure
thts a complex verse, I mean its kinda wack but still holds pun to it but not a knockout. Btw your on your way, feelin your shizzzz
Sure, I'll finish it by Friday and will post everywhere.
in undergound Atlanta eating like crazy
It's so fabulous that if we shared we would have to kill you.
#MOSDOHevent The "soil has been turned" and a new chapter in ATSU's history has begun!
S/o o my new follower
If u think spongeBob squarepants is real?follow me n ill follow u
Lol. Stop acting like you don't care.
Thanks for following
I love my Honda 2004 -- what great new features will be for Honda 2012 Accord?
I know...pretty crazy huh. But that's LA weather in the Winter. I've grown up here and it still weirds me out.
Gardening tills my soul.
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you don't start rumors or drama
Good night #packernation. God bless you all.
you can follow people through text xD ohh and you should get on facebook...like asap.
hope everything is good. Enjoy your game babe, i'm going to bed. I have to drive to austin 2morrow.. Laterzzzz.
Looking forward to seeing a few new student followers in the next 24 hours. Come on in the water is fine!
Shoutout from Atlanta. Make sure an grab some Ria's pancakes on your layover.
omg. cat and mouse. omg.
Felic Sant Jordi! Must pick up reading fiction again, starting ya!
Not having yet listened, what's the over-under on Jiggly Caliente being the one who hasn't seen #parisisburning?
"My cat is so cute when she does human stuff like fart <33" ....well mines a dude(:
wathching mean girls!! (;
Idk, do we get to meet them or not? It didn't give details.
I wish ha..
Strip Centers,Restaurant Bar,Multifamily,Ministorage,Carwash,Auto Repair,Office Building,Warehouse,Ranches and Farms,Commercial Land
When a friend tells you that you made wrong choice and should have gone with another one just remember why you made the choice your with
Garcia is DEALING! Come on Cards.
Brilliant Gossip Girl quote: "these stories are meant to sell papers to women who collect ceramic cats" -- Chuck Bass
happy birthday Austin,you might not see this but youve been such a inspiration (: iloveyouu (:
Im in n out da pussy like a prison visit! Dude went hard
True ": Hi I'm a lakers fan and I'm still gay ."
#ILostRespectForYouWhen when u talk dirty behind ppl back
Beers with dad...Hells yes sir!!!
Can't stop slappin that Killem!
So I did then the drive thru lady ask if we wanted to try the new frozen lemonade my brother yells at her and says NOO -_- rude!.
absolute craziness!!!!
really never heard the foo fighters song "walk"? it's good. I had only heard 2 of the 5 myself
Maybe! ": Maybe it has something to do with #JuniorKimbrough ?"
I think I may be the last person left at sigma nu!
Tell me if you have instagram :)
Okay, followed back! Can you give me a price quote on a sew-in and individual eyelashes?
go to lunch and read the paper:-)
Nice, lucky you. What was the worst obstacle?
This dude T.D. Jakes is good!!!!!
Proud to boast the #1 stock Options Trading Strategy service on the internet. Nobody beats our strategy! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Would playing wii and drinking drinks help?? Come over!!
If you have insurance most phramcies it will not except it.
Seeing all these families makes me miss mine. 3 days!
I like to eat. I just did potato chips minutes ago.
As soon as Chuck starts playing Skyrim, it's all I want to play. Even though I got the new Assassin's Creed las night!
Maybe I'm donating blood so I don't have to work out, just maybe
Hasbro already did a movie on Monopoly. It was called Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
Thank you! And happy wishes to you to!
“Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, But beautiful old people are works of art”
lol I bet it was I ate some chilli man I was hungry after the gym
I,m gonna keep tweaking my Warwick Corvette until I get it right,Im almost there!Just a little bit more of string height ajustment is needed
It's funny sometimes, but serious, too. I mean, Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner determines future of humanity? Wow
that was from yesterday.. Hahaha
celebs are walking out to the stage to make the draw....
A Lawyer Brings Order to an Unruly Shop: Palace Entertainment: Best Legal Departments 2012: The GC was determined to ensure that, abo...
thats a big fish! Still not as big as though.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
Cant wait to see the bestie after school
thanks for the RT - hope things are going well for you.
Taking myself to the movies!
cruel! I was about to cry! Haha jk love u guys
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
bummer. hope he is able to avoid trouble and get out sooner.
Santorum: "My policy is not written on an etch a sketch" - gets biggest applause of the day
Writing is not our strength, strategic initiatives is. Your help would be appreciated. Thank you.
baseball games go so much quicker when I have football to watch :-)
Please follow and DM us your account information and more details and our Support Team will look into this.^CS
We wish you did too, Greg!
I cant believe somebody made up a rumor that said you died! Get better! Lots of love(:
Killing this strawberry slushy!
Have you ever heard of Thomas Place? Its renovated and right on University Ave! Call 612-703-RENT
Good morning everyone. Lets make is a beautiful day.
Dana Perino is on Jeopardy tomorrow? Didn't she have to ask her husband what the Cuban Missile Crisis was?
thanks for the follow! Look forward to visiting you on my next trip to Minneapolis.
I know it all comes down to the food at the end, but Sarah is a major bitch and I hope that Paul wins :)
If anyone plans on showing up late turn around. I waited 5 minutes and started heading home.
Accelerated by Bronwen Hruska is set in a Private School in NYC #aapindie May have teen appeal
I need to tweet more
thought the State of your City was great! Good job!
HP's Cloud Matrix can call vCloud Director? That's pretty cool.
Of course I got scheduled to work the most on my busiest week. -__-
he made a music video talking about how much he loved haters... then takes it off youtube cause there was too many haters...
Everytime she comes to class she is literally wearing jeans with a sweater or a long sleeve. Like damn girl, its hot as fuck outside lol
I love that you show so much love. So I wanted to show you love.
looking forward to meeting in person.
Cotton Collection is the BIzNESS....Eatons center better not disappoint me today.....
She is the reason everyone here has suffered. She alone.
The Cabin in the Woods was CREEPY!
On 1 hand - Trader Joes good 4 diet food. But way too many temptations.
Why does my home page say "haven't updated yet"...sigh
Merry Christmas all! I got a new mac-pro, THANK YOU SANTA =)
Aw ok
This is ignored all the time! MT FB cover image: remember no contact info, call to action or arrows pointing to like
Arkeia Software Launches Technical Advisory Board
Great start to
Oh...em...gee, Ryan Seacrest just got Sasha-ed!
OMG, that looks sinfully delicious!
i see you like em exotic ;) lol
Does he REALLY?
#followfriday (my alter ego)
bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
this week before finals may be the death of me
He who rides a tiger is afraid to dismount. ~ Chinese Proverb
.: last leg. session, small businesses accepted tax hike rather than closing loopholes allowing big corps. to dodge state taxes.
DC ain't but so big how come I don't run into some of y'all nowhere
You're welcome :D
you like pizza hut huh?
my pal and I are enjoying your site today.
Let's live it up tonight no tellin how long we got on this earth give me 1 night of fun that will last a lifetime
It has been a fun run but now I'm an official active of BYX!
so sleepy. haha. what about you?!
FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT FROM ME!! FOLLOW HER NOW!! 1
Yeah, tolls are a rip off. It's a tax, plain and simple.
Hokey Game!
It had to grow on me but I've really been enjoying Cong Vu 4-tet's Leap of Faith. Has real depth that wasn't apparent on initial listens.
Lots in sports media paying close attention to metrics surrounding sharing. Traffic metrics discussed as distracting.
I don't need to buy anymore makeup but I can't help it. It's like telling a fat kid not to eat cake....
yea, just like Ally Sheedy giving Matthew Broderick the time of day in War Games.
3 more days until my Justin Bieber conceeerr <3
wHY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH???
I learned two lessons today.
I should of taken summer classes like everyone else :( but I plan on enjoying my summer :)
Thanks as always!
It's 12AM and my dad isn't home yet.
Dinner and wine in the backyard on March 14th! Even saw a lightening bug...if only every March night were so perfect!
hello again to notepad++! finally getting to work after a week of pure leisure
Do you need quick cash for the holidays? Factor your accounts receivable and have operating capital.
Just made breakfast for me and my brother:*
Last night was so much fun.(:
Go study film!! ;-) Off day don't know what to do with myself.. What should I do?!?
Only to find out later it's a dude. Scary draft pick in my opinion for a 1st RDer...
I really wish you could see all of the tweets i have been sending you:/ It would mean ALOT Would you mind following me?<3
Ugh it sucks being sick:( But least I don't got to go to school though:)
Must give a shout out to the Kansas women's hoops team right now. 53-43 lead on Delaware with 12 min. to play. Can Jayhawks make Sweet 16?
A smile is a sign of joy. Hug is a sign of love. Laugh is a sign of happiness. And a friend like me.. thats just a sign of good taste
Clap quick, the immortal child is fast becoming the dead man.
Justin Dior Combs <333333333
- How bout what Ted Nugent said? The great patriot that dodged the war.
R.I.P. Dale... the walking dead community will miss you.
Just spent two hours waking around in the freezing cold, and it was awesome.
Hey & I were chatting bout lunch-- can we do Wed? Wed I will have more time .... Let us know!
Can't wait any longer for this #Ku game. Let's do this shit #jayhawks n party on
#iCantStandWhen I Stupid'Slut Is Tryin To Go After SomeOne Elses Man,and Then Cant HandleIts Like Bitch Yes I Get Jealous Whats Mine Is Mine
Not anymore ...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: When the witness becomes the outlaw: It's actually a crime to see child abuse or neglect and not report it.
RT "Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented." - Elie Wiesel
If you're not following on twitter. You're fucking up. He just called some broad "baby shrek" for questioning his sexuality.
I laughed
haha! No way gusgus. Oh and congrats on passing all of your nursing things! ☺
so he reverted a full year?
Second 'real' day in the Boston area, first day at Harvard: IP protection.
I need a vacation. No wait I think I'm on vacation. I need to go home then.
GOOD MORNING!!! (;
thanx so much!!
I like this Green Lantern movie, people hate on it but I like it. I hope Reynolds gets a second chance and they make a sequel
The fact that my phone Internet isnt working and I honestly don't know what to do with myself on this bus ride...
Thank you ma'am, the #work is real.
I know, wtf?? I already changed my address like 3 months ago & the company knows.
Have so much honey! My g/f is up there doing make-up for several shows & I told her I WILL be going with her next time ;)!
YES. RT : "Art is the signature of civilizations." - Beverly Sills
Oh can't wait for the new black ops game.
cant wait :D
Happy Easter
thank you! and it's Amanda
Go Kandi! The songs sounds great!
yo i want to get you on a track w/one of my artist get back at me IM me
In what ways are you going to be intentional in 2010?
MT : ...big game at the Bradley center tonight. U don't wanna miss the girl singing the anthem either
We're waiting for John in Greenfield Park. Robb is ready to roll.
You guys should really do a song together and make a sick video!!!!!
print job awesome! Thanks!
Can't wait for this!
Good Luck Today , Enjoy Your Marriage To Aksana...and Best Of Luck To You 2 In The Future...
LOL Good idea. I need to watch more so I can really pick which one I want to review.
I wish would hurry up and get here already! I'm ready to get this vacay underway 😁👊
hey umm i know we havent talked in a while but im sorry for any thing i said 2 u
How????? I've been trying to get hold of one since they were announced!!!
Check in "computed" or "layout" in your document inspector.
haha so wht did u do yesterday
Oh yeah, the oscars are boring. Somehow I forgot about that
If you mean in our lifetime then I have, if you mean today then no comment :( ": So who had sex already?"
RT will be honored as Communicator of the Year by , #ParagonAwards May 25th. www.prsawis.org
Are you serious, Clark?
#abortion #contraception argument is really about men wanting control of their #semen even after it's left the building and by God given up
but there is no way that tomorrow will have those kind of numbers. But if it catches on, strikes during the summer could be a prob
going to look into it next week!
Literally made made this face when I read your tweet :/ gross RT Anal sex is scary
Czech friends who came to the show said that Bryan Putnam captured the heart of the Czech people. Take the journey #NYMF 2009!
ian y u in dinial that u iz sexy
in the playoffs again!! Great win. But more work to do. Let's go #Nuggets!!!
My bby ain't playn wit this corn lol too bad I gotta let my mom finish feeding him gotta go workout thn to my other duties
Those type of beats that you can listen to them forever and never get bored >
I thought I was prepared for #UConn to be bad, but apparently not. This is just painful.
I'm about to go to sleep.
SMM Camp has just started and if you are not here...you are definately missing out.
I don't know. Going to look at things again in the morning. Continental's website isn't showing any flights until Wed., so maybe
Mezzanine, definitely. What show?
First day back to work after 3 week vacation, trying to remember passwords. Still on Madrid time so may not be thinking at my best.
Drop your attitude and then talk 😊💁
They often (especially w certain companies) should be called, "Don't! It's a trap!" Coupons.
So tired.....Need
because I was stating my opinion on how he thinks he's famous and he got all mad
uuuuuuuuggggggghhhhh that sucks.
We have successfully migrated to a new server; Blogs@ Baruch is accessible on campus. DNS changes are currently propagatin' 'round the world
RT : Check me out today at noon, w/ Kim Dodson & Mike Biberstine via webinar w/ the Hoosier Environmental Council-HECweb.org
Phone is about to die and my charger is at my other parent's house.
If this album doesn't blow people's hair back, I don't know what will.
Nola - this time they tweeted invasion and aggression
bye bye blue devils!
lol and how the fuck r u gonna get me 950 new followers? oh well worth a shot *RT*
yea I do. I used to have a writers list but haven't updated it in six months.
I need a YSL shirt to go along witg my “success is my cologne smell
you have hit the big time madam
What song are you on now, Stu? It better be a fucking happy one.
Going to the gym working out till it hurts. Then do another set. Reward myself by eating anything I want. #
Just finished a big painting. Looking at it. Trying to determine whether or not it's good. Have no means of doing so. Enjoying that problem.
Spinach salad with egg, turkey, tomatoes, broccoli, avocado.
don't get me wrong, I believe he can...I'm just hoping...
Feeling down ://
saw running through rittenhouse square this morning
love it, must rt
I LOVE YOU.<3 Im watching u at your concert RIGHT NOW in NJ. YOUR AMAZING. ~Lauren<3
ik who this is about I feel special haha
I Got U
Hi to your 5th graders!! xx
Multiple bases and an RBI no less!
Yay! Shall we eat pecan pie together?
For Our Hero, that's just a bounce pass away.
Hey Jan! Great to connect.
RT: if you BRUSHED YO TEETH this morning.
I hope my fellow WICR friends will forgive me that I won't be attending state convention next month :(
Awful RT : Sea otters have been known to rape and drown baby seals.
My kingdom for an analytics-focused staffer.
Have my headphones on, belting out glee showtunes while cleaning my room with the blinds closed, then realized my window's open. My bad.
what on earth is this atrocity/specter of a twitter account? ->
is having a crazy bananas happy day today!
Is my stomach growling?
My neighbor is having a personal revival, complete with praises, shouting, and speaking in tongues. No one else is with her, its kinda wierd
I'm cursed to have nightmares about fast tracking for the rest of my life. It's a serious issue, guys. Don't do drugs or fast track.
it aint like u care tho but its cool lol......ill move around
You can go and take that lil piece of shit with ya...
Q4 encourage associates to "show and tell" with peers
hi Steve!
Pay-What-You-Can tonight at our 8pm performance of #Bhutan If-You-Can-Pay $5
Best or Sproles?
facebook is not boring
Yeah, I got it. I'll like it as soon as I can. & I'll tell other people to like it as well.
>"good smelling mexican" ... wat
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind the last grind (the last song)
Excited for my lil sisters, , quinceanera this summer ='D I can't wait! Love u Jocita<3
Me tori and glen walking at 1:30 in the morning >
I just checked in at Charlottesville, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Lamb sausage and lamb pate from PQM are both incredible. No mild farm-raised lamb flavor here - full-bore, fatty lamb flesh.
From headphones to microphones, from interpretation to conversation.
Second day of textbook sell back at the store. Long day and 8 more to go before the semester ends! Ready for #summer hours!
what's in Nashville?
Less than ONE week left! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
ya vick is athletic...just not a good qb
at dinner!
#NowWatching Tough Love- New Orleans
Mechanical trouble delays Mercy’s departure
north richland hills!
RT Q: What is your ideal job? #GOODasks Earning a living doing something I would volunteer to do
done, awesome. Thanks for the suggestion :)
Understood. We look forward to seeing it tomorrow.
If you have > 50 followers than your opinion is obviously more valued... But no, I still don't care.
because were American!!!
just sitting and tweeting :P about to watch tv.
Fishbowls full of scotch.
Opera or football? The age old question. My dichotic interests encapsulated.
You are very welcome! Welcome back, Mr. Carpenter! ": Thank you."
We the Kings Concert
Happy 4th everyone
Infantino Union Ergonomic Carrier, Gray | Baby Backpack Seats
Very very disappointed about work today smh
Regret that I didn't take a Red Bull when I walked by the Red Bull girls.
Headed to the Cocktail Challenge by with my favorite Asian. xoxococo
Oh man, my ears have heard way too much today.
isn't that what happy pills are for?
Tonight im slappin a broke hoe wit my hair style cause its my birthday ! #primal tonight
Thank you for the mention and happy Labor Day!
<3 our experts! RT : Best news all day from Tanya Zuckerbrot 'Don't shun coffee, there are great health benefits'
belated 'hi'. I ran off to work. Now I am running off to the beach ;-)
Great job with Shep on the Fox Report. You add so much value to any show or segment you are on!
I hate being sick -.-
Only twice? I've said "They're done" at least four times.
psh freshman can't leave campus! I'll bring you back a cookie
Amber Live tonight featuring 10-1AM don't miss it!
I'm at panera and haven't ran into someone I know yet. What's going on?
Glad that you like that we like! To God be the Glory!
u can't play & own. Ownership is given after he retires. Check out last few tweets
Me, Cole,& Brian were running around in the hallways today.....
wouldn't let hers go!
Getting ready for dinner and party later!
me too. At least my home one is. Pulled ahead of jenni 7-7 to 6-7
Looking forward to meeting you at McCoy on Saturday! Excited for my first trip of the year!
FREE #DCoEWebinar on mild #TBI & co-occurring disorders March 24 at 1p.m. E-mail .mil to sign up! via
bahahaha especially on Fremont!
Today I'm playing "how quickly can Javascript crash a browser?"
Dickie V is horrible. Give me bilas or bob knight who actually analyze the game. You're 72 bro. Grow up.
Looking forward to fun tomorrow with , music by DJ Dibs, featured artist Chris Burke and eats by Food for Thought
stressing me out,
my couz watching Phineas and ferb a long time have not watch that
definitely works!!!! you're the BEST. I owe you BIG TIME. :D \m/
If it looks like I'm on crack today, I swear I am not.... That much... Jk! I'm really not....
I"d be tempted to take myself to go see the Avengers but I should defo not be driving right now. *hic*
''Daddys little girl knows how to party, she's screaming throw some sugar on me!''
cant wait to turn up tonight!
make sure they have their lucky shirts on! :-)
I frikkin hate those scantron things!
yeah? I love what they offer. Def worth the $100 if you 'bout it. I been sold since before they opened. I'm on it once I pop!
Friends are God's ways of apologizing for our families. - Anonymous
i was going to be upset if i didn't figure out that song!!
Whitney H.inspired me to become a singer and i really was looking forward to meeting her i pray that God be with her family during this time
working on writing for "Trill Cosby". Got a sick hook ready to go!
I can't wait to hear the story - or was it just because we were running late this morning?
All I've learned from the Steve Job's bio so far is that LSD will make me more successful.
it lasted forever it seemed... Good luck
I enjoyed it immensely. One of his better ones, I think.
needs to find a new location for Winter Retreat 2010. RIP Yankee Springs
Gave Castro props for staying in power so long. Not such a smart move.
A home cooked meal is exactly what i need right now
I stepped out of my house into a fridge.
Coupon valid for redemption 5/6 & 5/7 ONLY at participating restaurants.
Note to self: you CAN fit a cell, wallet, and minivan keys in the front pocket of #skinnyjeans. But you shouldn't.
typical... I'd say it's over with haha might as well just go buy a new one
That is funny. And, for some reason, also very perceptive. I had somehow forgotten about Ryan's penchant for expletives.
Pardone my son. He seems I think tweeting star wars is cool when playing with the phone.
nigga u must be hungry
im too lazy to do anything but whatever
It's actually pretty nice so far, and I hear the winters are not as bad as Chi-Town! I definitely miss Chicago though!!
This game iss frustrating me I'm scared
I *wish* they weren't my pages :-P I started editing some of them but it's slowing down my hi-tech cuttin' and pastin'
A little late but it was amazing seeing you on #Glee . Big fan:)
We've still got to order the really big one
Shows you how much I know. Pacific was phenomenal last year
I miss you!
squeakiest wheel?<----wait till the wheels come off
wants cookies
Me too. She's my absolute favorite. :)
i look up to u ! ure smart woman- its true ! i am honest!!!
Checkout!!! Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, thanks...
Food fact of the Day: May 1st, 1927 Imperial Airways became the first British airline to serve hot meals.
so did you..
I'm hot cause she ducking
ABSOLUTELY. You know very well that I would hang out with him. Maybe organize a Wed night bingo group?
#sytycd is over! It was a pretty good season! Congrats on the win! What did you think of the season overall? dld.bz/aa6Qd
ECHR Rules in Favor of Illegal Squatters in Bulgarian Roma Case ...
Watch out for my vagina
Battery is also new...
I want to have Vanessa Bayer's babies.
Highlights of Jazz Fest: Did you know John Stamos is president of the Beach Boys fan club? The Full House heartthrob said so in his i...
Breaking news!! Newt Leads mittens in all major polls 4 wives to 1.. and mittens rebuttles, all 4 of his wives were from 1 mariage.. lol
Have a and LOVE it. RT : Rather have a than a diamond ring.
So much fun with tonight! Good food. Good wine. Laughed til we cried. Stole a chair from a cafe. Danced to Motown.
Abt time #GOP just came out & changed name of party. How abt "Christian Crusade Party"?
Of course you can do it the hard way and seek out and contact these companies on your own
At Parkview for consortium meeting.
follow me back? that be the smart thing to do! btw you followed my old account before it got hacked
Good job refs, dont call the travel but then call the foul on Chandler. UNREAL
"One of the sad things on the web right now is that people don't experiment." ~
I would rather read a book than watch the news these days.
Last week of school?? Ok now I think I'll start to try
Dude next to me is now reading every item on the menu out loud, and then commenting at it....he is also wearing a 10 gallon hat.
Dry head that's that shit i don't like
if only we had a dollar for every time someone says "who cares". Plenty of people. Just not you.
Fresh cut, fresh shoes, fresh whip, listening to
What kind of singer are you? Is your music online anywhere? And where'd you get that hoodie. I wanna get one also.
My Twitter Is Rated "I" . "I" say what the fuck "I" want , when "I" feel like it. Therfore if you dont like it [i] Dont Give A FUCK !
We will be playing at the howlin wolf northshore tomorrow night in Mandeville. Come see us!
DES FUSHO IM COO WID IT
My brother is having a birthday party what do I do? Sleep in the car. Too cool.
“: Had fun at the harmony sweet tonight. Hayden oh my, Through arteries, and Arisen all did wonderful”
Big time Nest Cam love. Amazing!
Kevin, eff I've been a longtime Phillips consumer. Their shizzle lasts forever.
I like it when the #Brewers win.
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
Hathitrust digital repository: ~10 million volumes, about 28% are public domain or permitted display by rights-holders
Naps are fucking legit.
"I'm so ready for school to be over!" -All of us as if we actually go to class
Hanging at Bodega. Having more fun than you are.
Ok I am still in ikea, this place has officially given me a headache and I'm ready to leave!!!
I don't want to see anyone from that team win anything.
If BS were music some of us would be a brass band!
Welcome new luvs part 2! Thanks for following!
do you know how he died
Yes! Such a cute puppy!
you better not leave me I'd be upset
is yelling at the computer while playing Webkinz games.
Forecast calls for rain through Saturday. My bike gets several baths this week. That's how I keep it clean.
I wonder if iwrite a real good song kcan someone sing it to me.?(':
my fault lol, we are goin june 28 til the first. The hotel and plane ticket will cost 370 all together
in March sometime.
Its not even funny how ridic tiredi am.
Thanks, just heard FFL“: The accident is at N river Rd and HWY 36. Hwy 36 is being completely blocked off.”
- you're awesome. I mean that.
Note to self.....fuck everyone handle my own business
Websites gone and you're still gettin titties...You are the definition of a god.
Why do people come to me for relationship advice??
What the hell is Goofy?
Broadway bar tonight
or pop bottles :-) that's what our bulldog loves to chew on!
thanks for tweeting i forgot and almost missed it!
Bwahaha! RT : What the f? I must be drunk, I put back street boys on pandora on the radio
please follow me!!!!!!
Awesome, glad to assist :)
or i made? O_O
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight 💤
RT : There are differences between virtual assistants and administrative consultants...find out here --->...
The moral this time is girls make boys cry
Love this quote (:
Ron Paul "Replace income tax with nothing" OK. YOU pay for federally funded programs yourself.
so there's this new girl at my school.i think Bailey likes her. i mean he like RAN to her. i would have cried right then.
- we will talk as soon as I get back in town...(I get back Monday evening from India)
RT : . speaking at , 2pm today w/ Come hear about his new book Net Smart. Join us!
Nice work!
Thanks for the #FF!
I LOVE YOU!! STAY STRONG.<3 HATERS ARE GONNA HATE & WORDS HURT, BUT YOU CAN DO IT!! :)
Ok, Blake Griffin dunks hard-no hate, but the man's game aint at All-Star level!
Ah this is bull shit! I wanna kill one of these airport persomell!!! Fuck you!!
I fuck with the street fam
I love #glee <3
Miss USA 2012 may be held in miami , Florida!
five minute break to pretend my hockey stick is a guitar so i can rock out to "land of confusion" by genesis... check.
show was too funny. cant wait to tune in next week ! lol
My phone says 4G!! That's new
Tornado watch?
So frustrating..opening djs need to realize it isn't an audition. RT : Opening DJ playing levels at 10:45
Thanks everyone for joining. Same time next year.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :)
I don't got ya number !
nacho salad. Ground beef, black beans, green chiles, tomatoes, olives, salsa for dressing & a couple cracked tortilla chips.
yea ok
RT : #Illini search now turning to Ohio coach John Groce, sources say.
It's always nice spending time with your family. I was out with my sisters until 2am. now I can't sleep.
Johns incredible pizza- macaroni pizza.... Incredible. :-0
Can I get 6 tix from you today?
Mine are 26 and 17. The 26 year old serves as a reminder that 17 doesn't last forever. ;)
thanks for all the incredible tech coverage. Solid new brand with a dedicated crew. Looking forward to all the #CES news.
Hahaha it's funny how #moving a #piano is always such a #hassle ...
something is wrong with the internet. or twitter. or my phone. either which way, I can't post photos.
Free cover art to whoever wants it, for the rest of the month!
Just passed up my old house bring back memories
awesome practice tonight....
It can be a good thing to be adaptable.
Christie Brinkley hasn't even opened her mouth and I want her to shut up.
boy a niggardly haven't tweeted in so long I need to start back twettingg..zayy
Why do people who I wanna retweet have their settings so I CAN'T!!!!!
and by "rarely" I meant "early." damn you autocorrect!
thank you! I'm now following them all!
I found it!!!! I love mascara B
Dad, thought we'd agreed you'd stay OFF The Twitter. And a "vulvacon"? Gimme the car keys. RT 8 months with ({})
I just sang Whitesnake's "Here I Go Again" with more feeling than I ever imagined was possible.
"I'm not gonna lie, im not tryin to hit on you, wait thats a lie, I am hitting on you." - hahahaa oh Payton.
#$houtout to all the independent women getting ready to punch the clock.
Beautiful! Love your use of color.
I am not a loser!
Happy Friday! What are you working on today?
We just got one of those Roomba robot vacumns. It just went under the couch and I think I hear it crying.
always on the move.
first wipes then cream then diaper
Haven't been on all that much as of late. Trying to figure out a few things personally, & work has been absolutely NUTS.
Oh cool! I'm busy with your mom too ;) Tell them I say hello!!
How would you describe your ultimate game room?
haha sounds good.
RT : I'm convinced Sarah Palin is getting all of her Paul Revere information from The Beastie Boys.
i hope so too
Roma's a goddess! As are you!
how's your mom doing today?
Tragic, so tragic. But finally free.
My future's in the past
the world's loss.
Need tons of Promo Staff 7/21 in San Diego for Comic-Con. Send height, picture and info and we'll let you know whats up!
When is the contract with NBC and Notre Dame up?
as long as we both know he's mine..
If she knows where shes at after u done hittin that..
Radical! A pilgramage to my homeland. Viva la sayulita!
I'm not sure I'd call it "great American cinema" but it is something you should see at least once I think
#songstuckinmyhead, "Turn the Beat Around." Why?
SHOWER POWER! 🛀👊
Pipe down lineman, your lucky they even let one on the list #probablybyaccident #NICKS90?
": Why was the boy sad? Because he had a giraffe stapled to his face. #jamesantijokes"id be scared..
not helpful! Can barely afford either but need a bike in good shape.
i smell like yogurt now... thanks J'lee.
Seriously.Can't believe that ugly Tweet. Worst thing I've ever read on Twitter. Agree with Mr. Young's responses.
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
Baby Baby Baby oh
Free Hors Doevres at the Bar Brio Downtown in Flatiron 5-7pm monday to friday
Excellent! No powder, appreciate that. Sounds like 100s more arrive shortly.
Good Luck! Why don't you trying listing whatever you don't sell on #EggDrop? It's easy & better than throwing stuff out.
Wanna go to the baseball game with me at 8?
RT!!!": Ion Hold Grudges Just Know I Wont Eva Fuck Witcha Again!"
A BIG Hello to all my new followers! :)
Spent the day as a style consultant :)
you are welcome and it is coming soon ;)
Dipped out of a birthday party to watch the end of the #clippers #grizzlies game. So glad I did!!
We are having a referral contest on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG for 1oz HCG - Lose up to 2lbs of fat per day
My only Blk Fri. purchase was your new book: Push Has Come to Shove Relax, it wasn't on sale! :-)
So in like 15 years i think my school's baseball team hasn't made it into regionals or whatever well this year we made it to Semi-Finals
para, para, paradise every time she closed her eyes. ❤
thank you for your support!
Just misread "sundial confirmation" as "suicidal confirmation." LOL I think it's time to turn off the computer...
great article
best news we heard today;) RT : . bought my tix today! Stoked!
it's on at 9:00pm central time. Thanks for tuning in my man!
Your Body Speaks - Are You Listening - Blog featuring Rubenfeld Synergy and how this powerful body-mind approach helps to support and...
awesome! Drive by more often!
Can one just say: "I am an Artist, therefore I serve a social need" And because of that I get special status?
it is definitely an interesting experience - the wet and warm water, clacking of dishes and silverware...
Hi! I am doing food & enjoying that it's Saturday! How are you doing?
Really enjoying Krytzof Urban's talk on word space models and keyword search at
that girl already has tickets to the show that's really not fair reconsider??
: OK, that was pretty good. RT : What do they call The Hunger Games in France? Battle Royale with Cheese.
Good Morning All!
just downloaded Ah Yeah off iTunes. I like!!!!! #realmusic hope a tour to Florida is coming soon...
We've got our RLife music preview at Tallulah this evening with the Baldwin Sisters. Come see us after LSU's spring game.
let me explain. I also have twitter access to HELP and can tweet on their behalf
I would say layers of struggle and their ability to continue on the journey of inner seeking
One day I'll write it "Be More, Do More, Have More" my personnel blue print to change & success in life
what you doing tonight?
always a surprise
“: My driving skills > 's driving skills” Your Danica Patrick behind the wheel
his daddy might.
You don't like the purple ones?
Thank you guy whp invented yoga pants ;) you sir are a real man of genius #A$$
Awesome day
#everyone follow me for a free follow back!!! do it!!!
Sometimes life doesn't want to give you something you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve more....
Nice. This world is too damn small!
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx9
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday 2U- peace - luv
Loved seeing so many Mom's with their kids in the city today! Made me 'Miss' Sally!
Hm who wants to text me?? (:
Just watched the second season of Sons of Anarchy , i wish i had a biker gang to have my back lol
going to walk to seven eleven lol.
oh my
One takeaway from : boundaries between donor, archivist, user blurring in digital age. Agreed and excited about possibilities.
Why am I so sad right how?
love that song!!!
its a pre-internet quote from William Burroughs on the creative process—a bulwark against the idea of (divine) inspiration.
thank you for the code I kept tweeting but you missed it, walking dead is awesome
Followed :) -Maria
- I sure do have a beta invite. DM with your email and I will send one right over.
okay thanks:)
. & will be announcing the Binary Battle Top 10 apps to impact science in about one hour.
it's nice of you to help boost others' confidence like that.
hey man how have you been?
Who wants a free cup of a fresh brewed coffee drink? Ask to find out how!
#WorldofConcrete is less than 100 days away! Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the recent RTs and for all the goodknowledgespreading you do
oh yeah Al Jazeera is really known for their honest reporting right? nice try - propaganda club is a better name for them
this isnt very good :'/
“: What do you call 6.9? A good 69 interrupted by a period....” are u thinking what I'm thinking?
That's my predicament tonight, too.
I asked Eli what his favorite restaurant was this morning. He reply was, "Cracker Barrel!" A boy after my own heart!
"Ugh. my brain feels like it just went to 24hr fitness" signs of a great story breakdown session.
I admit. The environment Im in makes me weak. So much negativity. Its like trying to be an angel surrounded by devils. LOC campus...
Enjoy Texas BBQ and folk music at The Heritage Society's Big Texas Welcome!
Alright! Goodnight fellow kpoppers! Tomorrow is fangirl-over-CNU day :D don't miss it
if i would`ve known you were that thirsty for her i would`ve handed her over mad long ago #hopOff . she NOT that BAD !
Will do ma'am!
"You shouldn't waste your feelings on people who don't value them." Watching The Sitter with hilarious & enlightening.
Happy #FF shot out to new & old tweeters!
Hilarious! At McDonald's. Mom tells kid not to blow straw to make wrapper fly. Dad walks around corner of booth, blows his wrapper at kid!
Why are we being bombarded with information/interviews with the Madoff family?
we aren't getting off at one yet? Ugh I don't know. We just went through the toll and he took the ticket.
Good morning! (:
Worked al morning tired af time to hit the shower n bowl :)
Look like a Fortune 500 company no matter your size. Simply your invoicing & time tracking w/ our awesome sponsor :...
Just a reminder: keep it clean.
Gotye: "uh oh, I snapped a mallet that's no good.". Keyboard player: "ROCK AND ROLL!!". Amazing.
Great rehearsal tonight. Time to get some sleep, 'cause tomorrow we hit the road...
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm entertained easily
More... Those involved feel they were mislead by ABOVE, really? Have they seen his work. ABOVE if you're out there U keep doing your thing!
Be safe Chicago! RT : Severe thunderstorm watch for Chicago area until 7 p.m. via
RT : Good Morning!>>> Good morning to you! Navy nurses ROCK!
no sir I am not havin a good day at all. I am the grinch of valentines day. How's ur day going ? Lol
yea. It should
Kelly Clarkson tickets in 15 minutes (around 4:45) with the End of the Workday Giveaway. The game today is Dead or Canadian!!! ~boomer
So what would get you to enter a jingle contest? Cash Prize, other prizes? Pubblicity? Chance to be on TV? Radio? Celebrity Judges?
very sad to see u leave the white house.
You only have one dick, so you only need one girl.
back to bed with me .. maybe I'll have a nice sexual dream with scifi undertones; or a scifi dream with sexual undertones!
Yeah, still on TweetDeck, but I haven't upgraded. I like the older version.
Awesome new Pizzeria and marketplace at , very close to us! Check in on Foursquare to get a free glass of wine!
That one friend who's down for anything >>
Nah--I Guess We Should Start Utilizing Our Emails Lol
I don't wanna be in Memphis any more i'm gonna go back to Iowa to my roots and be there...
Snowing in the Valley of the Sun. Kinda cool. Heavy clouds & people running out to snap photos. Guess it's been awhile.
Lord Jesus You Still Amaze me! <3
Be brave enough to live creatively. The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. ~ Alan Alda #quote RT
Ari! Ari! Ari! Wake up! :) I miss you oh so very much! </3
yeah I know❕
i wasn't a big christian slater fan back in the day. i liked him more when he got older & paunchier. (feel the same about elvis.)
Happy Thanksgiving Tyler ! Hope you have a blast !
We can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event!
Is your phone like not working or something?? Lol
Wow, almost 700 fans. Thank you all!!!!!
Gd morning loves hope u have a bless day ☀
Hated The Iron Lady! There was no one to cheer for. Que pasa?
Happy Star Wars Day. May the fourth be with you! Wanna hear the theme in 90 meticulously recorded vocal tracks?...
Ancient reckoning values are not arbitrary but rather obey conditions of spacetime existence. Hence, Earth/matriX, science in ancient art.
I wonder if this new batman will be better. I hope so lol cuz avengers was legit!
Watching the sun set with my boy >>>>
Taking a break from writing music to read this book about promoting music.
"Your gunna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.." <3
House tour w docent acting as leprechaun and interpreting history of house as story of how leprechauns helped house and family
do it <3
will be playing how your pussy work sponsor by viagra
Rehearsal wit the bands about to be fresh...100 miles and runnin.
Android 3.0 Honeycomb will provide some impressive features to Tablets
Excited to be out talking to local businesses about TransitChatter!
uh thats what I said
also. Incoherent drunk Nick said we'd hang out today. Is this still valid?
#ImNotTheType who will change my views or opinions for you. This is me, like it or move on
. I use Pink's A WHOLE NEW MIND for summer reading. Standardized tests address ZERO of Pink's six "senses." Non-Nonsensical.
plz do message chat with me :D
If McDonald's sold hot dogs, could you order a McWeiner with a straight face and tell them to super size it?
Nawl I ain't talking to no damn maggot bruh
DON'T PULL IT OUT!!!! omg. what an idiot. He's really going to die now. Why pull the scissors out????
I have been craving a sandwich from 's. M...and bread pudding.
About to go get some drinks.
Is addicted to Draw Something. Best game ever.
RT RT to #WIN a brand new rug from ! Winners are selected daily!
naw iits off due west tell me next tiime u go to studio
I totally agree! Y'all are rocking it.
Selection Sunday......who are your final 4 picks
Im glad nobody is texting me, haven't been on campus since 10:45 this morning.
I cant get out that way hit my phone
Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee [wearing clown costume, slinking down basement stairs]
Major adrenaline crash now that the live Bloomberg TV segment is over! My mother did great :-)
How long ago did you quit? My cravings are mostly gone, but every once in a while. I've also been avoiding smokers. lol
Rosie O'Donnells man hatin grill locked in a phone booth w/ any penis, =Dexter bloodsplatter! TV is4 fine ladies not Jackie Gleason lesbians
If you're traveling through Ohio, you have to stop at a Raising Cane's for me.
watchin #fashionstar right now haha its no #pawnstars but i suddenly find myself on the H&M website. FCUK
May I suggest a Blackwing for , instead? Somehow, "garbage orchid" doesn't seem right. :)
This game cube killin me
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William & Catherine aka Wills & Kate
My Google contacts added to my AIM seamlessly, but not the other way around. + why use AIM when there is Skype?
Me too! Even all you and do is laugh at mee :( Haha.
it's actually amazing how the boyz manage to turn my mood around.
Our 1-3NLH is still action packed and has not lost any steam from last night! Only a few seats left so hurry up and come on down :o)
congratulations on graduation!!!
HOW IS A 7 YEAR OLD BOY'S LAST WISH TO TREND ON TWITTER?! HE PROBABLY DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TRENDING IS, LET-ALONE TWITTER
OMG that dog blog. I am laughing hysterically in my office. Well played.
Welcome to my new Followers
yea i finished last year :)
Impressive 50! Hope you had a great 4th of July!
love you 😊
": well fuck.." but I love you so its okayy. <3
In JPMorgan Chase Trading Bet, Its Confidence Yields to Loss - New York Times
Q2 Roughly, how much emphasis is your company placing on mobile marketing? (None, Some, A lot?) Why?
:o there's a dude on the run here!! I'm so scared! He's got an AK-47!!!
Smartphone ain't too smart...after in middle of txtin ppl back, responding to an email while I took a call now the stupid txt'n is f'd up :(
air everything...except the dirty laundry;)
i swearr . . . if i dont come up with something to do in the next five minutes , ima just die . lol .
Whut? Thee Album is one of my favorites.
I think that's a great idea!
You are just being human!
Sunday's just feel good after church and having a great family <3
hey! Wake up... im bored
should have scored again
TJAM ON THE ROAD IS AMAZING!!! So worth it!!! Robbie is so fluffy!!! Andrew and THE Alberto are amazing!!!
Good Morning to every one on Twitter from every one
~ Whoa! Stay strong and know that through whatever obstacles come your way that you're still beauriful! Be blessed!
I love waking up all giddy. Today's gonna be a good day.
party no music...no atmophere...no chairs
Got my nose pierced (:
RT : Julie Delpy, Oscar nominated for BEFORE SUNSET screenplay, said she has been turned down for Acad membership 3 times.
Hate when I search a brand on #socialmedia only to find out they don't have an account.
"Make everything possible possible before making everything impossible possible"
They left... now to sing at the top of my lungs.
ha! Correction: ...so we could get #FirstKick underway! ;)
Rocsi looks so confused .....
so glad you were the 1st :)
brantley is better all around.
Going out for sushi, ordering the bin laden roll.
maybe... you never know... hahaha
give them the case study or question, have them sit in groups and discuss for however much time is allowed by class (1/2)
(jen) Really slow connection at the cafe this morning. Hope my upload doesn't time out!
Congrats!! Top ten on Itunes. We #Hooligans support and love the local boy from Hawaii. ;)
Just a rough night!!!
Follow me!!!
he didn't trend and I swear if she does ill be pissed
Troy Tulowitzki with the Pagan Rule Triple.
I love this!
Get X-cited people! I JUST ordered P90X2. Who wants to BRING IT! with me!?
Can't take away what the city of Boston has done in the past 10 years though. Remarkable.
From now on when I refer to "the deli", i am speaking if
Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions.
Follow my dude & watch a future star in the making.
Thunder clap wake up call, love it!
hey ms les, happy holidays! I'm ready for the new year. R u gonna throw down? Lol
What has 13 thumbs and is stoked that Toonami is coming back? This band.
thanks! Picked one up yesterday
Y'alls performance on the Switch?? Oh Em Young Jeezy, that was just incredible. More of that, please : )
i wish my mom would let me dye my hair :(
#codeacross Open San Diego group building code for 2 Apps today as part of national effort 2 assist cities, Jed Sundwall leading for OpenSD
Herb crusted salmon is special for today!
Wat will happen to my mommy or my baby Sis 
just followed :)
Thanks for the RT!
I miss your face! Let's get drinks son. And maybe invite that bloke? All in favor ?
i am at work, no bread. I ate some apple, and 5 almounds - so far feeling oK.. thank god it's almost NOON!
#FF for #Browns info and thoughtful commentary
Just heard the WIP interview. Man you rock! Can't wait for the season. So pumped!!! Go Birds!
Y'all better love me & we something when we want to be
Stop showing victim as child. Show the 17-year-old in a more recent photo please!
Hey! Miss Geers -- How's life?
THE WALL
Can't wait to see you in Chicago!!
its awesome !!! Nice tattoos!!:D
Happy hump day
BB might be the norval of the big 10
Working on our #MarchMadness specials & contest... You're going to be excited.... !
how was it???
I hope Tye Tye feels better soon!
You don't recognize blessings...A true blessing is more likely to kick your tail into gear than kiss it into complacency...
Allen West excited about the prospects of receiving his 2nd Federal Pension, and 2nd government funded health care benefits.
Damn will the hypocrisy ever end.
I miss #oomf i wish they would txt or call me RIGHT NOW!..
Play #FantasyFootball 2Day and be enterd 2 win Signed memorabilia by #Jets legend #VictorGreen NY #Yankees legend #DarrylStrawberry & More
damn.... the radio just keeps playing the same damn songs.....
Me and Donovan told my mom we put the dishes away and she literally started to cry from shock.
good to know! :)
I will finish Driver's Ed, I mean, If I finish it on time.
;) On #Aday we will
has Chemlab put out anything good since Oxidizer
Here's to hoping my graduate Alma mater, #VCU can keep rolling! Saw my man #Pav with the band tonight!
I'm so sadyou guys are coming to NY in march but i can't go because its on a school day next time it should be on a weekend
Dear students of #graphicdesign, what’s your favorite book on #design history? cc
Holy Cow!! I didnt know you had a Twitter!
Baltimore: the only city where buses are more reliable than Yellow Cab drivers?
The only ppl mad @ u 4 speaking the truth r those living a lie. Keep Speaking It. Thx again Lu another FB post that I had 2 share here
In Bistro 151 if you want to nosh and you're lonely.
Next time someone says "fuck you", reply with, "maybe later."
Jabar Gaffney AND Lito Sheppard trending topics? Is there really nothing else going on in the sports world today?
you'll love it!
very nice! cheers to delish beers!
you did! And ghost stories!!! Best present ever!
chillen with my family!
Hey all! Have a Wackful Wednesday!!
Playing with a couple of ideas to pitch for Honolulu Startup Weekend ...oh, and trying to convince girlfriends to come along :)
We are busy planning next week's show! Need an interview? DM us!
RT : Sat in on an excellent preso by to #Samsung infra group on #LTE competition in Samsung campus in Suwon.
All long-lasting business is built on friendship.
are you working tonight? Me and are visiting you if so
Getting ready for Atlantic City this weekend, then starting to cut tracks for a new album. Love to all the fans and DJ's for your support:)
Headin' back home now.
SPOILER ALERT :(
not at the Burbank airport!
let's all go to the Steve aoki concert at grand central Thursday!!!
just looking at me the right way
you better use distilled H20... Read up on the press from neti pot within the last cpl of months :/
Very true, voice of reason.
yep...and it's great on sandwiches.
Thanks! We put it on a lanyard too and it was in plastic like a backstage pass.
One month til NY
So, tell us, what's your dream job?
when you have a mini photo shoot & like all your pictures but don't want to seem conceited and upload all of them-.-
of course! what would Mr. T do without him?
lol! Surprisingly enough, the tablet app Photoshop Touch, is amazing. I do wish it read .raw but hey, its still good.
remember those epic battles between grizzled George Mikan/ young Tim Duncan? Man Duncan's aged well
well, I work for the greenest hotel in the land, so... ;-)
Also, found out the class consists of 1 day teaching a sport followed by 5 days of playing the sport.
oh rele??? Well I'm on a first name basis with your mom!!!! Haha suck on that!
Hi! If your followers want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can! With the pungle.me app.
that's a useful site
None of that
But they hurt so good
Very very quiet. Can't get back to sleep.
Bring me the horizon was beyond amazing !!!! Such an amazing concert!!! <3 amazing bands with an amazing friend :-)
Only bad thing about fiesta is I get full on chips before my meal!
On my shit. . . AGAIN
your best arm should be the closer but has to have the best head to go with it
When was the last time you had a dream? What was it about?
July 29! Thanks! Have fun planning
Congrats to the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, & the Wisconsin Badgers on a great weekend!!!
Reading the "50 Shades" series for hours before bed makes it ridiculously hard to fall asleep all alone...
RT : this is best
hahaha that could have been potentially awkward to whoever is on the receiving end of such a text
The NEW .com BOOM. Just because .coms made and lost allot of money before, it does not mean that we can't profit from the right website idea
. I know - super fun. & are some of my FAV events ever. I'm a big supporter. Great to meet you!
Cheese and rice. There's one record that will never be broken.
you are not your ex. thank god!
awe I'm excited
if you want some cute clothes that show off your fabulous curves at a great price follow us!
Thanks to everyone who came to the LIVE stream! Lots of fun and can't wait to do it again!
Ohh yaa he's a cutie alright
Researching Vegas over lines for total wins in upcoming NFL season for each team. Will post three favorites here.
This school year seems to have lasted forever...in some ways I'm glad it's over..and in some not so much </3
To me organization like are non sense.
nope in Lakeview by Wrigley Field but I work downtown
HA! I've already derived from things I've seen on the Internet that everyone bites the dust like in Hamlet, but don't tell how!
we will change the world, your not a fat slob your my fuck tart :)
Watching the golden globes! Hoping shaleen woodley wins
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there. But it seems like more things are coming to NY
I'm here at my office listening and trying to decide between 2 songs which one to include on 's new album!
