HoeLies #53: It's a minor rash.
All I want to do is talk...
I know who I'm talking to, he's pretty much set in his ways
was going the fuck in
Holy cow, the Marlins brought a legit roster.
Ok seriously I don't think I've wanted something more than for this person to talk to me... :/ Lol pathetic
can't believe I'm getting married in 3months! Still feels like I'm 16 but yet a grown up. :) time flys like crazy, where did the years go?
Our thorough Preventive Maintenance Program gives our customers peace of mind knowing that their unit is being serviced on a regular basis!
So many hot people.....
I just bought a guitar from a guy who looked like Tyler Glenn.
Holy Moly Nebraska.
my fucking phone keeps sending me shit about ppl checking in. dont give a fuck stop!
Timothy Geithner tells he is “relatively comfortable” about the U.S. economy’s ability to withstand what's happening in Europe.
Feeling a-ok with only 3 hrs of sleep, but I'll be taking it easy tonight to rest up for work this weekend. Laundry &
Just tasted this super-delicious #asparagus my brother just made! OH MY GOD - I'M IN VEGETABLE HEAVEN!!!!!!
Have a fabulous spring weekend! What's on the schedule?
...let's roll, and melt in some chocolate #playful chill
#Reading Erasmus, "The Godly Feast." Lesson learned: A generous explication of Pauline theology is the only seasoning needed for beet salad.
Just touched down in #Vegas for the 1st time. Go figure its also the first time my flights been so early that we have no gate open.
Mexican candy, gum, and donuts during a test for 2 hours ;) I'll survive
wishing you safe travels!! call me tomorrow to fill me in on the status of your story!! xoxo
7-11 Hot Dog, Gatorade, Ruffles Chips and Sour cream dip.
I don't see the Cavs making the playoffs either..... That is a longshot!
i did now give me 50 fllwers
This has made the often hard work of editing samples to a rather easy process
Inteprod LLC Named to Inc. 5000 List of the Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America
The fact that people only care, or at least pretend to care, about the Earth one week out of the year is ridiculous. Especially since most
hx for the #follow Follow my friends and - they
SURF NINJAS reference? Kwansu, dude!
Mike, actually wanted to do an interview with you guys about that decision. Have any time after noon?
The day I can spontaneoysly choose between having to be at office or telecommuting from home, then technology will have lived up to the hype
Why is Tony Lucca on ? You're better than this!!
Woke up on wrong side of the bed!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms and soon-to-be-moms out there!
great article & you bring up a good point, galloway & williams were tagged & traded but they could contribute
Its time you step up, its your turn, im tired of doing everything. So when you grow a pair you can call me back.
sorry correction, aaron brown got drafted in the 7th round. my fault
I've been practicing :) Garners a lot of weird looks, but totally worth it.
A person who doesn't know the history of the last 3,000 years wanders in the darkness of ignorance, unable to make sense of reality. -Goethe
My dental-related tweet sparked 2 new followers. Apparently and want to get in on the scraping fun!
: The world needs more people like you, who actually like being in class at 8:15.
Fuck British literature class, it's fucking hard! Dx I don't even think the British even read that type of literature.
hey boo, i miss you
YouriDealsABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
wow. Yeah I've only been here since 04
Oh oh thx for following - so proud...
Sounds like a great first line, off screen, as we FADE IN on MAN slumped, clutching remote, blood pooling beneath.
Have you been thinking about a makeover lately? Besides a beauty makeover give your space a makeover. Or a closet. Contact us today.
Spring Tag Sales, Flea Markets, Book Sales
I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....& those who have contributed to make new life possible......
Congratulating Amber!!!!!
Outcast sale starts in a few hours!!!! Anyone in the Pensacola area stop by and check out the deals
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Interdental & Proximal and most oral care products.
Bill Maher just called out $1 trillion student debt in his monologue
It'll suck if more than half the class fails...Mrs. G will go crazy....her eyes turn red I noticed(;
Anyone going to Portland, OR for the Council on Social Work Education Annual Program meeting?
Are all these mentions of Romney's current underdog status to Obama going to boost his favorability?
LET'S GO LOBOS!
Rolling cartridges for an Enfield Rifle with my father in law. Him, me..& 20,000 reenactors will be reenacting the battle of Shiloh April 31
May the 4th be with you! :)
": "Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely." #CharlieBrown" awww
It's going to be a good one! I'll send you this article I found.
We can all tell when you get your headshot done at sears...that is not a good thing
Not havin a teacher for second block is pretty great, me and go to mar begleys class and chill :))
I'll have a threesome wit them well be 3 different types of chocolatethat caramel that milk and that dark... Words from ...
its official you all have the worst customer service in America
SimSimi is for people who don't have any actual friends to talk to lmao
Euro pressured as ECB dampens rate hike prospect
Enjoying one last day of sunny weather in the 70's... Not excited about heading back to a car buried in snow
At the dentist. Boo hoo. Ihatethis.
I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me. Psalm 16:7
The winner has just been emailed. Everyone go check your email, quick!
Our FB page just hit 2,800 Likes. Can Twitter match? RT this message, because great #wines are meant to be shared.
Thanks for the retweets! :-)
thank you for following me. What about me sparked your interest?
NBA cancels first two weeks of season
Have you heard of a tequila burpee???? Well tomorrow morning its on!
damn they really r takin over da world
haha alright(: text me
Get down to St. Andrew's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more... You know who's hosting...
I love waking up to good news like hearing that Cole Hammels was suspended for 5 games. HAHA!
You gotta teach an ETAKA tune and play duo tonight on Fallon!
Lmao! Too freaking funny!
SDPD redirecting auto traffic are apologizing to drivers only
(in Mazz Boston accent) "he was a pats killa this year. Dan snyda does the grocery shoppin for shannahan"
hey do me my name is cinthia
Dappadan On Demand Trailer Coming Soon!!.
. is killing it at is up after them. Where are you?
Here we go again. Nightmare on Affalo street.
I love you more than you know.
For those that are willing to travel the snowy roads, we'll be taking $3 off all of our mix and match craft 6-packs tonight until 8pm.
Ah! that's better. A 12.5 million bonus will buy Rupert Murdoch a lot of ointment, relief and humility. But who signs the big checks there?
Nice thanks! RT : released the new official packer app for android !
At home I love home
Chi-town bound!
Replaced toner in public printer on freaky busy Sun w/no previous knowledge of how 2 do so. This is my helped-deliver-a-baby-inataxi moment.
Eastbay would be great with my membership there
Made it in the top 5 for the National Anthem, another audition Tuesday! (:
Dempster's first victory will probably be a 5 inning, 12 hit, 6 run performance in a game where the #Cubs have their hitting shoes on.
omg there's a new show coming to lifetime called prank my mom. We need to sign Betty and Karen up haha
I hate when you send a text & you didn't mean to hit send...
Problems of posting mass archives online - copyright issue becomes overwhelming, stifling research
Thanks for answering my question...
join us by following our Tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
OH: "Is Facebook broken?"
BTW: it is true that the fetus is part of a woman. If it wasn't then it could survive independently.
": Spaz at winking Lizard tonite in Lakewood"
Austin nobody wants you to get hurt.
So can you do July?!?
I was in the military too. If u approach someone & start a fight "& Zim did" then man up! Black or white I can stomach a coward
Day after a spa day in Laguna
#heweb11 taught me I need to fall in love with campaign tracking on Google Analytics and that my fellow highedweb pros are amazing!
Agreed on Penelope
Everyone should follow cuz he's amazing! AND HE'S ON ♥
working on report from business database training. thinking this is future of libraries...reaching out to business community.
The wait is killing me!!
Great game last night! I'll see you next week. ;)
Perfect! #redheadsaresluts ;p
start guessing!
In the midst of all the heat in the east, come buy a house in San Diego, where the weather has been perfect! Home Bank can help finance!
For anyone in the fitness industry looking for a fantastic social media consultant follow for great tips! She is awesome!
how have u been hun?
I really don't like that I have a fox, racoons and other cats from the neighborhood they eat my cats food all the time!!
I'm generally a very patient man, I'm flexible and easy going but the contractor and his minions are on my sh*t list.
Still feeling twitchy from seeing Iris at the Kodak last night.
I'm so lazy right now.. Crawling into a corner and sleeping
Hey everyone. Follow my band () and be the first to hear our tunes.
looking good fellas. Tight!!!!!!!
Ladies when you grow up chances are you will marry a average husband with no six pack so don't get used to It ...
Just rearranged my room.. Now I don't wanna clean the rest of if... Bo. 👎
Why why why? | Beginning in April, nonsubscribers will have access to 10 free articles per month on .com instead of 20
Way to go! “: Amazing night at the dinner Dance for !over $20,000 raised!
Are your #First20SongsOnShuffle playing on
I still need to check w Calvin. I'm going w him to his friends place to photograph their creations for their catering bizz.
Tell us who makes the best graphic designs!
Who would you do: Mary Steenburgen or Mimi Rogers?
Welcome my sweet little red-headed stepchild :-). Follow my girl
Follow us on Twitter!
where u at
Proposals FGS, OGS and article. Getting it done after NGS.
Interesting article; I'd like to know nurse practitioner first year turnover rate;should be much higher like MD
I see, wat type of work you do baby
Members of the and vote to approve merger #oneunion Hurray for HOLLYWOOD ! ! !
"Sometimes we make love with our eyes"
lol does she have a twitter.!?
we got 9 scores recorded for you (asqe8)
too bad you couldn't edit tweets after posting them \m/
I can make it happens...just press the buttons that's covered by a sign saying to use the buttons on the otha side
Just realized my data roaming is off. All live tweets from yosemite will publish at once.
We're so excited to launch our #Vegas microsite | The Las Vegas Team are ready to service your requirements from Monday |
Goal this week: get pictures of cats with frats
Huntsman: Romney cabinet position is about as likely as becoming a part of the Foo Fighters
I think Gary Cohen referred to them as a "rap band" during the Mets game.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation.
I have just invented something: I called it "the Elvisito": a corn tortilla filled with peanut butter and banana. I loved it.
I guess in my case everyone has been talking to my feet...I can't help it though I love my picture! Maybe I will change soon :)
I'll look forward to meeting ..I was telling everyone I could about it today!
exactly. I would like to RT, +1, & 'like' that!
been stand here for 20 mins or so and this girl wont stop singing uh she terrible
Your obstacles only challenge you to surpass your plateau
Madison's dick.
Feeling very inspired to make a subject 'trend' on Twitter. Anybody want to join forces and get on the Twitter homepage?
it's interesting (your model). The badge system actually makes me think of scouting.
Eli Manning and are going to be at the Bridgewater Mall next Sat for the Microsoft store opening 5/19/2012
please follow me id be so happy!! :)
I read about this... 1 year ago... and soad's song is talking about this... it's holy mountains... :D
I bet if I ask most fashionistas and bloggers what the inverted cross meant to them, they'd be like "uhh" or Satan.
Thanks for the great content!
I totally agree! I started reading them while a resident was around..had to stop.
Any students want to intern , a tech start-up in NYC, for the summer? Insider experience and NYC exposure!
I may be in denial, but maybe the headache I've had for a week has absolutely nothing to do with finally developing Austin allergies.
Join my group, Walk East, for the release of our debut cd. Sunday, Jan 29. 4pm. Jerry's in Wicker Park.
"You put the toilet seat down before I put you down!"
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
Good night everyone ya estoy muy cansado going to sleep why tomorrow school I like much much study for my future
Mayo needs to leave the 3 pointers to Conley!
It's so funny how boys would rather have a naive, airhead girl instead of a goal oriented young woman.
I'm dropping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!! Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !
Obtaining your online MBA is popular due to its ability to increase your earning potential.
follow me
Once or twice, sure. This blows.
Aww, I Love My Job!!!
fa sho! You going back for graduation? I'll be hitting that too.. If not I'll catch u when I get back..
So far these acts suck.
Thanks! Share it with your friends =)
best tweet I heard about all week "The rapture was postponed due to weather"
My brother Dion is a bumm dude always asking for a dollar lmao
I would like to thank God first and everyone else who came to support and made my birthday a success. 2 many people to name though. love ya
And this is why I love march madness!! Now let's go Detroit, make it 3/4 for the #15 seeds
hahah just saw this. I love it ;)
Just acquired 10 vols. of Thomas Jefferson (complete writings of). Quarter leather. This has gotta be the town for it.
Talking to your child about what she's doing with her toys helps grow vocabulary.
na I kinda like it ;D lol
Be true to thyself.
Unknown~ Fashion is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Small thinkers do not get big breaks.
Call of duty blacks ops 2 is crazy
Or get an alembic... Your choice.
I like your determination for the cause. But, now I'm scared to read anything on Twitter!
You're up early Dharma. How goes your fitness goals?
Tonight! At The Boro Bar & Grill w/ , & 9pm 21+ $5. Support local music!
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need baby-sitters and too young to borrow the family car.
You want in on this beta? Email me. RT : We're ready to roll out the scientifically-awesome beta in the next 24 hours!
#MenAtWork looks so stupid.....sorry TBS
“As my coffee cup said this morning, you only regret the things you didn’t do. This cup was made from recycled toilet paper.”
"To share wisdom with someone who is foolish, is to throw the seeds of a flower into a toilet and flush." ~ Elisha Hale
I'm so hungry ! D; bring me food & ill love you forever.
now it's time for a new bio
You cant be petty and be the team leader, the leader sometime's has to take sacrifice's.
Great Cause! Do it.
I'm good how are.?4th of July
Changing how we teach is about producing a different, improved outcome- not a new way or better way to produce the same outcome.
RT : So restaurant week is over today & I didn't go anywhere.. *shrugs*<---me either blame
it's 11:11 and everyone here is still up. , , and my wish is for you to grab a beer with us
I already have the basic story down, so that is when I develop it a bit more…then start on a beat sheet/treatment. This part is (cont'd)
brother stay focused you look great at the Arnold
Nice to meet you too. Tis a great day in our fair area of the country....
Do NOT judge me if you do NOT know me
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th. Get calendars ready..more info to come! Free food & drinks.
I love your show. So inspirational and the First Lady is so gracious and kind to the contestants.
You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store. Just ask us how!...
teaching gymnastics!
After biking & running through Edgewater Park/Whiskey Island the past few days, I could never see myself living in a non-waterfront city.
Great season brother. Thought you fought extremely hard tonight.
Nah not tonight... Pretty tired... U know of any?
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
I am much too nice for my own good. Goodness, I should have seen this one coming.
Where's the love for the UCF students? J/k thanks.
probs the Abbey. We're kinda sucking it up... no cover charge, and honestly, would ANYONE recognize us after three months?
HEAD THROBBING AND AGGERVATED :/ um my split personality is about to emerge in 5 4 3 2....
Had a nice meeting today with Terry about the 6500 S Eberhart Nat'l Register nomination, which I'm now working on.
no offense but i only care about dylan peyton and austin lol
Thanks for the 1.6k. stay sexy guys.
ya sure, we just gotta get the extra passes first
I hope that was a tiny jig. :)
Work time
Can't release my sex tape because an animal was harmed during filming :(
Great job USA!! On to the finals on Sunday!
Having a blast editing pictures with !
You realize you are giving links to the spammers in your blog posts. It's the best PR they can get. Hope you nofollow them
Plz help me spread the word that ima b 30 on 9-29! Let's c if will tweet me a happy 30th! Would b my dream come true ;)
C'mon SAG! RT : Just finished Scorp May 2012 for www.AstrologyZone, now beginning Sagittarius--takes time.May's a great month!
What, you weren't stoked about that live Il Volo album that came today from Geffen? So jaded.
Hello Toby: The video on your site about the widower and the broken camera was amazing.
Loved your talk tonight -- so sorry I had to catch my train #liveinthesticks. Happy to oblige if you want to visit Charcot tmw.
me please? :3
hey lady..everything going ok?
founder Jeremy Brosowsky "compost isn't an end it's a means" at
Thank you for the wireless in the exhibit hall!
voodoo economics. i hope this doesn't wake you but i cant sleep!
Majorly approached once when doing boys! What did they do on the court , they watched the game they know why
no prob bro
#MorningMotivation - We must redefine community success; not by what we dominate, but by the harmony we create. Are you creating harmony?
Feel like punching you but kissing you at the same time. I miss you. I miss us.
The ticket is $118 dollars :)
follow me please? :D
Awww... Takes one to know one! (and you may have meant to brag... Just a little). :-) Thanks again for the yummy food!
Yea me too! And I honestly tried, I even went and stayed a week with him so God saw my efforts and now I'm done!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when that random white person who tries to act ghetto but fails
Should you expect the right to privacy or is that an and out dated concept?
Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you. -Nietzsche
Thanks for the follow, hope you guys/gals are having a great year!
World Peace out here flourishing
Thank you and to you and the family! Has a gift card for there so we must go back!!! :-)
Checking in @ D'Amore's Pizza on Beverly E of Bev Cntr, closest to T-Anthony's in Boston I'm gonna get. Chiklis...you Must Try!
It's a superfine sugar, typically available in the UK. Not as fine as confectioners. U can pulse regular sugar..
If you think your friends are better than mine, you are so wrong
Today's Episode: #momstrosity attempts to pay bills online, but the system starts "to really piss her off" customer service beware!
Just got my wisdom teeth out. That wasn't as bad as I thought... Any suggestions for food?
Wait, is there really an app for that?
Happy Friday everyone!!
Everyone deserves a second chance, i just hope you do right that second time around
Christian is my favorite.
At least two-vehuicle crash on I 90 at stateline has southbound traffic stopped for 6 miles.
RT : Congrats 2 our chapter 4 winning Overall Excellence n Leadership & Programming from National's Chapter Excellence Awards!
I know i spelled his name wrong haha my bad!
probably, we're fat.
#shoutout to the sista that was just driving next to me bumpin 'Whateva Man'
Thx for the follow! Looking for a class for me and my 12 yr old nephew. Anything coming up??
Is in desperate need for some coffee. Anyone cares to join me?
I meant to say ..... FUCK YEAH #KNICKS !
you're such a groupie
aww eff it listen to Buju Banton T>T> WANNA BE LOVED
Hope you're feeling better soon!
And chocolate and handsome, kind men who love us more than their own fears. Yep. That will do just fine.
Kristine, you said months ago that you were resigned & I accepted that then & now; without optimism.
I don't agree w/ that kind of talk. But the hate goes both ways. Calling on fellow republican to do the same would be a start
Watched a kid totally loose his cool over a squirrel & chase it up a tree. A combo of my favorite things: enthusiasm, babies, & squirrels.
Nice! "The Cream of the Crap."
Right after this Rihanna song...be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win B.o.B. tickets for the Springfest 2012 show at RIT! Good luck!
Cats make me hard...no no no I meant my homework is hard.
Fun fact! Did you know the owner of 1stclassrental is an NYU student? He speaks 5 languages and owns a private VC company in Europe.
Not a clue.
Pleased to make your acquaintance thx for the follow, happy dancing!
i Loved the way you lied last summer,
Rangers are on fire!!!
Programmatically assigning genre terms. Once the book-level dmdSec is assigning by hand then using xquery to add at chapter level dmdSecs
go to too much yea im icy on youtube
all of the conversations that I have seen correlate with the perspective that "transgendered" is obnoxious & offensive.
Thanks!! Tweeting is so collaborative, isn't it?!
When people call someone gay not only are they offending that person but also offending gay people around the world. RT if you
they got the stupidedest shows on tv no days
thank you. We did it quickly, but had a lot of fun doing it. Will do more very soon
Just landed in LA to HAIL
Welcome to our store. We hope you had a nice New Years. Let us know if you have any questions while shopping.
Had a great weekend 2 of our players are soon to sign with Cuyahoga junior college in Cleveland OH 3 others will sign with Clinton Juco
yaaay done science (y)
they turned off all the lights and then they snuck there hahaha
trust me i know
Any MAM1's have their Tracy Company 990 and willing to part with it TODAY?
Because I kno it's the truth
I will not tip toe through life to safely arrive at death. Join Extreme Moms today and start truly living. Extrememoms.org
": The left handed fastball mano ginobli threw last night>>>>" he's awesome. That one makes his career highlights.
NEW Flavors in the line up this week: Cookie Dough Extreme/Red Red Wine/Tropical Pineapple/gf PB Bender/ v Vanilla Bean/gf v Trop Pineapple
AWESOME review! Glad we can keep up with you hooligans
“: I just did a wedding...haven't mitzvah'd yet!!” Let me know when the next wedding is so I can crash it ;)
Romney talks down on politicians who "go from state to state and promise what people want to hear." He needs to youtube himself bad.
My niece a damn thug bruh she over here rappin rick ross tupac back 0_o lol
Still talking teachers and tenure - a question about funding for the blind is forthcoming...
texting my brother :)
yea, ima try, but that probably won't be until like august iif I do
you should switch it to 7. then it would be biblical.
Got a big announcement for you folks tomorrow. Big news! Stay tuned....
ohh stop, no you dont. You're gorgeous bebe!!! Lmao that you did a "comparison photo" wanna retweet it!!!
really da grizzlies supposed 2 be 2-0. da clippers cant beat them folks mane. they just got lucky last game
#fans ...please keep greyson and his family in OK. in ur prayers tonight.
#TebowGotTradedFor A Box of Buttered popcorn and 2 tickets to see the Bobcats !!!
Creativity at its best ;) Let em roll, save the bass for the pipe, stand in command w/ the clan, bow wow
The class act. Dud.
I learned something this weekend. The older you get, the harder it is to look good in a swimsuit...but the easier it is to not care!
My thoughts exactly!
Very cool! Congrats to your friend and have a blast at the wedding!! :)
What an AMAZING day! We had 13 people sign up for the January Focus Training!! We are so excited to see the transformation in these lives!
Ouch... RT : This is a first. Houston Hoops doing the old roll the ball up the floor to save time and they roll it out of bounds
You love me. :D
Swag it out N3RD is the W0rd!!!
translucent powder or MSF?
too much to list!
So proud of you for honoring the victims and survivors today.
Ya u got it.....that might b the thing.....thats why he is the combination of all three of them
ah thanks man. i just changed it.
"The pen is the tongue of the mind." -- Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet and playwright
Some rumors are hilarious. Just Grow Up Yeah?
Saw Case 39....pretty good movie. Any1 else see it yet?
NEW SONG COMING TOMORROW!!!
it's the annual meeting of the continuing education forum, which was hosted in jackson, ms this year.
They r lookn for Friday Frm the Hump Day slot, of crse! LOL
The less you care, the happier you will be.
Yup they still got it!!
i will be there soon to catch #LaSelecta #ElSalvador play on May 23rd
Strangely, we need challenges in order 2grow; w/ growth we wither. Happiness is the bounty 4facing the momentarily unhappy conditions-KCasey
I think a few of my followers are drunk. All of these tweets definitely are out the ordinary for them. Even this late at night.
Chris Christie: Tenacity or Ten Ass City?
I'm really going hard to get into shape. I'm taking my shirt off in 2012 damnit! Beach body grind
if I could retweet this I would!!
Im playing a gig till 11:30 in Austin, missing it but I agree! RT : who ya got? Im going pacman w/ a KO in the 7th
RT Blogger Heather says all PR pros should write their own blogs to know how to relate to bloggers they pitch.
We were. Sorry for the late reply!
Damn. Just realized what day it was xD
Good question. Some of it is natural. A lot a result of crossing the fine line of minutiae that do/do not need visual rep.
Easy 6 miler today. Out easy. Tried to pick it up a bunch on the way back. Need to run a few races soon.
Ah, thanks again.
The weather here is good to be outside yeah
Time to get a new UPS for my computer. Mine died last night in a fit of screeching rage.
Enough with the cutesy-chubby sidekicks, 3D animation studios.
I, Jake Simpson, am now being followed by I can now die complete. Or at least go to Resyk relatively happy.
I'm fine thanks, sorry for the late reply I was packing and getting ready. ♥
am cool wat abt u wat r u up to
BLACK being the operative word ": #TedNugent has agreed to plead guilty to transporting a black bear he illegally killed"
My Computer Virus Removal service is only $100, best price in town!
Just tapped boulevard chocolate ale and rogue chocolate ..... And we've got whiskey pants playing at 5!!!!
Hella late but Happy birthday to that man Drake. #GOODARTIST s/o
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation - Chicago Tribune
wow so many tweets for me. you guys are the best. it sucks that i cant get back at everyone but i will do my best. Love you all.
just heading to school i just hit my head on the roof of the car though :p what about you?
For real tho! RT : #ChrisBrown needs to create a workout DVD.
let's get it ! WAR the #mohrstories!
Back to reality...
i've been parking outside for years and I just got one of those too. What the hell, right?
a proper bikini wax
Guilty pleasure is watching "I'm on a Boat" - believe me when I say I f*cked a mermaid. Classic.
Reading about Mexico's popular hero, Superbario in Lucha Libre reminds me of a certain #SheboyganNorth high school sophomore summer trip!!
Thank you , you rule!
- Welcome Sandra! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey, it's Claires friend Tia. I was just gonna ask y'all to #PrayForClaire she is in the hospital and they rn't sure if she is gonna make it
Off work. Dr. Appts, here I come.
Thanks Adam! :-) RT : Really digging the new look.
I swear Miami would be unbeatable if they had a real gaurd who could run the pick N roll...Steve Nash to Heat?
“: Hey North Carolina your bans suck as much as your BBQ does.” Agreed. On both counts.
Meanwhile, HBK was a HORRIBLE referee.
hi you should move to tennessee
Feeling energized after our monthly library metrics meeting. Yes, I said metrics and energized in the same sentence.
everything ok over there? The iphone app showed me no albums in my collection then kicked me out and won't let me back in!
was just going to retweet that
I do not know much about ballets, but they tell me they are very good, and I know that some of their music is very beautiful. [1944]
Texas Chainsaw Massacre wit da main b!tch-
Its my life and my decisions so leave me alone about him...
I respect DennisMelcher ThurstonOhman MrsBowl and MrHobbs for always wanting the best for their student and athletes
Well I screwed up bigg timmeee...:/. Dont text please. Not in the mood to talk to anybody.
Make sure you do your research and never accept the first offer you receive
probably! Guess I just wasn't expecting it...
RT : RT : Guerrilla soldiers use unorthodox tactics. Gorilla soldiers are awesome.
first-snow-of-the-season tweet!
“: where is my mommiey ?”
Do you like Newt?
lol yea Vegas is pretty dry lol
Everybody think they know basketball....
Davis's party was funn:) except i'm thinking that I found my true friends. obviously some of the others there were bothered by my presence.
We Got Our Pads Today , Once Again My Pads Is Huge !
11 to be exact!
We don't need tents, we should ask for trailer homes instead. As someone put it, the people in tents will be homeless soon
Is Home
Screw this morning! I wanna start over,Im still sleepy!
#CF be free, be strong, be long. Never stop.
Paint a vulgar picture
Thank you California, for showing the nation a good example of what it means to be prepared for disasters! Utah, too! Great preparedness!!
CHECK OUT LATEST DESIGNS.. LINK.. SUPPORT.. MIAMI STAND UP..
you better be puffin whil you watch that shit
i wanna meet whats on the schefule for today?
Your main bitch < my new hoe.
Happy mother day to all the moms out there!'<3 (:
OMG A BUG JUST FLEW INTO MY EYE!
Happy 2012 to you all!!
It's awesome-time in my #turntable.fm dj booth! Playing some poppy global beats by
sounds good!
Win$tar was fun with made some money!! 😄
What a Great Rainy start to Sunday
Problem solved. I am starting my new job tomorrow, no more delay.
#Santorum: "Radical feminists undermined the traditional family & convinced women that professional accomplishments are the key to happiness
Thanks so much & for this great conference on key ingredients to open a restaurant!
Home after a fun and productive couple of days in Salt Lake City - can't wait to go back for 2012! Now, to readjust to EST...
note to #fresh12 team: the streaming video has been superb on this #event. am loving
A person who has had a bull by the tail once has learned 60 or 70 times as much as a person who hasn’t. ~Mark Twain
#USAToday Headline: Three More out at Secret Service. How many #hoes were they tappin' in Colombia!?
I hate it when I trip and fall into a life boat. Happens all the time.
fine I'll stick to cunt and pussy for now
Doctorow's thesis: "There are only computers."
Cal's 400th went to section 74. I was sitting in section 76.
Yes we are! :) Lots of fabulous women here!
GOP/TeaP we do not want to live in the 18th Century. It is the 21st Century. Get real or go away.
#offline. OCD needs their top alpha. Ciao!
Huntsman: "We're going to bounce back, we're going to do just fine. It's going to be because we as Americans join hands"
drawsome! See you in Hawaii!? :)
Thanks! i gave them permission to use it!
Happy Birthday to a great American and grill master,
I dunno, I hear things....if not, no big deal. It's not like I don't have anything to play haha.
starting to get bored with the stupid politics at these nightclubs in nyc. i should just move to cali:)
#CMchat question: When was the last time you sat parked in your car & couldn't get out because it "held" you?
Imagining if we were apart for months...Smh...couldn't do it.
Got cynical about tv tonight..if you leave candles burning the house might burn down. Come on people.
Better early than late..
When your climbing up a ladder and you ass begins to splatter.
Such a good day :)
My dog died today . Omg crying .
knowledge, no administers or classified employees have received pink slip nor has there been any pay decreeses for admin...
ppl @ my skool r saying tht the world will end tomorrow...is tht true? pls reply ur response!!!!
this is true. You're for Romney?
DJ CUT aka "The King of Albuquerque" spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
And we're back! Thanks to our hosting company, Host Gator, for their quick response! Go check out those weekend picks now... :)
Definitely a hot one today Remember to check on elderly & children
Event 4/20 : Zahid Chaudhary, "Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography & the Reproduction of Affect," 5pm, Bryan Hall Faculty Lounge
Very interesting
#808Pride GIRL tell him i said to kiss it cause he aint worth ur time nvm that tell him2put a ring on it!!!
Man, Nicki Minaj is everything wrong with music. Absolutely awful in every way.
Richmond Public Library book sale today. Need to stock up on old copies of Future Shock for the paperback fort I'm building.
Politics is no exact science.
Americans bring the funk[tioning democracy]
When a child or youth has discipline issues, they normally arent being shown attention or love at home.
Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, Sword
I had a delightful time, too! Thank you for the conversation and just being a wonderful person all around! :)
Installed R because it runs the stat model I need, but that's one nerdy piece of software.
I'll just let the Internet do its thing on this tweet.. Take it away twitter.
thanks for reading about the #kindness party (: Hope you join us!
ha! Classic. But you love it!!
in my e-40 voice# i don't wanna be ya man i'm only here for a one night stand
then dont believe me .
Late replies<<<< it really takes you 4-5 hours to respond...oh solid-__-
Tune in to tonight to hear Folk Traditions, featuring Martinů's Duo for Vln/Vla, Dvořák's Op. 48, and Smetana's Czech Dances.
hahaaa we'll see. The ladies in my fam have been blessed with tremendous metabolism though
Re-tweet this Milwaukee Locals - Subscribe for FREE to GoCity Mobile text alerts - TEXT GoCity to 84444 to join GO!
I love you all thank you so much!
the awkward moment when you meet a guy and you start flirting and then you find out he's gay..... <<<<<<
Drunk city.
Good day to spend time in line at #Nats Park in CF plaza
idk why my twitter keep unfollowin people !
I can't spell. Blekko. RT : Anyone use Blekko before? I've heard good things from other journos.
Supt Ray: Regardless if color, kids act out when the lessons designed are not working. Not a color issue. Applause.
You don't think it is? Judging by that show for his announcement I figured that was a given.
I will have something later tonight.
Enjoy. Riding, that is.
#1DAY ! RT if you know what its for(;
You can, but you have to start the thread on the posting of the item when it hits the group. Going to be better soon.
whats going down people, Caliburr will be performing January 16th, at Club 6 in San Fransisco, hit us up for tickets, $10 each
Schneiders Bakery in Westerville are pretty boss!
Oh where....is my hairbrush?
thanks shayla!! xo
Im so booooredd.
great meeting you! thanks for showing us your 7inch tablet. Got some fixing to do :)
#gtchat #errolmorris for my 9th graders - Don't forget
i love getting ur goodmorning tweets everyday on my phone (: RT? <3
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect Sunday in Seattle?? /Belltown: 10am Spin + 11am Flow Yoga : 10am Beginner Yoga with Trudy
I can tell u its true she never cheats on prep
I have so many reasons to not wanna go to my game...
I'd be for that, so long as cars pay proportionately for their use/damage to roads (per-mile tax, etc).
Melissa McCarthy just nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for Bridesmaids! Yes!!!!
Zephyr Lynne Foster, 2002-2012. We said goodbye today to the most wonderful dog, always patient and caring, even in her final days.
alright, good night. that rhymes
Got to chop it up with Jeff Phelps and Campy after the #Cavs game, too bad we lost by 70.
HAHA did I leave out the @? Sheesh
RT : RT : That moment when Louis sings 'harder' in Moments is better than my whole existence.
I heard they're what colored kids do, I dunno, don't hang around em for that reason
Jessica Korda wins first LPGA title. Projected to jump from 285th to 30th in the world ranking, sixth youngest winner in LPGA Tour history
Thanks very much Autumn
watch the attitude katy perry.
Listening to replay of 9th inning of #White Sox game. Perfect game but announcer Ed Farmer makes me so happy we have
Is it one kiss or 3 kisses?
Supies with Erin
Yeah that's gotta be true. This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole.
lol she did though ha and I will talk to my AP thanks for the advice!
I will call it a woefully inadequite portrait of Geny. To say the least she is the greatest thing that ever happened to me in my life
Beautiful unexpressed love… that is what is waiting deep inside each of you. Jennifer Starlight
So that property law makes more sense, I drink the bitter cup of heroism before class.
good luck the errands today. Last night's talk about CA songs w/ has me researching the best ones on train.
#InOurGeneration People vote for someone "cause he's black".
lets go LIONS!!! It's not over till it's over... I believe!!!
Pooh over here acting a fool!
No. im not going to wish karma on you. I dont think you'd be able to handle the shit you dish out
That's pretty dang good. I probably wouldn't be able to learn to play it in 3 years. LOL
It's heart breaking that an Ohio 10-yr old admitted shooting his mom to death. The weapon was a Christmas gift.
That is great, Jeff! Have you noticed any increase in traffic or subscribers since moving to Thesis?
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Please clarify your position and hold Limbaugh accountable.
#HCG Tip! Some cuts of steak are better than others. The best are filet mignon, flank steak, top round, top sirloin & tenderloin.
thanks for submitting to us! Hope you enjoy the issue.
This a good game!!
When you get a run in your tights <<<<<
Thank you for all your hard work! I really appreciate it!
Director Eric Bricker tonight at Design Within Reach, Flatiron Store, 903 Broadway at 20th St.
Hotel booked in Hell's Kitchen
On the phone with Shaq.
What? It's not like we were going to embroider a cat on the tote bag! Please.
I'm a huge fan! Your vanilla bars have been a game changer! Happy National Heart Health month!
Mortenson says playing Pro Bowl game is on life support at best, probably done. Good riddance.
And I told him that a "whore is when your shoes come untied" so who told him what a whore was and who's discussing the bible with my son?
“: So proud of my son a champion to his core!!”//thank you thank you.
I love technology :)
Diana Sawyer tossed it immediately to the new ModFam. Now they're playing the last 10 min of the Cam's mom epi.
due to weather issues in Las Cruces, NM the #WAC Softball Tourney format will be updated, no game 6 today, will be moved to tomorrow
Looks like I'm going home today
Tonight on 10 Late Edition: A new ruling in Urbandale over store signs gives retailers hope for the holidays!!
Great to see you yesterday! Thanks for helping us with Harvest Dinner. We appreciate you.
have aztecs shown interest in elijah brown?
I need to go to bed.
RT: I'm not anti-social, I just think you suck.
also like sweet jeanius on Facebook for menu!!
Gotta say I love my life, my friends that I actually have, my respected family that actually loves me, my future is bright and my past good.
Worries go down better with soup. ~Jewish Proverb
When you #love yourself, you don't settle for less ;)
It's a good thing no one else is working upstairs today - I would be the only one enjoying this karaoke party.
it's Super Bowl Sunday! How about Sunday after next?
lol RT : 2 seasons into Sons of Anarchy & it has made me want 1) a motorcycle 2) a stockpile of guns & 3) leather & lots of it
So tired :/
it's hard to talk to someone when you feel like they don't care #mehhh :(
oh okay, where can we see some of your work?
I must look like Cinderella sweeping the driveway&sidewalk b/c everyone stopping&starting.. Don't act like y'all don't do it, I've seen it..
Never was one to think long term until now. That's not to say I never thought about it but.... Just not like this. I need a life. I need
Sure sign that Spring is near - saw picnic tables being delivered to a snowball stand today.
could be a pro bowl special teams punt return wide out/TE trick play guy, pryor ??? Thoughts
Thanks alot Jerry! :] sorry just been promoting like a mutha fucka. :]
Why? Cuz I'm listening to the crazy happy bouncy music? :D
Dear bring back the old Field Chopped Chicken Salad. Show me the power of social media!
... The hit-and-run was on the 13th not yesterday. I know I know, but facts are cool too. Terribly tragic.
So hard to decide what color my blog should be. All of the themes are so pretty!!
Happy easter everyone! gotta go find my eggs in the morningg haha jk
its my favorite book ever. Hands down.
Just more of your dat-to/day lives! Love you all!: What would everyone like to see on a future SW episode? The Browns would li
hey do you think there's any utility for the in an alpine skiing environment?
Worried about Pedro's jherri curl catching fire. Love me some Pedro. #justletyoursoulglow RT Pedro Martinez hates attention.
hahahahaahah ME TOO!!! Can't wait to see you!!!
no problem!(:
If we were to start selling some DAB merch, would you guys buy it? 😊
Carl Gottlieb and I sold the book, "The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers." It is workbook for writers, actors, directors and producers.
End of semester 1 folks! Congrats to all...we made it! Now, let's party!
What makes me sick is that you don't have the courage of your convictions. Either stand behind your words, or don't bother.
Let’s go take a walk. How lucky we are to be born! The journey is such a beautiful one, from cradle to grave.
crap wrong account lol
Congrats to Future Hall of Famer Jim Thome on career homerun #600!
when is the new website due out?
I'd like to see the production. Wonder if they'll release a DVD/Blu-ray...
Teen booster for meningococcal vaccine very important! Gives significant increase in protection 3-5 yrs after shot.
Monette Marino-Keita plays for my dance class in San Diego when she is not touring the world. www.tribalenergycardio.com
Thanks for your help! Hopefully we can add to the family
RT i would pay real money to get rid of FB timeline.>>>How about just get rid of Facebook?
Math homework..
The Hilton San Diego Resort & Spa is undergoing an extensive property renovation.
" Be patient, because when that time comes, it will come on time."
my use of would be significantly limited anyway because of the carseat factor. Don't see being car-free happening now
you're saying you'll buy me the $500 copper kitchen aid mixer I registered for?! Mike, that's so sweet!
I wish my eye wasn't broke...
those feet were into shoes before shoes were cool
You must establish your season by speaking it.
RT : Damn the prius c gets 53 miles a gallon.. I need to re-evaluate my vehicle situation right now-->2 much Pride!!
We had a great time playing Richmond over the weekend. Thanks Lobo Marino, , and for helping make it happen!
Typos are what #NaNoWriMo is all about!! :P
Let us rejoice in his love, that pervades the whole universe - subtle as the sunlight, life-giving as the air. (1850)
you cant even do that cause your locked up thing. Lol
Omg I LOVE her eyes :)
Total recall reboot w/ colin farrel is actually happening. Dream casting = charlie sheen as kuato.
Hey! DJs! Play our shit! Then tell us about it!
The problem with it is I ALWAYS get the hardest test out there. That's unfair to me. If I fail, I'm blaming it all on NC for their ignorance
need to shave my head Veronica Ely where are you to help!.
I may be sad but I'm not weak .
Finally the semester is over.
Divided States of America: President approves of gay marriage. But 31 of 50 States have adopted constitutional bans against it.
Don’t miss your three favorite magazines, , and together in booth #634 next week !
People gone talk so fuck it, let'em. Its not about what they call you, its what you answer too that matters. Remember that!
Evidently a slip n slide is a huge amount of fun for parents who are stressed out after a long busy day
That's a cool way to spend the year. More people should embrace your 2012 philosophy—myself included.
am and he is We both gotz Little in our name just sayin
Just watched The Help - so THAT'S what all the fuss was about. Flawless filmmaking.
possibly.. I've got some big school projects I can only work on at school during the next few days; I'll hafta see how far I get
Bout to go route for one of my home teams lets go WIZ❕❕❕
You're welcome! Also, saw your blog. LOVE the Ashley Judd piece. I've been on Prednisone too. People need to BACK OFF of her.
About to do this work out call #insanity legoo
T? yes! don't you think, Jack? RT : Barcelona? I wanna go too!! Esp if Mikey's paying! :)
I went to my first roller derby bout. Ever been? I strongly suggest it!
Preamble doesnt mention Church. must prove "obligations to our Divine Lord" entail prohib. of gay marriage
Its like this every morning
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 49
Going to Dairy Queen with katie. gonna get mocha moo lattes
well I'm sure california is better than detroit anyday
now i am going to rest, food makes ya want to sleep.
Was it a flying black squirrel? #toosoon?
<3 thanks a gazillion email was sent!
and that's why they was some pussy ass fights.. Go to Orlando shit way live
Unless I have a comment, or I am unsure of the source, I prefer to RT the original tweet, as opposed to adding an "RT" without comment.
Did u know you can "like" a Fbook page via text? Just text "like PacePresents" to FBOOK (32665) to try it out! Tell your own fans to do it!
I think that deserves a :D and a high five!
The origin stories ate great. Are you reading Avengers vs X-Men?
Me to Obama: "Mr President I'd rather shrink the size of my own d*ck than shrink the size of our military".
Have fun! Glad to see you are living the dream. Tell "what's up"
#ICantStandPeople Who Fuck Too Many Ppl In One Day!
Another kennedy dead ?
lame guidelines
With lockouts, college f'ball still havin a mythical champ,& college b'ball void of past talent, are we in 1 of the worst sports eras ever?
prfct msg by today. we r told by God to share good news thru faith & DEEDS: do not be timid--witness bravely.
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri to AMLO: ... you should had invested in public transit, I'm for the toll (EdoMex priv funded 2nd floor hwy)"
Dont limit investing to the financial world. Invest something of yourself, and you will be richly rewarded.
Didn't say they're ALL dead, or that all committed suicide, but 3 out of 6 are dead.
Thank you for spreading the word and being part of the revolution :)
People who scared of the truth<<<<
Ron Paul : Preaching the 'Gospel of Liberty'. Amen. #tcot #NBCfbdebate Don't worry, Ron - we already know you are.
Reverse food commods market deregulation: FAO head
thanks for the mention!
Q: What's another name for pickled bread? A: Dill-dough.
Wish you could have it after work--I'd definitely join!
Thanks girl sorry I didn't get back to ya sooner! Hope your day was great
I'm going with: Rock, Undertaker, CM Punk... you?
is enjoying Tuesday in sunny Iraq - ready for TOP 3 shift tonight. Welcome back Weed!
:P What r u insecure about ?
Uncanny valley - One neighbor's yard is lush green With pea soup lawn die.
Okay. Okay. All hail me.
Here we go with the new timeline design - ready or not.
Hug your brother and sister it's National Siblings Day!
I rely on my network 2 keep me posted & hold me accountable, thx 4 doing both...BTW I also love the #arts & follow sports too
Happy Friday! please visit our website www.opalgroup.net to see a list of our upcoming conferences.
I know. I graduate next Saturday. CW is trying to get me to have a party or dinner, but I'm just not feeling it.
completely DONE w/ him...never wanted you...never needed you...better off without him. #startingover ;)
I've recently reviewed - Enterprise PC Backup. It's a solid solution that addresses the problem in a very innovative & elegant way.
I'd be concerned too but oh well, can't wait to see the best sister ever later!!!!!!! 😃
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
#RHOA #Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
why you got a password anyways
thankyou so much for coming out to Australia, you were amazing, blew my expectations out of the water! Safe trip home :)
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 6:04 PM using Waze - Drive Social
It's either get married or go to jail
Pray positive Stay Alert. #laughter sounds great
Man I HATE the caps. We need to how up in game 7.
hi TJ, what are you up to? School today right?
i wish i could go earlier but because of school i'm leaving at 5 and yes i am actually :) i really wanna help out and stuff.
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at561-748-8801will ship any where in USA
much respect homie!
my life is really improving now that my phone's wallpaper photo is samuel beckett wearing shorts
this is truth and w/o confrontation there is no resolution but all have to participate to achv reso
Listening to the #Borderlands soundtrack while returning materials to the vaults at work makes life so much more exciting.
Did u heck out Sticker Mule
We are partnering with Central City Concern in to bring free dental care to veterans, #Portland #StandDown Fair, Convention Ctr.
Who is ready for a FAT WOW headliner ? who else do you wanna see on the bill?
Hate that I missed last night... Looked like a great convo!
I hope it be hot in Michigan when I come
good job!
Getting ready for the Glastonbury (CT) On the Green Fine Art & Craft show this weekend - booth 55A!
how did u do that?
well veteran gasol not helping at all. Laker fan but not really a good team. Okc might sweep them.
Just got a molar removed!
Just heard speak and do a great town hall meeting at the #whitehouse for the annual conference
i'll add that to the menu...
Wonder why ratings down 18%. Lots of complaints on the internet.
RT : TV remote lost in my sheets <<
Claudia, did you dye your hair back brown?
Everything I own is pink.
I really want to get drunk. o;
those shoes cost 1500....lucky me is dark in here
If you see hear a door quietly closing and/or see your list of Followers declining, it might be me. Better Follow back before it's too . . .
Awww #RIP Thomas Kinkade. Now lifetime/hallmark will be playing that cheesy movie about your life.
...and a dozen assholes in downtown Seattle play up to the media & help set back the acceptance of civil discourse 40 years. Thanks assholes
Kiwi's are Rich in vitamin C, antioxidant, enzymes and fiber; also vitamin A and E, phosphorus, magnesium, potassium and copper.
i can't wait to the stickam :)
I tied for first in the egg hunt!
#chillday gym later..
We're currently experiencing problems with our API key signup process. We'll have it back up shortly.
Omg i'm apart of the f**king TeenNavy !!! #Winning ;)
Hope u are enjoying your Svelte shakes from the pick-me-up drop off last week ! Can't wait to hear what u think!
Good to know. Thanks!
This whole web design and figuring out how to blog about my personal life? Not as much fun as you'd think. Back to the fiction.
OHMYGOSHHH my parents had me scared i did something on the way from school, told me to go in my room and there was a PUPPY. FINALLY<3
The average person feels the need to have chips or sweets while watching TV, I prefer a couple pickles. XD
Hi Devin - Thanks for the follow. I'll check out your trailer.
hope u feel better,and I didn't ask him
He is awful! How in the world did he get hired?
Having a first & last name with an equal amount of letters. >
Ellis sets Faulkner down for the first out.
did you send us your first tweet to us? nice!
you're the best!!! <3
Thank you very much. Please know I don't speak other languages, but I will try ;) Enjoy the weekend
RT : Check hashtags #1khomesVA and #RVA today, Tuesday and Wednesday to keep up on Richmond registry week. Go team!
Watch a movie or go for a run? Im leaning towards a run...something is wrong with me
This is all so perfect I actually really want this to happen so much :(((
I just wanted to make sure you were aware that Andre Miller passed Mo Cheeks for 10th on the All Time Assists list tonight
2cor2:14 thanks be to God, who always leads us in triumphal procession, and through us spreads the fragrance of knowledge of him...
Oh that dollar menu?
Get the HEAT Players in foul trouble... C'MON Let's be MORE AGGRESSIVE #KNICKS !
Have you purchased your tickets for Friday's Country Comedy Tour?! If not go to our website or come to the box office open 9-5pm!
Do tell!
can't wait for #LetsBeAnimals April 26!!!
And she told me she loved me, and she gave me my money back
It is impossible to eat an apple quietly.
I can't wait for Christmas break! 5 more days!
We KNOW standardized tests = lousy predictor of student success - see Daily Beast for a disgusting example of cheating from Michelle Rhee.
Front Desk Thurs: Question of my day - "Why is the Arctic Circle so important?"
I feel like I haven't been on here in some months & it's only been two days lol
But u stay calling my phne from different #'s bc I wnt answer urs
stay focused superstar
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
Todays location! Sunset and Valley View! See you there, and if not have a great weekend!
thank you for the app! Free to chat sometime?
how u and the baby?
Will just declared this the "best day ever"...since he got to see & play with the boys!! :)
What can unions do for sex workers?
Apparently, someone left the door open and Monday sneaked in. Again.
Still a headcase & has yet to have a good outing “: Don't understand the Parra hate. RT : scary we rely on Parra”
You're cute.
I'll let you know when I get organized with it.
Got it. Props to madukes for regulating. Don't have to go out for Celtics or Rangers. That's a win.
I'm your girlfriend..is that not enough to make you happy? :(
Just woke up from sleeping all day. Back listening to QuadJacks again. Would be ready to play but thanks to the DOJ that won't happen. :(
how about the Ghoulish Gallop in October?
Branding tip: What makes you unique as an artist? Can you consistently deliver that your fans?
Thank you CBM, took this pic on our Bermuda cruise this week :)
Cheating, lying, boozing, crying. All things that make great songs and episodes of
you're welcome. good luck today!
Latest album from my youth that I am now repeatedly listening to whenever I drive somewhere in my car: Depeche Mode's 'Black Celebration.'
Uuummmmmmmmmm I'm sorry just because I compliment you does not mean I'm hitting on you psh!!!!!! #SMH!!!!
Congrats to all the athletes signing today. Good luck at your next stop
Jeez. $SPAH just going and going and going. Interesting action there.
THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD TV SHOWS ON RIGHT NOW! We are turning into crazy cat ladies.
There's always something in the works, but nothing huge right now. Mostly travel, reality and commercials!
you ok?
R.I.P RMS Titanic
Work is so slow .. what am I here for ?!?
all niter...atleast i broke it up wit a skate
Im making moves
Ice storm in New Hampshire. Power is out for many residents. Our area seems lucky compared to other towns in the area.
Eucharist at today: pastor stands at the altar as the congregation calls out their favorite Jesus stories. Cue tears.
Is your business/company having an anniversary? 8 or less, 2 or more... we are offering complimentary service to 2 businesses
The John Edwards trial reads like a trashy novel...
Congrats to #JackBlack for picking the winning #KentuckyDerby horse based on his favorite phrase... "I'll Have Another"
Therapist has space to share, across the road from Old Town, hub zone dm if interested
suck it up. I belive in you. Plus if it was tough love, I'd be there yelling it to you and not be in school lol
Back in Dallas in war room ...time for 5 special ESM clients to find a home..r brooks, j chapman, Kelcie McCray, lionel smith & Mario Louis
I will be drinking manhattans later though so that's good
TY for the RT! Lets spread good food news!
Off to El Sap for some taco's guadalajara.
Don't worry about tomorrow. Whatever you need, God will provide you with. If you ask in faith believing, God will fill your needs.
Let us be your Bulk Mail handling service provider. 505-899-3104
Yeah,I agree. If priv. is brought up irrelevantly just to discredit someone without addressing her arg., it's priv. baiting.
today got up from a dream about an commercial in which was break-dancing; it was the most hilarious commercial ever
+ = my new favorite Sportscenter duo.
but much:O
Wow, just realized between ShopDiscover, regular Discover cashback and Expedia Elite Rewards, getting 8% back on Expedia travel packages :)
sista, i hear ya! sometimes there is no time to come up for air! yes, the 22nd of may it is! looking forward to it!
Missed the first half of this Arsenal/Spurs game. That RVP goal was a beaut
“: It's time to let two people have a relationship without a third opinion.”
.. Leah we need to catch up you up on my life!
One call does it all. See for yourself (310) 801-1868!
Wife casting her ballot now. Reminds me, please vote for if you live in D.7
More powerful than two Cleopatras...
Dark Shadows was slow but Helen Bonham Carter got drunk a lot, so that's fun.
adorable ..thanks!
Thank you to all our fans! 2012 New Years Countdown has over 850,000 fireworks shot off so far and there's still 16 days left til 2012!!!
Happy Mothers Day to my two bestfriends & the best mothers eevarrr!!!
Just so you know Bella , xxbcnxx is me Johnny M. Xoxo
or even carrier pigeon would have worked
I'm not extremely far but I'm not close at all either :/. I live dead in the middle of the country -_-
I need to make it to 900 followers... help me out!!!
arvo2010: Assessment of Macular Recovery Time After Photostress by Foveal L-Cone Dark Adaptation in... - Michael J Byrnes, May 3, D683
i need a cuddle buddy to stay up with me all night & watch movies.
do you have any interests in selling touch screens for assistive purposes?
Aloha! RT : Want to be one of the first to say 'Aloha' to as she lands in Hawaii. Have a great time, Gray!
FOLLOW _____ _______ he has an AMAZING voice!!!!!!______________!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!!! Season finale of #GossipGirl is going to be ridiculous!!!
Hella time to kill before prom!
I popped a blood vessel in my eye ):
#middlefingerup to Cancer, and people who believe beauty is only on the outside
Our monthly give away contest starts April 1st for Twitters followers. All you have to do is Retweet this message and you are entered !
I hope that you will achieve in your goals and wishes in 2012. Have a happy, healthy, peaceful fruitful and creative new year!
I have no friends lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the KJAY Christmas party tonight! Fun times & great company!
I heard the same. We should really discuss going to a show sometime.
I hate being here right now
your on a goosby tweet streak
Can't wait to see everyone, all purtied up and all!!
S/O to Kenny Johnson! New Asst Coach @ Indiana. Great dude, great coach...will continue to do great things. Best to Doreen and the boys..
Hi - AWESOME job on SNL - glad you're on a comeback: Can u bring back your red hair?
Even stoners can raise awareness #STOPJOSEPHKONY2012 begins on the night of 4/20
i'm currently reading this masterpiece call ART OF WAR by Sun Tzu about life on how to strategize without a doubt.
We are trying it out this time - see howit goes and how much time we have to actually send tweets. Should be interesting...
3 to go and you'll know.
congrats on the game frat! 06!
in sac bumpin my boy #actfoolish Yea yeah!!!
"Community health centers need the moral and financial support of people in WA state." - Dr. Julian Perez
Office work up in the Bowling Alley all day then working behind the counter at 6. Come say hi! Mission Bowling Club 17th & S. Van Ness.
Man - live it up. It's all down hill after 25! Haha...
I want to move to MI ayyo...
was that suppose to go to me? Lol
Hope you are having a beautiful first of March day!!!
GEE, YOU THINK?? @ aclupa #PAHouse GOP leader Turzai says hb 1077 (#ultrasound b4 #abortion) going back to cmt due to medical concerns.
Another night all alone....
How about a taste explosion of the McCafe Mango Pineapple Real Fruit Smoothie to top off a great day?
cover letter, cover letter, resume, twitter. resume, cover letter, wine. cover letter.
Education is the transmission of civilization
&larr; Very Nice Digital Clock DVR Protect Your Family
Honeycrisps are so juicy right now!
ugh i wish i lived in NY!!!! how is the photoshoot??? im guessing no AUSTREAM today???? :( LOVE YOU!!! <3
You will be missed- more fun events to come! Have fun in Florida and hope to meet you soon!
#SomeFactsAboutMe I was always late, until I got a ! Now I always know what time it is.
Caroline Davis is #killingit with the Patricia Barber band at the Green Mill. Seriously.
I think Hollie is better than Jessica. It's just my opinion on personal music taste.
We both desperately want to hold this marriage together but how, when we do not have the right tools to work with TOGETHER
When shit start ta get realer>>>>>
I'm happy to see you still around..thought you had vanished. BTW Nice Pictures :)
Sounds good—looking forward to meeting you.
I'm glad you and the kids are enjoying it. She's such a sweet mama, flying off when I come up to take pics.
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <33333333
Sleepy.... Ready for tomorrow!.
Life certainly has its ups and downs, but I'm enjoying the ride Hope you are enjoying this awesome spring-like day.
wow, i have a poo, bookie, boo boo, pookie bear, baby mama, mo mo, wookiewoo AND a wifey...........lmao, n NO im not gay, these r my GURLZ
Happy birthday to poet and City Lights founder Lawrence Ferlinghetti!
I need some Chinese food really badly.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower. ~Rabindrath Tagore
“The key to change… is to let go of fear.” – Rosanne Cash
Hey everyone today at BDW we have The GREEN CHILE CHEESE BURGER med fry and coke for 7.50 for lunch and dinner
really?! Where? Thought they, being MLB, gave up on that policy?
YW, I think it was in someplaces!
sounds like a wonderful day.
His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration. - Pearl S. Buck
-right now
The more jaded the better!
Thanks and last night's Civility & The Press discussion. You were both awesome.
Studies showed the 18-25 age group didn't mind interruptions from tagged videos -
It seems like the closer I'm getting to you, you start to back away...
I feel like poop. My tummy hurts...
": "Preach not calmly and quietly as though you were asleep, but preach with fire and pathos and passion." - C.H. Spurgeon"
People who keep the tags on their clothes
im chilling in terget :)
UK VS KU ON MONDAY NIGHT.
appreciate it! Thanks!
Finished up a great workout in #KC. On the road to #Omaha. Working out my guys from Central. Back to Lincoln this evening
Got to the BA before Einsteins opens. I wish I was a morning person
": dont worry baby it is and thank you so much. ur cute and charming *blushing*" what's up baby girl...
I'm tipsy. U r lucky I got the first name right
playing for a group therapy session for #Vets with PTSD today at the Sepulveda Vets Center. , ,
I'm in st Louis ): can't go.
#HappyBirthday 2 Me If You Wish Me A #HappyBirthday Ill Give A S/O.
Dont like this feeling
please teach me! aparently, i need help!
Create a district 21st Century logo- shared by Jeff Weaver UA schools
ctfu foul RT: Ctfu“: S/0 to all the moms thats gonna dump there children an go out tonight”"
Mortgage Facts: Discount points
Hyflex principles alternatives, equivalence, reuse, accessible
The markets seem spooked by the debt ceiling deal! Could this be a fakeout?
"The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness." John Muir
What a festival! It was hard to find time to tweet because of all the great music one after the other, so amazing!
Evil is a point of view. ANNE RICE, Interview with the Vampire
told u lol
season three sums it up
I hate ugly fat nosey women who stare at me
haha, apparently so! But we're not supporting the same team - go !
SWV new song Cosign kinda fits, but again not v sexy... more upbeat
do you personally think he should have been fired?
Not sure I agree with my brain on that, but I'm comfortable, and I do like the colors. So, stripes-and-plaid-y I'll stay. :)
I have really bad headaches too. I know what u are goin thru. I just wanna lay in dark pillow over my face type ish whn I get 1
Ipads & Kindles are cool, but I love the smell & feel of real books.
the libraries have at least one copy! Or we can meet up & talk more about it :)
"Hey! George Lopez up to bat now!"
cause if you walk away, I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else
Why is it dat everytime a concert come to town its like 27 «official» after parties C.T.S people IJS
lol @ how these kids think they're ghetto listening to get low. no.
Of all the inspirational sidewalk chalkings on campus, the one that makes me smile says "Get f*cked"
Samples at Costco for lunch >
It's #FF reply to this if you want a #FF shoutout
Recording the police is protected by 1st amendment. Glad we are not yet a police state. More than enough thuggery without that.
Strong, powerful moment by Huntsman. RT +1 RT : Far and a way Huntsman's best moment of this campaign right there!
God is faithful to carry out His promises. HE is true to His Word.
Perfect weather is a frame of mind, but you knew that. Global Finals is the story that writes itself!
yeah. Sometime this or next month.
Shooting with tonight!
Yoga time! Been looking forward to it.
When Napster stated enabling fans to share lessons for free, #rockstarteacher went to court and shut them down. But it's not about the $.
Suck A Nigga Dick Or Sumn.
it's an aphrodisiac
Dont just use my word on other ppl! Who do you think you are RT : I love my boo desmond!! Thank you boobaaa!<3
lol cuz your twitter keeps dm'ing me weight loss ads!!!! spam
I'm coming tomorrow! I can't wait1 i'm so excited! <3
Pleease follow me it would make my dayy and can u tell jbieber to follow too please
I need some NUTELLA...SHIT it's gone...anybody wanna share?!?!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bradford Enterprises, nos operari ad te bene! We work towards your success!
My eyes make pictures when they are shut. -Samuel T. Coleridge
So far, see at least three #EdCampPhilly conversations about Libraries
& The Money Hustla Music Squad invited? Check out "Waisted" for the ladies
Nothing good ever happens in 'broad' daylight... No one says," He gave me a massage in 'broad' daylight...
Now you can buy as many hips as you want:-) RT Just won the lottery. Now I'm going to buy Twitter. Kicking most of you off.
Peppers are hot and i just found that out.......jk
Five chapters to go. I'm curious to hear your response while reading it. Just ask about mine.
Sadly, this person thinks of himself as a "supporter." I've got a short list. Wonder if he's got the balls to unmask.
The rooms look nice, but the wifi policy is lame. Good luck--you're going to be awesome!!!
bought 3 copies of the album. dedication or what
Just Listed: UK AutoHits -
It's so tremendous. that man behind her is just priceless.
This Philosophy Mangos & Cream is the bizness. I smell god.
This month, I pay bills late,/writing stories of who I used to be.
u too babe!
Today is a perfect day to do some things I been procrastinating about.
I don't have it it's on my ipod I'll send it to you later
if it were it'd be called Seattle
THERE WAS A FUCKING FORMAL M&G AT THE SHOW TODAY
saw charade last night. bad netflix version
SAAs are better anyway.
yes ma'm!!!!! And we dont fuck with synthetic... Thats a no no
Sitting in my sun room. #Kman still sleeping. Light rain falling. Cardinal singing with a red winged blackbird.
*checks when SF Giants will be in DC* 4th of July?!
Happy Monday too! RT :
I didn't get the #PRSSASDSU exec position, but it's coo.
Thanks for the follow,) Jonni Armani
Any advice for someone moving to Alaska?
Follow & don't forget to bring that handbag donation to the #momsFF Suite!
lol its annoying as fuck. i'm about to pop them.
That sucks, they were good. :/ I heard about DRUGS. WHY MUST BANDS BREAK UP WHEN THEY'RE GOOD?!
I guess 72bpm is the tempo to go with....
I think Dairy Queen is going to be down one manager whenever I see his face today.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i let my account sit a few years before I used it!
LETS GO #YANKEES! IM EXCITED TO SEE PHELPS PITCH TONIGHT!
I am not sure why but this time when I had surgery, it hurts more then the 1st time, wa! n the drugs make me sik, ew. just gota deal w pain.
I hear that! Thank you!
This is what we love to hear! RT : The new signage is working! Three applicants already!
You give me back my girl, you give me back my life
i think paul should crawl naked on higgins road on june 2nd, 2012 in chicago illinois.
Trying out "Muse," a free Adobe beta WYSIWYG website-maker. Like it so far - thanks Dreya!
Fill in the blank: Right now, I’d really like ____________.
So wished that I payed attention in my undergrad stats class...
haha! what a good simile.
Gettin my hair did!
Chicken Catcher Kevin Skinner WINS Americas Got Talent - Listen to the phone tweet: call (641) 453 9997 now
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team. But yours would look better than mine because you're out of my league...
make sure you download the Lala music mover. Scans your files and unlocks any lala song you own. Nice alternative to uploading
follow background?
The best? Awww, shucks. Thank you for the shout out and spreading the good study word.
I need my glasses RT"
does he need the cheese to help???
u have rele big feet!!! lolz
I need a one-word topic or short phrase to coax a short story out of me. Hit me with your best shots!
You ruin everything for me
RT : Sources say #LeBron is in talks w/David Stern about contract to pick Ping-Pong balls in the 2011
Mea Culpa => Through my own fault
esp after drinking half a bottle of patron
not quite, that may be a bit too ironic. But we'll see you there!
My pleasure and my apologies. I thought I was following you. I just fixed that.
Live WITHOUT pretending Love WITHOUT depending Listen WITHOUT defending & speak WITHOUT offending.♥
Yes bro , My mom doesn't want me to drink anything tho -.- & I bruised my tail bone yesterday :'( lmao
took that same test 2 years ago. Thanks God we all made jokes to relax, that test was intense. I got a 5... Good luck!
Use ur #words to #lift people
Woohoo!!! Its so great to have our BCB minds in the same location. Oh, the amazingness that can be born from collaboration!
you will definitely have a good time no matter what you. let me know if you need any recommendations for things I do!
Please take out a second to Follow #TMCRecords CEO & President
Oh n will be getting new hair to yay I have to start a new youtude pge someone del Idk how ppl
Fuck fake love & half ass friends
No idea where it is! I searched all over my apartment and it's gone.
Thank you!
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it. Russell Baker
