- You're skinny and stressed. It'll happen. P.S. everyone in the whole world can read what you write. Tweet accordingly.
you know about the June 4 Code for oakand hackathon happening in oakland-check out codeforoakland.org
Listening to music till I fall asleep . Nap time . 💤
am I the only one that thinks the whole concept of friends with benefits is dumb?
Hi Paul, we're working on a server but it should be up in just a few minutes, will keep you updated.
Good Morning Ficellenians, its Ficelle day #Navy Yard!
live for the nights like last night.
does make
A coloring book would be nice too.
lol i should have thought out my master plan in more detail...could have led u on a wild goose chase!
Let's go Knicks!
Cause someone said she was the Queen of Pop, then I went crazy and then there like you hate her and I'm like I just dont like
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "The Beatles? You like The Beatles? Omg, old story! Come on, you're in the 21st century!" v_v
I Don't Want Nobody To Move For 2 Mins..That's A 150 Secs....Nigga Ugly-
wow already? He's good.
KEEP THE FIGHT!
Ever wonder what it's like to have your own personal adult toy rep that can give you information about the latest toys on the market?
Look! RT : Just saw the episode. It's odd that "Princess Polly" is both hot and hideous. Hot-eous.
When I was in school, they taught us that stuff in home ec
Hold on to this emptying fullness
Sign ups coming in thick and fast for our 11am tournament, $60 gets you 5000 in tournament chips and 20 minute blind levels.
Chicken chicken milk curry beer and eggs
Just found out that I am for sure graduating on time! Yay!!
If you mean SF Bay get with #bestexecutiveproducerevah =D
Advocate Tori Kelly is hosting a Night at the Library for #pairup4pd in WA w/ Dr. Burdick from #Parkinson's
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
Nimble does inline compression for both flash and disk...
Earthquake data center is reporting it's based in LA, Looks somewhere around a 5ish, this is not confirmed.
Gotta watch my pimping I be going too hard ;)
ahh! it's happening!
great! a lil rainy on Oahu but its warm rain which makes for a fun bike ride :) howzit with u?
Follow for the latest updates on new H St spots opening soon!
i hate when i smell other ppls farts in class, but i do appreciate my own blend lol
bob errey said staal and gorgeous in the same sentence :-)
Bring #bikescore to Baltimore!
Yes. “: More brutal than MI Primary. RT : Spartans lose to Indiana 70-55 in lackluster effort.
Idk how I feel about white girls using the word "nigga" lol
Ughh....I hate my dad....he took away my phone :'(
I missed the mini analysis, what was it saying?
what one person sees as a road block is simply a detour to the determined spirit~ Be unstoppable. Make a way <3 #Reroute#
Are you protecting your business? Sometimes, the most expensive decision you make is deciding you can’t afford to speak with a lawyer.
I don't WANT I NEED. I will stay UP ALL NIGHT trying to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already#1DVD ...
WHY AM I AWAKE
i thought i saw you earlier!!! i am in denver too
I wasn't there today!
You're on.
But, no time for barfing, got a train to catch
Your welcome!
#NW - Tenacious D Live at Brixton Academy
how did u get to follow that many people? It made me stop at 2000 ): thats not far!
iim for real
Gonna watch #BADGIRLSCLUB , in a lil while
Problem with guy's n girls -> guys pretend to like you when they don't. girls pretend they don't like you when they do
IS GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND AFTER IM ON DEFF GOTTA GET HER IN THE "GOING DOWN"VIDEO
Sign on bonus! Ha--I wish! But, am hopeful---It'll be good to start working again.
I love Arby's
can you make more then one person an admin in a group?
LOL yes we will!!! And it will be low at first site! Hahahahahahaa
Exactly. The interaction % is either positive fan interaction or damage control of people bitching at them b/c they suck.
FINALLY ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!!(:
Eating at Kinoshita - Sun Jakamoto was full. So far, unexciting and disappointing. I thought Brazil was supposed to have good Japanese food!
Building a company was suppose to be easy right? No warning on he headaches the follows in tow.
haha mayday parade dear
A little Laviolette-Granato action at City versus United. #Penguins Argument over yellow cards.
DPS says blue light call box issues unexpected. Most already repaired and rest to follow Monday!
Had a great time reading "We're Going on a Lion Hunt" with at Cecil Elementary School. Awesome kids..
Time to catch up from last week. Thank god for my #DVR !!
Gov. #Perry on #CNN says "Don't Ask, Don't Tell worked fine."
actually we found that shirt on Melrose. "We're going to Melrose." :)
wow that was fast. Ur was better.nail polish, It was random. (:
uh whoa, thanks for the follow ! so is that a yes? i'm your mascot? ;)
i was headed insane the devil told me his name but he's not welcome here anymore
Guess not, no going to see fight afterall :-( O well......
Big theme emerging here at #stratcon12 is the need for better ways for practitioners of #designthinking to communicate with stakeholders.
all the time you just wasted with me could have been a blog entry
Woohoo! Do we win a prize?!
hahahaaaa, i love it!! i'm home. i'm finishing my sammwich, and making an espresso, and then knocking on yo door :)
A video production can cover a range of areas like TV commercials, business videos, personnel videos, event videos and home videos etc.
it's so true!
~ Keep your heart open for as long as you can, as wide as you can, for others and especially for yourself.~ Morrie Schwartz
Create a buyer persona based on social listening and research
maybe after you get your ghetto ish fixed.
I like it when fat girls run. My favorite hobby is probably watching overweight bitches try to run hahahahahahaha
we have several different street team assignments! Lots of promoting!
what an idiot
he puts the twit in twitter
Day 7 #SONY Service Watch and they Finally Called! Day Late $ short! Traded the Sony for a Samsung. Service MGT. failed to call on 4th.
Sacred sounds is Saturday the 21st at 830 - see you there
Getting Ready for Court Wish me Luck I'm praying that It's a Good Outcome.....
I'm in homeschool.
Finishing up a second degree + 2 jobs = a suffering blog. Need to update soon!
“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” ― Paulo Coelho, Alchemist
RT : #D'Backs fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#D'Backs #Rockies)
Utah then Colorado then NYC.
they all have an amazing talent<3
#PetPeeves When I try to let kids know that I and other people like me exist, and conservatives accuse me of trying to teach kids gay sex.
um...that lady just walked to Target with her face covered in noxzema. I wonder if she knows?
Can someone suggest a good book, I just finished
We'll be on Fox 34 with Nicole Garza tomorrow morning! 6:30-9am. We're doing segments on spring fashion. Wake up and watch!
I love being back home to see all the fall colors :)
Thanks for follow, lots of good stories out there.
Will new blackberry client run on the Torch?
Does anyone have a public list of YA and/or kids librarians that I can follow?
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere
then i saw a family of bunnies and didn't want to kill myself anymore.
My Sonata for violin and harp to be premiered at the Church of the Advent in Boston on Oct 8 at 8:00 PM.
ok den
Really like how and immediately re-tweet all of the idiots who rip them on twitter.
That may quite possibly be the worst rendition of the National Anthem I have ever heard! (Including Carl Lewis)
School Tuesday ;/
Going to try and post an acoustic song so you guys can hear what we have to offer ;]
Omg Fully Charge?
On the bright side, if Duke beats UNC tonight we would still be in first place
This time I saw it and thought charitable, just, and true
I like people too much or not at all.
About to sit down at Sticky Lips while drinking the first Kind off the line. We are live here! Get your drink on.
because i never thought of him as much as i think of #sub. i've never felt this way before. there's no words to describe this one.
haha! U gon catch me one day, i promise you ^_^
thanks for the RT!
Yes and yes. Sadly. RT : would #Tryvon Martin be alive if he was white?And would the suspected killer be n jail if he was black?
Female marathon event record holder Nicole Chyr returning to defend her title!
East #Baltimore has the largest percentage of vacant homes. We are asking businesses to move into these areas...
Tomorrow is Friday. What does everyone have planned for the weekend?!?
someone hacked y'all.
absolutely! how much would you like to wager?
: RT : "Three-quarters of people find jobs through being out there, engaged and meeting people."~John A. Challenger
Norfolk, VA, right beside VA Beach. I know this is out of nowhere but it's 2 months away & I'd totally help fly you here lol
if im interested in doing illustrations for you guys..how do i go about doing that? :)
can you please follow me? im a huge fan <3
started as a dancer - found I had the hands for modeling and knew what to do with them!
Farting noises are becoming a constant thing coming out of my mouth
Not A Proctologist T-Shirt
sorry sweetie im on limit, i will when i don't hit ^^
I miss 1 & 2 RT : 3 things I wanna forget: 1) Websites on Angel-fire 2) The sound of dialup 3) the loving touches TSA agents gave me
Happy #MothersDay! We are especially grateful for Chef's mom b/c w/o her there would be no "Mommy's Meatballs"!
Haven't ate in 15 hours and #jimmyjohns is saving my life
0 fer 4 weekend. Cal, Huskies, Seahawks and my fantasy team all go down in flames. I have hit bottom very early in the season.
a couple yrs ago I could pull it off, but now??? EEK RT : i would break my neck I'm those lol
happy Wednesday to you and everyone else
I love Shonen Knife! I also like some other Japanese bands.
IT'S CRAZY THAT MY RIGHT HAND MAN #Pause AIN'T NEVER BEEN OUT OF MILWAUKEE!!!
#FF Must follow where ever you live! ->
I could never hate anyone... Especially you!!
Our weather radio is getting a workout tonight.
Gonna hit the shop after work and get me a much needed haircut
we're eating dinner first & i will have wings there Jeff might pass on food but we're good! No worries. Thanks for looking after us
I just got lucky. lol
I need new people to text with. Haha
In one of those moods where I'm laying in my bed crying, and I don't even know why.
wish I were at your pre-conference. going to the airport soon.I'll read all the tweets on the plane..
love love loved this weeks episode of The Secret Circle !!! watched with
did you like the free cd?
Thank you Mary!! RT : Met amazing Dawn Peters last night at book party: beautiful and smart!
Happy New Year!
Today our company takes the giant leap into Cloud Computing and Electronic Medical Records (EMR). We have been wedded to paper for years!
so happy today thanks to you :)
Dick Clark passed away today at the age of 82 from a heart attack in L.A.
you're sharing of wisdom has strengthened mankind grasshopper, thanks for RT
Aww thanks. Alex and I really need to write a paper together one of these days.
no reply?
in Houston tomorrow if you want to grab a coffee in the afternoon. I'll be downtown.
looking for a sugar daddy, any takers?!
DAMN MKG with a grown ass man move
if u say so :b
Thanks for the RT :)
Home alone, My house been empty since I came back from school. Lol I shoulda had open crib .
We can help you there! You like cookies or brownies? I don't smoke all day every day. Because sometimes I'm in an airport.
I ran 5 races in the past two days and won 4 of them. Fuck I'm tired
Any party plans for this weekend?!
Happy Birthday to a friend of mine that made yesturday...
CPAC Chicago is in a few weeks. I'm sure the campaign will be there. Hit them up. I wanna come just for the food.
yeah i DARE YOU to do a black metal ANYTHING
So i entered to win Kiss Concert tickets 20,000 times.. not kidding...
You have to sacrifice to live
i know...sorry
let's hope !
Does the sight of me wanting you, drive you crazy?<3
im home ;)
There are many more at the #DIETribes list, including , , and others! Thanks for the shout out.
Ding, ding, ding. That's the right answer!
Who do you think you are, to write on his heart?
I mean, I love John Cusack too but really? Excuse me while I go gag.
That's the only reason I can think of
Oh, no, here we go again....
Work work
Oh, interesting -- I'm reading THE UNINVITED GUESTS in a few weeks!
Are you coming to the viewing party tomorrow?
Waiting for soca :)
haha! Thank you! And yes you absolutely CAN have my autograph daaahhling 😉
in la homie you around or Dallas?
eating this muffin like a straight boy
we understand good quality service is hard to find but we can come that way with a added trip charge...:)
Enjoyed celebrating the 40th anniversary of the ERA! What a way to re-energize our movement for passage!
These days I'm more moody than Hank.
where can I watch the BRITS?? :))
My waitress is just way too akward.... I want to help her! Everything she does just fails... poor thing lol
Sometimes I feel like nobody really cares.
We can't root for either team in this one... GO BAY AREA! /
I hope Louis' surprise visit helped you ace your exam today! :)
Truly the Fort Worth way to celebrate, IMO.
Tryna keep my eyes open...
How can we get a satellite location open in Gwinnett County, GA? We would love access to the resources in the other. Thanks.
thanks for the plug! :-D
I only know my mom's side! My dads side is in Cuba!
Are you a Bike Club member? If so, you'll get FREE BEER at the Bike Industry Party for This week's newsletter has details.
Was dwelling on how somebody I know is kinda dumb, and then I walked off with the wrong grocery cart for the second time recently.
SnOod of thd day: afternoon recording session on a ravin on the console....
Christmas movies are the best . :)
Just witnessed a man slurping up the side of a nyc subway trash can...w his tongue. What? Yep.
Why is everyone so fat
Thanks for calling me ugly, Mom . But you should know I'm not a mirror reflection of you .
Beware of the superficial #'s Jay. Nearly 7MM Americans are looking for work (a record high) and most have dropped off the radar
Have you seen this kind of research before? Perhaps a similar language formula will work for books...hmm.
I canceled my gym membership. It doesn't make sense to me to consume energy to expend energy. (cycling and running mostly these days)
Urgh. So full! And sleepy now... yawn.
Whats up everyone!!?
Just finished dropping off the items we collected to send to Haiti. It feels good to give back!
MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS
nopes, but in one of my creative writing classes there was kid who ALWAYS talked about it. Fantasy meets Stephen King? baller.
Next 3 days are going to be cray
hey sweetheart how are you?
"Don't underestimate the importance of personality" and other tips on choosing an architect
My fav show #Awkward is on
she to damn LIVE.. I know she be havin yo ass Rollin!
Thanks, NPR! I had no idea what electronic music was.
lol no. Sarcasm son
updateing my art www.valeriebrownart.com check out it sweethearts and sign on to my VIP list for updates
omg hey green ass
u djing all weekend
WHIPPING OUT THE NEW HEADSHOTS IN JUST A WEEK OR SO!
Dying to go to the gym today. Must resist. Going to see a matinee with my mother.
Soup's on at Lotties: havest veggie rice and potato bacon.
People are freakin weird
It depends on if i wanna travel to pgh 2 wks in a row… thanks for the support do IT!!!!!!!!!!
RT if: someone has ever told you they loved you. and then left like it was nothing.
oh.u got so weed
awful night :( had to get my mom and rush her to the hospital. Just got back.hopefully everything's ok. don't know what i'd do without her.
Thanks for the love Twitter fam. Have a great week! Joo and Jae.
Alex Honnald is Spiderman sans pajamas. (Watch him on 60 Minutes.)
imitate his work ethic. You WON'T be stopped.
Does blocking a number stop iMessage too?
I'm on of them. I may be a vegetarian but I'm not crazy!
Please contact with your code and errors. We can help you out!
I could use your help... painting my daughter's room for her 3rd birthday!
He's the king of talents that nobody wants.
Charlotte Roofing Specialists Launches Re-Designed Website
She tweet ha shyyt but she dnt text me:/
I miss mommuh
yes it is alot of work!
yeah, I am loving Monday too woo woo
Boy"How do five guys walk? One Direction!" Me"I've heard this a thousand times, nice try! AND I KNOW. THEIR SO GAY!" Boy"...what?"
Twitter is the only place where it's cool to be a follower...
i'm part of #TeamBigBody what you mean?! lol
I think they were optimistic w/weather forecast. It's been cool & foggy all day. Wonder what tomorrow will bring?
TYVM I love FLOTUS! So lucky to have met her&we had a special connection that night. Wish everyone could met her
Haha, well that's pretty much only option these days... although I'll forever be a fans.
You ROCK dude!!!! MWAH
oh god, you know your tweets seriously make me depressed! Lol
Congrats to our brand new Babyfoods JOANNA DEAROLF & YEAN DO! We've only had them for a few days and we're already obsessed with them. /te
Most definitely...I have a perfect area.
Reasons to love my roommate: random obscure quotes from Fifth Element: "Aziz, light!"
yep! See u Thursday maybe?
Sunday at Main Street Church-81 W. Main St.-Peru, IN... Finding God In Finding Nemo: "Just Keep Swimming" Services at 8 & 10:30AM...Join us
Same here I just luv the part when they all had paint and was parting she lloked so cute I want to hug her
I do not minecraft.
“: damn you I hope your computer crashes” I'll send it to you tomorrow, don't have it here
It's a great night for big band jazz at the IU MAC!
Employee stock purchases can be a great deal BUT make sure you plan for the holding period.
My sister brought this particular beast home with her from Switzerland, but generally I agree with you.
Needs to start paying my rent to the library
Countdown to 1st pitch at Miller Park is 70-hours and 39-minutes. Defending NL Central Champs opening with Yo.
Tonight has reminded me of the pure brilliance of and Hot Fuzz
Man, best to not get on her "Bad Side!" LOL
Home stretch! Our attendees are ready for our final keynote: Dueling Perspectives on Elections w/ Karl Rove & James Carville.
Show us your independent artists!
Saw "Chronical" the other day... REally enjoyed the honest look at what Super Powers would do if thrust upon someone!
Love it! I'm anxiously awaiting "Push Play"
now speaking, on the panel at / Future of #Publishing 🚀
Final days of the half-price sale! Stop in to check it out.
how long are carbon cashouts taking?
Happy Monday! Where did u dance this weekend?
Really, can I feel them?
Is stunned by the beauty of the coastline along the 101. Thank you for not building houses along the water blocking the view of the 101
Come into the store today after 6:30 p.m. and guess the weight of your frozen yogurt within 1/2 an oz and receive 50% off!
def interested! Shoot me an email to !!
lol i still remember how unfollowed me. -.-
New sheets! So soft, so wonderful. So going to bed early. Hoping to make it a wonderful Wednesday.
what you on tomorrow berto
I guess I'll have to create a Tumblr page now that Beyonce has one....
well aren't you the coolest guy. -__- hahaha
what a better world if everyone followed that advice.
just at the gym getting my SWAGGER on!
I look at life as a gift of God. Now that he wants it back I have no right to complain.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired
Ok, the #coachellalive stream is pretty freakin sweet.
Phew, thought that Roger Sterling was about to come out during "My Old Kentucky Home."
I think I drank enough for a whole year last night!
Indy is the place to be!
Less Harley Quinn's this year I think.
I want some chicken rings rings rings rings rings rings rings. (Future voice)
For the next five days, I'll be living vicariously through as she frolics around
Happy Birthday ! Have a great one!
According to , the top influencers about Affiliate Marketing are , and Check it out!
lol, how would it be. Hip Hop has never openly embraced that part of our community in such a way...
Every time we kiss i swear i can fly. I can't let you go!
That's a charge!
Hey so are we!
got into it with carlos
When I see Ellen give a car to a deserving family, I tear up. Then I think about the taxes they have to pay on it....
Trying to limit the discractions today. Lots to do, gotta get it done
A reminder that our partners at Ride For Dime need volunteers for their event in Tampa on 3/31. Please help them out if ur in the area! Thx!
Craving a kick ass workout:)
If you guys are wondering about the "unfollowing" We just wanted to get our music out to you guys---(next tweet)
is killing this set #salute got me crunk headed to the studio
cuse u in the PIttsburgh TO TAKE THE PSSA I NO CUZE IM IN THE BURGH
Follow back?
yeah I wanted to teach yoga. I took 4 semesters of it.
Always intend your puns!!
Happy Easter everyone😃he has risen!💚
Squid Attack appearing tonight at the Hawthorne Burgerville!
#nowplaying Quit Playing Games (With My Heart), Backstreet Boys
That's not too tall for me. Not sure what Rachel is talking about.
i lovveee it!
Amen to that. Next time for sure!
:O WHY NOT!!xx
adorable mash baby! Aw.
Still using the same salon services ? TSSK TSSK! HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE & THE BIGGEST $$ MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS! WWW.DRWIGGYS.COM
jesus christ im done
Happy Friday all! Getting excited for our big LifeVantage meeting in Chicago tomorrow! If you'll be in that area Sat. morning, join me!
OMG, that sounds awesome! I may have to record this too!
We're looking great for tonight! Come join us #Chicago!!!
(>.<) Noo not like little big planet... I can't stand that game. Plus that's handicraft artwork, not cel-shaded.
Are you at #ImagineRIT today? What has been your favorite exhibit so far?
Thank you! :)
Just cleaned my apartment. Not going back until someone visits.
A couple years ago I saw a museum collections site that had a slider to hide or show more info / metadata. Right? Who made that?
thinks it's crazy that Craddick is actually for realz out!!! Wow.
You're the best...sorry there is no joy tonight. You always find humor in the absurd, don't lose it now.
Nobody looks back on their lives and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep. Keep doin you!
Hooray! Major props to the Gambs!
hurry yo ass up.
So instead i talk to people who know what it is like to hurt but in the end it just leaves me more confused and annoyed with the world
Join the conversation about mLearnCon Conference & Expo; add the hashtag #mLearnCon to your tweets.
Here's my esteem "reality check". Running on Alki 2 days after my 37th bday, 100 yds into it I pull a leg muscle.
Mullet tee's are rocking my world.
*very* thought-provoking talk about primo's research into what relevance means. c4l12
I won't be watching those shitty awards being handed out to undeserving dookietits
love you bebe<3 keep ya head up
I'll think about it. It would be more fun to go w/someone. Don't know if I could convince anyone here in Indy to go.
So excited for mothers dayy.
Lol my first day at miami jackson sr high and des boys and hoes/teachers sneakdissing aready
You're So SEXY!!
WHAT IS THE TEST TIM?! I WANT TO PASS!!
It sure is!
hey Zach :)
Running late to today's show..... Ugh.
Am I the only one not surprised to see Gingrich call on other candidates to drop out? He did lose to Santorum in Iowa and NH. Dude is nuts
thank you so much for following me! i feel so loved!
Ted Nugent: Bearing Arms, Cranking Up the Controversy
Dymo showed her camel toe an que sai look at that fat cat
"Has finally come to terms with the fact that, as much as she tries to fight it...she is in fact a hopeless romantic." Dec '09 .. I give up.
not liking this gloomy weather
Luv that area! Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!
MADISON FOLLOWED ME!!
how's it going
Me too...its already bringing in estimate requests, so far, so good!
Hoping Lynn's recovery goes perfect! listening to "taking Bob Dylan" at the moment:) Great muse for the music;) enjoy ur day!
In class stupid hungry!
Mystery red freckles? Burst blood vessles from throwing up. Thanks, illness, for screwing with my skin in addition to my body.
of course i know your: on tumblr, youtube, listening to music, eating something sweet, twitter and drawing maybe
New sound system + St. Vincent at First Avenue... As a general rule I don't swear on Twitter but DAMN!!!!!
... my dad caught me getting home at 4 a.m. Welp, he's definitely upset. I would've been fine if my dog didn't bark like crazy. Goodnight.
It's a gorgeous Sunday morning. Don't miss it!!
" i hope she gets ghadaffied by freddy krueger."
We got this Wednesday. Now I just need her for
Thanks for the follow Joey. Liked the interview with Starr on Road to Hell. Going to buy Movie Script in 21 days because of it.
shoutout to my loyal followers i preicate you guys and gals for showings love.. much love back :-*
Would Biden have to resign? OR! Obama can run for pres with Clinton as VP. That might be the best route if they're considering it.
OH: It's funny, honey. It's a meme.
#ThingsJDshouldSay That cat PLEX from N.O. who helped all them ppl in Hurricane Katrina is a helluva songwriter. Let me sign him!
Blinkbid is good sftware. Getting ready to invoice a couple jobs with it now.
dude that same number called me like 5 times. It is so annoying.
i'm so lame- i make jokes at what i say -___-' haha xD
Anyone coming to Ultra this weekend ?
God is in the rain.
please follow me i love you :)
Hot Dogs 1Pm, support the homeless!
getting the hang of this twitter thing...
So ends the season, and so begins Playoffs! Join us for all the playoff action!!
Dante talks about last week's workshop at UCLA in McDonald's Intermediate Cinematography and the pleasure of teaching
Thank you! I'm going to get you the pictures today.
yay, the blackhawks won! now the entire city can stop pretending they know that hockey's a professional sport!
What's up?
Congrats to Laura Schaefer for the answer to--What starts with "t" ends with "t" and is filled with "t"? ..a TEAPOT
too bad for her. Baby racoon is DELICIOUS.
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs. train accident on US-151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED. All NB and SB lanes are now open.
People who follow on twitter end most of their posts with "you guys," you guys.
“If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs”
what would I do without you...thanks!
Kickball Team Canada rocked another Theme at kickball this week. Man, they are the coolest.
Get on #INSTAGRAM with us!! #ANDROID AND #IPHONE WERKINNNNNNNN!!
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
About to gauge my eyeballs out RT : This headache i got from being outside.
I hope so cause she ain't right
good morning!
I just want Birthday tweet PLEASE?? I've been wanting this all day! <3
Proud to be one of the 21 million beliebers(: 💜
well done!
photos and videos will be up on the site and Facebook probably early tomorrow, they came out amazing!
Thank you for finding us on Twitter! The shelter animals you added to your website around the holidays are adorable!
I prepare meat free about 3 times a week
I need to stop watching 's Boyfriend video. Seriously.
Breakfast at 130 pm. Yeah I think so.
Okay? ": weekend! i needed this."
Music Group laying down Nation Time Dino got the brothers sounding superbly melodic
In the spirit of minimalism my personal hygiene products have been reduced to olive oil and baking soda.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Our own from Stryper is performing tonight with his band "Bloodgood" at The Glass House in Pomona CA. 8pm!
I wonder what its like to be a ginger.
what's up!?
watching now
zionsville stucco contractors, zionsville stucco restoration, zionsville stucco repair, stucco contractors zionsville indiana stucco, eifs
undressing your partner burns about 8 to 10 calories
They tell me I'm da Shiz, I'm like.."Duhh." - Mac Miller(:
Enjoying my night....
yea i know what u mean... that shit may be long gone lol... that more of the mad rapper shit... i aint mad no more
the feeling when your almost done with a paper you have to write is the best feeling ever.
BRO, IM GONNA HURT YOU.
Yep! That's giving his progressive #mobile strategy talk that we also heard at
Just came to mind, I got my drivers license 20 years ago today.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful parents. Today they celebrated 63yrs of love & happiness. What a celebration in Heaven that must have been
Join us tomorrow at the Revivals San Diego grand opening at 5:30pm alongside Councilmember Todd Gloria! 1644 University Ave (at Center St).
Thing is, I don't see them quickly instacorrecting the same way Nintendo did last year.
Nerdy glasses make a guy look so much more sophisticated.
I just lost my hero my Dad 3 weeks ago, he was 84.
If you think Bill made his billions from all the gates he made at his factory you might be a digital redneck!.
Bass guitar samples from Morricone "Il Gatto a Nove Code" & Miles Davis "Tribute to Jack Johnson"
Country is by far the most honest music ever.
my thoughts exactly hahaha
... of pregnancy in the realm of the woman's psychologic makeup. Robertson, 16 in a study of 100 pregnancies found that there was frequently
fresh bread w/ crusty outside and chewy middle fresh toppings and the right meat and cheese combo
Woo! RT : pulling in the first place award for best series/documentary! That's my friend!!
Experience is something you get when you are expecting something else
hey this is robert check out pauls background image,(; i hooked it up!(;
Panelist on telecon said if I went to Venus, I'd be "crushed, incinerated & suffocated." Not a great vacation destination.
Amazing! hope your pool has a big pot. RT : I still have all final four teams and six of my elite eight teams!
haha. You noticed huh
screw those douchebags, I love tie die, And I'm wearing it now as well. Tie die is a much prettier color then jealousy. We win.
the opening credits. Lol. I think I was being overly ambitious by suggesting we watch a movie.
what what
omg! Can I buy one of the turquoise mason jars from you? I've wanting one of those to use for dish soap. :-)
and Xavier players gave clinic in what NOT to say at presser
Yes, I have a softball "team meeting" tonight so we can go over the rules (and sit on the porch & drink beers & eat pizza). So adult.
what the fuck is this shit
we"re excited for you guys!
Thinking of going on an adventure. Just driving somewhere and seeing where it leads.
Huh...maybe out of curiosity I'll punch up the video of the tea party rally earlier today in Madis....Z
no no
Red Solo Cup time! First 5 people to tell me Drewski's top 3 Hot Messes of the week get on the list!
come tonight
Wrapping for the day with Haifa and Ricardo's episode. Episode ! is looking very exciting! Watch this space!
It is stark madness To feel claustrophobia In this universe.
At #BuffaloWildWings with some friends!!! and more!
Why do birds aways have to shit on my truck right after I wash it?!?!? #fuckingbirdsassholes!
Welcome to Twitter, my love! I've tweeted about you, ; now I can finally tweet TO you!
My pal went to India to find himself and when he got back, he lost everyone else.
Wyoming fuckin sucks
thinking about how far some of my friends have fallen (iPhone?!)
We would never do that! :)
Just saw this & thanks to Holding down the fort for marketing department while everyone is away
School just needs to be over already
TGIF! Only a few more days until the semester is over .....
Drunk promises......
Let's go #Bearcats!!
All-u-can-eat pancakes just $3.99 tomorrow (6-11) at Gus's Diner or Northside Cafe. Bring in ad from today's WSJ sports section.
Skol Vikes Mr.Harvin and happy vday, can THE biggest vikes fan on the East coast get a RT?
I am close to doing the same. Need to finish a few books first. Used copies are probably cheap right?
It is a wise father that knows his own child ~ William Shakespeare
shit nm just been workin and going to school
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is more like a community event. Come hungry & leave smiley. Haha, you thought I was going to write "happy."
is a self-reported wizard with a frying pan
RT The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart, head & hands ~ Robert M. Pirsig
Smallest press pit alleyway
we missed you! Please never miss brunch again.
"[T]he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading" - C. C. Williamson, 1918
Kia... stop trying to ruin my happiness. JENNY FORGIVES ME.
I'm so heavy...heavy..heavy in your arms
- Great interview on SiriusXM NFL Network this morning!
Out of $600 mega at FOxwoods. Lost half stack to river 2 outer. Then the rest to a river 3 outer. Watching / coaching buddy now in same tr
funny bc were about to watch The Dark Knight.
The reinvention is coming, prepare yourselves.... 08.01.2011
If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all. ~Pearl S. Buck
sent a friend request from don't want b Spam just FYI #pagercodes pic REO Enter
I'm so ready to be done
Detroit has so many talented people! Why are people sleeping on us!!!!
Today I realized I be illling ;)
aw thank you. It was absolutely worth the trip deep into Cobain Country (Raymond WA, south of Aberdeen) to get Kira.
This reminds me of the 96' Team USA exhibition @ AWA right before Barkley was traded. Crowd chanted Charles Barkley 4 last 5 minutes of game
Get on Facebook for like two seconds por favor! (:
I'm all for wearing girls clothes and shit but thats TOO far.
Many tired people use their laptops as a pillow and fall asleep on it!
Leaving the reception had fun but not too much...going home...reading watching family guy and sleeping until the morning
Damn Hotterr den a mf out there
lol. Soo watcha Doing? We Need To Hang Out Sometime This Week!
Members of SAG - be sure to submit your vote on the SAG/AFTRA merger by 3/30!
Just saw a German Shepard pulling two rollerbladers. It got a little tricky for them when the dog wanted to say "hi".
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience
Oh it's no problem at all! I totally forgot anyway. Thanks for letting me know though.
Thanks for reaching out! Great music! I want more.
That's tonight too?? Have fun! 😘
Today's ambulance-chaser law firm mail count = 9.
I meant did u *talk to him
Late night run to WaffleHouse!
“: in Katy” Already! You down the street ;) I spoke too soon Thunder just made it's presence! News said done by 7p
I'm sorry. :( I can tweet you a pic of my evil Shih Tzu, if that will make you smile....
Love it! RT : This subway >>>>> yes GOD hunty!
Lets go indians!
lol. I don't really be on here like that. U right tho I need to step my game up and use it more often.
Cell phones used as a home school connection for class information could be helpful and fast. Great ideas
Back from bellingham tired of stupidity
definitely! Getting intro'd but it'll be fun to do coffee breaks even down here
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself- Ella Maillart
Want to go on Skype with ? Email and let me know why!
Let it burn, Let it burn, Let it buuuuuurrrrrn!
hey & I think y'all should come to the mall in Austin just because im going :)
when you learn something creative it is about imitation, repetition then innovation
thanks #groupon i will be getting a 50 min massage at Pileggi on the Square for 40 bucks... winning
up with sick baby marí
Is today Children's day in US too?
None of it sounds good to me. Then again, I listen to Justin Bieber. :x
Same here. I used to watch it and just cry.
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
I'm going to really be freaked out when pizza shows up to my door!
love the "☼" in your description :D hehe
Congrats Octavia!!!! So deserved...as is the standing ovation!
"Landing pages" are still possible with the new Facebook Timeline. Requires a unique URL.
Look for the silver lining.
I just want to say HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYS to my mum (:
#worstmovietitles "My Big Fat Greek Dick", "Alabama Jones and the Busty Crusade" -John Reul
Damn you did me dirty *falls down*...Fuck it, life is going on still *Gets back up*
shoutout for me please.
FRiEND? :(..and shid nun! Whas up wit it?
thank ya
What restaurant are you at?
quiet. I have a lot of strongly worded emails to hand write.
Going to the movies with Corey and Dad.
I'm doing a skype interview today for Geek Tragedy 4 my Robotech role as Minmei. This should be fun. They want me to sing! That's scary
Nice to see you as well, Bruce. Great speech!
The music for this year's Marching Band show >>>>>>
email i just got: a beautiful married woman on fb cheaters wants you! ...uh...what?
A great morning to go kill this test!!!
Two moments that will never be forgotten: The first time u said" I Luv U <3" && the first time u said " Its Over :("
Hanging out with my roomate today...she is so awesome!!
#FavoriteSong "Don't leave her (If you can't let her go)" by Chris Young <3
coolest pool table we'd like to play on!
In that case I say do it your way and don't worry about them
RT the funny part isn't that cnn covered an empty hot air balloon for almost two hours. its that they're STILL covering it
Ya I think it's new. I've just started using the web app (not on Android yet)
I don't like them, but your column made me like the fact they're there. RT : My column about Carmel's public art statues....
#il2011 blue ftw
LIVE #TREND (last 15 min): #MOST WANTED #KEYWORD #Come pues on page 314
Your a Bipolar mess
When we get live ill give u my PSn cuz without it i cant check and i forgot it..its my bros haha
Everybody loves eminem
I need to stop cooking and go to bed, I have a 5 AM workout...
I've recently shifted the focus of my life goals, with priority one being: To one day become a big-ass gorilla on turntable.fm.
you should just text me
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
In your in the Bay Area, The Chinese New Year Parade is tomorrow at 5:15pm. It's the biggest one in the world (outside of China).
And Spurs beat Clippers. RT : David Stern's worst nightmare: Thunder beat Lakers, Sixers beat Celtics, Pacers beat Heat.
finishing up some exploratory research for comm law then off to bed. been a busy day today.
What about "Twilight?"
"Wait, the Olympics are this summer? In London?" -my husband, who lives under a rock
Actually made me think
Shut down bitches in court. Check. Wedding. Check. Happy birthday to me. Check. Now lets finish making my movie!!!
That's what we do dawg!
Damn..I was looking forward to catching a glimpse of my future husband today or tomorrow :(
With in class (:
80 cupcakes done 40 more to go n the a.m. (all the same flavor) ...no .probbb!
::laughs:: Well can you pass me the dead fetus?... er.. gravy? (old southpark.. forgot how much fun it is)
yes!!! We sure learned our lesson
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Fortune favors the brave – Virgil.
i am this year. Still mapping out shows but looking at california, alabama, washington Dc n a few other places.
Going to overtime at RIT
Haha I expect nothing less. I'm just more pumped for baseball, in general, than I usually am. But I've never been to opening day.
piñata filled with lucky charms
Delicious breakfast and yummy treats in our goody bags - great way to start a conference
WHAAATT!! Packers gets punished for Saint coaches stupidity?? #NoJusticeNoPeace RT Packers' Hargrove suspended eight games bit
good shit ! Wish I really could have came .
hahahaha! we can always do that too! ;)
": Who remembers the early to mid 90s playground sensation known as "Pogs"? Having a retro moment here." I almost remember how to play!
those were the days !
beautiful sunset
you gonna learn how to cook me something?
thanks for the RT! I'm reviewing Joan Didion on Thursday ... I LOVE her.
love to laugh at it now
Google calendar is so far very dependable for me.
good. Why don't you come to my gig tomorrow??? It'll be much better than last time - am I doing this twitter thing right?
Wow. So its 2-1. RT : #Devils won tonight btw. I know you were wondering, haha.
Awesome! New Kits? New Bikes? Even more cupcakes? Long live the jackalope!
plz america tell me u voted for ABDC
I really enjoyed that saxophone solo says no one ever
Sheen Brand Bobby Sandler nice lead in to Don Rickles
I feel so technologically ept!
Who even knew Maroon 5 was a band? “: Oh did you think anyone besides Adam was gonna speak?
. Just read 's piece on Cow Clicker. Had to click "next" four times to finish it. So satisfying.
Our restaurant just passed health inspection and we can finally start moving in and training next week. Its about time!!
There's this lady at the gym that always eats muffins while she works out. Her sweat smells like fucking muffins.
Happy Birthday Brother!
I only like OKC cause their beating the Lakers. I'm not a fan tho.
*Fabolous voice* nice
Yo man. You gotta get with my guy Trust me here. Kid is sick. Hit him up and just hear what he offers.
Jack Kevorkian for White House Physician.
No freaking clue but so damn cute. It's like the Never Ending Story dog.
Fuck that noise. Winning the title on goal differential is absolute bullshit
COFFEE & CUISINE Dinner on 12/14 ft: Yorkshire Pork: house made ham, country biscuits, red eye gravy
Not necessarily. Different occurrence of events if made. RT : But Eagles win that game if clutch kicker makes those 2 FGs
Thx for the follow! We make windows affordable for everyone, so if you tweet deals on windows, we're here!
Think I'll forego Sno*Drift this year, but definitely be checking out Detroit Grand Prix #snodrift #detroitgp # becauseracecar
Thinking back, game 1 is really the only game they should have won. Two cheap goals in game 3, otherwise it could've been in 4
Hey Steve - send me a direct message with you email. I want to get in touch
It feels really odd knowing I'm going to do makeup and I don't have my client chair =\ Something tells me I should have brung it anyway
How can request a transfer just cause an Android becomes the ships captain? What kind of 24th century racist are you?
I'm on Twitter. Does this make me hip?
always enjoy the update on 106.7. Great show Rohland!
Staring at the office candy jar wondering, is willpower like a muscle? Can I strengthen it through use or will I always succumb to the m&m?
thanks for watching, Max.
what's the error? did you try googling the error first to see if anyone else has had the issue before?
RT : You know your staring at an #Aquarius when you can't look away. They are known to be very attractive individuals
I'm good and you? When are we all gonna hang out
so then he shouldn't get jealous!!
Im gunna call you when Im on my way home from class...my dad is in town so we;ve been going to concerts.. :)
RT New Orleans City Park Bikes for rent at the park till 6pm!
someone please give me the scoop on this #SOPA stuff.
where u at?
But wait! Actually, I don't instagram....pheww, I thought I was a goner there for a second. ;)
HAHAHAHAHA. that tweet made me laugh.
Just heard a song on the radio. Definitely a fan!
Hey luvies good morning :)
i caint sleep :-(
Then go to sleep!
Haha maybe not, maybe it's just that we all want to talk
Congrats on finishing the GMAT! Which business schools are you considering?
UGH. I want my headache to go away, so I don't feel like poop tonight. :(
And just like that it's official. Ya boy is FREEDOM BIRD!
better be!
Instead UW gets blame 4 perpetuating it. RT "If Knight hadn't bailed on Wisconsin job in 1968, we could be blamed for this"
RT : I just really hope the next ridiculously popular trend is boycotting jorts.
Pancakes and sangria what more could a girl want on a Friday night?!
I LOVE Campaign Week!
i just liked it and subscribed to yall.
Someone needs to do a reverse sort on the AL East standings. You know it will basically look that way in October.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':11
Officially Opens Mon. June 27, 2011. Visit our website at: www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for details into our UNIQUE SCHOOL'S AGENDA
positive thoughts get positive results
I KNOW!!! I am, too. He deserves this. American Idol is I'm just so speechless!! Yay!!! :D
u might have a million but can they hear you now?
I'd like to see fresh faces in this chat. Even if they are just 'listeners' -- at least they can get a sense of what's at the core of
Anyone at Pickles??? Impromptu night at the yard
very happy that has won a slot between DC National and SFO. Yea! Hope hours are good.
RT:: do u think was trying to say something when she mentioned how her &Emilys sons have the same hair? SMH PEOPLE CRAZY
Dude he seriously said it with a straight face—I LOL'ed so hard.
& we stuffed our faces at cicis. My kind of day :)
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
All our positive thoughts and energy to you!
Hey Love! You sleep well?
merry christmas, everyone!
I know!
That awkward moment when your boss follows you into the restroom to ask you how the meeting went -_-
SGOTY INFO in the bulletin and blog! Check it out...FULL COMP OPPORTUNITY!
I'm very fortunant to have a beautiful and special girlfriend who I can share my life and home with :)
"The food was amazing. It was so colorful! We loved the fresh veggies and salad. And they were impeccably on time! Thank you!"
OK. But like I said, it's kinda in a vacuum RT There's no difference in that respect between Indy BYU & any current MWC team
Sublime, The Shins, andFlogging Molly @ LSP for #beachball2012 just days before my birthday? Hell yes!
Online book reviewers really did not like Bodies in Code.
I love it when someone can equally arouse my intelect
You Ran Up Your Mom's Credit Card Buying Snap Backs And Your Excuse Is #YOLO ? Lol Nice
Thank you so much for the RT yesterday! Happy Tuesday!
whos been arguing on this?x
I need a recommendation for a good dry shampoo
Finished a 6 mile run Greenway, lunch , then plan on grabbing a few beers
I should go running.... But I wont.
I miss you.
it definitely flies by:(
Just had the most traumatizing experience ever involving my my phone and a dumpster!
Jake Krawze: "I have piss on both my legs, and it's not my piss."
even your bio is so unexpected
Congrats Dan & Emily! Much deserved!
RT : Motion to go to 2nd reading adopted without objection.
it's 1:30a. about time to make popcorn
If the Republicans had a debate, I wonder if anyone would notice if just Donald's hair came and was put on a chair.
Not an excuse, just trying to pseudo-rationalize thought process. U of all people know how deep sports allegiance can run.
Fuck that, someone turn me off! 28 years and I need a moment to collect all them quarters y'all been poppin in...
"It's important that we help kids IDENTIFY what their real needs are." #breakingtraditions I'm seeing that HS stdts not too diff from elem
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
My man, you will be an amazing TA for the 2012 AACB. Much love! You totally deserve it!
Can't believe how happy I am to tweet that Hart of Dixie was renewed! Didn't see that coming when I read pilot description!
TOTALLY! I'm loving that humor. Beauty is having a great sense of humor! HAHAHA.
cute smilies! have a happy tuesday! :)
good to see you back :-) we missed you!!!
It's nice to know the wettest March ever is over. In fact it'll be dry today!
Woke up with a sore throat, headache, and swollen lips? Lol WUT.
it'll just be standard. I'll get back to you on the appt. Thanks!
is a virtual company but HQ'd in Boston area. Our sites and might particularly interest you
LMAO!!! OMG!! PREACH!! Lol>>>": Makeup should look like makeup. Not powdered doughnuts."
Your twitter icon is kind of distracting these days.
The only down side is that now my coworkers think i'm more nuts than before. Lol, i'm fine with that :-) . Can't stop looking...
No you didn't RT : Only white ppl can call me Danny. All other minorities call me Daniel.
I'm trying to figure out what Auto-Tune the News will do without Katie Boo
Im waiting for CENA to start to HULK-UP
What features do you guys want next on WebCamWindow?
Heading to the studio all night
I followed(;
If that's true then I hope Larry Scott is listening: What's this I hear about Boise State to the Pac-12...
Mighty Dog & Fancy Feast are on the low end of the food chain & have addictive additives-make it hard to change pets to healthy food later!
Had a wonderful (& delicious) lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter & family!
Check out our online store for our anti aging, skin care, and sunless tanning line at www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
This entire story fills me with rage.
I smell like vodka and Mac jacobs.
I hate remembering at the last minute that I've got a conf call...only to realize that the call is on central time
no she doesn't look at her followers and who she follows
Energized after my Joyologist meeting.
Happy Holidays to all!!!
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't play suspenseful music in the backround.
that is so cold. i hope you are keeping warm!
Keep doin your thing out there ! Do it for you Angels ! We love youu so much ! #KeepitPink , ! Kisses
When I become a promotional whore I'm sure I'll start singing a different tune.
I HAVE BEEN INVITED TO VISIT BAKER COLLEGE TODAY ! YES! My 1st time in a very long time
Way to go!!! Congrats to you both
DJ cooper just hit another 3....this one from 10 feet inside the HALF COURT LINE!
siona benjamin rare jewish indian artist struggles with identity issues,artwork symbolizes passionate american yet clings to indian roots
how about ? He asked if they play the same sport. And an 8 as an athletic play?
Hey NYU undergrads, you can now view your #Phase3 - Room Selection time slot on your 2012-2013 housing application.
Big S/O to Iman Shumpert for comin through Bounce Sporting Club for
Ok will do.. Congrats lady :)
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
& Byrd are planning a Social media networking event Would you be interested in being a speaker?
ayo this yo boy too much lets make some music
If music is in your every breath, then you're singing!
ha ha! Totally forgot about pay phones!
We will try to make it out there on April 20th. Interview?
which gym was that...24 or UCI
No, but there is talk of reviving
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
At Sonics for a bit
Still chop chop chop chop....
Can't wait to see Punk'd it's gonna be DOPE !
sure, just let is know when and what would be involved! Lots of possible talks we could give.
#fldrupal started coding for a cause for this very reason. Good cause...no budget.
It's Wednesday. Happy New Comic Book Day!
Gonna be a great night then choir concert tonight:)
I really need to vent but imma stay calm, I hate this feeling
Just saw Stanton's walk-off. Wow.
Glad the #Flyers finished off the #Penguins like that. They look good w/ a dominant goal-scorer in Giroux and hot goaltender in Bryzgalov.
So excited to be at the Instructional Coaching Conference. Can't wait to share what I learn.
Getting in an argument with a woman is like being arrested, because anything you say can and will be used against you
Rolling-up your jeans so tight that your ankles went numb?
look who's on here :-)
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Sinseven, Panda & Turtle Feet along with Resident DJ XES @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.~ Cynthia Nelms
Our lightship Ambrose is currently closed to the public, but if you're at #SSSMTweetup, there's a tour going on now!
well.. There isn't even a call yet.. Soo. Not very well..
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.”
follow please (:
my momma is here with me
Duke falls to Lehigh, and "We Want Bibby" is trending.
I have good news!! I can move you in earlier if you would like!! Call me at the office tomorrow after 11am!
#FFLV time! That means go check out & especially and (just 2 of our favs)
I used to use grapefruit juice, it did seem to help.
so sorry you got eliminated as I thought you could win whole show.. Been a fan since you were on rock star inxs!!!
love yall too :)
your my rock heres my heart you place me up on a pedestal like i was a star......now God knows dreams come true i love you
In the most pain I have ever experienced
love the hat & the scruff!
I'll take my hash browns smothered, covered, chunked and peppered. #waffle haus
Gov. LePage out of Maine may be my new favorite politician.
Should we put out an Amber Alert for Zimmerman??
must abc have a commercial every 5 minutes jfc.
So, I didn't get to watch the first half of UL vs. State, but was the shot clock working?
you gonna be at taylors tonight?
if it's so black and white, why is it never called. Never seen it called before yesterday. It must happen on occasion
just followed (:
yea I do too. How's virgina goin
Vodka and lemonade watching
Hi there!
we'll settle this at practice bih
“Writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence.” -Alice Walker
Because the good will of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it's a real pleasure at this Holiday time to say "Thank You"!...
Can't believe tomorrow night is the last #PRSSASDSU meeting of the semester! Where did the semester go!?
Best halftime show EVER. Madonna is incredible. OK, cherub on the wire was a bit odd
I have a happy, warm and windproof boyfriend, thanks the r4 is great.
yes, media can drive ppl 1 way or another. espn can b an issue. imp for fans to "try" & make own decision.
What do you think of my new songs? www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
"DETROIT RED WINGS BOO BOO", my kids chant.
It's because i didn't have my phone...
I absolutely love Man vs. Food. I want to visit nearly every place Adam goes. Watching this show makes my mouth get all hungry.
The Cards take care of business again! Go Cards
your so mean to me!! 😰
luv idea of "social reload" but even in HD 1080 on a 45" tv the text is way too small 2 read, especially in white on blue
just friended my music teacher from 1 to 8 grades in FB, brought back many memories.
How is it 55 in California and 77 back in Indiana? The world is off.
I'm getting sick:(
Today reminds me of one of the worst things I heard Charlie Sheen say "Apocalypse Now is the greatest film ever made" It is good NOT great!
Why thank yew!
exactly (and it happens all the time)
happy b day!!!
how to open AVI. files in SONY vegas pro 11 !!!! o it makes me see red ! if smone know how pls to tell me
If there is any sign that the Caps are picking up steam as the season heads toward its conclusion
At breakfast this morning the server asked me about who I was rooting for in the Superbowl. I didn't even know it was taking place today.
lebron should have took long 3pointer! Or passed ball to SuperMan wide open under Rim! He's sprung on Wade!
aww thanks cause
If Tebow is really a Christian, then God loves him. If people think God loves him more than any other, they're idiots.
Joey Shepp (SocialVenture) thanks for the follow.
I will
Good to see you on the tweet machine!
a bartenders life comes with sacrifices :-) you can do it captain!!!!
#follow Breaking #broncos news
nah I changed my mind, wbu
there's definitely something weird going on.
Read tonight about the sanctuary side - leaning toward quiet Thursday
maybe LED grow lights
In Hampden Halloween festival, just saw a man with black-face.
I'm out already :)
It sure does feel good to be home after a long vacation. c:
Give me strength when I'm standing and faith when I fall
thx for reping KC brother! looking forward to talking soon
My lady years ago accomplished the same incredible result. I am poised between humiliation & desire each time I drop my pants!
Warmest Day for #NYC since August 8, 2011 coming our way this afternoon. Forecasting highs in the upper 80s, but not too humid!
Harry Styles Fancies Angelina Jolie But Not Madonna - Gather Celebs News Channel
Josh haters = People who were either dropped on their heads as children, have intense brain damage, or both. I don't understand them...
The Library's catalog will be unavailable starting at 7PM for about 3 hours.
These quotes are anonymous cuz of the 'racism' heat Nawrocki took for Newton comments.
i agree, Ray "slows" the offense cause' everybody plays to set him a screen when he is on the court. More impact off the bench
w00t w00t! Can't wait to work together.
hahahahahaha!!!! Almost as good as that picture of him when he fell down naked!!
Nodding along to Dashboard Confessional's "Hands Down" and getting a few dirty looks. Silly haters, don't judge my pop-punk pop-lock!
Not mass produced locally yet. However sales of it are booming in Guatemala and Serbia.
My dreams are trying to tell me something
love u
ok, bedtime.
Get to your game,
WOOT! Just move the band out here. Then we can have many more nights like last night! (minus the creep) ;P
Guess What Guyss? I Am Marrying <3
he must be good then, cause I rarely see anyone with the 3 car
The greater the test, the greater the testimony.
Get us 3,500 likes on the facebook & we will post our new video!
In other news: Polenta with beef ragout. It's what's for dinner.
Memories last more than a life time....
Drew: I wet my pants and have changed so I can do it again when Kansas loses. You with me?
That awkward moment in class when everybody is quiet and your friend and you are the only retards talking.
2mro is OPEN MIC NIGHT at Jalens! No buy in! BYOB! $5 cover 21 and up. Come sign up 4 next week! DJ SPIN running sound! Holla for info!
Me too! “: I love that you pointed out that hiring should be based on culture not just skills #smcrva”
savor it..enjoy it :) busy summer ahead
great to hear from you!.we would love 2 feature you on our success blog with a link to your website..how should we contact u?
send me a picture!
Been on a weird high since May 21st. #therapture Maybe there was something to that after all.
Love the Essential Mariah Carey! Hoping to hear new music from you soon!!!
I actually like getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, now that I have my excellent one back. I don't think I'm in fetish-land w/ it, tho.
Chillin at home #pretty good night.
Ikr im mad he didn't pick us though): smh!
wife or knife?
I love being batalie :)))))(
Tighten that D! No clean looks #letsgoheat !!!
Renew thyself completely each day; do it again, and again, and forever again.
Have a great new year and BE CHOOSEY!!
All these accusations I deny them but secretly in my heart I wish they were all true
thanks for saving Jessica - clearly viewers are not Listening- I mean really!
I still have my oyster card too! Methinks we should go back to London and crash at the Crofton haha
Applying for more jobs...I could do floral arrangement...right? I mean, I DID take that 1-credit sports&rec class about flowers once. Right?
Time for a 15 min break then back to work and I'm off thank the lord lol
I hate being hungry but nothing sounds good!
Thanks to all the new followers. In the past 24 hours we've gone from 12 to 82, and we're just getting started!
Diagnosis: sprained elbow. This thing needs to heal up perfectly before I travel. Meanwhile popping ibuprofen like
yes but its on June 13th so frustrating as its so close to the right time and a place I wanted to go when in london
the concert & hotel.
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU TEXTED ME!! & wont you get in trouble if I come, aha
That mean after Two next should hang up Falt screen plasma...lol
Most men who finally figure out women usually die early, so I remain stupid for all these years LMAO
MT "The U.S. must make things again." When you actually make things, you have jobs.
Solid...wait for it...arity
Thanks for the follow y'all! "LIKE" us on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/subcowboysband
It's finally Friday! Stoked for our show tonight in SF and tomorrow in LA with :) hit us up for tickets!
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears. Woodrow Wyatt
Sendd me a number and me and will rate youu;D
Mitt Romney says it's ok to be a gay boy scout and not a gay lover. So many dolphins died in Peru.
no. its something u said to me on fb last week.
Yes, I was there during the 3.5 year draught!
We'll be presenting with their check for winning the #SororitySwirlOff tonight at 7 at Pinkberry Magazine Street!
Yes, OCLC, of course when I searched for "Journal of Teacher Education" I actually meant "Junie B. Jones - Aloha-ha-ha" :)
hey BFF , what time ?
lol yes of course she did :) Chipotle
Hahah I know it's really early for this, but Happy Birthday Austin! Loll. (:
yea me to every1 is pasedf out drunk already
If you need a safe 8-10 points, go with Hardesty, if you think you might need more, go Torain
You can forget that with this loss tonight. Next home game, tumbleweeds will be rolling around arena
Hey #SESNY, stop by and say hello to team #SESNY booth307
No, he wanted luxury of being able to address the issue on his own but Rose brought it up sooner to help his point. low blow
Reminds me of the home disaster recovery firm SERVPRO. I want a name change but not sure about this one
let's take this to DM.
Hit a speed bump in #SOCCER already corrected the situation and won todday, the ROI on all bets in April over 70 percent now on to #MAY :-)
I heard Gene D and Zuckerberg are launching a company called twofacedbook. He beta tested with Coach Jags , record was 20-8
N/P "Welcome To H-Town" -- Ft and On The Hook
someone's gotta give..how 'bout you?
This weekend is going to be busy. 
I'm thinking cutting it one more time for prom then letting it grow out? Yea doe. Sounds like a plan.
Well today sucked ... 😞
With the risk of sounding redundant I'm going to have to say it again, this March Madness is really living up to its name, whats next?
I'm attending a powerful conference in Montreal this weekend. I expect it to add a lot of power to my consulting.
- We should definitely get together and talk Philip - I'd like to get an update on BuzzLabs - we definitely need a metrics partner
Chappell's show>
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!
AW... you didn't have to, but you RT'd me!!! Thanks!
We're setting up some awesome tour dates... Where should we come next!?
Dear Blackberry, Why the cellphone with white color are costlier than the black one. Sincerely, Stop being racist.
dudee that was awesome. And may I say your an amazing dancer, Hahahaha that made my life.
ARGH! My headphones broke! The left phone snapped off! This is bad news. I can't make it without headphones. Good thing it's my Friday.
The #lions are fucking terrible. Haha get smacked dick suckers. Kyle Orton is a bitch too.
Q: Are you a mac or pc crab? A: I've seen the future, and it's having other people do everything for me.
has to have the sexiest voice on earth. Oh baby. Xx
RT : RT Don't try and duck from what life throws at you, learn to catch it and throw it back
Here&#39;s what they think about you- NWA Phil Mushnick&#39;s &#39;comments ...
so excited about tomorrow! fiesta texas!! :D ..my favourite theme park!
We were just listening to Whitney sing the National Anthem at a high school bball game last night admiring how awesome her voice was... :(
What you do is a real service - looking forward to re-tweeting your messages...
Lol!! because they're loud and just so unexpected
is this from her book?
They make me so tired!
Both! RT : can we find your music on YouTube also? Or just iTunes?
Happy #Tuesday! Thanks for the submissions to the free/discounted tickets #contest! Winners will be announced #tomorrow!
Getting an ice bath YO!
Tonight my therapist told me I'm a man. In that, I mean I am devoid of any emotions.
u knw it
Ready for Mission: Impossible - Content Management at
"a yellow belt and then i quit" -omfg i gotta love himm t$
so when's the first date? ;-)
Great news. Great friggin news.
4:00? Seems early, but I'm game.
New York strips....wine.....wife goes to bed.....gin.......good valentines day!!!
Small world! We're a block away from the Exeter Inn and the edge of the Phillips Exeter campus.
Just had great customer service from someone at the hq. I love this organization.
Great point.
The All Star game was weak. The Oscars was weak. The Apprentice was weak. I need some strong real soon.
ik the feeling mine all ways tingle an get so sore I don't want to walk girl
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone! Be safe. Eat well.
My heart cant take no more lies & my eyes are all out of cries .
"We're expecting shenanigans," Bosh said. How gay are you man? Shenanigans? Really? Just come out - it's ok.
Mahomies gonna love<3 And Support you all the way(:
thinking about growing some more of those heirloom chickens. Anybody (local) interested in jumping on the wagon?
I need you to print that out for me and bring it to me. I don't have time to do those things.
lol alright girl
Don't let anybody shatter your dreams!!!
And should be fighting 4 us NOT 4 his Chicago Thugs, Handlers, Bundlers & Donors which he pays off w/Green Scam
We hope everyone is having a WONDERFUL Wednesday!!! - The crew at AvantGarb
Enjoyed interviewing the great talent involved in a well-written play appearing in LA. Pedro Infante La Suegra Triunfante: via
great food tonight. HORRIBLY long wait for our food. 20 minutes to take care of the bill. Seriously?
Best sports week of the year...
You guys are to kind. Thank You!!! for the support.
thanks for the follow!
Psh! Lol what will you be in Orlando for, work or vacation?
Austin are you really moving?
Just got to fly a combat mission with my buddy Jeremiah!
That moment when you realize you have a bunch of friends but no best friends. Just good friends that come and go.
thank you!
Love you! RT : Congratulations! PRO Sports Communications are the best in the biz!
Let's be fwends on FB
Latest wx models indicate potential for mix of sleet/freezing rain to possibly cut down on snow totals near Milwaukee.
#OpOliver station prep for the #EcoHustle with
would you like a side of no?
are we in a fight?
Stop by the Marketplace of Ideas today if you can. I'm presenting a poster about PSC Science Cafés & would love to chat!
Happy New year. there's no reason to thank me. i always said that i would follow every single fan that follows me.
You sure you didn't write that in? And when do we get to try them? :-) (best #wings in #cville)
Taxes done. I owe federal, like, a thousand bucks. I owe state 14 bucks too.
RQ! “: I swear I just got like 10 RT's within the past 5 seconds o_o”
A bar inspired by the stock exchange. Cool idea.
hey there in Dallas!
my son was in 1st grade and it was so hard to explain 911 to a little boy!!!
I know of a few companies that are using but I'm not sure if there is a community here.
Agreed.. Strategy got left by the wayside there.
ben is a fan fav but may be a little for lack of a better word boring. rt @ PS_ItsMaddie They could of chosen a different bachelor -.-
Likewise! RT : excited to be ur neighbor in a few months. Love your pizza & a few cold ones.
RT : Hydration nudgie. Go drink a glass of water. Before enjoying Happy Hour or Dinner down a glass of H20. Refreshing.
I know right!
hey Rob... where can I get the "Believe" shirt I saw you wearing on the Ridiculousness previews?
Thank you for the follow, , you're a great American!
thank you for following the #Rivoli theatre
the #miamiheat have one L in past 20 games. the #clevelandcavs have one W in past 20 games.
It is another Wednesday Nite with Joe Hite at the Belmont Tavern -The sun is shining, the weather is beautiful! What more could you ask for!
His aunt :/
in bed accordin 2 my mom ^.^ im supose to go to sleep gotta wake up at 6 for skool but i dnt wanna so im hear xD
If the Grizzlies were in Nashville instead of Memphis, they would have so many more fans
Thanks Ariel for following us ;D xoxo
yep :D
#AGirlDeserves it all, if she's been a faithful girlfriend (:
I'm in a terrible mood! Grr! This mood makes me overuse exclamation points! But it's not as bad as my misuse of ellipsis mood!
Good Morning and #HappyMonday all! Let's get working
oh yeah!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! This world is better for having you in it!
Boo Eric Canter
