Perfect weather, goin on a run!
RT : Museums change the way we look at things and think, they revitalise people and cities
Busy in the kitchen again... day two of pies!
Same thing happened to me once (screen broke, not sure whose fault), and they replaced for free!
What did you have for dinner?? Hope it was great...
When you rock at something, never do it for free!
CeCe McDonald just took a plea deal. She gets manslaughter and up to 3.5 years in prison for defending her life from a violent bigot.
hey!!! You back in school yet?
I figured you and the mrs would be on honeymoon mode, but if you're offering...
Stats is blowing my mind right now. To do a dependent or independent t-test... that is the question.
..it's just disheartening to me. The internet can and should be used for good but instead it's an extension of these annoying personas..
dm me your number
d'awww, baby, wuvs you to
Dear stop pussy footing around and just say that you're the president for ALL Americans, not just the straight ones.
Hitting the woods early! Need to get a camera to film hunts!
Ps3 OR X Box???
How did you'd meeting with the board go?
Low battery. Happy Afternoon to all. Will tweet back when in NY. ;)
Not complaining. The principals of shooting are the same, whether it's an HD camera or a B&W camera from the 1940s.
aren't they all??
I don't vote
I cant explain it but DIVINE DIRECTION lets me know that I am on the path
haha ill have to check it out
I really wish I understood this convo lmaoo !
Happy Birthday Vanessa!!!! You look good as always and u don't look your age. You are one of the greatest moms in the world!!
have a GREAT Monday!!
Boo! RT : Lets go patriots!!
In Syracuse, Halloween is a winter holiday, apparently
You know when I go to bed this early something's wrong #sick #goodnight 💤✌
holy fuck i cannot "name the property illustrated in each equation" fuck this
So sad to hear Teena Marie has passed away. RIP Lovergirl!
you should grab you a laptop and some turntables
I use to. We moved once my sister was born Well she actually my cousin but we call her my sister since our aunt adopted us.
I meant i guess no
#sharkweek We're going to need a bigger boat, it's Shark Week!
"He needs to be demoted. He can't pitch. He sucks."
Ta da!!!! Super moon!
Sounds like a hot story. Maybe you can tell it to me and then I can pitch it to you and then you can write about it.
Hehe. I bet you look adorable getting all shy. Smooch :)
just to save 25 sec
Joliet, IL you guys rocked tonight!!! 👌
Heyy! What's going on?! Love you :)
I'm so excited for the weekend! :D
Surprised at 1st MLB game. Braves? Phillies? Nats? RT At my first professional baseball game and enjoying it. We need runs ASAP!
Chuck Brown - The Party Roll
I have my tickets for "The Avengers" tonight! Beyond psyched to see Loki tear it up!
Just recorded my #survivor review. and boy its a long one. will have it up in a few.
stations also need to tell a story about their value to the comm., beyond just a big stick. can't do that with pl. virts
It's a perfect week for it! Enjoy!
Trying to love our enemies, while remembering the innocent people they murdered, all of our heroes and those who protect us today.
TRAFFIC - Hwy 151 Between Hwy G & Hwy S (South of Beaver Dam) closed due to a previous rollover accident - traffic is being rerouted.
who's going to the #UWGB vs BUTLER game tonight ?
wifey in pool.
Damn no demand at all? Now I can see why you guys aren't coming over here. I'd really like to see you guys live sometime tho
The restaurants take those fees out of the tips servers get from those, which is why I always tip in cash if I use my card or not.
why are four things about sex trending?
u up what's da move sleep when u die lol
Similarly, I burn 20s! RT : When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
I'll wake up at 6. Be out of the house by around 7. Go to Starbucks for my daily coffee. I'll be at school by 8!
"where does she park her spaceship?"
Thanks for the #FF!!
Lovely image!
thank you..... But I don't think so: (
I DONT KNW WHY PEOPLE ARE COMING TO TWITTER WIT THEY RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS #KEEP THAT SHYT ON FACEBOOK
Then stop tweeting & take car of it lol!
Got that new mix/master over to you... Check your email and/or the Dropbox folder
Take a nap.
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT & your 1st month is FREE & we'll take 50% off the enrollment fee!! Ask about our family plans!! 414-453-5425
what kind of hateful person can tweet (much less think) something like that? What a sad life that girl must lead.
Just followed
Its been raining/cloudy for the past 2 weeks now & all this weather makes me wanna do is sleep.
Whos going to the steelers fan fest next saturday?
Ok by yall
How u been?
Thanks for your kind words.
Twitter showing that Nugget Nectar has landed in the Philly area at and Capones
Had a fun recording session today w/ & . We made kickstarter reward improvs. Gonna go mix them now.
God thank you for protecting Isaiah and I..we shouldn't be here after what just happened
Start posting cute Easter pics of the kids... please ;) RT : Happy Easter to you too!
. this is why i need more Twitter followers.
Thanks~~ I have more to getcha soon! I just moved my office & am getting settled, but I'll have a bunch sent in a week or so!
I don't want no stinking burgers...
Your hand on my shoulder, a meaningless movement
Major News! Golf Quests, Inc. (parent company of My Golf Concierge) just partnered with Golfweek Magazine to offer an exclusive deal for al…
Okay guys. When kenzie and i skype tonight we will decide on our #RObot winner. thanks for being patient!
is the moving screen no longer a foul if it is done against duke? This is getting ridiculous...
One crazy dude is smelling up this entire BART train. Whoa.
Get yourself a Leap Year gift. Its a once in a every four years chance. "Many Waters/Many Floods" $4.99 on iTunes!
When I see people do cross fit training at la fitness I lol. Enjoy no gains
Great Night at SigEp, Really starting to feel like a brother
I don't understand why center grove and greenwood girls r fighting. U guys r putting ur selfs on each others level please stop fighting. 😖
#ThreeWeeks till our jolly off to begins.
idc as long as is happy
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head.
Did you go to the Jimmy Buffett concert last night @ RoseGarden? what was your favorite part of the concert?
Dear Internet People: What is some of the best or worst dating advice you've received from your mom? For a project... and also for my life.
Shouts 2all the moms grocery shopn
I'm officially a fan of One Direction.
I keep calling my puppy and kittens, puppito and kittenito. Makes me think of you! I miss you!
Is it nice there?
Having two tests tomorrow and one of them is in first period.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust12343
Glad you enjoyed it too!
At TED and listening to Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn. Thought this was a good place to share that! :) He's one of 80 riveting speaker…
gotta grind so fukin hard that shit bring u to tears
#nowplaying Jason Mraz - I Won't Give Up. so so pretty!!
thanks again for getting me my lost holiday cards to quickly! they have gotten rave reviews!!!
u know how we do Lil bruh, u hear big bruh doe??? :-) yea
Great, I am in the wrong apartment. That is embarrassing.
Oops I mean never return # fail
my FBB team name is ACL Damage for my own injury, but I may just change it to Brewers.
AJ McLean And His New Wife Are Having A Baby Some celebrities have their publicists dispense baby news and others use an interview to sur
I really just don't care anymore.
The porn bots are my favorites. I just wish one of them would bite the bullet and call herself Anita Cox.
Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training. Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants
Our wings - now 50% bigger!So basically you're getting 1.5 wings for price of 1.And you don't have to be a math wizard – that's a good deal.
Your welcome! :)
If it makes you feel any better, the exhibits totally stink.
I fucks with that original version of blackenedwhite with a 64 mp3 thrown in there
Congratulations on the launch!!! We are definitely glad to hear that!
A bar is a social place,not a nursery. Spill a #beer, clean it up. Drop a glass, ask the staff to clean it up, then blame it on someone else
those are the three best movies<3 we love our little Joshy
Hossa was skating with his head down!! It's a CONTACT sport, you know that...Hockey & football is turning to a tag sport!
Hey you're making a big mistake cancelling The Finder. Bring it back for a 2nd season!! The fans want it!
Eve Jewels is donating a portion of their sales to us & giving u free shipping!
. Hey! Isn't "a better way" 's ad campaign?!
HAPPY CHAMPAGNE THURSDAY!!!! A chilled glass of bubbly topped off with blueberries would be perfect right now.
SF fans trying to will Lincecum out of the inning with Aramis Ramirez in 3-2 count with 2 outs and bases drunk; crowd on its feet
grand panama city beach resort and hell yeah
Taking contraception is still voluntary. If catholic bishops are confident of their position just ask their followers not to take it.
I'll be right over
dont u want to wait and vote for the best dancers?!
Hi everyone.
Message in saliva..interesting and good to know
watching nyc 22 on cbs so far its pretty good
Don't miss #PLA12 Trends in Genre Series, 2pm all-star lineup of our authors plus
Wow, what is Eddie's job status now? I actually hate NBA, but really how slow&methodical can u really play w/a 24 second clock.
to be specific, you articulate the "p" (put lips together), but don't release the puff of air, I'm a speech therapist, lol!
popping in to say hi! how are you tonight?
Osama Bin Laden is dead!!! Justice has been served!!!
“: we got another one for you. Are you back in town? #damiesNrunnies”
Great conversation -- the project will certainly benefit from your insights
Great minds think alike, I guess?
Tactic for victory = devouring supporters.
havent been on here in forever lol{:
Just picked up in Madden 12 with the Bears
#ireallywant a pet penguin🐧
so happy to b home
This is the longest dry streak (14 days) The Locks Law Firm has gone w/o filing a lawsuit, gotta expect one by week's end.
already bro I see you, just lemme know when you ready we doing major concerts out here mayne!
TOMORROW The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower, I Am the World Trade Center, Ted Nugent $9
Happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510 Day! (Special thanks to my Geometry teacher for a # I can't forget)
Good morning XD
thank u so much. Its ok if not, I can wait and see it online when y'all give us that pleasure. Im excited for the show :)
Man, new Linkin Park blows.
dude, worlds collide: run a conf
YES, exactly!
a real throwback would be a Hey Arnold marathon, Rocko's Modern Life, etc.
Stay Humble and Hungry!
Question 1 ~ This one is easy! What is Austin's favorite color?!(:
Things do not change; we change. ~Henry David Thoreau
sat and sun
CONGRATS MY NIGGA !!!! DO YO THING!
4 and a half shows left. Yes at intermission now. How wrong is this to be texting during a show.
Wait till you visit Houston, haha
"That lady looks like a pony" says the 4 year old. Please tell me it's just the hair.
I love sleeping ❤
Looking for someone with strong benefits experience interested in an Enrollment Coordinator/Special Projects Manager position - 35-40K!
Try me.
They Played Frank Ocean- Thinking Bout You on the radio>>>>>> woo
Librarians meeting at Downtown library at noon to march together to Capitol. wiunion
Cleaning the garage out
dude…i was amazing. I had to learn 'Smile' for a wedding last year with , I need to get an orange blazer now...
Another great resource! Thank you!
I like rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
What's wrong with it? Lol. RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet >> haha
": "Suppose we had..." #math #mrD" if I hear that one more time...
#sschat Thinking about having my students create an on-going #wikispaces for the school year utilizing different web 2.0 tools, good idea?
What a good last full day in LA! Toured access hollywood and host extraordinaire talked to the class. Back to chi in 1 day :)
just talking shit lol how are you?
Pet Peeve: People who have no motivation to better themselves in anyway and then rely on everyone else
I can haz too? “: bring your bike up to sac and we can go on a bike riding buckhunter all city tour!”
On my way to another cold city!! GR here I come :)
Any ideas..searching for a delicious restaurant in Milwaukee
that. Is. Awesome. Oh, and can't wait to see you!
On flipside, this is why a platform ppl rally around is great: "We are constantly improving Armstrong" -- yes, I'll take that
Today in 1979, Andrew Lloyd Webber opens #Evita on
#Oomf is Bouta get the whole cold shoulder -__-
Enjoy! RT : : My Wilcotour2012 starts tonight!
I put my phone down, come back to RT n my @ disappeared...
RT : Quite a few DJs need to worry less about matching clothes and more on matching beats and that is the Gospel
Bored in my 2nd period
As a newcomer to Facebook Fan Pages, I find it a little frustrating, anyone else? But women are powerful and I too will endure.
Follow your passion & live off of inspiration.
New Asus Zenbook for work, love getting new tech on a Friday!
What TV show made your childhood? :3
Hmm. Someone is threatening legal action for comments on my blog. Anybody have precedents out there?
I so enjoy April showers. Something just makes them so peaceful.
And oh, we're "click-y." Apparently none of these people were given a sense of humor with their MLIS.
Writing a grant for a new opera that combines gender as performance, government funded zoos and a house of very troubled frauleins
RT : If u have flyers or Promo items u need marketed out in atlanta call 404 593 0914 ... Budgets only
Then i take back my last statement. i thought it was just $350 k. The $1 million would hardly cover what needs to be done..
Don't you think fans and media have right to criticize their teams poor decisions?
Buenos Dias :)) Today you should have some Pineapple.
cartoons are the shit!
except it wasnt me, it was my better half, today.
Man its been a min!!! I can't wait til the 5 o'clock
Thank you! i earned my legendary status
Seattle: how it is possible I can love you, hate you, and also not be bothered to give a damn about you, depending on the day?
RIP to my homie Nate Dogg- I hear all Doggs go to heaven.
talking to my best friend jackie on skype(:
now I remember why I hate finals week so much. Probably shouldn't have spent 8 hours watching movies yesterday
Great film tour you produce! Read about 'cause of Anne Makepeace's We Still Live Here. Can't wait to work with you in few years.
AND MY MOM ISN'T PICKING UP THE PHONE D:
wow...is the state that severely divided? How do both sides co-exist on other issues? Never underestimate evangelicals
drawing up some logos tonight, t shirts on the way!!!
Happy Easter everyone (:
About to get dressed.
Right back at ya, Noland!
I'm a sucker for mystery and thrillers
"you like your guitar more than your vagina."
that is so sweet :) makes me so proud!!!
hate = unacceptable
Mendelssohn's Elijah features the stunning reply to the peoples feverish petition to Baal to aid the people... complete silence
All that money, the money is the motive. Girl, put in work, girl, girl put in work.
Is your HS senior graduating next year? Create memories that last a lifetime with one of our portrait packages.
You've read Thomas Tweed? I need to revisit him. Had very mixed feelings about Crossing and Dwelling.
All SKC so far.
Whew! Just finished the last graduation announcement. Congratulations to all grads! Commencement just one week away ...
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
do you like being an actress?
RT : "Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer." Romans 12:12
I caught smoking weed.
thats whats fcked up about it, it doesnt need to be. haha oh ok. good one.
us too! Thx
Kevin heart is a funny kat got my side hurting
my bed is calling me. night:)
what time
HAHAHA! tuuuuunahhh! that's so fun to say! and lololol i love us! why do we cause a scene everywhere we go? -_-
I had an insensitive and inappropriate response to this all set to go. I'll just leave it at "GOTS 2 BE".
and they were way b4 ur time
You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Dear God when I'm #fighting with my alter ego #Please let Hillary win and not Martisha
Honduras just got lucky... Mexico hits the post in the 86th minute...
The ignorance, arrogance, and denial of clearly marks him as totally unfit to serve the people. I throw my shoes at you, sir.
Aw, hi!! Thank you so much!! RT I love "Stupid and Seventeen". I cant stop listening to it!!!!!! :)
Getting pumped for tonight!! Ready to start the new year right!
I have no problem with acknowledging another pretty female :p
Cinco De Mayo Celebration Tomas tonight @ 7:30 for dinner and drinks. Meet us Senor Tomas!
i'm on book
If the Sixers beat us, I will admit to crying in the locker room and never having the ability to be as good as Jordan.
My heart sank after hearing the news of Japan
What did you think of Taylor Swift's performance of "MEAN" ?
AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!! AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!! AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!!
are you really takin it next year? And because dnt u have 3rd with her lol?
What is art?... Self actualization peppered by influence and shaped by time. Just a thought.
Thanks so much for the mention. Keep in touch!!!
Off to see Cabin in the Woods with I have high expectations after all the hype. I highly doubt I will be disappointed.
when you coming back to beertown bill e? We miss you!
Okay, okay, okay...I am officially done with horoscopes. Don't ask!
I tweets her to much....im so jelous ;/
Whoa...GOOD to hear ur an iOS Developer now!
I mean at least you know you got an a for negotiating with your crush
I can't say how excited I am that you are following me! I've got so much respect for you! :-)
Karen, definitely. You?
How mny peeps r on twitter at 1:07 in the morning?? True ICONiacs r!!!! TeeHeee
Context for my tweet is that I no longer work in publishing so I am allowed such misuse of the word.
thanks for the
cool! BTW, what happened to the Grizzly's? Was actually pulling for them.
My May Day started with me biking to work. My body now hates me. But it won't soon. Good luck out there, warriors.
What a gorgeous sun rise this morning, #rva! (via ) Indeed!
You'll get over it just like Larry Bird!
Agree. I have lurked when my main interest is to follow and get info. Jumping into discussion can distract.
Not soon enough! I love SF though, and try to get there at least a couple times a year to see friends.
2000 tickets out for Fridays show at club firestone! We hope your coming out.
I think the most ignorant thing you can do is negatively judge someone you have never spoken to in your life.
Uh this gonna be a rough couple weeks
Pivotal Tracker all the way! :)
Our 2012 Legislative Agenda was approved this morning. Will post here shortly.
I am SERIOUSLY loving this weather. It feels like spring!!
Getting into the swing of ios5. A new friendship begins. Lovin new notifications and camera controls
Jusss got off work! Going home and taking a nice hot bath! Whoo, goodnight tweeps!
Can't wait to read it next! : My #fridayreads is Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER? ”
haven't looked yet but thx in advance for this. signed, bad day.
You might want to rethink that gmail profile picture of you, bikini-clad, in a swimming pool, when sending a query. Just saying.
Yeah... I didn't think that would do Anything.
Ready for a relaxing weekend.
Back to the grind.
damn I get unfollowed?! Keep it real fam!
And a great show followed by a delish meal at the Modern. Craftstravaganza and pot roast, perfection!
This discussion has PAWWWWWWWL written all over it.
#SMWcampaign: - Are people more powerful? Hard to find signal through noise in #socialmedia - most shouting unheard into void?
Now following
How do hurricanes see?-With one eye
Soo this guy Kony and LRA has been at large since the 70's...why now is pop culture paying attention?
Looked awesome!
I have Lived world of Personal Development My whole life. You...ROCK!...Quick question on presentation and structure
Trying to straighten out invoices with Lyrasis. It's not easy.
Hey J.W. and Plax says Big Ben is his favorite QB! Geez
Stay close to your computer tomorrow! Not only do I have a great feeling about hitting 500 fans but we have more surprises for you!
Looks like another boring Friday night for this guy
RT RT if you believe in miracles.
11th grade astronomy class. We watched tv all day. Our oct band trip scheduled for NYC was then changed to new Orleans.
cant wait to get a job
Tried your boss to no avail...How about amending HR1070 to exempt offers under $5m from state regulation?
It'll be tough to make - this is my last weekend to pack. I promise we'll hang before I go in 2 weeks :)
UM you should probably twitter yourself in private RT : RT : RT : hi
hes about to leave soon u should do a YouTube video with him
"I can be all you need, wont you please stay with mee?"
Art is Luminous! Answer our FB trivia to win a family pass !
your tweets are amazing, just like you <3
Economic obsolete not an issue over looking LA River Center Street Hguhes Tech Towers Fiber Optics DEC Web OS
u r wlcome
Re: Frozen Bike Rack Kick it....pour warm water on it....Leave the bike at home cuz if the rack is frozen it's too damn cold! ;)
Elliot really shouldn't leave his cell phone where people can find it, what with him being a pigfucker and all.
Love your perspective - you inspire me
fight against us but our team is too deep & our defense is too strong. The bench is showing them that right now in the 4th.
gone off a fifth and it's not even noon;P
have Mike change the name of the show to the "Phil Dawson Show" for a day
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see adele rolling in the deep
RT You know me too well! I had a good laugh. may just be my new read for the running season!
See ya there!
Snow coming down. Take back what I told #meganmcglover. :D Fundraiser 4 ABQ! Go 2 store & buy up all tbl salt & donate 2 city. Clr the roads
drinking the $5 PBR and bourbon special. Btw the veggie sloppy Joe sliders are the jam!
I am fine w/ it.
Justin Bieber on ridiculousness?
#shippingwars is funny. The old people certainly likes talking smack.
i want spiderbites. what do you think?
We grinding like clipse, if it ain't money keep my name off yo lips
so im sitting here waiting for you to follow me... will that day come?
what kind of job are you looking for?
": #ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo put my education or family before you."
that's why I'm not really a bettin man.
Up next on the TJMS: Raphael Sasdiq chats with the crew!
Hey i just followed you, And this is crazy, But i just love you, So follow me, Maybe?
The lamest people will be bumpin his shit in their parents car -__-
When our dog listens to me but not Amy hahaha
hope yours was happy, too!
Goodnight good people (:
#LEARNING!! baka is a lot more fun to say over and over, though.
had a great time with you baby loved our deck time and the pool! xo
bravo's playing maywood today! :D
poor get hit with regressive use & consumption taxes that eat up small incomes
Just finished watching 21 jump street and they stopped texting me. Oh! And I feel like shit
had to follow
hey will all of you TRUE directioners out there follow this up and coming singer on youtube for me she is RT when u have
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Alb. Hispano Chamber & we're also a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque!
RT : Warm and fuzzy feelings right now at the year end gathering.
any folks in Lawrence want to meet up, we are at the outhouse. I already called dibs on the bbw ladies tonight.
My first trip to NYC has been booked! Thank you for the amazing deal. Now what should I see and where should I eat then? :-)
I arise each morning torn between a desire to strengthen the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
Thank you! I'm glad you love me video's. I agree with you, touching cute clothes is a way to make sure its actually is cute. :)
Fixin' to defy the laws of physics w/gravity-defying lifts this AM!
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is this Sunday!!!! Make sure you get your tickets!!! Contact any
Our programs are designed to empower our Shelter residents to regain their independence & to be self sufficient members of our community.
see i would say there's probably more beards, but with the growing number of ladies, the web dev peeps might sweep!
Good night tweethearts. I just finished watching Aaliyah One In A Million on BET. Set your DVRs if you haven't seen it. Beautiful tribute.
My room has bottles of margarita and triple sec...Ew #girldrinks Someone pass the jack and beer...
Perhaps all that energy was used on that 16-0 run in the 2nd. Hope the #Celtics have something left in the tank.
Benjamin Disraeli~ The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
who wants to follow 4 follow. who needs promo. check out my page.
On road to HHI
“: #rapids 4 tickets for $50? Add on $25 for that's rubbish mate
Can't wait to play with (CD release!) and tonight at ! cc:
Congratulations. When's the celebration? We're starving! ;)
#WhenImBored i will go far away, no matter how much i will spend, no matter what i may encounter.
“I like to say that Twitter is like a bar, Facebook is your living room and LinkedIn is the local chamber of commerce.” - BSStoltz
: I'm an early bird today!
new to twitter
getting ready for school. not happy to be going grrr. i love my ashly (:
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW YOU BACK! I FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS ME!!!! :)
i love you sandro but what the fuck is wrong with you today?!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Release party last night! The album will be available shortly for online download!
People will always talk. And everyone wonders why I keep to myself.
Hi Analeigh, the #FilmBreak team would love to meet you this Saturday from 8-11pm at West at Hotel Angeleno in Bel Air
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year. ~ Thomas Tusser
lol ur crazy !! :) I can already imagine u doing that. Lol. I can't wait till tomorrow !!
#np Bread- Yellow ostrich. such a perfect song.
Lately I'm intrigued by the waterfall web view at various times during the day versus mapping my lists to Tweet deck.
Totally napped longer than I meant to... Oops!
When is US/NATO going to get the hint they aren't really welcomed in Afghanistan? Always some1 in uniform/ Afghan soldier shooting them down
My Dad ordering at Starbucks is the most entertaining thing. "Hi can I have a grandayy strawberry strobee with mint"....like what?!?
RANDI IT'S HAPPENING LIKE WHAT HAPPENED IN THE BOOKS
Hey you, jumping lunges ... go die.
I'm not either. I have hockey till 10 though
Acting like thugs on the internet<
Keisha is so tiny.. she's Royce size!!!! But you cant really tell (or im slow as hell)
#RnBThrowBacks : They Don't Know ~ Jon B
f**** ya, it's messed up...now we got to rely on boozer...sad
America, spread your golden wings.
us directioners better get you and 1D to ATL!!
Now following
Thanks for the spotify invite :)
The National Cathedral is one of the most impressive monuments in Washington DC. Come take a pick and learn about this prestigious.today 2pm
Thanks for the shout out Anna, come visit us soon :)
I never tire of hearing "Christmas Wrapping."
Quit using the bad fathers you know as an excuse not to say #happyfathersday. You don't use that excuse on Mothers day!
hey thanks! Hope everything is well in CA.
#atheist so u know idgaf.
follow back please
ya u do
feel better!
Nothing like GameOps shutting down in the middle of a game. Im not an electrician, but power to the scorers table is kind of important.
Amen! Good morning to you!!
Had a great time last night being interviewed on Karen Allyn's TV show. Have a radio interview in TX on the 21st.
Um, could you go back to DMX?
Is that Gael being Gael or Rome's "real" clay not being so friendly?
Justins Skype: J*B*94**x* - Justins Cell#: 551-***-**** want the rest? follow - im only picking 10 winners!! (HURRY!)'!!!
Another weekend of great football...
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<317
Blanket on- hot. Blanket off- cold. 1 leg out- Perfect. until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it and drags you down the hall.
she in love wit drugs dat pussy get licked up
OMG. I know I say Glee is good, like, all the time, but IT IS SO GOOD TONIGHT.
So stoked for today's #rocktherange event. Come out to the show if you can. If not watch it live on ransom.tv
Eerily reminiscent of attempts to use the military’s land for the airport. We saw how well that went.
Will Rage be coming to protest the fascists at the RNC this year in Tampa?
because fear-based, preemptive reffing is status quo in these playoffs.
It's gunna turn out to be a real nice day today
I got about 17 seconds to look at my phone. Another 2 hours workin this party. How is your face?
thank you, awesome compliment, I'd RT it but I'd look like an egomaniac ;)
Really cool PIC!!!!!! AWESOME
": If you change this sentence around "Mr owl ate my metal worm" it says the same thing!" That's tighhttt lol
its Fall Break , & and im hella bored
Leading 2-Day StartingUp Facilitator Training here in Chicago for Chicago Public Schools who are training new high school Treps!
Idk if CA can handle you for a month. #thanksfortheheadsup lol
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time is not a mistake, it's a choice.
Ppl who work at fast food places b having a attitude n b mad all the time.......
just saw this sorry
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
Glad you liked it! Thanks for sharing your experience.
Sounds great -- I look forward to it. Enjoy your holidays as well!
But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
crazy busy day! facebook fan pages are converting to timeline today. are you ready?
The Artist Wins!! 's November screening wins #goldenglobe for Best Picture: Musical or Comedy. Mkefilm knows what's up ;-)
Did you just finish season 2 of Sherlock?
thank You for the #ff Luv! Enjoy the snowy weekend!
Hey followers! Check out 's twitter! She's got some amazing tweets you don't wanna miss! Her 1000th follower will get a shout out!
keep makin your shows because your the comedy god
Betty went off the deep end! What happened to her?!?
Oh damn, can't get in bed yet. Walked into the bedroom and forgot my sheets were in the dryer. I have more than 1 set, but I love those!
#media99 Jesse Thorn kept his radio show after college, went to podcasting, then to public radio syndication & public comedy podcasting.
Laugh out loud bk sounds great! : 's new book #MostTalkative very funny laughed out loud a lot.perfect for summer
Group Ride is Canceled :( we shall cross our fingers for next week!
oh tonight I worked with a mckenna. straight up had the same name as me. same spelling. everytime I talked to her I added mckenna at the end
Its whatever. I let her feel how she wants too'
Quite frankly, I've always thought that what libraries needed was a little more cowbell...
Call (317) 264-3585 now to speak to a catering consultant to make the arrangements for your special event at Milano Inn.
Pacman has more sponsors than a racing team
RIP Dick Clark; thought he would outlive us all
ok so maybe Miami will sweep New York in first round series.
In case I'm not the only one who was wondering. The Society of American Archivists' annual meeting hashtag is
#thingsthatpissmeoff belligerent drunks... drinking more.
Done deal. Stamps, no erasies
Wants to remind you that even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start now and make a brand new ending.
yeah please do ya rude. And do some go backs too. Bahah
Everything we do has science and technology in it. We need to show that connection. It is all about connection.. how can museums improve it?
I can't control my excitement about next week! My girls, a wedding, some fun & a lot of laughs.
Thanks Scott, much appreciated!
Maybe I should! I've been in several over the years, & I know how I prefer that they function.
You are correct. Never take sides against the family. Loyalty.
she needs meds
What has passed is already finished with. What I find more interesting is what is still to come.
Got a random Billboard issue. you know there is a difference between rock and alt. Also, FooFighters are not the only rock band.
That's a good thing ;)
Wow I feel like the biggest bitch in the world right now, I was so mean to this guy, turns out he has extremely bad depression :'((
I appreciate your help and great quotes. Thanks again!
Dude I bought a Mash Taters shirt and Thome has yet to mash a tater let alone a turnip
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood . . . Make big plans; aim high in hope and work. Daniel Burnham
awesome duder...let me know if you need any tee printing services. I'm eager to see what you're gonna be selling!!
Im looking for a comedic agent???
How many of you are waiting for 2012 to begin?
It was a great networking event too! Thank you Rackspace.
yes! well, next door. i turned the lights off, so there probably won't be any more princesses coming tonight. (you excepted).
lol obviously. What else am i here for :)
you did a fantastic job tonight! brought tears to my eyes! Still can't believe your only 15 years old.
First hour of the semester & I've already had one student refuse an audiobook. "I'd rather read it," he said. I hear a LOT of that.
A friend's elderly cat is thriving on homemade chicken soup. Served room temperature, just the way she likes it.
read ur last tweet
I'd love to do a photoshoot if ur ever in the Dallas Tx aria
Not looking out the window of this class today. I'm just gonna focus on the Big Beat Manifesto.
yeah we are.... Now we just need to figure out where we are goin for dinner haha ;)
problem may not be with students but with assignments (e.g. staple paper, use 12 pt font--not research process)
5 new interventions better get ready
Very good. The band did an awesome version of Sherry! Sounded like the 4 Seasons were there!
Home is a lovely thing. A long three weeks, and possibly a longer car ride...
Kk and haha no one in particular ;)
Well, I'm a fan of Ayn Rand & had to see how Hollywood would treat her writing. It comes down to needing better actors.
To anyone using Path.. Is it worthwhile? I'm considering using it.
No worries.. He will tell you how to get down when you are in a covenant relationship. Be sure to listen!!
oh and change your egg head! :-)
I think MLB will give him 8. Not sure if he appeals or wins.
im working at a party xD
Someone just coughed in my face
Yeah that's what I thought...bummer...and kinda odd, but whatever. Can't wait to see it!!
whats ur profile picture and name?
Two fantasy goats in one 17 inning game, combined 0/15; Adrian Gonzalez & Chris Davis cc:
At a Salvadorian food stand sampling pupusas.
Q: How warm does it need to be outside until you wear flip flops?
you work?! Never knew!! Hahaha
I made a twitter... just to follow xD
How many of you guys are coming to our show may 25 with sworn in at newbys
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
True dat. Punting tonight as well!
Uh, no, he got caught up in the batter's box. Not walking. Shouldn't have been asked to bunt; he's their best hitter.
Are piano learning books any good?
YES! Slowly but surely I'm gaining more followers. At this rate, I'll be at 1k followers in 3 years lol smh
It seems like a waste of energy and expenses. What about editing? Done by pre-publication panels? how organize that? --back to journal board
so what is your fav sport?
Pour a little sugar on it honey
so i cant mess around with today cause i got a spotlight to get done.....u wasnt with me shotting in the gym hugh lol
Employee volunteer day at St Vincent De Paul Food Pantry Saturday! Yeah!
Getting ready to play at Kana winery tonight. Fun!
Editing after dinner but being called to the hot tub. Man, that sounds almost glamorous.
Finally starting from next week, we will see SM artists make comeback on music stage!!! Happy Happy!!!
Thanks and for an outstanding dinner! Several new books to add to my reading list.
Thank god i don't wear that stupid bang anymore
The great has reappeared on Twitter!
People are disgusting. Now I know that I don't need to be on Twitter on Sundays for sure!!!
it does bare a striking resemblance to one doesn't it? Thanks for the mention btw!
Congratulations on your scholarship!
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
#CBSBigBrother They did better tonight than they did After Dark. Congrats #Jordan!!
What is the best sporting event to see live?
Hmm maybe 6? And there were some on errors? Hahaha just wait till next time
Maybe Hedley's doing expose on rich aristocrats? He's already following a queen and a princess. Could he dig up enough to out me? . . . Nah.
Hard caffeine crash.
whats THAT suppose to mean!? lol
oh hockey season..i miss you dearly</3
That was a very nice from George Hill to LeBron James. Why he's passing to James though, I don't understand.
fear lives in the oscillation of the past and future - not in the present
Are you a exhibitor? We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on Saturday. Visit our booth to learn more.
I'm trying to think of one thing that i like about winter......nope...can't think of a thing.
yeah man me and ian got in an accident at work.
Thanks EvlBert! Akira and I have shot together, she is yummy!! Will post pics for ya!
Thank you sir1 RT : Happy Birthday !
There's a couple people I just want to punch in the face
I'll never agree that robots & instant replay are the answer. A commissioner interested in more than $ would be a step in right direction.
My house is a fucking sauna. KMS
Robin Murray : 15 million hits/month to the WorldCat API.
"I had everything I ever wanted, but nothing I really needed."
I need some food. Like now?
I know I have to give up my ratchet ways....but I love twerking
love to see you at our CT viewing party tonight 6pm
“: Well.... I was having a good night! Now...not so much!” welcome to my world -___-
"This isn't a Black Bar".-- Stop using this excuse
ok ... delicious looks & acts different ... I'm disoriented. When did it change? Is it better? Worse? Any helps on getting oriented?
Hope everyone had a fantastic thanksgiving and weekend
Our doves are raised and lovingly cared for. Each dove is trained to be released and return home. Pretty Amazing!
Just traveled to the center of the world!
There's some ugly ass bitches in the world.
Ok Great!!!
yep "Life" is RT Both games in Final 4 won by UK by 8 points = 8th title. Life is really weird sometimes, odd coincidences.
If you suffer from #allergies reduce your exposure to #allergens in your house by wearing a face mask while #cleaning and dusting.
Contemplating about a guild, but it is quite a socialist idea when it is a capitalistic market out here.
I'm going to have the fun I deserve to have all weekend! 😘
I loved The Pokey Little Puppy - Golden book. Read it over and over.
Barlow gets hit HARD! And penalty on OKC.
Go down to la this weekend Should b a nice lil trip
If you ask her to make you a sandwich and she says no...
comin hard with some great quotes
Bye bye unc
what's wrong my friend.
Thanks for joining us today!
nice video! Had my first Lagrein a few weeks ago. It was very nice - I found flavors & body similar to Mencia from Bierzo.
don't tweet me
Hey, Devin wondering if you would run something in regard to the Elizabeth Banks/ 'Surrender Dorothy' issue, runs beyond "gossipy".
I like how the reason you gave for ppl taking low-paying jobs is almost exactly the same as mine. Are you my evil twin?
Answering your email now. Considering they're including rent, that's actually not high.
I've just been going thru some shit and gotta weigh out whats worth the fight. but i miss you!
Is anyone even awake there?
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmrw is cancelled due to issues with the club.
I just went thru my 1st body scan @ EWR on my way 2 #Vegas. The TSA peep is the 1st woman 2 get 2 see me naked since I came out! Lucky her!
that waz not funny on the top part ikr han andy poped my sis giraffe
Safely back in the DMV. Still overwhelmed by the enthusiasm, inspiration, dedication, and love at #aam2012. Stay in touch, friends!
{R E T W E E T} IF YOU WANT NEW FOLLOWERS
Thanks for showing #streetstyle love on the let's do a summer trends article soon on xoxo
If you like dance music.... please follow
Did you do the follow? cant find you on there.
Also, there is so many Peter Pan references in the entire album of Mylo Xyloto.
Justin is sweet
Chicago Bulls lose in the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Rich man swag
where were you? I went to an A party last weekend at miami and toasted to about evrrything. Had a good time
ah. I wonder if it would be difficult to use Raphael with Sencha
Sounds a bit like 'Flowers for Algernon'. Would be an incredible breakthrough.
CAN I BE ONE OF THEM?!
please tell me that there will be spray tan required to go along with the dance costumes??? :)
chill ass weekend before our release date. (:
Glad I got my run in before the storm came.
: im sorry! ): i fell asleep SO early. /:
good job on the video !! someday I may get into this youtube video thing
Fear is the cause of too much sorrow and too much doubt.
Crazy. Guess CSR event planners don't talk to each other! Maybe we can call it CSR Day and be done with it
the guy said something like 'i wish I were still around'. He had no idea I was there. He immediately switched to keno.
Reds/Nats on one TV, Caps on next to it in Columbia Heights. Perfect!
I've seen it...a great resource for teaching this topic.
Getting ready to get #WLBYNG4EVR at midnight!!
oh...I wonder if mine is affected
If you don't wear shorts to bible study tonight then you won't be cool. Yes, this word has a double fulfillment.
What level are you right now - in terms of your 'presence' in the moment? And with the person you are with?
I'll be there!
Everyone get the new #Drinkdrankcrunk tank top! Only have 20 or so left out of 120. Go go go! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
#MyPastRelationships some of them were a blast, most of them were horrible . But all of them werent for me.
.mitchellreports Please report the true story - voter suppression measures are being taken by the GOP, not "political parties"
I Love Her Love Face
Events around #milw this weekend: Gallery Night and Day in the 3rd Ward Fri and Sat. and Earth Day on Sunday. Have a good weekend!
Email sent and thank you.
A special umbrella just for coming!?!?!? #weathertweets!
Have you ever wanted to do something so bad you just did it?
M.C.A. was with it and he's my ace So I grabbed the piano player and I punched him in the face!
faded faded faded
“: I'll be your prescription, come & take a dose of me -Keri H.” yes
She has grandchildren already? I thought she was in her 50s or something.
So how do I buy radio airtime in Chicago?
Oh, the memories! Me in drag...shame there weren't any photos of that. Or not! What fun it was working with you!
FOUND CAT ALERT! Nativity Church on Southeastern. Skinny, tired - may have been lost for awhile. Extremely sweet and loves being inside....
That's how we do it, Vinnie-style
they should have personally called you ;) hahaha jk I guess email works.
all my most amazing promo shots are done by incredible photographer and all around doll ;)
all i see is a little blackbox
Standing in line at the post office...15 people and 1 clerk. Hurry up and wait. Get It Gone!
Mac Lab's located for participants ease of use on the 6th floor.
don't wink at me. You tease...
I love your energy! Very inspirational!
If you didn't know I'm
Running for office? RT : Long day. Started in RI in 26 F. Flew through 13 states, stopped to see the family, now in NOLA and 77.
Congrats to !! Sick fights guys! Thanks for put all on the line!!
cause I want to? How old are you?
happy saturday!!!! ;)
i feel sorry for metta world peace too, fckin up his good name on that team.
thx! We post as a class but the kids come up with message. They type some of the words and help me edit it b4 posting.
cool. Be there in about 15.
Why people r unfollowing me:( wat did I do!
Still in the race;)
YOU'RE very welcome!!
check out our sister company Denver Network Support - IT Consulting - Cisco VoIP Business Solutions
It's Iowa Caucus night - political junkies (like me) rejoice!
I nominate #HCLINTON she has the depth of experience-intel & toughness to succeed! Respected admired around the USA & world
i put myself in a shit position >.>
Why in the never ending world would ppl hate on ?? Just because she met the IB doesn't mean you should hate on her.
Thanks for repinng one of my Social Media #infographics on Cheers!
** Hiring ** Senior Opportunity Brand Director Avatar would like to speak with senior brand managers & brand directors looking for a new a…
DM me a link of your show
love hearing that there's some love for at football games!
I'm sorry I've been so slow to respond! We'll work it out.
IT IS
who's that from? ;-)
Good day today
I enjoy my shower time.
yes it depends, usually on level of frustration
Really don't want to go to school today
OMG, you need to follow , I fucking die all the time laughing.
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
can I join in sum victory. I victoriously downloaded a bunch of music off YouTube...that counts right?
#Butler is an Ugly bulldog
i'M GOING To Be in The Booth all NEXT WEEK with the manager oh boy can't wait
to help get you through this crazy time
Awhh bye miss e! Me & love u and will miss u
is it because he's black?
Didn't get in
nice article! Thanks for tweeting.
We continue to receive beautiful scarves made with love by our donors and supports to be sent to our rescuers in Eastern Europe.
tell me how girls get heart shaped nipples, i would really like to know.
I don't have any shows planned, but there is a place called "It's a Grind" coffee house in Gilbert. They have open mics on
ok :D
#iWishThat I could be in California right now
I'll take one each
play up the whole jobless thing...the town you currently live in the juxtaposition of the two & randomness of your last job
I hope you're well. :)
no, eating dinner! How's the scene. Will u be there for a while?
RT Here's the deal, #SXSW visitors.I promise not to act smug about living in #Austin if you promise not to move here [LOL.Good one!]
sweet :D
great song!!! They used it Miami Vice...remember??
Thank you! Yes- still feel yucky!
I don't like my enqlish class -__-
RT Meyer news conference briefly stopped. Medic just called to the back of the room.
:') life is great
nor can one religion
If every US household replaced 1 bulb w Compact Fluorescent Light bulb, it would prevent pollution to = removing how many cars from road?
It's officially my birthday. omfg. hdbasuydbAKUHBCUHBsbfuysdbvak
oh god, i dont even want to know how this came about
Also, please say hi to Olga for me! :)
u gotta come during the season tho
So were A LOT of teams today!!!
saw Drive last weekend. Am still a bit obsessed with Kavinsky's zombie-romantic track Nightcall.
going good man, what about you?!
Mirror, Mirror = mediocre, mediocre
Just tried previewed a piece Of pizza at cheesies before they roll it out next week .
IT'S ABOUT THE SPURS BABY!!!
Follow the three R's: Respect for self, respect for others and responsibility for all your actions. - Dali Lama
is doing a chat Monday 30th at 7pm PT tune in, things will get
I'm DJing tonight at the Pioneer and is serving drinks, I think. Not sure if he survived Arctic Man.
Interviews are like tattoos. No matter how many I have/get, I still get nervous as hell. Sheeesh.
lol... I don't think anyone is confident they'll actually win.. :-/
haha brothers these days
Thanks for the RT. Loved that interactive key campaign from Mercedes.
I'm a photographer and I build my own graphics and I'm pretty fast at dev. But to make graphics that talk is not easy
If they are stupid enough to walk away, be wise enough to let them go…
I wonder how am I gonna succeed in life..
Teach me how to Dougie??? ♥
Just call me a fattie. I don't mind ;)
So, she's off to catch her flight and I'm just sitting here bored -__-
I'm calm now....but this person will still hear from me
No need to "like" anything on Facebook. Just get to today through Monday for your entry to win! : )
!!! YES YES YES. i need to listen to it 87 times now.
Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 5-7pm
thats the exact face i made,
We are down to 20 minutes to go w/ the game still scoreless. Winner will advance to Big 12 Finals.
Currently listening to in anticipation of the "major announcement" tomorrow. I wonder if it is what I'm thinking it is?
what a great match. not my out come but still it was fucken great!
Much to Curtis Painter's surprise, the Ravens have signed Curtis Painter.
you and me both dude....
Girls are always scared cause they always think their guy will find someone better than them.
IRS Authorized Tax Payment Service. Low 1.95% convenience fee. www.payUSAtax.com.
So glad to have a night out with the girls:)
Who flushes more crap into the WI ecological system than Tom Barrett? Answer: Nobody.
But scored in final minute to win over Miami and stopped four plays from inside 5 yard line in last minute to win over Jacksonville
I want a fireplace in my room.
Thanks a lot I hope you are well!
Tennessee acting like high school dmac. Need to scrape these people off Manning's skin
#SeaMonkeys assemble! #PAX (north lobby by bandland)
Give us feedback on our new Twitter look.
Doug, thanks for the RT!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Cream of asparagus, Minestrone, Italian Wedding, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, M
Just told my mom we sat at table next to Mitt Romney's family/political friends this Sat. at Bye, Bye Liver comedy show. Didn't believe me.
RT : "You should always be best friends with Legal" great corporate wisdom from , Global VP of Digital at Starbucks
got your email—will respond
Baby promise me you'll stay (stay) stay baby #song stuck in my head
Unreal amount of big mix action again today with the surprise return of pummeling me just like pre black Friday.
I need to work on my Kitty Fisher style. :)
Grateful for the ppl in my life who inspire me. Our conversations open my mind.
happy friday to you! We are doing well! Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!
At first I was hesitant about it but after five listens I realized it isn't all too different than other songs he's made.
ok makeup/hair team.. looks stunning. Fantastic song choice Jessica!:)
Cats or Dogs?
New Generation 2 Nutcase helmets are available. They feature 360-degree reflectivity, spin dial size adjustment and a magnetic buckle.
International Women's Day Celebration & Fashion Show is from 2-3pm TODAY in the International Connections Lounge!
Hes got better seats this time RT : No way RT: Nate's brother got the ball (again)!
I wish we were alone right now so I could punch you in the face
A model's killer punched his own ticket today. Sometimes the news gives you a snapshot of what humanity is capable of. For better or worse.
": Mj's and Fisher's numbers ": I got #23 and #02. That's a start :)""you are right there my friend :)"
gotta believe the clubhouse will be very subdued during your interviews w injuries and all
Who's Walking in the Autism Walk in April, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
the big huge gorilla at the zoo died today :(
Sounds Cool, I will check it out!!
4:38 wake up call thanks to my baby boy
It's time for me to tweepgood nite
DESTRUCTION IM FOR IT BUT MAYBE I WANT GO FORWARD THINKING ABOUT CONTINUE
Never give up on something that feels right, because it probably is. ~Unknown
Why do all my customers have to give me TMI? Like I really wanna know you want your meds fast b/c you're on house arrest?
In joining 's wedding live-tweet crew, i cast my vote for #UnionoftheAmacs. very stately. and sounds most like an opera song.
No shame in my game
Beth Rosen's Spotlight Radio "Lights Camera Action" Interview with Danny Boushebel on Rhino on Air scheduled for 11:00AM today. Tune in!!!!
We will have some ladies in Sarasota Fl available in January..Dont miss out on these ladies
you should see the chat log from the conversation I'm having with right now
Keeps the wheels turning. That's one thing we do at least.
thank you daddy
yep will go w my mom she loves John
lol I knew that ! Ima do it first thing tomorrow :)
Tweet tweet<3 new to twitter© BLAZIN UP
Brown & Jones Reporting hopes all of our clients have a safe and happy holiday!
darts and beer on friday? Call me, you hooker!
Did they thank you for filling it with groceries? RT Someone just stole my cart at the grocery. #really?
Never expected Twitter to be such a valuable research resource but here I am looking through tweets for resources for final papers
how've you been!
I'm confused why!?!
Yeah. I'm hoping Urlacher and the vets can keep them in line. I like Jeffery though. Great pick. We actually have receivers!
Nevermind it's not letting me message you... But a very long time ago you gave me a batch of beats along with Dark Matter.
united airlines has completely shit the bed today! pathetic customer service, worse actual service!
“: I've had various people call me a Grammar Nazi xD” like me ;)
what the,
Don't miss the Charity Date Auction at The Alliance Center tomorrow @ 7! Bid on #Atlanta's hottest singles - all for charity!
“ “ I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid.””
St. Patrick's Day, I'm wearing a rubber band green, top green, shirt green, pants green, jeans green, socks and green shoes.
oh. what's your panel? bet it's good.
My dreads are slowly replicating the color of Tom Hanks' hair in "Castaway". Get me out of this Florida sun!
it was nice to see everybody and be back on set glades for S3. You guys rock!!!
1. U know when u say,"let this get in the marrow of ur bones" when ur teaching? Well, I think it's in there when u wake up..
in a princeton review class. Forgot all my algebra and geometry
finally after 2 tries i got the right power cord... WHOS READY FOR SOME HQ MUSIC NOW! HUH?...
Garret Sim: "We weren't getting any calls tonight and they were getting all of them." UW shot 3 more FT's.
No to coonhounds. They howl. I've already got a cat that howls.
ARTISTS IM GOING IN FOR MY CELEB BDAY BASH HIT ME UP TOO GET A CHANCE TOO PERFORM AND A MIXTAPE SPOT WITH THE HOTTEST CELEB MIXTAPE DJS!!!
Register TODAY to attend DE's own "Dancing w/the Stars" on 3/12/12! 100% of proceeds benefit
My birthday is in 8 days. Mind giving me an early birthday present and flying me over there ASAP?
lol you better make sure louis doesn't see =p
THEY BLOCKED IT
Dunkin Donuts has more sub-conversations about prostitution than their new K-Cups
what up ugly?
what did Tony say?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM OF MY EYE? It's been... about 10 hours?.
The only knot I appear to be able to tie is the four-in-hand.
Can't wait to hear from at #cfaleadercast! We will be listening from Cleveland, Ohio.
Fortune and love favor the brave. ~ Ovid
Omg my Gmom just ask me to sign her up with Twitter.
I'm sure it'll be great.
bitch you think i'm finna stoop to yo level fuckin internet thug. Fake ass BITCH
Thanks to the new followers... Thanks so much for your support!
Thanks for sharing, Jodi!
Yeah. A boy ICONiac is very rare. Girls will go gaga. The only person I will ever be gaga for is Vincent. Lmbo! (;
Don't wear boots and a leather jacket and listen to Blonde Redhead and expect me not to be in love with you
and we're trying to make it even "funner" :)
idk cuz I haven't been paying attention lol. I'll leave it to the GM
Bitch jumped off my dick "Is that over there?"
I feel sorry for single dads. Those kids have to be really annoying for the mom not to want them.
Almost moved in. Emphasis on "Almost"
for the first time in 2 years, i did not have to go to bed before the sunset and i do not have to go to work at 1 am. #takethatwednesday!
Awesome! Can't wait to see it.
< love him!
Thanks phi! RT : that shits live bro.. Good stuff
Nov 5th 1955 the day doc brown created time travel.
RT We had the same problem. Pete put a bunch of DVD bundles on eBay & got a few hundred for 'em. Paid 4 the iPad :)
do you have any "Prog for Non-Prog: Part 2" classes in the evenings coming up, after the daytime one this Fri 5/11 at ?
"The problem with girls" is now my favorite song. Me and Desirea are now planning on meeting you one day. Haha.
I liked the remark, silly.lol
Thanks for the tweets, guys!
First Impact Denver class is meeting upstairs...I know they are all amazed at their colleagues!
just wondering will this give computers viruses?
If you want to promote LIFE contact Brendan @ #Onething11 via Lovesick
All these techno + dub step bros think they invented bleep bloop, but we all know R2-D2 was 1st on the scene
The orphan master's son / Adam Johnson
Or not having phone service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations, but at least there's WiFi...
its smaller and easier. Seems to be a place where students go to get their grades up. Then they transfer back.
Agree and disagree- WAY fun! RT This list says PR executive is 7th most stressful job. Do you agree? bit.ly/y2Uku1
Huh...that was supposed to say engrossed, but now it just sounds like I think our website is gross. Sigh..what are my fingers doing?
Follow this monster back!
At the governor about to interview Cindy from the link for women!
how can you not like milk?!
okkayy with the trans am and a blunt, but whys the trans a auto? she a beauty tho.
#FirstRead: The New Yorker reboots online books coverage
Nevershoutnever? I think yes c:
Healthcare is still local. There are still more private HIEs than public/broader HIEs - Ed Brown,
National Night Out Block Party! Only have 1000 water balloons to fill and 100 beach balls to blow up.. Then watch out neighborhood kiddies!
#bracketsuperstitions when in doubt, follow your
Stoked to be headed to Baltimore tomorrow to attend 's Right to Shoes event and meet staff and supporters.
Can't wait for my dose of Jason Isaacs tonight.
Jealous that I won't be in attendance at the game tonight...but SOON!
didn't know the 120 makes a tour of harbor island
As a person we human!!!...
psst, shipping is free @ http:www.mineralsecrets.com - limited time offer
Very hard, great last team builder, worked there 17 years. RT I see ur working hard.
What does everybody do when youtube is blocked in your elementary schools? Any suggestions?
RT IT'S LIKE U STEPPED ON A KITTEN.
NYC shows : THIS Thurs, Fri & Sat at 8pm. If a show is sold out online, there should be cash only tix at the door the night of!
Everyone at the airport is drunk. Still waiting for a flight home. :(
honored to be followed by you Kim. Thanks!
My cats new name is "Knife hands" lol.
Come back?
Amen RT : Righteously indignant about the idea of universal healthcare? Go read 's twitter stream and get back to me.
The message is clear. The message is simple: GO PACK GO!
That's easy! You should play MW3 but every time you die, you do a few assignments for your not real because it's virtual school.
Heading to Camp this week! Check it out! www.campsnowball.org
hahahha, that has to be one of the better Barajas jokes
my nap>
If you're going out in the Chi tonight, go to www.scoresluda.com and print off some free passes and come see us
Quote o' the Day: "poop with purpose" -
Any idea where it will held next time?
Don't allow people to push you to the point of rage. That's the window of opportunity for the Devil to possess you.
On my way to the desert, aka Kingdom , with , to hang with the coolest low-res MFA faculty in the country.
My friend only wears white shirts. He's either in a gang or he has dandruff.
you saved me from hurting myself yesterday.
We loved with a love that was more than love. ~Edgar Allan Poe
Caseys irish pub downtown sounds nuts...they shut down the whole street and its one giant party
Went to and got some Oreo froyo with chocolate sprinkles. Yum!
I just realized that its gettin dark and its not even 7:30...I can't wait til these "cool" days come. I'd rather wear a sweater
“: I got my fan going I'm a wuss when it comes to heat” ... Same here ... 2 fans lol
Thanks - looking forward to having you back on soon!
TWiT Live has live video images from Ryan Block in the iPad3 demo room. Even over Skype video the retina display is unbelievable.
I'm gonna let all you pussies from rich neighborhoods think you know about hockey. I'll get off here and continue being a student of hockey.
Tommy is a deep sensitive loving guy Erika he really loves you he puts u first before everyone else -Tommy's Dad
This Rap Shit We Love To Tha Max So When Your Up There It's No Turning Back.
prayers go out the you little man, everything will be ohkay and things will get better with time. keep faith and dont give up
be safe boo love u
my love I forgot to put u on my #FF list I so sorry I just forgot love u do much
you can live in my garage
The #CILDC venue does not have wifi in the IB area yet, so we just have those first come/first serve flower wifi pods ITI supplied
13 pages of an MFA paper in 2 days...not too shabby. Halfway there.
There's something about, baby, you & i. (;
The fact that ABC even bothers to put the NBA on on Selection Sunday befuddles me. I will only watch college hoops in March
Really enjoying workouts with the new eSpinner bikes at my gym -- iPod integration and video is fantastic, and the fan is CRUCIAL.
hahaha heck yes man
coming back this way?
I'm pondering the place of the typewriter in the modern wordperson's process.
Aromatic seems like a strange word to describe mangoes
Soccer at swope tonight 6 pm. I am working again so have so much fun without me!
That makes me both happy and a little sad.
Apparently I've been on Twitter since July 2nd of 2009. That's longer than I thought lol, and it's not even that much time =P
New Servers -- We've moved Read Print onto a new server farm. Does the site feel slower or faster than before?
Hey Rob, is there a way to get a copy of the slides??
haha, its okay i never kil anything, i get my mommy to do that :p <3
It's ok I'm going to Fenway...
Oh, , it was Mickey holding Pujols back?
sounds lively. I'm hoping for some Pinot Noir in the near future.
Think she saw it was mostly paps and autograph hounds and went to the other side where there were "real fans".
#Iloveitwhen I have a long day then Cody surprises of after work.
- i don't want to stop u from coming in on Fri, but if you want to coordinate when I'll be there we could set something up.
What's troubling you son? You've never looked heavier.
breathe peace, be at ease, allow the mind to calm and quite itself through breath awareness. pause. breathe deeply into your belly. smile
yes he is:) great job highlighting it! cc
i need someone to talk me out of this
CONGRATS 2 U both!!!!!!! Glad you R safe See ya next week blessings 2 U both :)
Thanks for the RT !
been using it long? Still can't get away from the old tools. Painter or PS?
was 1 for 2 tonight along with a sac fly and a walk :)
perhaps I should have read the whole post... I thought u were talkin about a real hockey game:)
My favorite dance class tonight... Choice!!!
Should have said hello at the Dirty River Boys show. By that time, I had found a seat and got comfy. Good bunch of music!
yes sir let's do it
anyone know a way to embed a ustream video into wordpress.com blog? thanks for ideas :-)
Just getting shit done around the house.
Watching Giants '07 season NFL DVD. This should have won an Oscar. All in!
Coleman was next to me
Blatt announces extension of arrangement with UCSB through December 2014. Some planning for possible separation in the future.
For a newbie, teasing out services offered by OCLC is like figuring out differences in insurance policies. Too many unmeaningful names.
Omg no Derrick Rose.
let me know:-)
Best wishes for a safe, relaxing holiday! Matinees today, cafe closed, no evening shows. No matinees tomorrow, open for evening shows
QT LLS AIIIIIITTTTTEEEE “: Girls Be Like OMG Vaughn How Did You Get Your Face So Grown! Lls”
Construction worker finds missing urn alongside I-75
I feel dirty listening to jay and ye in Chicago without you
Nice! MT: covering event at Lake Co. JFS- officials are unveiling a pilot program that deals with child protective services
I also pulled the trigger on some stuff I'd had in my Amazon cart for a while. I feel like I've been holding my breath all this time.
just do what you do and the world will follow!
Not at prom
To all followers thanks for the following. Stay tuned for updates on music releases from our artists &
Thank you for sharing the Video of people leaving Iraq cause they believe in Christ. I will send my donation.
that movie was awesome Denzel was blind the whole movie did you catch that at the end? How you doing buddy?*drop kicks face*
what? no homework?! this is a first
fact: I have already had two servings of breakfast
-________- really Miami
“: Good night, Tweeps! Sweet dreams of Democracy and #CincoGoodByeO!” #solidarity :D
I WILL be productive tomorrow. I hope....
every hotel has people :P
Is it Sunday, 330p yet?
"On the Goald Coast, beach life with my beach wife."
so when we going ? Haha
And that's just the tip. wait to you see your schedule bout to add it to ur gmail in an hour.
you can only spell with your food for so long.
Get your hail damaged vehicle repaired now! Insurance doesn't pay if you you can't show proof that your previous hail damage was repaired
Now the presidential race gets really interesting (and messy).... Mitt missed a chance to win this thing quickly.
What did you expect?
. Thanks! We heart you too! Hope you have a great time here in
Just realized that I understand absolutely nothing about the popularity of NASCAR
I think you mean GREAT use of tech, Carrie! :)
Why are you moving to Miami?
Schnikes. Ah well. We were w the 9yr old anyway :) RT : Every participant (of age) got a free Widmer beer.
Wishing a meaningful Yom Kippur to our readers.
Great question about how to deal with online students multi-tasking while doing their work.
This is where the 2012 fairytale ended... RT So that looks like $12 mil well-spent so far.
LMFAO at the stuff my mammaw says its so funny , haha.
sign my yearbook ?
Don't need to buy my love cause u already stole my heart
When my cousin orders something with bacon & can't eat pork so she gives it to me
Around The Jazz Internet: April 20, 2012
sounds like me last night! You have my sympathy.
John Ellis and Jason Marsalis are doing a clinic at Loyola today. Miguel Zenon is coming next week and maybe Esperanza in a few. omg
I ordered your book! :) BEFORE I knew of all the goodies!
*pointed glare* Why are you still up? GO TO BED.
So Romney was a high school bully. Can't express how unsurprised I am.
follow me please justin !!!
it wouldn't work for me I have been out of the workforce
Thanks for shortening my tweet, twitter.
jk I wish
i wanna scald my eyes now. thank God got it an not me- bc i would throw you under the bus. wtf is wrong w ppl?
you are a singing muthafucka! U should get a free pass to heaven for this damn INTRO!!!!
Thanks! We had fun! / “: A. says your reading was a HUGE packed success- congrats!
agree... The oinker sucks
If you could ask the Editor in Chief of 4PM one question, what would it be?
indeed i got a job bitches!!!
My boss from Caramel, CA was saying it in '04 #notatrendsetter RT I feel like the term "no worries" really took off 2005
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 9
Thanks Febe! Very sweet of you!!
Drinking out of my wine glass.
Busy day...do you have your holiday hair?!!
Great stuff tonight. Two fantastic eps!
hey i wanna skype you!
Who will Replace RB Brandon Jacobs & WR Mario Manningham on the NY Giants Offense next Season?
I Live In Colorado Too :D
actually John Borsa (Ch7) is supposed to "get it" according to FB peeps. Natly is assignment editor who gives info.
now was that message from u or the big man himself?
I really wish you would follow me. :( #NeverSayNever right?
I think I'm a bit behind on this but I am currently obsessing over
Good Morning Cadets! Some exciting moves have been made and I can't wait for you to see what I've got. But no spoilers so you have to wait!
RT Man the homie Big Dirty went TF in on a thowed beat from my boy
What did the special committee 'recommend' after all? Was it variety of opinion or cohesive message? Thx again ;)
"On Tuesday, I reached the end of the Internet." "You reached the end of the Internet?" "Yes, I did."
Just got off youtube looking at these ppl shoe collection! OMG i dont want to hear anyone ik say they a sneakerhead no more
Really? DirecTv guide says it is Transformers.
Those are easily the best things ever.
Don't be mad because I strive to seek my own truth my gawd.
OMG so tired! Full day as I tried to meet everyone's needs...being a single mom with a career isn't easy, right ladies?
How long does it take to fly from Flint to Detroit. Do they even put the landing gear up?
Morning Rockstars! > Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
mercury and mars, GET YOURSELVES TOGETHER. you're killing me. (cc: )
You know which actor is really underrated? The dolphin in "Flipper."
Of course, even though my #Cornell education only took me to the final 8. Relying on you frozen four guys for clarification.
what's up with the rain LA???!!!!
GOOD MORNING! Did you miss me?! I'm back, w/a vengeance! And I'm pumped! LET'S DO THIS!
Proud of the great work our team is doing for Bridgestone. Incredible group of talent assembled in LA for the shoot this week.
Holy cow, December is busy!
