Tsunami warning for Hawaii. Two meter wave expected to hit a little after 3:00 AM.
Gotta head to class now cos i got to make my hommies proud
My Favorite #Finance follows!! #FF if ya don't know well...
You went from my TOP 5 to my Remaining 5.
A plumber had to come in this morning to work on the toilet in the bathroom in our classroom. He found a water bottle down there.
Is that a fat joke...
Rules for building a strategy: make it fast, transparent, actionable and synthesize
Thanks so much for the comment. Glad you like the jewelry.
if you like Addams Family watch the original episodes on Hulu. So funny & quirky!
Sometimes I wish I had a pair of big boobs... My life would be so much easier
Yah! RT : BIG Spring/Summer April , May , June
Sure thing :-)
4ALL PEOPLE: International Women's YEAR Challenge: Repeat it + BELIEVE it; "I am absolutely gorgeous. I am totally perfect exactly as I am."
thanks for ushering! hope you liked the show. :)
that AMAZING moment when Austin Mahone tweets u bak xD (: luv ya Austin!!
You is kind, you is smart, you is important.
MUSE journal Philippine Studies: Historical and Ethnographic Viewpoints, new subtitle reflects focus on history as a broad field of inquiry.
Baby it's cold outside! Come in warm up with a free glass of house wine
Pop Stop Popcorn is opening 04-01-10 at the Galleria @ Sunset Mall in Henderson, NV! Come "pop" by soon for fresh popcorn and cold drinks!
I didn't realize 8 year olds were allowed to work the cash register @ subway. This one wasn't very quick about it.
Stop giving them open shots
Nobody knows it but me :-\
Casket Lottery killed it last night!
you're one of the people that i would love to manage me!
Certainly enjoyed her whispering "Just so you know, you're not too old for me" in my ear, but what I meant was, you're too young for me.
Apparently shouldn't watch football with alarm on. Excessive whooping will set it off. At least I hope that is what set it off...
~ Well in spirit, in spirit fellow Gemini! xo Happy Birthday Month to you also:-)
thanks for playing our song "Wanted the Illist" in the mix
It's not that we're antisocial here at #AWP. It's just that our lattes need chairs of their own.
As of September 7th, DT2 will be only be open Friday through Sunday from 10 am to 5 pm. DT2 will still be open Weds the 31st and Sept 1st.
Did you find them?!
yeah they are like firefighters and cops except they don't provide any service other than playing gym and taking big checks.
If #TheRaven ends with #Poe saying, "Nevermore, you son of a bitch," I just hope I never see that scene.
Is good. Should cc:
Listen to this story on All Things Considered tonight!...
"Digging" for previous sonic histories may not require going down, but rather looking at the surface, and looking up.
hi to you guys! How are you? Its been a while. I actually need to tell you something. Will call you this week.
Alright, I am now pissed off enough. I need no more instances of getting pissed off to keep me from registering a domain.
Dear GetGlue: Uh-oh.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP[
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
Baltimore bartender & cocktail revivalist Brendan Dorr on Midday Eats with Hong & Shields, 1 pm
thanks for allowing me to leave the city without shoving food down my throat. I'm now eating my own flesh for the next 8 hrs.
Soo much going on! Loving auditioning and have a lot of projects going on!
I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day...
o girl yew friskay
Hate wen bitches walk around wit the /stuck up face like erbody n the world wanna holla get a personality then u can feel like u the shit
[Campus Bulletin] Now that cooler weather is here, we'll be saving energy by turning off all housing A/C until March.
Thanks it really was a great turnout! Let's hear it for #TechInMotion and #techinmotionphilly!
what's that
You can't soar with the eagles if you hang out with turkeys.
#Thingsthatiwanttohappen LeBron James get a ring, Kentucky Basketball put 6 players in the 1st round, and Kobe finally get his 6th!!
Life lesson: Ladies: If you let em sperm in ya. You might grow a baby. Guys: if u do the spermin. You just might make a baby.
Gig 'em AGGIES! #ugh What brings you to College Station?
flash forward is even more mind blowing watching it the second time through.
what will you be doing then? By the way you created the best game ever man thanks a lot for all the work you have done!
I may have just won the lottery
Tim Howard. A goalie. Scored a goal. From across the entire field.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
HEY TWITTER FAM!!! JUST WAKING UP WANT TO THINK GOD FOR WAKING ME UP THIS MORNING..
If Chelsea plays like this in the Champions League semifinal against Barcelona, this group doesn't stand a chance.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, they have no holidays. ~ Henry Youngman
Ann Cheng of talking TOD. Good community involvement and data is key. parking gets overlooked.
This steak tastes like pot.
You get to see that Francisco meltdown?
HEY GUYS SAY SOMETHING! 😉
Thanks, I'll be anxiously checking my email later today and will flip out if I get one! :) Obvi, I'll tweet to let you kno!
#NBAChamp The #Bulls beat the #Thunder in an epic 7-game series.
with who
Hanging at house...took a nice nap. :)
How about "She" and not a "He"?
I'm so cool now
Roasted chicken with veggies for dinner and now fresh brownies and ice cream for dessert.
You should never cry over someone who isn't worth your time..
Its Cold!!!
Two hours til magic class. Talking about the victory cartons tonight. :)
Just saw the movie Think Like a Man. It exceeded my expectations. Great movie! stole the show! He was hilarious!
About to record in this studio at Alisha (:
This game is kind of the shit!
haha. just woke up. recovering : /
Thank you for the dispensation!
I am, but I miss hanging out. Will drop you a line when I'm back. Hope the meds help the Iz! XO
If it can be done, there's a doc that will do it!
A dip in my cold pool this morning helped alleviate some of the #PFX12 hangover :-)
You talked to me, I smiled. I laughed and everything I've ever hated about you was forgotten in an instant.
Today's #vinyl buys part 2: Arthur Lyman: Paradise (Crescendo), The Everly Brothers: All They Had to Do Was Dream 1957-1960 (Rhino Records)
Thanks for the follow!!
It was Tyler. He probably thought it was lipstick.
you go girl! #Miami2012 :D Like our Facebook page!
Go Chelsea! FA Cup winner...
Hug me, hug me. Kiss me, squeeze me.
Oh I agree, but honestly I have no idea what motivates voters with this award anymore. Maybe exposure, but who knows.
It was pretty brutal, but I made it through the first night... You making it to Shenan's Mon? Def make a game asap...
As reflected by that last tweet, due to travel/schedule conflicts I've had to reschedule this months' office hours to 5/23.
Get some free BlancaWhite Resurgence of Rock stuff at State Farm Arena tonight at Styx, Nugent, REO concert. Look for Q94.5 van. Rock on!
Lmfao! Everyone is done at this cookout lol
i would go so hard in a bakery right now.
I <3 no matter who he shares commercial with See u in Chicago!
said: "I've used up all of my sick days so I'm gonna call in dead" <--tha's funny
That's offensive.
How did I miss this announcement? This is awesome news - can't wait! :-)
": "You get that right tickin' rhythm man & its ON!" Fats Waller #jazz #music"
me too most of the time! But you should try youth.
After a week of working 3 jobs I would like to simply sleep but I been up since 7am. At least I #working from home.
They say that if you are bad in this life, you re-encarnate into a 'Nickelback' song in the next one.
SAT word of the day: trenchant (adj.) effective, articulate, clear-cut
Again Still Can't Put His Team On His Back When They Need It. MVP Of What? All Hail The #KingOfNoRings COUGH COUGH CHOKE
So much city, so little time! We heart NYC.
Correct. RT : So that you never have to consider drinking it again?
nothing to do all day
There's only one aspect of what Hip Hop is, and that shit you listen to ain't.
Happy Homecoming Day #Spartans!
Well I'm not gonna talk to you anymore cuz this is stupid. *hang up* - Matt G.
if you like heroes and academies, then YEAH, it is totally cool.
Straight not narrow
27 days till pretty little liars! #soexcited 😁
Rock Hall Induction Concert at The Q 2night- George Clinton & P-Funk followed by Kid Cudi.
In terms of predicting outness for LGBT Latinas/os we found that age, gender, education and income did not matter.
SAME! RT : Can't stop listening to Willie's cover of "The Scientist."
#sleepy, goodnight tweeters !! Xx
we r hanging in his family room. Eating pizza. Me bstew and ray. Talking about Iowa. Love it
JLO will be presenting the 84th Annual Academy Awards. In other words...more Fiat plugs please!
Good mornin all my sexy followers!!!
Vikings are getting a new stadium!!! Cost is 1 billion bucks!!!!
yo-wuts ur email so i can send u sum crack muzik
#lifeisgood I got on #pandora, sun is out and I'm cleaning windows outside!!
I'm here now my nigg
that dream will soon be a reality
It's never to late to make a difference, exercise your right to vote!
These "Are you this close to Jesus?" stickers on cars have given me an idea. Lemme go make a "Are you this close to Beyoncé?" sticker.
we weren't born to follow, you gotta stand up to what you believe.
someday you won't get stuck being the last panel presenter...
what are ur plans for today babe;)
For as much as you tweet about Dr Pepper you should know there is no period after Dr.
please dunk on #Lebrick James.
I don't care about exploring. i am not an explorer nor am i going to be one. therefore information about exploration is highly irrelevant.
Changing password to 'incorrect' so my computer tells me my password is incorrect when I get it wrong.
A key criterion seems to be divisiveness, and what's more divisive than the Non Blondes?
girl well lets get together this weekend...
can I play it on my phone?
You're a coward till the end
He's much less polished and a little erratic but physically he's on Patrick Willis' level. Oozing potential if he matures.
"get your head outta your ass. calm down & figure it out." lmfao, that's the perfect thing to tell a 10 year old.
#BillMillersBBQ with my parents
Overcast day with the smell of incoming rain...love it!
Send it to me on skype.
Bitches saw the movie without me SOFT
back staircase...
hahahah you should write for Barry! split milk joke was awful.
Had a moment of panic when TV guide showed "Fear Factor" instead of tonight's #FLdebate; how could I bear missing such a rare event??
Children in juicy track suits freak me out.
i just followed you..:D
*sidenote* who remembers Tracie Spencers version of "Imagine"? Who remembers Tracie Spencer? I loved her!
lol he is done RT : I like Mangini but I really want to hit the same bong he does.
Hi Belinda I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
The result of this shift in shopping patterns is that the internet has tended to make every marketplace more efficient
Ohh! SO TRUE! I'd much rather be in my bed than on my couch!
Pinnacle Airlines Corp. COO John Spanjers to Succeed Sean Menke as CEO Effective June 1
Happy Fat Tuesday, the day people drink like theres no bottom and dress like theres no top! thanks !!
Are you the victim of a recent crime? FOX 12 can tell your story. Drop me a message if you have a story idea!
You must be talking about the one and only #ATHF!
it was decent. That makes it way better than anything else I've had here.
Haberdashery is a dying art.
no I don't think we are going to be parents again tonight...I'll tell her about the bball but she's bout 2 go 2 bed.:)
FOX 12 calls Oregon Attorney General race for Ellen Rosenblum.
Don't be where you're not wanted/ appreciated!
ChiIL Productions (ChiILevents) thanks for the follow.
and you deserve the greatest! Thank you, friend!
bro JPs class was insane!
Not playing down at Potawatomi are you? Damn it'd be cool to run into you down there sometime!
I have Craftstravaganza on Saturday. The kid is not allowed to share her nasty germs with me!
lol miss u too. I thought u forgot all about me. But I'm n atl now and live in SC for school
i THINK WE SHOULD HAVE PROFILE PICTURE OF THE WEEK OF EVEN MONTH! LIKE IF YOU AGREE! ~aSHLEY
RT : Sacramento Kings will be in the stands for tonight's #RiverCats game First pitch set for 7:05.
Getting really excited about the Grand Opening of the new Ainsley model at Estates at Shayler Ridge - it's only a couple of weeks away!
A Pick and then the FUMBLE #GopackGo destroy this.
I been around boo....how you been?!
ah!!! Wassup!!! Ugh its been ages hasent it
I sent my <3 to all my supporters<3
6 hours until my next practice? Didn't I just leave the boat house?
N i hate idiots who get 2 do what i want 2 do cause they dont have phobias n major related panic attacks
Hey, thanks! :)
vince young will forever be my all time favorite college football player
I think it was seeing Built to Spill that got me into the whole indy music thing. I didn't know music could get that good.
#GoSpursGo - Great finish! #Spurs 107 Wolves 101 - we pulled it off thanks to turnovers & George Hill spark! Join >> www.spursconnect.com
I've done that before! xD
Hey babe. How's life treatin ya?
you're watching/listening to the wrong DJ's then, haha.
This one girl.
- We couldn't agree more Kalimah!
Is your snow gone? Are you still digging out? How's the wild winter weather treating you?
perseverance On the 10,000th try, there was light. -Thomas Edison
thanks for the support! It's just about the only sugar left I take in everyday. I LOVE creamed up coffee but will get this done :)
Let's hope it's nothing serious. MT : Unfortunately, left the game with an apparent groin injury.
Really can't wait to take my pants off
Like this status if you are craving some Island Frydays!!
I know you wanna click that following button under my name !;)
Who were the ad wizards...
Damn. I have not been on twitter for the longest.. :O
A jury should decide if he's innocent or guilty. My point of the arrest was to show how race is a factor.
Yep, I'll be at the FTDNA booth ALL day Fri & Sat, except when presenting (Fri 11:30am, Sat 8am). Stop by anytime!
my favorite episode of fresh prince is on lmao
Don't feel dumb! It's a picture taken of your computer's screen
guess it's then. I gotta see this. How close was he to a HR cycle?
I love you too, I suppose :P
Thursday, Thursday, Thursday.
lol u wont pass out dramatico !.
Is Taylor Green an option for the #Brewers at 3B? Good numbers at Nashville.
Can't wait for Bamboozle 😃
it was fun but cold but we both still went skinny dippin lol i inaa ask gage 2 b my boyfrnd an i thak he says he wants 2 :)
RT : I LOVE SO MUCH I WILL DRIVE FROM RENO TO OZ JUST TO HAVE LUNCH. No way can win again...
dude… is all over it! I can't believe you haven't been getting served!!
dnt say my name
If he hadn't ran tht double out the other night, it woulda been #3. Ha But he was like, "Naw, I'm good off that single!" Lol
Can someone please tell me why we have boys on this Earth?
Great to have alum and commissioner Bud Selig on campus right now for a guest lecture.
buying houses. En route
All I want to do right now is go to Barnes and noble and get all of Lauren Conrad's books!!
. Fear mongers will distort the truth to convince younger workers to give up on the program.
hm good eye. Would you believe I was going for a picaso look?
love you :)
About to start the week -- wishing I had a trick for cleaning the slate so I didn't feel like at the beginning I am already behind
Having lunch with Mom.
It's like Lynn Drury sings. All is forgiven on
Hair losing moves. I'm looking more like Jack Z. RT : I do agree. Certainly a lot of head scratching moves.
#ASKALEX do you currently have a crush?[:
There's no better way to enjoy the city, really.
glee is fantastic tonight
Did the real Carl Crawford get lost somewhere between Tampa and Bostonj Maybe an Amber Alert is needed.
just a little shine, not trying to scare everyone on my first day ;)
Our lunch special today is a Sesame Chicken Sandwich with pico de gallo, sprouts and ginger sesame dressing!
Close... but no cigar. It's a woman I also spend a lot of time with.
sorry my boss wanted me to go to the fb one! I wasn't blowing you off!
just like they Relay. Can't beat americans so they find away to sceme "usa stepped on the line". Loll
I would love to discuss! May I send you an email? Also, more details to follow on our website.
If Newt got elected, would Callista be the "Third Lady"?
Thanks! Hope you had a sweet valentine's day!!
Good moooorrrrnnninnnnggg #SouthFlorida! Happy Friday - and 3 cheers for football!
We are our own worst enemy, We need to stop bringing each other down and start building each other up
#BracketBuster game. Five minutes until tip and they're playing Rebecca Black's "Friday" #pumped?
I remember Q and Bishop fighting over Steele house, they broke a vase and Steele screamed A yo chill
I need voice lessons. :)
Thanks for the follow from Down Under.
How to Build a Rabbit Hutchjaphocom - wooden rabbit hutches
Yo Kevin Hart got me rollin rite now 😂
#inmiddelschool I couldn't wait until I graduated
Seward told France and England that recognition of the South would lead to war with the US-"we will wrap the world in fire."
maybe when you learn how to close your mouth you can work on those legs ({}__{})
It doesn't feel friendly when you get more than one. :o/
there to*
I love you pa pi!!!!! You r a huge piece of my life n hold the only key to my heart!!!
I'll never understand the love for Acceptance/Phantoms. Always felt it was a pretty generic pop/rock album.
don't forget to check us out at www.StMongooseEnt.com
Tuesday means $10 buckets. Free pool! And Sarah! Open at noon Sat for Football.
Transformer blew at candlestick park. 5-10 mins alternate power supposed to start working. Don't expect on-time kickoff for pit-sf
ah okay. I've only ever been to Allentown. I love it there :)
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks
thanks for fallowing me! And you got some awesome quotes you have there! :)
Just bought my first pair of roller blades since I was like 7
have a link?
Y'all stfu with that #TT with y'all single asses 😂
Holy crap was amazing tonight!! So many talented people in one place!
#BackWhenIWasAKid you were only cool if your mongoose bike had "pegs"
That awkward moment when you get called 'the ugliest fat bitch to have ever existed.'
hi thank you for the follow. you should also check out , #author of 'Star-Spangled Sailors' out in november!
It's just not Final Destination without multiple people being impaled...
Should really be out celebrating Valentines with loved ones.. But LOVE the learning going on in the classroom right now!
New album does wonders for my state of mind :)
<---- Rappers & Singers GO follow for BEATS
Getting close to my 9,000th tweet
I have one tiny fork and when I grab it from the silverware drawer randomly I feel like a giant. Highly recommend.
I don't respond well to a recording of some dude yelling "Make some noose!!!!!"
But what about the money?
yes but if someone misses that DAY. I think it is owed to the person. Like a Belated B-day Drink??
#Follow best QB in the game also
man ole man They be killing me!!!
Was due to arrive BOS c. 1640. At this rate, that's when we'll board here in CLT.
Look what they've done to us!!!! I bet is really here too, probably sent his clone on vacation :)
if you could be any flavor jolly rancher, what flav would you be and why?
you're from the big O? I did not know that. Learn something new everyday.
I love you too!
In the time this has been on, we could have watched at least two truly great movies.
I'm already home sick :(
I lost the CA delegate #election today by ONE vote. Yup, 1. That stings.
Writing Web Host Industry Review story about security monitoring services that prevent malware attacks from infecting web sites.
Happy birthday!!! :)
Happy Friday! Hey-Who's watching the Superbowl this weekend?
Daily Rental Tip: Make sure wherever you stay, you have an emergency contact. TXCV has a 24hr. number: 901-569-2525
RT : SAG + AFTRA: VOTE YES > "ONE LOVE, ONE HEART. Let's get together & feel ALRIGHT..." by BOB Marley
tell him next time to open shove preflop, turn his hand face up and say "I'm happy with what's in the middle"
whats up jennifer hows it goin ur one of my favorite actress i seen all of ur movies can i get a tweet back from you!!!
Cant get ride of the smile i just got with that opening to 24/7 haha
"With no TGS, I see you self publishing your novel" - Jack to Liz on a 30 Rock rerun. I wasn't in publishing then, but I am now, so....ENJOY
pshhhh! Who said that? -puts bag over my head in embarrassment-
Like you don't know Danny. Ha ha
what's the actual move date?
Reminded of all the things I don't know. Thankful for the opportunity to learn.
Hells yeah!!! Stopping at the store now! ;)
Im laying across 3 seats here at the press conference.
I just don't want to be your last resort.
sittin here looking at this sexy dude pics *FAINTS* omg lmao .
Still here celebrating a birthday at the tequila bar!
So much love and hard work have been put into #daydreamsandnightmares and I can't wait to share it with you.
This weekend is gonna POP
ur dad worked his ass off and so did ur step dad u had sex on film with ray j now ur famous get real and off tv
People at work r PISSIN me off. Gonna hit Legs in the a.m. Dont need xtra motivation but they have assured that it will be Epic.
your birthday is the same day as my sisters((:
I'd rather cheer a baby step than push over the baby, you know? How about leveraging positive response here to pressure Senate?
i don't have to please everybody
Rice University 100 year celebration...just enjoy!
Back on the road after providing #genealogy database workshops for a great group of librarians and staff in NJ.
YAYYYY! I'm so excited for you! Congrats on Pandora! :)
RT THANKS FOR THE LOVE LAST NIGHT BRO I WAS GLAD TO BE APART OF IT BRO THANK YOU
indoors on a star scattered night seems cruel. i have no one to blame but myself. going out in the yard to gaze up for a bit
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 525. 525 calories burned.
On top of a motherf***ing mountain!!!
thank you!
Just finished a smoothie made from kale, parsley, banana, flaxseed and berries. Consider my good deeds for the day done.
Amor de mocos means love of boomers. And that's what u have.
Good morning! We are wondering how many moms are now using Pinterest? Any fun loving boards to share? Thanks! ^^mac
Not into the Packers or Brewers today? Come back E and J Record Shop 1242 S. Cesar Chavez Dr. Check out the RED DOT items for upto 20% off.
Hard news not on the Today show: Today, more than 26,000 children around the world will die of preventable causes related to poverty.
Wow, and I believe you!
On my way! RT : CROSSwalk steps off at 5:30 pm. Join 1,000+ neighbors to protect #Chicago kids and neighborhoods.
cats are just gross man... cant deal with em creepin all over the place all sneaky and shit
Cups of the XO
Yessir. With me every day.
naw I was just fucking wit you
Without sleep, I'm grumpy like hell!
The new official Twitter app for iPad is AWESOME. Makes all the other iPad apps I've seen look like it was amateur hour.
I'll be rolling more than one! ;)
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
Just swapped palms w/ and on 6th st. Bat bridge I come
lol im making myself look desperate meanwhile you keep going from girl to girl, LMFAO GET REAL BITCH
we use a couple of sources. What do you need?
i am a duke fan hell yea but i dont think theyre the best team in the country obviously
Thanks for following me! ;)
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work. ;) 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
Thanks Wynton for visiting my kids at St. Francis yesterday. You turned a lot of lightbulbs on! Hope to see you back soon!
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
Who just hit me up on WWF?
Yeah :D
#Bored someone Talk To Me ???
Strike out
ten graduation tickets, why does my entire family feel they're invited ? you can come to dinner afterwards ! (:
#Online. HEY!
great website. Following from ooomph.
what do you mean !? That he looks like Santa !! That's a compliment dude.. Your welcome :)
I love being nothing more than an anonymous hole for men.
will share her journey
Want to play in the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am? Contact Kim Roy.
Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you. - John 6:27
“: ... #DjGonnaSaveUs is #15 Now on the #iTUNES POP Charts! Remember this is ALL in UNDER 24 HRS!! #Blessed”
I'm ready for the next match are u ???
hahaha so Am I
It's terrible that you don't even care about the person who cares about you most. :/
one of our founders worked audio production for about 5 years too
When people text you the morning and wish you a good day >>>>> :)
Tonight show will be fueled by The Black Keys experience of last night. Maloneys at 930 hope to see you there!
What's up Houston!? Show tomo at the junction with
Girl, when do we get another song? :) I'm obsessed 😘
Don't just read about life. Don't just watch life. Know it. Live it. Experience it.
Sometimes, sappy love movies make you forget what love is really is. Sometimes it is discovered in everyday life and talks from the heart
Was great bumping into you today! You'll have to invite me down to the square for beers soon.
its awkward when black people think they look cute in highlighter yellow clothing and shit.
RIDDLE: Here on earth it is true yesterday is always before today; but there is a place where yesterday always follows today. Where?
trying to figure out how seemingly incomprehensible internet multicast video works
I wonder how long I can keep up this self-inflicted insomnia...
hello people on earth how u been???:D
“: #Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship. They are highly possessive over their lover”
some public libraries have institutional subscriptions but we don't. I (Megan) have a personal account and just use it for both.
Hey, Mike Rowe did a segment on the Gum Busters years ago. And NBC just did a story on them.
My girl said I can't match for shit lmao
Goodbye Chase bank. I'm officially a credit union costumer!
"I'd be lying if I told youu, losing youu was something I could handle".
I sing , Lil Johnson's "Hot Nuts" in auditions.
I can't wait <3
Very sorry to announce that MONA at Subterranean on Wednesday, 2/29 has been cancelled due to scheduling conflicts.
Rt if the number I tweet u will txt it! It's mine!
Y'all call 9546935795 show ya boi love
yeah I know - as does my wallet :(
I'm drooling... that looks amazing.
I found my last house rental there, but somehow when u start getting into smaller consumer goods it gets weird.
<3 <3 <3 RT : I found my new favorite spot for healthy, fast food in LA
Brrr so cold and windy. Need coffee and cozy, stat!
how can I get a #nastygalsdoitbetter sticker?! so awesome
lmfao hell no
Hoping the Packers can pull this one off.
Almost too nervous to watch the Celtics game during intermission... this almost never happens
no shirt.
Happy 29. Hope this one is stellar! Xo.
Be sure to enjoy an Iced Honey Bee today!
Thank you and looking forward to reading yours as well.
...transition from "old-school" to "21st century"... I figured, why not? I'll give it a try!" part2of2
If you can't drive your car correctly, build a garage around it.
As always, is awesome twitter friend. Follow them, check out their cool stuff! They donate generously to rescue organizations!
At the public hearing we had on the mayor's proposal, there was overwhelming opposition to an extension of bar hours.
tomorrow is TWOsday! Two for one piercings by Chris AL DAY! questions? call us!!
My strange addiction is watching "my strange addiction."
Some veggie patties have lots and lots of wheat and brown rice
Lamb jam completus. slingin fantastic lamb tartar and budweiser. You got me!
not sure yet, another exam Monday
I just don't respond at all...then they get upset and yell at me till they block me.
Let's save some characters. #dayoffosterly now
I'm amazed that the Celts can come out looking so awful after playing so well the last 2. No urgency. No hustle. Really Disappointing
The game is now lock at 77-77 with 3:40 left in the game.
Ty for saying most & not all ... There r a few good men left , very rare
It is SO GOOD to be back in the greatest city in the world.
Could you follow us so we can DM you your invites? :)
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest Isaac Asimov
How to hang a door in an existing opening at 6:30 pm sign up at bethsdiy workshop.com
Take the fucking base. Take the goddamn base. Take the motherfucking goddamn data fucking base. All my base belong 2 the world. Come hack it
Someone please get me B&C's acoustic vinyl. PLEASE.
now you need some for after your workouts- the choice for many many pros
like a stun gun stunned? or just slowed by, say, a tranquilizer?
is that what you call it??
Hi guys what is URL I have to know please tweet back
haven't been on in a while! Anyways HI ! I'M GOING TO MIAMI JUST FOR YOU(;
I slept in this morning instead of running. I don't regret it now that it is snowing.
Absolutely. If I've done that within the last week, is there anything else I could do to secure a meeting or is waiting the game
Sometimes the chefs get crazy...Ballpark pancake o' day "Pig in a Sleeping Bag" inside, Maple Syrup & butter on top
keep hearing that ..what is it?
“: It is considered an offense to hunt whales. (Utah)” ... Good to know.
now following this chico>>>>
Enjoy every bit of your fucking youth.
School for the first time since last thursday.
they don`t mind when it aint a friend because they not gone see them again lol
Blazed rite nw ; feeling good
i love you too :)
and then there were three..... ocraM is officially a member of Superheroes.
lol I can't choose one, I hope he sings both of them again
I hope this #Reds game can get in. I hate the rain.
Chika Chika has a new kiosk at Town Square!!! Las Vegas Boulevard South!!! Kawaii!!! Bling! Bling!!
Cause I'm on display
Is that another way to say you're horney??
mic ultra fair all involved
New pool is now open! Bring your swim trunks and join us in the water!
I just gave in and started using the twitter lists feature and it works very well for me.
I do wanna fix it. I hate not being able to talk to you.
It's a swim day for the #WednesdayWorkout. Gonna go see about some sprint sets & some 3 x 1000 business. Did I mention I miss running.....
Can't wait to see you either! Downtown Friday? And Saturday? And possibly Sunday?
Keep it 100 if it's no it's no not tripping
What can we learn from French food culture to improve American eating habits? - 89.3 KPCC
cuz you're awesome! duh!
" Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime, and never let go till we're gone." Titanic Theme, My Heart Will Go On
hey cutie what's up
...if only there were a location-based app for finding writrs
I usually feel sad when my pen runs out of ink... thanks for the fresh perspective. :)
The heart of collaboration is communication! Listen as much as you talk for real collaborative learning to happen.
Lovely morning at new england historical assoc conference. As usual, i have many new books to track down and read...
": hurry up and blow up"=we already blowed up!!
Happy holidaze!!! Make sure to drink a Kind or Skunk in honor of the day. The Dude abides.
Really? Afropolitan is a word?
FOLLOW ME
BBJ also was the Winner of the Excellence in Research award and Winner of Best Special Publication at annual ACBJ News awards! WoooHooo!
#hogab hoes on grand avenue blow
Lol at all the flat chested girls trying to show that they have "something" in all their instagram pictures. Stop, just stop plz & thx.
Yep lol but I don't like the lakers I was happy when they got beat by the nuggets
which ones i mean songs
i love taking pictures. But you honestly got jealous over everything. I mean even Justin bieber like honestly?
Forreal, the heat getting away with some stuff. I know the pacers can win, its a matter of WILL they...?
Do you think Walker spent $60K because he read JSOnline?
It's awfully damn close! Not quite enough business on top. Plenty of party in the back. RT : Pretty sure Ryan Braun has a mullet.
Leaving the 505. Next visit will be for 's wedding this June!
Back from the #DigitalPeepShow - best take away - if you aren't planning a mobile strategy, you're missing out.
did a commercial with him
Batum always has his #IIIooIII on vs. Los Lakers
you shouldn't be able to, but there shouldn't be anything to hide either.
Touché! RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4. ;) RT : Gave up on the #smbmad Twitter search. Darn Twitter spam!
can you tell me happy early birthday my birthday is in 2 weeks please julian?!(:
I knew you were a firm believer in
can I get some sugar?
#Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
"Dude, foreal I could shop at kids footlocker"
Lol": lmao can't concentrate while people are around talkin. Me & dying laughin. Tonight is stupid funny"
trying very hard to get retwitterized
Not really liking the new Google Reader, in looks or function.
Woke up and on the go now..
Some real gems at the SAIC MFA show: really liked Allison Wade, Alex Zhang, Josh Reames (et al room) &
Well, I learned Derby day is also Cinco d Mayo and sombreros are acceptable re: How's that work for you?
vote Houston please!
Just voted for and 25 times on 3 different email accounts! You should go vote too! :)
Trying to find an appropriate soundtrack for the day...
funny story, this wasn't even about YOU
I agree! I have a 10 yr. old, he has read Hunger Games. We discussed it... end of story.
agreed! You around next week? Would love to get together...
I'm not going to kiss your ass for you to like me sorry
trust me when I say it's not even a convo, they make sandwiches to order, they have fountain soda and slurpee machines
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me nd phil
wait do we have to RSVP now. Or is this all still a maybe?
yo all about it
We only hope that Lifetime Members were also given a chance to vote. Please write the WAA and Interim Chancellor David Ward
Wow, has gotta be confused about which corner he's standing in for #WWE28 Good job Laurinaitis
Little man asleep mom wide awake. What's with that!
u inspire me to believe that there is a guy out there that will treet me right
Los Angeles LOLakers
Damn I need a new tripod.
Dang is good at futbol. Pretty sweet shot kid.
haha chillinnn, bouta get ready for work ;/ what you up to?
When and where is this Travel Show?
Trying to call mom tonight for a chat and keep getting a busy signal. A friggin' busy signal. Who doesn't have call waiting? My mother.
Looking forward to seeing you guys on Monday at the August Wilson Center for the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition!
Wanna go back to sleep. Lawd.
she had no arms
#badovinac Like how images fill whole screen, nearly. "Label to table"? Maybe--got a laugh. Laugh is good.
2011 I plan to some changes. My choices will be different. It's time to make a true difference.
He joins M.Rivera, P.Sandoval, C.Young and J.Werth as injured guys on my fantasy team RT : Nats announce Wilson Ramos a torn ACL
on my way!
yes! :) btw I love your icon.
what? why?
i HATE sitting in traffic :(
MAN wat is there to do? i dont want to go to sleep #iJussDontKnowWhatToD:\
i messed up smmfh
Love these kind of nights
Star Wars:Episode 1, 101 Dalmatians and Last House on the Left
Enjoy the rest of your day :-)
After his recent remarks AGAINST PREZI, I have decided NOT to endorse for his campaign
Have BEYOND BOUNDARIES but haven't read it yet. June 1 is free - tell me your nearest metro and we'll set something up.
"My work is a game, a very serious game." - M.C. Escher
New shows added to Netflix..looks like my Sunday night is all planned.
Welcome to my insomnia. I won't live tweet the whole several-week long cycle. I'm just pissed at the sleeping population at present.
Got really excited that there was a Car2Go by movie theater, but now its not there anymore...
See, I already made you laugh today. Woo hoo!
Just finished up w a new client who found me on Yelp - solid Swedish session! Almost put myself to sleep. :)
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Zedd - Stars Come Out
Um...I just have one question to ask you...do you ever sleep???
watchin this court show this man got a box cut imma grab one
I'm trying not to miss you so much but so far it's not working.
dreams really do come true!
It is suggested that I follow What the shit?! I don't even wear makeup every time I wear dresses.
so excited only 20 min till we officially meet #runforyourlife :D that hashtag is for trending purposes only bahhaaaa
I've never heard of Saturday school . ?
Can you believe #Thanksgiving is THIS Thursday!? What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? We love the sweet potatoes and stuffing! Yumm
that's beautiful!
yeah womanizing isn't really my thing.
would you rather have it any different?
RT : Awarding 2 - $4500 PPC Aruba Packages today @ the Isle. Good luck 2 all playing!
Guten Tag, Bonjour etc. Welcome to our twinning tweets and watch out for our competition!
did justin told you something about the present?
Yup, and is this you in this video? And the new one: make 3,000 to 8,000 a day from home guaranteed. I want to delete them, bu
yeah haha ! & I'm from Hawaii (:
thank you!
Even tho I never lived here Lmaoo
Doing some footwork so they will let me in the Cathedral of Learning tonight.
lmfao you're tight
know anyone I can follow on twitter who might know?
Yup hit me up anytime.
thanks “ NY Times coffee column was by . Fave line: "Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did."”
I was just looking out for the team! Haha
So i pretty much got happy day down for my first night of playing tonight.pray for me:)extremely stoked! HE>i
Our good friend has offered to have a stack of "Otaku Spaces" at his Emerald City Comicon booth. Thanks, man!
Nato Green at COBO just now: "Some of these are jokes, some are tips for revolution."
I had a tone of fun. Going back soon, that I'd have to rethink. Lol
Don't worry over what other people R thinking about U. They're too busy worrying over what U R thinking about them.
Definitely met a funky smell getting off the wapo elevator this morning. Like pizza and sweet tarts and onion dip.
Web updates in prep for tomorrow are on my to-do list for today, so both Twitter accounts may be quieter than normal.
Could you sum up what Ol' Blue Eyes means to you in ten words or less?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  11
Tried to figure out what is cutting my appetite. Electro-magnetic diathermy or piezoelectric diathermy. Turns out its both.
What should the beer selection be for me tonight?? I've done Hacker Pschorr/Abbey Ale/Spotted recently...
No, that Forrest/Silva fight wasn't boring. Heartbreaking, but not boring. I don't know why, but I'd like to see Silva lose.
New professor for central Asian world affairs is hot and a film studies guy. He knows nothing about the material and increased participation
Should we have a GBV Hoot Night in Austin? Yes.
rt I hear it's going to tape there from here on out < pretty hot right? lol! the school has state of the art everything lol
I miss you too :)
Harry Potter for the mutha freaking win. #swagg :D
ill follow u if u promises to start making more tweets
and I am eternally grateful for that. But Hunter, Issa, Billbray are being very shortsighted & I'd like to see some visionaries
Preparing my class final: 3 Cheese Ravioli w/ sauteed spinach and garlic with crumbled bacon paired with Colosi Rosso Red, 2005!
Please follow ! New 1D blog. She'll follow back other 1D blogs if you ask (:
lol! You're right. Maybe that's why it feels homier, feel like I could spend hours in there. Don't feel the same about Walgreens.
Need to make up some body butter samples today. Our supply is dwindling down to nothing again!
#CNNDebate PLEASE PUT ME ON TV!
Monday is here! Let's get some good shots of what makes us happiest this week! :)
So excited to be heading back to today!
I have a big family but I haven't met most of them :)
Just got on "Draw something" add me jtott13
is john always on raw
Is there really ice on that lake or is that your impression of jesus?
Whats up with the bell cental some hoes now
: Welcome to our new Facebook site! Do you mean Twitter?
This people watching is better than probation.
Somebody who gets it! RT Everything looks brighter when you choose to be happy for absolutely no reason. It is a choice.
Wow!! Amazing show so far! so much energy & great performers! in the bldg!
I know I'm just that good(:
what's gucci my gorilla in paris?
#JcCaelynRicardoMTV I'd watch it cause duh you guys are perfect. <3
OMG U MET HIM WHY DIDNT U TELL ME :P
you blow up my twitter almost as much as
Need help evicting a tenant? Call us today to help you get started ~ 619.338.9500
Lunch time hour walks holler!
what a wonderful day praise God !
What do you think of the gray, violet hair trend a la #eredcarpet Kelly Osborne?
“: It is snowing in South Austin! :) (tiny amount) :)” What??? Where are you? None at the airport :(
Everything about him out there says the contrary. He has a mechanical or health flaw right now.
In need of more followers, what I gotta do?
": Jus cooked an AMAZING dinner yall wanna see it?"--yea, didn't know u could cook
I am on record with saying all the way until the don't, orange and blue bowl, go
She lived in my building in NYC. Stunning as ever and sweet as can be.
The goal is 300 followers by #tomorrow night. #WeBelieve its
Panel on "Poetry and Community" at St. Mark's. Everyone is braced for a fight.
Feliz cinco de mayo enjoy :D
In the building at 8:30: the dean, the janitor, and 3/5 of the English dept. Welcome to break!
Doing a nandroid backup.
. Thanks for the follow! Love staying at the Sheraton. Let me know if you need someone to "jazz up" your lounge! lol
11:11 make a wish. Lord keep my wish safe. <3.
Had planned on 10 miles today, but with a meeting that popped up, that means that I wouldn't shower before work. 6 miles it is...
you better say that sis....
haha don't worry I made sure he was okay!
I love my Big Brother He is my everything. We are way close (;
is on fire today RT "OBAMA SAYS U.S. `ON TRACK' TO GOAL OF DOUBLING EXPORTS. And quadrupling imports..."
OMG I GOT SO SCARED I WAS LIKE OMG MY BABYS HURT OR SICK ONE O THE 2 WHAT COULD HAVE HAPPED!!!!:(
Fun times ahead! RT : I can't believe 's #SOBCon party is tomorrow, the week is flying by. I'm stoked!
is that even a possibility? > “: Should Buffalo move up for Morris Claiborne? #Bills”
I AGREE !
Wow...Tebow can do push-ups with chains on his shoulders. Wow. Forget about his pro career. He can do push ups with chains on his shoulder.
lol he tried to play you
well this woman really should be more aware of her camel toe
Wait. The Bachelorette is tonight? Gentlemen! We just took back Monday.
I think it might have been me.
first time in life I've enjoyed running. Bought a supply of blue headbands in case I run by the comic store. . . .
John Derbyshire, racist hack, gets canned - Salon
96 on my math test and 97 on Econ
Be happy & active in order to divert yourself from being tempted to spend.
I agree RT : Best show on TV. I love Shark Tank. I wish you guys were on more than just one night.
Thanks for the RT, and you know, if you ever want to sponsor a band... we're here for you! :)
#YouKnowYourRatchetWhen Your Ratchet
Just voted. East Ramapo, get your butts down to your polling station and vote YES, Thomson, Rivera and Foskew!
Why do they keep showing this hoe?
guessing this Fri will be the biggest presser and will have dealt with in Maryvale! Best of luck, #GoBrewers !!!
Cash cab picks the smartest people I swear!
Freedom, we gotta little surprise for ya...
Listening to Lucy Shelton perform sprechstimme. Literally speech-song where notes are a guesstimate
Eli has an amazing match up and probably will have to throw even more without Bradshaw, start him with confidence
um, do the headphones emit sound or are they just for effect?
Not at the moment, but you can get them at http:/shop.iheartballs.org
I wish!
Excited to be heading to NYC for Kendyl's birthday and Anna's 5K!
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor.
resume to and let's talk
on the phone with my grandma ^_^
Kansas City picks Dontari Poe .DT from Memphis. Huge pick up. ..no really, dude is freaking huge!
What would you do if you won the #MEGAMILLIONS ?
so glad put me on to Glasper!
Had a great time singin in Iowa this weekend. Now time to head back to Nashville - but not until I have lunch with my dad!
thanks for listing me again, it's been a while
They nice to you cuz you a HOTTIE.
Public Easter egg hunts are terrifyingly similar to #hungergames for toddlers.
plase followme :) I LOVE YOU AN
Are you going to the NAB this year?
Standing out because we outstanding
You forgot the #thisiswhythereisemail tag.
Or, reporters who don't know what the @$&# they're talking about and just want clicks from #BBN?
follow me back!!!
Looking forward to hearing from soon about my PhD application!
Ah..there's never enough time between work shifts.
You're very welcome.
Thanks for sharing our deal!! :)
": Indiana sucks dick ." Very true
That blows dude :(
Helen, thank you so much for writing on the Linoit about your PLN! I appreciate it.
I think that the @#EFashionPolice will be doing a diservice if isnt on the list.
#icantgoadaywithout CayLeigh Lynn and my Jesus
Shoutout to killin it right now! Representing the
you are missed already! hope you're having fun!
RT : Here it is...New Orleans Stand up! San Diego Stand up!<They can stand. U sit the fuck down. Ive lost all respect. Bo
Finished with Geometry EOC. If I don't pass I'll probably kill a bitch.
aw thank you
hmm, oh Jesus :p i need to get out of town, im getting sick of seeing the same things everyday. Maybe ill walk to Canada..i dunno yet...
Funny, seen 2 hockey games tonight, white-outs. In Pittsburgh fans wearing white....what team wearing white? Tampa Bay. Wtf? Whiteout FAIL!
I'll be up there next weekend
My friend has some serious third degree burns, and needs some serious love, he is only 13!
Lou Williams just died on a pick & roll. Then he took an ill-advised jumper while the rest of #Sixers were still getting across half court
When my mom screams at me, and I really don't know why.. But its happening and there's nothing I can do to shut her up.
last time we came to Haubstadt we had to stop on our way so my dad could get new shoes cause he didn't want to wear the ones he had onhaha.
jojah aka , shadow, and I are otw to MLG raleigh, saw a place called biscuit world!!
I feel like I'm married. I'm 'shopping' with while she picks out her moms bras and panties. I want to go home.
If you want to live the life of your dreams we can train and certify you to become a professional teen coach in #2DAYS 16 hours contact us!
"You never get a second chance to make a first impression"
i hear your in london! luck lucky them! hope to see you in bmore soon
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola. -Diana Vreeland
It's tough to juggle so many things by yourself, but we have a newsletter coming out and another staged reading of a renowned playwright.
Citing a study that says players out of HS perform better than those who spent 1 year in college has minimal relevance to the big picture.
U have more Swag than Columbia Babe!!! We Love U Perez from !
Don't let today's www.crowdclick.com deal pass you by - $25 gets you $50 towards ANY spa/salon service at the Knick Salon and Spa
Congrats. Gotta admit I love me some soaps, YR especially. :)
No disrespect, but Diddy in all his artists' videos has ALWAYS been corny!
Passion makes the world go round. Love just makes it a safer place. ---Ice T
Ran into Sanjaya recently. He was desperately seeking attention walking two small dogs at Pike Place Market in Seattle.
Oh sweet! right?
Who's been "apologizing for America"? Throw that red meat to the base, Mittens!
Went to all my classes today.
Who else scrolls down their FB Newsfeed & thinks: "Don't care.""Whore." "Ur life sucks." "Song lyrics." "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist!"?
RT : RT : Do not label your feelings good or bad, right or wrong. Feel what you feel and allow it to pass.
Hi Susan! Thanks for the follow.
Why don't you get on it and put together a new design for us. Clocks tickin
UB solar strand opens April 23. Looks like DNA titration from above.
If loving you is wrong I don't want to be right if being right means being with out ya I'd rather be alone
The new Bruce single is seriously awesome.
omfg. dead at mos wanted crew. let me love you.
Hey you! Follow me :) I follow back! XD
YOU NEED TO GET ON TWITTER AND FULLY UTILIZE YOUR ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahora mismo Mr! lol
" and I had a tee time at 9am. We'll probably have to push that back an hour now."- Dad
I'll go! This weekend is baby shower, so I need to leave this madness for a bit. DESPITE ALL MY RAGE, I AM STILL JUST NICOLAS CAGE.
blue and orange have the last and black vs yellow have fist know
so much fun love you all
u shuld follow me back.. :)
I don't wanna settle for good, not great <3
Ugh. Knowing that Afrojack is producing means she is going to dive into dance music and house. No.
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for checkin' the site on the regular!
Ive been a bulls fan for a while. But since theyre gone im cheering my second favorite team OKC THUNDER!!
Love. RT : We're extending breakfast until 1! Maybe longer...
Postponing further reading of Homer's Iliad due to chance encounter with unlimited feast of RuPaul's Drag Race episodes.
then don't wear clothes, because your hiding God's master peice ;)
RT : #StandYourGroundLaw *>*It should not be used but what if i'm walking to my car tonight and someone attempts to rob me?
Ah, thanks
#DailyRebellion: Support women's sports! The home opener is today, 5 pm, Lazier Field, 2285 Church, Evanston.
anything filthy, sexual, or deviant. Or about homeless peoples pubic hair ...but that goes w/o saying. Lol
Tip #197: When short stacked out of position vs. weak/avg opponents that have raised your blinds...try a go-n-go or a stop-n-go =
I smile because I don't know what the hell is going on.
I've never seen someone so obsessed with Twitter;)
Partying on Friday in Austin!!
Loved living with and for a day! :)
So nice meeting you today! Congrats on your bundle of "joy" :-)
Thank you! I emailed off my files to you. :)
RT : Getting ready for myself and . Chicago and NYC in Vegas .. FIST PuMpin for sure !
#FOLLOW us and let us know so we can
on expressway lol... Multi tasking like a mo fo
T-3 and counting...
#ThingsICantLiveWithout GOD ALMIGHTY
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT!Please!!?
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, "Athletes & Philanthropy: Risks & Rewards."
All of Canada? That's what I hear from Northern friends.
Oh my god, I was going to go, now that is there. I'm absolutely going now! #Woo !
Oh man. You're never gonna look at roadkill the same way again.
Bug fixing the sound design module today...
#saascon Schumacher could support business growth by adopting cloud. Agility helped to delight the physicians.
Brrr! Come on Ohio, turn up the heat!
I'd go have a drink if I were you - that'll make the Pinkel thing easier to take.
There is way to much snow in New York city, Harlem will never recover ???? will we ???? Dr. Bobby Jones
I feel like pulling an all nighter with blogging, tweeting, reading fanfics, and editing pics.
Ugh.. my head hurts! Freak ponytails -_-
yes we do
well hey I love your photo
please follow me Madison <3 come to Florida :) 💜
Being single is like a vacuum cleaner: its sucks when you're turned on
Hoosiers riding Zeller to next round.
don't do it ! Lol plz Don't haha....
Gonna tell me my eyes are lieing!
Just arrived at #bonnaroo! Now the long wait to get in and park.
I love skype!
wtf i dnt want him u trippin well y am i writing u back
RT ": A woman's ♥ should be so hidden in God that a man should have to seek Him first to find her"
come out to gallerybar NYC tonight!
Thanks for the garden tips! This spring will be a seedling experiment.
Thx - Had a nice time on vacation but good to be home :-)
When things seem cloudy...just be patient and wait it out..with the help of God you will eventually see clear and understand
Gasp * ... thought Mr Martin called on me lmao
I was going to write, but then knitting sounded so much more appealing.
s/o to my newest follower
I fucking hate my sister. Ok bye.
Way to go Wade. Cost your team two shots and a possession in a close, key game.
Anyone else still waiting on their reward for being above average?
if they ask u how u doin.. tellem "better than u"!!! *kanye shrugg*
Could Facebook and Twitter be the key to marketing your small business?
RT never seen move w/ more speed and intention than when he's trying to make #Cubs game. miller park is beautiful tonight!
Lmao! Mine too! && I just seen a couple people say it on here.
tell cowboy I have enjoyed his pitch demonstrations tonight!!
awesome! Can't wait to see pix!
finally getting a good night's sleep, good night
RT :“Dont use takes out reviews of people who aren't regular "yelpers" nothing u can do to get back good reviews-tx
#nobu was awful @ #atlantisresort so disappointed! Bad service, mediocre food
I have a problem with 21 year olds that have really bad grammar!!!
Firs time @ langers! About to have an epic pastrami sandwich feast :)
#myfirstredsoxgame was in 1988 & I almost didn't get to go because my dad was upset I referred to the Red Sox as "those old giesers"
I need that one friend that'd be down to do my homework all.the.time.
Yay! Let's get some good news!
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets. Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend!
yeah is our ROLE MODEL we look up to him
Check out the tweets about u
The book sale is only 3.5 weeks away! Have you put it on your calendar yet? Sat., Oct. 23 @ the ALC from 10-2.
of course he did because Dallas is a major tv market and will continue to watch espn praise all their draft pics
I hear you. Agreed. But Sanchez does better when he's not gettin his butt bashed on every down.
En route to conducting a #tea tasting, using , and feeling last night's festivities.
We are addicted to this show!
The path to a great workplace is about attitude
best SNL in recent years
I have both naked palettes as well (;
Competition for Romo? RT Kyle Orton reached a three-year agreement with the Dallas Cowboys.
and better not flake on me!
“: Well Nicki actually outdid Charlie Wilson straw set!!”lmao!!!!
no one messes with my boo!! That bitch needs to be in hell and burn!!
Please join us at www.dealoria.com fro some unbelievable upcoming deals. Past deals includes 75% Off State Street Brats
"The possibility for rich relationships exists all around you -- you simply have to open your eyes, open your mouth and most importantly, op
Falling asleep slowly .
good morning Miss black & beautiful America holla at Squala
forget it
more of an inside joke that a low blow. :)
I just had a pic on my avi ctfup look at yours no nigga wanna look at that shit you cnt make a serious face in a pic cause you hate to see u
well then follow back
Stormy Monday...
really want some chicken
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Summer, hurry the fuck up.
May 13th, anniversary of the abolition of slavery in Brazil, the last country to abolish slavery in the Americas in 1888.
I got a messed up sleep schedule.
Some kid came up to me last night and was like do you remember my name? No weirdo because I didn't find you the least bit attractive
It would go well with Rajon Rondos jacket from last night...
Optimistic, grateful, unique,and happy
Unlock your tweets, fag.
Welcome dear. 
go Carlos!! miss ya, take care. hope to see ya soon.
Welcome Home.
I miss when Kevin,Joe n Nick makin music together.
always 1 step ahead!
Never realized the Gingrich Super-PAC was Winning Our Future and Romney Super-PAC was Restore Our Future. that's too similar guys come on
Finally checked twitter and yeah I suppose we can be friends
follow back
Want to start your week off with a PARTY? It's gonna be a blast and you're not going to want to miss it!
LETS GO HEAT!!! GAME #5 IS OURS!! BRING IT HOME FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP WIN!!!!
On certain Sundays I stay in bed all day.
The #Redsox last 2 games made mistakes on basepaths.Punto at 3rd ball hit to SS was out,today Ross on 3rd ball hit to 1st didn't score
Sure. Eating in bed. :)
I cant see you on livestream :( its not working! :/
Yu got friends QT : I wanna go to six flags But I dont have any friends lol
Yup, definitely feeling sick again... pushing through my inbox so I can maybe go home early
This Saturday is the parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
There may be four Ohio teams in in the sweet sixteen, but there is still only one THE Ohio State University, Go Bucks!
are you really going to be at the Savoy in Inglewood Friday night?
the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure. I have the SE115.
For those who are childish and still haven't grown up..hit the Unfollow button. Promise life is better without cha. #SMILE 😃
Stamp aside, hope u liked it! RT : Got our invitation to the wedding. Would have classier if the stamp was straight
‎"A world where hiearchy is inevitable would be one where possibility is finite and ... little room would be available for imagination."
you right im going to sleep now lol
I'm like 5'2, my SAT scores was high too ; But I don't mean to brag a Louis Vuitton bag Hopped out the Jag, proceeded to shag shag them , <3
Anyone thats like 5'3 and wants to be tall i will gladly give you my height.
glad we still have you here !
Play Beat the Bar today Finley Dunne's. College Basketball Pick 'Em. Beat Finley Dunne's!
"Couple bad independent women in my section/You be trickin' dollars/I don't even pay attention" (c) Wale - Face Down
Loving my new gym tho!
uhm.. i was too lazy to switch browsers and log onto this account?
Thanks for thinking of us! What location are you ordering from?
How much did ur relatives throw away in their sleep@ the hotel they just booked? This audio, some won't like, then again some may thank U?
Tell a man he is brave, and you help him to become so. ~Thomas Carlyle
OPMG Big news. Tmr is going to be a big day!
Only childish bitches fight over pickles
lol welcome!! <3 i like finding nice people it gives me hope that the world isnt all bad ;P haha
I like Big Brains, Quick wits, Deep Thoughts, ankles & feet & everything else that comes attached naturally; clean
real classy move by the Minnesota captain taking two cheap shots while losing 6-1.
i love androgyny. and hoss. i was about to approve our matching tats. but fuck star wars?
Who is this ?
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. James Bryant Conant
Ask Kerry & Sue - they use them a lot when they travel! Sue is on FB.
Tonight The Melismatics "In Droves" on Jersey Shore TONIGHT!
lol nah were just letting it go on.
Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is the microwave
went great...will be out in about 6 weeks. Ok see you later hopefully
ARE DELICIOUS!
OMG!!! Now you know tweeting this scripture to EVERYBODY!! Thanks :)
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You don't talk to me silly :p
No, we closed it at the end of 2011... :( We are still open at the end Louisiana and Menaul!
Few 1:1 seem 2 have gone 2 voters 4 bonds. Appears most R funding via SILO, PPEL & instruct support levy. Some dip into txtbook $
Mastering some singles today. CD & DVD short-runs on the agenda to.
i absolutely LOVE this quote.... "Worrying is temporary Atheism!"
HELL YEAH!!! The show is coming to Portland!!!! So freaking excited!!!
New song being posted on our youtube and facebook account tomorrow!! so excited to release it :)
Jim Mesi Band & Ed Neumen Playin' Golden Oldies til 10PM LIVE TONIGHT Happy Hour Drinks & Food 3pm - close GREAT Crowd!
Probably a logistical nightmare, but also tradition. People already went nuts when the start moved from noon to 10 am.
Tried Costa Brava last night based on the eblast recommendation. Delicious meal, excellent service.
it grinds my gears when i show up at work, and people see ahmad 2.0
my legs are handling these #hillrepeats on the bike like my arms handled #hillrepeats in the pool yesterday....
not winning
Oh and thats the conundrum. I want all the success in the world for him....but then I want to steal him away an hide him LoL.
When people go through your stuff <
you know better than anyone I have no problem saying anything to your face. I just havnt had time yet lol
Youth Prayer - TONIGHT @ 6:30pm! Saturday prayer moved to 6:00pm before the FUSION Service.
Why do some people put MT instead of RT? what does MT mean? Thanks :)
Gee. Funny that the cable show happens in Boston in a few weeks. Must be a coincidence.
yes yes you should! Why'd yougo Home
shit I seen you were pissed I've never seen the bitch before either
Coming back to Michigan, I've remembered that there are very few things I miss...
i gotta feeling
love you too xoxox
Actually, what I said was, you should see what is doing. Maybe you can hang out with him during the shower.
let's marry hobos..
So what ??? Second half play bad , big Deal!!!! So check stats last night!!!
I want to thank all my new #followers. I always follow back. Please retweet so I can get more #Followers up in my HotelParty.
jesus cody rhodes has me going... lol WILD.... GIRL GONE WILD.
that sucks!
Coach always stops me in the hall to talk about moving :(
The Ryan budget: "Fed subsidies for NEA, NEH, and CPB can no longer be justified." Really? Seriously?
April is right around the corner - excited to join our partners in Jessamine County today to talk Child Abuse Prevention Month activities.
nil = null; right? (in global scope of course :)
Austin has the cutest nose
Remember to get your entries in for our Caption The Photo contest! Winner will be announced at 3 p.m. today!
If they don't score soon, it's a legitimate question as to whether or not they'd even be able to get Mike Smith off the ice.
she's totally playing u dude. such a player. I hate players.
i just started listening to and everyday iam loving her more and more!
Every time I lay in bed, my mind is like, "Oh, it's midnight? Time to think about everything you want to forget."
I was looking forward to 35 year old dudes making jokes about poop and dicks. Why did have to cancel on me?
A few spots left on our February Biz Kid$ Camp! Don't miss out on the opportunity to learn about business and have fun too!
ya giirrl lol thanks for the love
Have a messeage behind your music.
wordd ? of what
am i the only one who just doesn't get the carson mccullers love?
Money,Tree, Cars and Karsyn the only things i want in life and music # need a vacation from my vaction...I make it happen soon
thanks guys...
cant wait for friday!!!
We'll see about that.
you just made my life!
": ": Black mamba looking like a damn earthworm!" - and kg look like a blk billy goat !!! Lol"...LOL!
one more reason to go back!
#Peak Discovery to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
A huge thanks to your volunteers that contributed to the CIS room makeover! :-)
I bet those dinners suck for all sorts of reasons.
Thats cus all of sudden everybody wanna be a rapper..So they dnt give real niggas Props cuz they wana be yu!!!
“: Follow the homie ” follow me to friend. Heard a nice story about you on U street the other day...
Happy Valentines Day to especially Sydeny Kirby with love always and forever. I LOVE YOU!!!
ok. Good luck boo boos!!!! Parker loves y'all!!!! Do ur BEST!!!!!
Friend just invited me to Everyone "I know" using it is a woman. Looks like they have a very specific demographic.
Omg in N out , i just got a boner
#imagine Austin: You’re my forever. You: Aw :’) Austin: And your forever is all I need. <3
La la world right bout now !
sex in the lounge (;
My growling stomach must indicate that my body needs food. Ok then.
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” Carl Sagan
You bitches aint ready for the real in me.
QUESTION TIME! What is the difference between heritage professionals and prof. archaeologist?
ugh.. the POT.
I am hungry for success! I am not their yet but I am on my way!
All my friends that hated Justin, now love him after watching #NeverSayNever :))
is going to be in a commercial on abc !? Pretty sure i`m going to scream at my tv when i see it.
How very good and pleasant it is when kindred live together in unity. Psalm 133:1
Oil spil is my jam. That lady is a trippy little hippie
Watching and in the movie "Tal Como Somos"
“: Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours...”
What about '99 class? Anyone besides Driver? RT : Only one NFL player from 1998 draft class remains with team that selected him
truth is beauty - and beauty is truth
We offer the Bands, DJs, National Acts, Games shows, Video Game Walls, Sports Games, String Ensembles, Tribute Acts, Casino Parties & More
politicians that continue to bring up the Obama birth certificate issue don't have anything better to do. Don't deserve our vote!!!
Grizzlies will take it in OT.
Dude looked my perverted uncle lmao
": I think I'm movin to San Fran for the year"go ahead #SELLOUT and I hope nobody takes you home from the games
Bahahaah omg i just died! arent they hideous??? like i wouldnt talk to anyone who wore those lmaoo
When your brain makes every single song, place, food, picture, movie, & thing somehow relate exactly to what's on your mind...
Powerful images from U.S. military and Foreign Service members for my new Serving Abroad project w/ ,
where's mt. crumpit? Good thin crust?
Sure is cold here in Minnesota (-12!).
I think the egret is visiting the pond. I'm too far away for a good pic, but white, long neck, similar shape to a heron?
; you are my hero :) I've never laughed so hard .
Movie time! #TheRaven. Looks freaking epic.
Well, Rush can retire now, Kirk Cameron is ready to step in for him, geeze
Thanks n I'm Luvin " I'm gone B Alright"
#dancin Viola..Magic!
It just couldn't be me smh....
World should unite together against cruelty of terrorism
Oh my back just went out, it's time to Stretch
The Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament starts at 8:15pm. Hardly anyone is signed up yet, your odds of winning a reserved study table are high!
make time for those who love you and your music/poetry:)
Herb Williams wuz robbed.
loved the live 30 rock
thanks for an invite...friend
really stoked for aaron gillespies new cd anthem song in out 20 days, and wish that joel piper would release some new music already!lol!:P
This implies people ARE watching during the daytime hours.
I missed you to boo<33
Dared the 65km wind and went for a walk. Nearly blown over but Iceland really is beautiful at sunset!
yes their unifying strategy apparently is to cater to influential women who buy stuff
if you can get in, Cafe Chloe 721 9th Ave (at G St) downtown SD. Yummy last time I was there.
I'm getting trained in the kitchen at Chick-fila-A
congrats on qualifying for Indy and the shoutout tweet from !!
HALFTIME SCORE: Ohio State 24, Michigan 23
When girls ask me for a tampon. I am not the tampon store. Go get you own
maybe Filters/Streams for ed (music/visual art/sports/science). Helpful?
you know who I have not heard from in awhile... this needs to change :P
Aww, thanks y'all! :)
I'm not gonna Hayd it any longer...I like Haydn!
DUH. Me and will throw you one!
Productivity now halted in the whole state as #WVU takes on UCONN ... No, I'm not watching ... I'm working ...
Thank you so much - will do. Safe travels.
need to quit obsessively refreshing the green500 list and go about my business.
Good morning world! Off to a day at The Salon Professional Academy Nashville
CST helped overcome attitudes of fear, anxiety, resistance & to build new teams,establish new leaders, explore values & cultural differences
I won't vote Obama ever and this psycho republican shit on twitter is worthless. Get your shit right and together. You hinder what u help!!!
Taylor looks stronger than nick
mine keep having to -re-memorize multiplication also
CAN'T WAIT! SEE YOU THERE! “: looking forward to your reading this afternoon #HereCometheBrides”
meadowlark, fly your way down, I hold a cornucopia and a golden crown
Wow sure is grouchy in his 25th year
At #smacsrit - Enjoying opening keynote by and
There was a hot naked man in my apartment and I DIDN'T bang him. I must've hit my head out something.
Nothing better than Man vs. Food Kansas City style! And they opened with the best, OK Joes!
Hey night!!!!
MT “: Just delivered 127,481-records of 25+ years of PBS programs to the American Archive Content Inventory Project
What's up? I love your tweets
Heyy on the flip side my brother gets out wednsday..
' Some good living right about now!
grits and cheese get's me thick lol
Probably. I need to do some research
Jim got mugged
