MUAHAHAHA !!! how fun was that (:
When someone walks out of your life, someone way better walks into it.
The new Time Magazine cover is blowing up my twitter feed. Wow.
Watching Captain America!! Yay!!
Promoted tweet just displayed in our feed. Can't Twitter screen out that kind of garbage if you make it clear you're from #milwaukee?
A y'all this nigga gay smh
Belmont is playing in Columbus for the NCAA tourney next weekend. I will cheer for them!
I'm getting the Tablet phone in 2wks
Hanging at the Black Olive in Rio Rancho -- Yummy!
Evan Roth, an Award-Winning Man of Many Tags - New York Times
Hey guys! You should check out Great clothing brand with great designs for great prices. Why not buy a shirt or two (;
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind (so-called retained primary teeth)
I'm leaving today... sorry.
#Live #Healthy! Don't be afraid to be different by deciding to eat right! just try it & live it every day! You only get one life! LIVE IT!
Nothing but you Lord..
Its a nice day out :)
people tell me how much you dont care about haters .
Hey Root... Reese is pissed. He's coming after you in season 2.
The momentum of yesterday's #Raven's win is getting me through this Monday morning.
Truer have never been tweeted!RT ay: If u stop dreaming, u stop living.
Well that was a good show we had on new years eve!!!! Can't wait to play again soon.
18 years of SKC opening day rosters, drop the two worst, seed them, and see who wins.
Thx for the
Thanks to for a great day yesterday, we are truly excited about your response!
So excited for World Of Dance! Gonna be a dope show!!! Who's going?! :) come hang out with us if u'll be there!
So we're at a red light and I look back to a truck behind us and the guy inside smiled and waved at me. :)
The value of a CFO/COO is measured by looking back at their careers. The value of a CEO is measured by how far they can see into the future
RT : Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. ~Aldous Huxley
:-) I'm in one of those moods where I wanna say nice things about everyone I "see"... your tweet made me want make you smile! <3
haha yeah this is my other account. this is my beat page.
i love you <3
Oh , how you please my parents and make me feel silly for five minutes.
Attended the bill signing ceremony today for House Bill 2001, the Parole Bill that was passed early in the session.
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer Jessica Hurtado today from 11am- 2pm at Princeton’s Dillon’s Gym
Another great birthday, I love my wife!
yah...idk Idk if we r going or not.
Does that change the fact that he was a sex offender who coached players?
MW3 BABY!!! GAME ON!
Follow via to win a free three day pass to WESTDOC 2010. Santa Monica, CA. Sep. 13-15, 2010. Please RT.
I keep trying to convince someone to let me mentor them. No one's bit yet *sigh*
Ova Texas A&M tonight is easy
Emily Gould at says they've raised over $4000 and 700 books. And there's a birthday bash on Oct. 9.
nice practice today.
Not knowing scares me...
Getting ready to roll out!
that's right! Best BBQ in the country is in Syracuse. Huh?
New Daniel Loeb allegations question whether Yahoo's Scott Thompson actually uses Yahoo Mail, as claimed on resume.
are you going to remove the non-handmade wedding dress you've featured from on your ? Lots of comments on that post.
I'm curious: If was called "Google Capital," would there be an uproar over privacy of financial info?
#S4L & ready to work!! ...s/n: now following
Today call your local radio stations and request ft "Getting Em" RT
should do a twitcam? i missed it yesterday. :(
Omw home to play MW3! Yeah!
Celtic fan, huh?
Royals tickets right behind home plate on the last day of school against the Red Sox!
Great TV tonight! #smash and
Pick Me Plz!!!!! iReally Want That Hoodie And If Win iWill Always Cherish It And Wont Even Let My Mkm Touch It!!
Chasing Gold
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? A: To win the no-bell prize.
:/ awee your always so busy, you havnt been on in 11 days
its true. and i want some ;(
what they don't show in the photo is where the man statue is on top of a statue of a hummer, on a stone-new york city.
Sleep is that elusive friend that never calls you back and makes your eyes saggy. I'm officially not inviting Sleep to my birthday.
Friday Funday???? Who wants to skip work and play?
Marc Majers is getting ready to present Don't Fear The Forward to the 2009 Marketing Sherpa Email Summit in Miami.
we just got ours back today, hope your next!
Thanks for partying with us tonight !
Oh please let me get you addicted. Please.
wish me luck♥
Follow our President & Vice-President on twitter!!
Talk about perfect timing!!
Now that would be awesome :)
Will do!
You aren't kidding! RT : braised carnitas hash paired with a devil's kiss (or two) sounds heavenly!
OMG! There is ALWAYS a fight on #FirstTake these days. I want to see Lebron on here next. Air that laundry out!
going to bake some cookies. then sleep. wah fuck it #yolo. brb baking
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios. Bring current Resume & 3 Show Proposals*
Ook sweet! See you then.
listening to music and awesome
Someone once said I a wise man ask question ... I wise man don't ask question ... a wise man keeps his damn mouth closed
I need a getaway. I need to be alone. I just want to find a place to be myself again.
Thank God!!! Welcome back London!!! : Redskins fans your captain is back!
congrats next stanley cup
#EBUS118 FYI... Twitter class was setup earlier from TX with scheduled tweets on - I'm at Conference with
I always use a windows machine to pick out my fonts. Whatever looks good on there will look great on apple devices :)
Congrats, Bob!
it's so great... Dub step for days
It's a wondrous place, but I don't understand it well enough to say it beats Brooklyn. Brooklyn is also wondrous to me.
live tweeting marge
You're the one
the way you do anything is the way you do everything
One answer: ask what is spirit of current international laws and how do we update it for 21st century? Not easy; take cyber warfare.
I think the Browns taking an OT in round 2 and trading back in round 3 means they expect a breakout year from
Taking. A test in gym. Lol
Thanks for following! Love finding Covenant churches. :)
Caitlin Flanagan makes me want to both laugh and cry with incredulity. Has anyone ever been more out of touch?
The only people I need in life are those that really care, Not the ones that use you and treat you unfair.
U TRIPPIN NOW
These kids are annoying
A4: Said last week during #sbchat that my wife (a mom) started to cry after watching the ad...that's impact
The other day I said I couldn't imagine being more unproductive at work,,,I was wrong!!!
Sunday. Sound check.
Charleston.:D
it was important to let the dead weight cut them selfs off
I'm super excited, but a bit nervous. Roman ruins, beaches, desert. It will be great as long as we don't have visa trouble...
Watching tv also trying to relax! And I know!!! I miss you too!!!
Using the new milestones on your business's Facebook page lets you show your past & present events.
I think I'm going too makes some Iced coffee fer school tmrw . Im in need of caffeine .
watching hockey and Keeping up with the O's via ?
RT : web filmmakers... please, don't call your content a web-isode!!! it sounds so bad!!! not a marketable term. thanks!
Lol im not even a nuggets fan i just hate the lakers lol
I wouldn't know. Set my alarm for 7 pm. Haha.
do alumni give you bobbleheads frequently?
Best sore throat remedy? Hot tea not helping. :(
Watching Whose Line on YouTube. Best way to start morning? I think so. Yeah, I woke up at 2 PM.
Yes a few Xmas services & jazz trio gigs last and this Friday. NYE I'll be playing at the Masonic Temple in Eau Claire! Hahahaha
Absolutely! Just sent you a DM with his contact info.
My favorite new fake word: RT I wanna discuss something with someone. But someone is being undiscussionable! Stupid someone.
Life is short, so u better make the most of every minute, every second, every moment that comes your way.
they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find....
just got rejected. Life right!!!!!
Good Morning Twitter Universe!
Los Angeles ((:
She's still pretty tiny—Zoe isn't a very big cat.
GOTTA GET THIS SHIT DONE, ya know. ok so bye bye dahl
MIke Conlin on VIVO: creating a national network of scholars.
Who changes in the middle of class?
Are you serious? UGH!!!!
Good luck to #rgIII good luck this season
And to you! RT : Happy
#nowplaying Hear Me Now
now i gotta tweet just to buy some shoes , maannn f_-_-_that
#Adele #LiveAtRoyalAlbertHall is some of the best live music I've ever heard!
Did 9 miles with today since I had to work yesterday. Last 1.5 miles were tough but we did it! no for yoga.
So, tryna stunt on Twitter. I got you.
Hold my fin! Hold my fin!
Off is the general direction in which u can fuck!!!
Even the sea accepts raindrops (Proverb from Ghana)....
sole y luna
Like ma bell i got the ill communication
It was actually down the line. Stopped rolling before Cueto got there.
Ima flirt he a jerk but he aint fuckin wit it, unless the head grade A academic! Fuck them other bitches haha
Of course! Glad you're becoming an STC member. I don't miss that Lubbock wind, but I do miss you and your humor! Hope all is well.
ah scratch that, putney would be better! can you make that? i finish work at 6pm nearby, so anytime from then is gd for me :)
It's amazing how you can buy 1.5 TeraByte hard drives for only $50 now a days! Awesome
"why does your tv ruin movies!?"- leonard. lol
devilish details RT : Orwell on truth: "story always sounds clear enough at a distance…nearer…get…events the vaguer it becomes"
by sheer coincidence, my favorite photographer is having a show in Amsterdam while i will be there! #whodoithankforthis?
Just found albums from Dean Martin, Sinatra, and Elvis in a $3 bin. While Nickelback's latest album is selling for $17. Seriously Mankind?
better now ... I thought u were taking me out ;)
my favorite kind of homeless man: old, kind and looks like he has a ton of stories to tell.
Anther weekend, another swim meet
Thanks to for tweeting about us. much love from Kayuh Bicycles.
Movie Review: Dark Shadows' Johnny Depp Rises With Throwback Laughs Review in a Hurry: After 200 years in a casket, vampire Barnabas Coll
omg you're a pre op she male? :0
Sad news Guys... Tartar Control just broke up.
bitch i did i call you nd you ain't answer. you always sending me to vmail
Golf Shirts and jackets as low as $20. New Drivers on sale, start at $149.99 open M-F 11-2
Thanks! for following us. We love librarians
Big achievement always occurs in the framework of great expectation.
just rko the damn thing
hey there. Received! Had my father in law in town, it's been a busy stretch. I'll drop you a note later today, cool? Delay=sorry
or Nate
wow i hate ruining any chance i have of beind friends with someone
is enjoying Irish Christmas in America.
agh, ipod is restoring.. :/ great.
Are you JENN? A Jew that Eats Naughty Nachos? Haha
I have the best friends ever... My heart is bursting from love!!
The Pogues Black Spade Zip Hoodie
He isnt a SG either. Dude SUCKS.
Should teachers 'friend' students? - USA TODAY
Toast Music is a goodd song <3 :)
wanna hear the good news? Your plastic gift card works here on Benson
Making meatballs hommie!!!!!!!!!! That Is WHATS UP!!!!
haha awe! I really want to hear it too!!! :)
I've been so busy that I haven't tweeted much lately. Looking forward to checking back in and catching up.
hopeyouhad a great dinner
Careful now, don't want to earn too much street cred in your line of business.
I knew that was you, but I would've felt like a meat head if I sent a text and it wasn't. What's new? Seasons over you dog us???
#WellersRuleTheWorld its just a matter of time. I know you guys will go all over the World! <3
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be on live to discuss the May 20 festival.
#GoPackGo is always in fashion!
All I want is a turkey burger.
Talked to Shorty from Pit Boss !! He's a really nice man. :)
thanks for letting and I kick it last night. It was epic. God speed.
(01/02) Aww Ali its gonna be okay! When Mikey isn't there its because he busy. But I bet he wants to be there for you! Happy,Sad,or Mad ...
I forgot I brushed my teeth then drank lemonade. iiiiccckk!! D:
"I never liked a man I didn't meet" - Dorothy Parker when she met Will Rogers
I'll look it up! Thanks :)
Ever try to figure out how to unfollow a blog from your Google Blogger reading list? That's 20 minutes I'll never get back.
She is such a good friend........ Yea right
I'll make a UTF-8 encoded note of that in my document-based, non-relational database stored on a replicated ZFS volume.
“All men are created equal. No matter how hard you try, you can never erase those words.” Harvey Milk
staying positive is good!
Thank you! :) more music soon! In a week or two!
Need to get back to that AZ party... We had it crackin in jack rabbits
national tour of Beauty & the beast.
don't give up on him.
lets make that happen!
Go Pack Go!
mwahahah my social studies is stupidd
Happy birthday !(:
".../And I know some how some way we all can make it/ I got a little information might as well a go ahead and take it/..."
In my house..lol upstairs with da lights off
#darknightrises I may have to get excited about this one!
read my last rt of Greeny. That's what I hate about big media. They make comments and majority of people blindly believe them ...
Happy Grammy day! <3
killer set! Back by the bar, cruise out for a high five!
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable all while clients get a great workout as well.
Love the way he make me smile
morning have a great one :)
what is up with the lake show right now
I over think situations way too much
Hard work, AVID pay off for Dell Scholar, 17
Question-- When did pajamas become a fashion statement? ATL lets get it together!
I want to let you go, but something always pulls me back to you.
With a heavy load and a long journey
and I already have way too much on my plate
Havent decided if im walking by myself today. I really dont fit in and its awkward..
Thank god for waking me up this morning 🙏
she is correct! I wear a bib, when I watch him on the show, it is that bad!
Q:thoughts on lincoln+vampires? A:Bleeding-heart politician attacks the nation's richest? Seen it already
Havnt been on hea in so long
RT : A bad idea, well executed, would still not make for a good business! But is it 20% idea & 80% passion?
ELISE HOW'D U GET SO MANY FOLLWERS?!?!?!?! OHMAHGAWDD!!!
Submitted my application to the #USF MBA Program today!
It is so pleasent to watch the green hills
M thin mints.
What he said. RT : Freedom! Duh....
It's Friday!
OMG WHO DO I SIT BY
not me haha
#IfIwasPresident...well let's be honest, being First Fish of the United States is kind of the same thing...
I`d like to give away my iPhone App "Self Acupressure Facelift" in exchange for Testimonials if you like. DM me and I`ll send promo code
don't worry..this guy >>> could care less bout Broncos. #teblowing made me want to vomit! Bronco's fans r soft!
To speak to human resources about your COBRA benefits... please press 1. To key your boss's car... please press 2...
When I'm on vacation here in the States, I can do all kinds of stuff; I can train and keep busy. - Vince McMahon
FEED ME OMFG.
You cool, went to SC; me hot, went to UCLA. Oil and vinegar. LOL
I dont came down, Hold Up!
Arthritis, diabetes, nerve & circulatory disorders can show first symptoms in feet. Foot ailments can be first sign of serious problems.
Why thank you!
yes, I am! I thought it was just me, so I'm glad someone else is having trouble.
yo i like tha vibe on ya project, thanks for the follow
RT if you have brown eyes
But its all meant in #love, ya nasty whoremonger ;)
oh so your kind of a big deal huh? Touring from London to Rome to miami :-) xo
haha don't hate!!!
Baby That's somethin' that just don't happen twice
Gone Baby Gone was filmed In Dot. I know because it was filmed on my street.
I saw at Clyde Common last night
Check out all week long - 5th&amp;Brazos behind
ST LOUIS, WORLD SERIES CHAMPS, BABY <3
Jokes4Miles: Fighting Cancer With Humor
I'm ok I guess.
I still think this is a pretty good team. Just not a good team at the moment.
i just pre-ordered my copy of #sweetdesigns whoo hooo so excited for this #mom to take charge in the kitchen!
my pleasure!
thanks for the RT!
Definitely cleared my entire plate..
Thank you so much. A lovely start to my week!
Jill, great to meet you! Hope you have a great time learning and talking WordPress.
"the full faith and credit of the United States Government" - HAHAHAHA! Now, THAT's funny...
Learn to play. I've never played an instrument. So probably read and some theory. Better late than never.
Shes as stunning as a phaser set on stun, yeah ...
I'm bouta go jog 5miles (:
that's good to know!
Trying to watch soccer on Fox. Just can't get into it.
Good win Denver!!!!
Anyone got any good reading suggestions on Data sanitization?
Let's see how many volunteers I can get to go out & and read w/ children on a Fri morning...March 2.
Hello! Thanks for the great info. Keep it up.
Sleeping on the bus to Hilo.... Most definitely
I don't know man, but I think is in love
put that hyena in freakahn zoo.
Iaght bro, does it have to be gospel?
Last 2 tweets from me were hacks, please forgive me if this has caused you any inconvienience I think I have regained control of the ship
winner gets crowned Cheat Baby Of The Year
Time to grab me some Coffee!!!!
Rep on floor: "Non-discretionary funding is things like #HeadStart, funding for ed, and med research"
To all Ultras Please bring small grocery plastic bags with you to lot 13 for the confetti. Thanks
John Duthie leaves his position with the EPT having grown beyond what many could have expected
watching face off now. Love this show. Your future husband is HAWT btw
I love twitter networking make sure y'all follow
ooh that's rough!!! Don't think I could go too long without my phone
in school. I kid you not. Why don't make one of your videos there er something?? :) :)
What if I don't want to start the week great?
what time is your panel tomorrow?
I don't think it makes much of a difference to your HootSuite experience. ;)
Too Too Funny!!!
I need an acoustic guitar so I can play something !!!
#Avengers tickets bought!
Just finished filming Aguabat!
i'm so happy i'm not at school...
We just spoke to our DC location. They are getting ready. To all of you in the path of Hurricane Irene, please be safe this weekend!
You guys doing any news stories this week for #FoodAllergy Awareness week? I see other stations around the country are.
Got all that? Lot's going on, we want to give away some stuff!
I continually find myself drawn to inst. design & prof. dev. Wish there were more opportunities at my school for me to practice them.
Yep. Long wait. Get better #EddieVedder ! RT : We did too! Both nights. Now in October.
I'm ok thnx:]! Good weather everyday in Tokyo lately♡ I'm going to school everyday.
Sick of the games
Happy Valentine's Day, tweetahs! Have you had your Gourmet Headcheese today??
k but don't start until 9 so I probably won't leave until an hour after the usual time so I won't be able to take the bus withU
I love to see men tweet about there girls and vice versa....let the world kno ur proud of what you have!
Economic impact of Final Four in #Indy in 2006 was 39 million.
Glad to see the Wizards winning, but kinda wish they'd tank the rest of the games...need that #1 Draft pick.
Don’t forget to stop by the Cricket Wireless (300 Mays Crossing) in Round Rock from 4p-6p to get great prizes and say hey to Sara!
Super goal from Drogba.
We need a grillout tweetup this summer!
Ain't it wonderful?
Are you on Twitter? Join the conversation with us at
Yes, it's going on right now. Melissa at the Canadian office has deats. 1-877-WILDMED
RT I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner.' >lmao
Omg omg bout to watch Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie!!! So stoked!!!
DEAL OF THE DAY: any 5 bars of in-stock Standard soaps are $20. This deal runs until 11:59pm 2night, so orders must be received by then.
New York subways are having cameras installed due to people jacking off. Lol. Is this true?
and it WILL happen! Maybe even sooner than that.
playing some 80's riffs for fun
never heard of it. Ever smoke a A. Fuente?
: Thanks for a great first WangoTango experience!
Excited to be the keynote at #asc12 this coming Tuesday! Looking forward to network w a new crowd!
... Wow ... Do you think it went horribly wrong on purpose ... As in a way to get better ratings ? ...
Trying to come up with ideas for #geocaching around the history of #chemistry. Any ideas?
I AINT A TEACHER BUT I CAN TEACH SUMTHING, I AINT A PREACHER BUT WE CAN PRAY IF U WANA
It sucks being hungry when you're in the middle of nowhere...
I'm bored .
Nice shirt sir.
Just saw and she took my order with no mistakes haha :)
thanks for the visibility again. Would you like me to do some publicity for you?
wish it was snowing!
Sunday heat not keeping people from eating outside on 14th Street. I'm NOT one of them.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
is TMSC still in the running for the battle of the bands?..
Damn... How much more WACC can dees succaz be!
pity those who are oblivious to the magic of Football, you don't know what you're missing...
everybody looking
that's good c:
true true. On point with the ginger ale too.
Looking forward to the video shoot in #NYC in a few days with some fabulous #bloggers!
This wedding thing on the ACMs has me more confused than Ronnie Milsap in a batting cage!
Bravo! Here's hoping more resignations are coming.
is a cool cat! Follow her!
Good Luck! Wish I was still playing beside y'all ):
Deb: In a lot of places, you can be a librarian and sometimes find time or find approval to work with archives that are not being stewarded
sick life being able to play teh poker but just selling pieces of yourself on 2p2.
You Aint Finna see a mogul get emotional
Thanks for spreading the word... Take Care JoAn
Yay! Will be interviewed later this week by Texas Monthly magazine! Yikes - my first real interview.....
Hello Oakland! :-)
first name Da, last name Shandal.
Up up and away
your name was trending on , and I got so excited for you! Apparently you're kind of a big deal in golf ;)
drinking pain with champane
People are Storming into Golden Valley Chinese Restaurant in Mesa for Excellent Food and Great Service. www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
Sore thanks to another great afternoon of riding at Ray's MTB with and See you next season,
She has no idea all I cld see was her in my future, too bad all she sees is herself...my pride always wins, I'll proceed
Heading to Whiteys then campus for homecoming. Go #gophers!
: Oh - they don't know that you're about to open up a can o' WHOOP-ASS on 'em, huh? Kill 'em softly, girl!!
Waiting in long line to see Olympians at Aries Apparel. Shawn J and Misty May!
#springforward I should lose an hour, not gain one. Why does show that it is now 11pm when should be 1am? #SomeoneDidn'tGetIt
I took driving lessons at school
I'm sick n tired of bein sick n tired
Happy Saturday. Who is thankful for living in #SanDiego ?
Just finished an interesting project in #printed circuit board interconnects.
I just broke my phone case..This sucks.
Hittin the road soon to see 's experiment at oberlin tonight
Jays take the lead with a solo homer from Kelly Johnson in the top of the 9th to put them up 3-2
It's hot in here. God I hope this doesn't go too long.
good! trying to get into the holiday spirit & you?
just sang on
IM SORRY :( be careful, taib gets craaaay.
get those registrations for the JPA5k in! Only ONE WEEK left! visit www.juvenile.org to register!
#palepeopleproblems people thinking your white .
OH GOD.
A lot of these heartless people believe they are intelligent for the things they do. People like this dont go far to tell the truth.
Now following !!
I will I will! Tonight!
Screencasts are awesome for an accelerated learning curve and the books are great to reference for more insight.
yea yea!!
it's like you took the words right outta my mouth...
Had a party yesterday at annies!(: fun fun.(:
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh, yeah, that's cool... This one time, me and my ex..
Merry Thanks New Year! Wait....Happy Thanksgiving! :)
i just paypaled some $, figured every little bit helps. hope you guys get back on the road soon! xo
Ryleigh's will be open at 11am Sunday for Easter Brunch, and we still have reservation times available. Give us a buzz at 410.539.2093 !
bro, that's gotta make you feel old... ;-)
George Zimmerman is victimized twice
I loved your article. Very nice read
": Let this Sunday be filled with Family, Friends, Faith, and the eternal memory of Jackie Robinson."
going to Pats Bills next week...can't wait!
RT : RT Life is like a game of cards…*
Damn!!!! Shaw got Hoops from flava of love?
Cheers m8's Happy
Loved at the Ahmanson Theater #LosAngeles! :)
! Congrats! You won a free ticket the Phorum 2012 Conference. Please send your info to:
MORNING EVERYONE!!!!!
Lol Dis Gay Boi Told Dis Girl He Will Take Her Man
Yeah, was a betatester on D3, its fun. But priced at console level. Eventually will be a limited free version.
Yea our president is black, but that doesn't cure every person thats a racist!
I saw! Thank you so much! I also Facebooked it :)
I'm trying... Not to
I Know For Sure Is Going On This MB Poster
we wear the same shoe size lol
Last week. Done for the year. I'm watching the game in CC 557 if you're around.
And we're on 20 years in a row where Steven Tyler fails in writing Mothers Day lyrics that rhymes with his mandatory "toss of the dice" line
I'm gonna bawl like a baby.
I have a temper. But I'm working on it.
Strong advocate for Children, front and center for
2006 Caduceus...red wine from AZ.
First phone interview w Lake Austin Spa and Resort went AWESOME!
heard he's a huge fan of the Florida State Seminoles or at least the coeds while visiting Louisville
aw our boy's growin up!
Congratulations! I have been teaching at St. John's for 20 years and find it the greatest! Prof. Charles W.
Jaysee thanks for giving me an outstanding bio...
So... iPhones are pretty cool.
thanks so much for the tweet! <3
my hope is that artist like will be added to future events...love true
We're officially going to Tickets acquired!
Sorry took soo long. Tag you are it! :-)
Recruiters from looking forward to #UWM & #MSOE career fairs October 6th & 7th. We will see you all there!
"Damn Yankees come here and they're like 'it's so hot, it's so humid'. You don't think it's humid in NY? You're right ON the water, idiot!"
We should really be guessing how many SUVs will get into accidents tomorrow. Prize=free tow. I'l go with 87.
Thanks! RT : Happy Friday shout out to #awesome new followers:
how about U pick up the quarter and i will thank u in my kind of way. :P
I just bought my Mommy a necklace that said worlds best mom can't wait for tomorrow ... it was worth it especially after all she does for me
omg I'm not sure but I'm checking right now
go away you hater...
no send me it can u?
We're a little over two weeks out Follow us for a chance to win a party for you and your friends!
My energy mission: place rose quartz crystals throughout the capitol building and grounds in secret spots.
where JB is now!!
oh my gosh! People are dumb
Thanks for the reply! Can we publish it in L&L?
Still need a job or internship for this summer? Check out for more information!
please meet me at six flags i would love to meet you jc! <WeMissAustin!>
School. Ew. Got a lot of quizzes-__-
i live in canada... calgary alberta im like est :)
Breaking News; went a morning show and told the world that he was only smoking weed and drinking.
U dont knooooo any shit about us !!!!believe me :D
it hurts to see how much you changed & how much you dgaf anymore..
haha!! xD cool. Gotta work fast! JK! :) So, you have anything planned for your 18th birthday?
Lol fools RT : #HoopNPoop RT : Or poop RT Kobe gonna have to hoop with adult diapers on tonight???
Well-deserved! Thanks for writing such a great book. From a
I hate you!
You go TNBC ...SURVIVOR...love it
Make a Case Study for clients you don't get. Hold yourself to designing something better than what the competitor is giving. #webdev 101
I hope there's some wine involved, too!
I'm so sore!!
Or Librarian. RT : Two greatest phrases for any entrepreneur: 1) "I don't know." 2) "But I will find out." (via )
Sad, but beautiful funeral for Whitney Houston, they brought the whole world to Church.
training in jersey city...
And I dnt give a fuck
I really do love playing mama bear for my phamily
Believe tour dates comes out next week! :D need to see again!!!
i don't think i could last a day of school without my headphones
Make-A-Wish Foundation. As a volunteer, nothing is more rewarding than to see a child's face when their wish comes true!
why not?
yeah buddy
That's why you need to come back to college station...
My brain hurts... /:
KCMO Preps for All-Star Game with Full-scale Emergency Exercise
It appears that folks these days don't know that you WALK on the Left & DRIVE on the Right.Guess it makes sense since ppl dont walk any more
30% of Workers Get Far Too Little Sleep
Anyone looking for a roommate? I'm thinking about building a sex dungeon in the basement.
Guess what just came on "Get it at....???"
Is there a more useless position as Defensive Coordinator at OK State or Stanford ? They would battle for 5th in the S.E.C. West.
It's a new day in denver whoa!
nothin to see here, just chillin with no pants with my best buds!
you only get one love in a lifetime.
Sorry we couldn't attend AAP's #indiebookbuzz but thanks tons for your great presentation on our behalf!
Same weather today in WI as in AZ. Going to sit out at Memorial Union Terrace with a pitcher of beer, stare at the lake. Join me?
Tough love is the best love! Lol “ Lmfao I hate you!!!!!! Jk love you too baby girl”
Joe Blanton: "This is the best I've felt mechanically and physically since 2007. Honestly." -- Matt Gelb ()
I LOVE Prezi!
The only thing I carry in my book bag is a note book and a pen.
legit red head? :3
thanks for the RTs , , ,
lol. Pls tell him she put herself in there. On more than one occasion!
How's Everyones night? Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
what is he last episode of pretty little liars whats the number of the episode n the season? or anyone eles who knows
I'm glad I got to see you if only for a little bit! It's been way to long!
For bitches like me your boyfriend wanna cheat on you! 
thanks again Nina for stoping by our show... See y'at SXSW!
Bring your own stein to Oaktoberfest. Its goin down.
The season where i can hit a ball as hard as i want and not get yelled at, The sport i plan my summer around <3 SOFTBALL (:
damn. im not even on my phone. these lap top things need to update my technology. I'm actually on my couch watching cops
Today, I took it easy on in ping pong and let him win two games.
“: Who wants a Shout Out? :D” me please!!<3
damn for real?
when I hear an adult say, "just sayin" I always think, "gosh, I wish they only knew how stupid they sound." STUPID!
how to love. <3
#Zumba knocked me out! 10 Activity Points on #weightwatchers :)
Great! Thanks for your efforts. Looking forward to hearing something.
Looking forward to the release of the #nfl schedule tonight. I have plans to make!
I don't know why I am so obsessed with the game Dragonvale
thank you! (: haha
R.I.P. Joe Frasier. An idol for all, and someone to be remembered.
I'm so happy the sun is out!!! Thank u Jesus!
I lived in Andalucia in 2010, and spent time in southern Portugal and Morocco. Soo beautiful! def. have suggestions if interested.
you both dont have Netflix lol and it's not on the web.
Fair enough. :)
i want some chinese food.
Congrats to Jessica Simpson who gave birth today to a healthy baby girl, Maxwell Drew. I guess she really wanted a boy.
Yay! How are you doing cutie? I've been MIA here on Twitter lately.
“: 2 workouts today! Who am I, ??” // Hell yes!! It was a double day over here for me ;)
his insurance will take care of it I'm sure.
What would you like to learn about bad credit and excessive debt?
yes! ANd I just did it like a month ago too. That's a lot of shops in a small time frame.
How To Be Successful With Your Personal Finance
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
Is it still a song if its dubstep?
What a beautiful sunny day in SoCal! Rockin my #JCShoes today, woo-hoo!!
The ones who want to achieve & win championships motivate themselves. -Mike Ditka
Watching on evening news
we are all concerned that you are not getting enough sustenance
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1-Warren Buffett
Last chance: Four #jimmybuffett tickets for sale. Show is Saturday at the Sprint Center in Kansas City.
Scheider, "Your gonna need a bigger boat."
Thanks! What an awesome day. Enjoy it.
Happy New Years 2012. Be Safe.
Here we go Robbie Ross
Rednecks do it in the mud...
Cannon wat up bro
yes, yes it is.
I just followed her! Can I have a shoutout?
Love is hugging. Love is kissing. Love is saying no sometimes.
David Guetta at LIV Tonight!!
My drinking game for tonight. Every time Obama says "fair" do a shot. Good luck!
If more people are playing lacrosse than watching lacrosse then maybe MetLife Stadium is the wrong venue. There has to be a backyard avail.
//Thank U Following All ;-)
honestly how do you manage to do a thing like that?
Silly is mah middle name lol ;)
It seems like pain and regret are your best friends.
Was I that obvious?...
I have a feeling that people just really don't get me. It can be annoying at times...~>
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy, feeling energized!
Omg are such good singers and funny and cute I love Liam and Harry the most their both the cutest the others are cute to
Decide on your article format even before you settle on the content you'll write about
yo thaxx #hustler_hustler for that s/o happy friday!!!
Cheer practice.♥
needs you to listen to the amazing fundraising shows on wtju.net and pledge for his Brian Eno show tonight at 11 PM.
Just finished some awesome sex with my Cuban mama.......hitting dreamland now. Night!
Highbanks is the best!
$25 gift certificate to for...! Congrats!
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Beyond Redemption is loading out and on their way to Oakland! Half way there!
Who;s live blogging the #Edgars tonight? What's the handle?
"my brother's pregnant" "oh, your brother is a seahorse?" love my friends.
Really wanting to dress up in my Mr. Rogers sweater and sing Baby, Talk To Me. I miss it 😥
Headed up to the Berkshires this weekend with husband, dog, and fetus. I hope this weather will stick around...
would you be able to meet at 2pm?
such a good combination haha
damn right we are lol i know how to fish this lake like the back of my hand
thank you AUSTIN for making BUZZ in my pocket !!
i guess
wkend has been grt! - took a walk thru central park & visited the Guggenheim with hubby, walked the whole way! You?
lol same n ok
Hell yes! Just did week 8, day 2 of !
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her."
The #RM Listserv can be more animated than #thatdarnlist sometimes, making for good reading (i.e.: flamewars)
My pinky is sprained :( Poor little guy
your Mom in boots
Wishing I was out watching #baseball instead of inside working
game is definitely on!
please tell me that Quinn Fabray is not dead!
im utterly in love with <3
Such as: Baseball fans are, on average, the roundest of all high school sports fans.
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare - how was your experience at Kittichai?
I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!
Tell me my dreams aren't realistic, I'll tell you yours aren't big enough.
Agreed. But give me a Sondheim musical any day.
I can not always control what happens to me but I can control what happens within me.
can all my followers help me get to 600 followers plz
You said u wanted 2 be friends, so we become friends and now u want more coz I'm moving on..... O pleasezzzzzz lol
#NMSTE11 see you in 2012! Great conference....
i just watched that part ;)
pup is EXTREMELY pleased with herself that she got away with it. don't think she'll be so happy with herself later...
"The LAN Before Time"
Good things are happening - enjoyed my visit today,
Enough playing around with the Semantic Web. There's a major data migration that needs me.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
seriously you're lucky!! this is girl is flawless!!! :O
I wish I would learn my lesson about that
People live tweeting
Yum! Chinese food and Hulu. Tonight is going to be relaxing. Back Zanesville tomorrow for some house cleaning.
Just landed in Vegas; here till Saturday
How long until one of these iPhone photo apps update with a TSA-like, pseudo body scan filter?
I agree but he did trammell wrong.
Done Djing @ spectrum now time to go home and rest a lol before Rumi lounge tonight!
boo you whore.
Here's hoping that the Foo Fighters' Grammy might pave the way for more rock at next year's Grammys.
Voices carry
Off to bed my TriggaBooBear as I blow you sweet morning kisses 😘😘😘😘💋💋💋💋💋💋 I love you!!!
I love disney I am going to try to join the mom's panel!!! go mickey!!!
Whoever gave me this head cold...I'm coming for you. Highly irritated.
ill get one with you but you pay. lol
I like your style.
after tonight I am hoping that they start letting the bachelor/bachelorettes see the confessionals
A recent Yahoo News story found Seattle and Portland to be the top two best cities for hipsters.
all those kittens and cakes are worth gazillions, I reckon.
Yeah...it rained at my house...hope it cools of below 60 tonight
Yes! We love this one, too!
Korean is so hard :(
Yes Doc!!
The Junior Dance was a success. If I had the teachers dancing, I feel like I did a good job
Receive a complementary birthday facial on your birthday for following us on Twitter! Yay!
I can't wait to start my job soon I need some
im alone too dont feel bad
Happy #EarthDay Sunday, April 22! If everybody did just one thing to celebrate - imagine the good it would do!
Lazy outside Sunday
Can't Nobody stop you when God is the Wind Beneath your Wings!
I officially cannot sleep without having a nightmare ..
Great picture of the Fine Arts and Architecture Library!
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
Illinois Derby longshot
u ok
My NYE Resolutions is to make NYE Resolutions! RT Does anyone still make NYE resolutions?
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves text back with wow
$h goes to -------> follow her, shes the coolest thing since sliced bread ;D
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing your group at the game.
its sick. Totally sick. 45 mexican restaurants.
Can U PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAASE accept my skype request
It was a great soapy moment...but Steffy is the only one in the triangle coming off sympathetic.
i think all conferences in ncaa with numbers need to have the correct number in their name: #big12=big10, #pac10=pac12, #big10=big12
is there a way to delete my account? I can't seem to find any info on the site w/instructions. Thanks!
I bet everyone at school only knows who watic is because Alex gaskarth guest vocaled on kiss me again.
on February 14 released their first song #11:11 and now draws his May 14 second song #Saysomethin :)
My body feels so weird right now holy cow, knocking out when I get home
I do have ONE question: Will the audience be allowed to boo the moderator every other question at the Mittens-BO debates?
Have a nice nap Logan. <3
just cast my ALA ballot for my favorite librarian rawkstar Good luck!
not gonna be able to sleep with Larry Bird pointing at me...
Oh American Pie.
I hate cooking all this good food on holidays n having to wait for every1 to get here to eat! Bump that! *Usher voice* LOL I'm eating!
#Actors you gotta stay connected to your community! Check out the coming this Tuesday Aug 30.
Why can't you go?
they claim to want to stop.
It's neat that gmail locked me out of my account for entering my DOB wrong. Yes, I am older than 13.
Sunday Brunch On January 9th, February 13th, March 13th. Check out www.golfthebridges.com for more info
Who's winning? Both.
II can't imagine! my first job was complicated enough & had a steep learning curve, & that's w/ archives coursework.
#69Factsaboutme 60. This is kinda fun!
YOU ARE AT 1,000 TWEETS
"My pussy on his mind like fitted cap"... you stupid for that one Mama! Love you word all day Kimmy!!
Excited to be going to see Matt Wilson, Gary V, Martin W and Terrell Stafford tomorrow night at Dizzy's. Should be a great show.
If you see a comet, baby I'm on it making my way back home <3
Share a smile with someone else so that they know there is always hope. :)
all day, every day.
just got drafted!!
If I let you over in traffic the least you could do is the rearview hand wave or the brake light thingy!
Ess-a-bagel. Got it! It's on the list =) (Well, in the Google Doc)
haha you would say that! You better be careful! Somebody gonna come beat yo ass!
Awhh, I'm gonna miss symphony :P
No I don't think that's why they call it window pane.
& Jimmy's a Genius and Inge gets the GWRBI. What the hell just happened in the world????
Can't wait till tonite!!! Indianapolis!!!
Nice, works even better when done together!
just had some damn fine liver with bacon and onion sauce wish i could live there.
wow! strong women indeed... your friend is a saint!
my phone's home screen seems to think I am in Bulawayo. but it's 75 and sunny there, so maybe I would rather be there.
haha XD next time we have to knock more screws out of the wall.
TO figure was BLISSFUL SHARE food with hungry.
A TAI player review of former Denver #Nugget Nene coming soon...
Watching a bad 80's movie that's complete w/ high-waisted mom jeans, permed man mullet (in ponytail) & paltry child acting...I'm in heaven!
Can you bring a guest? :-D
sounds like you're having a rough day
How is that suppose to make me feel?
Good pussy aint got shit on faithful pussy. #Nthatsreal👈
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday! Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 5-8pm! Just $12 a person!
Why? RT : I hope is writing a fake for "Ted."
foodsmart. Delivering the Art of Living Life well. With Love, always! Enjoy your evening!
I love this! Thanks for taking the time to compile all these outstanding social media quotes
Looking forward to seeing who this year's crop of Commencement speakers will be. GSU's is Vicki B. Escarra,President/CEO of Feeding America
Waiting for the little lady and grillin'
If you rap showcase your skills tonight on #LateNightLesbiansRadio via its all about you !
in Tampa this weekend. You are too crazy for B More!!!
Drivers ed at 3:30. I want my license already.
My head itch like a motha fucka!
RT : Augmented reality is when reality & the internet fuse, & digital information is a layer on top of & augmenting reality.
'tis an honorable thing you do, sir :)
thanks! I miss you too, we need to hang out!! <3 I'm having withdrawals..
Off for a couple of weeks. Just going to kick back and enjoy the summer!
RT Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing zone in a swimming pool.
I always like the bob style
iTunes is getting purged...if I haven't listened to a song in 3 years it needs to go.
and some brews would hit that spot for real
At the gym with #dassit!
Cardinals lost today but Re thriving without Pujols and TLR. I'll be honest. I didn't think that would happen
ok goodie Friday it is. Sends text
#Yankees offense missing. Reward if found.
So tired. But this storm wont let me sleep.
In order to stay in the BIG XII, #OUDemands Matthew McConaughey wear a shirt.
Oh okay thanks!
If Cheez-Its are bad, well sir, then I don't wanna be good.
Time is money so why your watch not iced out??
best idea EVER!!! :)
you gave been killing it recently. Love your posts. I set a colleague start on the civil war.
bitch who sings Call Me, Maybe is fucking 26 years old............zoned.
#niallhoranisbeautiful #NiallisGorgeous these should be trending everyday ! why does he have insecurities he is FLAWLESS
I hope the colossal failure and server crashing is not going to happen tomorrow when I get home and load up D3. I will rage
's tweet game tonight >
It's not her fault, though, that Petrino hired her. Infidelity isn't job related. Yes, bad PR for AR; but Petrino did this.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
So because of my outrageous homework load and long rehearsals I cant do it for long, but I'm about to start THE HUNGER GAMES. :]
Seriously funny!!!
Just came from: 2011 Alive! Expo Green Pavilion & Mix Media Luxury Lounge during Oscar week! Thanks Misty @ Extreme PR! Had such a blast!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
Demand your money back. That was a gyp.
I just realized they switched the piano player on #Glee!
thanks you Cindy for answering my questions and keep up the good work on ESPN. Big fan of yours since 2004!!!
It's my daily battle. I think I might need to give it up for Lent!
Whats up man
Shout-out! Thanks everyone 4 helping me get 2 100 Followers!!!
i gotchu bro
you should come onto the show.. :)
Don't you deserve a night out just the two of you? Of course you do!
I like...looks like Toni Braxton. Sara did good
sounds like a perfectly appropriate thing to discuss over an AB soon.
I'm a bomb ass poker player... Online. (and with fake money) :p
I'm hoping we can avoid that and all the "back in 2007" analysis it will bring during the game
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Crossing the Chicago river on the bridge!!!
Sorry for the shipping delay on you international folks! I'll be going to the post office on my lunch break tomorrow!
One week closer to summer
Lone star college tomorrow! Should be a super fun show!
Putting proposal together to present at FETC? Has anybody done so yet?
About to eat these commercial ass chicken and waffles with 2 beautiful ladies.
For every person seeking greatness, there are dozens charged with safeguarding mediocrity. Randy Gage
it's still a compliment....!
I love the fact that I can believe everything you say to me, thankyou for nog being like other guys. <3
Did we mention that tonight's Community Cinema feature was nominated for an Oscar? It's that good!
Conquered Camelback mounting with my #brewers colleagues jim, billy, Megan and Kristin. Thanks for waiting at the summit for me.
RT:: RT : Excited for Meet The Bar with the babies!
Lol. There's No Guarantee That'll Change Anything
its a car game lol its cool
i like how i suddenly became the bad person for putting myself before people that hurt me in the first place
there's no fooling you :P
will be closed for Christmas Eve & Christmas Day & New Year's Day
did you see Alex Liddi play at third to save a run
I'm going to hopefully have Harry by the time our 10 seconds 2 inches away from each other is over. If I even get that lol
MY SiSTER L0VES MiCHAEL AS MUCH AS Y0U D0
Happy mothers day ! For your 1st present, im making Abby clean the house =)
Lol, that's quite a lunch! Where is the FOOD?! I love , they are SO accommodating to my special requests.
Kirk Gibson wouldn't catch Orel Hersheiser's first pitch tonight because he's is a D-back now. Attitude not seen in the #twins organization.
“: Both teams 180'd in 2nd half. Bulls have a promising future & Skip Holtz (with Daniels) will make it happen."
I'm so fuckin scared right now :'(
left, unless you were planing on pimping out a few ho's on you downtime*
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal. Love leaves a memory no one can steal. 1 year and we miss you grandma.
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!<3 biggest fan! still waiting for you to follow
Thanks for the follow! I really miss being in the GREAT state of #Texas. Next time we're in town I WILL stop by.
There's something fantastic in having the theme from The Good, The Bad & The Ugly come on shuffle when you're headed home from radiation.
I know my #Avs buddies won't like this, but go North Dakota
well that's way better than the only other offer I got. I refuse to clean Mark Madden's bathroom in a mankini
You would lol
no but we will one day :)
have a MUST WIN GAME TONIGHT.
Need to find out if Taco Cabana really hickory-smokes their brisket.
The most important question. Who is holding Jonah? & yes Bill is listening to the plenary. Watching NCIS LA 4 me
text me
Minn DNR aerial survey finds moose population continuing to decline, down to 4,230 from 4,900 year ago.
Three for Two pre-rolled cones today at The Clinic!!
Looking forward to doing the hustle on tonight!
#EmailMarketing Tip #10: highly segment your list to send customized relevant messages to match their world. Never blast!...
yes all of my pics are me! Never stock photos as that invites trouble!
Jus put in another days work as the shotking
2189367999 pin 396135 it starts at 8PM Eastern Standard time every Sun. Tha call is moderated by Sistar Fayola and the Empresses
Sending love and prayers your way today! Miss u.
Well this sucks.. I just found out I can't watch 's twitcams cus it won't work on my iPod :(
How to reduce violence in #Mexico?? Hm...
Just tested (played with) our clients new iPhone game still in production. Should be out in a few weeks and it's super addictive.
Good beautiful morning! I feel a fabulous day coming on.
I just ordered Moulin Rouge on BR. Take that, sexual preference stereotypes! ;)
“When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.” - Buddha ~ ♥ ~
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
Hopefully I can keep this job
So much beautiful pictures in Tumblr!
Team: Kids are scared to fight. If you lose, you're a punk. Guns feel like protection.
Comic Con Day 1. Still going.
Taking 6 months of physics and cramming in in my brain....
YEAH! Welcome to ! you better be in our hood today...
thanks, lovely! xo
went to the library at 10 to vote & found voting does not start until 11 #Doh!
RT : Today's allergy count: trace amounts of Oak tree and grass pollen. The molds were very high.
Sending love to all the mommies! Happy Mother's Day!
1st round potential???
It's a bit late, but thanks for #ww tweets from and
my life.
Today we repair a crumbling chimney. Anyone else have crumbling brick or mortar problems?
#WFFConf12 Pat Harris congratulations on your much deserved award and for blazing so many trails for all us!
Weird when FB suggests Rich Sommer to be my friend. I guess im greeting to know the right people, eh? He is very nice btw.
"here's my asshole boss!"
I think she's already announced it will be a trilogy. Did you make it to the library before they closed?
I want to see a movie. What should I see. Hm. Well, I guess I'll just wait for my friend Mike to call and invite me to Horrible Bosses.
"My mom has been looking to buy a Toyota Prius for almost 3 years now but the prices have always been so outrageous along with the miles...
Need someone set up to record VO in LA. Short easy gig, paid. Hit me up.
Dont get it twisted....#golddiggers can be women OR men!
Love the Norfolk St. Father in the bleachers wearing jersey & showing the arms off LOL
The Pulse tonight! 1-4am interviews from Rock the Bells and DJ Amen Ra and DJ M2 tune into Power 98.3 or stream live on power983fm.com
Going to grind poker hard this week because I want to buy a yellow jeep wrangler to cruise in for Ultra 2012. Doing it well.
Also: If I were going to shoot someone, I would *so* do it during a fireworks show. Damn you, security background.
1 second away from 1st, 2nds not that bad though. :/
happy Senior Week class of 2010! don't forget to check out all the events planned before commencement!
LBJ versatality oft compared to Magic playing C in Finals. Prob is we've never seen it. Now they need it & still not doing it
#dataSMT Oh! Good answer ;-)
Best show ever the guy code
Interesting piece in the USA Today..no talk about budgeting. Also 75% of airline miles “rewarded” are never redeemed.
Show on the 7th in Redhook!
what did you do.
we can do a 3sum
so, how should I address a parent who's upset I didn't follow through on a letter of recommendation for their child who dropped my class?
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I Gotta Big Nose Lol
Thanks for the RT : )
And prayers out to his family, it's tough to lose someone like that #Rip Cuervo
We play on Wed!
these shenanigans happened last year too under Phil when the Mavs swept the lakers. Bynum,Odom,& Artest acted a fool in game 4
Tonight I was interviewed live by Larry King at work. His question: "What's this table for?" And then he went to commercial.
it's on my list. Here it's #wicked bad.
What are your favorite #design trends that you see online today? Trade Gothic usage? layout integrations?
I think divorce comes somewhere between that second and third photo. Time to put down the camera and help.
So glad that we r almost to Clovis! I'm so ready to lay it down.
some red velvet cake
IM PROUD OF YOU
In my room listening to my new iTunes purchase #PutItDown by and eating some tacos. Life is so great.
I didn't yet but I plan to when I get home. I want to make it my text tone. Thanks for posting it.
Please come out and support our Health Club on May 4th! There will be something for everyone. If you want to help or donate let us know!!!!
how was your first day of school? (:
Q: If you are visiting a foreign country & want to brush up on the language before you go, what sites or resources do you use?
So happy for that I could cry. Saw the trailer for "Circumstance" before seeing "Conspirator".... The trailer was better.
not long, only 4 or 5 months
Hey man loved the cover for crash into me
#goodideasforcities Creative place making!
Recording the podcast tomorrow night. Any ideas/ suggestions for the show?
My big brother Scott will be on the TWC Sports 32 roundtable tonight, talking about the #Brewers anemic offense and how to turn it around!
said wherethehottiesat.com is Pregnant with Brad Pitts Baby!!!
Ain't a woman alive that can take my mommas place ^.^
Do you have dropbox so i can send you the video? Too large for email
no!!!! Jerry!!!! Tha's really really really not good.
Headaches suck, concussions suck even more :( shower, ibuphrofin & bed
Nothing like a creepy Septa conductor
Finally signed up for Google+. Now, to figure out how to use the darn thing.
Thanks Josh!! Really appreciate it.
tiny failures=tiny lessons...Go for the big ones instead... The rewards r so much better :-)
SayMedicine Medical Pronunciations is Compatible with New iPad 3
Authenticity is so delicious!
This next year's presidential elections are going to suck!!! Right now no republican candidate seems capable of running this country...
#beliebersgohard Our family broke a record, way to go, more is on the way:)
Me too! I've been watching House Hunters Intl. nonstop. So since we do go to Georgetown, I think I'll try for the I-MRS ;)
ohshit! I still want to see... Is it all over?
"Meet the Beagles" makes a badass pre-game mix!
To make up for the #DowntonAbbey tweets: of COURSE Denver played Black Eyed Peas after they won. We look forward to your stay in New England
Timing is everything! "And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again. " - Jerry Cantrell
Had a great photo shoot earlier today with now trying to work through these challenging issues...God is with me and I'm cool!!
Actions speak louder than words... So shut the fuck up!
Don't cry over the past, its gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Boy do I like our QB RT Thanksgiving at ford field. Heard the boos at halftime... Must have been the halftime show idk.
Its hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone in Canada!!
That laugh >>>>>>>> hahahahahahhaaha
ya i pretty much threw in the towel on the board. For shame i say! For shame
Hey #BudLight how about bringing back the "Dude" commercials? Those were the funniest ads ever.
#inthe90s Grunge was in
Didn't see you're tweet until now or I would have tried to stop by and say hi. It was better than I thought it would be.
jump in :)
Tyler Newsome announces his decision: Pikeville College.
patches enjoyed meeting you
I wish Twitter had a "like" button
Come join us for the #Knicks vs #Heat tonight! Game 3 baby!
thank you <3 :D
huge lesbian cab driver talking about the wbna and carmelo's wife for five minutes. #stereotypes?
Me and my nigga gstrip bout to dip
guess what song i just heard on the radio?!?? BOYFRIEND NEW FAV SONG AHH!(:
My friend sent a letter that i wrote to you,without me knowing,she asked you to draw me a duck... Did you get it??
I'm going to run over this neighbor kid. We are leaving. Please get out of my driveway when I ask.
Stopped in at the yard sale across the street and found what I was looking for for only $0.50! How did they know? A conspiracy of good?
feels like I haven't talked to you in like a year !
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you”””
Oh he was/is swerving all over the place. Thought he was drink until I saw her sit back up.
with cream and sugar please. you owe me one anyway for missing my birthday! :)
Will launch search for new CDO.
Good day, damn. good. day.
celebrating 's graduation at allen field house this morning. rock chalk!
Hey ! Have you ever thought of doing a Space Needle inspired flavor?
I no he got player of the game
hey to each his own opinion then.
Jim Snabe gives insight into the technological advancements we've seen since 1972 - software made the difference, not hardware
Yeah well you used pluralized tattoos the wrong way.
Im OLD??? I'm YOUNGER then you- If I'm old, then your really old fat thing
JOIN MARK CLAYTON AND MEMBERS OF THE BALTIMORE RAVENS!!
Hey, thanks for the tweet! Such amazing winemaking talent in #WW. Lucky us!
Basketball wives today
RT : Put your money where your house is. Support local independent businesses. Keep your $$ in your community.
Today Is My Birthday!!!!! Is a Good Day:D
It appears my account was hacked and my followers were sent some bogus messages--not mine!! Sorry for the violation
Miller Park just turned into Sotto
In what ways will dialog be encouraged? Sometimes it's hard for off-site Twitter pals to think of a question.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP=
RT : Perfect day in NYC! Heading over to office, getting down to BC's - see you soon guys ;)-Can't wait 2 C U!!
TAKING ON ALL CHALLENGERS IN SC2 O_O
cum on Giants got 2 watch dat run game now
Neuroscience data geek out in the office today. Text mining for scientific breakthroughs with and
Damn he cancelled his FL tour dates...I guess FL gets NO LOVE! :(
it wont even turn back on.. i have it plugged in what the heck
been away from Internet world for so long it seems! Have 2 more days in Australia..Just back from a trip to Melbourne+Gold Coast. Good times
The studio life b crazy. S/O to
#dallas tornado touch down South Dallas. Tornado watch east Dallas
Coming in June has scheduled a restoration of rights workshop in conjunction with Bishop Curry to help ex-felons
yeah... i love my place :D
#LadyGaga back in the meat dress, #texting anxiety in new relationships & #pottingtraining help. n #HotTalk tday at 4
The AAP recommends that babies sleep in the same room, but not the same bed as parents in order to avoid known bed-sharing hazards
Whoop! Great job Ags! :) “: What an amazing night! Perfect weather and a GREAT GOD. Shalom final total: over $128,000 donated!”
Lazy Fit tip of the day: Dynamic stretching is considered a workout... so get your bendy on!
bitch i'm ape shit!
Oh great gods and goddesses of the interwebs. Why have none of you created a good Flinstones name generator yet?
This works for me EVERY TIME, Carlos. I hope it does for you too! Glad you retweeted it... thank you!
You know you're an anthro major when you use phrases like, "a 'sounding board' of the zeitgeist," and you're totally serious.
2day was BikramYoga-I love that it's a practice & meditation,not a workout.Always find time to reconnect w/ self,or there is no u in ur art.
Building my ezgonow wordpress blog........ oh ya
3?? OMG, I might be able to go! RT : Neil deGrasse Tyson (ie my space boyfriend) is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today @ 3pm.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. – Thomas Jefferson
tonight i'm at Excalibur for the annual executioners ball! come see the best costumes in the city for the biggest prizes!
It is 5:30 in the morning now and I felt like thanking God for what He has already done for me in my life~BAMM.
me live me some
went to sleep again. What's up you cool?
I think the last episode is next week with Paula Deen.
hey Fred. Remember when you were a guest on my podcast last year? Would love to have you back to talk about these findings!
i work there, would you be OK if i send this to our customer service group? Maybe they can figure out what happened
for this cd to not to have a lot of solos in it the song a face to call home makes up for it this is my new favorite song I gotta say (:
Friends come and go but best friends stay forever. thats all I have to say. Switched at Birth
I love #Nutella to!
i am done with you chris smith yeah your a fucking player so you can text tht dirt skank all u want because i deserve way better then you !!
Industry-leading fuel economy comes without sacrificing power
#Project366 coming soon! Stay tuned for some cool photography and fun projects for 2012! Big things are gonna happen in 2012.
Yeah I don't think he's going to be quite on Bradshaw's level, but he should be a solid complement to a power runner. Thanks.
Uh, your link with the picture gives the answer away, anyway.
..what ya trying to say, sparky?
Jersey Shore!♥
Of active users, 67% of people who used #instagram in last week, used it yesterday. High, Facebook-like engagement.
Salsa lessons went well, looking forward to polishing my moves #<3dancing
That;s how I feel about twitter. Don't actually know anyone. I've met all my facebook friends.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW! So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE & AFFILIATE With The 'Movers' & 'Shakers' In The Ent. Biz. So Should YOU!
How can it not be?
Haha! Thats so funny cause I was going to ask, "Bums shooting up on the corner in TL?" Great minds think alike. ;)
I just accepted a green roof speaking gig at the "Enviro-Fair at the Fair" on Saturday June 18 5:30PM, Del Mar. Let's get a good turn out!
1 week. 2 seasons of Pretty Little Liars.
10 years from now Ill probably regret half the shit I do, but at least I wont say "what if".
acrostic poem in #LASD union newsletter: "G: Gun. Think Gun always...Gangs, how dangerous are they?...Guilty first, until proven innocent!"
Will do...
lots of wine and gourmet beers, cheeses, local and sustainable produce, etc. We heard it opened this weekend.
I've changed for the better
there will also be a lot of jazz hands involved.
I bet the achievement gap starts a birth, but researchers just haven't found a way to show it yet.
Just auditioned for Allegra commercial.
Cans trivia at 8!
I love this idea! Anyone need an MBA student to help out?
In fact, I think affecting your own SEO is an entirely separate article…quora is awesome for that
Here's your daily hint for the Santorini Winner! - She referred at least two friends somewhere south of St. Paul, MN.
lol! Yes. She butt dials every time she passes gas, which is often!
Off : I just had the best time!!!
That Werth play especially being on Ross, just changed the series
So much has happened this week I'll be glad when its all over now bed time got work later
Join us for lunch or dinner and enter our Chillin and Grillin Promotion. First place wins RV rental, cooler, camping furniture &grill tools
Television shows
Beach Boys laid it down!!!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe
Brb guys I'm gonna go die. Officially scarred for life 0.o
Austin Aries and Daniel Bryan are just the best right now.
Do u like or dislike John Cena?
Lmfao. You're not slick. “ RT : About to heat me and cj up some Cinnamon Rolls. (:”
#Tebow to Jets!
I'm never coming home. I love Jamaica!!!!
Lori spoke on behalf of AB 1648 CA Disclose Act this morning; will increase transparency in campaign money and funding
ITNS now up 53% still looking strong ... protect profits
Looks like winter FINALLY arrived in Reno!
How 'bout them Detroit Tigers! 2 down, 1 to go in season opening Red Sox series. Yesterday 10-0. Today an exciting 12-13. Go Tigers!
This weeks mobility class Saturday at 9am!!!!! Don't miss it!!!!
Very Busy but productive today for BAL. Lots of auditions, bookings and talent management. We are proud of our on point talent.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen everyone thought that was gonna be pissed, but he's laughing l0lz
hair color no more all black
You guys are wrapping camp up tomorrow right?
Awwwe that sweet! well thank you :)
Brassow story is a bit disappointing. Too much build up.
Had the weird dream about a guy I went to school with and we kissed! Not sure what was up with that.
There were already people drinking for the Rockies opening day downtown on my way to work.
thanks, West :) It's been nice to have the company of twitter friends.
oh dude! No fun! Will out on yer behalf..
ah you fucking prawn!
spoken like a true non-parent
thanks for the follow. Keep doing your thing!
You are most welcome! Have a great weekend!
Blacklatern says degrassi rocks
It's really nice, sweet Google Apps integration, and cool onboard storytelling app. Impressed so far.
I did enjoy your food today! My husband was with me and enjoyed your dessert so much he forgot to share.
Gonna go spend some #fatherdaughtertime with my dad...haven't seen him in months</3
NFL popularity kills NBA popularity. Not sure that is a fair comparison.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human clashes and natural boundaries can't be removed.
Be organized w/ code, files & TIME. Time=Money. Don't waste time on tiny blips. Overall functionality+looks is what counts.
Congrats to who won the ticket & art giveaway for 4/22 @ Club Passim. Please DM us to claim your prize!
The entire month? Cool!
I think we should start a website together #muscleswebsites&MichaelKors #getlikeme I'm at my house
he said ya if u teach us how to beef it up
