Anal bum covers.
What If He Shaves? Lmfao
Your avatar is bloodcurdling. And that looks like one bloodthirsty Hellhound you're holding.
Hey , thanks for following!
young girls love justin b
left 4 work early 2 actually buy her roses bt when she called me and pissed me off burned them & threw them n the garbage gotta love my mom
Home made pizza, champagne, laughter, dancing, record playing... Tonight could not have been better. I love my friends.
Up and getting ready for the first baseball game of the season.
Started off my weekend great. :)
Regret won't waste my life again
haha yeah. So how are you?
Karma's a bitch only if you are ; lesson learned.
.. heat where you are? its warm here. but i want summer.
My friend wanted to travel more with me this summer. But that's not what house arrest is all about.
Played through "Are You Ready to Be Heartbroken?" by Lloyd Cole & the Commotions and realized I spent 18 months in 2004 trying to write it.
Look for our cruise discounts in Google!!
Most importantly, Israel has taught the world how to fight terrorism without denying people civil liberties. #dersh at
SHAKESPEARE WAS A FRAUD!! Just kidding. Come see #Troilus :-]
Donuts are coming a little later today - perfect for an afternoon snack on such a beautiful day!
I'm so sick of all the apologizing for/criticism of the Tebow coverage. You watch. I watch. Everyone watches. That's why they air it.
Great band! : Don't miss The Slackers playing at Ace of Spades this Friday! Get 50% off your tickets at SN&R's sweetdeals now!
Hard not to like KD. I don't care if you have "Texas Sucks" tatted on your forehead.
It's a blast! :D I feel like a loser though, using my emulator for cheats haha.
Damnit I am such an emotional eater.
pls dont send me stuff like that
Today I am getting ready to go play in the Dunes with family and friends! Can't wait to get on my 400 and ride!!
finally seeing the avengers h0lla
Kentucky Derby is over, now it is time to check out UFC on FOX and Mayweather-Cotto!
Met someone that reminds me so much of you - Impressive. You would be so proud.
You know I will
Thanks for the compliments!!
is that a request?
#NF Being a Poet is a lot like being a Stripper she stands emotionally naked in front of an audience for 3-5mins at a time
como q mejor. Q no hablemos d eso. Ok
There are few things better than an outdoor run.
i hate you bro !
Had the weirdest, most bizarre, truly frightening dreams last night. There was an octopus sucking my blood out of an engorged blue vein...
killed it tonight. Always fun merching!
“There must be more to life than having everything.” ― Maurice Sendak
yeah well they're sabotaging my idea of finding cheap summer clothes
Hey, follow back so I can DM you my info.
Sounds good. Hit me up anytime. My email is on my site.
At #IECA12. Stop by our table to enter our drawing! :)
i ran out of rubbers and the chick was lame and wouldnt let me shoot on her face. beggers cant be choosers.
Added to my reader! :)
What if we actually can breathe in space and The Man is just trying to keep us trapped?
This is our special project account, working to make IABs for the Wonders of the World. --
wats up b man
OK we gonna see
Oh boy. RT : Our hotel room heater just broke...
Is it true that HP are merging?
Seriously geeking out with the product using various demos… perfectly received by the audience
Dude I just really wanna meet you!
Help! I being sucked into the timeline vortex. Agggghhhhh......
And im the first one here....wtf.
The prosecutors did a shit job tying Casey Anthony to the death of her daughter.
Today is the day! Join us at at 5pm to watch 12 #startups compete for a chance to meet with from Garage Tech VC!
someone went for a bike ride and is pooped. It's not me
president carter.
Kid clucth did it again
OH . Lol .. Smoke Weed Every Day .. I said "lol" after that cause I laugh at people who ALWAYS say it at school xD
Screw guys.
Operation CLEAN ALL THE APARTMENT or Operation Granola Bars? I think Granola Bars first. Then wine. Then tipsy cleaning.
Just left an uplifting TAP educator effectiveness meeting at South Grove Intermediate School in Beech Grove. Specific Tweets to follow.
good morning. my head hurts..
Word to yo' mama
no believe me i told her to ask my dad somethin n she waz lyk why dont yhu wit a tude n i was lik
Why do ppl retweet and quote astrology? If you believe that stuff, go swallow a knife and do me a favor.
Prefer collaboration over bare knuckle competition? A law firm with Lock Step comp system may be right. There are few left with this system
Durring the summer the last thing I want to do is book reports
Mustangs a select team
Got My Tickets. If I win, this would be the cheapest cruise I have been on LOL
Procrastinating.... My jog....
I feel like Panic Room had a lot of potential but never quite reached it. I like it just fine though
#ireallywant Austream today. I miss seeing Austin. & him joking around.
Mother's day church is very long but hey it mothers day so what do you expect jk love you mom :-)
probably not. Y? Would you actually wanna be kicked in the nuts?
This is just a bigger iphone. Lets see if it has a Verizon connection.
“: You think you're ugly? You're right, you are.” LMFAOOOOOOOO. #MadeMyDayThatMuchBetter ;')
Thats 2 home runs for Steroids(Braun) this series
like "No Way" totally love that book! Well lets keep it 100 audiobook
At 11:25 we are having our first children's poetry workshop at the small tent. At 11:30, a reading by Laurie Lambeth at the main tent.
As you may have guessed, I am a little nebbiolocentric. Sweet wine... Barolo Chinato?
UCONN has a lot of loose balls.
I do not (: lol
; Every video of yours makes me laugh. Keep it up, because without you I wouldn't have the strong abs that I do. Just sayin'
President speaking to the Peace Officers Association today..urging the President to reconsider inviting Metta World Peace...
Drake at summerfest?
Sprint has the worst in-TV show ads.
Yeah! Tweet me when you're here.
Okay, I will. Thanks for the advice. :)
Don't retweet this
Welcome J.R. Tilson, Client Service Specialist w/ the National Tax Credit Advisory Group, our newest addition to #Columbus #CBRE office!
Investors: Where's Our Money?
lol definitely not what I wanted to be eating my lunch next to!
#WhenIWasLittle i always imagined life being like what they show in movies
Less than 100 days left til our lives change forever! Excited is an understatement!
Some good tweeps here. Esp if you want RT's:
Come check out the Kodiak Farm Boys. Bluegrass on a farm!
All da haters b lovin now. RT : I don't know who No. 37 is for the Thunder, but he's pretty good.
Looks like I'll have another beer in Portland while watching the #49ers. Thanks for cramping my style, again.
Fave accents to teach are: Russian, English (all), Southern (all), New York, Iranian, French, Chinese, Japanese, Jamaican, Irish, Scottish
Too much celebrating on your Home Depot anniversary? ;-) RT : Morning Daddy! Just waking back up here.
I don't believe in biological evolution. I just don't. Obviously science is real. But we weren't apes before we were humans.
It's all about the brushes bitches , i'm a fucking Picasso !
All my parents know how to do is yell.
: "Innovate locally, advocate nationally, network globally..." #GlobalCities Q: love to hear more about role you see for states.
hello, if you would like to learn more about the competition before the site is complete follow theadamouski.blogspot.com
Untended consequences, really? What jack@$(s came up with 'No child' anyway?
We'll be there!
Big thanks to for joining us on the Great conversation on Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange."
When climbing up the ladder of success make sure your ladder is leaned against the right building
Haha I'm obsessed with t swift and so is Would you mind if I linked you to a free song of his?
Top-notch chase scene. Not kidding.
O, steph.. will you please interview bee entomologists? Research is showing pesticide usage prolly not cause of CCD
just met with new prospective client, I love that first meeting, nothing but blue sky and opportunity
Keep True to your
I got drunk and forced everyone to listen to Kix last night, didn't I? I'm at least sure was into it.
Pace yaself this bout to get good.
We need everyone in Packer Nation to vote for on #DWTS!!! I did NOT get 12 votes on my cell. :( VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!!!
couch to 5k PLUS i did some yoga. I am a fitness superstar. and will possibly regret it tomorrow morning.
top trending tweet, for a second, omg.
We would like to extend New Years wishes to all of our customers, friends, and family! Here is to a prosperous 2012!
Alright... Time to start ripping on the fashion choices at the #goldenglobes cause this game is OVER
Thanks for the RT and mention!
some folks should not exist
watching grey's anatomy.
I love your new avi mami! Its sexy & funny at the same time Lol! XOXO
Why does the girl from Karmin have a turd on her head?
Apologies for not being clear. twitter and facebook #s refer to the number of followers you have.
U Already
Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010. No more randomly searching the Web.
Happy 37th birthday to the legend that is Ray Lewis.
no. No since January. Moved to Chicago and have a new job. Enjoy your visit. :-)
The best advice I've found is don't look down
We refill CO2 tanks for $3/lb at the shop. But no oxygen, nitrogen or beer gas.
I would forget my ID and have to walk all the way back home on the hottest day of the year
#FF for film education this week ,
Showtime's Homeland: the Greek tragedy of Cassandra is pretty boring. How many ways will she be beaten down for being right?
Haha, yea. And I'm even more bored cause I got grounded for skipping class! ):
I love you monsters but don't hate on Justin :)
Why is #Yolo County, California so popular on Twitter. I mean UC Davis is a cool campus and all, but...
Goodbye Bunny?
Happy Birthday!
One of my biggest pet peeves: selfish people!
I love you too dear :)
Don't give up on my Phillies, Jorge.
Did you know that you can give your dog cheese? It's not bad for the dog unless you give them too much of it and end up having diarrhea
H has been complaining her mouth has been itchy for the last 2weeks. Every day. W/ or w/o eating. Debating enviro allergy testing
Why do you think it's a bad idea?
Spreadsheets fix ALL THE THINGS
I miss my brother =(
How was the class? I heard HipCooks is cool.
Thanks for having me on
uhh, yeah I guess. I don't really know what happened. All I heard was that he felt a pain and was having a hard time breathing..
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to Jamie to say hello & so he knows you're here!
Plus classic animation from Norman McLaren that pretty much changed my life when I saw it as a teenager. (-Steve)
thanks for sharing the EggCartel blog post.
I've never laughed so hard at pick up lines
good morning!
follow me
wayne be giving all these speeches , like stfu .
why not?
idk <3 How was your day ?
flying home to maryland from south carolina... vacation is over
not my man
I want you back
#HOW DID SHE DO THAT?
3 bottom lines = good food, good finance, good service.
Would you have believed on opening day 3/28, that a month later the Padres, Cubs, A's & Orioles would have a better record than the Angels?
Coffee and conversation with good friends always starts my day off right.
good morning my prince
when Kari plays Bella's Lullaby on the piano just for me!(; >>>
I should be makin a list (I know) but imma be under the mistletoeϡ
There are several #murals I enjoy on my way to work from #HighlandPark, through #LincolnHeights to
my display name Latoya.
Be safe out there, world.
I'm coming to DC for Fringe.
RT : Hey legal trainers and support folks! What sessions would you like to see at #ILTA12? #legalit #ILTAUSS (stealing idea...
It was worth the pain!! This place in amazing!!! Forget Sydney you guys should come to NYC!
The Pilot store spilled my lemonade, and didnt say sorry, or get me a new one, the people at Wendys are great people, they gave me a new 1.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. Please don't leave me, because I need you.
I kinda feel like he has taken my place...awesome...
Wisdom is a sacred communion.
Even I have a heart and would not dare fight someone who shows fear of me.
So glad I came to see Kimya Dawson + Dream Hampton at Night School.
Standing room only; hundreds if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter
really digging Hume right now. The band that is
I will glady volunteer to face if is not up to it.
SO stoked to be a part of it :)
amen! didn't even werrrk me out! lol. Tomorrow's workout will! (:
So when Perry and Matthews meet at the quarterback, will they do a secret USC handshake or something?
One primary trait of maturity is the ability to override the tendency to become angry when your faults are pointed out.
Very well paced show. Thats editing not acting!
Now, does that pun belong in the Gil McGregor Announcing Hall of Shame? Sure, but it's not offensive in any OTHER way.
Looking to hire a community manager? Looking for a job? #cmgrchat is talking hiring today - starting now. via &
I'm missing 2 rubbers...*looks in box*
hating Lol we the best!
Organizing your home? Take it one step at a time. We tell our kids that all the time: it just starts with picking up 1 thing, & so on...
I want a gay best-friend but since that hasn't come along yet, I have One Direction <3 haahah
To the one follower I lost
busy busy, all alone at the desk. very hard to update.
Umm...you okay?
WOW, LOVED hearing these guys sing! They are so talented!!!
Sitting ina car, getting stoned ^__^!
Sometimes you have to put your hopes in a safe place and come back to them another day.
really p.diddy? yawn.
where in the Bible does Jesus laugh at someone being called a loser?
Does this theater realize how much money they're missing out on by having a cash-only parking garage?
Hey, Mary!
the merman made me lol
Hm. Start the day w/ #CNN SC coverage or Walker, Texas Ranger? No brainer! Let's take on the bad guys, Cordell!!
Oh chica, that's rough. Praying for that to blow over quickly.
this is precise manager redell drakeford,again please send me the instrumentals that you would like for precise to rock over.
At a recent trade show, our postcard campaign far more effective than our social media effort. Lesson: know your audience.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...!
Just because you have 140 characters doesn't mean you have to use them. Shorter messages get more RTs.
Doing some push-ups! Yep 
so good to see last night. He has some VERY cool things about to come down for you. Watch closely!
I'm such a procrastinator
haha I miss you both of course :)
Happy Birthday Michael!
Playing mad gab and its getting intense.
cause Cain is Mexican and you hate him
I'm not sure about Disney this year (although I would LOVE to do it!) It's expensive& I'm hoping to run a fall marathon, you?
Wondering if Stefan Siegel can join us for an interview on Wed. What's the best way to get in touch?
I love the #linkedin iPad app! Almost as good as #Flipboard!
Illegal interview Questions con't: are you planning to have children, what is you sexual orientation? Have you ever been arrested?
That's very cool... always wanted to do that myself growing up!
If your square #Soccer handicapper on #Chelsea -1 today quit his service now.... Be smart #Chelsea rested everyone #Soccer winners
that's awesome! Good luck with your feature! Look forward to seeing it!
Happy to announce is now Interviews Editor at
Red liners, my thoughts are with you
Not yet. He's moving around and running, but not participating.
Well, so much for playing not to lose...Should be a very interesting second half in #Manchester 1-nil City
Great! Just had dinner with my BFF & love of her life, who finally made it to Houston to be with her. They are so happy!!!
Suitcase a bit over weight. Do I sacrifice clothing or the jar of peanut butter?
I saw Jurassic Park when I was 2 and I think it's really done wonders for my personality.
oh that is a bummer! Those stairs were tricky I was trying to find an wheelchair access for me mum to make it easier
at d30 where is the after party?
Back in Chicago!!
Currently on Inside Edition: When killer swans attack...
#Moonlight isn't on Netflix streaming!!! Gimme a - signed - DVD!!!!! you famous :)
I freakin' love (:
If only I could meet Mr. Bennett. It would heal all my troubles
Really I think Tim Tebow wanted to go to God's country. God damn you, Tebow! Don't leave yet.
#JustRead Out of my Mind by
Condom on my heart .....fuck his feelings
unsuccessful attempt to see #bestcoast at #thegetty... however, #diddyreese redeemed the night! <3
I KNOW!
my penis hurtss! this penis is really fun to penis with xD
Coincidentally, Werner Herzog's favorite movie is also Overboard with Goldie Hawn & Kurt Russell.
Total crush.
Having a new car kinda reminds me of having a new boyfriend, except way cooler! :-)
Let's #GoHounds!
He died of guilt that cheese eating bastard!
There goes my money
This #Gopher Bball season has gotten really tough to watch. Let's hope Lucia and the hockey team pull through!
life is to short so ENJOY IT WHILE YOU HAVE IT!
What? You're not following us on Google+ yet? Don't miss out, we've got lots of great reads for you, like Google Glasses!...
Too many old heads down Philly tryna bag . My new age is 15 when I'm in the hood .
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero! Forever & Always! Keep Michaeling!
Dude I only played #SFxT Cause I could win so easy with Rufus/Ryu. Now I gotta actually learn a new character to replace Rufus lol
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's "Artists on the Verge Project 2012"!
Freddie Free Free is strait beast.
On #dreams: sometimes it's ur head trip, sometimes it's the 1stSlayer, and sometimes it's just the guy w/ the cheese.
Lol she got hit with an eraser 😂
Way too much going through my head
I need a way to sort Twitter followers by least recent tweet, so I can unfollow people who don't talk. This 2,001 follow limit hurts.
Wer da girls dats wife matiral and faithful and got day minds right
true that!
Thanks big brother! And I did have chocolate cake for breakfast! Thanks 4 ur post on Facebook too! Love you!!
Stop by and see us at the on Wednesday in booth E4
I hate everyone :D
i will be very pleased if it happens.
Thank you! =)
omg, i wanna go on money from strangers so bad!! hahah
I still got my swag doe
My favorate #wine bar
come find us at #SACFair 2011-we're right in front of Copley Hall!
Excited to hear former #Badgers asst. Tony Bennett eventually talk about leading his current Virginia team against his future team
First night in the new house and I fixed the furnace - 10 Man Points
people have begun to lose their hopes & forget their dreams,so the Nothing grows stronger. It's the emptiness that's left...
Are you going to the this weekend?
Makin moves on a mon
The things i would do to austin mahone. (;
#ff Great friends of furry creatures & great New Yorkers:
My best friend wont answer her phone :(
r 2 of my #mustfollow people theyre amazing girls
When I text "imy" I be dead serious
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. ~ Martin Luther King
A nice shout out to by conference organizers at keynote session
70s here this weekend! Woot! RT : Arrived in Memphis. Raining sideways, windy, and cold. April hasn't arrived here either.
been coolin but now im back
I once told my psych doc I felt "human" again and he asked me what that meant, and I was stuck for explanation.
That was great!
Your Welcome Gorgeous #Angel:))
REPLY ": Bowl of cheerios NOM" ME TOO!
another sharp one. love the focus on tracking through to outcomes (e.g. revenue).
A smiling face is half the meal. - Proverb
So proud of myself for saying NO! 😌
ur a man without a job
Draging me to drag me to hell.
davis yu suck!!... i hate that gay ground shit in UFC....
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! Your A Second Mom To us ... Mahomies Love Mama Mahone(: HopeFully Your Day Was Great !
I know! He has family here still. He told me a story about Marshall, saying it was terrible unless you went to school!
Sounds good! This first meeting will be an introductory kind of thing. DM me your email and I'll add you to our list!
Hell yeah!! enjoy the game bring home a win!
Sometimes i wanna just hi-5 you , in thre face , with a chair . . .
I'm gonna take a nap. Okay? Okay.
LOL it's going to be now
I'm pretty sure he is okay... prob just some personal issues he is dealing with
4 new exhibits this year for Fiesta visitors to see! Gonna be another great ballooning season!
We switched over to the new facebook timeline.....what do you think about the new look? Hit LIKE if you dig it!
happy groundhogs day!
OK thanks!
austin please follow me
everyone should have the right to lose half of their stuff.
Great show tonight by Craig Morgan & Carrie Underwood. It was AwESOME!!
Hilarious. And an apt description of me too!!
Love and lust are two different things so don't get it confused.
he also quit on the bulls in game 7 of the eastern conf finals in 94 but jordan would have 6 rings im convinced phil jackson is why..
This is fun!
LA has ruined you!
There is only one Title Town... and there only one trophy matters... One heartbeat one purpose one goal!!!
and she's dating one of their members lol??
Exercise sharpens your memory. Don’t forget to get moving!
I know..
I am PLEADING with all my brothers and NFL family. If you need help, someone to talk to, if you know someone who does, PLEASE REACH OUT!
Accused of things that just aren't true. It hurts.
Jesus. How can one person be so fucking attractive? Johnny, calm down. & stop talking. UGH.
What a gloomy day.
RT : Sorry God hates you so much, gluten intolerant people.
Absolutely brilliant on MTP. You almost make this circus seem like fun.
As much as I hate Kobe, I fully expect a dagger jumper for the win right here.
Charlottesville seems to have settled down quickly from UVA startup this year. Makes me think I'm missing excitement.
i only know s. todd / distant memories (junior high?) of entrancement by a performance of Passion on public radio. lots to discover.
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
It's acting, it's not real. Do the work, get paid and take care of your family. Great words from a manager I met with in LA
I have a follower!
Now a Blackhawks fan! and I just went nuts!!!
& the jay-z song was on ! so i put my hands up, they're playing my song. the butterflies fly away ! nodding my head like yeah !
We'll be set up at the 'Party at the Pier' pep rally on Thursday at the Santa Monica Pier-starts at 3pm. See you there!
Dear student: One advantage to proofreading is taking out the note to yourself admitting you don't know a major course concept.
what awesome beers have ya'll tried this week so far?
Glad you like the pictures! We'll try and post more on this sunny day!
c'est quoiiiiiiiiii ???
I think that its funny how we both had the same idea. I watched her tour tonight as well :D
First day of ADAPT training with the US Women's Wheelchair Basketball team in Alabama. Great job Jerod and Scott!
I have to gain weight to get a fatter ass.
this is similar to the old LET technique of Active Listening. Great stuff!
You cant play TES or Fallout on a console, you loose all the mods
fuck fuck fuck. i forgot to print my paper. i typed everything asdfghjkl 8 minutes gotta go get my laptop
The problem is, today's daytime is incapable of doing smart, long-term story. Or smart. Or long-term.
Lockout or Cabin In The Woods? I need some help twitter!!
Everyone who just said "raaaaauuuuul" just copied me. Plagarism has serious repercussions..
ah I love
So boring! I don't even want to read them anymore.
Where are you?
“Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability.” RS
We don't support this functionality. I'll follow up in your email with more details on alternatives.
With the extra point, Jason Hanson just set an NFL record by playing 297 games with the same team.
Hey Russ. We started in 2008 (as BorrowedSugar), but pivoted to Loku in Oct 2011. It's been exciting since launch!
u gay bruh
#FridayReads I'm currently reading Rut by Scott Phillips and listening to The Burning Wire by Jeffrey Deaver
And here are a few more on the bill at GMF2010: Hotels, Pink Snowflakes, Productionists, Concours D'Elegance. Tell your friends!
“: I met Eminem once, he was pretty awkward; His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy"
Last night's game was awesome. Even if you DID try to kill me. You ornery brat
Kerry Washington's character in Scandal is my spirit animal.
10/5 Entree Special: Prosciutto Wrapped Alaskan Halibut on an Organic Cherry Tomato Risotto with Warm Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette
yes, definitely yes, and no I don't speak spanish. lemme go splash on some black panther and this shall commense
O.o you suck at a video game?
Thanks luv.. he really was no complaints at all here!! hope yours was even better! So ready for the New (;
Really wants 2 see Sade in concert!
Where was Joe Wilson when we needed him last night!
A cute goody bag from goes to... !
Sitting here listening to Pandora
I'm a short mf
RT : Do business. I dnt do friends
Glad to hear Queen Z is doing so well! Best of luck big girl! Can't wait to meet your little one.
Long time my love...How are you?
performing at Fly Away Festival
Jack White + LONE RANGER = must-listen movie for me.
Thats true I hired my Aunt as my personal assistant....she is over 70!!!!
Good Sunday morning all! Up early for the #USWNT vs. #Japan let's go
I am loving these tweets about horrible submission packets! You should make a series of these!
Willamette Week review of THE AVENGERS calls Loki an "alien overlord." Alien?!? (& why doesn't he have a young sidekick named Loli?)
Shoutout to thank you girl!! ;)
Lakers strategy on defense is to run as far away as possible from open shooters.
It's very possible!
Navigating too much #snow and too many #advertising #media options today? Consider a 1-stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
I wonder if austin would DM me: LOVE YOU MAHOMIE...
Pat, that is most kind of you
you keep ghosting and appearing randomly!
Sugar cotton & flowers. RT Gay marriage. RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Military vehicles of the future will be made out of _____
Tip of the day: You can use your hair accessories to close your bag of chips.
You got alshon, reuben, hill, fuller, toon, broyles, quick, ad that's just at the top of my head...plenty of wrs
11th grade has been the best year. I love all of my teachers
I like how last year everybody was like tebow nation.. Now they forgot about him and got Peyton manning
even then, i dunno. surrogates are all the rage these days...
H.A.T.E.R.S = Having Anger Toward Everyone Reaching Success.
bastards. Trying to twat us apart :)
no voice/txt service near right now, or earlier this evening.
Ugh can't watch svu anymore without stabler
Can't believe I've still never been to Banana King, someone shoot me please!!! Lmao
If you say you want to be layed up #Lowkey and u got a 1000 followers bitch look at my face -____- < that ain't
Houston we have a problem....
Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing. - Brian Tracy
Whenever there is a big storm it seems like my windows might burst in
HEY IT'S I'M READY FOR YOUR INTERVIEW FAMMM LET'S SET IT UP IN MARCH BABE HMU 2106779291
56,000 of your biggest fans I'd imagine.
Shop around when looking for bigger ticket items. Let salespeople know what deals you've found so they can match or beat other offers.
If W stands for win, then all I want is so z's
if u r talking voting u should pls check out
Nothing fancy for dinner tonight !!
God Bless America!
Didn't you hear the budget presentation today? Austere times. RT : Cash bar at #ncsl? Are you kidding me? Amateur hour.
I'd use the link in the signature, and like you said, the QR in the printed materials :)
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
Israel Project chief leaving to start new firm - Politico
Now following ^_^
At the Southwest Drupal Summit! Let's see what we can learn, shall we?
Would be nice if the AT&T hotspot would actually work this afternoon...you know, when I need it...on the metra. SMH.
The lady at wells fargo didn't setup my dad's memorial account correctly. Stay tuned for correct info on how to donate.
Apparantly chicken alfredo is better when prepped with butter
calling graphic designers interested in checking out letip referral group: there's an opp in another group. dm or reply for details!
Woke up. I'm still blonde. I'm still awesome. Life is pretty much
It's nice, mellow, & warm here at Lottie's. Billie Holiday is playing and Miles is posted at the bar playing Words w/ Friends.
You obviously don't get it . . .
Sweet 16 baby!
As soon as my following to followers ratio is better I will follow you. Twitter has me on lock down at the moment.
Sigh.....alliteration. Gets me to click every...single...time...
I remember what u said about taking dreams away from kids. My play will cover exactly that!
Are you at the Circus at the Hampton Coliseum tonight? Post your pics here!!!
YOU WIN! Plz DM us your full name so we may guestlist you +1 for tonight. xoxo
trying out tiny twitter. so far i like it.
jenn. Wisco loves you. Come back soon!
that means that i have to get up haha
that song is cool, so are a lot of the songs on the album The Early Years 1930-1934 (same artist) ;)
follow me i follow every1 back:)
No manny alex verhast has been teachin me to take scenery pics
Following people around on Twitter, while my marketing material is printing! Just watching the ink dry! :)
I buy into Bezos' vision for the Kindle as an "uncompromised reading device." I don't care to multitask reading a novel.
i actually missed it tho. Chicago was stressin the mindframe out
Tigers game postponed, rescheduled for September 24th
The awkward moment when you get caught picking you're noise in public...
Ha, thanks, that steaming mug graphic is cool!
Word is Jonathan Vilma from our boys at the dome will be in the house at Red Clay Soul tomorrow night. You might want to join the party!
#AMERICAN IDOL all 3 of them are good, but u have to vote for She is a SUPERSTAR in the making.
i forgot when Craig Owens is going to be in dallas for his solo tour.
RT : excited for a fun filled night in #HK for my #BIRTHDAY! dinner and then many drinks! YAASSSS!
Its not that i don't like you, I just would've preferred your mother had an abortion.
Training session today on #digitalArchivesDay for Post Family digitization project!
Really you want to
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!! here's to continuing our hopes, dreams and desires in the new year! be safe everyone!!
Sitting here feeling kinda crazy but not just any crazy but the kind you feel when you LOVE somebody!!! 4am Melanie Fiona
nothing it's so boring
Reaching out to all our #DBHHSUPPORTERS what would you like to see of more on our site? Let me know your ideas. We are a family!
U never kno what someone else might be going thru so think b4 u speak plz
Life is so peaceful and beautiful when you're surrounded by beautiful things and the beautiful people you love. #Swagg - XavierLT. com
Good luck to all Bills Rookies starting minicamps today
I think i'm listening to so much that i'm getting an accent.. <3
I don't think I would park a Powertap equipped Dura Ace bike outside a public building with only a ULock
can we taste test? “: Just had lovely customer in from #London telling me to check out British custard #foodhistoryiscool”
My little sister RT'ing my petulant, child like Buck Funting fueled rants is more than slightly embarrassing.
The reason we were bumped is the NFL is holding a kicking combine for players not drafted in the recent NFL draft.
norman!!!! RT : Nice sense of humor: Encore Suspense is playing "Psycho" on a continuous loop during Mother's Day.
Revised afternoon plan: treat wooziness with a sunny couch nap, tea, and The Fall.
I still don't get this thing called Twitter, what makes this place so great?
praying for him Jenjen!!
where you gettin tatted?
i am so sacred right now
Isn't "waiting by the phone" an obsolete concept in the age of the cell phone? :)
I'm a pro B). You obviously look odd
Lucky! RT : my mama got front row seats to new edition concert tonight but has no one to go w/ lol
Thank you!
I'm either working on that sitemap you asked for, or watching interns play Goldeneye.
WE HAVE A SITUATION WILL! -___- wahhh, um let's see
Shaq's analysis of LAL-OKC: "It's going to be tough for LAL because Kevin Durant is mad." And the other problem for LAL: OKC is better.
Let's go wildcats!
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
lol imma just turn myself in after that um nigga I'm out.LMAO
Just printed Eps.1 - 8 of Temporarily Mary for review, as my writer and I continue forward. I'm really happy with it all so far!
monday is the worst day for me. We celebrate wednesday!
Should I even try?
I think I just bumped into gennifer Goodwin. Is that her name? Her.
Summer's Crossing is an awesome addition to a great series! Thanks :)
FB n Twitter needa "Ratchet" button!
Growing up my dad was the hardest working man I knew. Probably because I didn't hang out with grown men.
Rip Donna Summers.
RT What a crazy show ! Nothing went right, yet it all worked. Thanks ! Thanks again Bro !!!
lol hey i mean its hard out here! don't hate the playa hate the game! Sorry !!
Love seeing girls reaction to the vibration of my farts on the bus seat
Live and love your life always
We will be announcing the release date of our new EP very soon! --stay posted.
The Godfather has not been whacked. Props to Al though. We'll post a video on YouTube soon!
I can't believe I'm saying this but the other women on The View are jewels compared to Star Jones. She's the worst.
I wish you have a nice day, maybe you follow me and that your dream come true !! :) ♥
": Fully In The Tux is pretty solid. S/O "
you be creepin' on my instagram. (:
hey hunni long time no talk...how you been?
I've been sitting on an idea for a new venture these past few days and can't wait to see what I can do with it.
The actor's name is Alan Tudyk. He was Wash on Firefly also.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
“: you 2 can both sport sole control shirts and try n catch eye.” just a lil Advertising 😜
Joe bends the organ and Aaron makes it rain - Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes.
When did Pujols become a dick?
Doing it on our own allows us to be our own writers, producers, and editors of our journey.
I just wanna know who atheists thank on Fridays.
Is Katy Perry Pregnant? Decide For Yourself! (PHOTOS) Summary: Does Katy Perry look pregnant? A few websites have started suggesting th
I can only imagine how sad it would be to lose one of the greatest. Let us know when you want to commemorate him!
My boss said I'm bein greedy lol
I lost a follower, which is a huge percentage. Am I that offensive? Jeez!
“: this life is not for the weak hearted”
Dear , esp. : please never stop selling your tangerine-lime seltzer. thanks.
Anyone kinda wanting a Portland Timbers Women team? #Greedy?
Today's Sandwich: Hot ham & swiss on a French baguette with dijonaisse & a cup of soup....$6.95
Finally got around to the #Fringe finale & I'm convinced: #FOX should have renewed #LieToMe and canceled Fringe, not the other way around.
COFC is the real deal!
where in cali are you at??
good luck to u tmrw! u r about to be a 3x runner of steel champ! save me a seat at the bar! enjoy your ride.
Jim Jones - "We Fly High". Every time it comes on I swear I feel like I'm 15 again.
I ordered Adobe Creative Suite 5.5 Design Premium. I am pretty excited.
Why use my computer when I have a smartphone and a ipod touch.
i love my cat, but that bitch needs to stop meowing.
On my way to oak .-.
Great shirt encountered while delivering: Badger red shirt with "NOT WASTED" written across the front. Shirt was clearly lying
People who've changed for the worse<
off at 5
I'm not saying it's the Heat's fault. I'm just saying. The Heat have been healthy, Knicks haven't been.
I won't want to worrrrkkkkkkk wwaaaahhhhh.
looks like u have to settle for a little in n' out ... O poor u -_-
I'm finding Timothy Egan's book on the Dust Bowl, "The Worst Hard Time," a fascinating read so far.
Agreed. I wonder how measured the SM success for the webinar.
I'm addicted to Temple run
Happy President's Day “: I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson”
like 1- I don't even know who your talking about lmao and 2- I can't believe you just wrote that lmaooo !
RT An attorney for #Huguely points out that injuries he had on the day of his arrest could have come from a lacrosse game.
Thank you for the outstanding presentation at #cloudfairseattle!
I summon you to appear my love
I think ice cream might be required to help ease the headspinning.
A message we can get behind. RT : just unfollowed #winning?
We got shirts and crewnecks for everything!
Makes me so happy to see these pictures :)
The Bulls are straight killing the Nets.
Thank you! I appreciate it. Right now we are all just hoping that they find whoever did it.
nice find.
not a problem. Glad to do it. I'll be praying for Ezra and the family.
Food Trucks today!! Who's coming hungry?
still deciding whether or not I like dubstep..
I'm a simple guy who needs a visual! :-)
How about All I Want For Christmas Is You? Ariana loves Mariah Carey. :) <3
Yo homie that just got on my bus with a case of beer. Gimme one.
Oh, I'm sure it wasn't intentional. Just interesting.
I LOVE my job!
thanks for the RT!
I'm falling in love with on She's amazing!
Ah, happy accidents. Every now and then life surprises me in the most enjoyable ways. Rearranged furniture and stuff just fit.
I'm pretty sure this chick just farted in the elevator.
trying to remember why I thought working 30 hours a week and having 12 credit hours my senior semester would be a good idea?
Win. You've done well.
I'm not even sorry for Bab's liitle brother taking it easy on u fools. He thought u were flirting with him. Congrats
welcome! Thx for retweeting me earlier this week!
hey alex, you know html?
I can def.ly dance like a stripper at times but if I could get it like the twerk team I would kill everytime I move
Thanks nicole!
Happy 16th Birthday!:D I love you so much! You have inspired me with my music... you have no idea!<3
#istefreud! By far the best presentation on #iste2011. Didn't learn anything but who cares!!!
I was kidding too. Not really being insolent. I'm just glad you know how to spell IPA.
no listen up. I haven't read the chapter.. I'm not guna read the chapter, so miss guerra better
[+] (b) Polls don't predict the future; (c) Big undecided [+]
From America? :)
I'm confused about your last tweet? What was said? I can't follow the link.
in Chicago? where you hear this? First a the snowpocalypse and now the plague?
iloveyou &' everything you'r for <3
Good God, The Finder is a boring show.
hahaha oh really? Thats how you feel?
Busy editing a new short film - who woulda thought 1950's educational films would be so fun? Golly!
ugh. Get on the other one. Haha :P
haha! well, shucks.. thanks. (;
Mrs. Beasley: Dad's watching Shark Week episodes on Today I am #PugShark and nothing in the house is safe. For starters dad's Hat!
So glad we're having a girl. Poor little boys have one extra procedure...
if everyone is contributing something then that's pretty big. And anybody can at least grow an aloe plant...
What do you do when all you can do is wake up and die?
i just had sex am i in love lol
Woah!! Long time no talk! :(
I'm sure it can to some degree.
You can't get any better than zac brown band....amazing show
have you? Lol
So freaking pissed right now
sure was a tease! i won't be by TV for 6news. can u tell me what casino? not a gambler, want to know 4 personal reasons- will tell you
AHHAA, ITS THE MAZE GURL, SHE IS SO GORG
yo, dawg I heard you liked vehicular manslaughter...
Thank you Suzi and will do. :O) Hope you have a great day as well.
Stay tuned for our website renovation!! Same info-Better look! Log onto www.drwiggys.com
nice to meet you briefly last night. also your bandmates fed me tacos which was dope. most importantly thanks for the whiskey!
What % of wild birds to domestic cats kill?
Wtf Britney spears on the xfactor... who is she to judge.. in sorry lol
Ahh same :( Sad Times!
i have Call Me Maybe stuck in my head thanks this song makes perfect sense
“: , Dear god do not call me brogan. 😷”Smile, Brogan!
because I'm the king of the world
i can't.
I second this thought: RT Will someone please take me to Coachella? I'm a good travel buddy, I promise...
Lets say I have a playlist that is 60 or so songs. How do I buy it in as few clicks as possible? ^^
LETS GET IT ! SHUT THESE NIGGAZ DOWN ..
Thank you for allowing me to share my wisdom!!! Big Hugs!
GOD been puttin injuries 2 the teams that R supposed 2 be good all up in the PLAYOFFS & its like he sheilding
I even brought up one direction DEAD. SF OWNIG THE PARTICIPATION POINTS
Today' Special: $25 Soft Gel Manicure $20 Organic Pedicure Please call to make an appointment @ 559-761-0669 Thank you!
Listen to what I say
and it's ALWAYS great meeting another fan who is also part of the #311familia. :)
I hate bad grammar . It's unnattractive .
I Go Hard in the Mother Fucking Paint!
Try Yelp. I find it incredibly helpful in Houston, anyway.
We'll even fold your napkin! RT : So you provide excellent service and are delicious. congrats!!
for real...cause that can change...
I WANNA DANCE WITH WOLVES AND PLAY WITH CHEETAHS!!!!.....
Forgive yourself for not being perfect. Then, forgive others.
Getting ready to co-facilitate a session on how meaningful or meaningless homework has become. Is #PBL a solution?
Gear comes in Tuesday, expect some liveness & new mixes next week!
i really like you sometimes, brooklyn.
YEAH! HERE WE GO STEELER NATION!
Currently reading Interview With The Vampire. Surprised I waited this long. It's great so far.
Meeting Sunday ladies do not forget!
that's very interesting. Chandler is a great zip code
I am seriously starting to like Emily Osment.
Coming home to the best Fajitas after a long day of work and a workout... Damn. #WINNING! 😁
getting some reiki done on me
Whats s up wit da fade mane?? Trying to change it up huh?
yes. are doing a great job with big data. was thinking about the connection between going solo and our maps. 1/2
Would you name your child after food? Think that's crazy? Tell it to "Apple", "Olive", and Diva "Muffin", 3 Hollywood children.
Sounds like a Monday.
Brandon Jennings...here we go!!! Stay hot kid!
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, it's just that yours is stupid.
If you're in town this July, come to !
You should Follow he's awsome
Oh okayy, well i sent my number to you (:
what field? I'm in much need of a girls night. Guys piss me off!!!
Tweet me if you want an Ariana icon!!!!!
Here t work dressed underneath.. 2 days till weekend training with Mistress Susan
ahh yes- why is the bed so much more comfortable when you HAVE to leave it? haha yeah, I'm already at work but i'm so tired :-(
#SM3 calls on Congress to let employers, insurance co's refuse coverage for health care that they have moral, relig. objections to
Today is the first day in almost 3yrs that I weighed in under 200 pounds, having lost 17lbs. A lot of work & SO happy!
RT : still on the couch. But I'm sitting up. Nobody fiat pumps better. Not even snooki
The ppl saying that are complete & total assholes.
PickUpLine: What's your favorite position on extramarital sex?
oh is the state fair here now? I need to look into that- did you end up going??
Somebody stop me
Great night with friends and family! Tomorrow planning our wedding then celebrating our friends' wedding!
revel's open now? how is it?
My battery is running low. Glad Tulsa's energy is not.
I'd like to get into this decussion but I have to clean my parents house and take down their tree. Hope you women are here when I get back
Gotta love the National Weather Service's cheeriness: "If you can hear thunder... you are close enough to be struck by lightning." Yay.
well u should get signed to a label :) <3
Thanks Alex.
Accelerating demand for used cars
" Bitches pee& on they self ! "
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she doesn't go back for seconds at a buffet.
Can we get a tour of your video setup?
So anybody know how to reach trombonist Byron Fulcher?
on saturday we can meet like i asked my mom and she said i could so AVENGERS IT IS :D
#ItsCrazyHow i can fall sleep after work and when i wake up 4 hours have passed by.
lol this dude on fb is just stupid.
Going the back way to #Coachella. This is awesome b/c A) Julian has Apple Pie B) rest stop at Santa Ysabel Casino C) I miss all the traffic
ftw so it
“: yea most def. Send me his info.”< hit the website Tyrone info on there W.mobstyleproductions.com
Everybody hurts some days
for Adam Dunn's HR, Hawk Harrelson says "A-BOMB!... off the bat of Adam Dunn." He almost had it!
Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Eyelashes are too ironic. They are there so nothing goes into your eyes.....yet they go into my eye ALL THE TIME lol
Bill, the casinos MAKE money 24/7. The city LOSES money 24/7. Can't even patch the streets. That being said, you are correct.
RT : Get ready for the Holiday Fair on Dec 7. We'll be there selling Crimps and pies. YAY PIE! YAY LOCAL!...
I believe everybody should get rich and prominent and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may notice that it's not the reply.
RT : DC's co-founder & CMO will be attending today!
whats up people... im back... where is diddy i seen you come on that stage lastnite lol do the diddy dance huh...
Home sick
Congrats on the closing!! We have much to celebrate at on Friday!! Xoxo
Voice your opinion: What is your favorite book on ReadPrint?
Thank you! Have a great day too!
Is it funny when a major host loses connectivity for it's employees? I guess that all depends on perspective.
I think this counts as a fan account since the whole thing is about you. Hehe (:
They say money can't buy you happiness.... But is sure can allow u to be unhappy in a bunch of nice places....lol
Come along with me, misery loves company
Don't be jelly. But I'm about to murk this sammich with hot sauce on it.
hey i haven't met you, &this is crazy but heres my twitter,so follow me maybe? ♥
S Club 7 reunited??! Awesome. I'm so going to see that tour this summer!
Busy writing some new tunes - both exciting and frustrating.
Happy Saturday, friends. It's a beautiful day!
Lol...can't start early!!!!
I'm ready for season
still has a few open #college #campus dates! #NACA #internships #jobs #speaker #event #conference DM us
Today in 1941, more than 3000 Jews were killed by special killing unit 8 along with local collaborators in Mogilev, Belorussia
Am I reading this right? Blazers new head coach was a video intern 8 years ago? There's some serious upward mobility in that organization.
S/o to Time to make
Both federal and state laws protect workers from employment discrimination
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever!:)
I think the antigay pastors have "redefined" the #Colorado legislature this session.
Woo Hoo! At least the #POTUS knows we are human beings, & not somehow 2nd class citizens! #NOH8 #HRC #Thankful!
when are you with your finals?
there was clearly a party at waffle house mere minutes before we got there
of falling flat on my ass. I was in school Spring semester, she made us do a blog as our final but didn't like site so much
Wished I had gone to that fight party after all. Sounds like a good fight.
I wish! It's late November in Wisconsin. We are in full hibernation mode. How about you? Tackle Sandia this year?
What is your favorite to cook on - gas or electric? Which one has a longer life expectancy?
With out it I would not be nothing
Its my way or no way # simple
spending my morning in line at the brazilian consulate ("the party consulate")
The irony is the piece is too long and involved to work as a funny stunt which is all they wanted.
cool! I still need to get to Barnes and Noble to pick up a copy!
Tampa bound to join the pool party w/ & crew :) Happy cinco de mayo!
god is real
happy friday tweeters! take a breath, the weekend is here. share it with someone you love. live is short, make the most of it! ~C
Thanks to , who has committed to coming on board as one of our major sponsors for the next Event!
thank you cheeseball. I miss you so much. :'(
Oh my Jesus singing ushers you got it bad...I just fell in love..damn Georgia boys 😍🎵
Tweeters, let's support the US Postal Service to save 100,000 jobs. The job you save may be yours, a family member, or a friend. Spread this
Appreciate the new follows!
OMG that was amazing... they were all wearing combat boots!!!!!!!
Whats wrong with people these days? -.- you know what im not gonna even bother to be nice anymore..
All of Star Trek: TNG is now streaming on Netflix. You won't see me for awhile.
Finished grading 112 Online P1s! (Of course, there were only four of them)
I DON'T WANNA WORK TODAY ON SUCH A NICE DAY!!! I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE OFF!!! WTF!!
Never thought I would see a random slightly over weight guy wearing a letsrun t shirt in Newcomb. Weird
At the
": whats up twitter??:)" what's the craic sean?
have a safe flight ;) ur gonna love Miami
Not sure when they finally got auto-locking. I left security in 91 to become weather & rarely drove cool vehicles after that
"Things to do in Denver When You're Dead"
we love you back! ♥ xoxo
lmfao good one (x but I just want to just watch the waves <3
The lonelier you are the more likely you are to incorrectly believe your cell phone just vibrated
I'll DM u my # So u can send me the pics we took in class
New York City, here i come
I was just listening to She Will Be Loved and I'm crying. It's such an old song. Like, 3rd grade old. :')
Lmao no Jesus!
Can't get my fill of "Double Burger with Cheese." A sweet, sweet surprise.
The sun is trying to shine through the misty fog on Going into the 70's. I see a 2-3 hour ride in my immediate future.
iPhones are just toys....
RT : Packed theater. Smell of diapers, parental anxiety and fake butter. The Lorax better sh*t gold rainbows.
that actually ties his career playoff high for points in a 4th qtr which he set against the Magic on 5/28/09 in the '09 ECFs
Is it a kid's event, a church event or a professional event?
Got home til after 6 then had to wake up to make breakfast at 10.. Just stayed up since then lol
location scouting and casting today.
it's in dallas this yr and was last yr...but i can't claim to know anything about "usually" when it comes to accordions...
#whitesox Thornton must have given up 20 duck snort hits in the last year. nevermind. another HR
VentriPoint 3D Heart Analysis System Approved for Pulmonary Arterial ... - 4-traders
was just there and got a salted caramel mocha. #Starbucks #Addict Definitely not seeing the 99% tho Beautiful day in
Your lucky you get to be in Florida the same place that is going to be at!!
Spray paint
I LIKE THEM TOO! I swear these groups need to get more popular!
still eating yogurt
Thankful this morning! sometime prayer shouldn't just be when you want something. once in a while you ought to do nothing but praise Him!!!
Let me know when, I'm up for going to see Jeff Dunham live whenever you want...
YAYYYY! were going this weekend.
5 days until breaking dawn part 1!!!!
How could you generalize NY sprts as sinking? NYK sinking? NYY make playoffs every yr, NYJ NYG plyoff teams - poor column
got JSO out here for a domestic or something.... Again.
Out with my girls. Oh, how I needed this. Thank You, Lord for my friends. I am truly blessed. :D. <3
That's kinda sad...
I can't hear you guys, but I'm on the far side of Squad Six. More noise!
Very, very nice. Have you tried Scapa?
relapse indicators RT : Q9 general crankiness, endless hunger for anything outside yourself to feel better,
southwest had a hole the ripped open the top of a section of the plane. They took 80 of their planes out of service.
but your opinion of "free" school at say Harvard does affect me because I have to pay for it.
Flt attendants can be strict, but I think he deserved it. He strikes me as unstable!
Wow. It's windy out there. I think it's trying to be like winter or something. ;)
forreal, niall is sexy and he knows it.
looks like? no sir, I am a caped superhero.
that's because you are special.
what do you mean by video calling backend?
Get started in Real Estate Investing with banks 203k Investor Financing, ask me to find out how
Rochester offers stimulating choice of museums - RocNow
Good Night! For those of you who remain. : D
aww I'm sorry:( feel better<333
RT : Europa Worldwide Logistics signed a 15-year lease on a 155,000 sq ft shed at ProLogis Park Midpoint in the West Midlands
ew, school tomorrow.
Im going through that very thing right now on my bus!! :P
Why do I only twitter when someone mentions twitter?
That means no phone. No twitter. No tumblr. No Facebook. No instagram. All that ish.
We keep duplicate collection items on shelves in our reading room for just that kind of researcher. It's usually all they need.
AH. Can you actually schedule it?! I'll help! PF <3333
- I've loved and I've lost
My dreams roll down the east coast
Good morning everyone. Almost time to go back to work only 2 days left in my vacation
yes ma'am
I wish I had of gotten to him first.
Awww.. My word:(
My nails make me can not tweet
Dude at my gym is benching 275 like its nothing lol.
so which is it? Wordpress? Or Tumblr? What are your thoughts?
just hit exit 38- where y'all at?
I heard the NPR story on the Giants parade & it did not sound impressive. But I also ate king cake 2day and was feeling prideful.
Should I be concerned that right before I started copying some Iron Maiden onto my phone, I checked and noticed it had 6.66 GB free?
i miss you :(
I was just teasing...and Scooter has earned those beers!
Trying to decide if I'll attend a panel on the legacy of the Bracero program at the museum where John Olivares Espinoza will read in Dec...
Watching people drink Hurricanes on tv is not making my life any easier!
Strawberry swisher. <3
Marine Mammel Center Gala = Success!
BOOKED for Halloween! Stay tuned for more details
you do know what swag is right?
thanks for following!
Thanks for the mention. Quite an honor! Will keep looking for articles to contribute.
Still up getting money.
running on empty...
Don't forget to use the *official* hashtag for the #2011USWomensOpen :D
Baity radio interview done, about 50 people at Berean Baptist so far to watch #amendment1 election results come in.
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
things are good! On to the next awards season with
I was walking through the hallway earlier, I went around a little crowd and felt someone touching my backpack,my crush was right behind me..
How was it? U missed social after. RT : Heading out for the Tuesday run but only the short loop bc of the hammy
That moment when ur in the car, and ur mom starts talking...and while u have ur music turned up..and ur like "yeah"...(idk) lol
First FNM tonight. General advice?
So people are surprised the voters of a Southern state voted against gay marriage, just like literally every other Southern state?
-may your wish come true. you happy now? i wish you knew how much it hurt.
Polish wins the last track MEAT of the regular season. Can't wait for the playoffs!
iTalkFast Releases Free iPhone Player App That Improves Time Management
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
for a complicated girl , she ain't that hard to figure out <3
I hate to do this but I would realllyyyy love it if u could follow me on the paramore account! It would really make my day!
it wasn't loaded though, so we were all safe☝
Teaching intro class. I love this so much. Every time.
I posted two more pictures. I paid 160 at least, from what I remember. Name a price.
I just hope they reveal it quick and not string us along. Viewers hate that
is attending Empowering Women in the Global Community 2012 Symposium.
DukeCityDish thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Lunch at Vincenzo's today, then I'm off until Monday!
Tell them again!
": who can go a day without cussing?. LOL" SHIT UM ME LOL
thx for the heads up :)
bout to get it in && play some dominos
Caroline Kennedy should sue for defamation of character.
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history. ~Ralph Abernathy
is a badass.
Oatmeal raisin cookies, that look like they have chocolate chips in them is the reason I have trust issues
Breaking a small ankle bone or ripped ligaments sucks before heading to work... Lmfao thank god I have a huge pain tolerance...
Beautiful day for a hike! On our way to Kitchen Creek Falls.
maybe you should have come out last night. and you wouldn't be let down. bo. jk <3u
Hahahah, I think I'm guilty for saying "I'm sorry" too often....
Is Paul Ryan the pseudonym for one of Rand Paul's bastard kids???
Did you know you can fight DOT tickets for more than just traffic?
Researcher vs. Student use cases?
just because most my guys are friends ima whore? noo, they are just friends nothin else! damn people these days smh!(:
I have discovered shabbat dinners..and they are awesome.
Well, to be honest I did have to look up the second guy, but you talk about the first one so much I know his handle very well!!
Welp... I think I have enough episodes of The Facts of Life recorded to get me through my divorce. Want to come over?
So, how are you doing? Good, good.
Working on a Monifah style freak track
I'm in LA that's my base and u know thAt smh lol
Leo laporte was crowdsurfing above me
I wanna go see the Blue Man Group!
is just killing it on twitter right now. #NYmakesyoucrazy. #unrealtweets!
it exactly clears it up. lol.
Roderick did rule!!! So funny.
I don't pay any attention to conservatives, but plenty of libertarians have said "Rush is wrong, which makes it harder 4 us."
watch out for rockets tonight at Mohawk austin around 11
How good a feeling it is when jobs come in on time, with great quality, to very happy clients!
Its about time you started following me....hope you are knocking em dead
Couple of house showings today-it's about to get real.
I'll misbehave if it turns you on...
Great preaching tonight by my man Sorry it took awhile to tweet. I was out Digging a Hole!
I think sometimes I'm still there. :)
#utdgsa folks, don't forget you can renew your books through the summer now!
That hand would look great in Masonite! :)
Need Free Beats! Check Me Out!!!!!!
Joe , Rita is so right and this man fullyagrees. Church exploits many low wage people now short changing healthcar
hey the snow absolutely rocks.
that's awesome..ill check it out
Does anyone else think its weird that Romney showed his kids an aborted fetus?
#WaysToImpressMe be Harry
hey! Sorry I was out in Ohio bustin my face on some mtb downhill trails with , did you end up doing anything?
I like purple unicorns
haha were you late again
Automatic toilet flushers really ruin the whole courtesy system.
Saw THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT with my mom for Mother's Day. Giggle-worthy supporting cast. Real relationship vibes. Too bad it's overlong.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there in the twitterverse
Omfg AWW<333 RT : THEY GAVE ME A STANDING OVATION. I'M CRYING.
sounds great!
Thank you. Check out our album. It's free.
No matter how GOOD or BAD you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
I've discovered that if you just say, "I'm going to the gym later," you are totally cool to wear #sweatpants all day.
Wonder what Cafe NASTY is like xD
Some people just want to see the world get set on fire
REMINDER: We’ll be at the Peninsula Home & Garden in Kitsap County all weekend!
#BTR3rdAlbum trend we can do this rushers! if we were able to fill timeline with kca votes we can trend this!
"Be careful that you do not forget the Lord, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery" -Deut. 6:12
Had a very long successful day,,, I'm going to sleep early tonight... Good Night Everyone :))
I love hugs. :)
Oh how I miss u but I can't admit it!
Just saw a draft of the cover design for our EP!
hey you should be talking to not to me
Don't die Jesse!
hey howd u know what my other account was?
words can hurt, words can heal, words can love, words can destroy, so choose your words wisely
The middle is bumpy today #JFK-#PHX ... and my water spilt, le sigh
i told her to clean and she was like "You dont do shit im the one that finds the money" i wanted to slap her 😱
cool. I probably will as well. submitted two coin-related linked-data related papers.
According to the , the first modern breast augmentation took place on November 24, 1893, in Heidelberg, Germany by Vincent Czerny.
If there is a hell, confident a special area is reserved for duplicitous neocon criminals resp for millions of dead |
Goal!!! You watching the #Coyotes game!?! Omg!!
It really seems to depend on who you ask!
"Come on down, on the new is right!" -the address, that is - we've moved tweeting over to -pls unfollow here and follow there.
"Ideology is the engine of politics."
RT : Smash some today on Pendleton Pike and #horizonyouth will recieve 20% of the bill for...
Why would you want to play football if one knew it would cause brain damage and shorten your life span?
RT : Sunday come see White Rabbits with The War On Drugs and The Love Language. $15 all ages 7pm. Please RT
We were gone must of yesterday....dogs are mad and woken up early....licking mento death!
I see.. So wat do u do on youre freetime?
91 yr. old woman murdered in her home in Georgetown, 2 blocks from my old apartment. What the what?!
thank you
I'm fine. Just enjoying Britcoms on ...: )
All your #NBA & #NHL playoff preview and reviews here-USSportspages.com
Mayretta Police now on tha' scene.
also... Awkward...
Just like ladies don't like closet fags, men don't like closet rats
FOLLOW RIGHT NOW. GET HIM TO 5000 FOLLOWERS. NOOOOWWW
One of our songwriting contest winners, Cole Boettcher, has been working on new music with us recently. Look for some hits this summer!
Welcome to life
Teach HS- teaching to use Twitter as research tool. They are illuminated. Need to teach tech for productivity not entertainment.
and he just won lol
I randomly have that Don't Trust Me song stuck in my head. o.O
I have to say it's the first time I've ever seen that guitar, lol. Unique indeed.
Are you in pain? Pain is the only way your body can communicate with you when there is some type of dis-ease taking place.
I just got home. It knocked over anna's snow globes. She's upset :( poor Anna :'(
I'm working on a project. I had to start over b/c I left my flash-drive at school. What about you?
Really, chase.com? Everything in a pop-up window, common tasks buried, tiny font, baffling error messages.
The Helen Thomas story should remind us all that decades of work can be undone with one comment. Now this comment will define her to many.
Just lost 0-5 in table tennis. Must practice... or at least play some more before my next game
the arena
If Only I Had The Type Of Parents That Dont Care If You Dont Go To School. It Dont Work That Way When Your In A Latino House...
I'm the only heterosexual, 30 year old man in the US who thinks the Andrews sisters are BADASS!!!
Try 2 imagine the end of eternity
Thankful for an awesome lady named ! I don't know what I would do without her sometimes.
Say What?! Check in on at any FYE and receive 40% off any used cd, dvd or video game!!
- Jeremy Lin says Tim Tebow is an inspiration to him, as they both excel at the bounce pass. ()
Also probably the only time I will ever hear someone say "Somebody find this girl a midget, STAT!" Lmao!
Justin & Beliebers are still trending!! Diggin' it!! =D Beliebers got
so many things remind me of you.
An autistic teen is accused of making terroristic threats, boys and girls sharing dorm rooms, & APD seeing more straw purchases. At 9.
Corporate archives-type jobs have such weird job titles and language...I wonder if there's a list of common titles out there?
We are available for services 24 hours/day and respond within 1 hour.
Aw, man! Are you in Houston?
Working on an investigation about lead in rental homes. If your home was built before 1978...ask about lead.
#shopping #starbucks #mobwives Yea I'm pretty happy right now ;)
what's up with Marquis' playing time?
Kids are #carving #pumpkins I'm tweeting :)
*calmly* Why didn’t you tell me?
Laugh out loud! Waaaaahhhhh
Sad this is my last day in Clearwater. I wish vacations never had to end. :(
- Thanks - Looking forward to reading your Mag!
Prepping for my 10th annual fundraiser 'Evening in the Black Forest' to help German Society of PA on Fri. What a fun nite! food, ale, music
Want someone who cares about Milwaukee to be Mayor? Write in Scott Plantz for Mayor! Join the revolution!
survival of the fittest...or youngest
In all seriousness, I think both Keith Price & Robert Griffin, I are two great people who are fantastic QB's..
Don't gas me up
Boobie Gibson is on fire but Kobe Bryant is at Staples.
good except for the snow and ice lol
#iloveaboy when he comes up and hugs you from beind and whispers i love you
The band's name rang a (very) dim bell. Didn't know they were hip-hop. Confused them with Backstreet Boys.
If you're looking for great prices on promo products & a reputable co. tweet biz guy using social media for his biz 2!
Happy anniversary to Amanda and !
where are they selling that ?
it was nasty! haha
thanks a lot megan :)
“: If you are in DC and like steak and fries then you HAVE to go to! $20 per person for steak, fries,salad. Amazing!”
Thank you Charlie ;) One of my faves. So appreciated! Wishing you a great Friday and weekend.
RT philmitsch .........Phil Mitsch Success Tip - 1 secret to success is believing in yourself even when others don't
: Did you see that Wing guy? I can DO that!
yes. It's time that the NCAA lowers the curtain and reveals that college sports is business.
5/15/12 #ward5se we vote for a new CM 5/15/13, we should still see those 10+ candidates in the community as I know everyone still cares.
Got to the gym too late for yoga, but sprints and squats and tons of plyo always make me feel better cos, you know, masochism n' things.
"Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same... perfection will not come." Bam, The Fray.
Anyone else really care about Colombian hookers? I find the new agencies looking for them in Colombia comical.
Grateful to the Fed. of Women's Clubs & their support of Child Abuse Prevention Month. Add Wolfe County & Barbourville to our growing list!
HAPPY MDAY TEA
fair enough, he is a good buy. It still dummies down your presentation of the game.
I'm asking myself the same question...
& ticket 10556 has a passion for her students that will lead to big things with that board! Cc:
Driving straight into the dawn... That's freedom.
I'm cranky b/c I haven't eaten properly today. No, coffee and salad wraps don't count.
But concentrating on the drug problem is a common mistake of those who are like me shocked by the Incarceration Binge...
....perhaps parts of western Suffolk, but not where I live.
Monday moping: Trainer made us run in a downpour; but my dog isn't dying as I thought!
Come test your knowledge for trivia night | 8PM onwards | Happy Hour throughout the whole event |
asks "Why can't everyone in Hollywood be normal and not get in trouble.... like Eminem... or Brett Favre"
Managers are for professionals who need help staying afloat and relevant!
We provide therapy for parents/guardians-When their personal or family issues contribute to the client's problems.
Omg time flies
Congrats on being nominated as #Ravens recipient of Courage Award...can't think of a more deserving person...
you know that was meant about
would you be willing to play meliane on icarly once more if made another episode with her in it? (:
Do it! One of us might as well be physically fit.
Ditto, it hurt me so bad to see them wreck the one at the end of The Fast and The Furious :( clean black, so sick
Today in my department, first time an editor used InCopy to make changes in InD file--I didn't have to! Thanks, !
Twitter wasn't working for me yesterday. Looking for the tall, skinny & handsome fella?
needs to learn to aim his dick piss is all over the damn seat
Feeling good
It was a great time hearing trash talk on Fantasy Football Weekend! "Camp, best 2-7 team"
for sure. nice work!
