my pleasure. Last year's was amazing and a direct inspiration for creating Women Who Code. Thank YOU!
RT : RT : RT : “Travel is not reward for working, it’s education for living.”
My thoughts and prayers go out to the SDPD officer's family friends.
I didn't know it was out there like that... man listen!!!!
Nat'l Endow f/t Arts "Support books. Books can change things." -Eggers
“: "Put a little umph in it" your #Pisces will appreciate it #iPromise”
#PuffTheMagicDragon is just about the gayest song I've ever heard in my life.
On 11 news @ 10, are the Twin Cities storm ready? We join forces w/ to ask that question & others. What we found in moments.
RT : Good Morning this foggy romantic Monday morning!
There's that big run. Gordon breaks through for a 30-yarder. We might see some offense yet!
you should probably just try ALL of the That was always 's and my plan of attack. (Jealous.)
: is already drafting her apology drawing. ha ha ha
Honestly, I blame Facebook for the brogrammer trend.
Baby wana Ride my Rollercoaster of Love!!!
How quickly it can all go to sh#t!
Lots of Prep for Arlington & Walk of Flags this wknd! Hope to see all you volunteers! Lots of stuff going on this week for
Happy hump day guys.
Haha - well bonus for you as well, those are the fun toys!
not yet. I'll pick up anything you recommend. Thanks!
I always cut my hair when I'm bored. I'm gonna end up being bald one day.
Happy Mother's Day, treat yourself to a run!
Actually jamming out to "what makes you beautiful" during my cardio warm up. Somebody, anybody, intervention, stat.
if u were a Mexican all u would really do is heat up a tortilla 👍
alrigty :) trying to find an usb drive cuz I don't have a blank dvd to use lol. Resorting to phone storage hope it works!
enjoyed the time friday night at airport...c u in dallas, if not sooner...
have a great day(:
Time is tissue.
- Are you still in Canada or back home in California?
good luck today
Just sayin, Pandaspace would be run by a bunch of MEN, without our dearest flowers <3
So I discovered that I have back dimples. Hehe
I feel bad for the guys who have girls as best friends because all they say is "I wish there was a guy like you." Stupid people irritate me.
RT : You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you." - John Wooden
Chop it up or melt it for some great for high quality baking at a great price!
thank you soo much!!
4 more illustration before sending the 2nd book to the publisher
Ha! It's all about intent, right? :)
Sometimes I just wanna call it quits and throw the towel
Get your good eats + beer tonight to help raise $$ for !
Oh and good night lovely x
Don't look now but it's 4:34
": Officially done and survived my first year as an OT grad student! Woo-hoo!" Way to go Bianca congrats!! =)
That's lame. What should I do?
Dress warmly today! Be careful not to overdue strenuous activity during the cold weather. Warm up your muscles before running.
After three months, one of my tenacious 3rd graders finished The Story of Mankind--he's definitely a member of the !
Watching the Mavs/Deron work out ... Wishing I was planning a practice.
Yeah.. I just woke up. I'm a little disoriented. I realized that after I you. Hahahahahah. Forget what I said. xD
Dave Mathews Band sounds like a scratched Square Dance CD where the caller is a clucking chicken.
Tonight at CAMEO Sky Blue of LMFAO LIVE!
Some people love talking about history, especially their own.
Whoop Whoop!! Mike is famous - I mean Guiness Book of World Records?!? Where it he papparazzi??
thank u to my 34 followers LUV u
You ridin' fences today?
he's doing it right.
Can't sleep.. Won't sleep <3SMV<3
I spend 75% of the time trying to figure out what is going on and the other 25% trying not to care. Wish I could swap the percentages.
#HappyStPatricksDay to my favorite little #green dudes and Stay thirsty my friends!
MIZTY i dont like them their ugly i mean weird shhhh and thats gross
i have an app that can put pictures into videos and it wont put them during the song. it only puts them before or after. any other ideas?
Blaid just hit my ass.
I will always choose my family and friends before a boyfriend. <33
All the Mister Moms who handle both parental roles..YOU'RE special too..."Come on doooowwwwnnnn"
He worried about that weak ass hair he need to be practicing dunking mfs
LaRussa better figure this out fast or #cards season's lost, if it isn't already: Ryan Franklin ain't the answer. Already 4 blown saves...
Stay up late for her even when your tired
That picture of the denim trenchcoat reminds me of an old client. haha!
the prices aren't listed anymore...but if you tell me what you're looking for I can tell you what we have..
... documenting & closing commercial loans, representing lenders on default commercial lenders, we'll hip him or whatever robot equivalent.
I will be for you. Tjis is long overdue lol
When this song come on I'm cookin chicken
Congrats to the sectional champions Avon Girls swimming and diving! #domination #roadtostate #MOREtaper !
Congrats to for being yesterday's winner of 2 tickets to the autograph signing event! DM for details!
Assumption College names new athletics director
you should come check us out. We're not looking for new members yet, but we will be doing a guest artist each month.
hey girl! Wanna send you some goodies for your blog! Can u send me your shipping info DM please
Very happy to announce a partnership with The Council for American Culture and Education through UVA this summer.
does blackpool then get knocked out ?
i think a lot
thanks Kelly!
Not many tweets from my world 2day .....sorry , busy .....
Thanks to all my new followers and for RTs. I'm getting ready to hit the road for the #SLA Conference. Call me if you need me.
It appears as though we won't be coming back home tomorrow.. 7 more days in honolulu!
Do you REALLY know French ?
Well at least Woody can't get blamed for this loss, for a change...
#biketowork next week & gain health, happiness, more energy for weekend frolics!
Subaru Announces PUMA® as New Team Sponsor for Three-car Global RallyCross Championship Program.
Yes, I was going to mention that should you SEE my face while you're cleaning up, let me know. :) thanks!
Crazy person ? RT Crazy sleep, crazy dreams
yikes! Feel better
West Allis. The home of the pick up truck and NASCAR t shirt.
You better get yours before I reach mines cause then I’m throwing peace signs✌
deal. Who's all out?
Watch Maureen interview on at 10pm on Village of Oregon passing social host ordinance 2 curb underage drinking!
Thanks for the follow. If you ever want to talk key control or security let me know!
Now I see why people say they left their heart in San Francisco.
Now I feel annoyed ;/
i'm on 's profile rite now... biting my nails cuz i cant wait to see who made the final 3 in the BG contest ( hope it's me!!)
It's so delicious!
aahaha as if u know that :/ -.-
#SpiritAwards cheers to an awards weekend!
RT : Grade inflation, high school and college GPAs, kids’ books on grading and more in this month’s DoubleTake:...
I thought u tweeted dat u were gonna DROP a new Song 2day, wasn't dat u?
I must admit, Jared Sullinger is one of my favorite players in the NCAA. I hope he can make it in the league.
liam's voice= my heart melting.
We love your guys comments & follows! Many blessings to all of you!
happy mothers day!
:-) Sleep well!! And you're right. Just send it off to friends.
to do list for tonight 1) Pack 2) read & homework 3) draw & watch Make it or Break it 4) not sleep, like always.
It's a great day for some holiday shopping at the Westown Indoor Market! Come check out the new vendors! Going on now until 3pm.
yes he is
Happy Mothers Day especially to the single moms raising kids practically on their own cuz i was raised by very special one
Ha. I mean, I'm still recovering. MY EYEZZZZ!
The cops at my nana's crib but Im not there.
Dear Prius driver: yes, the stop sign does still apply to you even if a runner is crossing the street.
grab bag vintage shirt - so its a surprise. Last time whenever they did this same promo - I got the purple faces one :)
great meeting you last night at Wedding Alliance of North GA
Good morning
Heading out for an intense, late day #hike It's not raining....yet!
RT : Headed to SWC for some voluntary work then to the newsroom for production week
piles and piles of crap work >.<
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN <3
": Just because you said you’re sorry doesn’t erase the fact that it happened."
#yoga....done. Abs...done. Shoulders next...then some afternoon #sales calls.
goodluck to all AP Spanish test takers !
Elie Wiesel has fought humanitarian crimes. He went to the Soviet Union & reported on the persecution of Soviet Jews in The Jews of Silence.
Searching for an SVP, Creative / UX
cant wait for next season to start
Like the reconfigured main board for hockey in the Arena!
hey y'all.
They wonder y his heart cold!
Ready for a nap....
Thanks for all the tweets and sharing information! We'll provide info on #NCORE2012 soon
I support this. RT : Greatest twitter bio EVER.
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition has been cancelled ... Where are all the buses going to move to now?
Finally listened to my ambient NPR to find a discussion on life lessons to be learned from RomComs. Talk about noise pollution.
I'm gonna disregard those tweets
Sweet! DM me your email. =)
I always regret it afterwards! Ugh I ate to much!
Lines are more or less the same as they were Wednesday. At this point, you know it or you don't.
As an unabashed Collective Soul lover I was in such a good mood on the ride in today!
LOL @ twinkies.Haven't decided what we will do yet--hopefully I'm feeling better by then. NYC would be ideal place to be! 1 day!
Follow us!!
haha I'm glad it's not just me too! I remember asking other people if it smelled like that to them and they couldn't smell it!
Good Afternoon! It's a cold day....really acting like winter! Possible Rain this weekend and SNOW on Monday! It's looking a lot like Xmas!
RT LOST SERIES FINALE...or FLOOR SEATS to SUNS/LAKERS with my 6 yr old son...OMG! - what to do? help! Kids 1st Johnjay...
on #Leadership - Somali Pirates successful with new TACTICS at sea forcing the world to rethink STRATEGY, stabilizing the country -USA TODAY
im chillin you. you? just got back safely! probably gonna it up the galleria :D
Hi GB Jr All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
watching Miami FSU. They doin that Atlanta Braves cheering. Would hate to go to a football game with that
except the fact they signed omarion...like really?
You know a kickass wedding is about to happen when the bagpipes player is warming up out front!
WONDERFUL 3 BED 2BATH SPACIOUS & COZY W/WALL TO WAL CARPET,SECURITY ALARM. THIS HOME IS GREAT INVESTMENT TIME HOMEBUYER! BEING SOLD...
Heck yes! RT : We need 2 get some of that out n Cincinnati at our tailgates!
Kind of mellow, but a good mellow. Missed the Easter egg hunt. You? I heard some place had a special doggy egg hunt.
M! It was super yummy!
Apparently my muscles feel like cardboard? Time to hit the gym.
Has to be Estrada's pitch count. He's only at 66.
disappointed. Nasri seemed up for the fight, but the defence and goalkeeping cost us the game. Just like last season
This theoretical joke is tension-breaking and stress-reducing. You can't prove it doesn't exist.
flip them back around again
One up you, according to Transformers Detroit is in the Nevada desert.
I am starting a fantasy baseball league with people also in the arts. I need six more...are you one?
I think she's mentioned this to me before, too!
RT : It is easier to forgive an enemy than it is a friend. William Blake
My facebook has one photo of me. And it's the same as this one
my fave fiery grandma: follow her! Anti -aging Baby-Boomer, Fiery Grandma of 4, Wife, Mompreneur, Auto Transport Broker
I'm forever greatful for . she's here for me when no one else noticed.
Which one sounds better, a black and white one that has little straps, or a navy blue and white one with sleeves? :P Dresses man
We're having a free health screening today at #1525NewtonStNW #DC as well as breakfast at 9:30! See someone in need? Pls tell them!
What is something unrealistic you could do that would get you closer to your goal?
I'm at the MSFCA, MN State Firechiefs Assoc., annual conference for the next two days! Stop by and say hi,
where will you be tonight? We want more!!!
Today my school made 7th grade history (:
I would argue dystopias have always been a vibrant part of lit that appeals to teens as well as others
at least your aware of it some people straight up dont give a fuck
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x6
Enjoyed that Hooks Vs. Bridges 2! always kills it on yhe mixes! Sound and music was real nice!!
at i love it here!
it doesn't have to be pretty it just has to be a win!
facebook.com/thebandword for music/updates
You didn't do that right.
there was one girl, sorry to say she was kinda bad.
hope you are as well :)
When you get calls from drunk people & you can't help but to laugh hahaha aww someones tispy lol
Having fun
Rubber ducky time
Home Sweet Home
is expecting strong profits growth on Thursday despite continuing pressure on sales of whisky in Southern Europe. Via The Scotsman
Scotty & Lauren should be the next Lady Antebellum
Happy Friday Everybody!! Anybody have any special plans for the weekend? We want to hear about them!
Tae swear she was Finna bail him out and gather up bail money. Lmao #DownAssBitch tho at the end of the day
my mum says give you 3 kisses. lolol
We want to know: What's your favorite restaurant in Montgomery County?
Rest/recovery day for me! Heading to church and then hanging out with my wonderful husband today!
I can't stand Paul Pierce smh he always hits the big shot on my team.
Okay, Twitter, since you're so smart and know all fans of every team ever -- find me awesome female #Wild fans. And... go!
"Shift" - kiss. Ex. Did ya shift her?
Heather Ford of FOX5 is live down at Fiesta de Reyes for the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Turn on your TV to check it out!...
Wishing and weren't so lame.
"This couch hurts my butt...." -
shiid workout then sleep
what a sad afternoon. And you better eat you veggies!!
REI store in the puck building is amazing!
When you nurture and release the true you, you'll stop feeling like a broken, endless project.
Fairly certain my past relationships fit squarely into 3 categories: NGB, stalker, or asshole.
"Tomorrow is a new day, and with that new day comes the opportunity to refine our being. Walk in the light & it will illuminate your path".
your a cornball no wonder I don't listen to u.
End this game already Cards!
"The most anticipated night in movies" is the MTV Movie Awards? Really? Thinking a little highly of yourself there, MTV ad.
Apparently, Global Warming has taken the day off!
Good win for GTown...a game they would have lost last year.
Forgot to tag in my last post!
1st Choice is #NorthCarolina’s choice for the best used vehicles and affordable financing. Get your #credit back on track with us!
New Costume 60s Groovin Wig for Adult
BRING IT
Are y'all really that desperate on Instagram to be like "all new followers get so many likes" on other people's photos? Losers.
-Look like a GIRL,act like a LADY,think like a MAN,work like a BOO...
Its only 8:50 am and I already need a drink
It's too early in the morning to be hearing your shit right now so...
#nickelback just came up on my #pandora feed. Should I be worried?
Donnie Simpson is trending! bring him back!!
I'm good :) : change your twiiter name you nob
It has to be Jil! Talk about ultimate comeback! RT Question is: Who fills in at Jil Sander?
HB1150 would evaluate schools in a similar way that MCCOY assesses youth programs - thx Amy Carter
Getting ready to do another fight choreography tonight! Those are always fun and motivating.
We'll save you a seat!
Hey Michelle will u please follow me?
nope, but i've choked on a life saver. lol
Arlington! What's up with the summer?
And we're starting DAY 2 of the Reclaiming Futures Leadership Institute conference!
Can't miss it the NEXT game of Barcelona vs. Man U. Saturday 30th!
So close to 500 followers only need 34 more followers help me reach 500 followers i will follow back
I dearly love you buddy's cant wait for Pawns to be released
Needed...wanted...either or...
I have cake and eat it all the time! That's why I run. :)
Travis, how long have you been married? Time can be the enemy, seen it too many times, no pun intended
I really enjoy people watching as creepy as that sounds
Shea McClellin gives the #Bears an end project who will star as a high effort situational pass rusher at first
Intriguing. Taking res's? RT : ING's outdoor patio Flavor Tripping cocktail menu. Tons of Tripping fun:) less than 2 weeks away.
Your day is going to be blessed! Your children is blessed! Your marriage is blessed! No limits, No boundaries,I see increase all around you!
Just tell me the truth I'll find out anyways
I guess NO BODY likes to be called TWITTER BUG, as no ones hitting me back up...
Thank you for your time and all the great information! We appreciate your sharing your eggs-pertise!
The more junk I cough up the better I feel.
Savage life 1 is prolly the best album webbie gone ever have
Cinderella with
Congrats to my rockstar colleague at for being named one of 15 to Watch! Have fun today!
How has texting changed keyboarding...I'm noticing more and more students typing letters with their thumbs.
why is an anthology like Black Nature a great study?...
I'm pretty sure if I made you a sandwich...you would fall in love with me(:
thanks man!
What he said.
will take a look in the morn. Welcome home!
Awesome magazine. Thanks for the follow. Do you guys take submissions?
I love Friday the 13th!!
Gonna be a little MIA on twitter for the next couple of weeks cause of all the work I have due! :(
The cheapest ticket on #StubHub for the #SuperBowl dropped about $200..now at $2k. Again, avg price @ #Colts at Lucas Oil stadium $139
Conner won all 3 of his JV matches today at West Allis Central. Congrats, dude. Very proud. Sacrifice, sacrifice & sacrifice. Payoff.
Hi Janes Hawes. Columbus JollySavers is going live! Exclusive kids deals for Columbus families.
Stop making life seem more tougher than it is.
Hey Sexy! Thanks for following me! You are fucking aweseome. Speaking of fucking... where is my vibrator?
Figured it outt
Correction, TATE.
with my father arguing with him cause he has to many girlfranzzz
You know me reading lol
Who has good #Prezi examples?
miss ya!
Wife: babe I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear.. Husband: sure thing..kitchen, living room, patio, oh and don't forget the toilet.
Thanks for the Tweet! Check back daily for more great deals from Mobideals!
Hey have one for me at Margaritaville!
. sad to miss #SommChat today - judging the Ruinart Competiition.
Just got out the 🛀!! Gettin ready to go make this 💰💰💰!! Everyone have a blessed day
one picture for all of them or one for each..!??:/
You're "not gay", yet you'll make out with boys? LOL, booboo no.
"When you broke they treat chu like a bad joke, niggas laugh at chu when they kno aint funny"
Will I be more relevant if I drink Dos Equis tonight?
I hate getting off work this late! This hour drive back home is gonna suck big sweaty balls 👎😒
Incredible new year in a Dubai home from long ago #FriendsReunited.com with side order of Hugh grant and a nice big glass of Peter Andre!
Wish i could forget about you cause its obvious you have forgot me
Don't make the mistake of trying to re-do pass success with a hybrid fan base. You will end up putting out 4 to 5 singles that don't catch!
...And You Will Know Us By The Trail of Bread
I do see some scattered subject lines that corraborate
I was gettin' stressed out about this Iowa State game, but we've got nothing to lose...just play your game. We can get this!
I am so thankful Al!!!!!
Still working, though it should be good to go. We recommend clearing your cache and also checking from other browsers.
Eddie will always be loved and missed... He did so much for so many!!!
I should be packing, but I'm now officially addicted to Words with Friends.....thanks a lot :-)
i think Neely said he wanted to party tonight
That's right! As long as each & every #Haitian realizes the development-security connection, everything will go smoothly
Hey thanks for RT; How are things?
HAS A TWITTER YAYAYAYYY
One who understands much displays a greater simplicity of character than one who understands little.Alexander Chase
hey I was outside knocking on ur door with the food
lol yes I wanna go swim
HAHA!! Didn't expect THAT response! Come on down..it'll be on us..but, somewhere else cause they now use FROZEN patties! YUK!
You know I'll be there!
Hahaha! There can be only one!
I'm sure my #EBUS118 students are even more excited to try your pie for free (my treat, not yours)
best wishes & huges hugs to appendectomy/schmependectomy. she can do anything! :o)
RT : you can't front on Entourage, Icebox, Touch, all those Omarion songs still knock! <<Icebox was HOT!! Dunno bout da rest!
Vokoun said that he never considered staying in Washington beyond this year, said it was the "most disappointing" season of his career.
in general. but if you have a work situation you're worried about you should get a consultation with a plaintiff-side lawyer
LOL that's and in the same tweet: RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: ,
Lady who?
I need some moral support! Right now! Three cheers for me, please!
Girl, I just wanna say.... Wow.
hI ! I'm listening to amazing music by demi lovato hoping you will follow me (:
I won 1st place at a beauty pageant.....I was in the audience
forget one.
thanks for the invitation, but not sure I can make it. :(
why haven't I met you yet?
More shibboleths: RT Creativity researchers: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ... Me-high Chick-sent-me-high
thank you for the RT!
Lost Dog Mick - $500 Reward Mick the Miniature Pinscher is lost in Calabasas, CA.
come over tomorrow!
Booked an episode of BROKEN MINDS. Thank you, Meg Morman & Sunny Boling!
love it
You rock :)
totally <3 it!
AND AND, AND TWIST
Without struggle , there is no progress .
my favorite girls nd
I see it has not slowed you down a bit
loll right I'm like yay
now why would they say that about her?
thats MR. fart taco to you!!
We are taking our outdoor set into Art Bar! Come on out
please follow me i follow back!
#reverb11 community - how are you today?
I can't wait for it to be Fall.
I wish I could come. Im stuck in Florida:/
An obese guy was in the elevator with me. He caught me staring at the weight limit sign. Awkward.
I would love to just never have to get up for work ever again in my life
hes friends with austin, & went to teen hoot & playlist live the same time austin went (:
On my break smashn
Ive personally had many audible request.
We're so close to 400 followers :) Thanks to everyone for putting us in your #FF !
MIT shop closed for the night. A few more hours left tomorrow morning, and the Uni will goes into the truck. Good night team--thanks!
I just dont get where the Spurs find all these diamond in the roughs!
I think they heard you
I'm still here. come after!
just so yall know my second twitter is so you can foolow me there as well :) <3 yall STWOF!!! c(;
. Shame on He's become a partisan shill with no prinicples.
Cool, an actual linear story, Keri. Thanks for sharing!
what wrong ?
Keep it up
My local radio station said they might interview One Direction sometime in the future!!
down. Just messing with you.
A Half Baked Pretty Woman who was a Money Pit who has been Forgotten and needs to Die Hard.
I hope that the mom on the video goes to hell!!! Freaking evil worthless piece of junk
let's keep it that way and not mess with stripper laws.
Receive plenty of exposure.
We're so excited to stay connected with all our new friends from #DECALDA!
I gotta hair cut!!!
What a game yesterday. It was a great season... Win or loose I still love my yankees!!
5:30 in front of registration.
We love you even without your hair! No hair, nowhere!
Im seriously starving.
money work n oyeah
We're running our LIKE ME LOTTERY! Like our page and you could win a FREE copy of our upcoming EP!
im very Anti-Social at times
i dont know why it took me 5 years to realize that you are not a true friend. Good luck and goodbye! :D
#10thingsaboutme I love to run, I run cross country and track!
Bunting our way to the World Series!
Me: "Will the company pay for me to go to law school?" VP: "No, but we'll pay to bail you out of jail. Better cost benefit!"
Ability is what you're capable of doing...Motivation determines what you do...Attitude determines how well you do it.
#Flamenco wisdom: there is no glory in doing contra palmas badly.
Illinois photographer Brian Ulrich's latest exhibition 'Thrift and Dark Stores' May 28 - July 3 2009, Julie Saul Gallery, NY
RT Friday can't get here fast enough.
You can order online at WeBeGreater.com or we'll be on King St between 3rd & 4th tomorrow (north side of street) from 12-1.15pm
Thanks Mike :)
THERE you go...that's a safer smile in the dusty wind! :-)
Who's everybody got on the fight?
I relate everything to #JoannaNewsom. The SKOS chart of my life would just have Joanna Newsom as the object of every triple.
Networking is about building a relationship, not just to close deals for your business. Essentials: Visibility, Credibility, Profitability!
Kory a bitch
So I want food.
I gave up alcohol this week and I'm already regretting it!
Illumina just announced consumer genetic sequencing service for half previous best price. Also demo'd iPhone app for consumer genetics.
I love it!
MANTRA # 1 owe your success to no one
got this drank in my cup!
Did you know we're faster AND cheaper than the #libraryofcongress when it comes to acquiring books from Morocco? Ask us how we do it
#nowplaying Light My Candle from RENT...dont judge me.
weed is much better than all that. MUCH BETTER. Its natural.
strawberry is better
The Tic Tocs are down, but not out! We have a few tricks up our sleeves! We are still gonna miss Cali, but will pull through! Stay tuned!
vampires are cool! ;)
Wish I could just kidnap you and bring you with me ;D
it all how u look at urself u are responsible for ur own happiness
me too. like drew dody ok. brad richards ok. but where the fuck do u get that?!
2/2 ... my 2 great aunts (Aunt Belle and Aunt Elola). They taught me so much ~ how to fish, make buttermilk biscuits n more! Miss them both!
Welcome to twitter! :)
WHY CANT WE FIND ANY DAMN HOTELS FOR VACATION.
When are you coming back to the midwest?
Wow! #Meganwade is amazing. Playing at Sherwood at BBC now.
Whitney Houston's death had to be very unexpected. Just 6 hrs ago many were reporting she was being approached to be a judge on X Factor
Biking through Eagle Creek Park in Indiana and some home bouldering!
Got my Troegs Anthology as a graduation gift to myself, but I also had a package from Spoetzl Brewing with three Wild Hares in mail.
TAKE THAT OFF
13 days until
there's something about 22 days lately...lol these 22 days better go as fast as the last 22..
I'm grateful for my job they're just DTM.
#fridayreads The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides.
alright alright alright yeah! my son spellin the shit out of these motherfuckin words!!!!!LMAO never gets old!
regarding the last story about pot... I work at an airline. Funny watching people leave When custom dogs sniff MIA packages.
Seeing the old Alex Smith here
at least Charles is funny! Lavin is good.
Hey girl! How's it going?
Knowing you're going to be with him/her for life.
Happy B-Day to Bob Rondeau! A classy professional who continues the Seattle tradition of award winning sports broadcasting with every call.
I'm sorry. I'm feeling old. I will be 30 in July. :(
Loved the Final Tic classic. Loved Good Side,Bad Side and Planet Crucon as well.
I try to think about all the diff. ways I can build from an initial point of inquiry into the ind. proj.
cool -anna
My new mixtape will be coming early 2012. I'll be releasing the title of the tape in December. Stay tuned
it wouldn't be so bad if I'd stop habitually attempting to scroll on a wheel that I know doesn't scroll that way. Stupid subconscious.
Are you attending Toni?
Just fell in love with Urbanbelly. Must eat there everyday.
I would LOVE for you to be host!
#grateful for many things, but today it's about standing up for myself and expressing my own opinions 
Admittedly don't know much about SASS, but I'm seriously impressed with extend. assumed it was same as a mixin, but it's totally not. wow.
this is the reason why I love you guys so much :) you made a little girl's a day very special and her wish came true!
Don't judge bc that's not our job. U never know what someone is going thru...
As much as they'll let me have access to. RT : 8" thick eh? So truthfully how much of it will you read
1000 ways to die I am sure I will be one of the dying lol
i don't :d
she was....logical.
We need to send the Avengers to North Carolina to fight the evil.
WFGM is proud to help and hope you can donate infant and toddler car seats to them!
girl you are so beautiful and amazing and you just need to KNOW :D
“: looks yummy.” Celebrating Uncle Percy's birthday. Had a good talk with him today. He sounded like Grandaddy.
Why isee pilgrims everytimee im in nashvillee thou o.O
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story. --Orson Welles
No Surprise: WMC CEO says he's not surprised by the uptick in jobs. Surveys have shown optimism, "and optimistic businesses tend to hire"
Hey fans, give a shout to band guys and They're rolling with us this summer!
“: so just made me do a shot of wheat grass..my body rejects!” he's making everyone do it. Its like a cult
thanks :) x
It's no die in my #Sixers!
I'm telling you! Certainly hurts his leadership position--trust, respect, etc...Keep your sanity, girl, lol
Good Night. Thank God. Better Tomorrow, America!
Free for All Friday is here! Scott, Cheryl, and Dr. Jeff will tackle the issues of the day! Don't miss it!
I think it's time to stop waitin on other people and make something happen
Send some to NYC
Just ran into Doug Melvin. I said "Hey Doug" cause you know, we're tight like that.
When will I learn my lesson when it comes to caffeine at night?
do u evr go to seer outfitters? (:
:) You seem so cool, and you're an amazing mahomie <3
Keep drinking that kool aid amigo OKCs home grown talent seems to be better than the Heats free agents
I can be all you ever wanted if you give me a chance.
shut up!!!!!!!! I was playing draw something with u the other day!!!
Yes I Am Lol
Honestly? I think he may have thrown away the election. Forget economy, jobs... it's now a social issues election.
I feel you! You're preaching to The Choir!
I actually can't believe I said that so loudly, feel so bad :'( </3
I just called ConEd and put the electricity bill in my name. I'm feeling oddly productive and scared at the same time.
Either I have friends who have been really slutty lately, or their April Fool's jokes need some help.
Just passed a car with the license plate "SUCCES"
Hey, i just met you and this is crazy but here's my number ____
From all the toys in the world, people usually choose "feelings" to play with..
...and my car is already stuck.
no problem :3
Good day for the pack!
damn you're really in love with my butt aren't you? It's ok it has that effect on people.
fat chicks come with baggage like hypertension, diabetes, sleep apnea...
can you be both fiscally conservative and socially liberal?
its sunny n bright in cali....
THINK I'M GONNA WORK AT LITTLE CESARS. HOLLA~
My commute's going to be over an hour once/if I move to Leesburg. Better an hour in my car than two hours riding Metro.
More career services love for from: , , and
Damn u spent a lot of $!
Just had serious bonding time with
haha no. but i've been to hungary where i learned that still water came in pink bottles but I couldn't communicate with anyone :(
Kidnapping isnt necessary to achieve that result.
"Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith." - Henry Ward Beecher,
That was pretty, while maybe unintentional, very pretty!
Left an audition and walked behind Will Chase for a hot second. Felt like I was in a real-life episode of
If your Younger than 12 and your on birth control . You ratchet
Thanks for being such an awesome Beyonce resource! You really do it right!
St. Louis is only shooting 26% from the floor and they are in this game
I wonder what's going on... so many helicopters tonight.
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition & accessibility challenges.
Miss you too, my supermodel from France:)
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new page
Yes! Now to set my Yoga intention.....
Hopefully you can get some rest, that usually helps me when I have an allergic reaction.
. found a use for Jerry Narron. Started a fire in a junkyard to mess with the lights at Citi field.
I hate that has his tweets protected. Can't RT him. :c
Where have you been all my life?!
So I'm outside kissing my boyfriend and this lady passes by and says "you go girl" lol super embarrassed
I'm the short girl who has black haor and wears skinny jeans, band tees, and converse. I got hell for it.
Nay! Allow not the receipt of questionable cables derail your eloquence! I daresay the very suggestion is nefarious!
Sorry Tech language at play here
for twits maybe
welcome to the Twitter.
Want to help 'Thought At Work'? Come by the ID Studio Sunday @ 4PM for a meeting. Any help is help.
“: "I love your crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.” this made me think of you and your love of CROCS!!!
RT : The space between the notes is as important as the notes themselves. at
Thanks for the follow, So sorry you and EmoPeterCampbel couldn't make it work. Seemed so perfect...
<3 united app... Just updated my gate and saved me a trip across O'Hare! Thanks United.
RT : Who has questions for #JobHuntChat?
another test message
Im so happy that follows me :)) bless ur heart
it was privilege to b with u & ur students at LR Memphis
Oh where oh where did my twitter go?
I know Its Tuesday and all but I feel like flying today :)
promo me
please #FundMyFriday to celebrate the end of another school year with my fellow grad students! (we could all use a little help!)
you should make one that says "50% original content"
We will announce the winner of Guess Jack's score at 10am Central, stay tuned.
i'm fucking peeing.
Good mood and smiling this morning!!
Calls seem to be going ASU's way. Come on #Trojans,
If i have to get a shot in my mouth i think i just might kick the dentist....
RT : Morning rush hour still going smoothly- no news is good news
Doing some outside running this Sat. with by the lake for ! So, who's coming with us...WHO'S COMING WITH US?
Rhyme "let's keep it undercover my part-time lover" ©2012 free to use
for the record it was pregosaurus lex
i will try maybe
Smart dinner with #gaming narrative expert #JamesPortnow. The future can be better
At a medical doctors office...40 minutes after my scheduled appointment....still waiting...they need to take an on time lesson from us..
ignore him pattie.
yeah it took me a while to save up :) though, really, a photographer is a photographer, no matter what equipment they use!
RUDE! Actually I stopped drinking at like 9:45!!! -_____-
awwe u so pretty cn we exchange numbers
when we felt like not giving old people diabetes anymore.
Remember those words next time you are looking for work. And yes, veterans do deserve a break.
Great workout this morning! Finally starting to feel fit again...
I Hate When Someone Complains Abt One Of Their Followers , Just Unfollow Them And Shut up .
I was born the day you kissed me. <3
what is ojon?
#icantgoadaywithout thinking about ♥
This half priced frappuccino craze has lines out the door at Starbucks
what a nub
Good luck. Hope you won't have to garbage pick cheesesteaks because you spent all your money on the car.
Chocolate chip, walnuts, and almond cookies
Last year I said I'd try to be a Phillies fan. After meeting countless tool Phillies fans, I take that back. Such a lame fanbase. Go Buccos!
YOU ANT UP NORTHVIEW WIT 1.5 million LMAO THEM NIGGAS ROB THEY OWN MOMS LITTLE NIGGAS UH JACK YOU CUZ
some skateboard championship won by 38 year-old local fellow. his parents must be proud!
MyCSU is making plans to be a part of the 2010 Diversity Conference on September 21-23! Check out their site at diversity.colostate.edu.
#IThankGod for making me one of a kind
Girls have twice the options for Halloween costumes: the regular version or the slutty version. Unless they go as Snooki.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Be sure your boss and coworkers shower you with many gifts today!
Summer time bitches
Its official. These fb chat rooms hold some of the dumbest people in it.
sounds like a plan7
Here's To My 8,000 Tweet!!!!!!! 8 is a lucky number for me & one of my favorites! Also I wanna thank all my awesome followers! #MuchLove <3
Fresh out of the shower! haha
There is nothing wrong with contentment. It only becomes an issue of you get stuck there. Contentment becomes complacency. Keep pushing!
Are you for real?
RT : #PlankADay COREction officer says I miss your planks!
. Isn't that awesome?? We were pretty pumped too!
So good. So glad.
Thanks so much!
hahah. I'm in the process of looking for a job. I'd love to have my lip in the least pierced.
can we just just blame Petrino?
1966 Lincoln Cont. ragtop. Black, w/ suicide doors and a killer sound system. Or another 68 'Stang...best for chasing tour buses!
Dilshan will probably get 2 tests for that head high contact on Usman
what u just got a twitter or something
- nice to know you!
it's a beautiful device. but I'm still not a convert. I think it needs to do more for 500 bucks. maybe courier will convince me?
you are my cinema I could watch you forever...actually pretty creepy lyrics we DJ Repeat-ed all weekend
Really enjoying this
thank you!! <3
Cant believe with all the time Justin has put into the album, his fans, and charity..he still found time for school, and to graduate. proud.
What To Expect When You're Expecting was great! So much laughs!
I wouldn't know anything about that. I have Michael McDonald's "Sweet Freedom" cranked to 11 right now.
im starting to think that i need to get her to autograph something for you, lol
Follow me on keek . Yes it's the same username as my twitter username.
Have you recorded any demo?
#FF Follow Someone Awesome Sunday--->
Our most beautiful blessings are the Jonas Brothers oh my gosh I haven't laughed so hard all day
Hes everything i dreamed of !
Horse out front? “: There is a guy rocking a serious bolo tie at a Cincinnati Panera right now. #TXSwag?”
Pelmeni Siberian Dish with a drink of Citro is fulfilling.
Damn y'all need to get over it already
Watching #afv with the kids..then sending them to bed so I can watch #Onceuponatime :) Oh yay!
Happy Birthday to one of the funniest men I know! Im sending so much love from NYC...and a virtual karate chop to the throat. ❤
*slaps you* wow lmao
If your looking to save money today in Indy Marsh Supermarket is tripling coupons up to $1 until midnight.
Lol cause we all know who the craziest person we fucked last
We're glad they did! Now you can check out all the new things that will be happening:)
Spoken like a true Bostonian RT : #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Starbucks taste better than Dunkies
I have so much love for 's songs and songwriting, its crazy. <3
I'm hungry!
Thank you for including me in your journey!
RT : Dear Maloofs: please sell the Sincerely, Everyone.
When google made the switch a couple months ago they froze my channel. I had to make a new one. So I'm starting over.
RT Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything.
Im seriously in the best mood:)
Left my window wide open all day, nice one maddie
Shut up michael cole
This dream I had last night though.....wtf...?? Lol thnkn why would I even dream sme shit like tht..
thanks honey!
Thank God for all I missed because it led me here to this...
OMFG I LOVE YOU !!!! CONGRATS! <333333333
Also, my other nephew signed a 4 year contract with the Army. Our own Private Ryan. Congrats to him too!
When is Reggie getting on Twitter?
Gotcha! Thanks Bethany!
Chairs = bad. Balls = good.
Eating in downtown Louisville, KY. Heady beers for sure!
It's ironic that champions of democracy want different standards 4 themselves. Y plead the 5th when u r clean ?
You are going to be AMAZING! And you really should be BFFs with She's the biggest fan of all time!
Thanks my friend!
“: Life's a bitch, if it were a slut, it would be easy.”
NEW HAVEN! Bring back Bar Pizza and a Louis Lunch burger pls
Next on our list! Terrific meeting you this week! --> RT : Just got home &found The #Gamification of Learning &Instruction arrived...
I'm do not in shape for our Fireisland !
What a dive!
#WhenIWasLittle, I never imagined that one day #OLTL and #AMC would be stolen from us.
y'all should get some tray tables in this bitch
hm we'll meet up but no purple for me...wearing gold!
The lady had me up there throwing curve balls for 25 minutes haha
... Sun breaking through the clouds shining on a blustery day ... Seattle's Heart Beat gathers together
I miss my main man
Sipping a '96 Schloss Schönborn Riesling Spätlese (Rüdesheimer Berg Rottland): ultra-ripe peach, Seville orange, raisins, lemon-lime, slate!
Steaming this pastrami has left me with incredibly-delicious pastrami stock. What to do with it? Ideas? (cc )
Aww how wees Luvvs r lrd Ahmed. Does the Queen have anything at all to say when someone she knighted tries to destroy the UK?
also, Hamptons Chutney Company is a great place for celiacs to dine on creative dosas and uttapams
Gonna fight robert tomorrow YEAH
You have exactly 35 mins left to nominate yrsrelf or other #MLA mbrs to serve on ctes. You know you want to! www.mla.org
I just never tire of DOUBLE INDEMNITY. If ever there were a DVD that I wear out, this is it.
Trying to enjoy Eli Manning doing SNL but this show hasn't been funny since I was in high school
I know I was waiting for the next showing of #SherlockPBS (set to be recorded on my DVR) but that's why god invented the app w/AirPlay
the club still update their own library a couple times a year?
OMG I WAS TAKIGN A NAP!!!!!!!! i love you and I do remember ourlil runs and we need to hangout again soon please, i miss summer<3
: AHAHAHA, TKozy strikes with the mom jokes again. Love!
Need video of arrest incident yesterday around 44th & Lex - many journos there documenting brutality, please DM any info
I cant go back to sleep....
RT : Mary don't you weep because God is going to do just what He said!
#VintageTrouble was awesome, a spectacular concert.
follow me can't wait to hear your
r they looking for poker dealers at the trop??..I can outdeal anyone...if so could you get back to me buddy..thx in advance..
kinda low for you Jesus but then again your religion is falling out of favor.
Sittin in class with these hot bitches
Thank you for the mention :) Great site for eyecare!
I said don't worry about a thing...cause everything is gonna be ight
Breakthat Single show Top 20 list is the best way to give indie singles love
if you can't be completely comfortable around your boyfriend or girlfriend , then your not that close
RT : Happy New Years to & all my fam. Yall are my team till the death of me
that's funny x)
Its about to go down Boom Boom Style.......T Lady Birthday........yeah thats me
"How would you use clout as President to spur #middleclass #entrepreneurism?"
I got asked to prom
I think dogs R the most amazing creatures; they give unconditional love.4 me they R the role model 4 being alive~Gilda Radner...
I think I'm going to go to the movies today.
Can't wait to get my hands on Essence of Time! Read 1st 3 & need to know how about Rob & Blake.
Getting the showers water temp right is one of the hardest things to do but When it happens it's one of the best
Vampira still gets my sap flowing. Otherwise it's gotta be Graves Ghastley
#superartfight Doctor Who Puppet Pals!
So I'm on vacation already.
Agreed! And I am loving RT : Nice new avatar, ! : )
☆ Everyone ℱℴℓℓℴω and me... WOO! WE FOLLOW BACK YALL! YEEEEEEE-HAW! <3 hope solo! woot! chicken liver?
Rehearsing a limited edition set of Live PA songs and Retrospective Remixes. #MojoStock2011 VJ: DJ: + Sitar & Drums!
Actually Reynolds was okay, not great though. The writing and chemistry was just way off.
bacon is bad for me and you are officially a bad person now
Not long now for Mass Effect 3!!
What things do YOU want out of FemCity Milwaukee (ways to help you professionally, personally, etc.)? Let's hear your comments/suggestions!
#Imagine *Austin Gives U A Gift* YOU: "Omg I Love It, Its Amazing" AUSTIN: "YOUR Amazing" *KissesYou*
And Facebook is running strongly to the pocket carry. I sense a trend.
Lol I thought u meant u were having me for lunch :O
TY 4 the shout-outs. Hope you enjoyed gr8 #wine this wkend!
I drove by yesterday! LoL!
ouch ouch and ouch! Good she finished her show though! Tough kid!
I'm watching this game and still trying to figure out...what's so "old" about the Celtics?
I want to start my own #Ted or #Fred -style talks.
TUES: Senior Advocacy Workshop in City Heights. Learn to communicate to elected officials.1:30 p.m. #Free 4065 43rd Street.
In D.C. for the rest of the week. Late arrival with an early wakeup call for meetings.
Delaware's about to go into Hinkle Fieldhouse and whip up on Butler tonight. Right
Sorry was new to me (guess I'm not much of a Microsoft watcher)
El Salvador all day, everyday ;)
it's impossible not to.
so many twitter crushes. on you and you and you and.. not you. :(
RT : Omg we watched in Common's new video at work tonight! That's so exciting! I'm so proud!
You'll see signs up around town. If you'd like one, email name, st address and email address to
Okay bye bye :D
I hate when you say stupid shit like that.
Grinding away at the law lib
Can't remember who first mentioned My Drunk Kitchen to me, but I am now very very much smitten with it. ;-)
Buying the stuff for our little cook out :)
next up - scouting the photo shoot location and helping Sizzle La Fey get a banjo
Thanks for the follow FF #TGIF!
*whispers* Broke what?
Thanks for the follow, what language is that on many of your tweets? My guess is Tagalog but don't really know.
now that we have Cal as a coach I think some fans really do expect to win it all every yr.
Gotten pretty comfortable with #ios app #dev over the past year. Now, working around in the #Android SDK.
hahah new phone
Home Sweet Home <33
To all of us at Castle Group Marketing to all of you out there in twitterland, we wanna wish you and your families all a Merry Christmas!!
Nas is so dope
This time its gonna be me. - 'N Sync
It's in the University Gallery inside the Vignelli Center - artistic alley. Enjoy!
Swisher Homers Here..
I don't understand why people keep saying they are/aren't thankful for Nickleback... Explanation please?
#TYVM for the #RT (& thoroughly enjoying your series of 50 blog posts in 50 days!)
An 80-year old can have the body of a 40-year old by adopting a healthy, active, stress-free lifestyle.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
Oh that's why you know him! I can't wait til I finally get to go abroad!
just a bit. The only upside is that it may be the first mmo where guys who play girl avatars wont get ridiculed
JB: O's objects: a weirdly coy manifest withdrawal, alluring us to play hide and seek, without holism. What is at stake?
Thank you!
It most definitely is! often neglected but has a lot of power
I don't work tomorrow. Eric will be there
RT : A1: Social media good resource, but work it toward a handshake.
Congrats to for rattling home his dunk attempt and to for making his first collegiate field goal.
Houston City Hall to be bathed in orange lights tonight in honor of run to MLS Cup final.
your peformance last night gave me chills! You sang its a mans world and rocked it hunny! you better win!
Visual literacy in art edu deprived elementary schools in greater LA
i have a good bit of footage
Exciting time to be Things looking up after months of grinding.
I do expect some sunshine today. Partly sunny skies overall becoming mostly cloudy.
Thanks for the follow
Taking classes / workshops at a design or technical school will eventually get you the certificate, but actual learning depends on you.
Valerie for Randi Scott rockin' your Friday nite - stay tuned for Nights with Alice Cooper coming up at 11:00! :o)
Would like to know what you find. Don't know how to do outside of controlled environment.
Just found out that a paper at a conf in March will be on the exact topic as mine at a diff conf in April. Great minds think alike?
CraftMaster Molded Interior Doors are MADE in the USA!
Wanna be friends??
#shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
If anyone is every sad ill sing you the happy song xD
i love you more(:
Fall in love when you are ready, not when you are lonely is wat it is.
miss my baby maggie!
Feeling so pumped by all the comments and emails received in response to my NYT Room for Debate piece.
I like it when catches up on replying to his whole timeline from like twelve hours ago
Having mega problems with #blogger. Anyone out there an expert? Care to help? Or should I just switch to #wordpress?
Today was a great day. I hope everyone enjoyed it. The new years is almost here! Stay productive!!
RT : Sheen destroyed the entire concept of the show from all the drama. It'll never be as "comical" no matter who replaces who.
We like you too!
Until they run out RT there are less than 800 tickets for graduation at the We can pick up two more with red ID.
Money talks but it's the ACTIONS that make it so.
nice post...
Getting ready to hang out with Prez Obama @ the House of Blues tonite.
Pantera's Cowboys From Hell.
I want it to be summer. Last summer was so fun. So many memories, with lots of people. Summer, Please come faster..?
And I quote "Itzdamamastinkydachilez!!!!!!" ...I know my bitch well enough to translate this on sight when she txts me ha
First pick on mom's mother's day playlist: daughters by john mayer
Easy desert. Toasted Eggo waffle cut into bites in a bowl. Add1 scoop of natural vanilla ice cream with a drizzle of chocolate syrup. M'good
lol take yo ass to sleep
it looks very cozy and Thanksgiving-ish. Have a happy turkey day!
Cool! RT Great crowd at today's meet and greet in
If I lived in Florida, I would be pretty concerned about rioting babies right about now
Got a little carried away at the library...
but majority of the people in your party don't like "Hispanics" and I a Latina hate that word
look at Richards shoe lmao
For the first time this year the defense picked up TB12
Alright, I'm looking for your favorite calendar app out there ... ?
Why can't THIS weekend's game be blacked out? Not sure I want to witness this...
"Fear binds the world. Forgiveness sets it free." ~Gary R. Renard
OK Boston College Fans an alumni, Would you ever consider Bobby Petrino to be the next football coach? #Toosoon ?
This bitch in my class called "the blonde ugly af" Niall is perfect so fuck you.
Get your playlist-making pants on! The Rubbish Zoo EP is up on Spotify!
Random ; i always thought Tupac was cute. The only male that look good with a nose piercing!
ugh, my stomach.
So sorry, Maura.
I can't believe tomorrow is December 1st! Is time speeding up? 2012 is only a breath away. Time waits for no one, it runs by its own clock.
Hello my name is Mrs.Malik:)
let's go
“: Men, don't be afraid to surround yourselves with wise women, and don't be afraid to listen to them.”
Hoping you can help me spread the word about my shows at the Comedy Cave next week. Would love to chat with you guys!
Great things cooking with , literally! Stay tuned
twitter inside jokes are the best! thanks for sharing
Trying to ball in this soccer tourney this weekend
Could the ravens trade back?
alright thanks.
Obama is highlighted in our film, Y'all should screen it at events.
I bet a troll equates to anyone who don't agree with you..correct?
Hamas sure know how to raise children who love peace. Poor kids are brainwashed. Israel must finish off Hamas!
Who's the highest jumping twitter follower I have following me? Is it you?
maybe it was buy one get one free?
Up at 2 in the morning talking on the phone with on the phone for over 3 hours.
I wish I can record the beautiful moments in life with my mind.
- Roses are on their way! See you in June!
Danica: "you and me, we're not friends, you crashed my car" Convo with crew cheif
we miss you too!
Fraser marathon. Such a good show! It's crazy to think it was on 11 years ago.
hey, that's practically the same route I did last night!
Want to get two months of Latisse for only $85? Ask me how!
Not a TD if ruled so philly gets robbed
Give these guys a follow! Great place to see upcoming events!
A lot of buyers are starting their #home search in earnest this month. Are you ready to sell your home?
#HungerForUnger!!! :D please follow me! #HungerForUnger! :)
after i finish watchin dis movie wit her ima take a long nap im tired and i just mite turn my phone off....
#R.I.P Damel but who is that?
My best friend <3 :')
for sure
FYI..When in the shower DON'T use your teeth to open the shampoo.. yuck...though the bubbles were quite entertaining!
living in the moment. are you too?
puppy can sniff it from ovah there?!
Str8 up I think the only thing that keeps me not bored is work:/
Thanks, man! We appreciate that!
Marc - I don't think it's about the platform. Citizen participation requires commitment and a shift in our current culture.
happy birthday! 24
Talent show canceled.......
Debt is stopping you from being successful and doing what God has called you to do.
did u click the link
well i changed it so u can keep it if u want
and thats why i love you and your infectious music(: forget about the assholes in ETF they are where they are because of you
Since your comments about I bought the soundtrack. So many great songs & fun memories! Thnks 4 sharing!
Can I be that someone? RT : I just need some assurance that someone out there still has hope in me.
The best things about is that you're in for an awesome show no matter which you choose! :)
In 1 year the use of CFLs over incandescent bulbs removes as much greenhouse gas pollution as taking 2 million cars off the road
this is the day! We are making big moves! Glad to have you on board!
Not too late to join us at the Ward 5 straw poll
Charlie for President! Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight?
yes...Good. she is the head of hyd times
pianist powers the San Diego Symphony in a compelling, even revelatory, all-Liszt program
just posted up cool photos of a Soleus Watch, another Austin Based company to look out for.
What's the good word Feddie?
9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
What's the crime scene activity near Temple this morning? Roads blocked. Live trucks. Mobile CSU..
nigga that's disgusting!
She is soo cute & she looks just like him. Lol.
We will be announcing our director very soon!
A habit is repetitive behavior-
where can I find me one of them? ;)
anyone playing golf this weekend?
They all have "Private" FB's & then they had the FB they added fans to! Jamie can't take the stress!
no work tonight! Taking family out for #wisconsinfishfry bring on the
Me too. I was actually terrified until he got home.
Happy Birthday!
andreson cooper making fun out of polish ppl that wasn't cool at all It's like we would make fun out of american dressing upfor Halloween
Thank you Troy! I was just talking with a friend about how much I miss OKC! Hope you and your family are well.
Heading out to see Kevin Smith tonight? A handcrafted cocktail made by our #mixologist will start your evening out right.
Happy Birthday!!!! <3
If you're still in the market for a last minute mother's day gift, book mom a tour from the times available on our site. You're welcome!
are you in? “: I'm going to start replacing the word "now" with the word "meow" right... meow.”
haha fine no soup for you
“ Went on Facebook and seen some raggedy prom pictures. Sheesh. Busted and disgusted.”
Don't know how I feel about #hungergames. District 11 uprising scene was by far the best scene of the movie. Very well done. Terrible CGI
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Rodney O and Joe Cooley - But You Don't Hear Me Tho RT favorite old school west coast songs?
Home from church <3
interested in some free speechdom this sunday, 4/22 or 4/29? love to have you back before you leave our shores.
I'm sorry I guess I don't know simple algebra
If you haven't yet! Follow for updates on the tour!
delish no gluten no sugar cookies are now avail for celiacs Yes To Cookies.com we want to send you some David inventor
True story: I run to/from BART on a daily basis
"do not dismiss US' intervention in Africa in regards to natural resources and "supposed" terrorists"
#sfgiants pull off big win in the 11th vs #mbrewers!
Thanks to the superbowl and Wes Welker, Klout believes I are influential about New England Patriots. The internet is fun.
morning Keith!!
Us too! RT I'm saving my little bit of shopping for tomorrow. Small business Saturday. I was happy to pass up the packed malls.
Giving thoughts to the thoughtful.
Talking is a good, and unexpected start, but for #guru -dom #scotch and #polarbears will get you further here's looking at 20
Nearing the Big Bangs Decision of '09... stalking hairstyle photos online and popping my face into those virtual makeover tools.
Great event last night - thanks for hosting !
you think George Feeney and Wilson Wilson ever get together and drink, like "our neighbors suck"
Finding a key to paradise
Thanks for the follow!
Speaking of yard signs...
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.- Malcolm Muggeridge. (I have to think of this one)
RT 500 SC2 beta keys going to our biggest #SC2fan Told my son to pick up ANYTHING SC2 that he can get his hands on at BlizzCon
He likes her, she likes him, everyone knows. Except them. -_-
Real. What's been good and how's the line coming along?
Chinese takeout, a bottle of wine & Sex and the City...with my dog. This is what my life has become
Work in a min!!! I love my job
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
"Advertising was, is, and always will be, a result of people. Human beings. Creative minds that can uncover insights and then turn...
me too! In London at dinner in SoHo & Brit boys were going on about "A List" & TJ. I put 2 & 2 together & realized it was you!
Today was heeeella fun;D I really wanna join student council now.
Thanks for the mention, hope all is well with you!
You are the greatest thing, the greatest thing since bread came sliced
We are doing our usual ritual for celebratory brunches: homemade #chocolate chunk scones and cardamom
What happens in Vegas stays in your conscious.
"Stop and face your battles! If you run the problem only increases!" - Some guy getting chased by zombies
Estate Sales are the New Rock 'N' Roll says Get It Gone Estate Sales PPL --
And I own the store.
the Schedule C on free fillable forms is not calculating the first few line to get Gross Profit what to do?
Went to twice in the last two days because of bigotry & stupid boycott. Thanks to all companies that support equality
Henry Ian Cusick on #Fringe was the best thing I've seen since Henry Ian Cusick was on #Lost. 1 of the best episodes of #Fringe yet!
I wanna fishing... Whose DTF ??? lol
hey are you #newtotwitter or can you tell me how this crap works! Lol go vikes! Lol
I am the most un-flexible person you will ever meet.
For all you film/tech buffs, Cheftable will be filmed using a Cannon Mark 2
Congratulations on the award...couldn't possibly imagine anyone else in the league more deserving....
Love? Is everyone really looking for love?
i talked to the cutest guy ever.... ugh. i should have given him my number! damn! ive never been swooned over someone like this!
Love STRAP! Can I quote you in my dissertation???
How in the Hell can you try and sell USED manuscript paper? Does that even make sense?
I've seen girls at school worried to complain about much worse for fear of being ridiculed or dismissed. Our society has problems.
Heat/Knicks game
Thanks Paul #yeahwedo! RT : Happy birthday !! :)
we are happy to give to such an important organization. Thank you!
where the bo at in Vegas I kno u kno... And Wats marlon contact ??
WOOH. You hear the rain?
Yeah but 7th graders don't like to stop hating! :p
#AtNight I get a burst of energy. Kinda annoying. Kinda useful.
I'm so NOT ready to say goodbye to the bestest boss EVER, Michael Scott :(
looks like I got the OK for Chilton beer fest this Sunday. You?
are u watching in 2d or 3d? And imax?
We love #NYC too, that's why we live here ;-)
im not looking for a response actually im just enjoying talking to you xD. hit my facebook hun
those Epic Rap Battles of History are funny. I even made a request on a few of those vids for Colonel Mustard VS Colonel Sanders.
RT : MT : demoing #Genesyslab mobile solution at #gforceamer <<will Genesys post a video of the demo?...
RT : "Providing coupons is #1 reason fans follow a company in B2C. Providing content/education works best for B2B"
damn it I lost my phone... now Im fucking upset and shit
~ Hug a fireman, I just did ;)
Yeah, Black Veil Brides are gimmicky, but they love their fans and that's okay by me
I just signed up for a twitter account. THATcamp made me do it.
thanks! The whole crew made it happen though - great work all!
watching "Grown Folks" on Netflix....ahahhaha
I am really glad that they remembered a nose opening.
#askObama Ans 14: Privatization of schools? Every pubic investment pays off multi-fold. Need to get priorities straight.
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is Beyonce first mother's day
just knock them upside the head, then they'll listen! lol
Are you injoying the snow??(:!
Smiling extra hard ( :
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...10 days left until the party in Michigan!
I like him so much as to put him on top of the list;)
So glad you exist
Shopping for shoes with Nalani looking at heels She says "Mom I can fit size five women's"...
yey... snow! I think we are suppose to get a foot... awesome!
They're not all gold, people. And if they were, I would totally sell them. Have you seen the price of gold???
I don't understand why didn't win or why isn't in this years finale. #AmericanIdol you confuse me.
Honestly I'm bored ah. Just tweet me pics of yourself instead so I can just ship all of you then.. :P
That is our new lair, and we are pumped. We used to hunt for empty classrooms (most of which had great acoustics, btw!)
Giving him what he want isnt easy but I always give him wat he need
just saw ur tumblr, love it!
PRODUCERS!!! CONTACT US ABOUT YOUR PUBLISHING NEEDS
She waking me up talking bout she scared
as you and I well know, yardsigns are nothing to go by. I'm just looking at the overall direction of your tweets/actions.
If u trust yo girl or man then life will b easier for everyone
"if you dont say it in the streets dont say it in ya tweets, if you dont say it when we meet don't say it on a beat"
Patient alert and in good condition.
Hmm. I'll need to look deeper into my privacy controls. How was Startup Weekend?!
I hope you be happy *bHADD)
No school tomorrow yea going sleep all day :)
oh we definitely will!
We just got some new *Dixie Soda*
Aiight keep me posted bra.
Last year's restaurant week is when I discovered The Blue Fin in the W hotel (Times Square) AWE----some seafood!
I am awake, weather cooler, I caught up on some sleep. Back on my grind, on the money trail!!!!
is back on the reality train - yup, Winter is here. Feel that cold air!!
I heard some deep quotes today. Heads up if you see any on your TL.
Come check out our Adult drop-in classes today! Today's featured classes: Move your body with Adult Salsa or Reggaeton Hip-Hop!!
Not very gentlemanly
man u till going to michigan w/ me this weekend? Lol.
Manure in a healthy pasture (marriage) that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
out the shower
Good Morning. Bags are packed for next emergency. Sun, Moon, Wind etc,,
Congratulations to the team for receiving 's Innovation award!
Badgers had me worried for a while there. Up by 21 now with 8:30 to go.
I don't do much these days. But always good to remember tricks. Have a great weekend!
that is true, , everyone knows how much you like to get your burrito
thanks so much. you da man!
just got FB friended by slew of former NYC students who were in my class on 9/11...reminds me that school was a safe place for them & for me
So dissapointed in you, boy! Why would you do that? #subtweet! -_____-
NEW spring/summer menu rolls out tonight! EVerything looks so yummy and the Southwest Chicken Salad I just had was AMAZING
You're very welcome! Have a great weekend :)
and the show just uses the phrase "human centipede" - i cant.
Like!! RT : We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. Denis Waitley
how can I get it to you before this weekend?!
Happy birthday you sloppy pickle!
Kelly Clarkson tickets just past 4:45 today with the End of the Workday Giveaway. The game today is Liar Liar Pants on Fire!!! ~boomer
awesome man well we have a free lunch for you when you're ready. Just as for Mario. Thanks for being a customer
WHEN I GET HOME IM DOING MY RT'S FOR WHICH PERSON IN THE CREW YOU LOOK GOOD W/ + A PICTURE. RT >THAT< TWEET (:
I have a love-hate relationship with money. Usually hate because I never have any. But I'm working on a plan to move back!
No bullish... Only real conversations
Let me tell you how awesome it is to wake up and see my team on
hahahahahaha, i fucking wish. one small issue-i have 2 tons of homework to do still:|
Money is a commodity that is not to be coveted or squandered unwisely.Its value lies not in what it buys, but what is done with it to Bless.
I still cut up the plastic holders for six pack sodas.shows the power of the environmental message after 25 years
You didn't have to be close to smell his stench.
yeah if his woman bashing wasn't bad enough now he is bashing good music..shameful
WTF? Geezer next door sound like he's sucking the insides out of his foundation. Seriously strange, loud sounds...
Omg ruben blades is on 106 & park!!!!! This is so coo!! And he was dancing with rosci with her fine self
Hillsborough Titles owner, Aaron Davis, is going to be on the Duncan Duo Real Estate Show on WFLA970am Sunday morning at 10 am. Tune in!
just got around to reading newest post- so proud of their accomplishments, totally can relate to them and the journey, bravo!
you don't think so?
No #BeerDiplomacy tonight, as lost his voice...
The only thing missing from #SuperBowl halftime show is a bucket of pig's blood falling from the rafters in slow-motion.
Any bank can usually do it. Otherwise stop by my office. RT : Wheres the quickest place to get something notarized in MKE?
One more day of "work." So far in the first hour, the phone rang twice and we got coffee. That's about all the work that'll get done today.
Just Dance 3 was one of the best Christmas presents ever. Better than spending an hour in the gym!
#smokeweedeveryday just came on the car radio shutout to
Let's go Bucs!
how was your vaca?
Hey what's up ? You and your friends coming to the karaoke/spoken word show tonight at iLounge? 8pm. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATL
(jen) Spent the morning training my new assistant. It's always cumbersome at first, but then: DELEGATION BLISS.
Hustling ain't just selling drugs
Are you guys watching the X-factor today? A lot of beautiful and talented people out there!
I HATE being corrected. But it feels so damn good coming from
Quote taken
Had a Nice Work Out
We are almost to our first 100 Ranchhand registrations for summer 2011. Who will be number 100. We'll let you know!
Why am I so repulsed by Coachella 2013 announcements on Monday? Making me wish someone will die or break up before the show.
what song gets your blood pumpin when working out???
I don't understand why I'm up.
Females Are Strangers You Meet “Inside” The Club. Police Officers Are Strangers You Meet “Outside” The Club.
Toats gonna fail this math taks
So I got a letter from Kohl's saying I wasn't approved because I didn't have a credit score. Well duh, I'm only 20. #nocreditcards 😒
Went to kings island yesterday
I'm sitting behind the NJ Atty Gen. Jeffrey Chiesa. Maybe he wants to be friends & bond over Bon Jovi & Jersey Shore?
foreall!! Haha I can't stand any team in Oklahoma!!
Hey Mone ! Long time no talk to. Give us a shout when you are able. Hope all is well... glad to see you on twitter...
If you don't know Reignwolf, check him out and get on the bandwagon. He's only recording with Soundgarden's rhythm section, no big deal.
when you start singing "turkey in the straw" you know it is time to go home...open until 8pm tonight!
“: worked hard to change lots of old hat misconceptions about communication and co-production.”
