Happy Valentine's Day :)
Of course he missed. Dude didn't even bend his legs!?!
Gonna play golf with tiger woods..well the cuban version(victor novoa)
I don't need a religious version of a prescription. I don't need answers about the nature of God, the universe and eternity. How boring!
It should work beautifully for you, then. Hmm.
Spring is around the corner, and that means a new book! Our latest selection will be on shelves Mar 1. Any guesses?
I just sent you an email. Thanks for the reply!
Today is the first day of spring. Don't you feel like it was already here?
See if she'll clean up my room. Since she did the kitchen this morning
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will do anything for you!
I get no twitter love anymore :/ lol
Now at the tractor getting ready to listen to T-model ford. Probly be better than the mariners game.
Just implemented existing Epic mychart ap RT : Kaiser Permanente just made 9- Million EHR s available on line to the patients.
The moment that u'r hungry AF But u can't find shit in the fridge to eat, Ugh where are my cookies. *BAM* o right my parents took them >:(
#Badgers signed as NFL UFAs: Antonio Fenelus (Indianapolis), Aaron Henry (Oakland), Patrick Butrym (San Francisco), Kyle Wojta (Chicago) ...
out for a cruise
Oh! That terminal hack RT'ed has zork installed! Must. Resist. Playing. ... Open mailbox. Take leaflet.
#GoSpursGo survive a tough test as they stay undefeated on their rodeo road trip with an OT win against the Clippers- make that 10 in a row.
Well I can't sleep and no ones up
girl Ben and Jerry period is the bomb! I just had their frozen yogurt and that's was delicious!
Thanks for following! Where can we hear your latest music?
Angie’s List Plans to Raise as Much as $114.3 Million in IPO
TY :) U Too : hi ladies, wishing u a good week, order & cleanliness this week #BurgMYT”
Don't even try
To follow suit, I think I will have "Jura!" and "Epoisses!" tattooed on either side of my navel.
Grew up Fast
Just like America is loosing out on all the money being spent on fuel, taxes, and food while you line your pockets?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
just about 6ft.
back atcha man
Had a great acting rehearsal! My partner n I killed it as expected so stoked! We watched East of Eden & James Dean is officially my idol ;)P
lol yo we got some gansta coons ova here, you gotta bring a friend when you take the trash out
needless to say that I hate cockroaches, they are scarier than a GHOST. dammit I was sleeping :[
May is defiantely MY favorite month, so many birthdays in my family & friends + MINE!
If you accidentally curse out loud while saying your prayers, you should probably start over
I hope so too!
Get ready for TWEETFEST!
drafting a Safety in the first round @ 28 would be a mistake. Other areas of need that have greater depth.
omg I heard Mitt Romney is converting! YAY!!!!!!
Don't be Tardy for the Party! 🎉🎉 LOL I can't get this out of my head...
Awww. Now I feel bad that I killed some sasquatch. Well played Red Dead, Well played.
I went on a date with a poser
Amazing show tonight! Thank you!
. : The only thing Chris Christie has been any good at is boosting New Jersey's buffet-based economy.
everything is going good abaut to start school soon
After returning from just a few days away I've found myself in RSS feed hell. Special thanx to #hackernews #slideshare and
Photo of panel: Keeping Social Media Real & Organic at
SOTU was very entertaining when paired with the twitter feed.
you're amazing. we love you so much<3
Just sort of a general, clubby, lux brand obsessed type guy... well, this is embarrassing. Sorry to bother you.
I think you've been hacked.
I'm feeling this is directed at me...
Come on, Mom! That valet was wearing a Celtics jersey, you know we can't beat them :(
We're in New Smyrna Beach getting stoked. You should be here!
I just miss you, and want you by my side.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho Who they hate to be around
what u mean WE kimosobie!
I responded! :) and I'll DM you my #
My only worry is that the stress of the busy workday will put me in a cranky mood and I'll be a jerk in the interview.
RIP David Broder
Glad to see that many of you will be visiting our booth at the #NAGGL conference in October. It will be great to meet all of you!
Everyone should go make a Keek because they are super fun and followand subscribe to
History, let's do this..
Twilight's been open for 45 minutes already! Happy Hour till 8! Tonight's Special: Fried Calamari w/ Lemon Garlic Aioli....$7!
Anyone know what channel the #bulls game is on? Chicago Comcast apparently sucks.
How to make librarians groan: Tell them your department wants students to use an in-house citation style.
Thur App Special: Moroccan Spiced Sea Scallops with Toasted Almond Mixed Herb Couscous & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
jacob has the worst ideas
Thanks for getting Kitty in today on short notice! Wonderful staff!
Sergio thanks for the RT.
Seeing my phone on 3% with no charger around is that hurt
Olive Garden for the first time since 8th grade prom <3
with proper planning for sure!
Valentines Day is a good time of the year to be single lol
Im tryna help ppl launch their clothing lines hit me upp shoutout to all my followers rt retweet
... Exquisite craftsmanship!
heard you're in town. If you have any free time I'd love to catch up. Hope you're well.
Thank you for asking. My son's prom was great...the pre-prom photo op-memorable. Check Facebook. See you at
Working with Green Screen, Teleprompter, and a really bad cold. The show must go on!
thanks very much for the mention. Greatly appreciated. Just subscribed to your Wine Daily. Cheers!
I'm salty Twitter won't let me log in on a desktop or laptop. And my Hotmail won't let me either.
Rereadng "art & fear". What you need to know in your next piece is contained in the last piece.
Thanks for the mention Marla.
it is isn't it? I couldn't resist asking u about the ending...so many people had different reactions.
Go from making $80K to $120K! We'll show you how to market, sew in weaves, make invisible wefts & make lace wigs. Email
follow for a follow anyone? or a shoutout?? <3 thanks love evryone!
Check out Traildance Awards Ceremony streaming on UStream! will be live soonish!
Directions are pathetic. Do they not realize that 1Direction wouldn't even be there if it wasn't for Big Time Rush. I'm so pissed off.
at first I was sad the tone deaf vids were short...that feeling changed. Wow. Wince.
We are now selling fiberglass insulation! Prices are great! Compare us to the competitor, lower prices AND better service
Thanks for the follow, Heather.
Who was at our set yesterday at RockSprings Church!?
RT Lamp Mode Recording Presents:Hazakim Theophanies album release party! Hip Hop event 6/27 7pm catering by
"Fish Pump" is now my 2nd fav poker term. 1st is "Chipwrecked," which is what happens after being up 2 buy-ins & leaving down 4.
I should be on one.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! 😉😘
James call me this weekend. Let's get lit
oops! fixed!
HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me
As of 1/1/12, North Dakota no longer requires the debtor’s social security number or Federal Employer Identification Number on UCC filings.
alright Feli, see you !
I'll be there too!!
Flatstock 29 starts TODAY! in Austin - FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
the cuts to out of school programs are destroying opportunities. We need your help- the Hardy 8th grade kids?
my phone blows up with tweets from haha. That always makes me smile and laugh.
Ban from #CourtsideSeats not fair at all . This is a free country right ? Wake up Wade
Sir Paul McCartney is performing with full rigor. He is almost 70 years old. Unbelievable.
oh ok cool. I'm still in the D. You in OKC?
Thank you, Elizabeth for adding #value to our Systems & Design Thinking course on Tuesday.
It is going to be pure awesomeness! ;)
<-- Dallas, large global call centers, Strategy and Innovation team. Educating myself in this space (Hello All)
C'mon IU let's finish it...
I love you ❤
Jimmy Fallon reminds me of Ted Mosby.
Wow! What a week! Special event tomorrow...1-4 p.m. See you here!
I cannot wait for you to wreck Lauzon in the land of the east. Rep 414 and return victorious!
Good bkgrnd, but more intervention wud only b worse - Dimon is a protected puppetmaster. Do you watch RT - CapAccount or KeiserRpt?
it's unbelievable how many dumb asses there are in this world :p
My budget unfortunately is tiny, so big shopping bags are doubtful but there will be gift(s) for you Nigarrr
What could be better than goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
there are always upsides right? this weekend I have missed my family/the west a lot too!
give me some audio, if you want to be a DJ I might be able to help
Dear God, please be nice to me today and help me get noticed and followed by the beautiful Jasmine:) Amen!
Wow. No Woman No Cry right after I and Love and You. Good job spectrum
bwaaaaa ha ha ha ha....I still wanna know though.... #lowkey LMAO
RT : We sure are excited! We're thrilled to be part of the La Cienega Design Quarter!
So I'm just gonna say it and risk it: and are really good looking!
Changing the wallpaper of one of our computers because it is a picture of a hot dog and it constantly makes us want to eat one. Bad news.
i have no idea. im a terrible nba expert. i just watch the clippers mostly and then i bag on the lakers haha.
DRAMA: You say you hate it, so why do you create it? You say you don’t need it, yet you continue to feed it!
Thank you to for always being an "Inspirational Woman" and supporting breakfast !
jorge: 1:26am just lost power here. shutting it down for a bit.
Don't waste time looking at the hill -- climb it.
I thought you had to go to that work thing
I can soo do that!! just not on Saturday's!! :-)
Via for Oct '11 "184M US net users watched online video / avg of 21.1 hrs per viewer / total US audience viewed 42.6B videos" Wow!
#autism RT : Dolphins owner Steve Ross' generous contribution helps Autism Speaks dinner raise record $1.3mm in NYC tonite.
I've thought I've seen the same, but monthly proceeds #s don't bear that out. More likely decreased compliance.
people are foolish
in my presence herb will be A1.. Im appalled
no problem! Love your music and I know our listeners will also
aad me on Facebook email:
i love eating nutella sandwiches.
It's almost #HIMSS12. We're looking forward to seeing our great customers and #HITsm and #HealthIT friends. We'll be at booth 4041.
One thing is for sure, the Southern University fam will not let their system go down without a fight! We are with you
Wendy's fries dipped in ketchup then Frosty, baby approves!
tonight was season 2 episode 3 so, lucky you, you need to watch season 2 epsiode 2 online - will give you more frame of reference.
Hello, we received a message from you and would like to know who should I contact please.
Excited abt taking a research fellow position at the Center for Connected Health in Boston, examining ICT in health care.
Wish I could be there. So proud of you twinsie!
and myself at #chalet for some #oldstyle and
Y am I blocked by ppl I don't even know
obvi! are you team peeta or team gale?
Awe. Some. Awesome! :)
get prepared.
Ugh... This cold is bugging me now. Second time in a month. I teach snotty little kids guitar lessons... It's my own bloody fault.
why can't I ever be as popular as you?
Hey, Halloween's just around the corner: "Trick or Twiglet"! I'm a Twiglet millionaire, and I'm MISERABLE about it.
#FF enjoy your weekend kittens!
I can't, you're not following me! ::sad face:: But I'm interested!
Merry Christmas everyone!
damn worked out for over 3 hours today
it's where all the coaches come together to learn about new products and celebrate accomplishments.
Well, we have zero book budget, so I just request, cross my fingers, and hope they show up one day.
I like Ensiferum but Amon Amarth stomps them and beats them with Thor's hammer.
you need to incorporate some alcohol into your workout vids hahahaha
Just reached 700 Thanks for following me, I pray it will be worth your time for I know following you guys will be worth every second for me!
has taken the stage here in Richmond, KY!!!!! Killin' it!!!!
how's the GA search going?
Can never let your guard down with #LAUSD!
"Disorderly House" would make a great book title
forgot to add the very important #howisthatarealjob?
FUMBLE! Beavers jump on the loose ball!
now i'm sucked in to browsing all sorts of excellent discussions like "Why do most public toilet doors open inwards?" Great site.
Anyone encountered the tall, sweet incessant man that plays Beatles songs on his guitar st. subway transfer btw F & 1/2/3 trains?
sorry for your loss...may you cherish the good memories you have, and remember the good times to get through this sorrow
FOLLOW ME LOUIS!!!!
thanks, glad you are enjoying it!
We have our own study coming out on this subject. Good points but misses several key elements.
We think so too. It's genius!
Lakeside Carwash -- we have a vast variety of air fresheners but they all smell like baby powder.
Being outside > studying
#TheVoice i will never understand why Juliet simms didn't choose Adam Levine he was singing along and everything!
Done with rough cut for Monsters Under the Bed. I think I will have to reshoot a scene.
Social conservatism makes me heart-sick. :-/
I love you so much. You're so inspiring!! Plz RT! It would mean a lot!
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ... coincidence?
Wallahi that bitch ass girl can go to fucking HELL
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
o hope they no I was playn!
This Saturday I have a competition. I am very excited!!
I don't know about you guys but my 2011 seems to just be one colossal failure.
Just drew the coolest face on my stomach
...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan
I'm so hungry and I don't want to do this speech #distracted 📝📖🎥👎
It's kinda fun to 'spy' on on O while she's at daycare.
Oct 28 #1970 : US and USSR agree to discuss joint space efforts. Oct 28 2011 : 2nd night of AR Gurney's #CHILDREN!
In essence - employees ARE the company...their collective voice personal or otherwise IS telling the story!
#TeamAnthonySpears :} you know you wanna follow me.
No school tomorrow or sunday!
Keep upt the good work man!!
HaHa--we are talking snow, right??
What an honor it was to be your first US gig and the only US acoustic show - it was exquisite! Thanks!
you should always keep your friends close and you enemy even closer its crazy in life you can never quickly determine one from the other
Catching up on a month's worth of / T-Foster podcasts while writing ... some of these rants are pure gold.
No one even cares.
Not to slack off on other award winners at #hhawards but I can't spell their names! Oops! You can read about them in tomorrow's
I always creep on your page.
planning a tour of national parks in the U.S. camping and volunteering...
true, i was hoping potus would do some sangin - i'm not a fan of the fallon show to begin with, so i have low expectations
“: I love you guys so much <3” we love you too Alex<3
I agree and mine !!!
Believe you can and you're half way there!
"My memory is so bad" " how bad is it?" "how bad is what?"
don't eat me
Grown men trying to bum rides off women they don't know. Me politely saying "hello" doesn't mean you know me, k.
nevertheless...that's awesome...I'm a huge fan of motorsports of all kinds..enjoy the rest of your day!
i woke up in a good mood (:
1 of the #SOPA sponsors is @ this conference. Do I throw a shoe or Tonya Harding him w/my cane?
me too!! btw did you change your 'name' here?
nature's light show is over
Thankful for my kids, too, of course, and lots of supportive people who've taken me right where I was, and loved me anyway.
Public comment going on right now for #FatCityLofts project...about 60/40 against the 232 apartment units, 4,485 SF of retail space.
Sad I missed the final game of the NBA season. I was making chocolates with the girlfriends. Sports > chocolate
I HATE RED-LIGHTS!!!!
the regular...it was cheaper haha
I wish I had someone to physical fight with! My anger would all be out by now!
did you win foldin' money?
CSR Launches Industrys Most Highly Integrated Processors for Printers, Scanners and All-In-Ones
Oh you flatter us! "Love this team and this product. The most thoughtful behaviour change tool I think there is." Thank you!
BE who you are didnt listen what people want you to be. Be who feel more like you. :)
Let's go Penguins!
Had up ass shaking like a stripper , ha !
#euopenhouse Finland was my favorite and then UK!
im in the bay area too wat part?
You are hella beautiful
hey I just sent u a request on Fb. Check out my clothing line and maybe soon we can hook up a photshoot since u so BAD. Lol
I agree with you.
lemme work on puttin my project team together... I don't do real work no mo
But I'm totally projecting all my trust issues on him. Lol.
Gotta love the late call from TV teddy. Never fails.
Haha its not birthday, but thank you! And I'm following you already:)
sweet- I will check them out tonight? Is this a new band?
I wouldn't make a very good criminal because everyone seems to remember me wherever I go. No matter how long it's been.
F*CK YOU guy in the green shirt, you f*/;king Colts fan!!!
Adults-only Gaga gig rocks Seoul
We've got a facebook! ^__^ www.facebook.com/allurae
I agree. My boys loaner IS has bright white DRLs -_- 😒
Great EHR and HIT content !
Cooking pizza
Wondering if will debut the new baby at the parade. There will already be a babysitter there for Wes, right? ;-)
Right?! What's next, Fifty Shades of Grey?
I'm in
I am working on a contract now where the company pissed off their engineers and the all left (or so I am told). What a mess.
my twitter feed, in concentrate: Cariou v. Prince, Ai Weiwei, Ai Weiwei, pinterest, Cariou v. Prince, museum-museum, pinterest, Ai WeiWei
Few understand thinking, reasoning as a human prerogative. No other species is blessed with this faculty.
its a long story.. i got shot twice... got surgery and went into a coma
Just got the full version of what you texted me about and yes... I threw up a litt... not gonna lie... Have fun with that!
fer what??
On the phone with and just so knows to stop tweeting me. :)
Welcome to Twitter! I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do. Also am glad to have another way to keep in touch.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout everybody runs to that one area.
1st chance to really break down internal barriers #KYF2 and focus x-functionally on
I think your tweets are set to private you can probably change it under settings
I tried to make it through the day today without saying "Just" at all. I made it to 10:49 AM.
haha yeah, watch the first one. Its
should've come to Five Guys in BK
Our Postings Reflect Real Xperiences, However Your Visit Should Be Unique, So Pls Allow Us To Customize 4 You.
Raven stay on facebook
I'm at the second act break of my sci fi script and I think I'm gonna throw out my planned third act and see where my characters take me.
Hello Chicago!
The ending of #BlackSwan ALWAYS gets me.
Music Industry Designs upgrades your image with websites, logos, business cards & more!-Contact Us Today 215-666-8397
Can you follow me,OnceAponAGrande sent you a message,Umm...? It would mean the world to me!
Nothin like working on labor day
Had a great time writing with Carolyn Dawn Johnson last night!!!
#rush to make the plane. Crazy night in Sobe, now off to
GO. THE FUCK. AWAY
getting money from getting that money music..fuck that
I just saw outside...eating my bandwidth.
I don't if its by Cody Simpson :D
yes I'm talking to you?
#TwoThingsIWant something REAL,& A better relationship with god himself.
I just had a dream about eating broccoli. Lame.
At a school district where collecting items 4 the Christmas Neighbor program has faculty kissing a pig as reward 4 getting over 2K items
Not drinking enough? RT : Why does insist on randomly unfriending people?
haha yeah I know what you meant. & ewww that was gross...
Off 2 Zurich via train 2day, will visit Beat Kennel, then din-din with Bulach friends. Back in the USA on Mon, & picking up my new Caddy!!!!
I wish would get here so we could watch Parks & Rec! GOD I MEAN REALLY.
do we need to hve a counseling group ?
My pleasure, absolutely love your insightful tweets. Thank you! many ways of contribute i'll pm you all the details.
The Avengers was pretty amazing. Hope that got a buncha people pumped for comics.
U have the thinking of someone who believes the #media on their #TV -youre SO wrong. #Russia = trying 2 protect #Syria from
well, I'm gonna be a busy bee this summer. Pun intended.
The hit parade is on!!!!!!! Go have a beer Josh. Tee time at 8am
I think it's back up now!
Life is the bitch; and death is her sistahh; sleep in thA cousin; what ah fuckinqq family picture♥
Ooohhh yeah...gotta dig down deeper......love this song....itzzz stuck in my head...LOVE YOU
Indiana wants to know were u at !!!!!!!!
lets go see the raven tomrrow night !!!
hey hey. Trying to find a good date for the
Playing Words With Friends. Almost tried to play "OPACY" as a word. #Orioles #openingdayyet?
At work as usual...Its a good day!
AT&T U-Verse is not compatible with Macs, but they won't tell you that until after you cancel.
Gate checking first class bags while the FA uses F bin space for personal bags on the A321? Seriously ? Happened on 2 flts in row.
A pleasure meeting in person today w/
I swear to god... I went to the mall yestrday, (In Fl.) I swear I saw you..... This guy looked just like you....
I liked it too and thought it was awesome. I like to be entertained. I don't go to superhero movies for deep thoughts and such
ok we will take a lemonade instead!
Super fun improvised comedy callback 2day!
I love waking up early and going to eat breakfast with
Kamen p'wnd by the realities of resource dependence.
Confession-"and forgive us our debts"
"I'm begging you to be my escape."
bahaha i aint had mr heros in a minute
Friend: "I hope you burn in hell." Me: "I hope you step on a lego in the dark!" Friend: *gasps* "Take that back!"
yes, very inspiring. New meaning to the smell over in North Las Vegas. Multi millions of dollars of smell.
Early bed for jaclyn. Im too tired.
or a burrito, taco, enchilada, or perhaps a fajita , but uh... What's Canada bringing to the table? Crumpits and tea?
$5,000 reward offered in cat poisoning cases in Santa Fe. Details at www.apnm.org
yeah! you go, girl. :) cheers and happy holidays to you, too!
how'd u get dust514 code?
Thank you everyone for such a successful weekend! Love this place!!!
Thought-Should Joe have bought in Rapada to pitch to Joyce after save was blown? DRob now lost now for two days!
FINALLY WATCHING THE SEASON FINALE OF DESPERATE HOUSWIVES. 😖😰😭👎 goodbye to my favorite show.
My Following number is going down and my Followers number is going up, all while I've been signed off for days. Did I miss something?
Always proud to support such an amazing charity
Cant close my eyes
Whats up with these may showers?
just got home!
I usually drink it warm
hey follow back?
: Enjoying PARIS IN LOVE. I share your taste in museums!
kick game comes in different flavors
gotta think D's have another route planned here. Lawsuit/other maneuver to force delay? Or maybe kill it and extend 1603 & PTCs?
yea , im bored !
hey!!!! Hope to see u! How did the prez go?
Fuck. That was dumb.
FURIOSITY is on ITUNES!!!
HEY IM WATCHIN IT WITH U TOO!!! scariest movie eva!!!!!
When do we get to hear #Coast2Coast?
Just give it some time
Thanks for sharing this man. Appreciate ya
Good morning folks!
#Linernotes.....what a great night!! great crowd, great energy!!!
If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said that it'd be easy, they just promised it would be worth it
Shit ain't funny. You ain't gotta love me
- How ya doin' over there? :)
hm, it does answer a lot of questions tho :P it does tho!
Strasburg* my phone actually auto corrected that last one wth? Lol
while your talking behind my back, feel free to kiss my ass.
New SPRING MENU starts tonight! (think Deviled Eggs, Greek Meatball Sub, return of the Binkert's Corndog, and much more...)
I'm moving back. I'm leaving fgcu.
I would like my legacy to be teaching the masses that "anyways" isn't a word.
SXSW + Saint Patrick's Day = SHEER INSANITY
Psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
At National Autograph convention in Pasadena!
Excuse me, Ms. Dion!
"imma make you shine bright like you Layin in the snow...brrr" THATS SO HOTT JUSTIN!!;)
I'm just about to sign out of the other account on this dumb ass Twitter app...
Watching friends with benefits with the fam
Oh how I wish I had a and a to have a big drink with me at the new spot....where my girls at !!!? I know, working...
Making my craft list.. caged in for hurricane #Irene = lots of time to be crafty! #wedding #etsy fun :)
Go follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
Today will be an annoying and boring day.
I do lol I love sleeping, I have a dark hooded figure in my room, I've had it since I was 6 lol it's a ghost-like thing LOL
Another successful morning in the studio writing worship music w/ !
That's the truth. Dead on, Jason. Keeping it in perspective. Dead on. RT : We need more Tim Tebows in sports.
Hello--catching up with the real world today! Creative community? Well, I'll be next door to DH and his car project LOL!
Huh love??? Don't forget my meds have kicked in!! lol
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 274
History repeats itself, i'm an OF soldier.
": Despite her childish looks, a #Scorpio female is a real woman with a free soul."
it seems that u r having great time with ur brahs ;)
drake is one of the coldest rappers besides kanye west
We are making progress!!!!
Does anybody else spend all of their free time watching Aaron Rodgers' highlight videos? #justme?
Q. What did the advertisement of the Yoga teacher searching for new students say? A. "Inquire within"
1 fried drumstick is roughly 200cals YUCK!
its either very funni or very sad when people r supposely blind(stupid) by love (sigh)
BTW, if you're interested in cultural or socio economics, you might swing by ASSA to check us out. It's a pretty substantial list this year!
oh no! We didn't say hi! I was there too. :)
Used my HRM for the 1st time on a run today & it shows my calorie burn as WAY lower than I thought it would be...by like 150 calories. Huh?
does milwaukee change its tune on tuni? probably not, but that was huge.
I missed the #creatures video premiere by !! Damn it! I'm very pissed..UGH!
44 Is G
or downing's stat of 0 goal 0 assist
Hash tag, number sign, tic tac toe board. Whatevs.
Not sure I'll catch it live. Do you know when they'll post audio on their site?
RT : Growing up, HeMan was my favorite after school comic to watch- so it's extra cool they had Skelator do the Halftime show
Glenn I emailed you 2Yrs ago that the 1933 emergency Powers Act. of FDR is still in effict so why don't you look innto it first
I will say that this sandwich is fockin amazing. I missed u
Happy National Shrimp Day!
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection. Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
You are a good man, Corey Smith.
“: If you fear rejection, get a job trying to hand out free samples at the mall food court, problem solved!”
Great sound! Just added a new station to Pandora "Sonos Radio" Looking forward to hearing more.
shut up!
The house always seems to get cold around this time
can sing at my wedding and funeral #Fan Fan Fan
Its a great day to make the world a better place! Tomorrow lets start judging by values not value.
You are not my friend mommy, you're my best friend.
I'm pretty sure I need a breakfast drink.
FYI, I fixed the line breaks so that the posts in my website repository are easier to read on github.
being a Os fan means fantasy baseball! Let's get your top 5 at each position fantasy wise
Big Ben's hat is paining me more than the loss.
I'm calling the police!
Crawling into bed with bug spray still on my body
Enjoy Austin! One of my favorite cities.
That actually made me laugh out loud. Im d to play
: who was that girl #Katie ya'll were talking bout this morning? that was TOO funny ^_^
I cant wait for school to be over ;)
lol i bet
-- the startup, not the band -- Love the logo. When's the t-shirt available? Seriously.
I balanced all, brought all to mind The years to come seemed waste of breath A waste of breath years behind In balance with a life, a death.
I lost one of my shoes at Cheap Thrills.
i found another gem
yea...after i already knew...smh lol
CEO Sheldon Adelson: Your customers want online #poker licensed in the US. Please support licensing & regulation.
You definitely shouldn't follow the owner because his tweets are awful and you definitely don't want to know what he's up to
Little lost hipsters...
You know is a joke when their update today was about their own stupid contest and never mentioned
grateful dear extremely grateful
when she takes the camera focus of her boobs & on her face, she really isnt that attractive.
When you do, contact me. I work for the biggest plaintiff's employment-discrimination firm in Arkansas.
"Daddy issues"
#newplay yes. But want immediate reflection to be dangerous. I confess my interest in #occupy plays is safe engagement
i wasnt was i?
The Oscars is the only of the major award shows that comes even close to getting it right, and they nailed this one. Congrats, "The Artist."
Why is there ALWAYS some kind of dental professional on The Bachelor?! Is this any indication of where I'll end up if I pursue dentistry?
you never text me ! :/
what about beginning teachers with little resources to draw on?
Hey #Chicago what shopping local mean to you?
Nope, not over yet.
Home from DC. Well, not quite. In the office now, but heading out at noon. Early flights are rough.
RT - NFL UPDATE - The Jacksonville Jaguars have sold enough seats to their home game against the Tennessee Titans to ...
OOH KENNY U A DAMM LIERR FOLKS IM BEATIN HIS ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
5000 business cards for $90.00 today and tomorrow.
im grown I do wat I want!
you are doing many things right! (lol) One is sharing your important message in your book, Nice Girls Just Don't Get It!
Wow, I must of been tired when I tweeted that...Let me know how you like #Fireworks NOT Firefox. LOL
#letsberealistichere the mustache makes you look like a pervert. Shave that shit!
you'll need yo go to the gym right now I just got back back and I'm catching up with you'll
Anybody got those red/wht retro 14 size 11 for sale???
"I'm pretty sure it's not safe for us to drive to in and out...no it's cool I have my glasses " convo between and myself
haha I hope so - i dont know if i can deal with
Nothing cleans the colon like some oakland gyros with extra hot sauce
wahhhh no love. kidding, love you more!
RT : For me, I think it was about 6 months from that point until I sold my car. (NB is cheaper and has...
Previews & discussion leading up to AAC&U Gen Ed & Assessment next week in New Orleans? Looking forward to it!
one of my followers!
Upsetting to hear about robbers in Escondido killing a little dog at a home they hit. Police say it's part of a series of crimes... News8
**Slots open April 27th and 28th, hit me up! **
Salt Water Taffy(: yeah(:
Check out tons of photos & more on our facebook page at "Slyder Football" and please "like" us if you can.
ooVoo. now. James is willing to help.
What is the difference between regular and ultra grade airsoft guns? target :)
I'm trying to remember when it was - early 00's?. It was fantastic. You could play until you got a ? wrong, getting $.5 each time
Man riding bike in Lebanon robbed
You're 13. You smoke, you're not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud.
And let the fun begin! Just boarded the Cardinal at Cincinnati to Chicago - Janice is taking care of the sleeping car passengers
FACT OF THE DAY: WOMEN DON'T LIE THEY JUST AVOID THE TRUTH ANY WAY POSSIBLE. SHE THINK SHE #SLICK HA'
Somtimes i wish they would die
I know right, one time my flight was late by 2 hours, i mean 2 flippin hours!!!
": #NOTSC #Saints coach Sean Payton signed a one year deal to become paper towel spokesman for Bounty: The Quicker Picker Upper."
there are plenty but check who sponsors are so you can tell who is woth it. is woth it.
agreed, it's interesting to see how well they are doing, right?
Talking to my PT...What ya up to?
oh great to hear, didnt realize you were back!
love is pain & pain is love
I despise PHX... how the f*ck is this game tied.
Ol' sucka ninja, always rappin, cake making ol' jive turkey foo...
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (heabt)
finally social networking I understand!
Congrats to to being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
i used to use goog docs, and switched to dropbox. works really well for me
I want it to be august
I love you too Michelle Schwab <3
Follow me on instagram
How do you stop students from getting distracted by links? Say read it through first, then back to links. But will they do that?
It's a Beautiful Morning! Aw, let's take a walk outside in the sunshine! Have a Fantastic Day! :)
Thanks Christine!
sold on rstudio
Wanna try something new...
admit it. We all love homosexual porn cinemas. .
my stomach needs to get back to houston soon for a vacation from my vacation.
Forgive me. I meant the "Fighting Blanks," not the Bison.
Thanks. Now I HAVE to stay up late to read/watch it. You ruined my #beautysleep schedule!
Feel better!!!:)
It already has. I have distribution. I'm going to be able to return to the WRP universe any time I want.
#Paterno & #Cain prove Edwin Edwards right:The only way I can lose an election is if I'm caught in bed with either a dead girl or a live boy
Okay with Clifton out of the mix what is GB game plan for his position?...since Clifton even with a bum back was their best OL..
At work. Having a great time boo yah
At branding seminar. Only way I recognized Corp of Engineers in "guess the brand" was because they are big on Twitter!
confirming two hot artists this week...tune in
Mondo Cane
I got next!
rainy first real day of summer in st. louis = 2 farmer's markets (!!) and best grilled cheese ever
love that film -- Strathairn is amazing. how is the florida sunshine treating you? 40's in chicago this weekend!
Just left Sanctuary in Chicago. What a great place. Thanks Marty.
Awesome! Thanks!
tommorow goin be a sad day
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Jamison will be there.
A tradition unlike any other. A great Sunday at the
"However if it is about $$$, at least bring more to the table than looks... Oh well, to each her own."
OMG ive been trying to be noticed for years by ! when will that day come? mabye after im done watching the movie today? #NSN!
RT : With gas prices this high who wouldn't want to win a family vacation?! Enter LEGO® Travel Adventure Challenge:...
man nvm i not excited about the new COD Black ops 2 trailer i can already tell from the whole technology they have it. the games gonna blow
Just changed my Desc, It Might help more people to learn about me. =)
Did u guys enjoy #RAWTonight ???
Congratulations to on winning the John H. Chafee Environmental Award. Making #NM proud!
Gingrich is going to be where my dad & cousin work. Not that I care about him, but my family might be in the background shots!
RT : I've a feeling my wallet is about to get a bashing...same here....worth it though
I can almost feel the pounds pile on from this holiday break... LoL
uptown Dallas, the crowd is getting crazy! Hook'em
yo, DM me a proper email to communicate properly with ya. Not sure if the one I got works - Mendez
Can I hit it in the morning without giving you half of my dough and even worse if I was broke would you want me?
thank you!
great night at Expo5! Again OVW delivers top notch for bottom dollar!!! True wrestling fans follow me and I will follow you!
I wish I knew more people who understand what I do.
Oh i'd love to! Ready? (;
absolutely. Best to get a pair you love and live in and spend a bit more on them.
ah I knew it. Hit me on the hip.
I need to start making my own smoothies at home. I don't even remember the last time I used my blender.
When are we gonna be on GOOD MORNING AMERICA?!? Coaches have hold me "You'll see it when you believe it."
just follow me! RT for that good ol' follow
Amazing night tonight. I met with a old friend tonight, just amazed how as time flies bye, good friendships never die to share life n dreams
Maryland now up 8-6 with 4 mins to go.....what avery great game. Hopkins owned the 1st half, but Maryland has Dominated the 2nd.
Melo will clutch it again
hhhhmmm gotta try it
One of these days when is free (and is fuggin with me), we will make some alternative music. It will dope
Finally home, another 12 hour day
Thank you cards 24-48 hours after say important things about you
talking halle berry and donkeys
A rasberry Iced tea sounds really good right now......
Watching the sun rise..
WHERE KENYON AT?!?
Kids these days. No respect for there parents. If that was me I would get a smack in the mouth, TO lmao..
Hey Portland.....how's that Oden pick working out for u?
They brought back "avatar: the last airbender" bur its called "the legend of korra" now :D super happy!!!!
Glad to see you've been to more countries than I have, . I think I've only made it to 18....gotta work on it! Tks 4 the follow!
Just landed in Miami! By the end of the day I'll be home again :)
did you almost forget it was #SEXUALWEDNESDAY??
Yeah, they have a cool thing going on. What do you like? I can make a recommendation. Anything I can do to support them.
i'll admit it, i'm excited for season 7 of KUWTK. #waitwhat?
your crew is ready!
Based on TV in Kentucky, BULLY is taking the south by storm.
To Work I Go.
Not now since Newt just got secret service protection. It'll be awkward if they show up for duty and newt quits.
Fundraiser tonite from 6-8pm at ! Email for details!
Having a piece of mine premiered 4/13 (Friday) at St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Highland Park, Pittsburgh. Downbeat is at 8. Seeya there!
this chick pretty
Spurs in 4, Thunder in 5.
You're welcome. Always happy to help in the NYC restaurant journey. Feel free to reach out at any time.
If tno laws, it seems a question of acceptable risk.The state decides some places, family elsewhere
G'Nitersz , hope yu had a gud note despite the complications...hmu.
Making 3 customized vans and crying coz you won't be able to get them for at least 7 months
I might say the same for USC grads :-) RT : Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.”
Okay I can't sleep fuUuuuuuu
that explains so much haha no wonder I don't remember the night
RT : 45% of twitter's 230 million tweets day originate from mobile - michael Abbott
How many kids whose families can afford the PPV price do you think would actually want to be professional fighters?
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Mardi Gras continues with Chicken Gumbo....and Bacon Blue Burgers
worship was great!
When you were having sex with him all he did was giggle at your boobs. Lmfaolmfao tff
saw a double-header of: "La Voix Humaine" and "Paggliacci" - the first one wasn't great, but the second was lovely
Come to Linneman's now! RIGHT NOW!! ROCK!!!
List making is time consuming.
can't wait for Friday!!!
cannot wait! Rod Stryker!
Up all night, tired all day. tomorrow will NOT be fun.
follow me?(:
SHARING IS CARING MY LOVE
Now the next and the backbone step, is to dig out for the right talent
I spy and on the big screen during the DPLA keynote at
Landed in an's VIP suite at beer fest a beer that tastes like white wine
An iPad 2 to every incoming student in the new MA program--one way to encourage hands-on thinking about platform.
she chooses the vampire of course. Why on earth would she want a dog.
that concert was FANTASTIC!!!
#freshmeat jack whitehall's actually quite funny, who'd have thought it!
Hopefully this crowd picks up here or I may consider trying to move down and get a closer vantage point! Come on Cavs fans!
Yeah yea this is how we kick it, love it when yo kick it, wish that we could do this all the time...
I'm getting really tired of hearing my own voice on that Stitcher promo. Anyone else feel like recording a new version for me? - Mike
HEY! WAIT! I got a new complaint.
Randy Ready? Really?
sometimes its lonely to live a state of only 600,000 people. very spread out you know.
the 50 round yoppa clip remind u of a curly fry, when i reveal this long ass gun man ima have the world surpised,
I love you. Just thought I should let you know (:
It's an impressive asemblage of librarians here iin my meeting with Random House.
I have and hope you have too!!! Thanks girl!!! Xo
well of course. How long have LAL been in the league? Only 1 team has more. Nothing to do with the present or future
see u in the AM
Grt news 4 the museum world. Congrats on ur NY fellowship --u deserve it!! Let me know u have a w/end to sneak away to Chicago
Mexican bakery is replete. It's Mexican mother's day and I'd forgotten. Oops.
stop in chicago will ya!
Omg... So excited for your album ! :)
thanks! Hard to sleep during the day tho. ;)
Hi White Strings Records.. Its great to be following you on Twitter.
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo I take a shower before I go to the gym.
Not gonna lie. Dominos has definitely stepped up their game. Still not gourmet but almost as good as Papa John's.
Welcome back to the excitement!
My managers gonna hit you back in the e-mail we needa talk about something else
Hi Doug! What is your exact date? Is it an exact reprint?
which tim? Got two cuzins named tim. This ewing tim rite?
A late Valentine's Day love story. Rebekah found true love. How did it go wrong? www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page today for comments.
Cam newton court side in all suns gear yeah!!!
Is there a plato's closet in el paso? If yes, can someone take me?
: when I get up make sure I take my phone.. : when I get up make sure I leave with you.
Are you still having issues with your desktop client?
So many awesome things happening for friends. So happy. Hard work pays off! Get to have some much needed Chris time tonight. #bringit!
Okay i wanna drink who wants to?
your a pure badass!
I'll have to check it out! Thx!
Up late workin on #NFG designs for warped tour & listening to #transplants. Some of my friends sell records, Some of my friends sell drugs.
Hey back! Got this while I was at CES in Las Vegas...140,000 people pawing at new devices. Pass the Purell!
That's how we roll!
please austin im begging yue plz follow me
Interfaith Worker Justice's 15th birthday is today. Consider making a birthday gift by going to www.iwj.org
D Rose gon do his thing but they not messin wit Melo after that 40pt game!
hey wat up man I notice that we have the same birthday and we in the same career and city...
This sucks..I need followers...
Usually people will only notice that you are balding when you have lost almost 50% of the hair in your scalp.
are you giving big?
": dudee french class made my day! lmaoo"
I know exactly :)
I miss someone who doesn't miss me :'(
I've got a golden twinkle in my eye
Also Thanks for following and welcome
So much to do laying the groundwork for a new high tech green energy product. A strong management team is critical to success.
thank you. You'll have to come when it happens : )
Nice day...think I'll take a bike ride :)
when will google drive be available for google apps users?
CHICAGO representing tonight in Vicksburg &
It's cute that you think government should legislate our families, but not your moneymaker churches,
Untangling early modern discussions of the evil eye and menstrual blood is not particularly straightforward, in case you were wondering.
Is your PMO not meeting the expectations of senior managers? You're not alone!
Hey, Textbook Industry: UP YOURS!
10 Ridiculous Pregnancy Questions From Yahoo! Answers - Babble (blog)
I know it's early. Any idea on Sherrods jersey number?
Jerico, Thanks for your hard work and dedication to the program over the past 4 years. I'll never forget your hit against Auburn.
A boxer dog was rescued from the top floor of a burning Haverhill home
Student marketing teams (win a dinner) to figure out best way to communicate with students. Feedback: send postcard to students' home (wha?)
I Always Say I How I Don't Need You, But It's Always Gonna Come Right Back To This. Please, Please Don't Leave Me.
What is one thing that someone has said or done online lately that has really rubbed you the wrong way?
hope your fingers het better :)
Raising the bar in 2012
but... pincers would be pretty badass...
Slow dancing in the kitchen with Betsy...if this isn't a country song, it should be.
it was a fun party
this Sat Only on at 9:30am. Can't wait to see what was done to the Go Team
I wish people would text me back
I'm right here in front of you, and I can't stop sh-sh-shakin
So excited For New Jonas Album!
Still on pace for 102 points!
well i kept on messing up lol and yesturday my hair looked a mess lol
until a later date most likely.
Registration is open for today's $140 buy in noon tournament. It's Saturday, which means it's a Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 1:40 pm.
Some slow risers on that one -> "so people like me and a fair share of the members of congress pay our fair share of taxes"
That's sucks how you been
Mirror mirror on the wall, whos the FAKEST of them al
did you have sex with that dog before or after the picture?
thanks for the RT. I'd live to catch up next time I'm in LA. Hope you both are doing really well!
nailed it on Dylan Ratigan's show today!
An incresible score by Canada! But it was too little too late as they fall to Argentina 19-12.
Thanks Betso! Up and Down the Court works perfectly! (I think you might like this one :-) )
thank you everyone for all the feedback and support for my first video!! love you all :) <3
"I wish 1D go back to the UK and be one of those UK artist that us Americans never hear of. Or rarely hear of." HAHAHAHAHA no.
No, repower 4 truth When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable. Descartes
Uh get to notice Hm sounds like a good idea to me 👍 😃 💋
question: how much lab time would u designate for students in a DH 101 class?
- we totally watched this at our arcade advisory board meeting this week!
Mass Effect 3 ending was fantastic. My Shepard would give everything for everyone.
#Str8LykeDes... Im going to a party when the last time you eva heard dat...
#YouTube's 490 million users uploaded more video content in a 60-day period than the three major US television networks created in 60 years.
Wells Fargo sucks a bag of dicks...actually most financial institutions do these days.
oh yeah... and i should really do my taxes soon.
REALLY? you're here.. In MS.. and jus started going with this girl, in Mexico. and you're in love with her?! have you even met her?! #SMH!
the Up All Night tour DVD is leaked on youtube asdfghjkhlgdj i'm so tempted to watch it
Playing a short set at the Hotel Indigo West End tonight at 9 pm! Would love to see some of you!
o hush you snapback back ! #bueshabangh that !
thanks for stopping in last night
I have yet to see any of my friends since I've been home
When the light turns green, u go. When the light turns red, u stop. But what do u do when the light turns blue w orange & lavender spots?
love watching u dance Julianne...look forward to it!
text a homie back
Thornton May. What the IT Leaders of the Future Need to Know. Session
Any alternative to Excel for making a quick x-y line graph? Preferably web based.
see you soon!
Legal protection or license to leverage Microsoft/AOL's R&D? Maybe some of both...
A man a plan a canal panama
Daughter asked me to come to school and have lunch wih her today for her 10th birthday...how could I possibly say no?
that's got to be motivating your clients ! Lol!
Listening to BITTY MCLEAN !!! They don't write 'em like that anymore! , whoever they are.
The Sun Publishes Best-Worst Internet Trend Piece Ever [Lolwut]
He gets so mad when I call him cuz lmao
I'm pretty sure I tweeted that b4, but I have to say it again cuz it irritates me so much
RT : Dear Haters, thanks for keeping my name in every conversation of yours. 😜
That exciting moment when you hit 100mph.
Yes!!! we have so much to be grateful for! And you are loved immensely, dear one! :)
Greg and the Todd. We're in trouble! !!
#internetarchive built their own scanning stations; commercial ones too $$. 30 scanning centers in 7 countries.
When you put honey in your tea, it transformers the last few sips of tea from being kinda leafy to kind of awesome.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. William Shakespeare
Univision is starting to annoy me repeating them novelas nobody liked year after year ugh
found u!:p
I'm SO jealous. Please go to the crumpet shop in Pike Place and have a crumpet for me. Or five.
Cool Bro.
Challenges often make us realize we have more courage than we think and one person can make a difference in this world.
Yeap, it's going to take me 5000 man hours if you want it done right!
kids unreal. Hanks the reason they are in the playoffs but Jesus some of these goals are brutal. Cannot let up another.
Celebrating after making strides pink bra walk!
no problem. gotcha
News: New changes to the wiggles. M€e: they're finnaly gettingmarried?1
It's Friday Friday
Heading to #actorfest with and mama!
It's a kind of day! #PaintSplatterGalore<3
Yay! RT : Absolutely bloody delighted The Retribution is #1 in bestseller list. 1st time for me, w 25th novel. Never say die!
haha DOPE!!!!! Dys what's up!
already followed u! :)
Congrats and thanks to everyone who submitted their great work! Time to put on our dancing shoes!! WoOt!
My 3 year old pumped for her first plane ride. How cool is this?
Meeting w/ other synagogue & communal pros to talk about connecting to & partnering around
Ross Lynch in Austin&Ally.. that is one sexy ass boy!!! i love his voice<33 warms my heart<33
sweet, thanks!
Sunnyslope & Greenfield for lunch today!
Work out , bbl .
Overheard at Starbucks: "I did all my piercings on my body myself."
I CANT WAIT EITHER! :)
What a great quote!
#BOYFRIENDReview when I played it in the car, my friend who doesn't really like JB feel in love with it and him.<3
getting ready for this Pacers vs Magic matchup. I'm thinking the Pacers are gonna take this one. Gotta do business in between ..
Not a single thing in the entire world could have meant more to me this morning than my 7-11 brazilian bold.
you reap what you sow
Have you placed an order with us recently? Let us know how we did! We love getting your feedback!
Great seeing you guys non-virtually. I was very impressed by your talks, quite thought-provoking.
Movie was okay but overrated a bit too awkward for me.
Thanks for the #FF mention and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
Quote: Life is like a “Layer Cake”
why are most people mean..? #HATERS ask sarah but shhh. How's the salsa, I made it!
mic to receiver to laptop to PA system, I think.
Heat Fans if yall lose Sunday ...it's a wrap!
hahahaha I know!(x
The new scoreboards will be done for 2012, the South end zone renovations will be done for 2013.
like my new twitter? Lol
Wow 888 Followers! Cool! This one is for the #LibraryOfCongress!
the quick your'e here the faster you fall
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED YEEE SAW IT TRENDING :)
of course.. Same?
Jus Droppd Off Time Ta Go Home N Layout
It's sunny out! Enjoy your morning Pittsburgh!
happy birthday friend!
#swallt2012 keynote, Teaching on the edge: Language instruction in liminal spaces. W/ turn paradigms on side, make visible
no... We were not! Btw
Had a kikn new song idea in my head at work yesterday...got home and drew a blank! Hate it when that happens! Ready 2 start writing again;)
Thank you everyone who came out to support my charity event last night with With your help we raised over 200k! -Britney
have a fun vacation!!
or something to get signed too?
have to admit it..love it when the "Franchise" is on.....
RIP Maurice Sendak, you wrote some really weird stuff but I loved it as a kid.
Sweet! If you need anything please let us know!
I don't understand how people can be so fake.?.
Whoa, no kidding!
MAD MEN and business consulting: Management consultant could identify problems at SCDP quickly, would SCDP Partners act on recommendations?
ZirMed:We are the engine that powers your healthcare transactions,helping you collect money from your patients and payments from insurance
What happened?
Completely embarrassed to call NC my home tonight.
Not sure. Thanks for the RTing. ^dy
Thanks for the RT Tell us about a time when you've swapped skills?
yep started watching it and im hooked god i hope they lock her up forever!
Ha I wish I could take credit for this!
Swimming is my favorite because its the only time when a grown ass dude can urinate in public
that sounds great! I'm actually going to be at SDM on Wednesday with a friend, and otherwise I'm next free on 4/10 & 4/11.
i doubt it would be! :P
so I hope you will have time for mom
Yeah, what are the advantages of Skype vs Twitter or Twitter vs Guest Lecturer.
However, game development companies will only hire those who have already established a reputation
Ill take care of you...xo
I do not want them to meet in the NCAA which is entirely possible. I want to be able to root for both teams.
Downloading Peddl immediately. Love your app. Upgraded Craigslist for mobile. Awesome!
Hamlet and Queso is catchy
gold teeth are back
& I Simply Fukin Hate People. .
Good words to live by. RT : Thank you for the RT!
I will read your blog, Matt. Good luck to you. I went the JC route, too, and wound up getting my degree from UW-MKE.
High school senior Allison Bosse helped her classmates pledge to skip the ...: Since 2008, the organization has sponsored its "Your S...
Hi you're cool.
rainy new york day.
Hello May:)
We are extremely happy to have Dr. Rachel West be part of our amazing team!
watching the shitty ass mets
Have a great weekend. TY for your follows:
You sir, have been hacked.
I'm trying to call u
Not excited to go back to work today...
For the Class of 2012... We say "Never Stop Learning" some words of wisdom from Urban Flight Apparel TEAM.
DAMN , Imma Miss BOTH Games Fuckin W/This KB . Thank God For Smart Phones lol
I agree. #nba season opening tomorrow is gonna be sweet. A lot of great games on tap. Go #lakers woo!
Um, calm down. It's not like he killed someone, it's was a word he misspelled. Chill.
#mmfa2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile. Amazing
thanks for following!
So now Gasol wants to play.
"To move, or not to move from your hamlet?" That's the question increasingly asked by retiring boomers who are spurning retirement homes.
All this talk about cam newton! We dolphin fans are more concerned that we ended up with Matt Moore :)!
its 6:20 am i should be getting ready but fuck it You Me At Sixs music video came out while i was asleep :D
Missing girl has been found RT Sauk Co. authorities say 10-year-old Asia Crow has been found safe.
follow me thanks!:) followed u already:)
Nicely said! {:>) How are you Jodi?
W.wirelessmarketplus.com, username 5217516. Today I'll give you my pricing on sprint, verizon, and tmobile phones.
at U.Va: yo white fence is amazing
Try giving your customers valuable advice via social media rather than trying to oversell to them. Talk about how you solve their problems.
The Early Arrivals Reception is in full swing. Come join us at Texan Station for a drink!
ask him
On my way to WAKO british champs! -75kg
haha I believe ya (:
hehehe why thank you! :) it was really fun to play that role. Can you Skype today? :)
When do I find out if I get the next voxbox? have the emails gone out already I am so confused!
U want me to give u a shoutout?
came across someone that knew ya yesterday.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
Beautiful! RT Flowery Nike
It's Tim Tebow Time! Or as I like to call it, non-execution of our offense and do-whatever-you-want-Tim Time.
When a guy says they like you just the way you are>
Such great stuff happening at mixer RIGHT NOW at ! Thanks for putting it all together!
bro, do i kno yu by chance ?
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
I don’t care about your past. All I care is to know whether there’s a place for me in your future.
"And my head told my heart - Let Love Grow. But my heart told my head- This Time No, This Time No."
Scott and shawn, welcome to the page!
THANK YOU
HERE WE GO
Of course not. Who cares about kids in this town?
Start shooting another web series tomorrow..."Rogue Hunters"...reminds me a lot of Blade Runner!
Solar energy is being adopted because the petroleum reserves are facing depletion.
I hate CST's 
So your "busy schedule" this summer was to skip meals bitch? Join the XFactor or release some music. 😡😡😡😡
Hooray! All safe on the ground. Check your CO detectors, everyone.
had an amazing day was booked solid all day with appts Yay!
journal everything that you eat. it will open your eyes to what you truly eat and make it easier to make healthy changes
Living the dream!!
Wiz Khalifa killed that Chewy remix. One of his best songs ever...
Thanks much! Spring fashion has arrived!
I missedU guys but I stayed dry & cozy, + cooked for a change!.Codfish coconut/curry with my Mango/Tamarind condiment +broken rice&Kale!:)
Pasatiempo looks fabulous. Thanks for the pics.
#TeamBoricua all day!!!
Your home is probably your biggest financial asset, which means it’s more than just the place where you live.
Good morning #Indy! Here's to a frighteningly fun Halloween for you and (on a side note!) a BIG thanks to our 102 followers!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your sister says your friend is better looking than you
Thank you to all those who have served, are serving and your families! I appreciate your efforts and sacrifice. Happy
May is National Posture Month and this week is National Nurses and Teachers Week! Make sure to show your appreciation!
Dear , I would like to ask you a favor(: Nothing big, just a wee lil one.. Sincerely, Jamboree.
Thanks kindly...-BF
I love alien 3 and so many people hate it. I love Charles dutton in. I love how unapologetically hardcore it is
off Schultz's "hockey pants", backside.
i need a starbucks now!!!
Didn't say it wasn't; I was referring to the "shit ton that they don't export" statement since I can't comment on those
I'm all so very thankful for Oliver. God is so good, I'm so glad He gave me him. I've never met someone so humble and dope at the same time
Today we remember brave men & women who gave their lives 10yrs ago & fighting for our country. America will never forget 9/11
Oh:"go deep, it's always worth the trip. "
Unfortunately ERRA had to drop off The Psychedelic Sex Metal Tour. However Design The Skyline has been added to the line-up!
wow- kept snow in mouth to avoid breath being seen! That guy is awesome/terrible!
Making #frenchonionsoup for the first time. Its more like American Onion Soup though
Reading Q: What kind of impact has the control revolution made on our government?
Day 2 of InfusionCon and I've lined up 3 DrivingYourMarketing podcasts interviews with awesome marketers!
imma drop - kick you down stairs! >.<
man I used to work for y'all...y'all chicken nasty then a bitch lol
Getting ready to play , at WWOZ
Little-known Indian faith has been here for more than 40 years
Working on some cool stuff for the Summer line, muahahahahaha (evil laugh) Stay tunned! -The TV.
This city needs more cabs It's a matter of public safety. Make taxicab commission grant more licenses.
I'm trying. But I can't drink coffee. So brainpower from me might feel a little... fuzzy.
Here at for the Grand Opening of is here till 4:00 PM 6-8 a Jazz band will be here! Great Food & fun!
Let's make this last forever and ever and ever.
Check out the video on www.youtube.com
Keep her!
The show tonight at STIR is cancelled due to the weather. Looks like we have to unplug ourselves some other time. It will be rescheduled.
A life without cause is a life without effect.
a lot of scammers out there right now, amongst other things.
Early morning Yoga. Committed to get Fit. Daddy's belly will transform from "soft like a pillow" to not as soft.
Antonymic Homophones: chili;chilly, weigh;way.
now stands for “Neat! Beer-Con.” Couldn’t have done it with out ‘em.
Merry Christmas to all! Hope you are having a fabulous day with your families!
Last final today, picked up my gown and bought a lifetime Union membership. I guess this graduation thing is really happening
Sorry to be harsh. No excuse. Lost my mind. Best to you and your friends.
i need to network more, i jus been real busy makin #NewMusic tho.
I'm so hungry
bet that
...and a Happy weekend to you as well!
It's not like #Briere 's goal was offsides or anything... Psh.
Real movers? or from Craigs List? ;-) Give handful of 10s to ring leader while all together & say, "Y'all split it however" ;-)
And so it begins!
how's it going brother?
Been meaning to order a CleanStart colon cleanse??? U can call TODAY (305) 603-8540 and place your order! $68 FREE SHIPPING today only!
Oh! Thank you for the advice!. I'll tint down the talk balloons ;) I was a bit hasty.
yeah, if he kidnapped 30k kids it would be huge news alot earlier than this.
40 oz's for 4 dollars at the bar. #vintage #mke Now time to get wasted at the wonder bar
Bro b4 hoes was the motto i thought, and loyalty was the key to friendship, summa dese nigga make me wonder, wet the bed wit me thats on u!
Holliday sounds good, so yay for Josh's grill! Can we add food signup to twtvite?
Oh, I will. (Enjoy it, not fall asleep. Fingers crossed.)
Solid 5 mile run this morning! Feeling blessed already today.
Well, I guess that's a good way to stay in shape! lol
RT : with dedication, enthusiasm, and joy of your job, you can be as successful as you want to be via
So tired of being tired.
Boi Christmas is gone be very good for me bro
Great night on the patio w/family & new friends. My tummy is filled with fabulous desserts & my nose is still defrosting :)
Hope u get excited about a new work week then u are passionate about what u do
RT Taylor gang Or get a hand job by Edward Scissor hands
hey guys
RT ESPYs party recap: if your wife says,"Who's that? He's REALLY cute!" and it's Sasha Vujacic, it's OK to dump a drink on her.
Two weeks until #westweek ..... Working on the weeks events... #Rugs #fabrics all at Christopher Farr ...more to come
Next: Dream Cities: Urban Utopia and Prose by Poets in Nineteenth-Century France by Greg Kerr for Autumn 2012
Sitting in my harry potter room because too lazy to move ;-;
A cat in my house has the jankiest eye.
“: Will be on at 4:45 talking about the NHL playoffs.” and ECHL playoffs I would assume...
NC State, I presume. You don't seem like the Nevada type.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Old friends have me riveted watching Clinton. I remember "voting" for him in kindergarten
People should follow he is a real gentlemen.
Have to do simultaneous equations by hand since the mac I am on doesn't have matlab or excel. Tedious but doable. There is Open Office...
Yersterday have my own party
Got my hands in the cookie dough! Making it sweet!
Happy Sunday! Enjoy an Easter Bunny brown butter rabbit burger on our front porch on this glorious day!
LIVE Music tonight at Whiskey Chicks! Spring Break never ends here in OKC!
sent that song we did
What advice would u give soon-to be- college grads looking to enter the Marketing industry?
Behind my smile is a hurting heart behind my laugh im falling apart look closely and you will see the girl i am isnt me<3
--- Is this serious?? Doc just injected him with Synth T w/out anything being said?!?
MT : Had a total blast at UVA... I walk away all agog about the graduate students and SLab hackers. Amazing group.
hey I'm tweeting you c:
Dance your cares away .. Worrys for another day .. Let the music play .. Down at Fraggle Rock .. Down at Fraggle Rock <3
Back from DC. A little jet lag, but looking for a second wind. Had a great time there with the Gemmells. Warm in DC, and nice in Vegas.
guess what song we listened to in language arts ?! #Callmemaybe made me think of you teehee
Christian Dior Flow.. Kanye West.
#cheflife got a nigga tired today
Take a shot every time there's a hard foul or dirty play. You'll be drunk in no time.
Morning have a bless day
Just grinding it out until 2.
♥ to for groovin' with me at last night! come back soon :)
<<< When I was up at Princeton I was thinking like damnn this school dead as fuck! Y'all senior year gon be wack af hahah>>>
I doubt it helps, but I'm craving it too now!
really just wanna hit something right now... i feel like
Justin's viddy > everything else
Hahahaha! I'd have a BLAST with your kids! :)
Enjoying the fact that my twitter feed is not clogged with live tweeting from SCOTUS arguments (and retweets thereof).
Congratulations!! Much love to u! Can't wait for our mud run!
It's 1130pm. Time to force myself to stop working for the night!!
SO excited for the game! Back to the line we go!
i just made $412.95! i hate the job, but i will continue to work there because it pays really well!
Any purchase from Lees over $5.00 gets you a FREE Tofu & Egg Taco....just show your reciept .... today till 2pm...hm mmhhhm daz rite!!!!
Watching coming 2 America before I pass back out... Love this movie
The internet is a scary place, kids. Especially when you are a stress bunny waiting for a call.
Somewhere we went wrong.. we were once so strong.. our love is like a song.
Happy birthday to my one and only bestfriend I love you girl. <3 everyone go follow her! That would mean alot to her:)
Perhaps fears the twitter effect. I'm at a news conference on Jazz Fest and can't get my hands on a news release... Hm
Next time u wake me up to yell at me ..... Were goin to have a seriouse problem...
Better then your 10 speed homie! : Nigga win the MVP and get keys to a kia.
Lady on the bus just busted out an old school Minolta camera and loaded it with film. I can't even recall the last time I shot film.
Is there anything fun going on in Denver this week?
NFL Experience is packed! Fill out the waiver online... Line's long!
We look forward to yours as well!
Beyond mad
R3hab tonight ! Clocks counting Down! Where are you gonna be tonight?
Flexing the power Mr. Jones, he crushed that one!
people are just buttholes dont worry about it
RedCrossPDX RT Been in the position of not knowing CPR. It sucked. And it's so easy. Learn it.
#England General Hooker was American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
lights camera action when I walk through the door how bout the pool
I agree, but the shit still happened and he deserves his punishment
I wana know how ain't no nigga good to y'all?
We are getting excited about upcoming updates to our website... Archer 2012 Website Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can be such a needy person :-/
we're at the booth...
They are shooting an Elliot Gould movie next door. would cream his jeans.
Haha. Just ask to use the restroom.
It sounds amazing .....SO FAR SO GOOD!
I miss my car SOO much.
Get paid everday
#TurnberryToDo: Flower Pot Decorating: Perfect gift to give mom/dad! Beginning at 3:15p.m. on the Laguna Lawn. $10
I know.
Second chin beginning to form is a cruel reminder that however good life may be, I cannot eat all the Tex Mex I desire.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? (we have some guest list spots for our Twitter folks!) DM us!
What you know about them
Agreed! RT but where is the relish? No burger should be served w/o a healthy dollop of McClure's Spicy Relish!
aw thanks:)
There's definitely a need for more books on open source web mapping. Are either of you in NYC for AAG conference?
haha she fat to?
off to SB for a spot of downtime and modwork, 7days til I hit Irish soil again ... strangly excited altho ill miss my besties here<3 Luv u x
I love it I love it i love it i love it when you eat it
oh twitter how i miss u!
RT Biden: What other institution...has the power to take on this concentration of power and wealth?
"Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess." ~ Edna Woolman Chase
pretty much. I hate it because bball used to be my favorite sport.
tacos and BTR
ya! i luv that song its on my ipod
An owl just landed in my yard and shit on my lemon tree. It was beautiful
S/o To My new follower appreciate the love
Felix Mendelssohn died in 1847 at a mere 38 years of age from reportedly Cerebrovascular Disease(Stroke).
Okay, we have helped our Cindarelli! Remind me to post it again, too! & where do u come up w the genius crafts???
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” Michael Jordan
i love hoes
