Check out this SlideShare Presentation on LinkedIn : Download - Valana Minerals Wholesale
No more shoppin for me, I promised myself that(:
Thanks for following looking forward to today's run!
fried rice & crab ragoons !
04/09/12: "Love yourself. Just remember that. Stop being jealous. You're not jealous. You're amazing. You're loved. You'll be loved."
Hawks, Sixers, Spurs! Pacers tomorrow :D
I thinking chewing on razorblades is starting to affect my health.
Want to help the environment and #Starofhope. Receive a free recycling pickup w/ donation of can food and/or toiletries
He who sees the truth let him proclaim it without asking who is for it or who is against it. ~Henry George
Not sure works, I retweeted a tweet that said SURE to follow back and yet to be followed. . .
did you go to the gem show? :)
Where and if you enjoy it do it!
The fact Dylan knows the words to Boyfriend >>
nice! i'm pumped to see this Joey Bosa kid on the DL for 2013.
Good morning world, time to start knocking out those lists
like seriously I just want to meet them and talk about normal things not about their pop life you know
word ok, and thanks ;) figured I'd give Bart a break lol
Yep you are so right we haven't played anyone. Or more importantly BEAT anyone!
Nice! Buddy? What color? The police found my scoot this weekend! :-D
There are models and the exact opposite and very little in between here in Cali
Oh no. What's wrong?
I guess JJ couldn't hack it in Israel and he can't in the NBA
Happy Friday = $4 glasses of wine till 4pm!
happy ending? Gotta do it right big man.
Give thanks to the Lord for HE IS GOOD, and His mercy endures FOREVER! Amen!
maybe #webOS could make its way into things like cars and kiosks. Those would fit #HP's desired consulting-based business model.
Thanks for the RTs folks. We know who you are.
YAMATO was the only one I remember vividly making it look good considering he went over the rail with him.
Oh My God. I would literally die! like Id stand up and start screaming and freaking out haha. Im literally soo sorry
I've never loved/hated anyone as much as I do
Potato bacon soup today made by Wow!
THANKS !!! - You should make one; you have the best style of anyone I know! :) RT: you're adorbs...
We met our fundraising goal - thank you! I couldn't do this without your friendship and support. Thank you again!!!
Daughter had her first seizure in almost two years, it was small and she came out of it on her own.
My segment with Steve Dolinksy ("a.k.a. The Hungry Hound") airs on ABC-7 today at 11 a.m. Find out about gems tucked into places!
Can't tell people nothing without them telling others smh. Can u keep things to yourself for once in your life, damn
thanks big homie!!
i am giving taskpaper a whirl for to-do's. i'll see how long i stick with it :)
aww!! thanks buddy!!
April fool!
A2. For anyone nowadays? North Korea! Let's see if I can land a NoKo trip in 20 years ;)
Affection deprived.
RESPECT MEH &&ND WHATS MiNE OR THAT'S YO ASS!..POiNT BLANK PERiOD...
it's worth it tho. A fine timepiece tells quite a story
Park Penthouse: My SD Home Garden cover story is making news Weds 8:15 a.m.-ish on KUSI TV
UK get that W!!!!!! LET'S MAKE THE DREAM GAME HAPPEN!!!!! #Cards #Cats FINAL 4!!! LOUISVILLE,KENTUCKY LEGGGOOOO
Why does Love Always Feel Like A BattleField</3
Reduce then produce. Save energy and money. From non profit CCSE. Http:WWW.reduceproduce.org before Oct 20.
My new school is HUGE! 1,300 high schoolers ! That's A LOT :O
Would you all be intrested in us doing an acoustic version of our song Symmetry, in the near future? Comment and tell us!
Cool! Yeah let me know when and whatsup!
Don't be too excited he's back. Soon you'll realize he's a shit person. Just wait. I know I'm waiting for it. It's coming.
Last night was amazing!!!!! Portraying the role of Effie White was extremely exciting!!! Headed to south Carolina to introduce Shena Renee!!
Point at dad's chest when it's hungry
Hey hope the new album is coming along for you guys, look forward to it!
Shane Dawson is still alive? :o
I'm hungry, someone feed me!
lol. He's the only exception. #alpha males can be single forever
Mr.Magoo made my Mother's Day official by puking on me in the car...-_-
It's in North by Northwest and Cary Grant has seen it.
Mahomies!! Help me convince my mom to let me go to the concert!! #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin!!! <3 please tweet me it!! Help Out!!
656 tweet for
great. Look forward to seeing. Tx
makes me so happy that twitter didnt exist in the 90`s.Made it harder for rappers to make a fool of themselves back then.
Even though I slept over 12hrs last night I'm still exhausted!
shitty I just woke up to Liverpool down 1-0 to Chelsea
#NeverShouldYouEver Eat a girl out when she on her period.
Since I was rudely awakened by that phone call,
I'm so down ;) Mamaw and papaw will b the deciding factors ;) love you!!
I'm really ashamed that this week Limp Bizkit is going to be my third most played artist. Now playing - Limp Bizkit: Nookie. :(
Relationships can get draining !
We met at D's office on Park last week, regarding the tv series, would love to talk you about broadcast schtuff I mentioned
Tom Bergeron never disappoints as best live tv host. ("Len will get his eyes checked during break").
The worst feeling is the guy you like the most likes your best friends and stops texting you to text her. <\3
Three different kinda food within 15 mins. I feel like i can eat the earth. Yummy tum yum
It's funny when your server tells they are sorry but they are very busy... Lol
behold: the genius of
I have no strong talents. I am only passionately curious.
I'm just sayin a gin and tonic sounds pretty tasty right about now!!!
Producers needs to allow and encourage the variety of roll playing whenever casting a character. Test their skills.
#BOYFRIENDreview its capturing the new bieber flavor new style the shift of voice & the chorus makes u wanna slow/fast dance<3
Um...I think we're out of Mango these days...
hey girl! Could you tweet me the pics!? Pretty please! :)
LMFAO. I just did the in the club. Not sure if anyone but me knows what that is.
I can't wait for prom! May 19th needs to hurry up.
Uh why would they start a Twitter account about what to do in life if we already know what to do
Ready for Nosotros? They'll be @ Salsa Under the Stars this Friday!
The rest of #smcatl was good. If you watch #FMC it was a lot of repetition.
The questions you ask today. Don't stop asking them after today. Ryan Vescio
hahaha im just reminding myself that he's been too good.
Whats on my mind is me worrying about them succeeding in life and being able to make it on their own...
i went to Crawford first semester now i go to Mira Mesa , But i AM GOING Back to Crawford (: wbu ?
Wow you all suck, everyone only joined because of
undercover writing. Lol :) sneak a verse in!! Always good to have quality time though.
I am exhausted!!!
I don't remember that. I wish there was a screenshot of Skinner telling everyone the school dance was canceled due to confusion
Little-known #Brewers fact: When tonight's game started, Vinnie Chulk was clean-shaven.
i don't think i could go a day without saying the word "fuck".
Where do you get your ideas from? Do you come up with all your own jokes? What do you think of Dane Cook?
someone needs to sing it to me lol
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be lead by your dreams.
We need to talk the third cover for Harmonics!
I somehow just got my hair to stay in a bun without any hair ties or bobby pins #soimpressed and
I get so excited when I get new hair products :p
2 for 1 Hash Caps today!!
Good game so far keep it going!
Question: What are you doing 7/7? Answer: HOBO PARTY!
thanks for the promo!
Proud of you.
Shill (2/2): I've known her since 1st grade. Rather talented and, I don't think she'd mind my saying, delightfully quirky.
i love u my friend grcey is the one who passed out with u backstage one night who had questions and all that make.
loved Australia!
is a loser
I have been asked to record a song for the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 tragedy. I feel very blessed and honored.
wait a second, thats why shes inviting me to her place ;) wait what? :O
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
We used to be best friends one day, next day we forgot eachother miss my old bf
why are you getting snappy I was just saying
yayyyy! im hanging out with today!!! can my day get any better? lol
It's raining, it's pouring This old lady is running She went to the treadmill and fell on her head And still got up and looked stunning
Thanks for the heads up! RT : WWII the Second World War in Color... Now on #IPTV Iowa Public TV. Check it?
Back to work after a great NCDD Summer Session at Harvard University
Never thought the 1st outside run of the year would be in Feb! But god it felt so good. Nice weather always makes me mad I pay for a gym.
An Elephant a Day Elephant No 176 Upholstery Foam - upholstery foam
Tequila isn't fixing my cold
always ya betch!!! You scoop any frat stars at fox fields?
juss walking in the door , bouta shower & find something to do since my baby don went to sleep on me <3 Goodnight World!
just traded sheet not to long ago....go me
RT : Bjork said it best. All is full of love. You'll be taken care of.
"You're a little cunt"
Now following a builder of #sustainable cardboard computers.
I hate when im sick and my voice sounds like im in a tunnel:/
College basketball >
You all should have your stickers in the next day or two. It's not my fault! Blame the USPS!
the jacksonville jaguars drafted the best nfl rookie names: Bryan Anger and Long Ding
Tony's Coneys here I come for like a week ahahhahaha
#DWTS think you all killed it tonight! Best of luck at results show tomorrow!
bella cant you say hi to mi sister she is your biggest fan. Please.
>> gotta love spring baseball at the 'lab'.
"Follow your hopes and dreams" ......... Okay- But wait- I already follow Justin on twitter.
#DidYouReallyJust flirt with my boyfriend? -.-
miss you guys!
Congrats to #Navy on their 10th consecutive win over Army in "America's Game"!
#TellTheWhiteHouse to stop caring what Republicans think. About anything.
Hahaha! RT @ Matt_Riggs: Why do I keep #dating all these pyromaniacs? Damn you, match.com.
you should re-open #GNR season so someone can nominate a bourbon chicken place
So did you get a lottery ticket?
Will you follow me?
I wouldn't focus on what you should say to them - engage them in a conversation and you might be shocked on the insight provided
OK I admit! Still a #wildgoosechase Still don't get it! HA! What is "FOTCL!" Should I know? =D
Missing warm sunny days in Seattle should not happen. Please remove all Twitter & Facebook post about the weather in Seattle
Check out my new post on www.shoppersmap.com An antique & retro blog.
thx! been meaning to ask: she wears this panda kigurumi at breakfast, but it's not sexual at all. we're not furries right?
Solutions? "Move your kids to the county... really, who wants to stay in Baltimore their whole life?" "Why should you have to move out?!"
yummy vegan Panini @ #BiteNYC , off-Broadway show #4thStreetTheatre, dessert #LulasSweetApothecary fun evening w/ Karen, Tony, Don, & Dave
WOW!!! its hotter than my a$$ in a mini skirt out here,,....
~The Entire C'SM Houston office!
Wake n Brew!!! (Wake up and Make Coffee) LMFAO
thank you!
Learned a new word today: idempotent. Describes a method that causes no change (like multiply by 1). Reminds me of definition of insanity...
C Benson or L Blount in at flex?
Thank You Thank You...
ridiculous bounce pass by Ty
Love that the lawyer is advising Maloof not to answer questions. It's like he's on trial.
If we encounter dark moments in this journey, then so be it. I think the real gift is really knowing.
Go listen to DIEBOMB! Get ready for the new stuff soon!
now updating Twitter through Google Buzz. now if only I can get it to update Facebook...
my friend barry would be very disappointed in me right now. he puts a lot of effort in his mac and cheese. and its delicious. it really is!
Unless your values cannot travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum, do not tell me you believe in moral relativity, kids.
Congratulations on your anniversary! That might have been around when I met you, eh? (the Canadian ending intentional)
1000's of vacant homes across America in need of repairs equal jobs now America!!!!! No one is talking about this but me.
Ohh, so tired.
Great Organization to consider supporting.
Seems #xboxlive is down. Now must endure the ire of my kids who can't access streaming. Just peachy.
Adding the "ancient "
Nice, I love it when recommendation algorithms are spot on. Netflix recently recommended "Titanic 2" to me based on my history.
LOL it wasn't me it was you!
#WavingMyHand You will see this Tweet, even though I don't have internet, and you will call me tonight.
Praying that Miami loses
Good morning #TomorrowBook followers! Thank you guys for helping to developed our amazing search engine! Remember to add logos today!
If people can't see how Bmore biz prospers from #Ravens success they must have their head in the sand. O's could do it if they cared!
iconiacs for life ^.^
Pretty sure I just saw ! :)
wow Mt Baker has gotten 104" of snow in the past 6 days. That's insane!
I just cleaned my Twitter...lost over 200 followers..less I didn't lose them..I deleted them..bad, bad followers
GET REAL! True Success has a HIGH PRICE that most are not willing to PAY...yet they are disappointed by what they got for what they spent!
Having a party for the #holidays ? Still looking for a caterer? LiLLiES provides excellent full svc offsite #catering ! Msg us for details!
Listening to Rainbows! Most underrated dude in the game.
Headband on deck. get at me
haha that's not a lame excuse. I had to get my haircut though at 7. So I couldn't make it if I wanted to.
#azabbgic2012 - 1st time in 12 years im not there- instead at #mainevent w/ w/ another former int'l N'siah, Marcy Rosenbaum!
HA! Sadly, I had the same fear!
she annoys the living #SHIT outta me.
Just finished up in the studio about to go to sleep for a couple hrs!!! I'm tired y'all!
i just want it to be summer already
I agree with Rashard Mendenhall...he's spot on about 9 11...I dunno about all that "God" stuff though. LOL
blessed and thankful
Out of Freeroll with Top pair/flush draw vs top set...oh well...still got the $5k to take down!
Oh no! Which ones were put to rest? I think we can help on the new pair too! :-)
Dude I'm sunlight wasted.
The entire Royals roster will be on the disabled list by July.
hilarious when Jacob couldnt find a bright spot. The draft was another reason that org frustrates the heck out of u
You are the weakest link, goodbye
Haha, phew!! And absolutely! I has so much fun, and it was great to meet you!!
what do you indorse now big brother?
#FF Massachusetts Libraries:
kk love you very much and i did have to say sorry :D and bye :<3
Lol. She will be back tomorrowww!!! At least i think..
Tune to WSFA-TV Ch.12 @ 5 p.m. for comments on AL's ranking in 2011 KIDS COUNT DATA BOOK, Thanks Bryan Henry!
Just experienced my first iAd on an iPad app. Should probably get used to seeing those.
I was born without ANY limiting beliefs. Today, I let go of any judgments, opinions or misperceptions I have about my acting career.
i am so up right now
On some shit I def shouldn't be doing #ohwell the person I need most is dying the second most important person isn't here
rock for love 3 in memphis this weekend. special guests to boot!
RT : Having a conversation about trust// Had that earlier fam 2day, :-/ lol
same, but I actually have to agree with her at some point. so moms are def ALWAYS right lol
Girls' Night Out!
Tyler's little speech about find me SOBS
The rabbi's sermon was basically an excuse for shtick.
Will we see you at tonight for Kansas City Moving Images - a selection of short films by local and regional film makers?
Shoutout on her bday hope you enjoy it :)
Appearance of the
Part of what makes him great though.
Great brands make a contribution to culture. Lesser brands make a contribution to disease (cancer, obesity, heart attack)
#AskAlexConstancio favourite meal of the day?
Hi! Can we do 7:15? Leaving downtown now. Hope you get this in time, and I'll see you soon!!
It's Friday...
. Yep. The author and I used to work in radio together in the early 90's. He has a YA called PANDEMIA.
oh theyd love that, theyd have a ball! Lol
Thank you much for the RT of None of This (the abridged title :)). Hope it's been a good day for you!
Coming to TLA? Tenn-Share Electronic Resources program, 3:30 on Thursday. TEL news! new free language learning database! new discounts!
Project X is one of the best movies I have ever seen!
No doubt. Fetching, I believe the word would be. Enjoy your evening, my friend.
I can feel my brain doing something here ....
That is awesome. I didn't even used to LIKE ! ;)
Tyrn New Things <3 I learn make for better ways !
So do I. How is that possible?
But a useful fiction, like 'Communists in Congress' or 'voter fraud' RT A "welfare queen" is not an actual thing that exists.
Thanks everyone who voted! Results in October 5!
heck yeah! You should sneak down with him for a few days
Great time speaking to the women of Ginger Creek Community Church this a.m. Still pondering a couple questions they asked....
You get em framed? How much cost? We might be able to hook you up.
I spend a lot of time thinking about where I want to _visit_ next. (and not on pinterest) does that count?
lmaoo! her concert was amazing!! I would totally go & see it again!
Havin been on twitter for a min. Its holloween.:D
Thanks for the info!
Congrats! Been sick all week but if I'm up for it I'll be there too :)
Quit Facebook again. This time for good, I hope. Mental age of many of my friends on it--and honestly, myself--is about seven.
my tits
Tronny is on the move. News at 11.
Than you so much we REALLY appreciate it!
see!..great minds.
#current McCain's wife just looks pretty. Michelle is pumping hands and gathering feedback! What can't the "others" see?
RT If you get a product for free, you are not the customer. You are the product.--
That shits awesome
when ever you ready
Winter #golfing! Where do you usually play?
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come
Ashton Kutcher was at the Kentucky Derby....
Taylor gave selena n Justin a hug
my cousin lost 9 pounds from being sick for 4 days.
Not thrilled to see calling this as a "must-read." Does that imply an endorsement? (2/3)
roasting transforms the product into the finished product. If one tried selling green coffee beans as "local" I'd say no
Excuse my charisma
Is it more helpful for museums to get feedback from visiting students or their teachers?
how you gonna do a brotha like that you don't see this new knee?!
(c) itself was kind of.... bleh
Hey collegiettes™! Don't forget to vote for HC's #homecoming nominees & and our campus cutie Roman Nelson!
bummer ... no peanut butter cookies at my local Mrs. Fields :(
RT : The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: OPEN" Is this the first of the year? Hope this helps them get a W!
How do you like your men??!!
That's dope. What type of business' u trying to start?
I just can't do it I get destracted to easily
Got some news for you steeler news for you guys and girls
#It'sFriday Tel ya coworkers off
“: Alright guys… Hambino sandwich or hot dog at the game tonite?!” ...Garlic Fries!!!!
Like momma Cheryl said, I'm the only one left to go on a mission trip.
Getting ready to be 3 different people at once on a tweet chat. Here we go.
CONGRATS TO JEANETTE IERVOLINO!!!! YOU ARE THE SEASON PASS WINNER FOR OUR TEXT LIST RAFFLE!!! HOPE TO SEE YOU OFTEN!!
What do you think about today's game?
#NationalFibromyalgiaDay My passion in life is sports & politics. I no longer can sit through a sporting event. The chronic pain? Disabling.
haha, that's what abhi, niyati, and I are doing too haha. those old guys killed it
Amazon is so overpriced. What happen to that being the site to go for a deal??
Tornados near Papa Johns tonight but no touchdowns reported, so nothing unusual for Louisville Cardinal football fans
A man loses contact with reality if he is not surrounded by his books. - F. Mitterand
Excellence can be attained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think...
I bet could learn a thing or two from you! Thanks for joining Twitter Thrissy. Words to live by!
Getting ready to play for the CD release party for Maurice Mohan at 650 N Dearborn in Chicago
Business After Hours tonight at AmericInn Hotel & Suites - 9780 North by Northeast Blvd. - Fishers
Getting to do something very cool tonight! Will post a pic later!!!! (: so excited!
Founder versus owner mindset in a startup: which r you?
#mudmelt Ann Pendelton:how to work both of the split narratives of higher Ed-"elite humanist" & workforce prep.
Do they still make Gallo wine? Haven't seen that it years!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men writing inappropriate/uninvited "come on" things on your PHOTOS..it's an album, it'll be there forever!
Love LA, hate the traffic AND the douchebag on the bike who keeps making the lights before me.
If any of you have good art fair build-out images for upcoming weekend - send 'em my way please...
Thank you Whataburger for making my night now Pandora till I crash
Finally got my hair done :]
Great website. Sorry for the unfollow but bouncing on twitter limits, Keep up the good work Seth
Hello. What do you mean by "knock it off?" Are you upset? Tony at tony calvano dawt cawm.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will be at Explora today.
Jury to hear closing arguments now in case against former SDPD traffic cop accused of assaulting females
it's nice to see the stars. don't get it in the city.
That's clear enough. you can get anywhere from Earl's Court, right?
sorry you're dealing with all this drama Bro. Corley.
Thunder and rain, it has arrived. Thank you Jess and everyone who was present tonight. I hope y'all come back to see us again.
Hahaha anyone else watching this Bulls v. Heat game?! Awesome
God loves us too much to allow us to stay tied to anyone or anything that does not bring out the best in us.
Knock It Out
like i said, I don't need to battle her. My spot is solidified! Its just crazy she battling chicks with 0% chance.
Love this! RT : "Courage is nothing more than taking one step more than you think you can." -Holly Lisle
I go in on every track & flow 100% ... I hate when people say" for a chick she ridin out " No as a artist im rippin shit period point blank
Teasing Georgia. Shall I write a song about that gorgeous flower?
cool then
Done for the week
in NYC now! Going to va for a few days again tomorrow cause I have a class on Wednesday!
DID YOU RECEIVE MY EMAIL??
Yum! Enjoying with the Bhavans!
Hoop session 24 hour fitness Manteca ca come thru
Spread The Love! <3
RT : Join us for an Artist Meet & Greet with our new director, Elizabeth Dunbar. Tonight! 6-8pm. Free Refreshments!
Looking forward to hosting a UWEBC retreat on 3/24 focusing on promotional strategies, paid search, and mobile commerce.
Spread the word - #HyattABQ isn't a 4 diamond hotel anymore! BC we have horrid service and a run down hotel
Happiness will NEVER come to those who do not appreciate what they already have.
Like May 11th. You got any better?
YOU ALL SHOULD COME OVER AND WE'LL WATCH IT THEN K
how do trannys figure into the whole marriage issue?
It's all about the squats
Good night :)
pan de sal!!
Which horror film did you see that day instead?
We found some eggs in the outdoor garden.
Anyone using Google+??
I love you guys more than I love food.... And that's just crazy. Xo
and that old nigga snoring
thanks bro
I just wanna take it nice n slow
Why am I awake?? Lol
Are you in the Portland Bike Club? Follow for info on the latest perks and discounts.
As long as I can write in a presidential candidate, the primary resultz do not matter for I will write in Ron Paul name !!
Studying my lines for an Alice in Wonderland show tomorrow. Fun!
RT : World #Malaria Day is just around the corner. In the fight to prevent malaria in #pregnancy, what accomplishments have been...
Yeah I drink so what. Nobody can tell me not to I'm legal.
Tonight's skills development with DNP (Damn Near Perferct)!
On our way to Big Bear! Yay! So excited!
spout partisan political pablum 4 their uber wealthy masters. Taxes rose when nec. even during the Reagan admin
Having a better night. Wrapping Christmas presents with my sister while listening to my nephew Gabriel(6 months) giggling. I love it :]
LIEUTENANT "CRIES LIKE AN INFANT WHEN HIS BF TEXTS HIM REALLY SWEET THINGS", REPORTING FOR DUTY [does 10000 pushups]
Definitely. Dont even get me started on the Red Sox right now haha
The more I change direction, the wilder the road becomes. ~Chao Yi
can you post the studio version on your youtube asap? :))))))
Yep RT : Enjoy watching fans over-analyse close losses... It's baseball... things happen!
I'll stick to the original.
Check out Week 7 of the w/ Tonight at 7:40 W/ on
and The Dowager Countess is appalled that she missed out on an evening of debauchery.
c'mon this is the only way u can show and see real #Talents!!
u got a single u pushing?
How did I never watch RESCUE ME when it was on tv? It's amazing and right up my alley!! Currently busting through season 4!
It felt good to have a week off and away from technology. But, I'm back and in full swing.
Im bout to turn up shit bout to get #Rachet in dis bitch lol
Headed to the gym then the studio!!!!
#BackInElementarySchool everybody was friends, there was no drama, & no reputation.
The timing and structure...
baby boo
About to check out a presentation at VMWare: Adobe Flex and Cloud Computing.
Hang on #Bucks!!!
RT Well that's annoying. Certain Kindle Books only work on Kindle Fire or Kindle for Android. Why not Kindle for iOS?!
I need yo number! So I can hit ya up! Haha
My twin needs to save me -_-
Thanks bringing yummyness to 's exclusive media reception! Thanks again
lol dnt hate on my family boo!!
Rediscovering the Sames' You Are The Sames.
argh - flight has mechanical problems. Will miss my connection in DTW
S/o out to the New Followers. Much Love to yall! , , and
why do i keep running from the truth, all i ever think about is...
RT : “Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.”-Fyodor Dostoyevsky
and you know the Baltimore-Washington area will eat it up
That was then, and this is now.
Reasons why I don't like living with my mother: 3. I have to explain where I'm going and with who... Like does it really matter???
I want to notice me if won't... *sighs* never giving up :)
Thanks for the shout out! We love seeing posts like this.
Glad you found that link useful!
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
Had an awesome time speaking to the women of Azusa World Ministries.
RT : We have installed thousands of #doors in #Denver alone. Don't trust your #security to anyone else!...
how long of a leash does aramis have... im ready to pull the plug on him already. he just aint seeing the ball. sit him.
lbi for the week...
exactly! Lol I did the same thing except I've been laying down since 9:30ish lol imma be hella tired at school tomorrow! DX
Thank you for all your work!!!
We're supposed to have a tsunami drill this AM and in typical island fashion, it's way behind schedule.
baby you light my world like no body else<3
well i got company on the way gnite twitter. be on da look out 4 my first video, aintisentimental its very organized,S/O one nine, great job
Actors! The new acting blog post is up - "Making the Choice."
This is one of those mornings where I'll be picking the marshmallows out of the Lucky Charms and throwing the rest away.
Great win. Now hitting Stacey's in stallis.
www.lynda.com. 25 bucks for a month's subscription.
I had 6 thats right, SIX snack packs in TWO days. Whats the most of a strangest thing you've ever eaten??
No lucky catches on the helmut this year.....
>Thank You, We Should Get You a Photoshoot Together, What Area Are You Located
If this day keeps trying to test me, I'm going to turn into a Real Housewife and rip out it's weave.
What a night this has turned into!?
WM: Can we turn the term on its head & use it to define musics that have become global in their reach/performance/localism?
:) Thank you!
ah :) would be cool... had a lot of random interest in the trip... tho if they buy i wouldn't be able capitalize on it now
I Love LA
Dissertation director acquired. Now for a couple readers and a title...
Aluminum beer bottle are prob the best invention. #cans>bottles
would frontline fundraisers even want u to set up a socmedia dashboard for them?
#fridaylistens Finished Affair by Child read by Dick Hill - excellent narrator. Started Capitol Game by Haig read by Scott Brick - my fave!
Nfl draft - around corner
"I was born when you kissed me. I lived while you loved me. I died when you left me."
gyros from the Parthenon downtown
It's all about the #Bruins and #Celtics baby!
I got my ass kicked by my friend ripley whil playing mortal kombat vs dc universe.
Guess what movie I watched last night???
Can you please tweet our event at on May 8th we'll be performing! Come check us out!
I guess I'll take your word for it. I have had my iPhone since December and have little issues with it, except for battery.
i know! Lol
I haven't paid to submit to show my work in years. Can't stand that model.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
we were always the last stop, and it was crazy. I just left the tap open & kept putting glasses under
That's just depressing.
We are looking forward to it! :)
hahahah why are you not sharing the treadmill?! lol
Goodnight world
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Greek lemon Chicken, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, ravioli Florentine, Lentil!
S/O to for chatting with if you missed that interview go to www.blogtalkradio.com/lawlessra
Im going to fucking Hawaii..scratch that I meant Florida!..scratch that I mean the Dells
no. so i guess i'm still in book 1 then. thank you!
that would be great! We should have a link by tomorrow.
#Marry the person who knocks u off ur balance & laughs w/u while u gain composure, stronger. Then walks straight ahead with you.
bwhahaha “: RT Marriage = Betting someone half your shit that you'll love them forever.”
: how are you? I hope to catch up soon. Your beautiful ice is featured in our video of the ITLM cocktail ...
Mind if I steal your icon lol?(:
Hilarious real-life diversion! Just what I needed to read!
Oh, crap. Now I can't get "I wanna dance with somebody" out of my head. Flashing back to the 80s!
Beer Garden Sponsors: , Blue Mountain Brewery, South Street Brewery,
Love it when you're on the show!!
i'm pretty sure you are right about that!
Great! So they Tweet independently, but do they all contribute as admins in the museum Facebook page?
If you asked me how I'm doin I would say I'm doin just fine, I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.💙🎶
yep here in 33 mins!!! :D
twitter on phone > twitter on computer
Yep. Needs 2 be door to ur house..come on in RT : A4: "Fans aren't valuable if they only engage w/you one time"
love it when people text you "hey" and then never answer back...
I remember begging my neighbor to drive me to pick it up on cassette! "The Downward Spiral" was released today in 1994. VIA
You guys look great! Happy Purim to you and the family.
Hi Tommy, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
A man shall NEVER use emoticons when texting with another man.
in silent lunch.
keep it n check this week Last time we played IU u got a lil rambunctious. Let's do the talkin after we take care of business
#GreaterThanMoment Nice score! You're married now!
even better! was too windy last time lol
Please consider attending the first Associate Member Ceremony on campus in the Butler Pavilion Boardroom on Sat 2/18 at 4pm
Quote of the Day - Dude. #forrealz. I hate everything. So does Alexis.
Oh that's a tough call! Let me know if you want any quotes. I'm happy to help!
Follow Mr. King here
you know it.
the seagulls in Seattle just received warning
Lightning and thunder outside and the first fireflies of summer.
You guys are all awesome! :D
Psst! We're closing. Our founder opened #socialmedia shop & creative team is now Follow us there!
#ff interesting, fun & engaging
YES!!! I could use a few massages at CSA! Less than 4 weeks and I'll get one!
~~Thanks for the follow!
Stop the Ban has a press conference on Tuesday March 8th! Any media-istas out there want more info?
Cubs still in last place, proof again world wont end, info you may or may not like :)
First look at the today since they'll be televised in Texas... Going to be a great day today!
You wear white. And I'll ware out the words "I love you & you're beautiful." .
Did I miss it? I never watch, but this I have to see.
I was just tweeting with about that on side. I actually CALLED him on phone today. How old-fashioned!
u tell them lola, dont have that shit!
Mention u saw us on twitter for a free hello kitty goodie bag with free gifts!! :)
#MBAVseason2 let's trend it my babysitters a vampire lovers!!!!
I spilled red paint on the carpet :'(
awe! wally is cleaning the fuck outta rebel. and rebel keeps trying to run away from him.
Remembering Mahatma Gandhi - 61st years ago today was assassinated
It's hard not to cry... 
Very cute owl I must say...wild eyes! Seems she's made a nest on our front porch...
I know one day you'll notice & follow me but I guess tonight isn't my night... Anyways goodnight Madison :) <3
Madonna is a American Icon..Have never been the biggest fan,thou she deserves a Hell of alot more respect than what she received.Well done!
“: GUESS WHAT!!!! #PregnancyProject airs this Friday on #Lifetime. Are you going to watch it?! I AM I AM!!”
A typical Michelle Obama outfit is more than my mortgage payment...By a factor of three!
Nicely done, I really set that one up for you, hopefully I get the assist.
what's wrong baby girl?
Check out #Mullen Boston for PR internships (that can lead to a job).
so what's ur predictions on the matches tonight for
my time was 29 i think idk
hm.. Now you tell me.
You're most welcome! >> : Thank you :)
Narv-Dog and Gamel done for the year, now Gomez on the DL, the crew can't catch a break
thank you
Never feel sorry for yourself
#ImSickOf always being picked up late. & its like she does it every single freaking day.
“: "America's Most Hated Family" - everyone needs to watch it on NatGeo right now” kardashians?
Looking for solid enterprise mobile development 'best practices' info. Hit me...
why have police blocked all of dekalb avenue?
you just made my night ♥
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
drop some food off at a homeless shelter.
Thought the same thing when I heard it, but its true. They have a fancy 6pack sampler box and everything.
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID! This Wed! Apr11 w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!
Ha. I remember that game, but never really got into it (seemed terribly boring). Island looks lovely, though!
Thanks for yesterday's retweets! Great conversation -
you have the spartan hookup
No he left this morning
People that write checks......nevermind, they wont see this anyway
Can I just fall asleep listening to your #heartbeat <3
Talked to a few #smwwdc attendees this week and your metrics discussion received a lot of praise.
Thanks for the feedback! Glad you had a great time.
How does ereader type (kindle vs ipad) affect our understanding of old texts?
Stuck in traffic and I really have to pee.
This just in: A NEW RECORD! More than 750 in attendance at MarkLogic World!
good question, especially considering TSN's lovefest with the world jrs
starts this week......
Like different personalities?
if ur an artist who send ThaCW stuff but dnt support other artist by listens DL or w/e how/why do u expect for others 2 do the same 4 u!!!
I had not considered those, but yeah, that could get ugly real quick.
That's one of my most favorite songs ever!
I want to RT you on my Twitter stream & FB Page. Post your inspiring tweet to (no links pls)
I know bro..
Israel sends an average of over 200 full trucks a day of food, medicine, clothes and other goods to the West Bank every day
coffee and food are great but I wish I had a cab to get home
see how tired Omer is, this is why I wanted Noah to get a few minutes. but if he can't go, he can't go
Broke people make me sick.
I have neighbors like that right now, just throw in a huge barking dog in the backyard they neglect.
If you have some time on hand check out some new music. goo.gl/cP4DW
Wine and Canvas LA tonight at Jerry's Deli in Westwood village! Love this creative, joy spreading job!!!
Arizona adds another weapon that Kolb won't be able to get the ball to.
in bologna - where should get some good bolognese?
Still looking out for Owner/Operators to run under our Quick Fleet authority...
should eat NY Style Pizza more often because that was without a doubt her best performance ever tonight:)
European circus in town - Inside Tucson Business European circus in town Inside Tucson Business by Herb Stratford UApresents hosts Zoppe
has a worse relationship with the truth than I do.
Says the guy that told me to
was his title an oxymoron ?
wow so kind of you!! Thank you very much.
Yes.. Haha ! But your cover of #1 girl was awesome !!
Doors just opened for tonights performance of !! mention us in a tweet in your here for the shows tonight!!
The black angus filet mignon looks delicious! We can't wait to try it :)
In the last two months, Ryan Adams, , , The Black Keys and then in April. Life is good.
Hopespin hopes you guys have a great Friday! Stay safe :)
need a man. now.
I'd like the record to show I've been a fan, since before it was cool... #HockeyHipster :)
I need a ME day nails, eyebrows, facial a little shopping and a massage (:
There's just something about Snoop Dogg's face that makes me super uncomfortable.
Seeing people all over my Facebook graduating and getting out of school, and I'm still getting homework daily.
I swear it don't seem like we have school tomorrow.
Follow Friday... please ask your followers to follow us and support "Banner Day" www.worldchampionfans.com
Ready for summer.
who did she follow?  Lucky
I truly appreciate you. Go make it happen today! Tweet cha lata!
beautiful video... great use of social trends to build awareness
Two shoots in opposite corners of state. Will spend hours on road. But the story is great, the roads clear and Ron has good tunes on iPod.
smells like bacon
At the ASALH annual meeting in Richmond VA! Session about Frederick Douglass
Foxes. Heat-seeking missiles. Baracudas.
-- woman's desire / deeply rooted / the wild violets #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
what neighborhood?
RT : Just got off the phone with and (aka my mini me) and I <3 them all
What a crazy Mongo New Year! Thanks to everyone who came out to Beach Club
Just saw the moon, Jupiter, and Venus, all in a row. My day is now complete.
I hear you will be in Seattle this week...Will you be here for long? Will you have time to meet for Lunch/Coffee?
We're on the way! Looking forward to 's Harry Balzer and 's keynotes!
RT : Make this day joyful by filling it with joy. The more you choose to experience it, the more joy there will be.
This shit is getting old...
Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both started tonight for the Clippers. Game is underway.
Need another song! Barbie Girl's almost done!
Check out my tweets from today i have my life planned out!
“: True fact me and nick were the same height in the summer and now when we stand next to each other he towers over me ):”
FYI - don't follow links in any DM's that say "lol, is this you" or "this is really funny"
my sister is weird
HireUp - interview selection turned into a game
Mikey was just on my tv omg ilysm fangirlingggg
since I can't go can we meet up somewhere?
My mom just texted me to ask if I could rig the giveaway so her friend would win. WTF?
You Still Have All Of My Heart. <3
Edvard Munch's famous painting The Scream is NOT up for auction. It is another version of it he drew with pastels that may go for $200 mil.
Thanks for the follow and mention !
that's for sure; haven't been too involved in MD's conservation efforts. i know MICA (my school) has a good recycling prog
My friend, , should have her own show on the Food Network! yummy and beautiful supper last night!
The word BURGLED amuses me
"Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted."-Matthew 5:4
Being weird is more fun when you are surrounded by other weird people. In this, I am blessed.
no we'll go at 4 x
I think its time to change my background
Feel like I'm having a middle-aged crisis watching all this Sex in the City
Which ones are you bidding on?
"Why are you crying?" " I listened to Free Bird by accident."
welcome to Twitter
And now I'm done whining about church. Soon there will be basketball to critique. And my hoards of followers can't wait.
interesting, I seemed to have recovered nicely from not really doing shit. #feelgood, tho I'll prob die this weekend
Twitter TBH. Message me.
cool. Thanks. Was wondering because I had seen something about tickets.
thnx RT : great updates and healthcare msg call tonight.Thanks and David Simas.
What color was your day? Mine was white. (Interesting party question tonight)
Ready for rock to put boot to asses
oxymorons are like that. However I did have a pair of UA fleece pants, black with a tux like stripe. Hm
I'm so punk even when I have sex it's DIY.
omfg, that was soo fucking nasty. some people have absolutely NO SHAME !
why are u sorry?????
Heading over to to check out the restaurant scene & happy hours - , , & Flemings
Our latest venture is set to launch in days. We have been working to perfect it and also figure out a way for you to get paid.
Ready to watch you play some football!!
The very definition of settling down. Ace-quality recovery.
thx for your support and RT :)
I Love March Madness <3
Woman! Some of us hv to work tomorrow.
Went 2 a family wedding today, someone had an idea "lets put goldfish in the water of all the centerpieces" Bad idea!Dead goldfish everywhre
#sxswmygrocerystore Gentlemen: the verdict is in. If you fashion yourself in the hipster set, laminate wooden canes seen nearly every aisle.
Looks like it's pizza for lunch today! Thanks guys!
Happy birthday to ! It's your day bro
RAPE NO LUBE RT SNEAKERHEAD FACT: NIKE paid Carolyn Davidson $35 to design the NIKE SWOOSH logo in 1971.
Nothing much in Language class . Hbu Alex ?
for me?
Hey Terri, how are you?
THE CORNER??!!
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Cleaning and doing laundry,then grocery shopping later,then hitting the gym with bestie..
Nice! Congrats & I look forward to seeing more from with your Superhero PR powers!
breaking out of the new Long Island office for some RnR.
Thanks for the haircut stunting' lyk mah daddy. ;)
#mudmelt B. Berrie, chemist for nat'l gallery of art publishes with both chemists & artists.
Thanks for following!
looks cool but a bit pricey
Is that for real? Or a one off?
i don't think so...
algorithm #fail: news feed recognizes posts about Chinese New Year in English only. Plus no recognition of Lunar New Year.
True, that would be cheatN : Yeah but it's not like boosters are giving UK players prepaid debit cards or anything.
Substance Abuse Conference features recovery: A proactive approach to drug ... - Eastern Arizona Courier
2012 Seattle Wine Awards Results to be announced June 1!
Procrastination at its finest.
also, Y U NO USE LaTeX
Am I dreaning?
Love the iPhone app. Works as it's supposed to and so convenient. Earns my loyalty.
Woke up and still can't fully process what I saw on #NCISLA last night. It may take all summer. Ugh.
Only thing special about this exam is that I do great and it helps colleges look at me
I'm done on here
I want to thank you for the ARC my students will love it! I can't wait to read it!
i just can't sleep tonight, knowing things ain't right...♥
That was definitely weird. Earthquake in Washington DC!
#imagine Austin:ive commited a crime,I stole *yournames* heart,How am i supposed to tell mom this?♥ -anna
Happy Hour til 7pm! $3 rail drinks, house wine, select drafts! Come visit Jeff on the bar!
Going to the movies with my Husband to see Babies! Woo-hoo!
All of Herschel Walkers family stickers prevent him from seeing through the back window of his car.
Great to have you back in the US. How are you liking ? Have considered using it.
If a person owns a piece of land do they own it all the way down to the core of the earth?
Where words fail. Music speaks
#ArizonaWildcats Feared u were Alien Abducted passing thru Roswell, NM in route . Glad you're a Wildcat again
why?? Was it because of rain?? :o
Choking up a lung laughing seeing Laugh At My Pain for very 1st time w/ on ...
Its official: nobody likes you b/c you call people "cats" : It's official: Arian Foster is the most interesting cat I talk to
all of the girls at the ONE Hooters are sexier than any Hooters employee in the entire U.S.
Join Ohioana's own David Weaver in this event celebrating the life of Ohio State University alumna and legendary soprano of the 1930s,...
Every goal has a process. The process is as important as the goal... so any goal without a process is just a dream. What's your process?
You'd have to think they'd grab MKG. He stands to fit with anyone given his complete skill set.
I should work on being petty, I am the Durham Bulls compared to others who play it like the Yankees.
Thirsty Perch
Drew Barrymore is reportedly set to wed boyfriend Will Kopelman. The two have been romantically linked since early last year
Shout out to MMG
Lets the excuses begin..
On Lilac Festival duty today! It's a beautiful day :)
RT: bullying needs to stop kids r dieing all around the world bc of bullying!! Don't just stand their DO SOMETHING!!
#oomf is really feeling themselves' a little too much, but hey someone's gotta do it.
A kid is drawing "spider pig" from the Simpsons on the chalkboard in the middle of this lecture...and he shows no signs of slowing down
crap. Good married man response.
The kids I am babysitting are so funny lol
i will do the NEXT fan requested track at 75 LIKES!!!!! SO KEEP THEM COMING!!!!!
RUSTYS OLD 50 is up and running this Monday evening.
wait really i thought the outside was just like skin and stuff ??
Wow, great review! Congrats!
Put the brand first. It's been around 150 years. What can we do to ensure it's around for 150 more? Burberry
#schoolmemories saying the pledge of allegiance over the intercom in first grade (:
Cocaine crazy like my daddy!!!!
Happy Birthday
They were good! Great to see you. Thanks for sharing your concerns.
Going deep throat into Evangelical Republican territory (Wheaton IL)...
Cabbies have their own views on politics, religion, and sports, the three most dangerous intersections in the city.
Sometimes you say, "Oh, I didn't get much accomplished today." I'm out to one-up that. I'm going to less than has ever been done before.
Huh! I don't watch TV Sunday mornings. Will have to seek it out,
Bug bites may be to blame for a flight quarantine in Chicago that last for 3 hours yesterday - yikes!
1,005th tweet s/o goes to !
Coming Monday, we're starting a series on succession planning at businesses. Check it out in the Learning Center.
heyy twitter i am back i whent to go eat dinner and see a movie with my vos and bro i got bakc 2 hours ago and i just got out the shower!!
Bout this time last year I was trying to buy a minicoop from a friend. LOL
Thank you #ShineYourDivine with us!
hey! Replace my name right there.
#mudmelt Berrie: take delight in your work and investigations. Be curious....
damn son, you need more agee around. get you out of this camus shit.
Middle finger in the air cause I don't really care.
Rick Santorum loves government programs. Is that the new definition of conservatism?
Don't sweat the small stuff, life is hard enough. I thank the lord above, we got a great big love.
I just know that is gonna rock the role of Effie Trinket...like totally.
headed to the ice rink for a lesson with my freestyle coach.
BIO Thanks Senators Lugar, Conrad for Supporting Farm Energy
Thanks for connecting. You are in my home town of Columbus, Ohio.
Private Event Toy Rep At Your Service! Send me a DM for booking :)
Tell me about what you're doing and I'll retweet it! Are you in a play? Do you have a short film? A trailer for your next movie? Share!!
Weed Leaf THC - Bright Hippie style Cannabis leaf THC t-shirt design
maybe Iris tweeted for me
Are You Against Bulling? :)
what is it?
In life there are winners, losers, and those who learn from being both.
I'm trying to think of a new product or service to offer for a class. What are some societal problems that you feel need to be solved?
Thank u :)
Hello Mac, Thank you
Could we repurpose your Facebook post about the webslam as a gb.tc blog post?
when u head up aint no sucker punch real tawk we boxing thats it.....
my pleasure. thx 4 inspiring me!
thanks for the retweet!
can't wait to pretend its summer! “: you know it! #Jam ?”
lol gey RT : Just played a couple songs from my new album and he loves them #YES Feel so proud and happy #I♡Music ☺♡♫
whats good bro?
Hey, How Do I Go About Sending You Guys Music?
Crazy Democrat turn crazy Republican Prince Brown files to run in HD 14, in Jacksonville, when he lives in Orlando.
maybe a whistle and flash light then
on my way
If anyone is trying to get into the Fashion Attic right now, I apologize-Meghan has been in traffic for an hour and should be there shortly!
A quarter of America doesn't believe that we went to the moon.
love u too and I am proud to be your big cuzzo
Clinking a glass to more fabulous follows! :)
Hey, I Just met you! And this is crazy! But here's My number.... so call me Maybe! ;)
So close, yet a million miles away.
Monday is the first of the week,/and I think of you all week./I beg Monday not to come/so that I will not think of you/all week.DianeWakoski
Flavor of the week Mediterranean. A little sweet and a little salty vanilla with a swirl of chocolate.
GOOD MOANIN' EVERYONE
I heard you handeled all of the flashing camera's and fans very well. Sometimes you are too kind. Relax today!
At Adega wine cellar relaxing.
Hotel to hotel, girl I could use your company... Full name & birthdate, I book a flight and u come to me
boomerang back
RT : I love that fact that said she would start tweeting more n she's staying committed to her words!#dedicated <3 it
and by books for school I mean my own copies that I purchased!
bc ur a weekend club warrior
Pork & Pineapple sausage only $4 bones!!
pretty damn jealous, have fun! Any good shows lined up?
Three Apparel is at the Abbot Kinney Festival TODAY Sunday, Sept. 27, 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. Check out our new baby line!
Its so boring without a game system
thanks Katie!
Ouch, I'm assuming that's not repairable. Any chance your car insurance policy covers bike accidents?
“: Imagine a world where we could 'Like' 'Likes.'” Dare to dream. Dance like nobody's watching.
The #UHsb team has taken a 5-1 lead over #SJSU #WAC tournament currently in the top of the 6th inning
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!
So Happy you are back out doing your thing :)
Or heard the "so glad I can use the computer here since I can't afford one" stories.
Aww. Thanks, gorgeous! You're pretty awesome yourself! <3
Okay my goal this week is to find Justin!
Btw, my Aunt Vivian is so much like Lemon that I experience PTSD watching this show sometimes.
Ok I am online today.. I plan on tweeting away.. I also need to help you handle my
When you find that contest, let me know. Each year, for the past 12 years I have said "this is my last e3 ever!"
Swallowing gold fish for tequila is fair game.
Keep it simple via Give them something to talk about-- the community will answer.
Been watching super hero movies all day
I look forward to the day that I don't beat myself up for dumb-ass decisions.
You see the news in a different light the first time you see your favorite news anchor being shitty to an assistant.
Morning, Panthers @ Jets today, not glamorous but at least close to home.
hey is it hard to play the guitar because i really wanna play but i dont know anyone that can teach me
Gone hunting!
When I roll up when I Roll up
rstrnt & Hotel owners in South FL-when watching yr bottom line, thr R ways 2 save $$ rt away w/ no investment call 561.909.9902 for info
Oo , I be on the 2
going to Disneyland for the first time tomorrow...... suggestions??!
Leaving Kalamazoo behind today after a great time and a Rykse's Cinnamon roll
Probably going to Evike today to get some stuff for my loadout!
I love all the movies you play in and I Love You!!
T.G.I.F. It's HAPPY HOUR time! We're open and the bar is ready to serve you up some Friday night 1/2 priced beverages! COME SEE US!
Sometimes, its better to be a fool to go after what we want & need, rather than to regret everything in the end because we never even tried.
Beautiful bar full of beautiful people.
How to determine the best flights to maximize miles flown per dollar ...
Don't want to leave
Did you watch #DWTS last night? rocked it!
Yes sure just like me. :D
Lmao you are something else, you are really something else ": and ima skinny ass nigga"
Tx for follows! RT : #FF to all my peeps making sure wins.
haha yeah hopefully not
okay, I'm about to. Check ur DMs noww...
it's still work, so all the more power to you. I eventually want to be on "the other side" too :)
#fiveguys is the best burger joint there is. Hands down.
I was to even tho I was mad that we lost lol
HEY CHASE......Me and the HUBBY LOVE U.....Keep it up...!! Especially with The BOW-TIED DWEEB.........!!
sent me 😊
currently researching and discussing the history of gentlemen's clubs...
#askjosh boston or boston?..
hey this steve the grillmaster for pops new cheesesteak truck telling rveryone im parked at the elcortez making the best cheesesteakd in
RT If you do not like straight forward sincere person the way an #Aquarius is, then pack your bags and walk away
Agree! #GoBaseball RT : I'm a Cubs and Sox fan!
#20factsaboutme 19) I cry alone in my room sometimes
How was everyone's Christmas??
we haven't announced a date yet :) Will provide updates as soon as they are available. Thanks!
sure how McCoy needs to work on his hands. 168rec in 3 years. And one of few RB's that gets split out and run routes.
Why is the replay not ever avail on Directv??
Is there a live video feed for today's stage?
This kid #HendersonAlvarez just turned 22. Yet, he turns that thing over like
:) RT : That feeling of being remembered by your fave artists<3
OUR pleasure..so much fun GREAT people...They'll go far! RT thx for helping the GFTS. U R Awesome!!
oops never mind. I'm all mixed up. That wasn't yesterday's question! LOL
So tired
Indeed. We referenced them throughout the story as her first sports cards.
Thanks for the follow One of my favorite NYC restaurants. Had one of the best birthdays of my life there :)
dig your Dilla T. thanks for playing some Stevie. #Detroit love
"We all dream of being a child again, even the worst of us. Perhaps the worst most of all." The Wild Bunch (1969). My 60th birthday...
Yes!Shopping it is!c;
Ok what time if you do see me
Marriott chief sings praises for tourism
Are you a good speller? We need your help for today's radio spelling bee at noon Call 410-235-1157 @
sure thing, lovey!
Awsome concert not only for families!
they've just tweeted 2 biased, stereotypical stories in a row and I'm about to Unfollow them. Lame.
party party party! fuck yea rave cant wait!
local, state, or national
Wesch: connect it to real life, get students involved
I like it too lol but I look really tan.
Don't want #astdTK12 to end, but I suppose I better go back and apply what I've learned on the job.
Blown save when Wandy gives you 8 innings of 1 run baseball. Are you kidding me? Ugh, Astros.
yeah, uh. yeah. Moment of grossed-outnness
Ha. He wasn't going. He was made to take a pic with his sis. I'm just glad he smiled. ;)
I've concluded it's context. Pics of beautiful women on Pinterest do really well if from a "Woman's brand"! Yes?
dating can be torture sometimes.
I can't remember an #Eagles draft pick that's gotten universal support. Guess I have to thank KC and Poe for that.
Contract Executive Recruiter for Excelacom. Need exp recruiting sales and consulting exec's. Send resume:
haha ive tried maybe hes just busy an ur lucky(: who are they(: ?
Don't fuck up and speak on it like it should be tolerated
yeah i know those other 2. had the album, just hadnt listened to high. we're in 102, but we're doin remedies now. ill let u know.
You wrote a 50 page article! You really couldn't come up with a 5-10 word title better than that?
Birdsall Law has a Google+ page now. Put us in your circles for updates, legal guides and video blogs.
We are ten followers away!!! 10!!! I'm excited!!!
at a time like this I wished I moved to Orlando with my brothers Ted and Antwon........
RT-ing always a pleasure!
Improv is the act of creating, making something from nothing. Sketch writing is the act of perfecting, making something better.
But you have easier access to great pizza than possibly anyone else on earth!
I meant the crazy proclamation about the backstreet boys new music!
Your gifts can take you somewhere, but you need character to keep you there.
what happened?
umm people? You needa ask me before you wanna say I was talkin about you, I haven't talked about your tweets, your the one
Thanks so much Steve!!
is getting ready for QuakeCon. Only two weeks away now!
Open Mic at the Neighbor Stage across from the Black Box at 3:45-7:15. Have talent? Come share it will us! Stage and sound system provided.
i missed it!
From today I'm an owner of Royal Entertainment, world!))
*curtsies* they're SO good too. I feel like I won a big battle. Lol
have Drysol Rick contact me. Encino is my area 818-780-0701 We'll be happy to provide a free estimate.
I was alway prepared to pull the "Are You Saying I'm Fat?" Card if I got in trouble for wearing skinny pants.
Recently started thinking of my as the display of myself as a human tamagotchi.
i'm only into guys who grab their crotch region in pictures. it's just my thing.
Big purple Barney ass.
true...but I still don't trust him as a qb
Feels like punching somebody in the face but I have to keep it
Order up: 'Trekkie' Teriyaki Burger...for all the Star Trek fans. $10.00 or less!
When is it premiering? omfg.
Well said! RT : Betty just got out-Betty-ed by her own daughter. Happy Mother's Day from
Happy birthday to our dear chorusmaster Ian Robertson! DG rehearsal paused to sing him in to the Act I finale!
who cares about chris brown. no matter how rich or famous they will always remain ghetto, will never learn to behave themsleves.
I think I'm in love ! Haha, gross ....
Thank you love ... You too !! <<<< Now following
Also, had a friendly Ethiopian driver on the way home. Recommended the vegetarian options at Ras Dashen. One of my favorite Ethiopian joints
I think it should be the goal to help audiences learn even when they don't know they are learning!
I guess tripping over my curtain this morning can count as bad luck
And we're off and running. Thanks in advance for following us here on Twitter, we'll keep you updated all the way through #FoodDay on 10/24!
hope you do feel 100% tomorrow. I'll let the manly voice slide. :)
Yeah I will :)
Hey, your boy Vin Gerard is following me. What nice things do you have to say for him? lol
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is late for everything so you always tell them to come 30 minutes before something starts. And I'm still late.
Not bad! Won 80 bucks from the Preakness.
You are what you believe you are,you are what you say you can be !
foreigners travel to get quality health care - to Cuba & the U.S. The issue is whether all of us have access to it
lol yea i feel u on that
so!!! Lol stop teasing me
did you see the news about ?
Sure, who am I speaking to and why is Glenn in parentheses at the end of your sentence?
but if she loves me and cares for me like she said she does she will try and make it work right
It was in the ceiling so I scraped out the bits of nest and pushed them out. It would be harder in the side wall, I would think.
I think I live you.....
follow me Justin please.
I always hated kids bop, they are dumb idiots.
EVERYDAY I WAKE UP IS A GUD DAY TEW ME ION LET PPL DECIDE HW MY ATTITUDE OR DAY GOING TEW TURN OUT
Large Real Estate firm in NYC r making a killin in Energy! Don't get left behind if you're a Realtor. Call for details 1-646-397-9817
bonding day with the pops :)
I am a Bay Area portrait photographer; Newborn & Baby Photography - Children's Photography - Maternity / Pregnancy Photography & Family
Going to the mall with friends!!!:)gunna be funn
Studies by the University of Michigan and Johnson & Johnson show advantages of corporate wellness programs including: •$1,100 a year for …
We are experiencing unexpected server outages and are working to remedy the situation. We will post updates as we learn more.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!
June 2nd I think
and Ron looks more bad ass in that picture
Packing for some West Coast fun; #DLR, a wedding, and headlining. Possibly a sighting of and
SWEET 16 BABY! Is it too early to start thinking about a #Wisconsin/#Marquette championship game?
Where do all the cocky people go after life?
I use spreadsheets exclusive to analyze & rationalize my feelings.... Are you trying to say something?
Getting ready for the best night on tv #TheKilling & #MadMen. Have 2 dvr #NurseJackie & #TheBigC Y can't they spread the wealth?
... Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I really need a nap before I hit the road tonight..
gives great advice! follow follow for relationship,love,and dating help!!
REMINDER! Grammar is playing this Thursday at DC 9 with Prussia. Kicking some new shit
Uh...is this not why we run? RT Just did my third run for #RWRunStreak. To whole foods to buy cream to make homemade ice cream.
Why are the bears so bad? So angry!
I don't think it's in the Cards to win against the Rangers tonight.
RT Highlights in Sports Broadcasting !
Sure thing, buddy. White 'Tweet that' shirt, correct?
Sometimes when I can hear crying from All The Way Down The Hall, I feel like not going back to my classroom. :(
Saw someone driving a Fiat. It wasn't J-Lo :(
M men with long hair...
When people from my school follow me it throws me off, but makes me smile
Burned the roof of my mouth...
Just go ahead and kill off everyone but Daryl. He's the only one worth watching AND prob only one who would actually survive an apocalypse
FOLLOW ME GREYSON!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!
. If I were less human, I'd agree. "I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy." - Martin Luther King, Jr
This weekend is gonna be fun wit
Yes! To a creative and productive 2012. Cheers!
You mad ?RT : Caint never get no sleep fuckin with this nigga 
I'd like to nominate predictive text as the worst consumer tech invention of the modern era. STOP TRYING TO CORRECT ME P.T.
but i dislike larry ok.
A pre-interview manicure really helps to calm my nerves :)
No matter where i am in the world and no matter where is in the world. The number 21 will ALWAYS remind me of him<21
First half stats ... Shots: Texas 6, Tech 3 ... Saves: Texas 3, Tech 5
Just kegged up my Cal Common. Thinking I'll take the slurry to work and do a little experimenting.
Out of all the gifts I received, my favorite, by far, were the gift receipts.”
Not feeling reassured by all the sirens I am hearing.
apparently she was sick.....again....like every week. #whythefuckaminotcut?!?!?
How can Andrew Bynum have such an incredible work ethic but play like a lazy piece of crap sometimes?
According to its National Cleavage Day? Go figure i am wearing a low cut shirt...
Thanks new followers and
I'll always have time for you <3
once Terrelle Pryor is drafted, won't player's union just file grievance to overturn suspension once he's a player?
yep, that Scott Walker. Unless you are thinking of another one.
the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
So I think I helped. I can't believe any one is taking sides with her. She did it with one of his good friends. Yelling at a wall helps xD
haha yea pittsburgh is the shit
Lana Del Rey - Born To Die, this song has been in my head the whole day <3
Experienced my first sandstorm last night. Crazy wind, no visibility, breathkng/eating sand- head for the trucks. wow.
Why Microsoft spent $1 billion on AOL's patents: Many assume Google helped drive up the price for AOL's intellectual property. But a ...
You play fantasy Chad?
Would inserting a <link rel="prerender"> to the DOM of a background page work for an omnibox/tabs extension?
#ImagineAustin asked:may I? U: may u what? A: have u forever? U: YES!of course Austin! I love you! A: I love u more! *kiss*
Waiting in line at MedPAC, no early entry for press! Doc fix excitement abounds.
RT : Strippers take quarters instead of dollars. Where are they going to put the quarters? Eww! -YOU are BAD!
30000 miles in 2 months! #united is making a lot of money out of me and i need a plan to stay home for a while
I get to see you today!!!
neoliberalism, hegemonic, and ideology all in one sentence! ah, american studies, there you are...
Thx for the follow ur what all indie horror directors dream of becoming
1 in 5 visitors to a mobile-optimized small business site leads to an immediate call to that business (Google, DudaMobile)
Seriously thinking suicide. Can't say this on Facebook cause ppl would make fun of me.
Great Gatsby paper... Anyone else suffering?
False... The Twins blowing a 3-1 lead in the 8th inning is the worst thing in the world...
you taught me to dream big and never give up!
I just miss the metabolism I had when step aerobics were popular.
Feel asleep early so now im up!
Rip out the wings of a butterfly by him is one good fucking song!
Diet Mountain Dew tastes like pure ass.
You got it. I want it. I'm on it.
Meant to tell u I finished Fairest of All-Love love love the ending! My girls n I r eagerly awaiting Annabelle's story:)
Biz Kids Camps are going really well this week....... I wonder who will win!!!!!! They all have great ideas.
better make it a good one then!
Welcome new followers!
,Watergate was Nixon trying to expose Progressives takeover the Democratic Party,Guns are Fast&Furious killers big differ
You're welcome. Keep up the good work.
Best therapy I know other than KY bourbon! RT Remember, wine is cheaper than therapy.
Well said.
My Pleasure! I like to spread Good News :+D Funny thing, just drove by it yesterday & thought it looked so charming!
- where is the position located?
OK....NO! I saw this the other day and can tell you I have no clue...;) am I gonna like it?
i wonder if youd get high if you ate them? maybe she was taking a que from pot brownies and making pot rabbit stew?
great game today! congrats!
entertaining video!
Sleep,gym,tanning <3
on my way to hubachi grill
Today, we would like to recognize Assurant Health for continuing to support & the St. Pat's Parade!
#dh11 #altac #alt-ac Good point. Though is at McGill in Canada. How might it differ in UK, eg?
Being offered Willingham, Lind & Youkilis (on DL) for Encarnacion, who's ice cold lately. Is he leveling out or just a cold spot?
Heading home from school early. Can't wait to see where Mom and Dad are going to take me for my thirteenth birthday!
I have mad love for the dancing hamsters...seriously...lol
How did dairy queen get prago ? Burger king forgot to cover his whopper
If you didn�t get a negative reaction, that means you�re standing neutral and you have no point of view
I always have an attitude no u jus get on my nerves
hahaha it's ok :D
haribol, prabhu! It's 'tirtha here in Austin. I'm excited about our bakery co-op :)
Taking drinks and medicine to knock me out, but end up being wide awake... this blows. someone text me till i sleep
awww! thanks for cred. miss my WP buddy and those conversations-will integrate WP into my teaching this summer 4 sure
Got a job interview tomorrow goin to sleep at 11
I can't wait for some good soccer action tomorrow and then the UFC fight tomorrow night
RT : RT : everyone staying up to help a sick friend
47 new tunes coming your way next week!! Disappointed we won't be getting them out in March, but darn close!
Nope, just stole it. Releasing an EP tomorrow on Deep Elm Records. “: #naturalcauses will be my next band name”
Sextip: Don't just lie there like the proverbial dead fish. Move around, change positions, be inventive, and wear him out!
Happy Hour all day! Stop on by 4:30-10p.m.
Damn this liquor
I keep tweeting instead of studying . BUT HEY , Austin is more important then a test;)
I gotta get in as many as I can before this nigga comes around when he comes around it's a wrap
love that store. Drive down from Takoma for it. Wish they had more organic produce though.
#Baseball fans follow us & share pics from the #ballpark!
you can get PDFs onto kindle over USB, too... But the zoom functionality is pretty rough once they're on it
Check to make sure your contractor has a license and is insured @ www.cslb.com .
makes it look so easy. And Jay Cutler makes it look so frustrating.
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Love > Lust
My daughter wants to go to china to get ingredients for her invisibility potion... lol
Stupid giving out red bags at AA Center tonight but wouldnt give one to my son because we are all sportin the red & black
#aasl11 social media can be used for the power of good, to build a community. Gasper Marturano @ The Learning Commons
LOL! My brother lives in the Mango Capital of the Northern United States. :) I'm sure he'd love those mangoes!
you guys coming back for the holidays?
did you end up liking WHITECHAPEL? I remember you started watching it recently.
Was it on a local channel or cable? Would like to watch that.
