Welcome to Twitter! (A delayed response.)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 6
Where's the TRX???
Holy crap am I tired! And my feet hurt!! How are you?
thanks! it takes forever to cut the names out though! of course I chose all lowercase. so many curves...
Sounds like your kinda party, Jason!
tell me more!
Sorry I missed most of the party, my son's soccer game went long!
So when you have nothing exciting to twitter about, is that what you twitter about?
I don't do jokes but I'm great at lullabys :+D Sleep Tight...
I just tacked it onto my ALA registration.
Waiting for Beix b4 the finish line. We'll run the last 100 yards as a whole team. A birthday cake is also waiting for Mike after the finish
Shitext- The action of sending a text message or instant message while dropping a deuce.
When you do things like this, it makes me not want to try.
OMICS Group is glad to announce the International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24October, 2012 at Chicago, USA.
#kobebryant literally going to have his best year ever. Did you see that focus yesterday!??! And it's training camp!!!
follow me on TWITTER! @ JaysonSimba!
Dear , we all know ur jealous of him so go home little buddy and shut ur fucking mouth...thanks....URGAYBASTARD
et al, Thx for your support!
": can u plz follow me back?? ☺ is this ur real account?" Yes and Yes :D
Wow! When your little one is gassy w/ an upset stomach. Powerful stuff.
L IS A L...SOUND LIKE A BUNCH OF HATERS YEA WE GOT BEAT BY 30 BUT YALL SUPPOSE TO BE THE "DREAM TEAM" THOUGH RIGHT....SERIES OVER
": Love ! And I use it it on clients with break outs the night before a shoot a lil dab will do! #ReadMyLips"
I really just want to move to Durango, I'm gonna apply there next year. It's so frickin cool down there!
interesting. i feel like it could be dangerous though. Would your enemies know that you're their enemy?
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
for real! You haven't been in 4th
I like her sassy hat.
welcome :p
Anyone know where to find free stock music online, where the songs are split into multiple tracks (a multitrack recording)?
Welcome to the new folks who've joined us here at Stephanie Epperson Music!!!! I hope something that is said, sang or written will be a...
"Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home." - Mother Teresa.
Bruschetta and Hacker Pshorr celebratimng #victory before the parent meeting tonight.
#WeWontWorkoutIf you act like a man but want to be treated like a woman.
thanks pegs! Miss you too!!
$avings on Catering www,patrickscatering.com
What does your sister do?
Electricity out for some southsiders-- charge your phones.
#UWRightNow: Refreshing the resume & proof reading a cover letter; some students at are graduating soon. Wish this guy some luck!
I'll pick you up when you're down, be there when no one's around. When you're in unfamiliar places, count on me through life's changes. <3
Im gonna be ready to Tie-Die tomarrow :) :) Bring Messy Clothes guys!
You Are My ★
DJ Contract In The Works...
We had 4 Cleaning appointments cancel today...Good For you - Anyone need a cleaning TODAY? Call us 303 975 6987
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there; have a great day!
Hey, sugar muffin!
Ha! At least you two don't share one, a la Mat Gamel and his wife.
you see blake and kris look a like lol
NewMusic Seminar Only 5 days left until NMS takes over NYC!!! Who is coming to the event next week?!?
Bad girls club is what's up
Happy Thanksgiving to all our US friends! Hope you all have a great day :)
Watching nerd prom
I Might Sale My Windows phone.
i'm so super excited! and yes i definitely will :) i'll be doing a livestream from my phone when i get to the concert &
#FridayListens: Chugging into Disc 12 of 13 on the immensely fab READY PLAYER ONE by & read by
BITCHES WILL DIE *pulls out gun*
so what's up with the DC CashMob?
Sometimes you gotta loose till you win
« #iHateHowSomePeople Can't admit when their wrong ...»
its 8:00am do you think I work the night shift or somthing,not at the moment but later today yes
Havent been this sick in a long time :(
4.1 gpa isn't good compared to number one in my grade -_- you're Asian.... So you're smart too
can you let us know when the #SWMilwaukee site is backup!
Thank you!!
I forgot to do my English essay /:
i love you pretty girl :)
no thank u
Don't ever date your best friend. Big mistake ever. take it from me, you guys.
Love you
Watching MONTY MOOSE yes...Narrative for Alaska animal show and then special on Iditarod races and the sled dogs.
i now ur right now all he does is with selena gomez all the time
Got my license this morning. Been driving for a year and finally took the test. Lol. Procrastinators untie! Tomorrow.
I can finally check "begin watching Community" off my to-do list!
she had so much trouble getting around for a while.
I feel like randomly doing a shoutout. Follow and . Do it :)
do you have a video or a recording of you singing? (:
We do not have a policy on archiving convention papers, since we no longer keep copies of accepted papers.
Don't wear a bow tie if you can't work it like I do. ;~)
be sure to watch tonight! Marty and my duet for Jose and Comfort has got soul!
agreed. It is not easy
Know I need to b sleep.
Site went back up a few hours ago!
Heat is whooping indiana's asses
what are you doing ron ron?
Girls with British accents are so effing cute.
Will do! RT : We Producers from Philly. If you are looking for Beats. Hit us -
It's official! Our new E.P. "Dirty Little Things" is on itunes! #yougetpointsif you check it out! Much love!
Well, I'll buy a song on the PC on iTunes and then I pick up my iPhone and it wants the password.
Three fucking games?!
God morning!
Woop! J'ADORE to the hilt :)
Sleep and I never meet.
Tonight we toast to the sincere (perhaps desperate) hope that tonight's rain will be warm like bathwater and melt all the ugly brown snow.
Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is. ~P. J. O'Rourke
TX for the nice note ! You have tons of talent w/both your photography AND marketing, and your business will soar!
Say what? RT : CEO of NYT just got exit package worth $23 million. The company's earnings over the past 4 years were $3 million
Thanks for coming!!! RT I'm at Comic Strip Live (1568 Second Ave, btw East 81st and 82nd, New York)
yup, I didn't wanna like it lol. Next is "Once Upon a Time..."
Thanks! My feet hurt, but it was a fun day in a GREAT city! :-)
Tomorrow at 12:00 How to Build "To Go" and "Shelter in Place" kits in the Kyle Morrow room
Lovin the Weather
Nations tell EU: practice the austerity you preach
Little known fact about ne... I LOVE scary shows & movies. Any ghost hunting show is my favourite show to watch! I really want to go on one
lol at my retarded spelling today! I couldnt even spell remember! and i was just thinking back to the hair salon girl haa
Not yet. And, it's raining. Mom won't go out in the rain. But I think it's going to clear off for the afternoon. It better!
This week's #phillyhunt prize will be a set of iBeats headphones and the question is coming at 12:30pm. Review the clue and get ready!
lol RT : Just saw a Celtics fan blame the team's struggles on the players' overconfidence. Wonder where they got it from.
Today is gonna be the longest day
Amen... RT : RT : Don't get worn out by your troubles, wear the devil out with your praise!
sorry if anyone finds that offensive. 😁
": Every female should be sucking some dick tonight" not every females does that.........
Wow...I forgot what a hard #workout #pilates is...I haven't done it in 3 years since my surgery...I feel great, though...
Went to the dentist just got back rlly early and i dnt gotta go to school yaaayyyayayay
but they do so so snappily!
#RufusKing: “and thus in our Construction of penal Law all ambiguities in wh. are construed on the side of Liberty & mercy.” [Blackstone]
Hair trimmed (not too short), good food to bbq later, found 's flat iron for $20, and starting to plan my bday!
No - I'm going catch up with the whole show on DVD
Thank you Bodog and Duke. Won money in a bracket buster on Bodog, forgot I even played with all the top teams busted.
I got a spot way past u!
If we brought kirko bangz to perform who will come????
I would be much more interested in a Rosenbaumfest.
yeah those make sense and are definitely convenient
Thomas Crum: What would it be like if you lived each day, each breath, as a work of art in progress?
no, no spiel on fb pages but looking forward to hearing it!
Oh, I agree! & I think this storyline is excellent drama. Far better than endless "Saint Jason."
Gremlin Media Sept 2010-Sept 2011 RIP
A relationship is not based on the lenght of time u have spent together, its based on the foundation you've built together
OY. Poor kids and poor mama.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool you aren't cool. Sit the fuck down. Wtf is this. I'm gonna fail. I hate people. This place is shit. This work is shit
Pulp Fiction: Because it gives people who are extremely high the sensation of watching a good movie, except you can follow it while high.
Lmao I think that was that bitch in the background
It's a phishing scam. Do not give your username or password!!!
Remember he was a mere senator then, he makes 68k more now.....lol
Lmao I wish she would do something with her ghetto ass. I got a glock POP POP Lmao
Be awesome to team up for the next Looking to benefit Seattle food banks.
You're still doing better than me. When I get bangs, I look like a french poodle.
oh god should I know who this Rahul is?
“Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.”
Welcome to Twitter!
His rankings are based off of #BroussardSources RT Cleveland has there worst week yet and is in the top ten now?
Oy. So when reading for work on an ereader, check length in advance in case, you know, the novel it turns out to be 1042 pages long.
#productiveSaturday and #productiveSunday ... break is winding down, almost time to head back to - #gameface until finals r over
did you really?? Didn't get the message ha and I'm almost positive she will!!
aight I got you Katie
Feel like I got rocked #OutKO!
Happy Halloween everyone!
what an awful day today!! how's everyone staying warm and dry?
welcome to twitter! Think you can keep up with ?
When you hungry at school hot cheetos taste heavenly!
Today in Buffalo sports history: In 1973, the Sabres played their first playoff game. Unfortunately, they lost 2-1 to Montreal!
Wow, now that's some strong wind! Feel like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz.
Bitch, I'll never quit the Internet!
My head laid to God's Chest...#My Life is At Peace
RT I havent been this happy in a long time,
any UX training suggestions?
"I'm from the street. I'm from the street. That's where I'm from!" -Train Crazy
Family Reunion season is here - call us to book your event @ 505-296-4852
That sounds like a great Friday treat! ": The weekend came early... cherry chocolate scones. Yum!"
Q10: OK, time to brag a little. What's some of the best journalism you or your sites have done (share links!)
"Since I was 12 yrs old I was into the hip-hop movement. For several years I was 1 of the most notable “hip-hop’ers” from Oslo’s West side"
"Find yourself first, don't be no fool"- Jimi Hendrix in Message to Love
I love all of you and it's me and behind this.
Coming in town the Indianapolis Boat, Sport & Travel Show? Give us a call and ask for the Renfro Boat Show Rate 317-578-1200
Most eventful part of my day: watching my mom lose her shit when we realized it was indeed a mouse running around our feet at home depot
RT : Direct Labor Multiplier=net revenue/direct labor #HRSUMMIT2012 - measure this vs. utilization to grow Revenue
turntable->mixer->kaoss pad thru send channel->laptop running audiomulch (w/apc40 & foot controller mappings)->back to mixer
Airtight adorable?
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT! We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
Something tells me that opening a #Shawarma cart in town would be a good move right about now.
Cubs and bulls = 👍 let's go Hawks!!!
3 puerto rican chicks, bottle of ciroc, and a Hotel Suite....
“: you go girl! Congrats on the Blood Ties film booking!” Thank you!!!
Hi Harrison , feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
which one the contested layup out of the post up? Maaaannnn f that LeBrick's gotta make at least 1.
Made routes wit Mel yesterday, I can learn alot from him thats my dude!
Haha, well let's just pack up and go to Birmingham right now then!! But for real, we do need a date night soon!!
Any sort of tentative beer menu?
glad i never did cocaine...i'd be the worlds worst
Going to school on a Saturday morning to get ready for AP CA exam.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
#raw10 i dated a woman who had hair on her legs. it was sexy until we were rubbin legs n bed. it felt Gay!
Steve Lavin just arrived at Baruch for the Big Apple HS Invitational
only 2.25 million--sounds like he lost indeed!! Gimme a f*cking break.
you sure about that???
Close round...Mayweather slightly...but really even round 4-3 Floyd
If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts
Tennis SFX up now in Sound Design, check it out on #productionvault!
That would be awesome, but I've already committed to teaching a class… Not sure I have the bandwidth atm to do another :(
2011 Beer sales down, with estimates showing U.S. shipments at their lowest since 2003 down 2.9 million barrels, or 1.4%, from 2010. LATimes
wtf is this bitch thinking ? Feeding her cheerios'
The world's a reflection of how children play.
every once in awhile i remember about twitter.
Spring sale is on 10am-6pm at our Camp Randall location. Stop by before the football game at 1pm!
I'm a Spurs fan.
WICKED GAMES .
#new #twitter #like ✌
Ak! Forgot it's a holiday weekend in #Tijuana :( traffic looks aweful driving downhill to the border
religious African-Americans
that awkard when a ugly girl sound fine as hell on the phone
How can we expect others to see value in us if we do not? How can we expect others to love us if we don't love and respect others like us?
when is it
I decided Jameson's was made for times like these. I left the fancy stuff for a more celebratory occasion.
how did she pass away ?
Does everyone have their tickets? You know he is on tour. Take some time to feel the magic.
Talk about a reality Show! last nite I went to dinner with my parents! and you would not believe the exp if I told it! I will try,CRAZYSTUFF
swallow my words, taste my thoughts
Off to Taylor and Josh's wedding!
Every damn day on the way home (G8 GT driver).
Working on tomorrow's radio playlist.
Looking for a reason to go out tonight, here's two. BOGO K9 cruiser and Brawler Pale Ale pints from 9-close!!
Um so I lost Ms. Cleo. I left her in the bathroom after her bath and when we got home that night she was gone!!! The crab hunt begins...
Old Travesty
i hope that chooses me to have a #GladeParty so i can share a smell-good house with friends and family!!
Jesus is literally everything . Why cant my mind or heart comprehend this ... i guess thats why its a constant war . Flesh vs Spirit
"You don't know true love until you wipe someones butt."
only to those who do not want to accept it.
Great Kickoff Meeting today - looking forward to the next year together!
My grandmother is telling me that liquor isn't good for me... She thinks I drink too much
I can see you starting to break..
Just leave me alone for once
No sight of any type of life here, let alone aaron.
The old 98.7 Kiss FM becomes "With The Kiss" FM as ESPN New York takes over the FM signal. 2 bad Bill Raftery doesn't tweet
- you are welcome John.
Ops missed to say 2 of 2 in last tweet #atxgov #atxcouncil I guess that means now 3 of 2
I have! But don't tell anyone because I'm a guy.
no please!
I can't say my life is awful without you in it, but I can't say it's perfect either.
#Messiisgoodbut I didn't get that big raise at the office.
RT Blitz or play coverage? - gotta blitz the now gimpy Vick.
Japan is so advanced they're working on the world's largest microwave.
Nothing like following a guy in a parking lot to get his parking space only to realize he doesn't remember where he parked .
You say your multi-talented.. being two-faced doesn't count.
Glad them tigers got rid of that losing streak
Happy Birthday!!! I hope you had a great day! :D
I am thoroughly impressed with this halftime show, and I've seen every #SuperBowl for the past 20 years.
made the switch
Don't give up on love, because there is always someone who loves you... even if it's not the person you were hoping for.
Can anyone suggest the best blogs to learn about advances in corporate wellness?
The Colfax 5K benefits - and they help charities supporting the arts, youth, human services
Nothing is normal no more everything is so overrated
Lil man sleeping bout time !
Uh-oh...With and we ended up at Poto!
It's a soundtrack morning. Today: O Brother, Where Art Thou?
oh girl. i just turned 14 friday. but Happy early birthday!
Just watched the ledge.. Good movie . What would you do ?
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 16
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
Was she singing the whole time?
I've been talking to him for a really long time, and we've gotten REALLY close. I really like him, but he lives 2 hours away.
I need to talk with the person with the most power of this organization!
Tomorrow is my last club meeting as club president, treasurer, and secretary. I'm glad it is OVER! (:
You'll remember high school for your whole life, why make it hard on yourself?
“: That awkward moment when you make eye contact with someone while eating a banana..”
Tryna get a famous persons retweet
Watching Barnard commencement w/ Prez on MSNBC. Bet dad Mark Alan Siegel kvelling in audience, his daughter graduating today!
one of the many reasons that you are one of the people on Earth I admire most
I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today. I predict at least one #stpattysday theme.
absolutely. Ok. Since I'm on the couch sick, I'll start the pin board. What to title it?
You've got 3days 2hours to figure out your plans before tips off against at 7:15pm ET on Thursday. What's it gonna be?
you don't fix it from the app...you log into the full webpage and change the password from there.
Practicing your facial expressions before going on stage.
CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebow-mania? Someone's ass is going to get kicked there!
hmm, I suddenly love tuna fish again?! I must be old.
First day of training for the half marathon, and I'm on my couch with red wine and a romance novel. This will go well.
since when do you have a twitter?!?!
I got top ten at least
Love doing nothing on
At least the Bills looked like a football team again. Now if they can just relearn how to win like a football team.
OMG i gotta go see Dark Shadows !!!
S/O to , my 800th follower.
When youre disorganized, you never find what you're looking for but you do find what you were looking for a week ago
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers in the world...our job is not easy, but always in demand...:)
Its a lot of stress to have to worry about people. Its not easy to deal with,I never want to know what those things feel like
nothing like a petty dictator trying to stress the freedom of his fiefdom by making his children buy into his ignorant beliefs.
Are you at the #JDRF walk here in #clt this am? Would love to say hi & welcome you to #clt!
Sometimes all the alcohol in the world won't cure the horny.
And we do Wine Flights under $15 on Tuesdays!!!!
I pretty much love everybody right now
Damn...still up...I got on my mind. I love my baby so much...
Wow, The #WalkingDead redeemed itself tonight.
This just happened with Mary J? Perhaps both promised burger dream sequences.
I'm sorry, don't know how I never see this until now. :-/ You can always contact us at
I do, I just want more haha
2 chicken pattie sandwiches and huge ass pile of potato stix.
congratulations!!! You are awesome! So proud of you :)
Time to get it! Get that Thursday #hustle on and get on the #water tomorrow evening!
You're so pathetic that its annoying
shout out to for always retweeting me!
Talking about registration
its said I have the craziest shoegame EVer....
Just got dropped off at Bazil's #Hostel in Westport #NewZealand by the Jet boating tomorrow!
the race you are regardless of what transpires in it why live being this race?
Im a Tortilla Coast and is at Tortilla Cafe..we were SUPPOSSED to be having lunch together...
burp spicy??? very interesting I don't think my pallet is sophisticated enough for this beer
I wanna dance , I wanna love , I wanna dance again <3
He's already said he'd have serious reservations about that. He stands by his principles. We'll see what happens. :)
- imma show you how to make your man say oh [;
Is anyone within the sound of our tweets in #Houston and #drupal proficient? If so, would love to talk to you. Please RT!
Djing farbar solo tonight. The subs from moca r pumping ridiculous bass. hard to mix when all I hear is woooomp wooomp wooomp
Dinner with and #candlelightdiner :)
My girlfriend>>>> your girlfriend 😜😘
oh wow!! I'm gonna have to check that out.
sleeping eyes
That's a popular shirt and I've never heard of or scene one w what you said on it.
Fabulous turnout for Future of Law Part II today - thanks to all our participants & audience.
Join for a free #wine tasting today from 5-8:30pm @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 34
I'm at West Lawn , using their wi-fi to download apps onto new Android tablet, *This* is why we should support libraries..
Have a glass of wine and let go.
New KoRn and Paul Wall rock!
Is it necessary 2 have a prophetic voice in ur life? One ordained 2 be the undershepherd 2 help lead & show u the way? Yes!! Roman 10:14
got 10 out of 11 in 5x5 snake. Who should I be targeting w/ my 1-2 pick?
sounding so good!
game cube. Nintendo FTW!!
We have a beautiful & yummy surprise for one of our YES Abroad students whose birthday it is today. Can't wait to meet her at orientation!
well obviously ur invited ur my
wouldn't improve the life of some people I know that's for sure.
Up bright & early for a class that means nothing anymore bc we are done. Hy make us come here?
Strike three - the bartender didn't know union jack was Firestone walkers IPA
Morning All :-) feel great today!
I love Bob Marley!! .his songs are so peaceful ..
Hey dumbass , the point was making is valid. Balt didnt make all those moves from 1 game
This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a whimper.
A limbeck tshirt is appropriate for all occasions.
how does downtown Tokyo stack up to Times Square NYC
Nothing at all. You still listen to patrick?
Oh, if I could have a Starbucks Office - Heaven.
Coraggio, tutti! It's Audition Week at Mt. Vernon Place.
It's cool. I'm really busy so its going to be a couple of weeks before I can get the verse to u. I'm in the middle of some promo.
Beautiful morning in laguna beach!
lol I will do just that
My area code spells out VIP. TSM.
whats that supposed to mean
Take for your star self-reliance, faith, honesty and industry
Plodder at work. Bam Morris...
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington~ Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line except insofar as it doesnt.
thank you Justin <3
Twitter is one more argument against silent letters in English words.
Who else has been watching the Chad Ochocinco dating show? These girls are stupid! He can't seriously be attracted to them!
it's okay. that's why i have small children.
S/O for havin some gorgeous eyes :-)
we can offer 2 complimentary tickets to our NYE event for followers! LV #charity benefit
The grass is always greener where the dogs are shitting. Blasting some Soundgarden while driving through Montana.
Pete Campbell...you have a dirty mind!
Happy place. Happy place. Happy place.
thank you.
me too, i miss my used to be</3
oh. we've been tweeting a stranger. this makes more sense.
which day are you going?
I say both actually /: get floyd and TO
Had a great day yesterday with Lacy Edwards the love of my life!
Wait, what? I assumed T-dog and Tyresse were supposed to be kind of parallel.
It's already Thursday morning. Good morning. Not sure that I'm ready. Make it a great day!
I'm really excited my Dad is coming in today and I'm introducing him to my love.
Met many interesting art collectors & gallerists during trip 2 Palm Beach this week. Most favor contemporary + trying to pick next big thing
thank you
Bird's are chirping and I don't need my winter coat?! Is spring really here??
my lunch just filled me up...i mean all the way UP!!
Haha same to you. No idea!
another great place for happy hour is inside Ivars in bar area awesome food great prices!
I had the pleasure of presenting the Dan and Cathy Leab Award at AMIA today to Charles Hopkings, long time UCLA film archivist. Go Charles!
Good stuff! I just voted for TROUBLE TIMES THREE.
RT : A giant victory for working class Americans tonight. We will not go down without a fight.
PS3 Motion Controller? I'm not sure copying the success of the Wii is the right thing to do. Just PLEASE don't ditch the Sixaxis..EVER!
Andalus Miami is new. Spanish tapas in the old Pacific Time location. Fratelli is a good bet for a larger party, too.
i resolved my feelings because I cdn't live in fear, things flow into life & out of it, everythig in motion, give,get,give,get
Still trucking along at 5 am. Need to finish this study guide by 6 to fall in line with my schedule for an hr nap.
..she's a cutie. like that plum color dress! Definitely gonna be a #BKBabe when she gets older...hahaha. <3
ATTENTION: w/ "ice-rink" conditions we'll be canceling classes tonight / watch #codeorangerevival elevationnetwork.com 4pm PST
Does anybody know where the truck is?
#BGC Dam that looks like 1 mess of a reunion! And I am totally upset Perez isn't hosting it!
sigh! Wish I was there!“: Breaking news- Ben Mankiewicz to introduce Citizen Kane March 9th at Hearst Castle Visitors Center”
GM! I'm sippin me some coffee thinking about where I'm watching the Super Bowl at....
:) where do u work?
I called two incorrect numbers for editors from Can you help? :)
@ virtue social media summit, las Vegas - Reggie Bradford, CEO & Brian Solis keynotes.
p meeting... Allot of creativity in the Room.. #jellovideo CHEAY
are you the one with the 'secret' blog? The one that gets lots of traffic, but no one knows it's you?
We maybe seeing more than one #Pettite performance in #ROC at this rate.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
Learning film theory at nho today. #awesome!
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. House pillaged by yanks. 'our clothes were used for the vilest purposes'
that's when I swerve out and cut in front of that bitch XD
fever claim you too lol
Because I have a sailor mouth
President Obama visited this past weekend; he picked up several books, including ROOM!
we can rent a penthouse with the money from our nonexistent summer jobs
paul pierce scares the shit out if me in this 4th quarter...he has a history of big 4th quarters against my Hawks
Um any time after 3 on Tuesday works, and maybe some time on Wednesday. It really depends how moving out goes.
Glad you found our snake ID site helpful!
#RealFriends dont judge whatever it is you do and fully supports u
Awesome quote: “: The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell
Struggled to get 5+ miles this morning after last night's hill run.
Happy Friday! Gorgeous, sensational weather in Austin today! Now I just need to get outside and enjoy it.
srsly, where do you work?
Got no ID
I dunno dude....still possible.
This is the first NBA game I have cared about in years. Go Dirk and the Mavs. Lebron the coward never deserves a championship.
well, rules are necessary. But we'll see what happens in.... 25 days now? I would love to be fucked by both of you ;) you ...
in da A-town is where u can find me
Getting ready for the long weekend and the #JacobFestival this July! #HappyFriday!
HW shutter button. FTW!
I see ya looking , wit ya looking ass 👀
If u can't get someone outta your head maybe there suppose to be there
my insane clumsy day was yesterday! A nap helps reset hand/eye coordination. ;-)
Whenever I start to miss you, I remind myself of the bitch you are and why I made this decision.
we did it! Way to go D!
Kagifa Krink who in the world is she?
Driver is hiring Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds.
I think it could work if he writes something like Gosford Park for them. One weekend of murder and sex. I'd go see it.
you are more ... Baby I need you to forge same for me
Just printed out my boarding pass. Looking forward to speaking at #IHRIMConf tomorrow!
“: How many innings was the longest game in Mets history? We are also looking for the date and the opponent.” Mets v Cardinals 9/11/74
Just ran into Papa Hill here at the RG!
I could be playing QB right now!
lmao challenge accepted
haha, yeah, forever the sweetest couple. ;')
and it seems that SII is getting ICS imminently... I see it's rolling out overseas.
haha we had like 4 days! get it this summer
The enterprise is a social network - just not one based on friendship.
I am honored that I am being followed by the bad assedness of all that is: Was great to see you too man
Swoon tonight? I Think so.
gotta learn a bunch of no doubt songs by the end of september...
We have added fresh cuts of Purple Trainwreck, ChemDawg#4, Shiva Skunk, and Island Sweet Berry to our shelves, the shelves are full.
Great feature in Masable today! I work for so we love your article!
We'll see you there! We can't wait to have fun while helping out a great cause: #toysfortots!
lemme know if you need a mixer on that record.
Thanks for the promo babez!
If Chief Teare doesn't make it to May 1, he gets nothing. Has to be in the deferred retirement program for a minimum of 3 years to get paid
Feature on a teacher in Detroit on NBC Today show check it out
Freaking rain.
No ABDC taping for me :(
I love u baby!
Leaving a fab meeting with the team, inc I'm delighted to publicize their centennial benefit dinner on June 4.
ugh. the yelp logo. ugh.
if you don't think before you speak because you can use that as an excuse I can certainly respect that.
thank you
is going CRAZY!!! I've never seen her like this lol (:
It's really quiet in the office. Plotting on how to shake things up. My current ideas will probably get me booted out.
Yes midnight in Paris!
but he's so cute!!! I'll work on it though hahaha
Worst part of a delayed long flight? Haven't even taken off and my back hurts from sitting in this seat for over an hour and a half!
That's exciting news! Where!?!?
nice...when I get back to the states...I'll get some new Giants gear...its baseball season here in Korea....Yankees gear!
hahaha you better get that fixed hahah!! aw chasity take it to a phone place lol
hell yeah and college together!
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Mineral Point shortstop Logan Benish with a leaping grab to save at least one run. Two outs in Fennimore seventh.
somthing is wrong with my bra
don't think so sunshine
I washed my Bradshaw jersey in preparation for today's game. I have a feeling this won't be our last game of the season.
the treasure is you!!! Xo
Former PennSt. player supporting team at next game: "It's for the kids that have to go out there on Saturday." What a piece of shit scumbag.
Im honored to create the great Muppet!
For the next 54 minutes swing by Tipsys Liquor World and get the deal shown here: Build your own Mondays!
Thanks Doc! The blog was getting a bit too heavy... a little digression that was actually fun.
Tebow on jets and manning in Denver gon be a interesting season
thats right. I guess I'll just tell you when you come by tomorrow. What time you get off?
Is it bad that I rearranged my room just because I needed a better space to keep all my alcohol?
Just like Tiger, those who transgess the law need to apologize to family, friends, colleagues, employees and everyone who loves and supp ...
Chocolate chess pie w/ blood orange, olive oil & sea salt at Sorry no picture..ate it too fast! Yum
If you been feelin tired try drinkin more water you may be dehydrated and not even know it sip water throughout da day its good for you]]]]]
Focus Magazine would like to know: Who do you think are the best fine #art #photographers living today?
tired of paying Braddock's salary
awk that was supposed to say the names megan.
I Really Need NEW Friends.
you're the cutest. Sexiest. Blackest homo on twitter
Just completed a day of training with a pro sports team. Terrific bunch of guys. Email if we can help u/your team!
I'd like to try and make it!!!
I want some Tommy's .-. <3
so am I, just by different methods and philosophies.
no. I'm out of town Sun., and Tues. is bad too. Yest., today, or Mon. would have all worked. My early req. form is ignored
#5 Luey V F/ Klazik "shoulda coulda woulda" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
omg your so cute!:3
well.then have fun with that,ha
bad bitch.
nah im good
AHAHAH I LOVE YOU
Likely because by the time you joined the original listing tweet was replaced by a new one. You can reply to new one?
Phone about to go on SILENT AND MY EYES ARE ABOUT TO CLOSE -Same As SHIT)
shieeet now I'm bout to watch it!
What do you prefer? Graphic image or photo image used for profile image on Twitter? I like a picture.
I was a moderator for a casting notice service where I doubled the membership to over 9,000 subscribers (advertising auditions, roles, etc)
Did you get $50mil for it?! Just finished your first book, btw, excellent read!!!
Dnt think about it..BE about it
Where is everyone watching the butler game?
Happy Birthday enjoy even tho its raining outside don't let it mess up yo day
Haha! RT : My #sources tell me that Henson had no pain while clapping sarcastically in an opponent's face. He's good to go.”
You ever talkin to your former flyer teammates
- Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
I lost my W-2 from work and I'm trying to do my taxes.. What's your deal?
Great day w/ my Mum! And tomorrow, it's off to NY to spend a couple of weeks & then to London and Florence! :) Cannot wait to see my Dad! xo
" No matter where I go, what I do, it sucks 'cause I want to be with you "
RT : Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday. Lol.
We had such a great weekend at RABC! Remember the victory. Thank you for having us! Hope to see you all soon! "Is this yours?" << Gotcha
Has been stopped crying over yesterday's upsets yet?
Alan, sorry, just saw your Tweet. I hope you found the courtroom.
When Jeniffer's only a knock away >>>
Tweeting is akwk, at least my birthday is this weekend ,
Happy birthday
last day interning at mom & pop talent agency in Hollywood. learned quite a bit in a year. thinkin i'll check out producing internships next
The only thing worse than seeing evil in the fundamentals of humanity is taking joy in that assumption.
Hey, I'm always here in case you need help binging something ;-)
when you don't want it, the car gets towed. When you call to get it towed, takes hours......smh
you're the only one i didn't see last weekend =( miss you <3
Why, thank you!
Congratulations to the team behind on winning the top awards 2011!
try and ask for more info on the open call!
What? Serriously. They dont think he is weird? Have you seen his videos were he wears make up and play with knives?
Damn. Just realized a book I picked up @ the library sale is part of a series. Guess I should stop now that I'm only on page 3, huh?
: the strength of public and academic institutions lies in the goodwill of their users and collaborators.
Mark your calendars: Aug 6 is #music #minneapolis New album is out in June.
Yeah, I liked you, but those feelings changed.
I love Astro. Way to pick a winner@ so talented. RT : Are you enjoying the show????
Thanks for the mention! You can always write me at and let me know what you like and don't like.
The Bolt Bus is calling your name...
First I have to know. Can you really sing?
also, why are girls sluts for having sex? guys have just as much sex but they get praised for it, and girls get put down.
Dairy allergic daughter eaten dinner rolls past 4 yrs. We love! New Package- contains dairy. Why? Her breakfast - gone. Sad!
Guy chucks more than P Willy
But making a password?! I think it's scummy because I'll log in with twitter to AVOID yet another password.
ya. $10 is cheap for an event. I would just feel weird registering & not finishing. Would that be my first DNF?
Tonight's the kind of night I miss
Bill & I LOVED visiting Tybee Island...very special place for me.
4 real twitter won't let me u guess once u get 2 a certain number of follows mine will only let me follow ppl who follow me
thanks and ditto
jealousy doesn't look good on anyone! ;-)
Stepping out of my grilled chicken comfort zone. Attempting to be a chef tonight.
thanks Trish :) we are at summerstage on this Saturday July 23rd. :)
A Messge of Hope Cancer Fund Benefit and Auction Gala May 7th 2011, 7pm to 12am. Register or donate at www.amessageofhopecf.org
First shot of the day. I love toothbrushes!
ask him how his day was he hates when fans spam him like talk about a different subject instead of saying follow me all the time
Omg wen did I reach 900 followers!!! Thnx so much but I'm bout to do #followbacks and give my 900th follower a S/O
A good leader develops new leaders.
u want and i want and god do what he want ..:)
I'm getting bored with Deandre on American Idol
free food and booze at #skype party. RJD2, neon trees, + a few more :) wish you were here!!
My mama swear she funny .
Always quiet on New Years Day! Lazy day, football, family and good food! Happy New Year!
Tomorrow I will be co-hosting Founder Friday Los Angeles for I am so excited!! thank you :D
All things are difficult before they are easy.
#INeverThought i'd be the one to fall harder, to be the one still holding on, to be the one left cause I cared more.
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn.
Great new issue. Some choice stuff for sure!
Merry Christmas everyone <3
well looks like i aint getin a webcam deal finally went thru
If u want ur tweets sent to my phone follow my personal kk?
Hundred grrrls running around screaming!
Building a form and I want to give the "value=" attribute values for text inputs. Can I do this in the #PyroCMS core contact form?
A COUPLE DAYS LEFT TILL MY BRO #SINCERELYTORY DROPPS GONNA BECRAZY
is Danielle going to move in with you?
yea! I was joking too
yea bc u messy!! Then u gotta tell everybody who won and demonstrate fight moves
I can't stop watching movies
We don't know what or said but we're saying YES! Hope to see you soon!
I have been good, just taking care of my little girl and working. How have u been? It's been too long!
Backlog of a 100 emails.. cleared!
is doing filmstuff.
what the f is the point of decaf coffee...
Having internationals as your closest friends is awesome...until they decide to leave :(
I mainly use it to post funny photos for coworkers.
I miss being all the way open for day games. I thought maybe today they'd leave my right panels retracted because Braun wasn't playing.
Watching it now!
What is everyone working on this week? As always, if you have any #PR questions let us know!
damn you, Hoarders on A&E and your evil, evil ALL DAY marathon! my life has practically been on hold for the past 12 hours.
Hiker survives in Utah desert for 4 days with no food after breaking leg - New York Daily News
On my way to ATT for Cal v OSU. Go Bears
RT She high-fives you after sex.
Hey wanna make my night and follow me? :) It's been a long day of recovering from the flu and I need a boost!
Anyone interested in a regular fact-checking side gig?
Yey I brought new earphones:)
Send some updated pics of the planes
Angling for a call-up? (Cld use him in bullpen) : Stay with it bobby Valentine I am in your corner big fan of you &the red sox
heeeyyy sweetheart! i am fine. Lately i've been more than busy so that's why i've not tweeted u often. srry. wbu?
Cover letter done -- until shreds it. Now, it's time for my first bloody mary of the summer. Beautiful day to have off
Dancers! What is the weirdest thing you keep in your dance bag? Tweet me in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
Should I get an eyebrow piercing or tongue? :oo I need help choosing one.
#ATTENTION EVERYONE! [[ Follow - to gain 100+ new followers easily + she has #EPIC tweets you all can relate too! ]
ask soper what time it was and he told me to get a watch
Sounds like you've become quite the groupie.
hey hey hey ! :D thank you !
I think I have to at this point! Btw watched Jon Lajoie on comedy central last night...hilarious man! That's my inspiration!
Ckb gets a lighting design nod for #woollyboise. Yea!
is there a chance of that happening? or is it just part of new employee orientation?
Dr. Harris is AMAZING!,..
i just cannot wrap my head around the psychoanalysis part of rubin's traffic in women
A handbag. E!
Thank you!
What's up J? How are you coping with the weather?
In the most magical place in the world!
Did you win the Real Milwaukee Makeover from , and ?! Watch Real Milwaukee tomorrow to find out!
maybe try pearescope. we'll push notify you only when you meet a friend of friend for the first time.
is your Gmail Valid
Justin Bieber Have Special ReletionShip With Vanessa Hudgents.:))y
TDD is valuable but dangerous. It is HARD to think of all the test cases and your code fits only the cases you think of. Just learned that.
Thank you beautiful 😉 “: awesome avi!!”
You are most welcome! ☺
And we are done. Texas bound tomorrow!
ECLISSE SYNTESIS® Ideal for those who love minimal interior design, the new Syntesis® collection by Eclisse includes sliding systems and
They're all going to die in there.
Smiles, sunshine and patios at apt138 and drink for $3
No I hadn't yet. Good grief.
NEW MIX coming though in about 10-20 min
Don't Mess With Texas! RT : heading out in a few minutes for #htx #bowl12. ready to kick ass and take names.
Dr. Alex! Thank you for a fabulous night x
it would be on a payton video haha all my friends were Talkin to her and I'm like yea bye lol
but I didnt know/forgot about Kony. Ps. This is also , twitter jail sucks
thanks for the follow!
Your mom is a "renewable energy source"!
Im doing really great now im talking to you ... Just taking it easy watching some baseball
No one ever says slacks anymore.
Letting Loose All Summer..
Can you pls follow us so we can follow up with you?
Isnt there still the main event tag match thing? This is gonna go waay overtime!
I try my best to let shit go...
i want you to know i will always be here for you, no matter where you decide to go or do, i will always be here to support you
But, if it were really that simple, none of us would have a weight problem, would we?
great! did you meet any new people? tell us about your experience! not sure i () personally got to connect with ya :(
Any good placenta recipes?
A2: Utilizing locally sourced foods not only creates the brightest flavors but allows us to support our community as well!
Back at work. I guess #BrewersFantasyCamp is truly over.
I'm yellin free V-Nasty
#BITCH,I know~! LMAO
we are getting pedis in your honor.
Want some Subway right now addicted to it buts its good for u. Up early today catching up on some MTV A.M. videos an ESPN
AWESOME :) Welcome to the community. Ping me if you need anything. So happy to see that edit! :D
When all this #Christmas madness is over.......I'm going to have me a white Russian. 2 more days of taking #pictures of
thx Sam! I have one for u to cross post for Friday ;) hope ur doin well chic...thinking of ya!
raging as always
Dear #Oomf ive seen your vagina so many times it doesnt even phase me.
Just got a spam email with the subject, "Penis 95% Success Rate."
My moufff still hurts.
Voted YES!!! Let's make this happen!
Great show #tonight super dancing by the fan club.
today is just a chill day i guess
ALL elevators should start playing music from the Twilight Zone as as you get into them.
what fake dog poo
And Baron Davis is on the end that bench...7 straight
lol again nailed. Ouch you guys are very transparent. I don't think you are being paid to be. ,)
Agreed. Stomach totally turned when I saw it.
I'm in need of a minor miracle. Is there an office I can submit for a miracle locally?
thanks guys 4 da shout out! We're the experts in small clothing mfg 4 mom n pop boutiques-made in America..lives!!!
Look at meme trackers to see what ideas are spreading
RT : I ate far too much at Kaiser's today. And, judging by my waistline, all of my life leading up to Kaiser's, too.
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?!
“: A lot of females wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with Mr. Player, Mr. Wrong, and Mr. Ain't Shit.”🙌
Thanks for the #branding yourself workshop! I'm motivated and confident to apply for jobs!
do you think more teams should rest their starter and let backup get reps in 3 score games? Amazed they keep starting qbs in.
- Good luck & best wishes - we'll look forward to working with you in new role
T-minus 3 weeks until application deadline! Congrats to partner cloud for an incredible NEW class
Minor setback for a major comeback!
yes, upscale dress code will be in full effect! its a NEW YEAR! 2011 is over!!!!
Bored this weekend is gonna suck
They're so good!
The sad thing is, there are such talented people on Broadway I'm sure but it's soo expensive. What happened to film musicals y'know?
well try to find the door, then walk out and WALLA!! your OUT...
No, lots of ppl use kids as weapons. If they don't have that, they will use something else. Like a dog.
IHOP With Grandma..Nice :)
Blonde Assassin lives to see another day!
I'm with ;) #straightboy ?
#SUPER PRODUCER HARD @ WORK!
One lesson. Do not rush into relationships.
Aight, in on my way.
Dear Austin Mahone, would you be my valentine? Fuck. I hate to wake up from dreams.
Walking in downtown Palo Alto to to get pumped up on the way to work!
I'm so stressed out. Can't wait until tonight!
I'm great! Just hanging out with my family today! I'm about to walk to the ice cream shop with Kayleigh!
Louisiana's crowned King of Seafood had to doff his chef's hat to a colleague from Alabama.
I know the meaning of life it's hockey or maybe football ;)
A referral a day keeps the doctor away ;-)
This, too, shall pass.
Also-Looking fwd 2 Tweeting #Happiair Twitter party TONIGHT 7pm central w/ &
Girl 1:"nice wheels" Girl 2:"nice shirt" Girl 3:"nice light" Girl 4(screaming): YOU'RE REALLY HOT!" random cars full of girls make me laugh
NOT ME :D
Yo I've been wanting to hit up fort worth. Hopefully soon to check out
: Amy Adams has been cast as The Baker's Wife in the Public Theater's production of Into the Woods in NYC this summer
boys boys boys WE LOVE THEM WE LOVE THEM
cuh tell Auntie i said happy mothers day
Hopefully next year will be different and he'll be more comfortable, and people won't be so quick to attack him.
Bloody Brunch's 1st of two summer tweetups will be at 's fabulous patio! Check out today's for an amazing deal!
do you have 3 tickets?
boom. Win
Why is this prosecutor acting like this is her Oscar acceptance speech? Disgusting
It's pool & flip flops time.
everyone needs that friend that can tell you straight, "oh boy, snap the fuck out of it!" so glad i have one.
Two things: They're are free pancakes in 604, second I need some hockey tickets for tonight. Thanks :)
Student and teacher emotionally literacy! Huzzah. Typing this on my old Dell D610 running Ubuntu 12.04. Great to hear from U
house party at Emily's tonight
good morning, how's your week going?
ABORT MISSION. ABORT IT. ABORT.
Thank you for what you are doing to honor our nation's heroes.
Not this season.
Your new profile pic looks AWESOME:)
No one seems to care for it when I call them boss, especially my boss.
Up early for a change!
Yeah you're beautiful, but I won't sweat you because there is billions of other women!
love is the answer to all ur questions, go ahead and test it out and prove me right
I'm cleaning these skeletons out my closet tonight...
what you talking bout lol im over dee house right now
Zombie turtles for life
you want to experience the hug train, admit it
Observation would indicate that the children do not always exercise the best judgment in the selection of their food in the cafeteria [1944]
Hear me you never gets old.
Yes, quite. RT Friends session more than a bit amazing. Also, Samantha and Lesley...
One waft of McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee and you will be lost in a daze of warm deliciousness!
It goes down tonight Come get it in with the Brass-A-Holics...you know how we bring that intoxicating sound...GET IN THERE!
tomorrow you finally join the 22 club :)
“: Meet & skeet at jugrnaut in cHicago today be tHere!!!!!!” yall better go!!!!!
“: I just texted her about u too hmm”lol what you say.??
If I've learned anything this semester, it's that West Memphis isn't that bad. (Fuck Beebe.)
Thanks for coming to our December Tail Date! It was so fun! Great photos!
Here they are...the 2 Broke Girls. How about some cupcakes for the audience?
Think positive. Thats all you have to do.
that one sided shit.. forget them
One has to understand the entertainment required in the event.
Listening to VC who funded a project for $15 million give advice to #lawstudents about the viability of their project.
Of course. What's the name on the reservation?
yet.. could get Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery at 37. Richardson opens the field. Little could make a jump from last season.
Well time for me to hit the sheets good night my loves blessed dreams!
I love that I can sleep & wake up with the windows open, feeling the crisp breeze. Happy Sunday!! :)
digesting tofu in the dimmer light of our dining room. Just skyped with Emily in Mexico City for her birthday
I want to blast my music and clean my room... Odd.
Until you make peace with who you truly are, you will never know what you are meant to become...
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing
text me purty girl(:
"When you think nothing but negative thoughts about yourself, it is impossible to appreciate positive traits and attributes in others."
sorry so late, got pulled away for awhile. But you are welcome! It is so true. Most do not do that & they really miss out.
But I only want to be an asshole on twitter! Really! :-)
I'm ready to graduate already.
Hey man, and myself run shows in Abq and can help you set a show
I have an idea about your situation
bobby flay-o-fish
I ain't never been scared to #whip out
Or Worse..... Pittsburgh. RT : Josh Beckett doesn't care. So how about not caring in Kansas City?
My husband is a faithful bus rider and has encountered the same thing on a number of occasions!
Spiders are in full-on invasion mode at my house
Bad call.
"You have to blame the players" said Jim Rice at Fenway for Globe Insiders event.
Performances getting underway at Capitol rally ... Revving up crowd w/ now- familiar tune: This is what democracy looks like
when someone steals your jokes..
We had a great time there! We are looking to come back soon!
I'm the ghost with the most, babe.
Great news: I've finally recovered from the weekend. (It's Thursday.)
Good times
I love you. I will have to talk to you later. Try and get on facebook in about 2 hours if you can?
That is just absolutely a great idea...Fritz Pastry as new end point for fitness fanatics!!
Google opens BigQuery cloud analytics to all
can't believe freshman years almost over
So happy to have you in Green Bay. This is gonna be a great season!
Dang, can I use this line....I'll pay you ;)
Also, the tenor in this hizzy is a dead ringer for
Don't even care no more
This is an unbelievable offer. You pay $2 and you get $10 worth at Copper Gable Cafe in Madison. Only through www.dealoria.com
rehearsal was kick ass today, I smell a live show brewing...
I had a work cell phone in 1990. The 5 pound battery pack was connected to the phone . It looked like I was carrying a big black brick!
I wanna go out and play in the snow.
lots to do and so ready to do it!
#mobileappsxsw &tmobileapphackathon starting in 45 min room 2 1st floor. First come, first serve ^MB
Watching segment on Fifty Shades of Grey with a very uncomfortable gramma in the Toyota waiting room.
MADISON. why was 6 afraid of 7? (;
#Firefox 11 is still acting weird with view page source (on html files). Keeps returning the pre-auth version of a page I'm logged into.
boom! busted! tell ya what, sometime soon I will come visit and we can go. Had no idea you were that close!
Oh to see in my mentionss
So who thinks Paul Martin should be benched for game 4?
Just spent an hour listening to our students talk about what they think about the courses. Kill me now.
Why did I decide to soak my hair in vinegar before I go out
Im getting that shirt! Well, whenever it become available online!
All I have to say is I feel sorry for you...
Tomorrow = pool + down the shore + music + dinner out... The perfect equation.
Great! Lets test it...
DYK? Barbara Jordan,1st Black person 2 deliver keynote address at the Democratic National Convention is a member of DST ..
got nothing
If this year I am to give my heart to a special young lady, she's going to get every inch of it!!! #ready to love
lol hell yeah, freddie gibbs sound like a deacon tho lol
Why is Joe Rogan famous?
MT : ... #GeekTrivia. A computer company called Pegasus dropped a few letters to became ASUS to appear higher up alphabetically
“: Desperately want to put my #dick in ;)” dayummm... Ok! ;) kik me! Same as twitter. Lol. ;P
yeah i wish he could see everyone of us
Mediation today. No time to tweet.
On my way to Milwaukee with Stop by and say hi.
is really excited by the new year buzz flowing around everyone
So much to do, little time tho
i'm proud of you...
follow his got all the moves and FOllOWERS to follow BACK
hail just took off paint from my railing. kinda an epic storm. stay safe people!!
For shame!
Well humbly, thanks...-BF
We LOVED your Oreo cheescake the other day!
i havnt heard turn to you yet.. its to loud in my house. lol but im getting nervous to listen to it!!
Sandless sandbags are for flood control,water diversion,leaks or spills. Protect critical infrastructure,home or business during floods
My Saturday ..... Wasted !
I pray God rocks your world with your inheritance!! You are SO loved. xx
Got you followed! From Karma.
Thanks for you reply. I tend to agree.
Hmm. The boys want to eat Golden Corral after wrestling weigh-ins.
Prater Cup- Crested Butte! Be there to see young Team Summit Colorado Alpine Racers tear it up!
#googleloudoun is starting in
I saw that. She is a freak athlete. You see the new TO videos? Hes in L.A. AP now.
#VMA s rocked last night :D Lady Gaga was epic, Lil Wayne scared me a lil bit. xD See what i did there?
Nicole atkins- maybe tonight
DailyHookahTip#117: Mix the Exotic Chocolate Mint #shisha with some milk in your water bowl, it tastes like ice cream.
The future is here.
is one of the funniest shows ever. Holy shit.
Haha! Thanks, but I used to be able to read +100pgs an hour while writing notes...I seem to be getting rusty! #PhDboast LOL
Alice In Staind
Happy New Year! Start your year off with fun & excitement @ The Monster Truck Show on Jan 7 & 8 @ Lazy E Arena! Lazye.com for more info!
Hi there jenflaks
Wish I could be there. Congratulations to you and Libby! : Looking forward to hooding my 2nd PhD graduate at #UAB tomorrow!
Really? Shouldn't you be worried about CL qualification on the 20th, Bayern, FUCK YES!
Can't believe the #Redsox season is over now, looked forward to every game all season no matter what!
": Laundry is the only thing that should be seperated by color."
You'll definitely be hearing from us!
cannot the city take and use medical cannabis $?
RT : My Loves remember our Lord is coming one day & we do not know when! Don't believe in 2012 or anything else. BELIEVE onl
Need to clean my room and do homework but don't feel like it ugh.
is listening to his Dad's weekly radio broadcast on WJYI 1340AM. Tune in and listen or call in for prayer (414) 799-1340
lol idk who sings it but it's an annoying song
Happy mother's day mommy<3
that sounds great! Can you email details to ?
I don't even know Marcus, don't even know
Everyday there are changes here at Watts. Some I can't talk about just yet, but we're so excited that I can't help but leak tidbits :)
Just added to the camp lineup is former Terp and Ravens cornerback Josh Wilson!
People in NY really need to learn how to be nice and not in such a rush all the time,lol
haha no im kidding
movie title ideas: ftw, there went everybody
#SanDiego peeps: what's the name of the / - type company based in San Diego???
I know what you mean. I'm brewing #tea strong and dark today!
: who would call plays if Cam left?
The life of a Beer Rep.Put in 8 hours, then head off to a "Mandatory" Brewery meeting. Followed by a 2 hr promo. 16 hrs of BS; Paid for 8.
these saints suspension messes up the #packers #smh. come on.
On now with !
My dad makes the best food.
Don't expect me to notice your alive when you cant even notice that I am.
:( Everyone wants football season... WE HAVEN'T EVEN HIT PLAYOFFS IN BBALL!? Wait til Saturday and then we'll talk. We'll see how Lakers do.
Just played travel guide for a couple visiting from Italy. They are going to see the best of now.
Anchorman just never gets old.
Bruce casually taking pics of the aftermath of last night
Flirt: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself
they match up better against the celtics. Younger and more athletic vs older broken down.
Hey I love y'all! I'm so happy!
Freedom, almost. Last undergraduate class TODAY :-) &I'm on vaca from work this week How's it feel?
News View, and weather is after the Champaign-Urbana Video, tonight at 10:30 PM on cable 6/99!
Beautiful day for a #grilledcheese Baltimore & Charles stop by for a Jalapeño Popper Grill or a Pulled Grill 11-2
I'm still laughing about our trip to coney. Your love for Detroit is unreal!
Things are busy these days but going great! Wish I was going to be watching the #Gators today in the Final Four. You?
Wanna go to the drake concert real bad.
didnt you ask for chrome extensions?
I have scored 4 points in a Team Deathmatch match in
you know the normal SCREAM !!!
Bought the garlic olive oil today in Eastern Market. Such a lovely store with amazing oils & vinegars. cc:
No problem!:]♡
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe? 😊❤☎
You remind me of the happy days when I used to be at the head of the queue for the Bodleian in a morning.
Phi Kappa Psi? I'm not quite sure how IFC works but good luck getting that past Curtis.
A McGee vs Hill match up? Must see tv
kk later I'll give you my number or you could just as and too :)
omg, that sucks :'( im sure he didnt do it on purpose, just try to get him to follow you again
SEC Baseball Power Rankings: Week 7 - Anchor Of Gold
Great! We should split a bottle at the end of the night in the lounge some night!
“: haaha! Wrong one! The Tom Green movie! Ha” gold star for Paulie!!
started the day with and by the river in the woods. SOMEONE got naked and covered with mud. It wasn't me.
RT : Told you bitches Giants would win ! I hate you Tom Brady.
lmao, no I swear they were jeans. I was like wtf lol
Thanks for the shout out re: the Caldecott Committee ballot.
I have to turn our air conditioning on if it gets above 80 degrees cuz the fatty bulldog overheats easily. I don't wanna turn it on in March
"Government closer to you is government more responsive to you… we believe in the principle of government by the way of the governed."
The world is a Vampire
We are closed Monday and Friday this week... Tue Wolfe and Monument, Wed Charles and Baltimore, and Thurs Baltimore and Greene 11-2
most adult hip hop are kats that been doin it (Q-Tip,De La,The Roots,J-Live,Mos,Wu,Heiro,Monch,etc)
Watch your thoughts: They become your words. Watch your words: They become your actions. Watch your actions: They become your habits.
My #gotosong is "Hey Ma" from Cam'ron. "hey ma, whassup"
YOU WON!!!(: WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU! #AustinMahoneNBT!!(: AAHHHH!
All I Need - Radiohead
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy the hide yo kids hide yo wife douche
Kant says the character of morality can only be the motive of duty not inclination; motive of duty confers moral worth on the action.
Cherry lip balm! *kiss*
Is gonna be really happy if his hubby didn't get in trouble. Cause I kinda need him. =D
Tissue donation is an option for most individuals, regardless of age, and is often possible when organ donation is not.
help her out boo!!
that would be nice :D dude, are you planning to go to warped tour?
Work at Home Business Expo - June 4th Orange County, CA...am speaking at 2:30pm...see you there....The Home-Based Business Expert, Helene :)
This hot dude asks me to scratch his back. He looked so... aroused when I did it... and he paid more attention to me
OK, I'll bring you an iphone charger and give you a rail for a little while.
oh nd no
For the first time, #France had the most daily downloads of our #apps!
Thank you Met #Art21 Trivia Nite!! We are overjoyed at our #winning! And we've always wanted to go to a Met opening!
did you get a chance to see Humberto Arteaga this spring? How did he look? Much appreciated as always.
I'm your friend! :)
Ha. In Google Maps, find Legoland in California, drag the street view Pegman and it turns into a Lego guy.
RT : on this day 176 years ago, all mexican cuisine in Texas became Tex-Mex.
Good morning. Busy day ahead some web design, print, motion graphics. I will be posting a link to some logo designs later for critiques! :0)
Go to any Fed Ex/Kinkos location. They do a great job!
OK that was effin fun last night
Happy friday :)
have you seen how he spends his money?
I got bored w it after using it twice
Random but what happened to all those people talking about justice for Trayvon.....
fuck that heart
you did great last night, back here in Md I've been reading the news and reading the papers.. People in md are rooting 4ya!
. I couldn't agree more with your assessment of Douglas Alward.
well i hope you succeed :)
Good Night! I love you.....
You pay out of town niggas, but don't wanna break bread for the hometeam.boy I can't ever rock wit you! We run shit around here
I wish he'd talk to me more. :/
Looking into new ways to market on and offline! anyone have any ideas?
Is pumped the Rockies have won 11 straight!
great post! Thanks guys! ;)
This new tat didn't hurt too bad.....
Morning JN! Hope you're having a wonderful weekend with your gorgeous Family.
RT - The COWBOYS are Not America's Team in MY EYES The New England Patriots Are.
The game was horrible lol
I can't even imagine the pressure she faces having to essentially 'out do' Michelle's performance in Returns. I'd be terrified of
I know you have your own wedding to "attend to" but I'm drafting you to help me find the perfect guest-of-wedding frock on May 5
Buying volatility? Buy City Telecom HK - NASDAQ
I want the same teams as you in the finals now that my Bulls are out of the running.
The boys don't even run in my room first thing in the morning anymore, they run out and grab their gameboys
: I heard about this a while back and it looks so good. I can't wait to pick up a copy of it.
dad: Bree your almost 18 Me: Hell yess ( : dad : and graduating early (Teary eyed) Me; i know im gettin the hell out finna start cryin!
fun playing w/ u today on 1st feature tbl. Was 3 to ur right at start. Would love to chat pkr biz opp: msg or .
museum remains OPEN. The museum is not affiliated with the Hull House Association.
Show that mutton who's boss!
A Special "SHOUT-OUT" to my twitterific followers of my tweets. I am humbled and grateful for each of you. Thank you so very much! Dean
Couldn't agree more! MT I gave +K about Academics on cause he's a sharp guy & he got the on twitter!
Whats up ! Long time no talk:)
Everybody had SOMEBODY open the door for them in their career.. When you get to the top don't forget to open that door for somebody else..
#raw10 some People act like they got such a relationship w/ God, that they can determine you fate. See him Lord, yes, Hes needs 2 go 2 Hell.
You're not with her when she does it though. So I can't really say I believe you on that. If you were then I would.
so the drained one in dawns purse is not from fayes family???
Ran sprints on the track today for the first time in a LONG time...not sure if that was a good idea now
Drawing winners for the tickets on Monday, you can buy yours at any select-a-seat location or united supermarkets, 8 more days!
yeah and kinda on the side of my leg
pa shout out & pa follow back... tnx!!!!!
congrats ! check for a DM from us with details (:
Tomorrow I will be IN TURIN......I'M SO HAPPY <3 I LOVE ITALY....
HaHa. I know you love it MTM.
Bad Cotton mouth! Need something to drink hajahaja <3
McCain earned my respect with his speech tonight. Best he's done yet. Congrats President Obama!
well ... Honey.. Uhm no. I wuldnt ask u. Becuz u don't know wht GOOD looks like.
Got to deal with Watsford #VCU in the second half but it's all good in this game! Way to play RAMS.
If anybody is looking to make a few extra dollars this summer, we have a part time job available. Management opportunity for one of the fes…
there's two sequels to that song: "California Girls" and "East Coast Power Ladies"
#thatcampPNW The Digital Humanities Manifesto 2.0 identifies Dig Hum's origins in the "intertwinglings" of counterculture and cyberculture.
I was sleepy but now Im woke.
what are you doing in CDO?
wat? I don't get it
I fundamentally disagree with his arguments, but Paul Clement is undoubtedly a very talented appellate advocate.
Well, yeah. Melville is fracking awesome!
Amen, brother.
I am officially the biggest girl fan of the Hogan. And her bf. Amazingly nice.
Have a great weekend everyone! Have a Happy Easter too!
it's all has been talking about...we have wings and nachos on the menu. When are you coming over?;-)
imy! We never hung out over vacation..whoops! This weekend?
we lovee youu & we are excited to see youu right ☺
Hey we're testing the new TWITTER post feature on iVision's kick ass platform!
dumb and dumber is hilarious xD
Thanks for following me!
2. Good for applicants, in that I can advocate but bad for employers because they don't necessarily get specific questions addressed.
Congress event says - The costs of education stagnation are too high. We cannot stop -
Hello November!
Direct from 'm hi.' At LA golf club, or another city??
Testing Ping.fm - the Facebook setup was complex.
I bett you taste good 😜
New Shirt ZION SPORTSWEAR TUFF GONG TEE
ring a famous YouTuber and act as if you are breaking up with them :)
Now how will I get noticed in the crowd at a show?!? I guess I still have hot pink
At da same damn time!
Working on a site for Colorado Springs Real Estate
yes, I'm a Christian and do my best to spread His love. I try to fight back against the legalism and fakers that miss the point!
are u in?
in about two months if I make it
My dad just asked me "what would Jimmy Buffet do?"
80 % of domestic violence shelters nationwide (more than 3 out of 4) report an increase in women seeking assistance from abuse
Denver is pretty legit. Working at an awesome venue downtown. Staying broke. How are you livin'?
Thank you so much for coming out, great seeing you as always!
ohh where u from ?
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody cares.
Fire Congress
RT : #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay did you get your hair cut shorter?
We have all the power we need to create all the changes we choose. Via , the Divine Matrix
Huge thanks to everyone who participated in #Kissmas tonite!! Another great step to our goal of 1200 kisses!
He is probably thinking "$132 million? That's a whole lot of Codeine syrup!!"..
I know these are probably not on the list but, I like Mt Lemon and 4th Ave the best.
Thank you all LMN movies, for helping me realize I am forever alone. <3
is will be off the hook 2nite! What up ! K.nightshift It's The Skillet! 2 yrs and still hot as hell!
I LOVE YOU BESTFRIEND!!!!!
Thank you man! Great to meet you too. Definitely stay in touch, and send projects!
First among billions of equals - Irish Times
creating a gigantic clam shell box for CA photographer Sol Hill. Big enough to sleep in!
#onethingidontlike when people try to be "different" because 9 times out of 10 they just tryna be somethin they saw on tv
SMH...this is so suspicious to me
your body an tats are gorgous
you can beat no name fighters. Good for you. Fight someone with some talent for once.
Well you have a good 4 hours :D
haha I love ! got into them when I watched eastside theory when it came out.
and Ariel, but he never shows up to practices or games lol
Who's all goin to nationality days?
i get my bottom braces tomarrow not fun
I love Hope he wins watever he's nominated for.
#wov12 interesting talk about why growth paths always have to be managerial. Netapp created additional path for growth.
