Yeah you aren't perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Well the Holy Bible Hand Grenade didn't work, how about some Rocket-powered Love & Light....
way up
Every time I read a tweet from , I end up screaming it in my head. #capslockswag ;)
Fred Jackson
son Mr chew shell. If someone steals a data card is there a way to trace its use
I've been here for you since the beginning. Could you please return the favor & follow back?
Omg the trends.
Company claims treatments effectively helps ppl with MS. I'm an eye witness. Plz check it out Montel PLEASE. medsonix.info
“The whole idea of motivation is a trap. Forget motivation. Just do it." ~John C Maxwell
I be the one that they love to mention
Knowing when to stay and serve, and when to walk away, requires sensitivity and obedience to God's direction.Be Blessed Y'all.
straight bs
i need more followers!!!
yeah I'm going
I let you have my heart #onlyif you dont break it
no but I've seen the trailer thing for it... It looks insane!
Rick Sackheim has been promoted to Island Def Jam EVP of Promotion. Please celebrate accordingly!
#INSCHOOL #JonnyTee "Friday Night" on June 5th. Check out "Fresh Like Me" Official Clipper Anthem on YouTube.
check out I'm addicted to their deals! For real. Great outdoor adventuring stuff. And credit me if you buy anything!
Thisx1000 Unfortunately it's the unpopular opinion #butthenagainpeoplecan'tacceptthetruththatlincolnwasaracist
"It might help if I could act as if I care about my students and whether or not they learn."- Sheldon
Sorry I love you. But, I know you are a cards fan....
"Rad", "Super" and "Brilliant" are three words I use on a daily basis. I wonder if that annoys people?
HMU plzzz!! And did I leave my sunglasses in your passenger car door? Maybz?
3 days until Cody Robert Simpson's birthday !!!!<3 Love you
Verso L-Alto!
#quotes #nature He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
There goes football season, better come through
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
good luck chad...
Okay that sucked. Brought a beanie and sweatshirt and others brought blow up mattress and sleeping bags.
I love coffee
followed her(:
; Every day I'm hustlinn'.
A Nirvana / Drake blend? you crazy for that one!
indeed, be gentle tho :)
Me Too<3
wishing would come to Roanoke, VA.
Life is definitely interesting. Much to talk about.
"Chewbacca is not a nice woman! He'll come out of the trees and eat all the signs. He's picking up some blueberry pie." - Anna (3 yo)
fantastic! Please keep me posted and reach out if you have questions!
Love Is For The Birds
When he calls..when he calls n says come over... I'm there whether I'm twisted or if I'm sober
Definitely in the minority!
What happened! Lol i bet you've already said it like 5 times xD
just bought #bandits tix, need some entertainment on this #sabres break, i still cant figure out whats a penalty in #LAX though #slashing?
thanks honey <3 your adorable! :3
I just needed to urinate in a cup. Was too dehydrated.
O'course I'll respect you if you respect me
well thank you! Haha! Spread it around, share with your followers if you want.
": I should be a producer for ESPN... Obviously" you wish..giants fans are not allowed
i dont even know who is going from seymour
#notALA can our second order be planning a conference, hopefully at an inexpensive beach area? with free workshops?
it's just really cool how he does that everytime he meets someone
If i cant be your one , i dont wanna be your anything . . .
Holy hell, Daniel Quinn. Ishmael has *wrecked* me.
i need to move the fuck out of this house
Deals should be cut n dry up front, n u should b prepared to walk away. Read my new book. Knowledge is power.
What's the difference between men an government bonds? Bonds mature.
burned 295 calories doing 25 minutes of "Running (jogging), 5 mph (12 min mile)"
Pledge4Patriots is scheduled for it's first fundraiser in October. Volunteers needed in the Orlando area starting October 01, 2011
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. Henry J. Kaiser
Oh really. They're making abstraction now? Haven't seen their work in a while.
Lol! Shower time!
Maddelyn Fraley drives in three with a home run to put North Texas ahead 5-0 in the bottom of the fourth.
its funny how one little tweet can change someone
"To give any less than your best is to sacrifice a gift" S Prefontaine
i do. Haha
Jason Aldean Concert :)
thanks for the kick in the bum!
Oreo's
You might get tired sometimes but that only means that you are almost there to your destination. Don't get frustrated you will be okay!
Track key metrics on a weekly basis, those high value activities that lead to engagements. The better your numbers, the better your luck
RT : "Niggaz don't want it wit Jig' cuz something gotta give/ I got homes where u hide, I hustle where u live"
Some girls don't understand how childish they sound
Ha i made a play list called "the ready direction" its all the trs and 1d songs alternating. Best of both worlds.
"Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents."
It is impossible to live without brains, either one's own or borrowed.
God is love!!
Home, where you at
You would probably find someone, but you would never find another
#PlayingBack all those magic moments... ❤😍
oh but ill just go friday c:
Weekend in the Smoky Mountains was awesome! Fantastic weather & plenty of entertainment. Back to bad weather in the midwest.
You're so nice to answer to your fans! :) But no Hart of Dixie tonight!
Not shit chillin wit my best friend
no, but I bet is all over it! How are you?
Cataloguing the o-gauges this morning. Pay no attention to the woo-woo noises coming from the workroom.
Everything happens for a reason u just got to let it be!
Sneaking into fancy hotels to use the restroom
But this summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town.
hey bo thaaaaang c:
FASHION TIP: Layers are always lovely for the fall -- add layers w/o bulk w/ featherweight style t's.
I know a woman who thought suicide was funny. My exwife laughed when she told the judge during our divorce she wanted me to
If you accidentally saw a married man out with another woman, but you do not know his wife THAT well (or him)....would you tell her?
Yaw ugly lol
So, my camera broke. That's happening.
This game is going to give me a heart attack!
I've been spending all my time just thinking bout ya.
I love it!!! DNICOLE
are you in the play?
I'd dispute that. Lucas & Coppola had been singing Kurosawa's praises for years. They're good films, but an uninspired list.
When tweets all these dumb bitches..but never tweets me <<<<<<<<<<
"I'm the best one-foot hopper in the whole first grade." -- Leo, with much seriousness and certainty. cc
is gone from mass com and we're talking about politics. I can't be the only girl in here right now!
u gon be good
your so right. That young man is scary. I do think the Colts r gonna take him though but we shall see.
As a proud, upstanding American liberal, let me say this: "Limey Bastard!"
Not impressed with the shopping and food choices... everything is closed around union square
“: We all say stupid things. We are all human. Not apologising for something you did wrong, does however, make you look a twat.”
let's see
“: throwing that football yet” always got that golden arm
I wanted to call it Reading Rockets but that name is being used for something else so that will create even more confusion.
also did you know that the chicago comic and entertainment expo is this weekend? we need to go next year!
Haha thanks for listening! I hope "interesting" isn't a bad thing
I wan't to fall deeply in love<3
heck yes!
Where “places it doesn’t belong” = “everywhere?
Wanna make out?
I suspect the entire thing works better as a long journal article than stretched out to an improbable 250ish pages
i feel care free when playing basketball
People will believe anything if you whisper it.
Wait. So, if Vargas is starting in A, who ISN'T starting in A?
o man thugg passion ' YES!
bad call, def was still moving when Johnson left the ground, but we got a few calls too
You are welcome! And thank you! Have a great day... :)
What cry up
I think there will be many haunted people until they and Troy Davis meet again.
Last night in Santa Barbara and a messed up stomach... now what to do for dinner?
YES!! NOW IM LISTENING TO IT ON ANOTHER RADIO STATION!!! THANK YOU !!!
It's not about how many times you fall. It's about how many times your willing to get back up.
tell me you don't still have that stache. mine looked like a porn star . . . you shouldn't go through airport security w/that.
Lord have mercy. I know a vegan. America and its' food fads. What was it before this one? South Beach Diet?
I LOVE ur music!!!!I'm listening to #rudeboy right now!!PLEASE notice me!!&my nickname is Rihanna lmao
& aren't allowed over anymore! haha! #seriously. :(
A lot of people run a race to see who’s the fastest. I run to see who has the most guts. – Steve Prefontaine
Right - the mechanism would be a bit different, involving inline markup per page rather than a single robots file per domain.
how did they hold up?
live free , fly high!!!!
The new dork is innovating on facial hair.
#Prayer- The Original Wireless Connection..
ShakeCast: USGS map overlay tool with automatic notifications to operators of critical facilities -Applegate
To the guy stuck in traffic blasting Def Leopards "Photograph"... Thank You.
"We drink one another's health and spoil our own.." Jerome K. Jerome. Found on the internet.
everything sucks during Summerfest. Except on next Saturday when we play. Hah.
my mum ask me if i drunk ._. Hahaaha i dont know why hahaaa
u there? Or watching?
As seniors increase their use of social media, they reduce barriers for care in the future
I've never been wrong, but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't like it.
What's more fun then playing hide n go seek with the fam when your old !! Can never go wrong with hide n go seek :)
Katherine Jackson is being interviewed by !! God. She's so sweet. <3 R.I.P Michael.
i dont know what that guy talkin about lol
I didn't even know Von texted me back. Lol. My bad!
#YouKnowYoureBroke If you saving condoms...
I'm putting together a list of my most anticipated summer movies. Tell me, does THE DARK KNIGHT RISES open this summer?
would like to meet other ev builders, bikes, trikes or anything self created.
Just read some potentially great news, I really hope that it applies to me. Ready to start my life and my career and move on from here.
What's interesting in that report (via Forbes): "For every entertainment job created, 2.5 other jobs are created as a result."
You will forever be the winner to me. Please make sure I have some Jamar Rogers music to listen to really soon. I love you!
If I'm stressed about having so much homework and things to study for, I just take a deep breath and don't do any of it. Problem solved.
You're body is a wonderland.
Listen you are knocked kneed and your back is shaped like a pack of Newports. Getting respect is not your only problem.
uuhmayzazingcee: this gold velvet ski😍😍😍😍
What do i have to prove? i would die for you. <3
The moment you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at the person and laugh again.
Great night w/old & new friends in an incredible city. Thanks , I needed that. Back to cali tomorrow. Wherever you go,
Kudos on Outman with the stirrups. Stirrups should be mandatory.
TELL ME, PLEASE TELL ME!!
should leave because he hates my cupcakes.
Hildreth: it's not abt technology or format, but content.
True. Gotta make it work somehow.
"the way we fund education will be a problem for our future" RT : Appreciate Jon Ralston's acerbic analysis
wt u said ws crazy i ws jus tryna talk wit ya but ok u being kinda rood
Argh, that should be
Choosing which route to take is simply a matter of following your own direction. #leadyourself Chás This...
Can't make the screening tonight. Ugh. Thx though.
really wish I saw this. probably would've biked over to hang with you
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on all online stores.
No empirical evidence yet that genetic info = behavior change. Yet Francis Collins lost 27lbs in response to his genetic info. Why is that?
Going into today, the Cubs, Sox, & Brewers were within a 1/2 game of each other #futilitysummer": that was disappointing #Cubs"
I am learning how to tweet.
here in #wisconsin we don't just cut heads off giant horse skeletons... we drink beer and tip cows too
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡22
RT : Lunchtime Question: Best burgers and fries in Chicago? (or your city)
See You Today (: Cant Wait!! its been so long!!
Only four days until the Beginning Acting Workshop! There are a few slots left. Email for details.
Ill probably get the $40 paddock/infield tix RT : Who knows... I don't have tickets but i'm not ruling it out.... We will see.
Midfield creates and Senegal scores
Would love to be part of your interview series!
EEk I just had a couple pick up their engagement ring!! I'm so in love with love <3
You just inspired me and my whole generation - Chris Tucker
"So it is, life is actually made up of our choices. We are the sum total of them, and if we hold to an attitude of love and thanksgiving fo
I didn't accept your first friend request. Sending another one won't change my mind.
LOL, you must have an iron stomach! But for it maybe worth it. ;)
so many whipits
Don't take drugs! W.takewater.com !!!
6:40 am... What to do? What to do??
with & talking show at Bandarangs Feb 11th!
i was serious tho
I was just reminded how small our town is...
Hey Champ. What an honor to see you the other night in Vegas. God bless you and keep you. Also, you killed it with LL Cool J.
Redeemed Girls, remember Eph. 4:32, Be kind 2 each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you
Gimme one!
CONTEST ALERT! Looking for Augusts Best Beer Drinking Woman, email your pic to for a chance to win a FREE T-SHIRT!
Looking to add some play into your day? Passport to Play offers a free opportunity for you to get moving with your family!...
I can't even sleep yo.
No problem, if you need to reference it in the future, the bug # is 14966.
A6: You become memorable when you become known and recognized.
A town music need new blood to revitalize the A!!!
haha I can see that;P I can also see u love cereal a lot:p
RT : Q8 #foodiechats via Who are your favorite Twitter friends to dine with?
where did you get the inspiration for your hair Amy?
This is crazy :o
Wear heavy coats if the peetes r coming east very very cold here have a safe trip :)
Joe Little on one-man-band/backpack journalism at #NewWaveofJournalism Joe is a riot!
scrapbooking supplies inspiration
q BrazilLovesAustinMahone q
My 1st Tweet, just landed my 1st internship with follow them and listen to the show Monday and Wednesday nights!
We also have a winner this week. Congratulations Ellen Henry, you've just won a Faviana rhinestone T-shirt!
Relgious nuts need to chill...if u want federal money u have to play by federal rules. Plus it an opt-in for contraception NOT abortion!
My name is Tyrone and YEA! I went to prison!
But come back! “: UW has zero shot unless you come back. But I'm not mad at yah if you go pro.”
New macro lens in the mail today yes
Wow... Good thing I did not try to hard...
they pre recorded. It's going to air tomorrow or Thursday. Ben said he will twitter when it's airing. :-)
Sununu doing good job on #MSNBC to hit back against Chris Mathews attempts to hate on Mitt and twist his words around.
hey thanks for the love... :)
Seems like Routt gets beat for 1TD and at least 1 3rd down per game, wonder how he measures in those 2 areas?
i seriously cant wait for high school. <3
Even if heaven and earth colide tonight We'll be all alone in a different light I dont care what the world can see Its just between U and me
Comical - #sapphirenow talking #cloud and #inmemory as if it were NEW... is someone ready to take the #analytics PoC challenge?!
JL's So this is Christmas!
“: Can't run w/o wicked shin splints - should I reduce dosage?” I ran thru mine. Not good advice, I know, but it's what I did.
Hahaha I thought it would. Had to tweet it to you.
secretariat. Tyler and 11
wow and thank you Harvey ill check that out!
Is that a PC exclusive feature?
Ha! We need longer hallways at RT : Do you still run the hallways between sportscasts to stay awake?
Birmingham England
Strand dude today took snobbery to a new level by saying I wasn't smart enough to buy a DFW book. Ironically it was his essay on free will.
That sounds awesome. Nothing like rewarding yourself with something cold after a hard ride on a hot day!
Braves are making a statement! #5 on ESPN's Power Rankings. keep it coming boys :)
Does bloggy meant texty? There's lots of super-visual designs, meant for photo or art work.
Mission Prep beat Santa Clara 62 - 38
Quinn coming in for certain packages only in place of Tebow? Right - probably just the passing plays.
Sonic Drive In Yakima WA using text messaging & mobile payments to increase transactions. text us for info 206-504-2284
Getting ready to catch today's show of Miss Muffet at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre ! What's everyone else up to?
OMG why do so many ugly co-workers insist on submitting their pics to the website? You're just ASKIN' to get clownt
CAN'T WAIT TILL I GET A FUCKIN CAR!!!! CAN'T DO SHIT WIT OUT ONE.... I NEEDA GO PAY MY BILLS BUT NO CAR TO DO IT WIT SMDH
yes he is tall! yes, they do :) ♥ i started crying after i hugged austin :):)
OER Remixing - CC licensed material + new text + legal notice + by written permission.
i love your long hair and i love your smile cute like that ! follow chris paul
Tyyyyyyyyyyyyy can i pic an icon for you?????
just got laid off-anyone need art direction, design, invitations, hand-lettering....or anything else? www.janebackes.com
Very, very welcome, Amy. What's new?
BRANDS:we encourage you to send us your brand to , Let us be your pusher.
Good Morning FB fam and may God bless all this day!!!
We were right! Best score to The Artist! If you haven't seen it, run to it!
I love my boyfriend, he will break every bone in his body just so i can be happy. =)
So I Know Its Real
Greatness happens to those who live their dreams with single-minded purpose. Courage and integrity form the cornerstones of their lives.
how can I find out when there are #sportsbiz chats on twitter??
Haha, that's awesome. I want to go to Australia!
I need to find new good jams to listen too.. Ideas?
It is my understanding that only one DC Councilmember endorsed in the Ward 5 council race... for
Diamond Recalls More Dog Food from S.C. Plant More dog food recalled after another bag of food tested positive for Salmonella.
dem jst dey run their mouth bro,no mind dem jare....
tell me why i'm not good enough.
Yessir. Think I may be front row too. You?
Some people will never get it!
#LilJimmy just up skirted Rosa
LOL! Today I'm only making the deviled eggs and the creamed spinach... I got off easy! ;-)
Happy St Patricks Day!
Can't go wrong with Portland summers.
I love the way Sunday just happens to sneak up on me!
It takes money to make money.
Having watched #contagion this weekend,sitting in an urgent care waiting room is making me paranoid.
Thanks to all our followers. Checkout out our site if you need Designs or just want to connect. Looking forward to communicating.
never eating at taco hombre ever again.
I think it's refreshing! Miss the days when my kiddo held my hand freely...at almost 11, that doesn't happen much anymore. :(
Uuhhhh i hate the teacher!!!!
all the time n congrats on the job sis
Love is beautiful! Happy Anniversary! <3
Congrats AGAIN to the HU football team for defeating FAMU at their homecoming. FINAL: 29 HU 28 FAMU.
them joint hard as shyt fat foolio
Sink full of dishes, ugh.
Solicit good advice from trusted pros...then TAKE IT! Avoid mistakes that have befallen others this way.
i know right!!!
SWEET TALK TIME
haha. Maybe he suggested the license plate.
How they going to label Obama "The First Gay President" ?!
I'm goin next time :p
have you tried #RuggedMaxxx2 ?
Life would be so much easier if I wasn't ambitious.
how's it hangin
Happy Birthday Ansel Adams!
“: Don't mix between my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.”
11 more days till talent show D: eek excited/nervous hopefully it goes well though
What is the best stylus for the IPad? Looking for one that has a fine point for writing, not the fat touch ends.
Forbidden..... More like deprived lmaooo
OK, I'm biting on your bait. How would you define old, and can you elaborate in 140 characters your hypothesis?
I HATE getting scrapes and scratches on my skin. They freak me out so much...
With any half-hour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
love the video of sushi live! the camera loves us... :-))
i love your motto. Tea for the win!
I overheard someone say " #kanban sounds like waterfall. Only #Scrum is #Agile " Yes, I corrected him
N its true RT : "El que las haces, se las imagina!" -words from my great grandma Mama Matty!
World stocks rise as US manufacturing improves - BusinessWeek
Ayyy when you comin back out?? You was my fav artist of 08!
Success - The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Looks like Supt. Cash is getting a $40K bonus. Any thoughts?
Interviewed with this morning - watch 7NEWS today for info on concerning mailer many Coloradoans have received.
They will...and remember that the textbook listing is more cut and dry than what is out there in 3D so to speak...
no bitch clearly hes mine u need to calm your lil ass down HES MINE!
Victim's wife Suzanne Borcherds, is testifying: Def. "was saying that he was going 2 take care of business .. gng 2 shoot tht fking bastard"
Very cool!
There is a company that sells vitamin and mineral "infused" chocolates. Um. Or you can just eat your vegetables...
#imweakfor women with confidence, and goals
Im hungry who buying me breakfast
Nothing makes me happier than good talent and nice people.
me too! Lol and yea I do pretty Boeing job lol but I still get paid
I never thought you were gay or a girl. Those who think that are usually heteronormative and binary-adhering.
..the fact that he knew about Jesus..im impressed!..great parents.and you and the Mrs...great job on the play last sat.
A real SPRING day complete with blue skies! Now that's deserved of a cupcake!
RT Thinking of everyone at #virginiatech. Our thoughts go out to you!
I want the rain & clouds back though :p
RTmetabrown312 Today's tech scene is more sexist than engineering culture of my youth. .
I've known him since like second grade
lol. Might be in Frederick. Worth the trip? I wanna make some so bad.
My 9 to 5 job is temporary. My Passion is forever. Right now, I am learning how to balance both.
Are you a Yelp user? Love us? Please leave us a review there!
Can't make up my mind if I should mo-hawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the high-top fade for prom..
LMFAO. HEY HEY HEY. *raises the roof*
no just ben
The ostrich is in the nest, though. Who/what is flying over it is up to interpretation.;)
Its the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary.
Keep doing the fuck i want
that's the BEST NEWS I've heard in the last 20 minutes!!! I SUPPORT THIS CHALLENGE!!
gotcha. I'm sorry. I saw your tweet about amherst, but didn't put it together.
HAHAHAHAHA GIRL YES DIE LAUGH (IN MY TYLYSA VOICE) !!!!!
Thanks much!
Solon~ Reprove thy friend privately commend him publicly.
That's what I'm talking about !!!! Who's Mr. Clutch???
Happy New Year from everyone at theNAT! Let's all make 2012 a great one, OK?
#Celtics Letss Go! Its time for the Truth
Laid Off? Netflix direct to TV downloads using Roku hardware is a sweet & cheap alternative to cable megabucks. I'm loving it.
can i get FB
Lots of work to catch up on... Gonna be a long day!
that's exciting.
I can handle more then you think
yourr so pretty! & I LOVE YOUR HAIRR.
So minus being in a sling for a month..in a month we'll be moving into our condo :) I couldn't begin to explain the excitement
ah the parable of two sisters
Haunted house tonight yessir!
follow back :)
Wowza I just noticed that yesterday I had like 58 followers and now I have 65!
Twitter poll for the academics out there: Roughly how many lectures/talks/presentations on campus do you attend per month on average?
Finding spiders the size of your hand waiting for you.
I REALLY hope Mikko Koivu ends up winning the NHL 13 cover contest,
I don't drink beer. Vodo?
#WhenIWasYounger I thought boys had cooties C:
Working on our Facebook presence... tweet me so I can Like your page!
Congrats to NM newest IDA businesses "Discount Cutters LLC" & "Power Route 66"!
I'm Not Going Bald Biker Helmet Motorcycle Decal :O ebay auctions
What's poppin tonight?
Love my gals
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
Longest. Road trip. Ever.
Peepers-Read this today...Most cows give more milk when they listen to music. Not sure how they keep those ipod headphone in their cow ears?
When you're weary, it means you've been making a difference. Keep going and see it through. /via
What about you?
says he doesn't want to reveal who his song sorry is about because it makes it more relatable for his fans
You are very sweet, thank you...-BF
i just wanna say stay encouraged. you know you're safe, and i'm happy you're reacting to the tug at your heart strings :)
i love so much... everything about her is perf i want to be her, &its killing me that shes 45 mins away&i cant see her :'(
Looking forward to staying next week!
willow was screaming, making all kind of noises. I thought he seen a ghost
great. Sbux on us 1 here we come
This band sucks and is head lining?? And they make fun of the openers who are BRANDnew and don't suck...? Ps there are 12 people here..
Anyone? Need your best 1 or 2-word themes for developers to use in our programming contest. (e.g. batman, coffee, world domination)
I know you dont. Just don't ever spam him. He hayes it.
A librarian mom- no wonder you're so smart ;-)
Great! Looking fwd to hearing back. From the M Room show.
it kinda sold out in 10 minutes. :( and they arent sold out people are reselling them but for like $180.....
Congrats to Ms. Lee. MT : #WellsFargo's Northeast Pres Michelle Lee to be honored by #Newark School of the Arts 4/24 at
The amount of food in the crevices of my keyboard could beat up yours
Holy Saturday! :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME...
Watching 21 Jump Street :)
#LOTI (laughing on the inside)
Besides the animation blogs, I also like to visit design oriented sites to stay fresh. My latest favorite is What's yours?
had a lot of fun at workshop! i love your shirt so much! ♥
I want to go back to sleep! Not coming to school until 2:20 gonna take a nap after the ap
sorry we'll tweet all activities
i L0VE MY DAUGHTER WiTH ALL 0F MY HEART!!! i AM DEFiNiTELY A
we lost a legend this morning condolence to her family RIP LIZ TAYLOR you will be missed
Happy Monday to and , nice to have our fearless leaders in the office today.
Come see our the art cow now outside of Mexic-Arte!
I'm so sick of people hating on Beyonce'. Get over it she's a mom and she's happy, when you gon realize nothing you say or do can F that up.
everyone calls me a teddy bear lol and you probly think im fat from teddy bear but no its just im funny cute and thts what
I Love You So Much ! ♥ , thanks for existing :D follow me please *-* :(
I just don't understand you at all sometimes .
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable & Cheezy Cauliflower
bountiful penis... amen
Watch the media go in on tebow.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week. Laurence J. Peter
"Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another"
Technology has made our lives so much better, but at the same time it's also a pain sometimes!
Apparently 4-slice toasters are in the $70 range.
u r so sweet deticating a song 2 ur mom & raising money 4 charity :D so adorable & amazing u r too cute mr. Bieber proud xoxo
Nice work man!!!
Scanner Monitor: House fire in Shenandoah.
When famous people follow me>>>
25 degrees and feels like 12....
I wish there was a time machine. Therefor I can travel back in time and make my wrongs right... but that's not gonna happen!
Mirage "Leap Year Sale!": Mirage "Leap Year Sale!" *For the extra day in 2012, we're giving you an amazing offer ...
awkward RT : some cross talk about Dubya during the Romney/Bush 41 photo op. Bush: "He hasn't endorsed you?" Romney: "Uh, no."
What a sad thing to (have to) say.
at this time only the Delta Sky Clubs offer free WiFi. But we're working on a plan to offer it soon throughout the airport.
What a brutal match!!!
will apply at end of semester! Any topics hot right now?
I'm starving. If only there were some #moonfruit in the house.
Life's good!!!!!! RT : We done made it! RT : Grind mode retweeted me! Lol
Investigation is over, heading home. Good times with and
There is a 0.0000000000001%chance that will follow me :( well a girl can dream xx please follow me today it would mean a lot xx
. "a lot of people think": weaselly. Call out race-baiting (or condone it & be judged); don't concern-troll.
thanks for the shoutout
fingers crossed for you!
Time for some soccer
Team field trip! RT : RT : Admission is #Free all day Thursday, May 3, thanks to
J.shore talks about "grenades" which is funny as hell but the fact is half of them r grenades themselves
I hope you think of me
To all my followers. And others. Follow me on Tumblr. Fun stuff coming. Really. I'm idlewild1914
Can't sleep. Sick insomnia is the worst. Save me, Nyquil. :(
& I are seeking Patent Barred attorneys for a project starting on Monday! Interested candidates should message me or Sara.
I'm from Chicago where we say "Pop" and not "Soda!!!"
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. - Rumi
Congrats to my friends Jennifer Delia and Julie Pacino on their upcoming feature about the life of the late MARY PICKFORD!!!!
RT : I'm convinced the smallest people talk the most shxt
Have you ever tried to edit the source files on an iWeb website? Guaranteed most horrendous code you will ever see
Breitbart once told me and several hundred others to "go to hell", it looks like he beat me there.
starting marketing stuff for new company product line ... coming soon!
Was going to stay in but I think ill go out tonight now
PUCKING EWWWW! I JUST SWALLOWED THE BIGGEST LOOGIE! IM GONNA THROW UP!
Conceptual tabs and the ribbon are probably the most challenging training issues with Office 2010.
Keep Christ as the center of your life always!!
Oh, it definitely happened, soon to be online I'm sure...
RT : pic of the dress? (Can some1 help her out of pix of the boxers women? )
The ego always needs a title and fears losing. Sadly in the end loss is all there is. Be patient for life's rewards.
I just looked you up after hearing your AWESOME story on RISK! but your site troublenstrife isn't working?
lol thats the only lucky part about mono haha
send me your bon jovi production puns because i can only think of one! "i'm a lighting guy, on a steel truss i ride"
Ikr I am so happy
I been a spurs fan since '97
I can't to raise my own son ima be the best dad ever
My favorite part about taking Math 1330 is that there is no distinguishable difference from Math 1300.
#haters gonna hate.
omg whit "catching the ball" is my favorite part
me are u ?
pretty good.
Cant wait for the sl mesh imports..no more trying to map sculpties..no more terrible graphics
This is the first time i've seen the Spurs on TV all season, super excited for this game
I work with museums, and nonprofit performing arts orgs and theatres, but often times my essays could apply to individuals.
Well good luck and keep up the hard work hope you're well!
He said, "You're lawless." But I do have life rules! No cutting or killing myself & always use a condom. Other than that he's kinda correct.
THAT ACTUALLY FUCKING SCARED THE SHIT POUT OF ME
2012 films! #4. Election (1999). Great film! Very funny, Mathew Broddrick gives a very good performance.
has Tiger winning wire-to-wire. I'm not sold on that prediction.
I think there's a lot of merit to that idea. (How to actually implement it is another story.)
LePage to unemployed: Get off the couch and get a job. Unemployed to LePage: Sorry, sold the couch for some food!
Sit your five dollar ass down before I make some change.
#Celtics guard Ray Allen returned to the practice floor today and reportedly had "no issues." Huge news for Cs. Need him for next round.
Do you have quesadillas too? I'm on my way!!
how long till you're a blonde again?
More rumbling in NOLA NFL Suspends 4 players from the Saints! TG I can multi task fashion/football in one room!
I'll Have Another
Thanks for the insight on parents guys. Have you met she just posted a blog about children and concussions.
Well done improv: Loft @ IO West! Opening for my play: coming soon! New pics this wk! Can't wait! Such great new year! 2011's still rockin!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Those times where you lay in bed at night thinking about the past and what you should have done other than what you really did
lmfao very funny 😜 I miss you sissy!
Hm. Nurse a sore throat or go see Common at the W tonight?
On social issues, African Americans are quite conservative. Therefore, it can prove to be a HUGE issue.
On the Natl Mall, ready-ish for the #cherryblossom10miler. I only wish my being up this early were an #aprilfoolsday joke.
what I loved most about #Avengers : Scarlett's Black Widow was smokingly hot & dangerous, Nighthawk's crazy arrows & Loki's general evilness
I saw Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman in #Nola back-to-back nights, Shawshank sequel?
I've never been able to put together why I feel like I write more efficiently when listening to rap, but maybe it's the rhythm
can't tweet #yolo when asleep
We can't wait to be a part of this event!
ballet nazi... Indeed.
guess who this line for! All I eat is big sandwichs n bacon still aint get pulled over boy!!!!
yes I believe the math works out. . . 8loco haha
Please join our movement of making a musical difference #NotWrongJustDifferent #Autism lets fight for thier right
I just told Seb we almost had a hole in the ceiling, I jumped of the couch and scared the cat
Yes but only For 2Q March Results, Below on June Guidance RT Apple Beats Expectations
:-) sleep well!
definitely in full support of !
This looks great, Bob! Ordering copies for the office ASAP.
you can start with the one dan bought me! it's all yours!
I'm auditioning for the Phoenix Opera this Sunday. Oh yeah!
no not all of them, some of them my friends in Nashville wrote
..thx for all the coverage and for listening to the music. Ross.... Mwahaha
#Companioncare goes a long way toward providing an emotional bond which keeps loneliness at bay
Hello and Happy Sunday! Yes--I would love to sell books and totes at farmer's market. Maybe jewelry too?
#iThinkOfYou all time when im at work
#InterviewTip: Dress for the position you want even if it’s not the position you’re interviewing for.
#ImMiddleSchool We did not even have email let alone twitter. Cell phones were the size of small dogs.
stand out more from the background. Windwaker (zelda) is cell shaded. Devil May Cry is more outlandish stylized art.
the show is live right now
oh...k i think im not korean!hihi:b
1st Call Out Congrats!
Great win by the #RedSox! desperately needed pitching performance by Lester and the bullpen! Continue to build on that!
It's hard taking care of my weave, I need a new one!
Ok, responsiveness and media queries: let's do this.
as always, batting first in my heart... sigh. “: David Wright is starting at third base today and batting third!!”
Shout out to my friends at :
": Men are three times as bad at multitasking than women." I'm a great multitasker.
except for the 34-min TTE. But the rest was so amazing, it made up for it ;)
that how I feel bout females
Check Madadventures if you havent already.
i would love to be netflixing right now, but final paper's due tomorrow...
Thanks to everyone's encouraging words of wisdom, I have decided to pursue writing a petition for my judgmental school! :o How do I start.?
Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
hey boo
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H. Miller Southwest Hyundai! Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
wow the injuries have to be a deflating effect on R and clubhouse
Went to an estate sale over the weekend. 18,000 books and 10,000 records in a modest-sized home.
Can't attend the 2012 Celebration of Teaching and Learning? Follow the conversation w/
Be sure to send them the "13 useless majors" link & point out that arts AND journalism are on the list. bwahahaha
I don't think they died on purpose.
So is in NJ signing autographs at Toys 'R' us when I'm still in Florida .. he should come sign autographs in Sanford, Florida(;
Sound transit is totally messed up today. Late work and standing room only.
Can I get 2 more followers to follow please, she follow back,!
he oozes entitlement. You can tell he has been surrounded by wealth his whole life.
I'm sleepy otc . .
Waiting for reception shuttle!
that's how we do this! Goddamn right.
"We ape, we mimic, we mock. We act." Laurence Olivier
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
you need to do well on your boards so I can finally have someone to support my prescription drug addiction ♥
bro i think everybody should see your tweets some times
rematch: next tuesday at the alley!
#happyhour starts in T minus 33mins!
Me 2! Smiles! xo RT : i LOVE that song! thank you SO much for sharing! :) hope you have a fabulous monday! xox
"Harry, Will you go to Prom w/me in 2013? Liam, will you follow please?" "Harry loves to make girls scream"
You guys act like you've never seen a squirrel before.
All this homework will be the death of me tonight.
Did my eyebrows. :)
“: There is a clear path from control to tyranny! Reminding me that the instinct to control others is the worst human quality.”
It was so refreshing to see something unique at the movies. Both stars were amazing. Funny and sweet. Plus Katie Nisa!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! And here's to many, many more!
Bowl painting tomorrow at Whole Foods downtown - $5/bowl - 10 a.m. until noon. See you there!!
. has stepped up their game. Luv the quick charge/ship from the store & bonus points. I've done it 5 times this wk. Fast Delivery.
Search Google trends & find a hot topic, create a fanpage with it and market relevant products = Cash
how do yk what seat u have for the concert?
couldn't be prouder of you <3
...I told you we are a family regardless. I love you so of course I love don Don and dj. Just need you to get better
Subaru of America, Inc. Reports Best April Sales In Company History
that's a
Thank you for all of the prayers/thoughts/good vibes regarding our mom & her surgery. It went well she's now hyped up on morphine :)
I totally need another way for my kids to hog the TV so I can't watch what I want
They can because they think they can.
I was having a discussion the other day. If you had a chance to live 10 years longer or $20,000,000 dollars which one would you choose?
There are moments when evil is under the thumb of good dominantly, but of course everything is in flux.
Two more days to win some shit.. Follow
Did you know more than 12,000 laptops go missing at US airports a week!
Tonight the face off against
history, English, PE, Maths, psychology, world history and some other boring stuff
Do you think that the power of tech start-ups can get the youth of America back on the right track?
Behind every favorite song there's a story...
Grats! That was an awesome article you wrote. :-)
Hahaha. That place is a sweatbox, barely bigger than Maroon Gym! Tradition, schmadition.
True, but I still can separate myself from the parka. Lol
Cart Blanche... You know what that means.
this night was absolutely amazing
ready for that dream chaser 2 mixtape
what kind of snake is that????
lol. Read to your womb in Spanish.
Two things we now know about Sacha Baron Cohen: he'll never win the Irving Thalberg Award, and he's on a North Korean death squad hit list
Follow me at AnneFOX59 for great stories on government corruption hidden camera investigations and everything for my pdx/wash friends miss u
Damn that's a scary ass word
In all honesty, he did pretty well! Give him and 8.
LOVED The Judds Premiere...Is it just me or does Naomi look like Latoya Jackson....
Rocking Chair & Ensure for him to drink instead of Gatorade
Getting ready for the Reimagining White Ethnicity conference.
Happy birthday little Jack!!! :)
14 miners rescued! Only 19 to go!
Having a meeting at and forgot they're serving lunch! What a great place.
Me and my mom are going to have an issue
bought a beer pong table
I look forward to seeing everyone on September 11th @ UDC Backus campus. It will be a great addition to Ward 5!
#lifeasadancer for me is traveling everywhere, but now I don't have that life anymore.
Dudes let's play show together u are awesome :) I still remember u guys on MySpace lol good luck at Chico tonight :)
I'm a liberal, baby.
childhood favorites (:
call me
No need to apologize
my question. why do like keek so much? Its like you're forgetting where you got started at
One can ask God anything. Talk to Him about all your stuff!
Don't forget to wear RED to the GPPCMA Chapter Meeting today - honoring AHA Go Red for Women Campaign
the jewel osco here surprisingly has restaurant quality sushi now o.O; dragon rolls and rainbow rolls!
my favorite part of this week's PMI was your opinion cORNER! haha
don't know yet but I got to go now. Bye
Because, I more love Ariana<3
prince i think im not sure, hey its worth some entertaining.
“: definite possibility!!! Nobody knows and the Schweeeeeny boy” thaaaamexxxxaaaacaannnn
OK I'll work on getting you guys passes
awesome! Thanks! Looking forward to it as well. Feel free to ask us anything here or by email mojobreak at gmail
I like the marshalls in those
Cmon mav card I need you to just work 9 more days!
Hats off to for moderating 90% of panels. Idea: bring in other journos to mix it up
if you are slow jamming 'Weinergate' with BDubs tonight, I will stay up to watch!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 1
Only one fall today on the bike ride, not even one minute in. Those bike clips will getcha.
UL has expanded its capacity for photometric testing of lighting products.
Why, yes, I am friends with Stefanie Scott, even Carlon Jeffery, Aedin Mincks, Jake Short, Zach Steel, and Allie Deberry
aww damnn i missed it! thanks for letting me know tho (:
Uh....I'm at school right now but I totally would be up for it.:P damn you're down! lol
when are they coming?
It's #HAAM benefit day! Help support musicians. UB is a donating friend to
I don't need Television I kno what's goin on left & right from FB & Twitter .
miss u to my man. I agree let chill soon
BLT and Peach Tea
Tired Of being Played </3
OK, you threw in baby, we're good now.
how about highfives? Is that weird too?
Today's Lunch Feature: Pulled Pork Quesadilla w/ red onion, red peppers, cilantro, mozzarella Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
If you want us to talk about a story on the podcast tonight, tweet us a link. #podcast #tech See you later for the show.
You really need to get out more
Great intro. You are becoming an expert in combining eloquence and efficiency
Practicing reading THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY audiobook, which is surprisingly challenging--I've had to adapt a script of sorts!
It is scary the amount of ppl who believe they are free when they are not even close....
i thank/blame you for my new luv deluxe obsession
Fuck her and her mind games I dont play that shit games are for little kids aint lookin for a kid
is slightly more than completely overwhelmed by her to do list today and her deadlines to complete all line items (i.e. today).
#ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa HAM radio, Crosswords, Roller Skates, Fish Fry Stands
Finally know where I'm working
Seriously! A handful of Queen covers goes a long way :)
I heard Joe Lunardi just say that and that is not right. If UK is #1 overall they should go to Atlanta
Reading "Is everyone hanging out without me?" by Mindy Kaling
A FUCKING ROACH CRAWLED UP ME OH MY FUCKING GOD I HATE SUMMER SO FUCKING MUCH
Light hail hitting the windows at the office in the FiDi this morning...but no sign of thunder! Stay dry, everyone!
Don't tell me your sorry, that means nothing you don't change.
awwwe your so sweet! i will always love you too(;
Boy You Gonna Love ,Everytime We Touch ,We Can Get It Poppin
Awesome! RT : Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
We're looking for another cool sponsor for on Wed nights. Mentions in Stranger, Social Media + give your product to winners!
Just bought my tickets for Opening Night of #BookofMormon Was it worth shelling out $400 on season tix just for 1 show? Hell yes!
Coaches come to see "Coach" Sat. night...#Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni, legendary NBA coach Frank Layden both expected tonight
Nobody ever follows me on instagram until I like one of there pictures
Whitening my teeth 😁👍
just went and saw #fiveyearengagement, great movie! loved it!
Very excited about this week's care of historic scrapbooks class at the It's my 3rd class there, so I know it'll be good.
Morning... it's noon here.
Comics Dungeons is awesome! Let the awesomeness heal you! Also, albuterol helps if you're asthmatic.
I think that should text me or call so we hang out
Don't miss this.....Johnny is in the house today! Without question one of the best barbers in Downtown Seattle! Call 206/264-7901 .
if you really want to learn the nerd side of beer, go to Goose event Hollander tonight. Youll learn a ton from a very cool chick
yeah bra
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana drop the banana on 'em
About 70 percent of Americans who go to college do it just to make more money
SHOUTOUTZ FOLLOW HER
Heterophony separated by octaves is harder to pull off than the unison version. Some interesting possibilities though...
“Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.” ~Jean-Paul Sartre
... it's a good thing your TV doesn't need gasoline !!!!
I wanna be in a relationship , but idk if I want to be in one w/ youu..
- in mammoth - just in case.
Skyrim, why must we be separated for so long? :/
Beach day in Malibu :)
Sent off a quick email yesterday.
Just barely hit 80 here today, and the neighbors are putting in a window AC unit. Dial it back, kids. It's gonna be a long summer.
I agree with that. Are there any other Gasol's that the Nuggets can get a hold of?
hopefully we'll see a heavy dose of isaiah, since he's about the only one athletic enough to stay in front of
in science with
What's the turnaround to get business cards? Im in Vegas.
Yay for Sunday Night Bingo at The Standard Hotel!!! Got our lucky elephants...
really great time at prayer gathering tonight. so powerful.
Moyer gets out of the fifth with 6-3 lead, he now qualifies...
4 day weekend comin up for me !
Best panelist at the #thinkbusmedia event - Daimon Caulk, - really understands how to tie social media to business
Returning the CTS-V coupe was tough. It's an amazing car. Don't think I'll ever own 1, but it's great driving experience.
I look ICY in these commercials.
BA is excited to have all 3 of you, and come enjoy San Diego with us! :)
also. Just read your twitter profile and I officially miss you ho! Get down here with that other ho
More important...who would you like to face? Looking footward to it. Good luck.
check out if anyone you know wants to win passes!
I just need a boy to watch the Breakfast Club with me. That is my favorite movie of all time. PLS
same school
I've decided has the most wonderful songs in the whole world (: Other than of course ;D
I knew last week he was not in the final mix.
Just finished "The Reeducation of Cherry Truong" by LOVED it! cc:
Whats so good about twitter
In order to experience happiness you have to experience pain first
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
One day will notice me and tweet me, I hope that day will be September 20. My b-day and #CoasttoCoastEP release date. 143 Cody
Anyone know 50-60 people on bicycles are weaving in and out of Strip traffic? might want to speak to ones shooting fireworks in air.
I was a French Press partisan. And then I tried the aeropress. Nowhere near as cool looking, but damn, that's good coffee.
no you don't.
He's puerto rican Lynch
we at home.. Fasho we got this one
Can't help but smile.
lol I'm sure you will do a good job
The Rapture of the Silents
Couple more minutes......
Thanks ! Dude, I think we totally need to catch up sometime soon. I feel like I've been remiss.
If you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born -Lil Wayne
#nowplaying Swedish House Mafia - so aggressive yet necessary on this fine #Coachella morning!
PEACE DAY 2011 Saturday, May 14, 2011 Take your family out for a day full of fun, prizes and FOOD...for FREE!!! The WHOLE family...FREE!!!
how's the green movement goin in your house
Softball banquet in a while with my girls!:)
If you feel good you will think positive thoughts.
Wow some bitch just hit our car
Morning World.
Whitney here's hoping you find more peace in the next life..
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow ye diet. William Gilmore Beymer
um can someone get me to like 500 followers by mentioning me... I'll mention you back. !
I hate being #2 this shit gots to change
Being a truck driver is just like going off to college....u come home every once in a while
RT : Never underestimate how far your passion can take you.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou
DeMaio sold that consulting business, using the proceeds to get a government job, which he's trying to parlay into ANOTHER government job.
If you hesitate to feel if a status is appropriate, it's probably not. YOU are your business.
for sure brothaa
It was nice to meet you in the elevator! hope the rest of TCAF goes well for you!
Can't wait to see! “: Embellishments: Constructing Victorian Detail opens Sept.14 #UNH "
does it mean that it will be on in 40 minutes???
#SR3 i just activated co-op, on PS3 how do I get my copy of the Saints Row 2?
The hardest thing in life is watching someone you love with someone else…
Pounding a Slurpee and hoping for a second wind.
isn't there some saying ... mail me once, shame on you, mail me twice, shame on me, mail me three times and YOU'RE A PEST?
#FemaleSexComplaints don't put all your weight on me!
#ooooooohhhhhh. is a scrub
Thank you Steve for a great review!
Two come from our house!
Steph: "What if during OT, each team sent out one player to play HORSE"
chicos house of jazz, after hours 21+ party at boozle, TRS is playing but i didn't tell you, lol!
Just 2 more hours of this hell hole job!! Ready to go.!
Two With Water Rx Reading Series tonight. Transistor, 5045 N. Clark, 8 PM. With theater kids Billy Goat Experiment. $5 suggested and BYOB!
Hello Twitterworld! Join today as we promote our #Quechua course offerings for #fallquater2011 !!! PAGE HALL RM 010!!!
One week to get to $4,000. You can do it! Donate now! Spread the word.
I teach ages 14 thru 18 and they are all using #ebooks for personal reading. The only non #ebooks they read are for classes.
Hope your friend reads this
I believe this is why Megan turns to chocolate so often. ;)
When you fall you have to get right back up and try not to trip over the samething again.
#worldfesthouston. Let the fun begin!
stoked, can't wait to see what you guys come up with
This. No fucking way can that happen. RT I swear I will switch teams RT : I heard d wade will b mav
Just finished my GSS post for this week! Make sure you check out my post on Thursday for Groom Sold Separately!
So why did they take Christ out of Christmas?
Heading to clubs tonight in Atlanta
no looool I know its weird but I was like ow she so cute and ur hair is gorgeous!
I just turned 27 on tues. As a musician, statistically I should be dead by now. ;)
can only Tweet after 3:30. He is forming the leaders of tomorrow.
Free New Belgium Dig Pale Ale from 6-8pm tonight! RT to share the love with your friends!
Pun intended, right? :)
Bring me the horizon station on pandora. >>>>>>>>>
Its hard to say who is real, harder to say who isnt. Since I dont know the difference I come off as distant. People take it as your dissin
awesome wanna DR?
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.
This was AFTER putting a kid to bed and walking my dog. Livin the dream. Biopic coming soon.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to watch Disney channel , Nickelodeon, cartoon network on the daily basis
It's exhausting having to correct people (reporters) who pretend Prop B is about existing liabilities. It's a lie.
Congrats on ur #Chiefs knocking off the Pack! Somewhere Mercury Morris is popping a bottle of Champagne.
Hate Mornings!
lls,, for no reason though.
Pretty cool to see Kevin Love and Luke Ridnour playing so in sync together tonight.
Before you can change your thoughts, you have to know what they are.
Kandi is right...Nene is a hypocrite
Chef Brian with Blue Moon Cafe sets up for cooking at the market 9& 10. Today is Summer time fresh.
CRASH: Megler Bridge closed in both directions in Astoria
RT : Check NYT homepage for Tweeted reactions to #stevejobs and #stevejobslegacy, and contribute your thoughts and memories
Danielle stop talking to this mutha fucker trash bag wanna be
Swift and Mackey are 10 minutes away from altering the future of NLT forever... (John had to work).
I love how they have to tell everyone what it means at the bottom. Lol
Watching Season 3 of Weeds w/DH last night and I said "that sounds like " during the opening theme! Wow, I was right :)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Every Body follow >>
Almost at my 2000 tweet>>>
is our favorite ham connoisseur! Thanks for the mention!
“: What was the game break of the game that the Lakers let go though?” <<Tipoff
nice one rocks (:
where's that?
Today has been the best day I've had in a while. Here's hoping tomorrow can be even better.
Is "Dame" a term of endearment?
thank you & great meeting you in person!
smart son u have!
#Airtran holds flight to PGH for Dr who saved a life and needs to get back for surgery We'll throw in dinner for dr
My scanner and I now have bond. I call her Judith. #itmightbelove :)
i live in #Cebu City
This is where the men are separated from the deities.
We have our Camera package, Crane & Dolly, talent, a most of our locations. Just need two more riders and one location to make
thanks for doing our menu. Can't wait to see the layout.
Walking into a virgins concert was the best surprise
i dont understand why they HATE him so much...
I'm happy I saw today! I love her!
ohh well I hate basketball so that's why d;
Seconded RT : happy bday to my favorite spot to relax & eat my favorite sandwich in rva!!
I had to buy a hat to protect myself. How was Toronto?
Kevin Harlan, a Wisconsin guy, calling the game in Tucson. That's a good sign
your plan for today sounds like a god idea just FUDGE. Sorry to hear about the little one. Hope all is well soon.
this is really cool
Huge party tonight with and the legend LIVE on the drums. Come early or get a table to ensure entry!
Gregory is a great fit, probably the next Ed Reed. Don't you EVER doubt Belichick's defensive moves. EVER
Gettin ready to smoke this blunt on the lawn!
got a question - can u text me
thanks 4 follow babe much love from vegas
Ahh, fuck it. Let's just struggle against everything.
A Labor Day Gift for you... Check the info tab for a promo code that gets you $10 off tickets to this year's Gourmet experience!
LMAO. Some black lady walked in at the best time, she goes "why the fuck does it smell like someone smokin' weed up in hurr"
We now have 20 states and dozens of cities that want to start #WeveGotTimetoHelp chapters! Absolutely incredible!! You are changing lives!
ha.. Just stroking his ego!
all good. Gonna hit it up again this weekend. Yall come out.
I got doodoo face
I know right? D: I love the way skinny legs look in shorts, I'm so jealous.
Another goal: Work to reduce Hawaii’s dependence on expensive, imported fossil fuels.
Oh man... starting to really feel the burn to get a Blu-ray player.
Saw today that one of the first events for #PCBW has hosting a tasting and tapping KBS and Better Half.
Nice. What do you think of AQUATIC and LIMITED? Bad or mediocre?
I take it You weren't feelin the jointz, that's ku Jus let me know something..
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. James Dean
I'd rather send Brad Little to visit the CEO of Southwest Airlines than to China to sell hay.
I come home to check on my mother but right now I am always on the road so I can take care of her
be ready they could be coming back .. Especially Colton !
not me
what have yougot to lose. follow me.
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes. It's best to admit them quickly, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
I still have never seen the whole thing.
If you need to decrease the font size on your resume, don't. 1) Remove text or 2) increase page length. Preferably 1.
Luvin the overcast weather in Denver this morning:)
. announce team captain Ryan Callahan has been named winner of 2011-12 Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award
<dope post a link when you can
Agreed. Rid of Me will always be among of personal top 5.
well he's going home to France for the holidays, and New York is on the way.
*Family. Sorry cute italian boys </3 ~Devin.Anne<3
on a similar but completely unrelated note..OK actually just completely unrelated-champagne mangoes are AMAZING! mango whore, right here.
where is it this month?
Don't forget Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
In music finally playing y saxophone again!!!
I love you bed.
Lori stood up for Marriage Equality in the CA Legislature and she stands w/ Pres. Obama in supporting marriage equality for all
back to work to find some Sr. Web Producers
I would want to!
The EmphaticNYC team would like to wish our everyone a very #MerryChristmas & #HappyHolidays! Thanks for making us shine this year! we <3 u!
have you started booking house shows yet ? i know i saw that someone has one already.
Great article, thanks for sharing!
Big win for the blue devils!
the paper castle charity event at the W Hotel June 3 8p
Nothing against her, but I'm not that excited for Demi to be on X Factor. I'm certainly not looking forward to Britney...
"the only winning move is not to play" - shut up, hippie computer.
did you learn nothing from the blog!?!
Some lecture-books: Umberto Eco's "Confessions of a Young Novelist," Nicolas Barker's "A Potencie of Life"
is it just me or do you have your own fans and yes i am eating a sandwich
I'll check it out later. Sounds neat.
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
do you bite your fumb at me?
you'll always see me at my best even when I'm at my worst because my attitude is right. I'm positive for making ppl glow :)
Who has FREEDOM in Jesus in this place?!
I can't wait to see my #Nuggets rock the #Lakers!!! #BeatLA let's take this series!!!!
#Caps are getting outskated and outclassed here in the 2nd period. #NYR all over the puck and offensive zone.
Amy Winehouse is being compared to legends like Jimi Hendrix and Kurt Cobain. Really think about exploring that route, Kesha. Everybody wins
actors who work hard, but no one appreciates their work enough to watch, so their shows get cancelled must feel like, I dunno, librarians?
thanks so much Camilla!! :D
A sense of shame & a fear of getting caught as necessary emotions for Congress, via Mike Klein at
follow back. :p
FASHION INSIDE OUT EVENT MARCH 14TH: Get $10 off your ticket! Enjoy a night of fashion at its finest as apart of Midwest Fashion Week.
At the Cowboys game and going to try and will the Cowboys to victory.
In Orlando until Feb 24. Email to schedule initial consultation or coaching sessions.
#cfaleadercast "Leaders empower themselves and others to make good choices." Sheena Iyengar
I don't understand the "Tonian" but I heartily return the greeting. :)
hi makenzie! So great to know you and is here! :)
Barbosa should have passed the ball way earlier. Would have been easy deuce.
she prob. lets her dog go right in front of little kids selling lemonade by their house so it fucks up their business. classless
Writin lyrics at lifetime!
Don't take 3's when your behind with allot of time that's a wasted possesion . ATTACK THE BASKET!!!!
I expected this.
Rt You might be a jerk if...you openly walk around the office asking people to join the football pool & ignore all the girls
There comes a time in your life, when you must walk away from all the drama and people who thrive on it
I think I wrote the most "mentoring review" I ever wrote.
The bigger question is what did you use for dipping?
Carlos Marmol is the defintion of enigma. Work your magic Theo.
Wishing I was getting my haircut! Heading up to LA for New Years!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3
Not too much to do trolls? #wiunion must be enjoying the day.
Thom Collins discusses experiences of museum censorship when LGBTQ themes are involved.
good luck!
ready for some 2.50 pitchers
Love center for First Year Experience !
About a half-an-hour away!
hannah stanley your badass
I say really stupid/retarded things after 2am.
Cameras and photos allowed today/tomorrow. Once competition starts (Thurs-Sun), no cameras on site and no photos period.
Yes, I have been off for a while but on FB with allergy forum for help w J. I miss tweeting !!
im allisah anderson. ;)
Sometimes i just feel like nobody wants me to be happy :/
This is going to be a long day.
you and me both
Thanks! MT : Just finished rotating in FederalRegister .gov's new app servers running Ubuntu 11 and a faster Ruby stack...
The weight room is beginning to become one of my favorite places.
travis barker
Oh Dennis Kucinich, you little bugger.
I think I'll start a trend of learning a new word each day - today's word: reticent (adj) - discinclined to speak out; quiet
You made a fantasy owner very happy with your performance last week...unfortunately that owner was not me :(
I've got #NBAPlayoff envy. I hope it's a classic.
I feel the same about English professors...
Watching this guy scream at this girl, I'm guessing is his girlfriend. If he hits her, that's it. I'm going over there.
Rainy Saturday morning lie-in.
in Memphis tonight & at the same damn time
Let's go to a titty bar or Hooka bar tonight!
: Ghetto Word Of The Day: Window: "Imma pay my baby mamma her child support. I just don’t know window!"
Funky music. ^_^
#Respect. 2 legends of 2 different eras chopping it up! Hope you guys get in the studio soon.
Its okay haha. I live in a small town.
We just tapped the Bluepoint Toasted Lager! Come enjoy.
I have an idea, if you're a Democrat, maybe you should be on board with a map that will significantly help your own party!
Ending a very successful day and hoping you allow us to blow your hair dry tomorrow. What a treat for you!
He could've done coffee: 'Nothing's hotter than coffee'
That makes sense, as I believe that I work across the street from
everyone check out Marie GC pin up girl calendar. W.mariegc.com
Eating ice cream and watching a movie with my big bro :)
oh ok lol but yeah ibe closing all the time idont like workin mornings
why is Gasol missing so many shots???!
Nothing like a pedicure with moms where the topic of discussion is her asking me "what a Molly is"
my band is piled in the van headed out of Atl for an all night drive listening to missing at powwow:(
hurray for Harry Potter at Midnight today! :D Boo for the end of childhood :(
Thank you to the pediatric department at LBJ Hospital in #Houston for making literacy promotion a priority!
Had so much fun at
can you follow me please ?
Nobody owns that trademark, and you can't copyright a phrase like that. You are in the clear :)
Is this a sick joke?! 3 trains in a row???!! If I'm late to work I'm clearly blaming it on csx
The word casual never makes me think of intense emotion, electric connection and a loss of control.
Why is it everything I want I can't have&everything I settle for doesn't work!
Im good. Bout head back down bottom fa a few days. Jus checkin on u babe.
have not had that issue...then do try twicca
Got fingered by a feisty pedestrian while driving yesterday, and by an abundant motorist in an Escalade today while walking.
Geeks who Drink Trivia starts tonight!!! Come in and win some drinks and prizes!! All the fun starts at 8 pm!! See ya then!!
So fucking sick of your shit.
follow please love U so much ! :D
“: awesome story tonight! Thanks Joe for making that boys dream come true. #amazingnewscast” thnx!
Awesome supporters!
Having the worst OBP in the AL is pretty bad too.
Let the bulls fan Talk all that Shit We have like had 4 Players that got injured & are out for the season & were not complaing
I thought i was fucked up w/o the new Js till i met somebody with no feet
Gotcha! Yes- very well deserved! Not that you're not doing a great job Charlie!
Blehh!! :) RT It's that kind of day, I'm afraid.
positive energy grows positive results...
Prosecutor Kristina Barclay places "voluminous exhibits" on the witness stand for Roller.
needs more January Jones, also.
If she is on games and picks her stupid ass friends before you
Gettin down with the Metro Park Mixshow...It's a party in here...Holla
That Awkward Moment When: Someone Says Awkward!
maybe what i said was not what you thought i meant to say
Nyjer is an idiot.
but he spit in da c-c-coola
I feel like tomorrows gonna be a no makeup day
Please do not subtweet me talking shit. That is all
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month! The countdown has begun...
// And instead of helping, you're taking pictures. Haha!
bought a new pair of TOMS today : )
haha which one did you have today?
joy formidable just dropped the hammer!
This is just a random tweet because I am bored. I love you. :)
Show announcement at midnight. This is seriously one of the best bands in music - worldwide - period. Check back, you'll want to see.
why dont *you* get off and go mow the grass? :)
I don't know what's more pathetic, the people that start rumors about others, or the people who believe them.
Thanks 4 the RT! We must share information & alert ppl about a high level of radioactivity in the Sates caused by Fukushima!
Hah. If I told you 29x32, would you want to set me on fire?
Happy Earth Day!
no some1 else
This puts me in a perfect position for making dreams a reality.
you bite me and i bite back and call it love
yeah bro :/ text me if you wanna
You kissd the lips of evil, two months it all the same. You begged for this man's approval, like all the rest you'll die in vain!!!!
That's right volunteerism saves millions to city and guarantees transparency. :-)
Welcome and good morning to Buddhi and Amber! Thanks for your support!
Now your heartbroken, tears in ya face.
I thought Craigslist WAS itself a circle of Hell. BTW, wanna buy a bike?
Unholy something's on fire
I feel kind of dumb putting all this on twitter but I've never even got to discus any of this before.
Q8. If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
Can't Wait till June, Paraguay here I come
I wonder if would bless me with a hook for this track.....
hehehe is incredible wuau is only only awesome , lie is awesome yes gaga upload to youtube please
Even though he should win, by stating support for #marriage rights for all #Obama protects his legacy if he loses. discuss
All the women watching #Scandal on my TL sound like black folk yellin at the movie screen at the theatre.
#20thingsaboutme 4. i love to draw
So it's looking like I'll be joining in Indonesia for a week this June. Anybody have any bike rental recommendations?
Didnt your mother every teach you not to stare???
Apparently, Delmon Young is a bad person.
Blasted "Sabotage" on my way off campus tonight, but did not try to get the focus airborne on that hill at Coit and Cambell
These are often ur campus leaders and very intelligent individuals who mistakenly twist these processes.
Woah! Blast from the past! Hi!
in ma pants
We will miss you!
Halfway there - having lunch of Quinoa in Centralia, WA.
Let's get ready to be opinionated, everybody!
Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&practice alot
I told all college coaches Alemany's Marqueze Coleman was a High Major too late now Nevada got a steal.
