It's the only one I can think of!
no your are bro
I got lucky and scored a extra ticket from my boy haha screw finals
Love you J! Hope you had a great NYE! Miss you
It was me! Ryan! hahahahaah
Congrats to Yu Solve cast member for his Award Nomination for Best Sidekick :)
Finally got me a Nook!! Love it!! Also got me Nook cover!!! Awesome
Seeing Hunger Games at The Vista! A charming little film, I hear.
good and you.?(:
:/ RT Reports of men shooting at each other at Alameda/Ramblewood in N Baltimore; Foxtrot confirms suspect w gun fleeing.
Time Tip Tues: It is estimated that 294 billion e-mails are sent each day, with about 75% of that number considered spam. Do you have a...
has a crab benny on a corn biscuit that is AMAZING! Today is going to be a great day! Thanks !!
funny thing is i was thinking the same thing
thanks for the support
No matter who you are, chances are you know at least one person if not more who has been sexually abused & needs to talk.
Ice cold water is weak. Too cold. Slightly chilled or room temperature is the only way to drink it.
x: well as a diploma? x: and what a diploma, everything is much more important problems are solved: how much vodka to take the final ...
Major announcement from Peter West is posted on Western View (www.peterwestonline.com/blog). It will only be up until midnight!
I love staring at hot guys.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle xx
Back from Midtown ATL... Saw some girl fights, some falcons players...ah, this shit cray :)
CU Buffs, enough is enough!!
Porter asks: What if we came together under umbrella of non-profit controlled by libraries to deal with publishers re ebooks?
What do you like about chart-topping phenom 's music?
loved NASA PSA for Arthur Christmas on Boxee
Remember to enter! #DecktheDorms and you could win a copy of FSG just in time for Christmas!
Just happy I woke up this morning and have another day ahead me
#thatmomentwhen someone that you indirectly talk about on twitter follows you so you can't talk about them anymore...
Specials today! Tasty Hungarian Sausage for $5 bones. Oatmeal & Brown Suga Blondies. 2qtr lb Polish Beef or Regular Beef for $6 bones.
"I'm just gonna go ahead and say it okay, 'SHIT!'"
RT : OOC: 'The Dinner Party' Best Episode This Season!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
um are u gonna go all the way up to 90? lol :-)
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!
I really wanna get inked up at this very moment...
Classic game MELO's having 2day...damn!!!
So sick of light rail construction on University Avenue! Hello...one hour commute home 10 miles!
Gotta stop the bleeding early Lakers!
hey girl
At the game with ! Got to chat with my buddies Roberto Kelly and BamBam Meulens during bp
i'm still editing ashes, my neck hurts, my yoga ball is losing air
#MoneyFromStrangers is the funniest thing ever! I would be perfect for this show!
thank you buddy, looking forward to yours too!
The most attractive quality of a guy is when they are up front with girls (:
There are many flavors to try including rum, vodka, spicy beer and most important wine
Hahahaa!! Not my words. They are Freehills words.
VIP supercross tickets >>>>>>>
ohh damn what's it about?
Omg I just found a place that I want to go for my birthday!! It looks so fun!! :D
shares space with and it's buzzing with mock interviews this am. #Jobs end homelessness.
Great to hear your making progress! I would love to get together sometime soon.
Principal just called. One of Vic's assistant teachers was killed this morning on her way to school. So sad. Worried about Vic.
Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day! Awesome way to play with your history and benefit
Who would be interested in being able to purchase another one of our songs on I Tunes for only 99 cents?
waiting for ur slow self!
hah alright. and maybe its just me but nobody will take you seriously if u cant spell.
Pick up shots this coming Friday! The Wailing Team
J. cole doesn't look 100% retarded yet, but that solid unibrow and collapsed teeth make me think his chromosome count is odd.
dumb bitch is coming to my church's festival this weekend.... -_- DIE BITCH DIE
Anyone in #RVA have a drywall lift/hoist I could borrow this weekend?
apparently you haven't been following Geraldo's moronic twitter feed. You'll get it then
Only if by helping one means, "increasing the margin by which he will be defeated."
Congrats, all u first timers! RT felt my first earthquake today! i cheered & my coworkers laughed at me. still stoked about it!
Yup, pond study for the next two weeks. Lots of shrieks and amazement over microorganisms
Throw his ass off the ring LOL
yeah. i hear yah.
BarCamp Boston 6 today - been looking forward to this,...
Can't wait to get on here and see everyone talking crap about West Virginia and Marshall 😄
I need to talk to someone ... But I don't have their number ):
Ms.portela really must not have anything better to do than give us a test before the day of the AP exam
yeah I know what you mean!! My dogs know and LOVE the routine "roll over on your back so I can dry off your belly". Lol
Sales Assistant - Previous telesales, cold calling experience a must. full time permanent. Please call 01636 701702.
Some days you ride the tiger. Other days ...
I think I have an obsession with soup.
Know who has delicious pizza? Classic Slice!
I could see that. Austin is on the list.
can u please wish my friend kayla good travels on her move to hawaii?
Yeah---same error here. I tried switching from chrome to firefox and it magically started working (after a minor panic attack)
Studying is full of negative emotions, starts and ends with anxiety
Because the drugs never work, they're gonna give you a smirk.
So does anyone believe that Braylon Edwards will sign with the Bears give me your thoughts
Hey - any info on the controlled burn going on in the Third Ward?
back from detention.-___-
Kesha just said exactly what she told Susie messy ass and that did not sound like her saying I'm gon go off on Tami.
just walk away they aren't worth the time and trouble
att a BBQ with the cuzs
that is correct breezy
let's work
#Cheers in less than half tweeps...
Quickly sesame tea bobs is the best discovery (non alc) drink wise thus far.
missed this, sorry. It was at the Brown Hotel, a great presentation!
RT : "I believe in kindness. But also in mischief." -Mary Oliver #quote #happy2012 !
RT: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm hungry!! Aha..
WOW. Thats a Huge weekend All depends on my sweat loss. & now that it was cut in 1/2.
I didn't think watching 1 show of the hills would affect you that much.
To each his own fandom, i guess!
CASHER LATER NBA: Atlanta Hawks -3 and Portland/LA Lakers OVER 195.5 Best of luck
not enough theatre companies use trailers to pump their shows. they should. they need to. face the future, people!
i don't have a kindle, but I totally just bought a copy of PA for the kindle app on my phone- and yes i downloaded the app to buy it ;)
Nf Bro follow Back
Question: If there were a site that allowed you to invite friends, challenge them to fitness goals, and keep standings, would you do it?
I'm single your single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here?
I'm all better now, turns out i didn't have a broken neck, it was a stiff neck, i guess there is a difference, according to "webmd"
going to set up a writing suite in one of my spare bedrooms, miss having my system online.
Chelsea Clinton at #Joplinschools today!
Oh yes, Had a Ball!
well now everything is big so. Im going to have to one piece it
there with people idk so it woulda been awkward
super sweet
RT : If you could bottle #yankeewhine, it may be the best selling east coast vintage ever!
no doubt we are playing very good!
we are battling from victory, not for victory. The battle has already been won!
Still waiting for those May flowers following the April showers...it is freezing today!
It's not even 1 am yet
Morning(: Have a Great Day! xx
yeah remind me to talk to you and Karen about that, please.
Expanding your twitter network horizons is really difficult when 90% of the people you know or are friends with don't use it...
Seals are onboard to get their job done better faster
well, rein in blood then, from something something in the sky
Loving some al dente wheat pasta right about now.
RT : people who put pictures of themselves kissing on the internet make me sick
The more I watch SportsCenter, the more I realize some of the anchor either don't know sports or are just trying to sell what's hot. cont.
If u want to try something new change all your clocks to 24 hour or military time its fun!
No more locked doors!! Gracias! Lmao
happy birthday. c:
=> looking for a Montreal-based photography consultant. Specialising in product and lifestyle photography. Help!
We have requests for a moonshine booze camp. You people are crazy.
well you've got time, so that's good.
“: #GoLAKings is currently the #2 worldwide trending topic. Very nicely done for a 10 AM hockey game. #HashtagBattle!”nice work DWs
Reese's peanut butter cups for me. *sigh* Its Wednesday.
The ones that survived enjoyed it
Oh thanks... I Want to be homeschooled.. And i kno it was only the first day but I felt like this last year 2.!
MA Sen. Bill 661 sponsored by Sen. Brewer of Barre, not available for comment on 2day. 2 busy fighting crime in Barre
#schoolmemories Sneaking my phone in every class so i can read One Direction tweets. #ohwait i do that everyday of my life. :o
Whew. I clicked on that link and thought I was going to be taken to an ad for Açai berries or something.
why can't i see my mentions?!
I'll put it on the "ideas for poems" list.
Dude. Admit it. That was a legit shell.
yeah xD it's a shame cause the song is really good
happy birthday!!!
I want the depths of your fridge contents...when I search....I find scary
OMG! FOLLOW ME <3
what?!? Too cool.
I never stop until I get what I want!
Happy Friday Beer Bellies! Where and what are we drinking this weekend?
Aw, that sucks! Sorry you've had bad luck with them. What kind of cheating?
Right back atcha! :)
Anyone looking to buy a great house in chesterfield? Let me know.
Thanks for the follow, Greg!
What to do.?!
The I Pad fye been on sense 10:30
you're going to be on the tonight show tomorrow??
I know we do! What are you doing friday night? :)
The 'New' Infor Keeps Commitment To IBM i Customers - IT Jungle
oh hey
Accept the Challenge.\,So that you may feel the EXHILARATION of VICTORY!!
Get a sneak peak of Incredible Networking Event! MRN - CITYCENTRE at The Tasting Room Wednesday from 11AM to 12:30PM.
My wedding band will be inscribed as such: "Sic Semper Tyrannis" (Thus Always to Tyrants). ought to appreciate it.
your cover is absolutely amazing, great job!! :)
Lol when I listen to music in class I get all my perk done that the only way I can focus
Can you imagine if we'd had to take an oral bar exam?
Duration: 30 minutesWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
You gon' learn today.
should i know sutton foster from something?
CARE about #Poor people. U may be broke AGAIN!
RT": The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing"
lol okay I admit. I'm kinda hungry right now but I can't do it..gotta stay strong
Hey Ben.
I'm touched.
It's been a great night for Round 1 of the #NFLDraft ... We'll be back tomorrow for rounds 2&3 at 7pm!
Just tried cereal with water, not that great
wait what church was this at
Sadly and inexplicably a LOT of Republican women are happy to support these ridiculous laws.
It's a joke, not a dick... Don't take it so hard!!
Iam very happy this morning...Not to be in this mood everyday would really be unpleasant. but..Goodmorning tweetie pies!
Tomorrow indoor Market 10-2pm. Purchase something from an amazing artist and receive $10off ur entry to DW
Thanks for the RT yesterday !
Drew is balling today... Funny how people play better after trade talk
none ! Sabrina 2 , Kim the rest .
we can
#Heineken & presents THURSDAY at SET | Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
lmaooo I know!!!
I tried smoking , but I didn't like it ! Could never hit the blunt more than twice !
Be self-reliant and your success is assured. ~ Unknown
I hate that nasty feeling after laying out in the sun
my big fear for two years has been that Randy Wolf will implode. Always expecting the worst. Hope this hit parade slows down.
Our drink specials: Apple Lemon Smoothie, Apple juice, Lemon Lime soda and Italian Ice. Stop in for something refreshing.
always on the hunt, Never too busy for friends :D !
wish you could've come tonight Ellen 😔
got an invite for unrolled.me? I'd like to check that out.
A man's home is his castle,you just have to make it a home first.
My puppys dreams just woke me up and now I cant sleep either, you must be overtired from so much dancing, try to relax, night
Do you know why? It might probably because of too much use of computer or cellphones. :-)
Finally a new Desperate Housewives
its your birthday not the academy awards put a sock in it
The ups and downs of getting a start up off the ground are getting the best of me today! Must. Keep. Pushing.
Interview With The Treasurer, Senior VP And CFO: Evans Bancorp, Inc. (EVBN) - David J. Nasca &amp; Gary A. Kajtoch
Twitter passed 500 million users about 2 hours ago
I was expecting to see a flyers hat. Thank goodness I was wrong!
Raven Symone is a lesbian !?!?!?!
GREAT article! Diptyque is my daddy and I just ordered some yummy deodorant cream from Soapwalla.
According to May Day communique addressed to 'plutocrats, their minions, distinguished members of fifth estate': six Philly banks shut down.
very sad!
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal gets his man: John White new state head of schools in La.
you're just jealous, last night you didn't even know who they were! (:
Right now I'm running Parasoul and Cerebella, but when the game comes out I'm going to mess with some others.
Great times with Stacy Wilkes at the Choo Choo in Des Plaines. How many places can you go where your Dad went when he was little?
On basis of head-to-head between the 3 teams.
#newhampshire is like high school. And, turns out is play @ Fury's not
Sharks arent the bad guys. If some stranger entered my house in just a speedo, I would probably attack him too! (:
TAKE MY DAMN ORDER AND LOSE THE ATTITUDE. U CHOSE THIS JOB NOT ME biaaa
Our next highest scorer after wade and lbj was joel anthony with 5 points... Who needs bosh?
It sucks that a person expressing an opinion warrants blocking.What are they afraid of?I agreed with you at any rate
im in envy
today's national steak and blow job day.. any broads want to have a cookout??
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. - George Edward Moore
you know same ol same ol how have you been
Have you ever been so bored that you don't wanna do anything?
Whipping up a few things...
The Prettiest Girls Always Have The Most Valuable Minds ;)
Wrapping up Springtime shoot for Shape mag in Old Greenwich, CT & done being a Scrooge- time to put the Xmas decorations back.
What if the person you're mad at died today? Would the fight even be worth it?
Looking forward to my trip to ATL tomorrow. Should be very productive.
Tip of the cap to
Alright alright I'm up.....
Watched on the voice because he told me to. Made my night, you never disappoint.
A static layout is essential for projecting the organizational nature of the library and inability to think outside said layout.
What does the word "Homework" stand for?
Haha just pointed my home phone at the tv to turn it off.
Why is this emotion so strong? "The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear." - H.P. Lovecraft
Sorry Scott, not familiar with Twitter so didn't notice message.Medieval maps like al-Idrisi's can be confusing w/o background.
will be in west Hollywood tonight are you guys going out?
I had to get a key to use the library's toilet. Not sure what I liked more: having a bathroom to myself of that the key matched my clothes.
This is just ridiculous.
Just saying lil dog got 1 up on you right now lol “: lol, so im not?”
I am so proud of you. I had my fingers crossed for you! lol
hahah okay deal :)
crazy is an understatement!
how's spring training going for u? The superfans are heading down for 10 days.
sometimes i REALLY wish i knew what was going on in your head.
Ugh I hate homework
Nsugxjssnyxhxyskhzyxjsnduanh xD ALEX FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!! I'm so happy that just made my day :DD <3 !!!!
Great to work on "Bobby Gould" with such a hard working cast the production team!
Uber Pro-Tip: Bring some American Flags on your ride today for the back windows. Everyone will think you are super important. ;)
I'm lovin it!!
Needs to hit me up like, when she's free. Cause yeah. Haha.
Introduction to Credit Derivatives - New Session Added AUG 31 in NYC This one day course assumes that participants have no or minimal know…
RT 3-17-2012..happy 3'rd tiwtter-annis 2 us... Cool what shall I do a shot of when I get off work in our honor? Cheers to ya
Amy Franceschini gets native plants for #OCCUPY Gil Tract Farm project.
Marquis Hill @ The Green Mill tonight!
you don't.
Happy Friday to some of my oldest CUfriends
Marines, Sailors help orphanage while at port in Albania
another nice game...thanks and good night.
@ Derlyuk CONGRATS GUYS
Internet connection has been up and down all day. Not getting as much done as otherwise could.
cherry blossom season magical
Money money money BAAAAGGSSS
LOL! You are on fire this morning. I'm scurred...I think I might need to bring a tranquilizer for you tonight!
I'll put up a pic in a while: )
is back to the grind today. If you're not at the Forum, come pay us a visit. We'll be rooting for a comeback!
Oh… comfort level definitely allows! Ha Ha
In honor of Christ I'll enjoy last of Nugget Nectar, along w/ Bigfoot & Aprihop. U?
I'm going to TNT tonight too! Looking fwd to The Howls. Hope to see you guys there.
One less thing to bring to dinner...
Thought the same thing!!
it's been on my list for a few months. But no where to hang it in this house... go big or go home!
There has to be commonalities at school level-w/ time to argue, sculpt, change the curriculum
And left my phone in the car
so bizarre
Have been following church's conferencing in Tampa. Disappointed in actions. Going back to watching playoff BB to improve attitude.
Very cool!
In your fab city , Love.....LA is breezy but gorgeous today! Working, but hope to connect if you're free. :)
Yet another new closer..... RT : Jones to pitch the 9th
I'd correct that to read "mess"osphere, but I can't ruin a perfectly good science-based joke. Consider this merely an aside
"irregular" is a bummer in many ways.
I'm glad I could help, even a little bit. I can't wait to see "Urn".
Wow RT : #BoatNo1 She is gone…The unsinkable ship….Lost in the depths….All around check their watches 2.20a.m. – exactly.
why do i have 2 go 2 school in 8 hours??:??
On my way back to the O!
My throat hurts!!
Marciela You are winner #2....Shirt Size Please?
We'd like to thank Bootycall Review for following us on Twitter...
I'm done with this team, Yankees season has officially commensed
GIFT CARDS ARE ON SALE! $50 for $40, $100 for $60, and $250 for only $110! Perfect for the holidays :)
Have cable, there's nothing to watch.
Hey :) how are you?
Going to take in some Irish food tomorrow at Always great music too!
Houseful of teenagers. I feel my skin breaking out.
Hi how are u ?
Trying to migrate a legacy SVN repot to GIT when it has a lot of modified binary files is a big pile of sad.
It was my first battle EVER. Omg I still can't believe I won! XD
plays the 1st east Nashville underground Eva! Hit us on fb, come out n rock!!!
soon i will be back from holiday,wait for me bitches! i got big surprises for you!
Dr. Benjamin: "Lack of health insurance costs us 44,000 lives a year in this country. We can prevent these deaths."
i kno thats lame af & his pops wasnt even all that u feel me
yikes!!!!! Wtf is that
Seattle Tweeps! Come hang out @ Spitfire in Belltown for 24 Hours of Le Mans. 6/13 1:30 & 9:00 PM. Great group of crazy racers and fans.
“: Obviously got the digits (;” oh Nicolette, what're we gonna do with you ;)
From Mini to Nano : Home Security Informer
The music is going great actually i am the most happy with the band then i ever have been :)
Now I know you don't love me.
Excited to meet the female artist trio #D3 deliver, document, destroy!
"Think like a Man"....some of y'all already do and that's why you're single
Whats next for ?
have u been on instagram?
my 500th tweet goes straight to ...marry me?
Today was a good day!
I'm seeing lots of vibrant colors lately......colors are back!!!
Out busto heading for the barn
Tonight is S.I.N night at The Wicked Hop! 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs! 345 N Broadway
In shortly over a month Las Vegas will reach the greatest artistic milestone any city can wish for. A stage like no other. Stay tuned...
Looks great with the denim jacket!! So fun.
what's so funny?
Haha all I remember was a great shower and some cereal then passing out!
Nice strong offensive move by Thompson. His growth on O has been a fun thing to watch this season.
I'm trying to shake what me and my friends call that "husband body." LOL
The #spinozium may be the greatest late-night, dorm-hallway, philosophical debate to not involve an actual college dorm (or lots of weed).
When my mom freaks me out about the possibility of a stranger in the house because I left the front door open. #HateThis #notcute 😒
New day in miami fl good morning to all about to grab food an start the day
The Cougar (Puma concolor) is also known as a catamount, mountain cat, mountain lion, panther, and puma.
Will they, will they not cool the city?
Hey everyone! Make sure to pick up your copy of the Santa Monica Daily Press this morning and turn to page 10! ;)
I love how when I sneeze no one says anything but when the prep sneezes...WE MUST SEE IF SHE'S OKAY.
you know this is Sammy..right? LOLOL
+1 RT : so you agree. you think you're really pretty.
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
at least choose gin.
Thanks for the Wednesday afternoon laugh. I needed it!
#IfOnlyICould get someone worth it.
Does the same hold true for your knee? MT : I still miss the speed and accuracy of the keyboard
Hey ! Thanks for the follow.
I saw a few people wearing the sweatshirts we printed for you yesterday :)
feel free to hit me up ya know. :)
It's important to identify a business objective if you want to measure your success. Is it to raise awareness? drive traffic?
Restaurant serves food only from U.S. enemies, Pittsburgh takeout joint called the CONFLICT KITCHEN. Comes with IED for dessert!
Tomorrow is gonna be sick!! We have a video crew coming out so SMILE!
I need some time at the K to clear my mind
Should Come To My House And Be My Present . <3
Red stripe day 2010
meet our crew , , and
Thanks for the follow. Hope you are doing great! :)Lee
And our grandkids. We'll be legends among our neighbors
awesome song. especially played loud! ("Nothing Else Matters")
yep they about to be some sexy ass pancakes
is it silly that I'm crying? I love him. No animal should ever go through pain :((
It seems that most kids in Oregon, south of Portland, have REALLY bad attitude problems. Act like that here, you'd get your ass beat.
Tell them you want Ice Cream and a sponge bath from a hot nurse.
It's almost brunch-time!! is waiting for you at Madison with a new delicious brunch menu!! Open at 10am :1222 Madison St
What's your favorite quote? We'll draw a name Tuesday night to give away another awesome pink bracelet...
Wow! What a smart and creative idea!!
Word up! Where are all the tweets? No one has to go yet? RT : #DCADDYs yay Williams Whittle bathroom tweet up!
my day starts w/ gbf at toast tomorrow...followed by lacma and prob a movie at arclight...and ... excited!
Just add few new products on my site, www.ndpclub.com
1 tweet from 100, who will I give the shout out to.......
I am going to try Latisse myself, be on the lookout for photos of my eyes....
you at MOCA tonight?
I loved Breathe and The Vincent Boys :) Do you follow your fans?
This is our new Twitter page for updates on what is going on in our stores, both online and off. Whats new, promotions and more.
We all know the economy was not the best this past year & will be a slow recovery. Our solution is our own “SEXUAL STIMULUS RECOVERY PLAN.”
My mind is clear when i'm running! It's just me and my music(:
It is too cold to be raining right now
I see you everyday at work homo!
Yes! Last year's twitter garden party was most enjoyable :)
I can't lose you like I've lost everyone else.
because we're not the English department. Better to have better integration/less isolation across curriculum.
I'll bring a Brewer shirt for you to wear tomorrow! :)
you were at SMC yesterday and you didn't come back to see us??? ***tear***!!!
you bet!
This Day in History: Children's author Roald Dahl was born in 1916...what’s your or your child's favorite Roald Dahl story?
No one can top that tweet....probably not all week.
Robert, my name is Robert Parker as well...please email me at:
ok this whole let's get 4hours of sleep a night thing? so not cool.
It's a little late, but Hello to you too! Have you had your #tea today?
not yet....wait until the full default happens
Having a big Halloween party Saturday night sure wish I had a to use
you guys are the illest
innovation cookbook, art of innovation
I hit the wrong preset on the car radio and heard what I can only describe as country rap.
me too!
Are you from Tennessee because you are the only ten I see lol
little boy does your mother know you have a twitter?
we gone keep shinein and counting the Ca$h
The recording studio is my Galaxy the stage is my universe.
im a bad influence when it comes to games
I never start any drama, I just sit back & let it unfold! 😊
insomnia on-line Christmas shopping mode. Kind of fun when you are half asleep.
I'm in a bad mood today! >:(
Hey Mark Cuban, it's alright man. You can always just buy some replicas of your championship trophy.
That's hard to achieve, don't you think?
come here buddy! *hug*
Beautiful >>> Hot
Watching Oprah's SNL special and loving it. God that show used to be good.
The in East Point across from post office is a mess. Always dirty tables, bad service. Send a supervisor to check in here.
recommends developing 4 or more ads to test with different images and text to see what best performs
one question: he says im like a block up from that pup where we used to blow trees- is that right is it pup? or puck?
Just when u think uve heard all the sweet dreams remixes u find a new dope one
Hmm, well she is.. And she's deciding to start drama with me because I went out with him -.-
is this how depression feels, if so it...
Thanks for the follow Rachel. Have a great Sunday evening! - Bryan
yeah..so when its really cold outside i have to wear two sweaters on .
Related: who guilt trips a person about leaving at 6pm on a 70 degree day in February. Mean people, that's who.
acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart.
At food 4 less.
I was just outside picking up trash blowing around & I'm sure T,O. was talking with my neighbor... If Not he looked & sounded like him?
#PictureoftheDay: The Breathtaking Skogafoss Falls in Iceland:...
I don't even shop there
2011 in Review-2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2 off bway shows, great coach
Its  and  n im off work :) Okc vs Laker game today. I wanna see how okc looks in this series.
I don't get how some people think their dogs are cute.
#YouNotUglyBut the way you treat people is.
I'm in bar at IC waiting 4 niece. Still too much noise, 2 diff music tracks! Ack.
What the hell happened to Google Groups? I am having a seriously bad Get Off My Lawn kind of day.
running low on films on my lovefilm suggestions please.......
Watch Hoaders right now! You will feel so good about your inability to do laundry in a timely fashion!
Advice from a conservative voter's perspective, which, however much politicians dismiss it, is better than advice from aides:
Happy early birthday
get down tonight, epic party.
Reports hv surfaced that my phone has bn recovered. sources say my mom was contacted by whoever has it. Stay tuned as this story develops
Let me help your business be found. We are having a buy one get one deal here in Gloucester/northern neck area. Call me today! 7578700531
The millionares and Nathan Ryan tour. <3
your at the library? me too! haha.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana! We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched. ??Thoughts??
If he ain't gonna treat you the way he should then let it go.
I love my city but the IDGAF level is horrible these days with these strippers lol
I hear ya on that!
Hmm, those papers look familiar. ;)
The awkward moment when you go under the mistletoe and Justin's not there...
Sitting here with robert and caitlin thinking about how much it sucks that we probably wont be able to hang this summer :P
walk-a-thon at the ravine
You tripping nah cuzzo ! RT : Come on La
agreed nice pick up, but he's not what he used to be.
Far from it! Happy NY CJ!!! RT Best DJ in MN - Happy New Year Johnny D #508 RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!
Ben and jerrys is so fucking good.
Don't worry, no offense. :) Not sure what's worse, over-communicating and missing dates or saying only when we have a final date.
"Fools have no interest in understanding; they only want to air their own opinions." Prov. 18:2
#ireallywant to see majority of my followers .........in person. :')
Hi, my name is Zac. I'm addicted to graphic design and it's ruining my eyes.
You're not the person I used to know.
Wtf snooki is gonna be a mom wow I don't even know what too say
Ha. Thank you sir. Kinda hard to tweet and watch at the same time though. Excellent race though, eh?
Here's what u do after a tough call: ensure you're in an awesome house & have your housemate offer u macncheese
A little downtown swing at Smalls Friday & Satrurday at 10pm with the Quartet!
Anywho good morning!!! Happy Friday!!!
Deliver Us From Eva is on TBS at 8. Can't decide whether 2 watch game 6, or u Ms. Union, cuz u were THAT good in that movie.
thanks for tuning in dave-- always like to know when people are on board.. you know, i'm the serious one!!
Are you a front seat driver or a back seat driver?
So which did you choose? ;)
Always a good thing when your performance is used to illustrate the way a scene is supposed to be done in class.
Is Starbucks giving away free coffee this morning or something? What's with all of the lines?
Oh shit my bad lol RT : basketball wives duh
RT : KnowledgeWorks pleased to receive Community Service Award from University of Cincinnati Economics Center.
The BEST kind of meeting!
can't you just go to Sprouts for that..?
Do No Thing. Practice being present. Be at peace with yourself. If only for a moment. And another. There is no thing to do.
These teenagers have started a We Will Rock you clap...
": We used to talk for hours. Look at us now."
alright well i have to go to zumba bye :)
You're in it for the long haul.
How is that even possble??
Ah #MakeEmLaugh was soo good! It really brought home the fact that we really don't have GREAT actors like this anymore
Switching up Taco Tuesday for La Comida tonight.
Happy earth day!! Enjoy nature and keep mama earth clean. Try not to be a littering asshole for just one day.
On this productivity grind
We're in the car on our way to Grandma and Grandpa's house! Mom and Dad said we're getting a NEW car tomorrow with lots of stuff for US!
Thank you for all of the RTs!
thanks for the note, you'll have to stop on by
What ever!!“: Who are you RT ": Naaa!im a goon“: Please. Just. Stop. Talking #kthanks”"”
Can't Wait too see The Hitman vs Verb battle
yes sir it's always wonderful to be around my brothas & sistas. The video is gonna be dope!!
um Idk prob going to my Mamaws house :P
Engine28.com arrives tomorrow around noon! You'd better get your fingers ready.
Last night was an amazing time #lets do it again
": People get so consumed with communication through keyboards, they don't know how to act during in person interactions."
*shakes head* it will cousin, good things come to those who wait :)
Lol yeah, every1 was taller than me...even Micha lbs. RT : Seriously?! OMG. I remember when I was taller than you! <3
haha over it, done (:
thanks doll! NYC won us over! Can't wait to come back!
Thanks for the follow. Please let us know if we can help you in any way.
thanks for watching the show. honored to be the subject of your first tweet!
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming swimming swimming. What do we do we swim.
has the party poppin, get in here and party....
finna hit up Outback..ain't been there in a minute, haven't had fries in a minute either
there's a hundred ways to stop tweeting you but I have million ways to never give up!
to this day i still quite enjoy wilder by the teardrop explodes
Was there a prize for 2nd place?
Dear , I really hope you're okay.
Wearing my belt backwards today omg SO crazy!!!!
"Love you more than those bitches before"-lana del rey
RT : Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One says to the other "I can't believe I just blew forty bucks in there."
If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.
Off to Virginia City for Thunder on the Mountain.
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Texting from across the hall, its pretty funny
I'm contemplating going as well. Jury is still out.
Sure, but that's a great problem to have for your business!
and thank you!
Everybody! go follw ! for every follower they donate 1 penny to red cross for japan! GO FOLLOW THEM!
It's difficult for me to tell (from the plot alone) whether there are really thematic differences between the speeches
yes definitely! sad we missed each other
That bird is mine
Great exercise asking attendees to trade devices with neighbors to see reactions. Good story about a Devil Boss too.
Boom boom clap boom di clap di clap
Isn't this true? “: It breaks the heart of Jesus when we're more passionate about electing politicians than evangelizing people.”
need the info to get the cd dup
To be fair, night terrors aren't fears, it's a whole brain processing thing. He got it from me; I sleptwalked forever.
Is it just me or does UITableViewController behave a little differently every time I implement it? X_x
On my worst behavior
Nice 7 mile run this morning temps in low 90s. Attacked by a dog that jumped from a car window to chase me down. Wha? Like a Tazmanian Devil
I'm good, just enjoying my summer break. How are you and the little lady?
how is that even a comparison
Stayed tuned later TODAY cuz I will be posting a new video on YouTube of my cover of Bruno Mars "Just the Way You Are"-hope u'll watch it :)
what is the show about? :)
I'm in my bed and that's all that matters
We got free breakfast today at work. Very nice.
Happy New Year!
my goodness! I need to back to monitor the floor!!
Haven't seen Tweet lately which makes me sad. #sadtweet #disappointed #summer issues
Not having a good day/night...
Colorado Loves ABP!
Chinese proverb say man who go to bed with itchy bum wake up with smelly finger!
Thanks, fellas!
Keep it going, and if I can help you, let me know.
oh I suppose I can get the kids. :) on my way & almost there actually
I don't hear that often enough RT : I'm going to withhold my full judgement of the Galaxy SIII until I'm holding one in my hands.
Life tends to bite you on the ass a lot... its starting to piss me off!
Spain, but they're both Spanish speaking so it's close!
hahaha I did, I lost it downtown like a month ago tho
Oh Santa Barbara, your temperate weather and ocean breezes are brilliant. Totally needed today.
Ticket to KW, check. Hotel reserved, check. Anyone else want to go to FL 3/2-6???
Me catching feelings..ion know bra 😁
Don't know about any hip hop festivals.
Surprise! Facebook now owns every picture of you, ever.
An anonymous someone made me smile today: tiny cartoon shrimp sticker on the outside of my classroom door!
If God brings you to it, he'll bring u through it =)
I think that the next #playstation should have sturdier shoulder buttons.
The board is being criticized heavily by Eagle. Being called a political sellout. "You think we're stupid".
Thank you Rachel! You will receive your next single session half off!
Yes! RT : mainstream media screwed the pooch on this 1
RT : Courage is knowing what not to fear. ~Plato
Lol! *twitches* Thanks girl!
Happy Monday!
Using PollEverywhere for cellphone polls in class
Got a phone call from bro/niece to say Roll Tide Roll after #NCAAgymnasticsChampionship....I said 'Go Bruins' & he said 'Boston?' Haha! UCLA
we are just black on the inside 👯 🎶🎵
Thinking about tiling your back splash, painting or carpeting your family room - well the holidays are growing fast upon us call for a f ...
Way to pull of the win! Great battle #niners!
An email about how GOOD something is (without suggesting improvements)? Some people are just nicer than me.
No problem - its young adult so if its not up your alley and want something else let me know
Starfish might be the next big thing in criminal defense.
tbh, I think old people+my family lies to me. Its heartbreaking.
I must be a little bit insane. Part of my lunch included a Hillel Sandwich. And I enjoyed it.
I forgot too. But I'm still glued
That we need to get a clue!
Amazing video. Thanks for sharing, Michele!
girl yes because my heart couldn't take that LOL
Happy Mother's Day!
I'm that guy in the park with sunglasses and a long black case.
we gone take it to the moon take it to the stars who knew we could take it this far <3
Im really sleepy
haha totally awesome!
Gotta love Easiest pick up from airport ever. Much better than "Buber" ;)
Thank you all to who attended, shouted out, and mentioned my #sociallaw talk -
hahah thanks! I'll stop stressing now #relief :)
King of Queens until 7 and pie. Solid hour and a half.
Can you tell I'm frustrated? I hate nothing more than losing to the Chubbies.
SO good!! Worth the money!! Stay after the credits!!!
k come outside ill be there in a min I would call but yeah -_-
Yep, I am super excited! Thanks!
That's either insane, or brilliant. Either way, you have to appreciate the boldness.
how can ayers get that gig? He allowed a 6 on 5 finish at WKU earlier in the season.
He would need 2 checkins to be mayor.
I wish I could find the source for the idea of art orgs writing their own ciriticism/hosting critics in residence.
Fascinating fact about teaching 5th grade. When you come in with your curly hair straightened, kids will want to pet you like a Pomeranian.
Wow Jim Harbaugh skipped his post-game press conference..
RT No one lives near me .-. Sad for life”
I said and I say it again! We've been had! We've been took.
Donovan and Beckham here in KC on Saturday..I may quit my job to go watch this game!
WHAT! Oh how I wish I could have been there!! haha x
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 :-)
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Is any fish more routinely overcooked in restaurants than salmon?
Hey everyone... just finished recording a new cover song and hope to post it on youtube soon. Anyone want to guess who's song I covered?
mendeley makes science more collaborative and transparent.
I hate how my school's financial aid department is out to screw me.
i know & i have walls built up. but there's always one person who seems to slip through the cracks.
Everyone go and follow ►►►► !
The snooze button is my best friend.
Can I get a 40 point deficit please?
It's a job finding a job.
I know, right? My inner surfer girl. ;)
I LOVE THE JEANS IN MY DP SO MUCH .
taking a twitter break from homework :) haha
did not get tricked at all yesterday... not that i know of anyway...
RT : New Mexico Museum of Natural History Foundation Want a unique and romantic way to celebrate Valentine's Day?!......
thanks for the tip earlier I'd like to repay that by showing you this
: aw you are so sweet!! Thank ya muchly....got some new live vids to upload from our gig last night!!
How do i upload a pic to twitter :(? hate using twitpic! xx
cool!! We didn't know that. We'll post some pictures-- thanks!
Marcia Clark is coming to our library today. I'll refrain from any snarky commentary. Pls supply your own.
i hear ya,howz everything?
way too soon to write Tiger's obit... even in Nicklaus' 60's he was still breaking into the final rd of majors
luckily I still have one. But down town and our schools. Everything is gone. So many people lost their homes. I have never
yes. We have tile, carpet and wood. It goes from one to the other -- even up onto area rugs.
at 9 pm. You coming?
So didn't notice what happened to carbonite when they pulled adverts from Rush?
who is gay??
Tebow will have to prove himself in camp next year. So basically, it's over for him. Probably. Actually, for sure. He's getting traded.
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: Be objective. Your audience will know when you're trying to make money from them
SO glad they gave Terry some awesome attention this week!
Good Morning! Start your day with a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee!
"Welcome to the ROCK." -Sean
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
I was suppose to go get my dress fitted or whatever the fuck but my moms not even here fuck.. panicattack
We're called new-b's for a reason! :D
thanks for posting the news. Certainly good news that they can come back home eventually.
Tell me a story :)
I'm a professional foot and leg model.
I see boah
Let's just say there is a lot of love in our friendship! <3
I really don't wanna be in pain anymore
I love you like a love song, babyy(:
Gettin it together for cuzos baby shower
Call of Duty: Zombies HD for iPad....yes.
that kids can be a real pain in the @$$!!!!!
I just made some awesome chocolate chip cookies. Then I ate four of them.
Share! I've been looking for a better one!
When your bestfriend ignores your messages when you need her the most <<<<
Come on out to Plan B tomorrow as I get the night kicked off @ 7:30pm
will you be the key to my heart ? ♥
AWW CLOSE THOUGH RONDO!
sweet tweet! Thanks!
I think its retarded when people pose as celebrities and are all like "If you follow ____, I'll dm you" Dude, your not even effin verified!
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket
would love to see. Congrats
Glad you enjoyed your visit this weekend, Ryan! Sorry you missed the chair massages. You'll have to come back!
I think this bishop needs one of those red laser pointers that cats like to chase.
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. Shine Baby SHINE!
We've gone so far, why turn back now?
I have no idea what you're talking about
I want someone to love, and spend time with, and talk to for hours.
Rangers-Caps Triple Overtime. #NHLPLAYOFFS keep getting more exciting every game. Hope does not lose all his fingernails
Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before. Want to vanish inside your kiss and I love you until the end of time
Is it me or do do da same move every week to win a match?
... last day of high school! Woot Woot :)
#Somewhereinthehood the #WinWinSituation becomes the trend ! So do we ahahah #WinWinSituation the new trend
great work, i look amazing lol
I'm guessing I'd be glad to work for/with anyone whose first instinct is to contact this reporter.
"I hear y'all here know how to party, but what's a party without some good ass weed!" o wiz. c:
love your background
So, maybe Chris Bosh is the 2nd most important guy on the Heat? Maybe, um maybe Wade is the expendable one?
The Office still has new episodes! So cool!!
If you're diligent about fully deflating it & folding properly, you can get it down to the size of a big piece of luggage.
come and save maddie dimes... I hate this class
Nice. Where's your vacation to?
Heading to #Lambeau in #GreenBay with to watch #GMen take down #Packers. Dare I wear Giants blue into the stadium?
IM not even there yet
Who do you think I should start between Palmer and Rivers? And Bills or Jets Defense?
New chant for those wall st protestors: 'this is what dirty hair looks like!'
I think they already did, personally. Maybe when Don first started working under Sterling.
0 days til prom! WHOOP WHOOP
" stand for something or youll fall for anything"
is my favorite actor. I love him. :) Always makes my day better.
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: MIHA (Most Important Household Appliance)
thanks for the RTs
me too Valerie!! :)
alright will hook it up
its great! Love the CS Lewis quote. Would love to see some passing reference to Babe the Blue Ox in next one, right?
I let you know if we open a bureau out there :)
thanks for spreading some love about the Pace Presents concert series !
i need to come see it all! how late are y'all open tonight? xox
*give PEACE a chance*
Thanks for connecting and hanging out guys! Helped one of our future leaders start dreaming big dreams!
When closing business the rational part of the decision must seem plausible that's all. Move on to other issues, like: Where is his pain?
dude pulled out a gun at a snow ball fight..wtf!
Just click on the #EBUS118 link in any of my tweets to follow along.
I hate when someone is about to tell you something, but then says nevermind.
That was crazy! RT : What an episode
Yesterday 4/5 saw Cirque Du Soliel's MJ The Immortal Tour @ Madison Square Garden What a great show& so emotional 2.Hear MJ's voice I cried.
please do me a favor and follow this lady I will be tuned in tonight ;)
in defense of Mitt and the GOP, gays and minorities and women have never contributed anything to society. What a joke.
EVERYONEE: please do me a favor! FOLLOW ! thats my personal and im trying to get 300!!!
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
you go girl!!!
dodgers are great! I'm a Houston boy so Astros are my team!
finally calmed down-Mom is home w/no residual effects from heart attack, I had surgery & it was successful. All is well.
the jets
Hi Monica :-) hope u are having a GREAT time wherever the wx is wonderful. You probably brought the sunshine with you! :-)
---Those who treat one bad those who block one., those who judge one , those who ignore one., those who think they're better
your analysis is fire fuego flames
What's good today?
do you live close to kentucky?! a lot of my friends have 270 as their area code too but they live in kentucky.
Thank you for the support
Want to serve dinner on Sat. from 630-830pm at the shelter? Call 303-294-0157 ex 2105 if you can!
Dust off your playforms & bell bottoms! Disco Party on Sat. 5-14 at to benefit the ATGC. $10 at door, or $5 w/ food item.
Now back to chapter 8 of trapped in the closet, 14 more to go lol.
Getting ready for photoshoot for some doctors in CLT
no offense big people but you guys need to where better clothes, when your so big and your fat rolls hang down it's time to exercise.
Im a Idiot ..... But it was worth it
what?! You know I like shiny things! ! Now I really can't sleep! Must.get.my.precious...
We totally aspire to be as awesome as WarmGun! We even have speaking :-)
Did u see what just keeked? People need to stop hating!!
aw really?! Thanx:)!
all right no problem, can't wait to hear it!
it's because he put it in the wrong hole!
I think they got a chance! I still believe they have outplayed Nash and all it takes is 1 win to plant some doubt in the Preds
Lexington Commons wishes everyone a fun and safe weekend! Get out and enjoy your great city Lexington!
I agree. You must see hangover2. Also don't forget to see #harrypotter next month on my B-day.
Watching- Eat, Pray, Love. So far so good. Lots of inspirational one liners. "want to know how to be HERE, stop waiting for it." EPL
Not sure.. we're just getting a lot of random spam DMs!
Boozer plays well against Heat because he wanted to come here. Lives/fam from here. Riles didn't even talk to him.
Mentions are so dead omg.
(: gotta go cheer on our boys!
The show will begin airing live Sundays, 10AM-11AM CST on #WLAC 1510. Why not advertise your business to my many listeners AND be a guest!
"Fight 'em 'til hell freezes over, then fight 'em on the ice!" --TCU coaching legend Leo R. 'Dutch' Meyer
go into notification settings then messages then turn off "show preview"
Congratulations on your new job! I'll miss hearing the explosions and sound effects that project from your classroom!
Yeah think bodyguard = NFL! So proud!! “: Just got some great news about one of our team members!"
Would love to. Definitely let me know when you guys are in town!
Word! Love that! My hubby has washed my locs. #Score RT : your boyfriend helping you take your braids out. That's love.
Apple Care hold music, like Apple Care itself is "music to my ears" - David Bowie, The Cure and George Harrison so far.
Uh huh! RT Anyone going to the first time attendees orientation at 5?
Its cause your too busy watchin captain stabbin
perfect - look for email! cheers
when did you become a javelin monster?! I saw that stat last week and thought it was a 1x thing. You don't play around!
Hey Geoff! I am sorry you feel that way. Can you email supportseattle at uber dot com? Thanks!
At one point in my childhood I was convinced that "Marky Mark" would be my husband. lol.
~ so true I love all his movies !
Creator God You gave me breath so I could praise
Thank God for 3 day weekends :)
cool... I'll send you a note. Is your personal email still the same one?
What's up TweetDontEaters? What are y'all eating today? Better be some good healthy foods!!!
Holy shit #milwaukee #bucks. What a game
Feliz cinco de mayo! And talk derby to me ;)
yes, everything over 40 hours. Gotta get to 40 first :P
I'm using an interesting combination of methods :) It's unfortunately not easy to configure
Amen, Brother. RT : Kale (which I and love) would not be my last meal. I'm thinking cheeseburger, pecan pie
It's a RBF morning...
URGENT: DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT NUMBER PERRY IS WEARING. I NEED TO ORDER MY JERSEY
so glad you're back!! Haha
the #40YdDash package would get me under 5 in the 40!
Check out "come unity" online. Playing their 6k now. It benefits women in Africa and contributes funds to getting water to villages.
old school mode?
looking for heaven found the devil in me... well what the hell I'm gonna let it happen to me!
My family loves me
I am not hipster enough for this part of San Francisco.
hangin wit ma new friend
Only 4% of National Historic Landmarks reflect the contribution of women. Goal to expand that. from Ken Salazar
Agreed! My 8yo & I were channel surfing earlier. She sees #heatseekers & yells "Stop! Heat Seekers!"
haha don't they always?! ;)
Do you have a crafty book you'd like to share with the people of Detroit? We are gratefully accepting donations to our reference library.
omg you are so lucky I'm basically failing that class right now
It's becoming a port!
Heard what sounded like a 747 fly over my house on Bainbridge Island, followed by at least one F15.
Man this human centipede 2 is one disturbing ass movie...o_O
I'm just saying it's fine by me If you never leave And we can live like this forever
I'm eating a sandwich hoping that today will go by fast lol
It did sound childish. U RIGHT!. .but this is YO SHIT. . .TREAT IT LIKE IT'S YO SHIT.
New version of #virtualbox out (v4.0) and it's sweet! New, sleek UI. 4GB ram support for 32bit clients and lots of fixes/improvements.
I believe it's trust to keep a healthy relationship
i will no doubt
Add Dre too RT : Agreed RT : #Grammys2011 performances I'm most excited for = BrunoMars/BOB/JanelleMonae & Rihanna/Eminem
Yezzzir. Becoming a mountain man.
Has someone solved the problem of voicemails that require followup? They make me crazy.
To educate a man in mind, and not in morals, is to educate a menace to society.
Skipping class and watching the #Tribe beat this carcass that once was the #Twins .... check
Signs you probably should stop stealing: you get thrown out by Kurt Suzuki.
#FF Mutual Admiration
A total of 19,101 existing homes were sold in Texas last month, a 20.4 percent decline from May 2008
Happy Birthday and Maggie Smith :)
All is well. ;o)
Oh damn...RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys
I Can't Breathe. (Don't send help - that's my final "Ghost: The Musical" track title for today.
NO WAY! That's definitely not good advice.
Watching M*A*S*H. I love this show!!
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Starting a project? Document it in pictures & vid: A remodel, a plant growing, a new product design?
Not everything ends. Our love lasts
u always gotta turn it around on me don't cha
That is very generous, but I think I'll pass. :)
See, iv been waitin all day for you to call me baby. ❤
Really exciting news regarding Deuce Deuce coming soon!!!
Oh gosh. I don't remember. I thought it began with a D. I just remember looking in the phonebook.
follow back
Going to heb in my pjs :)
Miss you too!
- my baby sisters- its been a good night ;)
another failed rocket attempt by #northkorea..maybe they should worry about more important things like #freedomofspeech??
iPhone developers, can you recommend some tools for gathering user-feedback from within the app?
Is it bad that the only reason I'm getting up right now is because the Chili Peppers are tomorrow omg
I TWEETED ALOT TODAY SO GOODNIGHT AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
Amazing how far a simple traditional hand written thank you card can go.
Who is the guest for Laptop Chat 5?
When the design process is too easy, you know you haven't thought about it enough.
Feels good to be back home in DC, nice day outside.
RT I'm 291 away from having 3000 followers on Twitter and 8 away from having 10 friends in real life.
-5 for coming in late -_- man
you are Kobe gorgeous!
Hi Brittany! Otis Redding = good stuff!
Start the Weekend Early Tonight Hosted by 2011 DMV Calendars Miss Februarry
the only positive thing about waking up this early is that #boymeetsworld is on!
It was also Mitt's idea to erect the Berlin wall in the first place. He flip flopped and tore it down!
Survivor time
text me when you can. I'm a wreck
iHate when I suggest a movie, Everyone agrees, i turn it on...& No one pays attention to it
My mom thinks i have a mental problem because i stuff my clothes in my closet instead of putting them away. #newsflash Every teen does it.
Don't do it like Vinny!
When I grow up I want to be Zooey Deschanel.
thanks so much Dude!!!! <3 bri
nah lmfao. That's too much juice for me to drink ^.^
Enough with that tag!!! LOL. I was watching the Rays game for a while. But now my teams are on...
At what time is it ruled unacceptable to be woken up from a dead sleep by women partying in the hotel room next door? 2am isn't cool w/ me.
#HonestyNight - I hate it when guys begging on the street have a limp when people are watching but the limp goes away when no one's around
I'm like a train going full throttle, and I'm about to fly off the tracks.
hey i met your wife last month. i just started working at her library. she gave me a great tour of the photo collection! ^_^
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive" - Kanye West (not my favorite, I just really like it)
Follow me I follow back.
we can go ham cam newton in like a week.lol
UGH! I am SO tired I can't see clearly. Eyes are so weak... No fun working all day/night & then coming home to work...
u do know I was joking right.
#Raleigh tweeps - looking for a #restaurant for a nonprofit event that would charge no more than $10/person for a meal. any ideas?
U ROCK X
Getting ready to go sing the anthem and half time show at the game tonight! #comeonout :)
it'll happen someday lol so are you running today or tomorrow now?
": I did. RT Who killed your barber?" That's the kind of toupee' we believe is real or else why
Regal Beloit Beats, Profit Improved
These SVU marathons are so hard to ignore LOL
thanks so much! Very appreciative!
Woot woot! Thank you! Excited to have another workout buddy!
LIGHTS GOT MARRIED WHAT
Today has been a great day at kings island
I'm so in love with my sammich. It's real love. Thanks Fricanos's
dear bloggers, how do you find things to write about, and keep the motivation to write?
i've been sleeping all day
No offense I'm juss saying how I feel!!
I'm done watching American Idol. Y U NO BRING BACK JOHNNY?!
Me against the world so ima fall back and give it some space
Yeah I'm good I guess
O is for the only one i see
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar on Friday November 18 noon to 7 pm
Leggo my eggo ya feel me
email from JetBlue Airways re: Mystery Offer.
"We're going to learn CSS in 13 minutes."
yes!!! And hopefully you've enjoyed the onslaught we been puttin on the hawks ;))
Thursday Night at g/r/a/n/d! I'm spinning 10PM to 1AM! Come out and support DJ Michael Fusco at g/r/a/n/d tonight! 15 Bank st, Stamford, CT
It amazing how immature people are.
In case you hadn't heard: the Prime Minister & Mrs Cameron have arrived in the US for their official visit to the
Dear Earth, Just want to make you a better place with occasional pay while doing it so I can eat relatively well. Is that too much to ask?
mayne! Sitting in a farm I suppose
Administrative assistant- I found out my major I'm graduating 6/12/12 makes at least 3k a month. Great :)
ill just email you the song...
Hope I'm not jerky, but I wonder what an ebook pub brings when a bozo like me can self-publish, make a website, blog & tweet.
We vegetarians get a bad rap, but it seems like meat eaters do most of the evangelizing around here.
great choice!
haha thanks babe :) ill show you end result laterr
come see me? Lol.
Visit the IE Computer Society Booth at Interop Las Vegas
Trying to get used to my glasses. It isn't going particularly well.
Sex is great, but it's not worth losing someone special over.
Interesting, I know of an Olivia Rose born in recent years. Big congrats to Emilia, her family, and Auntie Carolyn :)
After hacking at the solid chocolate easter bunny for days, the human prevails! It is a bittersweet victory...
I hate when the bums at my job be acting like they having important conversations on the phone
It takes 4ever 2 get anywhere in downtown LA!!!!!!
I agree, some good points but not well framed at all. It's like a blender of intellectual stereotypes running on high.
Fina go night night
I need to start following Kanye West. That should be good for some LOL'z.
RT Barrett "This is an historical election" He's right, not many people get a chance to lose 3 times.>>>OFS!!
Show last night went real well. Everything i could have asked for. Talk soon.
Welcome back. We missed u!
AV fest and at the cubby bear this saturday. Never a dull moment.
Does anyone in your home suffer from asthma or allergies? Consider using an air purifier this Spring!
Why don't you ever shoot stuff in Florida. It's beautiful ya know ? Loll.
Yes, sir!!!!!! Looks like me might be playing the Hawks next week, yo!!
What kinda car?
RT Rams pass on next pick--just feel freaked out by Roger Goodell and the hugging thing.
they couldn't have picked a better person to use the save on, Jessica totally deserved it!
“: Yes...what is their screening process? Anyone know?
Congrats to Sounds like we get to see him and his path to the belt in the ufc with a new contract.
RT : Shopping #organic often means shopping at more than one spot
haha what did you get ? lotion? ;D eh it was whatever just wanna go back to school already :l it gets boring sometimes ya know
You aren't as transparent as you may think ;) but as long as you want me to make you believe otherwise I will
There it is... Game on
it is seriously! What the heck!
So what nigga you got a attitude, FUCK you and your demeanor ;)
More teacher's cuts.Send Gov Scott Walker an email. "" Gov Scott Walker email per
seriously can you not get this to fuck !!!!!please <3
What You Do When Love Turn To Hate ?!? Ya' Gotta' Separate From These Fuckin' Fakes !!!
damn your boy looks like a beast next to her. Lol
Daily Report: The Consumer Electronics Show
What does "local copy" mean here?
O almost finish with Highskoo. > smh
What's up man? How's school? Hope everything is good.
so you got to hang with Milton??
Love putting on sweatshirts that are fresh out of the dryer
In Austin, Tex., the Pink Palace Is a Legend The housemates who live at the Pink Palace, in Austin, Tex., share an ethos of “radical in
Three words: Point. Break. Live. . . Which leads me to another word: Whoa. . .
I put it on shuffle, but I still play the songs I want.
Hope e1 who legally gambled over internet on the Kentucky Derby w/ reg US companies had a neat day<<<Legalize online poker!
Check out our company, Ocius on LinkedIn !
Laundry on a Wednesday. Yup, that kind of weekend.
Sharon and Jimmy will be on Spokane, Washington's KXLY News with Robyn Nance on March 23 at 5:50 am and 6:20 am talking about the new book!
You are correct, , the song Deep Red Bells by is amazing...
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar - Mobile Operators Leading the Charge on CEM.
We can check for you. You can visit our gallery on our website as well;)
Holy hell the KPOP sectional on On Demand is so damn awesome right now ♥
RT: Majority of Americans: Please raise taxes on billionaires. Congress: Herp derp screw the middle class! Majority
I kno he played in a fewNBA playoffs... Does that count?
in San Diego w/The Pheromones
lol all you have to do is put "(sp?)" in ur tweet after the word and it will respond.
Jimmy Johns? I think yes
Side Bitches Stay Behind The Scene !
Zogenix Submits New Drug Application (NDA) to U.S. Food and Drug ... - MarketWatch (press release)
you forgot to add the girl at the end of that sentence
RT : 43% say social media ROI is exceeding expectations
Yo! Thanks man! We recorded an E.P. last semester but are still waiting to release it... I'll holler at you when we do, soon!
So's Your Mom sandwich
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
aaaawwwwww!!! 😍 I want it!
Just had a much needed breakthrough with the lil sis. We all needed it, n I'm glad she did it.
"My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four; unless there are three other people."-Orson Wells BTW, our dinners for 4 ROCK!
What DeLaran said: I need to put my web address on my business card... What Lova heard: I need to put my rugby dress on my business card.
As of now, I am at 175 and still dropping
I wear my heart soon my sleeve.
It's about time you made an honest living....
If today ended now, I'd be cool with that
Go Big Blue!
Rangers Force Game 7 in New York Three second-period goals gave the Rangers a win in Game 6 over the Ottawa Senators.
everybody go follow this dude is funny he is my bestie
Teens drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk. Why? Cause it has a shot of alcohol in it. Guess what else does. A shot of alcohol.
": You can't help someone who dosent wanna help themselves it's impossible. !"
210664 srsly. i sit back and think of the money i could make so fast and easy if i just were loose
worth the wait! Thanks for the great food!
I really hope I made the right choice last night
Rock vs Cena at Wrestlemania? This is a joke right?
Seriously I kinda just want to move to Cali!!!!!!
RT : Dick Kelly is on Time's top 100 most influential people candidate list..because of Smart Grid City.
i dont have class 2day but im going 2 school to get help studying for this final…
Bought one of those huge pillows for dogs U see all the time a Costco, but 4 our cat. He's looking like the Hugh Hefner of cats right now.
b dazzle
Rose, Arenas, -, Boozer, Howard? #how? lol
nervous to see rory tonight
Tested out the mead today.. not too shabby. It will do its job well I think.
O would some power the giftie gie us to see ourselves as others see us.
More mentoring in the classroom as part of the college curriculum could prove effective
Join us for dinner/starters: PAN-SEARED FOIE GRAS, fresh strawberries, toasted brioche, truffle, lime zest
TILL THE SWEAT DRIPS OF MY BALLS
Thank you! We're so excited!
the and the general thought of make me EXTREMELY excited. #fourthyear #ready #folkon (cc: )
Added three new machines to the Shanghai Tunnel tonight. The Getaway, Addams Family and World Cup Soccer.
i should have held out! i just bought batteries, its a slippery slope...
Great, Patti! Thanks.
Did a day search on my computer and guess what it was... day 11 to day 11. #Ha!
Have to admit that I'm rather pumped for Animal Man this Wednesday!
is just starting out tweeting. Stay tuned for more updates from us!
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, "try not to act like a criminal, try not to act like a criminal.""
“: Going to see The Grateful Dead tonight. Show number 17. Fuck yeah.” Just Grateful (~);}
Just got home an got my new phone. I may not have your number so message it to me.
BROCK LESNAR IS BACK! WELP, HERE COMES THE PAIN!
Glad to hear it Greg! My Red Ale turned out great - and I've got a Double Oatmeal Stout almost ready to be bottled.
Makin music
Naomi's in
Excited for "Full on Oregon"! Thank you for including us!!
redesigned 36 icons today...
Joyce Manor and The Wonder Years in the morning <3
Both Of Us Remix <21 (:
I h8 how ppl be getting high 2 try and "solve" their problems
getting sick of this city.
I rented "God Bless America" ondemand the other week and had my mom watch it. Even my 60yr old mother loved the message.
we're you guys playing sabotage as a tribute to MCA who died today from #beastieboys? If so great call!!
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you. <3
Should I be worried?
Just got rid of dining table to neighbors and made the dining room a new kids play area!
Technology is amazing! Sitting at the lake and doing business with a company in China... Lovin my new iPhone!
I have all my assignments for the rest of the semester. Part of me wants to just get it done and over with.
Better be LOVE you're coming to see. :) :)
I wonder where 28 points in one half stands as far as playoff lows
Yep! I do!
I can't believe I haven't Tweeted about what's going on tomorrow. So Excited fot
Merry Christmas everyone... to all my TwitterFam.. LOVE, RESPECT AND PEACE!
sucks to suck
I was going to tell you a joke about my pecker here...but it's too long
...think it always best to be the WIND BENEATH THEIR WINGS*... ...Not the ANCHOR underneath their TUCKUS!!! Ijs Smh LoL
I'm thinking some people get confused with the social website called facebook with TwoFacedBook.
TELL ME ABOUT IT
Stands as one minus china.
thanks for follow
If you weren't so strong you would have let go a long time ago.
thanks for the follow...
I don't think we REALLY need the oversized rodent to tell us tomorrow that we won't have more "winter." Pfft.
HALF PRICE TIX for smash hit "Confessions of a Mormon Boy" at Denver's Dangerous Theatre Thurs.! Provocative, inspiring....
cool cool I guess lol
GO FOLLOW !!! SHE'S BELIEBER AND HER TWEETS ARE AWESOME! :)
and B.O.B. on #Leno last night was a winning combo.
you are probably right. Looks like I was too optimistic!
The Bebop Cafe presents Fever First Fridays with DJ Celo spinning 80s and 90s all night Free before 10pm, $10 after.
Dear Candidates, How would you champion modifications to or expansion of the City's current funding stream for local arts and culture?
There was someone selling them at the PSU farmer's market on Saturday.
“: Los Angeles’ full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.”” oh jeez :O
where u from
