"Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough." -Charles Dudley Warner
Can't find your locker? Member lockers have now moved from the south side to the gallery by the kitchen and conference studios!
I'm sure they do bro. Hope we can all do Disneyland 2gether.
and something about getting a chance or something like that
TOMORROW we say "Relax...it's Monday" open bar for ladies noon-1pm plus & spinning
Goin to work phoneless...this is gonna suck
we moved to Brookes Ave just above Balboa Park! Great street.
see you Wednesday? Call me
no not yet let me do it now
Hope it went well. Looking for beer in Baltimore? Try Quarry Wine Spirits.
still wondering why they should pay big bucks for the story her lawyers fabricated that we heard for free
Finished test only had 4 questions
happy birthday Milli! Much love!<3
Hell yes it would! We just have to tell all of our Ohio friends about them & make a concert promoter book them!! :)
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
Take a couple pics if you can
Glad you feel this way. RT: “: Ians pizza is sorta super fantastic:) #yum #fatty”
Just because she's pretty doesn't mean your ugly!
can u please tweet it to Me!!!
Two things I treasure most in life are: 1. being psychoanalyzed by an amateur, part time psychologist; 2. Sarcasm.
The assistant coach's job is never done...
Always! ;P
Test in 24 hours got to study, need more caffiene
Not a good sign. I usually heart delta. United my #1 though. Gold w/ them.
Facebook just upgraded us to the timeline format! Our page will be looking rather different in the morning...
Thanks! Did you win the past round?
aw.(: your a cutie <3333
People of color: you can refer to me as a "Caucasoid American".
My birthday is May 25th just a reminder. I like gift cards,cake,tater-tots & doing comedy!
the hamster wheel. Fascinating correlation-Moving real fast but going nowhere.
seems legit. Is there an automatic orange peeler out there somewhere?!
No one wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without.
awesome night! ready for a great day of ultimate tomorrow
CELTICS! #IAmACeltic Now I can shower! Ah awesome night!!!
Watching the Heat game makes me want to ball up. It's been too long.
Still can't get over how satisfying Spike Lee's pout face is.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV (:
I don't wanna wake up ):
Headshot Tip: Book your session in the afternoon so you can sleep late & look rested the day of your shoot!
very cool! Once a Simpsons fan, always a Simpsons fan
Nothing reminds me what a klutz I am like clumsily fumbling around the new interface.
I hope this bitch didn't just tweet about me.
I wann u to suck my cockiness and eat my persuasion!!!! And slurp my cum afta....
Found my pink high top chuck taylors, #MyBabies <3
dance tonight!:)
perfect love is not loving a perfect person but learning to love an imperfect person perfectly
Central Oregon sports fans: keep an eye on former Sisters High standout Cory McCaffrey. His PSU team gets a shot at national power TCU.
"In the arms of an angel..." *turns channel*
OMG i LOVE austing single!!! ♥ I MADE MY MOM GO TO WALMART AT 1 AM TO GET A ITUNES CARD!! ♥ ♥ ♥
And it will be a great chapter. Stay strong and game on RT: : On to the next chapter of my Life
Yes! Especially if it was "DIRK" instead of "R805."
Want or germaine to win but mostly julliette
It's always fucking deflections man...
your lil chris
Coolin watching without a trace...
Dear aphids:You're really going after my honeysuckle this year.But I will get every one of you covered in soapy water & you will #ruetheday!
Up to 81% Off Infrared Body-Contouring Wraps in Studio City, okay Groupon what is this this isnt real
NAB day one. Hope to bring you product pics and info as the day goes on.
#DIRTYCASH going in in tonight w DJ Herbert Holler !
and like he somehow transfers godlike powers to D-Rob while he recovers
everything is worth fighting for if you believe in it.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.21
Spending weekend with MOM and DAD.
good morning y'all! hope everyone had an amazing weekend!
Working mothers suffer less #depression than moms who remain at home.
Congratulations Geordie Klueber! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
In my experience, OCR has always been a bit, off. Never matched up to pretty tight dating in the Black Warrior Valley in AL/MS
“Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.” -Romans 12:12
I give them defined faces. Sometimes its with familiar faces and some I don't recognize. But always a face.
Who knew watching a bunch of people study for a chemistry exam would be soo entertaining? lolz
i mean the film, the city or the craving?
Hey if Bret Farve retires he can come run the Monumental!
I am thoroughly convinced that, with practice, the focused mind can see the beauty that exists in any and every moment.
land rover discovery/defender alloys ?
KD just fought back from 14 down now just down 8
Reminder that #GradBash tickets are on sale after school in room 233 for $110!
haven't seen you on Chelsea lately : ( Miss you. still want you to get your own show!!
home watchin the avengers wit vince saba hasann and his cousin
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo WAS HOW I TIE MI SHOEE
whered did you find this sign?
lmao I'm sure your still hittin that reefer. "KAYKAY"
On stage - drive on stage on a rocket bike.
people plzz follow me
yeah, I think that's why it's taken so long to hit national media. not good for pitt or all other edu institutions.
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, can we send you some info??
Let him who is without 35mm preservation negatives, cast the first stone
Last two months have felt great..proud to look back with no regrets.
Fyi :) RT : Don’t travel far for food. Visit FoodTruck! 1-3p Courtyard Marriott / 4-8p Google Lot
Twitter's so not cool anymore..
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out likely never happened and that we were nothing.
Joslyn, you're outfit is amazing! :D
Don’t miss the opportunity to: learn How to Improve Health and Stability
However, the season rating cannot be too specific as toleration of cold varies from person to person
it's so interesting, isn't it? I played Colson's secretary in #AllthePresidentsMen! 1st film.
People that bite their nails <<<
I think my pool is open now I better go and check it out before kids pee in it
Now thinking combo pizza will never be the same.
Crap my sleeping schedule is so messed up.... I'm so awake right now.
It's unconscionable that 45,000 people in the US die every year because they can't afford care.
thanks. I'll make sure I get you a book. In LA now until Thursday night.
yep! we moved in last week and it's amazing!!!
With the 1st pick in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft, the Montreal Impact select F Andrew Wenger, Duke U.
YES!! I woke up to a urine-free bed! Just 2 more tasks to complete today and this weekend will be a total success.
Just want to thank for enriching my life with your service. Love it!
your not strong without a king in its place. You (women) are our (man) responsibility...
Great ride with yesterday. Thx 4 waiting for me! I really did run all away across the plaza. Ride w these guys, they're great!
Between what I suspect is a fresh pile of dog shit on the lawn and the wind factor, I'm rethinking this front porch office thing.
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color(s)?PLEASE REPLY!!! :)
I like not working the city...black people never tip
Great snooki and j-wow coming to jersey city -____-
at the bar just put David Bowie by phish on the jukebox straight because your my brother
Sad that a Jane Eyre clip is the most of Michael fassbender we can hope for
thanks for following me! I can't wait to move to Denver!
Absolutely, Dutch is fine. Cataloging librarians should not be limited by language.
I just KNEW that McLouth play was going to come back and bite the Bucs in the ass.
So excited to have Kristi Dunlap on board! Already seeing great changes ahead.
What would life be like without chocolate? I can't bear the thought.
They just mentioned One Direction on Today Tonight on their story about Australian iTunes rip-offs!
Birthday shout out to !! Have a great day. You deserve it.
I'm interested in reading a post about your creation process for a lettering project. Fav tools/equipment used, inspiration...
Everytime I see a trailer/news for the Hunger Games movie I get intense chills & goosebumps..EVERYTIME. I'm so excited omg.
I barely tweeted today and I got 14 new followers :)))))
Bike update: 1st coat of paint is drying as I type. Gonna do the 2nd coat tonight right before bed, then all I'll have to do is clear coat!
Flight 2 lady told me all about her husbands golf something or other in Holland and her kids and and and.... You're lucky.
Great post. That part about the research yourself and how to change google results could be another post.
I heart cady groves. "murder" is prob. my fave song by her. and.... bullying is for the weak.
because i knew you, i have been changed for good. 💋💛
NP. Thanks for pointing out the typo. Embarrasing, but fixed now. Could you use our complimentary annual subscription?
Thanks to the attendees of last night's #MSMP event at MillerCoors! We'll see you on Nov. 17 at the Bradley Center.
The struggles I'm facing, the chances I'm taking. Sometimes might knock me down, but no I'm not breaking.
thanks David omg! What happened to all our teams in Worlds? Wow! Just Finished watching. US, Can, & Swed. Meatballs.:(
I am fine, Thanks, How are you? Long time no call, no see. What's new?
this isn't good :( its not even 1
Cold. “: at IS8 (queens,ny) & old school dude asked.."At LSU was Chris Jackson that good or were we watching an illusion?”
you sure?
Man on phone at airport, "I NEED some barstools."
well spoken
rli when? what day?
Lol about to play. catchphrase!
RT : RT #volunteertrends volunteers want lots of manageable assignments, but they want them one at a time
omg , heartattack . my volume was on max !
hey hey buddy claude~ good morning and have a great day <3
John Carter of Mars... Surprisingly amazing! Hope to see some sequels
My house is the most hectic place anyone could ever be. I wish I had some other place to go when i needed to be alone and think
my sister's screech if I even come in the room. Even wild birds have targeted me before lol I try and steer clear when possible.
Thanks love! :)
The One That Got Away...
last evening before graduation, babysitting Professor Luciana's lil daughter Isabella... and drinking a double-cupped coffee, of course
Here is the link where you can sign up for my #Acting & #Modeling tips and receive your special bonus. Sorry about that!...
Nope. Not today.
Higuera continues to be uncharacteristically wild. Two more walks and Canseco drives home Javier and Phillips with a hit. Tied at 5.
Sometimes I miss living in flint
lol maybe....and ok
*roars laughing*
Locked out of the house
Leaving memphis going to new orleans
TODAY! Celebrate women in medicine at the Biomed Library at #UCLA today from 12-1PM. Light refreshments will be served!
Is it time yet? I'm craving a good midday blackout sesh
Am I a bad "pet parent" if I laugh when the cat tries to jump from the countertop onto the china hutch & misses?
wanting to be homeschooled so you can be like austin.
please RT our last tweet for applicants!!!
Working in my new project: secret.
$49 a month to take yoga, mat pilates & cardio classes. Over 100 classes offered each month! www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
#IUsedToLikeYouBut But I Realized Your Never Going To Change
dawned on me to how #yoga is like #mediation - gotta make yourself comfortable in uncomfortable situations.. hm.. gotcha thinkin?
yay my friend Melissa started there a few weeks ago, congrats!
- jasmine needs to stop swinging her Remy everywhere .
You get tickets?
What's more illegal, Kermit? Briefly inconveniencing Jack Black? Or Destroying the muppets??
Okay I can officially say it! There are three different engine manufacturers in the top 6!
The Revolution won't be televised. YouTube, maybe... Twitter definitely! But TV... No. Not now-a-days! ;–L
Survived 4 days in
Sun is shining here in Seattle.
What matters: health, love, and your mission in that order.
Kobe vs Westbrook is the key series. Russ will take Durant out of the game trying to out play Kobe. Lakers in 6.
To RNG- what's your favorite pitbull song
And we can't 4get the ladies who will be the 1st faces of the Bellargo Women's Collection!
I still believe in Baron Davis. I think he'll come up big when it counts if the Knicks can get to "when it counts".
We just had an
i need to find more friends that are beliebers :/ most of the people in my high school are haters. its so annoying.
looks like it might be a long night for the cowboys.
Just over nine minutes in and #Badgers only have one turnover against the #Orange, who specialize in steals
Got 2 free round trip airline tickets because they fucked up our flight outta Denver! FUCK YEAH! bring on the hipster festivals!!!
you kids get a room (;
Left me with a heavy heart..
“: shout out to the girls who suck dick every weekend but still make it to church every sunday” aka girls at my school.
“: One more spoon of cough syrup now, uhooh” thirsty.. Wednesday?
Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow drops +200 points!
I'll take that bet and a Chicago deep dish RT Mayor's bet on that? I would like In'n'Out Burger for the wager.
working on selling some stuff today. bookcases, entertainment center, cabinets, wine rack, etc. posting on craigslist like mad!
Heat tureens are hereafter sucking in popularity- tureens
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing. Magic Johnson
fsohio is not coming in in my area
Can you tell me how the essays are? Please and thank youu!(:
I had a 630 meeting this morning. Yep long day!
If your following you shld tell ya followers to follow if they want TAP
If you need a SMILE...take one of ours!! Have a great day!
A word is dead When it is said, Some say. I say it just begins to live that day. - Emily Dickinson
Headed to The Horseshoe to perform today's Paper Machete. Starts @ 3 - come out - Its fun! Rated best comedy show of 2011 by Chicago Reader
Twandering - has that one been invented yet ? As in the 'obligatory twander'...Ha ! Almost sounds dutty ;-)
Wonders why so many of MKE skaters are basically frat boys on wheels. Grow up and act right for fuck sake!
Trying to get used to the MK14 in CoD: MW3, single shot... not bad though... 20-5 in my last team deathmatch with it...
ppl still think this is the wade of past gotta get over it in this moment he's the most inconsistent heat
#HowAreYouAThug but u look like a
hey, i am trying to join tiny chat but it is not letting me
“: "Pooping to Yanni." #unclegary #memories hahaha” omg he is my favorite person ever.
kool..I tweeted them all. Also Bollig.Ben Smith, Carter Hutton, & Asham. Lol...check & see later or tomorrow if they RT.
good got, finishing my degree this year, thinking of going to boston for a matters in nutrition communication
congratulations Chad!
then WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WRITE THAT SHIT !!!!!!!!!! Hahahahahaha just kidding
And the wealth shall inherit the earth.
In a statement, Zuckerberg reminds critics, "Looks, I spend $1B on start-ups the same way most people buy socks."
I love listening to Lex and Charlotte's battle over and over. I also love to listen to Pip and Erin Willett a lot.
Whats the over/under on how many times LLCool J will lick his lips.
whoa what?! what the?! We talk all the time on skype! AND a friendship is a two way street! U never call me!!!
Awkward moment when you get out of the shower & there's people over... O.o
Ora's Paul Gomes to present "Allergic Conjunctivitis Models: Past, Present and Future" @ the Allergy Drug Discovery & Development Conference
I saw you on earlier talkimg about google drive... Great Job!
Young the Giant (can't wait until July!), M83, Florence + the Machine, and Two Door Cinema Club are some
The theme of this years warped tour = screeming. Where did all the pop punk bands go?
should start studying for my economics test ...
..."and the Oscar goes to... N. Koreans for violently crying for the cameras while motherfucking Kim Jong Douchebag in their minds".
Use the comments section of the survey to suggest another map option that you prefer.
Brands: #Pinterest has an easier way to report copyright infringement now. Use it & most importantly, be aware of it.
After 5 long months we take possession of the new studio today! Very excited...
Follow ...... Big things Coming Soon!
Dr. Wendy Walsh tells that weak people use guns to massage their sense of fear. #falsepower #watchCNN now
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz anyone got plans today tell me
prostitution was her choice. If she can't handle it then she should pick better profession like idk contributing to society
Haha people on here really buy followers its called get the fuck out the house and meet people buy followers fuck that
why thanks, much appreciated... I dont need another autographed copy of M and D. Its all yours :)
This week is going by kind of fast
sorry for assuming, but yes I was talking about it. Haha I think every kid had a obsession with it. I still like it. Im lame ik.
Take life with a grain of salt, a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila :)
How do you guys feel about frequent contests? Chances to win boxes of contacts, valuable coupons, and even #cash? :)
Actually I'm not really using twitter anymore :S
A Very Du Brut Christmas tonight at 8. Come down to Canal Club and stay warm!
Tomorrow's h.Bytes at Google DC HQ is officially sold out. Looking forward to a great visit!
I have a freshman formal coming up and I'm so gonna have them play #IFeelLikeDancin'! :) Everyones gonna love it!
I'm done with The Talk. I tried to watch today but Im sorry to say w/o you and Leah the show sucked. I'll stick 2 the View
Ladies, if you want to meet someone, visit & check into a sports bar. Odds are in your favor, high spike in users today watching football
oh, congrats on your poster! I have one, too. We should meet in person at #mlanet12. :)
“: Wanna go for a run? How about an easy 10. Miles, not minutes. #runchat #runnerds #running #runner” sounds great!!
YES! RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
: Milania say sorry to her". : "I have gum in my mouth " dying ! I love that kid !
listening to old demo songs, and thinking they easily are as awesome as what actually got recorded. lets make more music...
11:11 I wish doesn't move but still succeeds in his signing<3
I arrived to a home-cooked meal just now! Such a lovely surprise. :) Thankful for being provided for.
YA I COULD
Anyone else watching football?
that is funny! the 2 go so well together, seems there are many similarities between weather and the ground. (and us "talkers")
An act of service is an act of love and trust. Its also an act of responsibility and of courage a stand for the integrity of human life.
AMAZING JOB TONIGHT AT TEEN HOOT YOUR AMAZING I LOVE YOU
it was my cousin's and it broke :(
<3 you know that girl, Ally Balkey? Shes cute.(:
whatever you say .
What happens when museums become event driven rather than exhibition driven?
I'm going domestic lady cook later
Just downloaded Gimp, and it was really easy to do what I needed to do!
Very cool shot! Happy Holidays :)
we didn't get Spanish hw right ?
My girl is beautiful, she takes care of me crazy good, I'm keeping this one
Lights please lights please .
I am on there now! Finally!
FDA Plans to Cut Antibiotics in Food Animals
Haha true that! Too bad I can't see emojis tho :/
Just wanted to welcome Amber, the latest Member of the Moiko Records Artists Network. Thanks for Joining Amber
“ School bound”
": You're doing well tonight nerd fights at once and " damn I can't see the other one
So apparently, my doctor thinks I may have mono?!
I think it gives new meaning to awesomely bad. But OMG are the drawings hilarious. Especially the guy with the sperm laser beam
SURPRISE!!! "'Avengers 2' Is Officially Happening: Disney Announces Sequel Is In Development" #huffpost Cha-ching!
i've said it before and i'll say it again- i believe you're psychic - thank you for all your support Jeedo!!!!!!
thats funny, i just always thought my butt was shaped like a water bottle
Lol RT If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get? Missile Toe Ar ar ar
Cleveland Renaissance - we believe!
we must get pumpkin spice lattes when I get back to Nash!
then I'll pick you up and carry you on my shoulders right back where you belong .... Above everyone else
Glad you liked the story. I'm from West Bloomfield. I went to State my wife went to U-M. Good to see you last night.
ok, if you ever want to come down let me know. We workout at 1230 most days.
Dark Almonds #NastyAF <<<<<
Going to have to do a taste test challenge of who's coffee is better now! vs
I'm Mexican and I've had enough of him too. Should've been an all-time great for us. Bad outweighs good for me.
GoodNight/Morning twerps *muAhh
Lol ": I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later."
I support Obama's views on marriage equality. Way before he did. I just don't understand y govt is involved in it to begin with.
yea good job dude. I had a nice 3 under.
lmao. Remember the setting drill? XD
Amazing win !!! Respect to the Bruins for pushing it to 7.....actually, F BOSTON! Yall win a title every few years.
Time goes by so fast :)
My Twitter doin that dumb shit again...ent let me tweet dammit..
yeah no doubt. I think he's p solid, but some tweeps were comparing him to Obama and I got scared.
My nerves just got supa bad.. My hand n arm a weak, n my stomach is turnin flips.
What an INCREDIBLE week teaching Leadership Skills w/ AMAZING women! Great to see but wish I'd seen here more!
Whats up man? What's your friends twitter handle? I'm going to connect him with my friend to do a collab.
Why am I here?
LOl .. You always crack me up .. Hope you are having a fun night in LA like i am in Orlando .. hehehe :)
How old were you when you wrote your first song?
you do look super Asian with the bangs...
This is going to be a great series. But I AM NOT any kind of fan of either team. Got it?
You want it put your name on it.... Cake, cake, cake, cake...
First official day of my half-marathon training plan!!! Cross your fingers for me!
Rise and shine! #NACUA conf. in San Fran kicks off today with New Lawyer Workshop this morning and Gen Counsel Roundtables this afternoon.
Time to circle the wagons Saints fans!
Totally remembered all of the words to
Timeline going live on my Facebook is the only unlucky thing that happened to me today. WAY TO RUIN MY GREAT DAY, TIMELINE.
Melvin is sharing how seeing the camp made him realize how cruel people could be, and how we can never let it happen again.
Last night's #SundayJazzLounge was GREAT! crushed it! (like I knew she would); SJL Sunday 4/3, still only $5
Was that the first time you flew?
4 hours of sleep...think I'll be a bit of a grouch for a bit today...smh
Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome.
Love & life is such a beautiful thing. Especially when they go together. 💜
Coverage of #scprimary this afternoon Radio at 4pm after polls close. #prairiehomecompanion will start at 6pm.
Fingers crossed they don't fuck up and change the TNA title at this week's tapings. I want Bobby Roode to break the record.
idk I guess not but whatev:(
Ling on SM:We have this burning desire 2 b liked. It's exacerbated & perpetuated all these insecurities I had when I was younger.
What To Do ? Ugh I Need To Go To Target Today -____-
nothing like fatty milk when the girls are away. I like a half and half - whole milk blend.
Why don't you come & take a sip with me?
hope all the soldiers come home safe and thank your for serving out country!!
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes, but most of all, I've loved
You Never Ask Me To Take A Picture Widd You "/ Lol
thanks :-) Follow team
Follow me neighbor. Pwease
tweet of the year!!
This Happy Hump Day is brought to you by Wednesday, who wishes to remind you that in two days it'll be Friday. Thank you!
Happy thanksgiving!! Ate way to much!
Smile when in pain, smile when troubles pour like rain and smile when someone hurt ur feelings. Cause smiling always starts the healing.
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Chilean wines are great - keep it coming!
eat your heart out.
Remem it's an open house from 5-8pm tonight so no res required. Just stop in for drink & taste amazing balsamics & oo from around the world!
hey hey buddy caroline~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a fab day and take care <3
Agreed. They always have all the Mississippi releases Mississipi sells out of. Fairly priced, etc. East Side Deli rules, too.
Nice Guys Don't Get No Play ! Hot Heads Get The Time Of Day !
Making up nicknames for people you don't know but see all the time. Like the taco lady:D
It's still hopping here! Come on down!
Hope everyone has some fun and get home safe tonight Baby!
flopping is not allowed in the #nba go to San Antonio if you want you want to be a real
Malzahn used to be the OC @ UofA but left for Tulsa b/c of tensions between him and the athletic department don't think he wants that again
I love lamp. I LOVE LAMP.
This guy with a stache singing at Silverlake Lounge looks like your uncle.
#bookaday ZAPATO POWER FREDDIE RAMOS ZOOMS TO THE RESCUE by Jacqueline Jules Like this series.
tomorrow is gonna be GREAT < 3 cant wait bitchhs!(:
It's about time !
Overheard at the pool: "Did you hear? Per Se got a B." "Good!"
all of those things sound awesome! We have free House Of Blues tix if u wanna come out. Show is Sept. 5th.
There's nothing better then my caramel brûlée and a cigarette in the morning 😊
Writing is what you do when you are ready and acting is what you do when someone else is ready. -- Steve Martin
I really DISLIKE foul bitches!.
so you're having fun then?
Spoonbread Festival in Berea, KY starts tomorrow. Visit Stamp To Cope booth 113
Final Congrats to KS for best picture! And apologies for posting Christian Bales win 2 min before it was announced! Thanks Twitter!
We're thinking of starting a kickstarter for season 3. What would you guys like us to give you as incentives?
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone!!!! I hope she has the bestest day ever!!(: <3
Looking for a chill lounge with great drink prices? Come into ...4949... (Santa Fe Station) in Las Vegas.
Off to GITCO meeting....
When Amc invites me to watch their godfather marathon, thats an offer I can't refuse
there album is off the charts!! I luv them uncle Simon waz so right to put them together!!
Agree, wish we played SD or PIT every game RT Matt Kemp... best player in baseball right now? I have to say yes.
Why in the morning...? See Matt 6:33 = Seek ye first the kingdom of God, & his righteousness; & all these things shall be added unto you.
definitely a blessing g, hopefully I land one after graduating this coming spring
NICK BABY OMG
'There are worse bands than Nickelback... maybe.' - The Black Keys (it's an Ohio vs. Canada rock n roll showdown)
lololzz made my day.nighhhtty night
#MajorProps to the it was great meeting you all this week at #projectlove we were inspired by your amazing project : )
Can't wait for some playoff action! #Blueandyellow!!
Marriage is pretty gay, but gay marriage is some pretty serious shit.
My theory is that these are not really live birds but little computers designed to make us feel special. hehehe
Going to Alfonso's in La Jolla for birthday margaritas!
I have extra you can use I'll bring it
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to reading your tweets!
“: did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?”. 📢📢📢This is UNCOOL!!!📢📢📢
In a fit of unbridled enthusiasm, Trevor and Dan shaved their heads on Friday night. Does anyone think Spencer and Danny should follow suit?
awesome. what university?
There is audio up of actual shit sounds being texted. "Shats R Us" is the the Featured Bit: www.freekshowradio.com
Started Advanced Seminar readings. 2012 Advanced Seminar is going to be outstanding.
Congrats to our good friend Leesa and her husband on the birth of their baby boy Wyatt. We can't wait to meet the little guy! :)
Bout to HEAD TO MR. SMITHS DT SF< roll thru downstairs Ill hook you up!!!
yea too bad I missed THAT was quite the mess..
iDont Want It! iNeed It And It Would Complete My Life!!
I've had it for a few months now. I like it. i just wish more people used it.
Talking about opportunities...open your mind to the possibilities!!!
It seems as if Mitt Romney had a very clear and strong message last night. Is he ready for the fight of his life?
at least it's the right color!
"The HERO in the American Tradition is the man who stands up to the mob...not the mob" - Author on NPR this morning.
Would you recommend reading 50 Shades of Gray? You two are brains I trust. haha ;)
Hurling something across the room is probably not the best way to win an argument... but it can be immensely cathartic.
I will have the archive up later for the unfortunate ones who missed this awesome chat.
Do tell...
i know but he had more swag than quannah he had a little blowout with cargos, long socks and vans with an I LOVE HATERS shirt
Who does your labels? They are always great.
haha, agreed! Happy day off!
I doubt it lol. I just thought it'll be funny to add somebody with my last name.
!!! RT : I hate Vick so much in madden
You're amazing and beautiful and gorgeous and flawless. Nobody can compare to you. I love when you smile.
You are welcome america ": (OH at #shk12) a new drink: the "hamlet," a gimlet that doesn't quite know what it is"
hahahaha completely understandable
Hey erin!! RT: Hello hangover!
really grateful for the #lodlam presentation in the #megadata session. Great overview of how LOD and RDF works.
I can't find it online yet, but if I do I will share!
just reading an artical and it said a group of girls told niall he shouldnt be in One direction! Like wht the hell RT if u love niall.I do
mamas boy i love that song justin
Looking for new business? We've passed over $125k this year - not including Q3. Take part, shoot me a message -
A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another. If these minds love one another, the home will be as beautiful as garden
It's been two years since Dr. Height passed, but her influence continues.
Well i have an android.. but i say iphone :P
Too long a day at work.......ready to leave
So did Santa get you your favorite team gift?
Keep it up, it's a great book, no matter what "they" say.
you use nothing in your hair? or something else? hows that going?!
Perfect day. Perfect weather. (:
Thanks for the follow &
NICE ;D I might be there. & I was suppose to keep my mouth shut doe. :c sowwwy.
According to spox Ben Meyers, around 85 arrests during #MayDay protests in NYC
please help me understand why you are "worried" that people want to play poker online
I think they're next to each other on most phones and computers. Aren't they? #qwerty hope your day is going well!
Moth Radio Hour: melding my passions- radio, stories, museums. AAM headed in right direction if storytellers are keynote speakers!
yea so much dancing epic jumps and flips and wowwing extremlly dangerous actions
Can we fast forward to the weekend please !
Great night with friends and now a movie :)
A Fool and his money can throw one heck of a party.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once...
We've added some more good old Pop Punk to the September 28th show! Check out No Good News with Patent Pending and Set it Off at The Hall!
HOLY SHIT. so i'm just chillin here at my computer...and then i look out my window, & there's like...this fuckin...flock of turkeys 0.o LOL
Every time you come around, You put a lightning bolt on my face ❤ 3 MONTHS! :D
I never thought so either but so many people say it does lol. Kinda weird ;P
"I'm still memorized by Ian" I AGREE WITH YOU LIL MAMA
#WeirdFactAboutMe I can't touch velvet, I get goosebumps and taste blood in my mouth. Then I spaz out and do this weird scream thing.
woot woot! now we have to teach you how to start uploading pictures & videos.
natural rivals
Catch The Decliners tonight at Kelly's Olympian downtown. 10 p.m.
Think Like Teachers? Some never were, so it's a stretch! Never walked a mile in the moccasins
Can't wait until spring break!! Florida here I come :)
What's your training been like this past week? Are you happy with your progress?
It was good to hearing from yesterday, definitely wanna wish him good luck with everything he's doin!
Welcome to Twitter One of Dimitri's family members attends the b-school. We have sampled the olive oil. Good stuff!
nigga you the villain in every situation
Almost done with a preliminary trailer! If 50 people like this status update I'll post it. :-)
So, someone in the Biden mold, just not as stupid? RT For VP, Romney is looking for "incredibly boring white guy."
The red head ?": Josh be real life thuuurstin for me."
Instead of a bag, it would be more appropriate if Funyuns came packaged in an old pair of dirty white sweat pants with blood spots on them.
My cheddarz so soft my cheese is on top. I probably melt it all diz cheez iz so bomb.
it will be a feat if USC pulls Ty Isaac out of ND, OSU, or Michigan's grasp.
BET Awards this year.... Maybe 😜
HR Operations Coordinator – Weehawken - 6 months contract immediate start excellent $ As an HR Operations Coordinator in the …
why do you think I'm friends with you ...?? It's cuz you look 12 lol!
": A FREAK gets Freaky with ONE person. But a HOE gets FREAKY with Multiple people -_-" I know a few hoes...lmao
Someone remind fatlock its preseason.": Todd Haley/Scott Egoli put a $2 team on the field. Someone remind him it's..."
I ate a QT taquito the other day and thought of you. Ha ha!
we can do this...
on the plus side, this could mean an early exit for mike b. and maybe the front office will actually do work next season!
Nothing is impossible!
hey Sarah can you follow Me and my personal account?(: please!!?
making India Eisley beautiful for "Underworld Awakening" premiere tonight
Dance going down at 4th annual JUICE hip hop fest at John Anson Ford specially Japanese group!
Almost like the year the ice rink was under the floor at freedom hall.
u know I am
RT Students' accomplishments are *the* best reward for this career choice. // well said!
In St. Louis for the night wish I could stay longer...... At least I get to skate tonight!
Check out. Colored Paper- its a party. Support good music, the movement is
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
hi Mr Wilson! maybe you and super new could put something together....you guys should chat.
2.5 miles post twisted ankle hiatus.
Would your Friday morning become a little better knowing that is catering the Press Box tonight?
Yay! My B-Day is a month from now :)
The soccer and climbing shoes will be tough because of performance related issues.
#MustSeeMcGee RT : WOW!! Andre Miller with a beautiful half court alley oop to JaVale McGee
Crossing my fingers that I'll be happy not spending extra dough on an SSD drive. I can always add one later. Did get a 7200 RPM HDD.
Seriously, back off bucko? What's next, telling me to "sit on it"? You are an anti-american racist piece of trash.
Where's the light?
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 30% off any #detail! We're #MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
Happy Birthday Kevin Bacon
Opensolaris 2009 06 getting better all the time - Car Decoration ...
Badgers win this next game segment and I think they'll win. They have to go to the high post to do it tho. 3 parade ending soon
you're dumb.
Medeco is pleased to announce the launch of its newest installment in the #SmartDeadboltSolutions, the
We've probably seen each other at this or that screening but didn't know it.
Let's do this! See you in 15 in room m100i downstairs.
i love you :)
Keep an eye out for Book Girl & Cabinet Girl (and more) by Jane Wu..
sharing this in our Guidance Counselor Network Meeting this am! Thanks!
Best. Idea. Ever. RT : Or BTO (Brewers Time Off)
nawll I just finished tht paper....did u have to take the exam for human sexuality
S/O to my new followers >>>
Always lovely meeting with the crew!
I feel like homework should be illegal on your birthday
I guess I have holla at me if u have a girl or I just want sex across my forehead...like wth thats NOT me at ALL!
Treat others the way YOU want to be treated.
I play guitar and write music for the other instruments. Do you play music at all?
Worst night of my life: in college, a friend and I decided to drink a bottle of Manischevitz "ironically."
thank you! I have been dying to hear you talk about the book and your presentaion was great.
Really? Deron Williams scored 57 points in a game and made a conference finals. Huge upgrade.
Are you a divorced parent and your kids think you & your ex hate each? Read what I did you try to amend this for my daughter
#DEDICATEDTO BROKE ASS WOMEN AT BARS..TAKE UR THIRSTY ASS TO THE STORE BUY SOME SMART WATER DUMB BITCH
For everyone forget that the heat were 6-0 against this team so far this season...it is hard to go 7-0 against one team in a season..
when I'm on instagram I have to look on twitter and click your links to get to the pic..silly Alice
If anyone just has the notion to bring food to the library, and a simultaneous notion to give it to me, I wouldn't be angry.
Yes I did buy a bucket of grilled chicken from #KFC for myself because I deserve it after those finals!
Le French have a New President
Today's pet peeves: 1) The bootleggers downtown who tried to sell me "advanced copies" of SAFE HOUSE and THE VOW. 2) Disney's lazy (albeit …
Getting ready to fly to DC for
ha! fun for Sam. But then I played until 12:30 a.m. this morning! So glad we could hang after the panel!
checking in from #atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions
Internet service down. Life now incomplete. Won't be fix until Fri evening, repair guy better be cute for making live without Internet
Only you would pick up on that subtlety! In CONCACAF...10 goals are possible!
The thing about May in Springfield is that each week gets more intense...so next week, will undoubtedly be a fun one for labor.
.food #vegan great and people nice such !grown theyve much how see to awesome so .lunch at square union at be gonna is snail cinnamon the
I just hate the fact that it's suppose to rain all day today here in Chicago. What a way to spoil #NationalTrainDay! :(
I just wanna be free! from EVERYTHING
I wanna see The Avengers..
give thanks for the follow!
That's really quite lovely!
gabe's titys can beat yours I bet lmao
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 2
Don't miss the #jhudc discussion @ 3 about onsite/online experiments at the Newseum
Die young and save yourself.
I did think it was more than a little odd that you had turned into a spammer!
I thought you were pretty, then I got to know you..
I think it'll be an adventure! We shall see...
Whoever Maxwell sings to every night is a lucky individual. OMG.
Do I need to come to Brighton Oaks and Bateswood Manor?
tryna hit the car auction up Feb 7th n 21st???
mile zone the lease of apartments search into codes Of zip on The lease of apartments shows villas house garrets stud :-)
i wish...tell ma i said waddown
- HR Engagement Coordinator sounds interesting. Could we talk offline?
Already? Say it ain't so!
Assembly Democrats introduce a package of bills aimed at strengthening tenant protections.
Congrats on the Dunn-Martel Award !!!
"If given the choice between Righteousness and Peace, I choose Righteousness." ~ Theodore Roosevelt
You know you're pathetic when you get a thrill out of hacking Sungard Banner SSB.
it's why I'm not on here as much as I used to be lol
I wish I had a full tank of gas..
It takes 37 muscles to frown and 22 muscles to smile... Show off those pearly whites! www.kravitzdental.com
- i did. trying to figure out what exactly you were referencing in the tweet you mentioned me in
HERE, YOU FOCUS, SO I CAN SEE YOUR FACES. THE EYES ARE WRONG
Hard to believe anything would beat the wedding speech from Ep.2! RT : Tonight's #LifesTooShort is my favourite ep.
Ford can flat play just needs the ball : Ford with a 23 yard run. Running really hard so far
the quick brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Hey everybody!
Thanks for re-Tweeting the message!
Life is trying things to see if they work
thanks man and yeah I'm doing 100 and 4x100 for the running part
I #heardaboutit but wasn't worried about it.
Hoping everyone is safe in the path of #irene :(
girls showing cleavage. that's cool but wonder where's boundary between classiness and vulgarity.
You and me both. But I can't take anymore. Gotta-change-the-channel! I'm overloading on tacky, predictableness
That's the point. They won't know about the sacrifice. Sometimes it's better for them that way.
Good morning fellow NMicans! IIt's beautiful & sunny outside but boy...what a COLD night & morning! Me no likey to wake up to frigid air!
I'm enjoying Neil Postman's book Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business (1985)
's discussion regarding Mullan in Seattle made the mistake of assuming Sounders fans are rational people.
Going to do our office in this stuff so we can kid-proof our school! So neat!!
Tomorrow #boyfriend to be specific
Player of the Year talk! RT : ur boy blew up Sunday.
Time for me to stop being so nice..it's getting me no where
Just packed up my Salvador Dali print of two blindfolded dental hygienists trying to make a circle on an Etch A Sketch.
Delighted to see that _The American Literature Scholar in the Digital Age_ is out!
Here is the person to talk to about ticket prices. Brent Thiessen:
the best QB to ever touch a football. Totally awesome.
I can't believe I picked the right horse. I didn't put money on it, but still. Simply on the name: I'll Have Another
MT staffer, Jeff Knight on front page of NY Times! #wiunion So proud!
Merry Christmas
whoop! drops free 'macadelic mixtape' thanks for the heads up !!!
My brother is the new era Steve McQueen.
Thats what they're saying.. doubt it because management said it would be a good idea to stay single because on cyberbullying
Readying for some Cher UK songs back in KC, MO...can't wait to be back in the triple 1!
depends on what you want? good mexican at matamoros out in brooklyn. burgers out at 67 burger. breakfast at char all BK
God help us... RT : #Virgos are attracted to funny, charming intellectual people.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will. Vince Lombardi
Yes and yes!
Steve Strauss USA-TODAY-SKLZ Rapid Fire "This product is as simple as it is ingenious. The best basketball practice product in the country!"
Home from the gym gonna eat than relax for a little than training!
I swear kanye west version of I Dont Like was Garbage especially the remake of the beat I fuck witcha fam
Here's to six more years-- We're lucky to have you! RT : Today marks my six year anniversary at :-)
Milwaukee Fire Dispatch can finally talk to Suburban & Airport Fire on the county radio system. But don't think MFD mobiles can yet.
Don't take things handed to you by strangers in airports! :-)
Does Anyone Feel Like Giving Me 1,000,000 $ So I Can Get All New Clothes.?(:♥
Peggy: Now, the Second Office Wife.
RT : Hopefully Roc Nation hired new people in the building.
i aint even mad bro im laughing at your squares that say GIF ### hahahahahahahah
Today, we talked about how to fund our show. suggested blackmail. said no. Email us if you want to help us out!
thanks for the S/O! Pretty impressive group to be added in there with!!
Robert Louis Stephenson~ Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
Nothing beats good guacamole
Georg Viktor + Pesmerga? Front line heavy :). I usually use two of them + then Riou as the third frontliner
amen! Couldn't be more relevant today!
Elem. school: eww! you kissed him.. Midd. school: C'mon, kiss! kiss! kiss! High school: Seriously guys, stop making out and go get a room!
No...Your reply to that should be "I hope not"
Well, work in the morning.. got to get some sleep. My weekend is over. Busy week ahead.
follow this girl she's sexy !
Hey did you know there is a 5% cash back bonus at restaurants when you use your Discover Card!?
Going with Keyshawn and the seahawks....Don't trust Cutler!
Best summer of our lives ahead
Lmao! Yea ok...He waiting for his invite from the #AARPCeltics RT : D. Fisher looks like he's in his zone..... #Beware lol
Have a safe and creative holiday break!
follow back? please. ❤
morning austin((:
really, at this stage, no reason not to tag Flynn, is there? Fancy getting the Browns #22, 118.
Clare Coleman: Title X does not cover 100% of cost of health care. Providers scramble to pay remaining costs for low-income patients.
The sad thing is that the Cirque Du Soleil thing may actually be amazing but jaded assholes like me have already deemed it stupid.
Fact: I heart you! Had so much fun hanging out yesterday. A must repeat soon :)
The Orioles traded Don Baylor and two others to the Oakland A's for Reggie Jackson and two others on April 2, 1976.
IMA PUNCH YOU IN YAH FACE :)
love that name.
the woman behind me at the grocery store today had over 20 cans of fancy feast. that was all.
of course i do but i dont want to take a chance on making my wife uncomfortable
Whoa, missing Wendy Chun's talk at #c21nonhuman after being reminded by Nishant Shah to read _Programmed Visions_. Wish I could hear it!
Straight up awesome!
Even? I've always found local news PARTICULARLY depressing.
smmmmh, my eyes fine !!!!
Hotter than tabasco
It is the best single way that I am aware of to save money on airfare
Big #Knicks win over #76ers. 5 game winning streak!
Feeling good this morning. Thank you LORD
bestfriend dancing on the camera <<<
You are welcome.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. - Victor Borge
Medical sales rep of the future = information concierge. Jill Gilmont @ Medtronic
thanks for the follow up
with rice and beans, plantains and a fresh Cobb salad
Get out of my head..
Helped mom with some errands, and found that someone tossed out some library books.. what to do. Books are in pretty bad condition.
You don't know what you're alive for until you know what you would die for.
Well I'm glad I put a smile on your face you make me smile too
Ahh cant wait till your new album #believe , #muchlove , #makeachange (:
Choppy Bob - coming up!
you still supposed to be on my side. fuck a Switzerland nigga.
I know you killed it
THIS SATURDAY=Tru Artiz's= "GOING AWAY BASH {U.S. ARMY}"=also Roxy's Bday Bash= EVERYONE FREE til 11 *hosted by: BOSS CHICK* @ DEJAVU
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...We buy the Bar
Pretty sure I have every episode of Drake & Josh recorded....... #AnyoneElse ?
Keep on doin' what you do, easy rider.
Sarah Burton Wins ‘Designer Of The Year’ at British Fashion Awards 2011 Alexander McQueen successor, Sarah Burton, has two dresses in
Investing in a new mini follow focus, matte box, and glidetrack for my Canon 5d Mark II. Wish I had more money...
Then you realise that the idea is stronger than the machine because the idea not only creates the machine but makes the machine
I feel for Kara when she is home alone.
His mom thinks I'm really pretty and wonders why guys aren't chasing after me.
I don't know that sounds like a fun guessing game to me.
haha yes she was comedy. it was good seeing you.
The wine is fine.
me too, I would LOVE a long sleeve dark jersey. Why so few?
Thanks for the re-tweet!
Take 2. I believe "there is nothing wrong with a pre-show cocktail." Not Pre School.
Made some album art choices today. Did I mention we're releasing music next month? An EP... Free with admission to the Dec. 11th show.
you can do it! start off with a small one :p
Spending this beautiful day not in class but on the golf course with
lol noo no . He just going around tellin people he single .
Sounds like the bridge at mile 10 is fixed. RT : Thanks for rebuilding the bridge today on Wildwood
#beachboys tribute was amazing and don't even get me started about #adele. love. can't wait for jennifer hudson to sing whitney!
want to test that theory ?
Wait a minute, you LIKE Captain Beefheart and you don't like Small Faces, very, very confusing to me.
LOL. #bossypants RT : you are UNavailable for traffic school on Friday.
NFL lockout is getting out of control.
Man fuck you , you're just going to throw it all away like that! I can't believe you!
“: Man I love those show posters! Who does those for you?” thnx so much! I usually do most of them actually.
Come down and watch the NCAA Championship with us! Enjoy half price bottles wine & draft beer!
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
How do you get tickets for this? and What kind of event is it?
Thank you for the RT. Much appreciation!
I'm grateful for J singing 'Walkin Down The Line' by Bob Dylan upstairs. Even though I'm pretty sure I'm the heavy-headed gal. ;)
Im ur number one fan yes!!!!!! i wish that somedaY i can meet u hopefully u can follow me plz
hmm I can't find u... Lol jk I see u
I wanna go back to our first conversation.
You never know! I get it! I put two books in my purse just to go to a kid's violin lesson where I'm NOT supposed to read!
S/O 2 THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
: yes! Penis shaped food sculptures are sure to get u that raise you've been hoping for!
That's possible... Both those guys are his friends... I'm just glad he didn't bolt out
Check out our new website at www.essentialdata.com
[+] I'd like to a see a citizen's IT review/advisory board as part of the new administration, regardless of who wins.
RT : sometimes when you are the closest to your breakthrough the pressure is the greatest. you have come too far to give up now!
is this Max?
Im not particularly religious, but one of the greatest things about religion is that it makes you look up
yea I'm good bro.. I was try a link up wit n pharris about the demo we was talking bout in the summer
hi what are u sloots doing?
Chipped up a little. 14k after first break.
been there...
I see what u did there
almost seems like they are trying to make an opening to eventually call up Vlad..
Acting like were sleeping so even benge wont come talk to us.
where are you moving to?
Curse of the introvert? I have the same problem. I'm plenty confident in myself, until I have to tell other people.
To anyone that ihave ever encountered..Thanks
nice! What school are you at?
Chuck D: Music echoes the voice of the community.
Craving a burger gonna shake it over to Shake Shack. Yup
Very upset about the passing of Adam Yauch. The Beastie Boys music was a big part of my life growing up. RIP MCA
If you speak about it,, you should be about it not just preach about it all day.!!!
Watching the history of us on the history channel. It's a marathon.
Driveway moment w/ Charles Lewis on
On the boat headed to another platform. Beautiful day on the ocean. Got home for 1 hr today, almost got a nap between jobs
I'm good. Recovering from Toy Fair. :) How are you?
I love everyone simply b/c they are human, but I really don't like a lot of people. I ignore most phone calls and turn down most outings...
Happy Mothers Days to all the deceased parents. My heart goes out to those ones who parents are no longer here. R.I.P
YW and TY for your posts - and have a great weekend too - what's left of it....
#whenpeoplesay Metro instead of Subway in NY I Chuckle and say, no we're in my city now!
Order sent to Emily in NJ!
uk my phone doesn't like me lol hahaha and ur were making a toby duck face!
this bullying situation has become a serious epidemic
As article says, emphasis is very much on education. I recall we tried a domestic abuse case my year.
Now follow -
Certainly not... lol ": I doubt it! RT : Probably more than me! "
So have you ever dreamed of your boyfriend cheating and then wake up mad at him?
Going to B&N and not leaving til half this paper is done.
What to do at the host stand when you're waiting for customers to arrive: give yourself temporary tattoos.
relativity: Why the house feels freezing at 68 degrees in the winter and yet boiling at 68 degrees in the summer.
lol. Yup! Going on about 6 hours for me now. What about you?
right on homeboy
Congrats to and who both were given the secret #CovertTU password! See you both tonight!
Cool, is member #7,900 in the LinkedIn group! Don't worry, he is connected to tech, thanks to his Software Cluster initiative
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon
Oh yeah... what state do u live n??
Yes, Nature, we are very impressed. Now maybe let up just a little...?
“Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
. Itd be looking like a hoe if all you showed were your boobs! Not to just show us the bathing suit.
Is there a rule that defines what a "High Res" image is? What size constitutes High Res?
What a great way to start my twentieth birthday. A toast of 100 year old Grand Marnier in a brandy snifter. #whatnow?
yay! Can't wait for #m83 to get on stage
Thats so sweet. johnna is the best!
All of a sudden, the web seems a little bit emptier.
Pay day tomorrow! A good time to try out Vitality! With a 30 day 100% $ back guarantee you can't go wrong! Let me know if you're ready!
me too. Ready for the big game? Go CATs
got room for two for lunch?
- Welcome! LUV the GOV! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I should spite her somehow...
Wow! I will go there post-haste.
: lol I knew you was stunning anyways!
Good Friday to all! Grace & Peace be yours always, but especially today.
I know! and it will be awesome if movie coupons jump out at the same time :)
YRs-it brings back memories.
okay no neck
Did anyone see 's face after that touchdown?
Just got a job woohoo :]
Wonder if SCOTUS will remember they hve lifetime apps & th only effect Obamas statement will hve is 2 galvanize their opinion
RT ... I'll be opening for the boys! Love em! And can't wait! #NOJUSTICE!!!
love you more momma jomma! Let's have a tv date tonight.
Make today an extraordinary day - then repeat tomorrow.
I have no regrets in my life only bad memories..
I praise jeebus that i wasnt a teenager when social websites were up and running, its a tad soul destroying!
Sitting by the window. Leaves fall and flowers bloom. The seasons come and go. Could there be a better life? Zen Poem
How would you use the contents of the StoryCorps archive (40,000+ recordings) if you had full access?
<~ Website Design, Development and Branding for individuals and #smallbiz looking for a High-End Custom Experience!
We'll be giving away gift bags at ladies' night tonight ! It should be a ton of fun!
Are u really a dork if u sit in front of the bus with the old people?1
I followed you :) xox
Today, Cass Tech JROTC will present new American flag in #Detroit City Council chambers during 3pm Military & Veterans' Affairs Taskforce.
Good Morning!
Dang toothache is keeping me up!!! Anyone have any suggestions on what to do for it???
I am always down for midnight showings!!! :)
Today, Feb. 16th is Allgood Spirit Night from 5-8. Come out and show your support for Allgood!
as much as we hate the word official... "officially" signed on for some #websteez and video work...
I'm on my way after dinner to.
I need a nap... But its too late for one now
it's you
If my heart was dying would you save me At least hold my hand If our love was leaving would you could you understand you were always down
I'm back
Haha no the game is godlike. The sleeping schedule out of whack sucks :(.
Can't Wait For Another Live Chat With Ari <3
Lets go Rangers!
unfortunately I set it back 3 years so it gathered everything. Inclduing the time when I was 19 lol
happy 4/20 everyone! GET NICE!
Everyday is a Photo Shoot
Marvin's Room: Mom REMIX - "F**k those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buyin them u better ask ur dad. Im jus sayin u can wear sketchers"
i think the word alive is one of my new favorites.
Listening to Eurythmics-"Here Comes the Rain Again"
I want Jerry to enter my chamber of secrets. The code is 'Tom' <<< LMAO THIS
Congrats!!! Well deserved.
could it be the one dude who was already here when I arrived early this AM?
Turn To You Made Me Cry :')
A friend is a present you give yourself
awesome thanks!
stop tweeting we hate u
Got evacuated from school today for a 5.8 earthquake, best 2nd day of school ever!
haha already on it. You & better come get drunk for my bday this weekend !
Finally making the switch from Internet Explorer to Chrome. Apparently, I've been living under a rock the past ten years.
First Ramma Lamma show w/ our new drummer is tomorrow at Linneman's w/ Mind Spiders and Phylums.
'Black' and 'White'.
U'R WELCOME...GIVE US A S/O NOW AND AGAIN...THANKS 4 WUT U DO...T/F/S...
Happy mothers day to all moms out there! <3 have a GREAT dayy(: -Brooke
Starving but the Rogers guy is here fixing the cable
I've got lots of good Liszt stuff. Sometimes my 19th c. survey ends up being "History According to Liszt."
Down Park about to do the 3 mile walk for the American Heart Association
Please tell me we're getting the Luther Vandross 'One Shining Moment' version tonight.
I wouldn't sell you out like that, nope I wouldn't do so. I have respect for you like a lot.
Thoroughly freaked out a number of grown men today. Blame it on the al-al-alcohol.
About to go to school then practice for baseball today is cut day
thanks for reminding us...thanks for inspiring us!
Idk why she is going on a cruise with the guy she just met at my store... Plus he's married ! Oh lawd.
Looking to hire licensed #estheticians & #stylists for a new spa/salon/retail space in Hermosa Beach area, if there is interest, let me know
Just heard that is going to be in chicago @ the harold washington cultural center on some day.I might go Real close to my house
We all make avoidable mistakes. Here is a tool to help fix them!
trying to brainstorm things for my next video called "i love people." this is so hard omfg
Madness is back and on tour. Ska revival! Anyone remember the Ska Festival at the Greek Theater in Berkeley in 1990?
Had such a blessed Palm Sunday. This is a holy week, honor the Lord and praise Jesus.
I love that feeling of hitting "send" on a good email. Fingers crossed I hear good news back from them! :)
yeah, re: Newt Gingrich attacked Counter protest still happening though, as Kapanke will be there.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
The concert ROCKED!! RT : #FollowFriday The Cast of "Marley Africa Road Trip":
Discipline is remembering what you want.
Okay, Card's David Freese just jacked a two-run dinger... #Brewers now down 5-2. Yo's already thrown 47 pitches.
Soon! RT : when/where is John performing next? The streets is talkin and I think I need it in my life??
Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save $25. Deadline Friday, Feb 11th.
can't wait to see you!!!
Grilled Chicken Skewers
Ok, so leg waxing- not that bad & if it actually lasts a month- worth it! :)
Going to Ireland, Oslo and Spain in the 6 weeks holiday
Just watched the night shuttle launch...badass
BETTER ;D
Seriously for 2 seconds, the media suck--NYPD going mad and no coverage
How about someone from presales and solutions?
It was a great event! RT : Working Bowls for Hope was so much fun! Can't wait for it again, next year. :)
Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures.
this week only-give me 5 vehicles for an oil change and get one free. we come to your for a change
Oh.. Nice day!
#NamesBetterThanIvyBlue Ivy Red
10 tips to beat the ticks
- yeah, much; couldn't get worse; hope you're well; doin DocumentCloud yet?
Working on my fall syllabus for Electronic Discovery at New York Law School....
Make sure you follow back we are onto something big..stay tuned!!
Judge judy is such a powerful jewish women I love her
In that case you shoulda picked up a copy of Moore's Utopia.
The way we see the problem is the problem. Stephen Covey
hell ya those r moments ah!
#CubsOpeningDay finally here!!
Good morning !
We LOVE #WineWednesday! Not only do we have $10 off any bottle of wine, but we also have flamenco guitar from 6:30-9:00PM
Burn off those Turkey dinner calories by shaking it all night Saturdays! The fun starts at 9pm!
up top!!! High Five (smack)
Tonight! Come and see all of the hard work of local artists and friends- don't miss it!
No school, getting braces off later. But can't do shit untill then
Playing this Saturday - a Supper Club with wonderful listening room in downtown LA – Tickets $15 – 8:30pm – 1 set only
If you were selling your #home, would you hire based on a drawing? #banks are doing this to sell some #foreclosures!
Answer: Buffalo. Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo, buffalo Buffalo buffalo. Correction: it's eight times.
This love is so bi polar and unhealthy
Hockey madness and off-season training has begun
Yeah Right...
curious what you run into, I play in a few different communities online.
again..influence on culture...yes...influence on music...no comparison to B&M
Uh foul!
it weird how my Jersey number is 23 n my Three Favorite players that play the same position as me got the same number :-D
you too Melanie. You can text me at 871-7326
Sending a hello to the readers in Indonesia...:)
ur super amazing and super talented :D
Couples Night!
Amen my sister!!! I can't really stand negative people!! Preach it girl!!!
Service was unspeakable from start- end & the overflow was Amazing thank U Jesus!!! Just a bite size: You are more valuable than you think!
Food Fact of the Day:March 19, 1936 Canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales.
Please please please respond! Cutaway idea- Christina Agulira undressing and she turns out to be like 300 pounds.
Wow. Gold star to whoever took the time to develop the "Boss Mode" content for the March Madness video player.
lol :D you can make it when you have your iPod
Im still in shock..
Get your chili tickets today in HBH Foyer!
Go ! Keep us posted. Would love to see pics...
haha :) that is amazing! was that your first time meeting them? -abbie
Haha you wouldn't say lmao ;) It was all over twitter gurl, calm your tits haha ;D & you're welcome! xo
No pants party of one wbu
hi. I love you and miss you. come visit me :)
My Sinatra,
dont worry about it....
there are going to be hilarious memes about Jason Russel's "public meltdown"
Chillin with my big bro for the day
what now
I'm finally going to Golden this week I'm sure our circles will sometime cross. Have to see Trinity again cause of your rant
lol things are getting confusing and AAAKKKWWWWAARRRDDD
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
going get a 12 inch weave in my head...dont support sixteen inch.
Tonights prsnts & ! LADIES OPEN BAR 10:30-midnight & FREE entry for all on the list!!
where are you going to college?
Why be the SAME when you can be different? That's why AS never makes more than one of a piece. Originality is key!!
they gonna learn today, you are awesome
American Red Cross Haiti Relief Send a $10 Donation by Texting ‘Haiti’ to 90999 You can make a donation by calling 1-800-REDCROSS
RT : Crain’s Chicago editor to write column beginning in 2012: Joseph B. Cahill, editor of Crain’s Chicago Business s......
well u seem so nice on twitter I just assumed. see what I mean?
you get out at 1:39 everyday?
Slightly raining, making the hour drive to visit my parents & Perfect minus the bear weather.
I don't hate Lebron, but facts are facts. I think Lebron had his best year ever this year.
What a great day with the family. I just have to workout extra hard now with all the food I eat.
i need Lauren back. :(
& others stay the same
I'm finally catching up on #CallTheMidwife on #BBCiPlayer, sound is out of sync though.
A wise neuter joins with neither, but uses both as his honest interest leads him.
Thank you. :)
what u doing this weekend?
Thanks! I'm just tired of TP justifying his bad behavior. It riles me up! Lol
wtf?! whose car is that?!
“Excellence can be obtained if you: ...care more than others think is wise; ...risk more than others think is safe; ...dream more than other
I'm waiting for the call
So apparently I folo 2 judges from the exact same Whoopie Pie eating contest. Time to diversify?
How the FUCK is Dirty Work not trending ?!
Enjoyed the Hunger Games. Didn't love it. It worked well enough though. The emotional parts were effective and the action was intense.
Motion to move the Westside Subway environmental documents to the full board passes. See you next Thursday.
I need non cheesy ideas for my bridal shower. Get out of here with all this pink and cutesy stuff. I want GLAM
is wondering, When is it going to be my turn to drive the Karma Bus? I have a couple stops I'd like to make!
that was my girlfriend
Sometimes in life, you end up falling for the person you thought you never would have feelings for
that's great! Sometimes there's a silent msg so pay attention to details not everyone knows how to express their feelings
got it
Who wants DRAKE tickets? ----> does...Good Luck!!
#peopleiveseenlive red hot chili peppers baby!
Night with my Daughter & Husband in Cleveland Ohio. Awesome time.
distance really does make the heart grow fonder...finally seeing my man tonight. could not be more excited!
awesome thank you...
she jus want attention
our house is basically a constant cat/dog social experiment.
Being single is not a bad thing.
unsatisfied with a sandwich..comp'd the more expensive item then took 50% off then offered dessert..wasn't enough
You sound like a Ravens guy lol.Think about it in the last 20 yrs we have to been 4 super bowls and won two of them.
Just saw the dazzling Tara Donovan show at MCASD downtown, be sure to see it before it closes Feb 28. Wonderfully innovative artist!
My boy when is #homecoming for Joey?
OK. "Kimili flash embed" plugin may work. For ease, I'd stick w/utube. Even if u have to upload 2 utube ur self.
Congratulations! Looking forward to hearing more at the Business of API event in London later this month.
I must say that 21 Jump Street had me laughing like crazy.
you don't tweet me! & I don't like that. Haha (:
Idgaf Bout Yall Buddy Thats What Yo Dumb Ignorant Stupid Ass Fell To Relize Your Not My Nigga I Got My Own NIGGA To Be Thinking Bout BOO!
via : "There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors."
Probably can't be overstated.
David Akers is automatic
i am on the computer like crazy!!!!!!!! :P
I know, right?! I just found and liked yours yesterday when I was trying to put mine together! (blush)
Oh, Coffee.....you're my jam
Excited for tomorrow
Contemplating life in the Shakespere Gdn and Belvedere Castle in Central Pk. One of my favorite places in NYC. It always brings me peace.
PLEASSEE FOLLOW ME? I voted for you guys all last night!!<3
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife♥63
Busy, busy, busy! - hope you all are well and keeping up with whatever you have going on.
Ugh too crabby for a Friday! But I know dinner with will cheer me up!
AMEN! We ARE geniuses. Did you see that Jay Leno mentioned us this past Friday in his monologue?!?
Do you think all of Nicki Minaj's success in the music industry comes from the fact that she suffers from PopSickle-cell anemia?
Only #FF of the week to the manspiring guys
can't remember when #pinkmartini will be live on #KEXP, but I sure wanna hear it!
I'm gonna cry happy tears.
The connections in this movie. The repetition of the word "Knowing", the use of the number 9 and that his characters names all start with G.
Does anyone have any articles/experience with converting card catalog records to electronic searchable format? Thanks.
I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore, I am perfect.
I'm traveling to Seattle over labor Day Weekend for
Good Morning Beautiful People: Rise and Grind and Happy First Day of Spring.
If you've gotten tired of hearing from teenage athletes while looking for Physical Forms, here we are.
Every time I use a public restroom, in my head I sing "I've got a meeting in the ladies room. I'll be back real soon."
i dont even like her n barely see her so ya... dont ever yell at my kid like tht. me n my mouth tho.
Help me spread the word about [client] –an effort dedicated to giving you a voice in your #healthcare. Please RT!
Im not dressed to impress, im just along for the ride.
Did y'all notice where Blake Griffin was during that Clipper win?
Ain't no feelin like being free!
Snooki was supposed to be on the show with us this morning, but they "can't find her".
Republicans ask for responsible spending in DC as they dismiss closing loopholes for powerful interests
Join us today at 11am for Senior Tea as Philip Easter, a Baltimore man with an incredible photographic, memory recounts his travel memories!
Thanks to Twitter, I never ever have to wonder what is watching on tv
don't scare ne
oh i used too live in spring . .
not everyone, I'm stuck at home!
Just got in the house, now watching #DWTS !!!
When you're starting a business, you need to become an expert on your industry, products and services!
RT : Now speaking Go sharon! #bwhds #blogwell <-yes, indeed!
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
I just wasted a whole hour of my life and a gallon of gas.
Yay! Are you interning with ?
i just ordered the youg money ad
Damn I know I dnt got it all up there but what I'm scared for is Me going crazy on bitches and waking up in jail not knowing what happen!!!!
If it's not one thing, it's your brother.
And yes, I realize I sound like an illiterate person in that last tweet
At this rate the #royalwedding will become its own chat topic on !
San Diego High Life
You know we seem to agree on these sorts of things :-)
Damn everyone if someone got me sick!
Unbelievable!!! Where are the votes???
Another 20 hour day in the Byte Mines ... specialty Drupal module in the testing phase!
Made homemade pizza, now watching
I know! We missed you too! There will be other times. :))
is my dance inpiration! I love you so much! thank you for auditioning to be on #SIU <3 idk where I would be without you! <333
Went to the springs with today and we saw this guy that looked a lot like too bad it wasn't really him</3
Steel Brandy
Keep in mind, I'm a designer so I'm super critical lol. I also know that this is still a huge improvement from the old site.
yo man follow back
It took a while for you to find me but I was hiding in the lime tree
Thanks for answering my questions. I like a lot of the same songs too.
Oh. Good luck with it!
Our final S event of 2010 tomorrow! Starts at 7pm at All Asia, Cambridge. $6 cover, event will be live streamed
Got 2 free comics for my little pumpkin at THE COMIC DEN in Kew Gardens, Queens. Thanks, Janet!
I love drawing!!!<3
Notice Liars have 2 or 3 stories like a big house!!!!
FB Bradie Ewing () is the fifth #Badgers players off the board, going to the Atlanta Falcons in the 5th round, 157th overall.
My *absolute* pleasure! I should be thanking you for giving me a wonderful book to work with =D
late ...again
you make every girl have a bigg smile on their face<3 youre truly an inspiration, ihope ur havingg a lot of fun in C.A. ;D
All this rain -_-. Beach is not lookn good
Hi All We are offering for a limited time only a showcase listing on Libizcard.com for an amazing $49.00. for the year. Offer expires soon..
Running on no hours of sleep. Haven't slept goml
Like star light crashing through the ruins.
i miss yew!!!
Word it's a white whip right
Do you believe in karma?
i like it. Clever!
I need to pop xanax before I watch the OT in this game.
today church was amazing we celebrated our beautiful moms and it was just simply awesome :)
"Finding girls at this school who don't annoy me is rarer than Based God."
Devra said she sent them!! Mine was like 3 pages :(
wow, that must have taken a long time to make. How the heck are you going to eat/finish it?
Fuck i guess I cant give up now, plus giving up is for twacks...
We couldn't have said it better!! ": Miami's starters are getting outplayed by Chicago's bench."
#wordsthatmakepeoplegonutts........"And the results are in" lol
how old do you think most of your fans are??
