Only ten minutes until At The Drive In!
.: what is it like being at Presidential bill signing? I can only imagine it must be quite an experience.
Man, Shit, I can hardly do this shit here at times, fuck having a whole multi-account motherfucking, bullshit thang going on there.
Want to get even with banks? Here's your chance. Close your account with whichever Big Bad Banks you're with and go to a credit union or...
In the kinda situation where
Chillin wit mason
SO excited!
yeah, dont do that..
Rael, I see what you did there.
Looking for reliable, competent building contractors in the #Spokane area. Any recommendations?
U know getting on of the to follow u is really tuff but when u go through who there following all these other girls appear but u
in re: preprints: it burns!
It was great, love you more 😉
come to Edmonds
Please bring back the lovely muffins and possibly granola/organic yogurt
Late present from Santa bowling green ky, the worsties, kat smo and heavy sole coming ur way! Umm ya
Amazing! Yours?
aiight i will
Gary Strand, quoting an old boss: "I love standards because there are so many to choose from."
1 WEEK until we debut the #popboompow video! You're gonna love it!:) Thanks again to all of the new followers, we pretty much love you!!!
don't need any luck , I'm single so that's why I can mingle !
For those who still care about SL, on to talk about Spingarn-Koff's SL documentary this hour.
Got 2 pages of my paper done... Gotta write 5 more tomorrow before class Dx lol
Tired ugh
Freelancing is the best way if you get bored easily...
Also, if a job that is being done for you goes south, Angie's provides a forum for evening up the score a bit.
I know I always say it but I love Cali weather
:o what time is it? my day was ok, it was good cuz there was new skydragon stuff but now i'm a little sad ;_;
listening to throwing shade with my BFF on a road trip and laughing are way from San Fran to Seattle
um minus the heads up display ...
Here we go again... Drama, Drama, Drama! I must have forgot to hit unfollow!!
CURSE YOU INEXORABLE MARCH OF TIME
"Tic Tac Dough" meets "Napoleon Dynamite" in this weeks Custom and Micro Beds! Check it out now!
It's lunchtime. Wouldn't a tasty warm authentic panini with top quality meats and cheeses hit the spot? Come on in for 1 or 5 ;-)
I wouldve done anything and everything for you.. But its too late now.
Absolutely loving this beautiful day!
haha. Saw that. Was wondering if that was a random act of kindness from a visitor.
Come on crew, please help me out by following and helping spread the word about #autism #charity #longboarding Please RT
BREWER WAS HACKED
Q3: Reflecting is great for a blog post or journal. Then get them to share.
"Is this meeting on land or at sea?"
Hopes at least one Republican presidential debate is held outdoors on a windy day.
Spending majority of my day reading unproduced screenplays. Ah relaxing. ( :
#MexicanTrashCans with and :)
A CPA deals with several types of payroll taxes, including FICA, unemployment taxes, and in Nevada, the Modified Business tax.
I'm pretty sure that's the profile feature they said is coming, isn't it?
good call Marc. Celtics may have lucked out before ST. Patty's day!
I got my balls stuck in the tip jar.
components vitiate. little improvements suggest themselves.
not this one but i can put you in my Austin one.
So the Browns are trying the "Let the Texans offense wear themselves out by scoring all willy nilly" game plan. Let's see how this plays out
#IDidntTextYouBack because you take too long to reply! Smh..
These cheap Target hoop earrings hurt my ears.
dont worry about the rumors its just jealously and others being protective of Demi. Hopefully this will blow over for you.
"This town can't teach it's kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge."- Bart
Get psyched for the #ia2011 MarketPlace Exhibit Hall tomorrow - all your favorite exhibitors are back with some new faces too. Go say hello!
2 depressants, 2 stimulants, zero sleep. Boarding plane. My body will be *very* confused.
MSG was rockin last night. LA could not stop the #Linsanity !!!!!
They heat in my room came back on
I just...miss you
#InstantTurnOn smells amazing
What do you think your mascot’s favorite candy is on Halloween?
i voted(: hope you win Sydny good luck (y) :)
Bye Canada. Bye friendly Toronto.
What makes ya think I would forget about ya
We're excited for tonight too!
No such thing as a stupid question, just stupid people that ask the question
most special tweet ever
looking forward to CLA tomorrow, it'll be my first conference and my HS english teacher is giving a talk!
Recognizing talent! Thanks Kristi! RT that's why they are my number 1...Most dawgs of all teams!
Are u at Game 2?
Time to crack that whip: resume running from two-week break, answer emails sooner, vıl bruke norsk oftere, ve Türkçe'im (?) çalışmam gerek.
Feeling utterly betrayed that I learned about the pubbing of ' new book on, of all places, Facebook.
Caramel apple spice, waiting for the bus in the cold, but feeling pretty lucky and greatful.. Considering
SO. COOL. Just won a contest for a free ART OF AMANDA CONNER book. Night = made.
hahahahaha you're funny. No.
similar problem in Nevada and Reno - people are afraid to rock the boat even for constructive criticsm and improvement
Big thanks to and for a great week! And of course big ups to everyone who came out to support local comedy!!
Rage win by forfeit on Friday and now have a 7-2 record on the season.
It sounds delicious!
wuz up Split??
Apr 29,1952: Churchill "As a Zionist since Balfour Declaration I have watched the courageous effort of Israel to establish her independence"
News To See: I have two dates confirmed for the New England tour in Aug. Portland, ME, and Burlington, VT! :)
amazing. Keep up the good work!
I will never leave you nor forsake you. Be strong and courageous� Joshua 1:5-6
I admit it...sometime last year I took a pen from It was an accident. Sorry !
Possible issue with #Levelup - places that seem to confuse it with Groupon (rest gave me a hard time about LevelUp bc I got a lunch special)
can you get kian to follow me? Pleasee i can post the voting thing onto my tumblr??
It's funny how we will JUMP n2 situations we KNOW won't last & cause our own hearts 2 SUFFER & just WATCH Love pass us by as it reaches out
hey how is it going?
My GPA is happy. I am happy.
I find it hard to get in the dreamy writing zone while working on a screenplay. Distracted by all the Fade ins and scene numbers. Anyone?
Met you and your beau last year in Vegas at the Midnight Comedy Jam in my theatre in Mandalay Bay, you were ill
Happy 80th birthday Mr Valentino ! DUDE THIS IS AWESOME YOU ARE AWESOME
IMMA MAKE U MY BITCH
Thank you my dear! Looks great! #Vegas is warm and fantastic! Looking forward to seeing you soon x
And I agree with the courts!
Cody can you please wish a happy birthday :) it would mean the world to her :)
Who got player of the year?
i think bill lives in chagrin falls too. also, pouy and i have moved on to FNL season 2. first season was great!
It is a beautiful day....hot but I love it!
I really need to get up & get ready for this Rangers game!!!
yeah I took the earliest time and probably have to drive the farthest. Stupid ha. But no stress!!! My suit is ready :D
Project Wardrobe Reboot complete. Four shirts, two pants, one black suit from H&M.
Crack The Fuck Up.
If you have a bald head learn to manicure your eyebrows.
Fantastic Leg and Ab Workout today with ! You Crushed it!!
Tenants of social work related to museums "know your self"
Ride a fixie to the club, get a free snickering.
3 classes gym library sleep...
MUCH LUV 2 VIP IT"S POP N 2NITE @ RAIN E40 N DA HOUSE & NWC WILL B THERE NODOUBT KEEP N IT REAL 4 VIP @ AZ WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Pa
Hi, Raul. It's nice to meet.
Maurice Sendak - epitome of an inspiring imagination. He showed us where the wild things are, and we thank you. You shall be missed...
My brother gets to meet the next #POTUS in Tioga, ND tmrw, I doubt Pres. #Obama even knows where ND is, let alone Tioga!!!
Ask yourself, do you really know what beef is?? And then ask yourself, do you really want beef?? lmao
lol how's it goin in there
Hoping Lee Evans can "catch-on" with another NFL team but so happy he wont be back next year for the
goodmorning baby.... love you with all my heart and soul....ur my world!!!!!!! the baby is fine!!!!
look at you LA - NY -LA -NY. I thought I traveled a lot. Lol. Be safe and have fun
This is the most amazing day I have ever experienced...
i was hacked! Must have been Lulzsec.
Shout to all my new followers I appreciate the followback.
The day I quit, thas the day I lose.
Hitting the road early early friday...get your ass to the magical kingdom if ya know what's good for you.
cut ur assistant salary! Make real changes
Don't know how to explain what I just did and I'm not sure how karma is going to feel about this.
my sister is looking. Where should I have her send her resume? :)
Ugh. You are so right. Meteor game.
I mean it doesn't look bad but I think no snake bites looks better! But that's just me ^.^
I love music! You know I'm originally from the heart of American music. You got a variety of music genres.
RT : The tipping point, critical mass...looks like we are about to reach it.
tweet me if you want a shoutout(:
that's retarded is what that is Lmfao =P
Patriots or Giants...who you got?
'Hide Little Girl'
Has a new life goal, to buy a horse at Keeneland.
OH OH! RT : Jamo girls tonight : $3 micros, $5 Stoke & cokes and a DJ.
Packaging and shipping your orders here at the warehouse this morning :)
I'm good, I actually really like school
It's pretty damn ridiculous that a bunch of adults act like fucking children. Okay, end rant.
So I just turned this OKC V LAL game back on..Why didn't anyone tell me this game was that bad?!
The NY Times announced that three cosmologists have been awarded the Nobel Prize. I didn’t know they gave the award for doing good make-up.
Okay. How about them hamsters?
4. who are richly dressed, where are the humble kid... okey this are just a belieber opinion :D
Watching jersey shore!(:
Great job #Axman way to pull them Cubbies down!
yea museum of science boston im there let's go
Yo poker on Saturday at Gary's $10 buy-in. Interested?
What does Capone's vault and Geraldo Rivera's head have in common? They're both empty.
West is a modern day Little Richard with no class or clot. He is a little lost in the attic.
True. Point taken.
me neither. But a press conference is weird
If moderates it, I will definitely #debate you.
Good Sunday Morning....Writing..writing....writing
At some random karaoke bar Blue Frog Bar and Grill having drinks.
If I had a star for everytime you made me smile, I'd have a whole nights sky in the palm of my hands. ;-)
As I texted to Dad last night... Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball!!!!! (Give or take a Baseball.)
Not a lot of panels on gaming culture at #csa12 this year...except for mine..."Youth Cultures," "Gamification of Neo-racism"
***RT2WIN CONTEST*** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
at the beautiful River Walk in San Antonio
I've been on medicine for 2 days now & I'm still unbelievablely hot :/
Mariachi voter fraud will soon be a thing of the past.
so guitar, metal and screamo!?!
I don't hold grudges
there goes my hero
send the karma to South Philly!
damn i feel bad for d.rose
Your inner critic has done enough today. Give her the afternoon off.
interested in a substantial policy discussion about Race to the Top
#RightOn #RonPaul Awesome answer on a loaded question!
Thanks! To you and all your friends, too! Wags from
Photo shoots then Acoustic gig rehearsal today with yay!!!!
“: are giving it to me right now at Love it!” we love Dustin!!!!!
I will pass my work to you as I rush home.
I love my baby I miss her
I can not wait till Newt win and see the look on Pillosi's face...
passing only the areas where you agree is irresponsible. stop the politics, #doyourjob, & pass the bill as a whole.
I'm dawdling... surfing the world wide web... and scheming...muhahaha....
Listening to Our Best Practices Are Killing Us w/ Nicole Sullivan (), co-author of Even Faster Websites
The girl who plays Lisbeth in the Swedish version is sexier than the one in the english one...
Does your garage or basement need a clutter master to take charge? Call BCI to the rescue. We have just what the doctor ordered.
just about to go to sleep. Then says TWITTER PARTY!(:
I hope you're left handed.
thanks! You too!!
I'm about to text you
The new VW Passat looks like a Kia...
Thanks for the mention!
Catching up on #TheBachelor. #BachelorBen, you're kind of a pig. I want to like you, but I question your choices.
Neck of The Woods may be their most simplistic journey yet, but it's beautiful. Joy of an album.
will you be coming to Milwaukee by chance??? If so, I must see you!
First blue door pub experience. Verdict: Very. Very. Good! And I didn't even have to pay! Thanks
He makes me feel...special..i used 2 be bullied and i realized ya no..greysons loves me and so does god:) <3
LOL! That is just frightening.
Finally got the state ring
These lists would be highly subjective, but I love this idea!
This is only blue Monday if you are blue
#Chargers will end the #Raiders playoffs hopes. Raiders had many chances. #Broncos will win the division and a playoff berth.
Yeah I do =) I'll send u the link when I get home =) Talk to you tomorrow!! =) x
We are looking at ny dates right now any suggestions for venues?
Totally creeped out by faux-communion scene as the animals approach to receive their jelly beans in Babe: Pig in the City.
they need to hear me and you sing journey, we would deff win American idol.
Extremely ill.Pretty much bedridden.I need some positive vibes up in this camp. All haters and pooh-pooh-ers will be deleted with the quick.
Would you recomend this as healthy and low carb as say chicken breast or turkey?Reply
when is your birthday :)
In so jealous of the girl that went to prom with
you do good work. sometimes too good.
That will keep you out of trouble!!! Or maybe, not.
Loved the movie "Metropolis". Seeing it with friends and a cup a tea would have been even better!
Thank you for the mention, Viv! Hope you are well.
lol u might get lucky
It's crab time....
one alize a day
You've been hacked.,
This week's goal is to send out 10 resumes per day. I know something good is upon me, staying POSITIVE!!
reminds me to make a list of the reasons leaning on lists is dumb
Yemen pipeline 'targeted' after airstrike
I do not have to watch the because I know that Adele is going to clean house
I posted that Kovulchuk pointing at Sid video because I never forgot it and I've hated Kovulchuk since then.
Okay, if there are any uber-geeks in the audience, you'll appreciate this. We're currently exploring direct deposits to venue bank accounts…
man I just think it looks like crap with the garbage at the bottom. i guess that's the price one pays for google huh
lmfaooo, not if you drink Low-Carb Monster ;) it only has 10 calories, holllaaaa
Free shuttle from to the ST. Patrick`s Day parade this Saturday 03/10/2012. 1st bus leaves at 11:15 am.
At conception we are a zygote no brain no internal organs u go back to school
Cute i think u would look really good in jordans
You want your cultural practice to be #tolerated? Make sure it includes consuming loads of alcohol.
uughh rehab tonight
agreed, not as intense
are you using this as part of an Internet Safety or Digital Footprint unit?
good I'm happy you did
MetroWest Daily News: "50 years after John Glenn's flight NASA's lost it's luster" - /headasplode
I'm in trouble.
I haven't had a threesome in a long time, and that ain't right.
way too much lipstick, a comb & concealer “: What #beauty products do you ALWAYS keep in your handbag?”
Time to enjoy a shrimp cocktail! Yummy!
Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday Coach Maxine, Happy Birthday To Me!!!
Nor does Gov. Brown mention pension reform, privatizing prisons, school vouchers (cuts cost) or other reforms. Just 'mo money.'
Thank you New York for the vote. Good way to celebrate my own 45th wedding anniversary.
Welcome to city gear we have new parish nation and bornfly. Mens demon levi's shorts for 34.99 and more.
Santorum: "I'm against putting one group against another". Unless of course they're homosexual
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes! You need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere!
I usually don't post my photos, but this one in my prev. tweets is one of my faves.....
One week from Thursday! Route 66 at Union Street Live. See you there!
TFT Launches TOMORROW live in Vegas!
Pilot audition tomorrow!
I really love twitter!
I think PETA just asked me if I was a kale addict.
Fuck all this traffic.
man i love being able to just jump on my bike and ride......went to salem for dinner with my bro and cousin...just because....
Yeah , Yeah , Yeah . Whatever Nigga .
my hatred for Dwayne Wade grows with each day. tired of him crying about everything and now he's yellin at his coach cuz they both suck. smh
They always save the best for last. AAO Council rehashing the same old thing.
I know, I know. It reads like a soothsayer's prophesy.
I agree. Lots of upside in this year's haul so far. Unfortunately it's not an "instant gratification" sort of draft.
I'll try and keep those ideas in mind. Thanks for the help!
Waited in line to meet you but your manager has AIDS. No worries. I hope to meet you next time.
i'm gone miss our lil laughs and yo leg move at parties lol
Looking forward to you and Biz Dev Today session today!
First cig of the day >
this website is just what we been looking for!
60's and beautiful this weekend. Who has plans and where?
Heat Wave?? My Computer is doing just fine. I don't know about all of you.
times like this I wish I was at Tahquitz 😔
We all found out a little more than we should of with the #Wikileaks scandal at
hahaha that's how I am! lol My baby brother came into my room saying "bieber" and "baby" lol
I am actually scared of going into hot topic and I don't know why
So bummed, my Bravo channel was out!!!!!!! Thank God for the internet......LOL
Sure hope everyone's having an awesome Winter Break!
I've been getting a lot of questions about #timemanagement from leaders I work with. What is your BEST time management tip?
Hey thanks for following me!
BBC World News America Twitter is now - stay tuned for breaking news and features from our team of journalists working in the US
CANNOT wait to see you! What shall I pack, BTW. I am def. bringing a book and my iPad.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -Williams James
OH: My phone hasn't been working properly since I threw up on it!
Going to the movies
Britney Spears 'Was Smart' At Blackjack, Palms Owner Recalls
Super 8 was a really good movie(:
Ebadi: we can be muslims and respect human rights. The feminist movement is the strongest movement in Middle East
Imma change for the better I promise that
Prof. Jeanine Turner will be talking on Communications Theories in the Car Barn 311.. great preparation for new CCTers!
Dude! RT : If you can take the heat, get out of your kitchen & into for hot wings (emphasis on hot).
RT : they rescued me from a nail last - no charge <-- awesome
Tribe, can you help him out? RT : Coaches--Anyone using the Read & React offensive system? If so, thoughts?
The sign for our building just arrived and is being installed. Pictures to follow...
N da street it ain't no help
That's funny all these Super Moon pictures look like regular pictures of the moon. Thanks Instagram.
Sun stay out and chill with me, please .
Wanna go to South Beach for the summer
I'm just going to tell people I can't read.
ALERT! Edreformers coming to your district soon. Keep a stack of bubble sheets handy to quickly distribute.
Bidding on a home without getting prequalified is a common mistake that homebuyers often make.
Not in the mood <<
Eduardo, Chalo, & Jerm texting me to tell me that they're blowing it up -_- : GROSS! Lmao.
I will, well Marika will actually lol :)
Gonna blame my THOR confusion on the occasional napping.
well at Steelers6 have a past.
Hola hey Bounjor. how's your day ???
I feel like even when I lived there I drove gay...hm
Last day of work in richmond over... So sad.
Office time. Where the magic happens. LET'S DO THIS!
Oh Google has flowers growing for Earth Day.
Congratulations to Manchester City for winning the Premier League Title!
which pro sports league handcuffs their athletes more when it comes to social media?
Oops. Meant to say we're talking to of Orangebloods.com right now. Listen live at espnaustin.com.
car wreck, 2 broken ribs, bruised back muscle, fluid in my lungs, rock n' roll baby!
: People only rain on your parade, because they're jealous of you sun & tired of their shade.
Does the democratic party have any standards when it comes to war anymore? Or is it all about outdoing the Repubs these days?
NOW ITS TIME TO SHOW ALL THESE OTHER DJS HOW TO REALLY DO A MIXTAPE!! MY MIXTAPE WILL BE RELEASED ON OCT 20TH! "REVELATION" GET READY!
- will do.
Grateful to & for providing their devotionals free on I am blessed each day by their generosity.
Am totally interested in joining the scientific expedition to Sweden.
I have the best mother in the world because she is beautiful and is making pizza at 3 a.m.
The only safe growth industries left are medical cannabis and tattoo removal.
I bet Stone Creek would hire you!
Cape May Zoo Today, for a Field Trip! What are we 5 years old?! I'm in 7th grade. #lmao This is gonna be a fun day.(:
Nothing like a little sunny sunday brunch! Walk on over!
Bless dat me n my family c another day
Hydrating with a venti + 5 hour in an attempt to muster some energy for tonights big event.
probably Joseph Reichelt
If you like the Hunger Games series, try Ilsa J. Bick's Ashes. One caveat: it's another trilogy, & only the first book is out.
talking to a new client in the energy management space about the product management project we are doing for them
If only I spelled it right..lol.. Bike night starts at tonight. anyone going?
haha it is getting to the point that I'd like to get a Getting Out of Boston badge.
is obviously gaining huge momentum in 2012. Are you starting to think about how to leverage it for inbound marketing?
RT : Thx #buffalobilliards and for a fun branding panel this afternoon!
is intent upon getting in touch with ART from Everclear... Anybody have the hooks?????????
ugghhh i thought i wuz the only one with that problem. .-.
Whoa - just learned that had an embassy in Second Life #cdp21. When will they open one in the Metaverse?
I know, right?
It's official folk - Season 4 launches WEDNESDAY!!!!
okay, i will try.
oh okay I see.
Tambourine ministry! Yes,
Smh . All i gotta say
oh yeah. agreed.
I hate when he wanna take detours and sh.t I'm hungry wanna get home,
Girl: I'm ugly. Guy: You spelled beautiful wrong ♥
I don't know! When I moved here I didn't realize it was cold here too. I grew up in Houston, its warm there all the time
I just got the best news! Im so happy time to get serious again
AH now you've gone and made me super duper jealous...
I'm been thinking of killing my self what's wrong with me ugh I'm crying
So, if this DOES happen, wanna follow me now so in the future I can be like "see him on MTV? Yeah well hes following me!"(:
"Did you just say 'if you're 10 hit me up'?" .. "you know I like 'em young" oh my god...
i will <3 ya
#CNNDebate #TweetThePress I just got an offer to mortgage the moon for 0% down.
omg, I was like dying
Siting in my dark room listening to the clock go, tick tock tick tock...
so tempted to be that person and come buy you a drink for being awesome and an inspiration!
I enjoyed The Middle tonight. The show sort of reminds me of The Wonder Years.
got into UofL!
It's out now. Came out last month.
Headed to #ATL ! So tired! Glad I can get some sleep on the way there.
im ready for next year ;)
uh huh uh huh Josh deFINE. and his brother. omg.
Just loaded a blackberry twitter app. So far looks good. Just like using twitter on the web.
stressful week
Durant & Harden go hard in the mofucking paint
clearly she "borrowed" that from you!
just wanna say im extremely happy with my evoshield that came in today.
Justin is perfect!!!!<3
RT ": Don't forget to fist pump and say woo woo woo!"
WOW Matt, no snowflakes here...its almost 60 degrees! Loving it! Stay warm!!!
Ready to board a plane for a fast and fun weekend with fam and cherished friends!
Last day of early bird registration...we will definitely need that wine at 10pm tomorrow...ha!
Q6 this was a big gap at my public library, most of our homeschooler outreach was one-on-one, would have liked to see programs
The SOURCE Theatre is finally on Twitter.
I've heard this version... Little weird.
#barnard2012 RT : Barnard prez: "Just days ago, you affirmed your belief that the right to marriage belongs to us all."
I am so grateful that I started my career on the technical side of vulnerability research. But most security pros hurt my brain now.
They prolly do go out fr
i miss my best friend :\
All white maybach, Green Bay they pack
Great Working Tips! (This Applies to Everyone) You Should Always Check your Spam Box Frequently.
What about 24?
Looked to me like after Ramos dropped it, Hairston tried (unsuccessfully) to swat it so Ramos couldn't retrieve it.
Hot Chelle Rae-Tonight,Tonight:))i would luv to dance on the edge of the hollywood:))dope song:))
thanks for a interesting and inspiring
for the #ff! Hope you have a great weekend too :D
Today's BTU inspiration: "Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want." ~Geoffrey F. Abert
just got tickets locked up for 2012!! so excited for camping in the dirty south this summer. Recreational Vehicle rental is next!
Seeing the boys play with little kids is probably one of the most attractive things ever :)
So, I have to cover a St. Patrick's Day parade in the rain. How many cliches will take to exact revenge on my editor?
6:00 pm... I guess i should finally get my day going
whAt happened
Are the videos supposed to be password protected? How can I check them out?
Our gang is forward to hearing you speak!
If ever battled a ninja #Boxcar would win I love them cuz they push my updates to me plus protect me from ninja's I love
yeah, so I'm going to have to get off of here in a minute so my gospel tracks can get my undivided...but 1st, just wanna break down Psalm 23
Best part about student blog: They are MSU's DESCENDANT COMMUNITY. They are engaged in research, public outreach of own culture.
Huge game this morning at 11est for NIKE CAMP School CPA and Coach Legate as they play Livingston in the TN Girls 2A Final Four.
:-) Thanks! I sure hope you're right!
excellent lunch and dinner at haven yesterday. i think i may move in.
thanks for the RT, good article
Asians can't win.
All bout that thunder life
liar liar pants on fire
what up bro follow me!
Haters! Um play with racoons? Bad idea? Yeah, never mind.
Btw, How about the Atlanta #Hawks huh ?
Preparing for a new day!
Spend part of your Sat. @ the Bar+Bistro @ The Arts Factory Hangover Brunch! 11am-3pm. Voted "Best Place to Recover" by VEGAS SEVEN
Not to far from home and need to visit soon !! - Pictures: America's "lost" national parks
and I agree we don't need to be reminded that sex happens in Littlefinger's brothel.
The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom
Bean-cat: hunger strike against twice daily feedings vs free feeding is officially over. Only after she got her way & John bought her Iams.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. great movie
Thanks everyone for supporting my latest venture Talkbiznow.com, I am humbled by your support!
your dog is so cute!!!!!
#gigmemories jumping offstage at Cafe du Nord to start a mosh/dance pit in the front row....and then getting back to finish the last chorus.
Sold 1 today! Listed another too! All by lunchtime
u should try insanity Phil. It's the best workout I've ever done. Press play and you'll get whatever results u want.
Welcome to the Women's Development Institute. Enjoy your lunch!
you have got to be kidding me. i don't have time for this.
that Mac looks a bit cheesy :)
GRONK is the best TE in the nfl
Just curious if anyone has any positive, or negative feedback on the Clearomizer? I've used it for about 3 wks now, I'm still on the fence..
You bet!
23. What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception.
The question I've asked everywhere,doing research. If you don't have good credit or friends with money, how do you raise cash for startup?
#Mom get ready to #PartyRussianStyle!!
If Tebow gets in a fight, does God use the restroom for a minute to turn away?
- I keep waiting to see a tweet about you hitting up "Montgomery Inn", but you're too obsessed with chili dogs :)
When did radio stations start playing the National Anthem at noon? I don't mind, but I'm curious.
We're hosting a Fall Meetup and would love for you to come! DM us and we'll send you more info.
On label of Kroger Unsalted Dry Roast Almonds: INGREDIENTS: ALMONDS. MAY CONTAIN: SOY, MILK, AND WHEAT (!!??)
Hope to see you at the child care and after-school rally today 3:30 in City Hall Park!
where are you from?
#favmoviequote "you're gonna need a bigger boat"
Sin is geographical. ~ Bertrand Russell
funny, I was just thinking the same thing about yoy
I hope you all have a great New year and please follow my main Twitter feed I hit the follow ceiling 2000
RT : “: Twitter is my teachers lounge. Inspiring educators. Engaging ideas. #geniushour” AGREED! Except fewer complaints
Oh #oscars did you just tease me with another Whitney tribute?
Chilling w/the fam :-)
Maybe I like her a little bit lol
So since you're moving away from big mid-tempo ballads, will A3 be all about dance music /tempo, hip hop etc?
Charisma is sparkle in people that money can't buy. It's invisible energy w visible effects. Marianne Williamson
Taylor Swift Dresses as Tiger for Circus Themed Birthday Party - Daily Glow
you still playing ball
I'm not holding my breath!
Listening to to fall asleep. This music is all-purpose.
Well new followers....join Allegro Dance Co in Clarksburg WV on Sept 4 3:15 on the main stage! Yes another Italian festival :)
You JUST used MY patented word...#baller :)
Sam worked with the Sunshine Band?
You first, tweet me when your done x
lol thanks for thinking about the poor people in NYC who didn't hit and could use one haha
"2001: A Judicial Odyssey" is a formal report title that someone actually used in 1992. Probably "SPACE JUDGES" was taken.
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left
RT : RT : A face and a waist puts me in a good place
You are a sexy sexy sexy sexy lady. If you come to my next show, I will play a song just for you. Only the best for the best.
Go Nuggets!!!
"Mushroom factor" may apply tho thats usually when you start a small project like replacing a light bulb and end up rewiring a house
Lol! : Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That wii show him who’s boss.”
Business is not about the competition, just like in sport the game is never about the opponent. It's about being your best!
Will do
My head has exploded. Stupid ap physics.
You can breathe now. RT : "The order for Parks & Rec is for a full-season 22 episodes."
I love how can tell that I'm having inappropriate conversations based off of my cackle. cc: I die.
Finally made the connection that Rakeem Christmas probably wears #25 for a reason.
No!! It's perfect!
Have you seen our new website yet? Make it part of your lunch hour surf session - we won't tell! www.eps-doublet.com
RT I like to imagine Anderson Cooper as an over-excited head of the yearbook committee at the high school in "Heathers"
rode my bike to , working on the upcoming BDNT pitch of In case I forgot why Boulder rocks, I am reminded.
thanks so much. glad you like the new background! i worked hard on it. -wes
Grey st. Been almost 3 years. Awesome
Actor Charlie Sheen arrives at the Chateau Nightclub & Gardens at the Paris Las Vegas early May 1, 2011 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
gucci, fendi, louis, ya man don't do that, do he? ;)
Did you try our Sammich today? You still have time to come and taste our signature dish, it's a Coopster favorite!
I'm also motivated by grapes. I just like mine expertly fermented in Mendoza, France or California.
MLS Cup!!! hey you have any extra tix for sale for the NY Red Bulls game?
I wonder how many girls are going to be named Katniss in the next few years.
I feel like a kid again being excited for a movie. Haven't felt like this in a long time.
The meaning of life isn't something that comes to you magically from the outside. It's created by how we live each day!
Finally! I'm on Twitter!
who tryna match one
White girls have beefs? 
REMINDER: Parent Support Group Tonight 5:30 at the #Autism Family Resource Center
Thanks for the MT!
he y'all I gotta head out for awhile. Will be back on soon :)
Good morning LA! Come join me for my Meetup at The Republic of Pie in NoHo. I'm wearing a red tee and will be here until 10:45am.
We really do have the best restaurants and shops in Baltimore as clients. We created a twitter list so you can follow the delicious.
done with my first year of college, couldn't be happier! Never going to forget the memories or the amazing friends I have made this year<3
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 💓
Love it and DONE!
Pandora "Space Olympics" . . . brilliant.
is in a class by herself as a musician and songwriter
She Made My Night
Well the point of playing is to win, so by that logic you have to say Eli since he has more rings even if Peyton has more talent
Oh, now it worked. Don't know what happened, maybe their server was temporarily down or something...
Each moment is a precious jewel, sparkling amid eternity, to be *enjoyed* before it's gone forever. Joy, joy, joy, ...
im taking requests to follow people so tweet me who you want me to follow and i will.
haha i just might
I've been very pleased with every product I've used, I greatly appreciate the quality.
Ministries across America have the task of standing for God's truth without compromising God's principles.That my friend is God's Church!
aw but in 15 min gots to go!! Hahaha you ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the F**k outta here!!!
RT : Q5) Luke eventually got there "No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need."
Omg yall gotta see this man I work with
Happy birthday !!! Hope your having an amazing day, iloveyou! #BELIEVE <3
that's such a good idea. i've had 20 boxes in my car for a week cause i've been too lazy to bring them upstairs.
Refuse to believe that ComedySportz exists until he sees their longform.
Back to the studio today to track guitars. Should be finishing up soon on this single.
you spelled ugly wrong
#DEFCON : a nice looking steganography tool to hide your data, Steghide.
Love calling up Asian delivery places on my personal piggy days just to get off over the phone...whatevs
Stone Mad...duh. Add Market Garden and Johnny's on Fulton to that list.
Fuck you guys.
Kyle Blades likes this. RT : Doing irresponsible things, because I'm an irresponsible guy.
He startin to piss me off
We're nearing 400 followers - help spread the word and recommend to your followers on Twitter!
we're posting our #ACBW events tomorrow!!!
I'm there Busta bust u know and gettin it together on my end
interviews for new attendants will continue today
“: I certainly hope that no one will giddy up to #nafsa12” That's Tex-ist.
At didi hirsch culver city about to lead #grief support group for adults affected by a #suicide death
Im back twitches
Would any young ladies like a scented candle? I have one that my mom doesn't want for mothers day..
Am I the only person in Baltimore that thinks the sudden retirement of the Commissioner of Police is fishy? I mean this is Baltimore..right
Thanks Melissa. I need to take more time to learn how to maximize my twitter use.
Just saw a nice pair of tits that I'm going to enjoy playing with this Saturday.
If God sent u the man of ur dreams today, could u cherish him or would u tear him down...
The saying that you get back from life what you put in to it is so true. People give up too soon.
Happy Birthday breh!
doesn't the question need to start at the owner lev?
#wcphilly The post was a top-ten type list that included 5 advertisers, 9 links, and 41 comments.
If you have a prayer request. Please feel free to share it with us on
you know what i really hate.....when people wear crocs!
Of the food and the company!RT : RFD'n it with ! aren't you jealous?!!!
I can just see the t shirt now: Bow to the Box!!!
only worthwhile hologram tweet i've read today RT : hope a manning marable hologram will accept his pulitzer
Now, the New York premiere of Suzanne Farrin's Infinite Here.
My mom thinks im trying to starve myself
Started a small job at the Indiana Blind school today.
Today is a great soup day: Tomato Basil and Chicken Noodle are the featured soups in the SSC in the Arena District today! Come in!
slowly, this project is coming together. i'm tired but the fire in my guts makes me wanna push through with this.
Do you know if it is possible to specify the initial event shown using HTML. Right now it always shows the last event
lololoololo me to.
Ppl just don't like me ; like wth
Whenever I have to go to the bathroom, all I can hear in my head is "Sittin on the toilet!"
when I try to be super quiet I end up being ridiculously loud 😒
Don't have regular tv set up yet, but the man upstairs is nice enough to keep me informed of the score through the ceiling.
Cool word search adaptation for use in online class! I can use that! #VirtualClass Thanks
The dude. He's pretty solid at brewing it up.
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep. --E. Joseph Cossman
After work hours
My Italian Greyhound couldn't last more than 5 minutes outside. I think I need a new dog.
I Wouldn't Change A Thing...
King Taco sounds bomb right now...
I've been really tough on Rondo but he hit some huge jump shots tonight I also love how he fouled to not force the tie #Celtics win
Kyle Orton better not come near Chicago. I'll snap necks!
UM NO
lol yea if only that we're true. That class makes no sense.
Thank you. not as big as the state award, but still pretty cool
#Social Media 101 - Watch the 4 minute #video by #Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
me neither haha. wish the Bolts good luck ;) oh me too! I knew they were gonna beat LA! I knew it! xD
truth be told, I thought the same thing the first time I heard "tapas" ;)
I will look into it. Tks for the help.
Shared Mel's Blackstone jingle with the staff tonight.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
As soon as I turned on The Bulls game, they started losing. I think I'm bad luck.
Malaya Business Insight
Carmelo strained his right groin in the first quarter of tonight's game
voted today
Thank you So much!
#Fridayreads new galley from my friend, the excellent Joe Geha
Good Night :)
Seniors! Sign up to paint your parking spots! We need atleast 15, or the entire thing will be cancelled. Sign up tomorrow! Only $35 bucks!
yall bitches is tired , get off my phone and go get some money .
Pearl Jam - Amongst The Waves - 07:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Let's go #duke !
The reason why Augie Men's Basketball will be good next year? Future star is up early on a Friday morning grinding away!
Ugh, I'm like bruised everywhere. ,but it was definitely worth it, just met Christofer Drew.
I love him too
is definitely one of my favorite places in #MKE. Check out my instagram or foursquare to see why. S/O to
I only worked the Boston Marathon and I'm exhausted, god bless all the runners...
Attention Teenagers! 'NO' is a complete sentence! -
Smile! It just might make someone's day :)
your eyes 😍
youre recent tweets lmao im rollin you a mess
#rewarding Dry Cleaning Business Can Be Rewarding
Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500. Please send Direct Message if interested
You're crazy. Every single one of these is pretty cool looking. Especially for public libraries.
Mark Duffy~ I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
The current episode of Bones is not playing. : (
Among other things...RT : And how the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADDRESS?????
Good Morning :)
Hope I have a delivery from #beachbody today with my kids #ShaunT workout and #BrazilButtLift! June challenge cut off is may 26 :)
I so feel u to many lazy ass people how Want to settle for the bare minimum
she looks beautiful. Hope it's fun! Oh the memories :)
Trivia for Jan 11, 2012:On this day in 1935 who became the first person to fly solo from HI to CA?
ugh I feel so stupid right now
can tell the difference which one were his and what questions were from me and i asked who is your role model
Everytime you see me I'm grindin. I stay on that workin shit.
#Spring is such a beautiful season. Take time to enjoy all the fruits of nature...Cool breezes, blossoms, and lots of sunshine!
But you know what? YOU would notice the difference, right? Sometimes, intense attention to tiny detail can be so satisfying....
"The most powerful force is not a STANDING army, but an IDEA that refuse to FALL."—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™
I really wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby so I could wear what I wore to the Carolina Cup... Tailored Jack Victor
--> I will have to stop by there the next time I'm in Boston.
And sometimes late at night/When I'm bathed in the firelight/The moon comes callin' a ghostly white/And I recall/I Recall...BOB SEGER
ha. Even better.
excited to read about your multigenre papers! (& for the record, I am a fan of darker lit, myself!)
I'll probably get to my 200th tweet within the next month so who wants it?
had the most awesome flight to london friday. thanks jane
Just watched Breaking Dawn part 1 for the first time and it was AMAZING!!(:
yeah really! hopefully they have neighbors that'll update them. was that in an evac zone?
Ok do you want in? (:
FYI: If you have fed. student loans & do auto-pay, the DOE changed their auto-debit dates process (w/o notification)
Tomorrow on the show - Maybe (?) Sen. Scott Brown, Gladstone on "Sexting," Forsberg from ESPN on Sports, and what Big Jim is Thinking.
no 'flip-floppers' there.
Noting's new right now and everything is old right now.
He wears glasses during math because it improves division.
Niggas talk dis sweet elegant shit to females on twitter, but dont do none of that to dey Real Woman.
Yeah, I like it too. Like most zooms, it breaths a bit on focus pulls. But it's sharp, robust, and relatively affordable.
I hate long mrt rides actually
Table is soft as expected.
your welcome :)
Liked B-Franklin's idea on liberty? What about his #Wine theory? "It makes living easier, less hurried, w/ fewer tensions & more tolerance.”
Going to Austin for
is it going to ship in time for the concert though?
I have Facebook,tumblr,ooVoo and twitter retweet if u wanna noe them
My ears are still ringing from tonight I hope I don't go deaf! For real this shit is bugging me
Great show tonight...hope you made it out, and happy you liked the show this week!
ATL with me friend so EXCITED!
Whoever said the dime smoked the dime.
Can't wait for the NM show! Partial RT: Other legs for THE OUTLAW ROADSHOW coming soon. Shows in... New Mexico...& even more
Tomorrow is my grandmother's graveside and I won't be there... so tonight we eat birthday cake and watch old Psych episodes.
I can finally do a heel flip while riding. Now I gotta try doing it on stairs
what happened last night?
Jessica Turral of Hand in Hand presenting, works with juvenile males in BCDC and in reentry. GED and college prep, literacy, mental health.
great interview with Ron.
It's true-I judged. Unicorn just takes the cake (or pie) every time.Sparkles are like a party for your mouth!
you are vey welcome
is one of the coldest engineers in the D #salute my nigga!!!
i like buttholes
You should follow me ;D
looks like she's thinking lmao
That sounds like a dream job!
Had fun in it's my favorite place to come and be a little kid again
Is anyone in BTV tonight?
just finished a 5 week Train the Trainer class w/ ASTD-LA. Great class on effecting change thru learning and engagement.
Voting has begun on the new packers fan club name. Get ready for some rocking conventions
Who wants a #FREE night at our amazing downtown property? Be our 700th follower!
Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well. Me? Yes, I'm a proud conservative & I will always look to protect my nation.
I'll just talk to Bridget for the rest of the night I guess.
: No way. I'd never 'threaten' to unfollow a #Sharks fan.
Letting my students watch Passing Strange. Its really reaching 2 of them who are captured by it. We are getting to the real.
JUSTIN I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS
Yes and yes.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "we wouldnt be runnin if she woulda made her shot, or boxed out, or hustled"
Well Even Though It Was Pain Free , It Only Slowed Me Down 5 Mins
STOP THE CONTEMPLATING
Yes it is.....Take care.
If u didn't hear alfred Williams response to chiefs draft pick hopefully punts that on their web page
Let's try March. I have a project to promote. Thanks!
Crazy cougar Michelle Bachmann on Meet the Press. For once, David Gregory's Woman-hatred makes me smile.
You sure can, but all children under 18 must be accompanied with a parent/guardian!
hi. next time ur @ john varvatos, pls stop by across the street & talk 2 jena. the clothes/look is perfect 4 u.
Listening to KISS Destroyer for probably the 9,000 time. Never gets old.
I had some ish with a jar of Paul Newman sauce.
Hooray, hooray, it's the 4th of May! 's "Tenderloin" opens today!
by just playing blood bowl you win, our league is getting started, cant wait!
Coed rec brackets are set. Quarterfinals start Friday and Sunday. March madness at the indoor arena!!
Insanely cheap cheap cheap advertising rates for ANYONE looking to promote themselves on RichmondNightOut.com -call 955-7257 for more info
Great interview on today.
Any person,anyone who never gives up on you,Is a person you can call a real friend.
I miss you homegirl. You always say you're gonna hang out with jacky next week and y'all never do. Whatupwiddat!?
How about those #Browns? I'll take it!
Yes, there are people who believe NASA faked the moon landing, and the US caused Hurricane Katrina to exterminate Black people.
Good Sunday morning. We are OPEN & ready to serve you. Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Honey Bunch Latte! Remember, everything is on SALE!
Laying here n my sports bra n bball shorts. Y cause somebody got the heat on hell..
Thats what I thought. If he's not careful he will ruin Twitter for everybody. Guess he thinks it is some game.
lol you better fix that!!
RT : I feel the hot air in a car with the ac on blast.. Yup. I'm home.
Packed out in Willowbrook, IL! The Challenge Rocks!!
Nearly 1/3 of the 23 million people in #Yemen don't have enough food to eat (United Nations)
Bet you where ever you spent the summer you couldn't get ice cream delivered to your door at 3 in the morning.
I Believe I Can Fly.
MIKEY and RAY appeared in WWE Raw a few minutes ago
Great workout tonight. New boxing instructor (for me, at least) broke me down. Love it.
Love the new picture. Also really like your descrip of 'other'. I go there, boyfriend hates it. Usually during Real Houswvs
I just dont understand why people be like give me ur number ima call/text u but dont do it
You want prosperity and success, meditate on the Word of God. #readProverbs Don't run behind rich people.
Happy birthday!
I have to SMH over this everyday, friend. This is my work!
Get high and time won't fly
I cant sleep
Great idea. Thank you.
as much as hate it, I had to laugh.
Hey Kendra! Thanks so very much!
Today I stood in front of the IRS building and just flipped them off
Mommy likes mommy's new pic
I think that student should get points just for emailing me to ask abt books w/ interrobangs for her scavenger hunt. Clever, clever.
Mayweather>Pacman BUT... Money is scared to ruin his undefeated record, which is why he tiptoes around the fight, settles for easy bouts.
Happy Birthday to my leeedo sistet Rachel <3 I love her so much and I hope she has a great day ^.^
Take the losses, and use them to inspire you to do even greater things. Hollywood might set you back a couple times. Keep focused, keep on
...the growth will come to a stop only when the Gov. cuts off cold turkey... it will never happen...but one can dream...
Put your middle fingers up!
8 FLAVAHS all the way doe. like they;re the best in my opinion. and no its not because of sympathy they are dope. u cant deny it
RT: This weeks #mediachat guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. This Thursday at 10pm EST.
#rahmchicago Young Chicago Authors poetry student takes the stage.
And yet I subconsciously chose the groomed one. Interesting.
also can the signing be on the weekends
So, I guess it's probably good, at least for today, I don't have a blog other than this icro stuff going on. huh.
I love it when I'm smart enough to have cooked chicken breast in the fridge. Just made the boy child chicken fajitas :)
Please help us welcome new education member Joan Matsukawa of to #SMCHI! Welcome Joan! cc
your welcome :)
I kinda have to agree with You notice everyone. Maybe you could notice me too?
:( Well that sucks ! Its always hot tho right ?
Yesterday: Great improv session with drama, students worked well on service learning, wife made AWESOME paella!
when the new version of is completed...it will completely revolutionize how people interact battles like
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY!?
thought you were talking to mee :)
What going on
Exiting things are in the works, kids! Adrenaline is coursing. This town is Magic.
I used to drive a truck for an agricultural firm. During harvest the hours were long. A driver got off early (he definitely didn't like t...
So many poems I love, it was hard to choose! I started with Li-Young Lee, then Elizabeth Bishop, and finally decided on Harjo.
Long day... but - the last shipment (that I'll be involved in, at least!) left our Historical Society today!
It's definitely a hectic crazy busy day & I'm loving it.
This acct inactive for a long time - hope to see more teachers and staff use this great communications tool.
Today is going to be a better day..
Where's the Laker fans at? Too early to boast?
Best Love Song~
Does anyone want to do anything ?
no you are just on European time :D
Yes, #AngelPunk will feature an ex-juvie PDX scooterist character. said her scooter will be more prevalent in the film version.
Pure FUN! RT : Heading to good ole Wausau, WI for some action-packed, beer selling fun on the eve of 's birthday.
nada. empty water bottle. congrats.
#Giro 35.8 The tiny church with the very tall belfry: S. Francescof a Bastardo
comin in hot from Arlington. I'm absolutely winning this pool
Bebe, you fell asleep on me -__- i miss you already. blah but i love you tho :) call me when you wake
oh come now levy that's just mean. (really funny though, but mean).
........ That shit is beyond #stupid!!!!! How you make music but cant sing live???
Huey Lewis, To do music and have people show up, is a dream come true
Nashville folks: are "Lounge" shows free or always a certain price? Site says $0, but also "tickets at the door."
No, but I will be I think. People are just pissing me off right now.
has no life
A 'F' should equal an 'A'. - of (quoting Tony Wagner)
And they even spam him when he's OFFLINE!
This guy on the max looks exactly like Tyga... Uh marry me?
Is there such a thing as escalator etiquette?
I wish I knew Spanish. You are one sexy guy. Gosh and you can sing like an angel. Love that look you have. <3<3<3<3<3
ATTN: There is a shit ton of ice randomly falling from the China Harbor building roof. Literal heads up.
Stop into tomorrow night for our Business Coaching class. 1st timers are free. 255 G ST. San Diego, CA 92101
Only one more final to go. Then it's on to thesis writing and whatever else my next steps might be.
We Go In One Direction Yeah Buddieee
you will.
Whatever happened to England Dan and John Ford Coley
MT : I would love for Wisconsin to be back playing baseball...hoping somehow, someway in future we can make that happen."-Bud Selig
Forgive your enemy but remember the bastard’s name. /via
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. Lao Tzu
Happy Mother's Day!
What Iphone app will let you tweet more than 160 and just link the rest of the message of it goes over?
Don't Miss Out! SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
Yum. RT Cold? You need a hot bowl of chicken sausage chili. Fresh off the stove!
HE>i
When everyone else is getting tan from playing sports outside, but you're still pale cause you're always at the studio
I've lost any cold-weather survival skills I may have picked up in NYC. There is no other explanation for my choice of footwear today.
Ever seen a sexy pirate" pop, lock, and drop it"? We have, and it was beautiful.
Thank you for the retweet ~ I hope all is well, I haven't seen you in a while.
putting on all my OSU bling! 
don't be cut nigga
fletcher: DeMaio talks about making this "the Wisconsin of the West," and he's not talking about cheese
Bored. Anyone want to talk? :)
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody."
Why are dogs noses always wet?
Where you're headed is more important than how fast you're going. - Stephen Covey
So you finished your drink. The ungodly sound you're making with your straw is indicative of that fact. Don't make me cut you.
hey lol you never add me on fb :(
RT : I'm not on the phone so I guess I'll sleep . Angry face . Goodnight .------- should've called me ijs
“: This bitch on taboo is 32 inches tall dating somebody that's 6' 4'' smh” and she had a kid o.O
Glad to hear
Watch A Stunning Video Of Humanity’s Effect On Earth - the Anthropocene--era in which the world no longer shapes humanity...
I have a very clear view of who I am and where I am headed. I hope you join me on this journey!
What to wear? What to wear?
that sounds fun! 
#ff Great and hilarious pundit coverage of the recall certification.
There is a guy in this fast food place that has a lizard. Really a live reptile. I'm going to go ask him if I can pet his lizard.
shutupp if anything i should slap you -.- you wont do it you love me too much ^.^
wtf is this!?
Especially this character change LOL
Not happy with the result of Shaemus/Bryan, but holy hell was that an excellently booked match.
HERB FUCKING WELCH!!!!!! :D
hip hop club and trap beats with an original sound
It was called Yellow Lake! Just over the border from MN.
I thought you would appreciate that Sonic headquarters is right around the corner from our hotel.
hahaha! Idk make sure if he does to put it in YOUR savings account.
Apparently need to try the Mickey Mouse waffle tomorrow.
If you are right handed, you will tend to chew food on your right side
Monday Tweetcast - very warm/sunny, highs in the 88-93° range...small rain risk later this week.
We got a couple b-day parties tonight @ TryOuts!!! Expecting a good crowd. Members, tonight is a good night to come on thru
Back to the grindstone before school is out! Just one more month...
yea buddy. she goes i live on hurley st. after work come on over. #Coots had more teeth than her.
“: I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry.” with
Redheads get me everytime
oh yeah!!!!!! I gatta pick up my mom right quick 👌
Im still smoking..
“: Wow, it's crazy windy out there this morning!” ya, it's obnox...45mph gusts..nasty
You have chickens, do you live in Hampden per-chance? Are you missing one this morning?
rage? No. I got work in the morning. And I don't even like you.
: yes. Olathe has very few in the way of celebrities, so if Buddy Limbeck's inviting you to his house, you go.
I got a B on my Exams helped my letter grade, about to study for my next two exams then get braided for my scene in the movie Blac Gurl Lost
Struck by Hawthorne describing Wakefield as the "hero" of his tale.
Never give up on someone, you can't go a day without thinking about.
ITS TIME, ALPHAS!!
How Much Does it Cost to convert Locks? | security code lock
MN Gov Mark Dayton declared this week Printer's Week. Should be a good time at the Star of Excellence Awards tomorrow.
I am!!! I think they need to lay off Lisa an Adrian doesn't need to take things so personal
Sort of. I know what they look like! :) RT : they now have squatters rights, per foursquare law.
Every once in a while, we #meet people who #leave us w/ either a #good sense of being, a broken #heart or a #great #lesson ;)
Jury selection begins for trial of man accused of murdering Jennifer Hudson’s family
My #newyears resolution is to read books written by twitter followers and other indie authors on kindle. This should be fun!
hey you have those moments too
At Marianne Hirsch's lecture on postmemory if anyone wants to follow #Hirsch (won't be using the #mla12 tag again, since it's over and all)
Kiayyyaaaaaaaa I Need Them Freakin Boots FRIDAY. :/ .
love is an unconditional commitment to a flawed individual
Yeahbut, seems June Gloom came early thus year.
watch wrbl for 1st time in a long time... knew something different about you... GO WARRIORS.... opps meant EAGLES
we have like 5 every day for homework
Download new iTunes. View Purchased Music, ordered by Most Recent. Scroll to bottom. Cringe at your old self's horrible taste in music.
Picked up my 9YO entrepreneur's backpack yesterday. Thanks !
Haha. With that said, don't go pistol-whipping anyone either. I know you learned that at Curley, too.
Doing great, Tariq! How about you? Hope you have a great Friday!
#Digitalhumanities projects such as that work with, rather than against, the internet are those that succeed
This is inevitable. Im sure the #NSA monitors and stores info on Americans too.
I'm goin to miss when she leaves I'm gonna cry!! :(
i was once addicted too.
Haha well said dude. PLEASE a non wreckfest this weekend!
How about Ruslan Pateev. He needs to start taking on more. Will Bo Barnes see any action today?
Just livin the life. Still in madison. You?
listening to 'Up All night' makes me feel like I want to stay up all night ;)
break time
#NFB a cute British chick  
follow my friend and help her reach 950. she follows back :)
She sings great but her looks... Eh not so much
Life is not fuckin easy
Hey guys! This is sorta important, but do you know if Harry still sponsors for Brain Cancer?:) I'll Tell you guys later-Kelly xoxoxo
Just stopped at Jack in Box
Marta Woodhull and Singing For A Living support #SAG-AFTRA ONE UNION! Voting for merger !
I shit hunnid dollar bills cuz all I eat is money!
Celine Dion joins Ricky Martin and in American Cancer Society #causemarketing campaign
thanks, Allison! That feature is def on the timeline!! #forreal :)
I be at uwm hoopin all the time
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day I need some Cookies and Milfs wait milk.lol
the #vegan marshmallows are ready 4 roasting!! What did your family enjoy most?
Who posts that & calls it bacon?sheesh
The Bible joke would actually have made sense this time. He was quoting from the original Greek ... I thought about doing it
It's like I'm the one you love to hate
Fantastic job. That's an amazing accomplishment.
Nothing like starting the day with some cold windy drizzle. Yuck.
I think we can guarantee plenty of board gaming options in our #thatcamp game room.
Amen sister.
They look fantastic! Glad they arrived safely. Enjoy.
All you rappers, and even you "rappers" need to get at my dude for a mixtape. My artist had 22,000 views in 1 wk.
100th digital short just made me cry. Omg im gonna miss andy. Ahah
haha nothing. I just had one of those moments
Also remember Matt Schaub and Hasselback... : Folks talking Matt Flynn for Browns. STOP! Remember Matt Cassel, Kevin Kolb.”
Goodluck s/o to and on their civil service exam #killit guys!
yeah they're good guys
Yay it stopped rain'n...I know #ATX needs rain but geez can we get a break! I need to do cardio outside tonight...
I turned and he was leaning toward me, his pale, glorious face just inches from mine. My heart stopped beating.
Hey did you guys know that Zooey Deschanel is quirky?
Just wondering if you could give me the address to your blog? Thanks a bunch!!
agnihotra and yoga seems like the perfect morning!
When you are ready to drop 1-2lbs a day we're here! When you have Q's we're here & when you celebrate being SKINNY HERE! www.lasvegashcg.com
thx for following. I just mentioned you on the radio today :)
We're off to #SanAntonio then #Houston to meet with clients. You all have a Good Friday, Happy Passover, swell Easter, & a great wknd!
The most important lesson of the Harry Potter series is that everyone marries a person they started dating in junior high.
Fried after full day of learning Good stuff!
Read the first chapter of 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' last night. It's already drawing me in.
The Tablet Market Report 2012-2017
PUSSY POPPN IN A HANDSTAND!
Join us May 5th from 11AM-6PM as we welcome jewelry designer Gurhan Orhan (), shop over 500 pieces from his beautiful line!
But it's *research*. That's productive... eventually...
up early ready to take on the day head first. Lets get it
#What2ChainzWouldSay Drop ya panties hello kitty. Open ya shirt hello titties. Pipe her down touch her kidneys. get that money OPRAH WINFREY
:* there it is
Gucci mane suppose to been made another song wit Jeezy
There's nowhere to plug into.
I am so ready to move out i will be so happy to #INEEDTOMOVE OUT
"Hey, come say hi to Phil!" **Crowd cheers** Did they get the audience from the 1800s?
knowing austin probably won't see your tweet.. but trying anyway.
Do not forget its Mother's Day Sunday! and Cinco De Mayo tomorrow
I dont have a drinking problem.. the problem is i dont make enough money to drink like i want # lol
guys if your motto is GTL you are a tool.stop hiding it
all i needed was a hug and some ice cream to cheer me up
CANT wait to see on !!! He's AMAZING.<3
Henry Ford Ironically, making a statement with words is the least effective method.
The dilemma when you have just finished a Lean Cuisine but you are still starving :( This is why I'm so fat in the first place
"Must swear off from swearing. Bad habit." --Rutherford B. Hayes (ΦBK, #Kenyon College, 1880)
GO USA!
working here for me, but there are a lot of starts and stops.
Never, while we love each other, And are worthy of our mother, Shall we live unblessed, my brother. (1850)
IM HITTING THE PBR NEXT.
Pro Skier Jess McMillan Shows Passion and Perseverance Pushing Through an Injury Stricken Season An avid freeskiing fan might ask, “What’s
birth of a beautiful little girl. For six years Fate left this girl alone. During this time she grew and grew. And everyday she became
oh? ok mate..
How big is the TV.
I am now learning how touse geyser to increase my traffic
Forecast for Today: Mostly sunny. Isolated showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid 80s. Southwest...
most of the men tweeting about #wifeymaterial need to learn how to be
One thing that people like to complain about is tables at restaurants being too close together
morrigan was in one as a secret character. I forget the name though.
"Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord," 2 Peter 2
and what would u do if I did
Htown w. D fam when I get off work.....
yeah you really do. :)
“If you Love, Care, and Appreciate, you will have an Amazing life”… Lane
Really enjoyed tonight's #teaching2030 discussion. Off to grad school work. Then grading. Maybe sleep eventually.
Apparently I need to get my wisdom teeth out and it'll cost $7,000 w/ my insurance. No wonder my dentist drives a Range Rover.. Dang.
probably something crazy like Sean Weatherspoon ranked
hell yeah!!
what's wrong? :/
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.” - Paulo Coelho
I think its time to graduate..
Dodged me ...
RT I'm here to declare to you--the past is over! Old things are made new! -- Great Motto!
proud of the Yanks win today! :) love them...super upset tho, that Mariano Rivera is out for the season. :(
why u hatin' on Ferguson? Craig Ferguson is hilarious sir
Thank you for coming!
:3 thank you.
We're still bullish on AAPL; the stock is going to 300 no doubt. RIMM is going to 40, GOOG is going 550, GRMN is going to 20.
we will be on the road until May
great to see you today! looking forward to catching up :D
nice huh ?
u do the same.
So fun...and so delicious!
Live and delicious - tonight at , Clarke, Saleh, Napier. Who on earth would miss this?
GOAL DEVILS
Do me a "solid" and follow my band
Thanks to everyone who came to #SpeakEasy last night! We had a great time. We think we hit our fundraising goal. Final count in progress...
over 6,000 UK fans at south carolina tonight. Best fans, best coach, best program.
like the mock. Great fun! Interesting to see Worthy dropping to the 3rd round.
I love to see ND Football struggle. They're making your degree lose it's value bro Haha..
There's too many two faced bitches
OMG girls! I just realized it was about a year ago that we were running around at Opening Day of the Races!
come celebrate our cd release with zest of yore and tighten up dj's at beauty bar tonight!
Last night in NYC! Covering major ground from west village to Bowery!
SNES greatest console ever?
Romney #dodge debates are the
lol i think the puppy is so much cuter..jk;)seriously though is it a boy or girl and whats its name
Anyone else excited about superbowl commercials?
…the sense of accomplishment that comes from having all your cereal bowls clean at once…
Gerard Howard, Founder Of Marchingsport.com Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands As Celebrity Judge.www. mlkgrandeparade.org
a belated thumbs up on the immigrant entrepreneurs panel. I heard it on my drive home for Christmas — way to rep civic journalism!
listen to "you and i" by lady gaga and tell me you debt cream your pants
What is your favorite Rawhide Ranch camp memory?
omg.sorry to hear that melo
Greg Anthony on Paul Pierce: "[He's] as complete a small forward as we have in the NBA."
If I could revive ONE dead musician for a live encore performance, I'd choose #StevieRayVaughn. What about you?
Green Lantern had enough will power to make giant green fly swatters. I don't have enough will power to stop looking out the window!
Newsflash: Jeezy talks about selling cocaine, y'all. (Re: TM103)
I'm now starting to realize how important family is.
oh yea i gotta go to fuck ass work
What is the first warning sign of AIDS? A pounding sensation in your ass.
Bought my Mom a Michael Kors handbag for her day. Went over big!! They had bags at Nordstrums cost as much as my car LOL.
Loss to Lakeview Cent. In OT with a chance to convert 2on1 to win reg. still haunts me. LC went on to state final game.
Today's the scary day that I print out my fledgling novel and hand it to the world's toughest editor: my hubby.
We have developed a new partnership with a social media promotion software company! Announcement coming soon. Any ideas on who?
"The Expert" Energy Broker Steven Banass invites you to "Friend him on FACEBOOK" SEARCH FOR Steve Banass Increase your network! I REFRIEND!
30 minutes then off for the day
Why the Fuck was the sun a baby on teletubbies!?
Cappuccino Coffee
Excellent choice! And the Jaws theme would have been inconceivable without it. Wait—are you including the riot?
Just talked to the big bro for a minute. We havent talked like this in years. But whenever it's a girl problem that's my nigga
The good news? Close to 70 Sunday & mid-70s on Monday. Who's ready?
found out my mom was a guy - lauren
Instagram - Turning every lightbulb into tungsten
Awesome. Love the local ties to
with #300KMahomies your definitely going to be the next YouTube star!:)
Really Chris Resop? Really?
dm me ur email again bro fina send somen Ova right now!!!!!
Does anyone remember Rocket Power? Omg.
Had an awesome dinner with and the boyz.. God is truly blessing this wonderful family!
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Judging by the amount of parties today, "National Weatherperson Day" has really taken off.
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV14 Mine: Convert every discouragement into an encouragement. Whats your confession?...
Planning is key to success. No problem if you don't have all the tools to do it for yourself. That is what we do! WE can help YOU!
only if you take one of mine! Wear something cute :)
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
Make sure to follow if you're an iconiac, she is too (: also a 787 fanatic and KoalaDanceBot! She's a GRANDer!
Watching my baby Paul walker , Fast five <333
Hey Annie i love your perspective pieces and column your welcome, your a great and very talented writer.
Wherever you listen throughout the world, it's football time in Tennessee!
lol the tickets for the 2013 north american tour in april of this year, so if i get tickets i'll have to wait till next year to see them.
Someone take me to McDonalds to get an ice coffee?
I need to go to sleep...
From what I can see, you're very talented & well connected. The difficulty in your biz is that it's a small community.
Life Before Internet...Share with me something you remember...
Somebody shuld throw a project x type party
I am in the midst of the wilderness.
But I've had my fair share of boners in my life, so I'm not wondering what it feels like... o.o
I'm expecting another Boston visit when you and get out of school for the summer
this Monday? Sure...I'll stick around.
#SaySomethin words can't say ah austin ur #awesome:)))
Bday this weekend
RT : Happy 2 Years of being real people Class of 2010!
Fantasy Football Draft starts.....RIGHT NOW!
lmao...so true. He is good I agree. But not on Lee, weaver, verlander level
Feelin So Diesel Smokin on Sum Sour, We the Highest In The City like The Key Bank Tower
Woke up with a bruise on my eyelid...maybe I was kickboxing in my sleep. You shoulda seen the other guy...
im tired of stupid shit i really im
hey ppl
