"We have a world premiere with " well yeah! I'd like to see it sometime today if you don't mind. Thank you very much(: <3
no, and I just like cake.
You're turning into a completely different person and I don't like it....
r u gonna be back for #SuperbowlSunday or do you need me to take you 40/40 tickets????? Cuz I want them 😰
Dang It! I Just Knew That Was Gonna Get Retweeted... Nope Not Anymore.
Interested in low expense/high results coaching. Starting new coaching groups soon on authentic living. Contact me for info
Seattle City Councilmember Mike O'Brien has announced he's moving his accounts to Wallingford branch today at 10 am.
sat 2 glasses on her ass.....thats some next level shit
Dolphins too easy. Take that bet with Buffalo?? :-)
Imma do JUST what u did RT : i feels, one day last week i almost felt the same way, before i DISMISSED them smh
trying to plan a trip for this summer :) xx
Also hit up my pure volume www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord :)
Oh man Larry. Sitting on pins and needles over here. players going down left n right. Bibby's gotta save us.
LOL. Just giving you a hard time
Led Zeppelin hour on 93.7 ! It's been a long time, been a long time, It's been a long lonely lonely lonely lonely time! (I think) lol. ♥
RT : Hey All, I am headlining the Punchline in Sacramento, CA tonight-Sunday! One show tonight and Sunday and 2 shows on...
With us? 😉 Because we're pretty damn hilarious!
ALLIANCE TO LEGISLATURE: WAKE UP ! PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION IS ASLEEP AT THE SWITCH & DIVISION OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES IS NAPPING TOO!
missing Giraffe
i wrote this song today, its about one night stands as zombies and embalmed pharaohs. night of the loving dead type shit.
Happy to be your source for authority.
thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London! xo
No way. that was the best part. Your hand-written message, the non-xmas music and the timing was pristine.
Thanks, Stephanie! Hope you're doing great!
We're recording a new song right now. It's quite groovy.
No Phelps
can you please please please follow me? <3
Will you send over that photo of me too? Or just tag in FB?
Perhaps, but my point was he must be in the lead or no attacks would be needed.
is so lame
stop watching tv. Go to class! We need your skill set.
Funny how Cris Carter just changed what allegedly said and when he allegedly said it.
Look at B52 getting INTENSE in the background photo! How goes it dude?
If that leftover Reese's peanut butter egg was all it took to make me feel better, then ... well, that's awesome, I guess.
apparently likes to ask 7 questions at once...and MJD is nailing each one...
Is it really that cold out? No, I'm just from Florida.
How is this new?? Hahah ;) RT My new management approach, "let's meet halfway and just do it my way."
+1 RT : Has considered queuing posts? That would win over the entire soccer mom audience
I must find a way into this guild.
First real day off in a while. Spent the afternoon with Pedro in sun. Now watching #the bachelor finale & simply relaxing. Feels so nice
On a awesome set today with
where do you play at? how often do you play? RT: Off to play some #racquetball!
Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.
'm not weird...I'm quirky.
Aww, Rissy! We'll always have our special time!
...we're so glad you like us. :) The feeling is mutual
'Niall and Demi aren't even dating. Why do people ship it?' Lol Larry isn't dating but it's still a bigger ship than Titanic.
I think you have the wrong link there (sends me to America's Test Kitchen). Are you referring to the DOJ statement?
“a wife's angry words can hurt a man as surely as if she'd struck him with her hands. Verbal abuse is still abuse.”
Killing it tonight! If they don't give him at least a 28 or 29 tonight I'm gonna lose it! You feel me ?!?
Crap! Would you guys play it again?
Hm. Looks like TweetChat is not working for me tonight. May have to attempt to do this manually.
Good news! RT : Folks with outdoor events Saturday: much of day looks dry right now. Chance of showers late PM/evening.
I knew i wouldn be out of here til 12
Happy Birthday! Wishing you the best of luck in making your dreams come true. Rock the World!
you must be younge!
Apparently everyone on Coronado has a corgi. Saw about 10 at the park.
Eddie!! Preciate the follow, what's goin on man? How you doin?
Life isn't fair....thinking of friends at home who lost a brother/son tragically this week. Send love and prayers to the Adirondacks.
"Let GOD be true and every man a lier!" Love that verse,.....1 daddy 1 mama 1 Lord 1 Faith..
. Look at it from the corporate perspective, its all about deregulation and cheap labor. Who he pays the bill gets the agenda
I keep having dream of me either dropping my phone in water or going swimming with it -______- Buying the #lifeproof waterproof case
I guess I'll just get a new car stereo.
WOW! UK is giving Baylor the business. UK up 42-22 at the half.
#LoveIs... What exactly???
Some people would rather be right than happy.
The people of Flat Earth Society obviously know nothing of Geology, Physics and other sciences that plainly rule out the flat earth theory.
The tests administered vary from general computer skills, to competency on Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Woodfish finishes mixing on the album Starlight Remedy! Mastering scheduled for March 17th at Avatar Studio's in NYC!
Please give a warm Twitter welcome to If you’re involved in #highered recruitment & retention, you’ll want to follow.
any recommendations for making 100's of feeds more readable?
lights out after first 3 batters. The NL Central should be concerned if they ever learn to hit.
I really need to start working on my website
#FOLLOW and Congrats on the great extra inning game that lead to a victory over the
Maria Pallente (our relatively newish Registrar of Copyright at LC) gives a keynote
If its lower then 50 fuckin degrees outside, do not turn on the a.c. 👊💢
rocking the Hard Rock Stage tonight at 10pm. Bring it on. See you there bitches!
I am glad I am not the only one wondering what this is about.
Awesome pun RT : My dad and I changed a light bulb today. He says: "Many hands make light work."
You trickin' on her, you big sucker!
human beings lack the cognitive resources to maximize. satisficing optimizes all costs, including the cost of the optimization itself
Damn..... Somebody need 2 BBQ 2day
pancakes at Jack's school
Just saw beyonce's baby! He is so gorgeous!!!! Wow!!!
#TwSIG Twitter is about saying something often. Pervasive, portable and viral. Share this! We're at the Twitter SIG
Every visit, like or comment gets to slap our singer in the face at our next show on March 23rd. Open palm and with a wet hand of course.
Not that it had anything to do with the crash but I guess lawyer tabs would've stopped that wheel from bouncing off
let's see it when it comes out in 3D!!
#1 in major leagues
3 DMV employees in Broward County arrested for accepting payoffs to get drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone straight bang on them . : ))
keep in mind, she has me on the trading block....
“: you just got a big ol' round of applause at the Down n' Over public meeting.” awesome! Something good I hope!
: can you send me an email to tgraham @ land - studio. org (no spaces) or a PM? thanks!
oh yeah. Sorry. It was a joke. Lol
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M. Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com and chat live with us.
TORONTO DUSK
#Twitterdunk from the foul line 360 dropping shorts in the air 2 hand slam landing with my dick in mouth!!
Its whatever though I could careless if people judge me.
Music session this afternoon!!! #let'sGetIt
wow. ppl will literally do anything in order to be famous.
Our supper table discussion consisted of this one time on icarly & a lecture on economics & how it applies to star wars this is why i drink
NICE cum shot, wish it were in my ass instead of your hand though.
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the word swag.
Checking out Wolfram Alpha. Pretty cool.
I wonder what happened at school today, did you guys study anything?
wait for me
I think Noel is the key player to get. Muhammad would be icing on the cake.
You're very welcome Milady! I hope you've had a wonderful week & will party like a rockstar this weekend! Xoxo
on tonight? Count me in. In the mood for some eye candy.
definitely a gem, any other recommendations?
I wish I had time to include the SUV part, the girl with the umbrella, and the guy yelling at us from the second-story window
is reading Greg Urban's Metaculture.
laughing so hard i fell off my dinosaur just kidding i dont have a dinosaur but if if did i would name it fred:)
Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
Great way for the seniors to say good-bye to Folsum Field....totally dominating Arizona
Wow I missed one practice and my dad yells at me and I'm sick so wtf
You just might
First chapter drafted. Second begun... Oh, I'm liking this one! May be my best book yet! :-)
Facelift Patrick Swayze is creepy.
Cannot wait to see on
we can try it
Well my 1996 Fat Shats with my 50/50 balls are the magic combo anyway.
I have gotten a great workout this weekend without even hittin the gym. All this walkin, last night in 5in heels n today just on the beach
why you blowin up my twitter feed all the sudden? get to work.
Thanks QM!! I'll take all the good numbers I can get!!
Cop officially hates May Day.
Thanks! The Schwarzschild proton is an intriguing idea that doesn't add up. Physicists face that disappointment all the time.
Or Elton Brand? RT : The EC semis version of "Tracy McGrady still plays? Really?" will be "Tony Battie still plays? Really?"
oh fun :) and yea sure thing!
Made some paper plate awards today. Now I'm all glitter'ed up...this stuff will NEVER come off!
Ciao ciao! “: Abrigado to for the hospitality you showed & I. Be back soon."
Watching Billboards,Great performance ! ^_^ <3'
I see some little snowflakes falling out there...
I have ribbons. Over at Palmer for 10:30 REGP
#HipHopEd () ...prime/diesel like a truck in the eye of the storm/and when I transform / even Michelle Rhee can't stop my
Dinner was great!
I hate when females call me BABE that mean u fucking other niggas...just call me by my name which is BRYAN
I love 😊 She's the best, best friend anyone could ever ask for. God truly blessed my life by putting her in it. #loveher ❤
I know who my vote goes to,so no worries for me in that area.Must keep my priorities in sight right now,delicate time w/Son
it's gonna be only 2 days anyway, so it'll be good to get away and be alone I guess. Thank you! :)
maybe i should try that on okcupid?
Lol true. Can't win every week though. :)
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
RT : Alright, y'all. I've got a free iPad with 's new iPad app on it! RT this 4 a chance to win! ...
I have. I read up on them a while ago but haven't personally used their technology yet
#SouthBeachTow have me rolling...
I love u! You're so sweet <3 love ya! Xoxox:] maybe click my follow button? -> you'll realize my dream
Something I Learned Today, Hüsker Dü kicks off the morning perfectly. Thank you ! Whoa, now Fugazi? Dang, rock this day out the door!
haha too funny
and rocking it #dirty in the Charger
but he's not overly obnoxious. And he's not Telly Hughes.
John Alba, owner of Exhibition Elements, has developed new label holder that u can mount to pedestals, floors, walls, even door jambs!
So Happy V Day and Happy B Day are in order it seems!
It's almost christmas :)
recommend me :)
We are resuming the Region 7 AOS II panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
On in 20 min at Chop Suey.
Ahead at Half Time!!!
Q: What does Maid Marian put on her pancakes? A: May Pole Syrup!
Bought me some Fla-Vor-Ice, I love them!
Might go see the Devil inside me later...where's my cuddle buddy when I need him </3 oh yeah in California :(
Hi world. You don't have to be a RESTifarian if you release an API, but please don't call RPC APIs RESTful! Love, developers.
Wow soft goal
What do you think? First time #SOTG2011 was digital - your thoughts?
Just saw orcas on my to work. How's your commute?
Ike you keep your head up baby boy. You are still one of our best players ever wendell fears
Public reading of NEW play by Janine Salinas 11/28 7:30pm. will be playing a punk rock pixie! Where will u be?
Avengers was choice! Get's the Farraday stamp of approval. Loki rag-doll action!
When girls come up to you and say you look like Tyler Posey
plus me hanging out with you and edsta ! ^-^
Just to know you're mine until the end of time makes my heart skip a beat
got 2 packs of Scooby snacks. i am happy
I would walk through fire just to be with you, there's nothing in the world that I wouldn't do.
its a good look!
ESPN and NFL network dropped the ball they're too busy talking about the bounty suspensions
thank you I know I'm glad you do too :) good work ethic.
Squirrelss are so sexxyyyy. I like the fluffy ones and I use them to whip my butt and take showers with:) !
i'm sure it wasn't that bad
free pizza tonight at our short sales seminar always supporting new ways to eat and buy homes
not true. I was in an IPO with only 15k.
no, but in theme park terms in general, I think it's awesome to have similar rides on both coasts. To put in a Disney
omg I miss blingee. I still make them from time to time.
people have misunderstanding concerning what school libraries are about
#TheOffice is a clutch show to watch!
Happy Mothers Day You deserve a great relaxing day! Follow me? (:
Damn, who's the blonde? lol
RT : Are you a zombie yet?
"A person only dies when the memory of them is gone and that's only on Earth.”
I live for the semanaEND!
I'm sorry to hear that... :( She's in Heaven now, I'm sure
happy social media /rick rac week!
c'mon, the presence of House/Wilson love in an episode is not a spoiler
Baby. We're becoming dads.
You got it!
I know I haven't heard anything about it.
Lol #ISayThatALot even when I'm not laughing
When you start discussing customized sprocs and added parameters, you can take me off the email.
Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty. I say “Are you gonna drink that?
“ ‘...Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit,’ says the LORD Almighty”
As a former West Coast Conference kid, I'm sorry to see that no WCC teams make it past the first round.
do the mybox tshirts ship worldwide?
I wanna thro a house party like on the "Make It Nasty" Video !!(;
But still an AP story. Come on Az Rep send a "beat writer w/ the team.
I just wanna get today over with.
omfg A-Train/Prince Albert is back in !
Wow I lost 600 followers while this account was deactivated
With Santorum gone, it's all Newt Gingrich all the time!
#YouKnowYoureAGymnast when you've got rips so many times it feels normal
“: #NationalCleavageDay happy holidays bitch” lmaoooo i'm dying at the dentist right now
What's going on at #church in #SanDiego this Sunday for #Easter? Where is the place to be & why?
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
You volunteered!!! :) RT : How do I get stuck going to Walgreens and grocery shopping again? Always doing Mom's work. :-)
Wish i had school...got to work for the donuts to send my three children to school! lol Thanks
RT : Earthquake in SF on Earthquake awareness day
seriously has some mad dance skills. If your a dancer you GOTTA watch him on Glee. Uh-MAZING! & Check him on Step up 3d!!!
I'm gonna watch the film "Like Crazy" tonight.
umm the yearbook duh.
you skip the AMA yp happy hour to get luggage from the garbage??? I kid, I kid.
So much talent at the National Prostart Invitational this weekend!
I was on a victorious secret kickball team last summer!!!!
No, lady in Hallmark, these gifts are not for my baby. Liam is turning one, but thanks for telling me I look fat.
It's so nice out today. I actually don't mind going walking in central park again.
HAPPY St. Patricks Day ..but u wont catch me in green im a motherfuckin Lakers fan, we never forget
Thanks for the RT!
25% of US children under the age of 6 in poverty. 1 in 4 infants. Who is talking about it?
Money doesn't buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in my private jet
Happy about and grateful for an evening of talking about designing for good with & So cool and fun.
HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY, CHITOWN!!
RT I wanna sleep al day!
The team are doing some wonderful things at can't wait to be able to share them!
Go insane tonight
This weather is good and all but it's no "amazing chicken"
#toddlers&tiaras that is all.
mothafucka cant you see im talkin on the phone and lookin at the moon;dont be tryina talk to me !
well w her Favre like chip throwing arm didn't make em easy to find!!
It would depend on the librarians. The ones that care about access? Yes. Let me know when, & we'll work it out.
Hello Dylan, thank you for the follow.
Our two favorite Seattle labels:
it's true. really true.
which one did you go to? I heard there's a Mirko in Toco Hills but I saw one on Roswell too. Any good?
#calbaseball - sad days in the pac-10, another #titleIX victim
RT : In addition to our ready to eat empanadas, we will be selling frozen empanadas tomorrow at the Queen Anne Farmers Market!
Yeah…What U Have A Twitter
. is so charitable.
I can see why you would be scared but you can have an intuitive reading to connect with your past & spirit guides.
lol, gets my heart rate up girl! In a good way!
5 minutes into #Moneyball I realized I paid money to watch 2 and a half hours of baseball.
put bike into rack, but the kiosk is down. So now all the kiosks think we have a bike out.
Awe thanks dude you rock!!!
your girlfriend is so lucky!!!!
Freaky! Let's hope this one wouldn't talk :)
love twitter...
u wasn't even following us smh
Canada geese may be a nuisance, but you can't tell me those fluffy goslings I saw on my run this morning were anything but cute.
I hate myself for reading blog.
Book your 5 hour charter and receive the 1st hour FREE...Your Party Bus source for all of your events.
Steve Blake struggling to bring the ball up when mike Conley sticking him.
Ya think?
Get what you can an give the rest to the needy
Update: St. X-Trinity baseball game IS rescheduled for Thursday, but will be played at Slugger Field at 5pm. Monday ticket stubs honored.
Busted Amare's hand too! #RigSoHard RT : tore Derrick's ACL....you're a dick dude
softball game and then and on dancing with the stars...great monday!!!!
LOVE!!! RT : Elephants at the Indy Zoo paint! I wonder if they will be painting at
Wonder who God's rooting for tonight? The Jesus freak or the rapist? Considering the circumstances of Jesus's birth, I say it's the rapist.
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Advisory Extern-Summer 2012 Discover Program & Associate-Federal IT Advisory for KPMG. Deadline to apply: 2/7
No one is original anymore...
Party time with
I can turn on a dime, dear. :-)
why not real checkers not robotic non-human helpers in the F&E RoboStore. Worth a higher bill & F&E 'd provide some jobs?
“ I love my family n i'll do anything for them #FamilyFirst”
#Worldcup Greece B4
. Is this program still going?
Behind almost every woman you ever heard of stands a man who let her down.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. - Michael Althsuler
Feeling pretty contented. Lots to do today, but all of it interesting.
came home to surprise mom for mothers day
Taking flight from the baby bird nest to the world of adult Tweeters! It's great to be able to fly! Wonder what else I can do...hum...
oh stop that' was he drunk?' thing.. who actually cares?!
Somebody buy me some cookies and cream ice cream
It's me & you against the world .
Haha not my cat stole some thongs and brought them in the bed!! Nasty Lil thing!!
I like cats.
we need to speak with you about some cool ideas with our local athletes.
you know it
Cue Beastie Boys music...
Question Of The Day: ("Black Men").
Thank you!
"6 months gone and i'm still reaching even though I know you're not here..."
S/o to my next level niggas...
no doubt. I think the punt game may come in to play in the end, which would be nerve racking after being a spectator for 4Q.
Let's all fight online tonight and forget it happened tomorrow.
breaking: Rangers' Josh Hamilton on pace for 85 homers and 209 RBI cc:
Aloha! Great to hear from you. Bring the tiki cup by anytime for a $5 refill. Have a Maui Wowi Day!
you getting the tix? I definitely can't go Thursday
dude my summer is almost over :((
he wrote and directed the new #avengers movie. It was frickin
haha! Great night regardless- I think NS30 guys might still be in the lot...
DEAL!! Under one condition.. Even if I lose I still get at least a piece haha :P
Any suggestions for a document reader to accompany an APUSH textbook? Starting my wishlist for next year
7:30am flight. Pulling an all-nighter if I still have it in me.
If they mass produce Air Jordans and lower the price, would people still want the sneakers? Would Nike still make a profit?
Its been a real Fu*ked up day .....
"Are you looking for something in particular?" "No, just everything in general." I WILL FOLLOW now on #Netflix, written & dir by
And back to you
Best performances all the way around last night.
now thats a number one fan!!!! WHOAHHHH!!!!!
Oh What a Hike! (sing to the tune of Oh What a Night)
sometimes my memories just eat me alive and i fucking hate it. even good ones #fuckyou #goaway. #leavemealone oh wait
still no takers - no answers on my two over exposed film stars - if I never saw again I would be ok? who are urs? tell me I am curious
My son's prison name would almost definitely be Dirty Ears Gabe.
Tore Debo up
#np Mac miller feat. lil wayne - The question
not this guy but who is on for Thursday/Saturday/Sunday closes?
LOL she tries talking to me in the bathroom & I always ignore her & she sent it to a BUNCH of 8th grade guys .
hmph i miss mi babes even tho she stil kinda mad at me : /
You are doing a fantastic job with rumplestilskin / Mr.gold on #OnceUponATime . My wife and I love your character.
haha so calling me stupid now are we? Haa I kidss
I hate Michigan State, but I like the pick! Worthy is a beast when he wants to be
#YouCuteAndAll but you've fucked me over one too many times
yea XD the girl didn't notice but my teacher did my teacher is funny XD
Thanks to for the glorious following! Much appreciated!
UPDATE 2-GM passes on running TV ads during 2013 Super Bowl
Hi Joe! Yesterday was a bit crazy, sorry. Re: your Apple TV, where are you stuck?
I definitely will
oh, dem's fightin' words! You know what this means, right? I'm putting you on the program for next year...
I do not send spam, please let me know if you are receiving any from my account. I will work to fix this problem today.
a charter high school in NE Philly. Right by Franklin Mills...I'm so excited!
Hell yea..so just wear lacoste & you should be good.
it's her instagram
Finally going to bed after reading more of Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn. This book is freakin' nuts awesome. It's that good. Nitty nite.
YES!!! i don't have to clean his garage...i'm gon miss that money though...but it's all good...
feel free to bring some lunch to my house...a brotha is starving haha
READY FOR THE WORLD
Safely back in the country I choose to call home, the good ol USA! I do love England and it was a great trip but it feels good to be back.
RT : Heard on the streets of Raleigh: #FriAt5 is at this week. Big crowd expected for
forever getting shot down.. ):
and just like that one goal made all the difference. it's shitty they scored right when man u had thought they won
FREE TAN IN ANY LEVEL to the first 5 retweets!!! Good today only!
difficult 2 kill stuff on the walk when u wear a muzzle. frustrated.
yeah, but i thought he was in remission or at least, I didn't realize the cancer regenerated. so sad.
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : We're hitting up the coolest tea spot on the planet. here we come!!!
I cried when Jack died in Titanic
So many things happening this wknd! Flower Mart today; Takoma house tour, Taste the World Fenton Village Sunday; +houseguests.
It's because we are just that cool! (; #Directioners right here
Love Can Make You Feel Like You're In Heaven But It Can Hurt Like Hell!
Y Living: Don't sacrifice proper form if you read/watch videos while you work out. Yr best bet is to place reading materials at eye level.
Shouts to one of the hardest working cats in the game.Homie is true to what he do! Salute my nigga!!!
Lol. RT : Have you heard of the new incubator in town? Y Hunger Games Combinator. Only one startup will make it out.
Oh legal and social media. This is gonna be good...
Ok seriously it was funny the first 3 times. Screw you
Drinking so much black coffee, everyone thinks you're going to grow chest hair.
The lights would go off at work smh
we need to win a game
I never said I was a Colts fan, I was only fond of them because I was a #PeytonManning fan. And next year it'll be a new team
Johnny's a boss
- just got a compliment on both Goedhart & DLD Syrahs. "best labels ever"
What up Pretty long time huh
Watchin Cars 2 with my little man :) it's been a whole kj and Mimi night! This kid is my entire world.
Hey #whendiditbecomecool to wear jean shorts?
And spandex
“: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets. #whiskey #swanson”
I studied 5 out of 50 words. My reward is sleep.
Sitting in "pro's come home" presentation with Budding journalists love pizza.
For you, for me, come crash into me baby.
Gut check win Cats.
I have the strange feeling you're losing intrest...
Funny how I seem to get a lot of work done from 1:00 to 4:00 in the morning
please tell me you are going to video tape McChesney tomorrow...
Just got 3 new pairs of shoes!! Jackpot!
its good to hear u don't allow those stereotypes to color ur appreciation of women
Dr Delia of Delray Beach is our answer to Dr OZ! Lets talk about TE
Any have any good follower recommendations for me? Looking to follow some new people.
yeah i kept scrolling down my TL and saw it...
Wow did that annoy me
first RT. heck yes.
Like when u were here,love them shoot first PGs! : My lil bro monte Ellis traded to Milwaukee. What y'all think about that???
People are doing some cool stuff with Node.js. Time for me to start learning.
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
soaking up the New Mexico sun...........listening to the birds tweet.......tweet tweet
20 odd yrs later and i'm still listening to George Best and Seamonsters. Educating my Wisconsin family on Yorkshire music!
Why do u need help?....
Also, not sure what's going on out there on the streets, but be safe in LA if you're on the road.
in the time this Nationals game has been delayed, Kevin Na could play one hole of golf. OK, maybe two.
What can I say? I'm a genius :)
Really Like my new LG Ally...
Lavender oil helps relieve headache pain and promote restful sleep. Run it on under your nose to help relieve stress.
A great website to use if you are currently trying to create an elevator speech for your interviews
I never seen an old white guy riding wit rims till today
I love owning the ability to make any article of clothing I want!! All I need is a picture ~8-P
Where the hell is my mom anyway... ._.
How you likin' it?
hmm, im gonna try it
ok and im glad i could make ur night at least i could make 1 lady happy
lol aye we good on this side but imma be in the Johnston county area this weekend for spring break tho wut yall gon be doin?
diamonds rain across the sky,shower me into the same realm...calculate our embrace....Hold On!!!come with me now..........
That's it! Portland you can go away now
If I was going to sign a Former bust #1 NBA draft pick to a 1 year $7 mill contract, I'd call Michael Olowokandi before Kwame Brown!
thanks for the RT~ see you at the library! :)
And very sad.
Driver Ed In A Box is the most ridiculous thing i ever herd of! I feel bad for Texas people trying to get a learners permit hahaha
I might start my own tv reality show. How many of you want to watch me while I use the computer all day, and while I also watch tv all day?
We're just 1hr away from our Talk featuring an Out of Fashion makers panel and a special performance of "slipped slip." Not to miss!
I can't figure out my life. I just know I have to be thankful for what I have. I don't want to lose it!
I never know what is talking about, but I always laugh at the awesome absudity of it.
Dr. Berry is hilarious, what a talent
RT McDonald's is giving out FREE breakfast to students taking the FCAT this morning ! Good luck on the test , students! ~99Jamz
haha that is awesome!
To win, we have to lose.
thank you...Just sharing our passion with you, amazing people :)
Doing laundry with Skype.
Just left home of 90-year old who was excited to support for Mayor. At least my fifth trip to college area!
Boneshakers bicycle club tonight!!!! Come see some indie fun loving folk collide with s. african reggae
I love listening to R&B that's always been my thing
We will be OPEN on Memorial Day from 8am-4pm
big game for the Horns tomorrow vs ASU. Hookem!
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!! And fathers who play the mother role!
That's just sad. But isn't that "journalism" today?
Icing my elbow. I just need a new one.
Fuck You Very Much!
Just wanted to say Thank You Mr. President
what documentaries did you watch? I'm always looking for recommendations for my classes.
I wanna go to #Denver nd see my dad :/ Meh. P.L.U.R.<3
love = pain
in denial :-)
I thought tre wanted them on the show?
stop with the okays!
Watching a great webinar on list building with Michael Gunn. Great info. I'm also getting personal coaching from Micheael.
Watching adam sandler christmas
No dudes, it's cool. You should take some more time off. RT : Green Day announces three albums
My dick just sneezed, can I be your hero.
Laurinaitis & Lesnar set this shit up... They're not slick... John, we seen you leave the ring immediately during the fight.
The best way to break out of writer's block is lateral thinking, and few things stimulate lateral thinking better than iTunes U lectures.
he's already more personable then Sam Horn ever was
Sorry, you seem to be mistaken... /cc
After a huge fuss trying to get it out earlier, the baby raccoon in our wall is being louder than ever. Let's hope for success tomorrow.
... and thats because? RT : White girls follow me on twitter I don't follow back.
S/O to these followers: :P
Mine To(: I Just Never Had The Courage To Sing In Front Of Anyonee...!!
Hi, have you ever read Charles Stross, he wrote the Merchant Princes series. I am slowly working my way through them.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh:LCD Replacement of Gateway Laptop
Oh yea and they followback by the way
Feel like I'm drowning without your love...
being a fat as foe the day.
Hahaha I'm playing
Damn, I haven't flared up on my mom like that in I minute. I'm sorry mom, glad things calmed down quick tho, were getting better...
I assume that your account has been compromised, as I just received a "LOL look at UR crazy pix" DM from you. Rum luck.
We have rescheduled the Greenroom show to Feb 3rd with the Robert Fortune Band
If I had my life to live over, I'd dare to make more mistakes next time
LCAN/CPV at Madonna University - "College access is really about social responsibility and equality. "
Now, between packing & painting, I am in the studio the rest of the day. Rarely am I so stationary a target; tweet, txt, or call
thanks Alex :) you too ;)
Over 6-wks now since our LASTcomplaint on not receiving gift card. Once again, U told us we'd recieve it & we did not. Respond!
Crowds gathering at Somers HS for Westchester budget hearing. Good to see so many who care so much
I may see you here then!
Belly starts bubbling after I get out the shower
Sick of this yet? ...2847564823378678316527120190914564856692346034861045432 6648213393607260249141273724587006606315588174881520920...
that was a wild "hail Mary". Stanwick caught and finished.
I guess my 3 yrs old son, has a massive attitude....
me acabo de parar desubicada is 5am had A dream with dogs and checked it online... Weird stuff came out :( Im so sad..
I think 1st we need to change stdnt mindset that learning comes from teachers; once they take ownership we can assess differently
Do you live in the Third Ward?
I'm not guru but do you have a URL for the blog and a sample image?
and the day is still going
Enjoying my beautiful day even more now, ha!!
#YouNotUglyBut your upper lip need that touch up one time.
bring back van Gundy
Thank you ! And thanks for being a great host for our off-site meetings.
Kobe! That was filthy. #Lakers #NBAonABC There goes Kob
I want an uncle like, Uncle Jesse from #FullHouse :3 He's purrrrfect! ^.^
we end June 4. We go back August 27
Thinking about why I've called Mabel Byrd a race-conscious internationalist instead of a black Marxist or radical internationalist.
looking for best specials just for you!
Has anyone tried the new Pink Chance by Chanel? I love the original one it's def a fav!
Ours through Overstock. Live in TX, $250 gc shipped to NY after got $10 test. # was stolen somewhere - never used on Overstoc
. is in the kitchen making brussels sprouts for an afternoon snack, and using the funniest old-lady curse words.
I drink my coffee black.
hahaha I'd say that puts you right up there with MLK
got your back bro
No girl could resist this line: RT Is your name 'Obliviate' or are you just naturally mind-blowing? HP7
Playing the Roxy in Los Angeles, California tonight! Come chill.
Hey From wat part of puertorico are u and ur mom if know ? cuz im from p.r anasco so just wonderin hope u anser lov david
On our way to Brentwood! 210 Westwood Place is the place to get the best country fixins in Nashville! May you have a blessed day :)
its not a hacker. It's spam... I got like 50 of them from other people
Sorry it helps me sleep
Headed to the chi opening! Can't wait to see!
Giving away another free shaker cup today! True or False: Eating certain berries may help decrease blood pressure.
Dinner tonight is grilled steaks, scalloped potatoes, lemon dill green beans and chopped salad.
nice! Whats the record time?
That awesome moment when you and your best friend say the exact same thing at the same time xD
National Student Association Extends STEM Opportunities for Middle School Students
nice to meet you!
Hello all #cherryblossom folks visiting thanks for coming by to brunch all 200 of you!Now who's up for steak&delirium tremmons on the patio?
. Bottom line...no cost to taxpayer. Aw... give the pilot a break.
Nice that umpires were included in Dodgers purchase.
missed what Hoggy said. Did he say that Black Caviar would get beat today?
Got an open slot available at the Rox Box in Roxborough this Wednesday. Any interested bands please hit us up!
I remember when I met JohnjayVanEs last yr & he went threw my cell n found NUDE pics of a married man
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Congrats chior for getting distinguished todayy ! (: thanks for being such a good teacher !
Like that's ever really mattered.
I so wanna key his car!!!!
The national average teacher salary is 120.2%. Rhode Island is the highest (135.9%).
I learned today that I pretty much accept defeat at the hands of
Getting $40 worth of One direction magazines>
In honor of earth day, I plan on mowing my lawn.
Never seen Sodium melt. Burns hot and bright when heated. Cartoon could be a good discrepent event if followed by demo.
they played it once, and it was awesome.
6 pages in 4 hours. get at me let's go home now.
very cool. Appreciate the response too. Love the product. Working on rolling out to the rest of my company as well!
Find the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while. and she will be loved.
Will I be seeing you this Saturday at Mr. Romzek's show? :)
didn't u start prop d? Flip flipping later
I was stacking up 's book MEAT HEART tonight & the sky opened & God came down & she said "Well done good and faithful servant"
Geeze louise is it even possible for John Mayer to put out a bad song?
So cute!
Panama wants 1D 
I'm not going to hold it against you this time.
Thanks for the example. How do you choose which content to put there?
Participant at Conference: Dale Cressman from
bubba said he was tired all last week
wen he go to court.
Shoutout To My Cool New Followers -
“Go out into the world and do good until there is too much good in the world.” Larry H. Miller- businessman, philanthropist
Social media day? Isn't that kind of like having "breathing day" ?
askin someone WHY they love you is one of the dumbest questions ever , from what ive learned . let em show u , so u wont have to question
it must be a lebanese thing...
19 of school days left!!
Hope all is well bro. Don't get yourself killed chasin' tornados.
Gov't tried to say I was dodging paying income taxes, I countered that I offered to pay more than what was due and they declined..
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle. ~ Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programmers.
we'll always have Stuffies. Or is it Stuffy's? I call it delicious. And cheap.
Just voted!
we miss you at RD! let's do a happy hour or something soon!
2011 wasn't that bad of a year. Now let's make 2012 even better!
Wheelwright on his decision: 'Everything was real nice. It seemed like they really wanted me to come and I was really appreciative of that'
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
I've been betrayed and violated, how dare you invade commit such a crude act wit somethin that wasn't yours. Homewrecker.
lol fuck it I still wanna go! I'm like superman, bullets can't do nothing to me. 😃
#GoodMorning Espresso. Let's start this day off right!
No video cam allowed but would love twit-heads in nyc to join us at our 'graduation ceremony' Thur,Apr5,7-8pm.90Lafayette Street near 6train
Life is too short to remove USB safely
CALPELRA Great. Pension Debate
trying to remember the last time I ate cheese
Ordered another case. Seriously out of control. rocks my socks. Wish they had multigrain on AMZN... Hint hint :)
did using the caps too long put u to sleep? Lol
That awkward moment when your "friends" don't invite you to something. Those bitches.
send the questions to me again, sorry -
yeah! maybe pre-drinking cocktail bar weekly suggestions :)
Headed to New Orleans
Nice work on your new website!
I meant take, lol. Come TAKE shots!
Pandas are no good for city dwellers. I request a baby sea otter on the tiniest leash.
shoot me a DM with your email and I'll get in touch
My daughter had 1 cavity & they filled it n, she said they told her she can eat candy now,lol!!! I kno they didn't say that not the dentist
So don't say that you just want to run away.
Congrats to - she's running for miss California USA!!!!!
Check it out! Got great stuff up! Promos of and some sweet Graphics of ! Check them out!
I'm glad you are comforted by being surrounded by other crazies wanting to walk 40 miles :)
"Mind Your Business" interview with Social Media Master, Kenny Silva
Kim K is just a fucking slut that likes black dick up her ass....
Thank you! The Lonsberry show rocks the airwaves!
I just DM'd you. Hit me back!
Let's Go Giants! Send the dirty birds back down south for winter!
your daddy say we runnin a 5K
yeah, you know not every author has their facts straight before writing their story. I blame the publisher lol
Uh, I'd be in? And yeah, free from the 21st to...haven't bought a return ticket yet, possibly staying till New Years
how rude.... does he say thank you?
yes I agree!
im suree ill run into ya soon;)
Is 'epic' the most overused word in English? I've never been more tired of hearing a single word.
#Blackboard. My fav feature R9.1-better integration bw Course and Content system via Course Files. "Your Window into Content Collection"
And it's for my #Evicted story! Will post. RT : I'm thoroughly giddy right now... I just got to write a blog while at work!
OH THANKS HALEY. 
So much on my mind I just can't recline. Breath in …
What's brown & sticky? A stick.
I guess they didn't have the answers.
Hardin was rated that because he didn't play the 2011 season.
"when life got hard I would go and stand on my two-by-two feet of grass and find comfort..." p,116
That's fantastic! Thanks for sending it along, and have a wonderful holiday weekend! Miss you!
How are you guys doing? Thanks a million for putting my song in rotation! You rule!
Sadly, the weekend is coming to an end...going back home.
yay! Thanks for visiting. Try those Diablo Rellenos. Yum!
lol "Lemme tell ya something about crunch..."
hopes that everyone affected by the #earthquake on the east coast is safe.
Wish I had a coupe the color of mayonnaise
good idea
Some people are so stupid it makes me laugh.
angie the new dog is ok. she has fear of driving in the car. but she likes coming home.
#LMSunSIG analytics 2 wks after class starts students get formative survey for online and hybrid classes
SPAM MY Kik! My Username Is CollinsCold
It's 's birthday today. So why is it that being seen on her arm feels like a present for me?
please follow me it would make my day!:)
we'll miss you Saya! You always bring a great vibe with you when you're here. :) ^ag
I hate when that happens -_-
I love you my TriggaBooBear 💋💗😘💘
Q: Vision for ?
The peoples' republic of Casiotone.
what I thought!
I'm all for extending the baseball season. Let them play 440 games a year, triple headers and whatnot.
Look forward to talking ginger RT : Next month we will be talking about ginger! Come back &amp; chat on June 6th at 1p!
Fun Day today at school!!
same here
I am totally laughing...because it is so true
I'm going to play as Justin. I will be guest star on the show. :) ": who do you play on Kickin it?"
YOU'RE BEING BLESSED RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES (Ezek 36: 23-27) The Lord wants to be your only God and He gave you a NEW HEART! #Sir Court
After meeting with I realize that a Big Breakfast + Grace Conversations = The FULL Gospel
Laying in bed & thinking about everything is always the worst. #wishin'icouldsleep.
#Facebook is for friends that are now strangers... #Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
WHY IS MY ROOM SO COLD
it's in development now and coming soon! stay tuned!
That video is so long!!!
THE TIP I'M ON RIGHT NOW....IS IF YOU NOT MY FAMILY OR I DIDN'T KNOW YOU FOR YR'S FUCK YOU!!!!! <3
OMFG!!!!!! :O i finally reached 203 followers!!!! THNK YOU SO MUCH <3
Happy birthday to Mr. John Frusciante.
deep in the recesses of the amber fogged recollection of the adolescent mind
I know spring training is meaningless but these #Tigers games r fun listening to. Only 1 loss so far!
Welcome to Sactown! Cannot wait to see you playing for our !!! And when your in downtownSac, stop by our shop!
Santa's gotta big red cherry nose. I'VE gotta big red cherry nose. Santa's got a bowlful of jelly as a tummy. So do I. Sheeot! Cardio time.
im pretty deep.
Headed south to Brownsville, TX this weekend! It's pretty much Mexico, so I'm saying, VAMOS!
Puerto Rican Folkloric - 10th YEAR ANNIVERSARY SHOW: Aguacero, La Mixta and Quenepas at La Peña Cultural Center, Berkeley, December 18th...
I'm not in to the trends today...might try something new
“: Happy bday to my main Manz 🎁🎁🎉🎈🎉🎉”Good Look We Down Da Nuts Tonight
after 7 weeks of board meetings, un conferences, pressers and more - i am home.
aint that the truth!
This game is ridiculous..
RT I think won the highway food fight... We will have to destroy them later!
attn:twitter spammers; i give up.
thanks, same to you! Happy Tweeting
It's true, the packers always do that, do not think for a second the pack don't want Jermichael.
I Hate When Niggaz Act Irreplaceable
So cool! I hope to be an academic one day...its my dream haha
Find our how our majors define us (and how they don't).
"He was one of those guys that had that weird light around him. You just knew he wasn't going to get so much as a scratch out here."
": S/o to Ministries of the Holy Spirit and Ques Venues for letting me grace the stage tonite! The Spirit was on fye!" & so were u!
" work is for jerks" lol. Sounds like we missed the partay in ALB...
Ohh, yah, that would be bad....
Fuck you mother nature, fuck you.
As an artist it is central to be unsatisfied! This isn’t greed, through it might be appetite. -Lawrence Calcgno
John Henry Newman~ The world is content with setting right the surface of things.
It's part of mine *now*, at any rate. :D
What Suits Celebs Best Of All? Look at the best outfits ever
oh yes!
I once heard a homeless man recite Emily Dickinson. Verbatim. No book. No paper.
btw did you FB me ? not sure.
History state test tomorrow&I can't make my self study! 👩🔫
Nope. I'm on the radio. Jake is trying not to fall asleep at a rest stop. Gahhhhh
Developing the Insight Survey has reminded me "None of us is as smart as all of us". Thank you for all your input
It seems like "awesome" is, thus far, the word of the day.
Can you imagine what a World Series parade would look like in San Francisco? The city of flair and festivals :)
listen to you or listen to them?
Thank you for the interview. Pleasure to meet you and happy birthday!!!
check out my baseball podcast
We are different songs written by the same artist...let the melodies play
I love you so much!!
Looking forward to a "Day of Discovery" at
i will do! have a nice time at your gig x
haha sometimes I hate it
I look like a fucking eight year old with no hair on my lip -___-
with milk, would not have it any other way!
Thanks to all who came out for today's conversation about collecting undergrad research!
Mom: "Be safe!" ... Me: "No mom, I was actually planning on dying today
thanks for the reply. i've started to keep a food journal so i can look back at what foods/combos cause issues for me.
Steve Harvey! Okay, It's impressive to have written a best seller, but who nominated Steve as the voice of reason in our relationships?
twitter is fun! you will figure it out :) have a great day!
Love and Hip Hop lets go! Team Christie!
Dry and mild but a bit breezy Monday. And temperatures are warming up for the start of the work week.
How in the nm of God's littlegreenapples does the temp jump 18 deg. while blinking? I'm waitin outside 4 family Christmas
thank you (:
Senator Blakeslee asking CTA Advocate Rucker about the differences between conduct that is unprofessional or immoral or serious/egregious...
gooooooaallll One for the ages Man U stick a fork in them. I can't believe I'm rooting for Man City like they were Chelsea haha
I just think the Alamo owner is a little hypocritical getting uppity about the sanctity of the movie-going experience
Jean Chatzky on the Today show says if you go to a debt consolidation company for help it will not show on your report WTF Stupid woman
G'morning how r u doing babe? Have a beautiful day!
Iam STILL ON MY J,0,B..DON'T GET IT TWISTED..BEEN ON HARD GRIND MODE..SHOT'S FLY OUT TO MAKE SURE U CHECK OUT THE SHOW.
There is a TON of great stuff! 6400 sq ft! We've got some great Mid-Century Mod furniture pieces that I may just have to take home! ;)
I'm in the process of putting together some films & programs right now. Send me your email though because help will be needed.
I love the crazy target lady, she makes me smile
We all forgot about the senior class picture haha
nothing better a clean bike and no particular place to go!
wishing wishing upon a star i know its crazy but please PLEASE let me see One Direction in person before I die. i know its impossible but pl
OMG guys, Target came out with new clothes and I remembered I have a vagina.
Every time we plan a reading, there's a moment of deliberation about how we could get you there.
FREE LAP DANCES TODAY from NOON to Midnight! Just stop by the GOLD CLUB for a FREE RIDE with our SEXY LADIES!
I don't hate you :)
some what pumped for tomorrow. been a while since i've hit someone in the face.
You be careful out there! No texting and driving! lol
I really want butterfinger ice cream. and vanilla frosting. but I don't feel like going to the store.
Dear Lord protect me while I drive, Amen
friday morning, u wanna join me in a cafe then? New year plans?
my bars got swagger
I saw your time, holy crap you were really moving!! Good job!
Let the Tweets begin! I liked the simplistic Miranda and Blake rendition of America the Beautiful
Dancing with the Staaaaaaaaaaaaarssssssss
Cant wait! RT On the 29th I start my first day as a full time Junior Designer and Developer at … ^_______________^!!!!!
Of those 34.9 million women, 10.7 million were in the labor force (working or looking for work)
I'm at the gym fat I'll play you tomm
We're officially jam-packed - standing room only for #EnticeJazzbah!
keepinging in mind all of these "theories" are european centered and totally out of our "range"... thankfully. Lol
I got 6.7feet tall gift delivery at work today. Awww!!!
i wish you were here....
Oh those heartbreaking Red Sox...
TGIW.......IS THERE ROOM 4 LONG TERM RELATIONSHIPS N THIS LIFE......
Try the What the Font? app. It should help you out.
Don't rethink-great dress!
In a good way....a very encouraging series of things....nevertheless...message received loud and clear.
head hurting and not feeling good today... someone come take care of me and bring me food!!!
Dog barking furiously outside exam window- that's gotta help the concentration
Check out on at 9pm est! Miami's hottest radio station! We are on our way!
hahahaha. wait.. you're a freshman, too?!?!?!?!
MAKIN SUM CRAZY BEATS HIT ME UP!
NF (Smiles n waves)
At lunch, ionly buy the popsicles to read the joke on the stick after your done..<3 hahaha!
is he ok
you're welcome :)
Hello Mrs. Davis...I am a songwriter looking to set up a meeting to meet with you about my career...
on da real
Great day with my momma bear
#HowMadYouGetWhen No one has texted you all day, then you realize your phones been on Airplane mode -__-
Jus finished reading!! :)
All airports should offer free, FULL access wifi. Thank you (cc )
happy birthday girl! I miss you & love you. Hope to see you tonight :)
May is going to be the longest month ever!
Bought my boo a lil gift 😚
You moist bro?
really interesting article. It's good that he could turn all that around in a positive way.
What?!?!?! That's great! You'll have to fill me in...
Oh Nice! But I have 'The Thrill of it All' 4 cd box set. Do I need more?
So hungry right now and I need some coffee.
Amber!!!! Happy Mother's Day!! :)
I agree such a dope song!
my kids are into #planking. this ish is too funny!
Gallery Night pick: at ICC in the 3rd Ward
What a beautiful day for FISHING!!!
I hate subs. Especially this one. So annoying
just a 72.7 winning percentage under
thanks! European, can't narrow it down any more since I took a variety of courses. Early Modern-ish in terms of chronology
More than 50 vendors featured at craft show at Ninth Grade School today
TY for following back!
RT : Lets go, Coyotes!
Thanks for the #FF!
I just want this class to be over
Coming to the Stage Fri. & Sat.- WAILIN' MAILMAN BUCK HILL W/ BOB BUTTA, NASAR ABADEY,CHENEY THOMAS. Tickets Now On Sale. www.TwinsJazz.com
I love twitter during award shows :D
pizzicato adverb if you play a stringed instrument pizzicato, you play it by pulling the strings with your fingers instead of using the bow
I come from the hood where the hammers be ...
agree - however Like A Prayer is mild in comparison to whatever that was. What were they thinking?
i was too busy talking to everyone to really get a chance to drink very much. annoying.
Life in the frozen tundra also known as #buffalo has it advantages like an unlimited supply of #snowcones for free lol
come through anytime
lol need to throw party lol
"What does it mean to be accessible?" Subways and even hotels still aren't truly accessible for disabled people.
The road to Austin is paved with irie vibrations
#typeyournamewithoutvowels is Y a vowel?? If not LYD L PL if it is cause I remember sing 'sometimes Y after A E I O U'... LD L PL
ur avi is so. Super star ☀♦♥
Celebrating the green? How do you jump into spring with this great weather? #outdoors, #hiking, #cookout,
LinkedIn Group Search: This Week in Social Media
Hope Big Baby don't cry tonight when the Magic are sent home by the Pacers. I bet he will.
First rule of survival in the desert. Walk away from water.
I love the environment and all but the feeling of paper straws gives me the serious willies
i will marry him.
#sdp2p keynote Lisa Nichols: “This is where the beginning is for someone.”
That's why I told you that you aren't first in saves. I claim the worm on this realization - noticed it at 8:30.
My daughter picked up this 1986 book about "Matter" from the library that has the most zen definition of Space ever: (cont'd) - DvL
I didn't know was a red sox fan lol
Enjoyed fantastic craft beers during the Craft Brewers Conference in Chicago, courtesy of Pete w/ICBG, John w/ Chi. Beverage Systems & RBG
All you are required to do in this life, is your part which is to believe and take actions to #manifest your desires into realities!
“: I'm not lazy, I'm highly motivated to do nothing.”
WHEN is your next ORLANDO Concert?????? I can find any tour info :(. want to see u again!!! U where sick met @ ur bus (:
#truth If your not following you must be #deaf. Voice of angel. So #follow and open your ears.
Just heard that there was a '414' tattoo occurrence on #MilwaukeeDay414 !! Our hearts are full of pride.
Maria Brenes of says all schools should be safe and supportive; type of place where we would send our own kids.
any doa5 today? :]
Watch this 4-minute NBC news story on a boy w/ #autism using iLs at his school bit.ly/eBVsp7
#HookEm (and thanks for the memories)
i love you :*
Yes!! They do. RT : Today's small goal: relax. Things have a way of working out.
"Believe in love. Believe in magic... Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?" -Jon Bon Jovi
I use Visio and have been happy
I don't believe so. Fill me in..
Good morning! Hope you're having a fun-filled Saturday!
BEst quote EvEr: The glorious orgy known as American capitalism - American Dad we were just saying.. bout that.. Ha
Awesome :) So, whats the current project you're working on now at ?
Thanks for the RT Gene!!
Time to take over the world, Brain?
why do you need to know? Do you not have a boyfriend and are seriously hoping to get lucky?
I have been trying to get Attention for 5 years now. Did it happen ? No -__- ~2008-2012 Thats a long time =]
Facebook debuts what they call Timeline, the story of your life
thanks for RT's and favorites ;) I <3 that quote! Good morning world!
oh of course not, obviously its natalie
Category 4-B Winner is Mark Leshock
Oh, that bar doesn't show up on my iPad/safari.
ATTENTION BANDS! NEED PROMOS?LIVE SHOTS?LOGOS?DESIGNS? HIT ME UP! LEGIT PRICE!
For first-time ever Memorial Project is done as a video documentary: a compilation of stories from districts across CA!
never cease to stop growing
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they can't trust.. period.
My Mom Changed the plans she don't want to go to the beach she wants to go to the pool
Anyone seeing any hail or winds in these storms today?
Hey love. What it do?
were sorry  but we have many more to come! Details soon 
In context of the $99 Lumia 900, I presume.
Thank you for everything and for the mention, Tim! :) I'm proud to be a Challenge Student for sure.
I hope he hurries up i dont wanna b late for school!
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Ron Washington appears like he's going to let Oganda lose this game.
Thanks for the follow! Do you work for the Royal Oak Daily Tribune too?
I take it you don't like him either. Not surprised. RT : z
What's on tap for today? Chaucer!
Take her home complete her den iskeet her nd delete her..
yeh, up here now.
stress is getting to me
Studies show eMenu can increase sales up to 135%. We confident our eMenu at Infinity menu can match that number!
good morning! x
ok good :) Hope they consider it .. so much they can do with it..
Prince Sports, Bordentown maker of tennis rackets, declares bankruptcy
Already did!! <3
The ability to finish around the basket is an art....many ways to go about it but something that is mastered through hours of practice.
Love this. RT: i dont know whats fair anymore, but i do know things are always better when the right folks are closer. cc
no appeals=more $$ for drinks/snacks RT : : US Equest Fed keeps bag of cash so can file appeal
None-It'd be hypocritical, as our policy is technically 'no food OR drink.' Was an electric kettle, I'm told, but before my time.
Congrats Joe! Looking forward to seeing the project.
Why these Memphis people always claim they in china
same mane .... Finishing up school
I blew it up, I can't make out any discernible info.
Creative Cloud/CS 6 was announced today. Seems to be more tweets about how messed up the non-US pricing than any else though.
I think I want ice cream at all points of the day. This might be a problem.
Who ever first wrote "Happily Ever After" at the end of stories must have been a real smug asshole.
I dont get why so many people i know are smoking hookah when they know Chris and know he died from lung cancer..
": Women who strive to be equal to men lack ambition. -Anonymous"
#Rangers sure do love to give me at least one heart attack per game. Way to be #NYR!
We were feelin' the burn today! Nice Job this morning!
Making God's perspective My perspective through Faith - Believe what He said not what you see!
Why are walsh classrooms so frickin hot?
Upgrade your poker set for the new year!! up to 75% poker chip sets, tables, cards, and accessories! www.eproducts4less.biz
There goes my baby
Why bar Chelsea fans?
Good luck tonight!
thank you!!!
I'm speechless....my Heat team is in TROUBLE!!
Why must I be stuck at work…
jamming to my babies while doing my hw :]]
Lord no... Not Lisa! I'm really pulling for He's impressed me the most. Penn was my early fave... sad he's gone!
no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees, no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees
cannot stop thinking about today's purchases from !
The lady at the bk lounge didn't tell me to have a good day, which always means it's gonna be a shitty one.
Define "elite media," Speaker Gingrich,
I am watching a yacht fight.
I love it!
vs. your ideas coming into play after critical decisions about functionality have already been made by c-level/mktg/prod types
this girl wont fuckin leave me alone
awww yes he is adorable Katie
Freedom is not a license to do everything..
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell in love with you.
Yay Teen Tech Trends! Going to pretend I'm a teen librarian for the afternoon!
Thank you BOTH for sharing! :) RT : thanks for the RT!
can we see the replay please?
I have the worst luck w flights. Most likely styck in orlando over night
RT : Looking forward to checking it out. Thank u blessings
Can't wait to blow my candles out RT Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off
Haha. It's gonna be a rough week :/. Maybe Kitna will learn how to stay off his back and avoid Matthews.
Can't wait to move to nc so I can get back On east coast time zone again
purrrrfect napping weather 💤☔☁
Copiers Refurbished Explains How to Extend the Lifespan of Copiers
is a bright sun ray even in the darkest storm to guide Victorians to success.
noo she doesn't she might be commin home this summer though!
Isn't the account also still in existence?
tick tick tick tick....... goes the clock, its almost slap bet time!
I absolutely LOVED this guide You have revealed very useful information that is needed to set up and profit from a record label
How do you get rid of your stress?
Cant wait for the rematch!!!
Gen 4:2 KJV And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Two days since I finished the first draft of this novella. I'm afraid to look at it again, but it's not going to edit itself.
Hi Jessica! i didn't get the DM, but maybe you forgotted-ed. We got some cool stuff coming up!
RT , my golf coach, featured on ubersense's TechStars demo day I love when worlds collide. pic.twitter /XiUX8DXi
Everyone knows that's on Sunday's is when it cracks ;p
Post birthday
M ice cream - getting a sweet tooth again lol - FISH TACOS!!!
Satellite of love
Most of Portland is dry now...most
You have a Ferrari... $13.25!
Have you tried changing the locks? RT : I would do anything to be alone in my house for 24 hours.
Why do I leave the house in a white shirt without a tide pen?! Time to consider an intentional spill to hide the stain?
At a free autograph singing in Whitfish Bay at PNC bank for and he shows up late, not only that but un a limo... Really!?
Traffic in #dmv is killing me
i might have like a get together for me and janelles birthday ;)
Wife just texted me drive slow - cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Trying to keep that sneaky tree away from you? :)
is he confirmed in or out?
haha yes! lets
yeah we had a BBQ for her and got her some perfume :)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been very nice with Andy dalton.
Now #New_Moon was amazing! I highly recommend it to everyone!
Here go the cheerleaders!
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30 for the 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION of 's with guest performers Santita Jackson,...
portable hard drive started clicking. trouble is, I can't remember if there's anything on it I want to save.
: Who needs a #vacay when you've got a good tan and #USF Strat Comm?
Great day in Iredell!!! Thanks to all my supporters and volunteers. I was overwhelmed by your support!!
Omg im dreading going to work -_-
For real RT : If you keep it real you don't have announce it , your actions will show chill out , aha
Dude, I hate Duke more than anyone. But they're like a scary undead monster. Greatest win ever by a team with shit brown uniform?
That's unfortunate, - if #DC wants to be a world-class city, #SMB owners (especially #DCfood) have to take world-class risks.
shopping for our dutch door. any recommendations on where to look??
Sharon is Karen.
#FF more radio friends
RT : I'm looking forward to supporting Susan G. Komen for a Cure this Friday night at Crave downtowns' event....
Two #auditions squeezed into one crazy day makes this girl happy!
I won't say class ;) but what a great time! Jim, his wife and I were blown away! Can't wait for the next one.
We have over 4,000 online #ReadyForTheRush RT Gotta start looking for an ugly Christmas sweater
I'd marry Mac Miller.
Happy heart day to you all too! May your heart be full today and all year long!
The look on Jennings face
I did not know that. I'm a NOLA native ... have a great time!!!
Setting a revenue goal to high when you first start your business can be demoralizing because most likely you will not hit in the short term
Thinking "Year of Living Dangerously" is due for a update based upon events in the fertile crescent.
What happened to the Cuban version that was supposed to open?
Signed up for Etsy today. This might be trouble.
": Baked potato soup for #mondayfunday tonight!! Delicious! Also talls for smalls nom nom" cookies sound good
where's it goin down today.?
Not Jews or liberals behind all media. IT'S THE HOTEL INDUSTRY LOBBY. At least all media concerned with radio rap.
hahaha!!! I was able to push him out of the way. Bus kept on going and Greg's still breathing. L0L!
im not watching them again andy reid's gone
thanks for passing along Polly's coupons - we love pie!
ha bouncing around in a van!! Great visual :)
this dallas vs. okc game is going to be good. i can feel it.
Found the SWS tank I'm wearing to warped. ^-^
I play it eye fah eye, I get dat from my paw-paw !
anyone wanna shout out? gotta shout me out first though ;)
Give me an hour RT : I need dat hangover cure
are you receiving an error when trying to log in?
Due to spam onslaught, let's change #in2 hashtag to
“: Rush is such an expert on marriage, having had 4 of them.”
Thanks for the follow! Your movie plot is very intriguing!
keep up and follow the homie
I just now got home from work, and I left the office at 4:30. Fuck you very much MARC train!
If it wasn't so gloomy outside it would be a nice day
U wnt me gone but yet u wnt me to stay I cnfsd its tug of war wth did I do to u wait fuck my meter broke @ 99% I failed to give a fuck
Off to Mee-San Thai Eatery for lunch- so ready for delicious Thai food. Fingers crossed- please be yummy!
lol I love you
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
Reid, would love to chat with you afterwards to hear more about GMCR and your SM strategy, specifically w/ Pinterest.
My dads going to be locked out when he gets back from the concert con Brian & Luiz.
no offense to people who like the Janoskians but, i don't get why people like them..
Yayyyy just got signed by other agency to do promo modeling and trade show events!
ok phones off now :)
and with that I am lost! LOL
Once Ah Cheater Always Ah Cheater So The Next Person I Talk To Cheat On Me Ima Hold It Against Ya For The Rest Of Ya Life!
A few of our fav things: gifts from MOMA, SMMOA, & Palm Springs Museum stores. Singular ceramics, great books, pithy tea towels = fun gifts
Sometimes I tilt my phone when playing angry birds in hopes that it'll help me
next show Stephen A vs. Skip, one on one!
Unfortunately. I tried to float some other puns but they weren't as good. Sank pretty quickly.
Thanks so much for following - look forward to great conversations!
The Miniature Golf League is coming back and it's in Sellwood. Who's excited?
Thanks for the shout out!
Couldn't be happier to be in bed at 10pm on a Saturday hahah wow. Tebow day tomorrow!!!
yes I did for world. A good start? How so?
Good to track you down here. I'm looking forward to your tweets!
#straightup weed is beautiful
Okays , ask me any random questions & I will answer them , TRUTHFULLY . ;)
Keep abreast of lot's of different legal issues by following Roc Attorneys
Consider it done. I'll stop at the box office this week!
KRLD's Restaurant Week should be on speed dial..Dean Fearings Ritz already booked out . 1700 already marked their reservations!
Happy Birthday, #AudreyHepburn!
Hey bro I going to bed check your email
And my grandfather and I want to thank you for reading it! Did you get it on Kindle?
u got me on Iowa girls. But I seem to recall Baylor girls being pretty. They are from Dallas!:)
I feel like my life is like me trying to walk up the down escalator
I haven't been on this twitter in forever:'( its so sad omgg. but, IM BACKK!(:
Tomorrow is gonna suck.
To study or to not study for Econ....
Appreciate what you have in life, and if you still want a nicer home, let's talk!
can we get it in target?
K.Williamson: It’s a guy who just needs to hear the voice of his touchstone, of the love of his life, to let him have a better day.
lmao damn I feel for u then
everyone y'all should follow !! She's really nice and a huge Directioner! I'll follow you if you do!!
I like better actually.
Love your tweets. :-0
Pretending to care about what the birthday card says, but you really just want the money. ahahahaha
never thought in a gajillion years you'd get my tweet!
oh yeah Kristina isn't good enough... Forgot😥 tear
just check in on Facebook!
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I'll never let you go . Slap every person that tries to ruin our relationship , and everything will be perfect ;)
So many good movies on Pre-Theatrical and Theatrical release on iTunes!
TFGIF! Sushi time
the Tiger hitters may need to break out some of Jobu's rum...bats love Jobu's rum make balls go very far
Not sure if liking a sad facebook status shows support. Or if it makes me like it.
NY is COLD today!! I really don't wanna have practice in this weather! :(
We love what these guys (and gals!) have to say:
ha! Thanks! Straight from terminal 5 to the office this am.
tummy ache, two nights in a row. no good!
juss got done watch Final Destination 5 for tha 4# time its so good lul
No home. No phone. Happy birthday to me.
10% "Monthly Gross" Income maximum.
Ok. Judy Scotchmoor is giving me what I need. We have to engage beyond the scientific community when talking bout synbio
Off to schoolofcards.com tonight for our first real #poker lesson! Any tips on staying cool and keeping our game face on?
yeah sure, followed ya! Thanks for following :)
Thanks for the RTs ,
oh MAN that'd be sick. i've got tickets for excision via identity fest this summer; check out dates, may be a stop near you!
ur dad was freakin funny on chelsea tonight i kind felt bad for him! but i love ur mom so im on her side :)
