You're very welcome.
So done doing shit for u if ur gonna cry like a little bitch ugh u poss me off sometimes act like a man not a kid fucktard!!!
i hate when someone txts me the same question over & over
Proud of you guys - so deserving
hahaha I know I am! Where are you? I haven't seen you today and I miss you :(
I read that telegram :D
Thanks! Me too, I feel pretty sassy! :)
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
missed xfactor tonite need to on go kojo's timeline to see what i missed.
Back On My Grind!
I am rolling the dice and ordering Indian tonight... have never EVER had any good Indian in LA... you get one more chance!
Good deed of the day: save a ducks life :')
Please note this weekend's Meet & Greet will be at the Domain from 10 - 12 Saturday. Come visit with our Wees! Over 20 dogs for adoption.
#Metalocalypse back in rhythm without missing a beat. KLOKIKON slides back into the 11min run time like a bloody glove.BRUTAL
Pretty sure he gave me mano
"likes" doesn't pay the bills.
What are you thinking about right now?
@ Skool Picking up my report card
Me and are awesome. Just sayin
Thanks to those who bought a CO flag shirt in 2011! You helped support the Colorado Local First campaign!
Thank you again for the fabulous interview! We absolutely LOVE what you are doing in business and in life
Customer support at is top notch. Thanks for helping me work out registration issues at www.sportingmembership.com
Trusting you but I'm still scared of losing you :/
I just became nervous that future generations would view movies like "New Years Eve" and "Valentines Day" as holiday classics.
The people that complain about the attention they get are often the ones that crave it the most
No problem!
Phone interview today! Hopefully finishing the thesis today! Running on very little sleep today! Probably won't get much sleep tonight!
#cantwait RT : k thanks ! cant wait to see you guy's!
I'll just go shopping by myself
Farmers' Market to resume soon - Fort Scott Tribune
hungry af,,guess I gotta go to this lame ass caf
Avitar changed due to request. Gotta keep my tweeps happy.
Might go outside and ride my longboard (: Sweat pants hair tied tho Don't wanna get dressed (: txt me Dm me for the number (:
People who have no long-term goals & ambitions don't get along with me. And that suits me fine.
It was. hahaha
MOTHERFUCK A FRAUD
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
Be aware that you might experience light depression #PostRace due to a huge dip in endorphins.
To all my followers that love TSC tweet #SAVETHECIRCLE Lets try to save TSC!!!!!
Everton finish above you eh? Reds hurt by blues all round I guess.
Part 2 of last tweet - And the Texas Attorney General's Office is Pissed!! Great article MUST READ!
A person with knowledge of the Self remains detached from the world. He realizes that the Self within is beyond the body, mind, intellect..
Minnesota. Back in the dojo on Monday. cc:
Listening to Roger Bobb, former EVP at Tyler Perry studios in the producers master class. #PVIFF check out his new company Bobbcat Films
lmao I know I text him telling him they suck at txting he said they're at the gym lol
Gagged from smell of my own fart
I checked out youtube channel, i kinda like it
no problem! thanks for checking it out.
Plenty, plenty I got to much of this shiiit .
Thanks for the mention! We appreciate the support!
I'm meeting up with people there but not like going with anyone! Yeah we should go together! It'll be fun:)
goodmoring twitbabes hope everybody has a good day
whoever is laziest buys a round of drinks???
hahahah i always feel out of place!
We in the store my sister know every body
Are you following us on Twitter? If not, you should be! We have a MAJOR announcement coming soon and we'll be making it here!
yeah. There was a great paper on this after Prop 8 demonstrating that Black voters didn't overwhelmingingly vote for it.
Happy #FF MKE! Great people to follow this week Have a great weekend all!!
i almost barfed running. But dude! Boys track was there..purr(;;
No matter how right you are.:-) .a man will never win an arguement with a woman
STUDY TIME
theres never a wrong time to eat tacos..
how do u say it?
wtf. that looks dangerous!
“: Is tunein radio having issues?” Apparently offline.
found out how to spell his name?
Biggest Ball of Twine in Minnesota. By far! #weekendrock RT: Weekend Rock poll: What's the best song?
and were on the national Spanish exam...
Guys:why do girls complain bout weight all the time Its annoying... Guys: ew fat chicks... Sorry ladies for some of our disrespectful boys
ok im calling out to singapore chasters and malaysian chasters for LIVE STREAMING!!!
#Entrepreneurs: how have you defined your #personalbrand?
TREADMILL!!!!! Adding a few more minutes, today.
bet you won't tweet an Eagle Scout back.
": shut up punk!" Ouch
What a sweet & mushy vday poem I just got from the hubby! Sure do luv that man!!!❤💏
wrote a widget
Absolutely nothing good will come out of this new interest in Parkour
The Marv Albert Miami shout out!
Still with the lightbulb thing?
That futurama episode?
I love what Charlie is doing! No one else has the balls to stand up like that!
If you can give us time, location, direction and 4 digit bus number we can look into these incidents. Thank you.
I'm SO sad! Dick Clark has died. He was 82 years old.
WE WANT CERVELLI NOW..SEND THAT OTHER CATCHER DOWN BUT KEEP STEWART
Throwing an Arabian whip double double tomorrow idgaf judge me usasf.
#Timeshare is a #waste of #money if you dont use it. Why #pay a #resale company for nothing when we can get you
Wow - I literally just said I should be cast as #JessicaRabbit in a remake of Who Framed Roger Rabbit and today it is trending?
haha. That was my only reaction, my friend.
he's in Miami now, but im sure he goes Florida every spring break like this year?
Just about everytime I get on twitter I shake my head in frustration. Touch your bottom lip to your top lip please!
Meetings with our colleagues from the publishing house in the Netherlands. So much more gets done when people can meet face to face!
Havent been on Twitter.. I feel left out lol
On your eczema question, we wish we knew right away to check for food allergies
Some people are so oblivious..
it's the western conference finals... Not a regular game
i'm saying, they need to hurry because my eyes are slowly closing
This life is fun
JUST KEEP WRITING
So who is going to win on your bracket? Got it set? just for fun of course!
When are you going to go take the test?
thanks for letting us know we are working on fixing the problem :)
I need a beer....and a hot dog
Uhh nvmd! I just tried to sign up as "Crys" & they recommended "HunnyCrys" & "ImpressivePlatinum". O.o
that is not the issue, proving you don't know the difference between A citizen and natural born citizen
Oh, Bloody Coffee is a good one, HAHA!! Yes! Use that name :)
Jack Nicklaus & Johnny Miller basically just said goodbye Tiger, hello Rory.
Juice loving Seattleites, debuts this Sunday! I'll be gone, please stop by & slug back some juice in my name.
well I'm here for days and I'm ready to party !
don't fret!! I've got some wheat-free for you! Let me know how we can get you some!
Don't know if he even recognized me, but I deleted the Tweet just in case. ;) Don't want to feel bad all over again!
I don't know your number?
VIP Nation isnt working
Hopefully my future wife plays tennis. Other wise, I'll have to hit with other women.
I hate when people tell me what to do.
Viola Davis is the truth! We have to continue to tell our stories!
I THOUGHT HE MOVED!!
And possibly fuck. but mostly cartoons.
Sam Levenson: One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination.
I'm not sure what kind of animal is...
Picked up Expilion 500 headlight from Very nice! No more commuting home using only bat-like echolocation.
Did I really need 50 hair feathers? Probably not.
..Its because of young folk like this our culture will never die. Hip hop for life.
Really applies to tucking anything into shorts (*exception:work uniform). Looks like mom/wife dressed you before you left the crib
I'm excited to read it! (I personally love Melanie and Marko - I'm sure that's no surprise. Gotta love the kisses!)
Let's get lost tonight.
our family had a fantastic lunch with u today! Great to have u in the Lou!
sad cross country is almost over for the summer tomarow for me is the last day but its all good i plan still run with team friends
Sometimes its good to find distance from all the crazy emotions that writing a book can bring up. I feel normal again! Hurray!
Trust issues...
hi rosalie darling! its bella's mom.
Oh, sweet lord, I do love Doritos. First bag I've opened in years & wow, they're addicting. Must move on to M & Ms before I eat them all.
This paper is gonna be brutual...feel free to come to the lib and help me anyone
I do now.
RT : What a gorgeous day! The ocean is filled with the most beautiful rainbows!
Thank you.
If you still talk about it you still care about it
Is it Saturday yet?
Hello twitter world!
Pretty excited about this upcoming weekend, taking lots of pics of the kids and their grandma. ;)
hey! Ur amazing me and my friend r very inspired by u. Please hit us up, we think ur lovely
Booked my flights!
Oh of course!
what tweet??
For the love of god, people, PLEASE stop sneaking sour cream into guacamole. No dairy should touch avacado, ok?
": We won't work out if you don't love The Smiths."
Thinking about getting me some chick-fil-A
has sex dice!
MASSAGE, FACIAL, MANICURE, PEDICURE....Call 301-585-0888 and ask for Barbara and you get 15percent off any service this week
I can handle missing #TheVoice tonight, but definitely not #Smash. Dev is being a buttface to Karen!!
yes - the horrors of procrastination
Didn't that happen in Seinfeld? One of the guys threw a golf ball at a whale and it plugged the blowhole.
RT : “Social is one part technology, nine parts human behavior” --- Forrester’s Matt Brown, on stage at #FCCF11 - Amen, brother!
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate it.
ya so u in 8th grade at swms right
wow...not trying to creep, but that photo came out beautifully.
Putting presentation and UX tips from #CILDC into action today
Life is a series of hiccups. The only cure is to hold your breath... until you pass away.
great interview!
My Instagram never works anymore..
Feeling all kinds of happy today!
hey there!
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Mad men is the best show on tv right now.
Money heightens all five senses....
l want 50+ retweets on something!
Your fine, just get a hold of me when you get home. Have a good day at work. Love you
I only have 2 assignments left until i'm DONE with this semester!!!
of course man! That song is solid!!
Hahaha! That's EXACTLY what he was doing.
Yes with some colors you dont need to bleach your hair.
Yes it is and it was all I could do not to go for one.
#5FactsAboutMe Im allergic to dairy
nicki minaj makes me get in a mood.
Hey guess what...Radiohead is a shitty band. Deal with it band wagon fans.
I hate it that it happened to her. She found GUM on that seat in Speed and charmed a nation.
welcome back (to Newark at least)
yeah, what was that all about? I saw an F16 hauling ass over Fort Ward.
I think that's a 1st RT : Whenever I end up on Mendeley.com, I keep expecting it to be a UNATCO website.
Will do--thanks!
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Check out some new tunes by The BabyEaters! www.mynoisyplanet.com/tHeBaByEaTeRs
goodnight boo
I knew it would be like this... as says... #Nailbiter till the end...
And the collapse continues..
Rick Perry is coming to speak at AU? I'm no fortune teller, but I predict this event will be a circus.
Man, you must be using a different edition of that book than I am. Yours sounds a lot cooler
#FollowFriday bomb coming. You've been warned.
Philip Philips!! If he goes home im gonna be so mad!
I see it as 'public' - a reflection of corporate world with the human bit thrown in - but always aware of dangers
We'll only be friends.
I do it all the time!
That awkward moment when you chew on someone else's pen.
Americans typically consume 7 billion Hot Dogs between Memorial Day and Labor Day.
Diggy vs. J.Cole may actually be good for hip-hop.
I'm sure something else will pop up tomorrow .. or the next day ... or the next day.
Austin's pure perfection.
I still make videos! Follow me on Keek
Shmaltz U Love: Pastrami at Kenny and Zukes (Portland), Beef brisket at Wise Sons (SF), Mile End Deli (Brooklyn), Pickled Tongue Caplanskys
Gonna spend the day spoiling my mamma. :) <3
I don't understand whining about corporations. Nike's workers will say, "At least we have jobs. Shut the Front Door, Yankees!"
#IsItMyFault that im not taken?
RT : Bra shopping is worse than bathing suit shopping.I demand the gov't do something 2 fix ths.>my suggestion,stp wearing them!
hahaha shut your ass up with that TeamDarkskin!
Dems (Brian Burke comes to mind) have had their careers ruined for the same thing.
good retweet Sir.
Please welcome mons_tweets to the Max life
Have a great day everyone!! :)
R.I.P. HEAVY D & Joe Frazier :(
hahaha nice one.
I'm interested to know how to read/scout a player making adjustments. #podcastQuestion i.e Pedro Alvarez & Duca
tell us the good the bad and the ugly of what you find on NYC streets!
thinking of you wearing it smiling ear to ear- let me know where !
#WhatIMissMost arms that fold around me and all the rest.........
so yu jus haven't been tweeting???
Best opening quarter by a QB in history??
looking forward to laying on the couch with my book all night long.
Are we still mad at Viola ? Looooool .
If I had to guess our math professors actual job I would guess taxi driver in NYC.
lmao yeah girl. I know sometimes I look like I am mall walking but shit at least we are out there!
Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so fllyy Look at me now ay Look at me now ay im so sexy
Why you hook me up with that fat ass bald head ass girl lmao
how did it go? 5 min miles?
I feel bad about people in my sorority who are going to have to hear my crying about how inspirational Kevin Pearce is all winter. Blah.
Just saw walk through Time Warner Center in NYC
thanks so much!
I love the merging of fashion and art museums! Next up is the Yves Saint Laurent retrospective opening at the Denver Art Museum....
I scream, you scream, we all scream for gin.
GOODMORNING HOW ARE YOU LIKING MIAMI AUSTIN?!:D
YES !!! I receive that, miss you ;)
A month ago the #Knicks had no point guard RT : Knicks PG's combine for 21 assists versus just 1 turnover.
better than loosing your lunch. Helen just cleaned the bed sheets!
: aren't you coming on the 25th?
When mom makes me wear shoes for our fam portrait <<<<
RT : Next week I’ll give a speech: Saving the American Idea: Rejecting Fear, Envy and the Politics of Division:...
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow woof woof.
The only thing that can stop the Packers' offense...is the Packers' offense...
whoa WHOA lmao I'm just saying you suck you ain't gotta get all sensitive about it lol
#BeforeYouExit , thomas: do you remember tarah, april, & mom (sarah, adrienne & lisa) from your indiana show? (: ♥
soo, i guess he choose to act funny on this day ! smh.
Need some Boozy treats for your SuperBowl Party?! Call Me! :-)
I don't even feel like tweeting, I'm just bored.
Many thanks to for your ever present support
thanks for following me! I'm sipping some freshly brewed tea as I tweet! what's your favorite tea?
good morning melissa
I have that effect on people ;) LOL
oh ya herrry
: thank God for Sleep in Sundays. On Wisconsin!
Should I go to London for the EPT or not? Hm
Out running errands
Is there any humans here
I aint been on twitter at all today
It's raining in Pittsburgh but that doesn't slow us down
FB advice on that. Need to know mechanics of doing it.
thinking about Tryna make it work wit my BD, for my kids, even if I am unhappy....oh god somebody stop me!!
Last day at Dscoop come by the New Page booth to win some great prizes
We're learning sex Ed. Prepare for random and unusual tweets xD
Facebook really needs a 'no one gives a shit' button
Go inside
I bet I'm happier than you! :P hee hee ": Not even traffic can ruin my mood right now. #SmileyBoy"
#IM A directioner
RT : Jennifer Trainer Thompson, the "Queen of Hot," will be appearing on the Food For Thought Stage with her new book...
Trying to get somebody mad? Lol
awww yeah! The big one! Happy Early Bday what do you have planned?
I'm so funny...
#MarkStevenJohnson borrowed #Frost's "Lockless Door" for the opening sequence of
Carving out a new direction: somehow terrifying and peace-ifying at the same time. Life is really life-y right about now.
Wow…Rob Wilson! Career day, trending topic on twitter - all in all I'd say he's having a great day!
that's fine...yo momma played linebacker for the #patriots!!!
#MichaelLee is the best in the business!
Amazon rises to number 2 among tablets thanks to the Kindle Fire
Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentleman.
Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!
Headed to #VAM2012 tomorrow! Looking forward to the learning...
how will content get attention when out of context?
My cheese flight en route to NYC was spectacular!
I want an Eye of Horus tattoo. M
#acehp12 excited about new products & services!
Which is why I'm now sitting here at this desk blinking like the Cheshire Cat with my mouth ajar ... in that oh so Diddy tryna breave way.
Yes, absolutely. I had Goodreads open while watching, marking down suggestions. And I liked his emphasis on consistency. True!
How did this happen?! I was there the whole time! I was looking for you guys!
#giftexperts I am still shopping for everyone lol!
Follow me, and you'll see what I got ;)
Good job Mrs. Ward for kicking one of your best players off the team!!
The Greek burial crisis: With land a valuable resource, the state requires the recycling of cemetery space. - By Alex Mar - Slate...
ill follow
Are you going to be a permanent host on ? I would love to see more of you on daytime TV.
It's totally OK to end a 3 day juice cleanse with Moscow Mules tonight right?
Dude my dad was reffing and talked to the lady!
I HATE driving with my mom , she's such a freaking weirdo about everything . & always screaming at me when im driving . . .
Trouble on my mind so much trouble on my mind..
thanks for the follow!
I could kinda get down to some Metallica right now... Weird.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
Embarrassingly rockin to the bieb "boyfriend" with
How is ya lls mothers day going ?!?!
Easy-A!! Agh could watch this over and over!!
and it would be good to follow me
Fuck I woke up..... But P.T. Was good
That's a tough one, but you can do it! #1plus1equals2 RT : math
what's that?
ah ! Tell me all about it!
On my still shoot we set up HMI "sunlight" & Brad Hall said, "Isnt the Lord's light good enough 4 u?"
one week I want to be phony laugh guy on
GOODBYE P90X...HELLO INSANITY!! WOW this workout KICKED MY ASS HARD, but it felt so damn GOD!!
oh snap thats not good :(
I don't use them, but I want them. I spend my whole day looking at a screen, which means looking down my nose.
"You must establish your dreams and move quietly in the direction of attaining them."
I'm going Solo! acoustic guitar
Egg white omlet, gym, then on to a productive day!!!!
Kobe would've hit both
VIVO, eagle-i building dedicated ontologies for app behavior, distinct from resource representation. Looks like MVC pattern to me.
I was at the polls bright & early but I was in Takoma Park canvassing w/ to get petitions for a ballot initiative
Wishing he had MLB TV. Looks like I have to stick with ESPN's rookie analysis and crappy game selection this year.
The 70/20/10 'rule' was postulates around leadership development not learning in general. Why don't people fact check before speaking?!?
thanks God to let me celebrate again an another birthday in this short life
spit diff hard at work on all sorts of badass shit you gunna like :D
If there really is a pie in the sky, we hope it’s filled with luscious cheeses, fresh veggies, and spicy meats.
That's great! So glad to hear it. And yes, the book is avail. as a paperback on Amazon, B&N, et al.
not all models are tall im not tall and i want to do it its called heels haha
that's a Tony Soprano kinda shirt and it looks DAMN GOOD on you
you do make the rounds on a daily basis.
So High I COuld Eat A STar!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire was last resort. Lesson learned: Dont fire coach til u have REAL replacemnt
... and visiting a musuem creates a beautiful day!
In a restaurant having cocktails.... You?
Consistency: are your kids living with you and another parent part time? Same rules will help them feel safe vs. split.
Either Brett Favre's up to his old tricks or someone's been watching too much Blue Mountain State.
And we all look like fools.
At the Great Plains Public Health Leadership Institute: awesome leaders, presentations, and public health work.
Goodnight Everyone((:
Watching T.I and Tiny ^_^
Thank you you have inspired me. I am enchanted!
One sip and you'll know "It's nobody's fault"~
Doubt it :/
Mika's "Love Today" is putting me in a really good mood. Probably cause his voice going so high is amusing
Note to self: read it out loud to myself next time and see what it sounds like!
if I get drunk enough first I'm sure I'll have no problem spending 30 bucks on it.
EVERBODY GO SEE s COVER OF "DOING IT WRONG" KAY? its amazing :) js..
No wonder we have so many spammers.
love you guys!! x
the way LL Cool J licks his lips (;
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. -Ernest Hemingway
Haha Im writing a story. And I needed an idea and i finally got one :D
thank you for RTing
Learned some new techniques for trading the emini's on the weekend from my mentor. Wow. It works like a charm almost 100% of the time.
best of luck tomorrow. You'll be back to dropping bombs in BP like I saw you do in Omaha in no time.
Congrats bro
check out this site for some great baseball insight...scout406baseball.com is going to blow up big!!!
True story! Got back from voting about an hour ago. Ballot machine was acting up so hopefully it all made it in ok.
I kinda wish I was at #HL7WGM... There's a few interesting folks here, though
Several hundred marchers moving from near Saturday market in the direction of Pioneer Courthouse square. Chanting, but staying on sidewalk.
"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in." Ha! Friday is here! Voodoo
Thanks for the follow! I'll be sure to stay with you soon! Any job openings? Chicago might have to be my next city. ;)
Raffle tickets are selling like hotcakes! $20 for a wingspan.
thank you for following
I guess I'm going to have to buy a #18 Broncos jersey.
SVU or one of the others?
So fuckin excited for this weekend! Checkin out our boyz in tonight and we headline the Gothic Theater on Sunday!! Hope 2 C ya!
awww ! that is so sweet :) yeah sleep probably is an issue :) are you working a lot too?
Try enjoying a suckers without using your teeth! It's hard.
Studying in the campus center all day for finals. The next week is going to be crazy
Delaware City News endorses Paul Johnson for reelection to his council seat and the position of Vice Chair of the Town Council!
I'm glad you approve!
In the process of due dilligence for launching a family friendly media company
If they push that button, you're ass got to go
I'll give you an invitation..to a back arching, toe curling
I think Dunham's interest in performing her body type in such an open way is compelling. I also like her delivery.
we'll be making our announcements here
Arg.. Is the Twitter app for Facebook broken?
bummer, didn't get the memo, busy washing babies instead.
Water is LIFE! ...2 cups of water upon awakening. GOOD for the organs! Your #Organs #Need #Water #Everyday!
Apparently job seekers in NYC are just as sleepy as those in Twin Cities b/c now I have witnessed someone sleeping at a job fair both places
you need to stop
I'm all for the rain. .BUT NOT TODAY! ! ((SAD FACE ))
“: As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp."”
You know what's awesome? Your fridge/freezer breaking 2 weeks after the dishwasher broke. Yay homeownership.
The busy person's conundrum: I've cleaned off my desk, and now can't find my "to do" list.
thank the lord summer is here.. Pools,coronas,swimsuits...
Should I stop this - DR.
Hey every one!
we're so excited to be able to share your work! RT so excited to be part of this!
My old friend tori sindlinger misses me lol . I miss all my weird white friends before I became mad popular
No review or even mention of Palm Pre on GeekBrief now that it's out? Surely you're not THAT much of an iPhone fangirl.
Crazy stupid love is the best movie ever :)
thanks“: I sent my good buddy to iNG tonight. He loved it! Not surprised though. So much talent”
Area 31 Tonight!!!!! No cover be there!!!
wasn't aware of that last night, thanks for the clarification.
RT Bears and sharks are scary, but w/ the Stork's ability to bring you a random baby, it has to be the most terrifying animal
you are our favorite rapper
Photo tip: Pull your subjects away from the wall that they've automatically walked to for your shot.
I intend on sending you the full length film too. Slide me your address again (i know :() and I'll have them sent this week.
FUCK THAT PARADE OMG
Let the cookie induced coma begin.
Where in La Cantera is the Sur la Table located?
Must kill that is even more beautiful when crying. Therapy and anger management should be on her to-do list.
I'm mean pieces, I went to Richmond Hi what do u expect. Lol
anybody want some brewers tix for tonite?
Most people spend their time trying to find someone to sleep with, I'm just trying to find someone worth waking up to
So glad has a new #TNF broadcast crew. It was a pain to watch before
Could be worse. She could give the money to those on the ground who prop long the Middle East conflict.
go tan to white selff chikkkkkaaaaaaa
Questions heat up! On the floor now, what changes would you make the development policies in the city and specifically transparency of BDC
Great idea!
Can we enforce one ticket one seat for Northeast Regional? Too many seats taken up by just one person and their belogings. thx!
to the Jack-Off who hacked my account, my wish to life long ring sting with no relief
Hey Rik-keep me posted on your shows! I'll try to check my twitter more often since I'm still not on FB! Thx for all yr help Wed!
what's that
So nerdy. So fantastic. RT Watching Cosmos on Netflix.
Give up on what?
Can't wait to see the new choreography! Inspired :)
Love football more than any other sport but the NFL Draft is so boring!!
I am finally getting my engagement ring resized!!
How much is the New PR Pros social at for members?
Everyone pls pray for my niece who was born yesterday by emer c sec & was transferred to the children's hospital for respiratory prpblems!
23 days till i turn 15
The hottest guy in the world doesnt follow me back please follow me u follow my other two accounts
ROBERTT GUESS WHAT!!!
manhattan + internet = amazing
The arrow piece is harder to watch than Burdens shoot.
last night was a crazy one at pink elephant. hotties everywhere. tonight the party takes flight at Retreat nightclub nyc at 12am!
No, Caddyshack was 1980, : Caddyshack (although was that 70's?), Footloose, Top Gun.
"When you order imaging for a patient, you should be confirming a diagnosis, not trying to find one." - William Moreau DC
Thanks, Michael! I appreciate the kind words!
but I lived in TENNESSEE at the time! So ridiculous. And then even though I had no CA address they wouldn't give me my 6mos back
Do do do da da da is all I have to say to you.
man if your on twitter and you're name or bio has #AmbitiousGirl...you get this face -___- that fits into
We made a lot of progress on our new website this weekend. Hoping to finish soon.
Update complete!
Just photo-scouted Orchestra of St. Luke's DiMenna Center. Photographer walked in the "big room" and said "WOW!" Great feeling.
I was all like, 'yeah, I'm going to write a super awesome letter for my Mom for this Sunday' ...Now i'm sat here with writers block.
I love me some pink floyd, styxx, rush, def leopard!!!
Giving 10% of biz profits in 2011 to battered babes and sick/needy kids. NOT the one's where "Momma" sits on the porch bullshittin' all day!
My Celtics lookin to finish this series tonight
Who's getting Stinky tonight?!!
Beach today!
Whenever the Vikings are a good team (2009) you use the "how many Super Bowl rings" argument.
and that's just through the visual system. Doesn't count any of our other senses or receptors.
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?
Ain't that some shit... On the bright side, ethier extends his hitting streak to 28 games.. 4 more to pass all time leader!
that's what's up
Wow I worked out twice today!! Hour at the #gym followed by !!!! Feel so good
practice tomorrow night, nothing in november but the three shows in december will be here soon enough. any requests?
37% of battery ..
re: rappelling. if we ever do a story like that, i'll be your stand-in.
as long as I don't have no felonies I can shoot out there right??
In the event you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it possibly will occur.
I don't know what time it is but I know its time to eat
The band in the studio next to me is covering Steely Dan and KILLING IT. They are probably not thinking the same thing about us.
Fisher and blake shouldve traded jerseys for a second...
Convincing ourselves that we lack any real gifts or have nothing to contribute leaves us with an aching void -- disconnected to Spirit.
Lets go #Yankees!! Hoping Nova can rebound tonight!
“: I really really need to go shopping. #nojoke”... I need money first!
nice. Remember the free gtmw tix next time you dislike your job / encounter a disgruntled bar or shop owner :)
okay! I will :)
DC sports :(
MLB: Caple: Kendrys Morales' wait is over The Angels' Cuban import is back from injury and ready to hammer away
Way better than what i heard earlier, funny how ppl force themselves to say and do things but whatever
Quote of the day: "It sounded amazing, like someone got out some bondo and fixed the shit out of the Pyramids."
not really
hopefully you'll stop being a weirdo :) lol love you scotty bear <3
If you want a feature with me hit up my manager ....... Don't bother if you ain't talkin 💰
We're all dying.
Oh lalalalala I'm about to slay myself.
Smokin on loud
when I die I want to be reincarnated as one of your cats.
I'm a beast at hungry, hungry hippo ;)
Good morning ☔ smh
Pinball 101 came in the mail today!
you don't smell bad, I love you???
Ugh, standards get in the way of everything. /via
want to feel how it is to be poor in a hot humid summer amongst the third world or even here? Just go to the garage and sit a few minutes!
Tomorrow is Pi Day, you guys.
Do your best Coach! Give me a call sometime.
used to love amazons....but now misses her husband fiercely. dollars + absence + passionate true love =......... tell me!
Nothing like a good hill workout w/
Same adjective you used to describe Citi Field food preview. Does that mean you're going to eat this guy? Awesome...
Foster the people concert was amazing! I recommend everyone seeing them live :-)
#dsi11 created a community in conversation around issues of technology in research + lib arts education
LMAO I love my thug followers.
Schell Light on tap at Bryant Lake Bowl
youre insane. and the answer to your question is no. ;)
I was thinking it would be a "Dunce" cap.
Interesting to note 4 out of the top 10 are Hilton products. This list is also based on size of property.
Hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
"Sometimes we improvise like everyone but us has a script."
There. Is. Nothing. Special. About. #50ShadesAwful. It is not "rescuing relationships" all across the U.S. PORN is rescuing relationships.
must win The Voice....I lalalalallalove him!
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Greek Lemon Chicken...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...M
living in KY makes you tweet things like that!
true that!
Bout to tap
excellent. A pleasure to meet you, also.
If you don't believe you are the best...go home and play playstation because there's nothing but being the very best.
"I've never massaged a pig in my life." (in Nigel Tufnel accent)
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you have a car but you don't even have your permit.
RT Dimitar Sasselov just revealed that NASA's Kepler telescope has uncovered HUNDREDS of new earth-like planets. Incredible.
Dr. Eva Bellin: The events of the Arab Spring have confirmed many truisms held about authoritarian regimes.
Its packed ...At the Grand Bohemian tonight
Thanks for the RT! Happy Passover!
Found the book "Outwitting the Devil" I'm so excited to read it.
We Movin No Need Ta Stand Still.. MA TEAM WINNIN BITCHES!!
Today is the last day for the BMW contest. Make sure your friends tweet us that they're following us because of you.
We are selling a pre-owned PC laptop and Desktop for $599. Call us to learn more 404.629.5200.
guess I'm not going to anything Carrie related in NYC this week. so bummed out right now :(
I'm a terrible archivist in my personal life. Definitely have lots of stuff in shoeboxes.
learning things i never knew about the master cleanse!
jags def but its a pretty wack MNF game
The first thing that entered my mind after watching Peggy was - check #Twitter, this is going to be good
Ain't ready for this work day
Just burnt my tongue. I kept eating...
in Punta Cana this week - no Chi Town on the horizon what about 'choo?
omg i love you im a vlogger to do you play the drums i do
And I dream of some day marrying a girl who is as passionate about gaming as I am
Yes Im ready and excited for u!! Cant wait to dance to our shit lol and thats calls for a celebration!
Google Play Store gift cards: not a bad idea - Android Authority
#show the REO Entertainment adventure continues Club Globel Cannon Drive Beverly Hills UCLA Realtor and USC at&t executive up 2 bat
I may or may not be spending my 21st birthday in Boston. Do you remember Desi's friend Eddie? That's who I'd be living with.
sounds exciting and tiring all at once ;P
#RIPLoti. He had cancer and died last night. You will be missed. <3
THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE DJ IN THE SOUTH AK THA RAZORMAN NO PULL OUT COMING SOON
I'm not sure why I'm watching the X Files, but I'm intrigued by Scully's outfits.
I like my men like I like my tea; Hot&British WithSomeIrishCreme
thanks sweetie LOL
“: Tell Pop the Gomez book tweet started with Cool! Thanks,
director tammy tumbling awesome speaking #herworld. Spoke 2 1000 girls encouraging them 2 pursue college and careers
so unbelievably exhausted and sleep deprived. i'd kill for a nap… but of course, there's no time. :(
Debuting the 60 second hoodie at the ISS SHOW IN Long Beach, CA
some godawful officiating in this game.
Just being in DC feels like something VERY INTENSE is about to happen. Blame West Wing & K Street & Homeland and every Harrison Ford movie
Today is a great day! The weatherman's wrong...no rain. Got up early: finished paper, laundry, a little work.
they finally have WiFi to LA? of course it does, not that i'm not going up regularly. well, yeah for you. :)
thank you for the RT!
tell her I said Happy birthday sweetie
i can be so insecure sometimes, its scary.
My wife and I were once turned down by a dog shelter because we had jobs. (Eventually found a sane shelter and great dog, purely thru luck.)
Haha did anyone else see Tiger Woods at the Stanford game? He looks like an alien! He reminds me of Kif from Futurama lol
The Worst Couple is on NO!!!!!
Distinguishing the qualities of happiness and pleasure is essential to discovering our best self. Jim Woods
Thank you!
eff it, i'm watching 'homeland'
RT Youthful behavior criminalized with Juvenile Crime act of 1974--
Lights Are On at The Makery
I wanna another tattoo and Luffy told me to get a pic of the monster trio on my right fore arm.. monstertrio luffy zolo sanji.
:) The Funk Roberts 6 Week Jump Training Program. massive size
check out this months issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles we are featured under the article "What's the new green" under smart control
I need some sleep
If ya ask me,Ray-J is the villain. He put Kim Kardashian on the map and took Whitney off it.
Snowed lightly in Charleston just now. NWS confirmed 3 tornados in state Friday. Next you will say it will be like spring by Friday ...
Singing cheerful songs to a person with a heavy heart is like taking someone's coat in cold weather.
RT : where r u fools?// By the lobby
I got an extra ticket....
#Unify customers: You can still win a free Unify license! Follow & tweet w/ your Unify url + #unifygallery. First 10 win!
thanks so much!
hey please follow(: it would mean a lot!!
I felt the need to mention it since I saw the news that the Ohio Legislature shot down a bill allowing it. Sadness.
#TeamFollowBack, follow me , i jus follow u
KET debate between my opponent and me starts in 15 minutes. Don't forget to tune in at 8:00.
if I may jump in I would say it is about clear expectations! But it is fun!
Why does everybody have to be so mean to each other? Why can't we all just be happy?
QoTD: "Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped." (African Proverb)
Some ppl hate the glow : D
Who do U prefer...demi lovato OR miley cyrus ? Lest VOTE
I love icarly so much it is my favorite show I don't cARE WHAT YOU THINK.
Economist: Housing shortage coming in 2011, from msn.com, what are these guys smokin??
Hahaha well that sucks for you :P
In a post-season of kickers shanking, the youngest one just blasted it sure as shit
Rick Perry will have a news conference in South Carolina at 11 a.m. ET to announce that he is leaving the race.
❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.:-)
I wanna go outside and play
Umm think it's time to write some poetry. Gay.
Come on guys, sign up online...we have summer camps waiting to offer you jobs and the summer of a lifetime!
your welcome:)
Oh fuckk i have to be at school by 7:30.
the secret is you have to bathe in the blood of virgins!!! Forever youth secrets!
I know what you mean...It made me blush when I heard the Fresh Prince shout out *1989* on my car stereo yesterday.
Love what you share with us Appreciate you energy A must follow for inspiration And Thought
They are not different.
Three morning shoots, prop shopping, then shooting two hockey games made for an eventful day. Editing trying to meet deadlines.
RT : Goodmorning tweets, Couldn't get up so I overslept. How you doing? good
As we predicted, AAPL hits 300 today. Excellent options trade.
too short
well it looks as fabulous as the 400 Million Dollar Emerald, the current show on National Geographic Channel right now lol
I put red bull in my coffee pot this morning instead of water. Right now I can see noises....
I wanna be remembered long after I'm gone.
Light weight *aha shut up u tricked me! Lol
Dessert at last
marketers should avoide these stereotypes: nerdy Asian guy, Fresh off the boat, unable to attract women, butt of joke
have you seen his 'love is evil' youtube clip? it is hilarious.
And love like crazy.
Ugh... huge nerd Dan Lipinski continues to insist on carrying around a pocket-sized version of the U.S. Constitution at all times
Heading to Houston for the Birkman User's Conference. Looking forward to spending time with my fellow Birkman "peeps!" And, seeing Dr. B!
Thanks, I'll check them out.
I know the feeling!
Miss. St. Thank you for throwing bottles at Kentucky. Next time, can you throw them at Duke instead? Thanks.
Psalm 19:14 "Let the WORDS of my MOUTH, and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy SIGHT" Words+Mouth+Sight=
Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck? Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today
hey check out mi profile of facebook
It's official. I'm in love with Tyson Ritter. Holy hell.
I heart The Apprentice RT : Omg Donald Trump was listening to us this morning!
#Badgers QB Russell Wilson on : "I went to an unbelievable place …tremendous coach in …great coord. in [Chryst]."
I sensed a little sarcasm in there tis okay tho.
Wow, that got here fast!RT 1 month countdown until graduation! Getting more nervous by the day...
missed you today!!
Check out the August issue of the Business Journal of Milwaukee. Hatch Staffing was named one of the Top Milwaukee Workplaces!
Omg I need to deactivate my fb. Got hacked by dumb fucks
only in denver but its goin well :)
What will happen first... NFL Lockout end or the Pittsburgh Pirates fall under .500?
Blake Griffin is still over hyped. And overrated. And you are all buying into it. Goes to show that ESPN decides who's good or not.
The best part of #ThePitch is reading the tweets from other ad agency people as it airs. I like the show, which means it's doomed.
IM MAKING COOKIES
wow that's I crazy .. hip-hop is back?
Just noticed well been thinking.. All this talk best in class towing whatever Ford, Chevy, & Toyota says. Who really is the best?
My ears are KILLING me -_- Ear infection is coming back. Guess its time to pay another visit to the Dr since I've been sick for a month
But thanks for Friday pm assistance!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else ~ Judy Garland
pumpkin beer is awesome...try smuttysnose if you can, it's the best one I've tried so far. Which one are you drinking?
I love the #Monkees. Sad day. Brother and I grew up watching reruns of the show and listening to cassettes of their music.
That rare occasion of a cute boy coming in m thank god i look cute today
disagreed. How does a coach completely undo what Kiffin F'd up in 2 years? Give me a break. Get real and give the guy 5
1/2 of the NY Smiths (Chris) will be on tonight's episode of "The Office - Tune in if you get a chance!
#IfItWasUpToMe Count Chocula and Boo Berry would #ComeOutToPlay on Safeway shelves twelve months a year
I love az. Tucson to be exact. This is hometown for me.
This is gonna be a summer to remember. So stoked.
I will love you like you love me, unconditionally...
i needa stop re tweeting shit.
Wishing a happy birthday to the lovely !
aww sorry we missed you. Rest up for Friday. =)
At work, feeling like blah
what's one piece of advice you feel is invaluable for a new band to hear?
I have no time to waste and less time to waste it in...JAH BLESS..
HEY! Waddup?! :D
any PLUMBERs around for advice how to make water come out of a tap faster? the end hole is too big, too much water coming out
#ProudOfHarry We love you Babs! <3 Good job. Don't listen to what the haters say. You did awesome. Love you lots. :D
Ok so they cut a huge chunk of ASIB but left HOB virtually untouched......Hm yeah don't like it. Thank God for the BBC.
Brody on FUSE: ironically the digital extras created for it are now useless. the posters, in turn, remain.
I can't wait for you all to hear the new record...not to far from the finish now.
so he's a stop gap until/if Grady returns? interesting.
RT : The feature film has bn revamped & i'm so excited 2 B producing a film that tells the story of "What wld U do 4 luv?"
Well hello ! Thx for the follow. How's Door County?
A little advice for everyone , do not talk to me after at least 30 min of me being awake/semi-awake, even if I role over a
a personal thank you from the star of the film? Priceless! I hope shooting is a breeze tomorrow. Best of luck!
lol! good one. :P
We often have to do that, but the law and evidence are the focus. I would defend her, but it would be VERY different.
do wuts smart... not wuts COOL!!!...
How many people go on this account?
Obliged for the RT.
I wish my girl was here right now...feelin kinda low about mothers day...need some cheering up
Hey, you there. Bring me some cake.
I'm good! Lots of great movies coming out soon! :)
Making some phone calls to make sure people know about the Singles Fall Retreat - September 25-27, 2009.
just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling just keep smiling . (:
RT : GARTH BROOKS is headlining a #NashvilleFlood relief concert on Dec 17. We haven't forgotten. #WeAreNashville!!!
Calling B.'s foxes "domestic" is a pervasive error.
Jrue can't do that or were done
Yikes. Considering a ceremonial delousing after reading that.
Peter struggled with that word!
Thirty minutes just vanished as I watched a show on the top 10 bombers of all time. THIS is why I cannot have cable in my house.
There's still time for Balloon Explorium! Head down today for some family fun, Activities run until 3pm today!
This page is hacked!! Follow my new one for an
What is it?
Logical? Not sure, but Tracy loves Dex's D RT : Is there a logical reason why Colvin has not been starting every day?
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. -Carl G Jung
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body.
please tweet the phone number
On Cue lunch date with my hubs.
Life is full of irony. It takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
Going to get some new #hair today... So excited!! Finding the right one well that the #Life of a
Returned from Palm Springs Shorts FF as a melted puddle of goo. Reasons: (1) superlative film (2) 117 degrees (3) traffic all the way to LA
will you come chat with us when you come back to cali?
Lmao ik its always gonna be funny to me haha
Our magically colorful "Zelda" ocarinas come in 9-hole, 12-hole tenor, & double and triple models, with 3- and 3-octave ranges respectively.
Primed for tonight's RoseBowl? Fill your belly w/ today's Steak and Savory Potato Cakes topped w/ Arugula, Caramelized Peppers & Fonduta.
holy cow it's about time, bridge was under appreciated happy day
Someday I will go to #SXSW. . .
Hugo is just %100 pure movie.
I guess.
Send us some rain!!!!!
OMG!!!! TONIGHT'S REHEARSAL WAS AMAZING W/MY BROTHERS... Love those guys!!!
School was lovely. I'm tired. Gonna ge make some tea and take a much needed nap. Merisahs later? ♥
creative RT : Working on getting these hands back Registered through the Government.
Reimold and Hardy ground out, Markakis lines out to left. Nova makes quick work of the #Orioles. #Yankees up 1-0
Today I'll be performing my civic duty. That's right I have
I'm always at my job 30 mns early, chilling in the lunch room. Haha ...
and and a Christmas song....life complete
apparently, they found people! They overlook the backyard at Stubb's. Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
Patron: "Can you help me? I got a text from Wal-Mart saying that I won $1000." Poor guy. I had to tell him the news he didn't want to hear.
Also the list of "retired" records is down at the bottom of the spreadsheet.
Thanks for the kind words Rodney, and lovin the designs ORCL. Especially "BEENKNOWNMYSELF"! - DC
True. I want my 1st essay to be 10 pages. I'll start my 1st page tomorrow. You gave me an achievable goal. What's your book about?
Delayed start tomorrow
#demoralized on a Sunday night. This is not a good way to start another 60 hour/12 class week.
I am the light of the world, whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life. John 8:12<3
TOURE CRIB...YOU SHOULD GO OVER THIS WEEKEND...
Bummer -- most recent batch of I received REALLY stale. Still tasty, but very hard to chew.
they should have rehab for drinking soda...i swear ill be up in that bitchh errrdayyy...lol
out here trying to get bodied up. Work, school, the usual!
fight me
Looking forward to your gauzy slogans (present or future).
i decided to change my name cuz i can and i dont like Black Veil Brides anymore. i still like there music but thats it
is it too big?
Cain's first walk comes in the 4th inning. He's thrown 54 pitches to this point.
it's on bros
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Always more to do. Enjoy SoFla!
-taking a shower ;) touch me!
New Haven, Connecticut: uhh...
Sun. Nov 13, 10am-7pm - building MKE's largest ever bloody mary. 100 gallons! Come help us drink it. 616 W Virginia St.
Drinking hot tea, listening to La Dispute and answering your emails at 9:30 at night? Sounds good to me! - Shane.
we love you.
": I just let out a big David West style "F*** YES!" Neighbors won't be happy about that." That's better than the D West foul face
I hope that my severed tongue doesn't change our relationship. LOL
Really sucks when your trying to sleep and you see something that gets you thinking & ruins your sleep..
2 key criteriaa to branding a community: Is it different. Is it meaningful.
Kerriann, I am so proud to say that you are one of our outstanding PR students. Congrats!
I met a lot of cats and mnobestvo thinkers, but the wisdom of cats is immeasurably higher.
Syracuse just said, "Badgers? we don't need no Badgers!"
According to my Pinterest pins from tonight I'm really craving cake!
Fellas this weekend leave that BS at home in party like grown people
and are flooding my Instagram with their photos the need to go somewhere we don't wanna see y'all lol......
some bitches for denise and monika B-day
Worst headache of my life. no idea why.
Thanks for including us in your "Best Blogs" post! :)
That's probably a good start for BP. At least it's something!
WANT!!! Pretty sure I could get the publisher to send me a review copy, but I really want one of yours! LOL
sorry he's just really hot
RT : Trust me,MY boys will write in cursive.They'll also pick CASH songs by kindergarten =>both are music to this teacher's ears!
Doing the Carlton Banks dance in honor of 's birthday. Happy 50th!
ugh I forgot I need to do that.
Today is a wonderful day!
I wanted an English degree when I was 18, but was talked out of it. Ended up majoring in economics, then marketing-
Faried is everything that is right in sports
Yes mam! I'll be playing in front of Barney's Beanery from 2-4PM.
First 48 is where I get all of the local Louisville news updates.
food is my bitch.
One way to get a rose....buy
Sorry if anyone is getting messages from me I'm not sending them. My smartphone won't let me change my passdword.
Says the guy who won't move anywhere South of Trenton, East of Newark, North of Paterson, and West of Orange.
That's no excuse!!
The best all around capture software is Adobe Acrobat. Make sure you have one license for the Pro version in your office ($449.00).
Ancient remains of popcorn at 4,000 year old Peruvian archaeological site: physorg.com/news/2012-01-a… Another article (via )
Msg to the nasty rodent that somehow got into my home today: R.I.P.
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!!
Fixing me somethin to eat .
Tied with out Sullinger playing much. Thad is a happy camper.
good luck , rock it
At this point I mostly just miss your six pack abs
what r u talking about
The #Patriots Bill Belichick named #NFL coach of the year
thanks for the suggestion
Thanks Marshal! We really appreciate it!
The only problem with this time of the year is the fact that I start slacking and start to not care about school. Wait I did that all year..
alright alright, check this out.. 3, 2, 1.. check your phone
Creative minds are rarely tidy.
Thank you you for helping us spread the message, and the good.
I'd be trying to pick Braun off of 1st, too, if I were Arroyo. Test that Achilles.
girl I don't even know hahaha
Men's choir killed. Womens Chamber killed. Chamber Singers killed. Concert Choir about to kill. But what else is new? We're Central xP
You can make lots of money renting out rooms!
Long wait for DC election results
Cool off with a Slurpee drink and kick back with a movie. FIVE Slurpee Rewards points will get you a Redbox DVD rental!
every 200 women is born with a third
he's so cute
Thoughts on your Lumia 900 so far?
I wanna go out to eat this weekend tho !
RT : Tonight is game night at against the Wave. Come on out
So what if I act like a guy? Doesnt involve you in anyway you stuck up bitch.. .-.
all I want for my birthday is for you to follow me. On twitter..or real life, whatever works for you.
THE hottest girl is on the golf channel right now! She can actually hit the ball too!
Call a contractor you can trust. Mr.D's painting for all your home renovation needs.Painting,drywall,crown moulding and more. 619-562-5848
Great come back win today #Giants! Time to celebrate with a #bartab drink!!
Give ya inch, you take a mile :-)
Many bizarre history tidbits in DC, but my favorite is that Michael Jordan actually "played" for the Wizards for 2 seasons.
Sometimes I wonder if he's on his man period. -.-
because he is a Laker....
White girl politics, and that's that Sarah Parlin
Why do people keep wanting Faberry to happen? It's
what was I saying?
Greetings from Moab, where the stunning scenery is considerable comfort while enduring #civilunions anguish
something! Ive had like 4 full meals in the last 3 days
Nothing against Chris Mortensen, but Adam Schefter is infinitely better on TV. Easy to forget he was ESPN's NFL face guy pre-Schefter.
Success is that is simply a matter of achievement is hollow and immature...
took me a sec to figure out it was you..lol
that sounds delish right about now!
What was Marty thinking? Hugo is the most godawful fail I've seen in a long time.
Sorry I can't message you unless you follow me. Can we just get a refund on one bag of frozen corn? acct:
how would mo beat jones?
Welcome to the Pageant Center Twitter!
Dont even feel bad. u did nothing. u were mad because i wasnt on? wow. just be greatful you dont have me anymore. just bye
having a scotch at the office #dondraper style before i head to madison square garden
HAD A GREAT TALK WITH MY NEW PR TEE-MACK....READY TO WORK!
"As the roof was leaking, a Zen Master told 2 monks to bring something to catch the water. 1 brought a tub, the other a basket..." (1 of 2)
#fact when I'm mad I'm mad. Point. Blank, period.
I LOVE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT FOREVER!!!<3333:)
Congrats to parents and my next door neighbor. RT 2012 G Joe Rahon just informed me that he has committed to Boston College.
#dear14YrOldSelf you get that thing I sent ya
RT : RT : In every girls life; there's a boy she'll never forget and a summer where it all began
You're right. More than their share of tragedy.
I always dreamed DJ Tanner might one day portray me on film. That day is now.
Happy Halloween :)
Chilling chilling like a villian
lol, she was really lookin like "ooh who is this cute guy?"
i'm going to be reppin a #salty shirt too! (:
I'll wait.
We done did everything they could think of Greatness is what we on the brink of!
The lazy Song By Bruno Mars is thee Shit (:
scraps celebrated earth day all day yesterday.
Nice tweet. : Mike implies a modal shift. Trey reels it back in
you betcha! Hope the show went super well!
is seeking a strong candidate in #NY with experience to fill a position within the Insurance Practice Area as a Topic Specialist.
spent a beautiful early morning along the tidal basin taking pictures. definitely forgot how early old people like to get up.
RT : 2/1912 — Eleanor H. Porter publishes ‘Pollyanna’ creating a new word in the English language.
YOU PUT YOUR CAP JAUNTY ON YOUR HEAD SEAN BURNETT! #NATS WIN!
I'm pretty sure Tim Sullivan's hair doesn't have a Twitter handle.
Didn't work the first three times...not gonna work the fourth
Rex Pickett tweeted this the other day and I love it ! Talent + Perseverance= Luck
Good luck thinking like a man; ladies cause you miss what makes you so special to us, your thoughts.
HELP WANTED: Culpeppers is looking for experienced cooks.
i have been on hold for 20 min plus and your email form will not allow me to submit a request for help
All I See In My TL Is : People Starting , Going To The Mall , Or Work etc >.< `
Lots of stories on the problem, virtually none mentions the kids let alone the affects on their academic outcomes.
#Mistletoe is amazing great job <333333 Love yeww
what a champ :)
It's easy to treat people poorly when you have a large network but if you want to keep friendships you must treat people with respect
I CANNOT wait for 7am tomorrow morn. Gonna be doin what i do best. Till then....policy paper time.
Def makes it go faster! : Hooray! I got to work out alongside (@ Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center)
Well... Melissa isn't going solo right now anymore. She's doing theater right now and LP is not over, just on hiatus.
Say hi to from Brady Street in MKE.
15 of the Most Popular Pictures on Pinterest
Cheers, brother! Thanks for the kind words!
Chatting with all my guys by facebook! I love Them!
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Estate starting at 50.00 305-232-3344
haha my bad I got you tho and you still go to Turner right?
They should be able to, I think it's just a few more $$ for shipping...
i have so much on my mind. i cant believe he would do this to to me. :/
Loved what I learned about Tweetdeck. Got to go. Thanks.
don't let it stop!
I distract myself PLENTY, I don't need you to do it for me
you & your hubby are in trouble, & I are taking some serious notes & are ready to crush you guys in Idol fantasy!
First time going to uncle bacalas and not eating the cotton candy
Battlestar Galactica reference - lost on the non-nerds
What do you need to consider if you want to stay in your home after going through a divorce?
Glad I found the Summit Series documentary NBCSN is airing in lieu of the Caps game here. Great pregame viewing pick.
Get out, right now, it's the end of you and me
call me
Is that talk online anywhere yet?
Okay, just signed off the computer. Officially on vacation for a few days! Off to Charleston SC in the morning with !
rihanna just boosted chris browns career and killed hers in the process... why? Yes u both are dope artists but R looked desperate..oh well
Love it! :D
Omg I just realized that 2omf look Iike they could be brothers lmaooooo
heading to the east coast
Tony stewart on the pole at charlotte go smoke
Tired of people not pulling their weight, and then act like it's no big deal
When you do a farmerblow and don't know where the boog went.
Right Tho!. Smh My Phone Could Use A New Friend Lol.
is so dang hot
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
what up. you like t smoke the toke and fly into the distance / reply ye sor no to a prize.
Dunno... Haven't been to Fenway since '88!
Screw that. RT : Win or lose, Nuggets showed out this playoffs...
I still can't believe is following me :D
Does anyone know where the cheapest place online is to get flesh colored liquid latex for prosthetics and projects?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEO!
nope ... Let me negotiate the $2 mill contract for 1 year $1 mil guarantee fills a need
Bwahaha! RT : So anyways, Uecker just said he doesn't tweet. Also, he mentioned that he doesn't twat either.
i wish i was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us. <3 &
Worked on fixing my dryer all day. Took it all apart. Replaced heating element. Took ALL day. Put it back together. STILL no heat. Mad
Stuffed Animal Sleepover may be the most adorable preschool programming of all time.
Lights get low and thts when I have my brightest ideas
Just sent you a Skype request. :)
It's a beautiful weekend here in Florida. Too nice to sit at my computer so I'm going for a long walk. Happy weekend. www.lindaswift.net
Production costs getting 2 high 4 your events? Let JSL Productions help out. We have served the CCM industry proudly 4 tours and festivals
Thank you, very much.
Good morning my little rain drops!!
"only show images with transparent background" would be such a useful filter for google image search.
I don't feel okay
aw yall are so sweet :) reading ur tweets to each other makes my day :) <3
I want to be a spy one day, until then I'll be hanging out in peoples bushes for experience.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours
Crazy aint it! How's the ATL fool?
Well, there goes my whole retirement plan.
Not feeling so good this morning. Still peeved about Bulls loss. Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!
So tired.... So tired of being Good! Need to shake it up
Thanks! Glad to pass it on!
that was boring . . .
Cool, I'm at work lol. My name in the game is bobafet1966
Thanks for the shout out Lisa!
good tweet Tony!
I want to see a stadium for the Beavers IN PORTLAND! Still think the RQ is the best, but otherwise, why not the post office?
- Welcome! Glad to connect!
Dm. It is a pleasure to meet you. I just asked your company if they wanted to work together on Academics in the USA.
O I love knot breads
Finally saw THE HELP- sincere, even moving in parts, but also highly problematic. Glorified Lifetime Movie accusation not far off.
A source told the Tampa Times Chip Kelly is finalizing a deal to become the Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach. Watch now.
misspelled BlackBerry as VlackBarry
if she can't give out any information then clearly Justin must be there:)
I haven't been sleeping well lately and this morning my alarm didn't go off ; idl how the hell I'm even up
we're like *this close* to all NHL games being simulated on XBox.
WE NEED TO RIDE TO THE BEACH AN HIT THE WATER U DIG
sweetie I may not be Jack Barakat but you should really write that essay
Next week. Regular season ends Monday. Most games likely to be Friday, but some could be Thursday or Sat.
These Kobe system commercials are hilarious.
Havent even had my first kiss yet. would really like it to be you. ;)
Thanks for following back! Love your videos. :)
Lol calm down!!
I guess you don't like him because he's similar to you? At least your public persona?
Ikea is hell on earth.
Its time to talk to us twitter. Where you at!? Tweet at us!
let's start taking bets... bobby v doesn't make it past june.
We can discuss further tomorrow.
they probably already think you're creepy...
Love is something you have to wait on. If love takes years, day, and months. But it'll be something that you waited on:LOVE
A nice paring for a new tea kettle or pair of tea cups, right?
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher
Thanks to everyone who came out for our first Mobile Cafe event! We will be announcing our next event in the next two weeks!
Get an "Earthquake App" for your phone or tablet...watch the worldwide increase in Earthquakes! 2012 is here!
Cheers to that. :)
bahaha my stepdad is so embarrasing i swear!.-. dropping me off at school then screaming my name like a phsyco:o
How big is the NFL. ESPN has a special prime time sports center to talk about the NFL releasing their schedule. NBA is envious.
just now seeing this, as I'm sitting outside class :/ RT #JMS490, take the rest of the week off. Tomorrow's seminar postponed
"Blackbird singing in the dead of night - Take these broken wings and learn to fly." ::the beatles::blackbird::
Fast 5 out on Tuesday! About time jeez!!
MY DICK MY RULES BUT I PROMISE I'LL MAKE IT GOOD.
three days in hard plastic chairs...yes, it's conference time.. (but *totally* worth it!)
Last 24 hrs: Phantom Menace - why did they even bother? And Bladerunner - genius movie, but dating fast.
Love yourself. Because somewhere, somehow, there's someone who'd kill to be YOU :)
Signed up for my first half marathon today. Guess I should start training, May 6 will be here before I know it.
: nearly died from stress, then from sprinting up 's back garden
RT : On last mention of blogs..if you think potential employers arent searching for your blog posts, youre mistaken.
Toby talks about his new song in our 'Red Solo Cup' branded intro and says its the 'stupidest song ever'. Check it out on
come to the Parlour and see it for yourself!
I love reading GC fanfictions & GCImagines! If u have one u think I should read send me the link :D
Design symposium happening right now, come check it out!
Quote: “The most dangerous food a man can eat is wedding cake.”
Sounds good! I'll try to contain my prolixity to 900.
Hello heather. nice to meet u im
I'm not liking what I'm seeing n the DMV on certain aspects. Dis move wit GOD is my key to HEAVEN'S GATES!!!!
I don't understand how people don't have a favorite band. Like this.
that s*** pisses me off
#NoteToFemales #SinceWeBeingHonest When guys say you have a #BigBooty. That's just a #NiceWay of saying you're
Hating my elbow right now. Its in rely bad pain.
Great week at Embedded Systems Conference ended with an excellent Multicore Association meeting and one final customer meeting. Whew! What …
Can't wait for Q&A. Is it still on? Waiting patiently to delve further into the mind of Shocko...
Excited For New Jonas Album 5
me please!
MT courtesy of Yahoo's , audio of exchange btwn & on RNC/immigration
On the mall :)
Watching a lady wash her car with a bottle of water and a washcloth in the Kroger parking lot
ill be there double fisten some coors. hope to see you there
RT : I've never skydived but I've checked Twitter on my phone while standing over a toilet. So, I get the gist.
I bought me an old bolo tie and a United Farm Workers button that says "Boycott Lettuce". Could've bought a Emiliano Zapata poster too.
I swear dudes can just be so stupid....
G.M.N.I.: They call her Sin City. However, she poses no threat to me. Honestly, I plan on seducing her.
We just randomly talked about The Muppets on , Intern said Swedish Chef was best of all time, I said Beaker was the dopest
#YouShouldNever give up on your dream! If you want it, go for it.
I had a job in Brooklyn want to interview me, but it pays only $9.50 an hour.
Me too
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30, MICROLOAN USA is a look at “microfinance” - loans to those who do not have access to typical banking services.
and thanks for tweeting take aways from #ssrc - I'm learning from my office! Hi to colleagues for me.
I knew Alito wouldn't show
“: Did clay get hurt? :(” hopefully not that bad
in the house of the canary orchestra.
i hear u lol what mall u near
My parents think my friends are bad influences. But honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
hah exactly! I love Zep but not for their "lyrical prowess"/"goodness" of lyrics-qua-text doesn't indicate a damn thing
And I have a Wordpress one. I happened to use that one to post at least two entries for Blogathon. Very easy to use.
Thanks to everyone that came dancing last night! We had a great time. Check back soon for pictures! :)
just woke up; I should really do some homework, but I always find an excuse not too... that's not good.
Haha better! Remeber it's good with Hot chocolate. Rumchata is best itself chilled.
#IfIMeetJustinBieber I would first ask him if eats ants on a log while doing his homework.
they were coming at him & D Wade on an equal level for once lol
New special: sweetheart mocha aka camryn's special. White mocha amaretto and cherry. Hot or iced
I hate working retail sometimes
Yeah-- that would be great-- Thx! it's
RT : Heart goes out to Avenged Sevenfold for their loss (via )
I don't text me hun
Getting our professional wedding pics and video today!! Yeeeee!!
sorry if my account sent you spam!! Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry, I already reported it to twitter SORRY :(
if someone helped you this week, send them a note of thanks (or text, tweet, post, call)
Learn Chinese for the day: 蓝色(藍色)[lánsè] blue
Gov Dayton says he is still in listening mode on Vikings stadium
Shuttle to O'Hare arrives in 20 minutes!
Aahh crap not this again
Comcast has it on HD channel, it's 999 at my mom's. Top 3 commentators in order... 1. Gary Thorne, 2. Bob Cole, 3. Doc Emerick
2nd spam of the day ! 😡
NBA is back!!
I guess u all wasn't haiting on us when cal came to uk either was ya
of course you hear that. #weekendfail call me maybe on repeat next weekend.
ABOUT TO FINISH OFF MY BLUNT FROM LASTNIGHT!
I'm surprised people are actually caucusing for the Republican candidates today. You all realize they are all batshit crazy, right?
I haven't heard that one - valet parking for the Flintstones.
Thank you lovey! :)
Happy Star Wars Day! MAY THE FOURTH be with you!
Sunday funday ! More like Sunday I'm too hungover to do anything day -__-
good omfg i feel so creepy now but it's okay because i love you
RT : If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. ~ W. Churchill...
Short turn arounds are for the 🐦🐤🐔🐧s
sonic for breakfast? i think yes. \m/
Ur the perfect combo of thug intellect swag charm handsome political n southern too!
me too! haha thanks! :)
Did you have a good birthday????
