coming soon at inkedibles
You're welcome! I always appreciate a good read about social media.
where are y'all??
yay! Only 10 hours left! $29 unlimited tanning, workout & 3 personal training sessions!
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back"
Its all good though
stop hitting woman
What's the soup today?!
around 4pm mountain time.I'm in Tucson.
Some great followers from this week:the
anytime man.
o what are we waiting for?
Thank you! RT : That's so awesome! So proud of everyone there. You are all amazing!
something into that stmt that something is missing. Seems like lot of NHLers have families, not just DA
Aint no woman like the one i got
Movies with joys <3
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage
The only possible exceptions would be chicken, hot peppers, or dill pickles. That shit is delicious.
Same for me and eating bacon. Lots and lots of bacon.
im nit against it what ever gets Him out Of My division so we can win more lol
Wreck this app is fun as hell.
princeton is taken so dont trip
that's a great homegrown. good turnout?
Just read that Will Smith & Jada Pinkett Smith are starring in a new "Swiss Family Robinson". Does anybody else see the irony in this?
“: RT this tweet and will send 50¢ to help kids in foster care. #TreatItFwd”
Love my new beats by dre
Ahh. I wish I could watch it here in the States darn it!
We'll have to catch you next time then :)
Buddy Biancalana. RT : One of sports' most fun names: Joe DeLamielleure. Which are your favorite names to say?
Reason #93829 Why I Love IT- My coworker brought homemade baklava as a treat. There is no other field as diverse as Information Technology.
Never would have thought someone like a Tiger Woods would need to send an Inside/Out Three Squares Greetings card.
as well, Im sure Im guilty of esteeming my own opinions. have a great nite
yes please!!
this past semester: $812/credit hour.
#ireallywant the Golden Carp to bless me tomorrow.
does anyone actually retire anyway?
you used to be hilarious until you started tweeting twice a minute!
has anyone ever seen someone dismount one of those extra tall bikes?
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Murray Lampert Construction.
nope. Like chubbs said "it's all in the teeth"
Just tell her Castle!!
Hate to say it, but #kansas is embarrassing themselves now. Stick in there, maybe it'll turn around.
yeah ik :/ it blows
Sign up to be part of our community on our website wildcanyongames.org and receive monthly e-newsletters!
Good evening Nation... how is everyone doing?
Haha no, it's considered a "social science", which is part of our core curriculum of classes we have to take. It sucked.
I'm taking this year off from most conferences... Next year!
Off-season relapse won't help...
About to go live on Talk Shoe radio to deliver healing messages....join us at 5pm CST
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate that!
Happy Birthday to my mom in law Kathryn! It's your birthday, It's your birthday!!!!!!
"all right men, let's roll" - HCBS
Good Morning
All I need is a carmel frappé!! is that too much to ask for!????
Just because you are not part of the change, it doesn't mean it's not happening! Learn something completely new this week.
I bet it's really a treat when all your hard writing work gets an eye-catching & beautiful cover. I'm looking forward 2 reading it.
its really not exciting, and if it was, of course, you'd be invited. it wouldnt be a party without you lol!
it just gets better and better! :P x
I got pulled over for no reason then the cop noticed I had people in my car and I wasn't supposed to. Then he asked if I knew my limitati...
Quick! While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K.
Best By date on anchovies. Follow or forget it?
Fish open limps utg, I 3x A10s... He calls flop 105x two diamonds, we get it in he has 55.... Busto
U shouldreally go follow
Thanks for the photo ! LOVES Silverman's Farm in Easton, CT!
Time to find the HOTEL gym!!!! #Fashion and Fitness go hand in hand
Good #tax planning means that a company takes the past sales performance of their products and/or services into account.
I actually find it to be senior staff afraid of lack of control when it comes to the web.
Well, I can't say I'm surprised. Especially since I'm burning in the volcano.
Lots of dancing plus good friends minus boy drama = the happiest version of myself
;-) I've been a huge Ira Glass fan, for a very long time.
HELLO tweetsters! Tell me something GOOD!
ok I will try I'm ariana grande soldier for life :D
thanks very much
Well, I had cataract surgery today and, as one who has had sub standard vision all my life (astigmatism, hyperopia,) It is MAGIC!
#popculture peeps! Holla at your girl. Tweet and follow #PopSouth!
Not tonight! RT : A productive day starts with a good night's sleep.
I bet this chinese lady wanna slap my ass but that hoe better get it rite....
Prolly one of my realist loves ever is u.
The party scene is not my scene. I never enjoy clubs or parties.
Senator tony avella on 's line item vetoes..."There is a difference between governing and bullying."
What was the funniest or worst thing that has happened to you on a date?
Prelininary filming starts tomorrow night on "Candor". Dinner last night with cast and crew at Blue Fin a blast.
At we've seen varying levels of success with panels. Some patrons find value & some don't
agreed, can't say enough about him...very happy he got the year back and we get the priv of seeing him play another season!
If the girls were here... I would plug that singstar back in! I LOVE TAKE THAT I DO!
Looking forward to the show this weekend...thing is even w/o some of the facts, it's a horrific story
: continues to stress that private interests should not have say in how public $ & taxes spent.
A taste of ur own medicine
What is the one word you use almost every day?
#sharktank makes the week so much better. It renews my optimism being an entrepreneur!!
My little girl said where is all the fans follow she follows back even tho she use my tweet account
Don't forget our ping pong table & "Recombobulation Areas." :) And we like to thing of ourselves as unique! Happy Travels!
Arya has to be careful...
Meet in west virgina
Panicing. I need to vent to someone.
Finally home! So much traffic
Finished another project today--hung framed photos of the seasons/environments I miss most from CT. I'm on project fire!
lol not me
I'm at #Digitour2012 w/ & THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!!!
See closing list. Most are not lengthy drives at all MT but in hinterlands ... you will force some into quite lengthy drives
I got my account suspended due to uneven followers vs. following. How come Ashton Kutcher hasn't had his suspended for this same reason!
I know! There is no way to write it that doesn't seem like a humblebrag. So awkward even to think about it.
your so welcome tori :)
MOM:what do you want for your birthday???ME: the ICONic Boyz!!!MOM:Im sorry but im afraid thats not possible
sorry Kyle I still believe you can take it all! Don't give up. Do it now for urselves and DROSE! I know yall can!
RT : Pride Parade in Toronto. Gonna go hand out infor. for people to get tested for HIV with
where did you get the Seymour Herold
i love you!!
drop them some knowledge on them on how to win a BCS bowl game. We gotta end the streak!
When I need someone to talk to,everyone's asleep/:
Morning run and gym session.
Delirium looking for extras. Tomorrow morning Downtown LA, paying 50 bucks cash and food. Message me!
is feeling obligated to post things because so many people are following me on Twitter now. Why!?!? hahaha
Climate is changing; burning oil and other fossil fuels is increasing temperatures with far reaching impacts
Christmas - the only day of the year when it is acceptable to start drinking at 9am.
How awesome is it that things we talk about in class ACTUALLY come up in real life?! Grad school IS useful/applicable!
I'm so hungry.. I could eat a horse
Toliver, no female pronoun in original, I added it because I can & so should you; American duty to rework language & remove binaries
Hey , Jamaican Me Crazy up in here at lunch! Yahoo!
Got literally no sleep last night. Too many thoughts running through my mind... :/ this sucks... waiting for my tushie girl to get here.
Same goes for the pretty women. RT How does an ugly woman keep a good man? Copious amounts of head.
Lifetime tonight everyone go!
so happy to have been at GPB for opening night! you and your cast were amazing!
Oh, hey php. I'm learning slowly, but surely.
#Teenzone is tongiht (: like 5 or 4 more hours . I dont wanna do the math, im already in it now . c:
I hate being that option that doesn't get chose.
Listening to NPR on the ride home to catch this:...
Thanks for that, I didn't have Einar anywhere in my notes
all that matters is that one person who would do everything to be with u
Love IT!!
Tragic news about Holbrooke. A huge loss for America and the world.
Why do they call twitter ; twitter ? And why do they call facebook ; facebook ? Those are weird names . (: Now I'm just saying stupid shit
my nickname only applies here if one of the walls accidentally caves in during this party or if I fall and break my neck :)
3:30 in the morning. I'm talking to my cat in a Mafia Voice "Okay, I make you a deal- a little cat food now, a little later." hahaha
RT : #D2L11 Binder: We get old when we stop playing children's games. (via )
When i cry in front of someone i'm REALLY upset...i do not let people see or hear me cry
School then Queens Center mall
other than an occasional trip to Duluth or the BWCA, how much time does Sen. Franken spend in MN-8?
RT : what chu talkin about? That beautiful body u have
Through the course of history marriage has been used for alliances, power, wealth, etc. I don't think God entered in those equations.
pssshh I'm sorry but there is no bigger #Tribegirl than
Looking forward to playing a private acoustic gig at tomorrow.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there. ~ Josh Billings
the more we love, the more it multiplies
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. ~Franklin D Roosevelt
**Nina writes another deeply sad song from her grave**
SAVANNAH! YOU WANT ME TO HUG RANDOM STRANGERS, BUT YOU WONT COME TO A BASEBALL GAME WITH!? GET YOUR BUTT UP AND COME!
You know, you have to follow someone back to be considered twitter friends!
According to my Garmin watch it is possible to put in more than 100% well HR anyways. Loving tracking my rides
Tweeting in the subway???
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs what would poor kids do? Perhaps fall through the cracks?” –Jerry
Hand cramp. Too many flash cards for finals.
can you please follow me ? i am your biggest fan ? <3
Sending my luv 2 2 Year Anniversary! Thank u 4 providing a platform 4 me 2 showcase my music! Hate I missed the celebration ❤
Bathrooms at the forum equal a sauna full of piss.
.. And even Stevens.. Am I forgetting any?
Thank You for the love! RT : Thanks for the 'Tweet Love'! =)
IDK TEL ME!
Why would you pitch to Lucroy?
Saturday, you make my heart smile so bright it feels like it may just be radiating happiness. :-)
and one chapter can be: "how to say the exact right thing at the exact right time. every time."
Travis: Students' strange, funny answers to questions - Covington News
Would you like to make some easy money??? Avon is the way to go! Message me to get you started.
The humble suffer when the mighty disagree.
Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster? I may have a press interview for you! Send me Direct Message!
#FF13 lovely Jasonette She knows the way to a killer's heart is through his mask holes.
thanks for coming to our Tweetup last year! There's something planned for #iste11, but Kari won't tell me yet!
Follow this girl ---> .... she's amazing, check her videos!! #followbackteam :)
Manila Millions Super High Roller 2012: Biggest Buy-In Ever at HKD$1,000,000
text me lol (;
you can't force a tweet
RE: cheating online; I'll never understand those writing off online ed over cheating, esp. since it occurs in F2F, too.
Time to check out again, can't work all night you know. well yet I could but na. I want to be bright eye'd and bushy tailed tomorrow.
Sowee but I got poptarts and coffee a little bit ago and I barely have 2 pages written
I wonder if i take you home would you still be in love baby because i need you tonight
Eczema. Around my eyes. Jealous?
what ticks me off?? women who pee on the toilet seat! stop it !!!!
JUST CONFIRMED: Ranger Danger opening up for THE DOLLYROTS (Los Angeles) on March 4th at The Summit! More details coming very soon!
Rolling Deep 3>
how funny if lebron gets hit with a piss bottle tonight while missing the game winning shot and maybe a slightly twisted ankle to boot
It's Breakfast Taco Thursday! We're ready to fill your tortillas with Chorizo & Egg, a little cheese, and a dash of salsa this morning!!
I would like to add the words "Warrior" "Caged" "Fury" and "Glory" to the title please.
Bro like im so serious when i say No1 including myself didnt know about foams..I like em bcuz of the history Now evry1 want em
Ugly people should save up for plastic surgery.
It looks BEAUTIFUL! Where in Mexico is that!? Enjoy!
First 730 class for the next 4 weeks........meh
Exhausted #Annie rehearsals every night this week for four hours. Friday a night first show then two on Saturday. I'm Annie in Annie jr
I'm having a hard time keeping up with all of your sweet wishes. Thank you, I'll find a way to repay you all w/freshly baked coffee cake.
Dismembered With Children.
Making a packing list for California so I'm garanteed to remember everything
I am so addicted.
Great weekend in Denver and fun to see my man do work today. Red eye back to DC in a bit.
Arranged/wrote another handbell piece for my adult group.
And to think I felt bad when I heard Tami had a heart attack. Uhh... I'm not surprised. This heifer is psycho.
Ever considered yard crashing internationally? My mom loves your show and she dreams about you crashing her yard in Aruba .
I am thinking about getting a BMW 330i Touring for a new car!
You're quite welcome.
I'm in Anaheim with no car...
Lower cross syndrome is a condition associated with sitting all day, which is often followed by lower back pain -ask me how I can help
The vikings are way too talented to be 0-4 get it TOGETHER!!!!!!
the Lord is molding me to leave the past where it is...
it's just as bad when they are yelling and jumping all over you. It's only easy when they are gone for the day.
hahahahaha how are u
Anything in particular keeping you awake? If not, tea and a boring movie. ;-)
There was definitely sand in my running shoes when I put them on this morning. A little token of San Diego in DC - also reminder 2 run more.
just watached Cars for like the 100th time (: such a cute movie. i loved the ending scene, with the dedicatoin. so cute.
I know the only thing that'll convince you is the rock's cooking. :D
good nite world of twitter.com
#thevoice Wonder if Christina enjoys taping her tits into stuff.
that's a tough sell....making checks cool.....really??
You two have a great time together today! :)
in so many words yes. Haha Yanks win. Talk to you tomorrow brew.
is a great organization.
twattering to you live from club
Louis surprised Eleanor before she went in to her exam by popping out before she walked in to begin the test.
It's the imperfections in life that make it perfect.
Having good news the same day your best friend has bad news
lets just say it pays the bills lol!! What u been up to???
Looks like another night for Anita Baker...
#sonsofguns Love this show :)
Everything cost more where I live... I be mad af.
It was not just ehhhh! It was great.  You're crazy.
Middleton girls win Monona T&F Invitational for 2nd year in a row with 118 pts. Verona 2nd with 90.
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE it's here and has ambushed my FB.....the dreaded...TIME LINE....EGAD!
Lindzi didn't cry that much, maybe she's relieved she doesn't have to marry the geico caveman
I feel like it's sensible to restrict access to our web server to internal-to-campus IPs. Our Sysadmin's no dummy. :)
I held my reply til I heard story end. By the time W got to the oatmeal it was, well, stone cold. W was touched, but still...
when people stick pencils and shit through my tunnel
Well, I do have catching up to do! My envy is lessened...
I Kinda Just Wanna Be Isolated,
white noise
I'm a realist with an unrealistic perspective.
Say what you want re: Madonna- she looks great for her age- any age! Who cares about lip syching. She can teach the young ones a thing or 2
What kind of shop & where is it located? My next trip to Nashville is in July & I may want to check it out. Please reply.
#nisoEbook Paxhia astionishef that almost as many students are purchasing their books from Amazon as university book store (<50%)
It's too bad a dick like Nick Saban is rewarded with a national championship.
it looks so much scarier than the first season!xx
Lightskinned dudes Finna get some play off da bulls
": Woah upstairs is a maddhouse tonight . . . on now and I'm next! Bam!"
relaxing enjoying the sun trying to decided if I wanna do some work lol
Hi Monty. (It's Nina.) Thanks for the follow. Have a nice weekend! It's raining A LOT up in Taos.
How So? RT I need your talents !
"In P.E. class, there's always that one person who thinks it's the damn olympics."omfg so true!
Woody Harrelson And Forest Whitaker Join Out Of The Furnace As Production Begins From Crazy Heart director Scott Cooper.
To really anyone who has supported us from the begining, New fans or followers, thank you from the bottom of our hearts
i shoulve kissed u whn u wr right here with ne n i regreat bo doibg it now duck my life cuz i really liked u
What are u all up to?
Thanks, you too!
Loving Peaches set!!! The crowd is so lame though! Killing me!!
Glad you came and enjoyed the game. Luckily the dunk show went on without a hitch this time!
Heh, I know that quote.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it. ~ Yogi Berra
Stuck at home while everyone is out having fun. 
Dodgeball tournament was so fun!!!
what could be more more important
we are looking for a more automated process.
I am being crippled physically inside my Apt by use of device why are u allowing this to continue?
you look like you're from the future and you've been sent here to save Sarah and John Connor.
When a boy you used to talk to just becomes ugly haha.
I like maps and I like Ancient Rome.
lmao about what?
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom sitting in front of a screen for more than two hours a day. Get them outside and muddy!
Awk moment when ur gf farts and everyone in her house hears it
My camera phone just said I maxed out pictures. Prob all of my dogs. Y'all don't know me!
Who won the debate? Cuomo. Who did I like the best? Jimmy McMillan. Who will I vote for? NOYDB!
If your band is interested in playing with Bernuda/Creations/Adaliah on Friday, April 13th @ The White Rabbit reply to me!
they have so many scoring threats, Miami has 3, OKC has 3, LA has 3
mornin'!!! RT : Good morning you two.
i don't have school today (:
I had every intention of bed early tonight then my piercing fell out. that's what I get for playing w/my ear! 1 hr l8r my ear= jeweled again
Hey Lacy follow me here I Travel to Mississippi if you need some staining www.acidstainer.com
Catch em why you can cause I got mind now and had it for a while
Just coped Da Gallon of Goose fina fuck the city up one time!!!!
he must've made a new vid?
Romeo + Juliet Original Soundtrack ♫ To You I Bestow - Mundy - 1996 ♫
This artist lifestyle is taking some getting used to.
um obviously you don't reed my tweets... Jk
u should check out my agent legacy talent
Out of ICSTI-CODATA task group (due end 2012) will be a report of a survey results & recommendations on standards needed
Get outta here bitch
every time i touch you i touch you i feel you .... OMFG REALLY WHEN YOU TOUCH ME YOU CAN FEEL ME NO SHIITTT !
Goodness there is soo much going on around me...but you just gotta be yourself and be Happy cuz in all reality it could be worse.. =]
Nice! You like some brownies with your sugar? ;)
Right on cue...commercial break right before make their pick. An annual tradition.
working on the set of the movie new years eve today
He will, indeed, love Latin! I should put you in touch with another former student, daughter of friends, similar profile
Hey Ally, love your Twitter background image. Where did you get it?
Something to always remember: the world is very small.
And every time you come around I forget I swore to never let you back in
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Gotta make something happen not just sit around and wait for it this place is like a prison I think I'm going to have to make a break for it
Tater tots and a mango smoothie
I have a new single for y'all this is one you definitely wanna download, enjoy!!!! Its called "Chill"
Work. Someone should visit me and bring me food! *cough cough*
lots of junk still gets made. VC's or no.
hit a HR before Pujols... I'll be damned.
The strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong.
Not often as a child. My 1st adult spanking was from a gf who saw me ogling other women's butts in a bistro. When we got home...
They are. PBO is aggressive/muscular to a fault IMHO. Repubs would love to do what he has but lack competence MT : Rs weak on Securty
New school involves parents/uses in-school discipline. 'the difference in my son is huge' with passing grades, sports, friends
Watching just go with, with Jas<3
Everyone can go fuck themselves. ✌
Excited about this song :)
Not gonna lie. I miss the predictability of 8hrs with my computer. At my desk. At work. This child-rearing home-making stuff is HARD.
9 AM and it's already 75 degrees! #HappySpring Y'all!!
Preparing for the new semester! Recruitment meeting this week, leadership retreat next week!
SORRY FOR THE MAJOR DELAY FOLKS!!! MOJO'S WORLD WILL BE BACK UP BY THIS COMING FRIDAY! GUARANTEED!!! :)
MONDAY 4/16 from 6-8pm Success Coach, presents: The Royal Ladies #SmallBusiness Incubator Launch & Pitch
tonight's finale was uh-mazing!!! This show just keeps on getting better and better. Thank you!!!!
lmfaoo i got it at the mother daughter tea!
I'm afraid wed b found out! Hehehehehe. It sounds like a lot of fun to me:-) id b willing to take the risk:-)
Do any of yall know when the final project proposal is due?
how you been
JUST SIGNED 'ARTIST LP' 8 TRACKS.... DARK!!!!!
why is it important for students to be involved in SM?
thank you so much! <3
God help us all!
Have you tried our Grilled All Natural Rib Eye Steak? If you haven't you're missing out!
omfg no she was your first :'( lol was she? :p
good stuff!
Supernova Explosion Ripped Star&#39;s Guts Inside Out
Retweet if u a 90s baby
Instagram : skinny jeans :: Facebook : Sweatpants
Happy anniversary! :) Have a great one. Here's to one that'll last forever.
Cinda made us 997 members on Facebook AAUW group - getting close!
Happy Birthday Austin
life of a vet bro. Semper Fi
I just paid $3.30 for a gallon of gas and felt good about it. We're a brain-washed people.
Creating amazing album art... not a quick and easy thing to do.
Taking time to remember EZ Co.'s "Buck" Compton, one of the "Band of Brothers" in the 506th Parachute Infantry Reg. who passed last month
Yo ass is grass...
We've reached 153! Now we need to get to 200! Help me out here, guys. The two people who tweet about me the most, will win something! :D
very good! Way to show the kid who's boss
Why do you do what you do? Question posed to audience at museum preconference.
that's great--please greet him for me. I enjoyed showing him and Nancy around the Museum.
Rise & Fly
Is the one on your website good?
JLO wanted to call Puffy
You are welcome, feel free to "follow" us here, on our blog, and on Facebook.
I don't even know what day it is! Is it time for #5thchat?
The horrible moment/feeling when you wake up thinking it was Saturday. & it's not.
#RIP Maurice Sendak, so many great memories with my dad reading your stories, you will be missed
Sweet. Good luck!
For $10 discount tix to Atlanta Ballet "Fusion" on 3/25 at Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center use code "INDUSTRY" thru ticketmaster.
In Frozen they're supposed to be freezing to death but you can never see their breath...
Check out my new web page www.jewallep.webstarts.com
Great takeaway from "Nothing says irrelevance like begging for relevance" #libmade (remember this! let things evolve organically!)
lovin this weather today :)
yea he don't!! Yuki gets mad when I cook too
Thanks mama <3
Hope you have a wonderful time Stephani!
Electronics to be drag on Singapore growth-cbank
I didn't
no I want u to have fun :]]
you can but u wont b able to hang. I have a test that week
good choice, be prepared to be overwhelmingly busy :) mostly just be prepared. Good Luck after HS!
#Surrendered... "If You Want To Stand Up; You Got To Learn How To Kneel."
Bought a copy of Are You There God? to send to my 10 yr old niece.
Hey bud, what's your current address, Uncle Chris
it was an amazing week! Great working with you!
#BFC2012 : Repaying in kind enables people to support you, adding #engagement & brand equity without needing to manage cash flow.
hey. have you checked your tracking number? We send tracking numbers with all purchases.
The Florida Prisons Bill will ensure the continued victimization of citizens for profit.Should be no fed or private paws in CJ
why? :/ and I don't know hahaha and I really don't care :P
great seeing everyone too! Love #dafam, summer can't be here soon enough!
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee ~ David Frost Is this true in your house?
We need a piece of Grey for our new office !
I'm not a fan of facts. You see, the facts can change, but my opinion will never change, no matter what the facts are.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. - Phyllis Diller
My God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above!!! <3
#FF : Thanks! You may wish to
Wouldn't mind if they let Jansen finish the 9th...
You never what's gonna happen when and get together... LISTEN to Within The Hour on BTR at 10:30pm!!
We'll get you some blinders.
: Using pythagorean tuning for an open 5ths/4ths rhodes part and shocked how much less phasing is occurring.
Thanks to my 2nd period gf I passed that government quiz and got the highest in the class.
SO cute! Damn e is tall!
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Ask about there moms
Love how every other time I request an ILL book from the , they just go ahead and buy it.
RT : Pretty amazing that we now have 9 official, state-designated scenic bikeways! Program only started in 2009.
Hello and Thanks for the Tweet.
nothing much just doing my schoolwork
Thanks for the RTs and happy tuesday!
Renewable Energy Development: Smaller Projects That Think Big
just a nice relaxing 10 mile run :) how bout you
": what upper fam!"lefttoe love the hits#on top of biz
Nice to meet you. I used to live in Savanah for 6 years or so. My name's Zach.
just saw this. Thanks girl :)
No Buzz in my inbox. iPhone Buzz post in continuous loop. Google Buzz sounds great in theory. I guess I wait, and continue tweeting.
on his new venture EXEC. "nows the best time to start a business" "a ton of opportunities to invent"
Self made self paid
": My boyfriend means so much to me."
A nice fresh salad with all kinds of pretty colors!
I try to stay away from people who constanly bring me down, but them hoes keep coming back...
I do know the Stanchion. In fact I spent St. Party's Day there!
I've noticed that has been allowing pet dogs, not just dogs for the visually impaired, on the buses now. Is this a new rule?
Been playing 600/1200 all day after busting main. I've forgotten all about busting AK < AQ.
Is this when you try to create a new spot?
~ What's Up Dawg? Going to hit the Follow button for you. Say "Hi" to Lisa for me. Come see me in Scottsdale for some golf.
If you love someone put there name in a circle because hearts can be broken but circles never end;) RT
It's sad. They don't respect anyone's privacy or believe in permission.
I find it hilarious when people think they know your life better than yourself.
The parallels between “Too Big to Fail” & the #dodgers are eerie. Think about it, leveraged assets, no cash and a bailout.
I always go for the most shocking and inappropriate titles.
I'm sure she'll school me, especially when it comes to feeding times. :)
Where do you find your clients? Or do you pitch stories yourself?
me too I don't want to go home and just sit and play xbox
Chien: has a current survey out on impact of trolls on small companies #innact Humanizes problems of trolls.
John James Audubon was unsuccessful for most of his life. He was a terrible businessman. No matter how many times he changed locations, chan
Happy New Year!!! We hope 2012 brings you joy, good health and prosperity!
If u a R&B THUG y'all not riding harder than Rayj he got niggas rapeing niggas LOL
we're hoping to come tomorrow, but if not, soon! Glad your people got the night off!
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there in America. Keep up the good work
Im gonna keep up with yoi tonight my friend. I'm all game for the Pats. :-)
Let's not forget what breing a shredder is all about
File under: Irony! Bait and switch! Stuff what happens in VA!
I love u most
Forget the old program, eat something every 2 hours or so ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Favre to testify in suit over his racy texts
im thinking of a name that always makes us laugh. . .
Love of mine, someday you will die; but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
Filming new season of
meeting students with a boat, monkey, car, broom, etc avatar on Come on, choose a human body and help me not laugh:-)
They can -- it's called a messenger bag.
Grinding like there is no tomorrow...NO DAYS OFF- until memorial wkend that is....LoLz
now you're just somebody that I use to know.
I was actually thinking luz should come visit all of us. you know, lunchroom hijinks.
#TenFactsAboutMe 9) erm.. I want curly hair, but its never gonna happen
Same as U u know uur icon looks cute! 8]
why do u do this to me! U look hot and tan!
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
#MarchMadness at the "KFC Yum! Center" - what a great arena name.
I didn't know that Green Exchange was you guys. Wonder if knows that.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)6
That's quite the nice collection you got there!
Met 2day, wht a fab lady & #entrepreneur she is! Doing awesome work to help busy prof. #women release dead weight of all kinds.
I wonder what Barbara Walters is doing. Right now. This very moment.
I think #Spence needs to lead stretching exercises every morning at ! Need to get my #DownwardDog on!
that would be soccer creeping in your head, don't fight it let it take the spot...its okay
The thing I don't understand about Phil Mushnick's "full Jay-Z treatment" column is that the logo Jay-Z designed is pretty classy.
hmm reading the tribune and discovered the new britney song! not a bad way to start the day.
I just realized I can write my own style language with LESS. CSS, it's been fun, but not real fun. ..wait, did I just screw that up?
no prob drinks on me Lol
Thanks thanks. Hoping this will be first of many shows this year.
#HCG Quote! "Every vice has its excuse ready." ~Publilius Syrus
I still watch that shit .
I can not stop thinking in a british accent today. *I'm even typing this in the accent*
Something about the name Jesus!
okay, so you see when he's in the car with me he'll tweet while driving but he couldn't reply to you cuz he was driving
n'aww RT : Happiest of Birthdays to Ms. ! Hope you have a great day! (Everyone should follow her btw)
Now happily accepting donations and volunteers... Let's get it started in here! www.LaneForCongress.com
Perfect, what should I do?
Omar Sosa SF. Omar is like no other...visionary!
Oh my fucking… RT : Cannes Trade news: Isabelle Huppert in David Gordon Green's Suspiria remake.
Well since I don't have to wake up SO early tomorrow, I'll watch the stream :-)
I'm failing math right now & I have so much English homework it's ridiculous. But where am I? Shopping. #whynot 👍
Happy Monday everyone!
Double by Tulowitzki brings in 2 for the Rockies. Someone needs to teach AJ Ellis how to block the plate. LA 1 COL 3
Football is violence and cold weather and sex and college rye.Roger Kahn
I saw her on TV. She's trying to get the network on its feet. Says she made a mistake launching it while still on TV.
CONGRATS to you and Cristina you are certainly blessed!
I think my dentist told me I couldn't eat for an hour just to spite me.
I wish more people recognized the importance of PEG channels in providing locally relevant content and preserving regional history.
Gary Harris just Posterized 2 dudes on a mean crossover in the lane!!!
Call me maybe, and
It's almost impossible not to blast country music with your windows down in this weather (:
miss u too babe. see u in a few weeks
Warming while waiting for to show up in !
Ughh its super hot in the valley
I look more like - "Run your shit Berlin" in that pic
New preproduction song up on Facebook/Reverbnation! The song is called Non-Locality!
My Mom said when her stories go off, then she's going to play the Wii with me. :/// Eff them stories! Lets play!!
I love neu's pharmacy on west Lynn.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - .
I get on th El and see
i wish i could go to the lock in :(
I feel like I've lost connection with my best friend..
Working with some great editors using TWITTER everyday. People like ... that's how to grow subscribers!
Oh, I want to see that!!!!
Chef Geoff's in Tysons—it was the five hour braised pork shank.
Congratulations to Adrienne Custer for winning a pair of tickets to see tonight at ! See you tonight!
The content of your show sort of overshadows your "sort of", habit.
“: Thank you Jesus! For what? EVERYTHING! #RH8”
yes why?
What what Premier show! Yeah'boy!!!!
i think you look gud whith ur braces on:#
Its cool, sun still shining
Down goes Ohio State!
I love ya too and I am now that I am feeling better and my mom is not mad about directv anymore. :)
Thank you.
Eat as close to the source as possible - the further down the processing line, the less nutritional value you get from food.
Does anyone else feel a shift in energy today? #2012?
Yeah, I'm just not into Alabama Shakes. I've tried, Twatterverse, I've tried.
Carroll: copyright does not protect factual data -- in public domain.
someone in baltimore won the jackpot? they could literally buy baltimore and still have a little something something left over.
Bloody Brunch hearts :)
U a hater
How about they all should stay out of each others buisness
My nigga ike like wtf is up wit these wigs
i rec prairie dresses...
LOL, there are some shows that i commit to watching but don't really love them. not many, but this seems to be one right now.
u bettr follow me b4 i wup u
we would still beat east tho. we would have Travis dunkin on u ahha
#JingleInJuly TOMORROW!! 2-4PM !! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
realyl?the first lady underfire for a trip to spain? omg!! the american people.....is it a big deal or not? if a big deal, why????
#mythoughtsatschool can this bitch get any dumber #stuck why is she in all my classes?
REAL TALK.
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a John Deere from Smith Tractor Company and BonfireJam? Yeehaw!
The last episode of #californication seemed a lot more like a series finale than a season finale...
Why is red your favorite color?
I just used my HTML skills to make a link on my tumblr blog/resume and rejoiced outloud when it worked!!!
I'll pass it along! Thanks! And glad we'll see you at #PDXCSTS2012!
What are your "Passions" in media studies? What do you concentrate most on?
Rock and Cucumber -- square one cucumber vodka / rock saké junmai daiginjo / fresh lime juice
and Im still up
Likewise! Have fun at the Food & Wine Fest this weekend. :-)
The best thing I could have done is follow !
I never saw him on any lists, so I emailed Hefty on a wim just to see and never got a response so I figured that was a no, but bam
I'm happy for Andre Iguodala. He is soo unselfish.
Follow the conversation from our panel today at
RT : So, last question wildcard. Q4: What are you doing w/ your Megamillions winnings? :)
bahaha no worries girl, I feel ya on that one!!
WMYB on my Justin Bieber radio on Pandora. Cool.
Welcome new followers , , !
I want to be drew berrymoore.
Is your mom as sweet as our Original Glazed Doughnuts? Bring her into Krispy Kreme and get a free cup of coffee 2morrow. Happy Mother's Day!
Every time i hear that song i go back
I'm Batman You're Robin, End Of.
Hammond "continuity is an issue for us. Don't know what's going to happen."
What American Co needs a perfect song for their Next Campaign Strategy ? "What I Love About America " see Video at www.rickeyleewatson.com
I'm watching Tangled on Netflix on a Saturday Night. This is very upsetting. #ThingsThatShould Be Banned
Wish i was going to the Bruins game
I rooted my phone and now have wifi tethering, openvpn, and real linux action
had me cryin...
Kudos to and for stepping up and fixing my shopping experience.
I voted for him!!
The DWP just phoned--more than nine hours after this morning's electrical failure ended--to inform us that our lights are back on.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and re-entry. He's the man for the job. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org.
okay thank you :)
Culinary Crossroads runs until May 25 w/ delicious items like Serrano Ham and Melon Salad, Shrimp and Fava Beans & Weiner Schnitzel
Me to!
Don't be ashamed of who you are , cause some where some how there is someone wishing they were you .
Nothing tops the experience of writhing in pain to remind you what a helpless little loser you really are
gorgeous! && the colors are great! i LOVE nude & neutral shoes. you can wear them with anything! :)
Is twitter one of the signs of the apocalypse??
hes.not okay.
Sorry for
Made a wardrobe run for a project, then scouted a location for another project. At the last stop, then back to paperwork.
ah que legal!! :D de nada amr! :D
Shorter Team Obama: That CBS/NYT poll is biased ... because ... well, because we say it is!
Worked with your buddy on a film and she raved about you. Here's to your continued success in 2012!
Idk it starts at 6. You went to football games last year.
Can't beloved my teacher acctualy told the Guy I like I have a crush on him the other day ugh!!¡
Followed by
I hope that if I'm ever breathing heavily into the mic during a conference call, someone will find a way tactfully to let me know.
lovin #lotusflowerbomb what was you inspiration for that song?
Tonight, I'll be at South Arm Community Center from 7-8pm, IN COSTUME! Come out to this safe fireworks display.
i wish a nigga would put his hands on me, don't think I'm one of these dumb btches that's gone allow it, i fight back idc who you is.
Dear PR Professionals--Sunday afternoons are great for news-worthy events...I know everyone competes for Sat AM, but Sunday is where its at.
Reach U Network Inc. CEO Christopher Edwards 2012 Host for H.O.P.E. Inc.'s 19th Annual Fair Housing Month Celebration
~ Do you EVER answer any of your messages? I've been trying to reach you.......
People hate Lebron because he didn't pick the Bulls & now the Bulls have no one ! :O
Today. I. Will. Book. Booyahhhhhhh
hey grl! hope ur doing well
thinkin bout past relationships n niggas i fucked with. wtf was i thinkin! lol glad i finally found my 1 n only.... love u
Why do I drink, well it all started 6 years ago..... Sounds like a good story huh.
No repeat Snowmageddon 2012 experience for me thanks! Not today at least.
Please don't tell me that I'm dreaming.
SCOOTING LIKE THE LIGHTNING
RT : There's a reason far more of my friends in UK run their own businesses than friends in US: having healthcare.
Sorry, which one is Turd Blossom again? Can't keep them all straight. :)
This makes me sad. I swear I'm nice in real life. "Klouchebag score for : 50 - "bit of a douchebag"
Haha Already picked them up.
I love eavesdropping on when he's being interviewed by students. It's always interesting.
Been to the batting cages two days straight and my batting skills improve tremendously.
I'm sure it's because of the derby. Or magic.
Go to www.reshapethenation.com, get a profile, and join our community!! Interact with fellow reshapers and motivate each other!
"Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn't spend half our time wishing." -- Alexander Woollcott, Cri ...
Claudia: your legs are disgusting . Me: your face is disgusting . Bahaha
yay!! Thank you!!
no,no,no. Kentucky plays at 945. Let's chill at my house and watch the game.
All this college bball is so intense.
« Your a hypocrite. -___- enough said» !!!!
I might quit using twitter till the end of the season of or till I get cable.
your pension reform is illegal! !!!!
Arkansas' defense has been unstoppable in the second half. Buckeyes are looking nervous.
March is Nutrition Month. What is one thing you can do to add better nutrition to your lifestyle?
Anyone test out the new #CS6 beta?
Have a good fire going. Trying to use my wood, way behind this winter with the warm weather!
Thinking about and playing with sounds of 70s futurism: analog synths, Laurie Anderson.
Thanks for the support!
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
See a bitch from another school holding a lax stick give them the death look
#GroupTravel throughout Florida and Abroad!
you should talk to - email me at we can meet u
haha I like this
hahaha it's so hard on my iPhone..just don't judge me! Giggle all you want because I am lol
that was from She keeps accidentally tweeting from my account on her phone.
- Tuesday we announce a new website that allows active-duty and vets to come out on video or in writing. We'd love your help.
hey I meant to say sorry I couldn't make it I had to work his was it? How is your new place?
Spilled coffee on my newly dry cleaned blazer, got caught in the rain, & passed a black cat in the alley
Somethin is missing...
Where are you taking Mom this weekend? Go to: or
RT : If O was as intelligent as his flock deems him2b He wld understand majority of "we the ppl" R against the obama effect
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Is Now Accepting Online Registrations..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Good luck, Coach! RT Game 2 against colo st. berth in the finals on the line.
Wanna to get more followers my friends? Come on, follow me, I will follow you back right away. Lets enjoy tweeting and share ideas freely.
Minimum $40,000 a year to incarcerate someone regardless of what they did. The highest prison population in the world. "Land of the Free?"
my version of hiphop is strictly punk rock. say what you want, basement recording type shit. fuck yer polished nonsense.
"Racks" by YC is the
I'm even later lol nthn been chillin how u been
No pain ; No gain
IF ONLY YOU'D SEE WHAT I CAN SEE YOU'D UNDERSTAND WHY I WANT YOU SO DESPERATELY
AYO FOREAL TRAILERS ARE BECOMING SPOILERS ENOUGH
Congratulations! They're lucky to have you!
He can get all that in the Big Apple (except the sun and women in bikinis)..
you should regard us as you "amen" section.
i alwayys forget my homework in school...
Celebrating my client - got below his goal weight and now makes healthy eating a priority! He looks and feels great!!!
congratulations on joining & a team! PS-I just bought my dad an HP comp for his bday
Sunday funnies - www.freekshowradio.com Listen & Laugh!
It still amazes me how the Dolan's don't invest in their team. Gilbert clearly showed how it could pay off
I love my busy Friday, feels like I don't have even one minute break, oh, almost, I do have one now!))
Yep, just found that - deleting - thanks!
does that change what you order?
Sick shot by a great photographer (give some love!)
Salon owners, you need to be hitting your clients from several different angles to keep you on the forefront of their minds.
God u r such a fucking pussy Ovie I swear. We are goona chant you out of the fucking Stadium on saturday u little bitch
Happy Friday Everyone! Maybe I'll go see The Rum Diaries this weekend!
researching the car bailout.. does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
“: This battle belongs to the Lord. He does not lose, ever, irrespective of the odds!”.
girl it took me a half hour to figure what ily meant! Love you too!
Ray Allen to the HEAT? What?
Hi Jayson-Thank you for following me which allowed me to follow you & find your quotes! There are no accidents. I'll be checking in- a lot!
21-25 in the same section we did in class, its the advertisements
I can see that. There is no regulation here for a commercial kitchen that I know of. cc;
“: Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you.”
thrilled by AWC's #bbrunch11! amazing women celebrating each other. and everyone looks like easter eggs!!!
Then I wiped it off. Then my sister took a shower, and the mirror steamed, and the soaped places said...
yeah they never haver a top #recruiting class though. Its a shame
#RumorHasItThat you owe me a drink
don't go there again. Don't you DARE make me cry again.
why not?
this by far is the greatest tweet in the history of tweeting
#nowplaying international players anthem -
Great closing! Wonderful play.
Hey guys, please don't open the bad blog message. It's spam! We were hacked but hopefully we fixed it. Again do NOT read it!!!
Baby feels like s/he is trying to bust thru my skin! TMI, sorry, but his/her head is still up making mommy's tummy very sore.
RT : Getting very nerdy over here at , discussing the best nerd board games and their virtues / faults.
I just said a pretty bitchy reply to chris aw ☺
i love you more(; <3 you should RT it this time?(: hehe
We are excited to announce that Seasons 52's 23rd restaurant will be opening in Santa Monica, CA during fall 2012!
so you'll be gone for about 3 days? I THINK NOT!
Have a happy hump day everybody!
Ok, I'm following my friends but they not following me, I'll give'm a week b4 I delete.
Omg. You're perfect. That's my favorite Disney movie next to lion king.
Which suggests that you can imagine turning down a review because you are FB friends with that individual. Just curious.
don't you think making such an outrageous statement is interesting enough?
About to watch Limitless in class, yeeuhh
Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for this year?
or he could hit 11 threes and 7 Fts and 4 dunks in next game! Hasn't broke out yet this year...
Ok. So my car gave me a deep 6 inch cut today and it HURTS
I did, I've been home for almost 30 minutes now
Tonight at Ginko service industry party, free sushi, drink specials, Dj, when we run out of room the party moves upstairs
Looks like work is letting out. Beer Garden is filling up fast. Come kick back and relax. It's beer time!
Wrote All day and morning. Need to sleep, good night world. Seeyou u bright and early tomorrow ;).
For my "Day of the Dead" project, Imma make a tribute to biggie <3 hahahah teacher bout to be like "who the hell is that??"
Will TD Ameritrade new stadium in Omaha grow College Baseball or stagnate it?
RIP Joe Paterno
Thanks for all the love!
you are an inspiration and I am your biggest fan! Thank you
i spend ~1-4 hr per day singing to baby
First visit to sesame place for the season today!
Where are you, Design Jedi?
#20ThingsAboutMe...you'll never have 2 question my loyalty.
At the #HondaIndyGrandPrix of Alabama today. Great day for racing! Let's go
Well you've still got a few days to enjoy it, yah?
This graduation practice is about as exciting as a root canal
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
I hope I become the birthday magician from the Clear commercial when I'm old.
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
Be authentic. There is nothing more than that the world needs from you.
still in downtown #Philly watching paint dry.
no matter what my px width is, it still tiles. Suggestions?
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open
Can I get a RT ...Raising $$$ for 2nd Harvest Food Bank in Madison. Need 20-more followers to beat in a twitter race
I still need to get my nails done before the concert O___o I should have done that today lol.
So everyone is saying they grew up with iCarly. Bitch I grew up with All That and The Amanda Show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you!
i wanna go guitar shopping now ... 🎸
I knew there was a reason that you haven't texted me in weeks....Because your talking to "her" I"m so stupid. I should have known...
I always dug
Montero has some pop. You hours like those pink shoes.
Fresh new batch of henna ready for you event or private body art in our comfy Stuido. $85 for an hour and a half! Let's do Art on you!
#dmac2010 non-coffee drinkers: electric kettle in the dmp for hot chocolate (byo), tea (in dmp), or anything else you do with hot water.
relevant to absorption are circumvented by intravenous
i hope you realize that if you text me a "K" i'm going to ignore you.
Is Span going to get dealt?
Personally, I'm in love with Peets Tea and Serendipitea. I special order them because I can't find them in Florida.
A Spring storm last night. Chilly. Snow level down to1,000 ft.. Brought my baby cypress back in. Put it out for the day. Needs more light.
Just watched and the rest of Avon Tennis whoop up on mccutcheon
I got 99 problems but a slut ain't one.
says she has never been on a date. I've only ever been on two where I didn't already know the other person.
Fuck yeah man! It was a really good episode.
Up early to get my run in before I go see Avengers. :)
for some early morning decor #photography then to work on the
that means I'm even worse off, and I can't sleep...
Social media tools need to be used to share content that is a beneficial. Genuine connections/communication.
I just hope #WVU gets a invite to the NIT!
Attention students: courses will continue as usual tonight at both campuses. Spread the word! & Happy MLKJ Day!
More coffee?
Yeah whats next you dont like to Frat !You dont deserve a penis ": Babe when are we going to chill "
I wasnt aware someone could get so trashy so fast, its been what like 3 weeks?!
Anytime Kat, enjoy your tweets, who can resist reading about killer glass )
I love finding cash in my pockets!
#TVLand awards:i wear gaucho's and my hair in a bun, so. but candice bergin-why the tux? and feel free to say "allyson why the clogs?"
Your tweets are annoying
Send a note to staff after meeting to remind them of your mission
. I get that a *lot*. (Apparently I have lost relatives in the South + Midwest who I look "just like.") I'm gonna try that!
#deepthought why don't coasters made of wood have water rings from cups?
Yes, a feast, !! Sounds really YUMMY! Good night!
What does that mean?
Roll Tide Roll!!!!!! Way to not get past midfield LSU...you are showing your badgerific colors!
Karen! So glad you can join us tonight on #InternPro... welcome!
Really just bought "Follow You" on iTunes. Only wish my bestie would've told me. Oh well.
Sleep mask with brand name
I wish you would just love me.
I havent fallen in love yet but when it happens i know im gonna fall hard.
you guys tune into "In the Trenches" m-f, 10-11, on sportstalk 790.....we love the Pack naturally
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field.. and there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now!
Hey man, getting your package to go out today! Let me know when you get your Dreams bag!!!
This Mothers Day, celebrating by birthing something. If you're into that kind of stuff.
The Elegant University.
Buy local! Come to the NCRVDA Annual Show, supported by the local NCRVDA Dealers!
OMGG!! I found my long lost friend!! YAYYY
no news feed yet. I have registered her own domain name already though
um YEAH
Im replying to random tweets on my timeline bored as fuck beware bitches ;P
I don't usually, I can't do spicy foods yet here I am dumpin hot sauce on my mac and cheese and stuffin my face
GM Wigulous!! Start ur day w/ better thinking! Make money w/ hair extensions & exit the rat race! Email 4 free info on how
Good one. I like to do brainteasers or a quick game like Boggle. Also effective: "who came the farthest distance 2day?"
Tony the "Prince Charming" shoe-bearing schmoozer with the 12 yo son: already said no about him. It still stands.
Haha. I think it's super awkward, but honestly knowing those things would have been helpful for me :) Great job, HUGH!
Good morning lense lover!! :) get ready for a crazy busy weekend..
do you do house partys or would consitter doing one?
Sorry, Meryl. I did that. Whatever. Not you, again.
Congrats, lady. Proud of you, as always!
I'm an aunt to a beautiful baby boy! Congratulations sis, ! He's perfection!
Thanks, I will. great chat.
#RESPECT #CLIPPERS RT : you guys got game 6! Do work!
yes, yes it is wonderful!
Looking forward to photographing 5th Annual FEST-OF-ALL tonight!
Is very bummed that I can't find any San Diegans going to the Sacramento Eboard Convention Endorsements this weekend :(
Hey there!! :) How have you been!?
I'm right behind them.
Join us at 11:30 for mimosas in the Celebration Gardens. Step-Off is at 1 p.m. Arrive early - #OccupyIndy is in the same area as
Ottawa paw Ojibwa
When I was a small child, my aunt told me that you can't think of more than one thing at a time. I thought of a collage of related things.
I lasted all day at the office! Now...BED TIME (or at the very least a long nap)!
chances not very good
That is SO kind! I still need to come write in your clubhouse
Dear migraine, it is late and I really think you should leave now.
Sleep, hugs, kisses, love, friends, family, memories, smiles, laughter and fun...the best things in life really are free :)
Bluegrass for the rest of the night.
Check out our updated Website and Reduced Prices!! Can still register for September! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aw what a small world!!! Hi Dolls!!! :)
And the rookie Landeskog continues the #Avs push for the playoffs!
I miss Hairston....
Why is it so much harder to finish my own website than it is for me to build one for a client?
hell ya bro! Whatcha need?
Im very sick
YOUR LOSS.
Will all ways be a Lefty guy but nice to see Tiger get a W.
Thank you, gentlemen!
I'm a fan but I bet Kobe has bitch slapped Barnes at least once in the locker room...
oh my god same here. im trying next week.
One big hole in #Spotify : search by record label. This is so important for electronic music.
#Beyond The Valley of the Dolls straw bed has to suck
If UNC or Duke get Shabazz, nothing will come of it. FreeShabazz
time for Denny's!
tomorrow gonna go to the cherry blossom festival at japantown! 😃
Kinda sad I can't get the new Seahawks jersey before the draft tonight. But I'll be sporting the draft hat.
They backed it up. Time to head down the road to Foxboro
Make a waxing reservation with us this weekend to get Spring Break ready and ditch the razor this vacation!
I would go with the young and reckless v neck.
Think I'm gonna watch the rest of this Kentucky -Indiana track meet on the treadmill to get a better feel for it. Who needs a 3D TV?
Intriguing proposal, thoughts? MT “: I would pay higher taxes if all HS grads would get 2 yrs free in state college tuition”
when will we find out which country won out of the international poll (:?
i know, i wanna meet them so bad! my dream is to get discovered with my singing, & then make Harry mine! :D
Playing a private event at The Hard Rock today.. Expect to hear smooth jazz versions of Hannah Aldridge songs.
Thanks so much, one of our fun pet projects!
Had a good workout today.
I'll find it and post it. No worries. :)
Good evening! back from cool ride, back to more editing ;)
WOW can they come back after their contract ? ": they went over during the lockout"
come on!! where is the
haha I know I know
You can literally just do a Twitter search and see fans calling Joel Ward a "you know what". Media pins it on Boston. Go look at other towns
• I'm aware, I'm aware. Please note my massive tally of 52 followers!
Think about it. :)
I really wanna hear #SAYSOMETHIN again omg Im obsessed with tht song already !!!!! Thanks hahah I love it ! ❤❤
Amazed there are so few #firsteditions available of Henry Beston's "The Outermost House" when I search vialibri and abebooks.
Today is just a mess :p
Wow - 4 for 4! Northwestern MN ELCA Synod votes overwhelmingly to oppose amendment!
Thank you so much for the mention and for connecting with us!
Yeah? Drop me an email at aerys [dot] nhl [at] gmail [dot] com!
obviously not part of
Make It Nasty ~Tyga~
You are so freakin' beautiful!!! I'm jelous. lol :)
HGTS!!RT I need those summer nights posted in the alley
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” - Shirley Chrisholm
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
FOLLOW ME!♥
I wore a coat and tie to work today for maybe the 2nd time in 5 yrs. My podmate said I looked like I was on my way to a bar mitzvah.
Fat boys BBQ with the guys
so far I'm 2 for 2 with premature tweeting bringing good luck. so, ahem, I may be getting to see Horse Feathers and Brown Bird Saturday...
Welcome to twitter! x
Even when they dont like him.
I'll give him until next year then hez done
- How about some more info and possibly pics of those Crocs you've been sportin'?
what's good fam I still got that money ball just don't hoop like I use to hahah what's good man how u been?
WORTH REPEATING: If people don't ADD to your vision you must SUBTRACT them from your mission...
Y'all see this? Lol
thinking that we need to get our family farm interviews online. Nunn Center has 548 interviews in the family farm collection.
-u now know that I have some work to do on my house as well. (so we can laugh with each other about it)
One of my early concert memories was seeing The Monkees with Weird Al as the opening act at Pine Knob Amphitheater.
It finally let me post as a profile pic! Gotta represent the green this week :)
Great show tonight with tonight! Love those guys! Go check them out I you haven't already!
Have a wonderful Holiday! Make sure to stay warm and have supplies at home for outages and blizzards!
LMAO......He's terrible.
On the way to Florida! Haven't made it outta WV yet, and is already asleep lol
Chilling some bubbles but first must survive kids soccer game in the rain late afternoon.
Cody Johnson is trending.. weird..
I want to go into a deep sleep untill season 4 starts of TVD
I have your cookies from :)
chatting with the legendary in minutes!
#IKnowThisOneGirl Been my BFF since we were 7, I'll always have her back
11:11 just wished the kings will go to second round <3
-Mr. Extravaganza
Make sure to apply your awesomeness to yourself...
RT : Becoming a solid success requires a commitment to being flexible when needed.
hello to you too
So yea, I'm finna be hella bored today.
Hey legal marketing tweeps, catch the latest by following the feed #LMA12. Conference in Dallas starts today!
just completed 25 minutes of meditation with
Dam just got hungry for some Wendy's nuggets and fires 
Nice so its good I didn't swing by today.
Exactly. Very sad.
"Don't stick your dick in crazy"
I think I did good ass hell on that math test
true but Not as Hot as you!
yea I don't mean to be a bitchass but I'm gonna pass as well. Too late for me.
Hello Tweepeople! We are only 16 weeks away from the 13th annual Austin Empty Bowl Project! Stay tuned to more info! (Pls tell friends!)
giving away special discounted pricing on "wedding performances" tomorrow at #weddingcakevodka event!
You need to open your eyes & realize 
OMG. So... I heard my boo is coming to Portland?
Is modern dance like when you're on mushrooms & want to be a secret ninja?
Good morning #trancefamily! It's going to be a long #TranceThursday!
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my babe; super tired had a long day and night my baby is sick was up all night a real mothers work never ends!
more than your yodi back pack? I think ppl would think it awesome lol
May 19th. First show of 2012. First show as the Klipsch Music Center. Be there!
sitting in IHOP on xmas: Sad because 1. It's IHOP on xmas and 2. It's the only place open with wifi on xmas
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Why is yuneske6 still in the lineup... Even councell at 50 is better then this guy... And he sees more then 4 pitches per game...
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, f*ck b*tches."
If you're watching our Tweetchat, let us know! Tell us where you are and where you would like to #teachabroad next.
all I need our most recent
Massive turn-out at the Capitol in Atlanta.
lol, nice! to bad they are all sold out :(
It's lunch time ... COME & GET IT! $5 Taqueria Taco Lunch Special? Nachos? Steak & Potato Burrito?
: Congratulations on the nomination! This book was a great read! :)
Im having A Blast Figuring my Ipad Out!
Oh course I can't find the shirt I want to wear.
U know those days when u leave acting class & want to crawl into a hole & hibernate bc you feel like a worthless piece of shit?
Worst part of it is I know you dont feel the same way I do
I write and shot film
Beez in the trap
at first I thought 'ah, so sweet' and then I read the lick her ass crack part, WTH??!!
and may i say that eddie izzard is one funny sob...where have u been eddie?
hate Reba love
im so excited for lunch tomorrow!! :) somebody text me with enough time to shower to make sure i wake up lol
End of school week >>>
Of course. Thank you!
i have like a ton to do before I get where I wanna be
Thanks to my AWESOME brother, I get to go to the PACKERS game tomorrow night!!! W00T!!! So excited!!! 8-)
omg, i'm finally done.
I know what you mean! RT : I cannot keep up. Where's my staff of free labor?
Oh my gosh I cannot wait for Thanksgiving. I'm absolutely dying to cook, nosh and celebrate all my life's blessings. So thankful this year!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 51F OVERCAST
Damn you, sweet potato fries!!!! Why must you ruin my salad with your deliciousness?!
Thanks! RT : Happy
Still waiting for that unexpected call, lol.
she's not that mad, I just told her I went to my friends gym class & she was like "why" and that kinda thing
I'm bored
dont have to take my history test until thursday! yeah!
ah !! I seriously am about to cry!<3
Hum, maybe, but there should be some kind of evolution in languages :-)
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it. - Buddha
Praying hard 4
Dairy may assist in bone building, but it does nothing but make your bones harder and more brittle.
Alright here we go, first #MiggzMemory: When "Take Care" dropped and "Rich off a Miggztape" was coined. Perfect because Miggzy <3's Drizzy.
lmfao! That's what happens when we run out of shit to talk about.
Hopefully MANY more will see the light before November!!
Just now saw that - I'm actually heading to the Little Italy location. :)
Glad you finally found us -- and the piano would like to thank you for the Twitter shout-out. ;)
Excited that some ICTC corps members already have job interviews this weekend for the INCS career fair!
Are you still waking up often at 3 am? You are a Glinda apprentice you know! xoxo
Thnx for the follow....
Ready to go home and chillax and read...# lotsonmymindhere
BCS officials acting like a 4 team playoff is real change. Its the same garbage just repackaged.
After scoring two hugh pp goals, the rangers fall asleep again and turn the puck over that leads to another devil goal
FUNNY1! hahah..I hate smart phones for that reason!! lol..
Ye its da Latino mix :D “ remix? Or... “: My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!””
My last night of being 25...kinda sad about
I just finished a 2.12 mi run with a pace of 9'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
“: God's path for us leads us to greatness. Don't get caught up with the little crumbs on the way. Stay focused.”
Forensic files
because I laugh alot and I'm a girl.. y do you have 19 and 96 in you name
Damn autocorrect...i meant "in the fridge"
Glad to confirm that & will be participating in our project! Stay tuned for more info, starts in Sept!
Everytime I'm in a metropolis I feel like Brooks after leaving Shawshank
That was lust.
so grt to see you've gone this far, didn't know your story, thks 4 sharing inspiring others, checkout break the same by
the Rangers #NYR are killing it this period. yay!!!
Hey all - how are your businesses doing today?
want to see J Edgar next, anyone seen it?
Im so sun burnt! But i had fun
my personality makes me beyond beautiful. It is not what's on the outside but it is what's on the inside that makes anyone beauti
lmfao i knew it!!!
Feel'n like a mojito? Have your pick tonight $5 mojitos...jumpstart your week!
“If it’s nothing more than a smile – give that away, and keep giving it.”
/ But remember, players earn organic BUZ points when ANYONE mentions or RTs them on Twitter, even outside of gameplay...
Hey we have Titans VS Cardnals and Green Chile Cheese Burger combo for only 7.50 or 6 wings combo for 6.99
Knock KnockWho's there !Agent !Agent who ?Agentle breeze !
About the kill the construction workers at my house. Terrible way to start the day.
Tomorrow is going to be warm.
We've both admitted at least once that we miss each other. It means we need each other.<3
#iReallyHateWhen daylight savings time takes an hour sleep away from me! That hour gone feels like you didn't sleep all night!
MHS grad earns AP, Google scholarship for innovative idea - Marshalltown Times Republican
Finally home.... & I have school tomorrow 😒
Remember to be nice to your Boss today - October 15 is Boss's Day!
I loves a clean house I do.
Q&amp;BA: How many exoplanets have been discovered? | Bad ...
Just got to deliver the news to my Buyer that their contract was accepted...one of the best part of my job!!!
nice new digs!
Chillin with the radio on :)
This person has not set up her iCould yet...
Who's the dumbass who made this quote? lol. RT " I bet you half these rappers use windows on their Mac " lmfao
Browne: When National expanded, the first thing decided was it would be accessible to Metro. Everything else came after that.
Story of My Life , and History of a Boring Town RT : What's the song that defines your high school years?
It's my birthday! Yay!! :)
you're a winner. :)
yeah it went really well just long and so much info
Carmelo! They love you they hate you n they love you again. #teamknicks ! What a game
people thinking im ghetto i don't think so
How long do the #RedSox make us wait today before calling a rainout?
It's time for a trip
WORD! RT PANCAKE DAY! IF YOU NEED SPECIAL DAY TO REMIND YOUSELF TO LOVE PANCAKE! THEN YOU LIVE LIFE WRONG!
The technology and comforts of today were the concepts and fantasies of yesterday. Learn,Grow, imagine and Inspire.
What is a romantic evening to you? twitter
"If I forgot anybody - you know who you are..." Awesome speech at the
punk!! Lol yes. And you? Work, school?
--> “: That awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, yell their name, and realize it’s not them.”
thanks for the follow! be sure to check out our facebook page and help spread the buzz on JADED!
the ONLY way to get us out of bed at 5am on a Friday is the promise of some wonderful yoga (and coffee!)
took a look at your web site www.socialize.ae, love the colors
Boss got knocked out Damn that was a cheap shot!!
Anor. Finally. Jesus.
Is it safe to bring back the Beer & Chicken Wings yet...we still suck without them!
Thanks for the info!
the decision moved to 7, yes!!! my guess is that they all are taking their talents to South Beach, I mean, the NBA
ALEX! Will you be in NYC for Austins CONCERT?!
omg he must have been like a little kid lol
gives us every reason to hope that every problem has a solution
very cool, hope the class is going well. Can't wait to see your new Tweet Army in action
Working away from home office part-time as a writer/editor could be a good thing! Lots of old friends there. Am enjoying the interactions.
I only have myself to blame.
fasho man just keep me posted when your coming to the Chi.
Nickelback covering Black Eyed Peas would be FAR worse.
welcome back, hope the glitter ball fills you with disco joy!
Come join us at the hideaway in southeast.
With pleasure, Ms. Luan. *Bringing my hand down against your behind. Caressing between each smack, alternating cheeks*
hahha I want you to cone back!!!;(
Teacher made fun of my fat handwriting pshh Hater!
Ok so #AWP12, Bookfair is at Hilton Chicago so I take the orange line from Midway to Roosevelt? Not Palmer House? Every year I am confused.
Waking up early to workout is not fun, but I def feel pretty good afterwards. #totally worth it
me too
: Next billion dollar businesses will be at intersection of exponential technologies. Massive opportunities for entrepreneurs everywhere.”
Had achill night now heading to work, Happy Mothers Day!
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I can only imagine how much is freaking out right now...
Haha. Can I come? RT : I need to borrow your kids so I can go see Lion King and Puss in Boots!!! 
u tagged yaself in it lmao
i wanna shoutout !
thanks for the follow Casey! :)
Waahh Starts @ 9:30 You're good RT Weather delay for Trinity/St X. I just want to make it home in time to watch the #Mavs in OKC.
“ Under a #Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.”
Yay! Glad you liked them. We have one square left, which we are savoring. :)
Heh. I'm actually waiting for ESM's "Information Overload?" ...LOL...think that applies?
