You will thank me SS. It's fantastically dark and wicked. Like Showgirls done by 60s/70s Roman Polanski.
get off your phone in the theater
trying to get everything in order before flight to GR, MI tomorrow! laundry in progress, still need to charge everything & do my nails.
Going to downtown atl to eat at Hustons yummy!!!
there you go! Well put!
like, he was obviously still learning to be more consistent but his per-minute #'s were really good. all i'm saying
WHAT COLOUR SOCKS ARE YOU WEARING? :)
The #FF #S/O is much appreciated! How is your week starting off? Please check out our Wonderful Educational Children's Toys!
Perspective makes all the difference, no? Thoroughly enjoying your live tweet of As You Like It - a fav play of mine
Hi everybody!! :)
Y is it so easy to point out other ppls flaws n so hard to c ur own???
I think the need a quick refresher on their accents with all the Chicago talk w/ the Caravan twins.
Two internship offers within an hour?
Woke to a tiebreaker and we have liquid sunshine
To check out brand new designs and more, check out our website at streamline-apparel.com!
My memory must be slipping, because I sure don't remember asking for your opinion.
Being locked out of your house for six hours at night. <<<<<<<
Super busy day today. Can't wait for it to be over
I almost didn't recognize Idina Menzel without green skin.
That is bringing me back to my misspent youth.
Just got "holla'd" at by twobeastly looking Amazonian women walking g toward the bus stop.
when are you coming in and when are you going back?
10 picks for Tuesday. Get all 10 for only $25! Go 6-4 or your money back, guaranteed! We're now 34-19 last 53! Don't miss out boys!
Or would Wednesday at 12:30 work better for you?
English with myer is ridiculously boisterous
:) U better watch all these boys u kno Im still on my buggin phase never kno who liable to get hurt...Love You
thanks man, much appreciated.
Watching # on
this is a daily shock for me. Excellent point in study.
im good -corbin
Old School & Road Trip on TV at the same time. Such a dilemma.
am not! Im a nice person. <3
what was Yuni doing on that?
Hair feeling lackluster? Come by and check out Abba's Pure Shine Shampoo. You'll love the glossy, natural shine it gives you!
only if no one likes you:D
Brenly was also complaining about how the opening ceremonies dragged.
I have a serious #pretzel bun addiction
your my fav beauty I follow :)
before he cheats
thank u for following.
You're crackin' me up man...streaming right now. Couldn't agree more.
it doesn't mean anything when #Kings are just amazing always... for some reason. RT What does home ice mean? Not a damn thing
let's just say there isn't much left and I am the only one home!
You say you want me to think this but I think your just afraid to end this..!
RT : Internal testing of Accord (forthcoming app) is so pleasant thanks to 's wonderful design/dev work!
It is estimated the hundreds of slaves in Virginia have run away after Former British Royal Governor Dunmore declared their freedom.
I wrapped a former coworker's desk in bubble wrap, and everything on it. :)
Thanks for the recommendations as well. We'll have to catch a game together some time.
same here Terrence
The art of love-giving and taking become one. Herman Hesse
There's a bug food truck/stand at Off the Grid at Fort Mason!
Maybe NC State instead?
We love this rec! RT : Got a lovely 1998 recording from members of playing Mendelssohn's Octet on #VPR Classical.
Hi Meg! I meant to introduce myself today after the panel discussion but you were busy chatting when I had to leave.
Cheers to that! RT :"one of the most effective innovations of all time, talking to another human being"
that's what she said! Congrats
Yeah...CBS has the best comedies.
lol! We're learning about the difference ways to implement BagInterface & my prof goes "WE ARE ALL BAGS..In the end"
Guy yelled out a cab, either "Keep your knees up" or "Pizza Pizza" either way, it was good advice.
A5: It's up to the consumer to keep brands/companies in business so they should take our concerns into account.
just genuinely can't understand why it's so hard for people to chew with their mouth closed
you know what he does better than Peyton? Win super bowls.
I let Jack give me shingles.
I hope you're right Ben.
ha! “: no, I'm addicted to pain. “: admit it, you're addicted to twitter :D””
I like seeing stuff about me
My shoulders are hurting so bad I can't cuddle up under bae cause' he's sleeping. Ah well I'm up for now
That awkward age: when the one who pukes at the kid's birthday party is one of the other parents.
I'm hungry thana bitch :(
lol why are you so crazy??
HAHAHAHA nah, coz they don't appreciate real value!
wish I could read russian; sounds funny; i'm editor of san diego's largest LGBT newsmagazine, looking for russian media partner
Attn: Sunny fans - is hosting SNL tonight! Set your DVRs.
you want a quote >?
Happy birthday to my favorite ginger
OMG forget you Philadelphia
ur sister hot
before i go to sleep i would just love to tell u how grateful i am to have u a part of my life. Happy 18 bday love
also see p.16. I'm pretty sure Stephen Downie's project was funded largely on the basis of acronym awesomeness.
hahaha it was a fat snapper. Like more than half a bowl, hah his rip was yellow, then I torched it again and made him clear itxD
I love and
How are You today? :)
Thanks for your follow Nicole. Hope you're' doing well. I see a lot of bombs in your future. Jager bombs?
Timmy on fire!!!
68,658 attending the big game!!
Ocean View Park....come and get it!!
My most sincere condolences go out to you, your wife and family. Absolutely heartbreaking.
Glad you made it home. Man, that was quick!!!
you're gonna love me the way my uncle did, except you're not gonna go to court for doing it.
Mother nature, you mock me. What the bleep is this snow-rain thing?
Olly is being a nut. I think it's time to bring out the vacuum.
I am moving up in this world!!
Next Spring Training, Sveum needs a pitching staff management tournament.
hahaha I saw that! Made me smile.
This is going to be a long ten nights
French and little Spanish. Not well with Spanish tho
I have to go to HEB cause he doesn't know what a wine opener is.
not shit. Working on puttin a studio together.
Hey When you get the chance please help me get mor followers please luv ya
Serving Ithaca IPA pale ale tonight never tried it, but excited that it's grown (hops) and bottled right here in NYS...Cheers !
Please study the history of Afghanistan up to present day. They are still somewhere between 7th & 12th century. Tribal culture.
what are you going to be doing in Chicago?
Spending your time proof reading and spell checking your tweet to get the message " tweet unable to post try again later" ...
how much?
Good job Caps. Game 7 on Saturday night.
happy thanksgiving! hope u pass it amazingly! remeber all ur #koaladancebots r extremly thankful for having u in our hearts!
Cheers to the weekend. ..and basketball.
When you guys get to Denver and need to wash some clothes and a free shower got you
Just tried #popchips for the first time tonight. Damn those things are good, I think they have a winner there. And healthy too!
Mobile Transcript allows court reporters to offer an innovative new service to lawyers -- your transcripts optimized for your client's iPad.
RT : "Last to the dinner table doesn't get to ask for seconds."
should've given him a symposium on the greek financial crisis, maybe he would have given you money.
Speaking of zombies did you has anyone seen the Tea Party Zombies Must Die game? What a great way to take all that negativity and shoot it.
RT : If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models??
Love the guesses, more to be revealed soon...
lol.. Why u say that?
Its lots of fun, be there!RT : do tell us more of this
“: need some help buddy?” <--I'm good..u might break something lol
RT FaceTagram? InstaBook? Whatever You Call It, All Your Photo Are Belong to Facebook (for $1 Billion)!
You think they will throw to Lloyd with all of those other targets?
Coincidentally, the Lakers and Celtics have been the two best teams since the All Star break...Lakers/Celtics one more time?
OMG that jacket is really cool!!
Hi Jacques!
Kelly Clarkson is so pretty!
Bahahahahahahaha remember that if they do!
“: Spurs just aren't fair. They're a fucking machine.” ~ I got em' winning that chip again fam...
Still think has the best web-based visualizations of topic modeling I've seen online. (Mining the Dispatch)
Hey Gary, it is BBQ bacon cheddar burger today
i needa kno where is gonna be this weekend!!! D;
Okay, NOW I'm finally productive at work. pm on a
my heart just melted... thank ! love him new pictures from Australia<3
My heart is crying, my face is smiling, the world just can't see my tears, but they are there.
What in the world is up with ? I don't appreciate it "liking" these random pages for me.
haha I can't decide .
I'm tired but I can't fall asleep ..
Okay! That's fine. That works out for me too. Haha
yeah I hear you. Good luck with everything!
Thanks, and no, I don't think google's algorithm will steal the content of the Google docs. Just scrape the data 2 give me adds.
Quizzo tonight Cranky Joe's in East Falls tonight 8:30 - Topics are Music, Movies, US State Capitals and Slimy Suits & Politicans.
Hey Nao fans, how many of you are rappers and DJs?
guess who is going to italy soon... watch the fuck out!
Flacco's eyebrows are old teenage sweethearts. They met in high school.
TRAFFIC ALERT -- Car overturned on eastbound on I-4 near Longwood
We're counting on PSI to #bringit next season at cc:
Most definitely! The first season was wonderful.
the minute you care
except if you have to live in Detroit....
Good ole IP. as many burn holes in the carpet as dollars paid for the room. Approx 35 imo
Procrastination is my enemy..... >.<
Tomorrow starts my last week of training. Next week I will be at my own store. Town & Country!
goodmorning! everyone have a great Saturday! :)
ah wonderful dinner!;)
Broke my pledge not to rub out to Shakira..... again. Another $5 into the cookie cup.
Watching old episodes of Entourage. Best show on the planet
Mothers day gift = DONE. What do you get for the pickiest mother ever? Tix to see & !
River Monsters >>>
I know the deadline was yesterday, but does anyone know when you're informed that your student poster proposal has been accepted?
#JingleMingle bummer. You still have time to share a few pictures of your favorites #madison for the holidays.
March baby?
Looking for a location to network with corporate meeting planners? Suggestions?
more like a bed & pillows. z..... lol
yes boo keep in touch - c'mon - like why wouldn't I have twitter
glad we didn't stop by! WTF!?!? Hope u r better quickly
stop your making me wet 💦
wow congrats! Should I buy there or can I find it in physical SF store?
I can't wait for Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0!
Got your power back yet? Are you official with Cox Media? I'm in San Diego just wondering.
When whitegirls get twists with bangs! Really? Are you five?
Back To School Special on Incubus w/ Young the Giant performing 9/13 just $15 each this weekend ONLY! Buy tix @ LiveNation.com
Tomorrow night we're all pulling a Carly and giving it away for free! Tickets still available, Allthesingleladiesshow.com !!
Time decides who you meet in life, the heart decides who you want in your life, but behavior decides who will stay in your life!
hey lady
Winston Churchill references throughout my day, but, oddly, I haven't seen a single baby.
Ready set go! wait... no. Client cancelled. Paperwork here I come.
Hey!!! Its me
Lots of heartwrenching stories here end up inspiring. Into every life, some rain must fall. But how do we deal? Spirit wins out
Hi thanks!!:)
yay she made it!
You are most welcome : )
"This is hotter than dog shit!"
Mission accomplished with my best friend
Thanks to all of y'all on #FF. Welcome! :)
I jst can't seem to resist, I'm a little too not over you
State police investigating stalking allegations against legislator - Morning Sentinel
Right on!
A fascinating thing about language acquisition is how a child suddenly goes from having 4 or 5 words to a countless, ballooning vocabulary.
what do they think this is? Mario Kart? :p
if the GOP wants government to enforce religion, do we all have to become Mormon if Mitt becomes president?
that awkward moment when you sleep over at your friend's house and you wake up before them...
you like ny:)
Congratulations #Queens—#CitiField to host 2013 MLB All-Star Game!
Thank YOU for watching. That Scott Fellows is a genius and I'm super lucky to be working with him.
don't forget the CBS news van, attempted takeovers of Rudy's and Bittersweet and disruption of Labor March.
WOOT! #WEBEATLA! RT via DeMarcus Cousins put it DOWN TONIGHT! Shout out to Tyreke Evans too!
Excited to see on Twitter. We've added them to our buddhabelly NOLA list. They have delicious food for your healthy lifestyle
While I'd agree that Kony is a bad cunt. Some of the stuff I've read about the invisible children charity isn't exactly 100% gold.
We are all having lots of fun (and learning) with our Vocation Vacation mentee this week!
toast is the father ;)
You sd Tues & I waited. I'm in ATL now but I'll be back! “: came through Dallas and I think you got scared lol”
Very helpful. We have a HS Junior and just starting the college process. Going to a College finance meeting tonight. Thx
Another day closer to Friday!
Now that *is* desperate.
#Parenthood episodes just get better & better.
My boss just passed me a note during this meeting saying that she loved the hair of a guy across the table.
YES. i'll get the bud ~
Pretentious old white bitches in my classes <<< stfu you do not know everything about everything
Itching to see the ultimate Oscar Host on stage! Can't wait for his opening number! Billy Crystal on the 84th Academy Awards!
shut up lol
Protip: Your OSS should not compete with your IP. duh.
": In J. K. Rowling's early drafts of Philosopher's Stone, #Draco's surname was Spungen" As in, Sid + Nancy??
Setting up our booth at see you all soon!
Suffering from a vacation hangover - plus had no twitter for a week... missed your funny shit
oohhh u gonna have to show it to me :)
You have no idea how happy this makes me, Ed. I can't wait to see you! Xx
I swear OKC has the dopest crowd ever its a college atmosphere
I told him his coach paraded around the field like he got his first blow job.
Happy birthday Bruce Willis!!!
So ready to be home in my own bed and see my baby's Lucy and Xoe
not like every day, but my paws are never at their best in the
Most important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed no hope at all- Dale Carnegie
Is your living room running out of life? Since this room is usually largest space in your home, make a big statement add personal style.
#quiverfull Thank you for all you do! Many must find comfort with your words. Have a beautiful day! :D
RT : I have the BaubleBar necklace I saw on your blog :) // I want it so badly!
it's still very unclear to me what the Gorton's fisherman has done to earn my trust...
I wish I could unfriend people from my life.
Who loves Michelle Bachman!!
Today ended up being one of those days.
My twitter is messing up, someone tell me how many people am i following??
Baby is on the radio for like the first time in forever! :D
I've seen that too. Haha.
I admire in his key role as 'sherpa' into Baja culinary scene but I hate the bad rap he's giving to
feet are ugly and some of these females ties look worst than mine
did u once give me a invite.?! Aite then but how was the movie i.e i need a rating
Money are you in Seattle or surrounding area?
Manchester City, obv
Long day with mom. Having fun. Meeting Kerry for margaritas at Fidel's!
Remember, love is a difficult and tricky thing. Don't underestimate the power of love or its impact on you or someone else.
Last name frustration, first name sexual.
yo where u at im tryna shop...its joe.
mcdonalds must not have a dollar menu out there haha
Woken up to a phone call. Are you available all next week. In St Petersburg, FL? Oh c'mon..
we were fb stalking all of them lol
happy Saturday to u! how's the diet going?
Thank you, neighbor!
Newt did not mention anyone but white men.
I don't know...it just doesn't seem that well thought out.
spongebob. beep beep :(
RT : Looking forward to my 1st committee meeting with after my maternity leave break! - welcome back!
Did amy winehouses autopsy team have to go to detox now?
Working on a styling project tonight with for an upcoming photo shoot w/
Correctable in 2012! CC: MT : in my 4 years at UCONN I never played oozeball. That's a sad fact.
“Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.” - Pamela Vaull Starr
I totally agree. As a teacher, I'm used to giving praise -I try not to take people's contributions for granted in any context.
I bet we could figure something out... I live in Chicago!
Psst! Earth Day was 5 days ago. Is that the right pic? Side note, YUM on the veggie burger! Might be my new fave.
Laying in bed with a heating pad on my back = bliss
Sry I didn't catch you before your purchased coffee Your coffee is on me on Tuesday.
will u ever date a fan a little younger than u jw and plzz anwser
RT : Great digital camera class at - learning lots, great instructor!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old, you grow old because you stop laughing. (Michael Pritchard)
aww manye! Catch u next time.
that sucks :(
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS SO MUCH
Happy Mothers Day!
who's that goofy lookin guy?
To the old man playing guitar in an otherwise quiet space: This coffeeshop used to be an excellent place to read.
Watching my strange addiction and this women is addicted to drinking her own urine. Word! Thats nasty:(
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
FaceTime chatting with in the next room. We've never been closer.
1 hour to kick off! Go Warhawks!!!
smell roses ...
Oh yeah? Is your whole family from West Michigan?
Ehh this day just needs to be over. Sister's mad at me for a reason I cannot think of.. :/
Come and put ya name on it.
I'm out of here ! Peace
I love my bestfriend
That's Messed up.
IT'S A WPAS WEEKEND!!!!
Let me show you how yo pussy works Lol
hello kitty?lady gaga? Or dorthy from wizards of oz? 
Brand with Social Media, but monetize your marketing with mobile!
- Its always something with this dude.... Honestly I can't trust u that well yet :(
I'm crossing my fingers!
I also love that quote you retweeted. Is that from a song?
horrible bosses is hilarious.....
Sounds like an argument for improving our online visibility MT So much for Digital Natives: insidehighered.com/news/2011/08/2…
It is I, King of the Internetz! Come to reclaim my throne! All shall read my tweeps and despair!
Why can i never fall asleep until the early morning. I need to see a doctor about this shit.
#dontstopbelieving in me
We are both gonna have great days!! :-D
It's Official: Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson Teaming for Fox's 'Internship'
Hehe. Ain't that the truth? You're very welcome, Katherine. I missed out on SMC, too, and was super bummed. Next month for sure.
Open gym for young and old tonight at ACTS, 7-9:30. Time to stretch those muscles!
aww me too! love that pic of us!!
Wisdom is nine-tenths a matter of being wise in tme. Most of us are" too often wise after the event." Theodore Roosevelt
Back on my inscriptions.
hi I like your icon:) its cute!:)
Just saw 'Midnight In Paris'. Absolutely loved it. Woody Allen and Owen Wilson make a great team.
u alright ?
How was the show?
wish Peter well from us all Patrick | Hope you're railing hard with the brits |
How about them Heat
thanks again for having me as a panelist at #campaigntech this year, it was a great experience!
Not even beer. Tonight-i-ight, we are old!!!
Hey, thanks a lot, Ben!
Nice dude! DM me, okay?
First day of work = successful
I wish there were drive thru pizzerias. Do they exist?
cool your muffins bro , anyone is invited . !
Ultimatum's video for Leiahdorus wins BEST MUSIC VIDEO at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!!
outrageous. You don't ride your system & you don't care about anything outside #DTLA red/blue line service.
John Magaw, former director of Secret Service, ATF, founding director of TSA and member of Homeland Security counsel joins our board @ DFHF
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya, Dan!
me too? wyd
In mcdonalds with
Christina Ricci looked petrified to be speaking on Kimmel. Good look for an actress.
We're excited you're coming to Seattle!
Be happier this week: Have people over next weekend, visit with a neighbor, and do something good anonymously.
Is it just me, or was the scene with Bellatrix and Hermione just a little bit hot?
I think you are referencing Bismark on sausages, at least that is how I feel about data. ;)
Up this morning off of the brown and white from last nite
Website for getblastednow is launching in 3 days cheoww
I can't get enough of your tweets! I'll check then Tom when u tweet more! Thx love made my dayxx :)
WOW @ CHRIS BROWN ONCE AGAIN YOU LET YOUR EMOTIONS GET THE BEST OF YOU MAN YOU FUCKING SUCK MAN REAL SHIT...
#Lions pick suh
you put your arms around me, for the first time.
What an awesome day signing autographs in Los Angeles Mall. :)
jasmine you should let jasminators ask you questions again:) or ask us questions:)
We're following for live-tweeting of Judge Sumi's crusade against . What a charade!
#Blazers get a win against lowly
Ha! Maybe I could use the gravel road by Jerry's house.
I'm in LA bitch
Trend #MahoneOnB96 please!!!! :)
Same here, I honestly had an out of body experience during her performance lol, she is a Movement!
The way to growth and happiness is to stimulate the mind!
Hey can I have your number?!?!
You are such a love. Hope to see you more in 2012!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic = using a feather / Kinky = using the whole chicken /
Give me some shoutouts? :)
Happy to be painting Inside my studio today versus exhibiting out in the California rain! Weird rainy June...not common for us...
Sharing the Techcenter, Dellcares and the power to listen story
Hello Sunshine!
I still Turn to You.
Well they had the two highest number of draft picks, so that was the logical comparison to make with that new number on hand.
Rab lab tomorrow.
In Washington DC for Hill Day.
Yes. Hard to read and imagine the brutality. It's senseless. I'll be watching ESPN tomorrow morning.
Receive a free one day Disney World park hopper ticket with all 8-Night Bahamian Cruises out of NYC! Contact us for more info!
It is a beautiful day! Happy Friday!!
#FF fellow coffee-drinkin' Divas, and Can't wait to catch up with you later!
Mel B signs new recording deal
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! :)
i have never heard of her
Come on Celtics, get it together.
sometimes life doesn't make much sense.. But I know your in a better place now dad watching over me..
Thank you Nick!! Congratulations!
Belfanz: "we cannot cut those services." Woolsey: unfair that this bill cuts funding for the programs.
so if wins or loses tonight the #HSCrew still worked hard! but if they win we should find out what 343 means
Are you coming to the Heartland Worship Institute? Join Bob Sorge, Jeff Deyo, Jose Dugand, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry..
I'm out. Ill be at and though.
Interested in putting your marketing and advertising on AUTO PILOT? Local Buys Now is just the program for you!
FB got a lot of drama, everybody was friends now they enemies, then wen they get mad they tell each others business!! I can't do the drama
Like for some reason I can smell #oomf but they were never in this room😳
Just freestyled with at his concert on Manila! Crowd was amazing!!! Thank you PHILIPPINES...MABUHAY!!!!! -Poreotics
aye u talk to bing?
Ugh y do it have ta rain today? :{
Vegitarian options at your fingertips -- learn more on the awesome options on this weekend's
right on lol
Best thing read today: "Don't be trapped by thinking that all your work has to be momentous. Seeds aren't momentous."
i know!! i just heard some of it so far ur right i do LOVE IT!
Thanks for all the RTs with added @ s and # s :D
But I thought making dialog sound natural and real was a 'rule,' not breaking a rule.
“Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.”-G.B. Stern. Don’t be stingy with thank yous - if your bartender rocks, tell them!
#WhyRead Because how else are you going to slay a dragon?
like this guy! That'd make my day!
TOO WINDY TODAY. Wish we had pictures of us snatching our hats out of the sky and making sure laptops didn't get smashed. Good times:)
Today's BTU inspiration: "Begin to see yourself as connected to every person you encounter." ~Wayne Dyer
Killian vs Columbus(: good luck cougars!!<3
I stink like sour d. Prob not a good look but I don't care.
depending where you are located, I can help by providing access to quality lawyers for a low monthly fee legallyspeaking.ca
Enjoying a happy hour beer before heading to the Apple store to try to get some help w/my iMac FireWire problems.
I wanna be a Queens Park Ranger. I wanna live a life of danger.
wuzzz up right back at you!
That's not real currency.
fat lady is in warm up mode big time,,
Orlando is in the O.J. business, ya' know.
My skinny pants outerwear game is stressful. When you get a chance let me know what brand!
Good morning. Who all is joining you today for the #Dell tour?
NAH Im good im trying to watch my figure...lol
i need over 138 bad for some $$$$$
I'm on the bus noticing the difference between men's biz casual and women's biz casual.We need to step it up to compete
Paul Pierce is one of my favorite players in the NBA.
stay on brief!!
Come on! Religion can be funny!!
Have a great Friday everyone! Get outside...enjoy the weather this weekend...then refuel with La Salita!
Are you in Seattle? Do you need 15-20 cobalt blue bottles? Let me know.
lemme know when homie. love his music
": No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself." -- I like it
Be an inspiration, not an imitation♥
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.— Bud Wilkinson
Reminder: At 500 & 1000 followers we're giving away PRIZE PACKS of our favorite #TweetDontEat survival products to random followers! RT!!!
But is it in the game? RT : This made me LOL. : Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore I must be a potato.
Scott Walker can't announce job creation numbers without putting his pinky to the side of his mouth. And he wants sharks with lasers beams.
Pray For Those in the Path of this oncoming Hurricane !
I'm having a BBQ with my family. :)
current zag ... He is filthy
hey follow and dm
We're having a speak-off for our mortgage and financial planner positions in 2 weeks.Over $190k passed this year - important positions!
AAHH!! After 3 years as #1, I've been DETHRONED! PLEASE 'LIKE' my Everett Lee Simpson 'band page' on FB. Only you can undo this injustice!
thanks for the RT sweetie - how are things are you in TX yet?
Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos.
lol pasta's the move there?
I've heard great things about I Hunt Killers.
Ads take a 2-1 lead
Here's a thought: failure is probably happening in your museum every day, no matter what. Does that make the prospect less scary?
TOUGH MUDDER, MAY 5, VERMONT. Ready to be the BEaST thanks to uber advanced bodyweight/high performance sports trainer Danny Kavadlo and To…
I'll post later I'm done
Going to fail this test <<<<<<
This is when you hate it
Chino Y Nacho tomorrow at Sea World.!! :D
is 18! time to party ;)
UCLA! RT ": Who would you like to see as UK Basketball's marquee nonconference matchup for next season? #BBN"
if you're a man who doesn't eat pussy . You suck dick.
Steve Clark you are missed. Saw u many times. Will never forget 5th row center High n Dry tour Fox theater San diego
I think I signed up for it during when TA was our goal, it says I'm already a online suscriber?
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <333333333333
thanks, , for adding to my book hoard! 'Revolutionary Road' is now on my post-grad school reading list
has great programs scheduled for moms in March and May! Have you joined Influenster yet and unlocked your mom badge?
"Some days it's not so hard to say/the quick pulse of blood/through living flesh/is all there is." Robert Hass
What's the best lunch ever?
is my bestfriend. Anyone else who claims that, you suck. She's mine!
#PrayForEmily - A single pregnant 16yr old girl who lives with her 2 friends.
I am pretty sure the sandwich is $10.00 if its different I will contact you.
Within a thought of sweet surrender, written inside a melody of adoration, the image of you carries me through the silence, into light.
How far back can we remember? Why does it happen then? How does memory work? Check out I Wonder... today at 5:00pm on to find out!
hahahaha yeah sure ya did
In DC for the mtg for policy update, incl research &ed issues & AdHocTax Group Retreat to hear about tax concerns for FY12
We did it! 12,000 gallons! The only thing tht stands btwn a person & what he/she wants in life is the will to try it & the faith to believe!
Should I be flinching at work? says no. I agree.
Ah. I guess JBerry's in LF then. RT : so you didn't catch 's errors on the lineup card?
Still watching Idol Maid.
so what happens now? where am i going to? dont ask anymore...
that's so awesome.
The ☀ the 🌙 and all their lives ♡
grr i guess ill get up nd cleann noww -.- be on later guys(:
So they still ain't done with my truck???
Amazon is a big help when you're looking to save a bit of cash
are u and nate friends?
oh em gee, she is out of control.
I want a boyfriend who will drink beer and play Mario while listening to dubstep with with me all night.
Blessed and very grateful for
Good morning world!!!! 😃 I hope everyone has a great day. ☀
Transfering out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I gotta say, the food and hospitality makes me think so.
A bitch is up workin off of approximately 3 hours of sleep
Corra Group Introduces Swift Hire for Employee Entered Background Checks - PR Web (press release)
#COMinaDay isn't over! Keep those cameras rolling. And since we've got you here, someone please bring us more cake pops from the Bake-Off.
Tonight was interesting.... The fact that my phone was dead <<<< I got a text that I would've answered. 😔
is that in that the coffee shop in dwelling spaces??
you told me bass. haha
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you get kicked out of Dome on the Rock for not being Muslim enough. My name and face just didn't cut it
Outside playing ball under the light of the full moon
grass growing. Paint drying.
ok...3 things. 1. Sign up 4 camp 2. Come 2 Emerge Sunday @ 6pm 3. Sign up 4 camp on Sunday at Emerge at 6pm. That is all. Thank you!
want me to finish that collab? u gone send another one or what?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you make a tweet to avoid making eye contact with people you don't like while in line at subway.
whats good bro
And let the convo tweets commence!
The way you educate improves your own artistry.
hell naw we stop so damn much I gotta 20 month old its torture believe me
And at such great deals!
That's bc everything outside of Thursday is bad. I just think they lose their Thursday lineup for more sitcom is beyond stupid.
sorry about technical difficulties, please email if there is something I can help you with.
We apologize for that! Next time for sure. Feel free to send us an email about the issue -
who are you?
HAHAHAHA , lol it would take alot for me to wanna get with a girl . lol BABY I WAS BORN THIS WAY . lol :)
Really enjoyed the homosexuality seminar. Would recommend it to anyone still undecided about a second two day seminar.
Lovin' it Live in East Point. all raw food dishes, but delicious & ultra healthy. Tell Judy & Vincent that Mahalia sent u!
Savoy tonight! Come down and watch the fight!
I'm nicer than a tin cabin full of turtle beards! Maybe, just maybe, #Chicago would profit from NOT having a dick for #mayor!
Stop saying tablet please, I beg! IPad is acceptable & if you didn't bother buying one it's not worth mentioning!
love you too! I fly back tonight, can not wait to see you!
that is all.
STUDENTS: TODAY ONLY- Receive 25% off one regular priced item when you show your student I.D.
First session of the day, discussing the launch of Batman: Arkham City and its success.
Sang #callmemaybe at karaoke...at 4:30am. Awful doesn't even begin to describe them performance.
Love it! That is the cutest! Thanks for coming in for Mom's Day! My kids' mom came up with the chef hat idea!
Ha ha ha ha don't let that lil shit fool ya homie !
you still young john koe, you don't know nothing bout that ! lol !
Ooh, pleasant surprise. New interface. It's easy on the eyes.
nice to meet ya
Shout out to all my haters. I love ya'll
Call 222-0023 to book a service!
yeah I'm coming
thanks u have any pics
That does sound delicious!
Happiest of birthdays to Mr. Baseball!! We love ya Uecker!
Japanese green tea ice cream= new favorite thing
I don't like Gmail as much as I used to because it's not as pretty as it was before. I am very shallow.
where yu located?
"The quieter you become, the more you can hear." Yasutani Roshi
a $5 Show w/ Deluka & The Wet Darlings @ OUTLAND Deluka done by fireworks -Then Deluka DJ party right after! Plenty of $5 parking @ CD101!
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
dying cause I'm seeing in 14 days & in 30 days :)
Today's gift card winner is Linda Jessie. Congratulations!
Working on a ten page paper. Please distract me! =p
she definitely put on a great show
Yea, followed lovely(:
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
I tell em meet me in the bathroom I fuck'er while the water runnin Her friend knockin at the door And she screamin out I'm cummin- meek mill
Just when you think all hope is lost, there's New Orleans. America's third world city.
"Happiness? That's nothing more than health & a poor memory." ~ Albert Schweitzer... It's never too late to have a happy childhood, baby! ;)
glad to hear about your focus on tech start-ups, keep it up!
I'm so proud to be #Uruguayan <3
BREAKING: WGTB broke the clock hands story b4 and …. that's gotta count for something, right?
O just worked out and feel amazing :) work tonight
Almost 500 Tweets 10 more to go
Hey crazy bitch talk to me yeah lol im really bored so i tweet random tweets to random ppl.
#favoritethingswallacesays "Kick her in the balls!"
Saying, "I wonder if we can improve this process," is essentially the same as saying, "I'd like to do more work."
I need more followers!!!!! HELP!!
Any word on whether CBS is renewing CSI:NY and/or CSI:Miami? Much joy hearing about Red 2.
Hey iAppreciate it!
nothing to do!!
pretty good!!! I miss Nashville!
well in 2008 Obama won Indiana & North Carolina & by supporting gay marriage now he probably won't win those this year
Some of it includes police training footage, which is now in the public domain, on how to put down protesters
"At last" is just beautiful on guitar, and I can't wait to perform it at the spring concert.
Next office hours, this Thurs, Mar 15, 7:30 am @ Jimmy's restaurant, 333 Third Ave. Subject: A Better Bayfront plan?
I love you, my sweet MargieBear! More than you will ever know!
Thanks!! Hope all is well!
RT : Do the #BasketballWives act like this becuz the players played them out or did the players play them out cuz they act like this?
Improve Your Commute Ditch your car and hit the road on two wheels with the best cycling gear for men
Grow up bitches! #basketballwives #suzie u need 2 be stopped, Y are u talking about ur meeting up w/ -
Hoping McDonald's calls me back tonight D:
Be Massive! The Crew on @ 2, then the Big Easy Buckeye Party all night! Drink specials & the game on all 18 of our Big Screens! Go Bucks!
I think you like Mexican food.
you know what you guys are? my favorites. hi.
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
why yes I was lol
- thanks for the super warm welcome, birthday twin!
PODCAST , I wish I could watch her every night, but damn she's on point, awesome and very articulate.
if i never met you life would be that much easier
207 is nuts right now
Uplifting and empowering young women for decades and still going strong!!
I wish I could just get this job already! I'm gettin sick of waiting, plus I miss my friends!
thanks for the follow!
He's getting there! Can stand on his own, and take steps. Lots of falling, but walking is def on the horizon.
LOOK AT HER BOOTY, IT'S ROTON LOL": Lmaaaooo...You Wanna Put Tht In Me Thts So Nasty"
I need to get me a new phone. I had to nigga rig it so I can install Twitter.
yup. It will all end fine though... I'm sure!
Is your library planning on celebrating El día de los niños/El día de los libros (Children's Day/Book Day)? More info here...
As a Raiders/Ravens fan I don't have a dog in this hunt. But I'm leaning 49ers, although Ahmad Bradshaw is from my home town.
A few of those could make up the next Punk Rock Dinner Party
#Yeah i'm home Cereal Bowles
About Me? I don't know anything about me.
": Happy running to everyone taking part in today. Bundle up!" High of 60° here today!
the whole building is 2,900 but it has 900 sq ft of office and bathroom so the gym is really 2,000.
Husband just informed me he prayed for Jackson to win. I pray f
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?? :)
You're Welcome!
Reasons why im weird- my teacher called me a freak
Golfing with T-Ferg, and Jesse Chinni. Improving tremendously each swing. T-Ferg knows his shit.
Hospitals looking to adopt EHR need to analyze their data center infrastructure. We offer free analysis, call us.
Hussle Nun Stop We Want All Da Money...
Thanks we love making them!
Looking for a #marketing / #branding company in #Chicago that works w/ NPOs & develops websites in Drupal. Any ideas?
I used to drink worse shots I guess. My cocktail of the day 1 part lemon juice, 1 part apple cider vinegar, 1 part olive oil.
it depends what you mean
whenever a leader speaks that leader dies
hahaha Maria this is why I love you!!!
Welcome to Cleveland, Ohio Trent Richardson!
Ordered Dr. Dre beats yesterday. Can't wait to get them in.
at first i thought you were "Washington (pause) Street Art Center" but "Washington Street (pause) Art Center" is cool too
Too much talk on ESPN about Moore, Griffin, Luck, others as premier QB's... DT makes his statement today!
Remember ladies - strength training will do more for your bone density than ANY calcium supplement ever could.
Great breakfast pic!
I have a weird addiction to plaid.
Hey, Don't you mean the Atlanta #Badgers? Congratulations!!
nudes baby, nudes.
You mean he's not in bed yet?
Thank you to all my new and old followers! Your support is very much appreciated.
Spencer Hawes is missing layups like he's not 7 feet tall
when you tweet about seeing your signifigant other and reference @ them in said tweet its not cute its an advanced version Of fleeting
76ers have some pretty shitty fans. That place is dead for gm 4 vs #1 seed
Would you rather be something to everyone, or everything to someone?
I need a job already so I dont have to worry about interveiws so I can put the first hair wrap in of summer.
ah. people are silly. i generally don't read the comments anymore.
wow can't wait!
haha and who!
Talking to your grandpa on the phone who you havent talked to in forever >>
Porch sitting after dinner with and yay. A good evening.
Why on earth would someone be sending me a certified letter? I'm scared.
Miami @ Charlotte was pretty awesome today, saw it in live !
#Np Ms. Parker
RocLyfe artist Poitier has just reached 8,000 views for his video mixtape single "99 Percent"...thank everyone for their continuous support
Just finished making homemade nutella. So good, but peeling those hazelnuts was so tedious!
hmm... keeps on popping up in my people to follow list. Twitter sure is persistant.
did you get them???
no later this month :)
You can take action against Amazon today! Tweet your opinions and use #AmazonGrinch Let's send a message that we value local business!
Forget the snow, if you're close by we'll deliver
We have the lowest prices on American crew, and Paul Mitchell products in the city!
Does anybody have good (print or electronic) recommendations for the difference between business, functional, and technical requirements?
how do you get a #klout score of 40, but NOT have any influential topics? I guess I just tweet and fb about nothing #whatamimissing oh well
Hey peeps. Take a picture of what you're doing right this second and send it to me. 8016952772
Next time I go mudding I'm wearing long ass pants, bc I got bit by mosquitos all over. 😡
this is a good one for a Monday: You don’t have to get it right; you just have to get it going. - Mike Litman
planning a cruise so I want to have it =] and a cruise to the Bahamas =]
hunger corrupts my mind! Must. Eat. Food. Now!
This. Would have loved to see Song eat Nasri alive, though. #Arsenal RT : I can't believe we didn't score at least 3 today.
It was definitely a recurring theme. Btw, I'm glad to see you're an Orioles fan.
Feeling stirred to start meeting with/challenging the men of after a great time with Mike Leithren last night. More info soon!
Was listening to 1D while getting ready for school.
On this train sitting by myself bc I'm black
Confession: Woke up at 4 AM with the song "Call Me Maybe" stuck in my head. I could not get "Call Me Maybe" out of my head for 30 minutes.
She's throwing up :/
LOL! I'm mad because now there's no parking. Yes...it's in a train station parking lot.
how'd you know!!!
En route to the castle in piney island.
I think I just witnessed the real life govt boys club at work.
Cracked my wheel on a pothole that wasn't visible in the rain. These things cost $400! As much as I pay in taxes, why should I pay for this?
I'm up to three DMs! Is there a party when I get to five?
totally unsolicited. But uh...
I will miss
Robin Thicke is making me appreciate R&B one song at a time. This dude is smooth. I see the appeal, well done Paula Patton. Well done.
Y speakers on my iPod work again <3
slow going 16oz...just back from my run, I'll make my gallon!
Game 5 in Phoenix #Coyotes vs
heyy biotch wake up before I biotch slap u
I've so been there! It's funny, after the fact.
True religion is pure, peaceable, gentle, unselfish, exalting the tastes and pursuits, and brings glory to God and good-will to man. (1855)
It's another
wow haven't been on here in ages, so belated MERRY CHRISTMAS to all :D hope you had a good one!
I'm not a bad driver FYI I'm probably way better then you.
Thoughts on the new Nets logo/s?
are u graduating?!
Chocolate is the only frosty....BOOM!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Car and Home 2 in 1 Combo Charger for the Archos
Buddy thanks for joining in on the fun! Minus JV it was a great time! ^_~
Sad to inform all our friends that one of the leader of the Movement For Free Philippines, Dr. Renato Roxas passed away this morning.
Watching The Parkers .
Highlight of the being home: the els dancing! They have favorite lyrics, songs, & grooves! Can't wait to share their faves from the record!
Gotta make this shit pop asap.#work!!!
let that nigga have his moment -_-
The Mermaid Inn on the Upper West Side...love it! Great oysters, mustard-crusted trout, Bordeaux Blanc, and chocolate pudding..yum!
I have to study for a midterm :(
I can wake up happy everyday just by saying "I'm not pregnant".
your horoscope should be the same for women of all signs today.
Friday Food Pairing (Alberta St. edition): Rice balls from YOGIO food cart and sencha green tea. Our favorite combo at the teahouse!
Thank you! I meant every word.
I'm noticing a lot college boys sharing their sports drink today. They must be really concerned about their electrolyte intake.
thank you to everyone who came to the meet and greet last night! For more info email . YAY!
is everything that green hits golden? Got jammed abs still a single. Got to find him a spot to hit! Huge Lucroy! As im typing
NEVER CROSS THE STREAMS. That would be bad.
Whatever floats your boat. Good luck with the move!
love that the Indian tea workers on the #amazingrace were so helpful, then excited with the deaf player Luke finally passed his challenge
you are welcome!
I can only assure you that it will be *a* week. the question is, will it start with q-doba monday? i'm lookin at you too
'Huge not Drugs'
#Christmas whats ur fav Xmas song? Mine-- Silent Night.
A warm welcome to my new followers!
thanks for always remembering us - Happy Monday!
Hey everyone! Thanks for getting me up to 100 followers! <3
gotta keep this going here
Omg! I'm going to the "back to school" night tonight! And my "bully" is gonna be there! I'm really scared :'(
Who fires the firemen?
Easy: our historic house neighbor and Teddy's Summer White House in beautiful
<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Did I beat him?:)
Embrace the cold and try our in-house brew, Winter Wheat! Is it Winter Wheat Wednesday? It is now.
im just joking with u!
"In about two seconds I'm going to rearrange your face with my TARNISHED BRAND!"
Homework FUN. fml. jk. but seriously no that fun lol
whatever. Talk to your manager ;)
If you don't have many friends to begin with, don't be a jerk to the ones you do have...
This is my 900th tweet. You're welcome, America.
Oh, good--that was getting a little Lord of the Flies-ish.
had a successful Trunk Show at MoZaic Boutique! I enjoyed designing to wardrobes and meeting lots of new people.
He wants a roommate but I'm the only one searching for apartments? Yea I'm DEFINITLY getting the master.
So what you're saying is Gamel is perfect for relievers in 6th and 7th innings?
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
holy #whoa Tuesday.
"the ultimate ontographic bossa nova collage"
I hope your little sister gets better!
The wind blows the unknown man walks slow down the street as he has nothing to do. Though he is a ghost of most importance.
mark just said that u would make an awesome james hetfield
The conclusion, when all has been heard, is: fear God & keep His commandments, because this applies to every person. Eccles.12:13
should reply back ") !!
i love my sons
Doobie Brothers on shuffle for the drive to work? On a Friday? Yeah. That's right.
Are there fun online business card designs/printers other than moo.com?
yeah he is and Bet(:
So tomorrow I have 3 classes, then I'm dying my hair, rearranging the place and party for Sayquan. Hanging out with cute people tomorrow.
My gangsta voice sounds like Tone Loc
S/o to all the single mothers especially
Valerie & I are celebrating our 12th Wedding Anniversary today.We saw the new and improved and seriously kick-ass Conan the Barbarian!
Thanks for sharing it with your followers Molly.
Huskers-Back to back prime time games to start big ten season 9-29 vs Wisconsin, 10-6 at ohio st, 10-27 vs michigan
i think i might finally get my jean jacket today bruh. after like a month. my mom plays too many games.
so cool
RT : NFL - Vikings QB Brett Favre has been elected as a team captain by his teammates
UH duh you sorta sent me dozens of pictures lol
I can't wait too see everyone! School can hold off though
lol that's funny :) I never meet anyone with our name!! 😊
Thanks for the Info - I appreciate it.
This is amazing! ~ RT : From Justin (9:45am): Today's record high is 77°. Tomorrow's is 75°. I think we'll be close both days.
You need to stop... I think you are just amazing and now your sell skin care on my favorite shopping channel.. Love you
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing its Tuesday.
I should just go study out of town. I should stop thinking about it and just do it.
me neither.
STEVEN NASH HAS TWO!!!
We have like 2 weeks of school left basically. 😊
RT : RT: Students making some great networking connections at ReadySetConnect. Thanks !...
why glad it sucked?
00071a Sat 05may12 . Clock out 2100 . tested video monitor for installation; off to home depot to get more supplies for the exhibition
I want to be the first person on ur organic liaison to drop 180 lbs! Do we have a double dog dare Mz. Alley?
haha you know it. Keep your fingers crossed
Damn it! I meant Natanya
good idea. I gots Hulu Plus. I'll look it up.
If Peggy represents the modern gal, shouldn't SHE be getting the hand job?
Great workout!!!!
tomorrow at 2
You're just jealous cuz you wanna go.
I find it funny is operating under the assumption he hasn't been a Richard throughout the stadium debate.
Just got out of AP tutoring for my test on Thursday! -.-
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite. First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs. Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on. Just shoot me.
- Congrats on the improved time!
I'll be there around 3 bro
I haven't ridden in the van in woo , SO long .
Here for #MusEdTech panel. Follow for live tweets on tech's role in museum education.
yep it is and same 4 u Fam
Lloyd: FCC Twitter feed (including broadband plan) has more followers than Miley Cyrus, but less than Stephen Colbert.
precursor to the name of my 6-cast members 1-man show. hehehe.
Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me.
Unexpectedly, there's a VERY drunk middle-aged woman dressed in a leopard print dress at the bar in Moosewood.
Barton G? When?
's bodyguards best #ComeOutToPlay cause I am coming to open up a can of whooped ass on him for punking my queen T Swift,
#history #museum #historical Tuesday’s history quote: Give me liberty or give me death! – Patrick Henry, Virginia USA - 1775
Hahahah thank you Thomas !!!!!!
Fixing to go to the YMCA yay!!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Open Source Software is well-designed, reliable, and well-documented... except when it isn't.
Like this guy? :D
Our poll shows most say 'cross contamination' rather than 'cross contact'. Anyone else want to tell us what you say?
Hella fire like the food of Ollie Gates
oh thank god. I hate them
Strong Independent Black Men I love them.
did you like... Thinking of ordering for deli
ii wish this download would hurry up..
Thanks for the mention!
I think I will!
Yes! Thanks for sharing. Beautiful machine.
RT : Ignorance is no match for knowledge. History has proven this time & time again
I can't go in to daystar or twilight without spending close to $100 it's becoming a serious problem.
18-Bottle Display Rack-These small but sturdy wine racks, in pine or oak, are perfect for counter top storage, wine clubs and salespersons.
Ladies if I'm not the one u having sex wit why would u call me when u in a jam? Don't it make sense to call ur dude ijs
lol RT Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.....smh
A2. I have a thing for salt mines for some reason... and I hear the ones in Poland are A-Mazing *Special travel moment!
I'M BACK ! Not sure I'm leaving either ! Watch out world
“: you blinded us with science” Love it!
haha that was the goal
must do big concert with works I created with composer friends: Berio, Rochberg, Beaser, Halffter,Corigliano Maw (mammoth undertaking!)
- you're funny. you said non-sucky, facebook and android in the same sentence, implying similar context. now thats funny...
I have a feeling my latest twitter follower () is going to be disappointed by the content of my tweets!
Tuesday marks 3 months of not smoking. Still amazed how much better food tastes. Just fell in love with a nectarine.
Re NYPD-bot. Suspect they're using #socialmedia to their benefit. Cyber-corralling? Bias in gvt agency tweets alarming
Long trip back North - steadier gettin colder - Love I-95 traffic
I thought we were all getting the same one
WORK OUT MODE: Hitting it hard!
Happy St Beer Day Everyone!
151 last night
i don't feel good at ALL ):
Not a support group, but a few of my friends are joining in on the workouts.
wassuppp twitter buddy
I dig your twitter handle :)
Lots of po po action tonight! Lights and emergency vehicles on Denny near I-5, now two SPD cars on Pike. What's up Seattle?!
If was a bond villain, she'd kill you with by stabbing you with a poisoned mascara pencil for being badly dressed.
bored as hell
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." -- Paul Valery, French Poet
nicole should make her move (;
Segways look stupid on the beach. It's true.
drew I kno we wasnt super close but stay strong bro we kno hes in a better place now
is a class act. No lie.
Do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt that you can feel the blood dripping?
I have a feeling I need to start taking them again.
I am so tired and its only 9:30 uggg
did you get it on tape?
Do you golf with your spouse or on your own?
Saw the #muppet movie. Ending was very cultural front: artists lead workers in taking streets, assaulting capital.
What I hate most is a crying baby at a restaurant #annoyingasheck >:/
Oh em gee. The whole fam is back at home except for me. Wah!
the best u will always be the real one noone can ever replace u or even come close <3
That we are RT #Taurus are crazy sexy and mad cool. A perfect combo!
RIGHT?! THE RANGERS HAD LIKE, CREEPER STACHES
Congratulations to all award winners at #IBSNYC !!!
Before reaching for snack food, drink some water or decaf green tea. Green tea suppresses appetite.
Ray Ray Ray = money
I'm going tomorrow night are you?
mlb front page - Italian sausage has arms tan as a motherfucker like a true italian. but really.
I'm going to think you're a whore if all your tweets are about your fails at relationships cause i'll assume you've had plenty of them.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning. :p i'll have to find time to charge it at school. anyhow, goodmo9rning all! :)
If you ever see me dressed girly, Instagram it. It's my suicide note.
your looking for a girl friend? hah ill never be her:/ i live to far away. im ugly. yep
seriously my roomies locked the bathroom and nobody is in the bathroom... are you really that fucking stupid.. i will piss in your kitchen
....Same to you
Hey buddy. Sent you an e-mail. Let me know if you can help us out.
Need a dinner idea tonight? How about your favorite Extra Value Meal and a Happy Meal for the kids! Sounds like a good plan to me!
I just got hit on at Wal-Mart...so I have that going for me
I think Alive would have been a better movie if the group played the rugby game and won in OT. With several men down.
ARE YOUR SAUCES & SALAD DRESSINGS MAKING YOU FAT? These are amazing – no cals/carbs/fats but natural & tasty = Click here & search ‘Walden …
What the what?
Niice! Yep we are trying to get a buzz before elections...
Someday I'll actually use my Garmin and keep track of how many miles I'm biking. Maybe.
RT - 8 days till we leave for our road trip to Cleveland (Indians + Rock Hall), Niagara Falls, & Toronto for #U2360TOR :-)
O ok anyways ..
Looking to build a web site of your own? Hit me up
Lucky bounce. Gotta move on. Mavs fan for life!
Sorry i ditched :/ & Yepp me too, i can't wait either
The most important ingredient of #leadership: integrity - John C. Maxwell
GIS guru Michael Page is taking us through Google Earth.
It depends on what you need. If you just need to be in touch &/or view web pages and/or not write a whole lot of email, the ipad
Friends in Los Angeles - Head to tonight to see perform as part of the Locals Only showcase!
RT if you're ready for summer
S/O to this beautiful woman right here, i think i jus fell in love with this lady
Bottom line: without labor support an expansion is very unlikely.
I'm SO happy May is finally here!! Awesome things are coming up! Happy
Thanks for the shout out! Visit Kidskonserve to help your family save on their waste footprint!
Sometimes I can bug into a reply too. But I normally butter him up by reminding him how great he is. :)
Great crossover promo RT : Take your pick, ideologues: RT : going political with John Kerry & Scott Brown Bobble
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU WITHOUT BRACES ((:
"Drummetteism" Cut the grass low and the snakes head will show!!! POOF!!!!
Ah, double checked ST account and don't see the ticket in there yet. Hopefully soon, I would think
Well if they can scam me from across the globe, I'd say from across the room is a pretty good bet.
No turning back.
64-63 #Syracuse over the #Badgers. UW chewed up tons of clock but SU will get ball back with 31 seconds left
haha we gotta let uncle chuck know about the nation!
Why, after 4 years am I now finding it harder to stay under the page limit than to meet the page limit in the first place?
they are watching. Always watching
Hey, I would like to join your team for movember. Can you email me your team name please?
cool phrase of the day: "a rhetorical Bermuda Triangle"
Taking a nice long warm, shower! Lol
Thanks for the feedback, good ideas :)
I'm making hake w lemon-caper vin, squash, fennel and Greek olives. “: What are you cooking tonight?”
are you into Express and Armani?...lmaol
Silicon Valley zip - first recruiter?
Only 6 fans left to complete 100 fans on Facebook! Who is gonna be
S/o to my new followers please feel free to follow me for my unprofessional tweets
See you at the Royals game tonight. I'll be the guy holding a beer.
So Twitter says I'm being "Rate Limited" Anyone know what the hell that means?
That review has already received a snappy rejoinder.
so did you listen to "Crunch Time" ?
Thanks, Lingua. Kids seem better- we were a bit careless with ice in drinks and toothbrushing. Today I'm queasy, but not too bad :)
It's one of the perks of having sinus surgery -- monthly cleanings. I like to think of the strings as a reminder to floss.
Wow that was a real work out even my nails hurt
Paul McCaurtneys blazer costs more than my whole wardrobe
Searching for a contract based #technical #recruiter gig in #SF. Leads most welcome!
damn....I liked brews better!
Bravo to Jerry York and #BCHockey for another national title! Best collegiate hockey program on the country!
Having.a boy
What a great idea to #KBFlashback! Wonder what other designers have images to tweet?!
Seeking money, seeking money! But where are the re-constructions plans?
WOWOWOWOWOWOW! Dallas wants this! Incredible game!
oh get over it!
help out a local musician.buying a song or t-shirt would help out alot.ask any musician they will tell you it's are fans that keep us going.
Its Tag Tuesday! The Seeking Tempest Dressed In White Galatia Lifeforms Cadence Get behind these bands!
going to a party later on.....AWE-WEY-SOM-MEY! :D
For once I'm glad that I don't have NBA TV. #Bulls over #76ers 35-26 at halftime? Did both teams skip shootaround?
Hey , I can't login. Site down?
Wait. Is my call sign "dude" now
YES RT You know, I'm now contemplating about changing the list name from troublesome catalogers to Magical Metadata Fairies...
Try punching your man parts. It works for us sometimes.
Today is my bday everyone I am 18yo today
Yeah I'm a big fan. Sets me up to compete with myself lol! And seeing friends scores on the app is good too
I really hope this isn't a sore throat I feel. NO! I say!
#GT lost 2 of the 3 games they had to vacate. If they had lost the ACCCG, would the #NCAA have punished them by making them vacate 3 losses?
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
led with yet ANOTHER lottery story, bumping Oakland shooting to 2nd. Please give more coverage to important news.
Anything from me? I want to make sure it got there safely.
getting into my bed after a long day 👍
Fill in the blank: I'm looking forward to __________ this weekend.
Check your messages! :)
well you're not playing the NYC show so boo hoo :(
Stating the obvious
I am too positive to be doubtful. Too optimistic to be fearful. And too determined to be defeated. --Kim Garst
Oh my goodness Kevin McHale.
All three!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I hate the show big brother but for some reason someone always forces me to watch it with them
makes for a great Monday night.
DeKalb, GA voters- its not just about Republicans today. Get out and vote yes to Sunday alcohol sales!
All of the videos we show on Twitter comes directly from our blog site! We will be showing live performances soon on our social site!
Savory Cheddar pretzel things are delicious. Not sure why I didn't start eating these months ago.
Aaaandale weyyyy. Cant sleep while the jolly mexican giant is snoring. Omg stfu. M warmth(:.
.....GED classes, and computer training, while instilling hope and restoring a sense of dignity and worth.
Someone just finished the Morning Report RT : First GOOG search of the day "define:sasquatch"
I hope you saw the game earlier! RT : I've been sick in bed since Friday. I'm going to need a weekend after this.
The health club I go to offers free pizza on mondays. That's a great feeder program in my opinion.
Wow, I just rode past someone's house who had a green wreath and red bow on their front door...
No I didn't, I could tell from how we were playing. What was the score?
Vaseline: not just for breakfast anymore.
When your healing strawberry itches like fuck <<
thanks for being here! Joining us for Happy Hour at ?
This guy is feeling kinda KRUNK today...
Thanks for the RT!
I like that RT : Mr. Urlacher, meet Mr. Sherrod.
Will the #LDinaDay talks be recorded and put on the #GDC vault?
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St. #SushiCulture Yellow Tail & Jalapeno Roll Poki Roll, Dragon Roll, Crispy Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Kanpache
we will be at your next local show...you guys are great!
Can I get a "Stay Crispy!" or "Liv it up!" ? If so, I would be eternally happy.(:
Milla in 5th Element was pre-Diana. Post-Diana, she's just another zombie-killer, b/c I found my 5th element. :)
can get a bit wildd sometimes so I keep my distance if I have to 2 just to avoid any situations
Have a great weekend and come visit soon!
lol the paramedics said no concussion, didnt even have to go in the ambulance (thank god) just lack of sleep
Welch's orange pineapple juice.
Gotta check it out -- is it in with Five Guys or across the street?
It's true. I sprint. Not to be confused with iSprint, which is the iPhone on Sprint.
Just a second ...
Life is nothing more than a series of decisions. Even if we make the wrong one, we have a chance to make another.
I know! It's so exciting!
you lyin. i just sat down in there i rarely ever hit anyone... you do know that joseph had my account info right...
ok! in a good way i hope?
wish I was there!
so last night's dream included me, my bed, and some chocolate. lol but don't worry, i'm legal. #iturn22onfriday haha :)
what bands where there? And that's cool! I met him like 4 years ago
No reservations required! About the same price as a cab! (206)722-7696 more cars, more drivers.
Dont wanna go to the school , fuck!!!
Oh, yeah. :) It's all very legit. He's working on a sword (being a blacksmith and all) and Arya is, um, watching.
TODAY I WILL USE MY AK AND IT WILL STILL BE A GOOD DAY DAMNIT!
It's hilarious 2 me when parents are clearly embarrassing their kids n public
what u don't read my tweets to u? Seeing if u wanna go to the mall when I get back? Fuck you. Your
The editor has 2 hats, one to oversee objective newsroom, one to oversee edit board that takes positions, often those of owner.
dang. most of my updates mention eating. there is more to my life than that.
Indeed. I was rooting for Chef Symons. Love that he supported Autism Speaks.
Community this evening, wednesday, at 6:30.
crap, I should have brought you along!!! Next time :)
nickleback walks into a bar....there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny.
Happy birthday to the biggest dump I know;
But not your million dollar company :) Maybe they'll give you a free meal!
I love GOD!
How's everybody doing tonight? Hope everyone had a good day.
yess I will tomorrow for sure
we will see, we will see.
That man of mine is my hero! I was stuck & called him in he was here within 5 minutes. I love him more & more. #lovemesomehim tweet
Aww man, I was looking forward to seeing you last night at Jane Friedman's! :(
happy to have you! Go
miss you too!!! <3
It’s time to activate a blueprint for yourself to manifest what you want for in this life, achieve your heart’s desire.
Cuddling is cute... Just keep your socks on
I'ma go on Monday, and done shorty still thinking about you. His first hug in yeeeeeeeaaaaarssss
Kids having kids.... No
I wonder what song it is....
I can't wait to get the goods this year!
Mom and dad said NO to a halfsleeve, i say YOLO 😜
has snagged Lauren Cook from ! Lauren will now be the traffic reporter for "Good Morning Maryland"
If you buy the FTD Groupon ... do yourself a favor & make sure they don't have you buying from a special URL that has hiked prices.
Isn't that the beauty of dating: To find someone to match your weird..then exploit the process of doing so on twitter.
Thank you Mario! Very helpful. I will follow up with a consultant at #MyFitFood #AWESOME! (Having yummy salmon for lunch!) ;)
Tonight at Lubin House is the Business Social! Who will be attending? Tweet at us!
The first time I've talked to my dad in about 5 months.. And I couldn't understand much of what he was saying..
Hi Robert, thanks for following me, love Ontario!
Who else is lovin this cool weather? I guess I'm ready for fall.
im booked for the next two weeks. How about you tell me what day works for you and I will make it happen
strangers woooowzers what happened to u. We don't even here from ya.ur pose to be our PR n huh
Don't bother cleaning that fish before you cook it.
Na ima fight youll be on the floor ..word is born yo
I can do that. When is the Fest. of Books? Just want to make sure it doesn't happen same time as the Idy Fest.
That's the hottest Tweet (including pics) I've seen in a LONG time!
check out my new videos i uploaded on youtube.com/frederickhj13
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Nope.. Nope.. and if its a public fund ill contribute $20.
People, please tweet constantly so I have something to read on this roadtrip...
Starting to think children should have to fly in the cargo bay, Forest Gump Jr. kept tapping me and trying to antagonize me
I guess i need a reminder every now and then as to why I don't drink a lot. I'm staying glued to the couch today. Ugh.
“: that's your opinion” DAMN.
Tanks for the love.
its goin down and u missin it dog
thanks for following!
Only five more days till our new Chandler location is ready. Exciting!!!
#NorthCarolina shows #clearly if #teaparty ruled #America, All #scientific #racial #societal #technology #science #progress would
Why does THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE bother with the "celebrity" qualifier? When was the last time they did a regular APPRENTICE?
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation.
Love your new satchel
RT if your a dancer<3
People messed with my Cosmetology mannequin & I'm probably gonna get points off my homework because my hair thing looks bad -.- awesome
thanks for the awesome Plymouth pages!
she look like a gorilla wit rabbit teeth
pull the trigger! : I do love deal's been swirling my periphery all day. Know it'd be smart to buy,...
boring I only have one photo I really like:/
Wish you guys would offer a workshop that's a little bit more advanced!
got em lol RT : do people even have those still lol i used to catch them for like 30 bucks lol
well whatever you want if you're driving..lol let me know.
any one tweet me :)
Now time to watch Fight Club. (Again)
In Charles Town's 9th race, I am betting #9 Anubis, but only at 5/2 or better.
Just got back :p
May is National Women's Health Month. What are your health goals?
Doesn't surprise me that Donovan McNabb's refusal to be a backup is keeping him unemployed. He's the most prideful player I've ever seen.
k I'm there
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be a fantasy after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Crying and saying everyone should feel sorry for us isn't really doing that.
