The fuck is Pete Campbell wearing? S2E4
Ha! Milk, whole.
Thanks for your support! This week we're entering all donors over $45 to win an autographed copy of Parr's new book.
“: Nat'l Lampoons vaca quotes: If you're taking the whole tribe cross country, this is your automobile.
It's official, notice has been given & I'll be in San Diego in less than a month!!!
GM ..... No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
There's almost nothing that modern politicians can say or do w/out instantly drawing hyperbolic rancor. But I think we can all agree (1/2)
thanks so much!
“: Lmao forgot what I look like”
"Stressed" is "Desserts" spelled backwards! Unwind with #ShortsandSweets PRIMETIME performance tonight
as u should
George Lynch your not ! Close um, yeah right .Dream on lady's man
"...1. Imagination leaves out the details. And the details are imp to a good experience...What we don't imagine is as imp as what we do."
sure! that would be awesome! what would I have to do?
Can't wait to bum around Chicago all day with on Friday! Celebrating his birth 3 years in a row with some #Wrigley action.
I have not Was going to ask you about it.
Yo! Put some tears in my eyes. I was feeling drained. Now im like WHAT! IM A DIFFERENT CREATURE THAN I WAS 5 MIN AGO!
Two tweets in one screen about word counts. What are the odds?
Pool party at the lake!!! Great way to spend my last weekend in Austin!
gl day 2 ME and congrats again shipping Event 1
"Respect the game that should be it what you eat don't make me sh*t where's the love"!?? ~Jay-Z
Also, there are pullout camp areas (free) along the trail head road before the pay camping area.
You guys are actually doing it?!? Let me know when you return...I will make a trip to DC
Wet, heavy flakes just starting to fall in Reston (w/in last 15 mins).
A wise man once said,"If you make statements that start with 'a wise man once said', you will look more intelligent."
Darn for getting me into Frank Ocean. i promised myself i wouldnt. -_-
HELL YEAH
Hydrating. Leaving today for SF. Marathon starts in less than 48 hours.
stop in to see me about some writing stuff. submission deadline is the 15th, btw!!
Big congrats to you!
i wish I could babe but I'm really busy. Im juggling a lot of things. after this 2 weeks baru boleh, I'm sorry :/
Niggas in #Cincinnati need to work together instead of tryna bring each other down matter of fact
A good weekend of basketball, and was with me the whole time :)
“: People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.”. Yes yes yes!!!
Y'all act like Jordan won his championships on his own. Last I checked he had a top 50 player playing beside him.
of course ur concert will sell out cuz ur AMAZING :)
no they sell the #patience right next to the #maturity its on the left side of isle # 3 right above the #faith and
I want to try that new lobster Mac n cheese
It's some kind of wonderful. Hey hey hey. :)
Blaise luvs her sofa...never wants to leave it
Thumb flick by guide hand adds a second somewhat orthogonal force factor to the targeting solution for the brain.
He is so cute!
me too
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
Proud 2 take part in "dream dinner" b/w 10-yr-old St. Jude patient & Grizzly Rudy Gay on Sunday night! Excited 2 be part of this initiative!
might be something with out microwaves as well! Keep trying.
Need to AMP up the volume in your hair??? 25% off #volumizing hair products now through 6/30!!
iPadPee™ is MINE. I OWN IT.
That awkward moment where your waiting on a reply from someone but it turns out, you never sent your message.
Something's you just have to figure out on your own!!!!!
As rumors float about the stock market movements the past few weeks, we still don't know the problem that needs fixing yet. Bear season here
soo then why would they be calle old ?? Hm lls
does anyone understand a word im saying?
haha, no my only ah shit moment was nuking the website for a day and a half. Pig latin is all on the developers.
Ladies day out at Francos in #Mandeville!
Your 5 year plan. What does an interviewer want to hear? What is your no-fail answer?
Okay, sounds good. Aha, what you up to?
yes ! He's the shit !
Relaxing my mind
Also happy I had friends at the Washington International School to show me the glory of the greatest music known, #power #metal. HAIL!
same here
Love it! environmentally proactive oceanic lifestyle brand advocating marine conservation...improve & enhance people’s lives.
Sic semper tyrannis! RT : Does have the best Twitter picture? Gonna have to go with yes. Yes he does.
RIP Seve, true legend.
there are more than 2 shows on HBO doofus
Oatmeal is nice at night. I do that sometimes. I'm eating chocolate covered raisins.
coming to Philly in July for vacation, looking for tips on hotels. Thanks.
As we like to say, if you have the beard, you have the balls. (just made that up, but still, it sticks)
don't be sad beautiful
Today just sucks
Let's laugh as the world falls apart around us.
"You're a pandora's fucking box of a human being.." to J. Forbing
Yippee! The beautiful "baby-boy-light at the end of the tunnel" is so close... Enjoy your remaining quiet times...lol :-)
thank you
I knew what you meant. :) Appreciate it. We need to get together soon.
Anyone have the new iPad yet? How's the video quality??
It would cost Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac almost $100 billion to write down the principal on the underwater loans they control to current ma…
Fuck the bullshit. Get it from behind and penetrate it deeply.
Every time I eat prosciutto it reminds me of :)
Our new short film "Her Heart Still Beats" Is fully cast!!!! More info soon.
We are serving dinner this Wednesday at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission from 4:30-6:30. Come help us!!!!
gotta put da hot ragg on da head..then brush for thirty mins
Indeed we did overlap at UWM - Computer Pedagogy with Pete Sands. Hope you are well.
Watch the BH Staff as they live tweet while shelving the poetry section. Soon the Top Ten Verses Found by Accident will start!
It's fitting that a guy named Bubba should win big in Georgia : )
Is it just me or is John cenas dad there
D.A. Points -6 through 11
Hmm so im gonna have a cast on over break wtf!!!!!!!
tough choice cp3 plays d rebounds and passes very well. Parker is a wrecking ball out on the court he is relentless.. TP!!
I'm donating $50 per 500 new twitter #followers by Easter to so be sure to spread the word AND FOLLOW ME!
J Kennedy asks about the SCOTUS Hines decision and it's preemption test.
“He’s doing well in jazz, but he’s into this ‘real hip-hop, fuck Lil Wayne’ type thing. He’s stuck in 1990.
Freedom minus power isn't freedom but enslavement.
It's perverse but I miss dark and raw New England springs. Meanwhile, the roses here in Texas are bursting!
first time on twitter today..... Pray for Erin. She has a Bad migraine right now.
Ice cream with the family and grandparents @ Huddle's Frozen Yogurt
Stomach, please. I'm the doing the best I can. Don't screw up my graduation because you're unhappy.
Time to twist one up. Hood morning freeworld!!! Make sho yall thank that man for wakin yall up.
": The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Peale"
I have an extremely low pain tolerance.
Took a nap haha
Woah~ where did this sudden epiphany and hate come from? lol I do many things wrong!!
yeah u make beats? I checked the youtube u got another music page?
Haven't seen this much rain at home since July.
we have cornered the suspect and we confirm that it does have extra pickles
Both. I've always got at least one pair of headphones and much of what you'd need in any situation ;)
RT If you like Foster the People.
Looking forward to NYC tomorrow.
": #Sagittarius are very generous."Right babe?
Sorry about that. The bathroom was occupied and the dryer was taking a really long time.
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- moving into Social Media marketing. Iwata (CMO,IBM), "..2010 is the year Social Media becomes ready for business."
On 3/27 we celebrate 10 years of weekly showcasing (at the same venue). One of our judges will be "Swizz Beatz" business partner & manager!
Happy Birthday Francisco. Looking forward to see you play this year.
Is that a message or plot thread? It's a universal experience but not nec a message...
#FF Our partners this week
Great, well researched post!
Call me tomorrow when you can! I wanna hang out and stuff! I am going so crazy at home, and I miss the crap out of you
Sexed somebody to death. How many can say that? Exclusive club
i wanna watch madea goes to jail SO BAD right now.
Enjoying this lovely fall day - took my daugther to the park and did some "autumn cleaning."
Hey since isn't at work again, how would he have voted on AB1500?
Where do you buy your bandit signs?
#cantfocus when I try ever to study. :p bleh.
Chillin with and
Thanks for the RT!
In this new venture....will we have no names? If so. Fuckin' count me in.
bring it on young blood
I snuck into my own house and hope to escape early tomorrow morning without detection. Hopefully, I can avoid this drama for a while.
loved the cut-out Explorer - great to see how safety really works! But I did not seen a Shelby?
#whosgonnalose - Baltimore at Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh will lose
that moment you're in the kitchen and your space fridge starts unexpectedly beeping at you 😳 <<
Clay Matthews Cheese, Sausage & Cracker Platter---$52--serves 36-40 people Call Today to receive 12% w/ mention of Aaron Rodgers!!
dam shawty you can get it .
Thanks Nice to see you on the 1s and 2s last night at the Mudhoney after party.
I just wish I was at #nerdprom... but really..
No such thing as an #aquarium that doesn’t need water changes. Change about 10% a week.
FIGS you'll find me ...
Cranberry Farms is our lifeblood. Makes for some poor office morale in the summer...
I love wandering into an empty room and talking to people who aren't there. Eventually I realize this and stop talking.
That was a touchdown if OC doesn't knock the ball from Rogers.
Bus driver is driving this thing like a porsche!
I want a pet tiger.
Derrick Rose must feel pretty good about now. Hats off to Iggy. love
Taking train to to watch The Birds. Left work "early"
BeThankful for Blessings... With the blessing of God we can be rich even when we are poor. -Proverbs 10:22
#Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race - too ambitious to add to bucket list?
Grand opening to the public FREE membership! Join the Gang Today! Follow us for
My uncle spent most of his life fighting for the royalties for a Motown Copyright worth millions. He did win others didnt.
Welcome to the team Kris Love, Nicolle Zurek, Shelly Simon, Matt Oswalt, Taylor Stevens, and Sarah Sheppard!!!!
are you up?
Omg! Billy Budd tonight!!!
New today what? Egh! Can't wait
When people don't answer their phones<<<<
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. - Will Rogers
Who says Thursday isn't part of the weekend?? Come by #Fridays from 4-7pm for $5 LITs and half-priced #appetizers at the bar!
#AGirlThat is 14, still watches Disney and Nick, is in love with hieght is 4`11 and dreams too much... thats me (: ♥
WHAT?!?!? I'm going to see that too!! Ahh yayayayay!
Some of these niggas can't peep body language and be letting these bitches slip thru their fingers.
Don't even call me, if you got about 2,3 other boos!
Bill Edler coined this term the "verbal freeroll" a few years ago. Pretty genius IMO.
Fun random night. Lovee my frendss:-)
hunger games u should totally go with the hunger games it will make u cry :-(
sounds interesting. Finishing book tonite. Any recommendations for my next read??
how did you do?
Maroon and white phone case :)
Dont be afraid to be who you are.Because everyone has that feeling where they want to be themselves but others may not like it.
The excitement is brewing here at Allerent! Sign up today to have us manage your social media needs and receive the first month free!
Engine light on? I'll scan it and read the codes for free!
you coming up for baseball night?
I am LOVING this quarter with no teaching Thursdays and Fridays! Pretty sweet set up
we're up to 30,000 now!
Discovery: a cap of pine o clean in the wash load gets rid of that old sweat smell from your sport gear... Amazing!! #exercise for life!
Seriously, how is it a real thing that we can't make any free throws down the stretch.
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks for the #FF love!
CampusLife is the new "campus life wide" mobile tool from Desire2Learn.
Website is functioning! Entire coupon code "UPANDRUNNING" for 30% off your ENTIRE purchase! Yes...THIRTY percent off!
Steel City Big Pour today! Best Pittsburgh event of the year.
I miss my dad a lot. This big house feels so empty without him.
u already kno.. but I'm off 2morrow yayy!!
FL wins the prize for dumb laws. I remember when they arrested record shop owners, who sold 2 Live Crew albums, for obscenity.
yes lol i finally got one #canyoubelieve that :)
Just relized no practice tomorrow so I can watch Austream!! :D
Goodnight world.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers in the world...Enjoy your day & have fun
Let me give your heart a break.
I can't wait for april to end.
I love sleep, but I always end up getting too much sleep.. ):
Testing out new iPhone + twitter app. Bear with me
. Army - send a word of encouragement as he starts Asylum today! You got this buddy!
Can't have big ups without big downs
Church was awesome! Headed to Blue's cabin for a writing session and birthday supper...what a beautiful day!
And tried like hell to get FDR's ear on it, too. Not a priority for him.
Had a great Monday and hope yours was too! Thanks for the mention and enjoy your day!
At goose island brewing a beer named sue!
Really glad to find out more people are realizing #kismetwholesalefragrance is a job scam.
Are you going to be signing this at the NYC & Philly concert?
wtf??? They sell everything
79 degrees in Zachary today? YES!
New York's very different region from New England. Neither NYers nor New Englanders'd claim the other (save western 1/2 of CT)
i know! im thinking 'yeah right, like shes got more followers than justin. HA! lol she asked me how many followers i had and
Sent an email to 2011 #apufringe participants asking to participate in creating a video. Excited to see/hear what they will say.
Listening to a new song, "Be Careful What You Ask For." sounds awesome
I think I just learned how to delegate... wait, give it back, I want to do it!
Octavia Spencer looks fab in her lavender dress. Fits her perfectly! Well deserved win
My wife told me to have some common sense. I retorted by telling her to have some commonality. Touche.
tks, i will check them out more!
that your correction was wrong because i didnt you are(you're) life i played your life #notknowingwht2+2=4
is going to be there for you in the morning
I don't have enough garlic naan to finish my chicken tikka masala!
Chicken, soy cheese, black bean hummus and dab of Greek yogurt on top of falafel chips = healthy late-night snack.
i left my umbrella in callahan :(
We love mixing up our genres.
The job hunt begins. Looking for full time employment in MD/DC/VA. Anyone have any leads?
oh sounds good to mee (;
have you not heard any of our stuff already?
Chicago needed me tonight so I had to oblige ... but I'm looking forward to more SHRM events!
Kurt was awesome on music of the night
TOMORROW: Food Truck Tuesday from 11-1.Vendors:@% of sales goes2the food bank.
Deal with it yourself
Watching and listening to Vin Scully on the Dodgers broadcast. One of the many reasons why MLB Extra Innings is such a joyful blessing.
What fruit does Dade City hold a festival to celebrate each year?
Now Following Maauh!!
It's weird lol I don't really get that hungry anymore. Haha last yr I lost a lot of weight too!
no way. That's you
civil war crush
fuck it going to sleep w/ my niece. #goodbye!
Is it me, or is Rickey Smiley just not funny? # randomthoughts
#np what I wish I never had by we came as romans<3
2 nights at BA and 1 night at Cottonwood. How about you?
RT : Folks, "aspirin between the knees" is a folksy bullshit way of saying "abstinence." // & a 60 yr old joke...
Why can't we be friends....why can't we be friends?;)
we, as Milwaukeeans, continue to welcome your presence.
what time will you guys get here tomorrow...or do you know?
I'm fascinated by bi cultural relationships. I wrote about one between a Sherpa and American in Beyond the Summit.
It's okay girl!!!:) I still love ya! Haha.
yay, us too!
I want to make you feel beautiful.
haha well also Ben was sleeping and is still sleeping lol
a far away and really exotic place...in Crescent Hill.
God thank you for this morning. Thank you for your loving mercy and grace. Thank you for your love that never fails.
rewarding success instead of failure in our school.novel concept. NOW i get y he was elected.can't believe we haven't thought of that
you knw you wish you were back
Listening session #cratecourtmusic goin down...done with much class!
Thanks for the follow, I loved on Linnie Canal in Venice Beach for years...
I too, would like to follow Mariel Hemingway. Interesting item by Howard Kurtz. Did I do this right?
Tonight at 8pm is our HOMAGROWN Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with: Chelsey Cope, Alberto Roubert, Chase Kerby and Brine Webb! NO COVER.
Best profile pic on the planet earth goes to... *drum roll*
Rainbow city dnt even have a hood store.
thanks for following darling
Currently in Orlando: 93 Partly Cloudy with a chance of afternoon showers.
I'm building a bigger meat pit
and i just finished The Notebook, so may as well keep the tears going ;)
Your the key to my soul.
I know what you mean. My husband puts up with me getting up at all hours to write and strategize. Bless them!
I will.
Yes sir! I'm buying my ticket tomorrow. I have a coupon for a certain percentage off! We could order togezza?
welcome to Twitter.
Ask my nigga about this #DRTY3RDS event $aturday at at MJQ ! Only function guaranteed to turn up! Tell ya bitch.
I guess that I - I just thought....maybe we could find new ways to fall apart
STOP I CAN'T HANDLE THE CUTE
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)19
I'll take one too!
yeah i know ! :D
Did someone twat that?
yea jus hit my phone bro
yeah there are. It's not so much the arrogance that bothers me as it is the dirty play
#WrongSongsToPlayInPrison Juvenille - Back That Ass Up
our #dreamgetaway would be a trip to greece. or maybe paris...
I love GCB so much
Looking for a day-of coordinator for my #wedding - anyone have recommendations?
Shaved off my beard & left a sweet 70's stache. No handlebar, no fu manchu. Just Uncle Larry, circa '78. how do you rock this?
OMG I get 's tweets sent to my phone for the very same reason. :P
Excited for the official Open House tonight! See everyone at the at 6!
instead of pushing for games close to home, he'd rather make fans travel across the country to watch in his precious rose bowl?
I don't get that either. #confused RT What does EVERYONE HAVE RT PROTECTION!!!! Ah.... Take that off
it's just a second coffee before 9:30am kind of day today.
Saturday night and I'm not playing or going out to hear jazz. I'm becoming restless!
thanks a lot
You can now file your taxes from your phone. Should you though? Is it secure?
It's we girls...not us girls.
Shopping in Dallas and making my "glow in the dark" hand made Spiders for Halloween! Hit me up on Facebook friends.....
20 FOLLOWERS AWAY FROM 300! OMG.
I am looking for amicus support for a pet. for cert to USSC. Message if you know of any organizations interested in Feres. Briefs due 2/23
that needs a lot of direct instruction/trouble shooting, rather than worksheets. Will try to modify your idea though.
You can leave the root beer in the sun outside of so it can get properly lukewarm
I wish you could spell ;)
Preparing to do battle with the craft room walls. Again.
Watching a bunch of late 20-something's rehearse a waltz in a garage is a lovely reminder of why I am never asked to dance
.5 beer is better than .00 beer :) sounds like an adventure!
Wowww Scream 4 is on!! I'm a sucker for horror movies
Is wrist-slitting an option? RT : In 2012, would you rather be forced to watch a M. Night Shyamalan or a Tim Burton film?
Its annoying how you don't care...
glad u loved this - did u see the one on the Google glasses? Good evening to you!!
Thanks for nice words. dm me with contact info so we can set up time to talk.
I refuse to let someone else's anger & hurt destroy my spirit. I am made new in God & thru Him alone I take refuge.
The amout of food aI have at my house rite now wuld make Niall luv me for a lifetime lolz :)
thanks. Hit me up. hugs all the way from SD. ;)
you'll always smile upon me and i'll smile upon you too
An egocentric life drains mental peace. When you develop an ego and egocentric desires you become mentally agitated and disturbed.
But if u want to go around saying u cheated on me then okay whatever
Happy birthday to the beautiful :}
I love pickles :)
Be sure to come check us out if you need logos done. www.Wolfeyedesigns.com we love to connect.
We can help with that! Send us your coordinates!
"Sweetie, if we use protection the future won't happen. Look at this picture I drew of our kids! They're disappearing!"
DENVER! We have a show this Friday. Get your tickets from us!!!!
we would love to soon! Need record some new music before we travel that far. We'll make it happen!
Speak when U R angry & you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. ~ Laurence Peters
This screaming 2 year old and her loud family do not understand 's Quiet Car idea.
how old will alli be
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see.
oh, and thanks for the coffee.
Our country should give out awards to people like the guy that first thought of putting an egg on a burger. Those are my heros.
Road trip :)
Thanks, Coach!
Bummed out. Can't sleep. Fuuuuuuuddddggeeee.
Can I submit for both Improv w/ my team mate and stand-up w/ myself?
I'm ready to eat.
Any of you ladies out there interested in fashion, but not spending a lot of $$ please follow our friend !
What have you been up to today?
Have a great New Year from ALPFA NY!
Yrs ago I could say, "It's mother's day you know" and the kids would do whatever I asked. Now it's like saying, "Santa's coming."
Love to talk more/read your writings on the subject! Seems esp. difficult in era of ++monetized culture.
: I did sign up--thanks.
u awake I'll be there before 2
Did that this morning, with the added bonus step of emailing the resume to himself first.
But not as teeny as you my dear. I've been eating more too--dogs walking me every day, working out, need to keep up strength!
Not sure chris brown excuse but heard Madonna lip sync due to game and wasnt allowed sound check as they need
This is who I am. Nobody said YOU have to like it.
Claire Danes looks stunning!!! #eredcarpet #GoldenGlobes .
God is so good
I feel like Ima throw up=(
spend some time with mee, say that you'll be mine
You can catch a ride with My brother @ Chase he just left.
na you aren't the only female on my tl with grand illusions lol
Lebron to start this 4th quarter
watt happin last night
Goodnight twitter. Absolutely exhausted. Thanks to & for the follows.
You too? Lmao! RT : I am a genius. I am, perhaps, the greatest thinker of my generation.
WELL TRIED TO CLEAN BUT THATS JUST OVERRATED FOR JAY NOW WERE SITTING HERE LISTENING TO ALICIA KEYS!!! ILY PRINCESS
I took out my snakebites because everyone wants them or has them now.
i bet your friend just gained a lot of new followers:)
Hey - this is for you: Sexy Bruschetta #fakebandnames Sliced, warm, and ready
I just can't wait :)
Shit is crazy right now tryna get these shoes online
"Preparing the Documents Needed for a Job Search" is happening today @ 3:30-4:30pm in Holthusen Hall Rm 116K (in the Career Services Center)
Check it out! Can you spot the changes www.losangelesvoicetherapy.com
First day of Lent. No more tweeting for me! See you all on Easter, Tweethearts.
My pleasure! My beer would be at every conference if I had a friend in the TSA.... :)
Question for everyone (but esp. non-musicians): Does a $10 sug. donation for a 2 hr. sextet concert at a loft apt. seem too pricey?
cheers mate, happy to help :) Lord bless
All I know is I'm not home yet. This is not where I belong... -Building 429
Duck Dynasty is great!
twitter way back in the day!
stoked about heading to Denver tomorrow
ohh ok. Hope you had fun (:
"�Engage rather than sell � Work as a co-creator, not a marketer"
yeah, lately everything I watch gets axed. Almost hate watching anything anymore
I had a nightmare! D:
im really bored someone talk to me:/ lol
Friday, Leather Feather. Sunday, As A People.
Some guy on Espn just told some other guy on Espn that he "focuses on the ugly pixel in the beautiful picture"
What up nephew? Everything is good.....steady. How is work?
Rise and grind =)
I learned LinkedIn is the social media tool used the most by people age 50 and above
And a good reason not base public policy on the Bible.For instance,I enjoy shrimp tacos and cheeseburgers. Abominations both
": On average 3.6 series per year are won by team w/o home court. This year had 3 just in first round."
He was signed to a split minor/major league contract, so there's really no onus on the team to start him on big league roster.
Dont worry, it's the Ed Show, nobody will see it if you screw up.
Sorry Ohio U, Cinderella wants her slipper back.
Just saw the mock up of our Debut Issue Cover. INCREDIBLE!!!
So Lebron passing to Wade resulting in a clear layup that Wade blows means Wade is the clutch one? This is amazing even for you Internet.
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 25% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
playing Christian Grey makes the #50ShadesOfGrey fantasy inside my head so much hotter
I was really ready for this week off... Somehow I'm just getting in bed after baking for the last 8 hours. 
Thanks for the follow :)
awww poor lady x
Seeing Steven Tyler's huge face and mouth on a Burger King commercial is almost as bad as the Ticket Oak.
Gearing up my engines for my fourth trip to beautiful Austin, Texas, and my second trip to SXSW. You, reading this: you should come on down!
your LinkedIn profile said you joined in 2001
agreed - i hope it does too! heard it is very cool space.
#FF , it's a local art gallery in featuring a variety of fine art.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave...
I won't be watching much TV today, because every second is still etched in my mind. Thoughts and heartfelt prayers for 9/11
where is ? I have no motivation to write this lab report. :)
Ikr!! I hope he is there at your party ;)
Heading to McMinnville, TN to play a private wedding party for Brett McDavid. I wonder if any "Walruses" show up? :)
Here's to hoping we have more sun than we did in April. Happy May!!
you like the weirdest sports.
Good night ya 7lwa RT": #GoodNight"
hahah our whole class forgot about it.so yeah I did.
Careful, your going to get suspended again...
haha! Totally. Yeah let me know when you're in the bay!
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
uhh as you should. Bill Murray is one of the world's greatest humans.
I don't think the Gardner heist will ever be solved. Then again, I also didn't think Whitey would ever be found.
Matthew Graves not accepting the Morehead St job worries me a little that Brad Stevens may be on his way sooner than later.
happy belated btw! How is Bentley?
You need Mr. Miagi to nurture it back to health.
Perfect Saturday weather.
#derbyday watching the horse races all day! go #hansen <3 !
Bed please come back..
“: I actually sing too! I'm definitely not as good as you but I'm on YouTube if you care to look. Haha.” I'd love to check it out=)
& peep my man 's #Randomonium joint 2...of course #TheSoulstice is always bangin
The Countdown to a new, improved and expanded studio is winding down! "Like" this post if you are just as excited as we are!
Our parent company is having its annual music Garage sale in one week. Look for auctions on Rock, Pop, Jazz, New-Age and Smooth Jazz CD's.
Thanks for the links yesterday. Very interesting stuff.
Hey buddy, I'm good...have been traveling a ton. Tell the wife I say hello! I'll get to Vegas soon, we need to have a drink.
Wishing you a bless and wonderful birthday weekend!
I will definitely think more about this. May be a good educational blog or series on Break everything into boxes!
It is quality rather than quantity that matters.
I think you're on to something there. It's the "wouldn't it be cool..." phenomenon.
Meow, I wanna be in Taiwan with gaga rn
All the time.
just a tad hungover, not sure if I'm going out, how about yourself?
I'm not chasing my dreams. I'm catching my dreams.
you think that's bad... wait til you have to play Barbies! Brutal!!
It will be chilly tonight but the heat will be on at Emergency Arts-get downtown for First Friday and some FAB art...
Working on a new song for a new video. There will be many notes and rhythms happening simultaneously for your listening and viewing pleasure
Thanks for following
Thanks for following me back, hope we will have time to exchange ideas and throughts sometimes. Like u I am not after #'s.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar "supply chain sources," but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
#NowPlaying | Queer - Garbage
A smile takes a moment but the memory of it lasts forever. :)
who's ur bf???? Am I missing something here?!
I agree! even w/ preschoolers, let alone anyone, knowledge of being observed often alters behavior-teens are even more self conscious
Congrats for 12K ;) Yesterday was 11K now, you got that 12K ? OMG! I love you, you deserve it :D <3
Also, thanks to I now have six hours of queued up today.
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*******
Hi, bitches. I'm back.
I think every answer to that question would be "Get faced with Anthony Powell."
Nothing uglier than a girl wearing a Lakers jersey.
thanks! It has been a while. How are you doing?
Thanks :) hopefully everything works out fine.
People say I'm not a good listener but I disagree; I do think of my best jokes watching other people talk at me.
Hello and thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
missed u at jazid. went thru but you weren't there yet. need to catch up with u abt this remix package I'm working on.
Harbaugh not calling timeout to allow Cundiff proper time is embarrassing. Agreed?
"I never throw the first punch, but I'm always a knockout- Love her
JUST HIT OUR FIRST 100 FRIENDS!!! KEEP 'EM COMING!
Just had a studio session with , one of the last real ones doin it .. Expect BIG things from us in #2012 !
Those texts you get in the morning that totally make your day a thousand times better :)
Duncan's hairline will never recede RT : Duncan and Parker went to the same barber at Supercuts
come on cody fight i know you can make it through don't give up please
You're right! I noticed Vasquez Rocks in some truck commercial & in an ep of New Girl.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.
i hate it when things don't go as you plan it too.
If loving you is wrong, than I don't wanna be right.
Haha... RT : Data ruins the ad magic, don draper would be so sad
I will get the ski mask, let's do you me and the bean!
My favorite people RT “: "Millions of Milkshakes Madness"
my grandma always told me , "that marijuana will make you sleepy" and boy was she right
while you're up, think about finding this film by Dee Rees
no sticks no seed -kid ink
oh yeah?
Gym first thing in the morning sucks!!
Happy holidays from Latin Beat Magazine to all of our readers! The past 20 years have been a blast!
The people renting my house were like.."Yah we will totally take care of your yard." Checked it in April. It's all weeds baby. Right on.
I really wish people would give me back the shit that I let them borrow in a reasonable amount of time without me asking 20 million times!!!
lol just did. Follow me bro
Why is everyone getting the front piece of hair blonde? People are such followers!
As always, thank you for the up close and personal touches...can't wait for the next! Kudos to you for living your dream!
I was just going to tweet at her
RT "Spending 10-20 mins in reflection/meditation can relieve stress & improve your tolerance of situations around you."
Listening to the Midnight in Paris soundtrack, drinking whiskey, and writing.
#Commercial #audition today!
you know the last time you went to Texas, I had to go down there and fly you back.
so they are looking for inexperienced preppers looking to learn? What's the show called?
I'm swagged out today!
Wha-what??? Big congratulations! Does teaching crwt workshops come with it? Really happy for you!
Performances by & the Ladies of And book club w/ !
Every new day begins with possibilities. It's up to us fill it with things that move us toward progress & peace. R. Reagan
crazy question, does anyone know a digital strategist? sounds interesting...
Game of Thrones Marathon on HBO!
Nothing you . Do u have a skype ?
Werewolf Slayer APA beginning to brew and 3 stations ready to bottle, when will you start your own batch? Call today!
Oh, there are snow days, even at college!
tatum look faded !!!! Look he look a mess love him tho
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
“: Just got 's cd, already riding to it!” atta boy! turn it up!
your cooker is a rice-specific microwave? I am confused.
I know this might sound weird, but drink a ton of really cold water. That usually gets rid of my sugar cravings.
Do not stand at my grave and cry, I'am not there; I did not die.
Thank bloody goodness for that :) Well, I've brought the scarves to HI...
Aishwarya Rai Slammed in India for Not Losing Baby Weight
perfect morning to listen to 'ill communication'
nice pro bowl team Steeler pic. If I didnt know you were a Kappa, I would think you were an Alpha with the "hang loose" sign.
"if they monitor this, davey in twuble"
miss u too! I was half-expecting a call tonight to do a quick 'on-scene' ...
I don't want the world to see me Bc I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want u to know who I am
"They're all violent lads. Well except for Niall, he just sits there and smiles"
Jones had an awful game from start to finish. Costly mistakes, mental and physical, all day. Let's see how he comes back.
haha im slowly regreting this decision...how are you?
You only want me when Im taken
Ryan walk off the stage and run away from that show it's jumping the shark like fonzie Time for a new show. My opinion Goodnight :))))
I swear my week goes by just like this; monday, tuessssssssdaaaaay, weddddddnessdaay, thruusssaaay, FRISATSUN, monnndaaayy..
Eating food,but can't taste any of it.
I got a penny for your thoughts ;)
Thank you for following.
One of the best feelings in the world is finally peeing when you've been holding it for hours.
next step, get a full horn section? would be ridic.
lol I know omg
What a sad day this has become...Troy Davis was executed.... I am outraged at this travesty!!!
"Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow" -Isaiah 1:17
#Gratitude EVERYWHERE today
Cant wait to go home!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with... a cup of coffee, for me anyway.
Someone bring me an icee. My throat is throbbing 😒
You know you're Blasted if you wake up from a black out and is over you!
Depends how many you can drink in a shift!
I hope it wasn't any of our Pittsburgh food that made you sick! Great show last night.
A rocket risk is not knowing the "how" but doing it anyway!
I love you because you've got that one thing! llol..idk..but I still LOVE you♥ follow?
Love it!
I miss Vampire diaries...
Its nice when someone remembers every little detail about you, not because you keep reminding them but because they actually pay attention.
Self pity is a tool of Satan.
guess they gotta LOCK EM UP! Haha
The only time you have to worry about a stripper being late is when she's late to the stage... cause she's already pregnant.
yes we do man. You going to be back anytime soon?
Loving Steven Tyler and J-Lo already. Kinda surprised actually!
JORDANHYSTERIA. I used to be a sneakerhead. Camped out overnight for Jordans and exclusive Nike Sb's/Retro's/OG's. Left the Jones's alone.
If one more 10 year old child tells me they like my One Direction shirt I'm going to punch somebody.
praying for you!
Merril Hoge's double Windsor is on steroids.
Finale party RT: : Looking fwd 2 this week's #BWSOTU mtg-since it ends w/finales of #GreysAnatomy & #Scandal!
Remember where you were today...
;) I love you kitten
buhahahahaha lmao i'm really laughing out loud..CANT BELIEVE YOU ARE TWEETING lol..you must be waitin in line at
You and me both. I thought I was cool about to buy two more tickets. I still would've lost.
I was going to say, whats me?
RT : My press conference will air on tonight at 2am ET/ 11pm PT. Tune in!
Amen! Still in Scotland? Still loving it?
rofl I kinda just smiled weirdly when I was reading it, I didn't know how to react
Remember playing Jenkins in high school. His 80 yard split, also impressive, which he showcased more than a few times
make sure to post your guesses on the afb forum. (They don't bite.)
Music can change the world, because it can change people. ~Bono
So you're saying we should impose our views on other cultures? I think GWB would've loved having you in his administration!
Money can't buy you love cause love is overpriced.
GOT HACKED... FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Movies with my pops>>
hey Jeff glad you found me keylessmusic.com
yes, and if we deny that this tech even exists in the classroom, we are doing a disservice
Come watch the Buffs and all your favorite teams today!
On second rebuy...good thing I don't tilt!
Be sure and Send Us A Message and let us know what topics YOU would like us to cover about indie moviemaking! :)
if she smokes alot of #weed she is a keeper!
Georgia mainly.
HBO in the motel and True Blood and Curb are on? The perfect end of the weekend.
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
follow me... please
i emailed you a few days ago and havent heard back :(
Anyone can make you smile. Many people can make you cry. But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
lottery spot, 46th and 2nd: cbs 2 news crew, people shoving, soup nazi-esque clerk, a sad old woman spending 'my last $300' on instapicks.
Hey, nice of you to say. Thank you, Andrew.
Yes! You too? I thought I was the only one. lol
yeaa, well you are all being blind, from what is really in front of you, I defend Jesus, because I love him, and she doesnt respect him, ...
for real though! Wachu doing up this late lil mama!?
Another tough loss tonight for the Jays, time to bounce back for this tough stretch of games!
Oh yes! First thing I read, and then I blogged about it and ordered my whole family to read it! Unfortunately some of it I...
we're having a big one next weekend haha you're comin Roesh
Lol what's new
you're hott
The rumor that all the guys riding in the #BlackOps2 trailer were wearing My Little Pony t-shirts is false.
I. Love. Breakfast. Burritos.
actually its only been 103 years. Ha
aw love you too! (:
Ive seen that before. Every so often one of these studies comes out on the different bird species' habits.
" A person who is not weaker than his weakness is the actual man of success."
#EmptyBowl Musician line up Idgy Vaughn, the Fireants, Elizabeth Wills, Shelley King, Woode Wood, the McCallum (and more!)
I really don't understand what I can do so wrong
lol I MISS YOU !!!! Can't wait to come home !
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other. - Thomas Fuller
yaaaay will do!!!
A drone is some kind of unmanned aircraft that is usually equipped with bombs and is radio-controlled.
Alright, who bled in the sink?
damn i fucking ran cuz my bus driver didnt leave me rite in front of my apt same crap happened to jesus lol we be barking at him cx
Goodnight twitter 🌙😚
PS interview about his global health experience will be up on my blog this Tuesday! #APRNchat Good night!
what about him? That's my guy <33333 he's safe.
#ithoughtyoulookedgood Stay thirsty my friends!
Pumped for Snow Patrol tonight!
who's 325??
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!! ;) #follow?
Fair enough.
Looking forward to this weekend off. :)
swag swag swag on you
But I'm scared to check my mail cz idnt wanna see this light bill lol iknw, my feelingsc gne be hurt..
thanks for the reminder! I make a point to hire rescued girls! heard good things about you from
You're welcome. Always happy to tweet about vaginas with hot women.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!!'
The tricky thing is yesterday we were just children playing soliders, just pretending, dreaming dreams with happy endings...<3
City lights lay out before us. And you're arm felt nice wrapped ' round my shoulder.
I hate la.
you need some ice cream:-)
man da fuckin saints is trippin rite now. they goin to get rite tho watch
I really like Paris #TrueFact .
honored to be a part of the Executive Leadership Team for the 2011 Go Red for Women Luncheon!
Today at the City Center: climb a 25ft rock wall during your lunch hour and learn more about the Over the Edge Event for Special Olympics!
Why even attempt a steal here? Why?
I need a phone # for a customer service agent I can speak to right now on a Sunday. Horrible experience at Kennedy Blvd. store.
Who stays in the #westland area?
I realize this is an airport and so the only thing they can legally put on the TVs is sports and news [+]
Hangin at Creative Media Center!
Exude confidence. Your confidence stems from your beliefs.
hahahah its a random creeper and um alright...hm
Skylar is going to do just fine. She'll probably have a record deal tomorrow.
Good seeing you at #sfopen. Psyched for you to be speaking at TED tomorrow. Cool!
Friday! A gift in itself:) Have a great weekend!
Finished watching HOP it was a good movie very cute and funny! lol I meant to have watched it on Sunday! I forgot! =)
Opening Day at the Rockies is as exciting as Opening Day at Summer Camp for Colorado Honor Band.
Not gonna lie, I love when class gets cancelled on days I really don't feel like going.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. ~Thornton Wilder
please remind me
If you wait for everything to be perfect, you will end up doing nothing
ate too much candy at the movies, mouth so salty
Chocolate and beer. Two things #makemesmile. Not necessarily in that order.
I LIVE MY DREAM . YO LIVE YOU DREAM YES OR NO ? FOLLOW ME PLEASE THK ;)
Choose to be mighty, choose to be happy, choose to be good.
Friend: What kind of beer you want? Me: An open one.
How's TO today? I think #portland may give it a run for it's money today.
Was totally dragging from a lack of food. Then I remembered I have peanut butter. I love you peanut butter.
I always dreamt of serving a good cup of espresso to my hero Captain Planet, he definitely needs a break! ;p
#TheGrammys: mourning #Whitney and the absence of authentic talent.
Did you know there was a Studio 54 in Barcelona? at El Paralelo Street - the Barcelona Broadway area - theaters - musicals - and more
hangboard! I have one sitting here and actually discussed at length how to get it on our hangbar. \o/
Very nice - I forgot to post that! By the time I ate it was so late that I was off the computer! I'll post it now...
prom gown
'Cause it's either dressing up like Trekkies, furries, or Victorian ladies and gents. That's why. :)
follow or swallow, its your choice
thank you for following us
happy mothers day to the most beautiful person in the world. I'd be completely lost with out you. I love you mommy! ♥
thanks bro i got u tho
Google Docs puts design font and center - VentureBeat
Irony is reading a conversation on Facebook about how Twitter is a waste of time.
Have fun love! :-)
YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO LALALA
": I'm the happy, outgoing girl that breaks down every night at home."
The Grand Conjunction. 2 top-ten lists will SOON COLLIDE. Top 10 Ancient Egyptian misconceptions & Top 10 Doomsday Predictions bit.ly/kMebEI
Sorry to hear that - we're not ahead by much, but enough to still feel good about it!
RT : Two out of three 2nd grade classes logged into this week - whoo hoo!
I am master of the party bus, a true weekend warrior. And next time, my friend, we will rule it together.
It was a superbly bad idea to get on the 10-E
he grandpa
Nothing but class from #Bynum till the end. Up 10 with 4 seconds left and fouling. Lots to be proud of as a laker fan from that guy!
"'But' is a fence over which few leap." - German proverb
maybe if i was several sizes smaller n a couple cups bigger!!
“: I certainly hope so. Who then?” - you should jump on the platform and look at it.
OUR LOVE FOR JUSTIN HAS NO BOUNDS <3
#JonnyTee New Single "Friday Night" Out 6/5/12. From #freshlikeme (Official Clipper Anthem) Check Out Video on YouTube
WHAT A JAM!
and if I wanted I could get to wave 50 biznitch
s/o to for not talking to me anymore (￣ー￣) he's a MF tho follow him :)
Oh you're kidding! Hasn't heard they got DirectKick. That's awesome!
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LA Talk Radio!!
Happy Father's Day to all you amazing Dads out there! You are the "base" to our B.A.S.E. Camp! :)
": I demand that the rest of the game be the Patty Mills & James Anderson show. #Spurs"
I can't wait till tomorrow
3-yr-old reply: WHO Sick Man of Asia? I thought that was always we, the Ottomans. It was Tsar Nick II who started calling us tht.
Happy Texas Independence Day! Can't wait to get back HOME to the great
#SometimesIWonder If I would've stayed stuck-up? Huh that's a good question!!!
Having a blast at #MiamiNowTV launch
“: #Cancer: crazy, cool, charming, caring, considerate, confident, classy, captivating, cute, chubby, chocoholics.”
haha I'm not complaining kristin(:
Wishing all the mother's and female teachers a Warm, Wonderfully fun day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gosh, why are people lowering my energy so much this week? Bringing out my stank side.
Oh hey! ME TOO!
this is terrible offense
happy B-Day
Thanks again, stay safe!
Congrats to the LA Kings for beating Vancouver in overtime and ending their season. Hopefully there won't be riots this year.
Attention Real Estate agents! Earn 10% of the purchase price for referrals! Have your clients furnish their new homes with us and get paid!!
yea that's how it be forreal
I'm sorry about the post-less-ness. I'm drowning in AP Government homework.
I miss my girlfriend ,.
whenever you call baby I roll up “: Just left show #doobiedoobie time”
Chip Kelly UO Head Football Coach“If you believe in karma we're playing in the Tostitos BCS Nat Championship & your coach’s name is Chip”
So what happens now???
Message sent RT : we don't dm. You can email
That's good news!
...and opened 2012 with a seven-length allowance victory at Gulfstream Park on March 16
hope surgery went well today!
Happy B-Day!
Who wants me to put a photo of my balls on Instagram? Because I'll do it.
I am now a checkerboard chick
. and LOVE IT WHEN MY HOSTS GANG UP ON ME!
50 jus to change the oil in my car?!?!
Day n night
coming to me Monday to pick up a fair! Lots of goodies
i miss uu too!><
Jessica , NYC TENNIS WILL C 2 it that u win Idol so relax and enjoy time with ur family!
RT Top Fantasy Defenses for Opposing WRs, RBs and QBs are now updated through Week 13. www.gogameface.com
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
thanks Amy! you guys were the best - so supportive. hope all is well with you. saw the Miami pics - made me miss y'all!!
#film #teamfollowback #indy Paulding, a M.E.W. production will begin filming in July. Located in Upper Michigan, this horror film follows..
235, m I didn't pay attention in the row :s
cool ill follow yours if u follow mine
I love that show and the books
First and second-row seating offers good head and legroom, and the power folding third-row seats quickly convert to cargo space
Me too. : I judge every single human by their grammar. #MyAchillesHeel”
i swear twitter never sleeps..
Cowboys need gruden
#I am #going to #sKiP eveRYwherE I go #toDay! And sWiNG my arms! And #wHisTLe. :op Im
this is beautiful. Love love ur tweets!
And more lol :) is gnarly “: I want to one million followers”
I wanna cuddle with her right now (:
So lucky to have this one following me --->>>
websites on websites on website
Not sure what the deal is
Sometimes I need to let my brain go down a completely different path. That seems to be when answers to my plotting problems pop into view.
happy late birthday
Watchin how to be a player!
Really going to miss our seniors! MT : Either playing #TheApprentice in class or acing my last ever college final
I'm baaackk twitter :)
Do you sync your Google Calendar with Microsoft Outlook or iCal?
Gonna go make a #milkshake :)
Camp was great. We're going to start posting kid writing of the day -- starting with a haiku about beetles.
Not a foul
day dream believer....
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook, we will launch a contest where YOU can win a prize! Details coming soon!
is about to make me, & rite for summer!! #Zumba ppl...get hip & get ur body back!
My 9th grade Social Studies teacher told me I had a good public speaking voice. Gave me confidence to talk in front of a room
Things Hamilton people say..lol
George Wendt is an uncle of Jason Sudeikis.
In Music Meeting
Attended a networking event at great food, quality connections.
Nigga talking bout he could careless bitch if you don't care why fuck you speaking on it -____- fuck up with that weak shit... You CARE
Is Rooney's Old Irish Ale "supposed" to smell/taste like vinegar? Or is that one more reason not to dig this place?
Yes we won
Sorry, I've never noticed.... Enjoy little 5 for me and watch over my little brothers so they don't do anything stupid
dats all a nigga like me is asking for mane and da rest will fall in place
just think it's somewhat of a delusional fan base in terms of expectations. But you know more than I, I'm an fsu fan
Top Reasons Happy Couples File Wedding Insurance Claims Vendor and venue problems are the most frequent causes of wedding day mishaps tha
Optimism is positive thinking lightened up- Norman P Veale
Are you volunteering to manage our Twitter feed?
did you guys freakin watch it!?
I got sick AGAIN, but only this time my left side hurts, been hurting for a few days so, I'm going to the doctor to see what's up.
get some clths
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets -Ron Swanson
Not in a good mood.
Blah Blah Blah! You have NO proof! Lol...What you doin tonight?
The only good thing about planking is that eventually someone will end up on a Tosh.0 web redemption.
man, i need some bur>oak discounts. Flights got so expensive!
This site is about Zen Buddhism, wholly distinct from Theravada Buddhism.
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR BOD: Get ample sleep! It is when your body rejuvenates... xo, Kerry
Ditto. And I am pissed. RT : I swear this new update on the iPhone has made my battery 100% worse??
Thank you for the shout-out! :)
music up, headphones in, ignore the world.
I don't call a lot of guys cute, so if I do you must be really lovely.
Unbelievable shots from Alabama...cue the circus music. The clowns are already there...wearing stripes.
RT : #iReallyHateWhen I procrastinate and waste a whole day.
Fuck this guy has staring problems! like stop 
already emailed you, thanks!
I cant wait till this weekend mayne
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on this cloudy San Diego day.
Good night :) Dont let your unicorn bite ! LOLOLOL
Pliny the Elder~ From the end spring new beginnings.
Birthday party with Brooke ballard lol fun fun
Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!! :D Go #DC and #EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!! :D
So fun! We must meet & talk in person. The profile is too generous; it really ought to be an ode to life.
everyday you rise it's another day to work on making your skills excellent, keep working!!!
Not sure who to vote for #dwts thinking Sherrie
Next stop, The AMA's and then the Grammy's! Best independent Male R&B artist! Can't beat that.
I had a dream I was impersonating Sofia Vergara in a Russian accent.
Now tweeting from a Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
I wanna hear something!
For 1 gallon of gas, you can join our filmmaking family. Check it out. www.housebrokenmovie.com
Playing around with google+...any thoughts from those that have used it? I'm still on the fence....
“: I guess Katy Perry finally saw "Arthur"....”. Ouch...
Leadership is integral thinking - Kenneth E. Bruscia
both sides were too stubborn to want to change.
My thought today: This is a generation whose voices are crying out for meaning and screaming to be heard. Don't give up on them.
Cool art app - Art Authority
what's nbd?
Love may not be for everyone, but Love Crunch is.
I heard a steak tell a chicken that was on the same table one night, "I have a bone to pick with you!" Yeah, I'm hungry LOL
How does one simply eat breakfast without bacon?
thanks girlie love you too :)
awesome festival. Films film makers and film history.
I hate girls that dance like freaks but when it's time to get in the sheetz they don't know what to do 0_o*
My new app for building eportfolios is in beta - ! Would love to hear your thoughts!
John Axford is gaming the system to save his streak...he saves all his crummy outings for close games, but non-save situations.
Just started following a ton of people I know, have to get my social networking back!
I gotta do this dumb essay for Jimenez -.-
wow! R y'all still in genetics?
No worries!
Tommy Bartlett Show has several Olsen signs out. Like FB page and post like I did or call 6082542525. Disgusting and arrogant.
Get more at Embassy Suites
Good question! #Tattoos are viewed differently by employers depending on the country. Can you cover them?
Hulk smash, indeed.
be a real hacker...drop a link!
wednesday, you are no longer the empty boring day between #buffy and #ER. thanks, !
Jason forgets dinner on grill now its pizza time..thank god for delivery..
Apparently O.A.R. and B.o.B. are performing together on Leno tonight. Wondering why AC/DC and N.W.A. never collaborated on a song.
Wow! No visibility, strong winds, and strong rain while crossing the 520 bridge on my motorcycle. Quite the experience and adrenaline rush!
Could we be the only occupation pitching a tent?
just for today
We are like dominoes, I fall for you, and you fall for another. </3.
forced vacations are good for the soul.
These #Scott2012 volunteers rock: Michael Bowman, CM Rick Blackwell, Kathy Little, CW Vicki Welch and State Representative Joni Jenkins!
Somewhat of a #latetweet but I'm really upset I missed the Wind Orchestra's farewell performance earlier!!!
damn bro you're so skinny, last time I saw you in Dickinson you where built !
#OTRC it is a dream come true for me, too! I had my first film role in
Safe Sex the Best Sex..I Keep A...#GoldPack!
I fave too, then I never go back :(
About 1/3 is $ for state/local govs. Wouldnt it be helpful for your county? (you can email me )
. Our current ambassador, Walter Dean Myers is the example here, right? What of Nikki Grimes? Lois Duncan? Jane Yolen?
OUCH!!, well try getting AWAY from what is making you SNEEZE.. Run! if you have to........ Save Yourself.... lol =p
No man it was the original version, but your remix is still amazing! +VP
It hurts to smile :c
yes, and the question of whether or not she ever included an actual date in the story plot.
xoxo Gossip Girl
Hey now! You haven't tweeted me all day..! #WhatsUpWithThat..?:/
Agreed - glad we got a chance to meet and it was good to connect with the folks at #amasummit - talk soon :-)
I really hate the safety dance. But I can get on my phone:)
oh we did. Perfect night, thank you!
Sunday FUN day <3 Round 1...Time to Bang out sum Bleacher Sprints~ Rise & Shine..Heat it up & Beat it up!!!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER! <3
I heard they were mailing them the last week of april
May day arrests according to estimated to be 35. live where protests continue.#KGWNightTeam 11pm
Nice job brother! I hope all is well with you!
Merry christmas
In case all hell breaks loose this tweet happened at 8:53 EST for those counting at home RT : There will be a Game 7
My 2011: Harlistas: An American Journey. Dirty Girl. Aim High. Koran By Heart. Beethoven's Christmas Adventure. American Ninja Warrior.
Have I mentioned I absolutely positively HATE algebra?
i like crunch berries ( crunchatize me captain) lmfao hbu?
thanks!!! Much love
I love hearing "is available for food" in the live performances. Audience becomes laugh track.
lol I don't blame ya
Papas birthday is today (: dinner with the fambam tonight (:
Did you see that has a plugin?
Thanks man!
thinking of good ways to april fools sean in the morning. suggestions please.
Always great odds walking into and finding my phone plugged in at the bar.
Inspector Gadget. Now that was some tripped out mess, dude.
Bahaha too bad I was in the first 15 minutes fist-pumping at the party scene - you could have ended the misery after that
QoTD: "Celebrate endings - for they precede new beginnings." (Jonathan Lockwood Huie)
Greinke picks up hid first hit of spring. That ties him with Ryan Braun!
Alex Sanchez was an awesome speaker! His stories were touching, real & hopeful. We can all make a difference!
YES! RT : Goal for in 2012: find new ways to push visitors to Indy's growing neighborhoods outside of downtown.
please support homelessdogmusic.com when we launch All funds go for dogs on death row
Browns want Trent Richardson, in my opinion. Hillis is gone.
Might be the wrong time of year to be headed outdoors...we need a good family fitness regime...
on the bright side, if someone trying to connect to your site does that -- they'll still find you!
Football tickets purchased! ❤🏈
I need someone to do marketing with me next year!!
good, and you better not.
I know right?
Porter had kind words for guru Scott Manning: A beer savant is the local brewers' consensus.
#NP Hi-a Ma - Milk & Sugar Dub Remix
in reflecting, I'm thinking the dr. evil thing isn't authentic...but because time travel doesn't exist, not sure what wld be a.
I hate wen my phone screen flips and won't flip back forever.
i am tuned to Dead Air on
Girl when you wake I'm going to be your hang over
We're having a free coffee and bagels today in the GSA Lounge from 3-5. Free food people
Calling all scientists! We need volunteers on NLN. Join today at nationallabnetwork.org/signup
Yes sir they do!!
Terrell Suggs is sitting behind me rooting hard for U of L.
Anyone want to help me start a slap-bracelet company? Meeting in 5.
Try out a new drink recipe that calls for red wine? Oh...ya better twist my arm. ;)
I always think wait till this jokers see my next car
Proverbs 28:22 22 A stingy man hastens after wealthand does not know that poverty will come upon him.
- Come out to #edcampDetroit to see how it goes and start planning one for the West-Side. We'll help! :-)
About to beast this comm quiz
"In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts; they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty." - R.W. Emerson
We are now tweeting as ! Stay tuned for more great invention content!
ah thanks!!
Dear Austin, Please Pray for mahomies in North Carolina there are bad storms coming:( It would mean a lot if you did. Thanks<3
Rest. Rejuvenation. Yay. G'night!
Met with my personal trainer today, time to get more results! :)
Was wondering when the "Bin Laden was killed on my watch" reminder would come.
Sunburns are stupid and pointless.
What about relevant?
It aint over... n I quote
theres a lot acting camps this summer in Fl. We basically go to a studio for about 2 weeks & learn about film, improvs etc.
"Twitter is God's Gift to Communicators" says
Please vote for KashPile, started by a CBS alum, on...
TRUE RT #Taurus women have a unique way of balancing loving support and feminine independence in a relationship.
Well it'll be quite the walk! I'll look like a caveman once I get there!
#Brooklyn11223 why isn't Christie mad at cassie? And why does she assume this girl cassie is telling the truth?
U prolly think im wita diff broad every night win I think about shit u part right
it's official like a ref with a whistle!
we are trending Happy Birthday Emmazing Watson and #WatsonDay. Please RT and tweet them for our flawless Emma.
"Things move too slowly in government." -Ursula Burns, CEO Xerox /wk
You learn everything you need to know about LeBron when you see that replay with Chandler.
Tonight is $5 Three Olives and $3 wines The Anchor Bar
OK then, one week Beirut & one week Malta - let's say next July. Need to avoid,,
I'm slow to trust but I'm quick to love, I push too hard and I give too much, I ain't saying I'm perfect but I promise I'm worth it.
Sneaky Sunday sesh ;) x
Forget the tweet about me not having my YouTube channel I got it back
15 and Austin said that you didn't want him here anymore
Only diff I've elicited so far: Arendt's inter-est = a search for shared agency, Burke's identification allows for that but it's not auto.
I'm so happy that Chicago can claim Jennifer Hudson as our own. She's incredible!
...More Like A Ramp
They say that when u dream about someone they went to bed thinkin about u so why have u been thinkin about me the past week! ;)
you can't be serious, I just missed my 8000th tweet and I didn't even realize it -_-" maybe I should just give up on this :/
Thanks Molly!
Anyone played around with Pearltrees yet to "cultivate your interests"? Looks like it might be a cool platform for social curation..
I did it. Still hate seeing myself on camera, but the days of letting that stop me are coming to a close. heal + create videos coming soon!
Send me your favorite friends and follow us here on twitter ..
he's more than just a superbowl - you might want to brush up on your football history
Siren Going OFF again here!! Another Round! PLZ Pray 4 Henryville, IN. Pics r Devastating!!
you're welcome!
Keep your expectations low.
You should win an award for most twitter tags. It's so cool. Thanks a ton for all your support!
#oomf is on Twitter but can't text me back..that's cool.
any idea when the dates for your tour will be released??? Just wondering
Omg, someone just asked me v v randomly if he could take a photo of me while playing..
I like the Sun Drop commercial. Lol..
in the last wk what makes you not think he's putting it together. He still has only played less than 1.25 major league seasons.
absolutely! I'm pretty sure it will be a Friday through Sunday mini trip. Coffee or an #IPA is definitely in order.
A company placed my name on IMDB as a rumored director for a Marcus Garvey project. I have NOTHING to do with it, and never would.
How everyone enjoy that 1st week back on the hustle… New Year, New Opportunities
Anyone up for running a half-marathon tonight through the city?
it's truly an amazing feeling when you reach the point that professional models want to work with you.
CHEESE :D LOL
Your Got A Big Ole BOOTY is a wonderland - John Mayer
no it wont! this week has gone by so slow!! yea that slow lol
Another dose of THE AVENGERS for me!
Good to be back in the office the last couple of days. Most of the staff is out recruiting so it's nice and quiet but productive.
One of the boyz tweeting Vinny Happy Birthday >>>>>>
If only for a night
Using ning site for a class and finding it a dud cause students already have Facebook & I'd never go there and Blackboard's better for disc.
Michelle Backwhocares endorses Mitt Romney Umm... Why is that news? Who else is she going to endorse, Obama! Sounds good to me
it would make my MONTH if you followed me. Pwease, Austy.
I have two kids I'd be willing to rent y'all. Well-behaved. I'm sure we can cut a deal.
Now on to Game#5! Go Heat!
Into the city! #San Fran.
Well, yes that was the best cover of "Leather and Lace" ever.
Wimped out on Blair Witch after remembering that jumpy camera work makes me dizzy.
Tell you what. I am throwing a house-warming party sometime next month (I am moving this month), you'll get an invite.
and I would have known if I woulda said the stuff about you, which I didn't.
Migrating our web app from Prototype to jQuery. It feels like someone intentionally made them as different as possible :(
I Have the Next 2 Days OFF
Finished Senior Project!! Whoohoo!!! Ten hours and I will be presenting it to my committee!!
Thank YOU for #FF! ... Looking forward to catching up at ?
“: Tanning bed naps are a tease!”
you are wise in the ways of the ancestors Plaid One.
DC-bound
It was only a clip dang whatever idec.
k i got bored lol the password for that was thisisnotthepassword
Hopefully interviewing Michelle Obama on Monday!
Keep it up, Tom! Good work!
I've played handball (a sport like soccer just with ur hands) and then watchin soccer :).
Everytime I walk through a pair of doors, I open them both to make my entrance seem more dramatic.
I hate having a zit on my forehead...especially when it looks like a misplaced bindi dot! :(
we can't do nothing if y'all don't have no money
Thank you for clarifying that - it would probably dampen support if people thought I had 30 biological kids.
brick house-good for wolf, bad for
can't defy the news cycle on an empty stomach!
OOomf, you're on my mind 90% of the time, & that other 10% is wondering if im on yours too..
Great new menu to sample... lots of amazing Chef's creations that will keep you talking about them well after your dinner with friends!
yeah...I'm upset at the headline writer for not getting the point of the story. I love the 10 year helmet rule.
disappointed to hear Millar making excuses for Beckett. So much for cowboying up
(that wasn't sarcastic; i actually do love it.)
RT : Judith Marks: Not the technology, but turning the info into data we can use.
IMPORTANT! each crew member will be geting a twitter soon! We will keep you updated on that!
HEADED TO NOHO!
Do you eventually build up a tolerance to coffee? I like coffee, but if one cup at 9am means I can't sleep at night, I'll have to go decaf.
When the music changes, so does the dance
IF YOU LOOK NIALL HORAN, FOLLOW
I enjoy the jazzy elevator music on the #2012bench call. I'm bouncing in my seat & imagining I'm in a #MadMen episode.
That's how we roll! RT #heroesPDX free hoodies for attending a training?
9:30pm on a Sunday night... finally opening my backpack for the first time lol
Whats life like not being with someone who doesn't #inspire u 2 be a better u & give u butterflies? #idontwannaknow.... Lol
My uterus is always like me. It's part of me!
oh no worries, I started to not give a fuck my soph. year as well. You never get over it
if that is the case why didn't he tell us in the 1st place. His view on gay marriage has evolved???
JWP is Just Wanna Play - a DC based acoustic/electric dance party that plays everything you want to hear!
I want to go to IHOPS.
Been riding on a cracked seat post for who knows how long.
Thanks 4 the follow. Yea it's saturday, hope it's sunny and warm. Have a good day and a better tomorrow.
I'm glad I have Twitter. I need someone to talk to.
It probably less broad than some EULA's you may have accepted.
FML right now
Good luck on your final tommorow!Love you!(:
Money :Someone explain to me like I'm a child why Dianna is coming back for season 4 with the crap they give her!
That bitch is fukin annoying
wats the use u never tweet me back or follow me :'( im sad very sad now lol
yeah, i knew that. but apparently actually getting super sick is rare? so, yay for me, bc i am super sick.
it was so easy, I only had to implement IServiceBehavior, IEndPointBehavior, IOperationBehavior and IOperationInvoker.
both are great shows! Might need to hurry to get caught up on GOT, new season starts in 2 weeks
C'mon...this is Suppan, we should still be in the first inning shelling this jabroni Go CREW!!!! #brewers v
Had a great time with the Ott's this afternoon! :)
The Kids Are All Right Kisses!
Scary people<<<<
#ForcesOfNature Lets this this trending show em wat the gears community is all about
I could go for some watermelon.. no matter how stereotypically correct that is lol
Hear the Willy Wonka flute every time someone tells you a lie OR only be able to advance in life by competing on American Gladiators
Destined to be alone. Now to learn how to accept it and find happiness again. Thinking this is the yr I finally move away.
big up 2
Now that summer is officially here it's time for warm days and cold drinks! LIKE this if you're ready for some patio drinking time!
This suit is blacknot
Off to the zoo w/ hopefully to see some baby animals :)
Stimulants essential for any morning
One in every eight minutes spent on the internet is on Facebook
At the #VISAWUS conference with one
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNI!!! Jordan said she wanted me to take her shopping to get you something really special ... :)
All i gotta say is that I'm jealous of ! she got to see -________-
