is he really?
#itwasintense RT i need no youtube ive seen it live in person. so sick that threw up on my fldnb shirt
Just joined twitter and it's very exciting, and the goal will be to keep this professional rather than yet another time waster.
Love you Ms Houston
OMG I love jumbo crabs. Send some my way. What I missed most about living in Maryland
Thanks for a great show, come back and visit us soon!!
The sun..can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.Galileo
I chose liberty too, ever protested the TSA's enhanced patdowns?
I have finally decided to join the age of Twitter!
love u!
We love a great cause!! NP :-)
You just are.
Love is just a History, that we learn in school! <3
What does this mean, that you're waiting at Equality?
I was and i am are two different tenses. Learn from the past and live in the present. Its that simple.
Sheeeeeees alive! Lol! We've missed ya round here!
It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader.
Hey! come by at Booth 19136 and check out our new technology
Learning about Accountable Care Organizations today. Anyone out there with links to helpful info or examples?
Me too! if I was one of them I would have told my parents about -A from the start instead of she/he torturing me! lol
I guess and I owe you a drink now even though u got lucky there.
Follow my wife is going to be more famous than me....
& theres no stopping us right now
well come to silk tonight!!
Wasn't expecting Ducky's heart attack. Hope he's not dead or someone revives him. Don't want to lose any of my other NCIS folk
check out the tracks!!!!!!
Watching the exorcist. Don't like horror films...not good. #theexorcist #movie -Jared
awww how are you gonna survive with no lunch? Newtowne after work yup
Life is such a great thing to be living right now .
Vita has another NEW look. Check out the #physicaltherapy team AND the #personaltraining team at www.vitaphysicaltherapy.com
Personal #veterans day shout-out to Navy husband + Army dad, encompassing #military men & women who serve so faithfully today. Bless you.
Was this story about Donna Summer a hoax by TMZ??
Ok another work week down so it is time to get to work on some new designs!
: I think Bkin and ER are completely overrated and #TruthHurts is blatatnly underrated
That sounds like a great plan ;)
Finna go to sleep . Got shit to do .
Hi, thanks for connecting! Matthew
why did u scream at him for?
Waking up at 5:30 after having a long day yesterday as well is a killer.
Yes you were :) but that's ok. I appreciated your kind words.
Moneyball was actually good.. I really liked it!
Does it ever happen to you that you are more awake than usual one morning, and everything is unsettling because it's clearer at that hour?
klhloe has to make friends with the most fashionable peeps in the Big D!
Love You My love forever!!!!
Thank you for the RT Patrik :))
Tell your friends about us.
ILL electronic document delivery is magic
WHY NO PICTURE OF THE CUTE?
when your day STOPS sucking at 5....and you finally start getting some work done :/
on the plane now.
they have a full lineup lol. someone gets hurt a pitcher has to play in the field
Had a dream I met princes william and harry. And told harry we'd have the ultimate ginger babies. :-) I blame dr who ep, vincent and the dr
5 hours till puck drop.
Cash game
GREAT DAY 2day!! fun run w , Tore it up w and my blog is almost done thx 2 !!!
Is that stat for USA or worldwide?
BackStage's upcoming 2nd official annual fund campaign. We learned a ton last year. Can't wait to put it into action.
I HATE HER! SHE MAKES A BAD NAME FOR LIBERALS!
RT : Nobody has ever gotten eyestrain from looking on the bright side of things.
We're booking June with only one weekend available in May. Interested in a session? DM us! Our schedule is filling fast!
your welcome :) dont leave me alone in here any more!!
my last first day of school ever. hello to the beginning of the end. i never thought you'd come so soon.
MCA's verse on Professor Booty. That is all.
The honor and pleasure is mine!
Yes, women should be allowed to breastfeed in public w/o issues!
No new episodes, it's that I'm watching it for the first time.
didn't he say his wife was dressed like pee?
would any of my attorney friends like to make a call or send a letter to an automobile warranty company for me?
The Fight life...love it!! Discuss
If businessmen should run schools, then teachers should run banks and investment funds. Deal?
Annuit Coeptis => He (God) has favored our undertakings (part of the great seal of the U.S., back of a U.S one dollar bill)
al day c;
Why did he have that look one his face tho
I don't typically care but hearing anything about or the term "team breezy" makes me want to vomit on myself lately.
Gonna check out Paranormal Activity 3 tonight (So what, I'm late)... I've heard both good and bad reviews, but I'd like to judge for myself.
Jeremy Thorpe~ Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Everytime a HEAT playoff game come on, I gotta go to work :-(
Agreed re Tate. Problem is often how deaccessioning is done not that it is done.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: I believe experts need to know the basics of how to run their biz. A little HTML, a little Photoshop goes a long way.
do you need a ride?
that I love the fuck outta you 😘❤
Wednesday night ballers-- You deserve a drink or 2 at Patrick Js after your double headers. See you there.
Bob, which brands do you recommend for a spin bike? I just returned one today that had terrible/no resistance.
It's official #Seattle We're bringing the party to Grudge Rock at Re-bar on April 5 vs. BrightWhiteLightning. Who will party harder?
wat concert dude
Nice work yesterday...First NFL experience watching a fellow Grizzly! Stay healthy my friend and Merry Christmas!
Are those just flocking stuff? They look perfect for the scale. Inquiring gamers must know how you did them.
Thanks for the MT
: LED for clarity and durability.
damn damn damn damn damn....and bleepin damn...
total given. Heck, The whole thing is my favorite!
Thank you for the advice, it's appreciated.
WolfPackalan's follow list is the answer. Phillips and her team must have made/stolen these for their new comedy site.
I only knew the decision was out because of Kevin! The copy on my webspace is from another colleague.
WHAT A GREAT NIGHT TO BE A KENTUCKY WILDCAT!
Im in a pissed off mood...
Clarke Ching: Don't multi-task-that's an Agile way of working
that's always nice :) lol where ya from?
will try harder next time. Will you pose with a bottle?
Happy to be speaking about social media and digital marketing at today's Funeral Service Business Plan conference in *beautiful* St. Pete B…
I wish her all the best--but I also wouldn't wish her level of fame on anyone I cared about....
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a cup of Amber Dragon on the way to work.
You didn't text me boo
I have special powers like that.
Until Friday?
hopes everyone is having a Wonderful Summer!
Sounds like a recipe for a heart attack
Thanks for the memories
LMFAO!! Kevin hart. This black midget bitch!! 😂
How to Belly Dance
Biz Kid$ Real did an AWSOME job at the Public Market Yesterday. We sold 50 Juices!!!!! YAYYYYYYYYY!
BOUT 2 CLEAN UP N PLAY BLACKSTREET
Don't even act like you know her.
In class with Greg 😍
Anyone wanna go see the avengers ?
u got my Gmail?
Thanks 4 the Follow! We've got some big news to share with you soon, perfect material we think that will be up your musical alley
I hate homework so much its not even funny it's like we do work all FUCKING day! Then we get to go home and fucking do hours of shit!imdone
really..? Well I'm excited and nervous, haha
Gotta get some sleep. I have to wake up at 7 to go to work :(
im tellin u, twitter with out women
I think my echoes broken
Sing boyfriend by Justin bieber (:
No we really do need more... RT : "You know what the world needs? More subpar cop shows"
Has Knowshon Moreno danced around for no yards in Denver for the last time?
RT Thank God for waking me up this morning. It's a blessing to be hear today.
Cool. We are actually in the process of improving both our sharing mechanisms and the Plaza itself - thanks for your input!
i loved the 90's!
RT "Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional."
. Rebellions against culture of consumption.. or against culture of mass consumption or consumption of mass production?
Um, make that #nwsa2011! I need an editor myself ...
At some point I will be. Just enjoying the summer :)
.: in TEI, schemas can appear (misleadingly) to have a kind of timelessness, rather than place in a processing flow
Sascha Lewis goal: good quality culture can impact people's lives. Positive moments slow time.
Do I drop Bass and Cashner for Pettitte and Stauffer?
Can't go too sleep right now
Hey Happy New Year We are a production Team follow us and send your email we have a track for you.
Happy Birthday FOLLOW THIS GUY
Umm no sir I will not
Thank you for the RT Seven Races!
yet to go there, I like the city though, havnt been there much though, maybe a total of 8 days
haha nice to 'meet' you too!
So have a Happy & safe Easter to you and your families tweeps!
that sounds awesome!
Okay, I'm going to give in.. Because I'm lifeless. And that sounded wrongg.
and I judge them too. it stupid, it's one thing if you have covers on YouTube or something, something to have a fan base (c)
I dont give a fuck im still gonna call him mike stanton
hey, I set up the twitter account. :) how's good ol Hub doing?
: Agreed in principle. The record shows that con's have been anyth but conservative fiscally since 80's. A welcome return.
I haven't read the last one yet. It's on the short list of books to read once my summer starts.
You just motivated a wave of stars whether you knew it or not. So for that, thank you ;)
Awesome, will be on the look out!
Danny Green has 15 points, Tony Parker 11, Tim Duncan 10. The Spurs lead the Blazers 63-41 at halftime. Blazers are shooting 32.0 percent.
Pink hair, don't care <3
YES offensive foul onboston
Book your appointment in Baltimore and New Orleans www.hairgynesis.com for tree braids.
should be getting my iphone in the mail tomorrow! :D
I've been there, right down to it being at a bus stop. Why do strangers' remarks matter so much? We know they shouldn't, but…
A private on every map at the same time lol
Everyone go follow !!!
all that matters is that i got it right u still watchin F 5 stealing movies from the school and shit
i had to stop using nonsticks in my dad's house cos he did the same. now i'm all all-clad type.
If it's bad news, I'll work hard to get back to 100%; if it's good, everything will be okay. Either way, this will make me stronger. 
Laying in bed for hours
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wow, my twitter updates have NOT been interesting. I'll work on that.
The bagel is legit!!!
I know! RUDE. RT : Um this host just cut off in the RUDEST way. I understand its live TV but Not cool
no, just not in the mood!
Real men find knowledge attractive , not your coochie fallen out your shorts . #HoesWillBeHoes , even at a young age
Thanks dude! I linked to it. That BTS shot blew my mind after seeing it
La la FUCKA
Just cuz you lived a long life don't mean it can't come to a short end Nigga - thugnificent
Westwood and Tiger lighting up PGA National in trying conditions. Fun to watch.
4,000th tweet :) I'm practically "twitter famous" HAHA. I just have a lot to say! This tweet is dedicated to my fav diva, Nana, Miss you RIP
We are serving our FISH FRY today for #AshWednesday and every wed and Fri in
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I mean I'm kinda like cookies, always getting baked
I've Never been this stressed in my life. I swareee. :'(
I thought the subject was about being gay.
On AGT the girl that was singing with cobra starship was deff. Lip singing they were in jay Leno last night and she sounded horrible.MAGIC.
damn ... I really don't know how this mobby stuff works
not sure I've seen Mickey this pissed off in my life. These calls are a joke for playoff hockey.
Ack! Can't old-style RT within #SeeSaw?
Greetings Stoners. I'm seeking investment partner(s) to expand our apparel and hemp lines. Contact: for more info.
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin Let's go #Aztecs!! NC State is going down!
dying of extreme boredom :(
I'm not sure what you mean :/
My first name (Matt) has two syllables in East Texas.
Your not fully dressed until you put on a smile :). Be blessed today my friends!
whoever added weather underground to EQgoogledoc - i show an edited version of that and was thinking of it when i added that EQ!
Brrrr.....who wants a hot white mocha with whip cream on top to warm them up??? Mention this tweet and get 25% off a medium today<3
Back at you, have a great weekend.....
sounds good to me(;
Hey thanks for the follow, we really enjoy your work!
"The most exciting point...the Maya were making computations hundreds of years -- & in places other than books --" Anthony Aveni said.
#NP Andy Moor & Orkidea - Year Zero (Andy Moor's First Light Remix)
Its hailing and I'm home alone.
i set myself up for failure again
How is your speech for Syracruse U coming? Have you gotten more than 1 sentence yet?
If you could ask the President of CBS or Viacom one question. What would it be?
Thank you so much for the love and support! The kids did amazing on the stage and brought home some great awards! xoxoxo
We've followed and admired your work from afar. As a former LA resident, they are lucky to have your talents. Cheers!
Not goin to school till second block...
Never speak ill of mother nature when she's like this! You're going to get hailed on when you least suspect it now...
R is the new skinny jeans. SPSS are definitely jeans that your dad would wear
sounds like my kinda night -_-
On my way now
Said by my 4-yr-old after I bought him 3 hermit crabs: "I love them so much. I will put them on my nipple."
It's because his swag was too much for them to handle
no problem. Love your work.
left class super early cause i was still drunk.
Why do I not think that this idea is that revolutionary? It is interesting...but seems like a solution for the 1990s.
short hang is better than no hang. Great seeing you at #sxsw!
I want to go to sleep but I can't. -__- when I need to!! History test :-/
it is i think...
thanks for the good luck tweet!
Well Kim's apparently marrying Kanye now, right? Talk about visibility. Where's the divide between TV and real life?
Did I just call someone a sophist? If so, I *clearly* need to get some more Advil and go to bed. Maybe water, too.
Why are people so surised about the hologram Tupac ? Doesn't everyone have one?
oh damn....I was sayin I don't hv a DM as in from u o_O
awh I wish I was closer I could teach you!
Find the snowboard rails at Mt. Hood's Timberline Lodge--built by WPA and a national treasure. Beautiful!
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3
any time and thanks :)
Excited to celebrate 20 years of positive social change! Thank you for your support. #anniversary #kelleychunn&associates
damn. I'd be your room mate, but I'm not looking to move that soon.
thank you:)
I WANT CAKE TO! and text me when you got your number.. hope you liked the card :') <3
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! My favorite holiday and the only one left focused on getting together with family and friends and giving thanks.
always get me right preciate it homie 👌
Q5 Why should a student even consider becoming an entrepeneur? (Is this a distraction from studies?)
Well hello there twitter peeps (:
soaking up the sun for one more week, then off to cold England!
Used 4 the 1st time this week. Easy to use & my presentation looked awesome!! Loved that it's online and available on the ipad
lol dont be late, its only a 5k. I will done in 15min.....ah ok 20. :) beers when done?
By any means necessary
what u up too
Also notice that I've crept over the 200 follower mark. To those of you who aren't spambots, thanks for listening to what I have to say.
Now Playing: Payphone - & It's slowly growing on me!
First day of Engage Today over... standout speakers were Steven Covey and Sean Stephenson. Now for a Bryan Adams concert... got floor seats!
i sent what he sent me to your facebook inbox
Crazy week for Legend, which first had to beat T-Ridge in that 2-day game, and now clinches a share of league title on walk-off HR.
why is what ?
Becoming a good listener means being bored a lot.
feel better. :/
Oddly enough,both sets of blogs are hilarious..but for totally different reasons..haha..
I can't believe she's dead tho. She should have stayed away from drugs and those pills she was taken or whatever.
Yuni B came into today batting .345.
Oh wow! That sounds like fun! I hope you have a great time. :D I'm just hanging out at home..I think we might be going to...
#FF Runs the Best Fan Page Around
There isn't any offshore anymore; it's all onshore ~ Walter Wriston
Getting ready for the carnival!
you would be driving one expensive Bugatti chalkboard!
What's the timeline looking like?
And yes! We must go to see any Macabre show within 6 hours distance! Its an unwritten law...
The beauty of breath awareness is that with all of its transformative powers, the price of admission is minimal.
Thanks for the purchase , I think there have only been 2 requests for LGW... ///
I seriously can't get a minute to myself!!! Ugh!!! Everything& everybody wants to visit and talk when I want to be alone!
Life is truly amazing :)
Please follow because he is the only reason i am here #RayTo4K begins today. Listen to what I say, or you'll pay....
Kids next door have been playing outside most of the day. Not glued to a glowing screen in a dark room.
MT : “Kentucky breakfast”: a meal that includes or consists of liquor; usually bourbon [esp KY]
lol hold on Dang
these morons on NBCS wouldn't shut up about a major penalty. it was barely worth 2 but I'll take the goal. shaddup!!
Stress needs to go away.
IDGAF what they say, the line up for rtb is awesome. Idk, if its mainstream or not.
yeah. Gotta sit and research 1 say. I was helping my cousin with her site on godaddy. Confusing site to me for some reason. Lol
I just left. :(
Our rights come to us from our creator - Rick Santourm To which, my friend replies, "My rights come from PBR and a broken rubber? Lame"
#4-Ray Lewis-MLB-Baltimore Ravens
I'm hosting a beer and grilled cheese paring party for myself.
Yes! The man is definitely looking snappy this season, a slight deviation from just solidly dapper.
okay Peter
The whole John Edwards thing is a mess, I don't think it will turn out well.
Shhhhhhh :) RT : Is Owain Yeoman (The Mentalist) twin brother??!
presenting Leveraging Technology Today to Drive Your Business Tomorrow #pbc12. Session in Lyceum/Carnagie in 10 minutes!
I hate how self tanner looks on me the first day but it looks good as it fades
Overheard another sad story of a 30 something man and a 22 year-old girl. He is of course, not surprised.
you all looked great on stage and sounded amazing!
4 days without tv or internet!!! Fix it time warner cable....you are seriously the worst!!
Sena is right I probably should just delete that bitches number LMAO
thanks for all of your great business insights at the#m3philly meetup w/ - u were great!!
Good Morning! :)
I walked outside in my flip flops to get the mail. I believe that 45 degrees in January in Cleveland merits the use of flip flops.
Working on one of the busiest nights of the year.
#PiersMorgan is the type of snitty Englishman we Americans love to hate: dour-faced, patronizing, condescending & asks inappropriate ?s
very sassy!!! Gee's ... Gotta have it!!!
Dear guys, when a girl says "I'm cold" you are not supposed to say "me too".
It's been like a week since Austin's had Olive Garden this is so weird.
yeah you do not even want to see the other kid haha kidding he fell into the table down the house last night
I need a mood change. Tell me: have anything good to share?
Just saw #21jumpstreet and it has to be the best movie ever hands down! Loved it
Be courageous, let your heart be strong. Psalm 27:14
[Joshua24:15] FatherGod has given us a free-will, thus, we have freedom of choice to select our thoughts+words+deeds. Let's choose wisely!
Punch #21 for
yupp jst gotta get the results of my report card first!
Irish whiskey is just a brother from another mother..cut my teeth on Bushmills before moving on to appreciating Scotch
reaganonomics..bush trickle down economy and new world order and blah jr's strategerie happened to us...
fuck this bitch
I told you. You need to take me out to dinner first.
Find your jacket I hope?
2 more bottles of dogfish head 120
Listening to tonight's bands as we drive to #Coachella, liking Dawes and Madness
It's here! My interview w/ in the Coke Lounge! They also perform Superbass, Party Rock Anthem and Look At Me...
please follow me!!! :)
"One?" Is that how many games they figure OKC wins? Cause I got them with 2 this round.
Yep. Florida rocks! Not many of us natives though.
2 clothing allowances a year and I don't even buy uniforms. Ha
ugh me either -_-
Minds only work when open.
Do they have zoos in Africa ? Or is it just called "My backyard" ?
How you go from being faithful to lying all the time ?
please follow me ♥ !
The awkward moment when ur mom forgets to take u home frm skool
"prove all things"
I've heard this before. RT alright Mister I'm ready for your little game today....so bring it!
lol oh yeah.. I forgot why.. You was probably talkin shit haha
the joint from last game.
congrats on your new client day. I hope it's great for you both.
You're all still juniors, sophomores, and freshman
if you hit the salary cap in less than 12 players u can only sign d-league players
You know its a good day when a little Michael Jackson comes on your pandora
I want some hot wings but I know I'm only gonna be able to eat about 2 of them.
Cooking demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn, and its FREE !!!!
Hi Katy! Guess who emptied out his coat pockets today and found stuff going back to Dragon*Con?
I think he should have gotten more for the tantrum, Bad call no doubt but can't lose your mind like that.
A true classic. "Stars of Leo" gets me pumped as well.
June 5th, noon to 6pm, #WestAllisALaCarte. Your next chance to try my famous Grandma Betty's meatballs! Only 50 sandwiches available!
When women ask you a question... Is honesty really the best policy???
After reading "preface to a twenty volume suicide note" I whispered, "That was just amazing."
People are coming over grandma-mas to play with me, yippy!!!!!!
: Classes start May 1st!!! Don't wait too long for a better career change.
asks us how we reconcile our visualizations with user/audience generated discussion and development ...
I announced "Johnson in the hole" multiple times today, yet it was completely appropriate at a track meet.
When shopping for #foundation, be sure to take into consideration the type of skin you have.
hi. (: im 14. it says it on my about me section.. lol
wow your a great singer:)
Enjoyed "Shoot To Thrill" by AC/DC on Pandora
"You can take away my toys but you can't take away my imagination!"
I encourage you to go public.
Goodmorning! We really like your show! Keep talking fast. Keep teaching. Lots of uninformed ppl out in TV land.
I had so much fun on the tour event with visited the univ archive, biomed special collections archive, and YRL special collections!
1. thanks for the follow 2. Love anyone who uses the word pow! :) Happy Weekend!!
Having some "wok toc too wee" with Yumm
Okay so when are we gonna hear the full version of that song "It Feels Like" ? I love it already
Just think of it as an open source photo album which everyone can look at but can show you how you've grown.
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours
add sleeping on to that and I'm down.
Cannot wait to get off work and submit my form to possibly be one of 's models for his new women's clothing line!
Katie Price: I'm like an ugly fat woman in bed. Jordan is happy to call herself an animal when it comes to her sex life. tells The Guardian.
Congratulations, Katrina!
this weekend my 4 yr old performs :-) so proud of her and how far she has come. all she does is tiptoe and hop. so cute.
Me: Can I play some music while we cook? Mom: Yes, but nothing tragic.
this century is such a quality band .
And you do know that
Come see me perform @ the shrine tonite at 11p. FREE CONCERT!
Trying to kick a bad habbit (rather a relationship that's a bad fit). They say takes at least 3 days to stop craving. Today is day one. :o(
RT TV tweeps invited? << Sure! Got a good response from journos so far for #passesandpols. Pols? Who's in?
Breaks our hearts that Mitch's dogs have found a new home -- Susie moves up to her OWN RESTAURANT end of June -- dogs unlikely to be $1.50!
the thing I miss the most from the Bay area is... Hyphy
that is AWESOME!!!!! Good Luck.
ugh, runnin 5 miles in the darkness of wash park and then eating around 3 lbs of pasta and cookies is not the way to train
Wow! What a crazy first day of shooting! We shot Eight scenes in 12 hours. Good night!
Seriously, stop fucking staring at me. GET ME OFF THIS DAMN BUS.
Twitter won't let me follow people anymore , #wtf >:/
Thanks! I'm gonna try it tomorrow! Definitely sounds like a challenge!
20 days of school left until summer break!! But, who's counting?!?
RT:: Facebook has become the online version of 16 & Pregnant starring half the girls from my high school.
is getting Lost.
10x10? we follow back and we donate 5 cents to the American Cancer Society!!
Where's the follow back love people????? tisk tisk
Working hard at three mile island I'm on my. nuclear grind
Girl I was locked OUT the F'N House!!!
I would use a Nex if I had one, its very versatile.
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
RT Callahan_Creek Which commercials will win the Super Bowl? Compare your list to Tug's-he'll be on Fox 4 Monday morning
Is really trying to run for mayor of some place?
Saw my 2 bestiess<3 really tired! Going to bed! Good night twitter buddies :)
Miami Or Vegas
think about my ex and i tear up :l whats wrong with me?
Yay! Amazingly, SVU still rocks, new cast members are doing well with wonderful existing cast.
Abeg this California King bed too big o... lets switch to NY prince bed maybe it will be better jare....
When people say screamo isn't music...
Glad to help ! It's a great cause are advocating for!
aww. Let's hang out.
Thoughts on QR codes? Use them? Like them? Know what they are?
Back to Narnia: can we all agree that MAGICIAN'S NEPHEW is the only really great one?
#NationalCandyMonth! Celebrate w/
Loved seeing today at our beach shoot!
Thanks to & for follwing us.
Talk about mixed signals this chick throws. Im getting married, let's makeout, Im naked... repeat.
Truth. RT : Eventually we'll all just have one app on our phones that electrocutes you when you stop looking at it.
That's wheaton for ya lol.
85% if college students don't know the interest rate on their credit card
Responded to VACATE @ 64 St James Place, Brooklyn, NY 11238 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT U Niggaz think U turnt Up.. In Reality No One Knows U.....
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need someone who doesn't need her.
damn you
There's no power like brain power ,baby with that kind of fuel we can take over this world together
thanks! You can email us at
If control no longer possible, what is a designer's main role?
Still sick and staying home!
Got that earlier this month. Good article! #chitownlove #bulls RT : Just got that GQ with DRose on the cover. Boom!
RT if u think that is perfect!! I'll follow u if u do!!
Why am I not surprised that only the pictures I hung up have fallen off the wall, whereas all the ones my Dad did are fine... Hm
Ima Stay Single Until the Party !
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
Volume 1 of Leo Brouwer guitar music performed by Ricardo Cobo. Revelatory, but sometimes I think Cobo's tempi are too darn fast.
*passes out* that is the most I have ever danced ! o_o I need OXYGEN and a FRAPPEEEE!
I'm still waiting for to follow me....or, even notice me...love you austin, just wish you would know who I am... v.v
I am in the process of tying not to eat much since it is swim-suit season soon-UGH! Gave up breakfast-eating 1 1/2 meals a day now
I like that. their tweets are neutral whereas your tweets are from a heat fan point-of-view
The way you make me feel is like no other
Education minister wants regular school board reviews
Bring Fifa12 when you come!
Order online, or stop in and get your books for the summer!
My favorite thing ever in life is when people don't use blinkers.
"Why are you down on my level, Mama?!?!?!"
Kathy Bates is the shizz! She woulda been better than Joyce DeWitt!
#ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction food stamps.
Neva Ignorant Gettin Goals Accomplished...N.I.G.G.A
im going to start coming on this account more oftenn
Hooray! Can't wait to pick my copy up.
I have weak spots...
only been there once, didn't even see that wall art!
i like your smile !
my favorite celeb stars in #SuperBowl ad-Volkswagen turning to #thedarkside (via)
Please don't let this one go into OT
“: I wish I could talk to every hater face to face and change there a opinion of me one conversation at a time.”
WTEN: Eagles have earned automatic berth to Championships in each of last three years. Will go for four later this afternoon.
too long! lol
Time for some #coleworld while I'm in the library
God is in charge of the universe....not Harold Camping. God is merciful, and while we all remain alive on this earth, then NOW is the time..
We are on ave for the First Thursday benefiting foster children... Come on out!!!
“: “: I shall be there Friday night for some late show at 10!” sweet!”
RT : Why do people always wanna be someone that they're not
thank you, dvr, for remembering to record Southland. totally forgot the season premiere was last night!
keep u in mind Brotha workin on my album for the Summer!
#wildwesley has begun
Smelling the carpet
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? Let us help on your insurance through the internet.
tru. Be back in a few
#TriviaTuesday warm up! Celebrities acting naughty edition. Who was arrested in 2001 for shoplifting from the Saks Fifth Avenue?
Only iPhone users can see what my last tweet is ;D
awww were braces bf & gf now (: Lol xD and im kidding about the last part...unless u wanna be ? xDDDDD watz wrong with me?
your phone change is confusing my imessage. It still thinks it can imessage you, so it takes 5 years for it to send a text D:
thanks for helping us all be hot moms!
i need hugs! D:
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
you in bmore?
Cameras ready prepare to flash
I wonder how often Spanish voice actors hear the question "Can you sound a little bit more like Antonio Banderas?"
By calculating cost per diaper, you may find mega-jumbo packs arent always the best bargain, & one store's sale price is better than another
somebody pooped in the hallway at school today. #whodoesthat?
#Thanks everyone! I've now have over 0.028K followers!!
omg Joanna this tweet just made me so happy. Kopke is not cool with me!
I'm really digging the We Are Hunted app for Spotify.
Starting my M.A. in Public Relations at Ball State University!
so many stories mrs!!! X
Instructor says: On Monday morning, a second grader at PS 59k told me: "I like Mondays because we get to come play chess with you."
Trust ? What is that?
Singing Happy BIRTHDAY 2 me..Happy Birthday 2 ME
I also did 20 minutes on the high stairmaster after the workout!! I can't wait until next week..training 5 days a week!!
My day would be awesome if would follow me.... it would be awesome!!!!!
I'm so thankful for my friends who never let me give up on myself.
how many R's are there? Don't think I'm weird:P lol
yes I sent the rest of it
Cos that's what niggas do !
you are truly a wonderful mother
most logical rational sports writer out there, He gets it! I wonder if a hater gets more hits or gregg doyel, i bet the hater
I had a major break through on the business blog with SEO. I was able to get ranked #1 out of 1,520,000 in 4 minutes!!!
"It takes 17 muscles to smile, but only one to be a dick."
In relation to my last post, theres a simple solution... TALK TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!... youll be surprised how much easier things can be!
I wish I could quit.
I've never loved you more.
oh ya, me too (especially that song). Def meant that tweet as a real question :) Scotty boy!!!
Dreary morning in NW Ohio.
stereotype use interest...like how Dedrick don't date black, dates Penelope...her reckless actions to "show them" is like sista
get that podcast up. I missed the Rider interview!
My heart goes out to Mariano Rivera, one of the classiest athletes on and off the field.
For some reason I'm obsessed with the song "Why Can't We Be Friends"
still waiting on my first issue of to arrive... twittering my fingers...
I listen to you two on my run...you're awesome! Thanks for giving me miles of entertainment.
aw. ya never fail me. thanks...you should get out your glitter too!
I'm here if you ever need!! Goodluck with your internship 😊 lunch next week!! 💋xoxo
Oh come on, #Lakers, you're letting it slip away.
good thing only the first 6 innings count
44 degrees and mostly cloudy... Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a good movie.
I TWEETED. You happy?!
Thank u 4 the follow and support
its twitter so i can post some sad shit, then a minute later post some shit like yolo. so tough titties !
I NEED TO BE ON THE PRICE IS RIGHT. Need. Need need need.
hey kel, turn off your location for twitter, it shows a map of exactly where u are
forgive me, its my early day and there has been a lack of coffee so far.
Just a little something for you to think about this evening.
for real: we need to get onto our next concert. ideas?
. #space and roller coasters. No way one can go wrong with that combo ;)
good night...take care & god bless and sleep well. Dream BIG may tomorrow be a better day. And many blessings come ur way.
Almost time for some good sleep
i'd better get famous in india because i really don't want to go back to school
Come in for some Ginger Ice Cream! Not your thing then stop in for some Birthday Cake Ice Cream! We are open till 10pm
who do I contact for customer support....my account has dissapeared!!!
You can never have enough of what you don't need.
If 2005 Guto could see me right now he'd kick the shit out of me...shopping for furniture, writing stuff in a daily planner. Fuck.
would y'all simmer down? Trying to pass my finals over here...
I follow both of you if you guys follow back?
Wait .. I just realized pretty little liars isnt on tmrw ... *DEAD* .. OHH WAITT SECRET LIFE COMES OUT!! *comes back to life*
m2teach reading UPRISING "How to build a brand - & change the world by sparking cultural movements, see USA Tech Biz Woman winning
And a special thx u for following to...........
#TGIF was the BOMB! Urkel was my MAN & I had a huge crush on Uncle Jesse. Why doesn't someone do a #FullHouse #spinoff?
I love watching the show Universe on History channel while working.
Celebrating 25 years empowering information professionals with skills & tools for text and image management: Legal Information Management.
i wanna make millions so i can visit every shitty boss i had & drop a deuce on their desk & wipe my ass with benjamins
": Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people." I've got this!
Yep. We have a chapter on that.
we never had sex! It was all a joke. But if you don't believe me then so be it. It's over.
And ONE!
I'm curious to know what thinks about the first grader getting suspended for singing I'm sexy and I know it
If you can't make her laugh you can't make her yours unless you got hella money, but then you gotta
can i get a hello from my favorite disney star?
so I heard you left me....ihy forever
entering cuba new mexico
Hm...my old, and slightly beat up (ok- very beat up) phone is receiving emails faster than my new Macbook Pro. Must be coffee break time
what time of day will Anthony's fight be?
Hipster porn is like pics of fixed gear bikes?!
Want shoutouts? Just ask :)
i wouldn't be seen in RED!!
lol, its all good, how you been tho
u too my friend :)
Trying to discover more music..preferrably Hip hop or something good to dance to!!
I do. There's something endearing about him. He's the anti-LeBron.
Yes, gorgeous dress. By the way, your website is Ah-mazing and I LOVED your Top 10 Met Gala trends. Lovely.
i dont care what anyone says, these 13 hr days are worth it when you have goals in life
Much love!
Beat THE Heat BuckS
follow me?<35
Officially done with this semester!
"Wow, I'm really glad that had capers in it." <-- Something you will never hear me say.
There's a sub in my class who has yet to remove her gloves. And one of my students has a tick in his ear. It's a good day.
“: Shotgunning bourbon... Dear God” that cant be good, or it's amazing. Ha
Amazing job in the debate. You officially got my vote today. :)
Typing fast and making typos my bad lol
Is tomorrow your day to get a free hair cut? Friday March 18th Faren is giving you a free hair cut with any color service! Mention Twitter!!
sounds awesome :)
Stuck behind yet another massive online order at chipotle
Hey , what's the point of calling ahead 20 minutes before I pick up a pizza only to make me wait another 15 minutes?
your Twitter handle is bringing back many fond memories of throwing away hard-earned quarters on pointless pursuits.
Nissan? Yuck! Audi would have to be the R8. Acura tsx was my #1 but hate premium fuel. Sucks filling up the Porsche
I thought so. Soon, I may be the smartest man alive!
You're just like poison, And I just don't get it How could something so deadly feel so right?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Holy Google+ Hangout Features Dalai Lama, Archbishop Tutu
thank you!!!!
Even I know my limits. However, I enjoyed the fact that I didn't have to eat around ham. Soup should not be an obstacle course!
Full off of a avocado, an apple & peanut butter. would be proud!
Appreciate the tweet, means a lot. Thanks.
I'm always willing to change course. Plans are great, but they shouldn't be set in stone.
RIP Dick Harter
No jacket, sunny day, yeah spring seems to be here.
thanks! We love being the cookie of the south! Come back for a visit and a taste!
I think I like NoHo, Burbank, Van Nuys, Glendale, etc. The Valley, I believe its called!
Gotta love night time music
New THE ranking to select future Harvards and Cambridges - University World News:...
thanks and happy mothers day
When you feel like everyone hates you. Erdayy'.
RALLY/MARCH to Defend Medical Marijuana Tuesday October 18th from Noon-2pm From Civic Center 1200 Third Ave to Federal Bldg 880 Front St SD!
"Use capital letters. It's the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your Uncle jack off a horse"
you won't regret it.
Just signed up for Instagram... How did they get me to do this lol...
Regular checkups (ideally every 6 months) will help keep teeth clean, healthy & will prevent more painful or serious issues from occurring.
I would prefer to just pay cash for my one prescription because I want as little to do with my insurance company as possible. Single payer
Best of luck to my hubby Tom Brady today
congrats my nigga
Hi Joey! How's it going?
At CTIA. FCC chairman in keynote: he uses starwalk iPhone app; working to bring 4g to U.S.
Thanks right back at ya :) My week has been amazing and yours? And hey thanks... it's a work in progress
RT : Watching vintage 80s Madonna videos on Fuse while crunching data; video tutorials completed. I love 80s Madonna.
Report: Obama And Sarkozy Caught Bashing Netanyahu On Hot Mic via
battle but no worries
Does anyone have an atv or jeep? I wanna go off-roading/mudding so bad!
How can we be praying for you this week? DM, @ reply, or email and we'll join you in prayer.
This dude is except from his math final because he passed his TAKS this year. His motherfucker is asleep everyday, doesn't do shit, failing
Pumped to be going to the mets opener today with friends and family, my 22nd home opener. today, we are still undefeated!
when people retweet me I feel all special. (:
#goosebumps watching jack and arnie tee off. So amped for the
lmfao. It's in their blood. :P OH. AND HAVE FUN TOMORROW!!! ;) Hope they get the letter. ♥
RT : TechStars Network member begins accepting applications today! Pre-qualify for Spring 2012...
RT I think you mean that a third of the millionaires in china are women
Doing sushi for dinner
It's sad that some of y'all out here tweetin for RT's
just make sure you don't cross the streams. Crossing the streams is bad.
Granting some sources confidentiality, sure, but a spokesperson for a municipal agency?! cc:
Don't be a #funhater, douchebag. :p
im bout to cry
The #HistoryMobile is set up and ready for visitors at the Chesterfield Public Library!
hope so.
Getting ready to see in the season finale of
I hope it don't take a deal just to here from my real friends .
Scoreless inning for the Tribe. Sox lead 3-0 headed into the second with Alexei Ramirez at the plate to lead off the second inning
There is more potent offense at a women's lingerie football game than there is at this garbage
ha! Oh well. I probably wouldn't get hired.
I don't think Bedouins would be down with cross gender tenting
Which brand do you predict will have the most creative #BlackFriday ad or promotion?
"Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions." Harold S. Geneen
Big show tonight in NYC at Mercury Lounge! 7:30pm w/Cooper. Come on out!
Watching & (corr. sp.) on espn2 (all of us are Crosby HS alums)
Niggas wit thick ass stripper bootys make my camel toe dry...
Will do. And tell your Mom Happy Mothers too for me. Then tell Cassie to shuda up.
that's what she said
Speaking of eating and getting fat, did you know Zachary Taylor the Prez ate so many cherries & milk he got severe diarrhea & died?
I don't think so
We secretly snuck into Radio City Music Hall and disabled the compressors powering Chris Berman and Mel Kuiper Jr. Let's see if they notice!
what's up
I have accepted the role as the 6th man.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Just got a new juicer...can't wait to make a green drink!
Just walked 2 miles. Feeling so pumped and energized!
I'm reading your blog! I've been thinking about Winter Break at the NMNH, so it's nice to read about your experiences.
Positive vibes :)
nothin much, working on lts of stuff over here! hbu??
ahh you need to show me the run around here! Tally is nothing like Miami lmao
follow me<3
A happy snoring dog makes me smile
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy. But here's my number, So call me, maybe?
missed out meeting KR but hope the guy is enjoying the visit
this is why we can't have nice things!
I Like To Take It One Day At A Time..
RT : maybe we have to start encoding the word 'ebook' ... >Hope experts like you find a solution fast!
Going to be a long day. All I can think about is this weekends breeding session.
I'm so in the mood to listen to a whiney biatch... Too bad Rosie got cancelled... Oh wait... #ChelseaLately is on... Whine on biatch!!
Get ready to shake that ass! is coming to Seattle August 10th.
Hollywood Beach?
That's the day my mom's getting married lolololol FMLFMLFMLFMLFML
Sometimes that's all you need to do! RT I haven't invented anything, I just execute!
": When boys can make you smile, just by them looking at you."
new phone no pic or nunthing dam
Follow for updates on intramural sports, fitness classes, facility information, wellness tips, and much more!
Yes, felt #earthquake in downtown Buffalo NY...
SPACE: Libraries are the intellectual commons where users interact with ideas in both physical and virtual environments...
My birthday was full of fun and laughter...and of course tons of bad food (but how can it be bad if it tastes so good!)
We Cry by The Script is AMAZING. I just love good music.
Mom, you should not be out pigging out on chicken fingers and bread pudding!! You should be HOME with US! Feeding us treats!!!
i want breakfast served to me in bed ^___<3
hey can you please talk about it's my new fave guilty pleasure and should be yours too!!
8 more friends and we hit 1,000 Fb friends!!! Can we do it before the end of the week?
You possess the gift of music, a talent of extreme value. Give it and share it with others!
sounds like a great project! I just finished two little commissions this PM.I would love to see your finished pieces!
"It's nice to finally put a face with the reputation." - to
Oh, They're hiring ?
Sarah is there !!!
I'm willing to give him a chance but patience is wearing thin with his media crap. He's gotta draw the line at some point.
Basketball time! Love this game
And I unknowingly had 20 dollars in that account. BIG SPENDER OVA HERE
And Who Are you To Judge?
Draw Something is so addictive. Somebody stop me!
Still using that flip phone? Trade ur phone n, upgrade 2a smart phone 2 get $100 gift card from verizon...u can only get this frm me!
Ha ha ha! To me too. :D
Victor cruz jan 17th... www.dreamteampromos.com... You don't wanna miss this!
Bahahahha suzzy I love that video!
Tomorrow group class 9am!!!!!
I'll take him or Blackmon, but if they draft Tannehill I won't root for them this season
@ Cameron I miss you:)
gonna cry. :(
Please follow me i love you so much
Got no pussy this week :(
Hi. How are you?
RT I watch birds sometimes and wonder, "If I could fly, whose car would I crap on?" /via
Success is to be measured not by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which U have overcome while trying to succeed
Can I buy a boyfriend in Ebay? :D xD
If you buy a tee ill throw in a free tee/lanyard/stickers man and 10% off your order! So let me know!!
oh I just saw this! I'm going to miss you so much girlie!!! We've had so much fun this year! You better visit!!!! <3
Yum, cherry tarts sounds so good right now.
thank you for the shoutout - really appreciated it :)
Thank you again for helping us with our PRESENTATION!!! YOU DID A GREAT JOB!! SUCH A BEAUTIFUL GIFT YOU HAVE
glad we could help..what'd you have?
After a raining day, we would love some donations of socks! Its very important to have dry socks on when occupying!
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
"Hey Lebron! How's my Dirk taste!"
At the half Wisconsin leads Vandy 32-31, looking for a spot in the Sweet Sixteen
its my day off.. woke up early.. couldnt go back to sleep.. and now Im bored.. and have nothing to do.. guess I might as well start cleaning
My friend from Alabama had an interesting comparison for Upshaw. James Harrison....I agree.
I just hate how I take my piercing for 10 minutes,and the bitch closes. >:/
told me im perffffff 👏🎀💁
ere is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved. ~ by George Sand ~
what's up hey I want to do ustream?
Yes, the Smithsonian's is live tweeting a panda's artificial insemination
Thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow: is playing at the American Legion Hall in Rochester. $10 doors at 5:30. who's coming out?
Maybe just a poor mama thing. Mine: "If someone beats on you beat back HARD. They may still win, but it'll cost 'em."
Good deal for ! RT : DMV teachers, tweet us your school, grade, & subject u teach 4 a FREE McCafe this week!
I'm making those coconut protein pancakes right now...they smell so good! See you tonight!
Enjoyed my 1st time back @ ZUMBA with since surgery and it was awesome. Thanks for the love & workout
At UW, be aware that ur in the minority when staying in saturday night to study. But seriously, I am the only white person in this library.
great stuff..who published your workbook? My new book is out and I'm trying to write the workbook. it's on angry men.
or a Physician Assistant
i can love you better than she can ;)
When in doubt, call Alliance for Justice.
Yes that is a classic!
I always let my friends remind me how cool the commercial was and then grab me to the theater
Fucking wire sticking out of my braces is giving me so much pain. Love tasting blood all day.
work. sleep. REPEAT.
as long as the tv is free!!
You sure do know how to pull the right strings.
Making a truffle today with #bluecoat gin and #StGermain. This should be tasty!
see y'all tonight!
wish i had a picture of me and my son lala. but he put me in a home and took my money
Up textin the bay N watchin fresh prince.
lmaoooo mhm I am the 💩 but other ppl they just 💩! Lol
Today is going to be a positive day. Speak it and believe it! Let God be the guide and you just go for the ride.
just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now
I need a more fulfilling career. HELP.
They wish they had ur richrs, girlfriend!
Am I the only one that eats Ritx crackers with marshmallow melt? :) Mhhhm
HEY TAX PROS! Pre-register now and save $129 at the IRS Nationwide Tax Forums. For a limited time only. Visit www.irstaxforum.com
Grand Prize Winner:
Because there's nothin better than church<33
Hello from Milwaukee! Thanks for the rt!!
how do you get your phone to do that<3
Ah!!! We were just on West Coast Custom!!! From the CBB!! How cool!!! National TV! Totally unexpected!! Thanks for the pics guys!!!
its shitty how you are telling other teams that you wanna play for other teams when your still in portland. im a die heart rip-
One month away from Balloon Fiesta. Are you making plans to visit? Come see us before taking Park and Ride back home!
#BBW #Tami girl...you need a lot more sessions...
We had a great time at #ACRL! Help us celebrate another successful conference by taking 10% off your next order-just use coupon code ACRL11.
Good morning!
The echoes of our mistakes may impede us listening the music behind the facts...
a true friend will....shut the fuck up
cant wait til your Rangers and my Flyers meet lol.
Check me out today on from 12-3pm PT. , inside the mind of Artest and another former Tiger swing coach takes a shot
I've got a 6:15 softball game that I've got to get to, either set me up as a follower & I'll email directly or stay tuned.
Such a good night :)
we gotcha on the next one. Fo Sho !
The new/very old hymn is now available for your viewing and listening pleasure on fb or ahymnaweek.com
Lolyah cause Justin Bieber would want to hook up with you.
Just joined ! Proud to now be a member of 3 entertainment unions!
in DC prom=prof. association dinner, olympics=trivia night
Head on down to the cow for a nice hot cup of Irish Coffee and some live music! Giddy Up!
Why You Always say you miss me, but never do anything about it?.
So, we're heading to #chicago... Is it a museum or let's take a boat tour and sightsee kinda day in #chicago today?
I have acomplished nothing today.
RT So right “: Yo, Roger Goodell. Our stadium is fine. 71 degrees at kickoff. Play the big game outdoors.#nfl”
#madmen premiere
Please follow my account !!! I'am a huge fan!
“: i still need to go watch the #Avengers =/ i've been slacking it....” me too :(
Next month we will be at the festival - are you going?!?
Follow your passion. Do what you love.
just woke up you?
Name 1 Battle Rap Artist Who Haz or Can Release Timeless Music..... I'll Wait...
Shout out to everybody wearing the brand
she's not pocket .. she's just a baby .. *alejandroo
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 37
I don't think so. Make sure no one has a credit card on file.
#everytwittertimeline has those tweets you retweet every time.
it will be up this evening
Morning! Twitter twitted out :(
cause its fucking heated!!!! Shit Yeah!!!!
It is perfectly acceptable for a man to wear nicely manicured acrylics, on one hand, in Nashville. Doesn't even raise an eyebrow ring.
Thinking about moving to Florida good night
I wish I could be outside enjoying this pretty weather!!! ☀🌺
Pudgilesque. gotcha. We should all go to Searsucker (cq) for a drink...
Tornado spotted near Belmont. Strong ~45-60mph winds near Welborn\White Springs. Eerily calm here though. ^~^
Just watched #TRON and it wasn't bad. makes the movie.
RT Baker said the #Reds tried to sign Kerry Wood in the offsseason. "But he loves Chicago, and Chicago loves him."
#icanttakeyouseriously if u have a
My minds telling me no
If anyone has any leads on 2 weekend 1 #Coachella tickets please let me know!
Each experience u encounter is a stepping stone 2 where u r meant 2go in life Dont sit idly by as life escapes u
I just looked at the #7dayforecast and what's this T-Storm they keep talking about?? It's here till Tuesday??
Hero Mayor Recounts Feat Newark Mayor Cory Booker ran into a burning home to save a trapped neighbor, and he emerged with minor burns, a
How about those #Bucks last night taking down the #heat!
I'm 21 in 48 minutes 😳
Great to meet you at the Fancy Food Show!
A scarier thought is: How long have they been doing this for, without us knowing?
Yes I agree with that statement!
The hole between two seatbelts...where pacifiers go to die! Lol
Us Mahomies call Mama cause' we're one big family <3
Monologue show 2nite! Funny How Things Work Out. I'm performing two pieces, one of which, I wrote. Eclecticcompanytheatre.org Pay what u can
#GhettoHurricaneNames Hurricane Antoine.. HIDE YA KIDS HIDE YA WIFE HIDE YA HUSBAND, CAUSE ITS STORMING EVERYWHERE OUT THERE. --
Small minds are much distressed by little things. Great minds see them all but are not upset by them.
is so glad he took instead of driving this past weekend. Met interesting ppl from China and Rwanda and showed the Rwandan around PB.
#RightOn - He was a non factor when sh*t got real fam!
Go Kat <3 I can't wait to see your submission!
their are stories going around that their will be a sequel to my week with marilyn but it's a wild story i think.
Thanks doll! I do feel better today. :)
Everybody's RT Anybody else instagram broke?
looks like a fun time! See you tomorrow
Can't wait to get out of here
"I can't believe I just pulled an eyelash off of your eyeball"
Looking forward to today's photo shoot at Bernardo Winery with our Chefs Hall of Fame Bakers Dozen. Look for the spread in the Nov issue!
#truth RT : #Bears fans need to temper expectations. Bad OL, very tough division. 10 wins may not equal playoffs
I feel u
you are so unbelievebly hot;) rt if you agree whith me
but that's the next question, eh?
Thomas Secker~ If you would not step into the harlots house do not go by the harlots door.
I go to McDonalds and my girlfriend orders a Happy Meal. Oh lord.. xD
RT if you love ever single of your followers..
Maybe I should have gone to Starbucks and bought a red-eye. I still feel tired. Damn you, Mad Men for airing so late!
And....Here. We. Go. I feel like Calipari is the Joker and he just pushed the button
This is the second part to the Nutrisystem Prank Call
Agree. It's more than 2 bad games. It's a meltdown. Pau & Bynum look spent *and* checked out. And Brown's made 0 adjustments
Had so much fun with you this weekend! mucho bestitos!!!!!
I really want a boyfriend, but I hate how I would be a crappy girlfriend
Omg! Omg! Omg! i turn 20 tomorrow!!:o
In between games 1 & 2 of our broadcast, our spring football show airing now!
Miss Burmeister&#39;s Blog » Blog Archive » Project Pony Tails
My sister said "goodnight" and I answered "hi"
lemme find out you be getting it I'n :) !!!!
I don't even...
. explaining ways to ensure that a presentation is accessible - audible, visible, copies of the script, notecards for ?s, etc
We would like to help you get ready for tax season! Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
Hawks are out and my BF is a die hard Devils fan! ;)
I just saw a car on the interstate that had 1D 2013 written all over it...i totally fangirled.. <3 ~20days<3x~
Monday May 7 we'll be in Danville KY and the Norton Center for the Performing Arts! Tickets are almost gone!
It's a sunny day in Dallas, so you KNOW we're gonna ride!!!!
Eeekkk I cannot wait for tomorrow!!
Gabriel!!!!..thanks you to make laugh a lot Of people...hope see you in Dallas Texas!!!...this 2012...
Ok on the strip some guy just grabbed mah boob ! :D
Nice! Congrats man. Just listened to it and enjoyed it!
I just hate it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't!
No. I'd love to brainstorm with you and Chris Castellani, our Artistic Director. Perhaps, you can come in for a coffee?
i've never seen a team this bad at stealing bases. with the speed we have we should be WAY better.
So I'm almost done packing. But I don't have more space for my underwear lol oh wells ill go commando haha
Turning up for work looking like a drowned rat is always a good look... ''/
Yeah but her face is only 5.....
Come party with the The TheaterW/Heart @ Shadow Lounge, July 25th 6pm-11pm!
but imma miss u today that mean I cant bother u
Sorry you don't feel well. Soup will make you feel better, good call! Had a great run this a.m. so I'm feeling god. :))
I'm sorry for the rest of you but I just might be biggest fan :)
At work, missing my babies like crazy...
First Grade drop-off was much less stressful than kindergarten drop-off was last year!
I'm just afraid of the ninjas that hide in the dark
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 9
Attention Beauties! We have 1 appointment left for a full set of lashes tomorrow! Call 327-2507 for more info & to reserve!
Yo! I'm great! How are you doin? Good I hope. Big weekend of eating and sleeping for me!
Independence is a myth. We all depend on each other.
Jeopardy Teachers Tournament Final Just Starting
you got it!
A great run partner is a must! Gloves for hands & a scarf over your mouth to warm the air helps too.
....I dnt have enough twitter followers following me.....ugh!
I just want to be in your arms again that's all I want <3
draw something is still a little fun.... a little.... lol
Gutted for et al. Can't help laughing my ass off at John Terry though.
DRose out + ref in Mia's backpocket = cakewalk to the finals. SMH
Check me out on youtube/Gigsawlp
Likelihood of me having a nervous breakdown today = VERY HIGH.
#30thingsaboutme I'm too lazy to do 29 others
Took my SATs today. Very looooonnnggg!!
hahah people took them but I'm gonna bring you guys twice a much tomorrow! ☺
Im freezing
I love the feeling of tights.
99.9% of the ATL gonna know @ this: Passion Parties by Treco!!..boom ***drops mic and walks off***
Maybe it's just me, but doesn't it seem like unwatching a repo on should remove its activity from the news feed?
we're seeing him twice in one month. Harass him.
visiting with our social/mobile team at FH talking about what Twitter is working on around politics/advocacy and advertising
soon soon! are you still thinking of coming up here for some of senior week?!
New details on the crash of the F-18 jet in Virginia Beach. The Million Hoodies March for Trayvon Martin. reports on News4
DIET DISASTER: People who trade sugary drinks for the diet kind (vs. water) eat more bread & desserts, say researchers
#Cincinnati: Im teaching guitar lessons again. Do you want some? #myheartremains :
Ahh! my new, amazingly awesome twitter account = 0 followers (yet). Let's get it right this time, only the really interesting ones.
Thought for Today: God can take your mess and make it meaningful
thank YOU for a great & affirming evening. so proud to have been there & joined in myla's joy for thus award. thk u!
LOL IM COMPETING AGAINST 23 MILLION BELIEBERS JUST TO GET A FOLLOW FROM YOU.. hmm maybe ill "win" ? ;)
GREAT session on starting a teen film festival! Glad I found something to inspire me first thing this morning.
I tip my cap in your general direction good sir.
lets see what today has in store for me (;
What's your ringtone?
The Spurs will play their Game 1 on Tuesday at home against either the Clippers or Grizzlies.
“ Opportunity is knockin. just open that fuckin door.#feelme”
lmao! U at work?
fucking dysfunctional family n' shit. god damn.
What did you get?
#FF is a restaurant, bookstore and gathering place where people can discuss issues of social justice and peace.
i would sell my soul to the devil before i would ever do that again..
Rabbits-theyre too cute, impossible to have to defend the human race by eliminating hordes of cute zombies :P
first beer's on me :)
long islands will Pitt you on ur bum ..... Smh im 😁
GOT all three down yes:)
ahahaa good morning it is !
Staring out window, pondering plot problem. A wobbly fox appears in yard. Might it have the answer, or rabies? Or is rabies the answer?
well i should be studying for finals..but i can't seem to. suggestions?
so what practical methods can we use to break the conceptual models that we and our clients cling to about what the web is.
Hi Pete!
Hey #RamonWow, we had some late night Dominos in Cancun & they gave us free potato wedges to try out. Have u seen/tried them?
I know, right? I'm waiting to see who comes to get in the car. Surely it was innocent. Am I an accomplice, now?
RT : “Sponsorship also will make it simpler for our partners to contribute to AOL-sponsored open source projects”-AOL...
"Rondo, how well did you play tag?"
Shank You (:
Frappichino happy hour :) just what I need!
also, did they get the Pulitzer for party photos? ;-p
Try a 45-yard field and that's how the season ends.
“Bridging the Mobile Design Gap” Jen Matson,
Writing some papers then nailing
I may be back in the city in January.. what do you have in mind?
hooray! Where'd you get it?
what's that ?
woohoo! just starting #igenatl...stay tuned!
Last day of high school, telling teachers goodbye Dx trying not to cry..
The Louisiana Research Collection welcomes the Louisiana Historical Association to NOLA for their 2012 annual meeting
Still sad about Donna Summer. I've always been a huge fan. Her music is incredible. And British men strip to it in The Full Monty.
I love the weather undergrounds foliage map if you haven't seen it
Just did my first massage since my mother died. Feels good to be helping other people feel good again.
If you call, dont whine about your gold! LOL RT : I have no gold anymore. Probably will never hold it again...
me: rate on looks: 10 :) tbh: we stopped talking :( Jennah : rate on looks: 10 tbh: you should follow me :D
RT : I bet the song in the Internet Explorer commercial got more downloads than Internet Explorer
x factor!
Follow me to victory, and I will lead you to success
Daytrader, Daylight, Seahaven at Unit Six May 11th! Everyone BETTER BE THERE!
Goal setting starts with a pad of paper, a pen and you. Gary Ryan Blair
Thx for the note. I'm new-but see the tremendous possibilities for educators connecting thru twitter. I look to learn more.
Happy that I successfully killed an emerging cold (from a plane trip I took this weekend). Not interested in being sick this week.
That'd be William Penn?
Oops, yes, an answer. Thank you!
Storms popping up in the area. has you covered at 5:30.
My sister was listening to #Skrillex and using the washing machine and I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the two
Can get another like dat
Imagine a one of those pink bats with black grip tape.
He tweets some really good stuff. It's been getting weird lately when he tweets about jewelry, etc., though.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself - Saint Teresa of Avila
good job on your 10K.
's life is over cause conan is a repeat haha
bet, we on it!
I hate election time. Politics are annoying.
We're tweeting up at the DNC in Charlotte. If you don't know, the Queen City is a hell of a town for a #progressive party!
Well, so much for that.
!!! RT : I still Fucks wit Hodgson prom lol it was so many Beautiful women There ^___^
Effort? We dont need no stinking effort! Or service to Boyd apparently...
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Facebook is boring. Better question: Facebook or Twitter?
Cheering for our tattooed hockey friend and the tonight!
I am in Riverwest now! Coffee soon!
fuck yea it's just 9 Mexicans still heading to wrk lmao blacks still tryin to get to wrk from wakin up late
The best new artist should for sure be #boysandgirls is amazing.
I want to have another baby so I can name him/her Maxwell's Silver Hammer, after coffee, my hair color, and MC Hammer.
going home after a lovely week of actually USING Facebook, Twitter and Linked In. "Ah", she thinks, "I see the value now..."
Woo-hoo! DAS subcommittee members - our recommendations were all accepted, with minimal change.
how much longer are you in Seattle?
see, even your Middle English was off on that one. Can't take you seriously, my sweet.
Kay , I'm done for real haha . #Night (:
On my way to the Center for Arch for the announcement of the AIA NY Design Awards. *Fingers crossed!*
So true!
Its either way too cold or way too hot in this school
"Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."[Pablo Picasso]
Happy Friday!!
Java Pete's was great tonight! Check out the Wolf Pack Tour At the Talent Farm in Pembroke Pines tomorrow. Who's coming?
The somewhere that it is five-o-clock is HERE! :-)
yeah and you and austin ISN'T dating! ;)
Thanks so much! Would love to be in touch about it sometime. Looking for mentors. Btw, I work with Matt McCrea of EdCampDC.
Rather enjoyed starting my day with a Sunshine Muffin. Recipe coming soon to
...I don't think that latte was decaf...crap.
Yes but sometimes its good as desperation XD
"If you�re not rich, it�s because you think like a poor person. Love rich people and you will become like them."
"This Charming Man" vs. Super Mario Bros. just made my week
Celebrating post-NZ Thanksgiving today: candied yams, stuffing, green beans, cranberry sauce, yeast rolls, and pumpkin pie!
most people do! I want to try a cruise sometime just to prove myself wrong...maybe if I win one :)
PENN STATE WINS <3
Don't believe the mainstream media.
First day of class! Good luck to everyone this year!
I dnt wanna hve another one
Lets go!
S/o to for givinh twitter a play by play of everything he has done today..im sure after the pork chops and shake comes a shit
Is it truly impossible to find a Twitter app that works for my phone? Even the official Twitter app has gone mad!
Yep! That's the one I found. :-) That's the one I used to listen to years ago. Not sure why I got out of it.
my mom doesnt know exactly when the shes getting the ppl into disney but im sure its early in the morning so maybe yeah
Started reading Lance Secretan's spark, torch, flame... pondering my spark
in 2 days. At anytime.
I don't know why you haven't used until now either, but its literally a lifesaver for me.
RMFT“: Im dying to dance a good rueda de casino 💃”
What will the kitties think? Personal opinion, I'm getting all verklempt over here :)
HAHAHAHA i'm dying. That was priceless
Midnight screening of a movie about aliens attacking only sober people? Sure, why not.
RT : I refuse to use pencils in my classroom until manufacturers figure out how to limit what students can write w/them
RT : Fantasy football is close RT : NFL and players accomplished a ton today. Are truly getting close to deal
It's been a decade! Too long! cat & DJ around..bumpin Can we bring #Deephouse back to the Dub?
-7 inches total body and -5 lbs. yup, I'm happy with that.(:
Adding more $USD tommorrow....but i got you.
yes! You coming?
Good! I think if I heard a crappy song by them, I would be devastated! I really love that band! Haha.
<------ Dope Twitter handle.
I am surrounded by the intelligence of Spirit operating through perfect law.
PS I miss you... LMK when you off!!!
I just followed and suscribed you :)
The editor in me. Just sets my eye twitching.
You wanna fight a man? Let's box, I keep a box of gloves
I'm not a fan of Rush at all. Actually dislike him immensely, but, what is your motivation4getting him off the air?
I will! I promise! #gimmeaminute!
The more I read about you the more I am glad you are on our side; just... Thanks! Keep up the hard work.
i want to tie dye something...
ITS 9/11 HUH IM SO LOST FORGIVE DASTREETZMUSIC TO EVERYONE WHO HAVE LOST AN HAVE NOT LOST LOVE ONES TUNE IN TO THE 911CEREMONY
says one down and two to go!
6:30-8:30 tonight: will be for some signing! Check it out!
also, sad you're having trouble finding a place ):
ha! Good one.... I think we're going to need all the help we can get. Rookie QB vs. LeBeau? Not good.
somebody give me a a babywipe cs this la baby a mess
Lust and love look the same on the outside but The interior of lust is hollow.
what's good pimp
thanks Pastor!
Hey Tori I won the backpacker on your website a while ago and LOVE it. Trips to the museum have doubled. Lol. Thank u thank u!
: hugs going. Back to extra large ice pack for back
So #Train has basically turned into Hostel on, well.... a train. I hope there is a twist or I'll be severely disappointed.
GO BERRY WHY AREN'T YOU OPEN
How are you today,love?
