Chrysler will not repay U.S. taxpayers more than $7 billion in U.S. loans it received earlier this year and as part of its bankruptcy fi ...
Hoping I win these universal tickets so I can sell them! Lol
Whoever took our username is a dick. Ahem,
lol--and me, too. Debating if I back up and restart this scene or just push through and leave it for the second draft. Argh!!
delete render files, turn off autosave, reboot, clean media cache, export, SUCCESS. Third time's a charm.
Get connected!!!!!
doin the cookin dance with my bestie like bosses !
S/o to for bein my 340th follower
Terminal C is certainly the prettier United terminal at EWR. Too bad my flight wasn't there! (barely made it)
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
you fucked it up in Texas
Im just so irritated
is so forgetful lol...how do you forget in 5 minutes
Oops, sorry, forgot we don't have slides about ORCID. But we should have audio from that session available next week.
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 14 is back from the printer; contributor / distro / press copies to go out in the next few days.
Dying. RT If you say "husband" 30 times super fast it starts to taste like vodka.
I realize I've posted the same link twice in two days. I'm just that fascinated by the whole JD/Nazi/Disney thing.
Leadership is at its best when the vision is strategic, the voice is persuasive, and the results tangible. - Michael Useem
Loss of 5 with gore passing. Improvement over smith 10 yard sack.
Security IS pretty tight in that location. I'm shocked. Shocked!
Super Bowl starts at 3:30, so Kickoff your day w/ #Brunch at Lottie's from 11-3, best Bloodys & Mimosas in
Yup trying to be optimistic 👍😉
yup go blue
I know. She's pure perfection!
#WorstTimesToGetABoner yoga class
Just planned the meals for the week using and and #Giant grocery. Yeah! I hope I actually save money this week!
OKC Party Bus' Blue Magic just came available tonight Friday March 12. Call now for a deeply discounted rate 447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thoughts go out to all who live in the carolina's! Be safe hopefully Hurricane Irene just blows on by
Yes. Very Informative
- Nice!!! Looks like you had fun in my town. :)
Damn I'm tired of all these test reviews.
F.Y.I. Cupcake wine tastes NOTHING like cupcakes.
Where do you guys jam?
Second, Gonzales will be a big dissapointment
is looking for an Analog Design Engineer for Philips Healthcare in Bothell, WA to work on cutting edge ultrasound products. 1-3 years expe…
Mad love homie!
at the park with
Klaggle's consumer product ratings, based on the analysis of millions of reviews, launched on Bennett's Camera retail website.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Even though it still isn't your B-day yet in the US!!
My stomach hurt.
Housebound with the kids today? You can relate to Noah cooped up in that ark, can't you? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING.www.willowmoonpublishing.com
we'll see about that (:
Rockin the new AC Newman album alot these days
$80 for a return flight for a time that was convenient for me? After giving up my seat and adding an entire day to my trip?!
also think "censorship" is strong for a situation where a vendor does not want to distribute what amount to coupons for a competitor
Wish I could retweet all of the "why is Bosh here", "the big 2 plus Bosh", etc. etc. statements.
and went harder than and this year.
I just can't help myself. Jewish boys get me every time.
You've been hacked.
That would be very cool!!
Visiting with my sister and her children from California and mother from New Jerset
Brush your shoulders off
yea i do. I think that was way to harsh. An entire season? Seriously?! You can set the precedent, but that is way to much imo.
Is a Major Announcement Similar to A Major Award? Leg Lamp?
ahh yes tis the days of multitasking
I want to know which doctor Zimmerman went to see. We know he prob refused to go to hospital that night. Then next day, "injuries" appear.
haha what was the score?
Thanks bae!!!! RT : I hope u ladies get everything your hearts desire
I would say depends on how dangerous a tow it was. Regardless all the tipping has gone out of control.
Work blows monkey turds!!!
I have a family of 4 and all kinds of prescription needs with kids etc. Not stealing my business from Walgreens yet.
Purchase bleach-free, toilet paper that is made from the highest post-consumer waste content you can find (80% minimum)
so what's the possible, or likely, sentence? Some sort of probation?
I'm Jus sayin. Ur both Gus lookin sorry if it made ya bad. Jus a thought.
Good morning folks, happy Friday!!
aye babe<3
yea i'm ok... i thoguht i felt it a little but at the time i thought i was imagining things. wasn't too shaky.
Leftover Salmon this week. You better go because I can't!
oh! Happy birthday Kumi! Have a great day and celebration! ^_^
I don't know you young brother... but I know your my brother
gonna be
I'm telling you giving a dude head for 10 minutes will insure u good dick and bomb head trust me
THE TROUBLE WITH FLIRTING is my next YA novel--due out next winter.
Happy birthday!
I'm in Washington, just outside Seattle. Do you have prospects up here?
I like that too! Lol
I love my life && the people that has entered it but still tryna get this one outta my head :(😳 its hard
It's abundantly clear Taco Bell makes food for weedheads & stoners. You must be high to eat tacos with Doritos or hot corn chips in them.
MT : #FL Politifuct's own damn paper reports on escaped rapist in '08. FL Politifuct says last escape was '05. Nice fact...
Is it 5 yet? Well, It's 5 o'clock somewhere. Where's my flask? HA HA HA! Just messin!
good for you, niece ! :)
Boxwire #BizTip: Always tell your customer what you CAN do for them. Don't begin your conversation by telling them what you CAN'T do.
Once you go iPhone you can't go back
Thanks for following, Dr. Cilea! cb
Does anyone know of a way to download the #NAISAC12 program? They turned off the Issuu option, I think.
Go pacers!
& for the record, the only purpose milk serves in my life is to be poured over my ice cream ; ))
camping. for the weekend!
Just welcomed Chocoholicsdiary.com as a contributor to successful blogging. All about hobby blogging.
I AGREE AND DISAGREE WITH THAT
I was responding to E Alperts query on where to find international population statistics.
we can go no where but up
So proud of the Seattle Mariners. Ackley is the real deal!
yay I hope u like Miami!!! Can I give u a tour plz?? Haha it's free
Wow, with those are you running for congress?
Why do girls get so jealous of each other & possesive then push ppl away
been in love with your music since the show in Santa Monica and was very nice meeting you ! Hope to see you in LA soon again
I like this concept. People like to invest in their community and this provides an easy mechanism for all to participate
Last night to go out during the school year! Going to make it a great one :) 🎶☀🎉💋🍸🍻
My plan is to park the car & ride my bike and bus in Austin, TX for
well school in the mornin unless they call it off b/c of flooding so yeah g`night lol
Why are #you on my mind?
RT #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who remembers the lyrics to backstreet boys and nsync songs so we can bust out random acapell...
Argh. It's a frustrating life sometimes.
My inner child is crowing, insulting Rufio, and having a food fight. Thank you.
Im doing alot. But I can do more.
They need to build a One Direction merchandise store...in my bedroom.
- we have a platform used by music/sports/ent properties. Could we setup short call to discuss your digital objectives?
What to do when crackle polish got thick? OPI said use OPI Polish Thinner. China Glaze said shake it up if that doesn't work then it's done
Indeed. RT : Stoked to work with at . The game is changing! Get with it.
hi there fan of miley
Dave TV is about the same age? or older?
RT : It's not about an app strategy, desktop strategy or mobile strategy, it's just plain strategy. -
forildo I just opened up my computer and it was on the portland craigslist page. i did not put it there. a ghost
Free yourself from your programming! Act out! Be unconventional!
learn as we go, right? But it's all good, I ain't trippin :)
wat that a.z like bro
Ommmmggg no way!
Just watched 's stand up. Mad props. Had me geekin the whole time. Give it a listen freshauthority.blogspot.com
You guys are halfway through the day! Ladies, you have something ever better to look forward to...FREE beer from 10pm-11pm tonight!
good to hear. We still have about 7.5 hours to go. Fuck.
God I hate diarrhea... do yourself a favor and don't eat a strippers cooking unless she's culinary school:-)
thanks love!
Are ya ready?? Do ya know i fee it to
Like your not fooling me.
But not Twitter? Curious...
What is this music playing at Santorum HQ?
Maybe I should pay you to drive me. :)
Great night last night. My feet are killing me :( today is relax, slow music, be me. Kisseessssss
Why do I end up being the only girl with grosssman & his friends!!??;
Physically, Mentally, Emotionally Tired.
Goin to San Diego for work this weekend..gotta wake up at 4am on Sat morn -.-..comin back on sunday night.
Yeah I went there back in '98, and dropped in a few times since. Big Library, great tuition rates, and liked everything!
CT for a few months b/c offered a job too good to pass up, then off to be wicked pissah in the Boston area for ... ever?
Replacing LaDanian Tomlinson for the Jets is...Tim Tebow?
Cant get the big black X of my hands from last night
follow me I have deets
Noted :-) Me, too! Bummed I missed the NBA one.
Dear United States Post Office. Survival tip - get Zuckerburg to take over FedEx and UPS.
lol interesting. Where are you located I'm in Texas! You would make a great drinking buddy lol.
another reason I can't stand UL = Tony Vanetti!
i know it's all late, but Abigail isn't doing concession anymore :p
Going to watch Blind Side for the second time. DVR just incase I pass out couch and I know I will ;(
RT : Woohoo! Mind Reader is #18 on the RS list at #amazon #kindle. Happy day! :)
. Down the studio wit Watch ur head
It is a miserable virus, whatever it is. Hopefully you'll be back to 100% before too long. I'm not sure I'm completely over it yet.
Just bought my new toy today: 2004 Triumph Daytona 600 :)
draft week!!!
Fun-We Are Young this is my shit (y)
Jeez, the wanted sketch they showed kinda looks like me.
3 followers till 500 shout me out please:))
We are super excited for our January 2012 collection, Gorgeous!!
Dj's and Producers send me your new tracks! We are doing our monthly podcast show. Send to info
RT : Q1) How would you describe Learning on Demand?
No Lead Left Behind
y do some guys think it's necessary to leave overly complimentary comments on ur Fbook pics?just hit the like button, trust me that's enough
I am guessing you are rooting for the
This is my favorite show of all time. I have watched all the episodes. All of the actors are great. I would not change them!
I wanna start a trending topic
Seeing Pavement at the Pabst. Not liking No Age much.
he really does good work! If I say so myself!!!
many of the jobs we post never make it to the job boards, because we post internally & ask for referrals #hfchat'
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed
I'm so jealous right now ...
Guess who just got accepted to her community college *This girl* baha
RT Happy Birthday Cousin, Love You && Take A Shot For Me * In My Drake Voice*....Lol--lol thank you!!
I watched it today.! :)
I am always surprised by the number of 'cowboys' who live my UPSTATE NY community.
The akward moment wen sum1 is waving at u only to find that theyre waving at sum1 behind you. You already waved back. The damage is done.
#SignsYouLostAFight if your friends had to wake you up
1st sentence of 2nd chapter in Doctorow's Ragtime: “As it happened Houdini’s unexpected visit had interrupted Mother and Father’s coitus.”
wow. that website/video is straight from 1996. Why aren't there more people ziplining in the vid?
I was in a Adele type of mood but it looks like all True Religion 2day frm my clothes 2 the mixtape #NP Riot -
Well thank you very much! RT : Humperdinks fish tacos are fucking addicting....so god lol
I knew it, she had that ring
"I want to talk to you, but I feel like I'm annoying you." --> i feel like that right nowww :P
So sick of the radio and the same like 4 CDs, #getmeoutofthiscar! On the upside I get to hold 's hand for a real long time:)
Finding it hard to accept, in 2012, that all the money in the world will not make it possible for me to watch without a TV.
Well, for those who were worried that CS6's Content Aware feature would make it "too easy," it's nowhere near as simple as it looks.
Like we're that good! RT : If you're doing "Bronze Hell," I'm there.
Did Jeff Long do the right thing firing Petrino? Call 248-848-1130
are you familiar with video editing at all?
The Avengers was good only thing missing was Spider Man and The Fantastic Four ... But Chris Evans was Cptn. America
lol my brother, sister & her friend are singing to gaga & ariana grande songs and recording themselves. o_O
now that the #superbowl is over I can get back to focusing on the more important tv events in my life: #bachelor tonight!
Where is to do the Dougie when we need her?!
- because our current "culture of personality" has pushed people further into their own ideologies, instead of balanced discourse.
Finishing dinner at Five and Ten. I love Athens.
It's technology stutter! :)
oh yes it would be horrible for the whole public to see. Good thing this isn't publicized right? ;)
“RT: Happy mother's day to all the mother's”
you sure about that Dave, cuz I'm starting to feel crazy...
that torture scene was crazy but love your work always they need to give you an #Emmy for #missing. What's your secret to acting
Alaska's killing me. Someone, take me away
No - not that I can tell anyway. Medium for motivation? :)
Time for our feet to do some occupying the inside of some pinko commie ass.
Big news...Hit the 315 registrant mark! 2009 = 302 attendees; 2010 = 351...On pace to increase again! All Net-proceeds go to a scholarship!
I had Crumb cupcakes for the first time the other day at Union Station.. It was peanut butter & reeses.. heaven.
Lol you like that,tatted on my backRT : Sorry I'm more of the minimal effort, maximum results approach kinda guy
Volunteering for the culture hunt today! All you food/party seekers get ready for a good time!
Thanks Jill!
I have no idea. I just randomly re-opened my volume last wk and thought, "Holy cow. There's so much here!"
PURGATORY AFTER HOURS !!!! 8325 VICAR DRIVE !!!! LET'S GO !!!!
so true!!!
my thoughts exactly, but the station is dragging their feet, so I cannot properly plan anything
#OnceUponATime and #VEEP - best things about Sunday... the worst thing? Tomorrow is #Monday. Ugh.
Duh. It's a step above Elementary Green.
Slots now available for promotions and marketing support!
Uh whatever, you're about to move into the Waffle Shack of Thai food, ie. in with me
Word! And the whole day to do more fun stuff. Today rules 😘
Bitches on my Dicc becuhz my name is Brent Kendricc.
At a Shell gas station, corner of Vance Jackson & Loop 410. :-)
yes!! objective: complete. ;]
Worked on both #HearMeWhisper and #ShadowsInTheMoonlight today, made some amazing progress on both. Hope to have some amazing news soon!!
Sad to see the people you considered family just change before your eyes& there's nothing you can do because it's just not worth it anymore.
pitcher's got a big butt, pitcher's got a big butt
The mustache of #Holland: Too sparse to cast a shadow.
I am aware. They took the text from us but took the list from the blog and chose not to properly source us.
Might get a feather in my hair ( :
awh thanks i just wrote it asjkdshfkj :')
Outta school :) hear the new song of Justin Bieber ?
meant GF did u get my txt
Every time I check the Trending Topics I'm convinced that 90% of the world is mentally handicapped.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN!! RT im still pissed colin daniels hasn't wished me a happy birthday.
thunder&lightning
Coming in 2nd in anything is unacceptable. You are still the loser
about to look at django tutorials alsi
These people on 16 and Pregnant are so messed up...
Why do I alway think I did so well on my exam, then I get it back....
I just figured out how I might convince my academic friends to come to Oklahoma State for a conference: We have Wi-Fi!
For the sake of NBA fans, this series between Philly and Chicago must die, so bad, so very very bad.
Happy Friday everyone! Enjoying a warm cup of #ExplosiveMangoMate #Energizer on this cold Chicago morning.
I just looked-u will be here in April! We def need to talk before u come! Take care and be safe!
I think everyone should try olive and plum kiwiberries
Keep converting 3rd downs
haha oh nah I was saying it to the tmoible people. They always lie!
#Celtics Ray Allen is a go
Have a great sunday! Is there anything going on today?
Yes but more because we're called on to help in the end and not during the planning process or beginning (re:A1)
Hoes these days.
TWEET ME IF YOU FOLLOW I'll FOLLOW YOU AND RT. LEST GO
RIP Vidal Sassoon. If we didn't look good, he didn't look good.
and yes, I am leaving that last tweet with 'the Ian Kinsler' in.
Call of the house. It's go time baby.
Rock Some SuperiorSwag
What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
Was provision attached to CISPA other day?
10 pages. That's all that stands between me and summer. All that I have to complete to graduate.
Starting a project with 120 students tomorrow. Please work this time. Thank you.
fam get at me! DMEcollective.com
you love your NERD friend
Showers late at night >
American Le Mans!!
Super busy week! Engagement photos, Christmas photos, boudoir shoots...oh my :) Sounds fun though :)))
neighborhood kids selling lemonade, little sister's baseball game.. it's a perfectly suburban summer day in my hometown
Twas the day before Opening Day and all through Baltimore, not a creature was stirring not even
ouu! things are really great with me..stayin busy! how are you? I n
Do you like the song #trouble ?
I wish you strength. And I actually mean that.
Good weather and a little BBQ make for a good
Jr. Seau, what a physical marvel. How sad that nobody really knows what's going on inside. Sad for his close friends and family.
RT ": #fact this series is going to game 7. Lakars playing like trash. No defense!"
I just love not being able to sleep!
So nervous/excited! Playing the Nashville Sounds' game tonight! 5:30-6, then the game and fireworks!!
ok going for a free personal training session this morning :-)
biz funding up to $1M easy process 95% approval
do every avenue songs. They are the shit
Wouldn't be possible without the heads up! Working to make it happen. RT : #BU in talks to host #smday in Boston June 30th!
New thought: you should use survey tomorrow for #cerealbar or #bakedbymelissa 10:10 snack
Thanks for the mention! We are thrilled!
i feel so unhappy
Does KY Yours and Mine work universally?
Cute 3 yr old daughter just dumped bath water all over me and the floor, when she crashes the car in 13 yrs she is disowned
RIP!!! RT: : Dean Spanos said no1 has worn #55 since Junior & no1 will ever replace him. He just retired 55! Nice! Classy!
I love when they come up to the camera like, "What the F is this?"
Jason just wants Sam to tell him the truth and communicate better with him without hiding crucial information.
but they were designer shoes! Why does everyone forget that?
Having a Roosevelt night. Public & Beachers
AWESOME! You live and learn!
I have and on repeat!!
I got a recipe for my destiny
Customs sent Niall de Burca back to Ireland! I am so disppointed but Bil Lepp has agreed to perform in his place, www.storytellingarts.org
congrats on 1500 UM students doing amazing work for the D!
:o I wore my DC shoes today. =P Have fun!!!
Is there anyway I can watch tonight's show via web/ online? NOPE Thanks
no clue. Hit me up closer to the end of ur show.
Nice opening, Billy Crystal. Love the surprise visits by the Biebs and Tom Cruise.
Great! i hope u enjoy!
Update the look of your home by removing that ugly old acoustic ceiling texture. Call us to find out how affordable it can be 619-562-5848
& if you think you have a sense of humor you don't.
RT": #ImHopingThat this summer will be the best one yet"
DM me your email addy and I'll send you a Pinterest invite.
Your personal experience using it? How does it compare/compete w iPad?
READ THE SIG... <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
Bummer....not many w/Grande. Sad! I'm great! In a really good place! Miss y'all! But glad 2 be able 2 keep up on twitter, FB!
Miami premiere May 16th 7pm live skype q&a with director Lauren Greenfield
Hey Bella i absolutely love your show and you can you please respond or give me a shoutout ?
I don't text and I'm no #gamer. Instead of the cutting edge of technology, I'm on the dull edge. At least I'll still have opposable thumbs.
Love nicknames. Call Garson "Banana Hands" cuz his fingers look like bananas.
Great workout with my boy
Everything I gave , boy you'd break it .
HMU WHEN U SEE THIS ASAP!!
I love my daughters laugh it's like music to my ears!
pushed a guy off a bar stool?..haha oops
Wear a watch to pace yourself during an exam.
“I've never been afraid to fail.”
we were totally inspired.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are. Bertolt Brecht | Little Botox never hurts.... :) | Have a...
ugh! what a rotten time for tech to act up! hope it works out before the story is over!
Even though my brother is miles and miles away from here he can still make my day better. I love ny brother:)
IF THE HEAD RIGHT ANDY THERE ERRY NIGHT !!
THANK YOU & right back atchu girl! We all we got till we make em #believers!
hope so too
I watched this video on tumblr today about drinking and driving. It's really serious and so sad, never drink and drive
By reversing the direction of the blades in your ceiling fan, warm air is pushed down, helping to keep rooms warm in winter.
Hell of a read there, Clint. Thanks for the great article of Monty's changes.
We're sending out our summer camp flyers on Dec. 28th! Who wants me to send them one?
Every time a TSA guy pats me down I always gently whisper 'Pay it Forward.'
It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world.
10 days left
hahahahahahaaaaaa!!!! I think we can let is slide, period. :)
I think you guys should apologize about having to play music. I would rather hear you all talk than listen to music. :))
WHY DOES EVERYONE LIKE THE LITTLE GIRL SMOKING THAT TWEETED. THAT'S SO BAD FOR LITLE KIDS N SHIT.
Less learning more earning......
Lol It sure is and yep singing it in my head. *huggles*
now following you love :)
i swear some guys just dont fucking listen
Newsflash in case you've been hiding under a rock since 1998: #carsondaly is a tool.
Beer City is...
i hav 2 accounts i follow on both :)
All am panels starting in 1 min. Come grab a seat!
Excepting of course the fact that Rosen is still right.
Jesus this game will kill me. 3 goals in 65 seconds...tied 2-2.
woof flo how r u
Always fun being the darkest person at a party.
these two are adorable!!!
#oscars Man or Muppet should have been performed!!
Heh. Possibly the impetus behind all of this.
Easter, ahh Easter. Celebrating the fifth inquisition of the Egyptian Cyber Clones against the Eastonite harvesters of Perseus 12. Tear..
Hah! Classic. But I'm sure your compassion makes you very good at it! The rest is just tactics. :-)
why are none of my boyfs at work... i look cutsie and its gone to waste
Welcome new follower Good to meet you!
I am disappointed by the Black Ops 2 trailer.
it's New Mexico.
Wondering what Happy Star Wars Day will hold for me...
RT : The GOP keeps passing MANdates against women. Maybe they're gay.
good kisser eh?
If you're struggling with something, really ask God to help. It is amazing to see how easily God makes things move.
Island Night!! Come in For $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas all night long..Dont forget the Yankees vs Detroit at 8pm
Who cares apparently no one!
Just be quiet.
mirror mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?
Wait... what!? What shows?
no the gmail verification code that i had sent to your phone
Who going to relays tomorrow?
what info are you looking for?
I KNOW! So crazy!! :) I'm excited!
Give comfort to someone today. Help those who are oppressed by others.
Questlove is spinning toto. I love my life.
Ready for Monday? Holy...the weekend went fast!
Wow! 4 days in a row :) No cards but might start some loyalty campaigns on 4square. Thanks for spending your week with us!
haha, looks like I just learned a new vocab word! #justhadtolookitup (: x hope you're feeling alright! x
I watch Jennifers body just to see Megan Fox. I'm not a lesbian I swear.
Congrats on Pole Winner for
Isn't Target based in Minneapolis? ;)
man! justin brown goes hard on that
yes I only use Crayola Crayons, be sure to try the new twistables!
tasty and good for you ! Not often you can achieve that but with a little imagination and hard work it's possible !
good luck
Norfolk state university behold the green and gold !!!
Jordan Wirfs-Brock at #nnip #portland: "We are all journalists."
Follow Friday
never heard of Art Satellite but I'm sure it's cool.
#samgasm anyone? i sure am having one haha
OH: "yes, that's code artist. That was back before #drupal, I used to be good" cc
I need a massage
found some new clothes shops online. great prices. i try not too spend too much for little.
Finished some Federally mandated training. Rewarded myself with Jimmy John's. I consider that a fair trade.
Need a personal by my side
#Tebow is crumpling under the pressure! Go #Steelers!
Hello. -waves- My name is The Rock and Roll Outlaw and I also like to party.
Had a student in my Creative Writing class reference a book that my college professor wrote. The circle is complete.
Love this new Frankie Rose track! Slumberland rules so does Memphis Industries!
i was sad i didn't get to see god bless america when it was sxsw! i love bobcat. (p.s. i'll be in LA next week! can't wait!)
Magical TV stuff underway...with masked fighters, smoke, mirrors, and lots of boom boom pow! For CNN Int'l later today...
I want to read that book Freud wrote about Da Vinci's painting, Saint Anne.
OH: This story has everything! Girl boys and girl girls, boy boys and boy pigs!"
Two kinds of people: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, "All right, then, have it your way." C.S. Lewis
“: are you gonna be at the show Friday?!” I sure am!!
Money can’t buy happiness, but it pays for internet, which is pretty much the same thing!
“ Album leaks get more press than the actual album release”
I touched on this once before. I think baseball is the softest sport ever. What other outdoor sport shuts down because of a little rain?
No Halloween would be complete without a touch of the macabre; you'll hear an interpretation of Billie Holiday's haunting Strange Fruit.
Don't worry.....just closed for summer break. open again Sept
And there was laughter, and muchtalk, at the event
dude I'll be in your yard for a bourbon milkshake!! LOL!
let's make it happen then.
Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.
Forever's a long time
Last time Pop won Coach of the Year, won the Championships. Just sayin'. This is their year.
When people get mad at the truth... Smh lol
We know somebody who's gonna try to ride the Leadville Trail 100 in August. So excited to camp, crew, watch and love us some Leadville.
If we brake support on the S&P and the recession is on, who will be spending here to pull us out? Europe? This time it will be different
nice steal!
LOL she lives in Media n her n her husband were at the bar we were at 😜
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. — Les Brown
agreed. the more I work w/ different CMSs I find that they all can pretty much do anything though
thanks for the RT with
F uck a diary I got
OMG I commented
RT : #Fact I have learned more about Astrology on Twitter then I have ever cared to learn in life! Thank You.
Got hit in softball tonight , my ribs hurt #LikeHell .
three days ahead of you RT : Bourbon, stat!
Yup- we are in Holmes. Come on down
So do you get to sit down? I wish I could get an office job, that would be awesome. That's good that you're gonna try though
No score after 2 periods. The #Bruins have been a great 3rd period team especially at home.
I hope so, too! We'll have more details about it later in the week...be sure you don't look directly at the eclipse, though! :-)
can we finally add Geri's to our date list besides Nathan's davincis and nagama haha
super funny
watching amazing race and working on a few treatments--deadline tomorrow--I work BEST under pressure FORREAL..
I swear that the woman talking on her cell phone next to me is in the cast of GIRLS, based on her conversation.
"The future aint what it used to be." Yogi Berra
Elis definetly here right now ..u can just feel the manning in the atmosphere
In new jersey chilled to circa survive the whole ride<3
i know! i should be the one getting the iphone lolol. shes not going to know how to use it at all lol
that's good to know. And I love you too!
Slipknot is amazing,<3
RT if you hate lame shirts!
just look at you plankin
Haslem and Chalmers are an abomination
Thanks! I just got it. China Glaze, "For Audrey" :)
Congrats to you too sir! Definitely pretty, open maps.
You're welcome.
#GOODMUSIC leads u to a good place
Kentucky is just too big for Baylor
many people were talking about it and did nothing.
Congrats and Good luck to Joe Philbin for taking the Dolphins job. Guy is a stud and I wish him well.
-howdy! welcome!
classic #teamedge day guys !
Follllllooowwwww Please ! I am in such a good mood :O omg lol so you should follow or my good mood would be ruined :'( lol
Well, that was awkward. Lol.
A total "B". Given an award 10 miles away and can't be bothered to attend.
thats funny. proven guilty by a court of law and the constitutional principles you just claimed to be defending 5 mins ago?
The Shave Barbershop 305-866-1940 Thank you For Choosing -US- We Are The Best Barbershop in Miami
fair taxing of the super wealthy is not socialism, or socialistic. How many Americans actually participate in capitalism?
RT : uploaded my last night! gonna be great. // I got it! Thanks so much!
I hate typical ass bitches
Drugs and alcohol suck.
:) arrived home at about 330am.
| Thanks for the follow.
you might be the only person I know that can rival me on lack of sleep. Don't know that it is a good thing though lol
WOW! Thanks for the sweet #FF love! :) You both rock my world with SM knowledge and make me smile.
imaging the best season of
also, are you heading to the land of AZ?
Looks like I cant swim anymore, theres a chance of drowning
Daniel R for sure!
Happy fucking birthday to 's fucking brother who is getting fucking plastered right now. FUCK YEAH
(refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man (refrigerator) Doors open man
How do you build a brand culture like ? 3. Commit to transparency
Hey bro will you follow me please? It would make my day (;
Buying clothes at Nordstrom so I don't have to do laundry
Absolutely! Means a lot...
while you're at "Saturday school" im at home sleeping in lol
Yes, 2 person operation (connected via skype).
Bustemante draws biggest groans. So far
The End is always a Begining.
I think bcuz if u follow someone or thy follow u their followers could see ur tweets
I still love you blackhawks.
#work mode today...
I'm not on the Liason train this time around because I want new blood for Liz!! She hasn't had any for years!
Okay, third manuscript. Go be the charm.
nite guys(: mom kicking me off ):
Not surprised at all that Alyssa Shouse is single..
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! Thanks for helping us EXCEED our goal of 100 followers. Now at 115! See, that's how the Law Of Attraction works folks!
I have to have the highest sales of all competing teams!! So spread the word!
When you're searching for a cab in la jolla at 245 am...
Nail in the coffin by Callahan
Hmmph not grass. Yes*
I agree with you on the wars as well, PP is part of problem, so are grants for schools, so is any gov program that costs $
What an ending for Brewers. Finally.
OMG WE REACHED 200 FOLLOWERS (: ~Dana
Men's outdoor #Fistball is featured at The World Games (). It's played on a field of 20 by 50 meters with a net 2 meters high.
Audrey is back from vacation!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Megatron has to have a big game if the lions stand any chance of winning
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Snow White opens in just a few moments! Break a leg cast and crew!
Fire drill during my last Con Law class. Actually kinda bummed about that! :(
Tomorrow is last day of recording then Friday down to Lville to mix and master. That would be album start to finish in less than 3 mos.
You know what is bittersweet about running a hat business? I no longer have the time to make hats for myself. ::goes hat-shopping on Etsy::
ah! it actually didnt hurt that bad either!
Oh bed, i've been waiting for us to hug since 7 in the morning
Great, I'll call your cell after 9pm EDT tonight
The roofers chased my kitty away.
IN LUNCH
“: we love you we love you we love you and where you go we'll follow we'll follow #SKC #minicauldron” I love it
“: Ok ladies, No Shave November is for the BOYS, not for the girls!!
and ? okay think im definitely going...when can i get tix!
Twitter acct was jacked. Don't know how with a scrambled password. I am sorry for any inconvenience. If u check Twitter, u should change PW
that would be "out of this world"...get it? get it?
At the hospital from heart complication problems, Make me feel better?
service should be restored now. Incident report forthcoming.
Patriots gonna rock da jets!!
love the new picture !
I may be wrong, but you ain't right
Dads are not necessarily stupid but sometimes they say and do stupid thingswe all do on occasion I love the puppy very cute
sorry we broke up...
Damn she talks to much ! & she's annoying ! Ugh I'm irritated & I had a good mood too
always on pine
sounds like he is ready to put #BBN on his shoulders sounds good to me
Straight up fuckin Deutsche bag. Next time a musician sticks there nose up at somebody, they should bust it, to show them their not better
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing you and Jasen there.
Can you sign up for TwitInterviews anytime? Or has the deadline passed?
Cool, I hope it will be very informative. :)
oh you gonna get it?
Original Grey’s Anatomy cast have signed a 2 year contract meaning anyone not in season 1 is in danger of dying on the season finale.
HOLY SHIIZ did you bring enough luggage, so cute, xoxoxox
Lend me you're headphones so I know its real.
alotta bad women in the building.....AMEN
Very enlightening. Not surprising though.
Exactly why I didn't want him. #Distraction RT Vince Young eventually will be the starting quarterback of the Buffalo Bills
Yesterday i realized that im finally doing what I want (:
Social media problems. MT : Looks like a pretty thin day on the presidential history front. No one did much on May 3
#bullying comes in all shapes and sizes, just like the people being affected by it. We have to come together and stop it!
surprise twist in tonights #xfactor #CherylCole to punch Sinitta and hurl racist abuse at her, thats not the Surprise though.....
when they come back from the alien craft they are on a timeline and can't explain how they got there except that some entity forced them.
I CANT WAIT FOR PROM.
Annoyed at how many websites still don't design to play well with Chrome.
big ass abd she dont care
gotta hear that Where Have You Been by Rihanna
Latest read: Michael Connelly's "The Drop." Worth the time just to learn the phrase "high jingo." Connelly's one of the best.
I hope you see this cuz... I LOVE YOU!!!
I love you Eddy D! You'll forever be my favorite!! :-)
“: we forgot to make our video bro!!!!!hahahaah” video? Video?? VIDEO???? How can you forget lol
I'm going to try out for show choir! With and can't wait!!!!!
It was good. But kinda fun :) how was your day babe?
Who steals ashes out of an urn? o_0 really?!?
If i see one more thing about One Direction i might puke.
The team that can't possibly win can only attempt to be a spoiler.
Jp what's up what you got going on tomorrow we need to catch up soon. Hope a is well
brought to the beginning/to keep up with your finishing
i need some new songs on my ipod #help :)
Just DM'ed you. Not spam
Is to feel death’s embrace. -
So the red from the beads on my necklace rubbed of on my white vest 😁
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to seeing you on This Week on ABC this morning. Miss your fearless perspective.
So much fun Vidette! Thanks again
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. We had a lot of fun and I'm sure we can all agree that tore that place down.
when u ask my opinion ima tell u the truth
Awesome. thanks for the update
I can never win
Nice day ;) bored guess I'll count some sheep
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 12
Thoughts of podcasting running through my head today. Maybe it's time to really learn how to use Audacity instead of faking it.
#FF has been fun, got lots of fun followers today :) Thanks everyone!
#TypeALadyGagaSongWithoutLooking im on the wright track bajy i was born this awy
has been sick all weekend.... =(
Prescreen. Because you never really wanted to see John Carter.
#Buckeyes approach will be more national than it's ever been, so we just need to trust that they know what they're doing.
“: Eminem Forever aka Cinderella man”
Christopher Cross with Mother Falcon doing "Sailing"! Wool!
Hey 'll warm up for you tonight!! Going to be Vanity insanity tonight!
would go to hungry games at 12:04, but my tire has been leaking all day & w my luck would be flat at 2am & i'd be murdered waiting for A
George Santayana~ Music is essentially useless as life is.
If lifes a bitch beta get off ya back!!!
Trying to get some choreography done. YouTube, you're wasting my precious time with commercials I can't skip. Boo!
nigga before that!!
yay for #Adele I have a feeling she will be the big winner tonight!
hey, Paul. I confess I'm not a downhill skier. :) I did ask around tho. Conditions are good. Weekend will b warm. Hope that helps
How do any of you people get through #breakingin? Easily the worst 7 minutes of my week.
Going shopping
Not far from here ... in some other ecozone .... the crocuses are still in bloom
What up #twitterfam im off work today #nshit in my #oldplayavoice,#fuckroundandsmoke1 dis morning ya dig
That's wonderful. God Bless you!!
Make sure to check out Theatre's production of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters! It opens tonight!!!
Wow someone reads it! :)Thx! RT : I stumbled across your blog post from Feb where you wrote about Little Shirle
"Motivation wears off, transformation happens due to inspiration!"
basically, i only buy a magazine with either one direction or justin bieber in it just to get the posters. (: ahh
Lucy Tacos yum!
Our Executive Director got pulled over in San Francisco because she was singing so overthetop passionately along with 3 Tenors
Well, it's long overdue. #Gay90s here we come! Me, you and
Well it's the first of the month. And eastland mall is CRAZY!!!
I'm socialble , but I dont give EVERYONE the time of day ! ...
Praise be to the LORD God, the God of Israel, who alone does marvelous deeds. Psalm 72:18
Somebody should txt me supa bored
where are you off to?
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
lol <--- Haha!!!! He's drowning, still can't get over it ^_^
It's a good one isn't it?
Some days are just those kind of days. Today isn't one of those days.
Why do u go there so long?? & When are u leaving for there?
Amazing catch Ellis!!
hehe YAY!! It takes all of my will power to space out my posts..I have a lot of eye candy scheduled to post soon :)
screw it stuff happens
I been working... I got a new job... A full time one:(
You and me microwave till death do us part.
just did my speech. boy, am i glad i got that shit over with. YO! HOLLAH AT MEH ! :)
Nice post.
Ah baby. You know I love you. Don't hate me.
Just finished cleaning Moist, the pool at Paradizzle. Need to keep the water crystal clear for a big weekend.
Just read your "advice" THANK YOU! Molly, you always inspire me! I am pursuing writing actively lately.
Nice! Where are you headed?
very interesting.
Waking up to opera - Concord Monitor
Mimosa this morning? Let's get this week started right. Happy Monday everybody :)
New profiles have been added to our website! Have a look at the 'about us' page! Visit: www.elitesporteducation.co.uk.
Suck my dick online. Suck my dick on the internet.
have fun at the game. I Didn't know you could tweet from that building
Officially, Pinterest is my go to source for blog post images vs. Flickr, Google image search. Means using keywords in descriptions impt.
Tomorrows finally the last day of west test...
Just found out its National Chocolate Chip Day--what a wonderful thing to celebrate! & so many ways--cookies, cupcakes, energy bars . . .
If you had the chance to name a never-before-seen rare stone, what would it be?
Welcome #EDT6030 #EDT6060 students to the summer semester! Courses begin today...I'll see you in
i bubbled in some ovals and wrote 3 answers for him that were just a series of numbers he answered out loud
ur welcome enjoy ur day and many more to come
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
Please pass along
I was hoping it was a picture of my favorite "girl smoking" shirt. Dang.
ATL traffic is a joke....
fireworks make sense. cats do NOT like noise.
if you ever wanna come to my house get use to Paris, my dogs, , & the smell of LoveSpell.
What a crezy night I'm drunk as guck lol
Will it be a beer night or wine?
Thanks Brian, I'm going to let the newsroom know about that!
#Top10FavouriteOasisSongs Champagne Supernova
my lyrics are bottomless....[silence]
The ring of fire... there's your wife, your girlfriend and then theres your babies momma. Never should all three meet.
Gettin down on some #MW3 Ya Buddy!
I think the #Celtics have gone to the Ryan Hollins wishing well a few to many times. KG about to check back in.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Good afternoon #packernation!
I knaaa. I LOVE that song!!!
I can only imagine Romney! It fell to 8.1% yesterday.
When rubs my stomach for me at practice > You da best, shaaawty. Love you!
Mane Craig tried to get metta to say sumn foul.. that wasn't right
i dare you to not finish the box.
yes,she was not a fan of the beaten biscuit! " we do not recommend it; but there is no accounting for taste." I love them!
Way. Don't expect that to happen again! Also: new management team appears to be top notch.
Honestly, I don't think this was the crews best week :\
Continuing a good night with some drinks on a patio.. M🍻
Breaking News - Comedy Central: October 2011 Programming ...
RT : I don't have to ask y'all Vols fans who you're cheering for in this game, do I?
I just checked in at Hog Island (785 Starr Street, Phoenixville) on Best cheesesteak around... no kidding
Haha it's funny how yu were trynna be a player with no game, fuck you ! You didn't matter to me anyways ;D
It's Torta Misu Tuesday in Little Italy! Head in for a slice of this Special treat!
OH SHIT!!! NY NIGGA BLEW THE FUCKIN SYSTEM! BRAVO MY NIGGA.... BRAVO!
Glad you could make it, Eric. Always fun!
Disney soundtrack at the mall #winning + buying fancy new clothes with yay
I have the greatest most supportive husband. I am truly blessed. Love you babe.
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want.
magazine features girls who do group sports. If interested,email Peri at or call (303) 400-8888 ASAP.
Don't you dare deactivate! will tell you otherwise, but I think this is a totally acceptable place for that.
How big are the PDFs? Each file must be under 20MB. If under and still won't save, please email
We have them almost every week! Call us for details... 512.722.6351
To touch people.
wikipedia already update.
#supercommittee gets an 'F' for irresponsible inaction. www.childrensleadershipcouncil.org
Headig out to work ! Have a nice day ppl :) ☀
James Cameron has a lot on common w/ George Lucas! They both release multiple versions of the SAME movies just to make more money!
Goldie - are the panthers practicing tomorrow?
yes hes awesome . Also Rob Stark us turning into quite a badass this season
ah justin bieber is so cute
Excited about all of life's possibilities even though I am at a crossroad right now. All I know, is that in the end, I will be a SURVIVOR!
RT : Glad Sen is taking up our plan to lift caps on FamilyCare on Tue. We now have a way to make it sustainable.
At the YNPNdc Anniversary celebration, and learned that YNPNdc serves 8500 members in DC each year. Umm...awesome!
Celts in 7. Although I think the young Sixers use this as a learning experience for next year.
Wow. RT Sources: #Marlins have made substantial offers to both Reyes and Pujols
Mama has arrived early Hyde Park. Come and get it on 57th & Ellis in front of The Reg
I'm not going to be able to go tomorrow. I don't have the money this weekend.
HE SAID YOU SAW HIS WILLIE ?? and it was okay i was like m im craving pizza no mcdonals NO CHINESE! so i had chinese xx
oh gross!!!
The 10th anniversary edition of CRUX has just been sent to the publisher. So now...we wait.
It's official... I'm a better quarterback than
The place where my therapist is at is SO AWESOME. So... cool-looking.
Thank you for the RT!
I hate to brag but a perfect meal is my homemade chicken parm and a salad. Ah.
NaturevsNurture: #Nature refers to individual's innate qualities nativism/innatism & #Nurture refers to personal exp( empiricism/behaviorism
Well, I was not expecting Saint Paul of Thebes to show up here. Color me confused.
I'm starting to think that one direction's accents are fake. o.e
There was a BBS called The Web. They ended up having to change their name. Very confusing!
Grateful 4 the love & mothering I've received frm my mom, my grandmothers, my aunts, my soon 2 B mom-in-law & my godmothers.
Apparently I'm too old to be single & childless. Yep, I'll be at BASHH!
RT: Vote for your favorite Long Sleeve Tee design and be entered to win FREE GEAR! www.Facebook.com/UmeusClothFamily
SHOW TONIGHT!!! At the Empty Glass in Charleston at 10PM.. GO!
Mattress shopping>>
I attempted to paint my own nails earlier. emphasis on attempted.
new forms of scholarship- that freedom to experiment is a great argument for tenure, IMO.A former colleague of mine at Mac[2/3]
Barack Obama wants gay people to tie the knot. Mitt Romney wants to tie gay people up. Close enough.
Don't get jealous I love you too. ;D lol
hey girl hey(: so your beautiful, and you should follow mehhh! also whos the guy in your keek? #heshot (;
I don't believe all that BS about ur traveling being limited when u have kids..might have to make adjustments but rugrats are no excuse
Loving this Giants game! NICKS
very nice! Tell me about your experience with it when you first grill.
"We ought to consider not only God, but also men for his sake." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
at least twiber is :D
I'm not at Jack White. I'm not at M83. I'm not I'm not The Brothers Osborne show. I'M IN ORLANDO, sluts.
but is colder. Out side.
What do you guys think of our new track??? Help spread the work everyone!! <3
Compromising Works
< Not happening at the Art Exchange this year.
i'm getting a not found.. i was making a joke about how it loaded so fast... source code showed it's torbit hosting the dns/cdn
LOL..see what I just tweeted. Mutha effers..I just drove all the way there!
I think all waitresses in dinners should be able to break out in song like in the Blues Brothers
Gonna watch this Le Tigre concert DVD I just bought. I almost never buy concert DVD's but I love Le Tigre so I am excited!
Only 2 things on my mind tomorrow: God and beating those dirty gators
Pretty good, glad the leg is feeling better for ya. #YOTTO RT How we livin' today #Packfam?
Thanks! And there going to get better!!
Anyone but Miami
we can do this for you.
Where the fuck is my sister with my Taco Bell?!
Ah jonas brothers have a new song :D oh yea there back
What did the Bucks just do!
Eminem, Pac, Biggie, Kanye, Jay
its gonna be a REALLY boring weekend now. haha
Yummy lunch and great conversation today with
Perry says "there is no viable path forward for me." Endorses Gingrich says he "is not perfect but who is."
noo! Then I'd be "cocky"
I love that freaky shit
ima chop your scrotum off bitch. lmao but alright.
Will most people understand if I compare the plot in Battleship to the points in Whose Line Is It Anyway?
BAHAHAHHAHAH that just made me laugh
ha! I have almost done it twice... To motorcycles, too! They should know to park towards the back of the spot... #beintheknow :)
This page will be shutting down. Follow for more information on the Derrick Mason and Le'Ron McClain camps.
Come up to bora bora, 24th and Walker! We playing rock muzack!!!
I KNOW I might need that. :)
Yeah, but I still think that stuff depends by client. No one person knows which industries do best on what day/time, IMO.
Weh ? Sige see you first day !
i seed negative people out of my life
question why do ppl need to see a picture of someone to ship them w someone else. like do you have to look a certain way to be w someone..
Brahms can mean beautiful things for kids facing some tough times. Let them play it, not just listen to it.
Remember "Pop Metal?" What the hell was that!
Sellers need to annunciate why someone should buy your business
i need someone who isnt afraid to be themselves around me
Five teaching days left this semester. Than the beginning of a very busy summer.
that album was alright
It's a Powerplay goal!
I'm thinking of starting some arduino projects, want to collab?
It's a bittersweet solution getting one more season each and they can properly end the shows. Still sad.
that's dorm life haha. You didn't get stuck with AC-less Wright did you? lol
Angry!¡! But still smiling Finna make a few other ppl mad.. Don't lie to me like its cool then have excuses like I posed to care bout them!!
Vonage VOIP has been working very well for Pay Per Visit Email.
LOL RT I didn't get the title of Twitter Queen by keeping my twitter mouth shut. :D
For all of you hackers who left to get some sleep, come back soon! The prizes are waiting for you! There are still 25 or so folks here now
Candy Buy Back in October...Getting excited!
hope you had a great night bears are toast again No snow only hockey and cookies to look forward to. Kids asleep
join together to support a fellow bruin in the opening of opening in LA and NY on August 19th!
Who has better educational benefits? Army National Guard or Navy?
aww man I wanna do color me rad 5k race :D ...so many pretty colors *_*
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive, take her to the gas station, almost 5.00/gallon
am i that boring that nobody talks to me hahaha guess so eh whocares just wanted to see if anybody would talk to me
That's crazy!
Beyond/Bruins
Great base running, !
like... The opposite of cold
next years the year for asu to win the rose bowl
Oh goodness. Beware, those folks make us Chicagoans look tame. Let's not have this be an omen, eh?
We can chill and I can act like I dont wanna fuck. You can tell me all your problems like I really give one.
New business cards coming their way this week. Can't wait to hold them in my hand.
done and done! thank you, definitely hope to, I'll be tweeting from #philly #art and #jazz events.
Its Already a damnn mouthh full .
OMG when I saw that tweet I died ! HAHA he's hilarious how old is he? ha
I WAS IN ROOM AND MY MOM THOUGHT I WAS DYING
we're going to get a full season, buddy.
yOoUR FACE HAS JOKES!!!
makes no damn sense bruh. The highway is actually moving faster
A woman is asking if high-level employees receive bonuses for lower maintenance post-wildfires. The company rep says she doesn't know.
lol they must be playin vanilla!
I like it when the #Bears improve their team through trades and free agency. It makes it more satisfying when the #Packers beat them.
Uh oh! Better get bkfast & coffee then “: tx for RT If you liked that wait til U see post at top of the hr”
One day acting workshop is on Sunday November 8th in Los Angeles. Visit www.actorsintensive.com for more information. Sign up now!
We asked the rep to pull aside a size 6 for you! What's your name?
I.... dont believe it. RT My first ever flight out of #LGB tomorrow. If you can believe it.
that is horrible! The douche who did that is a testament to the ill in this league!
. Why do employers have such rights and powers but not workers?
Anxiety triggers be damned to Hades and be torn apart to shreds by Cerberus!
Not tomorrow
stuck. just learned of a billing problem (no email?) and unable to update card on your site. suggestions?
Does a band that has made 19 albums (with none of them reaching #1,) deserve to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Burn in hell sucksville!!!
My bed is so fucking nice
Bb announces partnership with mcgrawhill for course content
LOVE THIS PICK--actually who I wanted for our team..
we can get into something or chill at janas
HAPPPPYYY NEW YEARS BITCHES
ps made you more influential on terrorism on cc
It is too early to hear an obnoxious voice. #STFU!!
Yeah, I'm pretty upset because I think it would have had a good chance.
So torn... do I go to the and concert at tonight, or Name that Tune #NTT trivia at ?!
S/O to the most important ppl in the building today GRINDERS INC.
Good luck to great in his pro tryout today. Make us proud!
Off day. Didn't even get gratification from whip cream. This is a problem.
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
also, no 24-hour Bloomingdale's
Lots of opportunities: Network Manager, Technical Services and Support Manager, contract C#, VB/Access, Oracle, MS Sys Admin, SQL DBA etc!
Pew Research Center's "State of the News Media" report forecasts news gathering trends and the need for more digital mobile content.
Please follow me(: 9
k cool I thought so! Logo looks good.
Mom says she's gonna decorate for christmas this week #doubtit she'll make me do it all
Just listened to the first episode of and I lovelovelove! So excited for my upcoming morning and evening commutes!
#RealNiggas got nappy hair!
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY! :D MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU, MY FRIENDS! :D
Made it to Philadelphia. Not the best flight I've ever had, but I guess it worked.
Watching Ghostbusters to cheer up.
*Totally*! I was so happy to see a new SCREAM last spring on the big screen. I felt like 4 redeemed the franchise.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.”
only god can judge you? fuck that I disagree. you must be terrified of thinkin realistically...
Attending the #sxfit session at #sxsw. Interesting to see how fitness has gone high-tech.
Had my #bitchesbrew today. It was great! Thanks
of course we are
mind is already up in the clouds. my connecting flight to Nicaragua is in El Salvador :)
Dammit just when you think it's safe to walk the halls of your apt blding in pajamas to take out the trash, some bastard comes home at 11am!
damn... it makes me shudder to hear an #Occupy-er use a Frederick Douglass quote... please don't do that.
Degree completion - Portland Center; we've been the same building and we didn't even know it! Heard your name around the halls.
Alex Can You Please Follow Me :D
damn your livin the good life! ;p
Come on Thursday.... Almost the weekend!!
This is where I suggest finding a faculty member to act as an unofficial adviser. I had that in grad school.
"Eggcitement" would be our middle name, if we had one!
im good and u !?
So, my opinion on #DirtyWork. Yes, It's different, but I still like it. Listening to it ALL night. You're just a daydream away. <3
The Chocolate Library reminds you that Valentines Day is just around the corner. Everybody wants a box of chocolates & a long stem rose.
#HappyMothersDay to my mum and everyones else mums !! MAKE SURE YOU TELL YOUR MUM YOU LOVE HER 1 MILLION TIMES TODAY!! I know I have! #Love!
that antiquated paradigm s what is stifling cultures that refuse to come into the 21st century.
Can social, informal learning help you learn?
God thanksgiving was awesome,now just got off work after 10 hour shift
#edshow "STAND YOUR GROUND" . . . Best idea hatched by the Bush/GOP think tank since Dubya invaded Afghanistan by way of Iraq.
Or 3 more turnovers
This Metrobus is filled with people gabbing about the Black Keys show.
Indeed! We'll have salted caramels for days!
Boys will be boys.
A good friend will be there for you when he breaks up with you, a BEST friend will call him up whispering "7 days…"
When did you guys become a band?
Really cool 8 year tamdu, under the collections subset. Cocoa and hazelnut on the nose.
RT: : Tweeting live from our luncheon ! Let's learn from all these mkting horror stories!
Warning, there's a concert about to happen in the panther lair
Really looking forward to being done with this bus to Bay View nonsense. It's effing absurd.
This day went good. #offtoagoodstart with this new weight loss plan :)
The more people pursing education the better off the community why is monetary value trumping cultivation of humanity; detriment to future
on the flop triple 8's love the restaurant hated the flop though.
i mean, even if i did eat the whole thing, it was only 2.50
Is there some kind of microgiving memo going around today? So far today I've been asked for a) $10 and b) 40 cents.
Need to order this Kreid or Die tshirt
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Dreams come a few sizes too big so we can grow into them. Be patient!"
hey twitterville! If you like to paryty all night long mention me and i will give u 10 more followers!!!!! 20 montues to go
no, definitely not. it's amusing
ThMorUKno: The word RAPTURE is NOT IN the book of the REVELATION of John or anywhere else in the Bible.
You guys should see if would be up for an interview.
Who likes to party!!! I like to party!!!!
trying out some new backrounds here.....
oh really? Interesting how different everything is in different places in the world, lol. My lovely S I'm leaving now+
am a huge fan.
bad day?
#SunsWin I still don't understand how people say they hate the NBA. Best athletes in the world. Great game. Clips will be tough in playoffs.
BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk. Large industrial complex turned into an inferno.
Week 8 of 15. I will survive this semester if it kills me!
what's up man good times Lastnight @ supper club
Sat had snow, quiet, rest. Mon to have new outline Scags at 30
It's snowing in Indianapolis... And I dont have a coat.
Some ppl will tell you lies to make you feel better about yourself. I will tell you the truth so you can better yourself.
haha well then. Get some energy drinks!
going to be using some of your aged gouda on a salad tonight - I <3 beechers!!!
. The promise of PSL's is the only thing that keeps me sane at the thought of summer ending.
She's an award winning bodybuilder - who happens to be a Great Grandma! Meet her in 45 minutes on KOIN TV at 4pm
I don't know about that - I think he's awesome! He doesn't have to prove himself by playing the #Heat. He's a great athlete.
will do. Thanks Jamie.
Lol tell me about it.
Came across what I thought was a full concert video of Jason Mraz on YouTube but it ended up being 40 minutes of him talking about avocados.
It is someone at Marie Robinson. I've seen her there before, and she has gone to the same woman for years.
Bringing home the axe!
Producing my 1st commercial this week. Apparently the low budget means the producer does everything. Ready to pay my dues behind the camera.
Music CDs now in Open Book. Scanners and DV decks relocated. Can't find what you're looking for? Just ask! Change is coming to the CMC!
Congrats to graduating today!!!!👍
The things we do at 4 in the morning lol
RT “: and myself have agreed to no haircuts until after all star break...call it #grindmode”
Let's face it, 1ce u get past d 2nd rnd MOST fans aren't going 2 b familiar w/ players. So they r going to whine when they dnt kno the name.
RT for ah'
RT The 2011th twitter of this message will get a $300 Amazon gift card Win it now!!
My Knight & Shining Turned Out To Be A Loser In Tin Foil..<3
Detroit tigers tshirt, blue jeans, surrounded by a mountain of folded laundry.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Freedom to say what ever the hells on your mind.
2 am here and 4 exams tomorrow . Can i Have a good luck or good night ? <3
Rango... didn't see it but I want to! NOW DON'T GO OVER THE LIGHT... jerks
Mane it's too early for this but I'm not gone complain..it's Friday!!!
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy: Be honest, it's the lies that hurt the most.
Paging to the white courtesy phone please!!!!
counting faces video
13 Going on 30... I think this will do for a study break.
Yikes! Let's not give 'em a cheap one, boys!
Ok, I might be able to do that. I'll drop a line.
: just wrote a killer song. Mixed between "Renagade" and Theory's "Hurricane" for
interesting experience (failure?) with yesterday and my new phone...shot at a college art show...*sigh* Next time will be better.
So i kinda care who won..unlike a lot of u who only care about Justins hip thrust :P oh well
Watching Doctor Who and designing #FutureGun t-shirts. -JO
It's Rachel Zoe time!
And you shall be rewarded with sweet jive notes with a delicate kwela aftertaste
Excited to get the competition going with at the DC Regional #FIRST robotics competition!
oh noes! Say no, Eleanor, say no!
If the Heat do trade Wade, it needs to be for a big package of role players. Chandler/Fields/Novak, Lin/Chandler
Thanks, I know I'm anointed and talented. Thanks for the confirmation. See ya next week!
I don't like louisiana drivers!
Been thinking about the 9930 for the past couple days.. I can't wait until it comes out!
sup D Wade! I ProduceR&BmusicPerformed lastnight.beats r on myfacebook.hopeulikeit facebook.com/calistadroitprospect
I do not feel safe at the Marriott. Screamed my head off today. Maybe they will "hear" about this tweet and ask me why. BIG MAYBE.
“: Dallas Love”
Researching a house on Hillyer Place where the owner in 1909 turned on the gas lighting jet and put herself to sleep...in her tiara.
There it is Angels score, that's all they will need. They just scored 3 more. Damn I miss playing Baseball.
Denzel was a whole boss in this movie
Parents are part of our dreams without them it wouldent be possible for your dreams to come true.....but it could be if we try!!:)
Question for the panel: How are #4profits dealing with #mobile technology? Can learning become more mobile-friendly?
You really think so? RT : Youu guys are awesome.
Tomorrow I'm going to walk my coworkers through the changes to our website. Should I use static slides, or a live tour? Any tricks or tips?
What it do boo! Goodmorning homie have a good day! Let's get it!
A in calculus, now for rewrites and lectures.. MONEY IS THE MOTIVE
Am I a fool! I didn't know "macrosoft" existed
Can You Make My Life And Can I Get A "Hello Gorgeous?" Or I Love You Brianna.?<3
Come listen to Peter D'Amore tonight at Distil! Playing at 9pm!
catching up on some TiVo...when did Hugh come back to Feel so out of the loop!
Thanks for following me Mary!
some have suggested that risotto turns out just as well from a pressure cooker, or (O perish!) the microwave...
Graduation of 2011 tomorrow morning at the stadium at 9am. Come into Saxbys for your morning cup of joe!
Proud to announce that Reverend Marvin McMickle of Antioch Baptist Church has endorsed me for CCProsecutor.Thanks Reverend.
Looks like #ShackShack is a victim of it's own success :-(
TONIGHT Landrun Records Event.feat. Kylie Morgan, Lower 40 & nicnos - they'll be on stage all night, and don't forget;there's NEVER a cover!
Props to Doug E Fresh for coming to the Thanksgiving Day Parade in Detroit :-)
those are sensible goals!
=) glitter glitter glitter
it sucks. Ugh and today we have PE -_-
SheaMoí Naturelle is busy in our creative studio "upcycling." Stay plugged in...it's going to be chic, stylish, hot, bananas, swag...
I once endured an agency remodel, had the noise and the dust to contend with
It occured to me that due to my IT ineptness & slide-skipping...Rodney Dangerfield got no respect
RT : If ur coming to the Palace to see the Pistons play tonight stop by Sec 108 to see me in the booth
the magz i told u Ebony, Jet, etc y u want my autograph lol
Hanging out with , trying to figure out where to go from avnet party.
Need New Text Buddies (= DM Me For Number......
How about you don't shag balls in BP.
I LOVE - Thx 4 the most awesome delivery service men and women!!!
is going to look very silly trying to wear his MVP trophies on his fingers.
If Gaga calls her fans "Little Monsters" and Perry calls hers "Katycats", The Rubbish Zoo will call ours...
Woah! What a line for Harry Potter 7! I bet there are some great stories out there! Let's hear them www.inlinewaiting.com
Rise n shine ppl. Its "Thirsty Thursday", get ya ass up n do somethin. Get that diploma, get that money, jus get the hell up!!
VW you win so far. Hands down awesome.
is that a fantasy, or a description? If any place has that, tweet it out. :-)
Clear Channel cuts underway in regional markets. Let us know if you or a colleague gets downsized so we can help get the word out. Courage.
Walker, there is no path, the path is made by walking. Stop following, Start discovering!
want a fringe bathing suit so bad!
I would never shut down <3
Thank you, Lacey Buchanan, for sharing your story. He is beautiful inside & out. Bless you and Chrisitan, and have a beautiful Mother's Day
Hip Hop changes every year
What genre are you looking for? I'm sure we can give you some suggestions.
There is something singularly demoralizing as a technical writer when your work is overwritten, deleted, or lost.
Yes, I've done horrible things, but what matters is that I'm not walking that path anymore..
omg Best Coast is coming. I NEED TO GO
MediaPost: Study: People Outsmarting Higher Food Prices
I don't have an attitude. I just have a personality you can't handle ;)
I think i wanna change my bg to jacob latimore.... yep imma do it... :)
Why u stop messaging me?
Everglades City/Chokoloskee is such a time warp! The Rod & Gun Club will blow your mind.
RT : Always keep your eye on your goal....unless you're the goalie....in which case that could greatly hinder your productivity.
FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK!
Thanks! will do
“: talk was too dirty for twitterr.. ;)” just a little 😏
Thank you for the RT!
what if I told you I'll buy you a milkshake when we are done? :)
Wonderful Saturday w/ riding bikes in the Bosque and gal pal things. ;-)
I can attest to this. RT : They call me the most mildly interesting man in the world.
yhu liv n france or r yhu goin to france
WHAT IS A BUMBLEFUCK?!
So Dems try and help people and they are "trying to kill granny." Then the republicans try and completely eliminate medicare. Think the dems
Don't think so :( Pretty broke these days. Will you be there? Dallas is not all that far... have family there.
Not one roundtable I've attended at #mla12 has involved a round table.
Glad you like it, you have a wonderful page yourself.
well in the area. Novi
The pain I am going through, is making me feel like I am dying.
yeah errbody misses you bro. You're coming next weekend though right?
I hate immature women, GROW THE FUCK UP.
we'll still be open w/ some brunch offerings but simply can't sustain full breakfast menu. So sorry
I don't know what that was, but it wasn't music, smh.
stop snooping it gets nowhere stalker :)
i'm always right.
haha it sure is.
Through all the drama, and ups and downs I am still a Mahomie. Once a Mahomie, always a Mahomie.♥
Having a productive day organizing the DV Fathers & Families Conference - Join us! www.DVFFC.org
me and my friend are in Language Arts can we get a shoutout?(:
ha! There's actually some cute things here. I'm like: did I lose my sense of good taste? What's wrong with me?! Help!
And the award goes to (drumroll), Dr. Wiggy's for the Best Hair Extensions..PERIOD!! Email or call 855-DRWIGGY TODAY!!!
My whole right arm and shoulder are so so sore. I was beating up the beat so hard!
Hello Jim, this Troy Davis
oh for sure. We can have joint weddings. :)
Hardest chemistry test ever.
Im pretty sure world peace is elbowing mike brown in that locker room.
maybe will sing a new song in the #BornThisWayBall!! let's hope!!
Back after a glorious vacation-- thank you #royalcaribbean. Spending some time catching up on work & emails during a cold day in
These Occupy people rock! Very eloquent statements about homelessness and very real Madisonians. Thank you Occupiers!
Watching Beauty and the Beast whilst building my new website.
OMG, he has a foot fetish too?
last time i checked, yelling "girl, where you get dat tan?!" at a stranger in the grocery store wasn't proper etiquette. but-what do i know?
I love you, okay!
ugh lol you work for enterprise lmao I know who u are now
Too many kids waste too many hours, in the gym, working on the things they are already good at.
Quite a year. Enjoyed watching u guys & gettin2know yall very much. Look forward to even more of all.
