Spent all day listening to an elementary teacher tell me how to teach vocabulary. I am a foreign language teacher. I rest my case.
Enjoying a few seconds of R&R before rejoining the fray of hundreds of noobs in Manhattan
I suppose it's better than Morg.
hi i love you k bai!(:
( Black with Vibrant Pink Trim )Dual Pocket Zipper Laptop Carrying Case Sleeve Cover (Checkpoint Friendly) for the Apple MacBook Air or Appl
Thank you for the mention.
Thanks for the follow! I'm in BOS & toying the idea of a #highered PhD one day, too :)
how are you not reporting the Oklahoma City airport bomb story?
Playing with Yahoo! Pipes for the first time. It's so cool and easy to use!
THANK YOU for an amazing show tonight! Brilliant, funny, wise, loving and dirty at the same time!
Tuning in AND recording it - looking forward to this venture for you, Wynton. Best of luck!
what just happened?
Enrollment appointments will be available in Orion during the first week of november. email me if you need to chat re schedule.
hah! I thought you meant music *from* the Bahamas... i'm so square.
Ick. MT : Maybe I'm being 2 critical, but I feel like titling an Alzheimer's awareness gala "Unforgettable" is a tad tacky.
Boo. Who u talking about?
or halls cough drops
me to
was your smoothie good? LOL
VERY HEALTHILY
Thanks for the follow: People who
hey there(: follow back? RT
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be. Each of us has the power to give life meaning.
just dm the email address thanks judy xo
OMG best birthday cake ever! I'm eating birthday cake pancakes right now.
Passion motivates the journey. That can only be shown in communication, & not faked.
Even though it doesn't look that warm I feel like going to the beach.
Inhale love, exhale hate.
I'm really good at smelling good.
the #wiunion - #jan25 parallels are creepy sometimes
Turns out, I'm no repairman. Two new parts and $120 later, it's cheaper to just buy a new washing machine. Sigh.
Kieffer is no good for you. For what he did to you screw him
How come Maysonet never gets to start?
I can't sleep cause I'm still excited. Haha
P&R em to death.
One down, about three thousand more to go! The harder they come, the harder they fall, one and all!!!
i dont see anythin in my messages?
What are your plans for
RT : Me & autocorrect have a love/hate relationship .
Finally a sunny spring day in chicago!
that one for me too? :/
Some guy just took it...
Tipped punt or just shanked off the side of his foot? Eiother way, Ducks get great field position at the 39 going in.
“: I won't give GOP or RNC one dime. The corruption runs deep.”.
If you're happy with your life right now, pat yourself on the back. If you're not, what are you waiting for? Action Begets Action !!
thanks, danny. :-)
I was always afraid to work at a bank. I was afraid I'd short change someone and I would lose my job.
Anyone else think bailey from next generation is cute?
As I'm watching this Honda commercial with the black superhero that looks like she was in the cast of "Set it off"...
Did you watch Primeval at all? I really like that one. Drama and dinosaurs.
oops forgot
will you marry me?
Devils just won is OT!
no! I have2 soo much to tell you! Well actualy not alot, lets just say dimples noticed me in my skirt today(;
Thank you!
he's pretty cool
Kidding me Josh Hamilton? 4 2-run HR's in one game
Only team im cool w beating Heat is Pacers.
Partying w/ it's her Birthday.....it's a celebration Bitches!!
I can't fucking stand the people in my life.
Looking forward to sharing more about the Dispatch Media Group's Farm to Plate Restaurant Week coming in August! Message Natalie for details
Improptu Chicks In Charge lunch today @ Torrey Pines. Contact me for details!
Denny's just went #Baconalia and created a Maple Bacon Sundae.. what are your thoughts???
Hope you know that you ain't got shit coming here
exactly. ps, I need real pizza when there. Also probably salami & other Italian specialties.
When I Make It We All Make It!
I.smoked weed before it was cool... Now I do meth
Writing a lot of <div>'s today and actually remembering to close them </div>.
too funny!
correction, next time I want a FREE cab ride I call you RT The cop let him off on the ticket so he paid it forward...
I have a chicken McNugget that looks exactly like Jeb Bush. Got it up on EBay right now.
Word on the street is that my sugar cookies are a hit with the two year-olds. Srsly, mob scene. :)
Timmy needs to be Kryptonite...tonight!
Let me go grab some lunch
She'd probably only get the animal right if presented with the animal on a bag of Cheetos.
after tomorrow, i'm off for three days!
my bed feels so comfortable after a long day.
Thanks for the #FF shout out Chad.
yea I'm sorry well I might keep it but I don't know yet
RT "Eskimo brothers always forgive" Yeah I'm pretty sure they don't. Ever.
S/O to my new follower
yea I get them delivered to me also but there's nothing like goin to movies to see on the big screen. Nice website
If u build a new sch and DON'T take adv of opp to accelerate improvement thru #PBL, #elearning & #edtech u r wasting opportunity!
Having an awesome time in New York with the iNickelodeonShow cast! I really love this city!
Audience Partners: top website visited by Republicans. #Targus interactive insight summit
Have the next two weekends planned out. Just waiting for the days to come.
RT : What's up with your #FitFriday?
RT : Will have live updates from the Barlow-Clackamas football game. About 14 minutes until kickoff.
2 days of waking up before 6am is two too many.
RT Aw. Cervelli's gonna catch Pettitte on Sunday. And I'll be stuck at work...<Is game avail anywhere to watch?...
A little relaxation then to the office to catch up on paperwork for RGM Records
My Vibrams are amazing. You will not be sorry.
my cats breath smells like dog food :/
thank you for the rt!
I hear ya - can't blame the athlete for taking the money these dumb owners are throwing out there...
men who beat women deserve the death penalty. strong opinion? i know!
Oh yeah, make a Laker prediction for tonight so I can favorite it too...lol
follow me please ??
You can't force yourself to stop liking someone, but you can tell yourself that you deserve better & try to move on.
Hey bloggers: If you'd like to take part in a blog tour for THE WATER WARS by Cameron Stracher email us at
Obama does this. RT : #worstfasiontrends suits cut so fitted, they look like youre borrowing your little brothers
I think Chris Davis is my new hero.
S/O to all my new
“: I didnt think I'd catch feelings..😔😔😔”RT you ok ?
Sure thing. ;) Just say when.
Laying out getting my tan on :)
Kenyon Martin is a thug. Dirty play all game.
Oh yeah, I vaguely remember hearing about that movie being the source of the name.
Ain't NO jive-I'm awake and alive and makin' the big drive up the I-Five! Blessings to all for a great day!!
If followed me, I'd be the happiest girl in the world! #NoJoke Ah I just love him <33333 :*
just it back from the y
To my spiritual children....... U know who u r.......(really u do) Luv ya!
Sweet photo, Tom.
If Chipotle wants to stay a premium provider they'll need to quit arm wrestling me for more rice.
Oh so u are not ? Ok 😠 RT : lol u sure about tht
Hi Christina! Just wanted to say THANKS for ur sweet msg! Thx 4 watching! :)
Jacuzzi was bomb!!
when you coming back to Chicago?!
Ha! Yeah, a 6 month old, 2 and a half and 6 year old singing "Dirty crusty asses ride with us!" my brother will love that.
Girls who are changing the world:
Thank you. And they're so relevant.
I miss when Austin would post a cover every week.
Half OFF! It's Monday. Half OFF if any bottled wine you choose!
Agreed! They were great!
Not the asshole part, no.
You either are a fan or a hater of someone because you want their swag.
hahaha I need to talk to you more when I'm having a rough day!
3:30 is an hour after the dentist. Which is tooth hurty.. Hah, happy birthday
LMFAOOOOOOOO OMFG. I LOVE IT HOW REBA JUST TXTED ME CUSSING ME OUT CAUSE TRISTAN GAVE ME A HUG AND NOT HER. LMFAOOOOOOO. OMG. OMG. -DIES-
super excited to see what you bring for the youth sizes...my daughter has already requested 2 pair
Ron droppin elbows and knees LMAO
Tweet me your favorite pun. Not an oxymoron.
true story
Kerry Rose is on - she looks stunning
Total panic attack in Bellevue with their holiday shenanigans.
Spending the day with Tashh exploring Hollywood and grabbing dinner at the grove.
All hail the Chicago Citation Style and for including a template for podcast sources!
And I did awesome karate chop dancing while driving.
You love me despite all of my imperfections.
Ha! But seriously, that's a grand question. If they came from the earth, they wouldn't need umbilical cords would they?
One word:
Singing, dancing, and my instruments are my life!! What are your hobbies?
Goes to king of Prussia mall... first stop- food court.
This has been a very depressing sports week.
NASA MESSENGER Image of Mercury: Crater Debussy
Dmg is a HUGE loss center. Rental cos often back down from small clms because cost of fighting>reward.
good luck!
Agree!! We are lucky to be able to do this fun stuff
What I hate most about Twitter finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
In the end, your gotta do what’s best for yourself.
I'm finally on this! Your welcome! :D
sad but true
What's the best looking wine label you've ever seen on a bottle?
dam woke up sick wtf!
Yo working on this joint rite now for dj dj, all i gotta say is MURDA blackcaesar
Thank you for the support :) Keep following us for recent updates & invite your friends to follow us too :)
Haha so true! :'D
Yuor freaking awesome, i love you! will you follow me please? :D <3
awww that makes you even cuter!
i got this new app where you milk a cow hahaha!
When the broken hearted people living in the world agree.. There will be an answer. Let it be!
S/o to the oh so delightful
Don't forget to go to Orangeleaf for NEHS!
Now let's go back to talking about jobs and the economy, please! From now on, no more distractions, please!
Music, music, music ..
And the winner is chef Flicker #ChefChallenge congratulations!
The troll deserved it. I told them earlier that we were still voting en masse for JoKlo no matter the BS they spread.
“: ": Please make your long stories shorter..." this tweet reminds me of you lol” - haha "ur exhausting"
Ashley Young #love :)
Imma make you my bitch
I just prayed for each and every one of you to have what you need and receive what you want.
All I have to say to him is thank you for showing me how every person is NOT what they seem like c:
does toast toast toast?
Need to go home and pack for #WSWRC12. Safe travels, everyone!
For the love of God! REBOUNDS!!
No problem! Thanks for your involvement with the event. :)
Now Playing 'Hope' by Anything Box.Their third album.I'm in a mood.
If Tim Tebow had the numbers that Sanchez's had which improved every year U would be calling him the greatest QB ever
Americans worry about Human Rights in other lands while they Torture and Slaughter Native immigrant children likes rats on theBorder!
looks like you had "good" seats
: I know I'm not fully California yet when Rick Ross does a song for Tupac and I could care less.
no school. now to the mall :)
More to the point, there's no parallel: creepy stalking is creepy, making a $5 test donation is clearly legit.
So where's a place you'd like to see LevelUp that currently does not have it?
Love it!
Dear Lady Gaga, if you were "Born This Way" why the fuck are you pretending to be a dude? Sincerely, Confused.
I vote tiff cuz she said she no how to work that damn thing
u welcome nothing takin mom dukes out to eat
I'm not speeding. I'm just qualifying.
Ah... much better... lawnboy has left the scene. Now, I get to work. Yeah!
You're welcome! So glad it got to you. Where will you be for New Years?
... you should also try to come see me, Jacob, & Katie in "Songs for a New World".
call was returned, and I'm thankful. no surprise packages in your future. thanks!
please feel free to send them my way (I'll give credit, of course). I'm amberdemure at gmail.
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference."
waiting to get up outta terre haute
In Hollywood we're rockin'
Watching a movie in history
Spent the morning recording songs about afternoon tea and guns for Props to Rob Collier for the arrangements!
In-store tasting w Belle Meade Bourbon & the Nelson brothers,Friday,4:30-6:30.Mark your calendars & don't miss it!
I'm so proud of you for getting 3 million followers! I love you Niall(:
Our new restaurant currently has 21 locations & three international restaurants. They're opening their first Houston location in CITYCENTRE!
U thought u was in love wit money til the first time we did the
Have a happy Thanksgiving from us at Remodel America!
I followed you. Asked others to as well. Because you are cool. :)
I would switch to in a heartbeat if I could bring over my Sierra Wireless Overdrive hotspot. Sad I can't.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
It is 3*F (-16*C) outside with over 15* wind-chill below that. The Snow shoveling Party is in the morning!
If ya can't take the heat get ya ass out the kitchen
Gene Wilder was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1976 for his work in Silver Streak. He lost to Kris Kristofferson (A Star is Born).
Yes, they taste bad but the glow also is to communicate with potential mates.
#Follow he will follow back right away
COMPLETELY RELEVANT
hey tiff lol 😚
My mans a sleep drank too much...lol
A lot of repubs backed Ryans new bill, which in part addresses medicare. It's garbage. repubs now trying to back out.
Good Morning! Another beautiful day! Week has been fantastic so far...can't wait to see what the rest of the week brings! How's yours going?
So... you think we can make that x x collaboration happen anytime soon?
i got my stitches out today!
I suppose but i'm not condoning dropping outta High School tho lol
Big thanks to last night for a fun show - look forward to seeing Anarchy and its great fans represent at the Fanfest next wknd!
If the grass is greener in the other fellow's yard - let him worry about cutting it.
Back in High Point, NC! Love it here but it's so cold!
Tradish lunch at Free State Brewery with Next up, should we see Harry Potter or The Fighter?
you and Justin together Almost too much to handle lol
RT : Awesome! RT : Thank you to the member who tracked me down and returned my phone. Best surprise I've had in...
Now tell me this ?
Any ideas for dinner tonight? It's going to be hard to beat last night's stuffed green peppers.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Its not a good idea for anybody to goto the Raiders.. God bless them and their weird ways!
Tasks for today: copy edits and more copy edits. *sigh*
I hate that awkward distance when you don't know if you should hold the door or not.
I moved my desk to the back; have a table when you walk in at which we can sit side by side
oh we beer twins meow #wtf ale
It kills me that the Mayyors are no more. That 4 song 12'' they put out is damn near as good as it gets.
I have crossed a major life threshold. My next move will require professional movers, rather than a friend and a Buick.
City Feast Dinning out to Conquer Diabetes tonight
I still have my old one, and it's more suited for dj'ing anyway. Don't think I won't bring it in. ;)
I slept the whole day away. ):
Ok #padres, are you going to try to convince me that all these strikeouts at home are because of #petcopark?
-- jobs before climate.
Hahaha :P Very Funny Scary Guy :P :) <3
I honestly don't care how short I am, but good try to make fun of me, I aplaud you 👏👏👏👏
seriously. There was an unopened bottle of Terrapin Depth Charge literally ON the bar. When i inquired: "not for sale".
Eastern Michigan University was the worst school that I had ever attended this decade.
one of the best cash songs! Welk, they're all good!
My bodys more sore than after my sisters accident last yr.Good thing the gym hits me harder than pickup trucks...
avant hit me up
Why am i in michigan?
What is going on with this weather? Do we even have seasons anymore?!
I don't think I'm Doing a piggy this year. I'm doing a goat for sure and chickens.
The internet has really taken all the sportsmanship out of stalking...
have you seen the Thai Pad? It's at levenger. Just ordered it. Google it. Very cool.
Dodgers lead the Cubs 3-0 in the top of the 3rd.
Making farting noises in German>>
Omg you still have it?
Dancing like crazy to Wicked.... If you coulsn't guess, I'm tired!
what not Spock!
Best day of the year. Cheers! RT Happy Repeal Day, everyone!
If someone seeks advice, give them direction, not correction. Do not force your opinions on others. Steer them to make their owns decisions.
I haven't taken chemistry in a while. What is it?
I came here for the cilantro crawfish gumbo
whenever. I leave in 2 weeks. There's some spots in downtown riverside ud probably like
#marc 511 about 5min delay. That only happens when I arrive 5 min early!
hey you! How are you?
How about no fees for snowboards? Any special there to CO?
Funny, my bourbon collection is always dwindling.
just watched all episodes of #TheFashionFund and i saw my favorite #malemodel in a presensation for the
Tho I never knew before, I know it now.That we can breach the distance of heaven &earth, and share love. For I have done so.
RT : "You just shouldn't depend on next times and second chances. You never know if they come."
Scavenger Hunt!
Happy Halloween! Have you ran or raced in costume to celebrate? Send us your pictures!
#itmakesmesmilewhen All beliebers will finally get along
thanks for the follow!
on my way home from NYC
So excited for Wango Tango!!! With
In the Meantime time just travels
so you started in on thr Laphroiag in preschool.
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Haven't done CIF, but the SkyTower at SeaWorld is pretty cool and a little cheaper.
Welcome Annual Conference Committee chair to twitter for
Playing our zumba songs in El Torito
As a girlfriend of mine recently said; "It doesn't matter if the word isn't bad in Europe, what matters is it is in US!"
just passed the welcome to illinois sign!!
did I ever!
lol a car lady or a cat lady?
All the time! Regardless of cause, they're drunk bumps - “: Finding a bruise or cut on your body and not knowing how you got it”
ooh.., brekkie? RT : Bigmista's back and cooking up REAL. GOOD. MEAT at the Atwater Village #FarmersMarket today.
What fist fight? After the show got out I grabbed the free vitaminwater and left.
vmware is pretty slow on it 'cause i didn't want to devote the disk space etc, so it may actually be faster to use work machines
You're so welcome!! We should catch up more tmr!
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, I’m most thankful for __________
Kohl's Black Friday sneak peek now on store website - 4 am to 1 pm for early bird specials including 50% off entire stock of toys.
I'm absolutely loving the Patrick Melrose novels put out by Makes you laugh--and want to read--out loud.
Wow really !!! Its late here dark
Another giant thank you to for the purple fringe TA scarf as a wedding gift. Gisele would most definitely approve :)
Ugh I know, so much to do, and I have 1 year of it left. :/ Congratulations on the interviews, though! :)
im serious! I'm like damn I miss looking at her ass
Finally finished up a knitted blanket for the baby girl that joined our family last week. Started it the day after our wedding.
Putting this desk in my room is making me feel like the most professional bum.
who's your favorite NBA team and player?
try vocabsushi.com! We pull sentences from news articles and show you sentence completions. - use 'ilovevocab' for $10off
Text "Xtamina" to 69302 to join our VIP List for free Parties & Concerts tickets, plus get a free sample of Xtamina Energy Drink by joining!
Haha! You know tailgating is regional thing. Cuisine varies by culture.
I love learning new info about my craft....this market really is a business; ur in control. Learn the info & Take off!!!
rebel without a cause
Back in SF! Long long long day...
Hi ! Thanks for being curious. Yes I am a entreprenuer. I'm a model.
Yay, Sophie! Thrilled for you. ACA is a place of great happiness & transformation for me/my work. & Gregory Orr is your mentor!
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous ! She's so hot ! Go team USA
I just got in the office....I'm drinking my coffee and having my morning yogurt....you?
Hi Cyndy - hope you're having a terrific Wednesday!
Adam Levine was in Chi and we wanted him to join us on the trolley for my trunk club bach party... Ha! And yes Nash dress!! Xo
Shut up you sand colored fuck boy.
I Can't Tell You
Quirky PS: bubble-gum scented bubble bath! (I have a very strange palate for scents!)
Gone be a long nite of tears!
What a difference a year makes!
Ugh, i might have to reformat my computer again -___-
Well now, as consolation, Sony is offering free ID theft protection to safeguard you against threats like... Sony.
I'm proud of my bros.
Headed to and South Lake Union. Who wants pie cookies?
I hope this beautiful cake is as yummy as it is pretty! Happy 50th Rosie!!!! Best Wishes!
Omni = Seattle developer that successfully jumped from NeXT to OS X. Used to have an office next to Zoka in UVillage.
ha! We use to yell that in school!
youre welcome :D want to know what i got sam for her birthday?
Teasing early releases of programs in Arab Spring panel.
prom & competition is 2mrw :D
There's still a chance! Go Penguins!
Bo: "Jordan Taylor will be sorely missed."
Book I of Anders Breivik's manifesto is surprisingly interesting.
Ugh with all this mediocre bullshit. At the same time, these cats are puttin shit out there so I cant say shit. I'm a perfectionist but damn
Got a dollar and a dream
Red Wings game and Whitey Morgan at the Magic Bag. The makings of a great night!
not as much as track - but I still miss it.
Getting ready for the / office visit this afternoon. Hoping to catch a glimpse of Tina Brown
REALLY?! RT : Clint Dempsey scores for the USA! #USMNT 1, ITA 0. He's only the fourth U.S. player to score against Italy.
Not Fond Of Establishing Relationships With People Only To End Up Cutting Them Off In The Future
Thanks! RT Like your blog!!!!
I HAVE A COUGH NOW
Hi Liam pls follow me :)
. I found out about them on too! They are one of my new favs! And they rocked it last night.
"Finish each day & be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it. tomorrow is a new day. " Ralph Waldo Emerson
I miss coffee.
busy day. Gearing up to kick ass and take names ;-)
I'm so happy the local news is telling me that it's hot outside...I didn't notice the heat when I was outside.
So if we trade Garza AND Zambrano, who gets to pitch? Bryan LaHair?
Don't know how much more I can take......
Where are you moving? Have you seen The Edge Condos? Right on the river and convenient to downtown activities. Let us know!
ravens kept it at one score. Opening drive win for them, I think.
Who has their tickets for #HungerGames?
Shout to @ deebaby86
Alexander McQueen and Whitney Houston both died on Feb 11th :/
College students from all over MI checking out #Detroit. At City Bird, Nest Housewares, Canfield Lofts
Josh Hamilton to become free agent means are in the mix!
awesome show tonight. Couldn't find any of you afterwards
sure you did.
Young Bravo
Your health is SO important! Get in amazing shape and have me personally coach you to reach your goals! Details on my blog:...
we're all good now.
If Barbie is so fucking popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The Capitol Steps will be performing @ The Kuss Auditorium in Springfield Ohio October 14th. Showtime is 8:00pm. Don't miss it!
Life is short. Live tall.
hi new friends :)
Oh, and someone tell Maggie we'll be a day late, have fun with friends at the hotel, and check her email for details! Namaste.
I would love to go, but this Sunday is our Italian festival at the Ronald Reagan Building.
RT The true mark of leadership is creating a cause that transcends individual differences, loyalties and backgrounds - & hard 2 do
My head is fucking killing me
Hello wrist, I hear you. Stop complaining. At least you don't live in North Carolina.
Playin drums tomorrow with and in Houston!
Well, my #RedSox didn't fare too well yesterday. Will the #Rangers bring it today?
Testing my VST Instrument in Cubase Today...
you're almost 35!! Damn your OLD, but I still  you.
happy birthday!! hope you had a wonderful time on your birthday! I love your character on H2R!!
- the "lovestache" looks great!
Being extremely picky and knowing exactly what you want means you'll go to great lengths to find things.
Got Sully to eat some yogurt and dog food. Yes, he is named after Capt Sully, who landed in the Hudson, because he is a survivor.
time to party
I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval
I WANT TO WIN A metroPup goodie basket COURTESY of AND
awww it's never too late to start back up again!
SMH at some of the fuckery I see this early at RDU!!!!
Flying out to Tennessee today. Coming to Tri-Cities - if you want to hang out this week give me a shout.
All day/Everyday
RT : Today is our last for Live From the Red Carpet giveaway!We're giving it away in just a few minutesStay tuned
Was it just sour grapes or was it true when a relative told me that the best social networkers have no lives and pretend to be someone else?
Congrats! I am so proud of you!
His lips are dripping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee. ❤
I speak of the colic
World peace right back in the middle of drama again! So much for
Fresh baked bread. Still warm. Yum! Hope this is a sign for how delicious my day will be.
My pet "peeve" is "random" use of "quotation marks." "Someone" I know writes this way and it "drives" "me" "CRAZY!!!:
yeah! nobody knows it haha
great magazine covers
cheers! Thanks for the love!
Although it took entirely too long, I finally downloaded "(What's The Story) Morning Glory" to my MP3 player.
That refill song gets easily stucj in my head. I like it though
Thanks for following !
back on top of the leader board $5188!!!
Should be a service for having people remind me to do stuff during business hours. I keep forgetting to call places til after they close!
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
what's the possibilities of getting our girl Jennifer Newberry on the playlist for JBB 2011 :) you know I gotta ask again lol
I will report back once I listen. I am sick as a dog today. Watching movies on the couch.
watching women fight over men on #jerryspringer. my male ego loves it! my manhood mourns 4 our community esp those women & their children!
hmm, should i stop? (:
You must be IN IT to WIN IT
Tonight $6 Liters, $5 Jager, $4.50 Bacardi drinks!!! Come in and get the holiday started off right at The Anchor Bar
Congratulations Trey Burton on a -14 yd QB sneak on 4th and inches.
very true
busy running the fest. Didn't get a chance to sample until the last hour.
With my best frand brianna :) happy late birthday girl!!!!!!!
Wait How TF Do You Flop An Elbow Straight To The Face? O.o
dear internet, if there's something you don't want people to know about you, stop tweeting/blogging it! that would be
When Courtney cries it makes me feel funny inside ... just like when I cash a winning lottery ticket.
LeBron is MVP of the box score, but zero rings make him a glorified Karl Malone.
im not free so
i hope it wasnt me telling u my story that caused u to have to bite ur toungue. if it is...im so sorry.i didnt mean to hurt u
Tired of the same shit. I need something new im my life
good how r u!
There are more than 2000 youth that are homeless in the District of Columbia.
What's your favorite salon across the country? We're looking for great places to feature in our blog!
is having a great year and so is the team!!! Can you follow our card shop
Spirit of Amendmt 2 “ This is a disgrace to the entire state of Colorado #coleg”
Planning something AMAZING for his birthday !
can i get a RT from your your biggest fan. i supported you since you beat justin credible.
#WWE fan are going to elimination chamber? Do u know how much the tickets are?
Pinterest co-founder is currently speaking at #SxSW! I love and I love ! Great combo!
Sometimes I say hash tag in real life... RT : Sometimes I catch myself typing hash tags in my text messages...
Grabbing a quick brunch between AIPAD lectures. Lucked out & scored a window seat in a very busy coffee shop. Perfect 4 people watching. :)
#knicks on FIRE.
We learned how to dodge and burn in my photography class today. "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball!"
haha thanks my dude! not much just planning out some shows, how about you?
check out western esoteric traditions- good intro book to western esotericism!
Thank you Jen Kelchner. We gotta share with the world why they should have a relationship with us. The website is a tool!
International community has a record of failing at "Never Again" | Dr. Lori Handrahan
Leave it to jealous whiners to do the same to me RT Leave it to people like & to piss me off
He was one of my earliest followers and has always been so sweet!!
"Solo I be, but I'm on my feet. I got these angels with me."
Python just got really fun - we're orienting objects! Esp. after working with the front end of video instantiations w/
RT "There must be more to life than having everything." -Maurice Sendak
When you hit every red light home <
Fear Factor<3
I wanna get rid of all the unnecessary shit in my closet and start over....👍👍
Thanks for the heads up, Mia. Really dug that piece w/ and via
Hey I'm back it's been a while my friends where on the news they got robbed and it was right after I left from there
Hahaha. I wondered where you went. Lets hang out, fellow hermit. :)
It's a twitter cooking lesson staring &
you looked gorgeous at prom Laura! :D
Who's coming with me tomorrow for 6am yoga?
Started off the day with two spoonfuls of raw cookie dough. YUM!
Heading out soon to the Mirage to register for Digital World Expo! Kickoff party at 6:30, see you there!
Trying to get back all my followers & ppl I follow :(
Fashion Friday - HOT or NOT: Retro cut bathing suits.
I Love It
Damn, they're waiting at the door. They are gonna beat me inside.
apologized if I said anything I don't mean..
Soon as it warms up!
Socialcam is no different from when someone's email get's hacked and they send out links for advertising.
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
Get the fuck out my car !!!!
Ikr, I am too. I'm ready to just go home.
“A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.”
when you coming to the A?
Wow, this twitter should increase the capacity of Following, it is too little, not giving back for me to follow anyone else ...Unfortunately
Lionel Richie in the audience...YES!
did yanks fall apart after arod cheated..no they won the world searies at end of that year
Well isn't this the truth RT : Mom forgot to buy Fruit Roll Ups from the store!
Today was the day that fucking was.
Golazo is a top notch company. If you don't know them you should.
I do!
Comeback season!!
Glad you're enjoying them. Just posted another. I'm so smitten with this pretty little bird mama.
#WLN - I have had to show attys the 'Advanced: "your search terms" ' trick for the main WLN search box countless times since rollout.
Anyone know if there's a way to remove 'thumbs up' without doing 'thumbs down' instead?
i didnt get tickets for the concert either:( & yeah, me too.. im gonna get there hours earlier... & i have school that day!
I read the first time but I plan to read the rest soon
wow! Honored for the follow. I think you are the first mayor to follow us. We ❤ Southfield!
Have to make them pay for
Lots of alcohol and a sour attitude. ;)
You are the best! Thank you for the beautiful images!!! thinks you rock!
Fun Facts about teeth: George Washington's dentures were made from walrus, hippopotamus, and cows' teeth, as well as elephant tusks.
RT : Vision Airlines will start nonstop service to Myrtle Beach from Rickenbacker 6/1, on Mondays and Fridays. More info:...
I love u! Lmao! Plz marry me. Out kids will be smart and light skinned.
No no. Retweeting the things you just mentioned is what is annoying. The endless songs especially, goodness
offers readers a pumpkin soup recipe with cinnamon croutons in this month's issue - on newsstands now!
Happy Birthday :)
I'm looking for some cool people to join my Clique, and also to just hang out with.
Tonight, we are young, so lets set the world on fire... we're brighter than the sun
Seeking an app developer.
what's up?
"Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge." - Leonardo da Vinci
#jayholladay suffocate if I couldn't say it to your face the song says it all
Dear : Pls hold for complaint re: rude treatment. I estimate your wait time to be...
It's easy to become a part of TheCrazyJumpingFox. Just go by and like the Facebook page and explore to find out what it can do for you!
Junior #Seau dead...possible suicide. Prayers go out to his family. There was intense speculation about suicide with his last car accident.
here... I'll make it explode even more! Lol jk :b
Always! I'm doing well how are you missy?
Looking forward to our website launch July 1st! Register at www.rx2you.com for more details..
My back hurts.
U r absolutely INSANE!!! Had me in tears in #THNIKLIKEAMAN! Great Job...Thumbs Up! Too Damn funny! LMBAO!
What does -null equal?
those look fabulous! And healthier than traditional french fries ;)
My advice to strippers: Dont stop, get it, get it. Get that payment for your Civic.
Anyone had the #Monster that has protein in it? What it taste like?
new album "Television of Saints" out on April3rd, tour in ay.
My day was pretty bad but the heat won so ended aight hopefully better days to come god bless
that just made me fall off the couch laughing
Can't wait for South Philly #PhillyRising kickoff tonight.
lol No. A move that brought both my hands close together. I smacked the knuckle with the remote.
The reply from Mitt Romney was an
That is Ian Somerhalder and he's my Christian Grey
alright, sick of writing definitions/critiques/confessions. time to make sounds & songs....
thanks Lauren!
How ghetto are we talking?
Rex is no Buddy
RT : Are you coming to for dinner tonight to see ?! #SobeWff Grand Tasting...
Good morning! How will you empower your community this week?
Why is it I get the worst reception at the two places I'm at most often?
way to go. Congrats! :-)
State Championship this year.
Happy #FF fabulous one!
Had a really good client meeting today to review wires for an upcoming site redesign. Got a great response from everyone. Onward and upward.
Who were all those people in my dream?
I wish would #FaceTime with me So I could see his adorable face.
Thats okay. Thanks for the support!!
I dont cry often but if my mom says i cant go and see then i am gonna cry:(
i have broken up my homework into sections and timelined my week. i can do this. Ugh.
A new study finds too much of the sweet stuff is bad for your brain. ... wowww but i love me some candy
aww! You miss me when i'm at school!?
Or throwing confetti! (at least that's what the 2nd pic looks like to me)
You too! any big plans?
Get at me on instagram smoke__THAT
I most likely would do that <3
#YouShouldNeverTrust anyone who starts a conversation with, "Can I be honest with you for a moment?"
Thanks, me too. Kind of dizzy working through this all now, and really looking for a chance to slow down and reflect.
- Im Going To Be At Your School Around 5 If You Wanna Chill (: Im About To Text You Back Baee .
#Nuggets!!! I love to see you tearin it up on St. Patty's against the #Celtics!!
So I had this pretty weird dream last night, about Austin and a Mahomie and a bunch of mahomies fought to see him,then he kissed a Mahomie.
Let's go Caps!
500? that's admirable! Yes, ebooks are definitely improving the situation-but harder to keep up w/the files across platforms.
quiet you mean?
“: Knocked interview out of the park. 3rd round next week. Offer, hopefully, the week after.” ---- Get it!
I'm sure we'll get somethin goin again soon! Off to sleep gentlemen! Up in 5 hours!
Clippers teeing off on the pitcher who says "Ni".
I hate when I have to sacrifice punctuation for a tweet.
- i Hate Birds Now .
Ace will open in jan located on upshur and kansas RT : Guess what the up and coming area of Petworth could use...
2012 fun fact: This is the 20th anniversary of the release of Reservoir Dogs & the 10th of Snow Dogs. Old Dogs came out 3 years too early.
Here's a brief video update regarding our goodwill mission in Guatemala to work with
watching George Lopez - Amanda
---- "I SWEAR YOU WONT FORGET ME, YOU'LL BE HAPPY THAT YOU LET ME....SHUT IT DOWN DOWN DOWN !"
Clearly. “: Rondo tripped on someone's foot there...”
Hoping I get a job,
haha ill take one in every flavor actually:) haha
Wow, calm the fuck down.
: lol I read it when it came out. It's more the awe of her having a voice (as she doesn't spill the beans 2the media like some)
You insecure cause you doing something wrong Step Yo game up
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You've suffered liver failure attributed to parades. Winning can take a serious toll on the body.
HER: What do u do for fun? ME: www.facebook.com/shotkingphotography
Seen perform in Long Beach a couple of years back, it was a great show.
Sucking down another pot of hot, sugary tea, trying to wake up. Hope I can finally be human again before I'm due at work today! Damn!
didn't say exactly what??????
Ughh I love and hate my life right now
Black 5's
I love the internet. So helpful. I've really needed a lot for my banking course lately as well. Do u watch American Idol?
Some people go to church on Sunday morning - I watch CBS Sunday Morning.
having 'and so the lion fell in love with the lamb' as my next tattoo!
Hoyas lead 36-27 at the half. Porter finishes strong--he's got 10 points and 5 boards. GU played without Sims for the last 11 minutes
Damn...Really! Lmao
You don't have that already?
Ash by for my #fridayreads. Yours?
Exactly my thought. But she's never really been my favorite tbh. I'm not sure how it helped the ratings, lol.
come jam it @ nine72 bring this tweet and u good
I've seen love die way too many times when it deserved to be alive #paramore #neverfailstoremindme 😭
we did, ended up too heavy for the wings though. Drops like a rock :)
I need followers I follow bak
love you baby girl :D <33
The Doods are getting a rework on the blog...
Beliefs become reality!
damn red sox..
thanks for letting me know!
Dude is having a Late Life crisis…Going Crazy!!!
its been so long since ive had one lol
or a Fiat
#randomfacts I Love .
Tina is such a good person..!!!
Got in line for the Beverly & Fairfax gas at 4:50... Updates to come
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place. See our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
dawg my mentions still come though ill eventually see it, but shit man out here travelin hbu ?
Good bird with the Cassin's Kingbird! Nice!
As underwriting in health insurance goes away, carrier consolidation will accelerate dramatically.
Graduate in 20 days!!!
No problem at all.
Exactly! and now their beloved Staal and Beloved Malkin could be gone
that's the hook right there! happy to give you some
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious. ~Oscar Wilde
hmm.. Maybe go out for a meal somewhere, or just hang out at home :)
real cool, guys. Real cool. I lost the game.
Slowly falling in complete love with jQuery. Seriously? Context and attribute selection is like a Officer and a Gentleman kind of moment..
I hate the fact that we have to wait to see if we stay together or not😔
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and now Small Business Saturday and Black Saturday from some of the big box stores...where does it end?!
You were hot and had a lot of money but you were kind of an asshole
RT : Oh drifter come closer
People who write the same thing on twitter and Facebook everytime<<<
yeah :) Im sure you will meet him sometime. he will be going to alot of places in 2011 and 2012! :)
Today I met a woman with the most intense makeup & demeanor ever who claims to own 10,000+ elephant collectibles. Google confirms her claim.
oh yea! must go to your hometown ASAP.
who the fuck needs friends when they're only there 4 u when it's convenient 4 them?
off teitter I go cause I cant seem to get my work done, now that im done voting for my contestant on AI
this time last year was prom all I remember thinking was that I dont get share any of those mother/daughter moments with my mom </3
pitchin bottles right now live in tha mix.
Hope you all had a fabulous mothers day. I love you all.
He once gave a friend directions to the Apple store in Palo Alto.
Im so bored txt me lol
Evrything hurts. Just finished a 40 mile ride. Gonna sleep like a baby tonite.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
I'd prefer an Ali victory though :)
i'd actually rather have low-fat frozen yogurt right now... RT : getting #bacon?
fuck I look like ? Lol & is so gullible lmao
Break it. Smash it. Rip it. Do what you want with my heart but I will always find some cheap glue to put it back together for awhile.
Second Day of Summer Institute presented by University of Nebraska at Lincoln formerly big 12- NOW BIG 10
so true!
Every elite player to be drafted in the last 20 years have been called selfish. We called them game changers.
Dear santa u a bitch nigga... no no u a bitch ass nigga lml
lol it's horrible!! I wish I knew it, yes, but regardless it makes me want to cry.
What a strange debate format.
Outrageous actions with obscene objectives
if i was Samardzija i woulda threw at AJ cause of how much i hate him
Came to dance, came to play, (living that disco life) :D
Trying to figure out how to delete photos from my iPhone so I can make more space. Anyone know how?
We also welcome a new visitor to wussup damie!!!
#itscrazyhow fast this year is going by...
Just ate a thing of brocolli n it was yucky
In new Jersey we made it safely :)
hahahahaha! Don't worry we got andrew too!
My boyfriend wear the same stuff
Oh no! RT : #officer 3 gongs coming from the lookout and a report on the telephone – Iceberg Right Ahead. Hard-a-starboard!!
Check out coffeenate's blog really cool for us coffee lovers!
Now that is a gorgeous bike!
The ToyMaker outing with the Czech meet-up group went great at the Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria! Great new friends and a fun time!
Glad we had that talk, it was just a big misunderstanding
- Yes, u can now get the new Cosmos jersey on line at www.u90soccer.com!
Everybody, stop what you are doing: the font on one of the words in the presentation is wrong.
Omg 2 kids fell through ice in gvr and cbs4 glosses over it but does in depth story about a dog that fell through ice. But no mention ...
New rule for getting elected president..if you can't sing Al Green, forget it..tee hee..:)
How often will you go back to check in on a show, post-opening?
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
Woah not cool! My lil brother being dumb on my twitter wtf!!!
thanks for getting back to me. Greatly appreciate it.
damn i know they made. but they get to decide what day they want to celebrate it tho. the 28th or the 1
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facbook, leave a comment and get entered into a drawing to win FREE Scentsy goodies!
very good!
Has another blast at johnny's Irish pub tonight. Can't wait to have the cd available for you
Shout out to fellow sponsors of : !! WAR HD!!
we should trend #JustinNoticeAustin or #LAReidSignAustin someday :)
Mike Fernandez: Your reputation: once you lose it, you can't get it back.
Do we really need to ask our iPhone "is that rain"? An intelligence that needs to ask that question isn't capable of using a phone.
I want to see myself from other peoples perspective..
are you playing that Logo game too?!
-- Thanks for RT!
RE: Rush: Romney is weak. He has no backbone.
Are you at a City Council meeting?
"Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence." ~Henry Thoreau
is one of the cutest boy!<3 your super handsome & your smile is out of this world!:D
While your sleeping in, I'm up gettin' this money $$$
Total #newbie question, but is there anything else you're supposed to get with the Interactive badge at #SXSW?
I bet!! Where do you work now?
Louisville needs some practice on dunking.
the real question is what are YOU going to be
Chicago dog at Sonic.
Saved by the Bell on Netflix all day <3
idk. But it's
believe me, I didn't forget! I'm stoked for it. Why is that bummer? It doesn't really make a difference at all haha.
You'd be so much prettier with less foundation and eyebrows that don't look like stickers. =\
miss ya blackieee.
hey hun how are u
The Holy Ghost. She down on her knees speaking in tongues.
... or refer the rabid ones directly to her.
lol high school fights are gay Shannon!
Listen to Kat Jackson at 7:40pm to win movie tickets for "The Lorax" at Cinemark movie theater!
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Good to know. I fell in love with a gorgeous rose breasted cockatoo, but way too $$$!!! How well does she communicate?
Hey : dig the new design, but can you please put lists back on the front page? Otherwise I'll just have to bookmark it.
What would i do without You Twitter..*hugs Screen and daps* You don't judge..
Not gonna lie I like it when they say my name on the radio. Haha.
AUDITION: Lead role in LITTLE MATCHSTICK BOY (feature film)
Cheating on a girl is deeper than people realize. It destroys her outlook on love, her future relationships, & her peace within herself.
Mission for today, complete!
No joke. Seems to me that most of the celebs house hunting on that show couldn't possibly have enough $ left 2 buy!
I plan to do both! RT : What's ur next move? We need folks like u fighting for the city & putting families 1st.
there it goes..taking 4ever
not long :(
Man, Is it Friday yet?
the movie "Home Alone" makes me cry
HAROLD!!! Please notice me? I really adore you so much!
Was it just me, #Milwaukee, or did #TheArcticMonkeys seem underwhelmed to be here? Cheers to #TheBlackKeys for wiping that from my brain!
he is, lol. I'll never forget that Jarnell Stokes had to learn how to stretch.
mall later with the group:)
Some of #Memphis' most fab will be swingin w/ us on the patio! - lookin forward to seeing you guys!
It's actually a key repository for gut flora that are important for digestion and immune response.
pippen was the most overrated player in Nba history. Dude was trash without MJ.
I think french fries in general are better than human beings.
the crease between your arm...!
he'll b back
"Habit is the explanation of why we seem to forget things so quickly." Remarque, "All Quiet on the Western Front"
I'm gonna miss you Pudge!!
There was so much wrong with that McDonald's commercial
Every guy in here gives me the look. You know, that look that he would rather rip off his fingernails with plyers than shop 4 a derby dress
#RIPMCA the beastie boys have and always will be one of my favorite groups!
Want to mingle with Dems who care about gender issues? Join the Women's Caucus on Nov 12 Contact for more info.
I know I can't wait I'm totally done with basketball :)
i'm on board with that decision!
So Ive been running twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening and now my legs feel like Rick James on the Dave Chappell show
good morning
Thanks for doing a great job!
You know, you could hire yourself out for this and make some cash off your issues.
You cant be happy if your always trying to please others. You have to make yourself happy. Its not selfish to put yourself first .
Hahaha i think im losing my mind, I was talking to my dog for 15 mins hahahaha :p
I just realized I can shake one butt cheek a time.
damn I think im going to get sick I can feel a sore throat coming |:
Why the long night, V?
Nice work on jumper negotiator piece. Don't see that every day.
Verizon but staying with them when I get the Iphone.
Lame niggas be quiet
She ain't selfish about me tho.
Let the verse slide over, let the chorus in.
Thanks.... that really means a lot to me... You are truly a ray of sunshine.. :)
The secret to achieve correct execution of legato is for the pianist (CONT.)
I know it's strang but I love Big An from deh mob wives..
Happy Mother's Day!(:
If you haven't yet , follow lokii jay from gifted miinds
Workouts gotta start back up nxt waaah. But tonight...I indulge in tater tots :)
oohh gotcha. where was he?
But agrees that they do look similar, so all is well.
was just corrected, French battle was 1862...
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
This just cracks me up!
"Libraries need to become more like kitchens than grocery stores." How can we encourage discovery & creation in our library?
unfortunate furniture. The beauty of good surroundings is that it don't take much.
Love that six pence none the richer is still in my life :)
Also, don't forget to watch A.N.T. Farm "Some enchANTed evening" tonight at 8:30/7:30c on Disney Channel, with gueststar
's part in #BothofUsRemix is already stuck in my head! Good job guys! :D
Q6 - Who or what inspired you the most while recording #Radioactive?
Oh yes, I agree! RT Confession: I think bacon is just okay, and I find the flavor a little overwhelming sometimes.
That's an *amazing* word count for today! Good job. Way to rock it lady!
Sorry for not tweeting my twitter friends been really busy lately! Thanks for the positive tweets regarding about my book :)
Advertisement appears now!
dylan and jack white record here...great studios
Just found on twitter and itunes! Voice of Yakko Warner and tons of others, but most importantly, RUDE DOG!!!
REMEDIES FOR YEAST INFECTION
RT : Excellent! RT : A5: Remember you are networking with PEOPLE , not companies. Research who to talk to
#supportlocalmusic Live at 5p. not now. still good music. Catch me on Brain Office and Gashouse Live on
I like that one too. that would be my vote but everyone has been asking for the other:)
This Twitter newbie, who should be #writing instead of checking here, thanks you.
Wild sports day..I'm taking Floyd Mayweather, Clippers, Bodemeister, Pacers, Caps, Jazz, Mavericks, O's
Hey! One guess at a time! LOL RT : ONE DIRECTION.? Justin bieber? Carli rae jepsen?
"Fancy Dancer" Commodores ... # NP
Oh my...Aztecs win...5-1...can you say top 25??? They deserve it...go Aztecs!!!
Wish that I could have been there with you.Love the snow!
Next up, the only thing standing between #FranCamp and happy hour. No pressure, ;)
Tony Allen is Tyson Wright in shape.
Working on linking my Twitter to the page... having some tech issues...
Guitar is fantastic - sounds and plays wonderfully. Love it. Will send a photo as soon as I can get one taken.
Think i'm gonna base this year of my life off scrubs quotes and my tennis coach.
It's looking now like we'll be lucky! Everything's set to arrive on time.
NEW EPISODE OF WHALE WARS TONIGHT AT 9 🐳🐳🐳
send us an email to and we'll take a look.
Council atty John Christmas: "They're going to start profiling raccoons now." Council Prez : "They need to."
No!!!! Your not insane!!!! IT'S A SILLY BAND!!!!! JOSH WEARS SILLY BANDS!!!!!!! lol
#FF thx for the follows & mentions!
I will never understand why they pinch run a catcher for a catcher.
Dressing up on the first day of school at college... Really?
i hear ya.
excited for the future
The SD Home Garden team is headed to for Fixtures Friday Lunch !! Can't wait to see what Chef Bridget is cooking up :)
Felt like juicy j
Finally, SOMEbody said it.
They say, best men are moulded out of faults, <br>And, for the most, become much more the better <br>For being a little bad.
Playing at the Blue Nile tonight! 10:30pm! Guaranteed to be a party!
She might have made one though.
Be a part of this HISTORIC Run-off! Be a part of the CHANGE that is coming to ALL of District 2! Together we CAN make this happen! Please...
salivating at the #avengers end tease. shame some parties in the comic arc can't be involved.
I love when I think I completely bomb a test but end up passing... Awwwwh yeah :)
is lakyn on tonight??
First game at the Palestra. Not quite the hotbed of basketball excitement it was made out to be.
Wish I could get rid of this headache would go away had it for 3 days
": Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(" You heard the lady!
Heyya. All is going well here! Hope things are going good on your end as well.
I thought it was teen spirit. RT : smells like cat pee. awesome.
"There are not iconic digital ads," to
The Olsen twins are pretty fucking attractive.
Hey everyone go check out my YouTube channel the link is on my page
it's just more obvious now
I'd love a copy if you're willing to share! I have some I could add to your 4th/5th grade list.
Help Boyfriend Make History :)
Happy Easter people!
it was great working with you. Thank you for the book! For some reason I am getting dirty looks from my pregnant wife...
In her ear or nose??
I've worn more beer than I ever drank at concerts, so I'm with u on the slushie.
hey jake, what's your blog url? If you already have songs on there the site player might be a great option for you.
yeah JONAS WORLD TOUR WOO! that tour did wonders for them, we're really glad so many people were exposed to them then!
Been a good night. :)
This one made me 'lol' Love corny jokes RT : In honor of the Easter Bunny, the only music I'll listen to today is hip hop.
Thanks or the #FF and Happy Friday! :)
Dear XCode, it would be awesome if you wouldn't consistently crash while I was trying figure out why my App is crashing.
True courage is pursuing your dream even when everyone else says its impossible.
I'm exhausted, grateful, satisfied, stimulated and now happily in a food coma. Thank you #BabesAtSea!
You sure buy a lot of food in buckets or helmets at Target Field
I know exactly how you feel
I have been, but nothing to the point where I feel comfortable sharing yet. ;) cc:
The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Time to race girls on the eliptical machine... Then Settlers of Catan-age
I WANT TO HEAR CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO
Springsteen & Rod Stewart both sound to me like they are forcing themselves to get enough air to sing.
how do u get the kitty gang sweater???
Keep the runs up on these beautiful days!
cool. Thanks. We just may go :D
Feeling good. Got my license and only 10 days till my girl gets here <3
Day 2 keynotes have been excellent choices by the Queen and her TEAM. Good take aways. Thanks
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thanksfor the love and the diner breakfast, Burlington - off to Northampton now
Please show some love and follow my girl and business partner she knows the inside track of the world entertainment.
done and done...I have a lot of hate in my heart.
Practice together and you will get better. This goes for everything.. including sex.
Only If You Go To Sleep : )
Twweeeeeps! We're going to be on tomorrow morning (Thurs). Tune in for some DD love!
mos is sold out my dear... Did you get ur ticket?
rainy Saturday
Oh my god, King's Island maybe this weekend with 1st time ever going to an amusement park.
Bout to get something done to my head.
trust me, you are not alone, I'm just afraid to pull the rip cord, for now
“The day that you discover that you are in charge of your life is the day you turn your life around.” ~ Patricia Fripp
Truth. Represent. “: a.k.a Flip will be best playmaker in college hoops next season”
“: I cant win tonight fuck it! I quit!” sure can't! I win hahahaha
NCORE 2012 will take place in NYC May 29 to June 2 at Marriott Marquis in Times Square! Registration starts later this summer
Question I'm struggling with: What is the difference between "training" and "education"?
Lol try it.
Gonna talk in spanish for a little bit
Woke up to class being cancelled. Ah the
up like a mf i need a bad yellow thang layin here
Finding out a feature you've desperately wanted in a studio app has been there for two years.
When your "guy friend" calls you a knock out girl >
can't believe you would consider getting a snowcone without me... gonna need some cafe adobe when I hit the H!!!
omg if i took a pic with them i wouldnt hug them cause i would like passout no joke i would prob. Start crying
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing
Homeschoolers, Lana will be in from 10-4 on Friday. She will be available for consultations and to review trade-ins.
I have a book called SLIDE:OLOGY by Nancy Duarte.
he got hacked and can't get into his YouTube!!! Blah! That's bad. :/ haha
Looks like it was true exhibition game. Big Syl and Cash not in at the end.
Champion Announces New Racing Products for High Horsepower Racing Engines
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby Day! This presents a very serious issue: tequila or bourbon?
strongest people i know, & i know you're going to make it out of here okay. please try not to hurt yourself drastically anymore
Cream of Mushroom with Brandy and Goat Cheese?! Yeah, we've got that...come and get it!
Yes, well I fear I must depart with haste! I have alot of homework to do! And since its either 9:31-10:31 in Michigan
what sports could you beat in one-on-one?
Where's my boyfriend
a solo emission?
did you make that whole big stack of bracelets?:O
The Best Part About Losing Your Mind Is The Peace, Serenity, And The Freedom :)
lol i wuss wearinq a short ass shirt it wuss two cold n i felt like my ass wuss hanqinq out two much.! so i chanqed lol
Still haven't found a good drummer in Seattle. All of them are either taken or are metal-heads.
I'm not missing today. Can't wait.
Get a nice tan and make new memories. That's all I really wanna do. This summer will be a summer to remember.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. -Jim Rohn
my family is seeing it in Northgate unfortunately. But itll do.
Support the artist, entertainers, industry ppl of our generation! We thrive on love for what we do..!!
Most of these "go go dancers" look like deceased prostitutes! ha!
If you liked the eagle cam, this one looks interesting. A live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
purchase directly online or call to reserve your space: 212.594.9616
#DearTwitter when ur best players are Playin 2of6 innings in a baseball game odds are they won't like it
#Nowfollowing now i want SEXY ASS to follow me :o)
2 c my fam. happy is worth so much more than money
cafeteria duty
Yea, I don't know. I was at the gym. Old school memories.
Must shift gears, the thing that was supposed to take all afternoon took two minutes.
You're confusing book and author.
Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton has hit four home runs against the Orioles, the first time a player has hit four in one game since 2003.
I cried when he told me what he tried to do.
congrats, send me info so I can post to list.
": Reckless! Dylan Bundy will go 4 innings tmrw and next start he'll go 5."" Do you think Bundy is being mishandled?
Oh baby give me one more chance... (I want you back)
Ugh now I'm getting sick :(
You two are so cute together!
Watching just my luck.
Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person u took for granted. What u won't do, someone else will.
whatever bro.
1990s Russian saying: Easier to turn an aquarium into fish soup than fish soup into an aquarium.
hey hows tour shoulder buddy ive been worried
Just listened to my first full Mitt Romney speech. That was a lot of words to not actually say anything.
Pleasure sharing the Technologies of Identity panel with you! Keep in touch :-) looking forward to following your work
Save $5 on Indy Jazz Fest Tickets at Central Indiana Marsh Supermarkets. Indy Jazz Fest could sell out this year.
Remember to look for our #pollen counts. We have the only REAL (not estimated) pollen count in the Richmond metro area
#2PeolpeThatBelongTogether Me and
love this....so true.
before april 6 lol the teacher assigned us to do a persuasive speech now oh & btw he loved my amber alert presentation thanx
Just kidding. It was probably me, anyway...
Haha that old man on adult swim.
Fuck! I hate it when i put a burrito in the damn microwave and it blows the fuck up from the sides.. but the middle is cold a'f D; !
Great night! My #Gamecocks beat Alabama by scoring 3 in bottom of the 9th and my , #1 in the state, beat James Island 4-1!
So I'm bored lol who wants to entertain me? :-p
contact case is the best travel case for mustache wax-- I can take two stiffnesses in the same case!
been up since FOUR trying to get to NYC !
Good morning everyone! :) well I'm gonna hit the gym and then gotta work on a school project.
My mom finally gave in 😊
then no one would know what they look like, how weird would they be o:
Nice night for an 80+ block walk. Happy Hannukah to all my soul sisters and brothers.
Are you on Instagram? If so, follow me here: BadNewsBears
haha I just saw this...too sweet! I always forget to check twitter :)
"You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality." - Ayn Rand (1905-1982)
Thanks for the follow!
Good Morning!! Doc appointment today...gonna see what the little princess is up to. We're on an every two weeks schedule now.
haha I didnt have signal earlier to ask!
OOF that's a little rich for a scrabble set for my blood.
what are the plans today
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long. At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins. It all matters.
Can't wait to see the Harlem Globetrotters in my homeland of Israel! Thank you for coming to entertain us!
girl you fine from head to toe
Just got home from Australia, wow what a beautiful place... What a case of jet lag.
I wish my mistake was as innocuous as that... I kinda confronted someone without having the whole story. UGH!
you're so awesome
:( feel better
"It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection." - From the B. Gita
WOW. Really cool -- Memorial Hermann hospital is LIVE tweeting a brain surgery this morning. Follow it at
I do hike, camp and bike ride often... the meth helps
I know! You're so bossy! I feel bad for !
Another week.... Lets hope this one is better
thanks healss and yes she did!
omg I better sell my iPhone & run out & buy a Blackberry!
I never had the courage to ask people for money. But niggas quick to as me.
Tickets on sale now at all TicketMaster locations and ticketmaster.com. Going fast, get 'em today! www.kdf.org
How many bad bitches here? ...zero!
#FollowMeAlexConstancio I've been trying forever.... please Alex !
O rappers what have happen to you guys~ smh
Only the 1500 meters remains following the decathlon javelin at the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships. Race scheduled for 2:20 p.m. CT.
Repub party seems completely unaware Boehner is a massive tool. Good news for Dems, I hope.
Also, happy birthday to my friend ! The man w/ the "golden voice"! Love u bro
Tickets for our PJ Party on the Trolley with Chris Monroe on sale tonight at 7pm! Check out our website for more info!
Leaving work! Wahoooo!
the cuban hunk is my fav! I also luv watching the English classical singer she is amazing! this season is pretty good!
#amreading "Real Unreal: Best American Fantasy Vol. 3". Good imaginative stuff.
we got dogged hard wit this virus dowo.. what the shiiiittt!!!
ABQ rocked the last night! Congrats 2 guitar winner Venita, front-row FBook and our TextClub and Twitter followers who won tix!
Good evening #dollchat folks! :)
Wow! Awesome news. Can't wait to see what you do with it, Larry. Know it will be great.
FUCK , CUBS LOST IN THE FIRST GAME OF THE SEASON AND I PAID $90 TO GO SEE THEM LOSE , THE STORIE OF THE CUBS
They are them. We are us. Fck them. All.
if u even think about sayin 1 less than nice thing bout , they fans gonna murda u on twitter!
what up tho, shout out to all my new followerson here just BullShiTTen
THANKS!!!!! I really worked hard on it- so that means so much!
RT Big issue for the future: managing dual eligibles -we need #innovation to focus; all this #EHR stuff is cool,but
play that - "Girls Talkin Bout". thx!
Tuesday & Wednesday
Good thing I'm listening to this tonight because I'm going to have to re-encode this oral history all over again tomorrow. :(
#houston Modern Online Greek Language Lesson Tutor Teaches Kids and Adults to Learn to Speak Greek Silver Spring, MD – Kids and adu
Good night Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares ;)
Can't wait for tomorrow morning - New Moon and great friends. *so excited* and miss u s+j.
I sleep with my Mac right next to me, as if it were my lover.
If I worked at a tanning bed I would mess with the people and turn there tanning beds off and on.
happy birthday you swaggot
there's a great BBQ place there - hope you have a chance to try it. Not like TN but good!
What was the penalty for?
#YouveDoneItToo had a silent poot and blamed it on someone else.
Funny, everybody jumps at report of 1 company that had issues w a Groupon special... and it was their own fault by not limiting quantity!
#imagine Louis climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
I can not wait to go home and go back to sleep.
It's Kyrnan's fault that I drank too much vino last night. OK, maybe not. But I'll still blame him.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
A balanced life requires work, rest, worship and play. If you are missing any part of it, you are not likely to be happy. -Joyce Meyer
That has to be one of the weirdest things I've ever read. Kind of Hunter S. Thompson meets Wodehouse meets Bill O'Reilly.
down the street from where i live
Did I get lost or did u find and triyin to get him in bed with u.
MT : Day 2 of #TCEA2012. At 2:30 pm Join our Tweets for Treats Tweet-up at booth 1639. Yummy goodies and prizes.
Praising the Lord, keep so busy
thanks for the RT. that was a fun session! Enjoy
We don't need better social media strategies...we need better management. We don't do management well. #ihrim keynote
lolol I thought so but I wasnt sure! Thank you tho :]
we live on our own set of rules
may Gods blessings flow in you richly! King Jesus!
Valentine smarts "When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain." Mark Twain - Riverboys, follow your heart.
That awkward moment when your balloon pops in a restaurant and everyones eyes are on you..
Blessed to be alive, great things are coming! Thank you God!
Globalnet Telecom- Your one-stop shop for all your business telecoms requirements. ***0844 880 2010***
Stupid dude hit my chin and didn't even apologize 😡
Purchase our album on iTunes, rhapsody, amazon.com, zune and cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2 So far our most popular song is "Heroes".
but will you be my Orangina?
I was doubting the pres' love for pope but I think he really does love her so we'll have to see how this plays out.
when your bestfriend has a boyfriend & you can't hang out with her<<<< :/
Taylor gang or put on a pound of makeup for twitcons. see for further details.
Finally learning to play my guitar. With my ghetto plastic cup pick.
If i could have One more day w/ my great aunt.. #oneHappyGirl. <3 You hunny , until we meet agaain :D
your gay
Im that girl that girl that follows on twitter
going night swimming (naked)
hi legs!
She like that pisses me tf off .
Omg the puppy is lost inside my house!
u have to stop posting pics like u r!! I left u a MSG on FB why...
I saw it.
Enter our raffle & you can win a custom 2011 Harley-Davidson 122HP VROD Muscle, or a 130HP custom metallic O School Chopper or $15K in cash.
to Europe for a year. That boys definitely got my heart...and he'll never even know it.
