had a great crowd at free shuttle bus stops last night. MCBW has been a resounding success
You know everything Taylor. Taylor Gang rain or snow ho's runnin dem best clothes
Reap the benefits of
My new website will be coming out in the next few days! www.bhavalshahbell.com Stay tuned!
cards, baby!
Anyone wanna help us raise $300
I want a banana
Silver Star notoriously slow starters. Jia Perkins helping them do better tonight vs. Sparks.
very international!
There is an NJPW wrestler who has "funky weapon" on his trunks. I'm so jealous that someone thought of that name before me.
Where have i been all this time? #self-reflection I'm sorry if i let down my 81 followers. I'm back and in full effect!!!!
If they say my foot is not broken, isn't a doctor obligated to examine it? That NEVER happened, FOR THE RECORD! I AM IN PAIN AND SUFFERING!
Congratulations to all the runners of the Peachtree Road Race.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Wow, completely forgot that Hunter S. Thompson just went and lived with Jimmy Buffet for a while to ride boats.
Leaving For !!!!!!!! See Yaahhhh
Tonight's Daily 3 number is.........
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love and compassion. ~ Simone de Beauvoir
hey sweetie how goes it
off to Cleveland today for my writing partner Bobby Womack's Rock & Roll Hall of Fame induction. Go Bobby!
How idle it is to call certain things God-sends! as if there was anything else in the world. -Augustus William
With so many hungry; that amount of food waste is HUGE! RT : 40%? That's a lot!
Also on today's show - a look at Pittsburgh Public Theater's "Around The World In 80 Days" from artistic director, Ted Pappas at 9!
want more of check um out this friday
#gopdebate ok its a gathering of white old people and none of them look hungry. Some are sleeping lol
Runner's knee sucks! :( forced to do a modified workout again... guess it's just me, an icepack & HBO tonight. love #gameofthrones &
Well for starters what do I do about my bag that in landing in austin without me your people didn't answer that question
Dave just replenished his paperbacks -- 75 cents ea or 3/$2 -- perfect weather for it!
my fitness pal. it's helpful'
sad baby 
RT Convo with Rachel and Ro-Ro today> they got my back! I love my family!
ohh wow !here school starts at 9 pretty much !but im gonna let you go so you can get ready for school now !byebye(:
Thanks! And you're quite welcome!
People get the most retarded tattoos these days
parents don't be understanding ppl in college (sophomore & higher) don't be wanting to hear then nag ! I live alone , there's PEACE !
Helping my friend get noticed by Justin Bieber....✌
I'm watching the video of the 800 d:
I just got finished watching the movie (HOFFA)Devito and Nicholson.you talk about spine tingling.
Those reading this #Timeline are in the Know. They find the links within links. Have you? - oxox
wait waahhhh... I need
Mayoral candidate Andrew Macdonald says Voter Registration Office certified he has enough signatures to have name on 11/6 ballot.
Don't worry, will still last thru August! RT : The NBA playoffs start Saturday...man that came around QUICK!
Wi fi & laptops... one the best inventions :)
1.changed all my summer classes to the second half of summer ☑ 2. Schedule MRI 3. Schedule doctors 4. GTL
I'm still in denial tbh
I had a great craft show this past weekend! Now I've just got to re-stock my jewelry inventory :-)
AHH yes! they're all gems! That seems like forever ago. Side note: I MISS YOU.
Hey! thanks for following! :) means alot! but i know this might be a stupid question but how do i know if ppl tweet me lol!.
People that usually say you'll never be shit in life usually wish they were in your shoes
I am afraid right now, I don't wanna let you down.
Oh yeah & drummer Nick Mason too-really works for me!
I'm in Miami. And I can give a dress and a Jean! LMK
Annoying lapsus lingua : edX, try MIT not Yale. RT Harvard and Yale
Stay safe! I hope you get my letter soon. =)
Wondering what wants to do when i get home in just a few min :))
Eating soul food at Pappa Lew's on 12th St. (must have proper nutrition with big game approaching).
No I just call next team!!! Simple
that baseline cram you had vs Louisville is my favorite all-time play vs the Cards. Sick.
Either I'm retweeting too much or not enough...
Baby :( I'll talk to you tomorrow or later tonight.
RT : Colorado WR Paul Richardson out for the season with a torn ACL.(ouch! His Cal game was the best I've ever seen from a CU wr)
Awesome, just awesome!
Sung-itzs are here! New Bait Protetion Cone allows the fishing heavy cover and extends the life of your bait. Ck it out
got datt whip game to(: tell your momma I love her<3
#inhighschool In High School I Use To Make $80's A Day Selling Candy "Hustle Hard"
got an email to say you favourited one of my tweets ;) hehee follow or tweet me to top it all off? love from ireland xo
And I know it's outta hand, okay, but I know you can take it ..- Dinosaur Jr.
Call me maybe is the bane of my existence
He doesn't have to buy me nice/expensive things.. or anything for that matter. Random texts telling me he misses me...that makes my ♥ happy.
Best afternoon snack in a while = #halfpops. Bag of popcorn that only has the half-popped kernels. Brilliant, and tasty.
I Need A Break From The World.... Cus I Just.....
"It happens all the time" is actually not that comforting.
A real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes.
thanks man! We will get you some more jams ASAP! Keep following for updates bro!
is at the doctor getting her shots. Like, seriously, her shots -- a chicken pox vaccine. Bad idea before grad? Let's hope not...
Omg my mom is shitty i didnt come home last night! Guess ill make her breakfast. Lol
All them ballin ass niggas RT : Who wants to hang out with &amp; I
He's my rainy day.
I'm really scared and nervous now. Smh could this be a sign?
How or why are you using Twitter as a tool in your business?
Pretty funny Kat Deluna: "I'm dating my career" (in response to whether she's dating kanye west)
midterm tomorrow. tired of studying. need it to be #collegebreakday already.... #collegekidproblems funnel cakes on friday!!! so excited
What is your favorite mixed drink?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tomato soup and Broccoli. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
"Often progress is halted by complaint."
Any online stream or post-talk video planned?
Well, I'm off to the for another great performance tonight.
wow, I really wish I was there!
Pandora kills my boredom .(:
I don't know if I'm ready for all this.
art of evil
Mother of accused #eastcoastrapist Aaron Thomas left PW Co courtroom as teen victim testified in preliminary hearing.
Product/service delivery appears in two camps: Either you are delivering an outcome on the cutting edge, or you are playing catchup.
Ask Ben if he's doing young life next Monday. Tell him you'll chauffeur him there and home
Happy Guy Fawkes Day! Celebrate gunpowder, treason, & plot by visiting us Today's your last chance to visit our pop-up 11-7!
You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair. (Ron Burgundy)
GLGL to and who both have over 300k.
Damn it. My new power cord isn't fixing the boot up problem. I so do not need this right now.
Clay model? Check. One step closer...
will do. Thanks a lot man :)
#planning to call you latttahhhh? :)
I'd like to be the first to congratulate Pitt on reaching 100 bomb threats today. Oh, wait now we are up to 104. Wait, 107. #congrats?
Told you all the ball was going to fly out soon for the
If you lose something in your room, take a picture of your room, put it on facebook & play "I Spy____" hahahaha
Happy Easter to my boys all others who celebrate!
also I will be making fancy sauce. In case you were worried.
can you believe that valuation
This weekend special priced Soy Candle "Albuquerque Sunset" $10.00 each 16Oz what a deal. 203 B Wellesley SE one block south of Kelly's
Anytime... 816-753-7382... My office is around the corner from the Sporting office in the crossroads. Or PM me for my cell.
Lomiko Outlines 2012 Goals for High Purity, Large Flake Crystalline Graphite Exploration
Sing like never before, O my soul.
I'm so much more productive with a chai latte in hand!
Don't like her stage presence (poor posture is part of it) and her voice goes flat in every song, why was Juliette picked at all?
U should follow my friend plzzzz she will follow bak she's new to twitter
LIKE THE VIDEO
#newspaces4learning and we are at the elementary level..literally and figuratively.
Man am I the only one hype for this draft??
hate to be the bearer of bad news, but a relatively warm rain will fall today & be followed by sun & 60's tomorrow.
RACIST! : If you're in a hotel in Wichita, and you're wondering which asshole is blaring the Sam Cooke Pandora station, it's me.
"I want to take grandpa to have his belly button pierced!"- Homer "I can hang my purple heart from it!"- Grandpa
enough tweets for a couple minutes.
Have to say, am thoroughly enjoying The Sisters Brothers. Go team!
I done seen the most ratchett mess already tonite n we ain't even in the club yet
Thanks for the RT + mention of our new site !
#ConfessionNight I use to think dat I cnt be with out u but I can
lol yeah no that's def. not it...
If she walks and her shoes light up then #shestooyoungforyoubro !
wow, finally can get on twitter again. stupid email account mixups
Go Cowboys!!!!
Saved By The Bell is the first one I noticed Haha
This weekend has been devoted to school. Crazy busy week this week. Studio sessions, meetings, and a fashion show.
When your brother has friends over and you're here alone on twitter. Lol
my roommate was like a rank 48-49 and he would just kick our ass all day when we didn't have football practice lol
RT from u just shared w/online class I'm in. Thx!
stop by to see us in the pavilion D48 and we can connect at least
Got to bring my speakers back up here. Having one of those days.
Remembering 'I do': Chateau Laurier wedding memories - Ottawa Citizen
Why God loves football: when goals are not met, a team repunts
Hi Ann! Thanks for the follow! ^RL
I am a doctor.
I'm in Midlothian TODAY @ the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 9-3. Come check out all of my handmade bath and body products!
so you're saying I should've taken it as a warning sign when that publisher wouldn't agree on a safe word.
RT : Looking fwd to hearing what #Adobe has to say about its new direction in tomorrow's analyst mtg...
yes its true movie thursday and im feeling 100% better lml, i even walked all the way to widefield park with my boys :)
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Haha, I would beg. I haven't even been there but I love it!!!
work is so ________________
Anti-HIV drug use during pregnancy does not affect infant size, birth weight
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
our pleasure, always :)
If anyone thinks the series is over...guess again #VMC Wednesday
Wow. What a great weekend of music playing with a ton of great folks and awesome musicians. Blessed with great friends for sure.
Boutta take a good Ass shower, after I smoke
Just seeing a play at a haunted old convent. It's also... a house party. Sister Sylvester. Bing it? Ends Monday!
BTW, the hashtag for my Marfa Wedding Fiesta is #LastTimePromise - don't start other trends, ok.
that's our kind of special! #wescreamforicecream :)
The will smith tweet re Trayvon is fake. Doesn't mean it isn't accurate.
Buffalo's bad rap comes from LE snow, & simplistic people equate LE snow with cold. Actually Syracuse gets more snow. Stereotype
thanks for the comment and retweet earlier!
yeah, crazy right? i LOVE snail mail letters from people, not orgs.
Growing out our contributing writer staff to follow the golf gear industry and youth movement. Let's talk offline
Be proud of it!
Well you're ahead of me then. I didn't get jaded until past cycle. I turned 18 in 2003.
hey its me george
Bring her a new pair of shoes ... she may even squeal!
I told my mom she should let me skip school bc I have Collins cold. Her reply HAHA but I didn't go to school I'm really sick
I hit 6.8mph on the treadmill and held it for close to 5 minutes. Whoop whoop. That was awesome
okay, I'll get ice cream and pizza <3
hot damn
hahah I dot like the girl that just Sang and the dress that jennifers wearing looks Luke a stripper alphet
I second that!
Lincoln said: I made a point of honor and conscience in all things to stick to my word, especially if others had been induced to act on it.
Welcome :D
u fasting?
#teamfollow time to get it in
A4 - What is missing from resume, trad or funct is FIT, not skill. fit is the missing key right now for good match making
So annoyed when stuff doesn't work right.. fine, I'll order the correct bolts. (mounting router in table) (wood, not network router)
I know, but the question of the Facebook like as political speech raises this larger question
#InOurGeneration People are just sheep. Agree with whatever the most popular person in the room says, and lie about EVERYTHING
Inviting the social media universe to welcome our newest customer, Corrales Senior Living, here and on Google+
Found out that there was a meeting on increasing ebook usage in library&plan was created.What was missing from the plan? Children's
Latest edition of Venable's Advertising Law News & Analysis will hit inboxes later this afternoon. Lots of interesting coverage this week.
DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS is happening @ the Verizon Wireless store @ Bayshore Mall from November 12th-21st. Bring a non-perishable food item.
Who is the "b" and who is the "s" in situation. Are we the bull because you're the sheeit?!
Same to ya Olive!! hey check my vocals out sometime on youtube.... Juliusvevo :))
The Michael Jackson:Immortal World Tour blew into Toronto for a few days. I did not notice much media coverage for this $60 million show.
Mardi Gras is over. I am now giving up cola in my bourbon. Canada Dry here I come!!
#aam2012 Unintended consequences of fab idea - interpreters in back of sessions w/out sound-proofing box is SUPER distracting
don't worry we got this.
Watching MARTIN! y'all have to watch this showw
Thanks for the RT !!
Taco Tuesday is on! Featuring Oscar's Asada!!!
You are so annoying right now.
hm who knows. Maybe at some point in the future.
LADIES: NEVER BRAG ABOUT YOUR MAN DICK TO ANOTHER WOMAN 9 times out of 10 SHE WANNA TRY IT
Because of Error 37.
no prob so how sit goin
Writing new songs for the new album "13"
I know im appreciated, I just don't feel that way at all right now.
lol hell yeah! I love it here! So beautiful!
See Rangers fans? Your team isn't slumping. Merely vanquished twice by the awesome might of The Greatest Franchise Ever Seen By God Or Man.
Good day today (:
Have you switched to the new Facebook #Timeline yet? What do you like and what do you dislike?
Failures are steps in the ladder of success
Wow! Bake sale for Mai Kaw Xiong has already raised $1000, and it's only lunch time! People at Alverno rock!
Badass. Let me know what you think of it.
Bayview apartment hunting is harder than job hunting.
HOM Furniture Dramatically Expands Flooring Selections and Services in the Twin Cities
After a *BRUTAL* week, off to get plastered with at my friend Kanya's winery aka Big Dog Vineyards :)
Is the download to Prezi feature not available or broken? I haven't been able to get it to create anything.
Did you get your hat?
I have been teaching & counseling Autism Kids and Teens a long time. I know only one obese mother in the 100's I have worked with.
not on your life!! you can yank a tooth out easier than pushing a tire thru a pin hole.lol
Woooh no school for me
Mass Effect 3 looking like a gears of war in outer space
Merry Christmas World!
Congrats! Where?
As long as you don't get bored it's working then :)
Did you kill it today? Or, get killed I should say...haha
HI Alison, thanks for the follow!
It's unfair when profs. don't disclose the nature of exam questions. I got a D+ on the 1st test & an A- on the 2nd test.
I'm gonna call you my big toe, as in I'm gonna bang you on every piece of furniture in my house
Happy birthday Michael Jackson
Looks like you're on top of the world.
I have sometime this am...
Tough shot by JR, but it goes through! Makes up for the stupid foul.
Great rehearsal today. They were on their game!
We got cats on riding vacuums cruising the hallways #saltlakecity. Can I drive that mug?
Oh well, I'll do it anyway. HTTP 404, these are not the droids you're looking for!
Remember when I was like, "I'll cheer for anybody before the BoSox"? That was a lie. I can't stand the Dodgers either.
Car I rode in with casual carpool this morning did not have a working speedometer. Very exciting.
haha I'm drunk but I so will right now
Temp in the 60s, shall I try running on my ankle (after 3 months exactly) today?
yeah I know! :(
Have you had these thoughts? Read HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God (ebook) to find out. From www.willowmoonpublishing.com. $5.99
Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt. -- Jose Ortega y Gasset
Do you think cities should ban medical marijuana dispensaries like Fort Collins?
Soccer is the most attended or watched sport in the world. #odd facts
Show us your #ENTOURAGE photo contest starts NOW! Snap a pic of u& ur crew and Msg it 2 us 4a chance 2 win 2 GREAT PRIZES
Cool man, is this stuff fire proof this year?
so update me. Will I see you tomorrow :) if so...
This is not my neighborhood....such a good thing!
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That I'd be "that girl" that would trip off the platform and be killed from the land mines before the games start..
We can get you on television and really maximize your marketing with online commercials too. How about 30,000 views per month? Guaranteed!
it is pretty tasty..made with almond milk!
Watched the Portland game from my phone. I think I won't go back and watch it in HD
#NP Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen. Who else loves this jam?
A: "our time right now" slogan emerged & resonated with us.
how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
Detroit is a hub for flights to Asia and Amsterdam/Paris for Delta and Air France - that may be the reason.
me too!! hahaha
“: 29th Dec 1962, During his first visit to the UK Bob Dylan performed at The Troubadour in London.”
Goodmorning world :D I'm reppin my NEW purple shirt Today in School !!!!!
thanks, you are a true supporter of "techbro."
It's so perfect that it was the picture of us that fell down
Please reply to my DM! <3 (:Please
Are you ready?? Ooohhhhhh
#SLPsnQs love the topic! No i.p a d and still not ready to use my i.p h o n e at work yet, but hoarding ideas!! Keep em comin!
Movie night it is
Bring a content producer.
Instant Emmy to the 1st netwrk to produce a talent competition judged by the Dowager Countess, Lucille Bluth + Colleen Donaghy
#HappyThanksgiving living the dream
im never on anymore :(
Mouth --> Watering...
Imma a man of business, that other shits for the losers..!!
I presented today.! I aced it.!! Lol
Nice to meet you!
#wtf Scientists at Aberystwyth and Newcastle universities aim to discover what someone has eaten using a "dipstick test" on their urine. an
The #Oscars r underrated for Super Bowl-esque ads. Huge opportunity w/ totally difft demographic. Any1 know how much $ an Oscars spot runs?
I had Missouri and michigan in the final four...
Special thanks to our #a4aChallenge lead sponsor ! Your support helps make sure #AfterschoolWorks to keep all youth healthy & active!
Great post ! Adding incentives is critical. It not only attracts subscribers, but it helps cultivate brand loyalty as well!
Alice Cooper and Slash performing "School's Out" at #goldengods right now.
Long weekend. And we're back...
// *Chicago Irish folk jazz musician :-D
Man, I'm getting excited for 30 Hours of Turoczy. And if some charities happen to benefit as well, all the better.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. ~ Anne Frank
Its about the that time I watch a novela :-)
Going Christmas shopping
We picked "Admission" to place;came in 3rd in 1st race. Learning we should have picked to "show" but it was exciting!
Pumpkin Pie and Apple-Cinnamon flavors are here at our Harvard Sq location!
SO excited for the
What about John Brannen for the MH St job? He is due. Unless I missed something isn't John at Alabama still? He is a local KY guy
is bedridden today
Thanks for the mention!
If u follow me I'll follow u bck[= I laouve you Jamie<3
i get to see my loves #ICONicBoyzHitChicago its gonna be the best day of my lifee
Thanks for the shout out! We love QR and hope you enjoy the remaining months on our calendar.
Twitter, wants you to know about Deer Vibes + Golden Lights + This Old House + Maxx +Western Giants @ The Ten Eleven!
thx man. We need to get Donny Julio out soon to play. “: JPL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ps glad u are kicking ass there bro!”
GL Wrench
Thanks! Great to be back in touch.
Why do people make my life so awkward? I just wanna listen to all day.
accidentally awesome? i don't even know anymore, i'm just going to let life happen because clearly, i can't plan the good stuff.
RT - Yes, world. I am a Jacksonville Jaguars fan... live with it. We are a dying breed. (Not sure if trolling, or knows no...
I think I will always be looking for someone like you..
Taking Job Offer 1. Hooray, gainful employment.
Hey John, call me when you have a minute ~ Tony 214.295.5237
Ryan Braun is a good man at doing the baseball guy.
It is my joy and radiant giving heart that sends out blessings on this beautiful day, the eve of Thanksgiving. May all beings be happy, jo…
u do inspections?
Shouts to my besty not "Betsy" on his 18th year of life. HBD
I'm done cooking, serving, eating and cleaning up for the day!!!! Time for a nap!
Cool. Thanks!
WAHOOOOOOOO!!!! We are all systems go!!!!! Get. Yer. Hog. On! cc:
Payton(: We NEED to hang out!
I followed (:
Scott Rose would like the Portland Police to be more of the front line for social services, and for their reputation improved
like now
What up with the constant "somebody is posting terrible things about you" DMs? of course not clicking there, but sick of them!
lol thank you sweetheart<33 You are incredibly amazing & awesome(:
From the mind of Dr. D.B. Happy VD, Everyone!! Um, wait... That didn't come out right...
Clumsy cus Im Falling In love :)
I get so high I touch the sky till I can't even function
Honestly im not even sure who got it yet.": True Speech right there!! Did Cedestoni get the gig too??
Happy Autumn! Tiki Clothing has the ideal line for this fall. The weather shall not bring a burden to fashion!
On my twice-yearly trek to Manhattan to see
Police beat for Marple and Newtown for last week in April
“: Too bad its Spring Break at Ohio University, the country's No. 1 party school. Ohio to the Round of 16.
Fat Tuesday Vegas-style
Very sweet Tom
“: Hi Alexis. Hope you enjoyed the NCAA tourney. I wished I was there!” yes I did enjoy come to Houston anyways!
Check out the Save the Library Billboard @ the SE corner of Highland/Sunset facing north! Send us pix!
What does the oft-used AFS phrase "not right, not wrong, just different" mean to you?
Good luck RAMS! MyCSU is cheering for you!
hey you! Hope you are enjoying the weekend and thanks for the RT!
It is Cow-Wash Day! Git on down to the cow and get your car washed from 12-4, the proceeds benefit the Susan G. Kolmen Foundation.
All the words unspoken, promises broken, I cried for so long, wasted too much time shoulda seen the signs now I know just what went wrong <3
next weekend?!
That's the JZ Diamond Craig!!
Sounds about right.
talking all that shit , but i don't see no damn money
Me & getting on a level lol. Drinkin level though. Its not what we normaly do but like its cool lol I feel good u feel good?
Crazy busy, but squeezing in a Twix break!
Love this summer rain.
Everytime I read on Twitter about a poker pro who is at the airport headed to a foreign country, I think "I wish it was me."
YOU ARE SO FULL OF IT. NU UH.
Looking for a fun place to hold your company picnic? Blackberry Hall is avail on 6.15.12 for 200 of your coworkers & family. 503.492.2777
www.800printingnyc.com > For All Your Printing Needs
It's been a great year's end w/ full-house shows of poetry & music in Monterey, Oakland, & Berkeley. Excited re: 2011 book & music projects.
Oh, nothing unusual. Just doing my daily trawl through the google hits for "old people sex"
Cool there fun everywhere
lol good to hear
I love that movie
hello bella happy wednesday to you hope you feel better soon
The perfect finale on the voice!
I LOVE U I waited 10HOURS for u in the rain...but security would let me and my besfriend get in so we ran to the view & met u!
Love your mother! #earthday Thank you
Were you able to go to NORSKY NOOK inOsseo while you were there? Best Pie and food.
Cause ? I mean look at you! Look.what he has!
Still Running STICK FLY on Broadway all give amazing performances
Update: "some arrested, including press, riot cops, horse cops, no tear gas or riots. fairly routine."
Wow this is the craziest tournament in a long time! This is true
we're THOSE girls.
you best not be transferring little lady
its the "absence makes the heart grow fonder" kinda thing :)
Holy shat. I might get a hedgehog. Is this like a dream come true or wutttttt
Good morning!!! :)
Pork roll, egg and cheese is absolutely amazing right now.
when r u comin 2 Miami???
what type of name would you give the bad gay ppl?
WELCOME BACK WORLDPEACE!!!!!
Happy New Year! New habits make new horizons. Grenville Kleiser
I'm so mad right now! People need to learn to appreciate the things they have in life.
ur so funny and amazing ur like in own little world<3
Five minutes with and I'm already in love.... Great TODO list app!
I'm looking forward to Saturday! It'sgoing to be great.
is anyone going to the GK tour this tuesday in SEATTLE!? (:
RT me too! I'm the only person not obsessed with ADTR. I'm sure of it.
HeY!! This is my chance to take a quick nap before showtime toinght...
That moment of glory when you finally understand something in math.
So I'm here Today because GOD KEPT ME, I'm alive today ONLY BECAUSE OF HIS GRACE!
JSB: "Blogging as joint context creation"; like jazz, improvisational, individual & collective
The industry is brutal.
Embarrassing performance by Magic...lucky to be only down 9 with 5:45 to play in first half.
Slowly becoming disgusted w/ my work place.
#FIXIMMIGRATION Pass laws with #Pathway_to_jail & stiff fines for employers who hire illegal/undocumented people.
Ppl trippin thatChris & Rihanna at it again? So what. That's their business. Leave these ppl alone.
People with Convictions: 23 year Seattle Police veteran Det. Kim Bogucki: we need to teach love and compassion.
Little contentious around here with supporting the #ravens while I'm all in for the
it's that time of night where my brain goes haywire.
Always arguing and drama in this house.
twitter makes it hard to do because they sell data.used to be twapperkeeper, but twitter took it down. gotta code a program now..
Won $40 in vegas yeah wooh go me
Last night's dream: I was in an early Spike Lee film, cruising through NYC in a limo with Morris Day and Jerome. They spoke jibberish. Odd.
UGH so annoying! I now get why doctors think I'm crazy.Well I'm not okay!just frustrated on why it's happenin 2 me.No1 understands! wtf!
lmao i love him!
Somebody got killed today at the family dollar by Hartman infront of she'll.
you're my remedy
Flocka page real? he stay in his feelings.
Good stuff-->Passion, presence, and credibility makes me want to hear more. Presenter next year?
Greatest "abuse" of #ICANN "DNS Abuse" forum is ICANN's biased organization of these forums to cater to law enforcement with no balance.
I'm not being sensitive today and my panties are n ot in a twist!!!
“: #whatifjuicyj drank lean wit the clippers before game time grizz would win clippers would be sleep lol”
Well this rain sure is a
got the vocals laid in and it's gelling perfect!
RT #FF to the women of my TL whose tweets are so inspiring for my action:
message me ur email to get started
It's like the time I wore a white blouse to work and my boss says, "You look like you're getting married." I am never getting laid again.
Thanks so much man!!
It's a beautiful day in Madison, the perfect day to hang out with new Badger bro , and my Twitterless Dad.
Congrats #OhioBobcats for your victory over Michigan. MAC
Fuck Banfield!!!! Said my cat needed to be "fixed" only to find - they couldn't find anything to "fix". Oh, wait not done!!
I'm not sure how long my essay was supposed to be...I hope 10 pages is acceptable.
Alright im done watching the Lakers get there ass whooped we already know who won. #OKC I dont even like OKC I just like KD.
I am definitely interested. Do you of some actors within the area that could benefit including yourself?
I both want and don't want this to be true. (mostly want)
Follow #cfpconf next three days
Rip etta James you were an inspiration for many
So sad. Whatever you're going through, I hope you get through it swiftly. But I know you'll get through it. And be better for it.
yes, it is the only response actually
I thought you were a PC guy :)
There is NOTHING funny about this, Toure! Please show the proper respect for Trayvon and his tragic death or just keep quiet.
Rice Prez, David Leebron, “higher education is one of the most competitive sectors of the economy”
You volunteering? My wife is like the drill sgt. on babysitters
Me and dave r at 7 and i street drinkin n smokin this 1z 4 jack u no who u r
<------Gotta change my avi in honor of my new favorite
i don't get the idea mini bagels, i end up eating more of them just to feel like i've ate a regular bagel anyways
yes I did.
You should really check into Seesmic. It is easy to use.
Pinterest is my new crack addiction. It makes me feel super creative and totally unproductive at the same time.
Unposter: search engines provide and prioritize info and what that means in historical and social context for females of color
Got a new bed today. Can't wait to see how many bitches I can fit in it.
Caps-Rangers game was awesome! Gabornik with the winner but both goal minders played their asses off!
*Special TODAY ONLY...Purchase ANY membership and tan the rest of the month for FREE, plus get any bottle of lotion for 50% off!!!*
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
Just looked at the ingredients of my yogurt, what is HFCS, corn starch and aspartame doing in there? Should I be concerned?
thank you! RPM was delish!
Thanks Jim. Just like we shouldn't be surprised by cheating, steroids, match-fixing, corruption, etc etc etc
And please don't bad mouth about another religion, because we all will look bad togheter. GOD Bless!
Tay bro im fucking wit u Follow Me
screwed up the flower order for my wife. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th and can't deliver till the 15th.
awesome you have one too? my username is dillyrose :)
I love childhood stories, too.... that incident was more emblematic than it was exact in its inspiration.
chilling with my girlfriend
Prospector pre conference.
anywhere I can go to get directions on how to use new features? Rewinding is a bit confusing....
[high five]
A good motto to follow in Sales is SWSWSW. Some Will, Some Won't, So What!
RT : Today is 60th anniversary of the beginning of
we're ready to test! excited! :)
They want me to be weird... I'm gonna give them weird!! ;)
RIP Dick Clark
That's Right !
I know I'm so glad I'm actually from outside of Frankfort
I heard. It's so awful. My heart hurts. :(
The Auburn "The next part of Midtown History" #LiveWorkDetroit #Dhive tours
Josh Hamilton gonna break Bonds'record...
I MIGHT AS WELL GET SOME CATS AND CALL IT QUITS
I'm totally with you on loving Phineas and Ferb.
maybe that's why I suggested you look into it :-)
You rocked the crowd last night! All of my girls and bottle clients had a great time!
So its confirmed.. #WhitneyHouston is no longer with us.. RIP
Awe yeah! Clarkson yeah!
is derek only shown the UK?
have a joyful life! thanks for sharing! =)
Ha. I need to pick up some of that stuff.
I hear you own Twilight now. If you need a Twiexpert to rewatch it with let me know. It's better after multiple viewings.
RT : It is not how much you do, but how much Love you put into the doing that matters-Mother Teresa
you just let me know whenever you want a visit from ol' Sergei. He'll be happy to make an appearance.
the 47th Ward's new ward superintendent starts this week. Welcome Erick Norton!
hey wtf is wrong with you didnt you see the movie? morons
Good seeing you tonight man. Next time I'm in NYC we should have a longer chat.
ik ik. M *birthday cake voice*
good, no hills. That's important when considering races! Lol
The on-field ceremony on Sunday honoring Ryan Braun's 2011 NL MVP is set to begin at 1:00pm. Get inside early to cheer our MVP!
Thanks for the
The dude abides RT: haven't heard it called a Caucasian since The Big
Writing a letter of recommendation at six am.
#1 Love Me Love Say That U Love Me Fool Me Fool Me Oh how U Do Me. (Whats These Lyr1cs From? ANSWER r1ght And 1 Ment1on U To Someone Fam ...
thanks for this mike
Ok, so far, I think I've narrowed down my favorite subjects to adults and landscapes.
“: Studio sessio goin up. FREESTYLE. WIT ”
This movie is about to piss me off! She better remember 😒😡
I KNEW IT
RT : RT : If you don't watch 4th and Forever, you should.
I had assumed the reason you went to school four hours away was to do your own thing.
Who wants lunch with and me?
Hoped to meet with you guys tonight for a sesh, but too busy tonight. Tomorrow?? Don't forget about PGP on Friday.
About to watch Brandy & Monica sing Live !!
#ilovemymombecause she inspires me to take on any task i need or want to.
You must have had a great day Get some pictures up
That awkward moment when u run thru a red traffic lyt n ur earz subconciously starts hearing the sound of sirenz.
and we--those who work with the kids in this school district--are left to pick up the right size pieces...coward.
RT : For those who are still seeking tickets for they are still being sold
Happy Birthday
it's so easy to do, then I forget how to drive and brake check everybody!
I'm bad at it..
Char O Chicken. #theydeliver. “: Grilled onions, fries well-done.”
Work your way to the top. Don't freeload your way there. It's shows what type of person you are.
Awesome B2B event last night with my friends , , , and Clifton Gunderson
let's go tarvaris! Oh wait...
Creative session over.
Easy to dream a dream, no it's harder to live it. GET IT!
*HandsYouAHatchet* Me too~!
I was just thinking this !!
~ Omg! Japan for $40! I would be on the first thing smokin' lol
Now that would just be pretty darn awesome
but it's Sunday : ( lol
Enjoyed meeting last night. Thanks for sharing your ideas and plans.
Others sang your life/ But now is a chance 2 shine/& have the pleasure of/ Saying what u mean/Have the pleasure of Meaning what u sing -
what happened to the "paperless office"? Its easier to draw stuff out sometimes. ;)
thanks for the follow
Why do you wear shirts
Whenever you become empowered, you will be tested.~ Caroline Myss
That may be the first time that anyone has called subdued LOL
I'd also love to talk abt culture of activism & stud. dev. Activism today feels kind of dwarfed by the '60s legacy.
Always a tough question. A little NNW. Love Hitchcock, though less a fan of Pyscho ~
Why is Jefferson still in the game??
#Yikes...next thing, you'll be saying "it's on like Donkey Kong".
i know my shit clapped
I failed my music class cause I told my teacher to fall off the stage & I hate opera !
hit em straight
that happens to me all the time... I would just like to catch up on my "to-read" stack and things keep getting added to it!
Happy Birthday ! XOXOXOXO!
thanks for the following and stopping in !
Something happens when we slow dance
"back to the blogs" and "out of fogs" exactly. loved your pinterest post. can't wait to look at all your boards.
we're already texting weirdo
Up and at'em ladies and gents! Monday morning, time to get it.
Yay!!!! Blaine and Kurt are ok! 👍
i should do that "sleep" thing
oh I just meant that generally.
There are Many things that I would Like to say to you But I Don't know How.
That freaking Phanatic hat is EVERYWHERE! Note to adults: Don't do it! Cute on kids, you, not so much.
Oh my gosh were rivals!!!! haha (:
Be careful who you give your trust to."
lol yeah they gotta be small for me to eat them, con tapatio, sal, y lemon, their good lol and Mariscos soon!
no, hes gonna start being mainstream then, oh well..
women needs men thats the problem we walk around like we dont need one another but women cant live without men men the same way
well I think your the coolest
omg the story lol almost forgot am in it lol and my lil bf louis lol
Thanks! You too! Want to adopt an Easter Kitty? lol
Good conversation on flip curriculum...
you know what. this season looks boring.
Drinking "Rolling Rock"....a 6-pack of 16oz cans for $4.99 at Safeway! It's cold & good! Haven't had this in decades!
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it Kaffy
Looking forward to spending lunch outside in downtown chicago writing my book. It's a beautiful day!
It's #TripleTuesday again. Follow it for 3-word advice about the #jobsearch and
& well dig a deep hole ; to burry the castle. Haha
Roy: We took that game. We fought for that game. To say they gave us that game, i wouldn't go that far.
Visiting my Madrina at Christus Santa Rosa (lung infection). First hospital I've been to that doesn't make me anxious/queasy.
How do you get that free coaching?
YO my mom made homeade chili and cornbread from scratch ! it's only making it harder for me lol
That second afta u hit tweet, u realize u 4got a word. ex. 'what u bout that'
Big thanks to & for the RT on our most recent Aquarama interview!!
Good Night! Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better. -Andre Gide
Just got back to La LA land!
thanks, bro!
"Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret"
yeah sure, what do you want to tell to ?
And I'd say, "Daddy, I would love to dance!"
Can someone explain to me as to why I'm allowed on the internet????
Just downloaded the app. Will give it a spin soon!
What a great day with Lovin summer vacay!
I did. Good work man
He gotta DONKK
#SecretRoom tonight at w/ and more! "Its only a secret if you keep it"
check this out "It Aint Easy"
Girl, amen to that. That's how I feel.
Know the feeling! Currently waffling over 3 lists: modernist poetry, US novel 1865-1910, & editing modernism.
Troubling test score news this morning for #Florida. See my story in 2 minutes on NBC 6
": Mondays u come way to fast". That's what she said.
If one were to google to definition of "disaster" you would find my sleep schedule.
Can't wait to get back to DC tonight and catch up on all the HTJ drama. Work travel is sometimes very inconvenient.
FOLLOW ME JC CAYLEN!!(: I really want a follow(; so..yeah! I love you!!!!!!!!..(: you need to get on BlogTV tonight!! #followme!(:
I'm okay. How about you?
Rushers Live For The Rush
I eaat to much ):
If you don’t stay together through the bad, then you won’t be together for the good.
So for next season, when celebrities see "Andrew" pop up out of nowhere, they should know they're being punked... He's in every episode...
you gotta watch!
Thank you josie!!!!!
<3 how are you?! x
RT : The phrase 'illegal alien' may not be a racial slur but it is undeniably a cheap shot
Suzanne Goin and Nancy Silverton up for Outstanding chef James Beard Awards
Im_NBA_bbad u ugly
Wondering when I can start producing another movie?
What does a person burn their bridge with me and then expect to walk across it once more? I mean...really? Didn't think you'd need me again?
its already snowing were I live it hasn't even snowed?
lol thanks for not texting back . ._.
What a Game!! NY came to play!!
About a month of school left.
Can't believe I'm saying this. Go thunder.
They've had him long enough. ;)
Or in heels... RT : People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
baby u light up my world like nobody else ❤
hey adam how are you?
I heard Birk is out, any news on that? If so, who is playing C?
RT : you are suddenly craving chicken wings. #PBRpitchers #VeganWings Flavor of the night is CHIPOTLE. Assemble your crew.
Hello #NewZealand! Warm welcome to the newest country to join #iOS family! Have fun!
Just deleted Instagram .. That lasted long lmao 👎
u should come see me
I HEARRDDD THAT. I finally feel... relieved. Why didn't we think of this solution sooner?
Enjoy all our happy hour drink specials 4-8pm at the Lackman! Drink well, drink OTR, drink Lackman!
Truly Tolerant Internationalism : Obama is the FIRST GAY, MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, KENYAN President of the U.S.
cynicism of an argument Unabomber believes in global warming,so it must be wrong("not all believers are murderers tho")
1 more day of high school...this crazy.
you already do:) just keep up on whatever you are doing
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*
I gotta find my moms something for mothers day...
aw.:( im from philippines,,im still downloading the video..:( is it tru alaric is insane?who's the killer?
i have Sat school tomrrow
Saw that last year at the WI Film Fest!
I love the new logo, social media, and new graphics. Everybody should follow them
and from BTR its count on you!
cocaine and whiskey are two of the top terms associated with at the moment.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia. ~ Charles Schulz
Christmas is here give the hunter, fisherman, or the outdoor adventurer the PowerHotSpot, a continuous energy source for all their needs!
Our location is locked, blocking is set..next on the list: kick ass and chew bubble gum..bubble gum, check, kicking ass..in progress
hahahaha You don't have to tell me lol!! I know.
"Fuck bitches, get money!" Beliebers will know!
Dang... someone just stopped by our cart the other day asking where they can find some Venezuelan food. Now I know what to say!
Did you have a fun new year celebration? I was at home with baby..I count down for him.. haha
to be accurate, the quote would be OF COURSE
all you need is fear
Pork chops, eggs, & potatoes....
Luke Bryan And Jason Aldean are coming to Houston together? ! ? ! Ihave to go to that, those are my 2favorite countries singers! ! 
I haven't been asked my name for the book! Any idea why? Is it due out soon?
“: Notre dame is pulling the upset!” <- Yep, I agree!
OK, so Gnome 3 was a fail, too. Reverting back to Gnome 2 and exploring other options. Ugh.
Across the country our courts are under-funded. This is a dangerous situation for our democracy. Check out the ABA website for more.
Obama: I campaigned for change we could believe in... But it's hard being President!
Rockin it out at with finishing up song number 3!!!
Got a new piano.
Wow 1201. The one day I can go to the pool and you lock the gates
So sorry to hear that cancelled its annual conf in July. We were looking fwd to exhibiting.
Last to get the memo that airlines charge for bag check. $15 on Virgin. I swear I read it. But still outraged when it happens.
Dau Tu (Investment) newspaper cited Link World Unlimited Events LLC as saying ... Real estate developer Hoang Anh Gia Lai (HAG) and f...
Worried Jews are paying for Jewish dating subscriptions for their grandchildren. SuperTova.Com is 100% Free Always.
Boston Loves what you do!! Keep up the good work!! Follow us back?
This is crazy 6 am to run 13 miles! I'm easily convinced! 🏃
MT Happy 39th Birthday Willis Tower! The antennae will be lit blue tonight in honor of the building's & the city's birthdays.
LOL...it was her shower!!! :) I know...I need to get there more often!
is by far my celebrity crush.
just did! No email...
Buy tobacco.
Ladies Tank Top is the Hottest Selling Item So Far, Thank you everyone for the support. Ladies Tank Tops Available @ www.SnoClothing.com
Become a museum member! Upgrade to Patron member and receive free admission to over 150 museums nationwide.
Styx is the greatestAmerican rock bandThe only reason they got a bad wrap is because most critics are cynical aholes
was just thinking the same thing. Hate heat-of-the-moment reactions, esp scapegoating, but it's hard not to.
It's been a decade since toddler Jahi Turner went missing from a local park. I'll have details in an NBC 7 Investigation 6pm
does it smell like despair in there? Do they have trash covered chinos? Don't even think about using the bathroon
It baffles me when working professionals still snitches and gossip
We are looking forward to serving all pizza lovers. Today is a friends and family event and not an official opening.
is a middleclass bag lady tromping around the public in the rain.
Bass Cellar Happening tonight! Dubstep, Killer Drink Specials and $125 bottle service....any bottle!
If any one wants to make a bit of cash to day call me must like near the south side of Chicago must be bilingual in Spanish or Cantonese
have a good day and remember you are somebody
I just did something that caused a woman walking by to comment to her husband "That's disgusting." I'm on my game today.
EVERYONE FOLLOW NOW! A DIRECTIONER!<3
Thanks for following! We just checked out your website and LOVE your chic Eco-friendly styles!
saw it. Great.
Lebron WTH? Like its just cool to step up and miss 2 FTs. You aint Paul George!
who you like in the men's final tmrw? #Federer will shock the tennis world!!!
yeah, just saw the story on ESPN...makes me think Nolan Ryan is even more awesome than before! Safe travels, C
Thank god I have a stoge. I needed this.
I love you're somebody to love video :) ill be ur somebody <3
lmao when I saw it, it reminded me of you ! Cause you were the first one to tell me what ratchet meant &im like wth?lol d:
Okay, Lamborghini Mercy, your chick, she so thirsty I'm in that two seat Lambo with your girl, she tryna jerk me
Been gone for a while.. Check out the new stuff @ www.youtube.com/WatchDwight
You wanna know the best thing about having a mirror on your cieling? You can do your makeup on your bed.
#10FactsAboutMe I absolutely LOVE to cuddle
“: Come down to in an hour. There will be rock and roll there. It will feel good.”
LOL! love you too Brandon. what's up? how ya been?
Allergies: so worth putting up with when you can actually hear the rain on the rooftop.
Hated GMen last year at #ICCAMidwest for their overly gimmicky performance...hope its better this year...
Gabby Giffords aide Ron Barber to run in special election, would serve as interim replacement www.cbs5az.com
Elements of happiness: meaning, connectedness, & being a part of something bigger. How can we apply this to the aging community?
I hope this fight last longer than the last one. The longer the fight, the more entertaining. PEACE
Thank you so much!
mhm then is june 5th ;P
Yes... I would be honored to marry you baby!
The Vampire Diaries on TV but it sucks because its the season 1 and i've seen it, now i await the episode 12 of the season 2 !!!!!
OMG I can't believe Leah cheated on Corey a week before their wedding!! That's SO fucked up!! #teenmom2 think abt the kids!! Geez
i need to know that the person ACTUALLY wants me to talk to them....i need to know that someone wants me around...
Like my new avatar? <3
But the day isn't over yet! Still have Warrior and two Boot Camp workouts here at #prideconditioning! Where you at? Should be here!
Made the switch!!
I had Cheetos today too! They took my old chair away so now I am starting a new mess.
even this huge Brewer fan thinks Matt Kemp is the best player in baseball.
Come get $2.50 Stella $6.00 Jameson drinks! You may not find true love, but you can rent it one song at a time tonight at Little Darlings!
I'm bringing Pioneer.
Due to the request of who unsuccessfully mentioned me the other day, I'll let y'all know I changed the twitter name
Need something uplifting from Youtube: Any ideas?
you got it madam
Today feels like a Friday:o
Nick may not be on the roster today.but, Will always be a Packer, + has friends on team.I'm sure. Not a hater
MT : A great suggestion to speak w/ of about an interactive art map in Baltimore. Thanks
Have a Cheeky Xmas !!! from Rob & Rich aka 2 Damn Cheeky !
RT Maybe it's a bit odd, but, I'm extremely stoked about #MCN2012 and it's still not happening for...how many months? :)
your default pic is making me laugh so hard!
Just skated this random skate park in hazel del. It's on a slope tho, on some high speed go all out status.
Dance is the song of the body.
im so broke dawgg
Three more days 'till opening! The excitement is building up!!
Sure. Please tell me more!
Dropping the "Public" is ludicris. I suggest we drop the superfluous "Digital" in lieu of something less self-evident.
OMG YOUR TICKETS ARE SOLD OUT :) AMAZING<3
don't get cussed out.
Of course. Thanks for the well wishes and right back at you. Hope the week is off to a great start! :)
How many times I gotta say it I have to give a fuck about u to make me mad, sad, etc. At this point that applies to only 1 person. My mama
Yes, leaves a great deal to the imagination. (You don't sport a van dyke by any chance, do you?)
we can do it:)!
"Someone just called and said, 'f*** you' to me. That was nice. Happy birthday." ~ Heaven has special place 4 call screeners.
Agreed. RT : ridiculous that news orgs must pay for data generated by public funded activities, says Lance Williams
Thanks! RT great great session on games. Thanks.
She just wanted to know what it felt like to be the man, the myth, the legend hahaha
ok well I just screened my most recent film two wks ago & was working in that for nine months
Yay! My new baby cousin is here!! Welcome to the world baby Daniel Oakley!!
John Brennan, at : "...it is an unfortunate fact that to save many innocent lives we are sometimes obliged to take lives."
I hate when I bang my toe...especially my pinky toe
Hunch. Holmgren is very impulsive like that
Wow. Hard to believe it's been 30 years. Of course, the last time I saw Levin live was 12 years ago (?) with CGT. :-/
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stayInvention, Natures child, fled step-dame Studys blows...Biting my truant pe
great how was yours!?
Feels so good to sleep in my own bed tonight
ha! Yeah I eat there a lot it's inexpensive and fast. That plus it's relaxing for some reason.
"A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery." - Stephen Dedalus in James Joyce's Ulysses
Who knew building a 3-D pirate ship with my nephew would be so fun!--intuiting from sparse directions
Beat the heat with the boys of “Party Pilipinas” this Sunday!
I feel like i talk to myself when i tweet...
Thank you for following Art Of Toys! Looking for artists that create their art in the form of toys or use toys in their art! Pass the word!
drink some warm milk? count some sheep? lol
i loved that nsync was incorporated into the show because they're my fave boyband. you guys are #2, hope you understand? <3
Now there sits a man with an open mind. You can feel the draft from here. ~ Groucho Marx about Chico Marx
Hm, #NASCAR and #fox ratings stunt. Because Armageddon sells.
thank you for keeping over 25lbs of paper out of the landfills in just 2wks
It's #askarchivist day on Twitter! Have a question about the #UMBC archives? Our own will answer!
I wore jeans yesterday and today at my conf! Just shows how relaxed and confident we are!
semantics! So when the LIRR East Side Project opens Grand Central to LI, it will become a station again?
Really don't like the hat half on half off look, everyone try's to do it even when it's hot outside.
wearing antler-wings made of bones in my hair, not had to spot ;)
Finally upgraded to the iPhone 4. The camera is way better.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. Shakespeare
Just emailed you the details
Just heard Tim #Tebow joined Brad Paisley on stage at for a duet & the crowd went wild! So happy for all of you there!
I deleted most of my tweets cuz I tlk about 1D all the time ;)
Digital native does not mean digitally literate.
thanks for the kind words on the charts. Let me know if the 'powers' say yes.:)
Matthew 26:41 Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the body is weak.
the one you use your right hand on right? lmao
they are filling a gaping hole left by the demise of newspapers, and they are doing it with unemployed newspaper folks. UGH.
- Email me, don't have your # anymore. I also need to find out how you know ... a.mangrum[at]firstproinc[dot]com
And thus begins the least productive workday ever (that didn't involve a hangover)
Arcade Fire, The Suburbs
Making adjustments is just part of the game. Can't fix it if you don't know how it's broken!
Last night in the city with my Chenyaa !
doin good! how bout u bruh?
its like this is our team ik thats weird to say but it is!! for years. i don't like other people getting the satisfaction of it
": 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man."
as a former employee, I greatly appreciate what you're doing and what you have done to Cleveland. Simply genius.
I love my juggalettes
I am almost done with midterms this week. I have one more test, 6 replies, and 2 blog posts to finish and then it's spring break time.
4th Quarter Pride Denver.
Day 6 of Reader Appreciation Week! Enter to win free prizes today! Time is running out - www.artcalendar.com/readerappreciation
“: The guys I meet at parties are just like Solo Cups I drink out of...disposable.” was thinking more of 'popular'
It's not the number of words you use to express yourself, but the quality of the words and the passion guiding them.
My husband's office is just downstairs from mine and he sent me an email with an attachment to read...
Is the ! after his name implied, or do you have to write it? Froomkin! or Froomkin
Just a be man about it- Toni Braxton Love this song
I (as M brushes her teeth and sings simultaneously): "That is Sexual!"
I like New Orleans so far. And it's not even 8 o'clock.
< Thanks for the RT!
Yup, just did a turn at 45 mph and a donut in a Honda fit
I was schedled to fly from Louisiana back to Vegas 10 years ago today, spent the week in Marksville, La great people, God Bless America!!!!!
registered 4 the Texas River Marathon + Texas Water Safari today // shit is totally real now. what the fuck am i thinking??!!!
been going hard in the studio
your idea wins.
Do you know your Klout Score. How much influence do you have in Social Media? W.klout.com
Bout to watch 7pounds with the loved ones
lol your so nasty your a freak. But your my freak!! Wuv ya! <3
Just automated my investing. It's not a lot, but it's a start. What are YOU doing to invest in your future?
Thanks for the follow! ,,,,, and
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Follow Shadow Left on soundcloud and we will follow you back! soundcloud.com/shadowleft
TGIF! Grab some doughnuts on the way home from work today and enjoy them all weekend long!
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! — GARY W. GOLDSTEIN
Monica just sang the s&%* out of the National Anthem @ the final four
Headphones in, eyes closed, and not a care in the world.
Life has meaning only in case one barters it every day for something apart from itself.
ALL I KNOW IS THAT G SHARP WILL BE A MAJOR NAME IN THE BIZ BY THE END OF 2012!!
Lara Fabian - Before we say goodbye: via
no problem (:
5 hrs to kill at then red-eye to DC via Toronto. Can someone please invent teleportation already?
Separating myself from that drama...
I believe it. U know how many jobs I've quit? Lol. Idc what anyone thinks anymore, at the end of the day, its MY life!
Sometimes my friends and I get together just to stare at our phones together.
Co-founder of Nia Technique, , is talking RIGHT NOW on Inspiring Women Summit
I just noticed was going in on my lakers last night. I think Imma fuck up all his vocals from now on. its only far lol...2nd2none
Will be xmas shopping on State St. tonight. And grabbing something really tasty to eat. How 'bout you?
I love this city!! Headed out for a well deserved night on the town. Looking and feeling great. Oak, Avenue, IDK!!!
happy friday! Whats your aim for the weekend?
hey bro sup?
gawker posted a story about uggs and toe fungus. Lol
RIP Don Cornelius
think you got hacked. Getting DMs from your account :-(
Get off yr high horse.
GAH!!!! You look like the guy that you think is Waldo and feel so proud about finding until your dumbo friend says, "You fail."
ah, cool! Yes, the Lehman tour was great and the time in UK very nice indeed
you crafty bastard "I'm near wifi at home and work" don't you work from home? ;)
Room for three more Chili Cook Off teams this Saturday. Starts at noon. Then ND and Alabama football! Big day lots of fun!
isn't it pretty?! Happy summer...
We scored
Raise your hand if you are stressed. If you look at me you will see a crazy lady waving her arms in the air like she is at a concert.. :(
Thank you! Texters, unite!
County, Sectionals, Regionals, State
Just guessing: over/under on tonight's #NFL on ESPN rating - 7.5. May take the over, especially for first 30 minutes.
change is good! http//www.claudinemusic.com
Finished with a solid 20 points!
RT : "Let experience be your teacher, let challenges be the test of life."
Mtn Jam Teases
overrated!!! Let's go Rangers!!!!!
#foss4gna looking for a project to sprint with today: handy with python/django, ok with javascript, willing to work on docs + websites too
is considering a leap out of her comfort zone...
waking up with one eyelash on and the other stuck to your cheek
Watching remember the titans
hope you can chime in at 11 am CST and not miss #SommChat this week:)
No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change.
#PROMOTIONTIME GO LIKE MY FAN PAGE Honey Rosee NOT THIS STATUS!!!
Sign up today! 2 more registrations, only 15 spots left for one of Milwaukee's best parties.
im gonna get pitch forks and fire if they cancel BTR after the 3rd season!!
My last tweet was provided by
haha ya. We just finished the episode on Leo Divinci recently. That's some WILD stuff.
Gurl said I asked u a question its a custom in America to answer the question
Had my first "Are you RJ from RJ And The Assignment???" **sweet**
i know
Hey, your ass follows me. Fyi. :}
I BE GOING
very tempted to write a long spanish language reply about dios y luz...but i just want natural spectrum bulbs?
get him outta there
Jeezy need to come out with a new mix-tape pronto
[delete] Digital Drama!
i miss u both!!
#Top100Lies "I'm a bad bitch"... no, no you are not.
Facts: Prevention is the best tool to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace
are you going?
LEt's see if Time's "Man of the Year" will give all of his money back like Bill Gates and Warren Buffett did. let's see if he is real man
Me and Matt have the whole weekend off together😁 and we have so much planned! I'm excited!
The Bellmen play March 15 at Chaindrive for
If only you truly knew..
TFER looking for a pop!
Come see us at #4041! Fellow Texans and should be there.
ROYALS WIN! TAKE THAT BOSTON!
Is that what they mean by faux nude pics! Hahaha!
You NEED to go to the bathroom. Stankin ass.
I know a girl in an eyepatch isn't something you see everyday, but I'm way to shy to get stared at this much in the Starbucks line.
i lost 12 followers in one week. -_-
Darn I missed the speedo run! 
Started working on my little project. ID past, present and future. Did you know that the principles have been around for over 80 yrs?
Just got up, had my first cup of coffee, getting ready for breakfast, and starting to move it hurts getting old.
well slap a pig and call me Carl, look who found me.
tweeting a lot tonight. Do u follow?
S/O to hes is wreckless af and does anything and everything. always making me laugh. Hes cool af
Dance shirt, Hair tied, Chillin' with mascara on. That's when I look the most unattractive, you can tell me. I wont take it wrong.
Had a Blast 2nite #COMEDY. BIg Ups to , Doug Roth and Chris Z!
Tweets aren't as good on Saturday nights. Supply and demand I guess!
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!! MusicalStop.com!!
#WeWonttWork if you got too many friends that are girls and your claiming they're your "sisters"...nigga please, WASN'T born yesterday
Switch accessibility isn't in version 1.8. Contact for more details about its availability.
Happy Saturday!! Make it a productive one!
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. Mary Kay Ash
Hey there ;-) have not found a perch yet..am still searching...only 2.5 weeks left to find a spot..am very nervous..worried
I've came to the conclusion that my house eats half my clothes and any other stuff I need for the day
If you lead a #brand and want to promote it through #social networks, first make sure you have a #vision and live it.
Happy Monday, Lori! hugs!
I'm not a snitch, but I can already tell she's a bitch.
It sounds better in person, maybe because all of the practice? Looks like you'll be getting some more in this Sunday...
Syracuse zone!!!smh...Saw kids play their hearts out 2day in tourn!
Thank u for keeping up w/ and posting ur blog! He is all over the place...busy guy. Keep it up! :-)
how long does 3 sisters run?
FOLLOW BACK HUN:)
Heavy Grey Clouds, are you going to do anything, or what? (Please, please, please do something.)
. #Sherlock airs on at 9pm tonight in the Portland/Vancouver area! Hooray!!!
RT Help your articles go viral with plain-text formatting! Complex formatting/coding tends to get mixed up when reproduced.
Hey! How's it going? United UndergroundSA is a San Antonio based producing company! I'd like to invite you to follow our page1
Level up.
Very cool! Thanks!
Lmfao a year ago I was one of those ppl to say I'm not sharing personal information online. (so I never did)
Goodnight tweeters , have some personal issues to address with my little sis Cayley. (: shes so amazing in everyway . i love her <3
Dave Did U know my sister :] ?
Absolutely heartbroken
Carolyn is one of several preteens sharing the Alice in Wonderland role, in early June. (When I find out what date is hers, I'll tell.)
who could hate you?
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't ONLY want to get in my pants
To the group of teenagers hanging out in the park after dark and...playing trumpet, I salute you!
just returned from wonderful relaxing weekend at Marine on St Croix. It's been so long since I relaxed.
Serves 36-40 people: The Charles Woodson Veggie Tray w/ Dip, Only $21--call today to ensure it's ready for the big game!!!
So i do have to be drunk to enjoy Twitter? Of course, next day deleting can be quite a task.
bo... no more chloe for you :(
Jeremy Lin is KILLING it!
haha oh wow.. I thought you guys were gonna be me and my girls inspiration lol..btw what's up wit the car
move here! bring with you though :P
I hate when people say u think he would really do that for you?... Nd if so your stupid :(
yay okay sounds groovy
Jealous! I really want to see it.
Luckily, J has been so busy this weekend w his Grand, all have helped:) We typically don't have any help so yay!
You Are My Sunshine
THIS >> RT : Never assume you have exceeded your customer's expectations unless told otherwise.
Teachers aren't salaried? How dumb are you?
"A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it." - Jerry Seinfeld "quotes
thanks! You're the best!
Does your wife need a face lift?...........On your home? we paint with surgical precision
We can�t survive on love alone, it�s the same for our #dogs too
25 more days until our fundraising kickoff event! We're still looking for volunteers, email us: If interested!
imm not sure, but he said he was for a surprise... when he is ill send you the link(:
really wow just sayin
I can provide invites to a few sites to see how it can be used for different setups. (Also can add blog or live database to it)
Well deserved gatorade bath for Romeo
thanks for checking us out
Haha. The cost of generic food is rising.
Next stop: NY Penn Station.
What if the tooth fairy is real...and its charlie sheen?
wish I thought up that scheme. 50¢ to crush your own money. Pure genius.
I love my bike!
Everybody can't go on the journey with you.
Ahh but really! #beatchurchwednesday RT : Need a dinner sesh with and pronto
Woah! Thanks for the heads up!
so so stressed out.
Public school advocates and ed tech entrepeneurs both accuse the other of being only interested in money
We stream all our TV through our XBox & can't imagine going back to regular TV & we're not the only ones!
Mayor Michael Nutter ought to be removed from office this instant!!! How dare he make fun of our respectful black youth. He is a disgrace!!!
: coolest startup at #launch IMO is Scoot: Zipcar for vespas, activated by docking your smartphone -- awesome!
VOTE YES.
Thanks for being a loyal fan of our tea! :)
I think we got it!
About to head to Cape Cod to play a worship set :)
Graduations make me so emotional. Even when they're not my own. Congrats to my brother from another mother today.
It will be exactly 24 hours long
Morning, tweeties! Live for everything and settle for Nothing.
The pleasures of life are in the simplicities it offers.
hey hugh, doing a fund raiser for a kids AIDS camp. Would you donate something for the silent auction?
Cooking channel has exciting recipes for quick and easy meals. Giada
I need your e-mail address to communicate about some art work for Nevermet Press. Please message me!
yes, of course!
I've been married for seven years.
RIP Gary Carter
Diller Room. Seattle, baby. Red eye back to ord later.
That's unhelpful.
yep, 2nd try. Obviously, no way I could create that error on my own. It was probably going to be the $1,000 winner too!
Is William Johnson on Twitter?
Watching some movie on cartoon network #IDEFK know what it is.
whoa u seem angry tonight friend everything ok?
Cyndi Lauper's new hit, "Girls Just Wanna Drop F Bombs"... anyone? Too soon?
The weeknd or frank ocean?
Hannity, who went after Cane with allegations, Perry? To early for dems involvement unless Obama wants to run against Romney.
folding my clothes finna take a nice long hot bath, I had enuff for today
Music is a universal language !!!
what if it's Littlefinger? You would totally love him.
i tlked to dymez. i think we waitin a lil bit so we can plan it out a little better.
chi city
thank you! And I know tell me about it -__-
“ “ I don't need to see God to know that He exists.””
Thought I was helping out a sheep come to find out it was a wolf, and the worst part is it bit me and it hurts!!!
Walkng around a cemetery was kind of odd for all of us.
that looks good
What a beautiful day! Phila Science Festival is packed with fun activities through the 29th. 7 PM Trocodero film tickets to first reply.
Okay so the people and friends are fun but the bowling is lame
You gonna stuff that chicken?
I was going to tweet about how my English paper is due tonight, and I'm not even close to done, but then I realized that it's my fault.
Having half a box of junior mints fall out in your purse is every girls nightmare. Chocolate goo on everything
what did I say? Lol
Visit on Monday for a delicious Indian pop up dining experience. (tweet correction) MY Mondays are booked thru March
Please follow our blog! If you are into Hip Hop and R&B then this is for you! Polynesian Hip Hop and R&B will be posted from our site.
Thank you!
I need to direct my cranky/ragey. Off to do a little flasher thing. I'll post it in a half hour.
maybe i will finally take time and set up and be active on this....maybe
RT : The undergraduate film festival is tonight in from 8-10 PM! Don't miss Your Take, #BU!
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real #potential. #Peace Pilgrim
Ha ah fuck you.
UM's Hunter Lochmann tells 1290WLBY: "I've never seen this before but I can assure you it's not a mascot & we have no plans to go there."
Dontari Poe has the wig of the 2012
Look, I get it. Comics are for boys, so all the toys for Avengers are Hulk, Iron Man, Thor and Cap. Is it too much to ask for Black Widow?
Giving blood at UC blood drive.
My neighbors play their music really loud...
I wanna see someone I know on cops
Rokkincat's des thinks about bowling 24/7. Thoughts? Bowling league?
Nothing like the sound of ocean waves...
haha so many people would be screwed
Tony Parker has 23 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 88-75 with 8:44 left in the game.
More now, less later
I could see that.
Rob Michaels Live on iBand.me!
Textn him until my eyes close. . .
Trying to remember my childhood. Trying to remember last nights blackout.
ha! I get that at the college too!
#nw sponge bob
Thanks for sharing that man. I want to get Courtney and Joe Pat next week to call in. Talk about district play.
Phone on the fritz from repetitive dropping. Been an #iPhone user from day 1 but that #Samsung Galaxy Note is looking intriguing. Thoughts?
Gotta A Test In Algebra 2 Tomorrow . Blah
I rather be weird AF than boring as hell
what time do arrive? 9:45 am here.
I be hitting everyone's blunt swear !
Just after 1pm on the Eastern Shore. You know what I was just thinking? It's time for one of you to pick up a conference pass for
For Da Ladies Only
You are the vine and we are the branches, nourish and grow us in you. ~RT
Just picked up our cookies too.Don't understand why they sell during the cold months.How do u go door to door in the snow?!
Merry Christmas. Turns out these Spiderman underoos I asked for are a little small. But I'm wearing them anyway.
well u have to eat a bit more to fuel your body through work outs.
