Good Morning. :) You should have some Grape's for breakfast.
heh, he did that badly last year?
My three old knew to call a timeout in that spot.
that was a decent tweet, but let's stress more on the fact that I literally can "save lives"
Ok, so in everywhere but MA, Patriot's Day is not even a thing. I shouldn't care. Still wish I had the day off like Diana.
6 miles gets easier and easier every time I run them
Out of work, sun is blazin', pumped to clean the house. Fuh-yah!
Wednesday's Bonus Point: Visit the South Madison Metropolitan Planning Council Office. Put a link to their website in your photo caption!
anything less than video of you first session is unworthy.
#Medeco - we've got our first winner already. MEDECO = MEchanical DEvelopment COmpany. Thanks Fran!
LOVE IT!!!!!! I will have no excuse to be in a bad mood tomorrow.
Thanks Tony!!
Wow #Scandal was awesome tonight, did not see that coming and he was so nice on Eli Stone!
I enjoyed some great premier league action today War ManCity
ha ha. I trust him. is a wise man, very, very wise man. Plus, the internet never lies.
Its Official Getting The Drake Album 2 Morrow After School.M.P.
Maybe the benefit in old music apps is posting unreleased tracks for Fan-only content.
Do you like surprises?? Surprise your friends and family with a fun afternoon or night- Relax-we've got you covered-you look like a Star
20 years ago today I gave birth to a beautiful, sweet, fun-loving baby girl. Happy birthday, Jessie! I miss you!
wut it do twitter! once again, itz ya boy One Shot
Im watchn it at home on my sofa in front of my 17 inch tube telly lol where u watchn it? They dont show it at the bars,do they
That includes Evolution - the "Big E word"
People should join rp because they're awesome and they need more guy characters!
The more I visit mchenry row, the more I realize how anti-urban its public spaces are. It's not enough to just put buildings close together.
That one dude is so icy... yet he hasn't even signed a contract yet
subscriber rates for ESPN have to go up after this round of overpaying conferences, they should throw in LHN for free
that would not help because in the movies the Cowboys never run out of bullets.
Follow us on twitter, twitter.com/tourstoptv
hey beautiful :) how goes the dating pool?
got some of your pics on FB bro! Hope you have a great weekend!
5 to 9 tomorrow morning find out about the new way to visit an inmate at the Clackamas County jail
Mfs is on OKC dick sucking the skin off they shit
Just wondering if any of the people running for RNC really understand technology or are just politicians.
Playing tonight with come hang with us
We have a huge benefit show coming April 1st! Fashion shows, live musical performances and great surprises and giveaways! Keep checking in!
This is wonderful. Forwarded to my former prof who had us recite the lord's prayer in OE every morning.
Happy Mothers Day (: have a good one!!
Happy Holidays to All!
Wait guys, what's Austin's kik?
thank you and glad to be in touch!
My dad told me that we're going to Europe in the spring:)
Happy Birthday Carrie, early :)
If looks could kill.
Strippers name is jada, gotta tip this one lol
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can co-exist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams, who helped found the franchise in 1989
Yea .. That what I said
dreadfully out of shape, but felt good to be running NYC bridges again
Without the Redheads, Brunettes and Blondes would the world still turn? Thank God for all the beautiful Women on earth. Keep spinning.
I rather befriend sluts than liars.
Of course. I am pretty old.
Lmfao I posted one of my statuses on ur fb wall.. -_- so embarrassing!
That sad moment when I've lost my Bieber fever so I cant enjoy 's 18th birthday :(
Klout: identities getting confused with avatars://t.co/2aqK7J8I
Smoked Porter on tap.
Poor John Connor--he took a hard left turn at Skynet.
Let's Go Caps! RT : Too stressful watching the Caps game alone I'm going to to get away
He's a valet in the game and he must be winnin'?
I think we might do that :)
Built a custom Facebook Fan Page for Melloy Dodge. Put their page up & they secured an appt the same day. They sold the car that weekend!
Smdh RT : Caught these big girls recording another big girl shake her butt outside our window and that's all I could say
I feel like im getting sick :(
I'm off to Japan :D
thanks for the RT!
you can fit in that car? even without all the presents!?
add: tolerate the rodents living in your roof
We are on our way over to the HCC candidates forum. Just finished nocking doors.
Haha no homo on that last tweet. I just appreciate and respect ambition.
That moment when you're so tired from taking a nap that you feel like you have to take another nap to get over your nap.
when you Anna go just hum , I'll go with !
Going to #dsum12. How about u?
want a shout out ?(: <3
Ugh... I need some in my life. LIKE NOW.
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
We support our Brother in faith & prayer & his new album release #ShakeHeaven! Purchase on iTunes TODAY!
that sounds horrible
looking up recipes for dinner tonight. I had to push the "children can make the dish" link so I know I can make it
Hey! It was good, not great. Kind of cliche'd nowadays. I'm reading The Left Hand of Darkness now!
Why do people not understand the Revolutionary War was really a civil war?
I know how you feel with missing everything... I spend the day with the inlaws and missed it all... Oh well.
3rd we tweet the video link w/ a of the person that sent us the video. we will also tweet what is the video is about.
Whirlwind of a day: early coffee w/Mike Honkamp of followed by morning meeting with M&I- a part of BMO Financial Group.
i want to go skip through the tulip fields in the netherlands.
lol hey, I just may!
how much do you have the Celtics winning by?
Food... uh yea I don't share (:
lmfao nana gets on my nerves !! xD <3 love this bitch though .
The guy with the leg brace sprints when he sees green held out a window. “: Thats a character builder”
That would be sick! :D
time for nicky baseball to end the inning
i think ill stick with the lighter :)
RT 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant each day. RT If you like bacon.
Tick Tock, one of critic Paul Pritchard's "most memorable indies of 2010" will screen in a 700 seat theater at Toronto Independent FF.
thanks for folling me :)
NCAA is such a BS organization... it needs to go away.
**WANTED** Lead Audio Designer - Canadian based A Developer, for more info contact .uk
So hard goin back to work today after all the #celebrating. I'm #sick & its #raining.Pretty much explains the level of #energy I have today.
Why is this happening
Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info:
Going to bed, G'night :)
“: Yelling! LOUD NOISES! (Anchorman reference) #sixers”YES
hearing songs that Austin covered and automatically thinking of him.
I have some great deals on computer memory. If your computer is old and put-puting along consider a RAM upgrade. It will do wonders...
If God was tailgating, he'd down a couple brats!
Yes it is lol!
Rise and shine!
We sure is!
you're thinking about Penn State.
#Travelgrace for my BF Friedel. Cant wait until I hold him. !!
do we ever truly get a say in that?
love your blog!
I usually just block those.
Thanks to everyone who came out to The Delancey on Friday it was a blast. We are going to start working on the recording of our next album!
About to start our DevOps panel. Direct your heckles to , , , ; Questions to
So. The problem w/being all productive and busy bee in the morning is...z. Seriously. I'm not sure I can even stay awake for Castle.
Don’t just get things done; get the right things done, and done right.
if we feeling they really should perform we will invite them.
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
:'( Also, what's being said about the new stadium?
That's the reasoning given when to women women who want to learn to code. They should get over being told they'll suck!
In every anime i watch, the word "perv" always has to come up in there somewhere...
IfWomenDidNotExist There would be no reproduction! We wouldn't exist!
#YouGetPointsIf you dont have a pre-determined opinion of men because of a past mistake and love Adventuretime :D
did you make it? :-)
We are currently making memories worth rewinding
im fantastic at holding goats. Truly an expert. Hahaha
I truly understand your loss. My condolences.
Also #checkout this website out if you want to purchase any of your #favorite fitness apparel, equipment, supplements, games and MORE!
Don't be a tease, send me the link!
Bring some people to The Garage tonight! Tonight we are raising the EZRA STANDARD! This is going to be good! 7pm!
auto mechanic! Astronaut! Luge racer! What, you had something else in mind?
Fyi: stop feeding these young kids all that fast food junk and candy.....set the tone early
no homo hml in the am I'm still at my cuzzo crib # tipsy
agreed. I saw on day in a week series of a Toronto photographer's life for 16 yrs. He went thru all kinds of stuff, very cool.
Raji's sack = the dagger?
Thanks for following us!
Have fun and good luck!
": Hey VO peeps....you should def take advantage of of services to your advantage...pass it on"
Grl I can get you wetter than a pool Hotter than the sun have you love dumb lookin silly as a fool
Yeah ! I sent you what they said!
I got a dollar
Headed south on i-15 towards wildfire and traffic mess. Updates on fox5vegas.com.
Contest winner packages will be sent out this week!!
: The nails are the pregame. Maggie I think you know what we are doing Saturday!
Arrived in Champaign - by rental car - after lightning strike, aborted landing, and incident-free but nerve-wracking return to O'Hare!!!
Love is a four letter word
: Q2: Which British rock star explained: "I smash guitars because I like them"?
i need followers.
I bet that can be unpleasant too :/
Finally! A new, compelling answer to why Y! AB needs multiple name support: migration, physical, between locales with different scripts.
Looks like the incorrect Twitter handle bug is fixed now. If you tried to sign up before w/ a wrong twitter handle, please try again.
Been great seeing my friends like Mike, Alexandra, Jack and Kurt and everyone! I have the best friends in the world... all about quality!
Nehemiah wasnt at school today c;
Happy National Coming Out Day!!!!!!
Thank you!
mama i emailed you already =)
Just drove :)
so I hear 😒 haha. Spaghetti and meatball night?
Yeah im sad i wish we could be still on tinychat :(
lol I know cutie thought I'd make ya laugh. 😉
Night Wes xo's
One more quick #FF to good peeps you should know & my wife
FYI: George Zimmerman's defense attorney used to be on MADTV
lol, sorry for the late reply I was showering
<------needs something sweet right bout now.
Omg omg omg
I fail just because I thought your question was made up. I had to google it.
I need to meet rihanna
Protect your relationship with God like you would protect your home...Let no outside forces change your desire to please the All-Mighty God!
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. -William Congreve
Check out the website, listen to the music, buy the albums and sign up for our mailer! Dont be afraid to send some feedback
In TX we call that
. Just ordered Dreams of the Ringed Vale.
Haha, good times.
did my first show as a bioqueen last night. you inspire all women, biological or otherwise.
you're welcome
Congrats!! RT congratulations on the grammy nommy!
LET'S GO BOYS!
PLUM is gearing-up to announce the launch of our new site. Stay tuned!
I hate having Insomnia -.-
I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them.
dvring it! Can't wait to see
Time for Rampage to get into movies lol! Game over!
I'm just gonna settle this now. Tan, numba 1 rule of ghetto, can't stand with your legs crossed! #pigeontoe lol muah!
Well, The Big 4th of July Weekend is Wnding Down and I Hope Everyone had a Great One.
The best way to build trust right away with someone new is to go into the conversation with enough room for both.
Looking forward to the Oscars!
Dude, I'll be in truck-stops nationwide any day now. Kundalini Foxworthy, dude! I'll make a mint! Numerology!
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Who invented that universal sound Alarm clocks make in the morning bruh?
I need to find what might be mine, just let me go this time.
and it actually helped! Much better than my last run at 9 am on Sunday.
does that include the boot?
keep hearing Braun decision coming today or tmrw
Bowyer one of several to suffer fate
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life. I can only be joyful and whole. ~ Hans Bos
My sisters First Communion was today. #Church was extra lomg
justin beeber who ;-)
thanks! Just checking because kpbs is off
If you met someone who has never heard a Country Music song, what would be the first country song you played them?
UK SC rules in the Rainy Sky S. A. v Kookmin Bank case concerning issues of construction of shipbuilder's refund guarantees: [2011] UKSC 50.
cocoa butter...
#final #fantasy is so great I am loving #ff13 on the
Hey! Where'd my last tweet go?
“: Damn hispanic girls have some nice asses 👍👌 #justsayin chicas” 😉😉😉
Question Of The Day: ("Black Men")……
For those of you who doubt any pronunciations in the #50shades series, may I ask you to check Merriem Webster to make sure YOU'RE not wrong?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We don't have "legal separation." For court orders to govern a separation, a spouse must file for divorce.
There are no good girls gone wrong, just bad girls found out
To me, the Alchemist is the craft beer wave. Rising perpetually to push away the common, the passionless w/a grace only found in cool waters
Thanks so much Ken.
welcoming on board Michael Mccraw who will represent Alabama
Maybe it's a rejected Dr. Seuss rhyme?
Good luck. I wish you the best. Florida isn't a part of that lotto system - I think Georgia is the closest state to buy tickets
#10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who still open the car door or hold a door for you on occasion..
"Pay me for my work, but I don't do it for the money" - Vanna Bonta
GREAT idea!!
Did anyone take photos of the Ludacris concert? We're looking for photos for the blog. Email us at , thanks!
Tweet me ;)
If only I had a guitar >:/
yes! Typhoon was a stand out of the day. Great showcase Red Ryder!
Happy New Year All!! May everyone be blessed with Health, Happiness and Prosperity the whole Year through. Happy 2012!!
"I fashioned this guitar out of an old canoe"
what's good lil bra
1 more hour and I'm outta here Leggo
god damn it feels good to be a jayhawk!
AUCI - Good time to bid sit in the mid .002's..
Come on Buccos, .500 is there for the taking!
Be sure to eat at the Tin Angel while you're in Salt Lake! Ask Carol about it :)
love my Panerai! Sporty and dressy! Thanks!
are you ignoring me? LOL. dms. (:
#Follow SlimRoyale - funny guy!
: yes he should put more regulation on the banks.he also needs to enforce the ones in place now.we can't afford to keep bailing out.
MY FRIENDS COUSIN IS EMMA OSTILLY. WUT.
" Oh, and if you forgot your username as well, it's saleem." Ha! Stellar password reset just schooled me. Zing!
yes you did :-p
you tell him sealver
he know who u do. He knows u best. Good looking out Ran
goodness! From who? But yeah I did
What are you doing this Satruday? Come to the Badass Business Women Anniversary Party. We work hard, but we play harder!...
follow back g
To lead the people, walk behind. ~ Lao Tzu
dang. Well let me know once he gets to dville, and when visiting hours are. I'll go break him out of there.
Wing night. My fuel. Mi raizon de etre. the reason i put a girdle on every morning.
It's a great day to be alive in Fort Worth, Texas. Get out and enjoy the weather. Gus from Lonesome Dove was right.. It's about living....
Watching USA Mans Soccer in world cup qualifying. USA is up 1-0 late in game
right now, I really just want to talk to you, to hear your voice, and to see your smile. LOL JK! there's nobody like that here.
you Better do that it'll be sick nasty awesomeness!!!
CVC video: Are we facing a surplus of veterinarians? Dr. Mike Paul weighs in the implications of the increasing number of veterinary scho
My one love my one heart my one life for sure , I'ma tell you one time
As always, has beautiful slides that emphasize the concepts he's presenting.
hey there its ok I know ur on the move, just wanted to make sure I said the name correctly b4 I recorded. Hit me when ya can
i just saw the video to incondicional the video is so cute i love it! & u were looking good like always
Alot of my friends they turned fake,when they found out what I made so far this year..#jhigh ballin bih
I put my hands together and put them in the air, thanking god knowing you will always care
Gelatin Squirts.
incredible, I'm just trying to get my hands on the documentary!
how did you get your nikes with those initials?
Im kid's Ballgame while other 2 r performing 4 #faf dinner theater. Im gettin texts like crazy telling me how awesome my girls r doing!
Sorry to hear that; happened to me a few years back - HSBC was fast & great, but felt very invasive
Re: vols.... we're always looking, and I think we fit the profile.
Where u goin? RT : Oh I'm finally done packing. Now I can watch tv.
hey, I love you :) I wore red pants too school today and got so many compliments #thankyouforbringingbackredpants <3
good night Niall I love you! :) stay beautiful x
tales more than that to make you blush, Solo!
Some guys now these days and their fucking nerve -___-
Clearspending.com announced at #g2s. When .org steps in a helps gov't.
The lucky 30 Twitter accounts will get a very special Easter surprise!
Is uncontrollable.. He does as he pleases.. Luckily you have domesticated him.
they need more speedos like right now lol
Shared via from Sidney Harman Hall: Getting some culture with the fam watching pilabolous
no Im alive. Ill be done Babysitting around nine. Maybe ill give you a call
Happy Momma's day! I love my momma a lot! :D
GIRL ARE YOU OKAY RT : A 5.9 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chile near the city of Valparaiso.
State b-ball tommorow
idk u spoke spanish.
Obama secures his lock on the gay vote, simultaneously loses the defensive, self-loathing latent homosexual vote
Thank you! That's a great idea.
when they coming to NAPTOWN there A lot of fans here
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror that doesn't match as much as you want it to so just change
Getting a dancing penguin as a pet and naming it Channing Tatum.
I just don't see it yet.
#teamfollowback I'm not one of those annoying spammers but I will follow you back
thanks for visiting the blog!
Damn , what did you do to them hahaha.
RT Happy Halloween! Thanks !!
#estedinners are open if you're free. East Sacramento Tuesday Enclave
did you like the Hunger Games film?
There's not a snowball's chance in hell id give up those hine parts.
We will have a meeting with a manager of Mason Dining tommorow!
Greenhouses are for making warm, humid microclimates for cold-sensitive plants. Not really needed in Texas.
Happy 18th Birthday Justin!!! Hope you have a wonderful day(: Forever and Always a #BELIEBER <3
good luck with your interview - i know you'll hit it out of the park!
great thanks for reaching out!!! If you could email , we can talk further Much appreciate it!
ABDC7 you gonna watch all the dance crews tear up that stage
Finally have wireless on our mac. We're almost settled into our new place. Sorry for the delays in responses and thx for your patience.
R.I.P Chuck Brown
The avaliable porta-poties during the event will be on the 600 BLOCK OF MIFFLIN STREET
Are you two still in ?
Have you tried using Paper for note taking?
nevermind alright, thanks.. but follow me back tho
alright that's it. so many gifs. i am in love with 18 year old omg
Know exactly what you want from donors: "How much, how many, how often, and why."
Who's running in the #NYCMarathon this Sunday??
Have people gone totally nuts?
Auto correct changed Dreamhost to Dreamboat, which is ironic considering how many times all my sites have been down this month.
are you avail for an interview? goes up on mashable
he asked how U were doing! Asia always Ccing me on tweets. Hi Trey.
It is so hard to pack for 45 degrees when it's 85. I'm thinking, "I won't really need my coat, right?"
May 1952: 4 paintings by WSC displayed at Royal Academy Exhibition: On the Var, Cannes Harbour, Ramparts over Rhodes, Sunset over Jerusalem
I'm a happy, lucky girl. Thankful for family, rock'n'roll and you. Happiest Thanksgiving lovely friends!!! xoxo
'Kobe, he's your problem now.' Sincerely, The State of Indiana. MT : #MettaWorldPeace elbow. What was your reaction?"
I LOVE WHEN THINGS DONT WORK OUT!
Watching the #thrilling finale of the #Championstour Liberty Mutual Insurance Legends of Golf and trying to decide what to make for
RT : Geofencing -- cool, but not practical at this point. Need to have phone on, looking at phone, etc. Better to target...
If you can attend any #PRSSA or #PRSA events, you should. You can exchange ideas, attend workshops, & network! They're fantastic.
get at me when you come thru Atlanta, maybe we can get together and rap about getting you involved in the Xtamina movement
Thanks, Rick!
DM me or Tweet me back
good for you! Happy for you
working sucks....especially working overnight!
Ha! RT : Hypothetical for you Democratic loyalists: Would you rather have Rod Blagojevich or Jerry Sanders as mayor of SD?
Having someone to talk to when u can't sleep
When you coming back to NYC I would love to buy tickets to see you do stand up
lol I thought you were marrying Raven and/or ?
or just one of 282 people issued tickets as of 5:50pm. As Mr. Miagi said "best defense no not be there".
Yes, she is a virtuoso. Maybe she could go on tour?! "Nina Totenberg LIVE: Readings from your favorite Supreme Court sessions!"
Oh no.
me too
sounds like Gucci too!
How do you expect to make money?
=sun and better bright eyes to you =
We can reach great heights together.
I think that look was popular. I was rocking something similar. #kidnplayiscomingback Are you posting AAU pics this year?
When people chew like a horse& thinks it's cute
How many times can u say f@#% in one episode lol
Do it! RT : Wisconsin, exercise your rights today: VOTE
Lots of birthdays today. Happy Birthday to & Have a great day!
Where's your favorite spot on the island to enjoy a refreshing beverage?
; idk why i said that lol but i been good. You?
RT : Son: Daddy, what's gay? Dad: It means happy. Son: Are you gay? Dad: No, I married your mother.
their 80's is our 70's!!
k, but you better not be canceling CP!
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
Tomorrow will be live! The drunk lawn guy drove into the dish.... It's all good now, except the cranky engineer ;)
Neck and back hurt alot./:
“: I wish at least one guy would treat me right 😭😢💔” give it time. The right guy will come.
#ITAOTC would b nothing w/o Chefs JoachimSplichal THNX
Seriously, who gives a huge test two days before the final? So much to do
thanks for the mention! It's great to continue highlighting the diverse communities interested in
We'd love to know who you follow that inspires you professionally!
Q2 this is the first I have heard of #NaNoWriMo but now my brain is churning with ideas about how to promote it!
I'm always at the gym this early in the morning...but as a #freerunner the world is my gym :)
I have more SPAM on my social media accounts than the mini mart in Austin, MN. QUIT IT!
veteran, entrepreneur, BMXer, graphic designer, photographer, righteous dude. Who are you? (;
Dear pacific northwest, I miss you already.
I've got 2 Mothers hiding their Daughters for Failing to Appear. Hows that for Parenting 101? #KC #POLICE Agent Potter PLS RT
audio or video?
Thats what Im talking about!!!
Something feels off center while taking medication with beer... Oh well, I'll try it again in another 12 hours
That's legit shit, bro (;
Some of my friends are waking up.. Some of my friends are about to go to bed.. lol. Awkward
my friend saw that someone like you cover my austin was favorited on youtube, and goes "omg you like austin mahone? me too!"
applying for a Fallbrook Library public art project. soon as i'm done twitterizing
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
At my high school there was nothing more socially acceptable than carrying a Bible around all the time and preaching (to me).
#FF did you know that our very own Ryan Butler runs a recording studio? Check him out for all of your audio needs!
Y'all can run a ride now. That's what I'm talking bout.
brain fried
Thank you so much for having the Soulful Sisters Social Club...we really enjoyed the show!
Welcome to Twitter... Make sure you tweet a lot so that I am always updated :) All the best!!!!
"Olivia Strong needs to calm the fuck down." - Best thing in my life. ;)
The knee is still borked from running the Chicago Polar Dash 1/2 marathon this past weekend.
I knew those damn 4SQ check-ins would come back to bite me!! LOL
pssssss u ask
I still have a beard.
What would you do for a Klondike bar? ;D
cold? in poland is warm :) so you come here! haha ♥ yes i know who is
Just got back from a recording session with Bonnie Hayes. The new song "Sad Cafe" is coming along very well.
Which presidential candidate will be the first to engage voters using LINE?
My daughter & her Beau are going to Seattle v Portland next Saturday...OFF THE HOOK!
Thanks to I'm on top of my biz w/new tech & media!
• Yeah but you're probably being sincere. I'd just like everybody to SETTLE DOWN. Wait, Tropicana Field? When?
": I hate broken promises..." don't we all...but gotta live wit em and let others karma take its tole on them..
thought my twitter name was "snoozygirl" LOL! No. It's Superman.
At the post office. Long line, but my loins are girded. Being in the castro, my groins should also be visible.
Although I'm going to miss Morgantown, I can't wait to be home for 4 months :)
Good Morning #atl! We are ready for the BIGGEST #cnndialogues to date!! Follow along this evening w/ #cnndialogues or
In 1990, the FDA approved certain lasers for use on soft tissue that promise less pain, less noise and less fear in dental procedures.
Congrats! You'll OWN that program!!!
In days of research I've realized that the 3 dots (...) are over used. I think I need to start having classes on how to use them
Thank you! That is very nice.
#celticschat The celtics have got to rebound in this game, or we are going to lose.... and trust me i dont want to lose.
Essential tool for anyone in Sales & Marketing. Watch educational video at www.sendoutcards.com/pcguru
...life is what you make it homie...
it grows on you - took me 2.5 years but i actually like a few songs now.
Is it your phone vibrating or mine?
Tell people your middle finger hitting the bottom of your hand is what makes the snapping noise if you encounter an awkward silence today.
@ the house coolin
He loves Australia
Yes, I know. Hence the update at the bottom and the edited headline.
i want to know what's going in that pretty little head of yours where everyday's a bone place ballet
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will #quote Chuck Palahniuk
Ha! Romney said, "Cuba is bad because they're Communist." Let's hope China doesn't get angry and then sell us to Vietnam.
just literally lol'd at you 'learned to drive' quip!
Tennessee Williams also would have been 100. Reagan was interesting but I'm glad Williams was part of my world.
National Public Housing Museum will tell fantastically American stories.
RT : We're aware people are experiencing some difficulties w/ Gmail, we're working to fix it ASAP. IMAP & HTML view are workarounds.
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sipping
I'll be able to hear it from my room, I'm sure...so I could just stay here.
She hates no one, but if two ppl are in love, they BETTER be a man and a woman because HER "god says so". Sickening
tat my name on you so i know it's real
Hemings family was the largest enslaved family at Monticello.
Why so? What's a chocolate faerie?
Hi Emily! - from through the wall!
obviously you do enough to RT & reply .
Ive accepted that the only thing that I'll accomplish today, is liver damage.
I know Barney was usually unemployed but wouldn't it be easier and cheaper if he bought his own box of cereal instead of stealing Fred's?
“: Don't tell your business, handle your business!”
Next on the , joins us for a preview of Fins Weekend and the team's offseason workouts.
Hope you are all enjoying this hot & beautiful weather!
FAME in San Jose is cracking as always. Community and youth is out here deep. Things look good for everyone :)
Overall this was one of 's best #SOTU Addresses. A definite A-. Solid content and humility but a bit to much saber rattling.
#wwe 12 kick ass and go play it woo woo woo
Maybe now we should look in to malaria or salmonella that seems to kill so many more then Swine Flue did in one day in the 3rd world??
can you help me get more followers...i follow back
glad you had a good time 😄
Just changed my profile picture :-)
A glass-half-full response! :)
awesome article on teacher leaders.
does Leino have a chin like Leno?
Now some 2Pac "I get around" - bout to do work on the pitch today. I feel a Paul Scholes kinda day coming! Let's go!
There's no place like home...(laughing)
Thanks. My 19 year old daughter is the journalist and she's heartbroken. It's a hard business, but this was her 1st article.
It's safe to say that I'm going to look like hell at work today.
Sophie is going to the banquet.
Ay!!! S/O to Follow her ass! Her beats are dope.
Next, a shoutout to ! Thanks so much for following me! You were my 991th follower :) Thanks!
and his reply was... and your point i can tweet what i please .. lol Yes you can, and I can also block you. :)
plain wisdom
i'm a little behind. you're hiring again?
get home dammit
Been working on place, needs work but its all worth it. Feels cozy and cabin-like to me. <3
So, the #Redskins drafted Kirk Cousins to create unnecessary competition w/ RG3. That franchise just doesn't get it.
who can I come live with this summer
How's life? =) Good, we hope?
THIS WEEK WINNER!!! Congratulations to Jenna Tran from our Hercules office! She won a $25 gift card to the Gap store!
Just got home.
you spelled my name with one t
How does a head butt not warrant an in person hearing, yet Keith's check did? Not part of the game ever.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I wish! I am wide awake.
I could only imagine...we are neighbors lol
-Started listening @ work. Great mix, we're diggin' it!
you're welcome :)
I'd be floored if Dietz isn't the Week 1 starter RT is there really anyone that seriously challenge him for the starting spot?
hahah thank you so much! yeah i was gonna say that sounds painful! =p
Time for presents! Wait...is this a birthday...or?
Motivos team is split tonight. 6 are enjoying the Phillies/Marlins game (Go Phils!) and 3 just landed in Chicago en route to Seattle.
Lights were off it would come out of my closet and go back and fourth from one side till I turned on the lights , glad its gone
Well you really suck
Wait, since when did rejoin the Twittersphere? Are cows flying? Planets exploding?? T-minus one week until NYC visit.
Full nite of guitar playing ahead of me..
Wow! Korean Zombie vs Poirier fight is crazy!
Scholarships at Purdue are reserved for basketball....
Chris Stires' REBEL NATION. Backlist due for new edition next year, so I'm looking for blurbs in my other incarnation. LOL
Thank you for sharing my gratitude! What a nice thing to do.
When life hands you lemons, add Vodka.
thats awesome!!!! well deserved. So what do they get?
Aw pretty pretty
please don't do it
ole fat ass go make your own sandwich
-- No, not since college, and I really needed the money
Hows the apartment hunting going? I have a ton of places in Boston if you're interested. Jason, Proper Realty Group 617-756-3029
Taking the Pueblo Bonito University course. I stayed at the Emerald Bay/Mazatlan property. They are the only A 4 Diamond property in MZT.
Tonight's Special:Honey Brined Pork Chops w/ Dijon Mustard Sauce, Mashers, and Asparagus. Secret Special:$2 Red Stripes until they're gone!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~H.A.
that would be kind of cool. RT : #goldrush HEY HOFFMAN CREW, hire Parker next year!!!!
All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm. Be there or be square....
Do you realize that the clicks and grunts you consider a coherent sentence only makes sense to you?
hey I'm following you but you not following me :(
What's happening tonight? Star gazing family day , 12-5, Planetarium presentation and lots of amazing stars.
So I'm on a delayed train and my ass has to be at work in 3 hours. FML
I was the same way and haven't changed a bit lol
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
And then there was that one time that I woke up in a fit of panic at 3:20am and realized that getting back to sleep is going to suck.
Happy Tuesday everyone. :)
I mean, did ANYONE hate meatloaf? It was like some sort of weird media conspiracy.
well done mate, once more..
Quit screwing around and start following
We'll take a look. Shoot us an email with an example URL.
how many more followers until 400?? :) Xx
Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to u. Not because they aren't nice, but because u are nice. Dont try to b who ur not
In studio working..
Greek festival timee!!!!
is one of the most prettiest REAL girl on twitter
Please email us at to tell us more about what happened.
Right. <eyeroll > In other news (& reading your old tweets), San Fran in Oct. is beautiful. Jealous. Eat sushi and lots of it.
Watching previews Me: When does that come out ? : hold on let me rewind it ! Lmfao
Partnerships between Wikipedia & museums should be about mutual benefit - not bragging!
Oomf is real pretty
#KCED "the love affair with accountability is an addiction" -
Yay! Your response is pretty much the BEST valentine EVER! thank you Clay! My nephew loves to imitate your ground and pound lol
...and hope that people will think twice about going where, for 360 days out of the year, you are not welcomed.
lol have fun with that lol
Nietsche said many years ago: #Education is what you learn from school, from home & most importantly between school & home.
urban dictionary might be helpful.
Oh bummer.
once a month or so you should have been letting the batt. drop below 20% and then full recharging. This helps keep it working
Grateful! RT : Gorgeous, carefree LA morning. Can't help thinking there are so many places where today is not a good day.
. When you factor in methane released by fracking, natural gas may actually produce more greenhouse gas than coal.
- You are so loved and appreciated my dearest Shauntiel!
I'm interested in hearing more about the internships. Would you mind sending me more information? Feel free to DM me. Thanks!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
with Busta Rhymes... I could see that.
To eat guac and chips at 4am or not eat guac and chips at 4am...THAT is the @$@%!$ question.
YOU ARE THE ULTIMATE WOMAN !!
SOURCE Spring Series starts TODAY - 5:00 - 6:30! Can't wait to see you there! xoxoxoxoxo
Why do hotel rooms always get so hot when you're trying to get ready
We are continuing shooting tonight, make sure to stay tuned! And check out our blog www.elephilms.tumblr.com for pictures from last night!
You guys are awesome, i wish you the best of luck possible at the auditions!
Very. And my friend got a jalapeno burger, which was even better.
Beautiful - that's how mercy saw me. Not what I was, but what I could be- that's how mercy saw me.
Thank u to all my new followers.
I did that shit like 4 years ago bro got bank
I'm very sorry, something is causing my twetter to go haywire.
Kei was great and he's scheduled for another reading. Hi back!
Yeah I thought you looked familiar :)
Sound so good!!!
how do you figure that out?
thank god.
won 15-0... I don't know whether or not to feel good or guilty
hell, through some sort of #vim wizardry I just managed to erase most of today's work and can't seem to get it back, this is frustrating
PROGRESS WAS MADE IN THE STUDIO AND I HAD AN AH HAH MOMENT OF CLARITY OF WHO I NEED N DON'T NEED IN MY LIFE.
Message to Daniel Guzman of Hammond Indiana from Mari I haven't heard from you in a while. Just wondering how you are doing. I know
I finally stopped procrastinating and have set up a meeting that will hopefully turn into a practicum in the fall...eek.
That's the plan....
Flu shot made me feel like shit. 💉
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money
Listening to music :)
GOD bless me in so many ways one thing I know he let me be with my Mother thank you Lord! I
Cameron has her 'Mary' hair back! Minus the DNA, of course.
Too many people at the gym today. Admire their spirit, but GET OFF MY TREADMILL! :) #They'llBeGoneByFebruary
Out shopping for #BlackFriday deals? Fuel up with some locally roasted #coffee. Our beans make great gifts, too!
shout out to our new followers #iSeeYou :)
Tomorrow's performances will take place in front of 2 #Lightscape planters: at State/Madison and State/Monroe.
What don't kill you make you STRONGER, stand a little TALLER!
haha! found you!
Struggle is a strong 3rd dimensional belief played out on this planet for lifetimes, but you aren't meant to struggle.
Yall hoes aint bout to bleach up my good denim.
人生、一期一会というじゃないの。出会いを大切にしようよ。 Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
ur so welcome!!
Ha I feel the same way about Chi, PHX and ATL
I just made an executive decision to not go to work today! Still in bed watching Big Texas marathon on my ipad!
time to go back to work...
Of Monsters and Men on Jimmy Fallon tonight! Hope I can stay up.
I miss my days in New York. Prep 4 Prep looks like a wonderful program. Would love to talk to you about my work.
you suck you know damm well that fight was paid for cause if it wasn't cotto would of whiped the ring with your ass!
can u follw me
The time will come when I'll be quiet drink hot tea in the kitchen, knowing that in my room, fast asleep, tired happiness.
How did Barney Frank get elected. He's being interviewed on CNN, right now, and his speaking is like nails on a chalkboard.
My stuff is in storage, so I can go anywhere, but I can't work from home.
Reality show in the works!
monetarily wise I wish I could but been here 10 years it's my home BUT you and you're wife should come up see me and stay for free
Looking forward to hearing what & have to say on ebooks
Despite how fashionable, I just can't fathom spending more than $50 on shorts. THEY ARE SHORTS!
You see things the way they are and ask why. I look at the way the world is and say, "fuck this stupid shit."
- I have a few more of these..
Wow, when was last time #DavisLoveIII led a tourney?
hey you!
probably just means food in baby text...
u in Seattle? Texted 2 people I thought were u already. Dm me your phone num
If you didnt receive our email about the fundraiser, send us a reply with your email, and we'll send it right out to you!
It's not Friday?
Watching #nysports tonight?! Order in from We #deliver! Try our ny style #pizza or #hale&hearty soups.
When I read "Motley Crue", I automatically read it in a British Accent... ._. c:
Super Baseball Simulator 1000 - 1990 Cincinnati Reds
Let us know if you give them a shot! :) RT: i would love to try those fudge dipped coconut bars
Exactly and misery loves company...some things should just be left at the discretion of God!
I'm a big fan of most genuine cat in the industry hands down
creating an account
Hanging with at LA live and I think he's finally converted to pull for wisconsin teams in NCAA tournament!
I thought the ET was a boy?
lol don't push me in thou lol
You've lived your entire life with ppl telling you that you're a 'fuck up'. And you fulfilled their prophecy. The good news is
my family used to live in illinois but they live in tenesse now
Muumuuu Publishing in NYC makes me want to lose 20 lbs, avoid sunlight for 6 months and live vicariously through an internet handle
#IbizaSaturdays 18+ FREE till 11! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Editor Harold Jaffe selected the winner(s) of the Blackness contest. We will announce the results next week once they are contacted.
Thoughts? That brew is amazing. I'm assuming that it's the 2011, yes?
its been to long and im lost with out you!! miss u granny!!
Name of spokesman at press conference?
that's correct!
There's a guy at work who basically said he finds me repulsive, and that's why we're not friends. It was one of the weirdest things ever.
You're very welcome. #FindSierraLamar ^v^
My roommate just asked me what "hakuna matata" is from -____-
i was jk i was drunk hahaha! Jk! Hell yes! Whole lotta chinagins going down!!!
good! How about yourself?
Time is really the only capital that any human being has and the thing that he can least afford to waste or lose. Thomas Edison
Tim only 13 yrs old he take forever to grow up lol he been 10 yrs old for like 500 yrs lol
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!! And I get a tweet please!?!?!?! I love you guys!
RT The Lakers need 2Call State Farm Tonight! Sh*t! We cld use the help!! Like a Good Neighbor! blink our ass out this Game! Lol
The awkward moment when you lean back to stretch and hit the girl behind you in the face with your calculator.
Guys are golddiggers too
I brought back some weasel (poop) coffee from Vietnam. Have you ever tried it? It's really flavorful.
Police cars remind me of you. I can't believe it's almost been a month. I love you, grandpa.
Too bad Memphis but should never have blown game 1 lead.
you're welcome. Glad to help out.
According to Baltimore bocce's official meteorologist (mike galvin) the rain will hold off till 7 50
Maybe a happy ending doesn’t include a guy; maybe it’s you, on your own, picking up the pieces and starting over.
I would love this to be one of the mandated topics of discussion b/c we truly are the face (reflection) of the school
New twitter name
I need the Rams to put up some points!
Okay; I'm up to date now. Whew.
Heres a tweet for all you twitter creeps who send me creepy porn links. #KnockItOff please stop.
my flight just got cancelled
So this looks like what all of my night is gonna consist of stayin in my car on twiitter better yet in VU ..-__- oh what a feelin
Woaahhhhh(; #bracesfree look at those perfect teeth :)
beer in cans would be even better for camping.
just asked for a Yellow Sobe to go. She was not thrilled.
RT : so formal! You are a scholar and a gentleman! Thank you kind sir!
If you say Durant is better than Lebron , you know nothing about Basketball..
What is wrong with U ppl. IT IS NOT FREE, SOMEONE HAS TO PAY FOR IT. Can you open ur mouth w/o spinning what the truth is?
Come Celebrate Tax Day at our Karaoke Night. The drink special all day I the 1040EZ!!!!! Happy hour 4-7pm then karaoke starts at 7pm!!!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!
because you are so old?
No homework :D n no school next Monday because it's labor day so yeah :P
best place for Buffalo Wings!
he's furious. Seriously.
10/19/1965: Irena Sendler honored as Righteous Among the Nations for her work in smuggling Jews out of the Warsaw ghetto
Did he bring any nurses home with him, LOL?
At in North Plano with the Birthday bash deals and tickets with Plus we have free
Follow me dammit!
Kiss open my eyes of awareness, one at a time, from the palm of my hand to the center of my inner elbow
If you don't love Sundays you're doing something wrong.
Text me though somebody.
good morning Kansas city! how are you?
#Investing in tax-efficient, individual brokerage firms can help minimize your tax bill.
Going to the store with my baby and his family ;)
Our jobs are for the people here. They have their own country, go sell drugs south of the border.
And, not to shill for the boss or nothing, but you could say the same of The Bridge, which came out several years ago now.
bitch shut the fuck up! how the fuck are you ghetto with a hiccup ???! you a stupid ass bitch and i hope you choke on yo spit.. but dont die
do we have licenses??
RT : "The best success is usually the one you risk the most to achieve." Unknown
My life is fucked up... I need an angel to talk to
"Son you are a slick operator" (referring to me snagging her number).
The people who you thought would never let you down are the ones who do it the most...
#Ireallywant to go to lunch right meoww
so you want me to call you????
Can’t wait for the #BreakfastofChamps to start on the Hill! The crowd is excited to hear from emcee !
Loved the Ted Talk. I went to Grad School to figure all that out. Good for you for getting it on your own!
Shop Local this Valentine's Day! and are some great options for those of you in the #portland area.
I need a hard sex
wow ..... that was deep
SMH...THESE PPL SAD...
Watching the Redbirds tear it up.
good stuff folks!
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to DANCE IN THE RAIN,<3
Yes they are. I finally think mine are safe with key masterlocks and a livewire (hav-a-hart electric fence) along the back.
well hello, stranger! Welcome to Twitter ..
Must be the first time my desktop has really been clear for a while... just noticed my bkgd pic is still a calendar of Sept.
ya i and i need you for my video too. not ... fuck you guys
I can't wait to have my book release party. It's go be fun.
thats the game the fans want to see in Feb 2013 my friend...
what happened?!
a baseball sounds great! Hopefully your team wins!
just outside my house
hi! would u mind giving me a shout out? omg it would be acuatlly aamazing :) if not its ok .
So good to also see and back in the fall.
People with #diabetes are at a higher risk for glaucoma - exercising, eating right, and controlling your diabetes can save your sight!
we tryna get it jumpin hit my phone
Gringrich paraphrases Santorum and says that in Obama's administration 'as long as you're America's enemy you're safe.'
Naaa - not all immigrants speak Spanish!
And they've been that price for a little while, I've been stalking. GAH airline prices make me batty.
Green Bay Packers
Shower time my nigg.
Stanley becomes the third player from Pierce County in Washington State to win on the PGA Tour. - Ken Still 3 times. Puyallup’s Ryan 1 time.
Don't let them trick you into taking off your pants. That's where it all goes wrong.
Just finished being on a panel for GhettoRise. Thank you Victoria for the ongoing invitation. US Stream TV Cynthia Harris
thanks for the #ff!
I tried to find them to use in cookies, but I couldn't :( had to use double stuffed instead.
Cheers to the UW Grads! Way to go!!!
give me that follow back
Its alright we'll get em' tomorrow! 
My Internet Talk show every Tuesday 10-11amPCT. Tuesday's topic Sept.27th "SEX: Weapon of Mass Destruction" www.Drrosie.com, live button.
SOX: Another great game from the #RedSox in support of Felix Doubront (6 IP, 3 H, ER). Second straight win over #Indians by 4-1 score.
#ThanksForNothing Sister wives....you're just weird
That said, there's no doubt that I feel different after three days of this, science or no. For good or ill, who knows?
Such great performance art! #clubs distastefully fascinating!
Let's face it.The only thing that really ties us all together-in the end-is Cher.
yea wen is it?
All religions are cults. But LDS is cookie. They wear magic undies.
i hope your enjoying your time in Europe! :-D
If you can't respect my grind then keep it pushing !
Colorado is too good
#tnla12 Use mainstream tools that non-library degree holders can use
tbh :You &Ana Look Just Alike
hearing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
": #literallytwogoodplayers" and one of them is broken.
that's what espnews old me. You are a feisty bears fan #toughcrowd #Cowboys #cowboys>bears :)
Biggest problem I see in books & stories: nobody to root for. There has to be at least one sympathetic character.
Congratulations, my friend. I am not at all jealous. Not. At. ALL.
you can still support on the digital end :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE!!! I hope you have a fantastic day!!! <3 You are amazing!!
As of 5 pm MPD say they've made 282 arrests... most were cite and release... most were for trespassing, underage, or open intox
You don't want it in Madden 12 !!! Dreams money can buy that video is a classic Perfect way to do it better then Drizzy shit . Love
thinking about how the effff im paying for college is probably the most stressful thing going on in my life right now
THX for mention! (cont)
She needs more beers! :)
Everytime you think your having the worst day...always remember someone else elsewhere is having 1 worse...
Honestly, I'm not trolling. Previously, you said wasn't including teachers. Now…he's saying good stuff. Confused.
And news was invented by the TV! They NEVER had news on the radio... o.O
": If you focus too much on your problems, you won't get to enjoy the good things in life."
Little Brother skit, "I'm your worst f*€king nightmare." Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
guess what?! it's the
The One Stop Shop For all Independent Artists! MusicalStop.com!!
I get that the post-apocalyptic trend is hot, but can we get beyond the agrarian anti-technology turn? Looking at you, Revolution.
not when you live in New York.
#Obama kills #Terrorist around the world and #Romney kills #Americanfamilies and
Trying for the first time. I love how many new food places there are in #FoBo now.
“When you know better you do better.”
Thanks Drew! Wish we were seeing you guys! Loved the Christmas card, it's on our fridge!
Creative airline revenue: your ticket purchase pays for your butt in seat but now it costs extra if you have legs
Afraid so. im scared. these r compressing spinal cord. cant even lift 20oz coke. on oxys and fetanayl patch. im ok
hello leiana and friends happy wednesday
Somewhere Over the Rainbow/Simple Gifts (Piano/Cello Cover) - The Piano ...: via
McFarland Heating & Air-conditioning Services Boston, Suburbs.
How do I get a big, glass lamp from PA to CA without it breaking or without spending a fortune?
1st attempt at woodneck pourover coffee at home was a little strong, but well-tasty. Orbited around the apartment for much of the afternoon.
Is it Friday yet? Can't wait to party this weekend with and Gunna miss you two
haha really cute ;)) thanks :))
dang u should've came && got me...
I'm now craving Subway. And will fight anyone who gets in my way.
girls who smoke cigarettes ewww, yuk that's gross
wants to get crushed RT boy1020 she really want it
Friday the 13th
What the FUCK is up with this weather? Sincerely, girl who is afraid of thunderstorms
congratulations to both Madeline and Duane! and cetaphil! everybody wins
Tears can mean not only sadness but happiness too.
Thank God for hometowns, first kisses and touchdowns. Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in, when you were dyin to get out
R Kelly indeed wrote that song...and wrote half of the Sparkle music...
are you working on more music now?(:
but will they jump just for curiosity's sake?
Please follow and DM us your account info and we will have support review your server.^CS
Now entering Rankin county
(cont) there is a lot of speculation going around that it is a fake motorcycle club made for tv.
#Known fact ..skinny Females know how to work it inda bed
hi austin please please follow me
well hope one day we bump into each other so i can say hi instead of just starrin lol
In fact, ratings R typically used when better metrics are not available, which is still the case in healthcare.
upload your website logo for free on http:// tomorrowbook.com so its included in the search results
You're worse with the politics than I thought. P.S. Nugent called and said, "at least I have a twitter avatar."
“: People will laugh at your dreams then hate you when you make then come true.”
I just met a guy wearing a Darvin Ham jersey. He's now my best friend.
Really? Most people just have turkey... RT oregon for thanksgiving? i really hope so!
Hope the rain goes away. You and sound good!
i am bored somebody
WTF? You're still a casual dining restaurant, yes? RT What’s the most extreme thing you’ve ever done for a rush of adrenaline?
angel.co > Email Preferences > Send me weekly summaries of ... my activity > Instantly || Daily || Weekly -- So is it weekly?..
Juan checks people in? I just see him talk to the women at the front.
.Email address?
Happy New Year!!
If that's true, he must be one sick bastard.
duh nigga. Can't wait til school start back we matching everyday.
Next step, discover whether can the business you start make money (demand) and be profitable (net)...
The header ad for my gmail junk folder today was a link to a recipe for Spam quiche.
had fun a busch gardens with :)
avoiding lakers or thunder is meaningless?
I'M SICK OF THAT TMOBILE COMMERCIAL!!!!!!!!!!
just saw this, glad you like it!
Breakfast meeting with ABQ Board at LePeep.
JT keep up good work
omg i really worry about russell.
take comfort in the fact most will end in a nasty fashion.
I am regretting it this morning, though.
You were in my dream last night. We were married, with a dog and a yard. What are you doing in my subconscious.
...YUM!! little big shrooms!
:/ uggh this sucks!
Better be. Your punishment is hugs !:3
My mother today about everyone being sick/dying: "When it rains, it pours." Because that was an appropriate time to use that line.
thank you both for your support of the Heroes breakfast!
RT : SMC stands for ethical behavior in people who belong in our community. When someone does something to harm us, we...
I'm here on my iPhone, son is on leap pad, daughter on iPad. Great "family time" :/
Dealing with movers and landlords and other suspicious characters
Anyone well versed in FBML who can help us out? Looking for a volunteer to help out with our FB site.
my heart's been troubled by the speed of love
It sure is. But not only do I read, I also design books, develop plots with authors in various meetings, and publish books!
I like to think of myself as talented and out and my friends would call me loud... Xx
If you're new to online business and don't know where to start or what direction to take next, you may find the answers in a business hub.
sparring videos are up...Like White Tiger Sparring_1 Dec 11_1.wmv
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you. I am following you, also.
"If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you"
Anyone else get depressed when watching commercials for depression? I mean with all those side effects and such. Gosh..
#InMiddleSchool I dated girls for fun I was so immature back then
well while we talkin we mine as well be talkin right? how you been
Why do women clothing stores sound like a party wheb walking by in the mall?
:) glad to hear it!!
naw im more of a visual hands on person 😏😏😏
Just remembered how superior IMAP is over POP #APPLEMAIL/GMAILWIN
we must begin the NYT Discount campaign NOW
LOVE all the tips, especially number 7! ;)
I can't wait until "a beggar's plea" is released and I can't stop listening to "the art of madness"
oh look.. it's Fez... or Handy Manny!
do your legs hurt from running through my dreams?
why is it confusing? Haha
Congrats!! That's awesome!
Rain falls on everyone/The same old rain.
I don't think I have an argument so much as Hey! Look what I found out!
15' diameter aluminum framework wrapped and finished with sewn poly nylon for the Children's Museum of GB!
Excellent. Where's my discount?
Get it in the drink not in your eye, use a SquE-Z!
#MoneyTeam i got ten phantoms outside
No prob, others may get into the conversation - win win.
I was 2 days late & those assholes upped my interest to 25.99% they said new law doesn't apply to business credit cards, they're all crooks!
if bailey wasn't in RNG would you really like them you fake hoarrrrr
seriously though, when are we getting married?
wat about the regular tickets then?
Does the stadium gun read true in LEX, or is it +/- a couple of MPH? Where has Tropeano been sitting generally w/the FB? Thanks!
Goodnight plasma Steve
Photography to inspire
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
lacrosse cleats..
you ain't following me either
Oh! and just a friendly reminder about their upcoming contest yeah
keeping fingers crossed!
it'll take probably 24 hours to get the online guide fully reset
wierdly impressed w all the ppl smokingwhilst biking.riding ny traffic isnt enough of a difficulty,take the hard core smoky lung challenge!
Its..... Friday! (well at least it is in the NYC office) any plans for the weekend?
#IntheMorningIMust Have a fancy high-end massage. I’ve just been missing it for many many mornings.
yea I'll be in trouble with this one let alone a r1. This has plenty of power lol
tell him i said 'do it!' if i were there, id be so annoying rt now! have fun!
Driving in gresham still presents patches of ice
3 home runs tonight! Pujols rules. Unbelievable! #WorldSeries. What a game!
Happy Mother's Day to one and all of the mothers out there!!
Welcome back, Amy Murakami!
Actually, I'm in Durham. Meeting with a Chapel Hill gallery tomorrow. I'm all over the place! :)
Col is a friggin genieus.. the man has had titanium comic balls for 20 years
Wish some bitches would come to.neubig already.
First Noise Pop highlight of the week, missing shoes or not: Just incredible.
In Music Meeting Courteeners “You Over Did It Doll ” Tom and I liked, brought it in, did just ok overall
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, how much for a drink? Bartender says, for you? No charge.
Don't make me go another day without you... just call or text me do something!
Russ well it's just hard to tweet when my nails are wet :p
At the Doctor's office about to get my bandages and cast off! Its been a long 6 days with this thing on... I am so ready for this.
I always cry a little when chris gets shot in stomp the yard
We are both always up late. Wish my reasons for doing so were nearly as fun as yours, though.
Excellent clarification point!
we had a wikipedia reference and we went to correct/edit the info and they deleted everything, including the original! dicks...
Happy birthday Steve Jobs! You have changed the world and how we communicate soo much
Jus...so...dumb
Up and ready to #digdeep #INSANITY let's get it
Did you hear that Roche pulled the plug on its phase I CV drug dalcetrapib over the weekend? Not enough efficacy, evidently.
Happy Sunday! We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
I'll Have Another wins the KY Derby
New Years day is always a pretty boring day lol.
I wish bae was home, I could use one of his back massages right about now :(
#HappyFriday! How's everyone celebrating this gorgeous day?!
That's my jam! “: current status: singing a "paradise city" parody to ”
I may not agree with all the policies Obama implements .. But I damn sure ain't votin for Mitt Romney!! Vote 4 Obama again yall
Curious to know which line is longer this morning: In and Out Burger or the line at the AAC for #Mavs tickets?!?!
really like your site and your philosophy. How long have you been in France?
RT To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone
hopes to hear details today.
What kinds should I be careful with?
good luck today Matt!!
Yall should obv post a lair pic at some point
#HARLEM rite now is so live erbodyy outsidee having a good time enjoying the weather im bout to go blow down with my homies
i once promised a judge in Douglas County i would violate no laws in the state of NV...so don't do anything I wouldn't do?
running later today w/ - wonder who we will meet today!!??
I'm taking a time management course. The 1sr thing he says, "Block off 6 hrs of uninterrupted time." Um, I'll try.
Grant, one of our digital strategists, is off to Austin for the May 10 #WordofMouth conference. Follow him for insights!
hey girl! Call me.
Happy St Pattys Day from the O'Bradys
Will be sampling the latest version of Follett Destiny later. Will try out their new mobile app. Kewl!
haha alright. We will see on Friday
Newt said he was a fan of FDR, he was a progressive, and that Wilson's speeches still work... HOW IS THAT CONSERVATIVE?!
Happy to feel the right side of my face again...Novocain wore off.
glad you made it through. Couldn't believe the harsh words/mean tone used by your "old friend". Nasty.
you in the bay fam.
Dumbing it down nowadays Grandparnets are 30 something and Parents are teenagers. Kids sings Lil Wayne songs and can't identify the number 3
is at Pappasito's drinking Marky Marks with girl Roby De
didn't realize you were in town?
Let me do me
One of my BEST friends is coming back to school tomorrow, thats the ONLY thing i'm looking forward to
That next hire is going to be tricky... teenager or senior citizen???
Nervous yet, ? Go big ten. :)
What cool stuff are you working on in May?
Morning people!! :)
She In School Tuesday Through Friday But Friday Night Thats His Day <3
I'm sure you need a few 🍺 after that L
#laughs sorry and my bad mean the same thing , unless said at a funeral ...
Oh fried catfish, white beans, hushpuppies, and cornbread...why am I so addicted to you??
Yes!! Why is no one mentioning #PinkSlipRick for VP?
excellent. I hope you're okay with Polygamy.
Your life would improve dramatically, trust me RT : may be the last shift ever at the telefund for and me
Justin Didn't Say Thank You To His Beliebers :O
If only TV sets had unique numbers or something so individualized messages could be sent to end customers...
yes! so proud of you lol
Thank you so much for mentioning us in your article! It was wonderful!
Mayor says he cannot wait for someone to die in the camp---says he has to do something now.
Teacher: Didn't you hear me call you?Pupil: But you said not to answer you back!
Wish I could go to exxxotica this weekend. 😔
RT : The upstairs is looking awesome, go check it out. <Thanks!
You should do it with me!!!
If that is Favre's last game playing football... will his legacy be darkened because of that one play ?
www.itsniceoutside.com is my new favorite blog
yes I remember! And we got cought too lmao ! Days when we had no worries haha
Tell your friends/family u r on the #jobhunt – you will get a lot of leads starting with your immediate #network. via
I was running late today too, so of course there was a sick passenger at Dupont to add to my delay.
I'm going!! Two weeks ago they did a promotion and tickets were only $4.13
Go 'head then!
What's this The Last of Us game?! Did you know about it? It's like it was created for you to play! I may need to buy a PS3 now!
not excluding the possibility that an answer in the affirmative only gives more reason to accept disorientation.
Soo I have a big issue wit #oomf and she hmu talkn bout wanna go to da mall after I been going hard on her. Idk if I'm off her yet thoo
We screened it here at WashU.
seems like the internet connection is better today at the #smss. yay!
#SocialMedia workflow: ID content. ID workflow. ID resources. Package. Approve. Distribute. Monitor.
FLEET DJs follow them
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
I'm going to cut u
@ @ totally agree on life savers though scared not enuf invested in brand recently
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf I give up my #Android for
I think #edtech apps need to focus on helping teachers do what they do best: teaching - NOT managing!
Thanks for the retweet, Brooke! Have a great weekend.
Anyone going to "Mole to Die for" in San Francisco tonight?
Not stopping til my chest looks like Arnold's in Commando.
Why did I tell my editor I would be finished by Monday? And where can I buy a vuvazela?
Miami Heat looking real good even though Wade was out. Goin all the way
nicely done! Thanks for catching the good times!
how are ya sis
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way
I don't get the point of hickeys. They hurt, and aren't too attractive.
trying to hold on to the last days of march. april is coming too soon
oh ok then thxx for the warning.. but yea i like some british people i think thts wat i meant to say :) ur in england?
Standardized Tests & quarterly profits = short term thinking- the societal disease of our time.
yeah..gotta sell tickets
nah thats ma name ma cock is normal but i like to fuk
BRAZI!! “: People are terrified at the idea of me being a doctor. #TFM”
Probably one of the worst saturday nights I have had in a while...
so cute
i'm dolo bro...
Oh no! Hope everything is okay! :/
I thought I was a baller? ;) RT : is a pimp
Grateful to have had a great mothers day!
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Omg -- walkover???
me too!
For full, luscious lips, though, peanut allergies are cheaper than collagen.
You know you're a photographer when you critique every FB profile or timeline picture.
Absolutely essential to take a day off from time to time.
congrats on making the dj mag top 100!!!
that's the best way to be.. Fukin 4 free just get you old quick and back pains.I know! I see em all the time round here
Happy mothers day!
Failed that math test for sure.
Share May B with students to fill this niche
So back he goes. The plan was to put him back for elementary anyway, so doing kinder someplace else doesn't make sense.
Amazing how one person can ruin my whole day.
I'll come say hi.
Spotted at tonight: Emily, Courtney's enemy from #thebachelor. Asked her if she was sad when she left, she said "God no!"
you're the best!!! concert here we come!!
I think you guys should pick me up in Florida and take me on the sanctuary tour with you guys. (;
Hope you understand my love letter to my unborn child
You're kinda being a slut.
Need a New Bio
Why? RT : question everything.
lol yes i am. and yes my mom and my grandma LOVE to drink tea, it weird.
No Chicago baseball today--both Cubs and Sox off. :(
Category 15 winner are Regress a Clases and PUNCH Films
I'm glad this week has cme to a end
Feeling surprisingly chipper for a Monday morning after three days in Vegas. I must be growing up.
Pasta is pasta! & there was no expiration date ;)
Thanks! : Thx for follow! I read #9news.com everyday!!
Morning twitfam it promises 2 be a glorious day here in the A, hope it's just as nice where u are. Make it a truly blessed day!
or some of "grandpaws cough syrup" HOLY WHISKEY!!!
follow me?
Guys FINALLY followed me. I feel like my life has been given new meaning.
I did it a few years back. It's a fun event.
They should just leave Grace Kelly alone. so unique.
- I'm the black one.
u think they keep 6 WR's if Driver restructures?
Great. The score board blanked out so now the game is delayed. Do they NOT know its past 11pm? :/
on the bus on my way home from second college at 6. Thst means i've been working for 12.5 hours today.
Aha , my song !
You don't marry someone you can live with, you marry the person who you cannot live without.
How was your Earth Day, #SanDiego?
AWWWE Shes so CUTE(: Happy Birthday to her(:
WILL DO
he's playing the bongos. singing three little birds. it;s possible that there will be Marley beads involved.
Yup! I'm on one!
Those nights where you're like "screw it" and eat the whole kitchen.
Maybe you should try rubbing one out:) It always works for me.
Chinese fortune cookie, not "in bed" rather "in the cloud".
Listening to Grateful Dead in the home office in anticipation of college roommates arriving later tonight.
Grandma Peepee? Is this for real?
how about now?
i'm getting "Sorry, u cannot provide feedback until after the delivery has occurred" even tho our food is here! FYI, love you guys!
Finally saw Act of Valor. Very very good movie. Makes you really appreciate those who fight for our country.
Revelers from White Linen Night whose outfits are stained from that night are encouraged to wear those soiled outfits to Dirty Linen...
Wasn't it at Portland last year when the old wives tales started that Collin and Cesar drank beer during a stoppage in play?
