We distract ourselves from our pain, escape it, and numb it, only to always live in it and running from it. Heal the pain by loving yourself
Tomorrow, 5/10/12, is 's birthday. He shares the same birthday as my cousin Tony,
AMEN, brother.
ditto baby gurl!
I get so nauseous at night.. -_-
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take." -Wayne Gretzky
and they'll find a way no matter what! they will listen more if we control less & let them choose.Me learning.Me trying lol
What makes a glow worm glow ?A light meal !
Follow me on instagram- hope1love2peace3- I follow back!
Let's get this race going! I've got a soccer game tonight and I really want this race to be over by then!
Just have to get through today ... No school tomorrow ! Whoop whoop (:
Don't forget to vote in the DC primary elections!
To clarify on the errors, only Places 1.2 should be experiencing problems.
AND he commented on the blog post, too, or at least it LOOKS like he did. And now I feel like the d-bag. But anyway.
For my honors thing at Western, I get to do semester abroad, so I have to come up with an excuse to why I HAVE to go and study in England!
Ha Ha so awesome RT : told the wife that alcohol is not cool with #whole30, with a can of condensed milk in hand...
Thanks for the laughs. You helped make a shitty week a little less shitty.
There were 143 episodes of Saved By The Bell: The New Class. Let that sink in for a minute.
One more day to go! Get your 80's outfits together for tomorrow!! www.socialimpactinc.org
I'm leeroy who leeroy Roy !!!
Jammin out to the new Urrsshherrrr song
well, I guess I'll have to give it a listen...although I have not listened to any of their music in years...
Rudy Gay
Yes, I subliminally forced you to exclude it. You're completely under my control.
is there anything sexier than a girl that knows how to dance?? love to watch them hips move
Nice. I was ice fishing on Otter Tail last month. Nothing better than fresh caught walleye. Enjoy the best of Minnesota.
was just curious what they did with all the rest of the fabric that never made it to ur dress -:)
Let me give your heart a break.
An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares.
cruising around to some old school atmosphere jams
are you ttalking about me ?
Applaud for today's launch of a nationwide campaign urging legislators to reform, repeal, or defeat Shoot First laws
37k feet... hoping this plane lands soon. gotta get this day started.
back to work.
#ABA update: #Amara defense perspective "agree that" they didn't achieve slam dunk on #ERISA 502(a)(3)
touché and Amen!
yum... the first thing that pops up on my page today was could it be November already?!
ok I just sent some
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in i
crazy busy, but really good. love the area. things good down in the 757?
Learned about a new change mgmt model from Andrea Zintz PhD
RT : Take care of me and I'll take care of us!
Happy Easter
Scott Simon, it would take 15 to 20 years for #govt to exit
#royals got jobbed there on the final out. Classic Royals luck.
Follow us, or
The Berenstein Bears and The Trouble With the Bloods
Catching up... I found you when you mentioned Seattle I think. And your band looks cool!
Haha so when is the kibitzing happening again ? Also hope saturday's shows went well!
Yea but dont get me wrong they are a rise young team like OKC 2years ago but I think they"ll make it next year
When you need to plan a PARTY, be sure to give us a call! We'll make it unforgettable!!! 405-670-3600
4 hour S'n'S meeting
thanks for sharing, Kate!
uh i hate drama so lets not start it ! :)
really its #BetterWithEmmy. What a tribute. Thanks, Emmy. I'm missing you already.
Nope, no Babic in our portfolio currently, although we have a terrific wine called Babica. Enjoy!
One final fight, for this tonight.
When A Random Guy Asks Me For My Number!!
it was nice finally meeting you tonight! :) haha remember you always make me cry of laughter (: lol.
Tonight's "9/11 Remembered" program is canceled due to #sdblackout. Will try to reschedule.
oh swaggie! and im about to upload my teen hoot video!
#ABirdoftheAir was born from Joe Coomer’s best-selling book The Loop. What is your favorite book that you’d like to see turned into a film?
“: I 💛 VINCENT THARPE AND KENOSIS! ”//LOVE YOU TOO SIS!!!
“: thank you, Dex!”You're welcome! Take care!
Praying for the biggest comeback ever...
Original song is 50/50 chance.
Emo Phillips~ I was the kid next doors imaginary friend.
90's playlist or 80's playlist is the question..... Tough one. $4 Carbombs, $3.50 cherry bombs and $2 Miller bottles 9pm to close. patio :)
Friday is the last night for Ghoulish Garfield! Enjoy games, crafts, hayrides($3) & the haunted conservatory($1). 6-9pm.
i almost just flipped the fuck out
Come in today for a therapeutic massage to get you through the rest of the week. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon.
I would love to have a conversation :)
I'm on board. There's an event posted in ALAConnect now too.
#Girls .. never let a "man" tlk you down .. cauuse a real man wouldn't
MY BOY DJ WARLOCK GRADUATION TODAY!!! GOIN ND ShOW SUPPORT, CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF 2011 GRADUATING CLASS!!
Hahaha! Google's amazing.
Doesn't this clarpet just tie the room together?
My pin....is.....2956E986
Did you know that Tasseography is the art of reading tea leaves to predict the future?
IM JEALOUS.
Is three better than two?
Fuck stupid bitch's im beyond ready to do me!!!!
Can you go to LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
Icant believe they had free Slurpies at 711 yesterday. I really want one! D:
THAT'S HOW WE UNWIND!
I'm so blessed.
It’s time for a giveaway!
Today is going to be a good day. I can feel it in the air.
Don't look back by Karin FOSSUM #fridayreads another good Scananavian crime author
heaven isn't too far awayy
I thought it couldn't happen to me because I was young w/low BP. I never heard of HELLP.
Feel like shit... And not a single fuck shall be given by me today
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save
Tip #4 Go where the music is, or get stuck listening to bro's puke! has Element 13 and Cherry Pie starting at 5pm!
Casablanca Express has the best free vegas trips!!!!
My roommate's friend was being a dick, so I hid a frozen chicken wing in his coat pocket.
Getting off early and buying a new bed finally!!
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world it's time for #OneUnion!
Our website host is down.. Im working on getting the site back up asap. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole. No long convos, meds or therapy required. She's an ass. Questions?
We know, sweetie. RT OMG, I love Dick!
Fumble fumble fumble...
They're are no more fish left in the sea.
Go follow ,she's 's best friend :P
Just finished washing my girlfriends car!
If I focus on my why, I will be more focused on how.
snow skis
“: what up”hey
o well u could hav me we thought u missed the bus
woah!! 's following you?? OMAG!!!! Your so lucky! I would scream if she followed me! Haha:')
what style beats do you like most?
You are welcome! :)
One month til graduation? Alright, fine, I'll start on my 4 final papers ranging from 10 to 20 pages now.
Tomorrow is the last day before school, after tomorrow R.I.P. Summer</3 you will be missed, Not looking forward to going back to school.
#ihatewhen the most ghetto person of all says "that's ghetto".
#free stuff. 2:45-3 pm. Take what you can grab in the last 15 min of the south side presby rummage sale. 20th & Sarah sts.
#YBPartyCampaign2012 Coming Soon. #Denver #Phoenix #Las Vegas
Perry's debate skills have noticeably in these past two debates. Gotta hand it to the man - too bad it's too late.
Crush wishes you a very Happy Hanukkah !!!
Blasting PYHU around the house cause YOLO
Ya don't have to get all dirty about it!!
Yep. SF is great and the transportation infrastructure is even better!
-Happy Birth Day!
Gym & for lunch! Excellent start to the day
I don't mind spending everyday, out on the corner in the pouring rain.
The app or the sock monkey?
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I just won tickets to see Bostitch + Fussible, Ana Tijoux, and Los Amigos Invisibles. Gracias I love being a member!
Yes GoldenLady :) this is her day. (I feel her presence so strong on this day.) You are always with us. We love you.
The DOEd study mentions the lack of k-12 research
mmhhmmm. Fancy homework checking! :-p
I passed my license exam! Haha, free from study today!
More on the last RT - My disagreement stemmed from being so used to the many workarounds I practice so often.
I love that idea. Thank you. :)
Seriously. Who checks a blog that hasn't been touched in seven months to see if the author has come back? Those must be some readers.
In the true spirit of the Dalai Lama, I am cramming my entire reading of his book Art of Happiness into the last two days before book club.
": Tweet Me you're Name for a "Dear______" <33"Emily
hey you! How have you been? Ain't seem you since Christmas. Smh
Shallow is more accurate. RT : #I'm on my snob
genius peppermint mocha idea.. Other topic #inquiringminds what projects are focused on presently?
please tell me we are not talking about flowers and trees..
I would really, really love to meet , just because I have so much to thank him for.
sounds like the opening scene from some really bad horror film
Still i drive these horses thru the rain and snow this high speed rodeo is all i know
Do you mean handed to you like the Jets handed it to the Patriots?
HUGE win for the #Packers. Nicely done.
Sounds like an interesting forum!!!
Wouldn't you be better off from taking calories from the end of your day instead of the beginning?
I totally need to do that!
2 more days without basketball....is this the universe's way of making sure I do some homework?
Yea I'm getting it in tonight!! (:
SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!! some music work to do and also a little filming for music video
Loving the Friday sunshine, but wishing it could be seen in CA at Coachella instead of in NY at my office
"African Union cannot allow a military government....the Mali regime has to be suspended"- Ambassador Ali on sanctions for Mali
but overall I do believe it was great.
Boron BOOM give me all 34 of those words with friends points
what are you going to get ?
like that lol
the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time. Somebody always need something
I love how we use abbreviations for everything. "hey did you call KG, then we'll go to TB." lol
all the blame when things aren't going well and none of the credit when they are
so jealous!
Compiling subscribers to our offers. Deadline today (may extend some!)
Jeez that is ridic RT : Osweiler said Jack Elway, John's son, was one of his closest friends at ASU.
A little smile, A word of cheer, A bit of love from someone near, a little gift from one held dear, Best wishes for the coming year!
I'm thinking what I got to do tmw
You can keep your small life in a big city. Gimme a big life in a small town
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking with Ken Clark about key education bills on Sat at 2:35 pm. Tune in.
normally I am in a decent mood in the mornings...but not this morning i did not get a wink of sleep last night
Is it week?
Hot guy
Damn...I hope she okay,headed to herman #I'mByYoSide
Just attended great #BC2.0 free webinar with Mike Kramer. If you coach, check out the LinkedIn group and many free resources
I wonder if america could elect an hiv positive president
If I were describing the peculiarities of 's poetics (i.e. ubiquity of SunChips) what is the adjectival form? Bogostian? Bogostive?
yea I'm hollywood in the eastcoast lol
you want
Loved Just Kids. It’s the reason I bought Illuminations.
Great meeting & touring today with Pastor Wayne and Pastor Steve. Amazing hospitality! "Oh The Places You Will Go & Grow!"
Come watch the High Point Christian School Christmas Pageant tonight at 7p!! (Pre-school goes on stage at 6 and the prelude begins at 6:30p)
Great week, lots of birthday fun. First relaxed weekend for a long time.
somebody tell my these old peeps at my apartment to go live in the country lol thats where u its ok to sing "take me home"
RT: Its fine, whatevs. I got to spend my whole commute trying not to die by metrobusses gone rogue
College is actually near me. Maybe they can help.
Things certainly feel less fatalistic with De Aza than they did with Pierre and the other CF bums
When are you going to Cape Town? Great food, great culture, great stories! Gotta check out what Luke Dale-Roberts is doing
one week from tomorrow i'll be swimming with dolphins #cantwait !!!!
- ok cooly & when you go in?
Cassie pulled the trigger
the pictures alone are priceless :D
Hair is gone, I am now the proud owner of a curly bob - kabob?
so make the best out of today because tomorrow not promised!
TACO TUESDAY -- Come join us! $2 specialty tacos and $3 Dos XX draft beers.
Congratulations ! Its Supportive Services for Veterans and Families program recently received a $784,000 grant from
Wat a long irritatin day today was...
i think i just died a little bit hahahaa
okay haha I was going to ask u anyways I just have to keep bugging my dad. Where did u go to get yours done?
RT : great presentation! thx for the pie charts & cookies! I LIKE PIE!
I'll tell him. But seriously, I enjoy reading about the Bees - thanks for the coverage. I'll say hello sometime when I'm in UT.
undertaker not retiring that is GREAT NEWS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME
i hate losing close games.
Don't let haters disguised as friends ruin your good thing
BTW, if DDOT didn't tell you, H-street is closed near PA Ave for World Bank/IMF Expo this week. Plan commute accordingly. ;)
RIP Levon Helm. You can finally take a load off. Thank you for sharing your gifts.
OUCH! Mortgage bond pricing plummeting like a rock -->> upward pressure on mortgage rates today. Treasuries auction should be interesting
Hope you had an awesome evening yesterday! “: me too! You guys were a blast.”
RT : y'all are next to get drafted.
Tenacious D is too funny!
The IT department must have refurbished old computer and gave it to me....sounds like a jet engine getting ready for take off
we can't wait to open Brian!
Bitches on my Jock
Dinner w/ and fam tomorrow night. That means amazing food, wine and conversation and probably some photo viewing.
your pretty! #NoHomo lol omg your #TeamChicago also...that's my city!
Word, probably Sat!
In the lab with trying to keep up... Some of these young cats are DOPE!
march 5th I will be 16 :D
Not only does #Wisconsin football coach have time management issues, so does the Kohl Center apparently
Leaders/bosess/coaches/business owners-greet ur team w/the enthusiasm & energy u would give a long lost friend.
": "Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." ~Marianne Williamson"
Congratulations on the hiring of Todd Gray as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zAOQE1
Yay! I know you had so much fun, can't wait to see!
About to depart. Good bye, San Francisco! See you in a bit!
Have fun!!
like hell freezing over? Lol
“: I have to admit, watching the Rox right now is painful. They r better then this” Yea, pretty disappointing.
yes she did .. Smh
Hilarious picture of the team on the front of the Star today!!! Finally, on the front page!!!
you would have never known if it wasn't for me
My hole nite just went to shit now I'm just waiting om my talk with my baby be4 I lay my head down
Not sure why more students comp classes aren't using Google docs. Latest upgrades are great, esp. to presentations.
I may fall in love, too. Who knows? Don't tell
If twitter uses RSS, it is so under the hood its invisible; RE: If RSS is dead/overrated, why R U both using it NOW via Twitter? :)
hey Mattie what you up too? You in sac?
lmao, wow you would know that (x
NYC bound - Anyone know if my street in Brooklyn Heights has been plowed? Debating whether it's even worth taking a cab. DM or text me, pls
Woke up from my nap to people on AGT sticking needles through their faces..
shit im in the studio right now with this sickness still knocking out features & songs.
same people who went to ben and jerry's next to Bevs
hey fuck off sir!
Where is Ya Shoot?
Not Going To school Today, Hah.
Nice! Hope your holidays were good!
the fact that one even has to consider that in 2012 is unbelievable.
Lastnight was like watching the superbowl, lets go RAVENS
I will be leaving it at the laundromat! Will email you detailed instructions!! :)
Oh, my bad, I took a useful language. (;
cool to what?
Bout to throw some shit on and get this day over with.
Chris Jericho brings back his old jacket. Strange move. Both are awesome, though.
I miss Mr. Soos's corny rap, " The Burger Flip". :)
You're grandmas bitch now! Butters episode on southpark rule!
I returned to Mr. Lincoln with his palmetto tree, but no hope for peace. I relayed my full report to him and spoke of Hurlbut.
no- YAY for me! Can't believe you tweeted me back- not a big tweeter! Made my week! Ah- the little things :)
And thus yet another empire crumbles, due to dietary restrictions.
Hey You see the game last night?
alright its the thing with the nob and you turn it and walk through it just dont let it hit you on the way out
Ahah thanks. :'3 Don't worry. You weren't the only one who thought it was real. lol
I've had over 100 bday wishes today on social sites, texts, calls & in person. 1 meant more to me than the rest. It brought a genuine smile
Few more days of the Legislature- we will be watching the unemployment insurance bill closely.
i dont think so. i think theyre either partying or have no sleep schedule like every student here. haha
yeah, i figured, how about your favorite cereal brands.
Gettin my hair twisted watchin friday
Passover day 2 and then early fast bike ride in the AM on Sunday.
Welcome to our #Museum Family: and !
Breckenridge has fresh powder, slopes are open! Dreaming about a winter wonderland...swosh
my head feels like it's gonna explode, my nose is running, and i have a sore throat. this does not mix well with 3 hour practice tomorrow.:/
. Agree that unemployment is awful! This is why you should disclose how many jobs you eliminated while you ran Bain Capital.
The last thing we need is bird shit all over the place
I want a TShirt that has Dredds Fist coming out of it that says "Gaze into the Fist of Dredd!"
#wordoftheday When my boss holds meetings, it's more of a spruik than an open-ended discussion. - Luke
i am right now
": im freakin hungry and SOMEONE is going to feel my anger SOON" Aye woosahh mama!
enjoying new space opera from James S. A. Corey (pseud of Daniel Abraham & Ty Franck - asst to George R R Martin) LEVIATHAN WAKES
disappointment for Maccabi and their fans. How many times was Tal Burstein fouled in the last 5 secs? I counted 4
text me baby mamaass. Not everyone needs to know our baby mama drama.
Yep, gotta do that next
30-Year Mortgage Rate Continues Fall, At 3.77%
too cynical of me to worry that $ incentives can lead to rampant abuse? & does it help growing prob of refusing medicaid patients?
Congrats on your movie going to DVD! Exciting stuff!
Something needs to be said for not only the fact that the pens are down 0-2 on home ice, but they blew leads both times.
So Tinkler pulls the plug on Jets. Something is seriously wrong here - either rich owners are bad for clubs or FFA have issues. Or both :(
Ready for my classes to not be a billion degrees.
Kodak and Samsung announce a strategic alliance. I wonder who's going to pull who down faster.
Hoteliers voted to make someone else pay for something that will make them richer. 92 percent seems about right.
Ugh, thanks for the mike check re: live presser
I thought you might like to see what you are missing...this is a "Hill City Hot", come try one tomorrow...you will never be the same again!
Check out my girls in June 2011 ALLURE mag! The only organic tanning salon in the nation to receive 5 out of 5 stars!!!!
nothin too exciting yet
I hate it when boys give you mixed messages. Just make up your mind already!
Remove that shit bitch
Merry Xmas to all my Friends and Family !!
I know RBI's are overrated, but for Adam LaRoche to have 25 when his team has a .316 OBP has to say something. Not sure what, but something.
Spoiler!!! Cabin in the Woods. Someone days by a Unicorn. I was kinda cool
He definitely needs to clarify his statement.
S/O to my big bro , representing the fam back home, ball out in the spring game tonight man. Know u will. Goodluck and God Bless
we need to get you a website!
For those of you that didn't want to buy the Full-blown "Google+ Attack Plan" product (ebook, videos, 52 action plan and cheat sheets)...
he does like to take a bath in that stuff
welcome to twitter incan king. hope that cud is treating you well.
how's the trip?
Driving in New Mexico is like driving in circles!!!
"is this chili sauce locally sourced?" is a thing i just wondered.
More Sports
Was it the relentless 2nd person POV that did you in? Or the inexhaustible emotional drama you knew was coming?
hoping the same for you ma
At #Capital Brewery in Middleton talking about environmentally friendly
What happened to the original?
36 more days!
Traveling is enjoyable because it reminds me how small I really am
how can i move on when im still in love with you?
Patience and Compassion are a dog trainer's best tools
Need to find some motivation today...
haha true that. You Feeneys really now how to party, that's for sure. And of course he is, its hard to go to Cal and not be haha
Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!
A pavillion of animatronic performers, of course, SPG style. All keyed into the same self-aware Babbage engine puppet-master.
Writing writing writing
There were verbs everywhere. It was gross.
RT : We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. —Stevie Wonder
I don't mean to put my hands on them, really, they are not commodities. But Octavio Dotel smooched me!
Gym time- starting off the day right!
Oh my, Ty! Lawson lighting up the #Lakers. Keep up the energy #Nuggets!
how are you doing
Sleep is gonna be so good tonight on my white on white bed sheets!
Just landedin new jersey....next stop new delhi
good to know. Way to show up today. I'm sitting alone like Steven Fucking Glandsberg looking at
Hey look at being kick butt - thanks! :)
I love Hollywood Girls Night on TV Guide Network!
That's not an upgrade. That's a #lifestatus upgrade.
Just tapped Rougue Dead Guy Ale
I am NOT a whore !
Publix has nice stores, I have toured a number of them before we (Total Wine & More) first opened wine stores in Florida
Didn't Donnie Darko also take place in VA? Same director. Why did he spare them the moron accents then but impose them now?
thank for the twitter follow!
10 days until Christmas and 17 days until 2012.
#BidenReplacements Bust of Churchill
I am becoming more convinced every day that the hokey pokey may actually be what it is all about
Sometimes you have to admit you're wrong. I always apologize and this time..I'm right and you're wrong.
Ditto!! " sweet; i'll see you there! that's the best news ever!
Getting ready to hit the road shortly & looking forward to all the new friends & fans we'll be meeting!! See you tonight, #Princeton,
really really funny, really really perfect, really really precise. Thank you.
Just seen theres a new "dark knight" movie droppin this summer... IM HYPE!
Heading to ASU's bookstore for a meeting with a buyer, possibly merchandising FANSHOES!
Why not bring home a lovely t-shirt for the holidays?
Family dinner with cousins from Florida, take me with yooouuu :'(
And she still SWOLLEN !!
do they still sell beepers. suddenly they are making sense to me.
You're welcome
Coconut water goes well with ANYTHING
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
OKC ordered a 30 piece witta green bean and a yam!
Awesome, thanks! “: How were those Olde Glory Farms fresh eggs?”
I use Greenough Consulting for bookkeeping, they are pretty pro
mashing words together since 1992
Writing History In The Makin "There She Go" B.E.T. Num 1
#avonvolleyball2011 needs to have a reunion every month just so I can see everyone. The banquet was awesome! I luv u guys and will miss u
�You are only as good as your IT connections when it comes to search engine optimization in a large organization
Brandon Watson
Comic Thunder & A.C.E.S. FOR KIDS are excited about the new venues in L.A. and Vegas more details to come, going to be some great shows!
to the one that calls me at 3:30 in the morning four times and hangs up... your a bitch! sincerely me
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow i absolutely LOVE hugs..and being tickled..but shhh that's a secret.
Good times last night
that would be fun. Oddly, I am trying to pay them and they won't let me. I'll just let it go. Eventually, they'll call me.
Love you Stanky Franky! I'm just drunk tweeting is all. Kicking off my bday the right way!
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.
thanks for following me! :D your super talented and thank you for serving our country! :)
Just heard the song from Flashdance and missed my friend
Client's new Web site looks fantastic!
yes it is and was
Bo!! Ill be painting with local artists on the mall! RT : This weekend will be cool, breezy, somewhat gray.
just checked out the Brickhouse kettle bell youtube work out. Love me some Kettle Bells!
so true. i got it but hose in furnace room freezes. have to unthaw until i can turn it bk on. #monkeyjackin lol
I really hate those phases where I can't sit still long enough to listen to some music.
She's adorable! Nice work!
welcome to my 13 new members i got today yeah!!!
What's most important to you? Always remember $ cannot buy you happiness. Make sure your setting the right priorities in life.
I was attacked by a swarm of white vampire bats near Hualtuco. I don't think I'll ever get to say something like that again...
After Edmonton, who`s gonna be the next #NHL team full of top picks/prospects that everyone wants to trade for?
Thank you to everyone who has supported FHF this year. We truly appreciate you.
That was some awesome sleep. Yaya
davelakhani:The more precise your communication the more predictable your results.
thanks so much for coming coach. Means a lot!
Sorry Rena...I thought Betty White in the commercial was much more enjoyable!
Trader Joe's is going to be by the Target on 128th & Bluemound. Wal-Mart grocery is by Target on 124th & Capitol.
RT #OccupyDePaul Historically DePaul was school for Working class. Past tuition raises met with protests.
You know you're lost in the world when you have no idea about avengers. I should start watching tv.
I'll be starting college fresh.. No best friends, no lesbian, no club to promote, no club officer position. Fresh..
that means Ed sat in his dressing room before the Seattle show and built the space needle out of legos bless his soul bless bless bless
Q: To what extent is the world already following the American privatization example? I'm from the British system and I see that happening.
That head butting yogurt commercial was the best - just saw it again - she knocked him out of his shoes!
Weird. Failing on Chrome, even with cache flush, but works on Firefox. Thanks,
Happy Birthday
writing a blog post about normal people who were at one time obsessed with x-files (like myself). have any interest in sharing your story?
Rahm: Also, living longer. Increase retirement age. Must introduce choice to align w/private sector & attract best talent. 401ks!
I love the late night twitter crowd.
hey I totally watched my first episode of big time rush today in your honor :)
Curt Schilling looks totally strung out on Baseball Tonight right now. Wrinkled shirt, dandruff on his jacket, yelling senselessness.
Nice! We predict there are exactly 9 more weekends left to get all sandy :)
Happy Birthday! I played #Who'stheBoss theme on my laptop in your honor. Yes I'm that geeky.
FUN night!Played Bumper cars,roller skating,lazer tag,and much more tonight with my church youth group! Had funn :)
Woah, Drew. That's no good. Shoot us an email to and we'll see what we can do to help.
sometime after school ends for the day, cause most schools are starting this week or next.=/
I miss setting up the little glass balls and lights before each show back in the day.
- I don't go crazy going into every detail about a car. It just needs to get you from point A to point B.
nope I'm off today....y Wats up??
Live in San Francisco? Want to do something Good? Donate your unwanted items to Thrift Store and support arts education!
Thanks for following! Loving your tunes on ReverbNation.
Its funny how people complain about sleeping alone. I've been sleeping alone since I was a baby, just stfu xD
The Wisdom of God is the ability to put knowledge to work for the right results. You might still know everything, but understand nothing
I understand lol yeah this creeping back by LA sucks!
I'm proud to live in a fly over state. ☀
Jason, glad you enjoy the letters. Jack Shepherd's view of his fellow expats has evolved over time, as have most of ours.
well i only care for one.
We will bring the edibles!!
I got you.
Surrounded by about 10 firework shows. Happy 4th!
Just landed back in new York :)
I wish that you were here, or that I was there. Or that we were together, anywhere.
Wow this is emotional seriously...........
RT : you got a raise today! The gov cut the Social Security payroll tax paid by individuals from 6.2% to 4.2%.
Happy Holidays from your friends at On Call Restaurant Accounting!
Thank you! Can an organization blush? If so, we are.
its cool
Disliked #Kony and #childsoldiering before it was cool. Awareness is good only if it leads to action. #truth->#power->#action->
Have you checked out our website lately to see the new classes this holiday season? New classes and camps!
Congrats Paul! Syndication to NC in new deal?
There's not enough gratitude to match the love & work of a mother. I applaud you & give God praise for all that you do. Happy Mother's Day!
I saw a really cute gay couple in the mall yesterday. They were holding hands smiling and laughing not givin a damn what people thought.
Great discussion tonight about the #TrayvonMartin case. Keep the dialogue going.
I delete people (from FB) who are for Obama and who are blind to his most recent vote pandering stance on gay marriage.
ill be ordering a #SALTY shirt tomorrow;)
goodwife texts me this morning, all caps: "I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN OF HOUSE TARGAERYN." Should this be cause for alarm (Y/N)?
hahahaha RT : "The Stadium that Losers Built." Well, to be fair, it also a stadium that losers would play in.
“C'est le ton qui fait la chanson.” - It's the tone that makes the song, (or It’s not what you say but how you say it.)
It's always a dance party ! Groovin with + friends to and tunes. Sweat box for real.
In summer's forest ~ ancient trees ~ consider the stars
Party Mix for the Crockpot Whenever I know the kids will be bringing friends home after school, I make this Crockpot party mix recipe . I
Heard about the debate forum at Ivy Tech, good for the district!
boys need to treat girls better now.
Good night loves! Sweet dreams! 6 days and counting until our Coming Out Party!
I think we know who the real pioneer is... YOU! An inspitation for all of us!
He's only seven so I don't think we are quite ready for HP. But we will be before too long. I need something interim.
Good luck today Go Wings!
Are the delegates getting a scolding right now?
“: Damn it feels good to be a gangsta. #NP” doesn't it though?
Gorilla Productions Get Gigs Get Beooked
yeah absolutely! I'll be at ; but introduce yourself on the meetup page and the guys will hack with you!
Decisions, decisions: I feel like playing #blackjack tonight but where? Maybe or Hmm
It's about a Japanese family that finds an alien frog who is hellbent on ruling the human race. It has a cooky Japanese Invader Zim vibe
I want something fun to do. I do have a bunch of free movie tickets.
i love you please notice me ?
Rooting for hon. You are my fave, and have my vote any day. Keep your beautiful spirit shinning. Love u and am proud of u.
Change happens in the boiler room of our emotions... so find out how to light their fires. ~Jeff Dewar
RT : Hi, Everyone! There are some big changes coming here at Tandem. Follow us at our new Twitter account!
I don't like managed code but Microsoft has become somewhat open minded lately so I like them.
Do you have a little Captian in you? Wednesday→ $15.50 Captain Morgan Pitchers *Center City SipsSpecials Beginning June 6th! HAPPY HOUR T...
It's back! sponsors Juice 2 at Bossa Nova, June 3rd. Starts at 5:30...see you there!
I'm not lol
You guys sound like our kind of crew! Glad to be following you!
Your kids and mine and David Duchovny's kids can have playdates.
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter
Gilly is the worst. Why all the elbow bullshit?
#operationfindnextgf She has to love Kevin Hart or think he is funny
I'm at home chillin. Just got off work
Follow team that's up incoming shoe brand that's going to be making history big time summer of 2012
Hell yeah ma. Really good seeing ya.
More $50. weekly winners from SPORT B-I-N-G-O! Week 11 winner – Shane Whittal, Week 12 winner – Nick Schnepf
Class at 11am, why am I still at the bar ..
shout out to this epic saauuwwwce
If Bo did that and it's wrong, fine, then he's wrong. I didn't say it was common. I said precedented.
Happy birthday Chanez!!! Tramponaline is really fond of their singer :)
yeah I'm definitely not sick of it yet :)
There was a flash mob christmas carol singing on the streetcar. I kept waiting for them to turn into wasp people.
**18K "cards" ...not that many entries... yet. :-) But yes, they are beautiful and have been well received!
yes ma'am, just trying to catch up on it. It's a little bit hilarious.
i can't wait to go shopping tomorrow.(:
Eric Church is a moron. Keith Urban, Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood & Blake Shelton aren't real artists? Go ahead &Dixie Chicks ur career
BOTH? THE FUCK
Welcome Adam — The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave. for ingredients!
Snow day! Family time has been canceled, now I can get down to some work
In need of a lazy day
Diamonds on my neck, call it the ghetto's guillotine.
Yeah me neither.... Then again I really don't give a fuck . 😏 cold.
did it in 2000 on my way back from Australia, 2 weeks. Auckland= big city. Milford, nice easy hiking plus boat trips on sound
We figured out the products page for BELOW THE BRIM's new lean site... Stay tuned
Best #h&m experience ever
I'd like a refund.
I might fuck up just to see if you give a fuck
This movie is crazy
I think it is very important to all #actors and #models to market themselves, even if they have an agent. I can teach you how
Today I will talk to as many strangers as possible... on the internet.
This weekend is going to be friggin hilarious to say the least lol
if you tell him i will legit strangle you and not let go until your coufing up blood . dont test me.
Let's go Badgers!!
I have super fucking bad heartburn.
Did she just thank Alice in chains?
OPMG will be the stock to watch this week!
yeah, please do. I've been looking for a way to mix up some of my favorite traditional recipes.
Everyone's Texting me today. WTF Why?!!!!
Today is a beautiful day. Have a great day everyone.
Can't decide who I'm more fee on or
Distancing yourself from certain people can be a good thing
Sorry I didn't met you at Bombeck conf. - loved your tips blog & saved your Junction post to read. I was Bobcat '82/83.
played ball and fell asleep
Giants parade tomorrow. Arm chair warriors, doofs and drunks parading on the streets of new york. Oh and the giants too. Whoppee. Not.
Get the dude on the left a helmet and some pads!
Let the quarterback controversy begin! #Browns RT : Cleve going Weeden
thx for follow ing me guys :)
you kno I am
thanks for coming out to #HighTech #HappyHour!
Since no one's following the rules anyway, there's really no rule to "break". Just DO it.” (referring to this) 
Better to be lucky than good
I wonder why the theory of Nicolas Cage being a vampire makes his sexiness factor more vivid to me? O.0.hmm. I'm such a strange, weird girl.
"And lo, on the third day, they returned to find the lid had been removed from the cookie jar!"
omg! Good luck! I created a 500 cal snack pack of beef jerky/almonds/dried apricots and that helps. Also, peanut butter...
Same Day Tote Bag Printing at NYC Printing 123. Customize your Tote Bags to match your style and personality!!! Call now!!!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 gms for Castro comments. Should be pretty awkward when Cubs' Starlin Castro is introduced in Ozzie's 1st gm back
#irene keeps getting down graded... are we even gonna get any rain?
she does fingers crossed it happens
GayJesus just ruined one of my most favorite songs. Theme song to the 'Jeffersons'. ASSHOLE!
I'm telling you it's a good idea. LOL
Happy mothers day to all the mothers that are following me!
Indeed! I finally got to meet , the Jason Bourne of ramen.
RT : You don't have to make decisions based just on your gut feelings!
What on earth brought you to PDL?
Thank God for good and strong homeboys! Black and Miles really just came thru and moved all my furniture for me! Love, Love, Love them!!! :)
May will be here before we know it. Looking forward to St. Thomas!!
Feels so good to sit down
Chicago Bands!! Open slots on May 26th!
to late
That's the general consensus I seem to be hearing...I am excited :D
Don't I know it!!!
“Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.”-Mike Singletary
Jack left town and left no forwarding address.
It's just like spongebob - mostly adult humor that kids would never ever get.
Time heals all things? How much time?
Christofer Drew is coming to vegas today <3 I wish I could see him again
Thank you! I'm sorry I couldn't stay but I've been youtubing your music! We will meet again :)
captain america margarita and a brew lol
"Oh Mary Pelle! You carry so much pain." "I carry a lot."
NFL Draft Rumors: 4 Possible Trades That Will Shake Up Round 1 - Bleacher Report
Jerry York might be a great coach/guy but I would like to see the underdog take this one. BC has enough. Give it to FS
Hanging with Dwight at the polls!
RT : Following-back isn't an obligation or courtesy, it's a choice. Be interesting and engaging, not demanding.
thanks to both of you
... Just give me a $10 hardback or a $5 eBook and I'm happy. They can't see that they are not only digging their own grave...
and my the way you look gorgeous in your avi! :)
Today at 4:30 pm in the Gate, First Floor Lounge-- You've Got a Friend in Me. FREE PIZZA!
I wish I was a better #Tweeter but I am Sofa King BUSY! #lovinlife HUGE Summer of #Events coming up! Stay with me and watch it grow!
I Feel So Close to You Right now
No doubt !!!!!!! Look on your package that the CD come in that's where you see the ###
Orioles have the best record in the MLB today... o, wa!
Give em' the ol'
I just saw your Out of Office - Feel better!
Dmv on Friday I have 3 openings call me at 702-882-6007 don't wait in line when the dmv can go to you
you were right, I started squealing as soon as started singing. They are amazing! My new love. <3
Professor Frink, Professor Frink He'll make you laugh, he'll make you think He likes to run, and then the thing with the...person...
How many of you famous Hollywood actors/actresses, & politicians, & professional athletes been inside an ET spaceship?
"I'm so excited to meet the new incoming freshman. I bet they'll be so mature and innocent" said nobody ever.
EXTRA hugs to you. Do you know how wonderful you are? I don't think so...it's part of your charm
A gorgeous 50F evening .... the fine print adds "feels like 37F"
#Teamfollowback is gonna get me to 460 followers before today over with
Lord I need your help
my customers name is Way Fong. believe it or not..hes wayy fun. lol. yea..
I'll be at the LA show. I was informed that Anton just asked for STREAM HELP. So cool
Depends on the course. Some, like River Place, have well maintained greens, good fairways. Others are rough in the winter.
This is my life for the rest of my life .
Because of that, I didn't have time to eat breakfast, and I had to stop and get gas, so I got gas station coffee (ick!) and mini donuts. 2/2
let's not put on a front for twitter.
Thinking it maybe time once again to really focus on Haskell for personal projects, never felt comfortably fluent there and would like to
train hard baby. ChestnTri's this morning for me.
“The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.” ~Muhammad Ali
I busted wynn poker mega in 27th. I'm going to Five Guys for some deliciously bad for you comfort food.
Like miss plain and boring? : At first I thought that was a putdown.
here at working cant wait to get the new mytouch lx
good things happen to you for a reason. So that you happen to others also.
jOHN- Lewis class ^_^
Listening to #boyfriend has become part of daily routine and watching #BOYFRIENDvideo will become part of it too!
Had a dentist appointment at 3. I was out of there by 3:07.
Absolutely!! It is going to be fascinating for sure. I'm personally drooling over the new custom shop guitars.
relaxing, and tonight going to champs in Brookfield, meeting up with some friends. And you?
Temple run.<3
The fourth R: algoRithms. at
Up at the ass crack of dawn for choir tour, of course
I know! I am so sorry that I started this... LOL!
If a desire exists, it can be manifested. I no longer get hung up on what is. My attitude lines up with what I want, not the absence of it.
Good morning "PAKALITES!" Go out of your way to do ONE thing for somebody else today! Watch how you.ll b blessed! Follow me! I know the way!
I have a form they fill out to assess where their business is and what their goals are then through talking
my birthday is on Saturday ^_<
I am excited about using twitter to build links to those who want to talk about youth, media, cities, india and more. Here I come!!
Thanks for the
They should all become Cowboy Fans!
Dexion has the most extensive range of office cabinets on the market.
I woke up today and wasn't in the mood to run a 400 billion dollar empire anymore - Steve jobs
Frankie Laine was also the first white artist to cross the color line to be on Nat Cole's ill-fated TV show.
how's the game going from your table
I'm asking him out for you soon!!!!
Here comes the eye or what's left of it.
your welcome hun! im glad you like it!!!!
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts
RT : aw, cute, the anchor baby is worried about her mother who doesn't have "papers". "well, honey, your mommy is a lawbreaker"
Im MC Hammer about my money...You can't touch this
There's a cashier at our grocery that says, "May the good Lord bless you until He comes again" to EVERYONE. It's awkwardly long.
I would be the same way. It has been a long time since I had kids that young. *sob*
Oh geez. These follow limits on Twitter are bias as hell. I can only follow 2000?? Not cool...
Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song.
We're here at ready to speak with eager candidates!
Isn't it time to look at methods that have a chance of helping children in despair, rather than trying to use the ones proven questionable?
Stage 5 Clinger
Because I can't overdose on music.
are you coming out tonight?
3-4 with a sacrifice. 3 RBI's. Triple, double, and a single. We won 14 to 4.
I was with and
You were on the media list. It was the Butterfield Conversation.
i see what you did there
I believe the answer is You can't divide by 0!
Not knowing wtf they want until it too late
Finally! A #bollywood category on the verizon wireless ringtone genres
..the hell does it mean when she only text you some "hey sweetheart" shit once a day, everyday, with no more responses after that?
Happy Birthday!
Weren't they all?
When hovering near the ground, a phenomenon known as ground effect takes place.
lol idk then. Guess there'd be a problem then...
yes! D-Shirt idea right there.
Build a responsive site in a week: media queries (part 4)
surprised you didn't instagram that tweet
THE TILLMAN STORY: From the NFL to death by friendly fire-how one family wouldn't let their son become propaganda. Dir in person
Who created this page?
don't jinx it lol
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
I would say not at all. It's very neutral even more so than almonds in my opinion.
"Join the Debate" = fall for our linkbait hate-speech so we can get our ad revenues up.
sometimes you worry me Robby Bobby
. Last few guys coming outta GT been pretty damn good!! They seem to be producing big time WR threats
winningest is not either but the sports media would argue that winningest is American.
Norris the novelist?
Walked 15 blocks to make it. It will be so worth it. RT : #RHoK panel at #SXSW at 5PM in the AT&T Conference Center, Salon E.
“: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.”
Season 10 of Night Court! Let's do this!
Hi, Betty, thanks for following
you probably know love rock as flaming damsel, we changed the name at the beginning of the year.
Margarita Madness is going on at The Harp Irish Pub tonight.. only $3 each! 113 E Juneau
Always go Big. Don't even think about going home....
FIFA or Calc homework.. tough decision
I'm proud of YOU! You and everyone else did such an amazing job! Can't wait to see it again 
Just chatted w/ Naomi Pomeroy at Fuller's; I'm totally starstruck! And in love!
y'all ate having an easier day than me! But I can't complain about mila kunis and mark wahlberg.
Back in miami :) good weekend
Did You Kill Something And Put It In Your Pocket?
Going to the river to take my godson on his first boat ride. Gonna be a fun day!
hmm, Bacon RT Chicken or Egg???
I wish he did.. RT : If mayweather comes out to bieber's boyfriend imma lose it!!!
Pretty sure snuggle bunny is out cold. Work has been kicking his ass last couple of days.
Welcome! Talk to you soon...
who the fuck are you with?!
I just cried a little bit because is following me
Perfecto! Just had the Posole. Go get some before they sell out! Just the right heat to warm you up on these cold days :-)
Dear God, Thank you for this BEAUTIFUL life & forgive me for taking it for granted. Amen
kiss ass. x
I've been a jerk lately. i'm sorry. i love you all alot. i love making you all smile.
It looks like I'll be missing the party on May 21. Have fun !!!
that place rules! /via <-- it really does!!
The email registered to fitbit is unique & i've given it out to nobody else. Yet, I'm getting spam to it. Should I send them to you?
one of the only incentives for me to get out of bed in the morning
Congrats to the new Texas Int'l Queens: Mrs. TX Int'l-Rachel Hedstrom, Miss TX Int'l-Savannah Sowell & Miss Teen TX Int'l-Briana Daughtry!
Check out for live tweets of my talk in Newton this evening (although really you should be following JL Bell already).
Blake Griffin--ALMOST the same amount of dunking power as the Reignman. Nice to see him putting it on the Thunder.
love you❤
Huge welcome to Sarah Heilman, our new partner! Sarah comes to ELE with a wealth of editorial experience and an eye for great genre work.
come to phoenix please!!!
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Gonna lay down my burden . . Inverse Delirium! (it scans and everything! try it!)
Don't go to until Saturday - it's closed thru Friday while work is done on the kitchen. New menu expected when it reopens.
#Familyreunion #drink choices require careful consideration. Cola's the norm. Don't forget caffeine-free/diet beverages.
I wanna sleep.
TRAFFIC: Crash - SB I39 just south of Portage - Ramp blocked at Hwy O.
i cant watch the #VMAs cuz my powers out... Lml... Ah
And it's mine!!! In August... Damn college kids coming back!!! Lol. It's a good day!
I need to practice more lol and plus I wanna go for my birthday haha
I was confused & about to ask you what was wrong with that phrase... familiar to me but that doesn't mean the grammar's correct.
Looking for a #retail #corporate #buying #merchandising #marketing #job I am fluent in 2 languages & flexible in traveling relocating
Anytime. Yours is the alternate spelling of my name that most often ends up on my Starbucks cup. I feel a solidarity somehow.
What is 'real' art? I prefer the cartoony over realistic stuff. If I wanted to see real stuff, i'd watch a movie.
they are adorable!!!
!!!RT : Difference between #Lakers fans and u other bandwagons is even if you loose we STILL gon rep MUTHAFUCKIN LAKERS BITCH!
How confusing! So, you're with two underscores...and you also "love uni...love life"?
Thanks for the follow miss.
I am currently now addicted to Camel Menthols. I love the taste when you pop the ball too
i just invited a bunch of people to #blackgrad2012 and realized i forgot some. i've been so blessed w/ community it doesn't even make sense
Chris Kreider is playing excellently tonight
RT if you are done with Christmas shopping
I want to say something but have no one to say it to, therefore Twitter will have to do
It's our pleasure! And thank you for all your support in our group as well :o)
#familyguy is the best
I think its safe to say there aren't enough days in the weekend.....take advantage and come chill poolside at The Fly!!
Thnxs 2 my new followers,,, and
that moment when someone you dont hate likes your confessions status but you dont want to be mean so you cant think of anything to say..
There's a tournament wrapping up somewhere today!
ew thats disgusting. don't even kid about that
and they are playing less then impressive too. It's going to be an interesting game I think. I expect Barca to smash.
That last tweet, a #ff, should have included , a wonderful educator and novelist.
I'd give up aannyytthhiinngg just to have you here again. i need to see your smile and hear your jokes.
Thanks SJ, we're happy to help! #StudyOn RT #studytime Thx for the resources. Great study app for iPhone!
I GOT LION KING TOO!!! (BOTH ON TAPE)
SESSIONS WITH A SLAMMA JAMMA DING DONG. AND THEN KOBE WITH A DOWNTOWN THREE
Oh, that wasn't a bug. It was a baby bat. Thank gawd
Started out hustlin ended up
Positive people encourage negative people.
In short, education should cater to meet the needs of the individual, not a standarized curriculum.
(Brian Smith) talked with Commissioner David Stern. His comments about possible nba return to #Seattle 930pm , 11pm KONG
so adorable!
Find The Bright White on Spotify!
Lol we are so bourgeois
I'm downloading chocolate factory again when I get off
Go B's
Workout... Jamba Juice... Church...
“: My sisters boyfriend >> . . . He is perfect for her and I actually like him!” this juss sounds gay Ryan lol sorry
has arrived in Omaha...get to tonight from 6-8pm or tomorrow 2-4pm free tastings
I never realized that about my blog's initials. They are unintentional, moderately embarassing, and totally awesome.
Ever want an inside look at MLB Advanced Media and the At-Bat app? Here it is!
How do I enter the raffle?
Tonight's discussion will be moderated by Jason Hardebeck () Tweet us your questions and comments!
I bet out there makinem look BAD
I'm beginning to wish I had... :( cc:
Go follow for me:)
Yes. yes you do
Having a Sam Adams across the street from where he was buried!
8/14 days left :D graduation/anniversary :)
Hey Bill. how have you been?
Happy Aloha Friday to you too!! Hope its the start of the a GREAT weekend!
We just stopped at the gas station and just said "do you have any almonds?" the lady said "the fuck is that?" wow hahaha
Ain't been in the streets in a minute but I might slide to #G5five to checkout
Congratulations to Tess Andrews of the Southeast Regional Library in Garner, NC! You are the winner of Big City Carpet Contest!
I'd forgotten about Genmaicha and now have to have some ASAP! Thanks for the reminder.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! Wait...
did not see this coming..
Nice plug #Quiznos !
tennis bracelet? Who do you think we are, real estate agents? Try again.
We had every kind of processed, cured meats that we have now, such as bologna, hot dogs and ham
niggaz think they hot but they really not smh
same here good night.
I'm not righting it off until 10 December. After all, Sao Paulo and Dubai were surprises.
Totally agreeing!!(:
Thanks for an awesome night! So much talent in here. We had a great time!
Front Desk Friday: Writing grant proposal 4 UV blocking film 4 some of doors and windows. Baked docent not a gr8 1st impression 4 visitors.
#NP - Musical Youth - Pass The Dutchie - YES!!!!!
there's not enough coffee in the world to wake me up today...it's one of those days.
I just got twitterpated.
She didnt remember. 2 hours of my life i wont get back. Atleast i saw channing tatums ass
Thank you for happiness ! RT : Hey hey hey, it's #WienerWednesday! Come in and get ANY dog for $5!
Trying hard to get it all ready for 2012.
thank you for sharing. This is an amazing article.
Oh God, food poisoning. I think I see the white light.
Truths I've learned on Twitter: Don't mess with Texas...Or Packers fans.
Happy Leap Day Year!
Blame It On The Rain<3
It was just a "Hey!" As in hello. Hola. Sua s'dei. Salut. Sain baina uu? That's all. Hope things are swell in Minnesota.
Lmfaoo you mad
O I love my Mamma's...
They R the sentimental favorite! #Jabs :) RT : I'm not even in MN & I know it's all #jabs team,
Spray tanning is recommended by the American Academy of Dermatologists!
Hitachi 2TB Touro Desk Pro Desktop Hard Drive - hitachi
CFA 07 is June 30. More details will soon be posted. But, in the meantime, how are you gearing u for the big show?
did you drop the android version yet? Can't find it. #killingmesmalls :)
("Better knowledge than ignorance!") Couldn't agree more!
First standing ovations ever (for me!) at the Oslo National Academy of the Arts production pf fassbinder's "garbage the city and death" J
From Chicago!
any idea for cause of accident ?
Day two in NYC, scheduled visits done. Conference time. Time to network and meet some new peeps!
wondering if I should update to iOS 5.1?
Best part about camping
All I want is a text from him saying how much he misses and loves me ...</3
We miss you & would love to see you again!
megan good wit a video full of white girls makes no sense dont be a rapper all yo life
have you been to any of those places before? will you be kid free?
So, Baby Aziz ain't happening?
But always remember this: Jobs was the head of the world's richest company two months before he died. His money couldn't save him.
what kind of wings did you have from #pdx Fire on the Mountain?
that's the Paula Deen. Guaranteed to make u insulin dependent.
95% of the people rooting for OKC are #LAKER HATERS and I'm PROUD to be apart of the 95%...
Thanks! I was wondering about that ;)
SpazmO! says hello!
Indy was my home for 4 years!!! It's a great city! I know you'll have fun!!! Have a drink or two or three for me!!!! Mwauh!!!!!
been awake for 18 1/2 hours today.. uhh, i think it's time for bed.
We'll find out when if she can't ever leave the house again. Maybe she's a medium though.
Unfortunately that phishing scam has been making the rounds on Twitter for awhile now. Glad you were able to resecure your account!
Lol man Im starting to hate nigerian food.. I need some American in my stomach..
- Thanks for featuring #YoungeHollywoodBlast in the "Backstage40 Digest" yesterday!
And now spontaneously off to the concert. This weekend keeps getting better and better.
Wigs are being split in Houston as we speak.
The guy next to me in class smells like straight cigs. Yep I'm for sure leaving class early now -_-
- Enjoy our featured artists Rocco & Rahj on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio! Where The Jazz Is Always Smoother!
I am convinced digestion is the great secret to life.
It's too bad sports stadiums are designed around a "gameday experience" and money-sucking instead of the game.
Ran into some of the folks from Giant beginning the move. Welcome to the neighborhood!!
when you graduate from grad school
And to the person who bought food on to the plane it smells like sick! :-(
other tragedies of the day: my grammar. #alamw12 #alise12 ugh.
i know denzel just said the same thing but i aint gun sing nun
June 20th at The Conservatory.
For first time, highway bill specifically mentions 'teen safety' thanks to
she was very sassy!
Sounds like a good time RT Ready and waiting! :)
and College Tour 2012 EVENT in MIAMI BEACH ...LETS GET THIS GOING! GET AT ME
maybe u can write about Mathieu and Marie.. but that's not that interesting
Its a warm 14 degrees in in denver co
Google's Valentine doodle this morning is ADORABLE!
Talk to your doc/nutritionist to find out what you're lacking. Balance should help regrow your hair if deficiency was the cause.
The English lads are having a sing song at The Queen Vic.....come down for your Sunday roast
Save The Date: Sat 2/18. Special Beer Sommelier and Chef Brunch!
get your ass to the library and give me some of that asian smartness for Physics.
Come out to #CannonCoffee this Saturday for an evening of coffee, music, and community!
do not think when you have everything, it was the perfect thing for you
Let the dog out of the vagina so she can pee
no but will thanks for the suggestion
enjoyed my first BL video workout - AWESOME!!!
Power outage means all this weekends games must be replayed next week.
I miss your show "Big Life"..Good to see you on DWTS though...Go get him girl!!
Reserve October 7th "Learn & Breakfast" to hear Honeywell FM&T's story ---how they've earned the highest recognition for excellence in USA.
yeah I got an arcade room
First peppermint mocha of the season!!
you have it all except chicken n waffles. ;)
Fitness Fact: Exercise causes your body to release endorphins, which make you feel
And I complained about about Cleveland weather??
2 O' Clock has been the longest of them all ...
New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in
now u are :p
lol yup. Even now to every person I talk to I'm not that talkative to. Unless its someone I know and like.
Sorry to see you go Brandon. Thanks for all the great moments you provided us here in the D. We will always consider you to be one of us!!
Guess who needs a carpel tunnel arm brace.
ok what the fuck. i give up. this isn't even worth it. my videos suck & less than half of my susbcribers even watch them anyway.
Who NY Giants win! 🏈
It was funny how this kid randomly was like , "You have dimples Selena ? Aww :D " Lol. Mmmhm ^.~ ?
leaving in less than 16 hrs..i should probably start packing
Thank you for the $20,000!! check at #SHINE! We are so grateful for your support!
looking through a magazine in el Salvador.. It said he was the new bieber and I got mad. Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
Merry Christmas to you, too! The whole family is going over to my parents', as soon as we get situated. Good times.
Has a new favorite thing.... Korean BBQ! So fun and tasty!
I wonder if CHICAGO will Riot if PUNK loses?
Will do ! Thanks..
What's the deal?!
Just back from work. Home alone. Can only mean another take out pizza from the consistently superb Marinara extra anchovies.
Now Way! Those are amazing!
if you missed submitting your journal, drop journal 4 in the journal 5 drop box for partial credit.
Is it to early to make love in Lex? Maybe
hahaha. silly munkee. I thought you were running again?
Chongas and Tennis Shoes 👩🎾
This game is all over the place!
Peace Why Allah!
No you have to go for me man
Post production fine tuning at the studio. Live dates are coming, we promise.
you're a gentleman!
thanks for the love Mike.
Mom was amused. I told her she gets two Mother's Days this year. :-)
In "Candide," no one gets out without a merciless jab or two.
Omw to see stinky :)
Dang everyone I'm texting is drunk.
I could never have imagined that TMobile would have been such a blessing for our daughter! Feeling so blessed and grateful!
More for the speech bubble: “: we want to continue the Collegiate Readership Program and pay for the research symposium. #CV4G”
Playing live on this Weds, Aug 17 6pm. Duets with yes!
sounds kind of fascinating to me. no?
when can i get down with the team?
I've been so productive today!
Hell yeah, he leaving now on a helicopter, he was signing autographs for a min
yeah I'm good now & she good too
My delight! Great & varied discussion re: jobs, taxes, budgets, Chelsea's Law, etc. Wish everyone could hear your solutions.
I lovee and i think he should follow me(: <3
I heartily agree, thank goodness for we are almost up to date here
Slam by YES YES YES
Thanks for the RT!
Love that we both have the same interest in being of service to kids. Peace my man
Was the email from someone's parental unit? Like how I cried for 3 weeks while you were in MN?
i wouldn't trust myself driving down any road at age 85.
I kno he got it cause he lookin' at me like he want it <3
Ahh Young Love <3 Its So Beautiful
editing 's talk from last week in the SLab. SUCH a great talk! Can't wait to get the podcast out for everyone.
#getit thanks, rick! bringing those envelopes out right now...
that sure will get u more girls tho...everyone loves a hot model (; lol
I don't know what I'm more upset about, saying bye to my friends or saying bye to chopt
Happy Birthday !!!
VDay weekend in Vermont with my love <3
2004 Tandem Zin can't wait
Not leaving until this rain stops
Fear factor is freaking disgusting...
Why is it 100 degrees in only my room? Fuuuuuuuh
Such A Nice Day Out! ^_^
*sings in your ears* ace ace ace ace ace ace ace you want me to tell ma mama you love ma hair?? ahahahah quoets from de song
I love idea: If you're not sure about honoring or condemning Paterno, consider donating to a charity that protects children.”
In #wisn12 morning meeting talking story ideas..1 thought is gas prices dropping. What have you paid lately?
Twitter peeps GET early request in for & on RIGHT NOW! What songs you need at 5p?
LMAO! I just finished watching it with my mom. Yeah, she bothers me as a person and I felt bad for Keisha.
"He brought his cat to practice?" "Yeah." "Yeah, he's gay." lmao, oh DaddyJackson <3
Well obviously I need to stay up to talk to you on twitter duh
I Just Got Off The Phone Wit Rell, He In Kentucky Deed Right Now.
ℱℴℓℓℴω always interesting
Flopping back and forth between #DODGERS &
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always cost more -Merle Shain
Can someone point me to the part of 's budget where he says what special interest tax loopholes it closes?
#SwaggyB really going to do work later in Canton!
Winners always want the ball. No exception to that rule. It's true in football, in business, and in life.
So much for the #Indians leaving their injury woes in 2011. Haven't played a game yet and Sizemore and Perez are already hurt.
HAHA! Tiff is sleepy! This is what she gets for staying up with someone who has Insomnia! Haha:)
Just finished breakfast (just juice for me) and now we're getting ready for the first practice of the day
please do NOT follow , just report him for spam. Please report for spam because he is a spammer and a big baby
Good Lawd! I just saw this tweet Ebony. OMG! Maclin's new protege.
Hip Hop is not 1 hit wonder songs, its a way of life!!! its a "CULTURE" that i grew up to love...I will keep it alive...(STREET MUZIK)
I really wonder where people or how they find my instagram.... imageisamount
Ugh, I can't go back to sleep.
All these great deals on the market is right #ontime , get in where ya fit in.
Korsakov is my favorite brand of vodka!
much better than Sudden Death. Haha.
- I was thinking of you, too!
Is the silent drill event still on today despite the rain?
it's funny what can result when you hate the world ;P
Some 'Rest' day this turned out 2 b....7 appts on 3hrs sleep.
Cash games already popping, see you when you get here RT : On my way to Aruba early for the ..should be an epic trip :)
I've been watching too much #Punk'd so I'm punking a friend on Monday!
May 15 ish. How bout you?
its never late for anything!
Fuck it, i'm turning in my English report on Friday. I'm so tired
I know! It was a very cool moment to sit down with him and have him answer everyone's Qs.
Yes, you definitely would!
I have been enjoying way more my mac mini since i bought an #appl keyboard and mouse!
girl girl girl GIRL !! I GOTTA TALK TO YOU LBVS
how's the new kiddo bud? Hope alls well, enjoy the offseason!
and this kid thought that *geographically* America was as big as Africa, because they 'looked the same on the map'
15 minutes later I ask myself what I am watching.
CAN'T WAIT TILL PRANKSTARS!!
Just bring as many people as you possibly can
My copy of Marshall's book came today. Can't wait to read. Let the JLB book club begin!
itz bout to b #GrimeySeason all ova again.Summer an Winter but for 2012 it mite jus b year-round jus kuz i feel like tearin shyt up dis year
Eating watermelon like my life depended on it. LOL
Just made a gifboom
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside
check yo email, dude!
just signed up for the fall league of KICKBALL, so so excited!
you took your time to call .& i took my time to fall
This dudes presentation is about to be less insightful than charles barkley calling a womans field hockey match
Today's Fun Fact: The Wright brothers' first flight was shorter than the wingspan of a Boeing 747.
We're finishing this week with a bridal & starting off next week with a child portrait sesh & finishing it with a maternity sesh.
i dm'ed you
Check out our new promotion at www.giveadaygetanight.com
lol maybe a bit
Enjoy your time in Ocean City!
James Maddock - Chance - 06:48 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Omg I feel so high society at this golf course. lol. DJ Pre-mo mixing it up at a wedding in the party room of a golf course.
Sounds like world war in mr. Wallace's class & me and are just sitting here on our phones.
Sloan and I wish you and yours a very happy, adventure-filled Valentine's Day!
"Low Battery, connect charger!" Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself. -_-
I always use hand sanitizer. Why wash your hands and then touch that awful, germy bathroom door? :)
Checking in @ Fairgrounds in NO for the 10th Race of Louisiana Derby! Got my eye on a few Derby hopefuls like Mark Valeski & Cigar St.
Off to the pretty beach to boogie board! :D
I know I've been slacking with my daily words of wisdom but I got some for you today that's sure to improve your day & lift your spirits
Flu season peaks late in MN. Dozens of Edina School kids feeling the effects @ 9:20on Fox 9.
sorry, I sent that from the wrong account. I always do that. XD lol it's
oh really?
BTW, self submit on LACasting, I've booked that way even WITH an agent. You need to show a commercial reel, 1 is ok
Easiest. Interview. Ever.
is it always like that?? #I'veBeenToChicagoButIForgot :)
#tech2012 revolving door between companies and law enforcement. Google and AT&T look to government for biz; bad incentives to coop
I hate it when dj's say "this is grown folks music," then bleep out all suggestive lyrics. Ain't shit grown about a censored song, sir...
OF COURSE. Gotcha. ;)
If i ever stop fucking with you its because you stop fucking with me
Reception a great success! 50 ppl. registered for WALK, #City National Bank and #Newark Museum there to support! Special thanks to #Loft 47!
Good luck!
miss you too bella
RT : ACTION ALERT: Hillcrest Pride Flag project to reviewed by City Council on May 15
THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS (NASDAQ:THLD) ANNOUNCES POSITIVE PHASE 2B CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS OF TH-302 IN PATIENTS WITH PANCREATIC CANCER
Alright don't text me back then
- Ur Twitter feed just came across Field. I still keep up with you. How much Facebook stock are you buying up?
Happy Birthday :] hope you'er having a great one
haha they entertained me alright :3
No school. Quince Pictures:D
Nap time
Headed over to manayunk brew pub for PAMA networking happy hour-hope to see you there tweeties
Yup. Things seem to be going my way :)
~Love the sound of rain~
appreciate you RT's!!!
did you see connors prom pictures? WHAT A NUGGET
Oy. Sometimes I tweet political things and then remember I hate people who do that. Mea culpa. I deleted it.
how is it there cause I want to check it out? I've heard a lot of good reviews so far
Really? My school was messed up then.
hope your trip to the WI north woods was life-changing;). Can't wait to see the vids you produce.
Finished your expert setup. I hope you like it. Please let me know if you have any questions.
RT the terrorists won on that one
God knew not to give me a bubble butt cause id bounce tht shit all the time.. but it still doesn't stop me
I beleive you get something later in the season too... Right David?
oh really I did not know
I need numbers new phone no contacts message me with the number or if you got it text me
Thank you, thank you verrr much
YOU are beautiful. Never forget that.
I'm hooked on #TheHungerGames! Love love love!
Handwriting specialist! This kid. That was good. If anyone would like to see the email I would be happy to cut and paste...wait let me do it
The KCA's were awsome last night it was so cute and funny when got slimed :P ge is so Awsome
congratulations Auntie Crystal & fam!
We won't be publishing any articles this week so if you have any questions make sure you tweet us!
To say the least... : I'm intrigued."
wasn't him in the picture.
good mornin hustla's.... make it a great day man
I didn't know Mr. Phillips, but anyone who volunteered in the name of music is alright by me. #np Here's To Life
Doing my unique dance squirmy thing *giggle*
