Don't confuse activity with productivity and progress (via )
pg. 27 but she also handed out a project but you can get that from her.
Runway loves her wine - she is off to try these wineries
When people fear the alternatives less than they fear maintaining the status quo, then you are poised to win. What can you do to educate?
Dear Grammys: Each year you pretend to want younger people to watch, yet you continue to NOT be LIVE Coast to Coast. I'll watch Twitter!
I wanna go to Canada! Is it cold there?
I love writing about Web trends and want to join the Digital Journalist team, per your Tweet. Want a data journalist?
S/O to my new follower :)
When you say WISCONSIN! You said it all!
Working nights is....interesting. Hopefully the next gig I get will be more day oriented. I miss having a social life.
This isn't about intelligence. It's about honesty. I think you're being disingenuous about what you wrote.
Breaking News: signs on as Media Sponsor for #MCC2012 & the 2012 Global Generation Awards. We can't wait for September!
It's almost American Heart Assoc. month! Do you have your red ready for wear RED day on Feb 3???
@ Drais in Hollywood just saw Simone Caldwell I really wanted to say let Astro win and we good lol.
#Phish live stream on the Bunny all weekend from #SuperBall in Watkins Glen, NY www.livephish.com
I fucking HATE rich people!!
Was recently told (by two separate people): You saved my live, and you're an answer to my prayers. Definitely a boost!
$1 off Signature drinks all night with our bar open til 1am! Kitchen open til midnight daily!
Tomorrow, I'll be tweeting from at and the Children's Museum #jhuNYC where we'll be discussing interactives
Or a rapist?
"play sumfin I can shake mah butt to"
Yes...I think she didn't offer much of a "buy in" to the singing! LOL!
Hey... If you come to Minnesota, me and will take you to the Mall of America. (;
Good night world! Well technically it's morning...I don't care, I'm going to bed!
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law
Complete joke if u think I'm going to be paying attention in night class tonight...or staying the entire time
One of my favorite #ElementarySchoolMemories was getting to go to after school to get a Happy Meal!
he is big and ugly. lmao
We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise why even be here?
That's his serious face
• Feel like I made my debut on tv...
their tenderness
Thanks CELTX TEAM. Please fix it ASAP. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. CAN'T WAIT TO USE IT...BEST
you have NO idea how happy I was to see him come down with an appendicitis, he was such a mean player. They are all
My college classes...boring as shit
im guessing you are watching the race or something :)
Really it could be with anybody, I just like fondue
First date with #Drupal Feeds module...
: It is now my turn to celebrate Valentines day, cooking up a dinner at home tonite A day off?ill take a day off when I'm dead.
SRSLY. Am I the only one who can never get webinar software to work?
Its been so hard since my children's father passed away before the twins were born. They will be one this year and man has it been hard
The best way to fight Wall St. is by supporting Main St. Shop Local this holiday.
Ugh I HATE being cold...and im like freezing...dumb
RT : I wish I could just sit down somewhere and read.
I pin WAY to much. I think people may get irritated.
Working on a new big band chart on my tune that I debuted on my recital 2 weeks ago: Lit by Lightning for the IfCM big band reading...
I love 's background singers right now on Jimmy Kimmel!
well yea i was taking a summer course in Utah but ive been back now haha & on to what ever else is next haha...hows skool?
Beautiful day on the Hilltop
countdown is on. One week away. or after party? Fun times!
Sick as road trip im having!
STOPLIGHT DANCE. Red; Taken. Yellow; Caution. Green; Single. Purple; DTF. 😂
To know me is to love me...If you dont like me, then FUCK YOU!!!!!
followed them :)
Today I saw a full-grown woman riding a skateboard.
NO. wanna know who's hot? look in a mirror. <3
Finally watching the conclusion of the legendary #SidneyPoitier's life experiences & lessons on 's
how'd that season ticket thing work out, anyway?
Ringing in opening day by discreetly watching the game on my computer at work.
I hate number crunching! This is art within the numbers.
88 days and counting until my next BIG #adventure in #travel. :) Where are you today? Share your story!
Wow. captivating #tedxol, treat the world as a design problem. Innovate at the speed of what if, at the cost of duct tape.
Game 2 Heat Pacers was down to wire I knew this series would be exciting.
Thanks. Looking forward to seeing you in June! Send the radio show!
ordering shoes online
What is code 403 in Twitter? Does that mean I am in jail? lol
Mainstream media has shown it's true face with their treatment of Occupy Wall St coverage...thx for being on the groundfloor...
Haha its cuz I'm so damn cool ;) I just wanna html them sometimes!! x)
you're spectacular! :)
Ever caught yourself smiling at the tv cause someone you like is on it? # howembarrasing
Last night was amazing<3 I haven't laughed or had so much fun in a while(:
Excuse me?And it's because parents will tell you they look trashy and reflect badly on them.
Black Mamba BOI
and of course im in feckin LA .. =(
Warm but damp last day of Summer in NJ. Happy Labor or Labour Day wherever your Summer is coming to unofficial close! Keep the sun shining!
Hopkins Homewood... we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area Monday 11-2
Is taste testing Jack Daniels in Lynchburg, TN
High today 70° . . .Guess who lost a friendly wager wouldn't get to 70 today
Nice. RT 1 turd to Deputy Sheriffs Assoc board majority for thinking a leadership coup now will somehow impact the Sheriff race.
Thank you! for the RT : RT : Don't do anything you don't feel good about. Get clear with yourself first.
Hugo was pretty wonderful.
its the new guy army. Hes real nice
she horny and she dnt know it lol
Sounds wonderful! Can't wait to see pics of the gingerbread house. City Tavern smells like sweet potato pecan biscuits. yum.
I figured that would happen at some point. RT : Bono sighted on Broadway.
Try using roasted red peppers-same color, similar texture. Flavor should work.
So much happening: not sure what to post. Thank you UN for doing your job. Thank you Japan for standing firm through this crisis.
“: Braun crushes his second homer of the night reaching the top deck of the Western Metal Supply Co." -they give a distance Tom?
Heart and prayers go out to everyone in Japan!
Sarcasm noted.
hey look! my 20th tweet!! hah!
i needa stop bs'n... get some work done & sleep
yeah it usually is, people give me a weird look when i say my mom does all the drinking
oh. I don't think they will dare do that wit Pawan's film. So far as i know, industry predicts GS to be one of the top 3 grossers
where hope, humanity and hygiene come to die.
Don't hurry, don't worry. You're only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
im kinda thirsty <<<<
seriously..whats new. they always do that. :(
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. You piece of shut.
If anyone should be mad its the folks in hood struggling to make ends meet. That's worth punching a glass over...
Yeah, but those will mostly be on Halloween now.
Gotta say #Kobe be playing through them injuries
A lovely tribute to Dick Clark!~ #DWTS <3
Can #SomebodyTellMeWhy #MTV is still called #MusicTelevision.. They need to flip the M over and change it to
Travel safe man
Glad I got to see you, too, my little stufflebeam.
Off at 5
You are an old black lady and a liar. You claim to be a Christian but you talk out the otherside of your mouth!
#Librarians -- Trying to solidify my web presence. Is it better to be branded as '"something"librarian' or just use your full, real name?
They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
I'll need you guys to follow me, so I can send you some information :)
Watching a track meet at the Olympic Training Center today! #excited !
start writing versus & we'll give you a beat!
Getting my butt kicked in Scramble with Friends!
My VIC20 is in pieces, I took it apart to put on wall in college (really impressed the ladies :).
I hear he won a Stoker for some awesome book called "Black and Orange."
i think i made a hundred on my science project, if not im gonna be pissed.
Chilling listen to the #MiddayMix on with the college graduate & #Fire :)
User experience is about more than usability. What is purpose, who is intended audience? Is content presented consistently?
Today's wines 's Local Underground Tent Party for free sampling and glass purchase - 4 of 6 - Santa Julia Reserve Pinot Noir
#barkingdog The owner leaves every morning at 6:30, why do I know/care, the barking begins every day at 6:30am (Pit bull w deep bark) (sigh)
Did your wingman ever text you? We're always there for you, you never have to wait on our number ;)
Come on in. Sell away. (But goats, in my experience, eat everything in sight...bad for biz?)
Is she in love? I'll tell you on the next 5 minutes, :)
Still giving up too many offensive boards.
"Boo" as in "even when I'm with my boo"?
I feel safer on the interwebs knowing we've got grammar nazis like yourself on the job waiting to pounce on every missed comma
Beautiful day. Always good to be alive
Never make your girl feel like she is in competition with any other girl.
thanks Erin! Looking forward to it already!
I believe this only 2000 following limit on #twitter is crap but they probably know how to handle their network better than me
Audition Tip: Minimize page turns when preparing audition music. No blank pages – keep back-to-back.
My thought of the day: Will Brandon Inge make it thru April?
hahahaha that is the best thing ever
Yep. DM us your address & we'll mail some out.
actually you are lol. U gave you my number. So put it to use.
My all-time fav quote will guide my 2012, too: Visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams? ~O. Welles
yeah i just didnt have celery, the apples are what make it taste good obvi lol
Appaholic: Top 5 kosher eating apps - Jerusalem Post
Ahh when are you putting up another video??:)<3 (follow?)
Thanks, Sean! That means a lot from you! Long way from the Sandbox but still keep the collaborative coworking concept close :)
#Boyfriend is bomb. <3JustinBieber
Do you want us to advertise this?! I thought UW tried to keep these events on the DL..
After all this time justin still cant spell "yeater" i love him.
Uw doesn't do that though. See jp gavinski you ignorant sob
I was just listening to it yesterday it brought back so much memories :) i love it!
A #realman never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if she is already his.
Blessings to you on your birthday; it is a joy to know you and your powerful spirit!
Playing good defense
i think that shits awesome
such a cute pic of you and Olivia!
What you pay attention to, strengthens.
give her an autographed rookie card.
I'm sorry, but "more recent?". It's still from 2008. ;)
what's so gross ?
Chris found the masters to an old (2005) cover we recorded of Righteous & the Wicked by #RedHotChilliPeppers. This may see light soon. ;)
This might as well be dubbed the period of temporary insanity.
Smh.. RT RT #TheSlander is alright...until it's about your team. > jus don't say nothing about LA n I'm good..
Check out the band Zechs Marquise if you haven't already. I'm still trying to pick up the fragments of my mind that were blown away.
Elvis in the HOUSE!
Looking like it's going to be a long job for Exxon, they're flying another Guy out from Louisiana to help me. Hope the weather stays nice.
Just confirmed, Nugget Markets will partner with us for our Dinner under the Stars Fundraiser Sept. 17. We'll keep you posted on the details
Celebrating St. Paddy's w/ a house margarita-- hey, the lime is green-- & guac & chips.
I think the game will be dominated by 2 man teams in the long run. You need team options to deal with bad matchups
Thanks for the RT, Patrick! Best of luck in all your commitments.
Have semi-finalists been notified yet? Or is there still hope?!
it's about our PM. It doesn't matter is our PM is from BN or PR.
can we discuss Disney ideals tonight again?
yours too
“Winning is a habit. Watch your thoughts, they become your beliefs.” ~Vince Lombardi
Adam Beyer of De Pere on fire for the Green Bay Gunners in Waukegan.
We've signed up for Restaurant Week for lunch & dinner! Check out the menus at www.baltimorerestaurantweek.com and make your reservation!
Not really in the best of moods right now and Idk why but I'm a hit my nigga Al since he just got home from Tome
Don't you hate when you try to type something and use improper Grammer.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ... I need to go smoke .
Wow this game is a constant sprint! Wish I was in St. Louis to see it live.
Is the inrerview over ?
Praying for better days for me and my family. We really could benefit from better lifestyles. I worry about my fam so much...
Had dinner tonight at 94th Aero Squadron Restaurant. Love this place! Located inside a replica of a World War I French farmhouse!
What if quizzes measured kids' ability to question, not answer.
lol that sucks
For more info about THE EROTIC CHALLENGE call 310-806-2123 Clifhanger Productions
good morning everyone!!!!
Slept in, got free pancakes at IHOP, bought some new music, went to the pool. Today was a nice day!
you could probably handle them better than I could though!
4/21 National Surprise Drug Test Day
I loved every minute of it. So proud of you!
Rain Fitness is open 8am to 7pm today (Sunday November 27th)
Dear amazon, please send me #thebookthief soon so I can participate in book club this month. Like today.
Thank you for such a wonderful Promo...DM your address and I will send you a signed copy!
Watched#nsn I luv justin so much his dreams came true im so proud of him always#belieber hope someday that could happen2me
Okay, pretty sure I'll go too but we seriously do! :-)
Perfect choice! We hope you get to enjoy a glass tonight.
Plz you beautiful people talk to me?
who allows these idiots to put this crap out??
That being said I'm looking forward to hearing what he has to say.
I think that will become the norm as searching happens on network and campus libs book colls redefined as finite space.
thats because CHI-TOWN is thhee BESTT(: got my tickets!! Cant wait TO MEET YOU GUYS <33333 pllleeasssseeeee RT!?
tipsy typo and shyt
Im going to #read myself to #sleep This will work either b/c I am going blind and hurting my eyes, or b/c Im #tired, I hope it is the latter
Last night was a wild night to say the least
#WatchTheGameOfThrones RT been watching Game Of Thrones like a mug...
chucks place is right down the street from my school.
Silly rabbit, I know why they call you that, cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
Im am still awake 👀
I know this makes me a bad person, but I spent Record Store Day listening to
PAINT. THE. WALL.
ive got your camera
I-40, WB, is closed at 98th street. More road conditions on krqe.com.
SF Beer Week Feb 11-20, 2011. There's even an app for that!
#nerdfighteriaworlddomination RT : HANK! On The Price Is Right! Right now! Someone is wearing a DFTBA shirt.
Nick Young: The no-passin' assassin.
Selena is not to Will you give me number the Justin Bieber (your boyfriend)
Doors are open! Catch Freedom Speaks, Erika Flowers and AM-PM from Boston tonight at Eiffel.
SHOCK: Congressman Is Asked, 'Who Is Going To Shoot Obama? www.tncnews.com
Who is this girl in the middle on E? Does she has a purpose?
Who's up for brunch? Head over here for brunch, espresso and 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas. What a great way to start a Saturday!
"Break my heart for what breaks Yours."
Changing the paradigm of urban development to reach more sustainable and inclusive cities is needed.
is soon to be a great role model. I will see you at the top!! -
RT Peppers, cucumber, broccoli, tomatoes, olives and that's only 1/2 of the ingredients! Try our Ave Chopped Salad tonight!
"I wanted to send u something sexy...but the mailman made me get out of the mailbox"
can't get enough of lake louie kiss the lips IPA
and partner to commemorate Fenway's 100th by hosting the Guinness World Records largest toast in a single venue today!
Great morning! Did some snorkeling. Then saw a monk seal and a sea turtle chilling on the beach!
Well spoken. I will forever assert that spinning #vinyl is an artform. Let the people say Aymenz.
Discover your gifts, follow them and you will never feel stressed. Pavel Stoyanov
what people do to stay young...hahaha
is jealous that I'm cooler than him (;
Iceland Plans Corporate Eurobond Comeback as Default Legacy Dims
Happy #openingday everyone! Go !!
Anybody have a good photo of them in their Kentucky Derby outfits? Big hat and mint julep required!
i mean princeton
Yep, that's a very old tradition. Then again, being gay is just as age old when you really think about it. :)
Almost ready to start the broascast of the Timbers game on Estrella TV and La Pantera 940am
You Going Thru Trials & Tribulations, We Smilin While Packing,For Out Of The States Vacations
Big win! #GoCoyotes! Way to force another home game. Hopefully Torres will be there.
Sup'd grad students yesterday-so fun to see skills and self confidence blossom at this pt in the sem! #ashaless11 but not w/o #slpeeps!
how often do they visit you?
Planned Parenthood has killed far more females than breast cancer.
Seatac need to work on access to light rail. Through the parking lot? Really?
Finally got to Gold with Look out soy lattes!
Sorry for the really late reply -.- , ijust haveent been one here for a while lol &&' So how you benn?(:
Will you two participate in #APSA's Virtual Brown Bag: Landed a Job: Now What? Starts at noon!
. definitely just picked up Ron Washington saying naughty words.
not like the Twins, bold-stroke indeed...I think the inmates were running the asylum, and I think warden-Gardenhire was not happy...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 97
Wow...ok. that phone verification shizz just blew my mind. Dang ole technology!
Sent you a direct message. Look forward to seeing you at the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am!! :)
Chef's table @ Next. Wow.
how was the concert at raleigh
For more up-to-the-minute #Bears news and information, follow our managing editor —he’s trying to make it to 2,000 followers!
Thats awesome! I love her. I def miss the az music scene
Adele wins everything!
OH. salad, anyone?
where you at home? I dunno yet, maybe tied up already!
So...I've decided tumblr is much better than twitter.
RT : #nw "The Interrupters". U must watch it
Dropped it nasty tonight
Fone fina die.
If this isn't a reason to bring back teaching creativity and the arts in school, I don't know what is
Good morning!
#StopSDGEPowerlink Deception: December 2008, SDG&E says it will not build Sunrise if it’s forced to carry only renewable power.
tomorrow is friday !!!!
really wants to go to the Cake Boss bakery.
I am, thank you. I trust you are as well, Ms. Ward?
Agreed! Happy #newyear! RT That's an impressive lineup!
i hate yogurt. but frozen yogurt, that's a whole different story
Sabine Publications is proud to present GROSVENOR SQUARE, the acclaimed debut novel by Katherine Ann Meyer! Available NOW!
I want a milk shake
sounds good
If I could choose a superpower it would be telekinesis. That way I don't need to move any part of my body.
yes sir! Why? Because its the cup! Ain't that some shit
Wishing everyone a great 2012!
aww snap #muppet man himself is on twitter. wakka-wakka-welcome!
Like tacos? Half priced? Like Evan Christian come to
Well then. I guess I know who to go to next time I need t-shirts!
I need to find that Mac n cheese pot pie recipe! Yum. “: Today: The co-hosts put their spin on a favorite dish - Mac N' Cheese!"
wonderful, we're looking forward to the conference! Glad to buy you a cup of coffee if you have any questions.
Dotel enters with a 3-1 count, two men on and the winning run at the plate.
I was going to walk up and get tix on the 18th, but now I am thinking I might need to buy them in advance. :)
thank you for reaching out, Omar. Appreciate your input.
Friends, FB Fans & Tweeters our upcoming promo is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich. Hope you all have enjoyed our freebies.
For what its worth, its rainy and overcast here in RDU. Indoor workout?
True. But most ppl see "history" as fundamentally disconnected from the present anyway, so not sure how much of a diff it makes
Alone on my birthday...hm...lots of possibilities. So far, so good! I'm feelin' the virtual love coming my way...
stop by soon! We'd love to have you! The samsa are great and I love the chocolate tarts!
Officially done with classes for the semester! 3 exams then home
if the question is about CCFD v TOT they are completely different. CCFD is a property tax. TOT is on transient.
Sorry, Twitter, #vanhalen is not similar to
Its been a while Razorback weightroom.
Co Signin' Ya Single Bruh, Crazy!!
Guess I'm walking this week while the wheel gets rebuilt. [-]
Wow.... Long shot into second! Good job I'll have Another!
I'm feeling that!:-)
What is happening indeed?!
😱 Happy Cinco De Mayo!
#TellTribune This whole DIRECTV and issue is ridiculous! Now I'll miss the #Blackhawks game tonight; 1st game I'd miss this season!
Kyoto's been dead since the day it was signed
i will say, being able to understand German would help me a lot here. i need to get on that sort of thing.
do we have any hw today??
So HOT outside!
you should defintely follow me
big fan Anderson! Absolutely adorable!:D
It was glorious.
I'm bouts to go celebrate Cinco De Mayo!!!!
This sucks so much
nice picture you have, Earl Hindmann
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
RT : #whoop just made a couple hundred more.whoop i did to
We should be happy for justin no matter what. We have those times where we let each other down, but hes ours and we're his. no matter what.
Whats the deal with this merch pack thingerdo, ? I want one!
Yes, but unfortunately you never know what kind of person the lighthouse keeper is.
It'd be nice to see some craft brews that would compliment your food better. Great food deserves great beer!
Aww. How cute, you can type!
time 2 get ruthless w/ those slides! : )RT : Still trying to squeeze 67 slides into 9 minutes..
Beijing training going well
Robert Shiller let's make nonprofits & #philanthropy MORE FUN, more participatory for donors
Its to early for work.. Why do I have to be opening manager? I wanna be late!!
Shower was amazing
Rest sweet Elizabeth you were so tireless in life and humanity its your time to be peaceful. We are so thankful for you.
"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds". Gordon B. Hinckley
Haha I'm thinking McDonald's...dollar menu..sound good ? :)
setting>general>accessibility>assistive touch I(:
Gracias primo. My videos are still in post production but I'm hoping to get some stuff online very soon!
RT if you have ever been bullied, any type! Make sure you're following then check your DMs<3
hm, which shirt to wear today? #decisions #decisions 🏁
RT : Milan: I can't blow hard enough!
Blah ppl txt me
i wanna thank all the iammes for bein there for meh i <3 u guyz
nooooway. Not even those characters on pokemon are gingers. Except for misty.
I need my journal! To writting I get (: goodnight everyone. Hope you all sleep wonderfully.
"Lenin and Woodrow Wilson were the two great propagandists for the right of nations to self-determination." ~ Affirmative Action Empire
There's always one kid who takes a good 30 longer than everyone else on tests
Jeez. My teacher didn't pass this girl.
I have been in a continuous state of highness since Monday. Goodness gracious.
My mood is so much better today just because I cleaned my room yesterday, when did I become such a neat freak?
just killed a lil spider on my desk.. i think he was a spider
My cousin does the best Call me maybe dance! Hehe
Having a better day
hey sorry bout earlier
Good! Now I am sick. Blah! I am home this wknd for a wedding.
I've officially reached the "muttering and swearing under my breath" step of my Ruby on Rails project.
Exciting opening day for the Red Jacket Little League this past Saturday. I have always and will continue supporting them.
*slow clap*
My 3 boys give Lorax movie a big thumbs up! Wife & I enjoyed it too.
I look good , I look fine *Hair flip*
For fuk-sake leave me alone
Gaming's a ? in CA + $477m is > Spanoses ever suggested they'd pay. Also, keep in mind the Wilf's $ includes $200m from the NFL.
No matter how bad things get you got to go on living, even if it kills you.
trying this new twitter on my site
u know i promise with my self i wont cry now.......... watching hachiko but everythime i broke my promise my self lol :(
Girls can leave the toilet seat down but guys can't leave it up?
I'm thinking of a number in betwen 1 and I've had too much Bourbon.
Well hello there!
BIG congrats to all of our friends on the news. We'll miss you and wish you the best of luck! You have played a key role for us. :)
the only thing i hate about hookah is the side affects, here come the headaches and stomach aches t(-_-t)
“: ": You're only young once, but you can be immature forever." Can I get an AMEN?!” - AMEN! ♋
woo what a day!!! welcome to 2012 Rickie Lee its gonna be a busy year for you!!
Should be, just bump him to Tuesday.
Morning twitter...am I the only person who didn't watch the grammys last night....#onceuponatime and #walkingdead was so much better
" #SOMEDAY I will get the mike Tyson tattoo on my face" Ahahahahhaa !
Never confuse movement with action. -- Ernest Hemingway
Loving the rainy weather in Manchester....although I should've brought my galoshes instead of furry boots
yes. At least there is
Probably. Though I rather enjoy watching you shoot the fish in the barrel that are the RIM-folk.
Need a ride and a ticket to the Hampton game? We got you www.friendsofhowardfootball.org only $55!
I just want to let everyone know.... um. I'm NOT in the mood today...
that will take a few visits! We're in your neighborhood until 8 if you get out early, btw.
If you don't come to Circle-A Cafe at 8, you're missing a good time! and and will be there!
"Blake Griffin" Oh yeah. He's not Kobe. But he dunks well.
I wanna hold your hand, making love again...I need to be near youu
#DancerProblems can't keep a pedicure for more than 3 days lol
I refuse to participate in this recession. As the economy continues to tank, my income has skyrocketed!!! DM me to learn how you can too =)
It is pretty shitty to steal somebodies content. You should at least say sorry. I mean you liked it enough to steal.
#DePaul technology offices allow you to borrow anything! Remember to ask and explore all the resources.
Yessssssir. #hoosiers #iubb RT : Indiana really is going to win the National Championship next year.
ha! That's incredible!
“: I hate hate hate DC Cabs. " says at least they stop for you. Traffic is our enemy.
:) It's a great day to celebrate all things beautiful this Monday.
9AM on a Saturday, and a todo list as long as my arm. Guess I should start.
I love snuggling under a blanket in a thunderstorm!! 💗
Ok...as promised, its 2011 and Mad Frog is getting tweety this year. Check us out Thursday night: UZI, Federal & Co., Those Guys! 18+ 10pm.
In the yo with makin hits .. #SHOUTOUT to for holding me Down .. Muah
It's like Holmgren and Heckert have been saying about Colt.
yo I'm gonna find the no retreat no surrender t shirt
Yo is 1-8 lifetime vs STL with an ERA > 6.00. They're like angry birds to him. I'm more of a Words With Friends guy... Lol
Happy B Day!
thank you! You are too. <3
#Packers Ticket Giveaway Starts soon! Get down to Brass Monkey 2 #Milwaukee!! 700 East Layton! Go Pack Go!!
See on Wisc Ave, #ClevelandPark: man painting a picture of Murphy's before it disappears. When I spoke to him abt his work, he glared at me.
this has to be the 1st time ive seen the words comcast, free, and works great in the same sentence ;)
Late night, early morning.
CAVU is the new YOLO. Shout out to President George H. W. Bush.
the kid is constant entertainment!
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Lesson #3 from the rabbi at #ideaseconomy is Response - or the Sputnik moment and how we deal with change
What ? They've been telling the cheerleaders that for decades ;-)
You ok?
For the Brewers pitchers, strikeouts are an absolute must.": Ryan Braun should have thrown the ball to second."
get that edumacation boy!!!
😪what a beautiful relationship
I finally saw Red Tails. The movie was good. Had me on the edge of my seat!
Its a bit late but i want to see Hugo
You are entirely correct, it WOULD be fun to watch...months of cackling LOL :)
No, Should I ?
Dude from lady antebellum needs to button it up one. C'mon bro.
did you see if I had one?
RT I determine that my life will be used to bring HONOR! Honor to those beside me, those following behind me, & those who've gone b4!
but what to expect from the author of "The Clash of Ideas in World Politics: Transnational Networks, States, and Regime Change, 1510-2010"?
That has happened to me these past days...it happened today too and no one heard me :(
O.M.G , 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL MY TABLET COMES ! :D Uqqh, Someone REPLY ! XO :P
thanks for the RT
Remain calm! I want to know all the details when you accept their offer!
Can it be Friday already? Can be here already? #2days #itsnotthatfar... Lol
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Cross promote across your own platforms! Send your videos to your email list, tweet your blog posts, etc.
my old coworker works there now...
Up in Walmart it is plenty of tail in here!!
Not a good game last night, but they'll rebound at home. #NYR didn't seem to have any sustained pressure in Caps end.
The Bay Area Princess #justineperez. Can't wait to hear you in action again
Want better skin? go to Lyndsey - 7yrs at spa she'll teach you about dry body brushing, food for skin & the best in skincare
You gave me wings you made me fly. You touched my hand I could touch the sky <3 #inlove :D
Lotta... what you gettin into tonight
Haaaahahaha! RT : Our national GOP poll, out tomorrow, finds Republicans like Sarah Palin more than any of their actual candidates
Spoke to 4 huskies yesterday!!! Lots o'energy - they are learning to be a happy unified pack and live in a team!!... Aren't we all?? HA!
Took the dog out for a walk, watched car pull out from behind mine, proceeded to slam into the next car up the block.
I love Fidel Castro. Can I get five days off now?
Little Bitty Pretty One!
i'd be lying if i told you, losing you was something i could handle.
Why are you watching cartoons on a Friday morning?
yeah, i'd be more worried it climbing on your shoulder or something while on the highway. silly mice trying to kill you
I'm officially adopting your wonderful students; they're so bright and curious.
Is your dog always licking their paws? Could be environmental allergies TIP: wash the paws after being outside to remove the allergens.
Ready #wisconsin? 's #Hustle Training is coming this 2012. Contact ME ASAP. It is not online yet...
shut up you no you love my ass!!! I mean you've said it before so
April is that wonderful time of year that Studios dump movies they didn't know what else to do with.
Does anyone remember the Incredible String Band song that ends: "Stranger than that we're alive. Stranger than that, stranger than that!" ?
Hehe it's alright, I was cleaning up myself so I wasn't here either :) & well just go to bed then? :) ♥
WI #alcoholtax has lost 82% of its value since last raised in 1969! Yikes! Talk about falling behind as a state.
Is the obvious you are focusing on really a diversion from where your #efforts should be targeted? SeanLetwat
mostly the people. they are really mean, disrepectful 2 me. i try not 2 care but i always do eventually. idk y
I will start putting a few things together soon, and can add your video ad if you want to do that with more information. :D
Thank you for checking in! Have a great week!
no hospitality these days
It's great! You're going to cry in one of the episodes... Way too much to take in. :<
When? Thursday? If so, YES! We need to get lunch on the calendar -- once and for all. :)
“Bed is the poor man’s opera.” — Italian proverb.
why are you so cute? ;) <3 love you
omg! I've never been whistled at. But this one guy did wait until I was all the way down the street to start (c)
now my 4th tweet is to you! feel... excited! ;)
Harv had MPAA on the ropes, then decided he was Ross Perot "I Quit" - Hardly a win, more an EPIC FAIL :
well I've been busy with church, getting ready for college and such, and im in a theatre production next week! How about you bud?
Squeal like a piggy all the way home! *squee* *squee* *squee*
what's good man cats trynna get on da team it wat?
Getting ready to go on North Country Public Radio at 11 a.m. EDT to take calls and prepping for my talk tonight at SUNY Potsdam.
A couple days delayed, but sweet cameo on #GIRLS!
You made it so sweet, until I woke up on the concrete.
Getting grief over whether or not the #empanaditas I made are really considered a pie. Crust, apricot filling...pie. Happy National Pie Day
Celtics Win! One down two to go!
Monday music day! Practicing tonight gearing up for some upcoming shows and working on our new songs!
So happy they're here! RT : girls are seeing female execs in high tech careers at the Dell campus. Powerful!
Ever drank in a gay bar?
RT : A chapatti hot off the griddle is about as close as you can get to zen #icantgetenough >> m yum!
Don't understand y its only an "April's Fools Day"! It's fools year round & people r fooled year round.
#OhBaby books by fashionista, celebrity mommy, TV star, America's favorite girlfriend and author available at expo!
Thank You :)
Whole wheat noodles, the healthier food!
. consistency is key to brand, we want the Coke we had today, to taste like yesterday's to taste like tomorrow's
can I steal you?
so sorry you have a headache, I get them too. And yep, the best thing to do is take meds if you have them and sleep it off!
Do Right And Kill Everything
Anyone else a #scifest today? I'm with in the Book Fair area near the food! I'm here with ! Stop by!
me too, but still waiting for my every-other-day itunes updates, and so excited to see what the new java update is going to bring
hope you're right. Gonna try blueberry and raspberry flavored.
Listening to O'Malley talk about gay marriage here in the state where I was born. of Baltimore (with an exgirlfriend of course)
Everything that irritates us about others, can lead to a greater understanding of ourselves.
speak for yerself #smellyass u fart like a man and yes all ye followers can see this :Pxxx
Yep, probably not. I really hope that the next time the #Mets face him, we really run his ERA up lol.
Dude done lost his mind
Check out our nude room and full bar.
Have a great Friday too, Erin.
yes, because the '.jpgjpg.jpg' was needed in case I had no idea what the file type was. Jeez, some people....
putting on anything today!
The yanks only needed one more dominant starter and Pineda fits the bill at the right price. If you can't get the King, get the Prince!
We'll be in booth D3 at #DEMO #DEMO12 tomorrow. Come say hi!
My parallel parking skills are off the chain!
Just had a lovely visit in my office with THE Bill Schonely. All is good in world!
ugh, i can't stand phishing scammers...
The smell of fresh hot Garret's popcorn in the am hhmmmmm!
I mean, if there's ever a hashtag you can get behind, it's
ha your probably right!
Sweet ride. Did forget how hills that don't much look like hills can make legs feel like flaming slabs of concrete.
happy birthday brah
lmao i aint mean to it slipped ..!
Finally getting around to reading Shiver. Wow!! Wishing I could somehow prolong the experience of reading it for the first time!
Because of Jimmy Conrad, right?
16.I like school Turn On:Boys who are smart Turn Off:Boys who think they know everything in the entire universe
There's an inside game to every trade for home improvement. Learn to navigate the jungle, or be prepared to lose money, time and tranquility
Lunch is served and I've got dinner shift off. What to do with the afternoon?
Another book to read: The Coming Jobs War
TWSS : Lin didn't rule out Game 4 a week from today. "We just don't know how it's going to respond,"
At McDonalds eating breakfast :)
The Truth is from my home town of Henderson!?!? HCHS should have been yalls pick for 6A football team to win state.
I am #obsessed with Bath & Body hand sanitizer.
Literally cannot sleep. I've laid in bed for an hour. Keep thinking about tomorrow with I need a time machine....or sleeping pills.
I had a client who wanted to purchase it. I haven't used it myself; not sure if it is compatible with current WP or not.
you watching Cuse/Gtown? Think either are a threat come tourney time?
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen, cornell ornithology lab, is talking about ornithology datasets. e-bird gets 1.5-3 mill observations/mnth!
same here.. trying to stay one move ahead.
Just said "I love you". To the dog. The last couple of hundred times have been to the dog.
i lost my phone. How am I ever going to speak to you again?!:(
Looking forward to a visit from & team for a tour & to serve lunch to our seniors today!
THATS IT?? THATS IT?!?!? BUT JUSTI BIEBER IS MORE IMPORTANT?? :@
all i bet that's boring you not going out
I do belive I wrote a tweet on the dry erase bored in Mrs Bonfields class!;)
" dear karma, I have a list of people you have missed." dont worry , it always comes around eventually
Are you there God, it's me Tim.
I'm in agreement, although I think 'Tree of Life' edges it out a bit in terms of 2011's best thus far...
which one? i'll send it to you. email info to :)
You got me with that one! Didn't think that far into it :-)
What's the collective mission/calling for today's library students?
I don't get drunk..I just vibe
You also need to consider what your time is worth. You might be able to save a little more, but will need to wait 3 mos. to use it.
Thanks so much for the support!
Please post any online PhD Speech programs that you're aware of. Clinical/Research Thanks
Congrats to T. Allen, D. Dickerson, D. Dotson, A. Poulter, J-M. Reese, LJ Rose, & R. Sulaimon on signing today! So proud of all of you!
Thank you God for everything. I love you.
lol I sent that to the wrong person(: my bad sorry
can you do an imagine about me and vinny,mikey,or nick any boy is fine
bxtchz who have no respect 4 themselves, should NOT b respected
Summit Daily News reports Sat's weather for Frisco, CO: hit or miss thunderstorms, clear otherwise. Finally, weather report I can trust.
Thank you!!! She is currently at the hospital getting her chemo in the spine and port.
geometry is the worst thing ever.
Pack your own lunch snacks. Buying snacks are convenient but a big waste of money.
Word of caution to job-hunters out there: per my studies, most health insurers are biased against steeplejacks. You're welcome.
Way to go on the td's!
Thanks, ev been working on some amazing stuff, cant wait to see it go live :D
Your blog just made me crave some Altalntic scallops!
Tae Tae On A Time Out
I am very happy about my life right now and its just the beginning.....
Fear the sprinkler baby!!! #hahaha!!!
Wish someone knows what is the best place for tatts in washington
daydreams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have.
Shout out to President William Taft. Showing Americans you can still accomplish your dreams despite morbid obesity
I shall see you next Friday #fantabuloso (;
you best believe I'm getting that one!
“: Turn out the lights, the party's over ... Flyers up 3-0, and Pens are done-” Flyers writer...33:50 minutes remaining.
Just found your site, and i love it!
Pain don't hurt.. --Patrick Swayze
“: The check has got to be in the mail or it doesn't count. #maddow ”
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you soo much cody, i would cry if u saw this! your amazing
glad you enjoyed it. Maybe you even had stories to add?
Nancy D. settled her case for $75,000!
Cause I'll say HEY you'll say BABY how's ur day I'll say CRAZY but it's all gunna be alright IM LOVIN YOU TONIGHT:) <3
yep, that's my place # 1, but I instruct #scuba diving so much that I don't dive on days off. Love it at the library!
FML....shit make'n my job harder.
No, that's idiotic. Plus you'd still have to have an umpire there for fair and foul balls, plays at the plate, foul tips, etc.
My favorite post partum exercise was swimming and pool exercise with baby...
Wow! Thanks so much for the follow. Ps hope to have live shots of you performing live in PA this week posted
The saddest day was when I foound out who you really were.
Count down to the big move! I hope everything goes well and as planned.
Dexter was good now going to the W to have a cocktail who's coming?
LOL! I wish...global business doesn't recognize Sundays!!! ;-)
Thank you for reading and sharing! Following now!
Sentropi - Online Fraud Prevention Cyber Security System Facilitates Device Identification -
Oh lord, Pacquiao just lost my respect for saying that -________-
Omg I just saw the Sealy mattress commercial.....Holy crap it's awkward
no school Monday :D
I hear you, but other than Burnett I think we have very solid replacements now. Bigby and Harris coming back will also help.
That's about as meaningful as preseason polls. Fact is we're the BCS champ of job loss.
This Friday's show: Are you a Sole Proprietor or an LLC? Do you know how to make your hbb legal? FIND OUT! www.worldtalkradio.com
At least he wasn't naked like they do in the Terminator movies.
RT : Heading to for NYC packet pickup. Come check out the Karhu shoes and apparel.
Off to read a little Dr. Seuss for the Janney Elementary Dr. Seuss Day celebration.
it's obvious by the sloppy email pitches I receive from students that they think there's no time to craft something unique or persuasive
I am going through Jesse Pinkman withdrawal.
Kathy Troccoli song on AI....awesome!!!
At Mi Tierra having a late birthday dinner and drinks with my love before we hit da club and boogie!!
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes. It means a lot. Thank you so much!
are you new to Twitter like me?? ~Jessica
This old vine zin is doing me right.
What's up with girls giving guys head behind Ross at southlands ... And video taping it? Your a whore sweetheart.
How was it to be back on the East Coast before heading across seas for the ?
I hope your nightmare doesn't come true...been looking forward to #Thor movie for awhile..:)
The smaller the item, the higher the baking temperature.
“: 8 years to the day when Bush put on that costume and falsely declared "Mission: Accomplished."”
#bullying its wrong to have bullied girl's mom yelling " kill him" at the martinez macklin fight. :-)
I love you wifey!!!
Sorry, my last RT via
I Got It Jay.. Im Bout To Txt You Back...
The WA State Senate did the right thing tonight in approving same-sex marriage!!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn whn she keep saying : I know u cheating on me,Who is she ??? I'm not mad just tell me.
Wanna break Olivers face then?
someone give me a good sports movie to watch. Field of Dreams is over.
Bad news: cooking breakfast set fire alarm off. Good news: cute firefighters in the lib = not a bad way to start the morning. :D
what kind of venue are you looking for? do you know any cbus bands?
Join us on May 15th for our official launch party! Free giveaways, sports activities and more! 4-7 pm at the Red Bull Soccer Arena
Kombucha & a massage today--very grateful!!!
I work 2 fucking jobs and working on my business you think I have time for this shit?
...By Increasing employee productivity, facilitating business growth, delivering IT efficiency, and driving business efficiency.
Today is Fat Tuesday For All You Mardi-Grass Lovers Wish I Was In New Orleans.!!
His site is nuts! Thanks ya'll.
take as many classes as you can. Research online and find some acting workshops in your city.
#free pizza right now for #pace students!!!!!!_
Back from the coast, was nice riding the train.
Congrats! RT : Evidently I race well in the mud. Sweet. 4th in collegiate A race today. Did a lot of dropping people in turns.
Now that's a new one
Annan: Syria accepts plan to end violence
You forgot someone. His name is !!!!
so sleepy!
Celebrate #Chicago's 175th b-day with at the Nature Museum tomorrow! Stop by to get a 1 yr family membership for $17.50!
thanks for the follow. This looks like FUN!
more focused then ive every been
With no #Caps hockey, I need more Zimmern and Bourdain, and so much less, or better none of, Man v. Food.
Bouts to call it a night, then tomorrow night gonna party like its the last new years of my life!!!!
thanks for your feedback. look for the change later today!
Sometimes we must humble ourselves and accept the help of others. It may not be the path we expected to take, but if it helps us grow as...
You know me so well RT : jack and diet?
my son Dogen started teething at about 2 months.
hey I've been out of the loop! finished season 1 but havent had time to watch more. whats happened???
that's cool a show AND a game!!
He kidnaps children & forces to be violent soldiers to terrorize people, turns girls into sex slaves. So sick, I'm going to cry
Your really took that song to the next level JP. Thanks again!
RT : You NEVER know what you have until it's GONE!!! 👼☁👼☁
why dont u be on twitter ne more
My friends are strange.
When I'm overwhelmed, so grateful I know where to turn for help. Thanks
RT : "NYC has more college students than Boston has people" received a round of cheers.
tell me have you ever wanted someone so much it hurts? your lips keep trying to speak, but you just cant find the words♥
Thank you! Great social on Wednesday! RT : Happy
I'm cold!  lol
Making some real bangers with and !!! Real music!!
": Santorum: It's a states' issue. Our country clearly has to be as homophobic as the most homophobic state."
full of crab cake and "Watchman Slugger" from to support -Pulling it together for Coal Fired Bicycle band practice.
What an amazing #tigers comeback! 12 in a row!!
My last two gifts came in today...and they are completely bad-ass. Thanks to for making this happen!
Ya pays bananas, ya gets monkees
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you.
awesome. Nearly every command line app I write has a --pretend option.
I don't drink,smoke,or do pills , but I'm still fun ;-)
that will teach me to butt in. Sorry
I love the #teamnickasaur family:)
maybe he's upset that he no longer has the best thing that ever happened to him? ha
let's go see avengers at 9:30
hey! I just took a shower, lady!
How about a two line tax code: 1. How much did you earn? 2. Send it in.
Me and my grandkid were selected on America Got Talent and performed in front of producers
OK - bought a lotto ticket. $5 to dream during my hour long commute home seems like a good investment.
does it me i'd hav 2 buy all stars if i dunt win :'(
Today is a boyzIImen sort of day.
Lets all join hands and commit Twittercide tonight!!
#TheDonVideo is the best video ever made
Happy labor day to all. Roots will be closed. Enjoy.
Me thinks the caterpillar is not the worm, here!
Dig deep within your soul to forgive the ones that hurt you but you must forgive to be forgiven
Fantastic score! Jealous.
It's a good appointment slot b/c Everyone is bright eyed. Sounds like you are, too. Good morning!
“: Not really interested why 10K attendance for the womens game is NOT realistic in USA. It CAN and WILL be done.”
Ruby Jo's first easter = success. My gift of measuring spoons, best ever. Everyone knows babies like things that aren't really toys!
Only 35-40 min. away via his helicopter. So he may be in an Empire State of Mind most the time but Labor Day he's ours!
thanks, I found it! I also read your blog and got a kick out of your #walkingdead coverage
There are people who drop out of Twitter and you might not want to keep following them.
Thanks. That sucks but thanks lol. I have a quantum.
Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
Of course not, but if that does happen I will be switching my day off to Mondays :)
I know you will probably call me a dickhead now, anyway luv thanks for the follow.
I'm just enjoying a quiet, relaxing evening. U?
that's better haha. And is a badass, wish I would've stuck around after the last PKDetroit to bs with him.
let's see how this gets confirmed.
just finished a phone interview.. really glad they couldnt see the nervous "glistening"
where my hoodie nigga
is what mine?
hey Sean, what's going on down in Austin.?
that was our so called roll dog in 4th grade # themdays❕
thanks for the follow. I'll miss you guys and thumbing through hard copies of the paper when i leave
please follow me!
random but was wondering you thoughts that we in Seattle are snow wimps from LA times LOL.
Yeah, I'm going with Macalester.
43-34 at the half. Don't really want to watch the second half.
Let's go this weekend!
okay i made it so my phone twitter is on this account :D
What brilliant romantic comedy should we watch in the shop today?
Hi. How goes the night?
that's so rad, thanks for spreading the word!
4 week e-mail reminder for 'habitat' going out to photographers tonight. Images will be on the site in 4 weeks time
is on Jimmy Fallon tonight. The excitement!
u ppl r meeeeeeeeeeennnnnnn if u said 1 word 2 me u wld make my day :(
Look out for our magazine coming soon! ;-D
I'm just gonna be devastated if I don't hear #endoftheworld live tomorrow night. Devastated. U agree, ?
just pulled a quote from Robert Anton Wilson's Prometheus Rising at Awesome.
Ha! Awesome.
Just talked with an 82 year old man about the state of the world. Slightly terrifying, but mostly very interesting.
Why didn't the win w/ Orton?
So weird to see Marty McFly' GF on CSI, how much time has passed? No! The Back2Future ride at Universal is now Simpsons even!
hehe, were trending again(:
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity; it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all. ~William Faulkner
This will be very, very ugly. We are going to have to fight extra hard to have a chance now.
It's official ... After watching the #Grammys I have to get false eyelashes
"Indirect #Solar energy involves more than one step from sunlight to useable #energy."
Senior year sucks. High school sucks. And the fact that i cant go to the school i want to go to sucks
y'all too.., smh ok I'll speak to y'all separately
BALLS! i am so bored
we're up by 34. What game are you watching
Anyways, Good Morning!
Sag awards!
Just found a bunch of #W6TF notes in my bag. Did Council ever finalize new ANC boundaries?
Yes!! Guess we'll have to catch it online later.
!!+~!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I'm glad! Have a good day today. Hopefully I'll talk to you later :)
“: hope it goes down better than my bad-friend bacon.” ah, Mexican wal-mart, thanks for the sweet, sweet Fud.
sure thing baby ;)
All my nigga's straight drug addicts, 'cause it takes one for you to know one.
the man behind is sharing the story of how he got his start. He has taken an interesting path!
I thought I tweeted a lot.Turns out I don't.Everyone i know has over 3000 tweets.I only have 2400 with 1100 followers.
if you think trading rondo is a good choice you should be in upper management on the celtics
Patron Tequila successfully places their ads in the corners at Baltimore harbor speedway today, congrats: Power/Verizon www.brandguyblog.com
- Looking forward to when you come to Milwaukee! Production Club () is thrilled to host your screening!
My baby got the game ball for hitting a grounder to the outfield!
love it! Took down Koby.
gurl i know
I am so tired
nah u gotta put powder on ya feet and in ya shoes
no. They were closing!!!! Stuff in LA closes. It's strange.
OMG YES :)
congrats on the lil' one. We'll get out to Boise for sure with Would be cool to catch up.
More goodies are coming, he he he he :D
It's wedding season on
You are a inspeartion to me I finally came out the same time you did on your old show
The #Flyers puck movement on the power play is really quite amazing. It's what a power play should look like.
awww so cute! =)
Why did it have to be today ugh
explain how that's comical..I think I missed something
AH I WANT A POMSKY
if you're like me, then the thing you miss most about Dallas is Tex-Mex. I also miss Burger House in HP...
#Friends c:
NAGIN THE MUSICAL @ THE STEAK KNIFE feb 3 and 4 Starring PHILLIP MELANCON and CHRIS CHAMPAGNE Call 891-3381 for reservations
Watching Fast 5. I'm going back to school to become Vin Diesel.
we still need to build! But thanx for making it rain blunts in Long Beach!
ya like those banners you saw hanging from the rafters at Honda Center?
Bout to root for the underdog tonight. LET'S GO KANSAS!
what starts as a book club always seems to end as an orgy
#calledout I have another event today, so I couldn't make it. Wish I could be there!
Have to Agree with you Mr Ross.
Don't sleep on the vision and destiny you have been called to...stay alert at all times...or abandon ship immediately ...
Voulkos gave his students permission to break the rules. #DeStaebler at
Just arrived in New Orleans for AAC&U General Education & Assessment conf.
Lauren Frillings Australian accent>>>
that's right girl! Bobby pins keep u from being a mess lol
Anyways back to my music Romero santos ft. Usher - Promise
makin every excuse up right now, make me sick .
I wouldn't have cared if he couldn't chill but common courtesy is to call me and cancel
Any examples of great QR Code campaigns?
Going to Hawaii just to experiment with some coconut brewing options..
I will and yea same here I'm not working as much and just have one class on friday mornings until march
Good luck to St. Charles-based qtet "Grampa's Boys" in KC this weekend!
just testing..we will dial it in :-)
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.
Countdown to October 15th begins now!
hAhaha I like you to ! (-:
Yeah, the sight and I got in a fist fight... I won.
you don't know which of your tweets I was referring to? I'm using logic...why so. Quick to play race card?
we are pumped for this years parade
“: Rise of the Planet of the Apes screening and talk back w/ Andy Serkis & director Rupert Wyatt.” My uncle was in that movie.
smacking won't hurt you! Unless of course you were stuffing your face like I was!! My pants do feel a little tighter!!!
Friday Fashion --- HOT or NOT: Maxi Dresses.
Yolk is so good:).
Everything seems to be blooming!
Radio station archive alert. RT Self-aware Packers GM Ted Thompson, joking about moving up twice: "I've gone crazy."
21 days until the Settlement Summit in NYC - UNCA & our partners invite you to be part of our movement www.UNCA.org
one of the best books on acting I have ever read
They're moments lost in time, like tears in rain
MN peeps, anyone looking for a BNI group to join? DM me if you are, and I'll let you know if your chair is open in my group!
- keynote session slides: http//bit.ly/sloan-wiley
calm down
There goes your Christmas Gift from me.
the tech blackout for #sopa has gotten attention. don't think that Big Media has not noticed. next time they will lobby harder.
Taking the Circulator down for the opening reception of the Roberto Clemente exhibit at the Reginald F. Lewis museum.
Yay #GWU good choice! Let's go celebrate next time we are both in town. And, not McFaddins, thank you.
already entered. it's time for you to enter now!
Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too.
R.I.P. Adam Yauch
“: just imagined how excited we would be about Obama if he got a pilot picked up” POTUS and Recreation.
I copped edible arrangements too
Sounders fans prepping for the game by cheering for Larry the bus driver. They be fans of all sorts.
I knew you'd appreciate this film! It's the "Citizen Kane" of guinea pig movies. :D
Thanks Jill! We have lots of Boobie events coming up and would love to have you join us!
great to connect. Hope you have a great week as well!
.: put together a solutions team to talk about how we can really engage people about our work.
At the orthodontist.....
Putting finishing touches on my presentation for this afternoon; may have just fixed my Big Giant Thesis Conclusion problem.
Whew, cool. I'm currently recommending a blogging strategy. But, I have noticed this trend as well. Thanks!
Go Bears! Good to see a win! 3-0 baby!!!!
that's like my iPod playing David Crowder followed by KISS on shuffle!
Gotta admit I love Pagan in the five hole.
Good Luck against OSU today
Monday, Monday!!!! Half off on wine bottles??? Only at Salute. Open until 2am!
Good morning world...
Fine stuff! Seems to me this phenomenon hollows out human intention in a way that approaches machine-learned models of human choice.
#ANADucks aren't playing with enough intensity. Let's ramp it up boys
That was sweet:) no homo! I love you pay!!
re:whaling I once KILLED at scrabble w 'flense'; would not believe the rage it sparked, etymological&conservational. Ymmv.
Power is not the important thing in life, it's how you use it.
Had a game today
oh wow hon
makes me want a boba tea
Hopefully all of the bad turns are out of the way and it only gets better from here! :) Happy Monday!
You know when someone is just a little too hard on himself... And you just want to tell them it's ok to have that 1 donut.
listening to music while tweeting with u.
good. i love them eyes. you too cute!
i want to get my bullybutton pierced (:
Please send me home for wearing slides.. lmao this schools a joke yo
yes he was. Can't say I've seen that before.
Good Morning
Just realized I've had a crush on since Spin magazine. That's ten years now. Jesus.
I believe your still waiting on panera bread as well
(extremely) Local tweet: courtesy of the lovely family, chocolate decadence cookies & a heart-shaped cake are in the R&D office!
am I right?
If you want to be kept up to date on the best deals available, follow (our new account)!
I never saw it.....DSTV next time text me on 0977 891431
Perhaps a visit to is in order??
Yea ppl never listening to me thanks TJ for tellin ppl
big fam of union. way to go!
I actually said that haha RT : please tell me you rolled down the window and yelled "GO Ninja! Go Ninja Go!"
What's your favorite book to read with a child? Mine is Wild Child by Lynn Plourde.
and the 2nd link is working better now....it's file sharing some go bad some not! Lol
Thanks for checking-in! Let us know if we can do anything for you. Happy Friday!
okay thanks
Whitney Houston is dead.She passed away this afternoon of a overdose @ age of 48 she will be missed
Today, I'm super pissed off, so no one talk to me, alright?
Come on out to the Rib Cage! Iam playing a few tunes and drinking lots of beers! $2Coors Light Draft, $6 Coors Light Pitchers, $3baby Bombs!
Glad it worked out! RT : . thank you! cc:
lmao! Yes ma'am! Mickeys tomorrow??
Just walked up behind my mom in the kitchen and pantsed her. This is so she knows I care.
Baking cupcakes for my boyfriend. Watch out world, this is about as domestic as I get.
RT : "Diligence is the mother of good luck." --Benjamin Franklin
Look at artist He has over 900,000 followers & he follows 29. Follow ur fans & Interact with them.
Hanging out at home, need to win to football pool again baby!!
you tell em' glen co co!
haha yeah it's unfortunate, thats why if I play I only play tables. Slots risk/reward valley is too great for my liking.
Sherlock! It's so good it almost makes up for only 3 eps per season. Almost.
I'm a bad tweeter. Life has been too crazy/busy lately. Sorry everyone. :(
Please RT: Check out the official video for Matt's Song! If you love face melting guitar solos this is it! good enough for ?
Lmfaoo, TISDALE ! STFU ! i'll tell you to do the voice tomorrow then! ;)
So…Tiago on Blake?
I thought it was brown this whole entire time
your show is TOO FUNNY today! We love our beautiful women!
getting moved to Cali is where I been lol
It's about time Houston got an H&M. #houston #h&m
At the bar for the badger game and a beer.
Thanks for RTs and mentions! I really appreciate it...
To our #Tucson friends: we'll be at the Tucson Festival of Books this weekend! Come see us at booth 510 on the East Mall!
there is no more USSR, Harry
boutaa go work out now . DEUCES .
Tired of searching all over the internet for childrens toys and games? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com your one stop shop!
however, was not meant to sound snarky. This is just not a conversation for tweets.
Only Love Him For The Moment .
One 10-unit rental proposal sent before 9AM. Another by end of day. Getting amped.
shanaban created all these hits
Just finally read the New Yorker profile of So proud of my college roommate. She has always spoken her mind w/conviction.
“ My Lil sister & my nephew with me gotta find something for us to do.”
cause I rather release the final product full of dope music, instead of little bits and pieces lol
Going to watch Chelsea on Saturday but that's it. Lol
#ASECS12 Brown: focus on animals in 18c can lead us to discover new genres. E.g. Lapdog poems as form of love poetry.
they just said they're gonna play it again. keep listening! it's so good!
You're the Magnety - Pixiest! Thanks for the RT!
Popcorn for the boys
minister shaqzilla! Cause Shaq can philosophy!
Don't forget: CAMPUS MOVIE FEST has their #CUA screening at 7:30 in Great Room C!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
We flipped lots of pages today. Lots of work, but they sure are cool-looking now!
lol have been very busy:)
Totally unable to write one bloody paper!
Make that definitely not
hahaha I knew I knew you from somewhere. I'm the only senior there. -_-
#liamanddanielle (: perfect couple. He's not goi g to brake up with her,because his fans don't approve.It's love so leave them alone:/simple
don't hate on my re-tweeting skills. No worries though, I am a
work yet again. im just excited to go back to school shopping. anyone know some good stores?
I'm sorry that I'm so late. I haven't checked my mentions.
Accept change with humor, and embrace change with love. ~ Pat Burns
Go Whitewater D I champs?
is currently posting the best 140-character-or-less reviews of the art in their gallery for tonight.
Feel Famous. Sail Cunard. The Queen Elizabeth just celebrated her first anniversary! Call our experts for special pricing 800-803-7245!
When your heart skips a beat over someone <3 :)
Didn't go to school today I feel sick!!!!! Stuffy nose my eyes are...... nevermind but I hope my iconiacz make me feel better
s/o to for being so nice & pretty. & for us bonding over hating gym class in the beginning of the year.
There is some ET around but we are more commercial. Lots of people in the area do ET. Seems like some breeders are going to IVF.
yeah, i think they got full of themselves
I'll muster every ounce of Spanish I have!
Im pretty sure has the cam spot right above me :)
we are at your service
#BullsFam Fuck! the heat! I want the PACERS for The East!!!
you guys are way farther down in the gutter than I am okay!!
Working on my Bachelors Degree in Lagal Studies. Loving my school
Texarkana eliminates the host team Northeast by winning 9-1 in 8 innings
Very sad to hear about Maurice Sendack
disappointed in Legals Harborside. Was charged for an extra entree which resulted in a $600 charge on my account.
Wow I just realized my bday is in exactly a month from today.. excited(:
maybe they feel unpretty
Feels good to know I work at the best store in Northstar Mall (: ha last day next to Apple Wednesday than off to the BIGGER location yay!
i luuv me some babydoll.diggy.jacob.princeton.prodigy.ray ray. and some roc royal.:))
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe people that I fucking hate giving me dirty ass looks, and everything else they do
After all the Farve nonsense the past few years, so nice to hear "Aaron Rodgers: Super Bowl MVP."
enjoying my burrito bowl realizing substitution of guac for sour cream shouldn't be full price side
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out. Alfred Hitchcock
can't wait to read it!
but you are gay, how can you fuck them if you have no penis xD
Just heard a white girl say "ay Chingao pay me Now!!"
lol nah i was kidding though we should start over we started off on a bad track, im joey.
Setting up my Twitter account...my first tweet since Nov. 08
RT : More reinforcement today that A/B testing (which doesn't tell you WHY) is an efficient way to quickly get to a crappy design.
SO LUCKY aAHHHH :D
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. ~ Jawaharal Nehru...
Contact Mojo's World by E-mailing
Peeps is taking bets on what the beat behind this loop is going to be... Regaeton? Shuffle? Ah, still waiting... The suspense!!!
He's Worth qiven mahh All too ♥
Tanning but I'm so white I'm blinding myself
Hello there! I keep seeing good things about your work on Facebook - congratulations!
This is what I'm talking about!
well im almost drunk so my head is in the wrong place imthinkg #sex now lol
Cool! and thanks.....
whenever ur ready for a twerk or die video with a few redbone day really kan twerk it.... Hit me up ;)
Pittsburgh. Lord have mercy.
If I was your boyfriend... I'll never let you go...
love your user name x
Wow 55 followers in 5 hours!....sad thing is I will only talk to 5 .....
Looking forward to an early morning talking about discipleship with the men of See you at 6:30am boys!
how much are you pricing these tape players for? Can you record on them?
Watching tom and jerry everyday after school
#NMRealEstate Rates jumped up a bit last week. Seems they are trying to adjust back down. We are talking .250. Not much.
I love and so much there like my sisters #NOJOKE <3
Nice work in Haiti. Also check out & work in Haiti building schools, changing children's lives
The day I stop making fun of myself is the day I quit life.
kool was going to buy some today but my brother came home with some pizza from mama luna's its okay...
Yes, got it. Sorry! But shouldn't the result of training be learning? How do you separate? Didn't mean to cause angst!
Working at the library makes it hard to read what's already on my shelves at home!
Yay! halloween is almost here!
God has a reason for allowing things to happen. We may never understand his wisdom, but we simply have to trust His will.
Hey you were born today! That day is now a special a day to rap music! Stay up pimp! Have a great day/night!
Lol, about time RT : yes freeman! now im good lol
It's a little early to research for bar bets, but there you go.
Thanks for the feedback. We've got some new stuff coming soon. Thanks for watching!
my love is like a star, you can't always see me but you know that i'm always there ❤🌟
So are you going to let me know what is going on with the money you owe me? Tired of leaving private messages-must go public.
Watching "American Pawn" omg this show is amazing!
I cant buy into the game is so vastly different from when Dalglish played/managed back in the Tudor age. Nonsense.
#showthinking Liberty Kids can't get film made Rae in New Hampshire Film Chandler LA Time Orick Sara Ginger
stir fry houston! yum. :)
please contact me wen u can....i would really like to tlk to u...or someone in twloha
n n
My deepest darkest secret? I watched Shazaam...twice :-/
Congrats to for earning the #pulitzer for criticism.
thanks so much Wendy! UR awesome ;-)
I just love your photo-eyes!
Toasting in the sun with the bestie ! The day is beautiful to tan! God is so awesome! :D <3
Had a awful afternoon
awww! you'll see them in concert at some point i promise :)
I don't care what anyone says I'm addicted to
haha! seriously.. we're such party poopers at 7
RT : RT : Raining in london lk a flood of data heading towards the hub westminster 4
Storms are rumbling over much of central #NewMexico, especially in #ABQ! I'll have your forecast through next week tonight on KOB Channel 4!
Tonight at Salinger's: LIVE NUDE CLOWNS
But fuck it. I wouldn't trade being a Heat fan for the world. That's real.
I'm ova here grinding..let's get IT!!!!
Future of personalized medicine-- medications and treatments tailored to YOU:
I fainted greeting into my car today if that's any indication of how my day is going
Did you find your craving??
apparently there is a pub crawl? My friend is acting like there is only one...
HEY WANNA GO OUT
Still pumped about great win at #ufc144! is ELITE with 16-2 and is an inspiration!
Just realized there is no Northwest quadrant Sunday Parkways. That's weird.
Fanny packs, and the idea that they could somehow be considered "cool," is why I want to give hipsters a smack upside the head.
“With Europe closed to tourism-the time was right to launch a coast to coast campaign promoting our national parks”
Come to the fourth lecture in the Common $ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in ICC105. Free pizza!!
how did i look tonight? 10lbs heavier?
No more TAKS tests for me
well im here for u if u need to talk
You an are the best! Luke an I really appreciated coming by being so supportive! Tell Becks sry a tiger got me ;)
moving to LA would've been less painful for that fanbase. More enjoyable now for #Packer fans
Thanks for helping to get the word out ! We appreciate it!
Cool shades, bro! Hope to have RAMP pumping through both Internets soon!
Awesome/Aweful idea of the day. Tweet an on the fly #poem about BBQ! Who's in?!
. nope, it's working fine now! Thanks for the reply!
Havent tweeted in a minute
what's up?
Do you ever sleep? I rt stuff from you at 1 AM my time & now I see you at 9:45 AM my time. BTW, thanks for the FF recommendation.
I would be interested to see what he can do.
Id say that was a pretty decent success, thanks for hanging!
that's a good look fam, I rockz wit you all day son.
LOVE STORY!!
Mm this job used to be fun. This bitch is getting on my last nut. Sorry for the language, I've been irritable lately
says to never say never, so im never,ever,ever,EVER going to stop trying to get him to follow me :) <3
justin can go on viddy but not instagram. lol ok justin
oh lololol I thought it was funny. A little bit
You guys are killin it with TVF lyrics right now!
It's true, my site has been hacked. Working on it.
I know
jane. how old are you?
you guys are very entertaining;))
go get that other one, because I'm no longer the only one.
I'm glad you're having fun! I'll be home Saturday and I can't wait to hear all about your trip
