Ok cool I'll let you know.
Hi Brittany, nice to meet you! Are you from the Twin Cities originally?
A beautiful, cold and overcast day. Perfect for editing!
#broncos are going to fire him if he doesn't produce down the stretch i think RT : Done in Denver? Broncos' McDaniels under fire.
RT : Depend on nobody.
BEING SINGLE HAS ITS UPS AND DOWNS!!!!
Where you go, I'll go.
#DASER Toothbilled bowerbirds don't build bowers -- this is an important point in Gerald Borgia's presentation.
You're welcome. Have I asked you yet what the class was on?
Rangers are on a fucken role!
Great day!
Cumulus/L.A. made cuts, including KLOS PD/afternoon guy Bob Buchmann and market legend Jim Ladd, who'd been doing nights on KLOS.
My car is so dirty but I don't have time to wash it because I'm too busy studying for finals
still mixing drums. man what time is it...
So now I'm part of the family...
far from
Thanks for the follow #voices #voiceover #voice over
Are you trying to get a retweet...because you got one. #touched “: you da best sports reporter evvvvaaaaaa”
Thanks for the RT!
How do you feel about reunited Refused?
we should clean your b-hole
Austin Rivers looks good with the ball in hand. He gets to the rack at will but his play doesnt seem to affect his team in a positive way.
John Grisham new favorite pro storyteller, he's a Cards fan...
loving your tweets! Thanks so much for sharing.
2days 1 of my random don't feel like being productive days. Happens once in awhile. Probably so I don't run in2 brick wall at full speed.
I know, I know, slow down. On another note, I'm thinking a trip to San Diego may be in order in Nov.
Snow flurries. Wind chills in the teens. Caribbean vacation anyone?
If Manchester United vs. Manchester City counts, then yes.
Whoops! yeah, I totes meant NBC...that show was so bad!!! I tried to give it a chance, but I couldn't sit through it.
Lolol. trying to find Lynn on Omegle (x this is hard!
I don't giveAF if a celeb doesn't follow me if he wants to he wants to if heisn't well u just lost a fan if I wer fame I would follow every
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. ~Mother Teresa
Cinnamon rolls were like the cupcakes of the '90s.
wait, what's the question? If it's about 's perfection, I vote yes. cc:
i unt you too ;)
Draft season is here & The PR Playbook movement is growing! Athletes, agents, coaches & PR pros - request your copy!
My car-DA3078-has new car inspection valid til 2013 but can't renew registration b/c records show inspection needed. What can I do?
The #CW canceled #Ringer, but somehow #Whitney got renewed on #NBC? Why?
Q: What did the blonde do when she found out she was pregnant with triplets? A: She went looking for the three guys.
With sophisticated targeting, B2C is not always mass media, tho
um you should probably punch that d-bag in the throat. Wtf
Watching some old videos of me doing Karate when i was like 10! LMAO
Rehearsal, then private gig, then solo piano + vocal at red, white and Bluezz in Pasadena this evening!
break a leg
thanks man I'm coming up for a visit one of these weekends
lol are you referring to Dj Pornstar?
Thanks to for throwing down the dare to feed those in need! served 14,543 meals in Sept thanks to donors
Hailey, only sometime do you have a scrub-like mentality
The first year after college is when you figure out who your lifetime friends are. 99% of ppl who say they'll keep in touch, don't.
Irvin got arrested after his pro day...his pro day...stupid pick
Lakers got the win way to go Lakeshow
Hang in there, girl.
Going to try something crazy... committed the code as is because I am 99.999999% sure I am going to need to rollback.
Thanks for having us!
You say tomato, and I say tomato.
love you long time.
Getting set up for #vsnam12! Proud to be a Diamond Sponsor!
ya'll crack me up.
please follow and let her know i sent yu
": #Capricorn is often good at math which explains why they are such pains in the ass."
ARIANA GAVE ME SHOUTOUT OH MY GODOH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY DEDEADEADEAD
Just wanted to say God Bless our U.S. Veterans!!!!!!! I personally couldn't, or rather, wouldn't want to imagine my life without ya'll :))
call more dudes come to tonight!
Things only get worse before they get better ... so when your down out always remember things will get better.
yep that chalk is nasty, the gel is cold also
Thanks, Nick!
No problem. He's like a brother, I can talk to him for you if you want? Have him tell me what he's doing?
oh no! That happens way 2 often! Hope it works out ok & mom STOPS!!! :(
Tricky situation for TCU..Purke is sore and draft eligible and turned down$4mil out of hs..tough sledding for coaches
I'm listening to Matched by Ally Condie now. Highly recommend the audio books. The reader's voice really captures ur imagination
Just an FYI women is plural WOMAN is singular! There is a HUGE difference! Plural means MORE than one #imjustsaying Educate yourselves
Last night, my bf completed his #fafsa in <10 mins by importing his tax data. I remember when it took at least 1.5 hours - nice improvement!
The strongest most wonderful things in life cannot be seen......thats y ppl r blind to wats around them...=)
Why is it that the Digital Humanities panels at MLA are packed and rockin', but @ ASECS everyone seems vaguely depressed?
sometimes when you're in love, there are things that you feel that you can't really explain. It doesn't make sense"
THANKS MN Wild & SportAdore! I'm totally pumped and STILL excited...
Scuba diving
same here.
#Didyouknow every year the sun loses 360 million tons
We Support Teachers! Teachers will receive a 15% discount at Towne Centre Furniture in Havana, FL 32333! In order to qualify please add us
“: my excuse is "YOLO" for everything” toxic shock syndrome?
dw you have me ;D
Time is here check your watch! Get into and join the end of #Marchmadness bring ur own swatch and get 15% off ur meal
And one! Al needs to play well.
I've made my way back to Twitter world. We'll see how it goes ....
whats everyone up too this saturday?!
Im pissed, I thought the Packers played at 12! I woke up early
#AJStream #Gingrich is a historian just as #Bachman is a neuro surgeon.
A tongue ring revokes all yo gangster rights
vote to make a change in cleveland muni clerk of courts vote PAVARINI
Not having a laptop has freed myself up to lots of things, but I need to get back to work-Time is $$$$!
I Don't Want to Miss a Thing - Aerosmith
is geeking out over Getting Things Done. David Allen is my new god.
RT RT : Our non-pitcher is better than your non-pitcher
yeah! Do you??
If shawty want a $200 date ima take her bungee jumping where it cost $100 each time to jump and hope that cord break the second
lucky charms <3333
Thanks TEEARA!! Let's play soon. I miss you.
We will probably never understand black holes or why women fall madly in love with douchebags.
Thanks Tony!
I don't go on that lol.
If his croup is THIS bad in the morning, I'm afraid for what tonight will bring.
Tweeting from my mobile device. I'm cool
Heard on the #Oriole radio broadcast earlier that Wei-Yin Chen's parents are at the game tonight.. they got to see a great effort
!!! It's almost gametime. You ready?
That's what I was thinking.
Remember: All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6. Stock up on books, videos, etc today!
you keep doin you tonight cos i'm doin me OH YEAH.
Hi Yes, we were there last night I remember you and your family :) My kids were the older asian kids,
Awesome app for helping let my colleagues/contacts find where I'm going to be when at #sxsw (also doesn't suck my battery life)
thanks so much, you rule!
Check out The AC Guys in Las Vegas for all your Air Conditioning needs
bring on the dip!!
…helps communication, especially knowing how to effectively use the least amount of words to get your idea across.
thanks for the love Jen!!!
Halloween gives everyone a chance to wear what they may not otherwise, and this includes sexy costumes for demure ladies
Soo we r at the mall right now walking behind Eddie kennison dat use to play wit the Kansas city chiefs!!
crying Bc when u meet 1d and the wanted they will fal In love with u bc ur pretty
We're at #SMCF2012 across from ! Stop by our table!
Funny, hey? There's always something out there!
Wow, that's awesome! I hope he made it safely across (and didn't scare you too much).
was afraid you wouldn't understand it, 
#thatmagicmoment when a person finally realizes that democrats and republicans are the same bucket of fail.
Big EverN fan here,& use ToDo 4 iPhone(but wish integrated w/EverN).Does Omni bring it all together?
Go pack!!
thanks. OMFG you came?!? I feel so bad.
Is there a code?
OH REALLY. you wouldn't have said it in the first place then.
i think the power is going on my computer. also there is a break in the power cord. sometimes it just turns off all of the sudden.
Wow, my to-do list for today is done and I can actually work ahead? Monday's aren't usually this productive. I suspect foul play...
I done talking about SB. Im not giving that guy any more attention. Who even listened to that podcast before today?
Any less and you're always stuck cleaning up the mess at the end of the semester anyway, and passing on students' issues.
Its all right. It was my choice. I am not ashamed. My name is out there. Fine. This is an important cause.
for real no child deserves to go through that abuse is horrible alone so when it's a child and an infant it's even worse !!
heck yes , you far from arlington tho , thats where ill be at haha :/
Thanks! It looked like you had a good time, and that you showed that bottle of Ninkasi a good time, too.
I dont wanna take them off
then again, first comedy episodes are notoriously bad. I will still watch.
Naw, but I DID fall asleep with my face on the keyboard again...you know how we roll...
Just got back from an #Intel #HPC round table meet in Washington. Much NDA MIC fun ;-)
Rocked some nosebleeds at the #Twolves game tonight. This team is on the rise and has some dedicated fans.
do it! I did it to T. SHe wouldn't move. It was funny.
#TigerBeatLovesASW All the way! ;)
BOW BOW BOW le go!!!
Its just not one of those working days.
I wonder if, somewhere on twitter, there's someone genuinely trying to give away walmart gift cards.
shut up piece of shit I've lost all respect for you. Media is so ridiculous suck mavs dick when they win the ring, then this?
cause they blow
Thanks for the follow back. I hope you'll enjoy the stuff I write or that comes out of nevermet press.
#20ThingsIlove my brothers.
I've settled down and started my latest adventure... a real estate business. Please endorse us! Love
all these new shows on disney channel are gay as fuck.
yeah, s1 was super creepy when you only saw the hat but even that got annoying. I almost quit watching but then they showed zq.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
I might need to phone it in today. Next time only one mimosa at brunch.
#Mavs, #Heat or just don't care? What's your opinion?
I hate feeling uncertain on what to do in situations.
my apologies for the trouble, can i help?
Yes, lots of weighing in on Sophie 103.7's new format . Programming changes can make listeners crazy.
I will only attend if can promise me a full 15 minutes of political commentary from Bruce Johnston.
Why do people find it hot that I'm French German Scottish and Irish? O.o
I'LL GOOGLE WHICH ONE IS CLOSER.
He is a man on a mission today.
Someone's going to have a happy cat!
Skintastic ...results you can count on for hair removal, facial rejuvenation, Smart liposuction, Quicklift & more 972-620-3223
Sitting here throwing up gang signs...bored AF
Just don't nail animals to the back of the house.
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check into the trouble for you
i'm in serious debt but trying my best to work out of it :)
I agree 100% Skip Stephen A. can't say nothing about that. LOL
How u call urself World peace when u foul everybody feeling the man meat
Great fundraising for Miracle on Canal Street with our auctions! We raised $7100!!!
Does your child have a favorite healthy snack?
Yayy i changedd my twitter name! at least its a little betterr
You will respect me. Simple as that.
When's things start changing... <
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals." "If you would be loved, love and be lovable." ~ Benjamin Franklin ~
I'm tired of all these turnovers and fouls :(
how is it all of a sudden so difficult to block a number?
me in vacation the best :) -school no!! ;)
Thanks everyone for Howlin' ! Jam with us on the hashtag #newplay next week, same time.
Sent to your email
Success is defined by reaching ones goal, and reaching back to help the next reach their goal....Don't stop short of your success.
i appreciate it. =) much love xoxo
just keep trying! don't give up.
curious to see your excitement level if you had won something. lol
The new animated series #stupidasso by #stlouis 's very own animation studio Stu Pidasso Studios premieres in 39 days on www.stupidasso.com
just read 87 blog posts. in 6 days. SAD blog posts. dear , i am now about to eat my feelings.
you are a loser.
they should have gone for the suckfest trifecta of Shows, Greene, and TV Teddy
I would marry my iphone if I could. San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding bay area siliconvalley silicon
hyvee is for squares.
well you listen to mine too! It's why were here for each other xD
I thought I read rapper at first. Lol.
YES! RT if i interview gotye at coachella, i am totally going to call him walter.
What if you could #makeover your house and come in WAY under budget. I show even newbies how easy that is to achieve. Keep more money!
"If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen." - Just what I needed to see right now, and it just found me.
you gotta remember it's all drunks left. And drunker Canadians.
A big thank you to for sharing your time & experience. You're the best!!!
remembering how awkward middle school was....I was always really quiet until recently. broke outta mah shell, now I never shut up
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
got one in the fridge waiting for me (w/cornbread crust). maybe shd roast a chicken just to have it in the fridge?
FESTIVUS FOR THE HELL OF US.
#SMBAustin : I hope that new technology will make it easier for people who have not historically had their voices heard.
This week off from work has been amazing!
We are on a journey of becoming that which we already are. That is the impossible paradox of our lives. ~ Leonard Jacobson
The book was stressful to read.
Square niggaz where there feelings trill niggaz freeze them
Our pleasure. We do what we can! RT : Sweet of to kindly remind me immediately after the game that the #Heat lost. Thx!
hey buddy I'm going to go 0.02 per ball you get. Put me in the book. It's a great thing ur doing!
« « Wiz Khalifa -- Busted For Weed? Really? Y'all surprised? In other news the sky is blue»»
S/o to all da females who went and copped to jellies when they came back out. Lmao in every color!!!
: (*laughs*) i have no idea of political implications of MS grammar check, though would love to research it!
Excellent news!!
The is so hectic this week that I'm actually resorting to #coffee. Sorry cup of tea, my old friend- you're just not up to job today.
thanks for checkin out last night !
I AM Gonna Be The Next !! #Determination:]
Thanks for the RT! Our Twitter feed: SLU_VCC_2012
Looking forward to father's day, I am getting the new samsung tab 10.1.
That awkward moment when you drink when you're mad and say things you don't mean.
Report: Inner Harbor hotel to get new ownership - WBAL Baltimore
I wonder if Baylor's team helps mark crosswalks when they're not on the court.
Mitchell's interception shows just how much more athleticism the Ducks have. A 1-hand snag. All Oregon now, make those Rose Bowl plans
I try my best not to let my emotions get to me when they say bad things about the Yankees I just ignore it for the most part.
I just changed my password so I don't get hacked too
Which is ridiculous, it's the most natural thing on the planet! They should be more worried about the food their eating!
I loved that you managed to work this into the panel. I know it was purely for your own entertainment. :)
your not in love, you just want some pussy.
No. Don't you have one you go to in Kentucky alot? Lol
Oh im sorry ! I hope your fever cools down ! (:
There should be two terms trending tonight for sure #Clippers and
That's going to be a really good look RT My hair is gonna be red just like tomorrow :)
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
Did finally get a new Avi?!?
I'm allergic! (is what I say so people won't hate me for hating cats)
i want your hair! Give me your hair? Thankyou love ;)
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you kno #Miami is better than the #Knicks & couldn't close them out...
*virtual rubber-band snipe*
Everyone Follow Its My Up And Coming Crew Of Artist And We'll Love Your Support!
shut UP Christina
Is it one of the tracks you guys produced yourselves? It sounds amazing!
Thanks for the blog tweets! Hope you're having a lovely day!
I saw a tweet saying it was fake. Have you seen that?
Still working on this Gospel song I'm writing ..
been practicing why Georgia, beautiful song man. I'm a fingerpicker still tryin to get this cool rhythms you do w/ fingers?
"I speak the truth, but thats a foreign language to you all."
Happy Monday!! It's rise and Grind time! What can you do today that will make your tomorrow brighter?
Current Justin Morneau return timeline - 'In about a week...'
Best Original Screenplay for for Super. That'd be a lovely surprise.
Ohh boo cry me a fuckin' river !! -.- Just build a bridge and get the fuck over it -.-'
thanks for letting me know. I think they are trying to force everyone to use Chrome.
Police Director DeMaio, Chief Coley & the entire Newark Police family would like to wish you & your family a safe & happy holiday season!!!
have fun. Talk to you soon.
Good spot - Ha! Love your use of "pro tip!"
Tired of being who everyone wants me to be.. I'm tired of pretending I'm happy.. I just wanna start a new life with him & never come back..
Haha "i mean who doesn't have a basilica these days?"
right, I know! I am from ME but live in OR. Tired of having to fly into Manch to get a cheap flight...heard this was coming.
I just entered to win a lovely blue WordPress shirt from ! (Hopefully I'll win, and wear it our next Baltimore WordPress meetup.)
NO RT Did we hear this right? The T-bone is saying farewell from the menu?
yayyyy(: let me know when your free and I'll let you know when I am
Crying in your friends arms...
Memphis is known for the blues and we have a blend of country with it for u.
Authentic? If so, good deal. I forget if that Cavs one you linked is authentic.
- thanks for the great dinner tonight bro. Loved the octopus , black cod.
man i miss getting high ...... fuck getting a job.....
that what u use i always look for ideas to keep my hands n tip top condition and thats not gay no homo
Boyfriend came on my pandora...
Merry Christmas peeps!
Ha. I will work harder on Tweeting for you guys! let's meet up for lunch again.
aight lol good night RT “: no wi see why u come late casue yo ass go to sleep late..GO TO SLEEP ..GOOD NIGHT!..:)”
watchoo got against Ukraine!?
#quotes The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
"Better pro prospect Sullinger or Thomas Robinson?"
I bet iknow the one thing my wifes mom is watching now #wrestlemania llabplease retweet
sometimes this SV crap goes to people's heads. come on kids you are only successful when you are actually a success.
"think outside the box!? screw the box." -
good morning south florida
I wish my dogs would have told me they were gonna put a tracking device in my body while I was sleeping. I probably wouldn't have woken up.
307 is forever slow. Stupid.
and headed to #NCSC - will be judging the top #sales students
LOL...negative. I'm
lol no you go to sleep .
wait, that didn't come out right. You know what I mean.
San Antonio in the house! “: #amasummit #ls12 is starting out strong in Chicago. Excited to be representing San Antonio”
This girl need to gtfo our class bitch.. She talk too much
Interesting piece in response to the Adele story--the "you" note isn't technically appoggiatura. Though ttill a tear-jerker.
Picked monologue for the next round of auditions for going to be doing "Eva the bartender"cant wait! I love this business!
I'm watching travel channel and they are talking about how awesome "little dix bay" is. Sounds horrible to me
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe(:
Music is the poetry of the air.
hahaha sorry bro just got off work, are u on collage??
this is all my mom talks about: how excited are you gonna be when u meet them, u have to look hot n cute, Y wouldn't they
Did you know that Clyfford Still is recognized as one of the founders of abstract expressionism and that its roots began in 1944?
tweet something woman!
#Audibles What team is flying completely under the radar?
still singing high school musical songs, thanks
Game Plan Of A Changed Man
Just realized people who put "like this for a truth is" on fb have no lives, and people who like it, definitely like the attention?
: he was like yelling hello at me, it was so cute.
GM. Can the Colts get cap relief if they pay Peyton the bonus and still trade him to a team or does the $ stay on their cap?
The only reason why I wanna see #BattleShip is because is in it
your welcome(;
Quote of the day: "I'm suprised Disney doesn't have firework during a Festival of Joy... God likes fireworks too! Doesn't he?"
my house is filled with nomadic boxes seeking their final resting spot.
#WhenImAlone I'm bored.
u got any shows coming up?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Thank you and to you as well! Happy #WW. Cheers!
#GIveObamacreditfor... anything you want to. Obama is big enough to take it.
We've entered the triple digits in the cart & our poor fridges/gear are struggling. Gonna close up at 4pm. Back tomorrow at 11am!
I think Word List Expert is the best.
Sweet! Tickets are on presale tomorrow, right?
So many lucky new employees. Very nice. Watching the jobs board for the next round of openings.
oh just ate bowl of oatmeal , banana. And eating brown rice with the chicken.. That 6to 8times a day lol
u ignore me lol
I hope you'll hear me in the street humming, sofly breathing out your name.
I'm NOT the one to be coppin attitude with sweety(:
Hang on guys... Only a few hours left of work...
text me . Who was you tweet about
Only 1 person in 2 billion will live to be 116.
No never. He is an amazing athlete. I luv Hendo, but I don't think he nor Gustaffson stand a chance, but in MMA u never know.
*school* In class: 1+1=2 In homework: 1+2+7=10 In test: if richard has 4 oranges and gives 1 away, calculate the sun's mass -.-
#BOYFRIEND = exited for bieber
I need Chapstick
Loving all my friends in this industry.... Its a fun business to be apart of.
Thanks you for checking me out too! Blessing!
Good call!!
i love seeing family
Following the drumbeat of the Self isn't easy. Practicing asking my mind to follow & serve, rather than race worriedly ahead.
miss a bit of the first??? If they're down by 2 or more goals, we'll know who to blame!
two days left..then a week of relaxation
Headed back to Hamilton Park
in a larger sense you are correct, the point I was trying to make has escaped me.
Aye Yo, looking at this Katana's on Craigslist, bahhaha
yay congrats on the new record! Can't wait to crank it UP!
I can't stand lies.
Catch me on #SunsetBlvd 2nite Wit my PHILLY/LA Team Drinks ON TOP OF DRINKS 2NITE... Oh yea
Totally agree. Accountability seems to be a lost art and I have no problem with coaches demanding a little.
I just ran a red light and cussed while I was on the phone with my mom.
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY! CAN I GET A FOLLOW OR HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISH PLEASE!? :)
That makes twice that the #Rangers dugout had to make a quick move to avoid a getting hit by a foul ball. Nice reflexes!
The most entertaining part of #NFLDraft is listening to the live coverage of commentators talking as if EVERY pick will produce immediately.
Will y'all be my Valentine?
CAn be a thousand words have 100 meanings! Said almost everyday! Can hurt! Can make u smile for while <that word that word>
skinny andrew zimmern is nearly as terrifying as skinny al roker.
I'm doing the exact opposite -- not eating. Not a good habit, I know :-/
we don't have set plans for it yet but I'll look into it for you!
Many musical thanks for following, to , , and
How do you like that new Remix by "You Da Boss"
yes you do
2011 "Essentials" Grammy Gifting Lounge pictures are posting on our main website: www.sakirivodka.com
ive been searching for that answer, i just hope i get it now !
Fabulous yourself!
noice! We are all avid park watchers. New episodes wednesday!
That shit is a trip I hear though.
Yep. Remember these dudes.
How about Press Secretary? Those would be the best press conferences EVER.
LOVE HIM EVEN IF HIS NAME IS LIKE DAT I DONT KARE IF PPL LAUGH AT HIS NAME HEZ STIL MA BOO
Just got back from Riverview with Raven, Nya and Kiki... I can't find Kiki now. :/.
What kinda sandwiches you working with today?
I know but it looks so much better then going to hs
Awesome!!! What days are you free? Barack's pretty much free anytime, so we'll definitely meet you for some free golf lessons!!
Lol yeah i thought they did too
RT : Seeking assistance for your education? Apply for the Gary Yoshimura Scholarship. Deadline is Jan. 30!...
This might be a non-smoking hotel room, but the room's still chewing a lot of nicorette.
Good seeing you at #Celtics game, T.
that's so you know its real, cuz i don't share ;))
Dont worry aunt cindy....ill be with you sooner than you think.
96 degrees by the pool today! :)
Honestly, I kinda miss sitting at the table.
RT: so close to 3000 followers. We have an elf on the warehouse roof ready with party poppers>> Which employee lost that bet?
Hope everyone is having an amazing day!!!
Did squats in the garage today. They didn't have a bad day either.
I don't think its unexpected. When you argue about big things in politics, division is the only possible result.
Open your mind to new ideas everyday
Need to hire older guy for more perspective. Women friends come to me for great advice
yo, having another "be the host" contest? Still think got robbed. <<<--Agreed.
yeah he told me. I didn't know the rents were out tho. If I get out on time I was gonna stop by anyway
Settle down. I tried to re tweet but couldn't never trying to steal credit wasn't enough space to credit.
working on a reorder for imprinted plush bears. Thanks Meredith!
Mother's day is this Sunday. Why not suprise her with some great Bamboo clothing!
Thats what being able to shower and talk on the phone at the same time will do to you.
Better late than never! Looking forward to shoot in a few hours with Miller!
feeling a lil better today, another surgery in a month to hopefully wrap this all up. Xoxo
What's up Thanks for the follow.
me too :D
Gus Johnson on the call-close finish guarantee.
It's my birthday
Good job security
I had forgotten all about the Monkees walk! I was remembering the pretend Monkees the neighborhood girls put together. I was Mike.
I guess not an a believer in negative apocalypse. We are all writing chapters of our stories with conflicts, love, and growth.
#quotes #leadership A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
What exactly RT : Taking one for the team
thanks for the retweet!!
Toe-pick mother fucker!
man im so used to wakin up early everyday that on my day off i can't even sleep late
Happy Friday, Peeps! If you were at yesterday's #PRSANCC event- see I was right. Fri. did come!
Ashleigh's producer Jameel is incredible! At Gravity Studios, Chicago!
Everybody let's trend
Just registered for Miami Man 1/2 Iron Man in November.
Bourbon, muddled mint & lemon, curaçao! Eastern Standard makes them nice and delicious!
At the and going through an incredible training on improving presentations.
As you see the world is still here that old guy was on crack lol
Training time: our weekly call with the best training team in the nation
It was so pretty! Like a leopard! Oh man, had I stepped on it I would have had to call Mark to get rid of the evidence.
Ramen Report: Pop-Up Yuji Brings Broth-Free Bowls To Williamsburg
I'm at the CSA Awards honoring Casting Directors and having a blast...What are you doing to honor YOUR greatness today?
Couldn't even eat half of a 6 inch sub from Subway. Stupid braces.. 👎
Arthur Bryant burnt ends ... Yum!
Leaving my heart bruised really isn’t a smart move ‘Cuz that’s how you get your ass pushed out a moving car pool
Why twitter. Why won't you upload my pic for me?
Hubby just walked by and only noticed the "pervert and discipline" part of your sentence and said "What the hell are you doing?"
Did you find the yearbook stash in the library storage room?
Sarah Vowell just signed Unfamiliar Fishes! That was fun.
I benefitted immensely from enlarging my group of women friends. It's been an unexpected source of joy
#tsdday I heard ten really great stories today. Which ones resonated with you?
It's supposed to snow tonight! I'm feelin a #latestart tomorrow. Or better yet, no school at all?
Cee Lo Green looked like a blinged out Tucan Sam.
HCR came on while I was shopping! I freaked out & then got kicked out!
Dance Like a Stripper by <<---- Performing #LIVE May 19th!!!! THIS SATURDAY!!! We Shooting A
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.~ Thoreau
Dawkins is 38, 15 years in NFL
I'm not your robot
Just saw someone younger than me on cable TV being interviewed as a "political strategist". Strange.
#BIEBERonTheVOICE ugh when I see this video no more ovaries
I miss
My parents got me another #orioles shirt as a congrats present :D
Yay, just got my Alabama Shakes vinyl. This is a good album w grt songs. This is more than just retro throwback
They asked that same question on 4/28. That's weird.
can you follow me back pleasee??
heck no I was already naked xD
what job you applying for?
i dont get a mention in that tweet.....haha
Number of South Sudan crisis. Government official expresses confidence in a clash over much of man.
On to the next game... Wow what a grind...
That'd be great! I'll arrive around 7. How should we make the handoff happen?
Im having the Worst day
You can't change the World but you can always change yourself So if you and I start to change then we have already begun changing the world
They're probably just gonna have us climb through the horse statues' stomach holes. Pretty basic.
come to Blush Mequon, we are the only freestanding boutique in the Midwest to carry the brand! It's beyond amazing;)
#jets killed me tonight
I cant go to the game tonight so give the tickets to someone else who replies! Thanks for supporting the team, though!
So much for run support
hahah will do!
Rush's on starvation in Port-au-Prince: "Get a little capitalism in Haiti"
Congrats to the for defeating Hamilton 15-6! Josh Simms had 5 goals & 1 assist for the Outlaws
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart. & no teacher will tell you how to move on.
RT : RT And now back to the lab #7dayworkweek w/ <
good work with the composting!
how do the prices for masters' merchandise compare?
Joey Diamonds Fashion is becoming popular in another Texas city. Taking over city by city. "Diamonds All Over Ya Body" lol
oh ok use u can
I owe you a shirt! You should just pick one out when you're there!
So i guess treatin you right is not enough
They won it in 2000. Boller was drafted in '03.
Rain, go away.
Late but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
I followed!!!
Anyone else struggling to get into the Christmas spirit this year? I sure am!
The Timeless Torches are real!
Champions League Final against Bayern Munich
At 2pm & recorded just last night at , the Pavel Haas Quartet with a program of Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich & Smetana.
Your arm can't reach me 😜
"She asked him for a lock of his hair, so he cut it off, gave it to her, and she ate it" ROFL too funny
When I was a shawty, I saw a U.F.O. It was shiny, oval, fast & stopped on a dime. I thought about it, maybe it was a being & not a ship.
I know
I agree had the ad been done better there would be little to talk about. It was just a bad look
just thinking bout how your doing in your life. Just missing you buddy.
Soo who else's enjoyed Justin's. Performance last night? : D ik I did
Hey guys, just wanted to let you know that Kenny will also be doing a free masterclass before the show at the Levine school.
check it out this week Thursday to Sunday. Milwaukee's own SXSW Wisconsin kicks butt thats why. check out www.theypmc.com
The sun is really doing its thing this morning! Sorry to see it go by around 3pm. Sniff. - rob
I am definitely in need of a crafting rebound, Joe left me very vulnerable.
Aldon make Brees all done. 2 dudes knocked out 50 more to go.
So sad to hear about the passing of Donna Summer. Donna was a amazing artist and will be missed dearly. Prayers go out her family.
I quit my job today! Blog post coming soon!
oh no you didn't ! :O
Definitely happening on a couch, winning that much in public can get you killed man.
no im not and yes they are ugh!
I wanna have fun! (;
u r not winning me ovr here! :o)
Don’t forget to pick up your iThinklocal card the next time you are getting your oil changed.
Orlando real estate. Picking up steam! Let's go!!!!
Gotta make sure he doesn't get too big for his britches
yes I am going to sign up perhaps we can do some linking of websites and perhaps guest writers on newsletter/blg
at the gym!
#lightitup get a record high score with this pace woo
I know you love his style!!
I'd like to remind both of you that I called this a long time ago
Who was the genius who scouted Pedro Strop? ......I fired him.
No one else should take any shot the rest of the game,get melo the damn ball
why are there so many #brewers fans already gone, its the #postseason, be a fan regardless. I would of gladly taken your tickets you babies
my book won't be out til next spring but i will definitely let you know. glad to hear you are interested
good! Cause I seriously got scared that we might have messed up his name!
haha I'm not tired yet! I wanna party! lol jk
Re: last tweet >> I love history.
Just got my sketch pad for art now got my ballon for Brittney :D
would love to know what it is...
Pizza Hut 10$ box, and watching secret life. Love monday nights (: !!!
Chicks are crazy around here.... LIKE CRAZZZZZYYYY!
Thank you much ~*~. Wishing you and yours a joyful
Such a joy-filled day - wondering if our new bed is mostly responsible - no more backaches and actual rest happening...worth every penny :)
WI election results on Tuesday foreshadow a loss in 2012. People want fiscal sanity.
Where the fu_k is Cupid when you need him...
- interesting. I'm going to try that with Norton ghost and see if it works on my micro sd card. Thanks for the info!
Great bread, but could always use more #raisins. VERY delicious though.
Friends entertain Cville 2night! From P.E.P. at Live Arts to S.P.T.T.C. at the Jefferson, Xmas shows at 4CP and Hamner. Good luck & Enjoy!
Live, Laugh, Love
Doesn't look like Molly Munger's backing down. Drops another $1.5 million into her initiative.
I am!
OHMYGAWD!!!! YES!!!! - RT: Bruce #Springsteen and the E Street Band at New Orleans Jazz Fest 2012 #jazzfest2012 BUT :( 4 Clarence
Thank you :)
TWITTER. School has been keeping me away from you :/
i look at everyone's lips. idk..
Happy Birthday, Jeremy!
: Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
I really do not care what my President thinks about marriage. I am more concerned if he actually knows how to run a country.
Waiting for to climb in the octagon and throw down at #strikeforce. Do your thing man!
i love those ironic moments where at the end all you can really do is just laugh at yourself for doing tht
Doing homework... really on YouTube *coughcough* - I procrastinated. Dang, do I feel guilty. Back to homework... g'night Twitter. ^_^
Fired UT swim coach recounts abuse, addiction
i decided not to stop dating black men i will just b patient & wait 4 God
But seriously. It was a great day. Even if things are up in the air...by things I mean everyTHING(s)...I'm still okay. :)
I'm jealous!
will be so great to see you here! you are NOT crazy. Detroit is beautiful.
Umm Ma'am. PLs wake up and get off my shoulder. U only paid for one seat! Marta!
Need good advice from a male man.
its actually #BOYFRIEND6minutes <3 love you! please reply to my dm to make my dreams come true! #beenheresinceday1 love you!
I missed it! That's awesome. I can't find it online. Do you have a link? Thanks !
Cool Find!
No, but I did read something about it. Any good?
RT : AnywayDoe , twitter d e a d . Im in L.A if you want to get it off your mind! Follow me,
She talk dirty but her mouth clean. 👍
I forgot u gotta go to Dearborn wake his ass up than
My husband is the only person I know that cannot tell if the milk he put in his cereal is spoiled.
If you believe in love , lets get it on (;
I'm so sorry
Great series...We need a drink!
Buy me a ukulele.
It's #FollowFriday - Check out these orgs making strides for women in science.
Hey Universal, it doesn't matter how many times you show Rihanna, I don't want to see Battleship. I want to see Avengers again.
“: Pacers can suck it.” did you hurt yourself jumping on the bandwagon ??
I cant wait to fuckin see you guys in september in Michigan! <3 MAKE IT SPECIAL THERE!! IM SO EXCITED! <3
lol she did and than did her sleepy moan to show that she was annoyed lol. Than she stretched and went back to sleep x)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 37
TRIPS IS GETTING MUGGED!
We look forward to seeing you at Beerhoptacular! Between BH and the awesome FoBAB you are in for some fine brews. Enjoy!
' ImA have to visit a store soon lol
Garth Brooks is the only thing appropriate right now. I love Texas. Can't wait to be back in the aouth
Also, overloaded! :-)
Let's Go #Rangers!!
Vegetarians of Oklahoma & the Vegetarian Society invite you, Scott & pugs to make a tour stop in the Sooner state!
The awkward moment when my math teacher is in Ian's pizza #kember why the fuck r u out
I'm just afraid that the lotus is going to hurt her career.
Please don't tag me in modern InstaFace pictures made to look like old Polaroids. I already feel old enough.
Me & Billy r at Dr. Scott Linik's doggie dentist 4 recheck of gums & teeth this morning. His patients luvvingly refer to him as Uncle Scott
Love it! We've definitely caught Gosling fever at the IMA!
KARMA! by . KORN. LIMP BISKIT. METALLICA. EMINEM . & LINKIN PARK! good cover of . shout - tears for fears!
You're welcome, Bob. Thanks for all the great content! :-)
must get started by following and before they start whining.
right!! and one of them was my substitute, what's wrong with this world
Have to get up soon :( Just 3 more days of the weekend and i'd be fine!!!
Donald Kushner of DK Sports Financial Wants to be Athletes' “Financial Coach” - Business Insider
always love having you on #SommChat - happy
Monkey give us blow.
to whatever family member sent my mom that picture; you are dead to me.
If u came with a label people could read b4 getting to know u what would it say?
my criminal minds heart. Oh boy. Im gunna miss you :(
Well, I can finally cross off "Take a hobo shower aboard the #Bainbridge Island Ferry" from my
Do non-Laker fans get tacos in this case?
darn spell check. John Cleese. Note Close.
We just got some new *Purple Diesel *
If you're really gonna call yourself an ICONiac and make fun of Nick just because he said "you da bestest" you're clearly a fake
“: Im ready to be off work already, & im also ready to find a new job! Lord help me!” LODOs was hiring downtown I think.
Yay for being off on my days. Having no job sucks.
No More Prom. ! Family Firstt !
hit a NEW level of godmode today at work...i ran thru this shit like gold supersonic
big week!! can't wait until friday, headed to phoenix to see the hubby and enjoy some rest and relaxation!! :)
Kickoff for Holy Cross is at 4pm our time. Good luck Indians! Take care of business. Strong D and smart ball control!
Happy Saturday night! :) RT : GM happy Friday
RT if your girlfriend would make a good hooker
down with learning journal!! up with summer clothes!
youve never FFed on being a fucking idiot. RT : Who's the flip flopper? has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Must be nice!
was truly amazing to be in the presence of greatness this weekend with
When you realized that you fucked yourself over <<<
It's a funny thing about life, if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you often get it.
Thank you Peyton!
you doesn't have to tweet it ;) jk lol
king of limbs?
“: I don't know whether to have a margarita or mint julep!!!”
is my Jack so I guess that makes me Rose, that means I will never let go
146-133 now that's an All Star game!!
Sleeping with my pillow pet tonight.
i had the craziest dreams about what we talked about :( i'll go to the gym at the same time as you tomorrow
Same refs from the Heat series last year showed up tonight. Could be a long second half...
why use yo bank card when u can use face card
will be working from home full time this summer. open to advice.
Very good game. You did great.:D
He has the lucidity which is the by-product of a fundamentally sterile mind. ~ Aneurin Bevan (about Neville Chamberlain)
Great observation.RT : Don't like that the Cubs are throwing the worst pitcher in baseball when they have no bullpen options.
Welp, just looked at the NFL app I just added. My life is complete.
LOVE that!
they don't understand a tweet is only 140 characters!
that video is so good, but I'm sad Nick Offerman was on the wrong side.
As a birthday presents to myself, bought a last minute flight up to Chicago next weekend and one other thing.
Can't wait for the this weekend!
its called planking. Where you lie flat on your stomach in weird places and have someone take a picture not a bad spot
H8 u. ;) Have a wonderful time.
how'd you do that
For the glory of God. For the sacrifices of family. For the love of her. And then for me...
Come over tomorrow at 2 for the game it will be fun
You are awesome.
I gave up beads for Lent...I'm making you ALL necklaces tomorrow!!!! HAPPY EASTER
ugh life tomorrow why
she has inspired me as well!!
Good luck to the eat local restaurants participating in Rockabilly Chili today! List includes
praying hun feel better and please take care of yourself luv u!
I shudder at the thought. This particular blend is apparently "poured" through cats. Nasty.
thank you Happy new years to you and your family
Big things are about to happen!! STAY TUNED!!
Peace & Alignment~
I do love my Samsung Infuse! After having an iPhone, there are def pros & cons to both... are you waiting for the iPhone5?
We pay influencers who believe in our brands. We pay those that are authentic. Via
yea but I think he meant be a crossover
Happy Monday... here's to hoping this week goes fast...
Thank you for the RT. We look forward to seeing you next week.
This must be a parallel universe because I just did my math homework
Being carried bu a lesbian
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
If it weren't for Adele, Nicki would have just ruined my hope for the future of music.
Re:Eagles/Vick Nope, ppl don't buy rehabilitation. With US justice system, not too surprising. I know & <3 many mad Egls fans
hey! follow your bestfriends iphone!
Will you be there for awhile? Want to grab a drink with me afterwards?
Media interviewers repeatedly neglect to interview those kids most affected by daytime #curfews. Homeschool & Alternative are most impacted.
Congratulations to DePaul University College of Law - Julie Krupa and Michael Comeau - for placing first in the IP LawMeet™!
Whoa, has anybody seen the changed site? Looks awesome, love the look and content...
"teacher" idk but we were following each other's SinceLongTimeAgo, and i'm trying to understand why we're not #followingnow xd
The Beverly Hill Titties!
Sheamus picks up first fall because of a DQ by d.bry
Happy Holidays Everyone, and Positive Energy going into the New Year.
she's making it and Ive just been working and being a good man in life. How's your mom
One Word: sanitizer
you were beautiful before you even knew what hairspray was! :) Just believe it. #RE: MyBiggestFlaw
This state sucks I wanna move to NJ
Ugh no. He's hideous and far less funny than people seem to think. She can do so much better.
2 OLine trains on way home. First 1 late and jammed; 2nd 1 no air and easily > 80. No explanations. Do you ride these trains?
Seriously that was like the longest moment of our lives lol not complainin tho
took you long enough then haha
If anyone tells you that the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock, tell them to shut up. With your fist.
yeah, can u believe it? Lol. It's my only talent. Lol
TOUCH has the most amazing and universal stories that are expertly woven together. We are all connected... even more than we think.
Great morning for Nia! LOL! Every morning is a great morning for a Nia workout!
Praying helps everything(:
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a start
Maintenance management to leadership ... that's what we're talking about today with Carla Cross! Join us!
CEO Elisabeth Mason and SVP Julie Kashen are in San Francisco in time for Halloween. Wondering - did Single Stoppers greet them in costume?
I'm not going 2 hop on Twitter and bash , I like her . However ... I will say I'm disappointed with her actions after seeing this!
😖awful stomach ache from that dinner ... Feel like I might puke
State bound tomorrow yay
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
Now she wanna PHOTO 📷
idk bout lex but B drunk the WHOLE damn bottle of ciroc
hello hello hello avril
Abby is kind of one of the coolest girls I know:)
Brutal match today, time to sleep for 15 hrs
It comes but once every 4 years, Happy Leap Day!
The fact that it is 45degrees in Chicago is just...
aww yes haha XD plan it down to the last detail lol
Hopefully they both find a spot. I like watching both!
so town n' country it is.....weird to know
If the rain doesn't wash away all that dirt from your car, then stop by and see us. We'll make sure your car shines!
the one day out of 50 it has to rain, when the boys r on the lake..lol
Yesterday's Spring Bridal show was so much fun. We enjoyed meeting lots of 2013 brides and making some new vendor friends too!
Great seeing everyone
thanks for the RT!
yeah. I like to think it makes me awesome so I never have to cut the grass.
You only want it cause its over
Cool idea!
having your license is the best thing ever.
not true, smoke a bunt or get layed
Back at work today cant wait till Friday go back to Chicago n see my daughter
I was like wait they date? &he said yeah & that you and h always talk. but yeah ahaha.
it would creepier if I winked.
I'm in the hallway and some chonga pulls an empanda out of her pocket.....
Warm enough to get on my bike for a bit this morning. Is it sick to say that I miss my commute?!
Thank you for sharing this.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <35
TGIF! What's on tap for you and your #Audi this weekend?
hawks fans are mad today idek
saved me so much time today with a Python script
Macaroni & Cheese , Chicken && French fries for lunch <3 what are youu having for lunch?(: -Ritchelle<3
little dragon beat go boom! Good luck on the mix down!
happy valentines day to myself. cool.
UGH but theres nothing to do... its a nice day for scootering but uhh someone has your scooters....... *throws up*
Marathon training day one complete. 3 miles down. 460 to go
playing anything good?
only give them a fraction.
I'll be on #FaceToFace w/ and tonight! 630 outside of Las Vegas / 730 Las Vegas
Starting the countdown clock on Brad & Emily's (the whiny, insecure, self-serving dingbat) relationship now. SO OVER in a year (or LESS!)!!!
: Thank you for your feedback. We have passed it on the product team.
Nothing like locking yourself out of a running vehicle
Its hard walking away from someone you love. But you have 2 do what's best for u
nice location too: a gym for kids.
Church rocked, clarity achieved then Bam. Brick wall in my face. Weird. My kids let me cut their hair, all is well for this mommy again.
dat street cool, but its better wit flowlife
this weekend could possibly turn out to be the best of my life! :)
Hanging out with Emily and the baby(;
My hair cannot commit to one popular genre of music.
Thanks dude - you too!
It was not great. Interesting, but not delicious.
still can't find it. lmao get on fb
have a great weekend!
let's go hawks
I've given you my all, and now I'm nothing.
This is one of our favorite tricks! Tape works best for removing temp tattoos that have been on for 24 hrs or less.
I have no idea ;0 I wanna know too lol
And everyone though Taylor Swift was going to top Forbes.
Apparently she's a friend of a friend, and just a little obsessive.
I realized, alot of restaurants: Say, "No shirt, no shoes, no service" but they never said anything about, PANTS!?!
phone got taken away:/
Heat needs to stop all that fouling
Way to go, team. Great live reports from , , and
PAX East was incredible! Shout out to everyone we met this weekend! You guys are the reason we do what we do. Keep on rockin.’
Wow! Sometimes I really think the infographic is the great intellectual contribution of the internet thus far.
Ganna get the wheels today, and my skateboard tomorrow C:
Signature Live. Right here Saturday at 8pm.......werexcited.com!!!!!!!
RK always dressed nicer than us : WHEN U GET NICE CLOTHES: MT : my 5th anniv how long 'til I'm officially a TV guy?
#QuotesFromMeanGirl should be trending..
I don't deserve this
You're on my mind....
Humble yourself shawty
shush. Work issued. Thus, BB. And it takes great pictures, which makes it more palatable.
agreed :) who are you most excited for?
Americans consume a staggering 350 slices of pizza per second!
Wanna get a tattoo but not sure ,,, might hurt too much :/
north carolina sucks, but for real: are we surprised? it's not like the state has a spotless track record when it comes to civil rights.
you rocked the stage with the most theatrical tribute to Broadway's Phantom on the VMA's
Obama looking Sharp in his presidental address.
T3: Mobile versions of websites always stripped down versions of desktop. Not sure if because small screen or lack of power
good! if you need help let me know ;)
"we're coming to getcha, we're coming to getcha... Get your hotties in place!"
take of the jeans and put on your jams
Enlightenment - finally, weave real-time market response fueling the predictive business
great movie!
What are you talkin about foooo, im confused ?
I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Just read The Sense of an Ending in its entirety in one sitting in Colombo airport.
oo i'm intrigued. can't wait to hear what the changes are!
Indeed it is. We're one year away from no longer paying daycare. I imagine it to be like paying the final mortgage payment.
No spotter info just yet. Tornado warning near Mankato is radar indicated at this point. Warning continues through 6:30pm.
Everyone should text this Asshole & mess with him. He's a total dick that needs an attitude check. 16149402430
Lol, yep we will talk about this Monday. I'm gonna logoff.
watching sex and the city reruns. why didnt carrie marry aiden? he was the best. and then she cheated on him with big and ruined it all
Today Whole foods on Ponce is donating 5% of net sales to the East Atlanta and Grant Park Farmers Markets! Pretty great.
Rough OT loss for the
Dear Dad, I know you would prefer me to working in corporate america. I tried it but didn't like it. I'm an artist. Can I borrow some money?
is now *officially* a PADI Master Scuba Diver.
i did follow him
Rangers' Josh Hamilton had a "LeBron" night. Not 1, not 2, not 3...
Volunteer meeting and training tonight 7pm at HQ 18 5th st. Afterglow party at Dee-Lite!
Thanks again for all of the retweets! Have a wonderful weekend!
That should have been a goal... puck was over the line! What do you think?
Thank you for the #FF shout. Starting our comic book biz classes Friday 11/11/11 and a Bronx GSA initiative.
congrats! where has the time gone?
Tech Geeks 007 is Following Claire
Great interview at Natuzzi in High Point. Italsofa is a great product in terrific bold color.
Using ⌘F on the authors also lets me see a crucial part of the "Research" grade—how each source is used in the essay, how it's introduced.
"Have you ever talked to someone, and you're not even really talking to them? Actors are the worst for that." - Joe Rogan
Citation for the LA homicide warrant stat? The link to Liberty Prosperity blog does not offer any source for this info.
Good to see you on here!
Agreed, very sad about Whitney. What a waste.
Who wants to do a #NCPH2013 session with me? Teaching Digital Skills in a Small Public History Program.
Hey Billy! Miss U 2 :)
When the TA and the person who does Info Tech for a living both get less than an A on your midterm, perhaps it's time to reval your test...
Is Winston a last minute town? Prove it and come to SECCA tonight, 7 pm, for a FREE movie: The Parting. Local producer and crew.
Ruthless is an understatement!!! I'm so sad I'm working and can't come get shwastey :-(
On the train to Cambridge for the evening. Have about an hour to kill when I get there, any suggestions for what I should go see?
To the soul, there is hardly anything more healing than friendship
I will probably hit in the face for this
Of course, you were waiting to go to work. I want to work on set with you again - epic! I was omw to pick up my twin dragon.
do you like your cousin lol?
I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die
We love your vision and mission of your org! Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the congrats everyone, really nice to have the new baby with us for the holidays :-)
If anyone else wants me to draw their avi hit me up on twitter
I think college is the new mid-life crisis. No one can afford a sportscar anymore!
Man.. I rememeber when I was saying 112 days till graduations boy did time fly
I'll bring you the first two on Wednesday
Karli Johnson steps up to pinch hit and blasts her first career HR! Two first time bombs back-to-back for Cavaliers. 6-2 w/ 0 outs in 7th
It's Finally Friday which means it's time to FOLLOW FRIDAY!
i hope you like their music(:
:'( then It think we need to pray for healing hearts in Ethans family!
hahah yea i just had to.. I completely agree!
In my redaction lesson, I created a poem about books and a perfect life. Was a sucess! 1 people already borrowed (my mom).
that was awesome :)
thanks for the shout out man! Have a good weekend !
Does that mean I can stop driving? 33 miles out..... Contact period.... Over.
Counter Lady just made a calculated gesture toward the tip jar at me at Taco Bell.
It's cool bro... I'm really sorry... I overreacted... I miss her.. that's all.
RT "OH: I've been coding longer than he's been alive." ... I know what you mean, scary when you realize it (with ur peers).
It'll be like Happy Gilmore vs Bob Barker
COME TAKE ADULT LATIN HIP HOP CLASS ON FRIDAYS!!! THIS FRIDAY...CLASS IS FREE
then you have had a successful day
I need more shares on LinkedIN, more Tweets, +1, BizSugar, Blog Engage votes (have to be a member to Vote), comments, etc.
Yes, because any writer capable of confusing me to such an extent is obviously an intellectual original.
Thank you Lord for a beautiful day.
Wednesday is our Thanksgiving Party!!! We are going to have a live DJ, prizes & more ;)
who agrees with me that `s lil brother Forrest is a little sweetheart?
RT : Foursquare check-in at your polling location tomorrow and use #LugarforCongress when you vote.
Que dice el publico? RT : often I wonder if you're projecting 2nd gen Mexicans from California onto all Mexicans.
I just finished Twin Peaks. I'm so sad. And scared. Now what?
Follow If You Want Justin Biebers (dont Have His Number But Follow If You Want It)
November 22, 2013 IS A DATE THAT IS SO FAR AWAY & NEEDS TO COME QUICK!
It's weird being a minority guyz
Oh yeahh!!! Bulls won! Thats wassup! 88to87 ! D. Rose is just too good haha! #Bulls #D. Rose
Bow Wow a baby daddy now. Dumb ass smh
clones don't like memes.
pretty good I went on a Dunkin run with my good friend ! Got my Vanilla Chi Tea!
I just don't care anymore. I thought I was over nights like this.
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day. Keep me in the loop!
that sucks. Almost done? My semester ended last week and I dunno what to do with myself. Haha
Let me do some shoppn on ebay....
Let's give away a pizza today! Just RT & tell your fave pizza topping for a chance to win free large pizza! We'll say winner @ 5pm
Hello kitty!(like my shoes!) Keep voting-A
okay and you know for sure that they are?
LiLLies in Woodley Park, Happy Hour M-F 5-7PM: $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, Half off apps..Tell your friends!
“: Palm Springs: What treasures you found and which discount store/swap meet you found them at.”...before you died. ;)
Batteries, diesel, solar energy power patrol, pump-out boats
agreed. Pau is a top 15 player in the NBA when he's on. Marc is a top 40
Went to Alan Liu's talk tonight
That's OK, I'm planning on using all my connections to help her. Thanks for the thoughts.
Saw Carmen last night. Despite SD Opera's best efforts, she's just not that sympathetic a character. Good show, though & great pipes!
what are you doing right now? Let know and hashtag it #UWRightNow!
No, it's Nuvia Crisol Guerra. Did I just channel a dead author?
We love Atlanta! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Atlanta!
#salsa & #bachata workshops tomorrow morning EARLY in #stl at Millennium Hotel downtown! Instructors from throughout the country! Ready?
»« Follow back!
you to!
It was so nice meeting you earlier! That was pretty awesome. See ya at Playlist!(:
Now you have to come see the interior!
a friend has grown hanging tomato plants 2 years in a row...very cool and yes, it does work!
Where are you going now? Did I miss something?
H&H Real Estate Media had a busy week! Our clients are so great!! Hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Getting sleepy again..
Oh, when are we wearing it? I'm not doing anything public, just letting you know, also, I'm off on a mission in Oct.
I'm so fuckin hot -_-
#IFeelLike I'm asking to many questions
#ImMadBecause nothing goes my way. Y U NO GO MY WAY?
At applebees w/ and a uniform cop and his fam are eating across the aisle. The stoned kids behind us look worried hahaha
Sonny's is a great place to play darts! We have two dart boards and a friendly atmosphere. Come on in!
Thank god for sun sports cause I cannot stand Reggie miller commentating!!!
girl, you were still werkin it. lol. Hopefully you enjoyed some #bootyshake . lol (:
were the fuck are you ?
thanks for the tweet you two! Let me know if I can help in any way. ^JM
I got grounded and yelled at for saying the truth. You didn't believe me - but is that my fault?
I'm nothin but everything you bitches makin plans to be.
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is :: it may be a mans world but i wouldnt be s&^* wit out a women or girl!!!!
I'm supporting #Psshh . Come out and have an OBP!
what exactly are you looking for career wise?
thank you for the great concert at the House of Blues in Chicago!!
What it do Elyse! How's everythang been going witcha? RT : I miss tweeting you buddy!!!
your a beast dave! lol please follow me! :)
la la la.
So glad i'm done with this semester! Now to relax :)
I THINK YOU MEAN UHOH. lol.
really tired of shady boys.
Hm good point.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
The only one that is better is good luck Charlie
Management is doing what you did yesterday, a little faster and a little cheaper. Godin.
It's 11:11, Make a wish, make a wish yeahh....
Fake lashes on at 9:40am- on a mission.
YW! Look forward to your tweets.
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. 'I discovered I could empty a dirty hearth..t
Time 2 spike the hot chocolate,,make snow angels, & sled down these big hills n douglasville neighborhood! #snowatl bitches! Partys here!
I always look happy, but in all honesty I'm the most saddest person you ever know
ok so I'm now in love with Dashboard Confessional. I'm dying listening to Dusk and Summer. ah
Still have a whole case of Imperial Stout Drink beer outside!
Awww. Miss you too! And we'll try and be good but no promises. 😉 haha
it's okaii
We love where we live and always support locals. The depth of creativity in CLE is wonderful!
"This is the only Blake song I like." -- Me, to my sister, when "Find Your Love" by Drake came on
or solstice?
Thanks for the retweet!
3 in a row dude really
you are gonna do my make up and make me look like KStew right? LOL
We hope you found the dress of your dreams! :) Enjoy your prom!
Chili/Cheese/Crackers O My Goodness! Soo Damn Good!
#7. Pistachio Frozen Yogurt is a SLAP IN THE FACE and a KNIFE IN THE BACK to the ice cream known as pistachio.
Hanging with my mom at Popeyes.
Snooki is having a baby what
Just a perspective check. Easy to forget all they've done for us.
GLADLY!! a fat BLUNT
It&#39;s Time to Have &quot;The Talk&quot;
I'm going to get a free muffin at today. Be jealous. Then ask me how you can get a free muffin or dessert from there. :)
Thrilled to hear you're on Twitter now! Thanks for everything you are doing for Wisconsin.
Now featuring Joey Curtin and her album "God with Us!"
pin-te-crest
I agree ": im straight but damn lol u have a perfect ass"
I AM DONNG THIS :P
The best way to get someone's attention, is to not give them yours. 👍
If the #Brewers were looking to shop their Limited Edition Tim Dillard, his value takes a dive every time he's taken out of his packaging.
Thanks for the #FF! ;-)
You're a white hot baby.
Can't wait to go summer shopping on sunday👍👍
Absolutely not! Brandon (read our blog post on him) started a year early so he could fundraise his trip. Very smart guy :)
Thanks Pam!
I absolutely hate icloud
At a higher altitude with flag unfurled, we reached the dizzy heights of that dreamed of world
You have to watch the new trailer for the Dark Knight Rises. Its so good words cannot deserve it.
k on my way
Homemade Mac-n-Cheese.
Still recovering from St Patty's day? Tweet us a pic of your celebrations and we'll give you a follow!
Pre game speech is over, hour and half until game time. Boys look ready to battle the Gophers!
411GreenWave is going LEED. "Leadership in Energy Environmental Design"
Film and Legal History in 19th Century Masterfile: Law of Copyright as Applied to Moving Pictures, 1909
Bless you.
I was bored LOL
Love the tweet!
works for vegetables as well.
on the website? We're not seeing it...can you provide any more detail (screen shot)?
Love your background - hope you are well! miss you ladies
sounds worth it!
there are a LOT of artists here I wasn't expecting. This is amazing.
- Seriously ? Man, we just had dinner and I was wasted last night. A little advanced notice next time ?
Giants takif out Lincicum who had recovered from bad start,pinch hitting for him in6th..takin a shot
Damn watchd Monday's game on tv just realized i had tickets
Great rehearsal today with the amazing
You only get a life time to live so make it what you want and make it right.
Thanks to all helping me promote my first book I've reached my following limit so yes I have to beg for more followers "PYTHON" Carina Nolan
True! It was a midi controller, but cleaned up well. Break time.
oh i never saw it !
Sitting in my running car in the driveway to attend conference call. Yay heated seats!
Hawks put up your pic on the big screen tonight by mistake, was happy, then sad in two seconds. We miss you in Portland :(
Haha you funny. Id leave your mind blown and kitty swoll mami
Sad I don't have a bracket, but man that Iowa/UConn game was nuts.
If we miss paying our bills President Obama will be the only one to blame.
oh I love it. I am so excited for you!
pink floyd.wish you were here
Thanks for the love!!
Quite impressed with 's tweets yesterday. Not to mention, her, and are on FIRE. Knock 'em dead today!
RT : Yay! is working for me again with the new update! I missed so many check-ins, now time to catch up!!
That is very sweet. Is he not coming inside your house?
come on people!! its just snow, -_- u live in Cleveland for crying out loud
But the again I wanna go to the penny store
There are two things you can do with your head down---play golf and pray....Lee Trevino
I think I'm doing pretty well for myself so far, but whatever.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Einstein
ha ha I told I've been working for my online boutique.
not even the words -___-
i am so excited i'm getting my contact in 2 weeks
Couples only! Will you skate with me?
I've got sliders, queso dip and some cold frosty ones ready for some Mud People! 25 minutes away!
lol Miley punk'd her boyfriend Liam . Hahahahah lol
Not today. I need to get out of the house.
My day has been complete.
Ashlee, a thousand hopes for your success
QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Success is not for the timid. It is for those who seek guidance, make decisions, and take decisive action."
Just read it. Beautiful. I have tears in my eyes.
Top SEO - twitter.com/expert
we love you!<3
True story. RT : we will have no way to tell if ever gets hacked.
Internet cut as Egypt braces for 'march of millions'
#confession I love all the little princess movies.. Lol :)
Thanks, Martin. You too!
I hoe there is a snow day tomorrow 
Tonight I'm going to cut it out and then restart
I have the most amazing husband n daughter! They r my heart soul n the air I breathe Nothing can compare 2 all the luv my lil home contains
Saturday nights we turning up at #figure8! $1 entry all night long !! Come party wit #theplugdjgs #ilovemyplug fam and all the sexy
Its sunday ppl and we are packed! Love it
RT You must admit it's hard to argue with "yabba dabba do" as an underlying principle for your life!
keep me posted, hope u get to stay around! Eric is thinking of moving to the square this fall too... :)
wtf? Go yo ass to sleep.
Cheer practice... Excited/not excited kind of tired....
how cool!!
Bright, attractive, and back on Twitter.
not too bad!! How about yourself?
Lol.... Believe its free..
like at all!
yeah and poor niall .
My daughter just named her new doll Baby Gaga. I wonder if Target carries meat baby clothes.
True that, double true
I fuck wit Jimmy and T.I the go hard for they 1st ladies they remind me of my husband haha!
nice, they called trout up? have him patiently waiting on my bench. Abreu is crying somewhere, fuck him haha
me too! When he says "love you too" in the beginning.
Time for relax part of rehab
ha! Yeah I was trying to make the most of being in #LasVegas for work. PS - 3G access on the west coast stinks!
:) RT : Bexley loves our Mr. Grinch cover!
what picture did you think it was?
ok I'll let u know
RT : Thanks! I will check it out. Great thanks
- fucccck these fake ass people; i swear. #
good Morning!
a mixture of MAC Modesty and Buxom Dolly gloss. :-)
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!
Chris Young is the player the D/Backs miss the most. Do you think that is affecting Upton’s play as well?
Lunch today for
Stay aware spring 2012
