RIP Meow the Fat Cat :(
Just got back from Denali NP :-)
sometimes life gets simpler if one doesn't look back
#9RoundMinute: 20 Toe-Touches topped with 30 Flutter Kicks!!
Yer..We are gonna blow Colonel Sanders to Nuggets.
Right...hope his final take was better. PS....love your show!
lose a bait possibly get a new one lol
Yea he is.He actually knows how to treat a girl!
greetings from florida!
The things people wear to the gym.smh
The company that now holds my student loans has a website that looks like it belongs to a self-storage company that is barely scraping by.
I think some people have more natural inclinations towards some things, & greater passion. But it's all hard work
thank you!!!! Nothing like a fresh coat of paint to match the new things going on inside!
attempting 2 sing "thinking of you" (not knowing i was loud) my professor comes in & says is that you singing lmfaoo.. so embarrassed
RT The Olbermann/Dan Patrick Sportscenter was the best Sportscenter. Stop trying to take that memory away from me, Keith.
I'm still not tired darnnit
isnt that the biggest place in canada?
soo ya say, youre done w/ this person, youre done w/ that person. then yall are frends within weeks. lol okay.
nah it was her time, dwarf hamsters only live from a year to a year and a half, she was born aug 2010
No point in using your blinker once you've stopped. By then I'm rudely aware that you have intentions other than going straight.
My hair still smells like hair paint xD
law and order rookie let him know
REfugee camp... conspiracy theory... what?!?!?
Missing Forbes kennywood day for prom..
Oh. Mah. Gah ! I just vomited.
leaning tower or sb's... ah!!!
If we strive, if we work, if we try, to the best of ourselves, then we are in the line of our duty.
I had too high of expectations last year, and learned the hard way to take the time to model.
East coast. Originally Ft. Pierce. Now New Smyrna Beach.
not. This will cause an even greater financial gap between the top clubs and the rest.
That's what I'm talking about!
smh what are you talking about ^.^
MT : We may try this at #stc12 in the Lightning Talks. (Speakers presenting slides they haven't seen). Who will notice?
don't be so shallow!!!!
Mercy is grace With power
I haven't been there in years, though.
too bad this is not accurate
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
#BestPickUpLines "I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away."
Thank you very much.
Rolling Stone-The Weeknd...nuff said
I should of put money on that fight i knew floyd would win
Was just offered a part time position by another company today. How come I couldn't get any of these calls when I was jobless??
Wow downtown Fort Lauderdale.. Ewe.
sweet jesus!! Wait til yolexis finds out ur cheating on her with brownie...
I am fueled by sugar right now and wanting to finish this little flasher. I'm going to try to be done by 2.
Instead of buying the cece costume , ima dye my hair orange-redish , dressup in cut up jeans , wear a read shirt with a sparkly jacket !!
Finally finished my homework...#ifuckinghateschool .
new to twitter nd mo followers SWAG
no need to watch what you dislike. Way too many options these days to be imprisoned by any media or personality.
Great people for
Blamms: One part Hamm's, two parts Blatz. Mix and serve ice cold. You gotta try one.
Omfg today is probably the worst day to have the problem I'm having. This is not okay.....
I love wearing dress clothes/shoes and hooping up on highschoolers on the playground.
Think about what you do on Facebook...really. Then think about all of that time wasted
Prayed psalm 145 tonight with thanks for finding it for us today Hatzes -The Kraemers
smh oh now I'm "babe"?
For the latest in hair supply and lace wigs, log onto www.drwiggys.com
someone is stealing your design work from livingsocial. (SocialStudiesDC)
When a girl posts a pretty picture on facebook, nobody likes it, When a girl posts a picture with her boobs in the camera, everyone likes it
Q. How can you tell if a #bagpipe is out of #tune? A. Someone is blowing into it.
- Thanks so much for the follow!
Up early on my day off, on my way to the nail salon. 😁
It's these days like these that make me wish I was still asleep at this hour.
18 days until Christmas. (:
maybe u can put in a good word for him & get him some experience ; )
How come there's no group protesting all the soys slain every day for our dining pleasure?
I want reece's pieces for my breakfast wit some fruit loops just sprinkle em in my fruit loops
I miss you too! I literally have so much to tell you..
Today is National Coffee Day and McDonald's is giving you a free cup today until midnight
Thanks for the mention, Jeroen -- glad to hear that the ideas still have some impact (12 mos is forever!)
we're not use to that here Brrrrr
Ridiculously amazing day w/heidalicious in Nevada City.
what!? That is awesome! Haha so jealous
You software is amazing, kudos to the team!
so fonDON'T then? :'(
Nature can put the squeeze on U
Noble denizens of the Pacific Northwest hark! I am extending my trip from 6 to 12 days to better make reacquaintance with you. Leaving Fri
we have an internal tool we use to track it.
I am tired. It's gonna be a long nite toom
Andre Carter. At least before his injury.
pretty sure you know me bro..btw you watch the game tonight
Pretty much don't even care to watch #CelebrityApprentice since Lisa is gone.
Join this Saturday April 28th for the 1st Annual Love Your Block Cleanup Project...
We can always lock her in the warehouse when she goes back there? Give her something to think about.
The Helping People Buy Program is an excellent opportunity for homeownership. Visit www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com for more info.
you'll gain another 5 pounds
Definitely started our day right, mad props on the turntable skills and mix! Everyone Loved it today!
Just when I think Im ouit they pull me back in...
Going Green: Use power strips to plug in all ur office/home equipment. Today electronics draw power when off. Turn off power strip leaving.
what was the location? I think I missed you segment.
told me that he still porno's from best buy
Oh hey, i see youu.
Great! We can't wait to see you again :)
by using my reasoning abilities...
@ Thanks For the Follow hahha
HAPPY HALLOWEEN from #GA Pink!
Gathering background on the US Interagency Council on Homelessness' efforts to encourage local Project Homeless Connects. PHC, very helpful
Ladies - Never spend your time on or with someone who shares his time with someone else, a #GoodWoman deserves more than that.
why u sad x
There is no limit to what can be accomplished when no one cares who gets credit. - John Wooden
party in california
We're pretty good at reuse. In one case, converting old doors into exhibit panels, thanks to the in Texas.
Just got hit in the face with a football.. Not fun.. Xx
I'm hxc and you're not
you should be in class! why u tweetin?
Oreilly is good on social issues, but really doesnt understand economics at all.
all is fair in love and motherhood.
uh oh I just got it on my phone!!!!
": Late nights, early mornings"
i coughed then farted. WOW EMBARRASSING MUCH?
RT : Q5: DO YOU GO TO DIFFERENT PEOPLE FOR PERSONAL VS PROFESSIONAL ADVICE?
Faith Without Works Is Dead!
I like for my dude to b seen, not heard
Has anyone ever developed a wiki to engage the alumni community in advance of each reunion?
Life could not get any better right now
Going to see the avengers and the lucky one! Hope their good :)
When i give you my time, I'm giving you a portion of my life that I will never get back. So don't waste it.
Whoa! There was a plot to blow up the 480 bridge in Cleveland? Way to Stop it FBI!
What do I Really want? To Fuss? Or for the behavior to change?
you made a gray point with your statement and it deserves to be heard by the broadest audience possible. Keep up the good work :)
Ikr... Holly should have been gone!
Hot af boa
Don't want to work. Gotta work.
who the F*CK gave that woman 5 kids? smmfh...dudes will hit ALL.
Beautiful women awesome costumes. Great music. Ft Myers, Fl is where its at
yeah, Suzy and I started watching it this week and just dominated season 1. Couldn't stop watching it.
no doubt JGS i was talkin bout others
what?? why does the music librarian position at university of HAWAII open just a year before i finish my MLIS?? boo.
When you are looking for anything for your home, the Louisville Home Show is the place to be. Plan on attending this weekend!...
it feels like everyone has decided to build their own shopping cart..:)). More than 500 shopping carts on the market..wow
To report flooding in your neighborhood, call the Storm Water Hotline at 619-235-1000.
I'll share as soon as delivers those promised cupcakes for all. :-D
mind to follow back??
is APPROVED
“: That is officially the worst call I've seen this tournament. Fabulous defensive play gets called for a 3-shot foul.”
I am thankful 4 my faith, family, friends, and 4 the opportunity to vist people's homes, when they are in need, to help anyway that we can.
I want a glass house with no shades.
Living w/ cool style - in the best sense- & luxe in Miami
#First20SongsOnShuffle 3) Chemical Kids and Mechanical Brides- Pierce The Veil.
😌 good night !
yeah i had cast a spell..
#stopbullying inspiring story on how a girl overcame her bff's suicide #STOPBULLYING www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
Well that's simple. Let's add a couple of months.
That's a classic movie :) No matter how many times I see it, it never gets old! "...sing it Russ...fa la la la...
awww miss you too!
Wealthy: when you are constantly receiving more assets, because the assets you have are working to produce more.
I'm glad to be in conversation with you folks!
i feel bad for the white people who can't tan, but just turn pink and peel. So sorry.
$650 million (or however much now) will do that to people!
Congrats to Annette M. who won a $200 Honeybaked Ham GC from us & our Baltimore Area Chevy dealers!
RT : Taking time out r lives 2 consider the needs of others gives us what we need to complete ourselves.
Pink and bright bue I like for the summer nails :
oh no, I'm so sorry. We had to put down our border collie, who I had since I was 10, not too long ago. One of the hardest things
“: Tony LaRussa"s Shingle medicine” hahaha even my dad laughed at that one.
We're going in circles, dizzy's all it makes us.
Photoshop Tip: Collapse all layer groups. Right-clck arrow by top group, clck 'open groups' then right-clck again & 'close all other groups'
only on special occasions.
I thought it would be good for me to get out for a change of scenery, so I went shopping. Why did I have to go try on bathing suits? WHY?
happy mothers day
At school bored n ready to go cuz this place done got so godam lame. Teacher actn like a dick somebody needa pull the panties out his ass!
Just finished another application for event to sell my hand-lettered calligraphy Christmas ornaments this Fall in St. Louis!
i understand. I try to go early in the morning on a day early in the week.
where is the ladies and the financial calculator? Haha
Who's here tonight? -ms
my momma always said life's like a box of chocolates. you never know what you're gonna get.
back from Dream Country travels, : "Worry you none! I is not skittle-addling away forever moreover! I is only getting lost."
RT : I wish they'd let our travels go in college like they do in the NBA (yo chill before you catch a fine!)
Need someone's help in eclipse. Any #appdev got a few min?
It's too bad the "Buy in Print" Button doesn't link to the Yuricon shop. ;\
client update~down 16lbs since 5/10!! Just 9 more pounds to go. Way to make the right choices that support your goal!!!!
Conference Board reports on how creativity fits into workforce. Ready to Innovate report asked how businesses defined creativity
m - toaster strudel with hot sauce!
Just snagged 6 tickets to 's show in cinci. Good thing I was on my Donald trump shit... scrubs owe me $$$
Thank you so much for such an amazing night of hope here in Seattle! We love you Joel and Victoria!!! God Bless.
Just saw a guy wearing a shirt with the Edmonton Oilers logo that says, "Euler". My mind is blown.
Imagine ON THE RADIO- i'm sexy and i know it. Austin-points at you and says "You're sexy and you show it" (:<
Anything else bad happens and we will find you!
In chicago :)
Hi, ! I'm Jon, and asked me to reach out to you RE: mobile apps. How can I help you?
Guilded Age - Cheer Phil On at Super Art Fest!
Wtf is the mustard???
::Friday Alert:: Party @ #Notte Night Club! Be there EARLY! Contact for VIP and Bottle Service.
mad props to our pals and for RTs. check out more lols @ #Netflix 's expense
that may be very true, but God still asks us to act out of love not anger. Show her Christ's love, maybe she won't be anymore ha
Happy to be following:
to effing stressed :\
She sent me a text but I ain't never read it cuz pu**y only pu**y and I get it wen I need. True stuff drake
#Clubtwitter is more fun than club penguin
Where is my life going???? Where is my life heading??? What i am doing whit my life??? I am 32 what do i have to show for it????
my entire childhood just flashed before my eyes
2) No compelling goals. What am I working toward? A bigger farm? A bigger mob? A bigger sword?
I just made some bomb sweet tea. I felt it necessary to share this with you, Twitterverse.
We all played with barbies instead of GIJoes.
Safety squeeze. Plouffe didn't break with pitch. Lowrie made a hell of a play.
I wasn't even surprised really.
Are you a technology leader in SE Wisconsin and want to give back? Concerned about the talent gap? Ask me about AbilITy Connection.
In what world does this statement make sense? “I’m a Ron Paul man myself, but if I had a No. 2, it’d be Rick Santorum.”
Ouch, looks like that might sting just a bit. I bet a couple shots of patron would help...
i'd like to know how that bbq is....is it worth me making a downtown lunch visit?
thank u:)
RT From today to 23th Dec. I´m on a diet.
TRUTH IS.. I DON'T LIKE HAVING DAYS OFF
Oh Harry Potter, why are you so great?
Heading to Florida for the weekend. #:)
I see you
I kind of love that boy bands are making a comeback.
Not that we don't love being at the store with all of our lovely customers, but we also wouldn't mind being outside on this beautiful day!
So did I (Was at Schl of CinemaTV; how'd I miss meeting you two?). RT : Hey you know, we went to school with Seau.
I just don't get people who treat others like dirt.....
I'm openly weeping in this cafe over that video. Must be that time of the month. :)
I love running under the rain :)
GOOD MORNING!! :)
All snuggled in bed ready for sleep :)
it's not even that biz is slow, it's just eerie. No one around, no traffic, no line at Cue the tumbleweed.
MT : What could be more divisive than the liberal/conservative split between prayer and action?
already having problems?
We hot boxed hellah hookah & cigarettes and got turnt on prom !
Just asking: How did the phrase "bleeding heart" become a pejorative phrase for the "Christian" right?
Thank god ! #joebucksuck RT : Thom Brennaman and Brian Billick will call Sunday's #Packers #Lions game on Fox.
Thank you for the #FF. Let us know if you have any questions.
some days I think about watching the whole series but then I feel like there ate other shows I'd rather watch
Refreshing choice, Erin!
HAPPY EASTER!
I am rooting for your little Giants. I hope they stomp the cowgirls.
bill bradley on charlie rose right now talking about CONCENTRATION
I would go to sleep... but everyone is being so loud in my house that it wouldn't help to turn my light off and try.
I can't mention his name in a public forum
What I didn't know that you played football for missouri state?
A KQED sticker on a Subaru. But I repeat myself.
louis , u look like eleonor :o
And every time the Dems make up somethiing stupid to bash Romney with, it makes him more popular.
Depo y'all is going down
Why do I always want Peter piper pizza 😞
A3: i think the fun part is letting ppl see a personal side, ie what you want in ur home, what food u like, etc
It’s Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday! Thank you radio for getting this stuck in my head that girl's a grenade!
We hope everything was delicious on Saturday!
you were amazing, we love you! Thanks for always making us proud! Did you see your grad pic in the program?
#centralonline intergalactic Central!
Loving my new iPhone 4s. It's so fast. And just works.
Hm.... Doubtful I'll be up for it with a newborn. Bummer.
what about us? We found it for you. That's it. No dinners for you when you get to NYC!
did you see ellen's show today? She dressed up as Sophia and the dj dressed as you. It was super cute!
#JKB AMAZING....my mom and I are gonna be like you and Melissa someday!!
My iPod is pmsing
Working on my new site with Edge One Media - Web Design. I can't wait to share it with you all. What do you think of my new logo?
Yoooo, I gotta' talk to you bout this nigga he's pissing me the fuck off.
very cool..enjoy your time with her
Great meeting you at #NassWV2011 was excited speaking with you!
Meteor really could be the JS/node/real-time platform of the future; definitely worth paying aging attention to...+1 for formatting the doc…
we'll see about that... lol
look up "barn owl ballyhoo" on FB its a concert/craft fair at club girabaldi headed by Molly Roberts, idk if you know her?
We discriminate against no one who has good bbq!
Tomorrow night returns to #vibe with us! 3 Tables left - Text 954.247.8418
Contact me if you need help with your PR or social media campaigns. We don't do the norm. Do not reply if that is the case.
Russell is playing like shit....I wouldn't throw the ball the rest of the game
Nothing like some crisp bacon to start off the new year.
OpenDNS, a great free way to speed up the interweb
grind hard . live fast . get money . hell yeah .
TY for the RT. Jabari is a solid kid.
Peyton to Jets? Puh-lease!! Weather, division with Pats, bad locker room, unrealistic expectations: are EACH deal-breakers.
just finished eating dinner ...now on to other exciting matters such as folding clothes and feeding the german sheps lol i know lol
: I thought we were friends yo how come u been ignorin miss lil me? lol
who are you and what's your favorite hobby? its about time we got to know our fans better!!
I'm up for bluebird if your mind is set on it.
Love getting off the el to see someone uncontrollably vomiting...
oh ya no nvm
Ready for the #NFLDraft! Welcome to the #colts Andrew Luck!
Zany holidays pretty weak on this Wednesday but did you know it's American Dance Week? Also Aviation and AC appreciatiion week.
negative them calls was horrible
Flapjack ahahaha. Night Nurse them bad boys. Suckle
15 people to go till we get to 2,000 FB fans! Who wants to be #2000?
Has anyone ever watched The Secret video? It's by the author of both books The Secret and The Power.
Fireworks and finis #Detroit #movement2011 at Bookies
I love #RestaurantWeek! Heard great things from a friend about Sage. I'm heading to Ruth's Chris this weekend! Luv the deals
That scared me so bad!! GOSH! Lol
is now a CGMA (Certified Global Management Accountant).
you welcome hun
Uh retweet if you're wearing one right now!
O, I wish we could say that we'd be able to do that for you. Maybe next time. :)
I had Fun meeting you there!Thanks for that pack of art I love it! Hope to see you there again :))
Happy Thursday everyone! Hope your day is going well! :)
This game makes me think of a black Warhammer piloted by a russian chick.
I love the terminator its a classic!
Thanks for the Twitter shout-out! And for tweeting the story :)
Knowledge management is an oxymoron. Knowledge cannot be managed. It can only be enabled. Tony O’Driscoll, Duke U.
Eric did u call911?
It's VON MILLER!
No Risk No Reward album coming now tweet me
Hey --who am I tweeting with? Or do you plan to remain a masked crusader for Goose Hollow? :>
in Milwaukee?
Heyy Ashley how are you
good morning from Los Angeles! I'm listening to your audio book, thanks!
Well, that was a great apple pie tip from #RestaurantImpossible Chef if I actually made apple pie!
Every box of Tagalongs should contain a portal to endless amounts of Tagalongs!
Serving today @ Main St location...come see us before the tree lighting ceremony today...see you there
Thanks for the RT! Hope to meet you at the party :).
let's go agian :b
so far, so great! I love emailing myself todos and being able to label them. Thanks!
I could definitely do something evening of 17th! Let's make it happen!
Congratulations to the 2012 Tony Award Nominees! BEST REVIVAL OF A PLAY: Death of a Salesman, Gore Vidal’s The Best Man, Master Class, Wit
get out and enjoy your Saturday! Spend time with family and friends and enjoy life! :)
Good nite twitter but happy bday MOM!!!!
Takes me a while but when I get it, I GET IT lol
I hate Cruz & Slt
That is pretty interesting that indicator lights are a big no-no. Very curious to know why you think so?
As far as I'm concerned your just another picture to burn! < / 3
Shout out to - Banzai Sushi soon to be back on campus, available at Hatfields in the 'Lair!
follow me pls your my inspiration <3
No, York PA. I did do old Yankee Stadium though. No real interest in the new one.
What's the best way to promote a mixtape in your opinion?
hey how r u?
SynapseIndia to Introduce Strategic Marketing Mechanism - SBWire (press release)
Not sure how long you have been watching the show, but those are episodes and a famous line from Barney about legendary.
you're killing me jon!! LOL:) britney is qualified to MAYBE judge a cheerleading contest. maybe......hahaha:) i'm in LA tomorrow!!
A cool breeze in South Florida ruins entire schedules.
you're welcome!
Yum! Midnight snack! RT : Fact: The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
Just saw a news report of a white seattle police officer punching a 17 year old black female in the face. Her crime, jaywalking.
. must shop at the same bra store as
she's actually #Happy today!! Well untill she sees Jordan!
Following has been one of the best Twitter decisions I've made.
What are the odds of making fun of someone you dont know & them adding you on Facebook? Just my luck lol
text me back!
“ Life is alot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.”
Jamming my .. his music keeps me going ((:
Naw. RT : I think I may have officially given up.
Nice idea. But I'll be living out of one already full suitcase for the next 4 months. Though I could just wear them...
#100thingsilove 49; the Bad Meets Evil live stream<333
Roads blocked, police, ambulances, trees down, and sailboats flipped near Tin Fish at #lakecalhoun in #minneapolis 30 minutes ago.
I have made so many people watch that completely fucking hilarious & filthy movie.
I love it! Coffee is a more American drink anyway:-D
Is anyone else having trouble with pinterest on a mobile device? Every time I click on a pin, it says error 404 oops page can't be found???
History time. RT : 76ers held to 26 1st-half points by Bulls, lowest in a playoff game since Hawks vs Celtics on May 4, 2008.
"All you can do is to put yourself in a position to win" - Jimmy V If u want something, do everything you can to be in that position!
Snow day!
RT : Stretch your imagination. Make your dream more real than your fears.
Giving tickets away to Steve Winwood.
a terrible, terrible world. Where we have to rely on emacs' comint-mode to get any non-painful shell usage.
haha what has changed?
your reaction made me laugh :) so yeah, we better book that get-together!
Lololol they're all overflowing!!!!!
With a 13 and 12 year old in the house the bullying story from Kasson-Mantorville gave me pause...kare11.tv/JS1BAw
Who's ready to get their reggae on tonight?
at least the riots are sure to die down heading into the fourth day...no one involved have ever had a job for a full work week.
thanks for the help!
needs to buy Final Cut Express pronto.
Never got an email from you. Please re-send to
Enjoy!!! RT : Outside Petco Park in San Diego at 1st time to Petco and Tilted Kilt. Very, very happy so far
thanks for the tweet, guys!
uhh oh :O
I am chica!!!
goo morning!
“: My heart aches. Eat before they close Mar 31. Love to Maggie and Christine. ” / :(
Kidz Bop N*ggas in Paris: What’s Oodle, my Noodle? What’s Toaster, my Strudel? What’s drawing, my doodle? What’s that puppy, a poodle?
actually I had the tweet of "well crap" typed. I was shocked. All this Gtown talk had me guessing. Another big recruiting year.
Yoga in the morning to prevent back pain. Prevention is the key.
yay my local pho place has decided to buck tradition and serve vegetarian pho! going to try it tomorrow!
We can only be what we give ourselves power to be.
Wasn't it amazing?? It was one of my favorites of #oscar season - and I saw 60 of 61 nominees :)
Now officially a member of Olathe South's chapter of NHS.
The deal is done. Time to film the show.
But not THAT pair!! I need those illusion Loubs in my life.
I parked in South because I missed the North one, but it worked out because my college session was in Duncan Hall next to it.
it's cute!
take it easy on Bill DQ haha!!
Your world is crumbling, but you tell me to smile.
"text me from your iPod, it makes life easier" obviously not because you still never message me back AUDREY
RT The greatest things happening in education are by visionary teachers
Going backwards always give cues about moving forward.
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were
Rainy and cold in Seattle - perfect kind of day to snuggle up with a vampire book.
Thank you for spreading the word
Neck is killin right now, could use a nice massage but what I really need is a sledgehammer to even things out
#WordPress #Tools Comment Highlighter – Styles comments based on the author’s name, email, or URL.
Great nite of fights @ Ufc versus and a great time showtime sports bar
Rest In Peace Whitney Houston
I would love a patch for my jiujitsu gi
Some jerk has been retweeting nonsense in the name of pen4rent. So I just changed my password. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Is anyone in need of an "OLD SCHOOL" country drummer?
Ok. Tired. Coffee...
awesome, definitely interested! I do public relations, copy writing, a little web (Wordpress) and more!! :)
I support niggas who support me, ya feel me mayne?
I want a panda hat ! 😊
Happy hour from 3 to 7! Then hang out for some live music by The Benjamins!
I love my grandma so much she always knows what to say
maybe you should lay down the quarter pounders with cheese and hit the gym. Maybe then you'll fit in my 7-shirt clothing "line"
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
what would you like?
That sounds so strange although I often get and enjoy cola on the nose of Malbec
Don Cornelius. I use to watch Soul Train all the time. Loved his voice and delivery. Plus the sweet animated graffiti train during intro
RT : If I'm ever homeless, My sign will say "betcha can't hit me with a quarter
I am hosting a "Dress for Success" seminar on 11/17 @ 1pm at PSA Financial & Insurance Services. Please RSVP if you plan to attend.
so weird not talking to my boyfriend all day...
I'm trying to build a supporter section.
You'll never find REAL love until you find yourself ;)
You don't have to answer this but in your honest opinion which MB person do I look better with? And I will tell you who you look good with:)
": Memorable sight at 's arena: Romar celebrating after passing to Bennett for an on-the-money 3-pointer before practice."
Unlimited Ride Wristbands on Sale for only $18.99!
thinking to make #TeamGiada you need whitening tooth paste and a foreign accent. Bring on real cooks!
Hahahahaha Dumb woman just failed her polygraph on Dr. Phil. So typical.
Sad. Wonder what he would've thought. Gets better and better with every viewing.
please tell me that theaters of the future have bars in them. ;)
What is going on in Shenzene, China..
I'm sure there are a lot more little monsters whose names are Jimmy as well. But I'm a Princess.
#datanewoil all of our concepts about privacy are all based on shared PHYSICAL space - translation problem to online world
Just met with and we are very excited about our potential partnership!
Tweet tweet, every time I come aground ya city!
Thank you for all you do! Please keep us posted on your status and please hurry home!
What is the best gift you ever received for Christmas?
I'll drive the golf cart! Or u can teach me golf.
Damn I jus remembered I 4got to make my hair appt smh
work"meeting/learn how to mak cookies" hm okay#atleast im getting paper
Guess who is finishing demos up Thursday???
Jonathan, please give me a call when convenient. The whole bluetooth marketing has taken on a great new twist. 612.275.0943
So pleased you enjoyed your meal at Sweet Mango Café.
Definitely not, but it's early. It can turn around, right?
I'm not 16 and pregnant lol
Your little moods irritate me sometimes.
Check cashed..car washed..hair cut..new fit...and a fresh batch of George Kush SHOWTIME
well not all day just all evening LOL
@ Very Attractive
Guess what? The USA ANC Steering Committee Meeting is currently in session. Regions and organizations are coming together to plan year...
what a timeline of reformatting mistakes
I wake up and realize that and have been running for an hour already. GOOD LUCK!
You're ex-girlfriends cover picture is still you two making out... We're nothing yet but i Dont know how I feel about that
That night is still clear as day.
Mr.Rizo will you be my sugar daddy?
Does Sigur Ros count? It's another language, even if they made it up.
your a woman, it doesn't matter aslong as you support the boyz you're still an ICONiac no matter how old,young or sex you are
Iam as boerd as a fat kid with bowl of vegetables
I think I'm on my period.
Produce with Krayzie Bone of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony! Post on their wall to request God's Anointed Soldiers.
RT : “To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Obesity and inactivity to overtake tobacco as risk factor for cancer. Such an easy fix=>Get our ass UP!
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
My guy kenny smith got attacked by a hand bag
My personality is who i am, but my attitude depends on who you are.
Never Be The Same just started playing on my Pandora
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be
#BlackBerry wins the #CNNdebate!
I'll let u kiss the ring but you'll never touch the crown
The bravest people dare to be themselves and choose not to care what others think.
Would love to see some industry folks at Wednesday's Engame performance. Talk-back and drink on us after the show. PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN
What's up?:D
Ahh I forgot to wash my hands!! D:
hates morning sickness!
Do you have any information about an Apartment fire in Lewistown early this morning?
Sorry, I've been in a search committee vortex. I'm just doing LOEX of the West and ALA this year, but thx for thinking of me!
Twitter wars with Sandra ...and we're right next to eachother...you gotta love us xD
ha, oh I was about to say...
fuck em.. inconsiderate unprofessional sons of bitches...
I can't tell if my sock is inside out or not..
Texas cowards. You'll need to pitch to Pujols tomorrow.
This is the hunger in action...$3 in the bank, $1.00 in my pocket, and I get paid for a full week at midnight
Have two tickets to a play in NoHo and my date can't make it. Anybody want in?
Going to NEW YORK CITY December 19th *CHECK* Staying in Times Square *CHECK* B-Chapman & J-Biebs? We'll have to wait and see. Video to come
RT : " my #PureVolumebestunsigned09 pick is purevolume.com/thebaystate ! For A Free Copy of our New Song "LIARS!"'
Cinco de mayo has gone too far today I saw a mexican an his senorita ridin a horse !
O intrigue! RT : Tomorrow is the biggest shoot of my life. I'm excited and can't wait to share it with you all.
ouch! Cute color ;-)
": The thirst for skylar diggins is funny" she is bad tho
How can rock music be bad? I thought God was the Originator of ALL music.
As it's now March, I will once again remind myself to have a Shamrock Shake and forget it.
Oh. I guess that's what I get for getting my news sources from #SNL. Haha
Why why why just STFU and do your hair so I can go to school
Can't concentrate. My mind is already home in PGH this wknd. I also spent my lunch playing Just Dance in my living room..alone.
Parent conferences <<<<
Listening to "Blame Game" by Kanye West ... coffee, ... laptop via hdmi + flat screen ..., live, work, play
WWE NXT: O’Neil Snaps, Pummels Watson
Ppl want laws to prevent something good. Marriage based on love & commitment. Yet do we persecute people for premarital sex? Adultery?
i think i can see that lol
LOL! Bitter, party of one! ;).
We've just uploaded 7 new live videos from our Nov.18th show with the Koffin Kats. Click the video tab on the music player to watch!
What do you want to eat?
Dear Lakers: not the first quarter you wanted.
Wow. Cliner it just keeps getting worse. How are ya
(In a small child's voice) I just came to say, thank the Lord for Easter Sunday!
Congratulations! That's very exciting for your company!
sorta disappointed in #Obama for the first time ince '08, getting tired of giving in, wish would grow a set..
You gotta finish the drive!
come visit me tonight !:)
Thanks for your leadership. Grateful to be part of your amazing team of leaders.
i think my next blog will be the ten commandments of the #SoundOffLine....think of it as a guide to get your call on air.
Thanks for following us! Make sure to check out our website, we will be launching deals in Indy this week!
If you do choose to rush, be yourself & join a group based on their values & goals. Both you and the chapter will be better off that way!
See you soon! I get in late tonight.
I get more pussy then you fool
I suppose it's just as well I lost the mayorship. Going on vacation for two weeks term-limited me.
haha funny.... Ps thanks for saving me
Ya know, if we ignore the fact that the map is at the location in question.
I’m #readytoroll with in Sec 110 Row H Seat 5-6
Sanctuary and something more civilized . NYC is shrouded in mist tonight.
not how I expected my morning to start but God knew what he was doing
I just had a really good idea for a screenprint.
Wow! Am I really stuck behind a damn garbage truck at 2am??? 😡😡😡
Thanks Nick! Yep-- that's very true. It's the darkest song on the record. But I like it. It's got a wide emotional range to it.
I signed up to donate blood #YEAH im going to save 3 lives
ina drake mod
Seeing Abduction with :))
Looking for a great place to have a delicious meal with some good friends? 1/31 Chef's Tasting Dinner at the B is the place to be!
You know PBR is brewed by Miller, right?
Happy Birthday to one of our favorite tripod members!
Hm new twitter? Interesting.
If I had #OneWish you'd be my boo <3
Hark, the Herald Angels--No Wait, That's Just the Echoes of My Screams
Prayer, clean living.
I need to break in these records I got over the weekend you down?
our success actually hinges on our willingness to risk missing some information
Honesty is the hardest but most beautiful thing next to forgiveness.
My brains leaking no form of stopping. Burned from memories lost in confusion flings. Had my time of living fun now fun is with me smoking.
i got flaws yea im working on them to but knowing you having a problem an not tryna fix it is a big difference
Miss you logan, things will never be the same.
Tweet me a heart if you want me to DM (:
and/or trash can.
my first period <<
Packing tomorrow!
hey call me around ,7
I think I should re-think this twitter thing. It really brings home how little I have to say.
Even though I can't go to 's concert I'm so happy seeing how happy he is! You will do amazing on that stage!!❤
Whoa! show moved from to & more fix released. :) Anyone know what happened?
Excited to be NYC offices
Is life fair?
its the truth<3
Too little too late...
rt The Word of God is the basic parameters of Gods will 4 u. The Holy Spirit reveals His specific will for u.-Mac Hammond
Fish fry Cod. Perch. Bluegill. Walleye and haddock. Come on over.
I don't understand why I like you so much.
OMGPOP CEO Tries To Rectify His Reckless Twitter Comment The CEO of OMGPOP was pissed off at former employee Shay Pierce for deciding not
Groove Theory: Beck and D'Angelo - The FADER
I finished watching season 3 of Foyles War with Amazon Prime. Season 4 isn't free, it costs $7.99 an episode :-(
I just interviewed a great candidate, member of AKA in #NJ. #ADP is always looking to partner with great women for #sales!
whoever watches/will make it theirs
Broadway STAR! You better work. Congrats!
Sorry there is no stream of at this AM. Our broadband went down just as we were about to start! #GottaLoveTech!
I wont kill you is what all Minnesotans say to outsiders - its that Minnesota nice thing.
Now I know for a fact ima be on my rag, I'm being such a lil bitch "(
:) glad to hear it! thanks a bunch
I want a puppy..
indeed. Though I also have a cat that's going to start bugging me to feed him soon. He tried to steal my burrito earlier.
You live & ya learn. Either ya freeze or ya burn
Hello. I forgot to talk to you u.u I was bussy.
Just got word the new Starbucks Bar will be opening soon near Michigan & Adams.
Dream Girls rehearsal tonight was hilarious!!! I cant wait for the next one #gettingitin!!!!!
The 2012 US Cancer Diagnostics Market
“: I love tweeing it's like the world has been invited into my living room
Having the worst acne problem on my face EVER. My older sister stole my acne cleansing pads so i can't use them. UGH!!
Leaving church:)
loving what I'm hearing so far about my new phone. Can't wait to get it!!
It's like no matter when I go to bed I still wake up at 8:30 #why?!
How long will I have to be on the Pinterest waiting list! I'm pathetically getting impatient.
When you drop something right in front of you and it completely disappears
You have the voice of an angel. Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus.
his statement wasn't about the future... it was about the present, where we live now and should focus.
It's about to go down! Mindless behavior vs. OMG Girlz... DANCE BATTLE!!!!!!
Win or go home time gotta love it
Thrown across the room!
WINS a FREE OCDUSA INK tee for RTing (albeit a loong time ago) DM with size, color and addy. CONGRATS!
what time
haha! RT : Really really! Also, you share an issue with Lady Gaga's beauty tips "I agreed to a thr33some..."
I do to!
I will for sure :) I called you earlier mr! call me back :)
"Your wife has a lovely neck..." is number 7 on my Top 10 Things That Sound Complementary In My Head But Extra Creepy Out Loud.
I'm on the final stretch of edits for the release of my NEW book. These new additions were the missing link! Pastors & churches get ready!
Now watching #talkingdead Worked nightside 2nite & will be dayside 2morrow..staying up is a bad idea. Who needs sleep tho?
P.S. Was truly a unique cinema experience. So fun being a spectator in that theatre and with that crowd! And that widescreen!
is promoting his product too much. I miss the classic
Any idea what side of #cowboysstadium is the #kstate side?
I Really love background picture and profile pic its much better and Different!
Lee was all heart and still has legs that work!
Awesome Peter! I will watch for them. Remember only 30 minutes of sun on each side at a time...or you might get burnt :)
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1970 "ABC" by the Jackson Five was released.
All followers; please head over to follow as we are no longer monitoring this account....thanks!
I know we do for sure!! That would be so much fun
I miss u too
Aww, fuck it gimma that damn bucket. When I throw this Pussy you betta not duck it. ;p
#Lakers take on #Nuggets on game 4. #NBA Who will win?? (#Lakers #Nuggets)
You rock!
In this session, is on the panel and has a reputation among peers from high quality of his blog posts
fred perry twin tipped polos
George Carlin's "It's Bad For Ya!", Thera Flu, & <3 (altho I could do w/o the Thera Flu).
jake would it be nice if the #landlord told experian you paid the rent and your credit score improved
Thanks! We're staying 2months! Having a place for the kids 2 play is VERY important. Look forward 2 hear what can be done
I know I hope he tweets me :)!
Comedy Awards Honor Funny People at 2012 Ceremony
ROCKY! WHAT UP BOI!
Jeff Fisher, coach of Rams, looks just like Dave Preston...owner of gametime a few yrs bk in Milw....tuffest client i ever had
watching a casey anthony documentary
Greta enjoys the Stampede
Me "i wanna see dark shadows" you "go to africa at night" me "bahahaha I meant the movie dumbass" >>> this convo
#ThoughtsDuringSchool hmm, how should i mess with the teacher in next period... :P
you are ridic :-)
Thanks for the support Aidan ... and keep up your good work!
Ha! 5 years seems like a long time to get rid of cages.
Is there a story behind #44 high stepping. Everyone is cracking up here
Just took the wife's new X5 across Malibu Canyon! The new X5 v6 turbo handles like an M3 with no loss of power at any rpm!! Amazing suv!!!
you better! :)
At #webwise in Baltimore looking forward to first session, Gaming, History & Technology
Doesn't everybody's dad shut down a factory now and then?
Sindhi Curry, Rice, Aloo Tuk and a new episode of Grey's Anatomy... My sunday afternoon could not be more perfect!
I was truing to convince myself he actually meant Listach threw a no-hitter. For some reason that didn't seem as ridiculous.
If Knicks come back big in this series (unlikely), Stat's bandaged hand will be Curt Schilling's bloody sock in that improbable comeback.
Wow ppl dat I'm suppose 2 be cool wit going behind my back tryin 2 fuck my leftovers lol. Hello I'm still kool wit them dey tell me everthin
you are very welcome!
Thanks for your support of itchenSD!
I enjoy the taste, I don't think it does anything to my brain :-/
Our Justice System is one big fat joke!.....I thought it was innocent until proven guilty, not guilty until you can prove your innocent!..
I could of never guessed .. Iswear. & no matter what you say and thing about your self i think your the strongest person I've ever meet.
Thanks for the heads up. I signed up and will try to make it.
i love you buddy
Trying to get this film, "Make-Up" financed....!
RT : 7,600 kids signed up for Lemonade Day...and counting! We are picking up steam - 15,000 here we come!
I got a lot of work done today. Now on to my project -_-
In them thar hills.
How am I suppose to study for this final if he didn't even tell us what's gonna be on it?
clean it up bro! ...get with to clean up your digitals... web steez, video production, social media... all that!
oh cool, did they let you put up a tent? Sorry I'm asking so many questions! X
I'm considering doing an hour intro to Backbone.js at tomorrow or wednesday. Who's interested?
We decided that cast member looks like Steve Buscemi, but is much better looking.
I have decided that, if I brand myself, then I can enjoy a new logo, new look, new life. I am well on my way.
"As a painter I shall never signify anything of importance." Vincent van Gogh
#shitiheardumbfuckssay he's not black he's lightskin. 😠👊
Oh, I guess is just smarter than this council or has stash of cash for potholes
l’Alliance Française de San Diego offers a widvariety of French classes & cultural events. Meet them at 57 Degrees April 13
its where I live. Can't help it.
tweets to much 😝
I really don't want to spend the night in the Charlotte airport. Who's got an update on the storms in RIC?
m yes clementine!
haha right not just me my whole fam bam is a little crazy lol you should see my sister ! Lol
We are praying for y'all!
Sw people just get a lil to excited !!
TGIF. Enjoying a peaceful afternoon with my wife and daughter after a long work week.
Thanks. RT : Wonk will work, Great job!
Please do! We'd love to see you!
Unfollowed me huh ? fuck your life. (Also this was the only way I could find you) so yeah with that being said. I'm out
2 or 10, #revolution ain't counting! I'm a busy girl #Sunday is a lil break day...
A prominent #law firm is actively seeking a #Records Specialist in #DC! Submit your #resume for consideration!
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky & see a star..
Happy Thanksgiving all. We have a few short months until #rugby starts up again!
BUT at the moment in listening to the radio guess the song that comes on as soon as I touch it.
Off to hell. I mean math. later everyone.
I've seen ANGELS twice. :) RT : Has anyone ever seen a Ghost?
Must RT w/in 2 hours. Winner chosen by random draw! Good luck!
holy balls!
anyone know flight/hotel info for the boys when they come to NYC
Dental Tip: No sugar or honey in your coffee or tea. Use sugar substitutes instead.
That definitely doesn't matter!
I'm loving it!
oh come on, when your a fan of this team, they are guilty of having nobody until proven innocent or otherwise, no big surprise
Happy New Year!
RT : Okay - this girl is leaving the office...NOW --> Have a great weekend Jamie!
Still dying of heat. Oh MY Gosh It is HOT
Because of its superficial theology, evangelicalism is cracking up.- Scot McKnight
Didn't know Spike Lee directed it, but love the State Farm commercial!
we appreciate you!
Avoiding bias is the job of the judge and the jury, not the prosecutor. I'm pretty sure she thinks he's committed a crime...
:) I might...I would love to get out the house..how far are u from me?
My first celebrity follower!!
There is NO WAY that America has reconciled post-Civil War/Rights, if #TrayvonMartinMurder can happen & we need talks on fear of being Black
Goodnight tweeters!!
Twitter on the new new tablet, #awesome!
true. Eric J. Your year. It was eric similac & me. Lol only 2 erics in 08. I left to atlanta junior year
Starting this week. Going to NC Mountains, but am working on other places.
Crying in the boys club is absolutely NOT ALLOWED.
"Share eat-in kitchen and adult-sized bathroom with mature, open-minded, male entertainment professional you would rarely see."<- I'll pass
I LOVE YOU. IM WISHING YOU WOULD FOLLOW ME. EVEN NOTICE ME?????
ha ha! What the hell did I do?
Who doesn't know what band Cass was in omfg smh @ those people
Id rather NOT have the true center camera. I had to switch to MASN just to shut Brownie, Walk ad Potash up. Root Sports just blows so bad.
Just scares me to think what I'd do without him. Need to realize its the least of my worries though.
how r u feeling
Happy birthday bro
's parents are coming on town tonight for her wknd-of-going-away-fun! FX weather is sunny and warm for them.
Good luck. You only live once. You will do great.
Merry Christmas, everyone! Happy Hanukkah, everyone! Best wishes to one and all!
hello my name is ameenikoal n I would love to work with can I plz get more info
Great discussion tonight about the porn industry @ Gentlemen meeting. Do you think feminist porn is possible and what does it look like??
Exactly why wouldn't it be? What's the difference, precisely? And what harm does it do to extend equality to everyone?
Love him or hate him; I saw this coming which is why I drafted him. They lost but T.O. is still the man. Age is just a number.
I beg to differ with you bro! U have more musical qualities I wish I had....
No, they informed me they cant make it..
Im great. What about you?
Repete s'il vous plait: double-opt-in, double-opt-in, double-opt-in.... :)
My husband, is a Twitter virgin. Let's all give him a pile-on, shall we?
Just woke up
It's my super hero identity!
I guess I don't need to be married to sing to my man, so my next serious relationship.
RT : #tutorial 5 top tips for working with Gimp: I know that a lot of you use Gimp and, in the interests of taking a ......
Help me understand why we should not be saddened by Pres O. Not his deal, plan, ideal, leadership, resolve and unemployment worsens.~Don
": "You wait for a voice like that for a lifetime." -- Clive Davis #Whitney"
What a wonderful day!
dang! i wont be able to go ): i live in washington state... and i dont think my mom will let me go to cali ):
#thingsyoushouldntsay : "That's so gay!" when you don't like something. It hurts.
come on, come on whats a boy to do when all the pretty girls can't measure to you
Dwight Bullard speaks on the importance of the black vote.
Hahahaha love that tweet
": RT : BREAKING Judge rules in favor of Deion Sanders. He gets protective order against Pilar "
Whereas Vegas...got a place to stay, and 5,000 men for drinks. All I need is a ride and some clothes.
Cant wait to see my boos this weekend
USPTO Rejects 'Old Havana' Rum Trademark As Misleading. The USPTO ruled that the mark's association with Cuba was geographically deceptive.
Thanks Todd
Thanks for the great info, and for passing along the BBQ love!!
great question - well over 300 DFW peeps! BIG TIME!
i love your music man
Watching laugh at my pain
"Instead of thinking outside the box, just get rid of it."
Real Girlfriend : Calls You for NOTHING , Texts You al the time, Wants to see you, Cries, Gets Jealous, Over protective & LOVES YOU. <3
is the first I-Tunes gift card winner today! Please DM us your e-mail address so we can contact you about sending your prize.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Be safe out there people!!!
"I'm in band." "Oh yeahh! You play that thing squidward plays!" Lol. Fcking
ha, I'm on the same boat, but time heals :D
All Time Low
belated thanks for the RT!
Super, hey contact us, we could use some new beats, show us what you got?
The bar is stocked for tomorrow's show. 4 kinds of wine, Stella Artois, Sam Adams, Boh and Pikesville Rye.
If you buy a house that has been foreclosed on as an investment you should be haunted by the ghosts of the previous family’s dreams.
Stop by our Facebook page for pictures from #Interbike! Awesome show, lots of great new stuff.
So true. And Star Trek comic books should be taught in high schools.
It's not you. I feel like I've been at work for 20 hours now...
that's awesome! RT I got my tweet read on the morning show. I am such a geek!!
I hate slow highways! Stupid construction!
If strength of schedule attains primacy in the redrawn rankings hierarchy of criteria, goodbye FCS cupcakes.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning. -Ivy Baker Priest
awesome, I wish we were getting that here.
Home and unpacked from Los Angeles. 4:49am and time for sleep. See you tomorrow!
My 15 yr old twins with autism have been bullied many times. It sickens & frightens me especially when a child is nonverbal.
RT : Just played an awesome show on the street
Just met with Patti Green of "Ginger Kids". She teaches families to engage kids in dinner prep, so they learn where food comes from(MORE)
Wendy Williams gave a shout out to Twinkies!
Sometimes you just gotta rub one out and goto sleep that's my motto for life
If you haven't already, open our freezer for a sweet surprise! ;)
Spending tonight drinking beer from Great Lakes Brewing Co while wearing my great lakes t shirt. It's a theme night!
Pandora will get me through today.
I hate the The zombies that work here are worthless.
Welcome back from spring break!
Sorry y'all! My ONE video has taken all day to upload and it still isn't done:( Hopefully up by tomorrow!! <3
How have storms been treated in the history of art, I wonder?
I'm probably the last person that watched and do the #catdaddy? Life is complete. I'm ready for the next one!
Google's answer to Facebook and more, connects to other Google services
your welcome :)
If either Axford or K-Rod were to falter, Veras also appears to be capable as a potential closer. Nice luxury.
I got a ground hog for a pet!
HOLD EM BABY!!!!
those random i love you's >>> :D
IKEA is coming out with a line of flatscreen TVs. Do you have to use a hexagon wrench to change channels??
Can we agree now giving Lebron 3 MVPs is a sham to the historical records of professional basketball?
actually gearing up for game 4. This effort is pathetic.
We think Market is pretty amazing too!
Hi, I'm the lakers, and I like to have 4 guys on defense and let one guy dribble into the lane uncontested.
It will never happen! Never! He wont even be the nominee for republicans. He wont even be the VP choice.
I do not approve of this
Very thankful for the troops and the sacrifice.
where tf did i do wit my phone when i came in last night
Your safety is our serfty
where should I go if I still need to study (aka not my bed) but also need to rewatch Centurion? Actually a conundrum...
Foul on the Panthers gives #Butler the ball back with 3:46 to play. Correction on score, dogs down 1 point 46-45. Media Timeout
Can't believe surprised me with tix while I was making breakfast. Finally get to see The Jesus & Mary Chain.
Ah This essay is such a drag! Ha and keeps distracting me!
PORTRAIT OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR with Washington Symphonic Brass, Nov 6th. PUT THIS ON YOUR CALENDAR.
hahahah they love getting ne on camera.
I haven't talked to you in a good six months are you have the audacity to say that to me? Who do you think you are?
Send me to Sydney & - sta.travel/tweet4seats
is following ME?!!!!!! WOW :) please tell me this is not a joke?!! <3 Big Smiles from Brenna~
Hey adam u think clay matthews wont play at all?
RT : #np Kingdom in the Valley Christian Church & Worship Leader, – I'll Wait on
Family Fun today 11-2 with Mimi Chenfield. Children of all ages will explore creative movement!
The other prob is we have 3 buildings so its to much $ to get annuals for each and if they did cut out a lib, mine is the small 1
incidentally, the hashtag #inandout totally doesn't mean what i originally assumed it did. -lisa
I wanna find you so bad, and let you know I'm miserable up here without you.
Prepping my first assignment outline for first teaching gig. The authority is already making me uncomfortable.
because we were put on earth to create - selling stuff is manmade - but if u wanna eat...
Ooh, just got a comment!! :D
you prompted me to go to their website. That chef's pick pizza looks amazing!
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
MT Nick () says working on a project helped him think about book-writing and narrative in new ways. Yes.
enjoy it's a great movie! Alcohol & pizza will definitely help though.
And now it's sunny. You can thank me for that.
I hate that I'm no longer the reason why you smile
An old quote about more than programming: "I don’t know what language engineers will use in the future, but I know they’ll call it Fortran."
"No sports betting experience needed.I will hold you by the hands and guide
Reading "How to be Black" on the flight to ATX. Looking forward to meeting at SXSW.
even though you are ecstatic, please don't stop being angry! :)
I love seeing the guys in :) they are always so sweet and awesome for remembering who we are!
Thx 4 the RT - will post 'managing your digital footprint' presentation on next week, w/ pics!
that moment when u get your relationship advice from Tré Melvin ....best choice ever!!
maybe her old albums, the new stuff is awful!!
My new hero is Rob Mulligan! =D
wore the pashmina a frnd got me from a women's co-op in Morocco. started my exciting new job. Not too shabby for the beginnings of fall. :)
Just played "No Church In The Wild" & "Homecoming" back to
Walker uses & trusts their #'s when they make him look good....but distrusts them when they don't work in his favor
I'm laying with jon<3 you missed out
Now that's interesting: I can now use PayPal at Home Depot. cc
where are you at.....i been calling u
15 tornadoes in the area today. Felt lucky before, now I really, really feel lucky.
I still have that burn mark on my arm from falling on Dave's car
Where are you?!
Camino al Airport de regreso a New York!
Another huge thank you to all those who came to the IMAX private screening in Raleigh! Keep in touch new followers!!
YOUR FUTURE: You've felt bad before, but usually for the wrong reasons. If you feel bad today it will be for terrific reasons.
lol why did you take my live good sir?
Happy Thanksgiving!!! Hope everyone enjoys some time with the family! Also think of me while you are eatting because I have to work:(
and 50 seconds, of course!
it means what it means? idk. its not important.
RT : getting ready to head down to for an education forum to talk about w/ and
next show is July 10th at Hard Rock...hope you can make it!
I hate when I say I don't miss you & I really do.
Which beach did you go to earlier today? Was it nice out? :)
lol. Hahahaha. Just joking. I wasn't gonna do that either. We str8! In the gym now w/ u no who!
not just working hard working
YOU ARE THE REASON YOU ARE WERE YOU ARE
IT'S OFFICIAL! GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.
will check it out!
I was just thinking yesterday that needed to get on Twitter. Welcome to the madness, Rachel!
If you wear BootyPop jeans, BumpIts, or Pajama Jeans
stage AE this summer?
Yes, of course.
oh my god!! I haven't used twitter in months but I have to reply to that. We are too cute.
InchXInch PoundXPound Until I'm Finished #BeastMode doesn't sleep I just finished a 6.17 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
cool and Washington like always :p haha about you?
You look beautiful! :)
At the beer & spirits fest, making Bloody Larrys (sub white whiskey for vodka) for the people. J/K making them for me. No one's here yet.
What would you like to see more of at fashion events? ... we're always looking for fresh ideas :)
the british invasion invaded me <3
The #Redsox Bullpen strikes again.
yeah for "Together"
SO EXCITED FOR MY COUSIN'S GRAD PARTY BECAUSE IT'S A POOL PARRY. ☀🌊🌴👙😊
1 hour left in the Not-About-Matt Tweetup! Come say hello. And goodbye.
What time will it B when and going to b Ustreaming in Chicago IL?????
Hands shakin, hearts racing wishing my baby would talk to me....
RT : Here till last call. At Starbucks. #partylikeajournalist - wild lives those hounds lead....
Final Follow Friday of the Semester: ,
Sorry to hear that! We’ll definitely consider adding more Zipcars and or new locations in Federal Hill. Thanks for the suggestion!
The packing begins...
Newt should be glad he wasn't given the Santorum treatment.
holy shit....RT also means re tweet. Re tweet Rowdy Time!!!! :) 90s tonite?
Goodnight World and to those Still Up from Little Weapons !
staying in town this year for the holidays. i couldn't leave again this year knowing how many jobs are left behind! ;)
Love that line.
Like trivia? We have it almost every night at www.dealshow.com. Check it out, you may win something!
And my luck - I'm usually in a hurry when I get behind peeps like that! Oh wait - I'm always in a hurry!
yes & no, agree cool things happening, but users are not builders/engineers- structure, funding, support still matter
Feeling refreshed after a nice morning hike
Just watched Clerks 2. Mallrats is by far Kevin Smith's best movie IMHO. I think I just lost some indy points by not saying Clerks...
you're welcome! Happy Birthday!
took two - what the box said to take.
Thanks to the hard work of our web wizard, the site is becoming social media savvy! How great is that?
outscored the #Heat 58-37 in the second half. Man, was absolutely erupting in that 4thQ tonight. Pleasure to witness.
U.S. auto rebound boosts railroads Railroads in North America are piggybacking off a resurgence in auto sales that's generating the most
help me gain more followers
A little something like that
#WeAreMarquette - #jaemazing - #mubb - so proud of the win. what a game. double double in the first half was a definite plus!
#uxdrinkinggame If you say that you build websites, and someone asks "So if I need my computer fixed...?", do a shot. /cc
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror damn, when did you start lookin' so foxy. ;P
Very exciting.
": I really really really fuckin hate LSU" common emotion about the greatest team of all time!
Thank YOU RT : Great time at Gala. Glad to serve up some Tunisian Flanken (Short Ribs). Thanks!
Yay!I can't believe that my mom brought us burger king!Yummy!
where is yall's game at?!?
Thank you : From the best fans in hockey for your tremendous season!
I was thinking of doing the same. Any insights?
my timeline = chaos.
DYK? Zeta Phi Beta was founded at Howard University ..
HAHAHA I KNOW HE WILL
;P Airsoft Mesh Mask Review ( Army of Two) masks
of course! Thanks for the opportunity and the $80 in credit. Looking forward to digging in.
We're playing a dangerous game here...
they are reversible! Brilliant. What glue works best for glass?
#NeverBe afraid to tell someone how you feel about them, because you never know if you'll get that chance again
Wow, even in the city a little bit of nature exists. A hummingbird just flew through my balcony to pollinate the pepper plants.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day! Remembering our troops past/present and how lucky we are to be Americans!
Females that smoke weed >>
halvo on shalvo: "that's how it goes"
Saturday morning workouts-- #besbodybootcamp- who's with me ?
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
Ultimate laziness... I want to walk two blocks to Bruegger's... but don't think I can manage the cold.
lol looser. Elana better come back to life. Omg
Are you on FaceBook? Look for our page - OptionsTradingSystem (all one word). See you there!
Ah. Orlando does have amazing food. And on the topic of all this food, my diet starts tomorrow.
Hehe, Yeahh. (: I Hope He See's It!
This is the first time that Krista has called me cool..usually she says I'm lame!Thanks for admitting it Kristopher!
The meaning is in the punctuation. Get sexy, kids. Or get (some) sexy kids. You be the judge.
i just don't believe anything you tell me.
Knock em dead on the big stage
New recording is up! Beneath This City's "Redeemer" sounds great, check it out!
~could you have faked that clap anymore after brad and carrie's performance?
when u coming over
submitted for white collar and law and order for feature sag scale. Crossing fingers. Have a good feeling will get l&o
Oohhh come on !!!
#FF friends seen again
Of course. The ONE time I don't check my braces before I go out in public, there's junk all up in em #embarrassing #whydidntsomeonetellme?
I wasn't curious at all but someone mentioned it to Geoff and now I am grossed the fuck out!
Thanks by the way...you know what im talking about.ha.
Why did they wait so long to make an appearance to the public? The first few days are the most crucial!
how was selena's concert? I mean, how was canada? Awks.... Lmao.
Asking a question is easy. Hearing the truth isn't.
You guys are awesome!
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start. RT : If someone says 'contra' -- what does that mean to you?
Putting all of Bob Dylan on shuffle is so weird.
First an American version of Skins...and now an American version of Torchwood? What British show will we ruin next?
so true.
goal was sick babe!!!))))
Diane keaton on colbert was without a doubt one of the wierdest interviews I've ever seen
Sometimes you just have to say no...
Why do donuts have holes?
everyone says this!
Are any LA #bcsm folks doing the Revlon Run/Walk on May 12? I'm thinking of forming a team, but will join one if you already created one.
Do you believe in monogamy?? Or free love...?
Preparing for a great conference
Shannon Briggs Is Worth Risking 2 Boxing Betting Units at +950 Moneyline to upset Vitali Klitschko
At #wondercon it's about 1/2 the size. But the smell of nerd is strong as the force.
I'm almost positive I'm going to daily my geometry final exam tomorrow.
Happy wedding weeked &
about to eat some pre race wawa... 5k pr must be getting close !!
SO to #BoysOfWinter. Heck of a run, gentlemen. Believe it or not, this WILL make you stronger. Some of life's best lessons are hard ones.
what ever happened to 's green light up bass??
I'm done with games on my cell phone I think. I'm all about it for a couple weeks and then I just stop and all my games forfeit. Ah well.
RT : still the best drummer alive...yea I said it//Awww thanks!!!
I checked the squad out yesterday homie, good shit.
I was rooting for New England (Tom Brady, really)... Maybe next year.
Honestly, no one gives a shit so you can shut up anytime now...
raw time
Excuse me while I listen to Coldplay!
#hgsaconf why not just purchase a French Bible?
After seeing that post, I went there to get a dress for our May 18th event. So many choices! #gloparty ~T
read Bill See's book "33 Days" - i highly recommend - about a band on the road - you will love it~
looking forward to them! putting this one on my reading list!
Fingers officially too swollen to wear wedding rings. Too nervous to wear them around my neck. I can just hear the scandalous rumors now...
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can. Will Rogers
Jalen mentioned Scalabrine and indirectly called him a scrub. Stephen A called him on it but he kept going
i am in love with that song and i sing itt everyday
"different people like different things"
I think everything will come out, it has too especially considering he's possibly looking at the death penalty
Mother Teresa~ Action quotesSuccess usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it
It's a beautiful morning.. doesn't a song start out like that?
up listening to john legend
A really nice, cool
anything and everything is a "that's what she said" joke.
Michele-with-one-l-Bachman's Few Day of Swissness is just weird. Doesn't it violate a pledge? America wasn't good enough for her?
Should be a 4 minute.
Oh your a fan of one direction? WRONG. Your a directioner.
I dont think I can do that.
Dead phone, but I was there to worship
these are the selections for the NCAA tournament. Don't worry about what round it is. Just that it's Thursday in Portland.
Congrats Big win for Austin Peay today over the Vols!
Just doesn't endm! that place, then THAT place. Now here? O o o.
All day without a phone can drive a woman insane!! Thank goodness all is back to normal. I have a phone again!!! 📲😄🎉
Nancy Pelosi-John Boener's refusal to issue rebuttal is a rebuttal. Hopefully the majority of Americans will too. You belong in jail!!
Started watching the anime "Spice and Wolf." Pretty good so far! Loving the music especially! And now I must eat an apple!
what? I don't get it! <AB
why of course, im doing it right now as i type and no one's even listening to anything. in fact im alone at the office!
Up and away June 12th egh! one album I'm looking forward too!
text me.
RT : 1st round. Beer. as a brewsmith I can admit that I'm about to get really really picky.
Glad I'm not at campus conference because I'm all about constant coughing at moment. Attendees also happy I'm not there.
If you break the law on Leap Day, can you use the "it's not even a real day so it doesn't count" defense in court? Let's find out.
why is there not a blu-ray of Spielberg's MUNICH yet? It's times like these I wish hd-dvd had won over North America
hi . my name is sotong ? your name? ( potong sotong )
I dont know how i got this way I'll never be alright
I do, and just in case you don't... I was hitting on you.
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott. Coming April 2012!!!
can someone, someone please tell me where i went wrong? and how many more times will I have to sing this same old song?
Who durant thought he was wit dat shot ? L ma o
It's hotter than a sauna!
It's an exciting team that just got even better.
yep. Hope we keep it up!!
I'm thinking it's her too! And I love how we just keep tagging Ollie :D
Yes, I can confirm the extremely large ribbons they are all wearing are indeed bulletproof
What means the world to me family and friends
Sad sad news about Steve jobs.
Still booths available for Sci Fi Expo! Prices start @ $200!
"I'm just gonna go grill some steaks in your honor" I don't blame you, steaks sound a lot better to me too. ;)
“: Wish would shut the hell up”haha!!!
a crepe
Congrats, Annie! You totally deserve it. :)
HOLY SHIT ROBERT PATTINSON IS ONLY 10 YEARS OLDER F YEAH BRAH
we are on our way with 4 straight losses
Proved today that just because your good at Wii bowling, doesn't mean you will be good at real bowling. #iwin!
Looks like you were right. Best news #BillsMafia has received maybe ever.
I have a sister again today! Welcome back and on CINCO DE MAYO
interesting FT stat from IU game - Seniors were 0-4, non-Seniors were 15-15
Happy Birthday to my ace the big 21, we about to ball hard!!
It's nice to see people out on the plaza today enjoying lunch, makes me think it's spring already!
You dont put team mates against team mates :o wtf
THIS IS THE PART OF ME THAT YOUR NEVER GONNA EVER TAKE AWAY FROM ME NO!
Ugghhhh. Damn you VS.... Waking up to work this early SUCKS
Thank you to all our new followers and fans. We hope to bring you some fresh new content soon! We are working hard over here.
Thank you! W gratitude RT U are loved and read
I so badly want to live in New York. :(
Sweet, looks nice.
Great question!
Don't miss 's #Christmahanakwanzika celebration on Friday! The fun starts at 9pm in the AMU.
lol thats not what i ment! I ment its not true that i dont like yall that much!
Debating in gettin some grub..
RT : If you're struggling while making 50, move to the souf. --even in the south, $50K can't take u that far cc:
Thx for following us & ! We.greatly appreciate it.
My throat feels better!! :)
happy mother's day beautiful!.<3(: have an amazing day with you're lil princess.(: stay strong as always.(: love you!!^.<3
Wow the traffic......
Thank you for the compliment.
26 states, from California to Maine and from South Dakota to Georgia embrace #sciencestandards://tinyurl.com/7j83f99
