i been working bby tired as shit how u been?
Ha! If only.. RT : A2 #TTOT best tip for sleeping on airplane: UPGRADE TO 1st Class
Our pleasure! Thanks for all the hard work!
History Professor
love and miss you!
-Yhu got practice today-!?
Speaking of too much change, too fast - Firefox 10?!? For real? Firefox updates annoy me to no end.
congrats, that's really cool :)
Trying to induce into "networking" it
ATV racing! Lets hope I don't flip!!!
Singing along with Tom Waits is the only sure fire way to get me to stop singing like a girl.
Plus everyone gets a bobblehead tomorrow! Win win for you Brandon.
HEADED TO MINK !!!! COME HANG OUT !!!
Excuse for talking to an ex : He's the only person I have to talk to... What fuck ever..
Nobody But You
Wake up in the morning to a fresh start less talk counting up the bread be the best part
Thanks for the mention. Happy Friday!
I timeshift everything. RT its amazing how much we record..we are relying on OnDemand to pick up the slack...crazy good TV!
FOOD TIP: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs. We've got you covered on Bay Leaves in Bulk!
then don't follow
Good hes a disgusting pig for doing what he did..
going to the library tomorrow to get some new books! woot woot!
He really has that affect on us, doesn't he? Damn Ryan Gosling!
All we can do is.. sit back now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !♥
I LOVE YA!
so I got all the evidence
": Coaches who is going to in Vegas?" Most of our staff will be up from Phx. Should be a good one!
Im sorry. Im allergic to things that make me look like a complete idiot.
aw thanks!! im happy you think so :) thanks girl!!! :D
that offends me. i was a pinoy in a past life.
OMG confetti cake blizzard!!!!
That shit better change when I move back.... I'm feeling a camping trip in the near future
adorable! !! I miss those days!
I have supersonic hearing now. I hate it.
we worked just as hard of not harder
Is in the mood for a Dos-A-Rita or Pina Colada.
I wish!
I miss you!
As a SysAdmin, how do you tell someone it needs to be done this way to work, but they reply, But it works on my computer >_>
Well duh, you're like amazing!<3
I love your paintings. I've seen them in person in Laguna Beach and in NYC.
Loving all these orders from new customers - and people are really digging the pear ginger pie!
bought it today! the movie was incredible and the music was even bettah
Follow us and receive great deals on our products as well as really innovative items coming soon.
WHO IS #Andrew Breitbart? I'VE NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
There's a juggalo up in English.
i used bleach water at workk today and my hands still smell like bleach. eww
hey are there any requirements to win that vita contest?
Most niggas talk to females looking for sex. Me Im just looking for a Friend.
I second that!!!
Join us tonight for the brilliant musical stylings of Conor Malone & hacksaw Bob – starting at 9pm!
Thunder are to much for the Lamers
plans to beg co-anchor Ben Bradley for a social media lesson :) I'm checking the schedule, yup - he's working tomorrow, sweet!
"she looks like she fell out of the rei basement!"
Oh vanilla latte high...how I love thee! You allow me to get so much done! Sweet bliss! :) I do not look forward to the crash later though..
I guess ima just watch a movie
Burning Man and WWDC have ticket access issues.
One of the most engaging conferences ever. Hort\nature science societies and free library of Philly were tantilizing!
POTATOES!....oh well I tried
What is it doing in town? Any idea where it will be?!
I bet that racquet ball court just reeked of vodka and gyros.
Tebow is a Weapon; Bigger Weapon than Sanchez.
I'm half drunk. It's my bday. My heads gonna hurt tomorrow. Ouch.
Its friday the 13th :(
Do schools value student evals as a measure of teaching/learning? Aren't we incentivized to give especially good grades?
Shakedown make this hour happy! The bartender is making some pineapple dreams come true. . .
Sleeping for 12 hours >
4 year old says "where do we go if a salami comes near our house" tough to say tsunami if you're 4 I guess.
May you die in bed at 95 years, shot by a jealous wife!
its a plane that Boeing uses to carry parts of the new 787 Dreamliners to factories
Can you RT the tweet with the number to vote and also DM me your email? =)
Eni mini decisions with precision I pick Or make my selection on who I choose to be with
But of course. I check my e-mail (which I believe you have) very frequently, or else you could call my house phone.
New Hip-Hip Mix In The Works...Make Sure To Be On Lookout!!!
Lol remember that dog
Allow no more than 3 minutes between participant interaction opportunities
Nothing makes me happier than to see baseball over with and college hoops back in action!
Friendship is 50/50. Don't always give. Don't always receive.
Come on Direct TV!!! I just want to downgrade my account. Been on hold for 18 minutes on the dot.
M...Nothing better than a Moji-toe Pedicure. Come in and try one today!
Scott Walker is a KOCH sucker!
These fickle San Francisco people were all like "GO GIANTS!" a few months ago and now they're all like "GIANTS SUCK!"
:)RT #GivingShow selects as week's best love leaders on
What companies should an art publisher talk to for ebook conversion? I want to join the digital revolution!!
#TeamLakers !!! Let's Go!
lol what seat is the 7x opener
omg i wanna see you so badly when u come to ny but the meet and greet price is $650... thats just way too much :(
I wish it was still the weekend.😞💤👎
": Watchin this game" -Rather see you play in it next year big man. For the Browns...
That horrible haircut you get after your hairdresser tries to hook you up with her unattractive neice and you never call her.
Does anyone have an OS X 10.5 (leopard) dvd?.... im still running Tiger this blows... i could really use the help.
Check your coat pockets. All of them.
Sending a shout out to my bro Happy Birthday!
I need to change my ringtone and text tone
[-] any time. Gave me some good habits re: contingency planning & documentation, but even so . . . Impossible to eliminate all vulnerability
Your girl is Beautiful,Loving,Giving,Intelligent,Supportive in every way an that's still not enough...I swear some men retarded..
Organizing footage is a pain, but I can't wait to see this episode edited together. #Michael'sMatch
RT via Don't give attention to haters, here or anywhere. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
Woah, the pictures my friends from the STL area have posted to Facebook are crazy! Huge hail with tons of damage in the area.
gudd but bored lbs
Awww! Mini Sharmin. Words can't describe how friggin' cute that sounds! =D
Dumb girls, quit trying to look like us in photos... It's embarrassing to our species. Sincerely, ducks
Is there anything i can take to fast forward to 3:15 Sunday?
me too bro.
Cant believe I graduated from GU a yr ago...time flies! I am blessed with amazing family&friends & and an amazing job.
Follow Your Heart Flow-- all Love, no fluff. Tonight Urban Flow 6:15...
"you are a jock, no wait you're a jerk"
Happy Monday Everyone! Hope you all have a wonderful week!
What the Fuck ?
though I often play hard passages in 12 keys for practice, a whole hard piece in new key is hard (6 = D= fingering at times really all new
Ah fuck man. Another damn male friend request on FB.
So sad about Whitney. Rest In Peace. I will open my radio program Monday at Noon with a tribute to her.
"Come on baby (Shift that log)"
Some shit just dont make sense to me.
Insane crossfit workout w . Treating myself to some sweet potato fries to prevent fainting.
I just got back from the hotel, it was my birthday party(: and I'm taking my mom and grandma out to eat for Mother's day(:
FINALLY! They got it right. The first two appearances of the Hulk in movies was horrible.
The only thing I was doing in high school was working real hard, keeping my grades up and writing songs
guys with tattoos are my weakness
yay! Do you want to try and add those to the docs? No pressure of course :)
That's some hot shit right there.
I love that #MiltonChen talks about the rules of #improvisation -never saying 'NO' and using these principals in
:) Reason I asked is not all senses are listed in any one dictionary so non-dict similarity paths between two words might exist.
Wow... Well that's me not having sex tonight.
seriously homework? do you have to exist...i mean really.
HOW BOUT THIS I WOKE UP TO THE LOUISIANA POLICE ON MY FOLLOW PG. WHAT THAT'S ALL ABOUT??? WANTED ME TO FOLLOW THEM BACK. WTF??? NEVER!!!!
girl...I'm gonna...work. :\ I'd normally head down to the bay and watch the sun set from the pier. Hopefully it doesn't rain!
I teach my kids how to use it, but some of my colleagues are horrified that I encourage its use!
Folks I need to help Francine on the final things to get our #SOT project going. I'll be back after while. :-)
i did some more, but since the poster was so text intensive, they wouldn't fit. I'm happy with the end result.
Expect success when contemplating, planning, and moving in forward motion. Goals are in control of the beholder. Have a great week!
Safita is one of the most beautiful places in #Syria. I miss it, too. Getting to a peaceful post-Assad period will difficult
Separate teachers cadre for Haryana's Mewat - New York Daily News
Nomophobia, the fear of being without a cell phone, is the most common phobia.
also, i would appreciate it if you unblocked me on facebook. sisters? were close
will do
The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself.
Then you come crashing in, like the realest thing
Starting to record our second album this weekend at the Blue Room Studios
“Football is a game played with arms, legs and shoulders but mostly from the neck up.” --Knute Rockne
I LOVE them!!!!! Where did you find the recipe - I would love to give it a try..
I kinda miss ABC's TGIF Line up back in da day. Family Matters, Step by Step, Full House and Boy Meets World!!!!
For expansions, look to Seaside first, then Prosperity.
Hopefully he messages you back. And if not keep your head up. And at least it shows you care. It's a positive message.
RT : When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'then what are we fighting for?'
tld bae we was going to win this one
mr.wrong
Super excited for "celebrate 's new job" girls night!!! :)
Out fa the count
used my fiance's this morning - so much of a difference.
Some girl just accidentally ashes a cigarette on my tricep...time for shots.
banana and blueberries never fail! Pineapple, blueberries, and mango also
I really hate when I really need to find something and it's nowhere in sight! AArgggh!
99.94% of the time he is. This was the 0.06% he isn't.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you.
- only all too often? Not most of the time? Have never seen line used for someone doing all the team work. LOL
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "..&rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon d name of d Lord shall be saved.”
Let's go Saint Marys!!!!!!! Last Game of Season
I don't get it. #Nats game started at 1. Is it over already? Navy Yard platform already starting to fill up. #wmata (And it's hot in here!)
how are you holding up?
2morrow i think i will try
that I would be fine with
Thrilled to be seeing perform with tonight. Welcome to Indy!
Excited to hear and others on Saturday at the International Children's & Young Adult Literature Celebration!
dm me back
THANK YOU! finally someone appreciates my music💙
Hey, Chris. Potentially. Let me send you a quick DM.
that song is so hot right now. it's not annoying, its amazing!!
Join us this SATURDAY at PIER 59 STUDIOS WEST, Santa Monica, for the opening night of MOPLA! It's a free and open event - 7pm-10pm!!
Thanks Fam. I Appreciate You Listening. New EP Out April 4th.
hold on i will get a pic of what kind of piano
Oi, yo need to tell you mama to stop wearing the blue lipstick
Sunday in the Wookiee with Wookiee is so nutso it's hilarious.
Hi - Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio... Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Friendship Phone Bank Monday, March 12 6:00 PM Shiloh Community Missionary Baptist Church (Pittsburgh, PA)
Mega Millions Jackpot is now at 476 Million!
Came into work on Monday morning as usual, despite spending 14 hours at Disneyland on Sunday. Yes, I do want a f*cking medal.
O and hay Shelby! lol. -izzy
are we no longer friends?
can you make a a bit more obvious as to how to delete an account? I can't find a link anywhere. Thanks
Thanks buddy RT : and Taylor Houchens ripped it up tonight!
Thank you for following! & for teaching our children such a huge responsibility Thank you!
All right, fine. After much reluctance, I'm now hooked.
Happy New Year!
We just got added to the show with next wednesday may 9th at ! very excited! please come join us... 7:30pm show
Great news Missy!
God allowed you to wake up for a reason today. Be sure to make this day count.
Yo GOD! Tell the damn teachers to stop giving homework
convinces me yet once again that #Michigan has the most fouled up state government in our nation.
Billy was a chemist's son, Now Billy is no more. What Billy thought was H2O Was H2SO4, hey!
lol i dnt think so you do have a future i believe you do(: im not smart Dx
#IfWeAreInARelationship you're going to have to get your body waxed a lot!
thanks friend. Thank you for making "the rule" list a part of your show this AM
For half an hour, I've been trying to figure out what that burning smell is... ...it's my computer.
I say we put the #Robocop statue right at the tunnel "Welcome to Detroit Canadians!"
you're a girl
yeah right... lol
Greetings from the Ward 4 town hall meeting! Recommend following for live updates.
Your welcome,Thx for the #Followback! Enjoyed your latest Post! Keep us informed, #BBN Mispelled latest 1st try, #NoCoffee!
Nothings going to let me down :-)
Big ups to my 2nd favorite NBA player 2nite Also, I dont give props to #espn too often, but bravo for streaming free online.
Studio Seven?
Welcome home, Mike Dunleavy, Jr.
Tweet to TV screen during tonight's vs. Lakers on ! Use #WatchWolves to join the conversation!
no sorry :/
those just sold
The life you choose is the life that brings out the best of you, choose the right life to live
Check out our 2 FREE checking accounts one actually earns interest! Plus mobile tech to help you with everything...
I'm still learning and ii suck ha!i've been wanting to do more edits of Nicolette and stuff but i can't.:3
what? No u look so much better than him
You bromantic you ;)
wait! Not that song the one that says shotchugging and brew pounding. That's where you say scary
There was money on the table with the bricks
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd probably get better grades.
No. Never again. ;)
Dumanis says Little Italy is liveable and walkable, and we need more of that.
I can't believe she actually thinks she will marry him.
Ariana I LOVE YOU!!!! ♥♥♥ PLEASE FOLLOW ME :'( I LOVE YOU!♥
It's interesting to see the modern adaptation of the Sherlock classics.
yah were all fine we were outside for like an hour
We gotta write soon!!
did you get my email??
Absolutely speechless. Have fun getting relegated QPR.
he is out of Dallas Mavs.. said by REUTERS they parted ways mutually... and have u read the BASHERS??blamed
At an amazing history event by feat. DB Cooper, #kickass historians, burlesque, & bands-- love closer Oh Darling. Kick ass!
Eat fruits & vegetables for vitamins & fiber. Your body will thank you.
If your claiming to be saved that means its a way of living, not just an afternoon Sunday tweets for claps. It's a way of life 😄 ThatIsAll
see thanks your so sweet
4. Going to Mars gives humanity a second home, so if we are wiped out here, life will go on there.
Part of the fun of getting sick, is being able to re-trace your steps and figure out who or what you can blame for your current condition.
There should be action in the LSU bullpen....
Great NEW Wine Tasting kicks off today: 3 wines for $12. Malbec’s white counterpart-Torrontés grape, Malbec/Syrah blend, and a Rockpile Zin.
Tonight was atrocious
Lots of #NBA playoff action to talk about on the show today! Hit Troy up now: 888-640-9385. Watch Troy on #UStream. Let's go!
Going horseback riding in Malibu! :)
You'll feel GREAT after. Totally worth it. The concentration keeps your mind clear... somehow. :)
Wow, Modern Family all over the place. #
A1. Heard in a preso by that badging for product review writers inc'd # reviews by 5x at one B2B co.
*picks u up an spins*
ohh, didn't know there was one, thanks! Review for us!
like the girls in that really funny geico commercial say... eww. seriously? that was so gross
LOVE Y'ALL :)
Today is now Sunday. The day is here Sunday that we all give a few minutes to think of what we do have and have had in the past.
“#followfriday Because I wants to win some free comics.
All weighed in - time to eat!
Cant believe im about to see
My twitter is still the same c: .
The greatest and noblest pleasure which we have in this world is to discover new truths, and the next is to shake off old prejudices. —...
Don't know where #oomf and I stand and it is literally driving me crazy.
oh aw okay!
LOL OMG TYPOS.
Boy, in this sun you can really see that son #3's eyes are, in fact, hazel. Oh boy.
Hopefully things will be better when I wake up
good idea!
Also, do the parentheses befuddle the spambots?
New Transitional Housing Available in the Tampa Bay area. Contact Berith Ministries 813.410.8617
Big Thanks to Bill Phillips @ Sandy' Bait and Tackle in Tavares Fl. Sandy's has the whole line of Jethro products go by and see Sandy & Bill
Tune in and watch the POTUS talk to the UAW.
my TWITTER was hacked.!! sorry if you got a direct message from me saying mean things.. that was obviously NOT ME.. again i apologize...
Listening to "Don't let me get me".
Confucious Pick-Up Line: Life is like a dick. When it gets hard, "Fuck it"
G U NIIITTTTTTTT
false, it'd be good for me since I'd be eating his leftovers. Thanks Mike!
Of course. Enjoy the break.
tell me i heard that shit
so the pacers slap that ass tonight
That is so cool! I have major jealousy!
Redbourn post office is up for sale - Hemel Gazette
I miss the south!
You can stay in your seats for the concert, or if you want to go down to the field, we have VIP passes avail for sale to STh
is a big fan the phrase "pain in the a$$" and it makes me laugh every time he says it.
Columbus Day Regatta tomorrow- 20-30 MPH winds and 70% chance rain. Lord help me. The things I do for my hubby :)
Female DJ of the Year - Lady G
will you be my Valentine? Bahaha
I will now fall asleep while streaming John Mayer's album on iTunes.
Off to the air port son!
: : I like key math, though it's curricular alignment is a bit off growth exp. are close...
hahaha oh yeah and have lots and lots of cute mixed kor/mex babies
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great weekend!
Best baby shower gift thus far? A brown bag containing Samael and Collaboration Not Litigation! The crib is awesome but...
Dirty #genocide, yet #CleanEnergy? #LOL Sounds legit. #UN #Israel #US #Green #Palestine #Nobama #Netanyahu #Jesus :)
Michael Jackson FANS! Come join us for a groovy time ! Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini! OUR SIGNATURE WINGS & SLIDERS!
Another #Braves win today 7-2 against the #Rockies another big game tommorow against the
I want some culvers or kopps.
Why I like #baltimore city? The liquor store gave us free bourbon
Better than #Divorced (@ Value City Furniture)
Movies by Moonlight tonight- Rocky! Nothing beats a summer evening with an outdoor film. So much fun.
AVALON TONIGHT BE THERE OR BE SQUARE!
Getting up early to drive to New Hampshire for my Jos. A. Bank shoot---using my new Hassy camera!!!!!
Don't Compare Your Life Too Mines.
We <3 our helpers... & Jessica!
I had a killer steak and mashed potatoes there years ago.
The only hitter in the AL with a higher batting average since the All-Star break than Rangers Mike Napoli (.389) is Hideki Matsui (.394).
it's like the mafia. You leave and they pull you back in.
Thank you! We are thrilled to be included. :)
S U M M E R where all the days run into each other and every day is a saturday night
Official iPhone unlock statement: no unlock will be released until after 4.2.5 or official 4.3 (whichever is last) is out
Three hours of sleep but a well fed and rested newborn baby. Can't complain.
Oh, really? Than I hope you get your tickets. (:
Whoa! Thanks for the tweet ! You guys are gonna love performing at Stoked to have you guys here in Pittsburgh!
Working on my website omg work all week ugh
Thanks for checking out #YouAreWhoYouFollow. Feedback always appreciated.
I have no idea! Love you
If you haven't slapped any small children. apology accepted.
First panel at the National Digital Public Library conference at the Los Angeles Public Library.
Offically named the truck.. Lucy <3 is genius!
Fifth inning white flag? Chulk better finish this game.
Thanks to you weekend!! Time to count some Z's!!!
Music Rec HI baby. :)
how do u think u did?
That Shower >>>>
You are the follower #4999 :) here is a coupon for free shipping at our store: code " freeship1 " expires at the end of Oct.
The floor plan vs the façade.
Coining it.
Gotta keep it movin'
“: Aww you look beautimus! Are you having fun?” yes but I want to see you!
If you missed the show last night, come out and see Shady Grady & The Nobodies this Friday night at The Elbo Room - 8PM - 21+ - $9
I follow you and
An old man said, 'I would rather have a defeat with humility than a victory with pride.' ~ Wisdom of the Desert Fathers
Former high-ranking official with the Department of Housing and Urban Development has been convicted of misleading investors.
re-watching 8 mile...still awesome
I'm good with that. RT It's currently 69° in #Madison. That ties the record set in 1995. We'll break another record today!
ok that was one assignment in all my 4 years, and I have no idea what motorcycle you are referring to
After many Replies, I see this is what Google + is for!
Will be at the Spokane Home Show later today, followed by the Spokane Chiefs game.
thanks for the RT!
Olivia Tremor Control last night. Jeff Mangum tonight. Late 90s E6 weekend!
Long day of shooting. Now, to get up early & do it again.
If I can leave my X in the past...then u hav to be able to do the same
Music on shuffle tonight, but keep getting TONS of Opeth. Guess I won't complain!
In need of a luxury or exotic car rental for that special occasion, or just because? We've got you covered!
After several months there is a new computer in the Click Clack house! Faster updates await!
i want Justin Bieber to like my page ! haha.
#TerrificThursday have a kick ass day bro!
good night dude DENVER LOVES U
revising up a storm right now
Time for a much needed nap.
careful where you land...
RT : Westlake: #xBox started as video game but has gone on to become an amazing instrument.
Well, save that at *only* 17, there's a good chance he can turn it around, more than if he was older.
I'm currently taking part in LA's favorite pastime -that's right - a televised police pursuit. Today's episode: Slow tow truck chase.
30seconds in Starbucks at Boston University West, and Ive already overheard conversations about weddings, dieting and "omg I can't even"
#lausd NEWT! Amigo! Wasn't teachers union that improperly fired evil teacher-it was district and administration who didn't do their job!
Total people on the deck bar 12 dudes 1 attractive female. Next up, who makes the first move. I'm betting on the 50 yr old man #he'shorny
Word up*
everything is funny at 2:00
yeah I will!:)x
Is there really such thing as too much leg?
you're the only one. Rob and boUKE sure the hell ain't
We need permanent affordable housing in DC.
R.I.P., Maurice Sendak. Thank you for helping us to reimagine children's stories & the way we tell them. May we all explore our wild sides.
What you got the usual 2 twin bed 49.99 a night room? I can send 2 punk rocks over there but you got to pay this time.
Dear "Joe the Plumber," Please stop it. You are embarrassing yourself, the Ninth District and the entire state of Ohio.
Thank you so much <3 oh, I changed my name again. o.o
Funny political 'cartoon' in today's TU editorial section. Funny in that it's a complete distortion of fact.
I am so sorry that I did not make it to my first class I was getting dressed this morning when I got a phone call from my great grandma s...
oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh Bless The Lord I Got my Car!
Happy new year 2012 for all my artists,family,friends and followers! Wish you all, a year full of Blessings, Love, Happiness and Music!!!
Miss you too !
Happy International Dance Day! Last chance to buy our 4 for $40 adult drop-in deal.
Alone Once Aqain .
How was everything last night?
Thanks for rt-ing this Paul. I'm getting one made. It;s such a simple, cool idea.
So excited for #RachelandDave winning the #AmazingRace!!!!!!!! Hope they have some good stories!
Arthur! From "The Tick"!
I smell a #12NTM field trip! #Anchorman2, , , , , ,
BINKY AND JAMIE NEED TO GO OUT ALREADY. Asdfgjkl
Celebrating Rickey Hendersons bday tomorrow instead. Best lead off hitter ever and no wars were fought in his name.
lolz sure whatever you say
Wireless Connection Info: Network Name is "exygy guest" or "exygy guest 2" and password is "wordpress!" (no quotes)
Wen guys feel like they have no control over a particular situation they tend to take it out on the person that was a part of it..
“BULLY” To Hit Movie Screens As“UNRATED” After Nearly 500,000 Sign Bullied Student's Online Petition
I'm listening to religious music. end of world.
All I have is $3 is that ok... O it's Skol, well then do u have change for a $1
some of my friends and I could not get into a party together. I thought it's from MW3 but this happens on BO as well
where you at tonight?
You & Stephen got this natural chemistry. Maybe a co-host for BBAP??
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY #RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT #TONEFIDE <1
Fools only "network" when they got a project out, smh.
lol I was joking but now its on-one pager being done today :)
Well Im going for now, I will keep you all updated. If anyone has a FB or those of your who RP have a RL FB, friend me! :D Bye now!
Nah. But ask me again June 1
LOL call me
My finger is literally throbbing.
I love bring me the horizon.
free dinner and cake
Performing with
My instagram was hacked..
as I'm sure you know by now not a good day for Lincoln
That sounds amazing.
You don't love your boyfriend after 3 days.
Dude, sorry to hear that. I had a 110-pound golden retriever with epilepsy. Not fun, but the meds worked pretty well.
Mathew Curtin giving a very good presentation in electronic health records program
Ctfu, grams be switching!
whatsup guys?! tweet me!
aren't you a full time killer part-time Karate Black Belt?!
only 2 more hours until hundreds of people beat me out for comic-con pre-registrations again. sigh.
One stop shop Boating Center at MarineMax. Wide selection of New & Used, Parts, Service, & Accessories. No one does it better than we do!!!!
Heading down to the pool to catch some rays! :)
Very excited that the KC Regional Leaders roster is almost full! Welcome to the new folks!
Going to be guest dj-ing on at 1 today. Get ready for , a Barbara Browning uke cover, , Black Lips, + more!
at yinzer field
So wishing I was at #Jamboree! Listening
liking the new Twitter pic by the way, meow ;)
Does he ever do anything else? #shortbutsweet “: Told by spox he will speak at #nvgop "very briefly"
I thought youd always be mine
Thanks for your kind mention. I've been slacking on Twitter recently. No particular reason. BBL! :-)
Ugh the opener of the second series... Like I just can't.. Omg Maxxie, let me love you
good. been suffering bad allergies but good.
I have to work six days this coming week + on Sunday, care for my dad all day while my mom makes day trip w her church. LONG WEEK AHEAD.
last final, then baby / train for
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. - David Joseph Schwartz
RT : Blair Levin at #bbcsum12: cities can reduce providers' network buildout costs for very little out of pocket to themselves
Love that you are using Kickstarter for this project
So I wanna win the lottery...
Ha. All us Jews have them. Or so I hear.
Be mindful and curate classroom library collections
Wtf is with Paul Pierce just blocking the fuck outta everyone
I will make a trip out there, hopefully soon after I get back from Vegas and Jamaica!! :)
More recently used a typewriter on Secretary Song to good effect.
me don't lie
yo I don't want u to think I don't respect you and what u do,cuz its all love hit my line and ill explain
no set date yet. Our mgmt will let us know soon enough!
Hahaha barkley: "have you ever seen sam cassel and golum in the same place?"
Bring it Back by is a gr8 song 4 the #gym! Right :) What's on your iTouch when you work out?
Its crazy how its nearly impossible to find a nice chick who appreciates when a nice guy comes along...im just saying.
But writing lyrics is easy!
clearly I'm a grown ass man.. Smh.
DIG IT! RT : Four Hour Extravaganza begins........NOW!
Song of the Day: "Riverstone" by Rootz Underground..
Headed to for 2nd oldest daughter's pinning as nursing student grad. Congrats RN class 2012.
Yeah..Your still not doing anything? lol
Hey Richard! Are you following our play about bullied gay youth. It's in Chicago June 1-17. We're raising awareness w/ book/play
It IS .RT : WHAT! D: this better be no nigga magic between you two >.>
I'm not in bed by nine...REBEL. ;)
Wtf theres radio commercials going over the loudspeaker.........
Trying not to get infuriated right now. Must keep calm!!!
Hi! Happy New Year! Schools offer different programs so you need to know first what you want to become in this industry.
Why do you say that?
Thanks for voting
Thank you! We would love to talk with about our work with those students. Appreciate all of your help!
Hey.,I like uhmm miss you. :'( talk to me.
why you play temple run then?? That's what I thought nagger!
Good morning jeepers, creepers and freakers
ive been in chorus when i was in sixth grad but i hated it
Oovoo with my losers<333 ah they made my day :*
Man shot dead for eating a popcorn to loudly during 'Black Swan' movie. www.tncnews.com
the schedule was stacked against them
I'm with you there.
LOL oh I don't blame you for opening it now I'd have done the same thing! Pretty sure mine will be here tomorrow :)
Game of thrones Season two up to date.. Four in a row till 5 in the morn
Fried eggs on Haitian bread and butter.
Just got my CD in the mail! Super excited to take a listen!
I love the energy here !
aw, thanks! Not exactly but I'll take it!
feed me wat
Congresswoman from Philippines speaks out against U.S. presence in her country.
#inspirationalmessage as always..Right on time!!!
Admittedly, I am an admirable person, but to convert earth to be like The Kaiser might be an annoying happence.
Follow me and I'll give you 1% of my IQ!
try the boulevardier too, bourbon and campari if you haven't had one. Tasty! Beaker and Flask in Portland is great for cocktails.
has see through pants
About to watch Matthew Eldridge at Vinyl
Just deleted a bunch of songs that were going to be on my album. Lots of work to do tomorrow.....
RT : "If you're sleep deprived, key parts of your brain might be dozing even when you're awake."
mann i'm sleepy
Not sure they needed to announce the summa and magna graduated by name.
well since its your last week!., I'll give you a hi, a hug, nd a nice lil conversation!? How that sound?
Lol my hairdresser went to sycamore lol but she extra ghetto
This house needs new spring lines
Wholesaler: David, got a second? Me: I only talk to wholesalers on twitter. Wholesaler: ??????
Hell yeah!! I see it AL!!
• The opposition seems pretty nit-picky in their criticism. Have heard identical argument in regards to nearly EVERY movement.
Since I get all my news from Twitter apparently, at first I thought Joey Votto died. I realize now that I misread. Sad day in philly.
go for it!
are you sure you're in France? that's USA portion size right there
Impossible to please GOD, WITHOUT FAITH
I am out bored as hellz :(
Girls: "All the good guys are gay" Me: UMM not in San Antonio
too many tweets about good traffic conditions. I use this 4 accident info & assume traffic is good if there r no tweets :)
Thank you DD! Comin' in this week? RT : Really craving right now, best in #phl hands down!
summer doesn't come soon enough, you're what i think about when i am beating richard up. crack rocks don't float in fish bowls
Looks like the solar storm is on teh Twitters. Here we go...
Yep, it's Tuesday. The jury's still out on whether it's happy, though.... ;)
My #lrt Oh Shiiiittttttt ! :)) She Pro'lly Be Whooping Bitches Asses !
That's cool! 1/2 = levels 1 and 2, reading and grammar.
I am the female weezy. ;)
KAAYYY. I SEE YOU.
I really have no idea what #viddy is or what it does but I'm pretty sure facebook will buy it out for like a billion dollars by next week
Be super glad you don't live here right now. The hate will fill the 3 rivers. Exactly: GET OUT
Live and learn!
follow back
I am currently investigating a case of sexual abuse in a foster home.
12?! PUMPED! RT : Unseen Barbra Streisand footage will be released by Columbia Records, in a 12-DVD set.
I wasn't able to open your link, but yes, lacing can be a real help or a problem.
Thinking too damn hard my fucking head hurts like hell :( ouch!!
trying to!
Copper River salmon on the
Iam not an asshole. I am THE asshole. How else do you think I justify being a writer?
Got my CAC reader to work on my laptop and got my iPhone to check my AKO. It's a good IT day.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe (? E
"I'm a Samantha," "I'm a Carrie."
I haven't tried it just yet - waiting until I get on a creative streak and then I'll queue them up.
Laughing to myself as I hear the Metrodome crowd go KUHN
im not dead bc of greyson.
niggas hit licks i want it u got it i take
Eating at McDonald's everyday is like watching the titanic..You know the outcome but for some reason you still stay captivated
Lyme Disease Awareness Month: Six Tips You Need To Know To ...
Road-tripping off to Phillip Island today - pumped to play with some kangaroos/koalas again and see the penguin parade.
Yay for broken collar bones at soccer games...
and just edit it there or somthinn
Full text of tonight's presentation to #SDRC will be available in the next few days.
Very nice to Hear from you. I am well thanks. Hope you had a nice bike ride.
Good news Susan! Glad the Mayans were wrong!
Procrastination = working at night = no chats ;(
same here, I don't remember the last time I've went to sleep that early.
I love listening to depressing music when I'm depressed even though it makes me more depressed than I already am.
To true.
out back!
sounds good girl! Haha I've been in a science GE this whole time! I'll get back to that! Lol I miss u! Xoxo
What a great weekend to come shop, eat and dig for dinosaurs in our dirt pile! Starts 9am sharp
America or chivas
Let's go #hoosiernation! Everyone better be wearing their iu gear today!
I heard she DOESN'T GIVE A FUUUUUUUCK.
now look at me i'm sparkling.
web developers, when choosing a CMS to build on, what factors do you use to decide?
Thanks for the #MustFollow and everyone
Congrats to the Romney family on two more grandchildren. Twin boys! That makes eighteen for &
y'all were born a day too late. ;-)
Digging 's new twitter avatar.
Dance al day. Get to miss all my classes (: Yeah.
Team Sasha & Malia.
Where's Reggie when you need him?
had that in mind also. Ha. Match one an I will sample some dope vynl tonight. Bring over my mpc.
No prob man!
Glad I live off campus. This week is CFAW week.
I just replaced the pressure valve on my hot water heater. Recognize.
That'd be great. I'm at Eisenhower in Harwood Heights. I'll dm u my email
Thanks, Laurie! Believe it or not, despite the pretty head, he's not an Arabian--although he get that a lot! He's Hanoverian!
Sitting & randomly remembering things the next day is the worst. Like, oh shit... I did that.
Happy New Year, everyone! Ready for some more Happy Endings shenanigans? New episodes return Tuesday, Jan. 5th!
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 8pm!
NEW YORK!! #SUPERBOWL NFL
I currently have 6,777 pageviews....I think I'm going to do a fun giveaway when I hit 7,777!
I have a terrible sore throat & I'm exhausted. And now it's time for work :( hope it goes by fast
a coffee cup, but it looked like a large scoop of ice cream. It was that nice out today.
another fab, sunny warm spring day in february in
The thrill of hope, a weary 'parent rejoices
Having an impromptu "Paranormal State" marathon.
SAT word of the day: adumbrate (v.) to sketch out in a vague way
Fixing a windows formatted 10yo perl file on a unix machine, running it as a cgi-script using apache... I feel like a French Engineer :)
#timeforbed just after my favorite show...
hm haha I'll have to keep that in mind. But no way I'll ever get as addicted as you (: jk
I was wondering. Thanks!
Momma , knows Best
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER is a beast! (:
I've really been diggin listening to The Glitch Mob while I drive. What's your driving music of choice? ~ Wil Tafolo
Is coworking coming of age? Accenture recently joined the coworking movement, joining LEXC a network of unique independent coworking space…
Sounds like Sheriff Dept is thinking WTF is going on with MPD
I also surf Flickr or blogs for inspiration and then pin from there so I can remember it visually. Q1
Thanks for the mention!
ereaders and tablets have saved reading.
RT : 2 million mothers and young children would be cut from a program that gives them access to healthy food.
have done:P
#WordCamp attendees - Sign up for Personal, Business, or Enterprise hosting at RocketPress.me and get 25% off. Use coupon code "WORDCAMP"
Now I know about it...and yest I'm jealous. *stares at yogurt balefully*
Did you know that I work the bowling counter at Mission Bowling Club every Friday from 3-8? Well now you do! Come visit! Lanes $35 3-6pm.
i'm putting my money on something big happening w/ peggy this season
Love does not make sense, it gives meaning to everything else.
Shave/shower time. Alright, Friday. Let's do this thing.
Thats me! : If you’re over 20, you’ve lived through two palindrome years: 1991 and 2002.
And the #TonyAward goes to Tracie Bennett - the new Queen of Broadway - for her tour-de-force as Judy Garland in
If you love somebody, set them free. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were
Let's hope that emotion is no anger. That could get messy.
I wonder what the weather forecast is for tomorrow in Lawrence
I love him, is like a cloud made of sweet, m...! :)
On a plane finally. I hope this is going to ATL!
send some music!!
Chemical engineering class. Ugh here we go.
If your job is your passion there really are no such things as "weekends"
which one O: ? Lmfao.
I think my first time smelling weed was at the Adema/Cypress Hill/Linkin Park concert back in high school. #twitterbinge 4/24
Big shout out for including my girl Carolyn Wonderland in your MArketing Evangelist Must Read-as usual - You (and Carilyn!)Rock!
I'm getting ready for my younger cousins bridal shower! Wow... Makes me sentimental. Every girl dreams of wedding her guy.
very nice tool.
“The more a person perceives that he/she is loved, the less they will interfere with the lives of others.” - Dr. William Glasser
We've always been suckers for Roscoe Village over here.
tomorrow feels like it's gonna be a good day ?
I miss you bestie (:
This should be an interesting offseason for college football. What with all the coaching changes and uncertainty.
Loving the fact that contunies to put pictures up of hahha.
regarding #TinHuey "you guys were on a small label, right?" "you mean warner brothers?" hahahah
Me, mom, and sis at Sherlock Holmes..
Hope you all had a great weekend! Celebrated my sister's Bday and 2nd year anniversary of beating cancer. WooHoo!
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Trello is awesome! I use it every day.
April 25, 1999 - A monument in honor of Joe DiMaggio is unveiled at Yankee Stadium.
#whoisthebest ~ KANYE, He is a two headed monster (Lyrics & Production)
idk we had the meeting with pole they luv the music we need to see what they want to do!
mentioned a "Falling Slowly" duet with Eddie Vedder. I went searching for video immediately. It's as good as I imagined.
so jealous. I have ieverythingelse. What's is that? Mac Air?
Getting very nervous about moving to Arizona... I don't know what to expect!
Get ready for AD-mageddon
lol, I picture her in the dark...
Everyone is up, I guess it is to warm to go to bed.
#Myth: "The devil tempts me to sin"
Which website? I have a couple. major changes can be fun. Do you have a passion for anything specific?
s/o to you too! Keep in touch@
Happy 30th birthday, La Quinta. Here&#39;s how it all started
case just on TV mom convicted 20yrs 4 warning shot absolute absolute discrimination against women also!!! #Corrine Brown
Do other people working 12 hours a day feel like they are going to die too? #I'mnotmadefirthis
Right on!
I sip sprite and codeine at the same damn time
#iconiaczgetstuffdone hahh, cause #iconhacked most hilarious stuff that ever happened!
Really admire Eddie's War, by Carol Saller aka , a Kirkus best book of 2011. Good work, Carol. You know way more than commas.
I haven't slept all night, its 4:30 I can never get enough work out or writing poems. Crap
sorry I been busy and don't ever feel like going on here.
You have to follow through in every word you say
Yea, I can appreciate it's not for everyone. Guess it just hit all the right buttons for me.
07/21/2011 - Salute to Law Enforcement Committee 2011 Presents Salute to Law Enforcement Committee Meeting Event Recap
stopped watching now watching wonder years on Netflix.
These "timey-wimey" plot lines are always a bit tricky. Not wanting to accept the answers at face value.
So true!!! RT : To be old & wise, you must first have to be young & stupid.
what? O.o (Bish)
MARC Trains 538,640, & 442 operating car short today due to cars from 517 this A.M. out of service for repairs & biohazard cleaning
races!!! over 105!!
i love mackensie. a lot.
I didnt know #SXSW was big enough to be trending worldwide
should follow me (:
RT : I think it is safe to say that the sunglazed/fuzzy look has been adequately worn out. Used to be cool a decade or so ago
Glowing ice cubes! Sinking ships!
:) you have a point
Veteran actor finds pathos of homeless old man in classic play
i really want the Rugrats in Paris video game... i remember the good ol' days(:
oh bummer! Well keep us updated!
you have to walk through hell to get to heaven.
Free Car Wash! Thanks, Mother Nature!
Obesity, as according to a 2004 study by the federal Centers for Disease Control.
Looks good. Is this your website?
I am dude I'm looking for someone who can record really good:)
I'm hip
I get really pissed over small things
you are too Damn funny. And for that, I am following you on here. :)
I always have at least one project due.... #Ugh 😁
is wondering who told the young men of the world today that wearing their pants HALF OFF THIER ASS, showing thier dirty undies WAS SEXY?
“: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD #RETWEET this if you love HEAD.” hope she sees this!!
St. Patrick's Day Parade.
in God's eyes NO sin is bigger then the next, so while you smokers and drinkers are judging the homosexual in God's eyes y'all are the same!
Them sexy young girls are no joke.
Be sure to stop by booth
OMG, I totally didn't realize you were at Trader Sam's! I'll make sure to introduce myself formally next time.
we already did & Thank you.
Good! We love them too :)
@ the Mariposa Poetry Retreat in PA about to talk to participants on how to live the "writerly" life full-time. That's easy: Marry well
I find it interesting that the terminology of the conversation has moved from "post-show discussion" to "talkback".
Living Louder is such a perfect song.
#RCJH! and I about had heart attacks in Nashville!
I love the song, "Mary, Did You Know?" Leads me to a question, do you think that Mary did know? Share your thoughts
im shitting on yo whole life
Gtg t-list! Sorry to keep ranting today ><
When I came into work today, a video of news stories about the opening of Captain EO was playing. A great way to start the shift.
This brain fart hurts.
Who could ever hate on Ariana? seriously? She's gorgeous, she's got talent, and she's so kind! smh... jealous peeps. ♥
RT : think pair share is low tech but great #sschat <- def. use this ALL the time for students of ALL ages!
Hey people sorry i havent been on D: forgivee mee? Lol xD seriously though... Hey :D
gotta agrEe with u there!
24k!... Alright... As promised...
My line works both way but i didnt knw they was coming up as tweets. Tml now *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
Its too bad the girls you do get back at you :)
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
I just wanna curl up under my blankets and go back to sleep :/ I hate working this early
What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes & Porches
Absolutely. It adds value to the mtg and allows us to make the most of resources (meeting space, food & bev, etc.)
Happy Born Day My Brotha!
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid. (George Herbert)
Heavy rain and wind near Parker/Arapahoe. Yuck!
Have a fry for me my dear - hugs!
NY has a serious love affair with
I wanna fuckin smoke
Soriano's knee is clearly bothering him. Get him out of the game. Brenly agrees.
even if we did it wouldn't be none of your damn business Kevin lol
RT this if you love !
LOL, you like it.
Happy National High 5 Day! Make someone day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
I can't tell whether or not I feel bad for hoarders, I mean when you die all your shit gets thrown away anyways so why not get a headstart?
Great Economic Development meeting in Bothell today. Changes going on in this area all the time!
Yu Darvish, Y U NO THROW STRIKES?!
Starting This Term of Right By Getting Some of My Work Done Early
dale ale house on sunday!
Packing yet again to go the airport! Another gig tomorrow night.
what a perfect ending to
I'm coming up to 2 years on the waiting list; that's almost as long as we made some people wait for :-)
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Or journos, I suppose. ;) Thanks.
Thank you for helping spread the word about the #ghostfactories series. will be writing more in the future.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. ~ Vince Lombardi
RT : Demoing at #scon12 in 30 minutes! Look for and listen for the sugar invite code :)
Being woke up n the middle of the night to some head is like the best feeln
thanks! She did great.
Watching my #BCEagles take it to Vermont on #CBSHockey. Long time no talk, !
Does that make sense? Or am I crazy?
thank you, thank you, thank you...miss you, love you : )
SCORE indeed! Have fun!!!
Well, goodnight y'all! Sleep good!
Watching Robocop for the first time right now. Holy balls. This is genius.
There's something about guys wearing v-necks that kills me inside.
Giuliani's run out of words. He's invoking Saul Alinsky's name in Obama sentence on Fox News? Does he want to replace Glenn Beck?
Brunch soon?
Shout out 2 the 4 live streaming of Junior Seau's memorial service tonight! Including being able to download the program! CLASSY!
Papers, papers papers. Feeling a bit used up today.
yay! we'll all have another midnight camp out waiting for :)
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not
omg lol I'm so stupid lmao thnk u bf...I'm so dumb:)
every day
Can't wait for Blackout..
hey everyone! go to mattleofthebands.com/mufasa and vote for us everyday to keep us on the top 40 in the fight for warped tour 2010!
Thanksgiving break! whoop whoop! :D
No one looks back & remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep.
on top of everything else, my tights keep slouching down
you can park the T-Bird at my house in the burbs as long as you leave me the keys!
Filmed a commercial on Sunday, got a role in a web episode and a feature coming up. Wooohooo!
Ahh sometimes I just love little kids!!
"�We don�t want to create an army of spammers, and we are not trying to turn Facebook and Twitter into one giant spam network"
We can make you something. Please email Gabrielle to discuss.
yep, got it! thank you!
MCL for dinner. Its okay to be jealous...
Oh yeah and that is the Kurt cobain journals book thing..
Watch out for some chin music tonight.
Screening SUPER SIZE ME right now. Hilarious and disturbing!
I see Mark Sanchez has taken a break from hooking up with high school chicks to check out
She got the biggest butt I eva seen. Guh you should quit yo job & just go work at Dream. Gon head & do it fa fa #YungNation Team..
RT #programmersday sounds good to me, score one for #Marx and
I lost three more pounds and now Purity Ring has a new single. I honestly don't understand my life at the moment.
ESPN has 2 many hosts/talent & not enough airtime 4 all, need to cut dead weight...Bayless, LeBetard, & Around The Horn too
Listening to College Dropout for the 3,000th time
#janeeyre is amazing!
MADONNA JUST WALKED AWAY WITH A GLODEN GLOBE:o)
Have you gotten your $25 lollipop yet?! Just Curious. I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
I need some energy!!!
I don't know why, but I have this urge to buy a bearded beanie.
i saw this guy workin out today i was dayum;) then he turned around i saw his face, i was like no... :(
Trying really hard not to freak out but the cat scratched up my favorite boots and I'm soo mad! Ugh
If you haven't yet, you might want to consider a moment of silence for the Kent State shootings --- 42 years ago today.
whoa, that is a lot of alarms!!
news media types: you're pissing me off! re: mad cow in US but "no threat to humans" found mad cow not headed for food supply: good (1/2)
parents wont read #cinderella to their kids because it has a girl doing house work all day, fuck else girls suppose to do?
Heartbreak, thy name is Undercooked Chicken Breast.
Love yogurt? Want to watch a great show? Come enjoy both at our Saturday show, amazing dance performances and yogurt!
Stumbled on Interested in learning more & I'm actually in Cleveland tomorrow & might have some time to meet.
Thank u :)
Today's Sun-Times is amazing. I suggest you pick one up (actually physically buy one). Check me out on pgs. 2-3, btw.
Are you talking about the ALCS beer cups you get at the game???
Ppl can be so funny!!!!
#DearTaylorSwift thanks for singing all the thoughts I'm too afraid to say(:
sadly my fellowship is over, but will still be visiting DC occasionally. would be great to talk about your ideas...
Karen O'Connor, founding member of Women and Politics & former editor shares her experience.
Life is no Nintendo game.
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!! Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service
like dealing with your insurance online? try our new chat feature and gets questions answered without entering your personal information
The Princess Diaries <3
Will you try again ?? ♥
This week's featured artist is Mission South. Check out the interview and read up on their latest EP, Migration Vol. 1!
Shave It
That couldn't be farther from the truth. Just a misunderstanding.
RT : Special one-act performance of #IntoTheWoods tonight! Get your tickets and bring the kiddos!
true daaaaat(; we're awesome bahaha
all of them
Heh. Has anyone filed a complaint yet?
my goodness, how often will they be able to have Nick run around w/o his shirt buttoned tonight?
i am in Turkey,its so hot and we r having so good time
there's a skrimage Thursday at mcnairy
At boys great eight bball playoffs tonight. Arapahoe vs thunderridge tied at 51 with 1:29 left in the first game.
Ruby on Rails class followed by a 12:15am discussion with my lil' cousin about how to best implement heapsort in C++ => super awesome day!
o shit didint now u were someone else sorry....thought u were justin bieber
I support #OWS. Right now, there's no reports they're behind the violence in downtown #Seattle now.
border states first shipments went out this morning! remember we press limited edition vinyl. hurry before we sell out!
I like the word "stoked"
Nylon May's out w/ my reviews of Hysteria (Maggie G rules), Hick (Blake Lively nearly saves), QnA w/ Maggie Carey about sex & porn (mostly)
Down to Brunswick, GA this week for an interview.
Finally! Just moved up one slot.
Work! Blah! I get off at 6, Wyd tonight?
o: me too!
read it cost them $250K. Worth it.
Thanks, Steve....CHOOSE SIMPLICITY!
Where are they?
Headed back home after an absolutely amazing #ImagineCup 2012 #Ireland experience. Thanks to everyone - I had an awesome time. :-)
I hear you have outstanding zins? Well, by "hear", I mean I just read it in your profile, but why would someone make that up :)
Kobe is a monster....quit calling him old already, he doesn't look old to me
good same ole shit just. A different day when u coming back to the 412 I haven't seen u in forever
are u gonna be a cmedian when u grow up
#stamp RT : Be creative, have fun, make some money and treat people good along the way!
looks rather ravishing today,
Words can't explain how perfect that tweet was.
Who has checked out the songs? :) What do you think?
#HappyEaster! Hope the easter bunny left lots of loot x
hahaha knew it would be awful!x
thanks for the follow!
#throwbacksongs who will I choose
Maybe they were zombies.
Bless your ears with Liebestraum no.3 by Franz Liszt!
Miss my family and old friends, crazy how things change and the places you'll find yourself in life
The weather is amazing now... Oh the joys of living in Miami
Happy Hunger Games!❤
nail trends it is! Keep your eyes peeled for a blog about it this month!
A reminder, last time I did this a rumor came about that I got a hand job by an asian woman named kevin.
... And I was like.. IS THAT HIM HE SHOULD BE A KICK BOXER and my sister laughed. haha but it is true he should be a boxer.
Our a/c broke, maneger said it'll be a few days, fml...
Yes! Having spent last week reading about the Doyle/Houdini spiritualist rivalry, I was super stoked.
are we all still going together tomorrow?
Dang. People been talkin my head off all day. I just want a moment of silence lol .
#WhatHurtsTheMost my throat...
we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:)
I heard Smash Mouth "All Star" on the drive in this morning. Wasn't that your childhood jam?
umm not sure how to respond? I take cash and credit
What's truly amazing is that it took that documentary to make someone...anyone...talk about the u. (lower case now!)
aw shucks. wish I was watching some 'feld right about now.
EPIC WATCH TANLINE
Hey , who on the #lions has been the biggest surprise for you this year? And who do you love playin wit?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!! ☺
is a sick ass rapper!
#BigRed Red Bryant now with as many career interceptions as Kelly Jennings (2006 1st Rd. Pick)
Can't say #Kentucky v. #Indiana isn't entertaining. Also can't say I want either to win.
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day. - Thornton Wilder
can we talk about how much I dislike Blair with Lonely Boy?
On the 11th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 11 warm and cozy beds awaiting!
What is the smart baker's twitter??
Surreal #Osama Bin Laden
SMH. #WhiteFolk RT : I mean I like all of the Tupac and Biggie Smalls stuff…but Petey Pablo ALWAYS gets me toe tappin in my cubicle
at first glance your profile pic looks like you are wearing a star trek uniform. disappointed, until I realized it's BBQ.
our websites are getting built this week! Lego!
Catching Facebook - #Google+ likely to have 400-million users by end of 2012.
Great find Dr. Tindall! My clients will love this.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack melt on grilled multi-grain with spinach & mayo....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
Our Next #Meeting is on #August 3rd at 6:30 at IJPC
Auburn - Alabama is much worse. I promise. Much.
I will not b da woman who will take all bullshit I am the woman who u give ur everything too!!
haha, yes. I double checked before tweeting!
Sorry, I think it's because I just hit "reply" to a related tweet you made sometime back:
You may have to go for an award at some point.
Now Westbrook is the best PG on da game! Come on Joker!
Txt me
So i'm really looking forward to this weekend I wanna get fckd upp, haven't partied in forever (:
Party tonight.. This should be fun, Johnny Walker sponsored... What!
damn now I want tacos. we're off for burgers and shakes tho
Morning to my
you don't wanna know. lol.
Shame on the Tavistock event is one giant commercial.
This is the longest day ever.
I was baptized in the Episcopal Church last year, and the journey was largely started by reading the Café. So, thanks!
Nope VH didn't re-do danger zone I was wrong I was thinking of another song
I can't live without y̶o̶u̶. FOOD. Sincerely, your stomach.
those allergy particles are homing in on my eyes. how do they do it? argh.
Love spicy foods? You could actually be addicted! The capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins!
Moving 2 days in a row and baby watching really wares me out!!!!
are u with ASCAP?
Man, not with this case going to court...this is gonna get ugly. ESPECIALLY if Commish has concrete proof.
This Fri & Sat please support our friends & go see Invisible Man ! KK & Otjen in Bayview :-)
Wow... we are honored to be part of the list!
It is perfectly dignified to run for the shuttle in the mornings.
hahah hell yeah
it's on my profile. :p
Delusional rap cats...
Every other day... every other day... every other day of the week is fiiiinnne ♫♫♪ ♪♫ ♪
What I have with you isn't worth losing
Yes, just as lovely as I imagined :)
it was a fat little beast!
I'm stupid bored, anyone want to watch a movie
Then you are in luck, no comparison needed!
Currently doing the laptop-toting professional vagabond thing.
Random dude: i live close to stadium armory. Me: immediately look over to see if it is my roommate.
It is how it is, deal with it .
I am down for sitting down
#DesireThursdays- if the world was your four star playground- and nothing you could dream was too much- what would you desire?
It's the end of the year and I don't want any drama over something stupid...
If you want someone to keep his secret, start with yourself
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato, sprouts ..served w/ a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili & Chowder +$.50
Proud of see you back on the east coast!
at least I got that free massage gift card. Never gotten one before. Do you know if they do happy endings?
Little Noni Horowitz merely a year away from LUCAS and only a few years from becoming the strange and unusual Lydia Deetz!
glad to hear it!!! Best of luck and come back and see us in Frisco when u can!
If you want something healthy drink sugar free Rockstar, it has no sugar so it's healthy and good for you
My heart is in my throat right now....HAS to be
So I believe I've decided that I want to be a teacher when I grow up... English teacher.. yeahh :)
Pretty good thanks :D. Working on my journal, & Sat. I will go to a meeting to volunteer for the Inter. Film Festival here. :D
That's the way to go, not sure about raising it though lol. If you buy a 1/2 steer or so at a time it's really not too expensive
"Some Nights" by Fun.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Follow back !
Jan. 11 is "I Am A Mentor Social Media Day!" Join me and other #mentors nationwide and tell us why you support
Good morning Twitter world. Already hear birds chirping this morning.
I so feel the same way!! My plan is an emergency run to Walgreens asap.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful is you just being yourselve && not followin other ppl!
You expect me to believe you have a tramp stamp, your nipples pierced & dick rails & you're a virgin? Please bitch, you're @ your prime now.
How's the pool treating you?
just got home to a laptop! So bummed we didn't meet! I was on my way, got waylaid, & by time I got there it had started.
BTW, if I haven't said it enough, the next movie should be DOCTOR STRANGE or BLACK PANTHER. Ok, geek's going to bed now...
It's like when I talk he doesn't care or doesn't listen. I
Welcome, friend! RT : Thank you for putting together such a fun weekend for everyone :)
redecorating my christmas tree. brb
Your special
Think I misread. Good looking out. Keep fighting the good fight.
#ThingsIDislike fake people
thanks for following!
Slick mouth...
RIGHT IS RIGHT,WRONG IS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!
go shopping with me and
I've got to admit - fashion blogs bore the hell out of me...Originality is king - not boring content...
My nigga Tae always keep his word
jersey..it's chilly here but the sun is out..
it's like the low cal calzone zone
We are pumped about playing in Lexington, KY tonight @ Cosmic Charlie's with The Barry Mando Project. Should be a great time!
fantastic 2 weeks plus i,m stoked..
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning - Seattle, WA. 100% Green Seal Certified! 206-414-1039 Call for an appointment today!
Fogot to put (and a Yankee win)
I'm done.
I'm the jealous type and I really hate it.
Kidz Take the Stage performance of OZ tonight at 7pm. Tickets are $9 and available at the door. Hope to see you there!
Mosley & Alvarez. HURRY UP PICK QUICK!!!!!
This Pottery Barn Kids ad just became a psychedelic journey into my inner pain.
#9RoundMinute: 12 Push Ups, 20 Squat Kicks • and.....GO!!
- the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created & are believed to be the work of God.
Nite Nite Love U and too! ♥
i dunno if i seen em before or not... i be too high man... i really need to devote my life to sobriety
Any American actor friends going to be in Melbourne, Australia in July? Shooting new episodes of Vegan 101 in Melbourne. Send your info.
Not cool bro
Hope you'll notice me someday ♥
just watched it! That can not be real! That had to of been staged. Still pretty funny.
sounds good
RT : **throws panties against the wall** #TwitterLateNight ima make feel so good
Congrats to the blues!
#tiptwist Tip Twist #1:GROCERIES: Don’t Assume Generic is Always Cheaper.
I can't wait to hear what all you've been recording. I'm sure it will be awesome as usual. :D
Getting ready for this show tonight. "Get it in!" Charmz feat. Gerelle Mckoy! Let's get it!
Gorgeous day in #Boston today! It's finally feeling like #Spring again :)
do me!
Anytime man. Yeah that ride is bad to the BONE!!
Have big ideas and don't be afraid to take risks. #vision #sales #life #leadership SeanLetwat
we need a state university so we can wear jerseys with our awesome state on them.
getting ready :) what about you?
Party hard!
It's been a week since I told him...it went great but I haven't heard from him since....
that waz off the hook or out of dah socket...
thanks for teaching how to quote tweets!
can't wait to see you in Phoenix! :) I'm coming from Seattle! #SeattleMissesYou. <3
Thats CRAZY!! It's a small world..You have great parents
Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter - The Longer Long Tail
"E" Marketing & Commerce conference tomorrow, by invitation only, I will be sharing the lastest E-marketing info here, tomorrow 7pm est
I love the movies poster, great work!
Thanks for the retweet Cane.
Cannot NOT follow someone who's an advocate for public access to info. Look forward to learning more for you Timothy.
The weather is crazy cold outside. I want my spring weather back.
in divorce law it is rampant ,no wonder people are going pro-per
Let's GO MAVS!
wow this is my 666 tweet... er.....
I smell a kickstarter! Bring Whiskey Media some Hot-n-Fresh, funding goal: $20.
heading out to shadowroom for your show tonight.
I just won the mega millions!!!! No joke!!'
E-mail me at . Thanks for reaching out!
Lol at this fool tweetin & asking ocho 2 fly him out 2 miami so they can kick it.. Thats gay dude!
i'm goin out next weekend ^.^
#RIPAngel is trending
Great win pens!
Not a librarian..but I just read that last wk! It's hilarious and relatable. Love her style. It sticks with you.
Ecosystem includes public, private, non profit and commercial
ITS SNOWING XD
Damn i been absent for a minute tweeties.im back now.happy valentines day!
I travel around alot doing shows. People sometimes ask, "Where do you live? I smile and say. "Outside my comfort zone"
im working at a station in Minneapolis! Miss YOUR face!
Wishing your pets could talk is fun until you remember everything you've ever done in front of your pets.
Serious weekend .... Need transportation in Vegas or VIP services. Call us 888.558.3427
Psychoneuroimmunologist Dr. Candace Pert suggests that "You mind is in every cell of your body" via peptides, the molecules of emotion.
“: thanks for the follow I got you back merry Xmas !” spread the music!
We are big fans Jason. Our pleasure. I'm secretly hoping to get you out to DC at some point. :)
I am NOT a morning person..
Now, I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you.
Playing in the creek @ bull run park :)
I'm into team work.and doing a great job together!Even if I have to do it by myself!
What happened to the flash mob....?
one of the best rivalries in sports ever
Thursday trivia RT : According to Crayola, the average kid wears out about 730 crayons by his or her 10th birthday.
Great quote Sean! Dropping knowledge. “: stop complaining just a little bit less and start the quest on the road to success”
you are safe from the menace that is GG, he lives too far away :(
really? What time is your flight?
What's the word on the so-called distant planet they discovered that looks like a flickering star from here?
#Fact i dont follow criminal activity
Its a small world
would a UK data centre address all concerns?
just working and chillin same shit my sis had her baby how u been
THIS WEEK! bit.ly/uSPW3W and on.fb.me/tfEaEp. Best come over on wednesday!
soo im missing homecomg and i had to cancel my cross country meet to come see u $ tomarow dude i am a dedicated fan!!
Life is about Patterns.
OMG IM SO EXCITED TO EAT CHICK-FA-LA AFTER SCHOOL
No no no i don't need those problems #OJ RT : Aww shit, I made it into avi! I can die now
Ghetto Cowboy, Silhouetted by the Blue, Under the Mesquite, Sonia Rodriguez
#fla2010 best presenter/ idea I must read
I don't know. I'm hoping October.
made my day...lol
he thought it was two guys LOL.
i feel like i need to make a public announcement.....too soon?
