Why the fuck can't i retweet 's shit
Thanks, Joe (which is my favorite name by the way). Looking forward to you reading my tweets.
When my best friend surprises me with Starbucks >>>>> God I love her!
Heading back home. Great #cloudfoundry event this week. Hard to believe how fast time flies when you are having fun!
Change is inevitable. Progress is optional.
next time we have to plan this out so I can take a flight out there lol
WOW. : New York Times' Pete Thamel just said on Dan Patrick Show that he could see Purdue beating Kansas in 3rd round
Work out tonight is gonna kick my ass!
#randomquestion Long or Short?
Theres just one person who can make my day by just smiling.
so they don't see the snakes????
So far every single person I know on #Facebook HATES the new changes. Not one positive thing to them. Can't sort by Recent - a real mess!
Do you know what mode you put your phone on when you need silence? LeBron James mode. Aka No Ring.
just made a album ft justin bieber trey songz tyga chris brown usher and more !
Dad is leaving in a couple hours :( won't see him until summer
Make that ass clap ~
Very interesting, thanks!
Go to be, sleepyhead. This Tweet is something you just read. #EllenRTme day 175
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife tries so hard to be relevant on her own show. It's sad really.
What the fudge! why the flip is my neighbor blasting vanilla ice #iceicebaby at 11:37am!?!
Balto Beer WEEK. RT Too bad I'm coming home to fast... It's Baltimore Beer Week!
Hi Bill! Idea of independent leg counsel came about bcs of concerns over City Attorney advising Ethics commission.
definitely yeah! Its my fave show! You guys have to come back for another season!
Today is World Parkinson's Day. Let us know what you're doing to raise awareness!
IF I get accepted for press credentials..who's gonna let me ride with them to bonnaroo?? My only friend won't go :(
Check out
Trying to convince my husband that the start of the NASCAR season is champagne worthy.
Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON
We live amongst you.
you should! You never know. You honesty only need an agent and then your set
# "Feel like Marcus Jordan its my daddy fault I gotta ball"
What's more American than beer? Miller Brewery is for tours July 4th, 10am-6pm. 10% off red, white & blue merchandise. Info: 414-931-BEER!
Nice. 8 mile soundtrack is playing at the Seattle 2.0 awards
team work makes the dream work
Thank you Judi. Thanks also for the mention.
LOL. I dunno... lizard brain, disowned self, ?? I'm committed to evolution - doesn't mean it gets easier :)
Gah! just saw this! I had class at 9 this morning :/ P.S I SEE YOU!!!! :D
Some of my experience too. OR more of the legal, syllabus building, CYA stuff.
''The Nature Boy'' IC Flair #vS now available!
Starting your new book The Hammer and The Blade for review soon, looking forward to it! Sounds awesome.
I thought you might like this one Jenn :-)
what's up??
your the #stud stu
please follow she is you biggest fan!16
This weather.....
just look atchu, all clean and pristine w/your scrubs on.
bm bm bm. not sure how to spell out the NBC Rainbow sound at the end of the commercial. that will have to suffice.
hah! That is super random. How you been?
so, historians looking for liberalism/republicanism trajectory have a point?
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Sunday, August 15. Please plan your program submissions and equipment check-outs accordingly.
yeah, that makes sense- but i wonder what the radius is of the danger zone. That's a LOT of energy that has to dissipate!
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK -- Dmoney AGP () #RETWEET YOUR FAVORITE TRACK
Since when did chingy die..?
Sorry, but Tim Lincecum needs a haircut! Wow.
Never let your praying knees get lazy and love like crazy.
please tell me why a casual girls team is trying to get a free win on us right now lololololol
temporary glitch on our online store. will be fixed asap!
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Party! RT : Seen on Prospect and Juneau at 9:32pm on Monday April 11, gentleman running completely naked. Completely. Wow.
plan for 2day: cash some checks, buy me a cold MF iced tea, put on a flick & catch up on some sleep! 2nite catch me at Vamp Ultra! KB out
Either we want things or work for things.
Culinary, in the evening program. helped convince me that it was the right choice, much as I love pastry.
EG takes out papers to run for Los Angeles mayor. He brings the knowledge, experience and talent we need to move this city forward. Back him
Chicken pot pie.
I still can't stop laughing about last night.. we definitely need to do another round soon !!
Oh ic, well I like to change up the rules. Okay then, let me finish this god damn essay.
follow me!♥
Go to the Echo1USA for a chance to win a FREE gun and SWAG yo!!!
Presumptuous claims about the benefits of Google+ Pages aside, WHO wrote "Forget Facebook" and WHY!?!? Totally nonsensical.
All software should be free.
I know what I'm making for father's day.
Just bought "In Leah's Wake" by Terri Giuliano Long, #IBC Bestseller for TODAY - only $.99. Check it out all 5 $.99 books. Some great reads!
Clock clocks clocks dos dos dos F2 F2 F2
Good start for , but gave up way too much at the end. Let's get a big 2nd half!
In deb; i turn around and see mady in 6 inch heels falling to the ground cracking her head. Omg this is my bestfriend.
One design presentation down. One new client interview to go. A chilled glass of wine awaits todays success. =)
Verdict is officially in... ohh wait, Justin Bieber is still gay! That is all.
Damn it's hot!
Evidence based practice, based on clinical trials. Clinical teams should include someone with info skills.
is way too cool to let his shit be retweeted get off private brahh goodlooks 2night 
2day(my BDAy) so far, I partied! And worked (on my reality series, tyme johnson-making it in manhattan)! LOVE MY LIFE!!!
Ah, thank you very much. If only I had more opportunities for Incubus hashtags.
(1/3) 10 things I love about Washington DC. 1). the Power & Wealth. 2) The great Organizations and Non-Profits located there.
Yay, thank you so much Sabrina :) I thought you don't like me.
i kno this gurl better follow me back, lmao
Definitely agree! I love the twitterverse!
Man! Im Sorry For You.. lol
Brunettes are the prettiest(:
Not much time left. And not much food left either! Close at 2pm today. Just enough time for brunch and an afternoon dessert.
and I just stalked hanson's old house (the moe house) and worked the corner at 77th street.
an FYI for you guys hating - line isn't really representative. dp ball hit runner going back to 1st, OF got turned around on fly...
A heckler ruined a very expensive night of comedy 4me. You wanna be a comedian? BE ONE!
#occupywallst spreads the world over! The US govt will eventually be forced to listen to the 99%!
>>>> trying to get a feature from AJ. Hit me back and follow me
Anne LaBarbera is going to try to catch Breaking Dawn tonight to give you an opinion.
hey Chloe? What you up too? Lmbo!
&#9822; Watch them back
I can't wait for summer. I'm gonna get ready to go visit my hometown Cali (: <333
omg really?! Thats crazy!!
Two words: Summer Olympics. Who's ready?!
im done!
We do! What about you?
Great to meet you as well, Kristen. Be well, be great, be fabulous!
Shipping or Shopping?! Lol
Mike Richards lights the lamp for #Flyers West!!
Make your Chicken Soft Taco Light even lighter by choosing a Whole Wheat tortilla and leaving off the cheese. You’ll save 57 calories!
See some onf you men who act legit are pushing me to become a real asshole!!!!
it makes me said to see that people are hating on ! he does have talent! HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove is all im saying(:
It's not just enough to win awards & trophies. Did you learn and become someone in the process? Are you a better individual & competitor?
sorry Verne we're sold out. If you or he direct message us and we'll sort out a deal to mail one to him...
Wanna go to oak brook mall
Good morning everybody.
it is definitely the plus of having family here! frequent trips and quick stops at
#Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent. coming today at 5pm est
Super excited about these awesome logo designs by ! Final touch to get the site up and running!
Remember that scene in "Like Mike" where the bullies try to steal Lil Bow Wow's sneakers....So much fucking suspense! What a fucking movie!
Last night I was at a a movie theater, inside a casino, in between a bowling alley and a bingo parlor...only in Vegas.
Sure, followed.
HAHA ME TOO. Right now. It's a little too close to life, right? I mean, like, THIS life. Right here.
like with everything else WoM is best. But video titles that have the right words get the most hits. The title is key.
Finally have confirmation that I am not the oldest person still seeing a cardiologist at Children's.
if you get me the one that's coming out in May! (:
If only Carl DeMaio were Pinocchio - that last answer would have been enlightening.
"Your firearms are too short to box with God." -- Talib Kweli ()
Skin cells have been converted directly into cells which develop into the main components of the brain, by researchers in California.
We want to know if any of our followers are interested in doing a #milwaukeetweetup !
bad form to publicly state interest in job when coach is still there, no? USF wants someone like that? Kids respect that?
Hey! What's going?
Celebrate Responsibly
Would like to see you too! RT : Hope you can make it to for networking tomorrow!
This for the people who don't give a fuck.
#YouKnowSheIsTheOne If she hold yu down thru thick n' thin "Boy u better WIFE HER"
is there a "like" button on here?
We have won the respect of our peers for maintaining the highest standards of ethics, integrity and professionalism.
I don't know about the radiation but these solar flares are turning into a nice day
Thanks for the follow - I'm psyched to RT you!
Will be a blast! RT : So looking forward to #brewersopeningday If you're looking for tix, hook up w/ for sure!
Winter is coming.
If you could configure OAuth with JS and get it working then you could totally add data to Storage or Places.
Congratulations to the Atlanta Hawks for a great win last night against the Phoenix Suns! GO HAWKS!
% of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us? Around 80/20. Feels like opposite from last yr. Convenience and time savings.
Twizzler's do leave scars )X
Anyone have a link to the NYT article about NYU?
Glee is doing WMYB tonight! Although I am disappointed they're not making a bigger production of it :( who's watching? -Caitlin xx
Heck Yea! How's sectionals?
Sorry that was sez.me. Damn auto-correct.
can school just end so i can sit home & rot away -.-
Anaconda in my pants
My elbows are cut up aghh they hurt
Memorial Day Weekend in Vegas booked!!! Let the countdown begin...
I don't know, last years was pretty bad. RT : Worst. Halftime Show. Ever.
Seriously, valuable links and #aha2012 digests. Kudos!
really good seeing u!!!!
give me your username!
time for tonight #ASHTRAYSANDACTIONFIGURES with and then #TheFunHouse with whoop whoop.
my eye looks swollen.
Either/Or - Elliott Smith
back in MINNESOTA and done recording. T'was a good time in PA!
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Californians are the largest consumers of turkey in the United States
Sun June 5th playin w/ Gato Loco @ bowery poetry club nyc... this big band will make u laugh & cry!
We might need LOTS of measuring tapes! Grenis is so long there isn't enough measuring tapes in the world! #YoohooGRENIS!
your the biggest #sinner hahaha
Starting the new year off with a Wii dance party! ...and not too many calories I hope! Lol
really looking forward to seeing you ! safe travels
“: OU secondary makes every week Shark Week! Right?” Except bye weeks
In honor of the Blue Angels: "Danger Zone" by Kenny Loggins
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out! We are trying to raise $$ to raise awareness re: Autism
wen its meant 2 be it jus happens on its own...
Can't wait to hear what comes out of the studio, Alexis. Enjoy the process!
Adult swim I am very upset.. Could not watch Family guy tonight because it is IN SPANISH!! # NOBUENO!
looks like he's listening to the speakers... U not so much.
isn't that what Halloween is for? The girls to get a one day tramp pass lol Not!!! I agree with you
I am so freaking excited to see this
It's okay sweetie .
Note! In addition to the museum closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21 at 3PM for a private event, there will also be no Super Science Sat Table.
Girl Retro 14's &gt;&gt;&gt;
President doing a great job. Can tell by where "Wall Street" is putting its money.
Text me...
Agent publisher for S Asian fiction a glimpse into hightech, high roller sizzling lives of super smart and filthy rich
q4) Also let them vent privately if eeeded
I'm glad it's already past 1pm but it's still only Thursday..
I hate commercials
<3 (= already loving your performance
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
I really need to follow people that stay up late.!
nd then, if u piss us off we wont be so sweet anymore lol :p
A smile on my face is all he asks. And a smile is the least I give 8)
“: RT : Education debt is over a trillion $$, over credit card debt and this needs to change. Thanks for correction Barry
I agree completely. RT : If they don't capitalize here, they do not deserve to win this, yes I said that!
haha of course!
hey lauren! Can't wait to see you on AI tonight! Good luck girl!!<3
thanks! We're excited.
He's been hiccuping since the sandwich spotting, did I trigger some sort of nervous tick?
Second parked car totaled by a drunk driver on our block in two weeks. Yikes, man.
- that's too cool about the name tobias... My oldest son shares the same name as the lead singer Luke...
I am going to be grooving all afternoon at work. :-)
Um... Titanic in a 3-D release? I think it's a must
do you live in New york?
What are your plans for lunch? Hope they include a $1 #Bartab drink! Such a nice day, how could you say no to a $1 drink with a nice lunch?
great seeing you this weekend!
hahaha can't wait ;) ... Now that everyone saw, may I delete? :)
's on replay, she's on replay.
NWA Heritage Title Match: Eddie Kingston (c) pins Green Ant with the Lariat.
Sally,can you ask Dahvie or Jayy if they plan on coming to Chicago?I saw the new tour dates and Chicago is not there</3
We know, no one likes waiting. hungry, thirsty. That's why all summer we'll have our outdoor bar stocked every Saturday and Sunday.
RT : single since january . feels like forever though . :o"
please follow me?Cause I love you<3
#obsessed I'm creeping ur tweets tough tonight
boy its 10... TV time
I think my boards will be much stronger now that I'm going to start that way!
"it may on occasion be the duty of government to protect the individual against organized groups.”
I think people need to shut up about Jelena...like until one of them comfirms they broke up, dont believe everything you hear.
a lot of catch up work tonight but at least I have the rain to accompany me
What are you #thankful for today?
I so love you!
Tar Heel nation is proud of #14 tonight!
so that explains how the other side score all those goals...
Xmas Tweets: My wife thinks she's so funny. But, I will have the last laugh. Because she actually is so funny.
Yep, that direct link is the one I ran on the blog.
You are nothing but a pussy, me to my vagina.
#ff because he is now doing books coverage for !
watch me do it big & i got two kids
don't say it like that is ALL good every last bit<33
We though Josh would wear a tie...
Can't believe we were so bad about photos last night. snapped one of you me and I think
Thanks for the follows :)
#BREAKINGNEWS the end!! NOT!!
They all bark with no bite
What do you get when you cross a Unicorn with a Cow?
Ha! Well, I would have laughed too, just bc you fulfilled that little prophecy. ;)
Dear #graphic #design folks, does anyone have good information on the cost of producing an #infographic? Thanks for your help!
Had a really great message from a friend. Those are good moments. When you really know someone likes you!
EPSD Campaign 2013 is underway in Englewood. We shall not be moved. Wake up call people. No representation means your child suffers.
That awkward moment when you pump the hand sanitizer bottle too hard and it jizzes all over your shirt.
My tweets are not showing up in the #broman search. :(
I did and I started to scream lol
When you stretch and that baby #dinosaur growl you make comes out by accident.
And Oregon misses you, perfect reason to come visit!
The pride of Columbus! RT : Big News from Ann Arbor! Trey Burke will be continuing his collegiate career with U-M!
#np Climax - Usher
My night was awesome!! Just got back to the crib.
I wanna go back to the Philippines and visit my family again! It was so amazing there... Minus the lizard falling on my head!
The movers think I'm a great spouse....
party time for the 7 year anniversary!! Gonna be a zoo
So you say you wanna talk more before we go out,but you don't talk to me! #amiuglyorsomething?
Just watched In Time w/ Justin Timberlake. Interesting concept, failed execution.
#Champion Status! >> RT : Another quarter down, one more left!
My brother is one of the Lynn students in Haiti. Do you know the names of the four missing students?
Druuunnkk with cousin gabby ;p
That is so cool!!!
Bookholders- Buy. Sell. & Rent Textbooks
Seen on a student's t shirt "I have not yet begun to procrastinate" - Made me chuckle.
Still runing A festival of short plays by women playwrights of color, at the Ensemble Studio Theatre!
RT : Newsflash! Just because I say 1 of ur keywords does NOT mean I'm your target market! do some research idiots!!!
Lol he gone say i gotta come get it , um hell naw ! bring it to me lol
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous friend !! Luv ya:) xoxo
"You're my enemy"
Will never forget the Andover tornado. Only time I've ever seen softball size hail.
tough question, probably SF, D just scares me, especially aldon and justin
Good Morning !!
The amount of bad luck I've been experiencing its only right something comes my way
Run into a store and ask what year it is. When they answer, run out screaming, "It worked! IT WORKED!!!"
Someone worth talking to talk to me, I'm bored.
Heard that from a 5th year student when I was starting my program and it stuck with me. You'll be brilliant tomorrow.
interviewed the guy in the commercial. Claim 100% real. Speculating that the Fed govt asked them to pull the ad
Hello weekend! #tgif Have a good one tweeps!
Team Data-Driven uses big data to find healthiest neighborhoods
such a stud.
Wft kind of man tells there #girlfriend to #fuck off. Cereal Bowles
Lovely Weather here in DC!! To Continue right through next week. What are your plans?
Hoping these downers a give me the fix I need
Saturday morning thoughts. Joba is to blame for his injury. He can play with his kids all he wants but a trampoline is dangerous. Look it up
Happy Friday to you all :)
I didn't enjoy tonight at all
When things & people "change" 'its best to accept the sign & be thankful for the "heads up"
How do you say "steaming pile of poo" in Welsh?
Ive been singing AMAZING RAGE all morning! =D
final evening of Hanukkah with latkas for dinner. yummy!
FASHION TIP: Two toned wedges & flats are rocking (think tan + blue). Do it!
#ParksandRec! I generally like the Thursday lineup, but that's the best. I also really like
Thanks for trying to help me
Now: Irteza reps #Princeton #NJ at
Thanks, it was fun!!RT : nice intetview with terrence j on hr show
I got called some mean things and got RLLY embarrassed today, that's all…
and Liverpool, England:)
My 3,200 mAh portable battery arrived today, I love it! It charges my phone fully from empty then half from empty!
Incredible chefs at ICC - just saw David Burke of Townhouse do a tremendous lamb demo.
I've done that before too... And I agree... Its completely draining, but a great workout.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -
Happy Holidays! INCREDIBLE group discounts for January! Planning to book 10 rooms or more?! Call 3127684878 for more information!
no problem...Great info!
Metropolitan provides water for 19 million Southern California residents, across six counties, and has a $1.6 billion budget.
#LakersFans can suck my dick
- great app for connecting voice over artists with agents & studios!
Thanks for the follow :) It's a bright and sunny day here in Virginia.
Taj da only one playing for the bulls rite now.
im always depressed when i think about not following me n then he called my sis sexayy.. xd yay ;)
“ “: I'm having a party this weekend.. full of bitches.” ayyyeee *Jeezy Voice*”
Purdue students: final grades will be available to view Tuesday, December 27th.
I ain't coming back. I've already been, there done that. & I'm done with you messing with my mind.
:- wow thats awesome... great minds thinks alike....
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to design tools for informal learning workshops.
I want to know who manages the "touch of gray" dyeing for Huntsman and Romney. I can't decide which color style is better.
Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord. Lord, hear my voice! Let your ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications!
thanks for the interest man..gettin everything set up, so search "k-kal" or 21st Infantry on youtube in a lil bit!!
eat cereal for breakfast, eat cereal for lunch, eat cereal for snack, i really need to eat something else for dinner
Some fresh new promo pics for 2011...
After Gwar takes lead and stops NAtasha's breakaway fury it's 79-57 (R)
Great to hear. Glad to help.
your cute you know that?
Clippers in the playoffs !
cant bring j-boi bac:( (R.I.P) dat was my runnin mate..the ONLY reason
my battery is about to go bye bye. 👋😔
I love that!! I'd love to play a spy. :)
ah!!! And Nick doesn't care of some people saw it before it aired!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bride !Bride who ?Bride and Prejudice !
thinking about shutting my blog email addy down. but i have to get the people i actually talk to my other address, so not right now.
Just looked at some nice places with !!
You Belong With me
No way, we got 420 likes dude
looks like Vikings are getting new stadium RT Senate passes stadium bill 36-30. Bill now heads to Gov. Dayton for his signature.
i'm upset with you :(
Coach Cal consistently brings in the top players, but never brings home the championship.
Who was local kid singing w springsteen during Sunny Day, she stole the show, Bruce let her sing then carried her on stage!
Just finished watching #ghostbusters I could go 4 some marshmallows now
I expect Zona and Colorado to be, Cal and UW still could be and UCLA has as much talent as anybody.
“: UNLV scored 124. They went all Anderson Hunt. #runninrebels” not george ackles or grand-mama?!?
lolololololol“: FIRE D'ANTONI!! Oh wait..”
remind me not to eat rreal English food
#GoTribe Cant wait for the NFL draft or the NBA playoffs !!!!!!!!! Go Tribe 7-2 on there road trip !!!!!
Sometimes you just gotta sit around and watch JUst For Laughs videos.
L4D and Black Metal are truly a match made in. . . . well. .
you can bet on that bruh! Definitely going to happen for my next project.
Me; I'm Mrs.Sty-Pay-Hor-Alik-Son. <3 Friend; BOL! Me; I couldn't chose which one to marry cause their all Perfect, so I married them all. c;
Ah. Masters hash browns. Matched only by Pitch's has browns on Humboldt in Milw. 2 best in the world.
I think the people who work at disney r wayy to happy
SHOUT OUT TO MY CONFIDANT, THANK YOU! YOU ARE MOST GENEROUS! HAVE A TRULY BLESSED DAY!!!-Heather
I wouldn't miss downtown on Halloween for the world :) where else do I get to see that much skin downtown in 30 degree weather?
Defying gravity.. and no one can bring me down.
hope you have a lovely birthday
The World Not Ready For Me Yo...
it's been busy, busy. how is yours? we're going to have to find some time one of these days to grab coffee & chat :)
These Hoez B too thirsty 4 $$$$!
cool! I knew you'd know. I can't imagine how it tells time since there is nothing vertical to cast a shadow. Lake must have been low
In other news: there's chaos in the brickyard (Forscher, 1963).
ahha we took a "cute" pic according to Sarah
have fun down there!!
thanks again! are you planning on going?
Love me some movie scores to get my day going. Today: Edward Scissorhands by Danny Elfman.
That awkward moment when you #fallinlove for somebody that has girlfriend;(
she had some damn balls
Listen tonight at 11pm to a live interview w/ on WKCR, (NYC)! She will play tunes from her new album & more.
RT : Wis. Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
Reproduction of material for research use is one of our only revenue streams. + there are copyright issues.
Want me to punch their lying faces?
RT You know my team dont have to say it.. We lurking---> Watch out ugghhh
Hold on fool... What new lane??
Hope your enjoying your day, dolls :)
my sister is freaking annoying :<
:) I guess I can let Australia borrow you for a few days... And Phoenix, London, Montreal...
This is such a FABULOUS day ! Just fabulous -__-
Sick, Linked Arm Two-Step, #Bro! xD P.L.U.R.<3
@ linda, yet again he blogged science, art, religion, and philosophy
my life wont ever be completed until i meet <3
I'm a stripper and this is my life
. and any other ladies heading out we expect pictures and lots of fun to be had! Ok? You know the drill!~
NBC reports Red Wings pre-game show today was "incredible", "spine tingling". On ice video produced by Mindfield. Go Wings!
heey can you do me a huge favor???(:
CAN YOU RT THAT LAST TWEET WITH THE LINK OF BLOGTV IN IT? PLEASEE
ahaha yeahh lol :D and i will show you around :b
They gone make me have a heart attack
With & going to Chuck E. Cheese's!(:
i love everything about .
Mine still do! In fact, they taught ME how to play. How backwards is that?
Saving Lives at #BlueRock'a #Studio! The #RedCross is on our stage performing CPR.
just wonderful! I'm very sore today though :) you must come visit!
I want my iphone already! FUCK
hey, I totally missed this tweet but thank you for responding. I will check your site when I get a chance.
What a difference a day makes. #Obamalutionary (just made that up). #MarriageEquality across the land!
NO! If I see something that I want to read on FB, I'll usually Google the headline so that it doesn't show up on my timeline.
your welcome anytime
LAzy day
yeah NEVER going back to that city.
AJ at is doing the color. It's hitting the festival circuit. I'll let you know if/where it gets in :-)
welcome! :) Looking forward to reading your recommendations!
I'll ask him. He's gone from a Facility Management CAD guy to a resident artist/professor. He may not want one. :-)
you're a genius! Bonus points for you, sir.
Drizzy Drake the one that got the gift without the curse. . . .
Join us at: www.blogtalkradio.com/artofimage Interview with "CHUVAgroup"
Danke, I"m not lying at all.
Cinderella she seems so easy
I am so bored
i saw some of your videos on yutube :) u are so real! uand your mom! lol! yall say waht other people are afraid to say.
Cleveland!! Fix ur streets dammit! Lindsay's tires are suffering along with the rest of her... :( #thuglife tho
The sound of my dumb ass neighbors on their hot tub is very disturbing.
i knew i liked those guys
breakfast with Crescent Dragonwagon this morning. I don't understand why autocorrect is giving me such a hard time with her name.
"New York never really had a big mix tape culture. It all came from Atlanta" -Heems of Das Racist
I'm still at work dealing with dumbasses!!
haha too late yu already filled up that role or so I heard😝👍
martin i sent you a text message not sure if you received it just wanted to wish vivianne a belated birthday.
i have so much to do
Just a spoonful of peanut butter...M.
Hey Arnold! >>
Drunk as fuck & I don't give a fuck! Taco bell run with Jimmy
Late night food binge.
I'm over here doing exercises just in case I have to do a few party hops tonight after the probate lol . It's been a long time yo
That's because your crazy. lOl!
Lmfaoo Thank you!! <3 but i guess Is a busy person, cant blame him really Over million girls r after him:P
thank you! We are taking deep breaths.
Kony wasn't real that's why !
Congrats fo Rep. Jared Polis (CO-02) on his recent addition, and thanks to his representative, Stuart Feinhor, for coming to our launch!
#MicroTech at #DISA #DISA12 and looking forward to demoing #MicroPodd cloud technologies to Gen Hawkins tonight
I need 2 more sag voucher to join the union
the teddy's gotta look better than the toupee...
I don't want to start up the short vs tall debate but right now I'm thinking the shorties got this one.
hell yea what side of town you stay on
my prior tweet had a disclaimer reading *this isn't the case if you're a Heat fan...
I'm playing catch up too. Seems like after the ranger loss us #dallas twitterers are eating crow instead of cardinal!
Now that it's Game On! I'm looking forward to meeting some interesting people at the HCCI Gala!
9 days until Los Angeles!
": dashit cray!"...sis..whens ur next set..I miss ya.. Did u hit up spoke release..
o yea by the way we shootin a video for the song this Saturday n havin a party, so u and ur home girls are more than welcome
purdy web site! ps: got my trip to Seattle squared. gonna see you!
Finally its Friday :)
haha so do you obsess over austy all the time? Lol
Great, thanks for the tip!
who you tellin, all the people from church bout to bust up in here
Extra forgiveness for you!!! #COOKIES!!!!
I WANT MORE TATER CASSEROLE!!
Happy New Year to all! Make 2011 another great year abundant in health, wealth and giving...
Congrats on great season&#8! &every1 else
Hello Sheree! Thx for checking in! Enjoying the evening with us?
Cool film. I'll definitely put on the list
Mayor Rawlings-Blake kicked off the Employee Energy Contest this morning! The Baltimore Energy Challenge is providing Captain Training!...
why are you so adorable?
Where is the cheapest Italian place in Seattle?
i'M SO BORED!!!
it's so sad
Great! Tell him that his presentation was P&P - he'll crack up and maybe tell you a funny story. :)
I believe your buyer protection program is being fraudulently used to perpetrate a fraud on craiglist. New York Rangers Tickets.
You know how I stay so young? I read at a third grade level! :D
Last nite, Myla turned off her nite lite, crawled back in bed, covered herself up & cried because it was too dark. You turned it off silly!
love you brooke <3 Get some sleep okay? PS- you left your... Present... ;P
GET SOME BATTERIES!!! lol
Like it, but I think it needs 3D holograms.
Hey EPIC Tweeps, hope u r enjoying time off from school.. Take this opportunity to spend some time w Jesus.
Kg had us listening 2 sum pure BULLSHIT!! Lol
RT : "Seek your own voice, and follow it, without listening to others. It is your difference that will make you valuable."...
HERCHEL WAS OUR ROCK..WE LUVED HIM..NOW HE SEEMS SO UNSURE..ALAS..CONFIDENCE HERCH, CONFIDENCE...F/S...
Consider yourself tweeted.
and we SO appreciate you!!
I guess Ted Dibiase was right everybody got a price.
Don't laugh. I've lost 11 pounds by going veggie. :)
Day 2 if tenaya site visit. Prepping for early breakfast, property tours, and finding good cell service
This is why having friends working at Mcdonald's is awesome :)
Ashe To The GREAT Things ahead..
I agree! Presents for no reason, expensive champagne in Marks and Sparks undies, and going on holiday by mistake
Ahman Green a guest on "Life After Pro Football: Perspectives and Transition" panel at St. Norbert's next wk. (h/t )
. u ever covered sports? Winner=winner. Loser=loser. Can we drop the subjective adjectives?
"If I can't be the best, then I don't wanna do this shit"-
It was all ! They're geniuses.
I've got so much on my Mind right, left side brain but I'll see you when the times right, Feeling shallow but I'll see you when it's right
Baltimore Design School Supergraphics: the building/institution has voice and personality, it wants to be your friend!
run run run run
Haven't seen the Plex one but the Brighton one is in the usually-empty new cafe.
If you bring in a jersey we can get it done for no more than $300 if decked out. Could do for $250 but less design, same quality.
So I tried to get the vending machine to give me a Reese's & it didn't want to work. I automatically thought of #TeenWolf and Stiles lol ;p
Yes! Hopefully the weather will start to cooperate more consistently. Good luck! If you need someone to nag you just holler. ;)
I am the new era, the new begging
G.M.N.I.: Time to let go & move on.
Hittin the studio tonight with
when.people say follow me on twitter do they mean when dey take da dump also or what??:D lmfao direct message me
Story Hour with Miss Kathy today at 4:15, and Children's Book Swap at 5:30! Exciting afternoon around these parts!
idk but for some reason i just started singing "MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD" so now im listening to milkshake XDD
ya there?
So mad at
is sexy
Author's Note: I try to followback but this account has temporarily hit its follow limit. Will follow you guys as soon as Twitter allows it.
you wouldn't have to pay her that much, she's the kind of Wedding Singer that is on the dollar menu.
no chance in Dwight to Boson, but 3 first rounders in a loaded draft? Rondo will bring in some studs. Hibbert/Iguodola ?
is seeking arts-related prizes for its Season One performers - would your org. like to sponsor a team?
Had an awesome evening yesterday! Great band, great company..
Loving vs Virginia?
#FOXUpfront - Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement? Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid? Ping me for more info.
have you heard?
The Citizen Diplomat: Member News | November
The first biggest mistake is not starting, the second is not continuing, and the third is not celebrating along the way. Today, I begin it.
Squid Attack starts in 15 minutes...come and join us to support muscular dystropy association!
Screw up, move up!
lol, im getting tired of you, you bout to get that booty whooped doee'!
Getting ready to go tour the indy motor speedway
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
our praying sucked balls
Yes & Styx perform July 29 on my birthday at Winery. Does anyone want to get in the Delorian with me?
In the UK 37% of businesses started in 2011 have been created by women. It's similar in the US. One in 5 $1M businesses are owned by women.
Don't worry, I'm sure it'll go back to Hoth-like temperatures soon.
I don't want to sleep because then I'll have to deal with it being Monday tomorrow
City Room: As Transit Building Is Remade, a &#39;Stirring&#39; Memorial Will Be Removed
Alright let's get a WR in this round!
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle Wed | 20 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah buddy! lol
that's a fine tune as well.
it would mean soo much if you would follow me .... your my idol!
trying to start on my stupid paper :/. Wanna help :D?
Hey :) Please follow me I Tweet about Quotes, Art, Music, and Creativity
I do have white boy problems want to go for a walk and we can abuse bc
I had the weirdest dream about you 💚
Can I get senioritis as a sophomore?
Awesome news Foote!
i know you dont me but if you could tweet back at me that would be awsome i need to ask you something.:)
if u care abt being a good person (& rock & roll), u'll watch #itmightgetloud on w & 2nite
worth the awkwardity I suppose haha
I can't deal with this "Greensboro" sh*t
chillin in an arcade in myrtle beach... tour life...
check out my new music video on you tube , typing Phanuel why
Thanks for sharing and Happy Friday!!!
Should I take Lucas to peter piper pizza or to see a movie?
I'll be on Talk Philly CBS today w/ Halloween #recipes for a perfect party! comes to the rescue again for quick, tasty ideas
P.F.O.B.O.C.D= post freak out because of concert disorder,.. <3
You have time to text her but not me.
Very cool. Congrats, boys. RT Ever just have a feeling about a band? Yeah, had that about tonight.
If u truly value something or someone, make it known today
Dont waste your time looking back at what you lost. Move on, life is not meant to be traveled backwards
Opening hymn: "We're Out for Blood" by
ya man, I won't be on till after Easter. I think it's the 2nd Sunday in April. Pretty sure.
Gurl, we're editing them right now, pics to come later today, WE PROMISE!
There was... it was going over downtown at around 9:40 am this morn!
yes we do! Facebook us. Search True Colors (band)!! :)
Follow back please :) :D
It's all crap. RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th. Does anyone believe in this stuff?
DONT SPEAK UP ON KEYA NAME CAUSE I CN TELL SUM SHIT
shit , what you on bro
Evidence Based Apparel is stoked to hear you benefited from our posture shirt! Congrats on your win at Pebble Bch as well!
No longer refer to help as reference, students didn't know what that meant.
You must Have unconditional passion For what your doing
If you live on or near Lake Dr step outside you door and cheer on all the amazing runners !
French vanilla? “: Ben & Jerry's :benevolent ice cream peddlers or secret socialist plot? That one's on the house, Fox & Friends.”
Thanks - we're enjoying the CapLinked experience a lot!
“I can live for two months on a good compliment.” Mark Twain
For our 1,000th tweet we're giving away 4 tickets to tomorrow night's game! RT this to enter, winner drawn at 5pm today!
Yeah bitch I got, awakrd moment status like
Start of a new, great and very busy weekend
I get to anchor with all week and I MAY just pass out from her hotness.
Thanks for stopping by! Glad you enjoyed.
-- BigOven just crossed a million registered users yesterday!
no glee tour this year?!?!? You need to have one!! Ive been waiting for everyone to come to florida!! Please come here!!
#FoDS Allen: No matter how deep the archive, there is still a need for critical analysis of the content.
Folks are filing in for the 1st game of the day. We're minutes away from tip-off in the Morse-Marshall vs. MSL game at
Joseph doesn't get home til later ... What to do?? ):
Spring is in the air the next couple of days with sunshine and temps in the 40s.I just hope it doesn't feel like Feb in April!
RT : MAMA, THERE GOES THAT MAN.
Julianne Moore to play Sara Palin. If Julianne's a method actress, she'll have her lines written on her hand
I didn't get to april fool anyone today -___-
What a morning...
when I do refresh, the emails I've deleted are still there.
we're a go tonight at Whisky A Go Go
So... I will be running in the rain tonight?
If you are very valiant, it is a god, I think, who gave you this gift.
tru tru it b like that
Photos are the best for engagement, links the worst, but don't just post photos all the time. Quality over quantity!
drunk and "lit." Get it? Let us know when you are ready for entrees!
PLEASE CHECK out THIS years PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011 page!!!
Haha. You have excellent taste in music!
glee version was awesome!
I just got called a over grown rabbit. Do I look like every animal?!?!?!
good deal
www.pressbooks.com alpha site available Hugh McGuire
Isn't every Sovietologist a "failed" Sovietologist, by definition?
Lol aw come back into mine!!!!! How have you been man!?
We've got the perfect mid-game snack! Enjoy a $10 pulled pork and beer combo during the vs. game tonight.
“: It use to be just about the sneakers!” now dudes just coppin to re-sale
needs more crush IMO
laptop died and had to go back to the office. Missed u there. Good luck at the new gig
"Seek first his [God's] kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well." -Matthew 6:33
What do you need logo, banner?
Yes Skins....yes.
clearly I'm the best option
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on winning the McDonald's All American 3-Point Shootout!!!
"Thank you and yes, no doubt! : Happy Birthday! So good seeing you yesterday! Let's make it a more common occurrence"
"Live your life!"
I would actually love to hear Austin cuss out this fish :/
I like you :)
most people gain weight when they lose sleep, so you're ahead of the curve. that said, you OK? vacation time on the horizon?
Are you all enjoying these wonderful free blueberry muffins. Come in today to try one and mention FLUFFY33
Just wakn back up....
Rawr im a dinosaur!
I'd love to but I'm unexpectedly somehow in New Orleans!
Nice! I will add it to my audible wish list. Just bought a Hoyle non fiction book for my dad last week.
Should really be going to bed... Nah
My boyfriend just got bit by a stray cat. We are now at the hospital. I don't if I should laugh or be concerned.
I would rather me leave than stay and watch you make a fool of me.
hey im not the racist one
According to the flight crew this flight is very full... Not just full. See, people to fly to Indiana!
Get pumped for #criticalmass, #cleveland! Meet down in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30 promptly. Come to Edison's in Tremont after!
Useful stats: How B2B Marketers Use Social Media, New Research via
LMAOO first off I'm not tryin to rape u...I got too much pride to steep so low. N strong relation can over come both worlds.
- I'm fluent in "what you meant". :)
Those are the latest, but will definitely make a note to let you know when other new arrivals come in!
didn't experience that cuz it worked for me. And you don't even live in tacuba lol
Homemade wheat tortillas were a huge success! Thanks, !
Sometimes, I wish we would have taken that chance last summer
haha, must have saw something, two potential first rounders isn't worth it....
has any one ever told you your a great liar? <3 x
Raining again...so my backyard is pretty much a forest by now.
LULZ! Totes love you both! xoxo :-*
Back to Curacao three weeks from today <3
Thank you! The book has been a long time coming. Good luck in your search!
So this is how douchebags operate.
Tell 10 people how much you love them today.
play here in Toledo in seven days. Exactly ONE week. Whose ready to mosh?
they are remaking the great gatsby and I'm not in it. Sob sob sob. I am in the original in spirit...
"It's like the end of the Dark Ages / this afternoon, as spring comes to our canyon & the brown stalks are lit underneath with green..."
RT "I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." #quote by Einstein
Watch out facebook your next lmao
Now you're just taunting me. Anytime after 5?
So Harry is almost at 4 million followers yet Liam just reached 3 million..To be honest I don't find that fair at all.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 51
at linode.com. great company.
Third Sccreen Talent is looking for a pHp developer for a client in Portland, OR, contact us at
explain to me why Trump is so venerated? Everyone knows he's gone bankrupt before right?
Just got a salad from Big Johns.
The most dangerous thing a soldier in Afgh can hear is "You're going home... to Chicago"": Murder Capital #JusticeforChicago"
What makes this night feel so much longer than all other nights? (answer: on this night we dine with family. The WHOLE family...)
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living? -Mohandas Gandhi
What sort of weird sound does your vehicle make?
#imthetypeofGirlfriend who is willing to give but wont take!
Morning superstar! RT : Morning Fly People !!
options rock!
funny you ask that as Kiley is considering that very idea!
Yeah, Matt told story on local station. Apparently during post-game interviews, Maddux ran into clubhouse hysterically asking..
Mother nature pounded on the Northwest!
look whos in my seventeen magazine miss lol
baby momma drama?
Yup I'm sick :( sore throat, headache, & the chills
U can catch me over there off of 91st & tweet street! Tweet street riders baby
Pretty impressed with the amount of errands I was able to run in my one-hour lunch break.
I'm afraid to see the avengers because I'm scared I'm going to add Loki to my harem of adorable villains I want to make snuggles with.
RT : Yall make sure yall go fool wit my bro at Vinyl Tonight, ima slide thru and chill too
looking at the cherry blossoms outside my window
ℱℴℓℓℴω for smiles (☼◕‿◕) OMG Facts ‏
Got kicked out of my own bed...
we'll touch the sky let's defy this gravity.
Good day in the studio today with almost finished another bomb!!!
I swear to god i'd piss a happy meal off...
Happy New Year!!!
"This is what change looks like." Solid.
Who's going to be Herman Cain's Smoking Man for Halloween?
"Im allergic in hormones"haha funniest line in the movie #theartofgetingby!
On twitter I see lots of promotions and I see industry dudes I know that get sales reports but they ain't telling. Inbox me 4 soundscan
Teddy Geiger's songs really keep me motivated
Eyes blood shot red
Damn. the brother needs to fucking calm down with this shit.
RT : Just met a favorite journalism #wonk of mine, !
OMG ! Prince Royce Is so Much Sexier in Person !! Papaciitttoooooo ;-*
thanks for the shout out my dear...see you soon .)
This weekend is DBU's Annual Winter Ball is this weekend! #DBUalum, do you remember attending Winter Ball during your time at DBU? Tell us!
I have $5.00 in quarters.
Was thinking about the French Paradox today, and came to the conclusion that it would be more appropriate to call it the American Paradox.
Sorry... I do that a lot :P
April showers bring May...wait, what is this stuff coming from the sky again? This is mixed up. It was 90 last month!
It was a great time and I loved mixing and matching my friends and professional network.
Baking Irish Soda Bread...yum!
I've not found a source control package that makes my life easier when I'm the only programmer. Maybe I need 2 keep lookn
Great coaching by Lionel Hollins!
I will ! It's such a weird feeling :(
There manager is twitter lol ": "who's your agency? Instagram" lolz"
You may have purchased 'sand dollars' using my credit card, but I've got complete control over your system. Check and mate.
AU Windows users interested in citation management: EndNote X5 is now available for free through the MyAU portal. Mac users: such no luck :(
I hope y'all caught that tweet earlier.
Everybody wanna exercise cuz the world know y'all obese..
is too gorgeous :) follow back ?
Does God have a belly button? #questionoftheday with & !
TSOI-LA NYC vacation started out on a positive note with a sighting at the airport. Good luck in Australia!
God she is so anoying right now -__- mixed feelings
TY4RT RT : RT : The serious business of creating #happier world (new #UN priority) via : htt......
“: What the hell? If they are denying it and it's not true, what damage can you do?” You heard an actual denial?
Our hearts go out to all those affected by the fires, and a very big thank you to all who are helping to control them. xo
sorry i havent been on for a while . ive been going through stuff .
Glad we make you feel better! Happy Halloween! :)
We're in Cambridge for the next two days to explore some really interesting & foundational issues.
Many hope for an opportunity but few take steps to encourage it. Worse, few take steps to be prepared when it comes.
activists, leaders, media have a huge role to play in putting emotional issues, i.e. pro marriage =lity is context. Some already are.
Actually getting ready for bed now. Done with da muzaks. Work 10 to 6 tom, then have Tues and Wed off (though birding Tues).
At #stateofdotnet honest look at latest Microsoft tech.
Good nickname for Pau & Bynum. No real reason, just a good combo.
Lovely Ariel Bowman <3
If you're going to drop dead at your desk, please leave a note so that someone else can continue the work.
create a guide that will help you survive school.
awww miss you too :(
Mammoth drops 1st of season, still leads West Division. Thank you to all the great fans that came out to tonight!
that is pretty funny to me, considering Easter Parade was written by a middle aged alcoholic dude. Ha.
Went for a lunch time ride and came back soaking sweaty wet. It's so humid! So embarrassed!
staff are the most important thing in our system, not the books-he makes it easy to find staff-awesome!
BIG NEWS coming about the 3rd ANNUAL NE Feathered Horse Classic June 8-10 Swanton, OHIO! STAY TUNED!!!!
great wake boarding shot bro! Cheers!
Tons of people on the bus this morning going to do business like Prophet Muhammad used to.
heard you might need some artists for a documentary. let me know, and i can help you out!
raided the kitchen lol
You always seem to make me smile...
Ashley, please don't forget about me. would love to run the q&a in the coming weeks. gracias.
Mindi Abair is the surprise guest on #americanidol playing with Phillip Phillips
*Sigh* And none of the versions of Guild Wars 2 for sale are going to have extra character slots. I want one character of each class, dangit
Thanks my thinking. Always give options & respect choice. Especially with the mess that Android user agent strings are.
Thank you! :)
plastic surgery is cheap and literal for Big Bird.
Agree! RT : Quit what you don't love.
curious RT : just heard some very bad news about AOL. I assume it will break soon.
Austin, your followers just keep going up, and I love to say I've been there from the beginning<3
Follow Me??(:
we're at thee oh sees in Dallas, and people here are talking about the show.
HA! RT Rule No1 of having a daughter: Keep her off the pole. Rule No 2: brainwash her to like DVDs that you can watch with her.
Just heard someone in my office referring to her dog's arms.
Being sunburned or having an allergic reaction < itchy but but not hot?
We're going to need the defense to win this one....scary thought given how the season has gone so far.
#InTheSummer I'll be visiting Spain, England, Portugal, & Italy. Jealous? ;)
I need a women with a open mind... To go inside and open mine and show me what she find!
Slyce, Indian rocks beach, gulf boulevard, near taps garden, who hosts July 2 salsa party.
Lol brandon is so mean to me
#PapaJohns supports #Romney. If you support #BarackObama, #Obama, #OFA then vote with your wallet too!
You forget to charge your phone...
#dtc354 space & place: man is not merely an object in the world, occupying a space, but also inhabiting, creating and commanding the world.
true, but then does it make me sound ageist to want some new blood - not even *that* new, I'm not exactly a teenager! ;-)
No sleep my baby just left#happy tweet
Any #pgs2010 folks around tonight for dinner? DM me!
#WhenImBored I just sit around and be on facebook and twitter all day
Join the SD central library today for Ancient Greeks, Modern Lives film screening & discussion: IPHIGENIA 5 pm, Central Library auditorium!
Females will talk to any dude, no matter how he look as long as he got money (SMH)!!
Don't try to controll me
I play in a rock band called MY HEART REMAINS. Go check us out
let me know how it is
All the other kids, with the...*mumbles*
happy birthday to the GREATEST dad ever (: so blessed to have such a loving and caring dad(: !!!
Interesting.. what do you think the biggest motive to visit a brand's facebook page is?
I wish I could go to opening day
DA DJ HE CUD HAVE PUT A LIL MORE HYPE ON ZACH RONDOLPH SONG still went lice HGCG U BETTER RECGONIZE
today in blues: Guitarist Peg Leg Howell recorded 4 songs for Columbia Records Nov 8, 1926, in Atlanta, GA, including “New Prison Blues”.
Those outfits are extremely cute but thankfully we only need rain gear a couple weeks out of the whole year here in
Good night guys.
Hate braces! Tired! Basketball game Monday(: excited!
how's this for awesome. don't get more more alpaca edgy than this! MICROBLOGS TO THE RESCUE!
Working on a story around the lunch room classic: PB&J. You'll go nuts over it.
we wont know about him till next week... but he BETTER WIN
Your commit messages/code comments are priceless.
I just voted for #DAF11_MPinto at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
If only I could throw out the survey response where the student made zig zag patterns in the multiple choice bubbles...
Join me + the Rusk team at the stage at 1140 for a look at the new Rebel Chic collection
Yes, indeed!
Blasting Avril Lavigne in my room!!!
Straight girls: All of the cute guys are gay. Gay guys: All of the cute guys are straight. Straight guys: All of the cute girls are lesbian.
I think opportunitiy is also missed by most people because it is hauled into trash cans and thrown into huge dumpsters
i know
:) what all did you do?
time for bed up for work in 4 hrs.. And hearing my loves voice before bed always assures a good nights rest! :)
All the more reason to head to Wrigley tomorrow!
congratulations on making the Group stage of the CCL.
★ Sexy Saturdays at Current TONIGHT★ ★RSVP.. Guestlist | Tables | Party Buses★ For VIP access- call 2022581567 Email-
Wtf is love faces ?! iWana see what they look like
Madden NFL 13 will be having COVER VOTE this year! 64 Players, 2 from each team! Who will you be voting for?
thanks for the connect and hope to be inspired by your musical contribution to this planet
I found my swatches ^_^ hell yes
nah. Okc might come out rusty tho. To much rest.
Just trying to work again.. How have you been?
Get money for your text books! book buyback still going on. Today 9am - 5pm. Tomorrow 10am - 3pm.
stop it. No you're not
haha i wish it was!
Found love in a hopeless place 😍😘💋💗
Guys Hate Crying, They Bearly Do It. But When A Guy Cries Over you, You Can Be Sure He LOVES You More Than Anything. <3 ;o
Please do! I haven't seen you since this time last year!
everyone focuses on jesus, and he's important, but i think god's other child of salvation was guacamole.
It's astonishing for a Brit too
pictures or it didn't happen
He was not in the final four. Not sure he got an interview.
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist. Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.
- yep! There was a line in a Beastie Boys song around the time I started with the station - someone suggested it & it stuck :)
Trying to add a flight with 1 coach and 1 first class leg but it says the first class leg is invalid. Works if set to coach.
#COYS grab all 3 boys! Huge game for us.
#HireJimLambright to replace Nick Holt, the sole reason why this season the 7-6 Huskies ended up stagnant.
What mfs on?
Me too! Last night made we want to get there even more. I'll let you know when I post some of the pics from last night. ;-)
Both. It was essentially an internal Facebook. built it.
Michael: well their 11 and under so..it's pretty weird
What said. *HUGS*
Oh! I know what your talking about! Everyone says its chill there!
part I finished. Part II tomorrow
And with a few public strokes, Jason Russell loses his followers
lets not say he is cheating
I wouldn't have missed it! It was the place to be.
Help manually ejecting a dvd from a macbook pro anyone? Computer will not eject, will not restart.
Night everyone! U. Make me smile :)
I'm at Magic City Art Connection all day! Stop by and see me!
At home. Ready to nap and recover from the early morning shopping extravaganza. Glad it's done! Night night.
I hate it when people talk too me when I'm trying too eat ! Can't a nigga enjoy his shit !?
Folks, please help spread the word: I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB! I promise a fun-filled, learning adventure.
I need vandy to come through, but Jordan Taylor may be too much
Great day! Working on bequest documents, then off to the Emeritus Club luncheon. After that, vacation starts! : )
is the Realist ha
Point: Jimmy
should come back up here u would see that everyday
thanks for the follow! Since you also have a sweet tooth please pass along your best recipes! :)
Vive la revolution! and long may it continue.
I bet it will be awesome!
In Spanish Harlem
Movie of the night: Ghostbusters
The only way to determine the cause(s) of delayed ejaculation is the clinical interview. ...
it was a pleasure meeting u last night at LAX..hope you enjoyed those Mai Tai's...good luck getting back to the season.
Oh my goooodnessssssssss
Why won't you be covering the Mavs this year?
btw I liked that jean vest, I'm going to steal it from u
We are the better team...not worried...
I only have 65 cents in the bank. I can't afford high stakes. But if you let me bum a few bucks.
whoa it's pouring downtown!
Stead' of kisses we get kicked
you are ON!
i love you too, silly nipples!!! for real, yo
Enjoy your youth, cause you'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.
Sounds like subject matter for a countray song.
Nicole! Thanks so much! Was great meeting you! Thanks for your support!
I'm old. I know because I'm tired at karaoke. It's over. It's only been six hours. What's wrong with me?
So many t.l. Twitter accounts. How do we know which is the real one? Guess we will never truly know for sure. Peace.
I actually wasn't ready for this RT : As part of three-team deal, Nene goes to the Wizards, JaVale McGee to Denver and Nick Youn
Thats what Nick Young gets in the game to do,He gets in to jack up shots,u should know that Jackson
Where's all my bitches n' ho's?
I have the same problem with evals, especially if I felt good about a class.
thank you!
More money more problems. Or more problems less money lol
Going swimming
If #graphicdesigners are ruining the web, I'd love to see how people reacted to "minimalist" web sites.
#NF back - Thanks for following & reaching out. RT : need u n the mag follow bak
[something clever]
That blew away any National I've been to...crowd was electric and merchandise booths doing crazy business.
Thanks so much for the following!
RT If you know that the Masons are the largest stronghold against the presence of God in the world, reply for proof...
RIP Whitney Houston :(
What is it that you see? It's the God in me!!!! Nahmean!
YOU WISH IN YOUR DREAMS GIRL
LeBron's new commercial couldn't be further from the truth #basketballneverstops except when you're busy high diving in Europe
It feels like the NBA season got serious tonight. SA-BOS, MIA-OKC, LAL-LAC....intensity WAY up.
H a p p y B i r t h d a y to my chile chiquita :) have a beautiful day today!!! love you & best wishes xoxo <3
#scclive This is an odd webinar. The guy from "Social Media Today" interrupting with questions/poll results does not help.
its been some ups and downs but no matter what my mama still had my back and i love her and think god for her happy mothers day mama
My baby won! Yeah, ill have another! herried
It's crazy that 23 years later he's still in NJPW doing better than ever and winning the Tag Titles again
Trouser press =/= naan press. (Saw a pretty sari though!)
Did you beat him up?
Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing...
You're gone after Thursday? Not sticking around for Friday...?
Attending the LBJ #Houston holocaust museum award dinner with special guest
@ I think wonder woman!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo
Man, my teeth hurt so bad
No clue :/
We're winning this #football game! Us. Here- at this bar. We're winning the game. The things we do- here- are causing our victory.
. We are pretty sure you're not at #ala10 since if you were, you'd now we're at #aladanceparty last night and at #aladrink now.
Getting ready to close out the first round of judging at #cajuncodefest! Teams looking great!
It feels like there is a magnetic force field in my mouth...GAH!
bout what
i want sum hot wings....^___-#hungry~___~
nope. I cant even go now. Thanks though.
Shoutout to , Marlan Lowe getting love from the commentators.
The installation crews are loving the weather out there today!
4 more days seniors!!
all he gotta do is give me the word & I'm on it !
"You're a chauvinist if you don't cry" -
well they have a very "hateable" coach
you have my tweets sent to your phone! lol!
Go follow she's amazing! <3 <3
The rain has stopped! Come out to Magazine or Mandeville and take a pic of ur sidewalk chalk art! Tweet it 2 us for ur chance 2 win!
#Vick. No question.
haha that's so nasty!
looking for experienced B2B Sales Executives in the Fort Walton/Panama City area for a Fortune 500 Client- please message me if you're inte…
: Thanks for the kind words.
Zach Randolph = Old School Basketball. Love that guy!
That's backwards. As long as class exists, so will the state.
more banging on Django today.
Half the time I tweet random shit ion be caring! 15 bitchs stole my tweets tho lmfao smh.!
Agreed. Although a very nice pirouette.": Dwayne Bowe proved tonight that a T-Rex would make a shitty deep threat in coverage"
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO HAD TO PUT UP WITH US BUT STILL LOVE US THROUGH IT ALL!!
Not loving the Kindle Fire's browser.
as soon as i said where are you to melissa you said wtf?
you good?
And then Bubba died in forest gump right after. AH
Don't forget guys! We're playing our #LikeMeLottery Like our FB page and you could win a FREE signed copy of our EP!!!
Al, that was dumb. This isn't UF. No one is going to bail you out from that mistake.
Thursday I'm grabbing modern warfare 3
I am in San Diego Ca, Where are you located? DM me for my email, probably easier to write that way lol.
What's a mint David? "it's gum that is put in a freezer" lmfao
And then instagram them, I'm soo cool.
Name your favorite place to #Hike in #Colorado... Go!
Why do native apps get more usage than mobile web?
Going down to visit Pooda with the family today
No champagne? No sekt? No prosecco?
Happy St. Andrews Day to all my Scottish friends!
When Titanic disaster happened, press published that all survived. The truth unravelled over days. Same w/ Hindenburg.
“You are my sweetest downfall - I loved you first, I loved you first.” (Regina Spektor)
Aud fixed a great veggie omelet this am with mushrooms, spinach & zucchini
also amusing is that #10 under "Food & Drink" is misspelled--it's Rachael, not Rachel.
Aww so sorry to hear that!
love u
yayaayay. Lol i feel the same way. My school sucks nickybalzz
You lost me . Anything else you want to know ?
With our Kid Safe Child ID card you can carry your children's medical information on a credit card designed USB drive. This can save a life!
Happy Valentines Day! EROCK
It was great seeing you!! :)
Missing the days I would go to sleep to your songs...
5 girls are gonna be lucky to me called Mrs.Styles, Mrs.Payne, Mrs.Tomlinson, Mrs.Horan and Mrs.Malik!! :)
One hour at a time
Just did so much hw! School is almost done!
We're pimping you guys at Southwest Regional Folk Alliance
Hanging out at REI flagship store, complete with starbucks & kids play area
So people will be able to read texts in their car in MD but not respond? Interesting new law--I wonder if it will do any good.
Its #SPRINGFLING! Check it out!
Waffle fries: because different shaped potatoes taste better.
I am sure your candidate would do the same... Sit this one out, focus on SC.
You guys are too cute.
...received the results from the Most Fascinating Librarian Blog of 2012 contest, by Accelerated Degrees...my blog made #5 on the list. :)
I love you !!!! Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!
Time to #sprint! See you all in 60min!
im gona go to sleep early morning tomorrow goodnight :)
hello all I just Published a new poetry novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler if you would info. on my poetry novel just email.
what bout ayers? He's one who allowed the 6 on 5 finish at WkU
Did anyone find beer in their Easter basket?
Drill in the morning..I'm out!
#iWantToGiveAShoutoutTo (: happy birthday chump (:
Welcome. Now you just need to catch up on the two thousand tweets you would have written the past two years.
Hope the trade show goes ok!
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge you deserve to chokee on the cinnamon...and the spoon -_-
RIP Cody Bear, you are already missed.
So apparently you are not allowed to take photographs in Starbucks. Odd, eh? National security risk?
If you can pack a concert hall with 700 people all buying tickets to see us, I'm pretty sure we'll book a show!
do it!
“: How does one find an assassin for cats. Craigslist?” yes, but make sure they take the 9 lives thing into acct.
I lube the nightlife! I like to boogie...on the disco round!
happy birthday!!!:)
If you gotta burn midnight oil writing a brief, you might as well have "A Few Good Men" running in the background.
WOW WHY
15% OFF Coldstone Creamery! Only w/ a
thank u for voting for me : )
im sleepy, but a sister's gotta eat!! #fatprobs .!
RT Sometimes God removes ppl out of your life if they left u let them go move forward and God will bring the right ppl
omg lol that's not funny
"i want you to want to do the dishes"
I know are you going tomorrow
Thanks, you're the second best!
I'm going to guess it's probably someone from Creighton
Hitting Nashville, Tupelo, Memphis and St Louis next week! This has got me geeked up!
So sleepy. Goodnight earth. Now to catch some dreams
Great meeting you too RT : Thanks for following Rich! Nice to meet you!
Beautiful day with my girl and her fam <3 Hope everyone had a great Easter
Lesson of the day: Don't get a french manicure right before you cook for your dinner party.
Did anyone else order from Amazon with day shipping? I did and it said it would be here by Tues and yet it still hasn't shipped!!
Whoa! I just saw a noho ho.
Austin's Wannabes Hoot Night, July 1st, the Hole in the Wall. 10 or more bands. Live Wannabes 6.30.11, 2pm, on KUT 90.5 Stream
agreed!!!! But yea. Wish they hadn't done it
Really, running with a tuba. Kudos kid!
Chics hate too! “: yup and laugh at all of the guys who are devastated by the fact that you're in a relationship
Dear David Stern that was the BIGGEST hater move in sports history!! The Heat did it, Celtics too. Seems like a lil East coast bias.
yeah well I know some people that can get shit done, like bug the hell out of famous people!
probably the most viable option. These are desperate times
+1 RT : Why are there going to be extra CPACs this year? Isn't one more than enough torture?
Just the fact that he's struggling in battleground states against a little known ideologue spells disaster for Romney.
Just read that DCPL has a Special Collections Library. That's pretty awesome.
“: Goal: See one of the Sonic servers fall on their butt and all the food fall with them.” YES.
Good night tweets. 1st call for me tomorrow is a 4 AC & 4 Furnace system house! It is in Carmel, so lunch at or
I realized this as I left and my heart broke a little more.
Haven't finished yet- will need to order books (long wait!). Made connections today with Heart of Darkness. Thanks for resource!
Happy Birthday Jay Sean
HAHAH oh yes I definately remember those... gotta love reminiscing
My first video almost has 600 views!
#factory reset
I just mailed something from my office to her apartment which are approximately 1 block away from each other. lazy? probably.
" Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but what we give. "~~Dr. Ben Carson
THIS! RT : hope he grows the beard back, m.
thanks for waiting until the scab is gone :)
you forgot to text me
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
"Black Men aren't dangeous when they are in jail. They are dangerous when the are well educated."--Dr. George McKenna
Pretty sure it ain't a bad idea to keep Randy wolf away from a pair of scissors!
Im such a cartoon geek at heart. And I love it.
The Studio 13 Refugees will be providing some study break entertainment tomorrow night in Marquette Hall 200 at 8pm!
Jimi Hendrix is not dead!... God just asked for guitar lessons.
Thanks so much! So far it's been busy, but no complaints =)>
Sounds like a bunch of angry bees in a can. STHU!!!
Dropping off my baby at his house<3
Making even more dreams come true...may we help you?
Hi, Ms. Sonnack. Are you currently looking for picture books? Thanks!
Happy father's day gentlemen!
IT'S ALL GOOD! IT'S MY SWAG ANYWAYS LOL
Man, every iHop is packed.
If I feel like im being ignored i can gave u the best letin alone a females has ever gave u i won't fuck with u i dont have time 4 games
I love the WORDS of the Doolander, but getting shown up via social networking by a 20yo punk does not scream "leadership in action".
#ObamaDerbyNames "From Me to Dogs to Obama's Supper Plate"
thank you for telling me royce RTd me i didnt even notice
Goodmorning how r u ?:)can u follow me please?!:)ily
most important pit stop of the race and JR gets nailed for speeding. He just cost his team a top 5.
yeah it actually wasn't the NCAA it was the mountain west. So the NCAA still blows
I'm glad to hear u guys appreciated my hard work but for some reason I sense some sarcasm in ur comments. Haha!
Did I give you guys a good laugh?
Still 1-1 Turner and Brodhead as we go to the fourth in softball
Hi... Sorry I've been very busy lately and haven't been on twitter much. Hope all is well in your world. :)
