how far you heading for today?
*blush* Thanks so much for the shout out and for visiting this weekend! What did you have?
'We've traced the call.He's calling from the attic on a cell phone! Get out of the house!' -another great plot device killed by technology.
Oh which ones?
you're welcome. if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask =)
10 presale RT : I will definitely be there. How much are tickets?
Gotta charge my phone.
haha! Are you gonna listen tomorrow morning cuz?
havent had dinner yet the securiy guard lady brought my wife snack
Self righteousness will only take you to the end of your own nose!
40 minutes to go. Let's do this.
Can't get enough of KISS
What's happening, beautiful. Have a Rocking Weekend! \m/
Q7. Best connection you've made on Twitter
We Aint Openin' Them Gates Of Heaven Up! For One Another
attending "Engaging Communiutiesa, Promoting Learning at NYPL - waiting for first session: "Libraries and Education"
Follow for a free cookie in the mail.
Happy Valentine's Day! Love yourself enough to switch over to mostly organic groceries in your home. Who's with me?
Me at school ... IN CLASS: "I'll just do this at home." AT HOME: "I'll just do this in class."
Yaah me too X | IDK why I can't sleep RT": sure :D me too -_- i cant sleep -_-"
I'm going to watch Titanic Saturday . I'm hoping it doesn't sink this time !
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys! Does that deserve a follow? 3
haha! I knew I forgot something!!
More art discoveries
As far as "preparedness" goes in blackout, I only have a flashlight app and it help me find my iPad so I can watch Vampire Diaries
Dinner and movies with best friend :)
it looks very, very exciting. I'm sorry to miss it!
Ughh I love how our conversation only gets as far as hey:| bitch bake me a cookie
I like "going big" but lately, it just rarely is working out.
congrats on the launch of 2.0!
Listening to Erykah badu.. The other side of the game...
Well I'm off! Be back later!
you can ride the to #plbo 6 tomorrow...the night owl #21 will be running too for all of you who want kick back sweet tea & ades :)
Wow .. Jeffery just spilled the teachers coffee all over his stuff ..
Drunk Edyta folds all of her clothes before passing out so that sober Edyta doesn't have and OCD freak out! Love her
Could there be a nicer day for the #IHJJRTweetUp or what? Come do some day drinkin with us at Little Havana!
Good. lol Im glad that everything went okay :)
"Excuse me your a hell of a guy,you know i really got a thing for american guys"
Wait, Haden is in TJ today?
so best. I just dipped in coffee and powdered sugar just for you.
In SF Chinatown, just had some yummy dimsum and tons of fruit and veggies..Happy!!
And also he's everything tht a girl can ask 4 & he's so polite patient but he may have imperfections which makes him perfect
YES. On the Quadrilogy box set on DVD and the Legacy set on Blu. 18 times better than the theatrical edit.
You have to walk that mile in the worn in, comphy shoes. Not the fancy dress shoes.
Time to blow out some candles, Two birthdays in the studio today!
Weird - that's twice on my feed tonight.
I'll try to pick it up. Loved the 'Great Dictator', 'Modern Times'. I've been a bit of a Chaplin freak since college.
worried for her on Celeb app.
Hey I'm good at algebra....I can replace your X ;)
I need a hero to save me now
This old guy down the hall is totally sleeping in his office. It makes me smile, and want to take a nap in my office.
Whenever I try to study, I always end up lying on my bed doing random stuff.
How is Ian Darke taken seriously by so many?He's constantly way over the top. Annoying.
So Far The #Grammys are on point!!
Thx Angela! RT Congrats & a hearty #FF to local artist - music was featured on Y&R recently. Check him out!
Yesterday my bagel shop accepted payment from my ATM card via Fast and easy. First sighting in Montose, CA.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself. -Aeschylus.
We would love to be featured on CBS4!
Morning twitter
I really like this shot of u
Gracias! RT : Congratulations on the wonderful article in the Houston Chronicle today!
I think ten minutes is the maximum time you can take to text me back if you want to have a text relationship with me
we feel the same about you - thanks for the long-standing support!
Ugh you sound like your bragging.
how could I ever be mad at either of you. Don't ever take anything mean I say seriously. Ever. And bo
Dear GUYS: when a girl says their cold, your not supposed to say "me too"
Thanks for coming to our #CCYD mixer!
me as well, saints will have to score 35 to win
gained 60K new customers the first "12 Hours of Twitter" virtual holiday event.
Wow these boys at my school r bitches. They don't say anything when you r around them but once yu leave they start talking
Screams Brassow every time he blocks a shot
RT : My God! Wolf Blitzer just used a word cloud to analyze Tiger Woods' statement!
Calling it
“: How to hypnotize a cat.” Ah yes! Brother is #boss!
let's see, think i have it...after I met IRL, started following her, saw u on her feed! I know, great story!
can def have more, sometimes I have even 50! They're high in calories but that doesn't necessarily mean they're bad for you!
's a Tweef: (n) 1. Mike Heller 2. One who steals another's tweet & tweets it as original.
thanks...have you heard the new stuff? W.soundcloud.com/thejoband/messenger
Tony Nama tomorrow morning :) I'm pulling for and
I like the idea of having a chess set out in the Library
Pahaha let's hope so! Curse you AJ bass!!
Who has psn an wants to play please add me or tell me ur name an ill add u my tag is peyton112
When you buy chocolate you know precisely where the ingredients originated. Workers are paid a living wage and it's delicious!
I'm thinking Thai Food tonight might actually sound good.
really? Lol good... Think we should probably get engaged and married sometime you know just a thought
like overalls and bangs and leather jackets and Kareem Abdul Jabbar!
aren't they all like that though?
are you good with 4 inch heels?
I know they were having trouble keeping a steady feed for some reason in Nashville TN.
The whole city gonna be there lbs
Rain no one likes you go away!
May your surgery go very well and recovery swift. *hugs*
We are curious to know...Should we add #smokingcessation to our program?
bundle up and head on over for #brunch--bloody marys and caramelized banana french toast are waiting for you. see you at 11.
i almost didn't tweet that because i knew you'd get on me
Eye heard though the vine I was only half right about Hudson and dead on about Sharon!
When you can't stop smiling >
Haha! We didn't see any other option for Spread Eagle, Greenbush. Then again we're slightly immature.
Sitting with handsome editing Body Scapes video! is such a smart cookie. just shines with beauty.
#HappyMothersDay Thank you for your love, patience and unforgettable smiles growing up.
Thanks for the follow, I promise to not get lost. good luck on those cassette bootlegs.
and every show starts out as an idea. Col Legno, will end as an inspirational legend.
Misspelled museum goer as museum gore, whoops! Funny / awkward typo.
Just realized that with my hair up, and with this white sweater, I've been inadvertently rocking a Princess Leia look. All day.
September 30, 2002 - February, 3, 2012: "[I] have heard the chimes at midnight."
Rehearsals underway for this Saturday's performance of Mahler's Symphony #2 with the at the Smith Center. Excited 2 B part of it!
now following .. so freaking sexy.
Agents at check-in wouldn't allow people to move forward to help them catch their flights.It was taking 15 min per person to re-book
do you wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk about austin we can do Q & A we can do whatever please cause im really bored
saw a $35000 engagement ring. It didn't look like it just came out of a crackerjack box. More like what the core of Faberge egg should be.
Boy workin OT, I'm makin a raspberry tart 4 the 4th. Sure wish someone would make me a cocktail. But then there's my fetus, so that's out...
“: Adele's ex is somewhere sharing a Bud light with JK Rowlings' ex, mad as HELL!”
there you are too Eva! What brought you to twitter?
Can't stop thinking about a beach vacation this June... planning is in the WORKS! Just me and the kids!
So , who wants to give me a ride home from school tomorrow??
When will i ever need y=x2(tan)5
Dumb deal.
But of course! :) I recommend everyone do the 24 day challenge! I use a lot of product! Got me stage ready for sure!
dannnggg lol! Well I doubt that he chose which ones go in anyway. :P and NO you don't! I would say something
I love that you have a trampoline!! I hope it stays clear of semi-heavs.
Brady go into GOD MODE NOW!
Gonna watch #Taken Liam Neeson.
oh, and let's go
7-day Carribean cruise is taken now have a luxury golf experience in southern Oregon. Gone...folks. #WellsFargoHere+Now
Ah the awkwardness of introducing your lifelong friends to your current friends.
I just saw a Cord Phone!!! I thought they were extinct!!! Guess not!!
I feel like my head has its own pulse..
Thank you all!
oh, look! today's labor day. wow, i didn't even realize that.
Taking my girl on our date night, Bucca di Beppo's, then a movies.
I like that made the same victory face yesterday that he did when he won his first stage there
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS. And yes, we think you should you for questions!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day! Don't forget to include that glass of Tampico with your morning meal :)
Thanks Glenn. That is what I wanted. Any indication if we will see more of Geoff with the USMNT?
Missing the point USC dominated recruiting in Neuheisel reign. USC will leave 10-15 recruits on the table for two more years.
I don't have enough middle fingers to show you how I feel.
Its a beautiful day to lock your keys in the car! you guys rock!
I'm fine,thanks for asking! And you?
Studio flow ❕❕❕THINK THE NAME OF THIS ONE WILL BE SPACESHIP BITCHES❕❕❕ #moolaboys KNOW WHAT IM TALKIN ABOUT❕
give our boy a shoutout for co host Nail this one then Hall of Fame Next. Cohost!!
did ya?
I like this one guy but my Bestfriend likes him too</3 fml
RT : Combat poverty & support by joining the "Smiley & West" club. Check out member benefits here:...
Scheduled to visit a hyundai logistics for getting a day labor job in the late afternoon of may 6.
i love to drink Vitaminwater <3
Haikeet #8: Crossing the land bridge / Through the haze of diving gnats / Eagle flies above
Our John Clemmer and Adalie Brent exhibitions both close on Sunday. Don't miss your chance to see them!
#TGIF good people
how was your show tonight?
Open your eyes, Clevinger. It doesn't make a damned bit of difference who wins the war to someone who's dead. Catch-22
Way to go New York Giants! Super Bowl Champs!
Man I swear girl on girl is the best
lol... i just finished all my stories for this week. shhhh
Alisan was right. I just pooped.
I can't tell if you're praising the sazerac or not
RT : is a genius and amazing writer. now, its time for me to shed a tear. -- aww thanks mark :')
you coming to the #ChicagoBulls or what? I really believe it will be the quickest way to the ring...
Lake day tmrw??
We can't control the fact that many of our Congressmen are inept but that doesn't mean we shouldn't vote for someone who isn't
Yes at the Cheescake Factory, in honor of loosing all that weight!
yeah we loved it! But how u been?
Need to create 5 new videos before Memorial Day to promote my art for the 2012 #Atlanta #Jazz #Festival in
I'm going later in the week, ill let you know
Just woke up bout to be up all night
oh my god can we post on kyle's door "ryan and tommy are your main bitches" and do it for ryan and tommy also omg i will pee
Say what you will about Kohl's, but there are some golden nuggets hidden amongst the myriad of moms and spanish speaking children.
no problem! Great trade!
thanks for all of the incredible help today.
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS GUYS!!! RT!!!
i can imagine. So far so good.
And i was about to get on camra -_-
and once you're a shell wizard you can do Sed, C, awk, bash, and coreutils, combined with Ruby, Java, Clojure, R, and TeX, etc?
#OWIF: All I am armed with to defend myself is a Leatherman, some catfish, and half a pair of pants.
bought an adorable shirt today.
Lady Gaga - Teeth - 05:14 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Send us the info! RT :
I just found out who those boys were. I guess they're close friends with my boyfriend's little sis n her boyfriend. So very sad.
really? What's his name? Haha.
Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like
Shouts out to TWOgs
So do we. And we still doing it
Oh how I miss RT : Our run tonight included trails, steps, deep mud & hills. These & more, all in the Cleveland MetroParks.
it is....haha
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
There are a lot of fiddling school marms on stage right now.
definitely (or trying). So far, it's great! Lots of other folks are summing it too luckily
I'm so bad at starting conversations:/
The half marathon runs through the District: look for the big red chair!
Wowzers...people are fucked up... follow up tweets in the am
today is full of promise.
“: The #teaparty is 1000 times more powerful than #occupywallstreet and a million times more authentic.” <-----WRONG!
Lady, we need you!
What a wonderful human being she is.
where at ?
It's such a cold gray day. I can't wait for friday and I will start a new set of drawings.
:: will look at other FA QB's if Peyton opts to go elsewhere?
hahahahahahahaha u make me lauGH!!!! jk im JUST bored!!!!!! but ur awesome ANYWAYS!!!
Sure is cold out. Come grab some gourmet coffee in our shop while you get your services performed. Just another little amenity we offer =)
Adult diapers should be offered in sexy prints and provocative cuts.
bet your bottom dollar I do “: give my best to I know she still likes me.”
Nice cold front cooling EP and now it is raining in Central. THE SMELL OF RAIN in El Paso.....INHALE...heaven on Earth!
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
High . Lmaooooo YES !
I'm a Watson fan-girl. Sherlock's cheekbones scare me. ;)
oh those are cute!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1932 the Motor Co. debuted its V-8 engine.
Who cares if the boyz lost ABDC, To me they won even if they didn't win the trophy,title, or money. They're my winners.
We'll also be hitting up The Venetia Fair at Warped so ask questions for them too! :) Tweet us!
Hiking at Mountainside Park with
I hate when its Friday and u have nothing to do and no where to go
Wait? NBC is CGI'ing the race? So why exactly run the race at all?
s/o to my new follower he's a funny guy
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps pumped up kicks
My fingers to fat for the iPhone 4 -__-
I missed #TheGamesOfThrones very very much!
good night :) I'm gonna go 2
What a goal!!!! Love u guys. Keep up the good work. What a game
woot sex helps you lose weight!! I know what my exorcise routine is now ;)
cool. Glad u all got to catch up for a bit. Take care man. I'm sure I'll see ya around.
cant wait for todays show!
Why not? Belt's an on-base guy, and I'd much rather Belt get the extra AB instead of Theriot or Burriss.
How the heck are you?
You're geeky brethren feel your pain
Most recently, I used the phrase "bust a nut" forgetting that "nut" is less commonly used to refer to the human head than, um, a testicle.
lol back to back work?... Take a break Hash! 😜
You too! When do you get in?
im a 13 year BB fan and i appreciate the controversial players-aka brenchel- BUT THEY BRING THE SHOW DOWN! Stop the whinning
finally some prime-time Knicks action for us west coast people... is going to have a huge night
Please send to me.
Why does it have to be him? What did I do wrong? What can I do to fix it?
Are you done with my book?!?
Teens are drinking hand sanitizer? What, vanilla extract isn't good enough anymore?
So...summer school starts on the 21st...getting this done early so I'm taking 12 credit hours.
I can't wait to participate! Where will u attend? “: Slow Art Day on April 28, look at 5 works of art for 10 minutes each."
Ah Shaun text me asap I have something cute to tell you about uk who :)
game has me on the edge of my seat
ill be coming up there soon man
Dear Minneapolis, where are you all so tall. Sincerely, me and
Trance Kitchen.
My love
Found one garbage can down the street. The other is M.I.A. #ABQ wind is intense
you're the dopest player by far, you should take more breaks in the season anyways n rest up for the playoffs,
*the good kind of fucked up.
Just realized I have absolutely no plans for this week until Friday. Let the #funemployment begin!
Day2 #LAPC bout to start. Couple friendly tablemates in and today.
Go BlackHawks...can I get a HELL YEAH
If it was "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" Medieval, you'd be "not yet dead."
fog! which is the next best thing to night and snow.
...and someone whose life could have turned out so different :/
Believe it or not, Data Cabling is very important to your computer network in your business. Here are some tips to review:...
who are the black armbands for?
They are fucked. No Noah now. It will take a miracle to win. It's depressing to watch this team all year and see this now.
Omg really?!? :o #Awesome :D
How is it that I never get tired of 's "Stronger" album? Maybe cuz it's her best album yet and she's a flaw free legend?
We need an organic fuel for our vehicles. You mean like Gasoline?
your welcome Darlin
That's great. Congratulations.
RT : WaPo and Politico report that Coakley has called Brown to concede.
Exactly 4 weeks until graduation.
: Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
Ok folks, this time for real! Marc Maron of the WTF Podcast will be joining us in-studio this morning! Any questions for him?
I'd love to meet you, and I know the wines of Aleksandrovic will be to your liking.
RT : If I was ANYONE else.
omg just ignore me hahahaha
The war in Iraq is officially over, what a drag.
WAFFLES FOR LUNCH, Y NOT!
We are open all weekend to buy back your books!
Just watched a stupid girl compilation on YouTube made by day
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.. <3
-- Probably Pedroia in 12-team leagues ...
Work nice and early.
Springs. Did I say that like a local? :)
Why is there only one Mother's Day when Moms could have at least gotten the ENTIRE month of May. $25 off detail packages. Gift Cards
Run Fatboy run and Shaun of the dead
Um 19 is closed at Pennsylvania today? This ought to be an interesting detour to work.
Booze Camp Approved! RT: : We are drinking all day in Midtown. At Noshville now with screwdrivers & Bloody Marys
What is the worst anthology you've been in?
; #MrAndMrsSmith will never get too old to watch two times in a row. (:
haha I havent heard of them yet.
haha you won't even know it's coming!
AIM is for losers. Hit me up: afteritendszach
Wrk is cooling just ready to go!!! What's popping tonight?
r u a resident of #Baltimore city's #9thdistrict? if so, who r u voting for & why?
Thank you San Diego Unified School District for instituting local preference hiring
Got the green light to host #thatcamp for digital archaeology in charlottesville, va, aug. 10. Announcement to come soon.
Because I hate my life, what channel is the AMA's on? ????
RT ": Every two-sentence review that someone wrote for you is probably worth at least $20 in their time."
I know!!!!! I'm so sad! heard it wasn't goin to last anyways cuz ppl were mad about it in the 1st pl :(
Fresh crispy veggies are on sale today - 20% off all creative lunch salads!
...not what I was looking for. Bruins trail for the first time in the playoffs 1-0 Caps
Awesome. I called Duke of Perth, not till this weekend for them.
Looking forward to the weekend, because it doesn't look ridiculous to wear a blanket at home. (Wearing blanket in office, still cold)
No matter how many spiritual readings I have done over the years for people, I still get nervous before each one!
is pretty cool when she sits on her phone and is anti social.
Can it be tomorrow already!!!!
Search #CrownGallery for great photos of moms in crowns. Make one using the Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune
My new kitten is really good at being buds.
Hello johannesburg! One more flight to go...
That sounds delish! But what is a breakfast cookie? We want some!
Love having a Starbucks at work
lol it'll be fun but it won't be the same lol ...
same.. Now excuse me while I sing ruby
I checked into "the trap house" on four square last night ? 😂 okay..
Thank you so much! I'm actually on KISS right now! I hope you're doing well? :)
"No plan B" is starting to feel like a meme.
asked for more followers! You know what to do! :)
Loyola kids need guidance
RT Obama: "I'm going to need another term to finish the job". Why? In 1 term he already finished 2 million of them.
The clippers suck at running half court sets.
Had a chill day today wit ^.^ havent chilled wit her ina good while!
if you are gonna play this twitter game, rule #1. Get your spouses name right. it is :-)
You'd figure with all these English princes marrying beautiful princesses that their male sons wouldn't be so butt ugly.
alright, I've been debating this for a while... Are your eyes blue or green?
lmfao I'm in 7th grade
OMG u r so amazing! I love u on That '70s Show ! JEEZ ur AMAZING! I LOVE U! <3 :)
happy resurrection day
thank you !!!
1124 what kind of candy do you like?
Thanks to all of our new followers, hope you have a great weekend!
An lollivepro just bet. 540 called 2700 more on the river with AdJh on Ah Js 4h Th 2h vs an amateur who put on an act.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 3- I've always believed that a person's character is revealed through the way they deal with those moments of
This weather just likes to ruiiinn my spring break.
So, who's staying in Lisbon this weekend and would be interested in meeting up?
At least you're there girl!! That's half the battle.
next he'll be asking for +k in cancer
8 Days left until C-mas....
You're insane. The Elegance of the Hedgehog. Don't forget Bitter is the New Black. MUST READ
#InstantTurnOn LIP Biting ( ;
Friday Sept. 23: Mark Towns Solo Guitar at Tasting Room CityCentre (Houston) 5-8pm
hahahaha welcome to the world of
I was in Denver for the '07 WS so I'll always have a soft spot for the Rockies. But Kemp is a straight up beast so whatevs...
The real question is where do I hang my hat in... oh shit two weeks.
And this been bothering me all weekend
Good morning pooh
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE OUT TODAY!!!
Curled up with my dog... xo 💗
I like teaching, don't get me wrong, but I just might like the research that goes into planning a class better.
inside us. inside us. :)
"your what hurts?" always kills Stoney for some reason.
words of wisdom by
BEWARE!! Do not purchase the Dani Johnson book via 888-677-2425. When you call & don't want future billing they bill you anyway!!
I had a dream One Direction asked me to be their photographer. When I got there, I went to get the 1D milkshake from
no idea lol
Good morning! 😁
We play Launchpad tomorrow. Introducing 3 new songs and our first show with 1 singer. $4, 9pm, 21+
Hope everyone is having is great day. Weather is nice today and will be even nicer tomorrow! Loving the spring weather.
Josh Hamilton is that dude
I'm hopeful about the jobs. Not hopeful about the show's content.
Really struggling to get started on my end of term essays today. :( So many more interesting things to see/read/do!
But....any ideas for disinfecting my phone?!
#defense wins championships. #GMen Defense almost perfect today. #SpecialTeams and offense look good too. Lambeau here we come!
Feels so inspired. Thank you Eliza. Everything I needed to hear to come back full throttle, you said.
This pussy clean .
home safe and sound. Leaving again on Tuesday. Can't wait to see you! xo
roughly equal to Les Curly Blonde Miserables methinks
Still working on Europe, mostly Switzerland/Northern Italy!! Suggestions welcome. Also been linking some sweet bands i've heard to my...
We have a show coming up the end of June in LA @ The House of Blues & we'll be playing 5 new songs! More on that show soon!
LOL!! Break the "glass" later only if you need to...
It's due to widespread use of HGH this year.
If you are going to be late anyway, stop for coffee. Shows everyone that you weren't sweating it.
bless Reggae Vibes! give thanks for the strength
Tori was/is so freaking pretty.
awww:-( don't worry we gonna relax and hang out sometime soon.
Can't sleep , i have energy o.O
True. True.
party and we are kickin it old school with questlove. Lovin it. Like a high school gym up in here.
thank you patrick! :)
That is true!!
Metallica rocks! Iron Maiden rocks harder! Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Http://www.dagnomusic.com is a great place to sell your music and keep 100% of the revenue!
just talked 2my homie U have a true friend when u don't talk months #and u pic up where u left off happy Bday my ninja
I still have a few more dances with the devil
i don't think so =(
~ Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Change it back! My fault for being a nasty boy!
Jack Effel: #WSOP wants you to celebrate during play, but don't be disrespectful. Up to discretion of staff.
“: yes shes actually really good no one knows though, or ” won't cuz of CJ :/
It is June 16th. My B-I-L is attempting to go from 0-70 miles in 60 days. So I have to ride it... :)
get more adorable
Nice article! I think over the last three years Rodgers learned how NOT to act. Aaron's a classy guy. Thank you for sharing!
Awesome show last night with Tropic of Pisces and Steel Phantoms. Thanks to everyone who came out!
My first experience was outstanding. Great food. Thanks.
Next class happening at noon. Get on the mat!
Memory lane: Rick Sutcliffe on to throw first pitch to Chris Hoiles.
Man, tons of sirens and honking going on outside. Mifflin + Derby Day + Cinco de Mayo + a regular Saturday in
follow back
AUTO EROTICA Romney takes credit for improvements in the auto industry
I have been hearing so much about Kale chips but haven't tried them yet
Halloween Party at the Purple Martini, Friday Oct 28, doors open at 9:00. Cash Prizes Costume Contest.
Here's my Ami answer--A kiss on the hand may be quite continental but diamonds are a girl's best friend
story of senior year right there lol
Wow! What a run by Freddie Jackson. Tie game at 7.
Hmm. Should I wear green or black & yellow?
crown molding is HARD
My patient is in her room dancing to Wild One by Flo Rida telling me she's dropping it like its hot HAHAHAHA
- I grew up in Minnesota and then it was pop. Now I'm in Milwaukee, WI and it's soda!
It's true!! The wind has been out of this world here. The power was out for blocks.... woo
vincent please follow me
Me too. I am pleased that Obama supports same-sex marriage.
no but I'd love to. Why?
"30 Rock" and "RockCenter" are good.
But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am.
All I want for Christmas is for Amar'e to dunk on one or more Celtics!
just wrapped up an awesome meeting with major takeaway: he is a big fan of rhinos
Didn't go to sleep yet self educated myself and it is 507am here in Hawaii
Find your happy place!!!!!
m. Little reduced never hurt anyone!!! A la Roulot???
GET IT, GRRRLS!!
the hangover begins
haha their spots are ridiculous. Agency must be on acid.
This girl just walked in this church like she was just the sssh
You're absolutely right. We should have read more details before Tweeting.
: We would love to work with businesses in the Wauwatosa area!
Interested in social media for business? Consultants are key. Generate buzz with Allerrant Consulting. www.marketstarglobal.com
WI Firefighter Union head Mahlon Mitchell tells me he's ruling out a run for Gov, instead focusing on Lt. Gov. Story 10pm
We kick our feet up .
We are 99 years young today. I love you DST! Oop-oop!
I will forever hate violins
2nd round and on is the best part of thee draft. Love it!
Tryin' To Get Out Of Here As Soon As Possible .
Wake up,shower, get paid and repeat
I am not going to make an effort to try and tallk to someone that stares at me and says absolutely NOTHING -_-
Can a veggie burger ever be more appetizing than a regular one?
p.s.follow back!
yea what u thought?
Last week of classes for Chinese students!!! Study hard for the test! 加油！！
What I would give to get a tweet from omg
Im out the loop right now, be back soon tho. aye tell Rick i said what it dew*
group is presenting in 5 for RIT winter research symposium. wish us luck.
Gotta be a warrior of love -Fiji
search for the cache on www.geocaching.com by searching for the “wild canyon games” cache by name or search via geocache code:GC20C5Y
Omg omg omg I thought jeremy was dead
yeah yeah, rehash the game. whatev.
Where would you like to see growth in your #business?Use the answer, to determine what content to add to your #web & #social sites.
Hi Dariel, how you been? How are you're daughters doing?
Read the bit about wanting to be the next Denzel or Will Smith. Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro. GL
Apparently all you have to do is ask. 2 shots - 2 goals. 100% success rate. Go !!!!!!
Don't worry there's loads of lesbians out there, you not on your own! Glad you came out :)
OMG¡ Will he make a song with selena?
Holyy shit chuckie is on :O im so scared!
hah I was thinking...does she KNOW this? :o
Any of my Jonas followers want to be texting buddies please :)
So,where does this violent tendency come from? I've been told my temper's tied to my redhair or Vikings in Ireland
how big is the bucket?
what the fuck you said , that didn't even make sense ,
Happy new years everyone
I get the whole paychecks vs. food stamp comparison it just sounds bad when you think about the race in these races
that's cuz you cut your tequila with crack cocaine..come and be a happy drunk
you guys were amazing! Best concert ever! Micah Lind Aaron Dre Bri and Myself had the best time. You were awesome!
i really need to get out more..
well....NOW who do the #Packers take?
Pass a Public Policy Plan in the USA to Reduce by 10% -- Both the Millions of HUMANS Locked-Up and the Billions it Costs Us.
part of me is a Vintage brand seltzer diehard, but soda stream is still fantastic
Just unpacked a new Asus Transformer Prime running Ice Cream Sandwich. Wow.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
I use subjecto one time and im automatically crazy
Yes!!!! Go #TeamBS For sure. So will RT : you gonna watch #TheVoice tonight?
Dads bday tomorrow, treating him to a Brewer game tonight , off to Miller park
"Put the lights up, I wanna see your face, When the nights up, remember you in my brain..."
Met with the folks today in SF, really impressive agency/production house taking care of major brands
You guys break up & make up too much. Damn. I thought & I were bad.. lmfao.
Individuals who are uneducated, unskilled, and rent all of their major possessions have little ground given current U.S. economic hardships.
agreed RT What do you think about Whitney's family doing a reality show? I think it's tacky.
Kugler had a going away trolly last night, your not going to turn down that offer
Much warmer tomorrow with partly cloudy skies. Then a chance for rain, thunderstorms... and maybe tornadoes?? Details at 11pm!
MeRT Who the fuck is up.
Do they put makeup on Billy Donovan? He looks so handsome.
This afternoon-Shelter Providers r working 2 craft Standards of Excellence 4 shelters. They will b discussing what makes shelters effective
Get your friends and their friends to follow us! LOVE US NOW. :D ~Dally<3
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Lucky that it's gotten great press! Museum is definitely busy all day, which is great!
Er why would i be smoking? IM A TEENAGER! :\
I'm there, baby! That's gonna be a great game. Looked good against the Red Wings. Wonder what Dale said before the game?
Oh, of course you meant your mother. I didn't think it was exactly your style...
See Io for simple modules down right
Less than six weeks out from the start of #DWC2012 Get ready!!! We've got some good stuff in the works...
cross between a baby toad and a toddler...jk lolz
What is an epigram? A dwarfish whole, its body brevity, and wit its soul.
At costco shopping and about to eat pizza:))
That is so cringe worthy! Thanks for sharing!
That's so sweet. Thank you, Dana! cc:
No worries Maurice! I see you're on the program for TLA in Houston. Maybe I'll make it, but not sure
who is it
Only $5 Billion Warren??? Pocket change I'm sure...
thinks the mosh pitt is more entertaining than the actual show. Ha!
Working on this week's blog post. Afraid to say it's abt cost analysis; what might come up this week to derail this plan?
Don't you hate when someone tells you to do something when you're in the midst of doing it?
Tornado warning for a county that's 40 miles away from San Antonio. 0.o
S/o to them middle age women with fat asses!!!!
the only explanation I see is backlash for being "rewarded" with CP3.
Spread the word... MIYO Home's Annual Sample Sale is going on now!. Sofas, tableware accents and more are on sale.
Law firm office services opportunities available in Denver, CO! If you have any legal office services experience, email me at katie.cyboro…
Hey I'm following
RT!“: If we do work in English tomorrow, I will flip!”
Back 2 u! RT : When someone tells me they're "really bad with names" all I hear is "I'm an arrogant asshole cuntdonkey"
This damn helicopter keep flying around
Ya gotta eat RT I had to play debt collector today so 'I'm ridin roun & I'm gettin it' instead of blawggin... *sigh*
Happy Mother's Day to all my FB family & friends!! Enjoy your day!!!
Everyone follow
they should play her to please the fans in the 2nd half. If they don't either she's not there or we should be worried.
That's true. That would be a good start.
I don't either! But I'm in West Memphis!
"CALL ME AN ARTIST CUZ I DRAW ATTENTION"
#Hormone Precursor Therapy- Aging is a Treatable Disease
probably the greatest episode of TVD ever!!!!!
3 hours on a plane, 40% iPad battery life...don't think it's going to make it.
- NS is glad to be in NYC for MAGNET Digital Summit - program is a great resource of current insights and best practices.
Dex: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...
Last few hours in France. Bittersweet ending.
haha sorry tabbyy where ya been!?
In 2 wks at EucTavern in CLE and much more! $10 to get in, on hand too!
U no I just can't leave u out derre da catz may come back & we wouldn't want dat o.O
When's the weekend here again? Never close enough
the Vitra sale starts tomorrow! getting things ready now.
Change of plans haha it's gonna b like 100 degrees tomorrow so I'm just gonna wear vans....
I hate when 12 year old girls tryna be grown and shit. Bitch play your age.
Going shopping later
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Orange Cream Slush 4.48 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by AMNDBRK1 "This is a simple and delicious recipe for a coo
Bikram today. Awesome! Heading home 4 dinner. Day 9 of 100 day challenge though I've maybe missed 5 classes in two months.
get more physical!
2.5 million people that died in the Holocaust are still unidentified. Every victim had a name and a family.
I connected with them when I was 12. Heard "A Day In The Life" and was hooked.
RT : Disappointed that didn't win #TheVoice but he's MY winner, that's for sure!
Salute bro RT : Happy earthstrong to my bro real friend #loyalty !
A guy named Sergio Franco in Brookfield, CT.
CLIPPERS!!!! I HOPE THEY WIN THIS ONE!!!! i love to watch Blake Griffin play!!!!
2 home runs by Rangers top of 7th, is fat lady ready to sing?
thanks my dude
Leaving for Syracuse, NY tomorrow to visit my grandma for a few days prior to my Permanent Change in Station to Fort Bliss, Texas. ah'CUSE!
oh thank god this week is over.
the mayans still want to kill us all.
got a test for you, you say you want my heart. well baby you can have it all. there's just something i need from you - is to meet my boys.
This copy will self destruct on the embargo date.
I use OpenOffice. Should open most anything powerpoint-like I believe. Okay ttys!
I'll be on with at 1:30pm tomorrow talking #Caps live from Amtrak on my way to NYC, this should be interesting, on 106.7 The FAN
At #BLD with & the in-laws for an amazing Brunch. Definitely starting with the Blueberry & Ricotta Cheese Pancakes!
You think you wanna die, But In reality you just want to be saved
Let me guess your preparing for your 5/23 appearance on my show RT : Work: it's what's for breakfast.
Smells like yummy breakfast up in here! (:
Never get a pest inspection from the people who will be doing the repairs.
Lovely hot Saturday. off to the beach. Going to the circus later. Will be good to see Eboue again!.
Awww.... I get it, Dad. They're on early so if you feel like trudging up to Cambridge, let me know.
Sometime you have to roll up your sleeve and do the thing that everyone has failed to do.. It is your time!!
RT : Get Ready - new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday.
We certainly are. Hitting up any films this weekend?
If only Arya and Tywin would play cyvasse, but we know Tywin would never do something "fun."
1) absolutely! I'm on it! 2) X is the coolest. What a great weird mix of band geek, greaser, rockabilly and silent movie art queen!
Saw a little kid fr/ my old middle/high school ranting to a friend on the street about the president being bound by the rule of law
Venus was born on a cake?
Hope all went well with the interview today. Send an update when u get a chance.
these battles are amazing! AHH!
I'll come whenever you come to Miracle Mile! But if it's to see Sabin the Babe-in or for your Lobsta rolls, you'll never know.
Seeking a female keyboard player who can sing. Hit us up if u know someone!
RT : Good luck to #BChockey tonight at #FROZENFOUR two more to go .. Best practice of the year tomorrow
That was such a yolo moment. & I don't even say yolo.
no my bday is tomorrow :)
Was just listening to Know By Heart. Can't seem to hear The Postman enough times.
I wanna be there and not installing my gallery's show.... Can you just pop over Sara?
AFTER the GAME.. Check out #CLIPPERSLIVE on with and all our #CLIPPERS Insiders!!
I resolve to spend more quality time with my family.
Your capslock button -
Don't need crowd-sourcing, need "nerd-sourcing". How do you find well-informed volunteers?
": I just don't feel like doing any work right now 😔"just take off ill cover your shiff...lol
Looking for the perfect for my daughter at #StyleX #stylexlulus help me please
#SchoolsontheBrink is coming to a close!
Yeah, there's totally cigarettes in this drink. Paging
Are you from #Edmonton? Will U be there? RT Thrilled you are coming to to teach your incredible #Comedy #writing course!
Just found my old TP2 cd... R. Kelly used to take me there. No .
chemistry > physics.
Stephen Ross has to be ecstatic right now.
Its such a pretty daaaayyy :)) i cant wait for summer
Thanks so much!
Miguel Olivo slide makes up for disappointing ABs from Hawpe and Smith. 6-5 Red Sox, bottom 6. This one has shootout written all over it.
Another question! Who reads 10,000 words about stretching on a Monday morning? Will give it a shot!!
Nap time is gunna turn into bedtime
My voice sounds ratchet literaly lol <*¡!*>
"Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico up-to-date with news from the L
The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through. Jackson Pollack
Anyone who is a client of Foster Web Marketing is going to be very happy after this weekend!
I want a iphone 4s just to talk to Siri...
Things I hear myself say in class: "So Faustus tells the devil, 'Man up, Mephistophilis!'"
I wonder if any band member have read the fanfiction stories about them. im reading one about johnny b now.lmao
“: another amazing class .. killed me. #boxing”< #weloveyoutoo :-)
People can tell you how wrong you are but when you explain yourself it's like you'll never be right>??????
God I love my school :)
I would LOVE to
Industry tonight!!! Across from 650. Come one come all!!!
SD County orders Rancho Guejito to restore illegal road, complicating ranch's big growth plans. Story soon
"Fans don't boo nobodies." - Reggie Jackson
And so the end begins. Only 24 hours ish till Chicago! Had a truly awesome time at
“If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.” ~Booker T. Washington
I can't view my Twitter follower growth prior to March 23, 2012.
First day of rehearsal was pretty chill. Tonight: commercial class with :)
Yay!! #motivation--->> RT : down another pound this morning!
Business, which is effortlessly defined - it is other people's money.
haha probably not
So what's the deal with #ProjectX? Yay or Nay?
If GOD has given you a vision for your future don't run from it... Claim it, work towards it, and believe that it is YOURS!!
has returned from holiday abroad.
So sorry Dawn!
yeah i got it today!(:
Q. Early on u educated urself on wine in chatrooms- how do u think tech/social media has affected the #wine world?
Great talk about Community Service at the sales meeting this morning. We're so proud of our team & their selfless service!
Marian Wright Edelman: "We dont have a child problem in America, we have an adult problem in America."
that you miss me and are coming to visit and play in the snow?
pops dont do shit else lol he can atleast answer the phone!
Far exceeded them, actually. I'm looking forward to going back to see it again ASAP!
When is better to outsource or perform locally in mobile development business - at
Jammin like Marley tonight at Solo. Bring your report cards. A's for $
Everyone's Sayingg Different Count Down Numbers! Lol ,just go watch (((((:
You're the best Jana! To God be the Glory!
retrying twitter to be better prepared for client questions
- Good Call!!
U know what I mean
Aww :( I'm all for kisses all better.... but please keep your feet away from me. :P
Hahahahahaha...I'm cool B. You made me check to be sure tho...I barely had to scroll! lol...
Holla! RT : Shout out to the ladies who are responsible and putting their careers first!!
My favorite song from anybody from D1C songs? :P
The only day I can diet is today. I don't eat fish and the smell of fish makes me nauseous. God why did you make Christians make this day :(
Ian, have I introduced you to yet? I knew him back when I was in Vegas and always admired his talent
I'm hungry 😖
Break a Leg brother! LUV!
You're Welcome. (:
Don't be completely immune to criticism, it can serve as a vaccination to make sure your perspective stays in good health.
Soccer USA win on extra time 1-0 to Venezuela in friendship match in Arizona
can i get a break from the world? to bad that's virtually impossible...
I love it!
I'm your first follower!!! I feel so honored!!!! ;-)
Love New York City, but there is something about the South with all its quirks and peculiarities that beckon me home...
Welcome back to campus Hoyas! Less than a week until Jack Jr.
that TOs major sports=entertainment franchises are the "real" thing in sports. So they are somewhat confused about worldclass sports events
Tonight: Toasted Caramel Macadamia Cheesecake on special with our homemade Pecan Rum Ice Cream! Exclusively at our Balboa Park location.
Girl, SF is in a (crazy ass) class all its own!
Peeling back my layers!
9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
I had no idea #OIISDP was so dangerous! Are British bats more or less frightening than American ones?
Starting at blockbuster tomorrow! FINALLY i have a job again. wonderful
GREAT idea. I use an old mousepad so it absorbs the drips and makes me look like I am master of the matrix with mice
Join me and much of the nation on #generalstrike Nov 2. Don't work or buy anything. Govt should fear its ppl, not visa versa
mine too
Ha, yeah. To me, DMB fans seems like Cubs fans w/their games. It's the atmosphere/party that's more important.
Paying $800 in rent is about the sexiest thing I can think of.
I have seen it! Some pretty quality investigative reporting if you ask me!
www.icraigery.com is finally up! Give me suggestions on how I can make my blog better! I need feedback please!
I love it when pitchers are a contributing part of the offense! Way to go, Zack!
you're so close to 110K. I'm like so excited for you.
it won't be long!
You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
it's the best thing on right now. LOVE it.
": What are your expectations on tonight's #NFLDraft?"Too have Danny and Winston drafted tonight!
throwing hands in the Carter's. Say it ain't so.
Had 1st TV Production Mtng w/ Agent and Development Company! Really getting exciting! Keep following for news !
Let's get back on track. Do it.
It's sad but true...
I guess I was even more delirious than I thought because I had a lot of fun at work today. I even said, "We should come in at 5 more often."
yeah who knows how accurate a movie with Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway is though ;)
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers… now in business and they said talk to everyone…
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
See you in the morning!
Congrats on episode 50 and the new production company, Guys. Awesome!!! Thanks for the shout-out, too! Made my day!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio.
They are intercutting very brief live shots with a pretaped show and crowd noise. At least Tom Petty played.
thanks Hope you are doing ok
I'm not sure if I ever told my followers goodnight, but I am tonight. Sleep well, loves! ^_^
Breakfast time and I am so hungry that I can eat a python...oh,,,it's the other way around?..sorry,,,but gotta go!
I guess :) & why do you hate fingers & toes?
lol you're dumb
Tired, my hair looks/feel like shit, i have no one to talk to, and spring break is over, and im fucking pissed.
were they affected by the big earthquake?
Miso soup - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
What are the books on your reading list this summer? We're looking for suggestions for The Reading Room section of the website (coming soon)
TGIF!Good morning!
Thanks for the great meeting!
You can't ignore me now, I can see if you read the msg or not.
"Service isn't something that is just nice to have. It's a necessity." - Charisse Lillie
Yeah the white queers r especially thirsty. It's irritating. Remember that tabloid article they spread when Whitney passed?
you heard the LP yet? so good!
Young journalist, with MBA's, making less than $60K are not jouralists. They are boring as hell and incompetent
I can fix that
It really just depends! It goes both ways!
It's Vertical Day. 11/11 have you made your wish?
I wish i could meet i just know we'd be great friends! lol
anyone else going to 3B and the pitcher throws that to 1B. Barajas is that slow.
Quit your shenanigans or ill hide your alcohol!!! RT : Stalker!!!!
Saw a girl curling her hair while driving on the thruway...!! And they only outlaw texting?
that would be the correct word..
Your attitude influences EVERYTHING! Be optimistic, expect the best & see the best in others
Sorry about that Erin!
Release the Kragen!
I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10
Publish or perish goes for commercial publishers, too.
how long u gotta go till its over!?!?!
Pee Wee Herman is back! I guess he figured that by 2009 standards, he's downright dignified.
Douglas county allowing users to opt-in to save their borrowing history.
The statement that they should be making is to Brown "get this team out there and win"!
But I mean personally I Don't get planking or coning and think they are both pointless..no offense to planking or cone-ing lovers.
we encourage creativity. Also subbing one item makes a world of difference. (ex. sub chx on philosopher's pie)
we got to open one present, picked out by mom. It was always matching pajamas. Still wear pjs on Christmas eve.
SPRING SALE-Thursday, Friday, & Saturday-Special group of merchandise 70% to 90% OFF. Sales are final.
: Driving, tweeting and taking pictures simultaneously? U really r a master at multitasking!
Wow, Lopez Cantera is too chicken to answer simple questions. Oh well.
Strange smell of vodka on the bus.... :S
Boston tomorrow ! :D
Okay ladies. If someone compliments you, don't say "it's not true." That's fucking rude! Accept the compliment and shut the fuck up.
Part of the ed dysfunction is the lack of concern by most media entities to encourage ed as they inundate youth with their prod.
yo im to the crib
My current dilemma. RT : Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Wrong. RT : May have to actually watch "The Daily Show" tonight. He's got Feingold...his first TV appearance since his loss.
we should book it in may.
I want to move to Portland Oregon
Justin Follow Austin Mahone, he'd fan girl.
To my new followers CHEERS!!! :-)
Did I just win or...
Our cameras catch moments when 3-15 yr olds,charged w/arson in Woodburn High fire,walk out of police dept. KGW 8 11pm
We aim to please :) Oh, and tell all your friends about
I deleted most of them cuz I didnt want to seem annoying tweeting about 1D all the time :)
RT Amber Rose's rapping = to Kim Kardashian's dick sucking skills ----> That's some real bad rapping right there!
We say hi and bye that's not talking D;
But at least I won't have to see the Bill Hall replay 10 times today
Why do I need a New Moms Group? Check out this article from Next session starts May 3rd, truly amazing....
yes, it's *hilarious*. (le sigh)
I love #videostroboscopy. Spent part of the day arguing whether nodules or polyp w sympathetic lesion.
Love hearing is having a positive impact at the #NFLCombines. picks players with high talent and character.
thanks for the retweet fellas!
Why are people so upset at cops "pepper spray" of students? Its made from pepper so is a food product and cops were just serving free lunch!
this restaurant is amazing
Happy that Will Barnet and Martin Puryear received National Medal of #Arts, & John Ashbery bags a Nat'l Humanities Medal!
We hope everyone gets into some ruckus street bass action this weekend!
APD started tweeting names of people they've arrested. Figured, might as well. Pretty sure they're all guilty anyway.
The best protection a parent can give their football playing child, is the KNOWLEDGE & TRAINING to protect themselves from avoidable injury.
Thank you! You are very kind!
yay! You're going on a trip with us!!!
Hah! RT You know it's time to do soemthing else when you start plugging in random words in Pinterest.
Nixon and Rebozo up in a tree...Richard ain't talking, 'Bebe' ain't talking, Spiro ain't talking; Fulsom is talking.
Cranky K is cranky. You have been warned.
In today's things I can't believe file: I live in oregon. I woke up in SF at 530a. I am going to a concert right now.
Ima buy a supreme board, grizzly grip tape, venture trucks, and my old wheels and bearings. Can't wait!!!!
Life is like a novel. You are the author and everyday is a new page.
"Even a stopped clock...gives the right time twice a day."
Loved being part of the conversation!
Thunderstorms baby!
fish is the closest thing you will ever get to smelling pussy.
Wisconsin beat IU. Just wanted to say that again.
#rdap12 great question about prospects for standardization of data citation. Answers appear to suggest: who knows or not likely...
Oh my gosh, says the girl who rolls out of bed at 1 in the afternoon! Don't even!! Haha!
Underground @ 8:07! Spread the word!
Had a good day today now im watching
I want tacos. Badly.
I'm back didnt try to do dat
Well, he is a European Socialist MT I think it balances the NBA that Pau Gasol is only THIS good half of the time. Promotes parity
While Driving_NOT COOL!
Yay!! Just auditioined for a new feature and nailed it. Details to follow. Stay tuned!
i didnt get any songs for me to do on #YouTube want some songs please and THX o and they can be anykind of songs just need em
#modevux vs. Jakob Nielsen: a mobile content cagematch I'd pay to see.
“: "Shock Media" apples vs oranges. Stick to the treadmill my friend.”
Fuck her good, Give her lots of attention, show her lots of affection, make her laugh and her ass ain't going no where
DUDE. Me too! o.o
Hey everyone! Due to a scheduling conflict, The Punk Show is postponed tonight. We'll let you know the reschedule date ASAP! Thanks!
Thanks, I was worried about coffee there for a moment.
How did you arrange breakfast with Casey Anthony?
Amended motion to merge 68th/81st St Schools passes unanimously.
Headed to Seattle Startup Day 2010.
R u there??
only Rk47 can't tweet while he showers
I love it! What a perfect length on you.
What? French ladies can be oceanographers, too? We have so much freedom now!
Pottermore, more like Bought-er-more.
: Oh, you say "cray?" Please, tell me about your past in the hood.
First Fat Tire in 8 months!!!
You fucking flirt with so many guys and then you wanna date all of them. Man gtfo. i aint neva gonna date you, quit actin like a fool.
get it get it “: Don't Stop”
“: Somebody's getting married!! Oh it's me! #cowannuptials ”/ HEX YEAH!!!
As fixed rates improved to new lows for the year, adjustable rates plummeted.
then don't mention it
We ARE open today so come on down and see us! Our techs are out on the roads and the conditions seem pretty good around here!
Just got a nice call from former Chiefs great Eddie Kennison. Good guy, good guy.
We have some upcoming show dates for THE ENDERS, DYNAMIC BOX, & More! Check in frequently and Support Local Music!
Good to see you both last night ... if only momentarily! I hope you saw each other!
Could the night have gone any better for Trader Ted?
Shark Week starts tomorrow... :D
Had a pretty amazing night at #OKCSwitch. The worship was dope, the energy from the students was strong, and the small groups were great.
APD: investigators were called at 5 pm to Eklutna Lake, where "human remains" were found.
Me: what's Warhorse about? Dad: a horse....in a war.
Jetting off to Colorado!!!
my pleasure! I love your blog. It's fantastic.
If that old computer is ready for the trash call A1 Shredding, it’s very important the Hard Drive is shredded… CALL TODAY.
Our foster dog, Mali, is sleeping on my neck while I sew. Dinnertime!!! Is it really Sunday night?
waka's quitting tweet just left me speechless...
What did one melon say to the other? We cantaloupe. You are welcome. :)
being a minion has its perks. Then again the grass is always greener.
And my game is not ready for prime time.
i feel like no one likes me and im not pretty and that i'm really fat......
Man! I shoulda played MegaMillions last week. I'm one lucky son of a you-kno-what. lol
Oh new ps3. Makes me want to cry.
Google's Chief Health Strategist, "We learn to boil people down to numbers."
Guitars are fickle things
#ThingsIveLearned Harry Styles will never follow me
are you here yet?! Reggae in the per bar tonight! SMILE BIG!!
It's going down! Prozak and more at BLACK SHEEP TONIGHT!
Ladies dress 80's & drink free vodka all night @ Beauty Bar! Guys $5! 10PM! Happy Hour 2 for 1 Drinks 6-9PM!
At the jazz Gallery checking out the homy Adam Larson!
We have a great deal tomorrow perfect for ladies, and for kids! What could it be? Check your inboxes!
Another problem is brands. Nobody cares about record label or chain store. But isn't credential from known college still valuable?
I can imagine me just chillen by a fireplace eating #FONDUE with .. LOL
So... Watched a guy I know eat a ladybug on the subway last night. Weird. Surreal. Nightmarish. Did it really happen?
I support Romney for President. He is a solid, business guy, and doesn't make mistakes. Newt has a history of missteps. Romney can WIN.
Great! Where did you get them from?
Who's excited for the #MadMen season premier tonight?!
Our first official "tweet". We're excited to be a part of Twitter and would be thrilled if you'd like to be a part of our community.
what's good I got more tracks I'm 18 I mix all that on my own mic computer and interface go by mar
Good thing Check your invite:)
We giving Z-RO an after party 2night he is our special invite $10 @ door 2451 walnut ridge-dallas, tx 75229 behind club bmr
We hope you and your dad had a great time today!
One more day until the official Ribbon Cutting of BFC!
Me too! RT : So excited 4 the #CNArelaunch 2nite at Hancock Signature Room!
How can it go from being sunny one day to snowing the next day #hateChicagoweather !
At fremos having a blast!
Did you receive my email last week?
I never got to officially say goodbye!!!
Looks like it might rain tonight???
lol no im not u knw u still got it to
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and #trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
Going 2 Denver Mosaic group's meeting about 504s tonight. Speaker is Jim Long from the Office of Civil Rights. Very excited!
Thanks for the comment on the FB page. Very cool bi-ped in the profile photos.
Love this idea! MT nonprofits can collaborate by pushing each others' content via social media
The best leaders/managers can turn underachievers into overachievers. The million dollar question is what's the magic formula?
I'm getting it cut really soon actually but how the hell are we supposed to be tanning buddies? :P
quote: "You took shop. I took dance."
Are you sure that train isn't a portal to the past?
I had to ask a term limits question...
I won't say it. we can discuss on the show.
Geo Broadcast Solutions Talks About Its 'ZoneCasting' Plan - Radio World
Could be an alternative to email, no? Since most email is essentially, "I need you to do X"
Just passed 12 dump trucks at -midnight. I hope bruce willis knows about this.
Wall St. is doing quite well. Main St. is not.
That seriously was the funniest tweet ever. HA!
Oh no! Onomatopoeia!
The last video wasn't Call Me Maybe, but it probably should've been
my lil sis loves ur music .. her birthday us voming up shr said if u can fo a shout out for her birthday her name is brenda,,
"That's who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of."
Had a great time on the Sutter District Block Walk all the others! Great beers great atmosphere!
gorgeous, would love to get you in front of my camera sometime this year.
i need more followers please i need soome more
. I don't watch when you're not on, and no one else should
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks. ~ Arthur Miller
#MyPastRelationships were with SLUTS.
Thanks to all you folks who have followed us recently! We have a show coming up on the 20th at The Building in East Nashville!
"Love the Life you Live, Live the Life you Love" - Bob Marley
says December will bring jobs for some of you, just keep pushing and stay positive.
uhm you don't need a spell for that. I already do love you forever and ever amen hahahahaha culera
Could have went to Bike Week, just found out. Smh
secretly very pleased I might get an android developer t-shirt from my G+ hookups.
I believe UK will get or Jefferson decides Tuesday, if he doesn't pull the trigger, I think Montrezl will.
wow... did u go 2 practice?
You know it's cold outside when white say it cold
You are beautiful and your wedding pics are magical. Ignore it all. Haters are jealous and miserable with their own lives.
Every now an again I have to resist the urge to defend my work against folk who just don't get it... or let's say misunderstands it..
Such a great meeting with my accountability sisters -
For more information regarding courses please check out our calendar, follow us on facebook, or contact your local regional representative
Big, mischievous:-) 2x
Just found out about Levon Helm dying. That is a real bummer. Levon was a true American Treasure.
Great night with Jarred. ❤❤❤❤
Diff between 2 #Philly playoff wins today: #Flyers had a shot at winning their series. #Sixers...they at least get one more game check.
It was just confirmed we had 3 die in a tornado in east Tennessee. I'm a first responder & these storms r heartbreaking Sam!
I wish I could get revenge......
I wonder if he was just there to see the spiderman preview
All of my work is already posted on Pinterest under Lizzy Photography.
blow it up your donkey!!! Cameron is so fudging cool!! I love that kid!!!
ha no kidding!
"I got you babe!"
Love that guy.
Out to fish. You?
Liz is right about that?
...wishing I was on the beach not now, but RIGHT NOW! *daydreaming till I pass out* :)
I did! It's really cool.
wow your bennies suck lol crazy huh life is expensive sometimes lol
Will be idle on #Twitter and only tweet once the season starts?
We're giving away tix for FREE, all you have to do is RT
ok my user name is redbonegamerchick
Ha! My tentative plan is to stop by Foster first and hop over to Cults around 10. So darnit, start early.
#Tweetbig has not been working since last Sunday! All my accounts are basically frozen with NO support from them! HORRIBLE!
Guy Garvey has the voice of a dear old friend.
Soon to be unveiled and shortly cancelled: New Westlaw.
darn, no new Mexico this time around...😔
#20ThingsAboutMe I seriously need to get my hair done, omg it's been forever... :o
“: your welcome, how old are u?”14
but I like chicken
#dh11 Gaffield: discuss how to collaborate, what that means.
This list is actually cool/fascinating because it has a LOT of people you wouldn't expect. But listing Skrillex is dumb.
Nice day.
Can I get a follow back from the thanks for the RT
Just don't sew your sleeve into it :) What are you making?
So we've been reflecting and taking a little time.. Looking forward to making our next best record ever, soon. M.
Dreaming of my homeland and watching Homeland.
Big time! RT : it was fun but so HOT! Have a great week
Forte is looking good.....I think a pass to Olson is in order right here.
seems like a losing strategy and a horrible existence. good luck with the ideological hatred thing
might crash like a deck of cards
Is it because they're trying to make the game safer or is it a kneejerk reaction to the bad press?
6 minutes of death??
Doing coffee and making accidental hardstyle songs with in the apt. studio
so pretty!
They are! thats a really cool page :)
Ugh, I am so tired. Why am I still up???
By comparing with my own data collected through the years, I can assure you that the stats provided by are pure garbage.
his family sold the team but nice try
Watching a livestream of the Rupert Murdoch and the Leveson Inquiry. Riveted, almost in spite of myself.
Ugh mann its about that timee to get that Hoodrat vaxination !
The feeling of accomplishment comes when being retweeted and favored
That's funny, I never look at it anymore. Guess I didn't understand the formula beforehand...
Instead ill prolly be up for about 40 hours strait
stfu & text me then, im lonely
Scott what brand of shoes u wear the most?
Is Frankfurt the best way?
There's a side of you that I never knew never knew...
Still not over the fruit basket thing? jfc.
Good Night Twitter Gotta Work @ 5 O'Clock In The Morning
hey cutie with the nice booootie.
is ready for you to perform on the voice. Hurry please.
Lebron gets his way. It's sad but reality
Escalation of egos on the esplanade. Race/cop tension alive and captured on camera.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry, amen!
That sure that's true, but is certainly safer :-)
Man immature people get on mi nerves
U know I got a bruise on my eye lid cause of u bruh? lol
come now :)
Roberto Garza gets a new contract. Thank you. Now how about the best back in the league???
Hahahahahaha... uh CAN'T!
excellent christmas eve dinner with coworkers at an expat bar and now there's a sleeping puppy in my lap. A MERRY CHRISTMAS INDEED.
After the game all liquor drinks AND shots are 2-4-1 until closing. Live band Ghost of Gloria on stage.
#CovertTU was just awesome! Soon we will post the aftermath on our blog. Watch for it!
Marching Band
sick song. more organ!
An absolutely adorable little boy was running around a few minutes ago yelling "LOOK at THAT!" to just about everything he saw. Too cute.
Love is not what we become, but what we already are.<3
I got some questions about using the usb adaptor for the ipad. anyone have ny experience? TOYS!
go uptown new york city biiittttccchhhh
"it was like trying to embrace a shadow"
quite the zong in that photo
I wish people would be happy with wat they got. smh, Stfu and stop complaining
re:TwitSpam did you get the sex caller from London?!
If u want something done right u got to do it yo damn self..... Smh ok mo money for me.............
I guess that's whats going to have to happen!
Replacing a old shower head can save up to 7.5 gallons of water per minute without sacrificing full spray action at low/high water pressures
RT Don't forget Comedy FIGHT! This Sunday, 11/15, 9 PM at the Hi-Tone. 10+ awesome comics for only $8!
Hot Damn, is it nicer than it looks outside?
This is bullshit that I'm up already
is working on a #Sandals luxury included honeymoon for clients.
“: Loved #bbm and thanks to everybody who liked my shirt....#ItsTrue!!!” RT where can I get it j wova?
": LMAO @ that last RT lol"- I'm laughing with you that guy is an ass lol
Oh haha I knew that lol :D “ : isn't that a shoe? lol : na dude its a toyota supra haha”
I am a #SocialWorker And I Am Proud !
Thank you.
So explain the logic: Republicans want to keep Bush Tax cuts for rich but let pay roll tax cuts for millions of middle class workers expire.
Come meet Greg Toler of the az cardinals 530 pm. Plus 2 football games to watch.
":So my coworker still txting me.I said "you're ugly"&she replies"lmfao you're so mean".It wasn't a joke tho"
“: People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.”
#dailyfeedback We're looking for musicians who are referred to by their first name only. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Silly question, but are your nails acrylic pink and white? They always look so perfect
and just like that, it was gone. how should we release the new record?
Dear #AmericanIdol, I'll tell you the same thing I told my grandma: Crawl into a casket & die already.
(Were) Are you live-tweeting your date? That is awesome...
The schlecks as terrified whippet like Zaphod Beeblebrox is an interesting image
last day?? where are you headed?
I like to tell random stories to people...randomly. this is me: "wanna hear a story? okay!" I dont take no for an answer.. lol :)
Wasn't an argument?
anyone who gives me a shoutout will get 1o DMs to christian.. i would say just but HE AINT FOLLOWING ME! :(
shoutouts to the fans of ! you guys motivate him and care for him FOR HIM ! #TeamBaeza :)
All this toning is starting to pay off. Go "Cece"!!! :)
I also noticed you dont have a personal website, I design and build websites for a living .. na #veivuke ke na #veiqaravi ga
#Attrition is the elephant in the room edureformers don't address. A stable pipeline of teachers is key.
PR is only real time communication for brands. Best firms understand how brand communicates at large.
thank you :)
Watching A Bugs Life in biology and exams are in a week? #ummwhat?
and if Biden hadnt said what he said, he would still b silent on marriage.
is also donating to at this Sunday's food truck rally at Come check it out!
the #mcrib is back. Are you stoked and already eaten a dozen. Never understand your love of pressed meat.
nasty and storming here in NE TN!! Wish I had warm weather and sunshine! Have a great day! :)
So #disturbed by the LUVs diaper cartoon with babies out-pooping one another! #dontyougettiredof freakish commercials?!
So long Bandai. It was fun while it lasted.
JDOTT dance is in 102 until 1 a.m. Come join the fun!
Some weird kid was trying to chit chat it up, and I was like yeah yeah me no english
maybe you should introduce him to Tyler xD
Friday is "Naked Breakdancing" day here at Study Breaks!
Texting him and watching Toy Story to go to bed ☺😘 #BuenasNoches 😌💤🌙✨
he doesnt have to keep putting crowns on his shoes haha
Q: What's your favorite song? Either Set Fire to the Rain or Rolling in the Deep.
Sucker for love, M-mm. Sucker for love.
now that's what I'm talkin about :::::::: swag .… Fuego out is in
I play the piano and sing for women but for the bitches I will be playing youtube lol
If you're going to ride your bike on the sidewalk, puh-lease don't be an a*hole, declare your pass…"on your left!"
Tom Miller frim PBOT People come to #pdx because it's a place that walking is viable. It should not be taken for granted.
fine! Working on getting a tweet from
I would think it does. EIS appeal?
Amen to that sir. MT : I wish there was a function on my iPhone that told all sites: "No I don't want your iPhone app."
Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know... Kaya Breckyn. So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!
Got all this glitter crap on me wondering where it came from
Hate people that smoke squares»»»»» get yo nasty breath ass out my face
#PuppyConan is hilariously lame and cute all at once :-)
MAD AS HELL! #DrewBrees only gets 2 votes out of 50 for MVP!? what the FUCK!? I guess breaking records ain't enough? #fuccery!
