Attending #prismsa with Talking about hashtags.
Batting 100% this year on grants! Who else will be for RTI training in 2012? ?
Catching up on podcasts while pretending to clean the house. kills me EVERY time.
"Fear is the greatest salesman." ~ Robert Klein
At #reasonrally despite the awful weather!
Still at Lexus service. Still no lettuce. What the hell R they doing? GRAY 2010!
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO!?!?! (: #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you, including me! <3
To all the haters that bood me off stage yesterday I guess I'm a great actress if you hate my charactor!
Where Are You Men Of Courage? You Were Made For So Much More
i support jelena i hate all the haters i think you guys are cute together
Thanks!! RT : Highly recommend new items on the menu.. Thai noodle salad and wild mushroom raviolis ... Brilliant
Everytime I turn on a song or upload a picture of her. She tweets right after ;P
I wouldent be here without my Haters. First they made me cry, but now they make me as strong as I'am now! ~xo Selena Gomez
I'm wondering if part of the appeal of facebook is one's confused mental model of the structure- I just can't find anything twice.
Me smile :) so thank you for being my best friend :) I miss you and love you.:)
I love my "Spidey-Sense." I've come to respect intuition. If you had to choose, would you pick intuition or analytics?
Kids make me wonder why people have kids
Cosigned. RT : Thanks , , and for a great conversation!
my nose fucking hurts and u left me a scratch !
Even though it’s Mifflin, that’s not an excuse to be drunk and disorderly.
(: sorry about the lighting $: I took the pic in my bathroom haha
#YouAintNoGoodIf you don't like country music. 🎵
Greetings on the Feast of the Circumcision of Our Lord!
RT ": #PinkPost I am strong and ready for the challenges that may come #affirmation"
#Str8LykeDes... Lmao ii see I'm getting in shit that doesn't gotta do wit me..
I can't even correctly insert the straw in a capri sun everytime... So, no.
Traffic jam on 16 east , awesome 😒🔫
hey buddy! Just wanted to tweet ya a quick "hello"
No! Mine is the 10th. But my friends is on the 28th! And she's turning 12 that day! o:!!
iS BAD AF!
where are you guys tailgating? Swear I'm not a stalker BoomerSooner!
6 tracks down 13 to go. Tomorrow it looks like.
Great movie! OK. Here is what you should do: 1) Keep watching that movie. 2) Move to DC. Yes?
so close. I was sweating the 4th quarter. I'm just hoping one of us can take down
looking forward to today, spending time with some great #nwindiana colleagues
I think I'm in Love Again...Are You The Prototype ??
Lots early birds already milling around #uwmopenhouse...does that mean we should start offering more 8 a.m. classes?
Just name the day...RT : Did a business lunch this afternoon. Safe to say I could do more of those.
sounds like it's going to be a great
You are awesome! And I love when you add things on here and FB you always make my day. <3
Titanoboa, #monstersnake installation still in progress The snake is incredible--HUGE, frighteningly realistic!
did u fight anyone this time? Hm
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet. I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
Thank you! <3
Snow showers ending around Central Ohio leaving cold temps. Wet & slushy roads may become slick & icy overnight. Drive carefully in the am!
-thank you :)
Really excited about the new Threaded Type tee design!
Happy Thanksgiving!! XD
Past MCN yes via website and many speakers via SlideShare, AAM charges for access (best I know).
Hats off to Pudge today. Couldn't imagine being a big leaguer at 17. Glad he's retiring a Ranger (but go Cards!).
Why do you think too much is made of your remark? I think it was a strong and false statement.
Across the street from my office is a huge "harry potter" store. 3000 square feet of just harry potter.. kinda weirded out ..
im right here nigga lets chill this weekend
Hey everyone make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games no matter were you live we show all the games enjoy.
...hmm i wonder what i did...
there is some HIDEOUS nail art on when did this become a thing
That was a bitch Molina had that fight I wanna see an immediate rematch!
De nada. We enjoy your tweets! RT : Many thanks! Happy Friday!
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
When girls take pictures in the bathroom at school! Haha :)
Time to wake and bake, rise and roast, get up and lit up. Maybe even get strong and use a bong.
okc gets the opening tip.. lets see what they wanna do with it... oh they wanna turn it over.. i can deal with that
Demon day 3 done..
how are u? today avril
practice girl practice! We do love our Red Bull!
#1ICONicYear "Hi im Louis & im 10" "i don't judge men" "were the iconic BOYZ from englishtown new jersey" "iconic BOYZ we da crew"
golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
just return everything
so great that they notice this issue as well.
Thanks for the favorite!
Happy birthday to
Fantasy sleeper #bills defense?
Join a Spring Bowling League and be eligible to win $50,000. Ask us how you can win?
Thanks you Thanks so much Bigs Twugs
Great day talking to current and future leaders at PaLA Annual Conference #pala2011. Also enjoyed last night's #palatweetup at Otto's.
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
Can't wait to hear what Time Magazine mom has to say on the Today Show
got a bunch of shit to do in the morning. so im going to bed so I can wake up. ahaha. goodnight!(: party tomorrow night weeheww
Keep us informed. Our power is out in WL!!
#EventProfs: What online tools/sites do you use the most for planning a meeting? We're comparing them to the ones nonprofessionals use.
Very cool, Denise! Best of the year I would say! RT: how cool was that interview?
Best of luck to all my bandies tonight! Wish more than anything I could be there, but I know you all will do great!
Just feeding my dreams of being a stewardess in the 60s!
I see how that's beautiful in a way but my soul can't help but completely disagree
Exams are grueling!
a ravens fan in Pittsburgh is a major sign of bitch-assness
Congrats for being our 90th follower!! :3
So far, so good...no squirrels on feeders (not that I could see, at least.) :-)
I agree.As a fan we can boo,cheer,yell,in Detroit throw squids,but that whole thing with Joel was sad and ugly
burned 588 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Lord open up the door
yea its near bound brook and somerset
Alright, I'll be sure not to call you unless I know your up.
bout to do work on this pro tools
HI! Twitter! What are you doing? Im just eating some dinner! :)
was tht a joke?
im about to get on FLVS
of course they are!
Time to save the night?
Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments! Wonderful experience!
When thinks he isn't the 'perfect guy' <
I think I found a new show to watch. SCANDAL!!!!! Yall might want to get on the team
it's okay...there's nothing..
We actually went over this in nutrition, which I should be studying for.
Would you rather be younger than 20 or older than 50?
Watching the grinch who stole Christmas with two adorable boys :-)
Prom was poppin #2012 all day
yes! for the next 30 days I am a free woman!
I so want to take you up on that but turkey prep trumps Muppets! Ugh!
Waiting for this phone call from before bed. Too tired..
I feel like high school student councils get more done than state govt. State govts would probably avoid voting on prom themes.
Finally caught up on SMASH. Overwhelmed; in the best possible way (I think).
Went great--just one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
thanks for the retweet!
we have several any specific genre
you are quite the little skin chef! love!
m...me wantee
Making gravy has always been the death of me. Not today, lovely, smooth and delicious!
The camera & sound people need to get on the ball with the introductions. Heard Montclair, NJ that's it.
It is way too hot outside... Who wants an ice cold #beer?!?
NTU's Moylan: the point of retrans reform isn't to favor any side in the bargaining, it's to favor consumers
Today was a good day!
Quote of the day: "I've been to the places you have many memories, but let's make some memories of our own."
To this dude in front of me we get it ur gay but y do you have to try so hard
Out of things to say now. Nothng more, nothing less.
OMG in adrianna and your we are youung vid . were did you get your bathing suit . I love it and the video ! :)
Thanks for the follow.
The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Oh hell no this n word did not juss thro dirt on me
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
1 lb per week is the perfect, sustainable pace :-)
Happy Birthday!
OH YOU KNOW IT! (:
When you put #God first, all else is added onto you. He knows your needs. He knows your #heart. He will complete you & your life.
we gon do Fl. style! Straight Bay all day in da A baby!
Sorry.. Stop saying sorry. Okay, sorry! I so do this LOL
The first platform session went well this morning - great talks and good coffee. Time for posters/exhibits!
At for first time since my wedding there. That's over a year. Shameful!
#ThingsIwantTheMost - things to get better :'(
Va gov signs bills requiring local school boards to adopt/implement policies for epinephrine in public schools.
thanks for sharing!
true. I guess that's why you threw it at an old lady! >:o)
I'm off old national sweetie.. not to far.
I am so tired -_-
idk I haven't asked anyone else
I LOVE THE MEGABUS!
If i have to do this you do too. I enjoy eggs, but your face I enjoy more.
The ability to convert ideas to things (dance) is the secret to outward success (Flamenco!). - Henry Ward Beecher (& me)
I think I drink too much of that, too
united service has gone downhill since merger.. was a huge fan previously
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying .. I can never be satisfied with anyone .. blockhead enough to have me.
very much agreed its the best. If you haven't had it try the Love Cado.
Rainy Monday...wish i was at home in bed...
Of course, you're my little parsnip.
Watch out for those in Orlando on #AllStarWeekend. I hear they are dangerous
how r u?
The Diversity Platinum Card and Jagermeister present RAPTURE The Ultimate Pride Dance, Nov 5 - Hotel Zoso Go to www.rapturepspride.com
Crimped hair is coming my way.
Ha! You might be a redneck if.....lol
Where do I take this pain of mine?
Thanks to Young Literati member, Howard, for taking the Stay Home and Read a Book Ball and running with it!
We just had a great meeting to talk about all our great community partners and programs in #Buffalo with office. Thanks!
Does it hurt, to know I'll never be there? -Kelly Clarkson
Be honest with yourself: What's motivating U today? Why are doing what u r doing? R ur actions likely 2 produce the results u really want?
lright everyone! Treat has been given! :D We put up our Intro and a better version of "Let it go sport" We also put up "Self Made"!!! :D
Cajun big easy on deck...
I Have to get one more followerr... HELP ME AND IL LOVE YOU FOREVER.
I think my twenties included at least one existential crisis per annum.
that looks like so much fun!!!
your welcome! :) thanks for participating in the video! spread the word! :)
We just did another round on the website. Tell us what you think. LeftHandClothing.com
Hello-fest! Actually, tonight it was SHRIMP TACOS!
Some "Bieber" fans are so fucking stupid! Immature assholes !
Global Domination Mr. Noble FE Click Out! Chuuuuuuchhhh
My headache's finally gone.
I grasp on to my music endeavors to hide from the true pain I feel inside. It keeps me sane and gives me a sense of hope.
"moths are the heralds, or better yet, the guardians of eternity,”. -Castaneda
My favorite part of #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck : sometimes its a noun; other times, a verb (& at least once, an adjective)
its all good ashley!
philip phillips from american idol is just so... dreamy. haha. <3
You kicked ass, lady! RT : Post-show Canters with Awesomeness
#Imagine You and Niall are going through all your hate on twitter and Niall holds your hands looks into your eyes and says,"Your beautiful."
Day 1 in Seattle and already at pride. This summer is off to a great start.
Yea that's him. I'm sure Gimenez doesn't give a shit
Ever flip through your Facebook photos and watch yourself Benjamin Button?
Could it be that Sheen is on a substance that isn't checked by your standard drug test? Like rhinoceros adrenaline?
It only took 8hrs and I won the stand off!!!
Honored to host #OMMA Influencer dinner in #SF for thought leaders & more
good luck kevin. i'll follow you on the ny marathon app.
i only want summer to come so i can still teach you soccer
is just the numbers plus efficiency
#ConfessionNight some times I feel like I don't want Austin to become more famous cuz I miss how it use to be, but I'm so happy for him<3
When I first saw 'cologne' I thought Köln
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 6
Got the cutest bathing suits today :)
RT Im confident and pleased with my diet and exercise!
Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers live at Paoli Pub in Belleville, WI tomorrow 3pm-7pm!
along with attacking basically my whole body, organs & nerves, it has wrecked my spine. Just had new x-rays & MRIs....
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
Kill him for his late game passiveness, his missed FTs and his bad stepbacks.
Still doing any virtualization? Good luck with the job move!
The only Waunakee in the world!!!
"In a booth in the corner with the lights down low, I was movin' in fast, she was takin' it slow..."
ewan mcgregor is brilliant in i love you phillip morris!
Goddamnit, I'm still a Cubs fan.
"He's got fists like empanadas. And he's my best friend."
I could care less who won, I just wanted game 7 to give me something to watch
Hahahaha I better see you soon. I missed you at #HighCottonFormal 💗💗💗
Anyways someone should text my line
Get to know yourself. Use your self knowledge to better understand others and build mutually beneficial relationships with them.
I love the #grind its all i know
No more Mr Nice Guy hello Mr nice watch
I feel like a machine today! Uh!!! Blog posts! Work! Dropping off clothes at Secondi! Pilates! Getting clothes tailored! Uh!
Ha! Classic.
#craigowens is sexy.
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u gain 1 follower and u get a so and da 1st 7 ppl who do get 34 followers
My house smells like plumeria!
"If you weren't miserable about the way the Caps season ended on Sat nite, then you probably are now"
Faith is daring of the soul to go farther than it can see. ~Ouida
will the flood behind me put out the fire inside me........
KU up by 12 with 30 sec. to go. Why is UNC still fouling?
and they don't give you ssh access. :(
About to make a video for and (:
Extended Hours: Library open until 2am for students/staff/faculty on Dec. 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, & 16. Computer help will be available.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.” ― Emily Dickinson
AHA is hospitals, not docs RT : #HITsm T2 ... the reality of EHR uptake, readiness and MD disconnect.
Positive vibes and prayers to Coach Pat Summitt, a true legend of our game.
Been wanting to listen to "I'm In Love With A Stripper" by T-Pain al day.
"He expected judgment from them, he himself stood in the crowd that stared at him." - B. Brecht on travel.
WE CARE SPA ROCKS!!!
Longer Stronger hit the homepage of thesixtyone.com
4 every dropout there is a man picking up his diploma's and degree's. I want the cleanup man not the 1 who quits. ~bld~
I wake up at 8 in the morning for my bestfriend, so she doesn't have to go get a shot alone.
SEEING WILLIAM BECKETT FRIDAY.
Also glad that the person who ordered wedding certificates in London received them yesterday . . . took three months to clear customs!
RT Brave the weather for some outdoor exercise. You'll be glad you did.
nope. In many cases, water is being transported away from watersheds and not replenished.
lol, you did not just sus face me -.-
When it's not raining, delay it. When it is raining, play through.
. Exciting! We're in a great mood too! Sip Sip! DD makes everything better for #smallbusiness owners!
Eat healthy but dont be a tool about. The sec you grow out a new age pony tail and wear silk you should go back to burger king
With that...I say "see you in a few hours for lineups".
For it! Getting married Memorial Day Weekend '11. Polled friends/family on my wedding blog before setting the date.
Initial text setting of #OksanaG Act 2 done. Now it's time to decide which bits are actually any good! :)
good deal
Ill b on keys with the julian tanaka quartet 2nite @ the arts factory 10pm-1am las vegas,,,,
Late night Ustream with Skylar later
Buying my tickets for THG tonight! I don't get to go until Saturday, but at least my brother and dad get to come with us!!
wat up homie checking in from da ill mil!
No Doubt Bro.Hopefully I Make it Out That Way Soon. Needa Put Me On the Ticket Lets Get it JKBut I Appreciate That
Aerodynamic / Digital Love / Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Daft Punk - Discovery) - The whole album is outstanding, however.
Love me some short handed goodness!!!!!!
your very pretty!please tweet back
thanks for the plug! Glad we did a good job 4 u! Have a good weekend!
I hope you say that because I know Ricky, not because I want to marry him.
Aww! Well I hope you do someday!!! <3
o yea border line genius work over here haha
so what's due tomorrow ?
Congrads to Frank Carti and the Indian Hills Braves on a Bergen County playoff appearance after last nights 18-7 win on MSG VARSITY!!!!
Good thing these coors cans have vent holes ...
whats the best way to cook pork kidney?
but its all good tho
My b day weekend. freek'em dress heffas! Time to party
What's to eat? Here it is Spinach Quiche and a Lentil Salad with a Vinaigrette and Pine Nuts.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tweet a ton of depressing stuff, according to (;
a loser! RT : This afternoon, LeBron is ....
So beautiful,
So the death is confirmed wow, RIP Junior Seau great football player and great man!
i follow u
#RVA hold on just a little longer! Relief is in sight! Sun and 60's arrive tomorrow!
"big data" is one stupid neologism. Can we stop selling blog adverts with it?
Perfectionism and Procrastination are closely linked. They can both DISABLE anything you are trying to accomplish....
Knee trouble forces Nadal out of Miami Rafael Nadal withdrew from the Miami Masters prior to his scheduled semi final against Andy Murray
I would prefer anything over being #InSchool .
You graduated from the "streets"? That must look wonderful on a job application.
Looking forward to #THATCampVA today
That you can't.
You CAN have creativity without passion and joy, but it's a lot easier to have constant creative flow in your life WITH those things.
SECCA needs your help for an upcoming exhibition. We need a hot dog cart -- yep, that's right, a hot dog cart. Call 725-1904 with offers.
If you wanna leave I can guarantee you won't find anybody else like me.
I'm good....for now
I rather live enormous than die dormant that's how we on it
Shouldn't have stayed outside that long
I loved you on BGC8 you were so real!
FYI there's a big police action on 8th ave be between 66th & 67th.
OMG*-* sexy bahaha
Had our guys #Remede in the studio last night. Watch out world, they're coming for you!
is with on the tour bus!
$GOOG has rolled over this time last yr & the yr b4 last. not convinced yet this yr will be different. watching.
OMG this is really hard to watch!!
Man, these damn meds >.<
Don't shave off any evidence!
weird we are the only state using that. Forward!
So excited about tomorrow. My birthday, cake with family and then movie date. :)
what does it take for you to follow me?! I'll do anythingg!!!
RT : #bbcsum12 I must have misheard - tobacco comps funding broadband rollout? <- Couple states cut deals with them..
Very talented
The jets picked up the wrong robert griffin
You know it been awhile when you get "excited" when the wind blow!!
Weather Service: yes, it was a tornado
Did you try one? RT : Having lunch in #Carmel. Fresh waffle cones smell pretty good.
Night lovies I got 3 hour to sleep hehe I was read fan fiction night ::)
Getting ready to meet up with Mikey at SFO for the league of dorks draft tomorrow. I need a bloody Mary desperately!
We are on the search for the next Les Dawson
“: When adults napped from 2-4 p.m., they performed better on tests & fell asleep faster at night" *attention ALL Employers*
expanding my crappy pop music library for today's five miler. thanks Ke$ha and Taio Cruz!
hahah it's the truth! So freaking funny! I almost like it better (;
Can you imagine taking a huge dump like pissin out her ass ?? I can't ! Lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 21
Man this shit crazy I been up here for this drug test for 3 fuckin hours
Couldn't have said it better!
just a little :)
RT : RT : Pointing out problems w/o seeking solutions is useless.
This game is gonna end in a rumble
You were AMAZING at Spin last night, esp your money kills art speech. #fuckyeah Absolut Vodka's worst nightmare.
what? join me in what? being awesome? Oh, sorry.
you're on, bro.
Be sure to follow RT : Got excited just now when i saw the notification. I was like OHH!!! Toi just followed me!
bored in the hospital.
hey!! I'm back!! Are you back in school? When do you go to Mexico?
Keep it coming! Was just put on avail for a comercial.
cool, look forward to it. If you need to change when for any reason just let me know, should be fine x
the job app goes up Tuesday. Now I know they don't usually hire incoming college freshman but it doesn't hurt to try!
go suck your own dick
nothing ma'am
I would never get any work done bc I miss you so much and would want to talk the whole time!!! will you be at festival later?
Why do shorties look up to Marilyn Monroe?? I really wanna know tho.. all she was was a hoe.. or am I wrong?
At little sisters graduation
Nice relaxing afternoon.
The awkward moment when you walk up to a glass door&the lady inside stares at you dead in the eye...
If is really dating I think Jon Hamm was right: "....stupidity is certainly celebrated."
y viste la 4 la de afterlife
Hey, are you guys coming out with a new Harvest Moon anytime soon? Like, for the Wii? :D
Are you home? my phone is broken so I can't call.
I'm having a normal person type of day.
aLRight !!(: I just told Lai & She Giggled !!! Her misses yuuuu :'( yu better come now
na, your cole.
my favorite channel follows me!!! I used to watch my favorite show Code Lyoko on this channel! An honor.
At the end of the day , YOU might be feeling someone is comprimising , but you miss the whole fact of the inspiriation that took place .
word up we all got to eat we a family
I will be tonight for #foodtrucks and #HEAT! You guys should all head out there! 850 NW LeJuene rd
Can't wait till Manana. 💗🍻
Surge Squad tailgate May 7 before The #PittsburghPower take on the
Was thinking, what a great life to be able to play music. And, a glass of wine and thou.
agreed. Great displays of mental strength from was he tweeting without the handbrake on? I think so, yes.
": coo. Which one?" I only have 1foo !
Je m'appelle Mitt Romney & I insulted an ex president who served his country honorably. BTW, I hid in France to avoid the Vietnam war.
Hey everybody is doing an awesome beer dinner with April 2. Spots are filling up fast so call Bacchus for reservations
Happy Birthday My Long Lost Sister <3 . I Love You .
#RIPTHERUNAWAY yes lil kim! Giving couture!
boredom ....I'm lonely as fuck too. Thought I bagged a shorty but these rap and radio dudes do to much.
Preparing for sleep with a monster and peanut butter sandwiches. We hit the road tomorrow. Don't miss the Wolf Pack Tour date in your area!
That was awesome, go
Ha ha you guys could just come over to my house and we can all make lasagna together that would be more fun than Denny's
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7 & 7:30! iPad, iPod Touch, or Macbook? What's in store tonight? Watch & find out!
Great! Look forward to your submission! We will be live on Dan Savage's Lovecast this afternoon. Will try to give you a plug.
what have u been up to lately
sext me meow
Hahaha!! Well played! And great idea!
I always have visions of things that might happen... & they tend TO HAPPEN! Creepy.
that looks awesome... where is that?!
(in a deep voice) "Can you tell me where the pulled pork sandwiches are?" #bestpickupline?
Wuthering Heights because Mr Darcy has set expectations far too high.
There are few airs I inhale more deeply than those freshly scented by a morning rain.
good morning tweeps!!!
Realizing how weird you really are and wondering how you even have friends.
Shout out 2 all the Laker fans not tweetin, answerin texts, calls, leavin their houses, #enjoy Sincerely
Thursday " Ladies Night " @ Mambocafe Dallas !! Daniel Boom dj in the Mix and XOdallas broadcasting live !! $1 Margaritas 'til 11 P.M.
I locked myself out of the house, walked to work in flip flops, spilled something in my purse, and had vendor issues. Will cut a bitch.
i feel you.. I see understandble
Great idea!
you're very welcome. Please email me so we can partner up with our soon to be released mobile app on iPhones and soon Androids
well alright. Let me know the details and I'll work to contribute what I can. That sounds like a great session. Thanks!
To: CAROLYN, please have a great trip to Napa and PARIS!! We <3 you. From: INDUSTRY
The UNM Lobos won a nail biter yesterday. How is your bracket looking so far?
Three great places to celebrate NYE!~
Damn! Let's have a reunion SOON. Pete, if you wanna go tonight, I am game for literally any time. No presh.
Oopsie! I meant to! I will add it! *blushing*
just missing your hawt ass ;D o and being all excited to get drunk and go tanning
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
Rise & Grind. Tomorrow is Friday! Have a great Thursday Tweeple. Good morning!!
ion even know y'all
Back in LA after a successful Vegas Cakeover : ) Check our Website and FB to see when were back!
You don't, you just exit the application.RT : How do u log off tweetcaster
I came ThisClose to actually managing to change my flat tire all by myself today... foiled by lug nuts again!
lmao damn MJ was that god? he was key on them squads though
RT Need sexy ladies for video shoot for this song next month in the Nashville TN area! Money Mac feat Raqqi_Work That Body htt
Scott is at Atl fall fit fest with Dr. Oz and Stepp Stewart. Come down to int.convention center. Scott is here till 5
Sanibel island. Where restaurants don't know what salt is.
I've been alright, lookin' for a new job. How've you been?
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
Just got home
Your photos are beautiful! Never been, but hoping to make the trip on the fall or next spring. Can't wait!
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
why do you still get money from him?? I thought u had a big girl job
i should get an evanescence tattoo y/n
What movie are we gunna watch ? NOTHING SAD , please !
its been too long J!
Anxiety is often driven by our negative thoughts. Try replacing those with positive thoughts, it will help improve your outlook and mood!
its the sad truth. We'd all like to go back when shit was perfect, but unless the outcome changes, I dont think its worth it D:
“: u should already no what u did!! U cheated duh!!!” chick please who's fillin yo head up wit dese lies dawg?
Dizzy G and Harlem Renaissance lit are actually slightly making me enjoy writing this paper.
and by fancy, you mean Bud Lite Lime, right? I guess I could try it...
My favorite part about being a massive celebrity will be checking myself into rehab for "exhaustion". Can't wait for that full night sleep.
I still can't even describe how happy I am!!! I feel like its christmas.... but better!
I seriously need my bestfriend to text me like ASAP...
So happy to be able 2 talk to the #roc vets 2day. Lots of businesses for us to support.
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
lol why my house?
big Belieber lol. And thanks, I enjoy your company also
I want no parts of work today. I really don't. I wanna go back to sleep.
Are you going to be in attendance?
Strength isn't measured by muscle...
we'll be there in no time
lol well you already know :*
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
Woah just saw I had 666 tweets, gotta change that quick
Thx for the follows
"but if home is where the heart is, my heart is at a distance..." 💜🏠
Each time Groupon uses "fare" in a daily email, a kitten dies.
no problem!
THUNDER NATION, LA IS OVER!!!!!! TOO OLD
hi my friend
oh i want to go to there.
Hey my cousin's dog has the same name as your sister. You should follow me :)
#genios I also enjoyed 'raper' as a profession.
and I'm used to you not liking me
r u creeping?(; if you are can you please follow me??(:
Hey thanks for the follow!! :) I followed you back!
OMG I miss you 2 when are you coming back home!!!
Why Anderson Cooper was in B-more a few weeks ago MT : , talk w on Sun
Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun (Ecclesiastes 11:7) Its a blessing to be able to see another day
try now
Who the hell are “Burners, ” anyway? A few months ago I was asked, in one of those email groups where people ask each other things like t
That's cool. Love fireworks..I was born July 3rd guess that's y. Have fun!!!!
we're Sugar's largest provider of dev/engineering services. email us,
Hay hay!
only one NBA game on today the withdrawals are starting to set in dont worry I am ok now
Thanks for the follow... Orphanz baby! Join the movement~
They look at me up & down without nothing to say, but its funny all the words come out once I walk away.
It is not the hook or the rod, but the bait that lures. - Spanish Proverb
Wow. 99% of your recent tweets for Pinterest links. Unfollow.
Carrie Underwood sounded like shit on idol. She just yells... Jessica sings way better!
“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.” ― Steve Martin
Tonight it's JR's turn to shine... laying that foundation of #bass so we can build this house of rock! #Lowend Power!
looking forward to hearing more about your great week!
Saturday & Sunday both sound pretty great, to me. Not sure if it'll work out but it's fun to daydream...
Thank you for all of your support! You are amazing!!
Antenna-Sharing IC simultaenously delivers signal to several RF receivers.
I just assumed it was saying the dinos were gay. But it kind of surprised me that that one was a finalist.
hey! Glad you like it. Plenty more where that came from. :)
i'm drunk, what's up bitches!! lol jk but i am single..and this is a fact.
I figured the less sugar the less uglier skin hahah
bummer. send me an email, Andrea and I'll give you some contacts
getting ur old scarf<<<<
Obama says he personally supports same-sex marriage. Does this make him more or less electable in November? Thoughts?
Still can't get used to how early darkness settles in! It destabilizes my working energy.
B man go ahead and do your thing you still one of the best songwriters ever and you have that artistic freedom
RT : RT : Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.-Gordon B. Hinckley
Headed to show at #SPADES with and watch em,spark the stage.. Yet again!!!
But I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me.
Great board meeting tonight. We have a jam-packed winter - stay tuned for exciting things!
Kester Edwards talks about breaking down barriers--race and ability--through at renaming of Montgomery Co. Aquatic Center.
tonight in LALALALALALALAyay
Nice to meet you Conal.
revo sd planning conference call today!
every family that ever came during the 10 wk library series of sing/dancing mother goose style came 2 today's party. rainy as usual and FUN
you think?
On the rooftop of Team 10 Studios doing a photo shoot next to the pool with Atlanta skyline as the backdrop!
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver cheat on someone or lie to them
Haven't slept yet. I think it's bedtime. Night!
Rich concerned about library being burned to the ground? sounds like we need multiple copies... #lifelit> Let's conquer Mars then!?
if you hit it and killed it would that screw with your veganism?
So far, so good! A. de Fussigny Cognac is a great base for a
i'm home!
have any specials
prize #1 Caboodles Pro Cosmetic Case filled with Johnson's beauty products $60 value
Drew Brees is silly
#foodlabsummitdr REBO on #Haiti coffee 200k fams producing + yield. & quality would improve their condition- 30% for export informally to DR
RT “: dude I love you but I'm gonna have to unfollow you bc of nasty profile pic.”It's pretty scary! Closing my eyes.
what did zinn say?
I don't hear you, I'm blinded xx
"The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount." - B.F. Skinner.
Tired of being treated like shit....I'm done....I can not wait to leave!!
yo tatted now . . . Yeah boi" craig pops
Yes, I ruined your joke AND used bad grammar. Guess I'm not going to earn enough points for you to tweet me.
Good Luck and Sweet Dreams!! :)
Thank you Beth!
or try to discover the most discoverable places in #roc. Like pay phones from Verizon
Thank you very much!! :)
Happy Veterans Day to all who have served!
lol, KOBE's trying 2 have a "flu game" 2nite... :)
It was a foreshadowing for carnival.. And autocorrect 😜
do you have instagram?
RT - Hell ya my dad might get us tickets to the opening Monday night football game the Miami Dolphins vs New England Patriots...
Just walked by #tyga tour bus again in #Portland. Is he still here?
RT : Hope to do and proud at #CSMB2B in Philly tomorrow. OK nighty night! <Prez is gr8 Good Luck!
needs a win in Rockford and for to abuse the Milwaukee Admirals!
oh on that case then yes we must get this trending lol
With a team like and the sky is the limit!
#NowPlaying Heaven Knows Donna Summer
Cheer on team USA in the Women's World Cup Final today! 11am. Happy hour all day/night.
Lost my wallet & a very nice person turned it in to stewardess. She called my name over the loud speaker on the plane & brought it to me.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 39
PS- can we please come to Boston? Kthnx.
I'll bet you were dressed to kill...
is that offer still on for the return in detroit!!!!!!
soo the pirate game today,HELL YEAHH.
Hey do you have a phone number for anyone @ Nebraska Natl Guar, just called no one answered
Had a wonderful Valentine's Day dinner with my husband, mom, & son in downtown #bmore. Due to the long wait they gave us a free de…
lol no seriously
“: #Sagittarius like to be a first priority, it's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.”
I do have to say these r the two funniest girls I been with for awhile
g'morning cock a doodle do... cum n git it!
hey thanks for the shout! if u can, check out my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Love Selena. Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch. Great Movie.
This break really sucks. ..
can't wait!
oh no, feel better! But glad you're watching #GH!
Wish I could leave it all behind again
Having your tire go flat is a bad day. Having your spare go flat makes things even worse. PS. It's freezing outside
The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes!!!!!
Protect our children! Give them a voice!
Telling me one thing and doing something else
I would like to but I've learned the hard way to be careful what I announce too soon;) Plus I just forget to do it!
On my way to NYC to talk to RG3 at a Subway marketing event...oh it's early
Thank you for all the support!
Love our reaction to certain avatars. makes us hungry, in a yummy kid-like kind of way. Winning combo.
Yep that was me! If ur ever in Nashville look us up, we may just be playing together again :)
stop complaining! You get out before me.
1I'm pleasantly srprsd u were up n at pub, didn't know u loved real football, 2 they're gooner fans...can't expect more
would the current issue effect the FTP server? I'd call but it seems your main website is down too :P
N part due to the fact that alcohol is a poison, tolerated by our incredible bodies; yours is highly reactive
s/o my new followers
Thanks Elaine!
truth is, i can't stand the thought of being alone. i'm weak and can't deal with things on my own. what i'm trying to say is i need you
Good morning world, what's the deally today....efficiency, that's what.
Ladies #Icantstand to literally see the tracks in your hair
I am freaking out my teenage daughter. (And I like it.) LOL
Screw you, okc.
joe budden in the ear right now
i just went to check and see if it was like Armageddon or something
Its also a hell of a lot clearer. 52 confused me because I didn't know what was being rebooted and what wasn't.
Well, I literally don't have a pot to piss in. But I do have a toilet, which works much better, anyway.
Why is the Torch only available on AT&T? Worst. Service. Ever.
I haven't had a water gun fight In like 8 years.
you're so sweet. You'd be the greatest boyfriend (: Sarah's lucky.<3
Alright, I may be sub tweeting the shit out of oomf, but she really is fantastic. Lol
It's #laborday! We hope you're doing something fancy.
Was your first Monday night without football since August w/o football really that traumatic, Mr. Stella? --- removes noose from neck ---
Kind of wish the US was more like France and other nations, and inaugurated our President immediately following the election.
the shining, blade runner
cool you should've came to Envy last night it was poppin!
I really don't know how twitter would be w/o ' tweets. They're so perfect..they always make me laugh.
happy to. Hoping to be at #140conf as well. Thanks for a great day. & did an amazing job today at
SAVE MORE FLIES, DON'T BE A GAPER
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
If you play #NBALegend you should add me on FB.
Can't wait!
Cats win 8-3 over East Carolina to finish up the weekend. Thanks to all the fans and the FIJI guys for going crazy last night!
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin...
Ir u following back?
Thank you very much...Good advice. I realize the importance after an editor cleaned up my magazine article.
Jacob Latimore has some MAD dance skills, like NO JOKE! And he has a great voice,im starting to like him:)but IB is always gonna be my fave!
I texted you :)
I think it helps kids if you don't shelter them but do as Stephanie said, talk them through it.
Squirrels wreaked havoc in a West Linn neighborhood! Costing drivers hundreds of dollars in repairs. #squirrelsgonewild Story 5&6
I feel sick</3
traveled in to b'more 2x in the last 2 weeks, back again on Monday. Went 2 inner harbor loc both times. Food is bomb! DJ too!
Yes it is! and oh cool, i have a friend from the Philippines :] ♥
The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing!
St-Vincent was so good at #BKFerry that I bought the LP ... And the tee-shirt.
I work out :)
just saw in your following list! am i proud? "yes" am i jealous? "yes" do i still love U? "yes"
Really? Video available? We recorded a song with Scissor Sisters Del Marquis a few years ago. Sweet guy, great band.
I've been taking a little sabbatical from comedy. Longest time away while living in L.A. (2 weeks) I already feel hungry again.
meet me in the romance section.
counting the footsteps praying the floor won t fall threw again <3
I think just called me soft, insecure, and awkward.... #ohwell haha
yes, I was. Just got back this morning. Ready to tweet again about Boston sports and more!
miss #oomf just don't want to give in.
she is totally a stalker. TOTALLY.
Thanks, except I don't know what rec'd means? Is that Twitter speak for something?
Kesha strikes again! Her hair and make up is just like Jen's! And she's using her expressions and mannerisms smdh
Just watched district 9... GREAT movie. Makes me wonder how the world would actually respond in that situation.
whats good for tonight doe?
Where is your poll on your FB page? We don't see it.
Ha! That's funny.
thats what I do!
the minds eye can see for miles
haha oh! I like it to
I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing. It was good. Still don't like Terry Gross. Just don't think she's a great interviewer.
- enjoyed this video immensely
Thx for the love we need more people like you!
love being ignored..
my transport is New Jersey Bus, but I'll be in Manhatten. Busses "full" at library. What can I do?
Thank you, thank you!
that's right!
Lynn the landlord just ruined my life. </3
Don't worry, little pup, I love you too <3 I missed you in Seattle but I'll be sure to bring you some treats next time : )
haha go google Jesus Loves Stuff and check it out LOL!
My phone is alive :D
we are.
is the last boombox.
The day started off well with another audition. Keep 'em coming!!!
lol you guys did good!! It's the last class!! Woohoo!
Jotting notes for my marriage equality floor speech today. The theme: this IS the civil rights issue of our day.
I count myself fortunate, my 4-yr-old son is literal & goes for correct names like penis & breasts. He's young & very sharp.
I felt it was very interesting looking at the different cultural presentations that were shown, Narellan Jolly said.
All the best shoes were made before the year 2000. Air max 95's,ken griffey's,bo jackson,huaraches,barkley's etc.
is beautifuL and an awesome friend. c: <33
is flaunting her BEYOND STUNNING mother-of-four bod on & I could not be more inspired. MAJOR #Fabulosity!
The world says "backatcha"
Last 2 hours for free drink sends! Don't wait any longer this is such an amazing gift!
70 degrees on March 8th in #nyc means that no one knows how to dress. I've seen the whole gamut, shorts to down jackets.
That was like robot....to rainbow.
Wow. This week has proven that the people that make fake Louis Vuitton bags aren't even trying anymore.
#somedayitwillbe me to get rid of FCAT!
Tonight u'll find me at the Emerald Queen Casino off of exit #135 in Tacoma,WA w my cover band 4More.
not just any church member, a judeo-christian one; he leaves out mention of a large religious group: muslims
Benefit performance at my old HS.
attempting to write a resume even though i've never been employed a day in my life
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St. & Olin. $3.59/gal. Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
Would be the most WONDERFUL thing IF S Club re-united.....But, sorry to temper things, the Mail Online's article claims 'the band's PR
3 days ago
Joey Votto follows Stanton's lead ! Holy shit !!
In memory of those who we have lost RIP 9/11 <3
HIS EYES ARE JUST OMG!! i wanna steal them seriously!
Spent some time at a food bank distribution site in San Ysidro this morning. 200 people. Many arrived as early as 3:30 am for 8 am event.
I got sorted into Ravenclaw! Are we shocked? No? Me neither.
I know what my mom is doing. She is trying to starve me so she knows I will fit into my dress. #smoothone mom.
Please don't - I'm tanning vicariously. Love to you both, have a blast!
There's a FaceBook fan page for: Aretha Franklin's Inauguration Hat!
You are lucky and can sport both . . . BUT the length can compliment the style of dress and jewelry you are wearing
I find it attractive when a guy carries a girls books, its just so cute.
i love the sound of squishy milk between my toes
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here... CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
#FOLLOW too!!!
I mean the one with grapes, and barrels, and time. I assume both have had alcohol involved at some point.
Racked up shawty!
ha, my every morning routine exposed!
like jack Johnson and we also get a pick
never at #EdiblesRestaurant :)
*scraps' eyes spinning* the vet just gave scraps a shot of something. feel super sleepy. bye-bye, now. z
you are never alone..you have me :)
On my way to my drug class -.-
u like going there?
#HPMKT we have made a list and checked it twice. I'd rather be naughty than nice.
Paid the clerk at the gas station $16 in quarters! Lol xD
Boom. RT Zuckerberg laying out his nice dry-cleaned hoodie for tomorrow. Big day.
Flood control..Sandless sandbags-Simple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
thanks :) && I seriouslyy miss my ipod! I should be getting an iphone soon tho, lol :)
Yay! (And also, woah - how did the year pass so quickly?) It's Thanksgiving tomorrow! We are thankful for you. What are you thankful for?
My ears are still ringing.
Roll Call! RT : is anyone going to tonight?
where still in the ninth
Mark your calenders: January 15th we are competing in ! More info coming as it gets closer, for now help spread the word!
the district sleeps alone tonight... makes me so happys every time i listen to it
what a blessed day this is! :)
The afterparty better than/the rreeal party
Been Hard at in the Studio Lately, New Songs coming out Soon!
cant stop listening to - thanks again for sending some tunes my way.
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans! I would love to see you! :)
>> Aww *cries tears*
WOAHH HAVE TO FLY OUT TO NYC FOR NEW YORK COMIC CON LIKE NOW!!!!!
THANK YOU :)
#Debian Wheezy is already shipping #linux #kernel 3.0
Girls who tease their hair at my school look ridiculous
when you get it, plesa message us the ticket number...
deshon, did u start yet??
no wonder isaw smoke coming out his botty((:
I will need to explore that, much obliged.
I have a "thing" for 5ft women
Thanks for the retweet!
Does anyone have the numbers for McGee on Bynum vs. McGee not on Bynum?
on days?
who can dougie you say? i think is the best at it ;D
oh ya
STACK BANANA TILL THE MORNING COME.
I miss you too! #dontknowwhyileave Oh wait
I have just stopped looking for certain things in life , but I haven't given up !
wanting that one person to text you and they don't <<<<<
Good morning peeps!
Thanks for the RT!
Robin, we are very fortunate to have her in a wonderful hospital in St. Louis, but I do asked for prayers for her - Carol
Golf shot, Rickie!
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
Oh.my.gosh. <3 I LOVE !!!! Details later! <3
Falling in love is like the rain. It�s unpredictable, but there are always signs before it completely falls.
you have me glued to your every tweet now...
Just finished my first crossfit/boot camp class. Holy. Crap. This is going to hurt tomorrow.
True! Organizational support/assistance is vital. And gaining the support can be another challenge entirely
Awesome! Glad you like it! RT : your Nutritonic kombucha is so so good, and I never liked kombucha before.
ok, back to work...
I tried the Teletype first.
“What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.” –Bob Dylan
right there with you is where i want to be..
Hey you!!!!! Lol, your boy Kirk made it to the show!
i dont care what they say, im in love with you♥
Why was social media effective 4 #ArabSpring but not so w/ either #TroyDavis or #TrayvonMartin?
This is the best Easter basket I've gotten in .... ever.
Sad how you can't find that these days RT : Everyone wants to be taken, but nobody wants to be committed and faithful.
": i loved "Sleepover"" THANKS!!
My immune system is proving to be very unresponsive.
Ha! I have 10&11 yr olds. [RT Thrilled my 8-yr-old is writing his own fable. Not thrilled that it features Mario and Luigi.]
love it!! I can't believe it's your first!!
kinda, except with crank comments RT : "Isn't blogging kind of like yodeling into the abyss?" Richard Jesse Watson
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian blvd. fro more info look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Romo enters the game, promptly hangs a hit-me slider to Hart, but he can't keep it fair, still a bit of a scare for the faithful
As a writer, if you get the small details write, readers will "trust" you on bigger fictions. But mess up the small stuff...
We appreciate your support in making this awesome project happen!
my fave villains weren't there at all - dr. doom and galactus.
I betcha if Train Dreams was longer it would've won.
your face sucks!
4-18-81 #Superdome JYD & Dick Murdoch form race relations "dream team" in tag tournament
Come out to Arboretum Petco and meet the Wees today from 10 - 12. See you there!
Thanks for the RT!
wish I could! I don't ever deal with her personal (twitter) or pics/press stuff. Job boundary. Am sorry :(((
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer? I need ideas for my bedroom, stat.
hope you vom after :)
There IS a mouse in mouse hunt!
Always express your gratitude.
Do another 'She Can Get It' video? Please. :)
I Love My Husband So Much
great job on the #sobewff video!
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
we're screening my latest film at the Boulder Theater on May 24. Hope you can make it!
I'm at where students are getting petitions signed to support undocumented students and to end human trafficking. LOVE it!
Thanks! Keep an eye out. With any luck, you'll start seeing us around very soon!
isn't one of the tasks the girls actually won the task Diana was PM on? And all the work Aubrey has done they've lost at?!
Thank you.
Why no Isagenix? It's really great stuff.
Glad to see Gerard's work being tweeted about.
i hope you get better soon!
sinus surgery at 6 am. I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
I guess I finally need to figure out what I'm supposed to do about all these Google+ notifications. The interface is still a mystery to me.
Park in a hay field fog up the windshield my kinda killin' time😉
wait...I thought you started that trend?
SOMEONE, COME HOME SO I CAN TAKE YOUR CAR TO WALMART AND BUY MYSELF SNACKIES.
4 Hours And RoM Still Hasnt Finished Downloading. [Sad Face]]
You must be in Atlanta. The nice post office lady at one on Piedmont says the only way to fix it is to write to USPS
Daytime #curfews punish all juveniles indiscriminately, regardless of whether they are conforming to a public school schedule.
Manager just hit you up
yeeee  we def need to hang out this summer! Starting with Indy 500 craziness 
You da one :)
millie knows what treats are. millie also knows how to open the drawer to get her treats. she's a jerk.
are you Christian yes or no
I'm digging the color of tie tonight.
I paint with shapes.
Did they have to go so hard this episode?
Sorry. You bear no resemblance to liver, chopped or otherwise!
I have to go to sleeperoo. Goodnight boo<3
You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going ! #Take it How You Want
HE STARTING TO PISS ME OFF
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I can lose weight anytime I want: I just don't want to. What's your excuse?
Why Ike, whatever do you mean? Maybe poker's just not your game Ike. I know! Let's have a spelling contest //
Need to consider context as well as content when looking at social media from a retention standpoint.
love u to
Thinking how fun it would be to do the Will Ferrell staring contest video.
Ugh, just got glitter bombed.
BACK AT YA LIKE I NEVA LEFT.... S/O TO U! ALWAYS KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YA NETWORK U NEVA KNOW WHEN U MIGHT NEED IT...
Omg I had mine on since yesterday lol
one of the best new producers
best sign a fan had at the rangers game HAMILTON 18 HOMERUNS PUJOLS 1 LOL
Hello there my little sexual HOOKAH BEAR ;D
But the beach is SUPER FAR!!
Im not obsessive over my boyfriend, sorry i see other couples acting all cute. it makes me miss you.
My Next Boyfriend Will Be White . c;
Hi Dave! Thanks for the follow.
S/O to #JuicyEnt .
Hey, I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Any chance that you'll get video up at some point? I'm just listening to the audio stream now.
western new York
I love my mama.
Hot Uncle Cooper on The Big Bang Theory...whoa.
David Beckham is at Staples to teach 'em how to flop.
playin monica's love all over me mad loud....
The Large Endangered Birds
I will never win this game without you
Hot beatz my boy!!
Send me the ingredients. Imma have to make that. Do you put it in the blender?
Sometimes the world just isn't enough for some people.
Today's guests on the AFTERNOON DRIVE .... , , and #CareyWilliams ... it starts at 2pm
Some shady shit going on with the refs tonight
you find it refreshing to hear people speak ill of the dead? That speaks volumes about your character.
Find someone to help and they will notice you, no matter how famous they are
thank you! So nice to be part of the Show!
UPDATE: Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right & Center Lanes.. Fire still on scene. Tie up to SR-500.
One intern candidate even wrote a #haiku: OrangeAid Intern / They tell me it's fun but hard / But I've been ready. ~Elijah
Wow! Just had a convo w/ a customer who was a scientist and got banned by the U.S. gov from working w/ computers bc of 'bad' things he did.
i am going to try :) I haven't been to a thursday show in a while :) keep you posted
Kwame Brown gets a $7mm contract for one year....that's stealing. Get a clue NBA or your product will be forever damaged.
I'd love to have a Vanishing Point, but I can't justify the price tag. It needs to be about $100 cheaper...
Burlington Mall has a chick-fil-a.
Thursday April 5 Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
Any subject can be made interesting, and therefore any subject can be made boring.
Just tried it out. Very cool Judy!
Catching up on SMASH!!! Missed the last two episodes! Can't wait to see on the season finale on Monday!! #excited 😁😍😝😏
RT : Lifestyle marketing on FB is so important. Show people WHY they need your product or service. TREH
Special thanks to Lorenzo, James & Michelle for their focus, drive and passion that allowed this show to be possible.
Personal observations made years too late: too many stupid people have access to social media.
Violate me and I'ma make you hate me. :)
Now playing at small forward for the #Bulls...Yuniesky Betancourt.
I MUST see perform on Friday !!!!!!
Yep, especially since I started spending more time working on the Mac.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "for true change we need to fight against monopolies so people can save 10% in their spending"
Haven't played my xbox in a while
I will retire tonight with an even brighter smile. Thank you ;)
Meeting up with two beautiful ladies &
WOW that sounds awful. Make mine just a whiskey please. The Dutch have weird mixed drinks. Cheers
Or maybe it's not sold out? I just know it wasn't letting me get tickets online. I'll have to find out the old-fashioned way.
Simplicity is divine. Allowing your consumers to integrate their complexities with your simple design will create the best user experience.
Don't 'Turn Up' around me... First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
I Wish Would RT Thiss<33 LOVE YOU ALEX
Parents should not be criticized for protecting their children. It's their right and their responsibility.
That Jetsets As Well.
Thanks to you both for pointing out some out-of-date language on our website! That was also an old membership list.
One of the greatest Christina-isms of all time.
I hope you'll still be tweeting.
Hey there. Have you recieved any Canopy products yet?
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart -Winnie the Pooh💛
lol same here. That song is addicting.
If you're not going north of Crestview (Airport & Lamar), it's a dolla for a 2-hr pass. They run about once an hour.
....good stuff
I said oh yeah I forgot to mention. I wouldn't trade a single day for 100 years the other way..
Good job! Thanks for playing!
Ask San Ramon Police Chief Scott Holder where he got stats showing 60% of all juv'l crime is committed on wkdys btwn 8-3 p.m.
10x action bands, a daily reminder, like live strong bands on steroids
Bed, don't let me upp!
Eyes are bad so i will be off for a few days. keep info about my book on the other posts #blooddrainbook #vampire thanks new book out now
Last minute shopping for my moms gift
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Hey haters you ready for #BOYFRIEND to come out and for to shoot to the top?.... again?
Agreed, but do you think companies are doing this? Or just the initial part?
♀If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse♀
nice TV
cuz he's the perfect combo of size, speed and a shot more accurate then an Olympic archer
Time for bed..... Really tired....Everyone have a goodnight :-)
We, as Americans, Actually Bankrupted AMR
DARN IT!!!! I was this close to finishing my Etch-a-Sketch masterpiece
'Travel Groupie'....I like that. :)
everyday im shufflin ;D
I know, right? I feel so bourgeoisie.
: I see sneakers are back on the extremely profitable items list.. Might get these Lebrons what's the projected flip #NT ?
It's a plug for my new tango ensemble, HotSpacho.
#BandsILove all time low. they got me into the music taste i have now. <3
wow! just wow! that woman on that abc clip must have worked in some alternate reality
I can't belive the boyz are being chippendales. Guess where I'm going trick-or-treating (;
: WHAT. This is awesome!
That is a shame but happens to many. Would have been cool to finally meet you.
American sausage in my English McMuffin
Words are your enemy, my love.
this is when you tell me my tweets are friggen awesome. :D
While other kids stay up late watching porn on their laptops, I watch classic tv.
Have you been to the conference before? It is great!
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
My team & I G.S.B auditioned & Im wondering when do we find out if we made it?
ask Randy Edsall.
...added your page. Getting an education on how waivers work over on my page. I'm a
thanks for the mention too! lol
Welcome, proud of you for that first step. Try out lots of meetings, you will find ones that feel right. <3
How is everyone's Monday going? What type of workout did you do today?
Need to wake up damnittt, Monday morning is going to be a slap in the face
Set clocks back an hour tonight..
“: Roommate is sleeping all day which means he'll be up all night again -_-" I know exactly how that goes!
REHEHEALLY hard for retarded people to learn new things and have to discuss them over the phone without pissing off the other person!!!!!!!
Couldn't be happier for the Wolves!
were you the daughter...this called for a woman with a 17 year old daughter...
Morning panelist session is over. Time for lunch, poster session and breakout groups!
I honestly love writing the study limitations section of academic papers. It's so liberating.
yeah I love History Channel, interesting classy stuff indeed
Fruit Loops & hot cheetos is doing it right now, I'm even dangling my feet & humming HAPPY ME!
hope u get some good R&R :)
Funny how I used to do anything and everything to avoid having the title of "Soc" - would never have wanted to be called "Social"
Abbrevs are taking over my life
I keep trying to get the music to play louder through my earphones. Volume up, volume up. Probably a bad sign, right? Swear it seems softer.
Lol I saw after the fact
talking Hipmunk at #140cuse. Great tool - sorts flights by agony level. No, seriously.
Happy Monday, fans. Let's accomplish something today!
Don’t let life be a burden. We all know something about being burden.
im about to break in to a verizon store and just take an iphone bahahaha JK
hahah yeah till try! thatd suck =p and btw great job with the cover! sounds really good and also really clear!
Philips, TPV finally ink television joint venture: The companies initially planned to start their partnership late last year, but the...
The pic is so cute!! Your little ladies are so beautiful enjoy!!
Getting ready, making DVDs, wondering how WE ARE WISCONSIN will be received in Canada. Happy May Day everyone! Amie, the Director of WAW
It was $5 mil from Sheldon, then $5 mil more from his wife, Dr. Miriam.
hey Nathan can u follow me?
So excited for my mini vacation to otown this weekend!!
CANCELING THE FINDER & SECRET CIRCLE, THE RIVER? YOU GUYS SUCK. ..... How's everyone's day?
Wow. RT : Let me get this straight. The #Sounders are 7-1-1, have won 5 in a row and have allowed 3 goals on the year?
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Inspired Farmers workshop starting in 20 mins at Transform a Street on Richmond. Come on Down!
We are goba v
I can't believe it's the last episode for
sick bro
I know it's only 9:25, but I'm thinking about pulling the plug on today.
Just realized I can't play Skyrama anymore since Taiwan is part of China.
Off to play some 1/2 at Indiana Live.
- Joing the #adamstheory talking #Texas recruiting. Interview will be posted to www.espnaustin.com soon.
Yup! -Especially when one isn't trying to compromise, but tryna call all the shots -_-
Which QB are you sick of hearing about; Vick, or Farve?
This is where wearables would come in handy. There's just the dizziness problem to deal with...
no problem :) and thanks for following back!
Hey Amy! Thanks for stopping by yesterday. We hope your Monday is off to a great start -- any big plans for the week?
Kunimasa Suzuki appointed new President, CEO of Sony Mobile - MobileWitch (press release)
Our friends from will be in the house shortly. Enjoy some delicious beer and food paired together perfectly for your enjoyment
...good evening!!!
"Oops." Omg love you.
I wonder how some people can sleep so much ! #envioustweet 😒
Used to really like Madonna - Hoped I'd love Half-time but it was just bizarre. Still way better than Gaga tho - she doesn't wear raw meat.
Leadership is influence. - John C. Maxwell
Packing for Muncie. Tons of fun...
On that late night COMMON tip
give me one reason why i shouldnt hate you
Hahaha. That's true.
It is ALWAYS a great experience to spend time
How about that? The center really will not hold. (I thought that was just something people talked about in books.)
Ah twitter seriously has changed so much, I am still use to the original format. I didn't realize I'd been off that long!
yay. We both in club team extremely lonely lol
Aww well I'll talk to you
thanks for the poster love! For the most part all credit goes to & Garrett Ross &
Ain't no thang. Thanks for writing!
Had to miss school today becuz i got a job interview at hooters hotel casino.
The Sundell spider! That jewelry case is full of good stuff.
13 days left of school. :) I'm so ready for summer.
I'm not sure i'll look
they are so good
Edamame is a much better vice anyway.
re pelosi film: Almost every scene is in a southern baptist church or of people shouting about abortion. No bighollywood.com types seen here
WTF. We just had an earthquake??
This breaks my heart. Please know I will be praying for you!!!
Our performance tomorrow at The Purple Fiddle will help keep music alive in WV and benefit Japan's relief efforts. www.purplefiddle.com
Still utterly confused by webpages with black bg and white text. Point is to bring 'em back for more, not make their eyes bleed.
It's just like the dot com bubble. A shit ton of offerings, we're all spread thin testing them out... but only a few will survive.
Tonight's mussels: 'Black Earth Valley' Chicken of the woods mushroom & baby tomatoes, 'Garden to Be' Anaheim Peppers, Light Cream Broth
Rushers Love Big Time Moms :) hope you're having a great day and the other 4k's are spoiling you!
o ok..i tought you was from here...do u ever come to the MIL?
Birds of a feather flock together on today's show! Be sure to watch in just under 10 minutes!
RT : cannot talk about part of his code breaking because of a non-disclosure agreement with Microsoft
Lets go Sporting!
why does this week have to go by so slow?
So, we'll set the world on fire!!!
School needs to be over already! Over doing hw
Heterosexuality has also caused every abortion and unwanted child in the foster care system-Homosexuality ZERO
#Thunder are definitely beating the Lakers in this series... Sorry Lakers fans.
It's a bleh
No problem! It's a gorgeous day in FL today. How about you?
Aw thank you for the congrats, didn't see it till now <3
does office365 support #cmis with a new authentication mechanism or no CMIS at all?
Well, #RAW is off to another exciting start.
At home on V Day for the first time in 5 yrs. 2 yrs ago I thought we were done. Thank God for 2nd (& 77th) chances!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
niggas is always mad at the go gettas lol funny
whoever goes, take pictures. I'm fascinated already.
liar liar liar liar
great song 👍
I'm in Miami! Excited for #IPRRC. All I've experienced so far is traffic...
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
thinking of new biscuit flavors..any suggestions?
no pet names unless they are pet names.
Morning menthol. <333
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?" "nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth.
thinking of you at mardi gras party fun times
“: Confessional: I cook my Bacon in the _________ ( oven or microwave).” Both, depends on how far ahead I plan.
miss you more, WHAT have you been doing gf?? Let's get together this wkend
nice congrats!!!
Welcome :) MT : Any hope this week would be less hectic than last vanished 5 min after arriving at the office
": try harder! Don't give up. :D you can do it!" Look at where chris and madison got me in dance
When ever someone says a certain word funny I always find ways to get them to repeat it haha
*Taking a test* My answer is No… “If your answer is no, please explain why.” F*ck it, my answer is yes.
yeah. He dosnt really care, He just wants the hate tonstop on her since she didnt make up the rumor. Im so sorryy
You should update your Twitter bio! ;)
People who keep on about how tired I act/look.
Insert meaningful tweet here :)
It's crazy how the person you used to talk to every day is now a complete stranger.
OR DID YOU?!
Okay, that just made me laugh. My parents are making animal noises at each other. Erm.
What's the best move made by #Brewers GM Doug Melvin? SportsRadio
what can we do?
Hospitality Party TONIGHT 8p-midnight FREE Food & DRINKS! Check out the Lingerie Theme!
“: my phone says 23° lol but its soo boring. Sitting here. :( haha I just rather go” What's 7 degrees
I got kind of tbl that I can b have a $50k stck pretty quickly or b on the rail just ad quick...
“: I hate when I try to show someone something on my phone and they feel the need to grab it.”
Every Friday, we doing it live on the Rooftop at Eden Lounge for "Eden Friday" Happy Hour. Any birthdays coming up- reserve a table.
Wow! Congrats to TEAM CASA who raised over $30,000 at the Baltimore Marathon to support advocacy for MD's Foster Children!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 101
Happy birthday dad !!!
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
no problem bro
Let's move to LA together [;
if u r still online will you please follow and I? Thanks! We love you! :)
Aw, Blackout Becca is the cutest.
Top 10 #Sports stories of the day -- www.USSportspages.com
too much homework
YEA TACO BELL AND BATTING CAGES.! My favorites <3
sounds yummy
nope... hint: I know karate and love helping people
I'm hungry meng 😁
