mom I'm sorry but your food smells like something died
Follow me ;)
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away
When someone tells you its the principle of the thing and not the money, its usually the money.
y'all coming to Florida the weekend of the July 29th?30th bday party for me and 70th bday for Matante paullette! Come thru!
when I pitched in college my pre game meal was a snickers and a subway turkey sub. Haha try that!
Thing is, the embedded regs make it a less crappy product & medicaid expansion is HUGE. Suspect it will be an all-or-nothing case
That last retweet was directed to the lovely who knows all about Tagg for dogs..and Happy Mother's Day!!
hehe I'm gonna get a John Cena 1 and a Randy Orton 1 :D
jack says all time low won't be on the warped tour this year. i haven't been to a warped tour ever where atl wasn't playing. i'm confused.
Enjoying a great lunch with San Antonio hotel and lodging folks. Getting a first glimpse at #Aquatica today.
: RT : I don't want perfect, I want real.
my faces ugliness proved you wrong
enjoyed a hot cup of soup , yum!!!
Yes I did leave the Lucki gurlz I wish them all the best, it just wasnt for me. But I have many new projects ahead, stay tuned
We have like 2 :p so totally come hang with us!
How much make up do you think Mary j blidge got on ?
Senior trips and events
Good Morning Thank you and have a wonderful day!!!
what i cant wait for? the War between tweeters and facebookers! its gonna happen! lmbo
Welcome! What's new in your world?
girl byee. If you want a ass eater and somebody to finger your booty hole you can holla at your boo
yes he does he can play
what am I doing right? Feels like everything is going wrong
Wish u were here! RT : Go, Shasta! And don't be nervous: you have an incredible biz that's unique + necessary.
Everyone please go follow my good friend he is new to twitter :)
140 characters really count! A tweet by a friend who just lost her job was cut off at "...now what? I just got laid
Hi Ann! Can us ladies in the Front Office get a Followback - you will be our 4th DCC!!! Ladies in sports ROK! :))
#NYCFashionWeek2012 Feb.10-16 Snap a shot of the best street fashion YOU have seen! Winner of best photo will get a FREE pair of SHOES!!
Good luck Robert <3
I just had the craziest dream about Harry Potter! Epic haha.
Yay! Ryan Miller to the Browns and Ryan Lindley to the Cardinals. Good day!
Long tittie no nipple bitch !! - Kevin Hart voice.
Trying to make life better for myself.
Awful, yes. More and more? I haven't seen any evidence of that. Thanks for the note.
My mom just taught my brother "science" by letting out an old fire extinguisher....
Should the LA Clippers/Memphis Grizzlies series go Game 7, Round 2, Game A could then be on Tuesday, May 15 -from ur unkwn source
GO BiG BLUE! (=
Recording at the sweatbox studio, home to long sofas.
Hey Cincy! Did You Mean Australia? is at the Mad hatter tonight!
I've never been but it seems like a really innovative museum.
i need some metal in me this morning
RT Ask medical librarians, who are the most knowledgeable people about health sites MT : MedlinePlus Guide..
hi little diva! I have 5 year old twins but they're sleeping.
love the new profile pic boy!
ah yeah
But I mean I never said I hated you? I just have nothing for you.
Visiting, work, and exploration :)
I love good negotiators!
Grief often makes us act unbecomingly elsewhere when it's really that our heart's are simply sad.
I'm just about finished with these high schoolers trying me -_-
Why is Wilco the best band ever...Tweety is a god above men when it comes to writing lyrics
16 hour day. Quitting time.
This is what I get for thinking, “It’s a little shocking the wheels haven’t yet fallen off of this Sox lead.”
aight i'll b nice lol (; but i'll give u some rest k we can talk later on(:
Haha I forgot how old my sister was for a min .
- IM held in respect & prayer in face of ignorance & danger, & "moderates" complicit by inaction!
Thanks for the #FatTuesday follows & we are looking forward to your #TWEETs!
thanks for throwing Caleb a ball at the game yesterday - he was so excited! :)
yes, it needs a few tweaks but is in testing
Sylvia Angel's status: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. ~ Jim Rohn
On ebay Finna order me some earphones
Excuse me , could you empty out your pockets , I think you stoled my heart :)
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
dayum everyones tweeting about you all down my newsfeed, what's so special? Lol I can't tell I'm on moble
Such a terrible day! Im in a terrible mood and people are pissing me off!
A nigga you out here at the O.co lets get high mane.. Hell Yeah DHB touchdown RAIDERS
If you aren't keeping up with #mobile news & trends #GoSeekSomeHelp from
So many jokes...
haha I try
People don't remember the good things as much as they remember the bad. Do one bad thing and you're marked for life.
may attempt to livetweet some of this; will be using #YPDA for tag. follow or mute as applicable. :)
hey man, yes I am, im still working very hard and making very good progress too
Shared a secret that I've kept bottled up for years, except to the people I trusted the most.
Ive done qudd at not sayinq shit lately.! so let me continue
Lmao bailey and that shirt.
Tweeting about THATCamp Columbus?Use the #thatcamp hashtag. Nice and short.
Unlock yr mom badge at www.influenster.com/badges- we have great programs for moms coming up soon!
ya I def agree. They wanted to make the new food plate simpler, which they accomplished. But sad to see the steps go
#linsanity #knicks #lin are back tonight and under the bright lights. Snap pics of your fav linsane sign and submit to
It's our founder's birthday!
haha tiff(: you are CRAZY!!
I hear you can pay fifty-some-odd bucks to get into the Starhawk beta, and it comes with a free copy of Uncharted 3!
your an idiot. sending your twin to fight. pussy.
link me?
about to plan for tomorrow's adventure. XD
I'm up at 3:30am 2 take a flight 4 a gig b cause that's the type of agent I got :(
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!♥!
Good call! RT : A8 I literally just purchased some last week! Better safe than sorry
WE need you. Get to coach and try to help us understand what happen and where do we go from here.
You still down for pulled pork sandwiches?
oh yeah I saw that he got ejected I remember that but you know jermy Lin done for season
Once older people really figure out how to use twitter, it's going to cause people a lot of trouble.
Marlee has problems doing laundry and demands I come and give her a cigarette.
“: #BeautyOfIslam the high status it gives to women.”//Could u explain this? I am not being facetious or negative. Just want 2 learn.
dream chaser 2 mixtape is dope
Five infielder alert.
Piano Time ❤
Think before you act.
i don't see how #2omf are still together. one uses the other & the other cant be alone. but they're both clearly unhappy...
I believe I have you down for a small..they're $12! Let me know if you need my address again!
How are you defining quality?
na, just don't be dumb
DMs received, thank you.
“: Next list: amazing singers/vocalists " thanks so much!
I'll show you tomorrow. It's easier that way.
Man oh man, lotta drunkin girls on my lap rite now. #LML The night was so good. Buzzed and ready to go on a journey!
The kid is back. Just landed in LA and back to the weight room tomorrow. Feels so good to be back.
Text me when you get here! I got some hook-ups for you! 702-556-5062
So my lil um (vacation) did not feel real & now I keep going in & out of feeling like myself wth is going on guess this is ethics hmn
a life of science will be at both of these comicons please make sure to come check out our new comic and album
EDS launching Be-Salty.com
loooveyouuu, ill see ya in a few. I seriously need help with stats PLEASE
Cant say that I enjoy that Counting Crows cover of "Ballad of El Goodo".
I have a snarky response to that, but I'm not going to send it to you until Saturday. *revenge* (love you too)
"Let me stick my Wii in your Xbox!" OMG, I just said that... -MCNutt
going home this wknd! ahh, cant wait:D
Hey everybody, break out your faux fur overcoats and meet me at the beach lol
Just a little work today, and then off to spend the rest of break in Chicago!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at #Fridays soon :)
Thanks homegirl, it was an honor to rock with Ski
No long walks for us today. Our trips outside are all business when it's this hot.
Kicking it off tonight with Captain America... The only one I haven't already seen.
we were there with her too! RT : Spotted by : Beth Leavel at
I def want to hear more about this come Feb 1.
Eat Support our local businesses! Plus follow us and receive 10% off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
we are looking for more girl brands! hit us up
yeah, like 1 CD
I'm hoping that was his own decision. R isn't that bad is he?
I'm an asshole. So give me a rim job
Of course. Wouldn't miss it!
yea.... wats on the menu bruh...
I love Chelsea Handler.
This sub is urking me in ways i cant describe...
I wish you were going to be at #warpedtour this year D: <\3
Ha! He didn't catch that!
Basically the entire array of just started following me. Awesome. Now I'm hungry!
Birdies For Bunks II - DRIVE FOR FIVE 2010 - Goal - new bunks & mattresses - 5 dorm rooms for 2010 Wisconsin State Fair
I know what I deserve ✌
are you think girl who is texting me?
Get a top offer on your car today with us. Sell us your #junkcar for money.We Pay and Tow Away, Call us Today!
pizza is my valentine♥♥
um *wit a lol tongue* lol
'd take Jeffery over both of them.
Do not bathe. Or wash the dishes. Or clean anything.
CW: Who is Dick Clark? Game Show host? Me: are you shitting me...NEW YEARS EVE... CW: oh I still don't know.
How the hell did all this shit happen at my job and its only been two hours
Makes my day!!
respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down
What kinds of new technology for teaching and learning do you want to learn more about this year?
I love the Back in Black segment on The Daily Show.
I'm getting really fucking sick of this. Stop pretending you fucking care when you obviously don't.
Awww! Hope I get to meet her sometime!
Google+ Circles really need math set functionality. Intersections, nots, etc. Would enable stronger identity functionality down the road.
#imagine You're taking a shower and Louis comes in. He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water.. I can make u wet.' ;)
I've been neglecting twitter.
Every Directioner has met One Direction either in person or in their dreams or both
I pray to the Creator for relief to the weak: the abused and the starved, the homeless and the poor, those we can't see their pain.
RT : happy birthday to the best agent in the biz #sportsbiz He's currently my SECOND favorite Adam, too
Watching Harvest with Viggle Thu | 15:45 | TMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Im Late You Know Wat I Say About Luck But Thanks
Walter White needs to stop bailing him out!
I'd like everyone to know I am sitting in my house wearing a new top from Kohls.
you guys are amazing<3
my aunt is having a baby boy! awesome! oh and how the heck did Mrs fowler get teacher of the year at pfms??
RT : Focus on the "must do's" rather than be distracted by the "might be's". Jay Strack at
Gizmodo: As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's th
I smell fried chicken in da air, luv being from da westside of da Chi..chicken smelling FYE
If you are a small business owner in #mn you should be following and
Steve Kraske of said he wouldn't be showing up if he wins big lottery. Still waiting to hear who won in NE Kanasas. Nervous
excited about nonprofit/social media event tonight!
Now im in my feelings and im Pissed the fuck off......
2012 Pick Up Lines: "I have a full tank of gas." lol
My special moment ^.^
I have to unplug my vibrator to plug in my cell phone.
What a moment hearing Steve Reich's Three Movements for Orchestra - 1. Mvt 1 in The Hunger Games film tonight
I gotta start treating my girl better. (with that I mean my bf) my BFF. Lol.
RT : AL PACINO confirmed for , his experimental Doc has its Irish Premiere (via ) (via )
no I'm sorry!
New Picket Fence Bed is about to release. Quick production and much less expensive with same solid wood quality!
thanks for the follow! WGSN-Homebuildlife covers NYIGF every year for our global subscribers. Always a popular report from our site.
Would love to see you guys at the #farmersmarket tomorrow! Come by for some tasty food, fruits, veggies & more!!
hahaha I still won so it's all good.
Do you ever think When you’re all alone All that we could be Where this thing could go
you know what they say: less than All cannot satisfy Man.
Mad flooding on meridian -- avoid the r hand lanes and careful at intersections!!
#OrlandoSec We need a mature infosec community in Orlando. Notice I said mature community, not mature members.
"This is a fucking asshole of a day"
Thanks for the follow Michelle!! ( :
Daughter just saw on FSN and said, "Hey, is a pitcher!"
": #Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to. They lead, not follow."
Josh Hamilton going HAM on tarp at #OPACY. Too bad he didn't tear his ACL.
ur LOCAL #Acupuncture #Chiropractor #Massage or Physical Therapist may have samples. Call 4 a #local source 800-225-3963
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!! Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
#MIOBI was just on Jeopardy! Category "M"TV asking which show Emily Kmetko is a gymnast on-now we REALLY need to
network. if it was my phone obviously other people wouldn't be complaining (and I'd just get a new phone)
great, that is exactly what I did- I plugged it in. Grrr.
I KNOW YOU REALLY DID THAT TO ME. And I love it:)
I would like a closer relationship with some people....I need to start working on that
I think it's time to lighten up a mood a bit... and my hair!
which one?
no ... lol and he just did i guess?
Php Developers in LA, PM me as I have a job lead for you in the Valley
T4: Patients are the customers of healthcare. If they believe in accountable care then the market must adapt.
INTERESTING STAT: The Packers are 12-0 when playing other NFL teams this season.
Waiting Up >>>>
Know of anyone seeking a remote Financial & Business Reporting Analyst to conduct business for them on a part-time basis?
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Sure, where at?(:
When kfc forgets my mac and cheese..
When your down listen to them kick you with clever wording
Five different readings of this one line across 6 different editions/issues/states I've identified so far, all published in the same year.
I need money.
follow back ?
Capitals extended their winning streak to 8 games today with an overtime win against the defending champion Blackhawks.
“: This is the 1st time since 1980 that no Florida, FSU or Miami player was taken in 1st round. #NFLdraft” ouch
Packin no bag, nothin but the clothes on my back.
i need something to do tonight!
I've always wanted to be a procrastinator, I just never got around to it.
It is going to be the most fantastic weekend! Make sure to stop by to get your bike tuned up before Saturday!
yippee you are home! xoxo
Hey it's Selena i hacked my friend Demi :)
worked on 2 photo shoots today. Now its time to relax and edit some photos
that works for me! I'll DM you for your email. Yay!
omg yes I had to drink a ton of wAter before mine then they press to hard not cool
You are the Prototype.....*Andre3000Voice*
Looking forward to seeing the pix!
the awkward moment when your phone grows legs and gets lost
But totally worth it to have you back in the USA!
Nyc taxi drivers don't fuck around.
even though you divorced me for a straight guy I love you :)
best tweet in months on here.
meet next week?
no baseball. But we do have flappers from the jazz era
Worst timeout ever.
My new found favorite board game is Taboo!
I like jary
if they make a toy story 4, Liam should play Andy. ok .
Why do cabs honk at people as if they'll all of a sudden realize that they need a ride somewhere?
#worstthingintheworld , A Blackout .
I have to shit
MBAs are so expensive. But you are out of debt and 85% done with it?
Stiles poor hand that gotta hurt ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Most of the ascedians are working from home today except for the fearless who hiked it in. Who's notorious now?
Nicki mnaj fan? Than follow this girl
that track goes in majorly bruh did his fucking thing + legendary
yes, that would be a quite a workout
“Everything you can imagine is real.” ― Pablo Picasso
Should go to the gym this morning but I may just stay in bed reading blogs and drinking tea.
In so few characters? True!
Over 600 museums just in Minnesota. Anyone know how many is USA?
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Thanks for the mention!
Me and my daughter shakes it!!
its like In KNOTS!!:0
Looking forward to seeing Act Like a Lady think Like a Man
Stop complaining, I promise someone else is having a harder time with life right now take what youve been giving & make the best of it
I break up w/ him everyday too he sucks!.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #19:Upland Dragon Fly Indiana IPA
Major Russell's father only had a 6th grade education and worked his entire life with 2-3 jobs. His parents were a big influence on his life
Alright I'm done with you hater.
Yay!! Can't wait.
So glad this barrage of Masters tweets will cease tomorrow.
The moon is so awesome. Blood moon
": Dear therapist, I might actually come see you if your job title didn`t spell out "the rapist" Sincerely, not lying down."
of course!
My alarms set for 4 hours and 28 minutes
New session of Practice Tweets this morning with &
really excited about the concert in phoenix..I DO NOT LOSE FOR NOTHING IN THE WORLD..I have to travel but no matter :)
Although #colorblocking is a fun trend,it can b very tricky.There IS a method. B sure 2 put the right colors 2gether in the right areas.-PD
Do girls not know how to text something interesting?
The problem with spraying the inside of my stove with oven cleaner is that I now have to follow-up on it.
I don't like when people unfollow me, but I definitely don't make a big deal about it.
Ur body detoxifies when u fast
fuck a six pack ! you skinny fucks
we're trying to email you but your contact us form is down. What's the best way to email you?
will Tyler manage to get over his sire bond to Klaus so he can be with Caroline?
Bro asking to use your home studio for non-music activities...
$69 for our Hot Stone Facial! Save $20 this week! Melt your stress away and leave with glowing skin!
Absolutely. Sushi this week!
#YEE getting a new phone
My new life begins tomorrow morning. I move out of my parents house and start at Moto restaurant....life couldnt be better
"What's your problem?" "Well, my parents were actually brothers..."
I guess I meant people that aren't blind. Everyone thought Roy O was blind, but he wasn't.
Hi Catherine - Thanks for the follow.
Cooking up delish Brazilian food for book release tomorrow evening! Want in? DM me!
winner of this game takes the series
Flipboard is officially the app that makes my iPad worth every dime. Loving it.
NERD HIGHLANDER
lmao how she like the cutest college player there is
i can personally recommend the strawberry & cream gelato at splendoras. it is amazing.
RT : today's mail: "Sometimes mistakes lead us to wonderful places."
everyone has an asshole friend,if you don't you're the asshole
RT : I don't want to party, I want to work. But like a job that lets me party.
Congrats to Prof. Lusby and founding members of the Mob Tech Club at MDC for holding 1st meeting today!
Dude what r u gonna b downtown? Mr.two Dozen
I stroll to Pick 'n Save for my beer purchases.
getting seizures from your flicking pic too! But it does stand out...
If there is a god valverde closes the door here!
‘The Singularity is Near’ (Kurzweil) film debuts at Sonoma Film Festival April 15-18, 2010 with a special screening on April 16 2010
Chapter 2012 Page 96 of 366 Challenging myself to step out of my comfort zone
did u get my g/m text? :)
Wasn't that Barney Rubble's son?
hope you had fun tonight!
thanks love! Haha definitely wasn't competitive!
OK twitterites. If you are posting to push a business, do not follow me! Do not post to me! I can and do block and report spam to Twitter.
We provide the music, the audience provides the silence
Good night(: gotta be at my school at 7:45 to test. I just need one quick look at my study guide.
#CommonsMondays | A series of beer & music events that will SURELY take off the edge | COME JOIN | 5PM |
Walker's Pint will be raffling off Rachel Maddow tickets for everyone drinking tonight! Don't forget about their karaoke at 9:30!
Who is participating in the XML workshop on the 10th of May?
Hi! Wow. Um. I got nothin.'
I sorta love the stuntness of it. Next up: Snooki from "The Jersey Shore" writes columns on boxing.
my fave: Dance is recognizing & communicating our collective conscience, our interdependence, through the moving body. Sahar Javedani
Wait. Whats this about Danger Snack giving away concert tickets on Monday? Oh, I should check out your FB page? Okay.
finally made it home! just got up a little bit ago. The fates wanted me to stay in LA! :-)
I'm still waiting for that game of hide and seek in McDonalds! Wait, was it hide and seek?
I not afraid of the things I do, I am more afraid of the thing I don't do or wish I had done.
Looks like a great conference!
The President's Cup begins this week! Go Team USA!
yea we just need to get playing & as we go along we'll get to know them some people didn't like JC and nibbles in the beginning
to mass to come get me<3
It's that time of year again! The Half-Off Hotel Sale starts Nov. 17th, do you have your half-off hotel picked out? (We're one of...
If you have it in your Heart, and an EXTRA Coat in your closet or one that doesn't fit...or even if you can AFFORD to buy a NEW one, just f…
Taht awkward moment when you see your crush at Fredmeyers and you are with your dad and older brother...
Its going to be nuts this thursday !
empire records is one of my fav movies too. definitely looking to pick the soundtrack up tomorrow
hey jealousy, hungry heart
hah was on a sewing machine, but this year it'll be ready to go for you. Thanks for reaching out!
Thanks for your tips about twitblock - good helpful info.
New #cinemapocalypse coming this evening. Join me, , and disco as we rant about the new releases.
Same here, but I only cut the cord days ago. Will never go back...
I thought last night's speech was the most presidential of all the campaign so far
oh. thank you! I didn't know that!! I've just been waiting! now It's downloading. :) YAY
Oh, that's right, blame it on the phone! RT My phone is avting extreamly stupid:|
": Had a dream last night that I met ...if only that'd actually happen now! <3" & it'd be better if I was there!
Two guys in park drinking boxed wine just gave me a thumbs up. So, I've got my plans for tonight: threesome!
RT New Special: Beef Frank w/ standard toppings, fries canned soda or iced tea for $6.75. Get over here!
“: Bahhh...someone suggest a song for me to listen to!!!”Mario galaxy soundtrack
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
your welcome
Hence why he is coming back in the gameRT : Manu has been mostly good, but the second unit has been brutal on off when Tony isn'tin
what does that mean.? O_O
I'm a little down right now and need some uplifting :(
Idiots. “: Official: NBC will never learn. RT : WHITNEY is renewed”
if coffee were booze i would be hammered all day
FINALLY MY TWITTER IS BACK TO NORMAL ALL THESE #AlexLovesUs were making my twitter Crazy xD
can't argue with that.
YES I CAN!! RAISE IT! Final from PNC: Pirates 4 Nationals 2
Sometimes that is a lie too. Folks just don't want the responsibility.
knicks got me tight!!!!!!
I'm getting a Young & Reckless shirt!:)
then they break into song. “: Delegate takes the time to mention American Idol" . #NVGOP”
Don't take any stuff from Joe!
I dont know but hey :)
You've got that one thing ;)
Dang you have a lot of followers. Haha
April is tossing rainbows! iConference magic!
ATT security hole exposes iPad users e-mails AP - AT
Emanuel touting merit pay for principals, extended school day/school year as collective bargaining achievements.
Last night was the first time I've seen (not listened to) Kimbrel pitch. Possibly the nastiest slider I've ever seen. Sick combo w/ Venters
With the vacuum pump, you can get a good week out of a bottle. Without the pump, about half that time.
Came all the way from Anaheim to watch the last game of the season
Right back at ya! RT : Dropping by a hello and Happy Halloween to ITM.
Jim Demint's a moron. I should know I'm from SC
congrats to you and now make him a cowboys fan LOL
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. ~ Norman Schwarzkopf
We had an awesome weekend here at The SCoop! Tomorrow's live show is going to be exciting!
Little annoying fliying bitch bugs everywhere
Legitimately yelled "SAGANAKI" when someone asked if I knew about the cheese at
I hope you mean nasty in a good way haha
my last RT ok
Stoked!! RT : Rumor has it that Arsenal are making their move for What are your thoughts AO?
have you forgotten what winter is like? you are crazy, lady :)
sounds inspiring.. RT : If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces...
.im glad your feeling better...dm
the library sucks.
Feed me beats
Happy birthday shout to !!
well you're obviously like me more duh :)
WHAT?! ur out? that's IT?? I didn't get hardly anytime to be really rude! sheesh. Twitter oughta let ME run the jail. Ha!
OMCG don't you get it?!? NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!! GOSHH! GO AWAY
R/T--I ask myself that daily.Not random at all #FACT...“: “ “ Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!”””
Best books to teach kids about sex -- 10 years old. Any ideas?
Are you going to #NAFSA11? Meet our staff at booth 1810!
follow me back?
Oh how I love thee. Let's hang out- u get me! Im coming by myself to see you in ATL-can't wait!
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me? <3
hey babez aha (:
New Orleans, $18milion renovation starting this month.
Great idea -- cd be crowdsourced RT : Change your cover image regularly says
Marge's social life gets a good, but short lived, boost on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Cape bound
I know, I know. Still not sure what I was thinking before. I started using it so long ago & never bothered to try anything else
You don't need a weatherman to tell you which way the wind is blowing.
Final exam time for my #musictheory 4 class > #musth212 They are a special group. No one wants me to play the musical examples. <sigh>
you mean when i'm shooting on chips? On this cam it's tape so I shoot till it's full then put in a new one.
I will knock the Armor All off this bitch!
what did u eat?
Best of luck on Friday the 13th! Stay dry!
Bits Blog: For New Store Chief, Apple Looks Outside
RT Bout to open up a club the takes Lone Star cards--all the ratchet bitches gon be there!!! lmao
Where is your Friday find? Enough slaking already!
Alright let's see what you have for us today...
When I run errands before work I always forget I have to go to work at some point. My bad
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
i'm from CC Texas, & i wanted to move to SA for you but you left now :( <3
As a #librarian, building #relationships is the key. Submit your #resume to today!
Thank you Shirley!
that sounds like the human version of flossing! woof! :)
Xcited bout tourney n ATL next weeknd!director called wanting info on players 4 media coming!
Your physical presence on the field will be missed. Lucky for us, your leadership on and off the field is sure to continue!
Best scene & is a genius! Definitely going to try out the stack Corn-on-the-Cob method—W/ huge glass of milk!
love ya... bye
I'd like to retire from the corporate world long before 67. I'd still work, but for myself. I'm not sure what age yet.
She always remembers!
I know about Vegas, not Chicago. And there's a city here in SD County that already has a registry in place.
What's a better Findlay, Ohio product, Aaron Craft or Domino Parmesan Bites?
Thanks to my homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens for making a delivery to the Cave and bringing some nuke Abusive OG for me. Time to get irie!
I got to get my Yellow Mamba shirt soon
welcome back!
Open Spotify. Go to our album Changing Color. Turn on repeat. Play album all day. We need gas for tour :)
and I, sir, am not an engineer ;)
It's been so long since I've used my Nook that I just realized how dirty its cover is.
Fruitbats have new CD? Hooray!
Great book, Brock is such and interesting person. Can't wait for your book.
hahahah wow work before the book -- good self control
Thank fuck for that.
: NVM! Just checked it on a PC.
Thanks! How did the Web Slam go this weekend? Sounded like a fun event.
best place to be
I love #Crossfit... even when I suck at it :)
Happy to help! Let us know if you have any other questions. :)
Respond to &#039;customers.&#039; This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys. -Seth Godin
whatever, that shit's scary!
Anytime. Can't wait to check out the art.
oh wow haha that would've sucked. no big plans today, just writing some music :) you?
Looks like I won't be playing soccer for a while.
right in my neighborhood!
by my loves! i love u all! <3 STAND GRAND
Thx for the follow!! Love and light. :)
hey bro thanks for the tip. I just put the house down on Memphis
New Orleans Creole Bar in Seattle. Me, and Greg killing some time. Those guys r headed to Mariners, me to dinner w/ fam
CMGO & RBTI looking for big runs starting next week....
Wow she got scratches...
": Jay Cutler will lose a limb in a game this year #2011prediction" against the lions that is ...
NEW SEASON OF SISTER WIVES 😁
bravo Joe. No surrender.
Just got to use the site PaulaDeenRidingThings.com for an academic presentation at work. Yes, today was a good day.
"I'm Mary Kay's DIQ!"
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 31:25 today, "She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future."
if you ever need insurance, just let me know. & I will take care of you, no problem.
Totally enjoying my day off.
idk what to say to ur response. But Im not ignoring lol
Thanks for following me, Ken. Look forward to seeing your Tweets.
Even better, sign the petition for #WellPoint to ALSO withdraw from the #US Chamber of Commerce and to end its relationship with
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Fair with a huncha people ! :D
i'm there!
New Sperrys and and a new coach bag!! Good day :D
Let us know if you have any questions.
Hamilton another bomb.....good lord he's amazing to watch
Having one of those days Don't want to hit you with another Emo tweet. Help a brother out.
that's not a diet, it sounds more like a weekend in a third world country.
A black baby named Mai Ling?!? Really...really! Lol
HAHA I sure am! Thanks :)
Ryan pretty please follow back?<3(:
lol sounds fun to write. i hope it’ll be successful enough to warrant sequels such as ‘adorno on an airplane’…
Full Moon in #Virgo today! Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning. Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
you're welcome!
You have great information to share! Keep it coming :-)
I had a lot of fun at #smcdc event last night! Thx to & the entire #smcdc team + my fellow panelists from &
Ski time! (@ Copper Mountain)
Made me miss you RT : Diarrhea is a gay man's period.
2 day old pizza for breakfast/lunch, living the life
R&B stations have to be getting paid, ex: Beyonce'
So you Daddy babe ? lol
+ some biking in between, right? RT :next semester...20 hrs including metaphysics, existentialism, & 2 rhetorical theory courses
I miss you (:
Bridgeport Arts Center - freight elevator you could live in. Complete with couches & bar. Sipping prosecco while taking a ride! Cool space!
I waz in the hospital with pneumonia and ur videos helped me through the tough surgeries I had 2 go through! Thnx Sam!
YES! epic. RT can I draw boobs on ur car windows again and leave you a sympathy card like last time? Lol
Wanna get better?..practice+do it often any way you can,with recordings,drum machines,whatever it takes..DO IT!!
70 students attended Hillel for 1st Shabbat of semester. Many of us ate standing shoulder-to-shoulder, but a lot of good vibes.
Awesome - we will have to check it out !
When Bailey lets me listen to Florence + The Machine in his car >>>>>>>>>>
Meeting with !
Come out to in #Bloomington tonight at 8pm for a show with and us!
i want to get one of your shirts #FCHW...can you tell me how!
#IR12 is over; thinking about #HICSS! Presenting a paper: ICT-enabled City Government Field Operations:Resiliency during Extreme Events
Lauren-- one of the way to reinvigorate the arts is to blend them and to collaborate with other artists
That's a thing that guy does. He's strong as hell. Saw him do a standing press over his head with a manhole cover. 12 reps.
It's Service Industry Night (SIN Night) at Whiskey Chicks! All restaurant and hotel employees come enjoy $3.50 apps and drink specials!
On number, height, or poundage of dog? :)
lots of lucchese boots 50%off in store only
A #tweet you send while sitting on the #shitter should have a special name. Anyone got any ideas?
Sometimes I wish I could go to the other side
w/ the the zhantra girls...
Get back to work. I need scripts!
Don't be so naive... You must be a conspiracy theorist... Ayers? What about Keeting? Yes Obama gets my vote and you should vote for him too.
I wonder how many of my followers are in line for #TheAvengers right now.
fuck everything about today
#WhyIsSBKLive not going to
Thank you for the #FF! Have a fabulous holiday weekend!
I'm sorry. I should have told you what I was doing with the Poynter stuff. I was just trying to make it easier for the girls.
Making #Coachella happen.
Looking for academic libraries lending Kindles. DM me.
What's the funnest thing you've edited recently?
RT : Headed to the Bradley Center for my first game of the season. Monta and BJ gettin us the W!!
#ImWeakFor Forehead kisses.
I jus got off the phone wit yoo bestfriend
Survived 23 hours of dance this weekend...now I know I can survive anything!
Great news Josh! RT : Best Pi Day so far - my dad found out he officially beat cancer. Thanks all for your support!
#HillerHelps - Training for marriage reconciliation counselors is limited, be sure your attorney is Board Certified.
Got an email today that closed with: "Cheers & Seize the day!" Well o.k. - don't mind if I do!
Casey and veggies.
C'mon Cotchery! You gotta catch that!!
it doesn't get better then sitting beachside with your bestfriend .
Its too cold to get out of bed.
re CH: "Billy knew that any emphasis on tits and ass played hell with chic."
- Anything gingerbread. It gets you in the holiday spirit at first bite!!
Ok. Work's done, dog is up. Time to get off my ass. Check with ya laterz...
Her #HUD voucher is helping her find a home while in college. Studying to be a nurse!
Media blackout for me and the boys all day Sunday . . .
that's from that dj fula guy or whatever OH MY GOD
No Im at Buca's
Thank u for my new follower everyone
but really, who doesn't? :)
just released smash single "the calling" (featuring grammy award winner ms. mone't and todd brown) get it today @ www.benjertainment.com
"Jilly's law," adding criteria for determining whether to issue an order of recognizance or #bail, passes
Back to school. Yay..
Are you working at when you're in town? I read about it in the Sun a while back & thought it might work for me
There are a lot of guys who shouldnt be in relationships or married. Too many weak men who feel they can get away with things...just because
Trying to put on skinny jeans after putting on lotion is impossible.
and the leader of invisible children has been arrested and charged with public masterbation.
I ain't scared of the fall, I've felt the ground before...
Liam from PCH @ #w2s is bringing back memories of the case on PCH in the Hau Lee and Michael Marks class at the GSB
I'm working on a Bible study in Numbers. God so wanted his people to be set apart - holy. He still does. Food for thought today . . .
I don't smoke, but I do love Hikari Mart.
I tell ya I'm always proud of he might be simple at times but the kiddo gets shit done!
Nice delivery by Samit Patel to take Azhar Ali's wicket
*Hugs* life is Good!! just wait until tommorrow! hope U awake in the morning with a smile :)!
Felling him so much, but seems like he becoming distant, we don't talk or txt like usual all of a sudden :( :( :( :(
I imagine this happened during your sexually charged rendition of "Happy Birthday Mr. President" ...?
Hydrogen sulfide leak at East Columbus business...evacuations underway...some people being treated for symptoms...check updates on 10TV...
I once spent an entire afternoon in the stump of a tree battling a dray of squirrels for a nut. I like nuts. What else can I say? - Trog
They're so old + so slow..but for kobe, anything ;) And then all you can eat korean bbq LA style!
you text someone..... Like anyone, just pick someone and text them... ;)
Why haven't you told your friends about Memphis's new music Magazine, Rag and Bone - ??!! Pass the word! We debut soon!
what's up ?
Just getting off work, tired af. Taking a bath when I get home & going to sleep.
thanks for the endorsement!
#Procrastination is something I need to stop doing.
my niece walked in on me and my SIS watching you dvd and started screaming don't fuck the burrito
you can do whatever you think you can...
Was it b/c I said you were still lost in ATL airport & thats why I'm here“: I just want to get back to my life & on the air!
I wanna talk to sampson
Listening to Carolyn Myss today. I really do dig her.
were accepting them till Friday night at 12:00 :)
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-68
first song on my drive home is the biebs
Good Mornin' LORD! I give this day to You! \ o /
dont forget the sunscreen
I was just hella tired ill never miss another 1 lol wyd this week end
wlmao...how did u find that out
One year ago I was sharing a mic with ! So honored bro! Miss ya man!
#FF because they are total pros and I've been lucky enough to work with them.
A1/A2: I try not to think of things like "entitlement", "privilege" or even "meritocracy" as inherently negative.
Night everyone.
Goodnight from somewhere in Michigan! Ann Arbor was fun, and anthropomorphic cartoon giraffe women are strangely sexy. This is all.
Christinaleona.com blogging every Wednesday and Sunday!!! Check me out!!!!
#Caps beat the #Bruins in OT to advance to the next round.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe who's really going to be there for me when shit hits the fan<3
Had a Ton of Fun with Danita Burnett, who was a Wonderful Passion Party Host!
Had a awesome time downtown taking pictures with Jessica Clark. Can't wait to check out the photos, she rocks!! :-)
You don't take a photograph, you make it. ~Ansel Adams
Hunton & Wiilliams D.C. has added Leonard Suchyta, formerly vice president and associate general counsel of Verizon's i.p. department.
Every Thursday is leftover soup nite! There is grilled tofu, potatoes, tomatoes, broccoli & mushroom broth in soup!
no he's going to be in 's video!!!
will do, thank you my friend
With an emphasis on math and language in the class, social studies and history can be left behind
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. – Lord Acton (1887)
Loosing touch with my family ..
it's work in progress, so still trying to shape it, but will share more when I am able to express it better :)
gurrll , if you need anyonee to talk to dm me on (:
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile. Every breath counts,every moment matters.
just had an odd dessert date, but came out of it feeling better than expected.
And a big thanks to our speakers, guests and sponsors for a thought provoking discussion on the nude in art!
man I could not agree more with that
#WeWontWork if you're annoying...
March Madness for academic librarians!
I'm guessing that Tweet would be reversed, if the standings were switched.
Well didn't have an allergic reaction to nothin....it was just a spider bite smh
i can't watch sunsets anymore unless i skip through the commercials
It ruined my day, and I ruined someone else's, who ruined her coworkers', who took it out on their dogs.
YOU ARE SWEET TO ME. That tweet made me smile.
Lol to funnyRT : Miguel Cotto is gonna Fuck up Floyd Mayweather .. " his dad told me to say that"
I figured I'd announce it to all of Twitter, you know.
The Henry Cavill thing is a fact, Kiki...hands off! :)
My pleasure, Nick! Awesome time listening to great insight from today thanks again Dr. Levinson!
Yes at dogwood dell. Saturday! RT : Arts in the park this weekend! Isn't that what it's called?
or the recall in June! ugh.
A big thank you to for all of his work as Prez this semester! We wish you the best of luck going forward!
girls night tonight??? I think so!
Until we have another form of physical media, besides download cards, the CD is not dead yet! We do it all. CDs, download cards, & t-shirts
did you enjoy orlando
thanks so much
And I'm all about the road trip! Id prob have to sneak in tho, from what you've told me, it sounds like they've met their quota lol
At work: Six pack Edition of the Political Junkie- tea party candidate makes NY 26 Special Election a toss-up- and, so, so much more!
No prob!! :) <333 Thanks for following back!
Hey bro...how are you? It HAS been a long time! Almost 4 years!
Happy Easter!
Omg these two keep telling me to stop texting and listen umm i can double task
Ayola is legit!
Imogene ... busy, active, and toiling
call Amanda !c;
I'm gonna go ahead and make the observation that is not an ESPN fan this morning. Interesting tweets tho
Bringing it hard core to the SF!
"Margin Call" movie uses dying dog to symbolize the mortgage-backed securities market prior to 2008 crisis. Dogs to lodge formal protest.
How about it ? We're purdy. RT : If you'd like your campus to be featured as our Twitter background send a pic via tweet
Ah, great to hear it - thanks for the heads up!
first off, learn to spell kill* before you do it to me :) muahaha
That made my year =) Thank u for being so caring & supportive over the past year U put smiles on hopeless faces here in MO
So should've been in the finale more :P
It makes me happy that and (2 of the most talented Museum IT people I know) met last week at DrupalCon!
I Like Cheese!<3^.^
DJ Biggs put it down at Uniontown for the old married folk.
Love how is embedded in the site (via jQuery) to get around auth issues.
Believe it or not, you Will find more Happiness in giving then Receiving… Just try it!
We played great for 37 mins in hostile gym (I no - never thought I'd call the page that). time to regroup & claim what is ours.
it doesn't exist anymore
News PGA Tour Confidential: Donald rallies at Disney, wins PGA Tour money title Luke Donald came to Disney with one goal: wi
An eagle, that's awesome duder...
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12 - Delicious sloppy joe served with thick cut french fries. While it lasts! $6.09 plus tax.
the breakfast bunch.!?
ATTN. GOP: Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
the best way to ruin an apology is to not accept it... Then nut check the person.
Can't wait to show off what we've been working on. You will love it.
I find it hilarious. RT Twitter is really a joyous place to be when the Lakers are losing.
oh girl...
When your waiter only speaks spanish
Happy mothers day mom #bestmomoutthere 💘
haha have u started typing yet??
Hahaha . And oops. I meant
Ok Back to making tracks!!!!
"I don't like cheese and crackers; it's old-people food ..." (Ivy, 12 yrs).
finished #reading The Ice Princess by Lackberg yesterday. loved setting & characters & can't wait for The Preacher to hit US shelves.
I swear I saw so many people at Woodworth today (that I knew). I forgot how tall you were, !
Jammin in the studio cookin up some ribs for lunch!Fellow photo dude Barrett Moore stopped by this afternoon with some prints for me!
Have you seen Larry Crowne? One of my faves from last year. Rita has a role in it too.
#OWIF: After leaving Richard's house, the posse tracked me down by following the pizza stains and trail of Skittles!
Shout out to my new follower
Eating a cup of noodles while watching anime.
LA tonight. Kobe's going to do work!!
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde
#Celtics all day every day them boys in green are back fuck them cry baby ass Heats
In a little less than an hour I turn 17. Seventeen years on this earth. I'm blessed to have such a great family. Look forward to the future
Lmaooo bye nigga RT : All pussy RT : Old pussy RT : Bitches who drink coffee got trash pussy
RT : RT : I experience true freedom when I accept, understand, & move on from the conditioning of the past ~
Mama has to check on her baby! Lol! Smooches...
and I can't go anywhere without causing trouble.
“: You wear Sperry's? It must be hard to park your boat between classes.”
Met some dudes from the "Big L" this past week too. Not in a friendly manner tho.
Rage For The Machine
aye bitches
just so u know every time I read #DontMakeNoDamnSense I read it in ur voice lol
Justin Bieber Helps Ryan Seacrest Make The Most Viral Video Ever - Idolator: All About The Music
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
I love that thang wet .....call that sloppy joe #poinstar films
~ Congrats Good Brother "Mr UT" ! -ICE!
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Thank you!
my phone shut off
she's great!! thanks for asking! hope you feel better :(
Why follow somebody on tweeter, if you don't want nothing to do with them? I don't get it? Ain't you contradicting yourself
Yes, you belong here.
My Jewelry Party Was Niceツ
#SaySomething IS MY NEW FAVORITE SONG! ALONG WITH 11:11 AS MY 2ND <3 both your songs are amazing, thank you for them :)
new to twitter :$
Steve-Blake (matt Ryan laker pa voice)
Okay, how about a blocked freshman program with iPads integrated? Apply to get in, keep the iPad. Discuss.
#SpeedoLand Here I come!!! Actually it morning!!! #Goodnight/
And that's the difference between Lebron and Kobe...
My Blackberry broke...Twitter is my "methadone"
hahaha omg cassie!! I said it and was like fuckkkkkkkk
yea AP got to keep him and get him ready,, and at potts, you r getting a great up n coming coach pause and listen
Anyone Out There? A New Way to Look for Alien Life
FREE $10 Rockies-125 off to an early lead!
There is a BIG difference between being an Adult n being Grown
Obviously you are not a golfer.
Oh, Phillip... Please marry me. Please.
Great to see you last night. We didn't get a chance to visit, but glad to hear that things are going well. Catch up soon!
That's what I do. Fight for the integrity of the work. And it's why I don't even pretend to be an acct guy. #can'tbitetongue
Biked home from looking glass in 38mph winds, 4 deg wind chills, and super slick roads.
Yup! Been down all the way twice B4, plus some day hikes to Skeleton Pt. I was told to avoid the bottom of the BA in summer!
What?! That's crazy!
just saw you but did not want to interrupt, have a good flight!
#raw10 ur Ghetto: if yor dog's bowl is a old pot. You feed old leftovers, cornbread, neckbones, w/collard green juice over the reg dog food
That awesome moment when you hear a song for the first time and it totally says what's been on your mind.
sorry that i was just telling the truth
Let me cater to you , cause baby this is your day, do anything for my man, baby you blow me away
yeah Erica your dumb
#Yea Glad you came is on the radio yet again (:
RT : Its great to see 's IU footprint really begin to pick up steam!
Thanks, my friend! <3
thanks for the shout out. (:
And I cnt even remember the directors of most of the naija music videos; that I've watched......nw dat I need to remember....
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little jealous...:) have a good time!
Ew, disgusted by the results of #xfactor sob stories and underdogs make it past great singers
Love this title for Marianne Vitale exh @ Zach Feuer "WHAT I NEED TO DO IS LIGHTEN THE F**K UP ABOUT A LOT OF SH**" (asterisks are mine)
Yes its fuckin friday
I know! Me, too! RT : I am surrounded by my Twitterfeed in real life at #mamsummit ;)
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. - Malcolm S. Forbes
Baby you a song...you make me want to roll the windows down and
Weather forecast forecast for Lowry MN including hourly forecast the current state sediments and satellite map :-)
Rush and Ed are not exactly alike. I agree. Ed still called a woman a slut on air. Where is your outrage? LOL
occasionally practices with invisible props.
Thanks for the posting! One correction - the resource is from AllergyHome.org, but we really appreciate support from KFA!
great! glad you enjoyed
*grin* :) thank you! not a rehash at all but very detailed! just what i wanted for new year :)
I know right! :)
When I see couples sitting at a meal without looking or speaking to each other, it reminds me of how happy I am not to be married anymore
I havent skated in so long dude, wtf.
Seeing Nonna cry<
I'm feeling so high.
thanks for the list
*GUH 😠 because i almost crashed in my step dads car RT“: I feel so relaxed with this rain =)”
UPS or Fed Ex?
Hitting the snooze button for an hour doesn't make me lazy, it just means that once I put my mind to something, I'm committed.
sounds like a plan :)
My newly designed voice over website is up. Cleaner and more to the point than the previous one. Take a look and let me know what you think.
Thank you you made my day so much better... :-D
Good morning, Baltimore! Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies and soon-to-be mommies out there. We hope you have a lovely day :-)
I'm doing the #fivefivedollarboycott for
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge, but rather a lack in will. Vince Lombardi
Just one of those days
Get to the...oh wait,
School task force meets tonight at 6 at Scott County Schools Central Office at Great Crossing
Hi Maimah! How are you, beautiful lady! I hope you're holding down the East Coast while I'm doing the same out West. xoxo
I now have one of the three talks I'm giving next week done.
black friday was too live.....goddanm sawgrass was packed wit cannons....
Just spent a couple hours on the patio @ otb & now bonfire with some of my favorite ppl
Oh ok... bummer that is a really smart concept. What are your thoughts on the logout experience?
Did you know?! "Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry." YOU'RE WELCOME!
The only people more stupid than Mitch McConnell are the morons who voted for him.
Wants a little scooter, but only if I can ride it in Tokyo.
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!
So happy I found you <3 your writing
I necessitate sushi to kick off The Weekend of Fish. If you are interested in joining in the next hr or so txt me!
Can't wait for barça to expose chelsea for the poor team they really are.
We're not in Kansas anymore
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Lmao.i swear my Mom is a clown
Why must I be so trusting and always give ppl the benefit of the doubt? I just continue getting screwed over and over and over.
it just doesn't seem right. But I won't stop voting.
I think you spelled horror wrong? :-/ haha :)
To the people who don't take the hands free earpiece out of their ear when walking around outside
I know I'm not telling parents anything they don't know, but 15 month old twins are exhausting.
Start with a request for words that rhyme with "orange".
Blessed since the moment he knew, he couldnt let me walk by without getting to know me...
I wished we could tackle Sharpy for real too! :D
Still got haters i see
Mari don't steal her from me!
The space is transforming and we can't wait for you to see the results! T-10 days!
Happy Wednesday! It's Kerri's birthday, too! =)
Days like today make me wish I could eat fried chicken and drink beer at work.
a whole bunch - hit me up for any opportunities to work together
AH EYES OPEN ON THE RADIO!!! OOOOMMMMGGGGG!
Check us out today for all of your legal needs. www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Tax return time! Wooooohooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!.....
Chicago #Cubs Dale Sveum doesn't condone Kerry Wood's tantrum
My Mom: "It is Mother's Day, so be nice to me or kiss my ass"
That Movie Think Like A Man is funny & have a good message 4 men & Women saw the movie Its Good Kevin Hart Funny as Hell
I will smile n the end
New episode of #dancemoms tonight, can't wait to watch it!
Good night everyone!
well he probably will now since you mentioned him lol. Hes not following me so he can't creep on me
that's the best soda in existence
what kind?
there is history behind this. Or she is simply just a major B.
dropping straight knowledge on the album! I hope people start to get the message, its a good one
tonight!!! I wants to get funk up.
You have to let go of who you were to become who you will be.
Really you need change? From this Mother..F..er?? I really can't take this stupidity.I wish hubby wouldn't entertain this.
me too
how much was it?
just keep swimming
GREAT SIXERS GAME
: My pleasure! Do you come up with the crafts yourself? How do you choose which books to review and pair with the crafts?
RT The modern definition of "racist" is "someone who is winning an argument with a liberal.
I hope you never get Santa back lololol
I didn't realize I was even going! I went to a club and it turned out to be the venue for the office party!
tell me how lebron james..the most physical guy on the court goes the entire game without a foul...
Money is not bad. Money is good. Bad people reveal themselves when they have money in their hands.
Very good point. A good term 2 understnd is #Praxeology Human action beyond what is "seen"; the NATURE of human action
MY LAND LORD IS A SCUM BAG.
RT : Act, & God will act. -Joan of Arc
great photos
you single lol I am available for you, if you like chocolate. Lol
Seriously? RT GOP candidate for U.S. Senate in Arizona doubts Obama's birth certificate
#Bulls have 17 assists at half. #Hawks have 9. Bulls shooting 51% while Hawks shooting 37%. There's the game.
Thanks for the RT Thx for the #follow Please follow my friend - they
Art of marriage is filling up. Sign up now to get your book and get in on this great class.
Wiz Khalifa Ft. Juicy J - My Favorite Song
To my gmmb colleagues: thanks for letting Nick run roughshod over the office today. Kathy enjoyed the peace & quiet at home.
love you too!
I think they only pulled it all together recently.
Oh boy, we got some work to do. Plenty of time
May die if I don't get to see tonight at the Fox.
I can only imagine how many it's inspired to create their own "Red Rooms of Pain" haha
It's a sad day in green bay we've lost a great leader a great player and a great guy it's going to be hard to replace that athletic ability
Immediately following we have the Expert Level Camp, for levels G-5 and up, will begin (June 20-27, 2011)
lol what y'all gettin into tonight?
you better watch yourself before jump you for talkin bout ehr man
I was just given a hint that I will be receiving a Kobe Bryant jersey for my Bday LOL *breaks out in a cripwalk* Yayayayaaya
What a up and down day.....
all is awesome with -- no plans for a Vancouver yet :)
why do you have pictures of me saved?
yes SRT tomorrow.
Is anybody else finding that searching emails in Gmail is slowly becoming worthless? Seems like emails are arbitrarily excluded.
Preach! RT : How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into some role that you wanted no part of?
OMG I'm in Orlando and I can't go to the All-star game.O well maybe ill see celebrity or two if I'm lucky.
sawwwwy. I'm on my new phone and im trying to figure out how to private keek you
Literally just spent my whole afternoon driving all over pines to get stuff for this weekend! Super stoked ;D
Lou Will is too nice
♥ "True love is like a fine wine, the older the better." ~Fred Jacob ♥ Happy Valentine's Day! ♥
Dying my hair dark brown.. #nervous :3
you're happy, so I'm happy.
Thank you. I went to the pharmacy just now and my boy needed to go to the restroom, when we came back somebody paid for my bill. God knows.
LA state of mind? Is that a thing?
A genius idea: RT Going to sleep and wishing there were such a thing as The Pedicure Fairy.
Hey, thanks!
Lol pardon me. I forgot to switch the message type. :p
What price range, and what would you like? (Bouquet, basket, etc)
How about this evening? Will we get soaked at Kings of Leon?
I wonder how many conflicts we imagine are ONLY imagined? My family is terrible about avoiding conflicts, imagined or otherwise. :(
I believe it dude. Hope rehab is going well tho.
I have no clue what this is supposed to mean
could mii and mah twitter twin get a follow back since its our b-days..... cause that will be cool *MAUH*
thanks for all your help this week friend!
I think we've found a new HR call. Should it be "swing, boom, tarrarrel"?
absolutely agree w/ u !!!
15 mosquito bites on one leg = pure torture. I don't know if it's worse to rip my leg apart by scratching or go insane trying not to scratch
LA Bound!!
because no one believed that
Wow. GET REAL AND GROW UP!
It's sad when I (on crutches) can walk faster than half the population of amurica
I think it's a great idea.. something that I'll be trying to get to in the next few versions.
Hey, Trump, stop calling me. I will NOT join your debate.
Carne guisada, rice & beans last night. Chorizo, papitas & beans tonight. What did I do to deserve such deliciousness?
onfiemed See you there!
If you had collected one silver or gold coin every month for the past 5 yrs, would you be financially better off today? www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I'm glad Jan Brewer did what she did so that the nation can see what ignorance looks like live and in living color - girlfriend is a sick-o!
have a great first day on the field....glad ur back in NOLA
also, we have two medium and one xl dino shirt left! ten dollar(:
RT : Evaluate similar size libraries to get a baseline. How many follwers do they have? How many likes?
True! Buy local art tonight at the Stutz RT : If you truly want to "Buy American" then you should "Buy Local" when you can.
MORE SONGS WITH COMING THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE CRAZY
Too cool! 2 F-16s just flew over Rancho headed NW, perhaps toward Edwards AFB... Nice formation. Thanks for watching over us
Proud of myself, only gained 1.5 pounds on a 7 day cruise.
And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count
Fattys get the same parking space as the 19-year-old corporal who lost a leg in Fallujah.
Just seen #oomfs driving in my neighborhood.
Help organizers select #UPA2012 session meeting rooms! Please take a moment to complete the session SURVEY coming to you via email! THANKS!
Using the mail while overcharging a customer is considered mail fraud, a felony, with a 5 year statue of limitations you know.
Been to Derry & No. Ireland but not in years.
NBA Flow
Hey man...did you ever hear from Abby about getting started with your boot camp? Hope things are still rockin!
Yea finally out of the office and into the field.
You tell them Chuck!
Attending the classic film festival hollywood 2012
Are u serious? I never knew ur bday, my bad.
RT Vikings fans: that's called the "Favre stomach punch" I'd get used to it if I were you. Sincerely, a longtime Packers fan.
just downloaded Adele and The Mosaic Project albums from iTunes...real music soothes the soul...
First 5 use code Freaky save 40%, Next 5 use code Friday save 30%, Next 5 use code Free save 20%! www.lasvegashcg.com Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
Rooting for Suns even though this game means nothing to Rockets. Simply detest the Jazz.
I'm so excited for prom next weekend. Like beyond excited. Its going to be the three F's: fabulous, fantastic, and fun!
you already k.ow am following on please follow us now we love the fans
At the Borgota AC. Playing a $560 HOSE tournament. First big business trip of the year. Feeling good!
thank you!
This "white powder" in PDX scare is a waste of time and resources. Why would anyone target Portland?
pretty much. Guys a legend
I got my license today (:
What do Fat Planet, Thorns of My Love & Cookies & Seacows have in common? They showcased the talents of Sequoia Houston!...
Im starving and I don't really wanna go to the union
Cats are asking if Wade is injured. Not sure where his built in excuses come from....
#14315 omg ur a boy simpsonizer which is awesome and I'm mad at you because your bio made me laugh so hard I'm crying #NoJoke lol seriously
We loved LaMartina's "Holy Smokes"
My 1st Time In The LAB in 3weeks "HOME SWEET HOME"
I agree with you about the rebuild but what you asked was about the job Mike Brown has been doing, he's doing enough
Hate when people are not about the biz they talk of
what up?
let me know if you still need any help. Just saw tweet. Your fast fingers added an extra N. FYI, I will now answer to Jord Ann : )
I'm i the only one who is obsessed with #TruTV ? #HardCorePawn Marathon
I was goin for Trevor Bayne but he crashed too so I'm not really goin for anyone else lol
thanks for sayin' so (and RT)!
Just got word - I'm a new Bradley Childbirth Educator www.bradleybirth.com. My 2nd career!
Bring the kids to pick out handmade wooden toys by Joe the Woodchuck! We are OPEN right now!
Back off bitch.
I'm So Hungry !
Our Beach Cleanup with has been rescheduled for Sat,5- 6:30pm at 10th St on the beach! All attendees will get a free class
Tweet me your name & ill fit you w. An ICONic Boy(: <33
thanks for the follow!
Was semi tanker carrying ethanol, with rear axle smoking. No fire. Taking truck off freeway right now.
My aunt up in here doing the dougie. Good time with family
OH and keep me updated on Mr. Bennett news! :D
ive been so busy,but hopefully things will slow down enough soon that i can find a lil more time for the twitterverse.
:) Well thank you! Are you almost outta school?
So glad you liked it! RT : ooh this email I just got from just made my day! *jigs*
Thanks for the follow! Reach out if Attensa can help with Brand, monitoring, CI or current awareness at yoru firm ^Mark
Finishing my volunteer shift
Ehmagawd, thank you! I luhve to hear that people "friggin love" me!
Just got my Diablo 3 beta invite. Awesome! Hopefully I'll get some time to play a bit this weekend.
did you get a tattoo too?
Early workout in the morning ...
...I went there. I have been there. For too long. Haha let's do it! Bahaha
This song's about my herpes. It's called "Don't Leave Me"
I can't find the map you're talking about. Sounds cool. Link me?
Hoorah! We were on yesterdays most watched on #koldcast!!!
Youth Coaches- Young kids continue to play the game in part because of their first coach. What memory are you leaving for your players?
Not a bad year so far. ha....
Geez, duck into a meeting & there's an entire soap opera unfolding over here~D. Essence.
Aim? mr andr3e (something like that)
oh I love you
I'm WAY too attached to my writing... Pretty sure I've almost cried while writing these past 2 days.
Math... M-Mental A-Abuse T-To H-Humans. ☺ So true. My brain hurts during math class
well said.
"Our passions are the true phoenixes; when the old one is burnt out, a new one rises from its ashes."~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe LET IT RISE
oh, and if you're not mom, happy "i don't have kids of my own, but i'm probably looking after someone else's right now" day ;)
Ralph when you're right you're right. Thanks for saying this >WORST PART of WHITNEY PASSING
Still in the car but im in St. Louis💙💙
you cannot date your bestfriend's boyfriend!! lol
Deal or no deal
RT if you liked
Seriously bought to launch my phone for not cooperating with me. ...
mine will be on kindle. print maybe through Amazon. Website is going to be rebuilt soon. then the link will be there too.
i didn't know you were half Sicilian?
and so it starts.... the constant pointless instagram pictures flooding in from people who don't know what they are doing
I'm finally getting that carwash I've been needing.
Anyone else watching Sex and the City marathon?
another great win for the
ha! good to know
Our youngest has avoided whooping cough but has been nailed by senior-itis.
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would pay all my families loans off. Get married in a month or two and honey moon in Hawii!
Wow Man City
...and he tweeted it out last night
you have no idea how bad it hurts lol im an idiot lol.
thanks :D
Love me some at
Headed to 's #dctweetup at with
Ya bro . (: I hope you miss me . Cause i miss you a hella lot . i havent seen you since .like what, prolly october.
yeah u right about that bro
I say this as a fan of the show: Season 1's a little off, not quite soup. You almost could watch just the 1st & last eps...
You worked today?
false, KU fans don't follow that football game. #whoswinningthematch?
Orientation in the morning . :/ ~Summit(:
Oh its Friday and I've been slacking on facebook updates this week. Hope you all enjoy your weekend ahead!
Don't worry - you'll look GREAT! :) RT I want to try the hcg thing. But I feel like I'll look weird when I lose weight ._.
Perfect. Exactly the response I was looking for.
climbing through a heating duct to get to hockey game at
knew you'd enjoy that! (sorry for delay, my phone went ryan leaf on me)
Morrison moves to approve, CM Spelman seconds.
About time don't you know its robbie cano alright now get going buddy we need your bat
Headline: BUCS SHOW GRAND CLASS
Yay!!!! Wish I could have been there!!
Final: Vandy 6, Cats 1. 1st series loss... *sigh* Have to snap back and get ready for the Gators
Locking in accounts
It's 61 out but it's freezing in my room!
Drive from LA TO #Coachella was like driving through a car wash for 3 hours.
They are working on a debut album and are :)
Finally watched Mtn Gorillas & Pigmy episode on - love the format, and you delivered more info to the cam! :)
Live For The Night, Sleep In The Day.
Iron Void Streaming &quot;The Mad Monk&quot; - Metal Underground
i'm going to go sleep now. if you wake me up, i will be a very unhappy person.
fold pre? Lol jk, reload and get that money back
I read the first paragraph.
I hope I don't run out of gas waiting on this train!
#thatawkwardmoment when Matthew Fox is screaming "We have to go back!" as he's being put in the back of the police car.
is there! I couldn't make it! Send pics! “: hey KC, How do you Like our new in collection?
what's the score
Edward Cullen is sitting right in front of me and :)
sure hope to see you playing in that Blue and White Uniform with Kentucky across the Chest. Go Cats!!
It works for some reason. At least for me it does.
RethinkingCities: comparing Amsterdam's social housing to American failures (Pruitt-Igoe). Public housing needs to be rethought everywhere.
I do puzzles for a little, and then sit back and say "Bam, said the lady" everytime someone else gets one. Puzzles hate me.
thank you sir!
lies lies lies
Boyfriend is a hit!
A lot of Twitter trends are very... stupid.
My "Man-V" is getting intense.
Itsh loud outside
YAAAY ITS WORKING NOW WATCHING BGC REUNION. !
coming to mission beach tonight! We are on the lookout for some hotties!
it,will always be one of my hobbies :) haha but sadly, my lifestyle is more extensive than that!
Powerless Structures, Fig. 101, by Elmgreen & Dragset, was unveiled @ London’s Trafalgar Square today. Love it!! :)
I send a lot of things and so far she has tweeted me each time saying she got loved my gift, I hope so they cost alot of $
How are you?(:
RT If someone has to backhand your junk before you can get on a flight, the terrorists have already won.
You too! We already miss that Chicago weather....
"I want to walk into a room...and feel that I am needed. I want to do, not just to be." -Princess Diana
