How's that hella cute baby doing?
Follow all the regatta action this weekend ->
Graduating from Youth Leadership Blount tonight. Growing up sucks, and it happens too fast.
Tune in 2nite to for Fri. Night Flava! Check my new mix that's loaded with a bunch of slammin' tracks. start your weekend off right
I don't know what Joe Kennedy Sr. did… but his poor family has been made to pay for the sins of the father all years since.
some great ideas Timothy!
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/28/2011 and was under her calorie goal
that's a dam shame lol you in Murphy class ??
m friday
calm down I'm stopping now. I'm going to go watch Justin bieber . Bye guizzz.
You deserve it after a long & full week!
I'm going for my Goddaughter first birthday
Thanks for the productivity tool recommendation!
You Dont Tweet As Much Your Alot More Busy ;\
Off to the studio to record some drums for a new tune...piano based, quasi-ballad. Think McCartney on this one.
Were you aware that Geronimo as a baby, was named Goyahkla, meaning “One Who Yawns”
Congrats Taylor Swift for getting Billboard's Women of the Year!!!! :)
cause our butts are fucking sexy. Who doesn't want to talk about them?
brill, thank you for sharing, I couldn't find it for some reason!
-Ugghh Im So Bored..!
Just joining up in a random consversation.
Good point. You'd have to calculate the ROI on it as well.
flippen the fuck out cause i just heard abc come on .
Only reason I'm watching feherty is because bill Clinton is on it
its a shame the AUB accepted to publish such an article.
"Mine eyes have seen the glory of the cumming of the Lord." -- babe receiving facial from Jesus Christ
Not a rhetorical question: RT Dilemma: what should I wear to #SexyResults?
Falling asleep to #godspeedyoublackemperor songs, specifically #sleep. Precious and #goodnight .
yeah. 1: guy passed out in the St. 2: abandoned car in an intersection 3. Watermain break 4. My bike was stolen.
wish your twitter account wasn't so safe. I would love to retweet this.
and it wont turn back on!
lmao you a whole fool.... I told you thats that alter ego, so what have you named her
keep doing ya thang bro
Dear #liquorati, is it sacrilege to build a margarita with añejo vs reposado? & made the comparison possible. Salud!
School SUCK Ass Ha ! -_-
His 1st MLB year was 1948! “: Twins losing 4-3 to the Rangers, on Jack I can not imagine what Jackie went through in 1947.”
your loss!
Checking out apt 700 block Louisa. Landlord just advised to use stove in winter if heat inadequate.
Time tracking - have you ever tracked your day? What tools do you like best? Anyone used Klok?
ok give me a second i'll let you know when i finished
Watch your Twitter acct.... virus going around...
"We need more pitchers b/c we sell Margaritas out of them on Wednesday nights and it gives u free advertising" WTF? Margaritas make me $0
i want my hair to look more natural like i dont want it too fancy like other people have it :)
Who TPs houses anymore, really?
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in times of comfort, but where he stands @ times of challenge & controversy. ML King Jr.
Keep up the good work, Scott!
Contest day!
Painting all day, then the Holiday Design Gala at Design World Market-see you all there!
I feel like i dont even get high anymore lol
thanks for the RT!
anesthesia wearing off.... tweets may be weirder than usual.. you were warned...
Whatcha think about the 2nd half ending? Ted & Victoria, Barney & Robin.
How's everyone's weekends been? Any good concerts? Or cool music you found?
On my way to Miami!!! :) Yay! I need this vaca! :)
POTUS: I loved your use of "Real American" at Press Dinner. Any other themes planned for DNC convention?
#Heat decided to start actually trying
haha what'd you say???
It's like Blissdom all over! :)
Carrie Underwood is the only one who should sing "Jesus Take The Wheel".
Students over 19 are allowed to play sports, but their participation disqualifies the team from playoffs, etc.
do we have an error count for Andy and Pico?
The Farmer In His Own Hell
: So, you wouldn't recommend joining the Army?
already did :)
nothing much jus the same and trying to find my happy place
it has been proven that when people read magazines they cant distinguish between editorials and advertisements. true & sad.
Thanks for that UF link Christine
Just finishing up our presentation on Evolving Your Business. See you at Event Solutions
It's a mistake in itself! I literally JUST said this hahaha RT : Charmers takes last shot. Hm
kk text me !
If everyone fucked bitches and got money we'd have so much AIDS and our economy would explode. So let's not do that.
I love it when several hopped up teenagers talk over eachother on the bus and cuts through my music delivery system. Not.
Someone get me a red velvet cake for my birthday
Did you know? 66% of the world’s work falls on women’s shoulders, yet they earn 10% of the world’s income.
Please pray for our family as we just found out that my wife's aunt passed away tonight.
A Filmmaker who is Christian: www.filmmakingchristian.blogspot.com
I'd rather lose something great, than lose myself trying to keep it.
Performing this Saturday 8-11pm in Lubbock at Rain Uptown: 5217 98th Street
Checked in 15 Minutes to spare....bye #Chi #town done for the evening... #Ciao #peace to u
Ya I laugh when I call you a slut. Its funny
Hell yeah mane
I love you
Have you ever smoked some weed that made it hard for you catch your breath...
good for you! have fun!
Hillderbrand sparks up the Spartans wit a big hit!!!
Thx for the RT. Good to see you yesterday!
#20SongsILove 1- if this was a movie by Taylor Swift; 2- 7 things by Miley cyrus; 3- the one that got away by Katy Perry.
I forgot my wallet, so I can't even change my mind at the last minute :-(
We appreciate you allowing us to be part of your oudda this world day!
what's the song called?
Thanks so much! So nice to hear. Hope you have a great weekend.
Can't wait! 9pm PST! RT : Guest judging on TONIGHT’S episode of ! -ZS
2 full weeks left. We can do this.
How do you celebrate a Texas Christmas?
1 class Wednesday's 👌
#20ThingsAboutMe the song Beez In The Trap calms me down when im mad .
I hate when pandora ask if I'm still listening...no I plugged my ears..
Double OT.
The thought "Maybe I do want to live in Chicago forever" just crossed my mind and I dunno what to do with it.
ugh. at least it's not in painsville again
now ur making me cry, i learned that my friends brother has DS but i still love him and help him everyday. hes sweet & kind
Hope ur having a good day.....Lynne
had I known, I would have driven out to join you!
Spurs are #1 in the Western Conference!! GO SPURS GO!!
I totally forgot that Jesus resurrecting today was gonna mess up my travel time to the city! -_-
ctfu right here
Final Toledo Boomers 59 at Jefferson Lions 57
yeah this guy had no emotion but he hit the nail on the head
Please tell us more about your work w/ that company
reports #ChenGuangcheng phoned into a US Congressional Exec. Commission TODAY, chaired by longtime Reps Smith & Wolf
looking at American Dad.
is there a ton of ppl there?
I guess its just love done gone.
100s of wiener dogs descending upon dt #denver this morning @ #oktden. Long Dog Derby @ 10 a.m. Costume contest at noon for all dogs. Woof!
thanks gurl! Your dad is here
get it how u live it!!!
Seriously. Montreal is proving its mettle right now.
I need a fun way to celebrate Pi Day. Any ideas?
This is a great prank for Demi!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "so when are you bringing your girlfriend over?"
Are you asking about ? Cause they are awesome!
Congrats, Corey! And remember...what happens in Vegas....
Do It!!! ' Ima about too order me a crew neck ! :D'
RT Shit be wack when u miss a person that can potentially make u very happy, tho they're not good for u longterm
Number of times I got asked if I were a student when purchasing a museum ticket? One. Number of times I laughed about it? A MILLION.
i wass i just skipped 4th cuz i hatee that class :b
Fannie Mae Case: Expert Witness was dismissed from the case, walked out during deposition.
Decompress and share some of the things you've learned at #alamw12 at #LibraryCamp. This afternoon at 3:30pm, DCC - D165
Victoria Secret fashion show on the big screen now!
Hey luvthatoldman! Look under "jobs" on Twitter, but I have other ideas too. Visit tech2020.org and see what you can find!
Jets got Plax & Holmes, but how well will Sanchez play this year!
“: i'm naked, wanna see??” Yeah I do send me ur pic to
Good Luck Charlie! <3
Sigh. That is the root of my problem. I seem to keep falling into the same pattern even when I try not to...
#thinkgolditsfriday thats what i do on friday nights
My other bitch when my other bitch on sum other shit...
katherine vocelka tweeting during school? what has the world come to?!
Fuck you la
My vote is for garagesse.
Russian? LuckyJu, are you drunk tweeting again? :)
deal. although, i weaken at the site of kittens and cupcakes.
oh I definitely will.
The allergies are coming at me hard
whats wrong?!? TEXT ME?!
Smoke Break Records is Looking for dedicated Street Team Members || good way to make side doe || contact
I imagine monkey-wrangling is hard, but what about the dancers, as well as the landscape?
henry's dancing on LBJ legacy: First vol. of Caro opus makes perfect foot stoll for my son's bouncer. book too heavy for actual reading
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Escambia, Mobile, Monroe & Washington Counties until 09:45 PM
Let Go And Let God Work
Stop being so pretty!!!!
beat the heat with Frankie's SANGRIA. kick ass red or cool summer white.
Don't lose the girl that loves you ...chasing after the girls that will only like you
Improve processes, eliminate work you don't need to do, divide work differently, etc
don't play What u doing
Stop by Kleven Contemporary in 2012...at least once so you can say you've been here...
I like those the most!!
I want to go on a #cruise because cruising is the best kind of vacation there is!
How you get so many followers? Lol
New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas. I don't think a high-def camera is enough to make me buy the new one...
how Much?
me? Who is going to the first one?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you're common law married and then split up, you must have a formal divorce before you're single again.
ohmygosh, I can't wait for #SaySomethin to be up on iTunes. It's an amazing song your voice is perfect.<3
The Truth..
What do you want to achieve in 2012?
Grass could always be made red. If you really wanted it.
I am against states that start with a letter "k".
TMI? ;) RT My bed is the most amazing place ever right now.
In school tweeting
what IS SMS text messaging? I don't text... what's SMS?
A tipping point, no. For example, I'm not about to start worrying again about a renascent Iraqi nuclear program....
Great meeting you at #ChennaiGIP today. I'll setup the live coding session once I get the technicalities word out. Cheers.
With all the tools and information I have at my finger tips I'm amazed I don't utilize them more...for my own benefit
is playing in Chicago. I'm stuck in the airport flying out of Chicago. My heart hurts in so many ways right now.
mahomies are better(;
#iusedtothink i had secret powers i just didn't know how to use them lol
U kno who gind find u! Sum old man fishin!!b.
I know lol
ryan and i are kind of sick he stayed home so from school so i'm taking him to the doc, my legs are TRASHED maybe i'll run wed?
BUMMER-look in the fridge my chocolates not there
Yes, Avengers was that good. Also: two bonus scenes! 1 during credits, one ALL the way at the end. Don't miss it!
Did you see that EPIC Rockies come back?? Oh wait they are done #FU*K the Monfords...
Day 57 of 100: I am thankful for a day off with movies
lol @ grammatical errors!
Thanks, Owen. Appreciate the kind words.
he is doing twelve ounce curls!.....my favorite workout.....
Correction: RIM - Jim Balsillie retires. BlackBerry was fashionable once upon a time, but it fell off quick.
John Travolta Gay. R we really suprised?
I suggest you cover a One Direction song.
Norwalk, CT: We are looking for an Assistant Market Research Associate. DM if interested, for more info, or w/ a referral
Oh! I am smiling! If only I could tell you what all went on over here last night! But I don't kiss and tell! Here's to life :)
Its cool to know we live in an age where superheroes are being arrested
"And all I've loved, I've loved alone." - Edgar Allen Poe
Less than 24 hours until the curtain rises! #FarragutNorth tomorrow night in the regional premier!
Good Morning #Baltimore! Todays word of the day is maligned. The worlds most maligned individual today is tomorrows hero. Stay Dry bmore.
is baking Christmas cookies and listening to Journey while the rest of the family is at Brett's game. Hope the Lions win!!
I saw you on Fox and Friends this morning, watched your videos and ordered your book. Where have you been all my life? :-)
"Jesus" Just walked by the Machinima offices...
RT : Want to suggest a topic for a future #hcsm chat? Just DM or (without the hashtag). See you tonight @ 8pm CT!
yes. They do. They give you wings
Back home from Montreal safe & sound--coming home to big snow predictions in Seattle.
"By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean." - Mark Twain
I feel like I'm being a bad UK fan when I enjoy that movie. RT Glory Road is one of the best basketball movies ever...
r.i.p #stevejobs. thank you for changing the world. ♥
Thanks, that sucks though... RT : He passed out on the field. Think he got hit in the arm.
That Field Goal should just about ice this game for the #Steelers, err,
I got my baby back! <3
Anyone seen any of the "Avengers" around town? Word is no RDJr. but do we have ScarJo or Capt America Chris Evans?
Im headed from Stapleton to Lakeside. Gonna be assisting my ass off. Gottq love school.
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail."
Happy Spring to all!!! What a beautiful day! :)
Today could be one of the biggest days in video game history as the Supreme Court rules whether video games are considered protected speech.
Texting my sis in law we going to thug this summer
that - pretty lady - just made My DAY! Love u very much!!!
Google "Executive orders by President" & the National Defense Resources Preparedness (Peacetime Martial Law) shows up. NOT SO MUCH!
no way! What did you guys say? Thanks for the follow!
Get a chance to work w/ and his staff at our True 2 the Game Elite Camp. June 30-July 1, 2012. Gr. 5-8. $175....
Sean Penn! RT : What future Oscar winner starred in The Beaver Trilogy?
I've got the evidence
sounds delicious!
New #IDSA video on medical device markets & design: www.plasticsnews.com/video.
fuck you niggah. Mac miller is the shit an you ain't nothing.
“: My next video is going to be another video but different from all the others i've done :)” u rok
Great, great energizing time at #sxswedu. Taking home pages of notes and new energy for all the things that does!
retweeting is also a great way to show you are engaged!
yes it is working right now
Ready to help 9 people make 5 figures a month within a year's time in the US and Canada. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Obama acting like he give a fuck about black people again,must be re-election time
fantastic talk, a very clear vision and challenge
Listen to live in 3 mins.
Happy Halloween! Remember, you can't spell BOOZE without BOO. Come to think of it, the same principal applies to boobs.
you're welcome, but you'll be disappointed. Even the dishes are done.
A visionary company does not merely balance between idealism and profitability: it seeks to be highly idealistic and highly lucrative.
Well, looks like spring came back for a few days...
Danny is our hatchet man .... Or so says my my wife
Redskins are gonna love #rg3. Redskins are diehard fans.
Frying the prime rib tonight, genius!!
Man get Mimi's peace keeping ass outta here.
hm...gummi worms and Big Red for sure ;)
I don't see why I gotta compete with niggas like y'all . I just ask that you speak up when you see me that's all <3 GM <3
hahaha we get the exact same punishment XD
#NEVER take anything for granted!
Craving some Colton's rolls. Bring me some 😘
Hi, my names Cheyenne I like fast cars and green eyes <3
It's kinda creepy I tweet that I'm headed to Disney Land and random people from Cali started to follow me... O_o
I know a guy going to see Van Halen tonight. Those guys arent young anymore. Even worse- Kool & The Gang is opening for them! Ha!
You can do it! Chop its balls off!
it's never too much
favorite? Well damn I hope they only have 1 lol
U will never catch me sulking, I get shit done fam.
yey it was nothing :) for my #TVDFamily I do whatever. xo
it's open-ended so we can fill in the blank w/ all sorts of vile activities. Public school kids aren't to be trusted
yea but with a hair line like johns
you're fun
Parents could be annoying and if there not there strike like really ??? What would we do without them??
new to twitter. you are pretty
Dude, please do it. That would be the best thing ever!
A win is a win! Way to go
Action is the real measure of intelligence. Napoleon Hill
Happy Mother's Day!!!
It might not be a game but family is quite entertained by whatever NFL holiday special is on now.
Yay for me! Im Twittering! lol
chris can u follow me please
@ Joss Live (aka This American Life)
Can you guys go to bed? Why is everyone awake? GO TO BED!
A big hello & thanks to my newest tweeps! x
Finally some decent weather here in DC. I'd rather have 80's and rain, than sun and 105!
Long day of work before the
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. ~ Charles de Gaulle
Grammy's are on February 12th. Jazz is announced in the early afternoon. If there's crazy news- you'll hear me holler back in NYC.
Brock Trotter has 3 points (1g, 2a) and is +2 in plus/minus through three games with the St. John's IceCaps.
The hell did I just type out...
yayyy,Congratulations!! I kno ur excited. What are you guys expecting?
Sweet Sixteen time! Great games in the mix.
lol I concur
no I'm myself and have no correlation with him haha
Thanks Kim. Awesome suggestion.
I need an assistant
#Never will notice me
Track practice on a Monday. Early in the morning. On spring break. Is NO FUN!!!
"My deepest condolences to Robert Horry & family on the loss of their daughter. RIP Ashlyn Horry.
Are you worried about financing your holiday business? Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
My mom threatened to stab me with a fork at dinner. oh. XD
Can we get some sort of celebration for Ibi? I need to cry some more
Agreed, but most "anon" papers are findable by web search, and what ed would really reject a big name? Anonymity is just gatekeeping
If I get a refund this year, I'ma cut twelve flips in a row AND do a split! LOL
my fav=used to be!! But burn is def top 5!
cause my mommy told me aint have to go if ian want to .
What if I would open myself up to being everything I have decided it is not possible to be? My point of view creates my reality.
ESPN MLB - OF Pat Burrell will officially retire as member of Phillies in May; 4th in team history with 251 HRs
Just curious..how many of my friends are on pintrest?
Learning to make Pate de fruit! Look out!
the pic rendered me speechless ;-)
very timely discussion will hope with upcoming client presentation
DM me please
Seattle is great! Timeca is great! We're all great! Good to hear from you, sounds like you are keeping way busy.
Awh, I miss you too Bestfriend. “ “: Like Me?? Lol “ I miss alot of my follower #RT”” Yea”
Followed! And Thanks!! :)
And to my Hollie and Sam.... Kinda thank you to Hayden and Mariah for being lesbians.....
Thank you Gale - look forward to getting your tweets!
Good morning #Chicago!
Omfg has me hooked on blackberry
lol I have way more followers than what I'm following
painted a kitty easter egg today!
Today is 19 months CANCER FREE. Suck my big one cancer Wayne 1 Cancer 0 WAYNE-ING.
I don't get the point of twitter
U have to act dumb to lying niggas....smh
Absolutely, we'll let you know when we do
Yea She Can Get It! Ha
hahah no it can't!
Yeah i think your domain expired, it says that on my laptop! D:
updating client company store for better performance and reliability. Thanks for your patience Kathlene!
up cant wat the bloody frog?so a nigga eatting cearl...how every you spell it
Having izon app trouble...it stays frozen even after logging in and out! no response from support...any live number I can call?
dance fucker dance. like you've never had a chance
Please join us March 10th expo with full band lets go!
Zumba. Columbia College. Stage 2. Now.
That's okay. ChaCha still loves you and we'll always take you back. *Prank your idiot friends! Get
I always wanna call into radio stations and be that 9th caller but I can't ever remember the number when they give it
Hello NYC! Finally here , Laherte Freres Brut in the glass, crispy pig ears on the way. Life is good...
Did you know... On March 15, 2012, City Council passed a new ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers!
So maybe I'm watching my favorite New Girl episode for the 10th time. And maybe I poured vodka into my lemonade.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 28
Family Travel Bookings Soar, More booking vacation rentals as alternative to hotels. If you own a vacation rental are you listed on...
Hey Chris, great to meet you at SXSW. Hope you've recovered.
Sent my boyfriend a cute LONG text why havent i got anything back I think i scared him off hmm oh well
im tired...goodnight twitter(:
Like a sideways 8 ill always love you<3
your welcome
no i made that up myself
I have an adorable outfit for tomorrow.... but I cant wear it because of this damn weather!!!! #really #59°
First Penn State now Syracuse? Every AD in the country is holding their breath that their school isn't next
im a nice person but if you get in my face i will knock you out i stand up for myself...watch out!
She #TeamThunder I'll call her during the game :)
thank you Eddie, that's good advice. I think ill try some of those!
That's the stuff!
kudos to (I think it was ) for giving God thx for the weather in Indianapolis! Way to go!
That moment when you turn and catch someone staring at you, normally people turn when you catch them, but no this person keeps staring.
go to Atrisco Bean.
Lmao no I love my Broncos but you know we have no chance lol ": trader!!!!"
If there was a documentary about Morgan Freeman, who would narrate it?
I'm finally on twitter!!! YAY!
Two light weights one four loko
Yeah sweetie,
at the beauty shop
The people around me seem to be my main motivation...
Suck it cuz you suck balls
Landmark Society to develop African-American landmarks 'task list' to identify properties potentially overlooked
U may not be a TV celebrity but if you're famous 2 everyone else you know, then look the part w/ a real hairline on a lace wig! 855-DRWIGGY
haha i know. i got it handled lol its okay.
Certain HTML5 microdata gets you Google rich snippets.
Waking up from partying sunday. I hate Mondays.
follow me?
If A. Brown can nail down the WR3 spot for PIT he may be #FantasyFootball relevant
Enjoy our Happy Hour before the BCS Championship Game and get your Drink Specials Extedned throughout the entire night! See you then!
going to the gym in 4 minutes, i hope to see you soon.
Watchin baby boy with my sis and cousin
I have to remember to tweet more from my phone since I can't do it at work anymore
I love Cleveland Heights, lived here a majority of my life. Bossa Nova wafting through my window.
Push/Pull Hardware System suits healthcare environments.
So when is the brewery officially open to the public for good? btw congrats!
I don't follow the #nfldraft often (joke) but when I do I follow these guys
I feel like I'm always doing shit for people but when it comes time for them to help me it's out of the question
i want to switch schools so bad..
Another pathway, prototyping and scaling new models of learning.
What's better than the ability to go to a grocery store at 1am?
It's nice to be back in NYC after a string of gigs in Europe. Thanks to all the great cats who played with me and to everyone listening!
Do we need to mail in keys to Fox so they will save ?
Facebook Tip: Use Milestones on your timeline to educate abt important dates (legislative milestones, past event dates, etc)
Coffee completes me. Ahh m.
Me too! I can sleep all day, though...
As Pirates fans from across the world go NO!
awesome! can you post a link?
Talking 2 sum1 who is out of breath is exhausting 😝
I'll bite. Use in a sentence. RT "Horse trading" is my new favorite thing to say.
Got my 12th tattoo tonight...now to hide it from my mom!!!
there pay roll is loaded think they wuld be gunning for spot for playoffs!!
lolol RT : Madrid is over! We're free! We're free!
-__- Don't Stale Face Me Smuddd!
I'm back in #Nashville through next week to engage in what I hope is the very last battle in my fight for innocence.
glad you could join us!
i hate them today
Checking out the madness at the New York International Gift Fair. Pier 92 first, Javits center later...
This is my last weekend of freedom!
& "knuckleheads" “: . Translation: Bealefeld's exhausted”
o. What do you think?
#NF because of
one day at a time...
#marchmadness Vandy's Brad Tinsley (Oregon City) scores 10pts in last game. How his parents saw EVERY Vandy game for 4yrs.KOIN at 7pm
They got eyes for you! o we o
Its 5:36 where I live! merry Christmas peoples! :)
what you watching ??xx
don't do it!! If you really want to just stay off Twitter for a few days
I have so much blood in my brain right now from standing upside down. I can't feel my legs, or hands.....
I'M SORRY BUT THAT WAS THE BEST WAY EVER TO ANNOUNCE WHAT TEAM YOUR SIGNING WITH.
Been to Knoxville for #soslam, then to Boston for 15 year high school reunion and now on my way home to DC!
Heavy D passed away today????
K girl (who said she's not really in the K) said the poor are bottom feeders while the rich deserve subsidies. How sick is that?
ALREADY GOING!! Follow for me?!?! -MB
Barely but I was being sarcastic.
A hug a day keeps the demons at bay. - German Proverb
Thanks! I have the book, but I saw only one page on tabbing that mentions columns. Haven't read it all yet tho.
I was very close to rent "Downtown Abbey" but decided on Dr. Who... I'm on season 3 with David Tennant. My tattoo is great
Oh yay my mom just comes home what the fuck
smartphone... in T minus 2 days... more twittering to come. i promise
I think its very ironic how people I haven't talked to in months want to "hang out" all of a sudden...suspicions.
Any DC social media types want to join me at event on Thurs? My journo friend launches SocialMedia4SocialGood series.
no doubt, but whoever land's Peyton Manning can expect a bunch of former Colt fans to come with him
Good luck! Let us know if you have any questions!
I keep my dog on my laps... She's so cute... ♥
Thank you Lindenwood baseball team for coming into my work 5 minutes before we closed. It was a pleasure serving all 50 of you.
So it sounds like the #AustinBeerFest is an unmitigated disaster of pour planning and overpriced beer. Good thing I didn't go.
Man I hope I don't fuck this up..
Watching my mom get drunk by herself off of wine>>>
It should not have cost THAT much.
It's my birthday!!! RT Happy birthday Aquarians TeamJanuary28
RE: Tchr partnerships w families and comm- Shouldn't it be the other way around? It was so in my daughter's school. Called: PTA
Hispanic, what generation, country of origin, language preference? Diverse in itself. #admerica!
follow me first
Thanks for the RTs today ! You. Are. Awesome.
I keep getting paranoid Illustrator is going to crash...so I'm hitting Apple+S a lot...and I'm sketching...on paper
I'm sure Power Rangers will live on FOREVER
Pitino speak RT Rick Pitino - This is thehappiest I've been in my entire career.
What are examples in your life that show art as engineering?
Hail! RT : Congrats welcome to DC!
WHT?!? Did Sammy tell Hanna to 'tone up'? No he didnt...
We finally found real pita bread in #DFW! Sara's Bakery, 750 S. Sherman in
rooting for you!
Currently, one in four rural students fails to graduate from high school, and the rate is even lower for minority youth
Got a major headache does anyone know of. Any home remedies??
trying to memorize Romeo and Juliet , damn -.-
That was pretty good. But not as great as LBJ jumping over a dude ... you got skills but to smack him?
It was great meeting you today!
Quicker the better ..
I wonder if would do anything to get me some phones that work on LTE. 4g is a joke in Phoenix. I want LTE. Wife wants an iPhone.
"It's 5 o'clock Somewhere" and you're stuck in traffic with me.
a drawing for a slobber snaks hat & t-shirt..will you be a winner?
Columbus Short looks very handsome on #scandal!
Hi , play me some Elvis Costello!
- Good luck
cant want to hear! message me!
Thanks man. It's greatly needed.
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long , no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Good for you! Inspiring.
For exercise lasting less than 1 hr water is sufficient its only after 1 hr do you need to start replacing carbohydrates
diner with the family, laker game :D wbu?? <3
Congrats to all of my friends at home that are graduating today! You did it!!
I'm pretty sure they'll bee in love with each other forever
getting ready to move next destination. This is going to be one of those days. I cant believe I dont have a pen w/me. I am not on point
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
we have a lot of Pinot grigio that he made for my work summer party. It's good but the red beer is my personal favorite.
hahaahahahahahah we are the biggest losers in the entire world <3
suggest Laurel Pet Hospital or Dr. Kumar in hwood. TLC docs are incompetent.
love the optimism lol
Happy Easter to all that celebrate today around the world!
#wiunion MT GOP throws $$ at candidates like pay for sex | #Barrett4WI uses $$ w frugality & smarts. Who do YOU trust w Economy?
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
That works.
Instead of sitting around watching Superbowl commercials, check us out on Facebook and listen to our tunes on
Thanks for RT of article. Following you, feel free to follow back
OMG! my body and neck is hurting from the Kesha Music Video shoot, danced a little to hard.
Delight was all mine! Thanks for the shout out Lauren.
Come on people follow (: please
Sitting, thinking, waiting.
cher lloyd is so cute aw
the unedited version of me -->
Trad fare. Settled fir au Bon pan.
But the biggest surprise was the orchestra.
Props to parents who put together toys for their kids for Christmas...a gift for my niece & nephew just about killed me.
Thank you for the Retweets.
freshly brewed espresso. laptop. my fave pjs. time to work!
I just played the first mission once. It's my do-while-waiting-for-coffee-to-kick-in thing.
Ugh boys.
Ahah, go ahead and take my spot. It's like a dinner with him. I just have multiple AP tests to study for and there are people
I love my family, my N/A family, my friends, the internet, and my cats. Yeah, that's about it.
You turned your back on tomorrow, 'cause you forgot yesterday
When production turns off the rain machine.
its a contest to get FarmVille cash
good morning .your birthday n two days . We going have to link up . Mwah have a blesses dat
And you can buy the 's EP on iTunes!
1 F.... Im gonna have a heart attack! he better update his grades ASAP!
Hopefully these officials don't fuck around.
Don't worry, folks. All those Rotten Tomatoes commenters complaining about that Avengers review will be treated well at Regal Cinemas.
If you followed me thank you :) i will Follow back the next time i get on my computer if you have a youtube please subscibe
See you there.
right, i understand downtown is a mess right now. probably not 's fault, but it still sucks.
Thanks for the RTs. See you at the #sdmediaPR party 3/1.
Never taking an 8am class again. #collegestudentproblems 💤💤💤
lol. I know you do.
Has the tea party become a GOP liability? - Washington Post
Can't make it! Thats whats pissing me off.
http:// mnlearningcommons.org MN learning commons--improve quality with shared resources
Who had a blast Streaking?! Feel free to tweet photos or videos from the Streak!
ICE, ICE BABY!
loll what else?(:
That's the "fru-fru" Connecticut Muffin... The "working Joe" CM is on Myrtle and Clinton...lol
so tired
What if and meet? Will the space time continuum explode?!?
We are looking for volunteers and entertainment for our course. Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
hahaha, it's all out of love, ask my brother and mom LOVE her accent :P
I KNOW BUT I LOVE HIM TOO. its alright ill just go marry cenzo.
Good morning Tweeters!!!! Have a #BLESSED day!! :D
Happy birthday Geraldine Ferraro! Born in 1935, she became 1st female Vice Presdential candidate on a major party ticket.
Thanks for being a ray of sunshine. You made me feel infinitely better last night!
Whenever u practice or perform a composition, celebrate its unique message. Feel the excitement of listening 2 the music for the first time.
The service in this school sucks
Reality bites
i had a revelation about the world i live in, the goverment and its people think they have owner ship,
Just prepared and cooked a chilli (with lots of fresh chillis!)for tonight's xmas get together and then put my contact lenses in - #OUCH!!
Its almost unreal how annoying one person can be.
what about something less witty/stupid and more tough/angry? or i'm sure there is a perfect combination of the 4
i've been trying to get to the Tut exhibit since it got here! ugh. i'm definitely going this week too...
Happy Birthday to !!! Hope you have a great one Sandy!!
good monday morning! retweet if you took advantage of our buy 3 t-shirts or tanks, get 2 free this weekend at #platoscloset!
All I got 2 say is word...
Roly-poly most def RT : I'm having a very important fight and I need twitter to weigh in..."Roly-Poly" or "doodle-bug"?
~ Reds got damaged goods from the Phillies. Madson is a fraud!
Am I the only one that dare thinks that kanye west and kim kardashian make a good couple?
Tehehe Randon Flashback: Me: "just left the therapist" Tyler: "what rapist?"
Not good. Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton. Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
hey now, I resemble that remark!
you know, you don't even sound like they do.... I mean metal is metal but you can't really compare the two bands.
Bears brother. TiVo the other show.
Whatever we think about and thank about, we bring about. - John Demartini
sexism aside, it was fanboy softcore. Uh, ok cool you just found out about a great scientist...
Save the date April 25th I will be opening up for Carl LaBove, doing his one man show at the Brokerage Comedy Club!
Junior seems to lose his enthusiasm after 1st rounds.
Frank Ocean's Lony Breaux Collection is to long..holy shit.
Biggest winners of the #WinterMeetings are the NL Central teams who no longer have to face Pujols in the division!
I saw a guy get hit by a car, the Gophers lose, and a belly shirt at the Vegas. Good times?!
Bored!! whats good!
what up homes?? When u touchdown in Milwaukee hit me bro
hey! some of us are merely strategists who work WITH new media
lol u make me smile when I don't feel like it :D
your life was seeking the law. i'm glad we were able to share it with you. :-)
sweet. just got a CR-48!
Steve Weber given 2011 EDC Herb Klein Civic Leadership award. Well deserved, Dr. Weber. Go Aztecs. Fight. Fight. Fight!
in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
check out our buddies from Everyone Dies In Utah, , they just signed with at www.myspace.com/everyonediesinutah
At the radio station for now and then back in the studio tonight!
“: Just a few mins away from #HuntersTop3 - what songs do you want? Use the hashtag...” #graffiti 6 Free!!
God is blessing me everyday I'm growing closer to him & I'm so excited about all he's doing in my own life & the lives of those around me :)
- it was great meeting you guys and kicking off the new year!
Why should I comment on the Briere topic when there is a perfectly good dead horse over there that still needs beating
Head on down to #DCenter @ 218 W. Saratoga & join us for performances by young women as part of the 7th Annual Wide Angle Youth Media Fest.
Don't sweat the small stuff. And remember: Everything is small stuff. ~ Funny inspirational saying ~
How big my boobs are. Its
#Dayton, OH followers can #text RMHC to 90210 for #charity events & info alerts from Ronald McDonald House Charities. #Mobile is the future!
tell her thanks! I'll only drink enough to be a litte drunk and i'll do a shot for her
SHOOTING last night at Circus Bar in Daytona. There were no injuries and one person was arrested.
You can go through North Carolina, but only if you drive straight.
I give it 20 minutes before "Drunk Girl" spills her drink on me.
Oh Swamplandia! You were so close!
Making a new twitter (:
Over it .
Has anyone had eyelash extensions before? Were they totally awesome like they sound? Or a waste of money?
Local BID sponsored a 5K each Fri afternoon in April. Didn't get to participate but am reaping the side benefit of an empty gym.
Wow what an inspiring young man!!
YOu got that right, dude! it's been AWFUL this evening, though this segment was really nice
SO SALTY! I COULDA' WORKED TODAY WITH damn!
Also, try re: looking for writers for
Context free: "I'll bet Lindsay would do it if you gave her five bucks."
Anytime bro.
#thekinks all day
When dreams make you miss people
G-"Me too! And orange. We would be happy with PB cup necklaces, but messy. My dogs would try to eat them."
Praying for you, Mandi.
lol!!! It just says " to my Arab friends, good morning "
i love you too :))
#Imhopingthat I'm not destined to be a failure and that all my hard work will lead to success in the future.
I think im going to start putting my pants on both legs at the same time
this one guy you don't know
#ImThatPersonWho You're gonna love or hate not too much in between
:) You know it. What was that about cupcakes? ...Pinkberry?
So appropriate. Is this ? RT #FF See Baseball's Best Fans take it in stride:
wide awake & I need to be sleeping! Nothing like buying a house before Christmas and then trying to get it done on time
“: #mlanet12 Reserved my room at the Sheraton!” I reserved mine today and need to do my travel request too.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why the HELL am I doing this? Lol
we all need to hang out sometime to! :')
Ah yes, just downloaded "The Hangover", packing my bags and headed off to Vegas in the morning. It's gonna be a great week at
you don't have girl problems...lol
I used to be addicted to your touch. Now I'm addicted to watching you walk away...
me for sure!!
This sunshine is fucking money.
Westbrook is unguardable when hitting from outside like this
that is the cutest ever!
watching Never Say Nver Directors Fan Cut on netflix. thats whats up!
Cash flow! RT to - Remember the eternal words of : "You can't eat a $%^&ing hug."
I loved it but then again I love all movies. Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as we did. How about some new music, soon?
Have fun! Gotta take mine in for that good ol Service A next week. RT : Think I'm going to take my car in for maintenance...
FINALLY back in San Antonio tomorrow for white Christmas party! Wooohoooo!
Details Coming Soon for the New Years Event, Stay Tuned.
I'm going to miss you bro, I wish you the best
Hey Kid... bien benido to twitter. =O)
No school because of the wildfires so probly no practice and probably no game
Let's hope this summer is gonna be amazing because this is my last teen hoot.
I think this is the first time I've ever seen a Prius at the gas station!
National council of la raza speaking at
Turned me off, also. I was bar mitzvahed, Jewish fraternity in college. Whole 9yds. Now? Turned off after my Dad died in 1989.
There's no use defending words you'll never say
We had 2 inches of rain yesterday which could have been 20 inches if snow! Celebrate our good fortune with a trip to Fujiyama. Yeah!
THURSDAY! & we have to get it done or were failures at life.
yesterday you did that
okay guys....I really need to do my paper. Give me some motivation....NOW! :)
No need. Plenty of people there to slow your velocity. Just try to avoid little kids.
Excited for the start of #techatstate on data visualization.
Nice man!
Believe in progress: not left or right
Guys, if you vocalize your opinion on how hot a girl is and are attracted to another girl(s) you arent happy with what you have.
And its not because I don't want a plan or haven't tried, it's just not within my grasp.
Police: Man who shot and killed himself id'd as 44-year-old John Wimberly Smith.
dm'ed back…again
Baltimore City can help to close the state budget gap by implementing truck prohibitions downtown. Trucks drive downtown to avoid 95 tolls.
whats good Johnny I know u through j hustle
vielen dank ... Thanks for the follow back dude!!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loosing any of your mindset winnings.
nice stategerie...think I may try the same tonight.
it's going pretty good can't wait for summer vacation seems so far away lol! But it's really not!
Kimbra has such a nice voice
For me? There are no other ones - but it'll be interesting to see what other say. Flickr has come up a few times.
You online? Make #huggle TREND!!!
Living in SF I see a blurred line between hipster and hippie. Not the kind of hippie my mom was though. The bad kind.
Those who hate me; wake me up. Those who love me; power me up.
its a DONE DEAL
Beer Can Raft has an attractive young cast and batman for a stage manager.
Haha yeah, he tried to pet it and it bit His hand. It's all swollen and gross looking. He'll be fine though. (:
"The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results."
Anytime, best friend! Always here for you and Nanda! <333
Find me on !! Search MelissaReidFox8! 📷📱👍
I see all these tweets about the the bamboozle and I wanna fucking go!
I'm back now. Had to drop some money at the mechanic.
Tamara Ward, Colorado Concern - counts over 100 CEOs across the state in its membership. Testifying in support of HB1238 now
is it wrong that the fact that that isn't right upsets me?
The façade looks nice, but the foundation is rotten.
RT : Just listened to my shout out on is so ending up dead and violated on train tracks. (order of...
Fully-Inked Shirt #GIVEAWAY coming soon!!....Who wants one?
Attention distinguished guests! The #NOSCA Natl Advocacy Awards luncheon starts...right now.
where do you find out ?
I couldn't see ur last tweet so I thought u stopped talkin 2 me
Follow my otha twitter---->>
Back To The Home,AARGHH:///
No not seriously... LOL
bad decisions make really great stories!
are u still signing artists?
it's not as simple as just snapping your fingers and pulling one and dones. Those kids must have a reason to play for u.
I love going to a conference in wet clothes after sitting on wet tram seat to go to wet monorail. =epicfail.
sweet! Hope u get good weather and waves!
I had the same thought!
gt da stealths bra they just came out
It was fun when I was there!
My thoughts are with the families of the American and Afghani forces lost today.
In Spanish class. Bored.
Awww. Hope you can at least cross train.
Attention all of Comic Vine: my secret project will be revealed tommorow! the wait is over!
What type of talent are you working with?
Anson, if you love me, you'll help me with algebra 2. Lol
I aint Jealous I Just Know When Shit Aint Right
I think dr p and axe ads still work for certain markets and genders. They are not for everyone, but you can't say they don't work
lol oh yea my bday party in july just giving u a heads up now
Damn I'm hungry... I can't wait til Thursday!
Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
alright ! i can't wait
Jennifer Hudson just did me in. Amazing tribute.
You never asked, I guess.
I'm only getting older, somebody shoulda told em....
Love the pic!!
I thought you would have to like run ALOTTT. bahahha i'll do it nextt year((;
That was lame haha oh well
I won't miss a second.
What's the opposite of chick?
FREE BIRD
My mind be all over the place smh
Steve, 1. Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich 2. Follow!
RT : (Secret #89) Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler. - Einstein
Social injustice RT : Low-income citizens can reach only 35 percent of jobs in major metro areas by transit in 90 min...
I mean to tell you that it is you who aresuffering from the emasculating ravages of that same microbe
A source tells ny1 that the black and puerto rican caucus is threatening to vote as a block against senate and assembly lines
Time for some #RetailTherapy :) who's comin with me?????
Vito Russo to Arnie Kantrowitz, 1977: "California is contagious but I haven't caught it. At least not yet. I miss the dirty streets of N.Y."
Let's go Tiger. Hope he brings home a 5th Green Jacket
I wonder what my friends are up to this weekend?
haha I never had sex but it look like it feels good.
I'm a Pats fan ,and a huge Kurt Warner fan. Cheating is wrong, wrong .They got punished and served there time, so to speak.
don't give him your email address!
Chick Fil A puts me in a happy place.
Like being able to vote, or are you naturalized?
So u had no problem with the $1 Bil a month in Afghanistan? The $2.5 TRILLION+ spent on healthcare yearly? Dont spend? Got it!
Curses on the Medieval Academy's 250-word limit on paper abstracts!
Having a Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat at the Lobster Trap, Avalon Harbor on Catalina Island.
lmao keeping it real
Just had my last McDonald's meal before I start with my personal trainer tomorrow at the gym
#thatawkwardmoment when you have sand in your vagina...
Or ya know I could just sleep 👍
Maybe thought he was supposed to vote for CA
- at our second youth in government convention right now. 370 students in town for next 3 days. So, doing my real job. :)
whatever. he can be a dick all he wants haha!
Y'all really should just follow so we don't have to constantly retweet everything she sends out
i'm ready for my close up ms. mazzurco
shoutout to for embarking on a huge step forward in his career. God Bless
Are any of them playing a magic flute with all of the rats following them? I hope they #reddup the park before they left.
wearing a blue face mask... i feel like an avatar
": thats hard" hell yea...my shit
We are finally getting settled in to our new office location. 814 Tyvola Rd., Ste. 115. Now if we can get AT&T to cooperate!!
white shark?
the scotch last night before dinner seemed like a good then, today not so much!
Another edition of "Down on the #RedSox Farm" coming tomorrow morning, including #PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a #Drive no-no.
just admitted on the radio to laying in bed last night thinking of Michael Saunders.
I'm so tempted to drive home on my lunch break so I can have it for the rest of the day!
On the bus for our fieldtrip(:
WOW, i needed to hear that
this morning
just found the perfect mix on 8tracks omg ◕‿◕
“: "People ignore design that ignores people." — Frank Chimero” impersonal design rustles my jimmies more than about anything!
Who else is excited for the True Blood premier next week?
I'm still on an emotional thrill ride since seeing Kittie, Blackgaurd, and Bonded By Blood yesterday! Gah! Why can't shows last forever?!
no, jjp the svp and amazing producer..
Justice need to be served for wat happen to trayvon Martin. R.i.p young soldier
so how did you do? Jules and the kids have fun in the sun?
Set starts at 10 Family house
“: you have the funniest tweets sometimes #hannahforpresident” yes....That would not be good for the economy tho
I wish I was there :'c, those people are SO lucky <3
There is going to be some pain over at the UT.
yeah I did lol.
PRAY THAT YOUR 2012 TESTIMONY IS TRUE (Jn 8:14) Know where you came from, and be "CRYSTAL CLEAR" about where you are going amen. #Sir Court
Good half keep
Partying hard in Downtown Orlando. ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS PHENOMENAL :)
RT if you won't remember shit by noon
Thanks for the RT!
Stuck in traffic on the LIE ..... It's 9:36pm!! I need my daily dose of Starbucks tea now!
zombies do exist...
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants
it literally happens to me all the time.....
For someone like me, who barely knows how to boil water (lol), would you say your new book has *easy* recipes?
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need
well I prefer to drive maximize the amount of fun
Thanks for adding me so quickly. Dbag....
nada. We're good
I donno , it looks interesting :o
I'm jamming to this as we speak RT : Wine for me slow
Haha incredibly sorry for all the gilmore girl RT's. Hopefully at least a handful of you understand...
and i don't wanna pay the cause but it be best if you'd get lost cuz we know you'll never change.
Frat shorts are coming back in full force
told me to remind y'all that #Sherlock series 2 is premiering this Sunday night on
Thanks to everyone that made it out to our 1st Annual SXSWi Pig Roast! That was definitely fun in the sun, with great eats and people.
Hey I ate some bomb ass vegetables for breakfast today hehehehehehe what a wonderful friday
Thanks to Hamilton, I've really climbed up the standings. Trying to decide if I should trade Pujols.
You might be a redneck if: Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen.
I'm always on my best behavior ;)
We have 80+ new members on our Linkedin Group. Come join us on "Commercial Aquaponics." We have growers, engineers, and scientists, all
Lol, that is true.. you'll now be watching my tweets to very closely won't you. Graduation ceremony is bout to be epic
So ready 4 the weekend!!! Who's with me??? Lol ;)
good points... the talk.alliedmedia site does indeed send plaintext, but so do many other non-critical web services. SSL==$$$
thanks for the retweet. Glad to find your site!
You are such a lady, Marie. RT: : I put one #doritoslocotaco in my mouth, and one in my purse for later
am gonna swag it out
I have to agree, keep the balanced schedule
fido! and anyone who says 28 Days Later doesn't know the definition of Zombie!
Spring Break promotions this week, follow us now!!!!
#Photoshop CS6 Beta -- Paragraph Styles and Character Styles! YES! Really could use those features this week!
“: I wish the weekend would hurry up and get here #Fawwwk”
just signed up for the Prospect Park series. BOOM.
The OKC Museum of Art Auction will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how are the runways looking? Any delays/cancellations?
Wow that's pretty cool :)
I hate Mr.Morrison
HA! Amazing.
8 is definitely better than 12.
99% of lawyers are giving the rest a bad name.
"bringing this show to life". Wait, what? When?!?!?
safe travels!
Those sound wonderful! Perfect for this time of year.
Love RT : It's a rare reader who doesn't go to the novel looking for a kind of encouragement to live. – Norman Rush
I definitely see the resemblance with
I don't want to start a riot, but everyone should know that "Rock 'n' Roll High School" is now available on
ok. Same here.
LOL! Drama much? // RT : The Titans are the most unlikeable team ever. The ownership doesn't give a crap about our city
Longest day ever? Worst headache imaginable?
is hands down the best player in baseball....how's Pujols doing this year, Halos?
it's ok! I still love you girl!!
CEO of Thanks for connecting, I'll check out your blog!
I am with you.
Woah! My last tweet was 65 days ago!! Hahaa wow(:
Thx 4 the follow! Please help us find these guys. We hope u love the music! Best & success!
Breck was awesome yesterday, didn't expect that
I'm in a chilled ass mood.
Happy Sunday Beautiful People! Windows Down, Top Back #LovinMyBMW - XavierLT. com
If a Child Anti - Abduction Training Program were available in your area would you have your child participate?
what about ppl like me that have to work those nights >_<;
I know you came a long way to be where you at and I know you will do great and work hard at it I will still here your song
couldn't think of a better way to spend this gross day! Hope CA wines warm us up.
were u heading for your vac
check it out at NaLee2010.com or at Amazon.com NaLee by Erin Sankey!!!
Why wasn't the new 3 Stooges movie released in December so it could qualify for Oscar consideration?
The way yu talk, the way walk, the way yu move, the way yu smile
RT : The Devils power play is about as productive as Helen Keller solving a rubik's cube.
Me too. Been a fan of Sunday Morning since I was a kid. I never miss it!!!
You are sweet to mention my story. Thank you :-)
YOU AINT WORRYING ABOUT IT BUT YOUR POPS IS CRYING RIGHT NOW ! HE SHOULD'VE READ MY TWEET TO HIM ! HE WOULDVE WON
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. ~ Mandela
The chili is super good! Even in hot weather at 8am:-)
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Richard Shaten shaking his beard & playing a few songs too right now at Ivory Room!
Can I get a B-Day RT from the GREATest receiver ever??
Idk if I should be happy or sad..I'm getting old 😔😔😔😔😔
The world's coming to a end people are going to start dying if depression
My real last name: Provizer
great article! thanks for posting.
I wonder sometimes how I would define beauty if I were blind.
"Make It Stop" is the new Rise Against single. It's also what I thi
Bout Time.!
It's only a standing cutout, not a mechanical bull-style mustache. Add your own punchline here...
Don't be humble. You're not that great.
hey have you got kik ?
Brand new Taxonomy Division is accomplishing great things after only nine months!
I agree. I thought it was the same lyrics u did. Enrique is getting risqué in his old age...
cardo isone of the best producers out there. hes
Hangover left me...Shout out to tha baddest mother's #HappyMother'sDay
I still want s'mores and it's al your fault
I need a job!
: very nice
OKAY THANK YOU.
We out here tryin to function ..!!
summer nights! :)
"I'm so over him"... the biggest lie...
Who got the pack
#BramptonGirls trended because they're Hoes and they Lie.
I put last name first....loyalty binds me.
Been eating all day... I just cant stop. Everythings so tasty. Lol
Getting that text message that just breaks your heart <<<
Me and this body pillow are about to make sweet love.
#rememberwhen in kansas city the bitch @ the hotel shop wouldnt let us buy an energy drink but let me buy a condom?
I would dire if Ariana tweeted me like I'll soo much!!!!
Ottawa is like 1 gigantic Milwaukee basement show, except the bands are good.
why dnt u try smiling for once then maybe ur twitcon wouldn't look like a mug shot...
Yes, all is well here, how has your week been? Looking forward to a sunny weekend here :)
rooting hard 4 you guys have a great game
Oh I am enthralled girl! There is no turning back now.
my bad thought you were at it again. Launched the iPad and loaded an old semi-apology. Maybe it's time to stir it up?
"Creative is the least important most important thing." - Don Draper. I need this framed and put up in my office.
I WILL survive this week...::screams into a pillow:: I WILL SURVIVE finals week. ::silently cries::
The only thing that's on MY mind, is I'm gon' leave with SOMETHING.
good Sunday everyone
apply that to any known fact and you sound like an imbecile
Teacher friends - what are you doing in August to get ready for the school year? Are you back at work already?
picnik as a web-based product is shutting down Apr 19. i found to be a marvelous replacement!
For some reason im just feel so tired. i really might go to bed early tonight.
Errrryday I'm SHUFFLIN' But this year it'll be under the mistletoe.
i think i love pussy more den sleeping
Oh shit! criss angel has a dvd out showing how to do 32 of his magic tricks, and it EVEN shows u how 2 levitate. Girls get rdy 2 b impressed
Diggerslist.com now featured in SW AIRLINES SPIRIT MAG in every seat pocket. Congrats to our sons. adultwellness
It would be a dream to write for South Park.
sweet, enjoy. I was living in Cleveland in 07-08. Went to every home game of that epic Cavs-Celts 7-game series. Great times
It's already a win in my book that is on twitter. But you need to help her with that avatar. Miss you guys! Oh & go eagles.
Why does everything have to involve me???
5:50am. Standing outside hotel waiting on taxi. Weird music on a loop. Feel like I'm in Myst.
I'm going to check that out
Need someone at #jpmorganchase to call me re a #shortsale right away. Calls to the #shortsale dept aren't returned or are #slydial. HELP
After a long day of travel no sleep and family visits. I'm ready to sit in a hot tub and go to bed.
Adorable picture! She needs some Bulldog gear!
Are you following us? Don't see dm option
can't wait!
Lovin rent so far! Everyone is awesome!! I got chills!
One of my fish just died. I'll be unreachable for several days.
Attending webcast #Drupal and #Linux: Lessons learned building two great open source communities
These streets are crowded with cowards disguised as men. #MMF <3
I am, in every thought of my heart, yours.
Does anyone know how to "Invite All" when composing a event on #Facebook rather than checking everyone individually?
76 at 10pm? Can't get better weather than this
Text "HAITI" to 90999 to donate $10 to American Red Cross relief efforts for Haiti. Money will be added to your cell phone credit card bill.
Wish my bf understand me sometimes...ugh
thanks for the suggestions. I usually spend decent time with every paper i have to review regardless.
Have fun tonight mini-cauldron!
"I don't watch it as often as I like cause I'm always tired" A guy talking about porn
I met your friend in Santa Monica today, she just loves you!
Special K with berries!
Had so much fun today playing 5 year old Ben in a staged reading at Theater Row's Clurman Theater of 's awesome play BRANCHED.
#PRSADetroitDiversity Let the learning begin!
annoyed as fuck..
feel like shit..my stomach hurts,my back hurts,my head hurts....I thing I have the stomach bug :(
Me...Code3....Transitions Art Gallery....Why shouldnt it happen...March 3rd Please be out there To show support
pfft, get yourself a sugar daddy
He had issues in High School too. Shouldn't be a surprise to Arizona staff.
Omw to the nail shop . Finally ima take em off .
This wedding came quick.
Doing the same. RT Going to start with "Paul's Boutique" (the best album ever) and move on from there.
Has the best girlfriend n the world She can make one hell of a cooler!
Bumper stickers at Americans for prosperity conference in Milwaukee: "cut spending now!"; Neumann for gov; Rick Santiorum q @
Tits>ass
"Rapper's Delight"...n u don't stop!
Wow. Haven't heard that one in a long time!
ok Fair enough and we know that article had problems. Watch that space for a make-good! Thanks for the follow.
Today is seriously such a good day, I think everyday should be my Birthday! But, I'd be really old..xD
uh oh. Haha. What's the weapon of choice? And where are you headed?
RT RichVictorLaw: VA 8th Congressional District, you have another option: pragmatist independent
Whoa now. 5ive was the shit, okay. They were no *NSYNC, but they were badass. LOL. Entire 'Invincible' album was BANGIN.
But don't count your chickens before they're hatched because there're still 10 minutes left and everything can change...
I'm glad I don't know who is talking about because I would have a hard time looking at them the same.
Call me sappy, but I love my students.
AG Secretary Vilsack the Cabinet Member not there. If terrorists attack, SNAP program remains in good hands.
Get your FroYo on & prep your stomach for the upcoming Holiday Feast!!
Today I had the privilege of looking at 5 apps in private beta. All were pretty amazing and all launching in June. Its about to get crazy
reading Hemingway again?
we havent talked....how r u?
Virginia has seceded. Heaven help us.
I've got mother's day planned: wine tasting & brunch. Yummy. My mom, a former box-wine drinker, now wine-club sophisticate, will love it.
rather build around 35 year old Pierce.. Or around 26 year old, 2nd in NBA in assist Rondo. Ask any free agent
Laying down watching the client list and drinking some tea. Sounds like an amazing night to me! 💜
With Akini filming for Travis Porters video getting it in .
what's the word on danilo for tonight?
The Afghan Whigs' 1965 tour rolls on!
Thank you so much for the RT! Hope you had a fabulous weekend!!
What did you get me? A new hookah?
Shutter Island is like the best thing ever!
Paul McCartney is in his stately manor home weeping. This guy is terrible.
A teacher at my school is rite on the border btwn maybe she's pregnant&i should say congrats, or maybe she's not&i'd embarrass her #notw ...
Good morning :)
boys,boys,boys. we love them{♥}
hey follow back?:)
A new crew? Nice. & welcome Karlie. (:
Opening my Knology bill - wow - I get to pay for four weeks of service when my internet hasn't worked half that time - gee, any ideas?
hahaha proud of ya too kid. Not gonna smoke till my hungover ass will be begging me to after rusko
Feat. In NEW #MusicVideo Photogenic Girl
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry and narrow-mindedness. ~ Mark Twain
"My" cat's name is Monster. He's my neighbors, but likes to visit in my house and runs to greet me when I drive in.
so lame
Words cant describe how much I hate the Miami Heat
Badgers are pretty bad!! Stop recruiting in state!
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza for donating Open Arms dinner tonight to children & their families at It's GREATLY appreciated.
thanks for following us! we hope you are excited about the line coming out :)
FLYERS FRONT AND BACK, ONLY 65$........PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS TO VIEW MY PORTFOLIO, PEACE
it may stop people from speaking, but it won't prevent them beating you senseless for using it on them.... :)
should be able to get some off UL fan after beatdown! Lol
Could acorns be ready yet, this early? Scrub jay outside my office window is very excited about that big oak tree this week.
Okay, we need six more followers including We can do this. Y'all like Body Count, right?
We applaud your leniency in defining what a museum is,
good luck young grasshopper. Don't ask for keys to the executive wash room on first day.
Yes! RT : Great idea: "Adele's 'Someone Like You' covered by Nickelback!"
I haven't watched since the Reggie days...but pulling for them!
PA high school league has 11 teams largely in part to high school promoters that help us. You could be our guy in Jersey.
we like this #winning RT SKC game Saturday & my 1st Royals game of the season on Sunday Gonna be a good weekend!
I kinda want to get a job(:
Broadway extension, you wear me right out.
Wall space is prime real estate for showcasing artwork including photos. Shoot home & work walls & make some decisions to update or admire?
on our way!
I just got my intelligence insulted first thing in the morning...shutting people down using common sense should be my job...good morning!
Reds have now locked up Votto and Phillips for the long term. #pumped Looks like Jay Bruce may be the one out the door in a few years though
practiced every song we have tonight, gearing up for a 2 day google party show in 2 weeks...
RT : Studies show most office space only used 48% of day.
Agreed! I <3 idea of blogging your term paper; get comments/interact but also adhere to histds 4 research, thesis, org!
Watching dvr of Ellen and wow over 16000 followers in one day...Ellen definitely got pull!
alright I got you
I hear used hearses are cheap.
My Mom and I saw it last week and loved it! Very close to the book if you've read it.
Happiness is always in the air!
How do you avoid drama if your boss is the main cause of it all?? I wish life was like the wwf and I could play stone cold steve austin..
what dinosaur?!?!
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife has the most dramatic nose I've ever seen.
Finished fantastic book: The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zafon. Excellent! Mystery, intrigue, suspense, heartbreak, it has everything!
k. Still trying to work on the other parts first
Time to put the kibosh on this Bemis beard.
"Let It Go" love the beat and the features!
Just finished the last episode of party down... That's sad
we prefer the term "porn Cylon."
Let's go hogs! #WPS !! Can't wait til September !!
RT : on my way to school then we are going to incredible pizza for the whole day! and tomorrow is lazzer tag!!
What are you watching? How about you make me some cupcakes
Let's Go Brewers!
": The most inexpensive, and yet most appreciated, gifts that you could give someone are your honesty and loyalty."
So tired but just came across #RoadHouse on cable. Damn you Swayze!
you spelled fail wrong.
Fashion Week 2012!!! Get your Rush Print Job here now! From Comp Cards to Apparel printing. Get your portfolio out there!!!
No! It's delicious when well-made using good vodka!
you would love chicago then with how much snow we got. Please answer me this, whens the next time you're coming here????
guess what .. no one gives a fuck ctfu
end #LRA violence Join us for #KONY2012 don't like you or Obama toughest vote decision ...who ever mentions kony gets my vote!
Emma Stone looks awful - the HUGE wrap around her neck is overwhelming her face. Gross. Sigh.
Fix is up for being able to edit team names / descriptions.
Trying to keep up with the NBA trade deadline and the NCAA tournament while at work is going about how you would expect it to...
I think this means I'm in for the SF marathon this year. Done.
1 Corinthians 13:4 - Love is always patient; love is always kind; love is never envious or arrogant with pride. Nor is she conceited,
"Tasers and Vodka? Sounds like a party!" house
Love seeing the #Rockies stomp the #giants ESP when Cargo is 3-4 with 4RBI's!!!
we don't sleep!!! im making power moves..
Remember, today is Egg Victory Day where all the eggs who survived the hunt come out of hiding and party like crazy.
Family Day: Enjoy the 80 degrees weather & go play with your kids for a bit. Record the game & watch it later. Go Tebow!
last two posts pertain to Facebook! - sorry for any confusion Twitter follwers
u still my nigga homie always got love for u like brother
Anne Frank house this am. Now in line (thankfully short) for Van Gogh museum.
Just poured a beer. It was really weird.
I love that 's Twitter bio includes, "your former teen-age crush." It's like she knows us!
You do you im gonna do me
Every word a woman writes changes the story of the world, revises the official version ~ Carolyn See
Anyone chase down our Berger Cookie flavor at Mt Washington yesterday?
Is there a more mediocre line of beer in America than Samuel Adams? If they have a 100 brews, 95 of them are a notch above garbage.
I agree! A new ride will be there for a long time. Food and wine is a new experience everytime!
Nice feature for the "Member Focus" on today...
she probably couldn't handle his ego, honestly. That's why he's started dating famous...
NOT - ft. Marley B (Atlanta Zoo Freestyle) video
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
