Working late on a Friday.. Getting ready to release our new logo and other new things soon!
Mine too they are with us even though we cannot see them. Happy Mothers Day to pet Moms
'The Artist' and 'Hugo' Lead the Pack in Oscar Nominations
Anyone but Kesslowski, please. Go Matt!
ahh I have to help at a recital rehearsal... we def need to go sometime though! I need sun ☀
Models for this project and Are you following them?
drawing a blank. Why was Liza crying? Sweet sweet memory. So miss AMC. Watcher from day 1.
i love it
Go !! Good surprise to come home from the gym and your team has a 3 goal lead.
maybe you need to change up your calorie intake or workouts! You may be on a plateau and if you change things,
-We goin to Haze next
That was awkward & out of no where. Okay then.
Excellent choice! Song of the day: "Sultans of Swing" by Dire Straits.
Come over.
Wendy's for dinner...lol..back to work
Geometry should be fun tomorrow.
Thanks for the mention, ! Getting reading to set up my trusty Diamante for some drills!
So, so sick. I need a Full Heal and a night at the Pokemon Center, stat.
1st nite of the music biz class @ New School, NYC. Charli Persip sat in for awhile. Love his comment "I'd jump off a building for her love."
Welcome aboard! We are glad you have joined
Raise yo hand if you gots some chocolates, but not the coconut ones they suck
Gut check time for #knicks. Let's see some effort
My friend has had the device replaced a couple of times, but they seem to last for years at a time; makes me dizzy thinking
If you're the kind of person who says "that ish cray cray", please stop and evaluate your goals in life.
best of luck , Ashley! We will miss you.
Hopefully and left at home...
Hey baby
Slight tummy ache guess I had to much
GM are u being good???
Make way for the 4th wave! RT : My daughter was a kid then.She's 20 & a 2nd yr at Occidental.I'm sure she'd ...
School swaggy.# keep them grades up.
i tweeted 54 tweets in on day ;p
Thanks for the RT
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28. Pgh Vinyl Con RETURNS! Interested in vending? Drop us a line at:
have him contact me asap.
Im hungry as hell .
Wanna know why i follow ? Cuz he is awesome, funny, sweet, follows back, DMs, good advice, and did i say sweet?
I hope gets some CMT Awards nominations...especially since I'll be in town for CMA Fest & can get tix for the show!! ;)
Over 2000 students graduating from tri-c today, good job yall!
Hey poets / poetry scholars / poetry lovers: can you recommend any poems about or involving genetics?
A visit to the large bulk section at Thriftway yesterday has turned my desk into snack city today. Love them yogurt-covered pretzels.
- Southwestern City Schools!! Awesome fenced in backyard!
In college, we used the "5-min rule" for a professor to show for class. How much time for a colleague for work meeting?
- Belated thanks for the #FF last week. As always, much appreciated.
me too!
Coming home all the things I didnt want today...dinner, candy and flowers.
heading to hawaii tomorrow... lunch on the 15? or something the following week 100%!
I think my four most recent followers are spambots, but hey I made a promise and so I have no choice but to follow them back
Amen, brother.
what it do Nephew?
Thanks for the #FF! Just started following and all because of you!
I love ! Great stuff!
Even if some how I made a step backward, I would still be stepping on you little cockroaches.
Practice makes perfect. Reach for the stars. Or the moon. Saturn is really pretty too!! - Ross Lynch
damn bro I'm pissed
ate a bag of 'classic B.L.T." chips now I can't get the taste of lettuce out of my mouth...
Why is the comment period shorter for the NwHIN RFI? Takes a while to analyze and break down for patients/advocates...
mornin....um on yo trail,follow me back....thanx!!!!!
Thanks for the blog post on your literary and TV interests.
At the Alpha Phi Omega - Theta Upsilon chapter 20th anniversary dinner/formal.
Excellent! Thanks! for the DM with the name of the app, i'm buying it now, there was a price drop on it recently too. :)
hell no
You simply paint Cubans with too broad a brush. A defender of LGBT rights should know better.
RT : Morning! Fans can attend practices 4 free during Mini Camps later this Spring, & Training Camp in Jul Thnx!
your PAC-12 Champs the Oregon Ducks. What a great season Ducks now let's get it done at the Rose Bowl.
has mixed feelings about 's hair...
Just got off the phone w/ with He's such an an awesome dude & a fellow alumni as well!
If she only knew....but i guess she doesnt!
Both great choices! I'd also recommend the Red Snapper Tacos, very popular and quite yummy. Enjoy! cc:
I Know bro lol
can't wait for #DeezyThursday :D
C. Really like 17 gm season with 1 neutral site (uk, japan, la until they get team, mexico city) and 2 pre. Everyone wins!
Don't we all!
justin bieber recording in miami tonight on my way to stalk him !!!
Thanks sydney c: <3
RT : Can I mix in with your affairs?
There actually isn't any connection, it's somewhat controversial, really.
I know the answer to the question in your eyes.
Hahahah! It would be like you beat me to the punch if I actually had the presence of mind to connect those dots.
I'll let you just sit in from of my car!
Writer's block
sounds about right haha
I drove past your studio this weekend on the way to Mercedes.
Belief dependent realism.
I've been known to bottom out
you're a fool. his trajectory would be downward if he made contact with his feet on ice. not to mention he does it constantly.
What'd you order and how was your food?
Follow me it's Cynthia!
These kids I work with are a great reminder of why all my friends are older than me...so much drama!! I'm too old for this...lol
So bored with FB...or is it that I'm annoyed with all the changes.
I wanna go home already.
We'll have the Broadway Armory full of vendors and shoppers if you're interested in swinging by for lunch on Saturday.
The pineapple is my fave. When I bite into one of those real chunks of fruit--heaven!
playing a little on Full Tilt. Just one small cash table, and one small sitngo. in 2nd out of 9 with 5 left.
just dance forever
Just wrapped up a g-rated sales call, but somehow managed to eek in the words “package”, “thrust” and “in your box.”
#welcometoDetroit Finally, my city is acknowledged.
Tyler broke the miiiiic!
Tech Support is updating layout on site-may get an error for about 15 mins or a scrambled mess. Hang tight Tweeps! You'll like new flow...
y'all owned!!!
My chick bad looking like a bag of money.
don't know how much longer I can watch this...doesn't anyone agree with me in saying Dubront should not have been taken out??
Only if you sing "Call Me, Maybe"
i'm one of those guys who wants that
Bored as hell
miss it gurl soon as u left it went down gurl
The only thing I really like about NY1 news is the Sports from 11:30pm to 1am and maybe the Traffic and Weather in the Morning.
Waiting to board flight...some woman is doing tai chi and some guy is brushing his teeth in line...people are funny
I never expected to find a life that could mean more to me than one lived out of a suitcase. And I couldn't be more grateful now that I have
All into this law n order episode like I never seen it before o_O
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
are u going to opals thing tomorrow
I'll always care, but if you decide to push me away.. I'll go.
don't follow your fashion sense. should you be wearing high waters???
I totally agree man. Just wished that I didnt get stopped by them.
my mom got quite worried about my sister at that age because she only read Holocaust fiction. SO MUCH EXISTS
ahh nothing much just out doing some shopping wbu?? :)
RT #Girls hold on too long....#guys let go too easily
. has gotten flack for its (lack of) safety initiatives but nostalgia-inducing ad makes me want to believe it is "evolving"
My first 4square loyalty special at bring on the free lagunitas and $2 tacos... ime encanta!
That sounds so good right about now!! RT : they have their own Starbucks in the ESPN cafe
RT : Listen tomorrow 6:40am when Ben & Mark talk to mourn4's Rob Sax about his ode to Favre "For the Love of the Game" hilarious!!
thunderbolt with Noah(:
uhh... trying to figure out this twitter thing while mixing music... maybe I should stop one... or the other.
Atlanta Film Festival tonight for V/H/S. Out of Hand's Joe Sykes stars in the Dave Bruckner part of the sundance favorite. Sweet!
One-third of voters are not watching live TV - spans all parties and ages.
I'm watching and a zoo put a gorilla and a bunny in a cage together and they're friends. That is all the news I need.
DJ at the Hawk With J West. Come by
since been since been. I ain't gone expose the obvious but u know what I'm gettin at. Smh
Seriously, I'm a jazz musician and scatting is lame. The only people I know who scat are high school kids who like glee.
Welcome to #BBN Derek Willis!
GrooveShark is playing Pampers commercials while listening to Last Caress. Hm
You cant buy happiness ...!!
True. RT : Theres a special place in hell for people that dont text back.
The B&B I stayed at this weekend had a handout on their history. Interesting idea.
I don't want to see Georgetown vs Villanova, CBS. Bring on the #Mizzou Tigers!
I need to go get a massage. Asap!!
": Just Noticed You Not Following Me 0_o" <<< I'm following now
I would be remiss if I didn&#39;t wish you all a Happy St. Patrick&#39;s Day!
Day 19 of my 19 day work week. glory glory hallelujah! only 8 more hours to go! then a ...... WEEEEEKEEEENDDDD!
whose ass do I need to kick! No better be pickin on syd and max!
First break $5k from $2k starting stack...so far so good.
Only team that deserves to be in the Superbowl! 49ers!
tweeting you from Navy Pier right now:) <3 I love you!!
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure can rent a lot of it
awe nice have fun. i going to get groceries now
thanks for coming in tonight!
Happiest folks in arena.... The walk on's who are lacing up the boots as they say in the Wrestling world!!
Many thanks Laura for following us back, look forward to interacting with you.
This, forever, times infinity RT ATTN #YANKEES GO HOME YOU DICKBEATERS
So everyone from school gets to be spammmed with my owl city questions. Oops.
yea ok
yep. Prolly can't use it till next weekend. But at least it'll be done. :)
I figured you'd be the only one following my tweets lol. Thanks man. And my g/f is saying the same thing. She had to go back today
Never be afraid to put a price on something. If you pour your heart into something and make it great, sell it. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
Today was a perfect day in the Bay area. Dang...we need more days like today!!
#FollowFriday Awesome folks! (via )
be safe!
Bring me a cute 👙 lol RT : Enjoying am last few hours n
gonna be doing shit like burberry store openings in taiwan and blowin K off the empty space where girls eyelid cuts are supposed to be soon
Plus..like tidy notions of love, our culture also sells the notion that introversion is pathological.
#jazz Playing tonight 8:30 at Caffe Vivaldi on Jones St. off 7th ave west Village
You never played infield lol RT : baseball should ban turf.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X44
It was nice to meet you at the #4sqday ice cream social!
Kaitapatha, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Going to benefit markets where casinos close to teams. ie: NY+ NE will benefit, but will Redskins, etc? #NFL Casino partnerships Q4:#sbchat"
u deserve it!!!!
Lovely chat w She's the sweetest woman. Smart, cute, cares bout animals, runs ... Awesome!
"Draw a rainbow." "Awe did you draw Bieber?!"
hello #tweetdeck! :D loving the new look.
Hey twitter :)
It don't matter to me if its dark or not ;)
finally found a great agent to work with!!!
#HIMSS10 was a great success! Thx goes out to all our great partners. and Ledcor Construction.
Skip only plays with himself. RT : I'm curious have u played in the nfl
RT : There is a historical lack of access to reproductive care for Black women & it continues. We must improve.
Hey Iowa! Vahalla's very own is speaking & judging the 54th Annual ADAI Professional Design Exhibition in Des Moines.Join him!
happy Cinco De Mayo & happy birthday Ashley :)
Love HU football? Make a donation to the team TODAY! www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
Information about Dangers of Bextra: Find a Lawyer, Attorney
Play indoor tennis! :)
"Hi! I asked you to order a book for me." "umm, no, I don't remember the title or the author, did you buy it for me?"
I truly believe - the Law of Gus!!!!!!!
You too cya in the morning :)
y'all just pray for me in these mean Houston streets...
okay alright will do next time!
I swear afghan people always try to find something to talk about ..
the website still isnt working. Some get on but only get as far to pick the city they want then it crashes
we are the better team. Believe.
sushi with Karebare. fun!
Movie date?! Can u believe you're there already? Where'd THAT time go?
Those who like me, raise your hands!! n those who don't like me, RAISE YOUR STANDARDS!!
still no word about poker players funds...heard rumors that FTP is busto?
I'm not even mad bro
I'm not quite sure how the reader got the book, since it's still being revised. Maybe a Hollywood person? Hey anyway! Neat milestone.
#replacesongnameswithchicken Put Chicken Up, Where Chicken Belongs, Strange Chicken, Chicken To Atlanta...
Seriously, I could smell the coffee grounds when the bag was sliced open.
please follow for me <3 only if you have a heart
Thank you! Im glad you took the time to listen
Always a pleasure! Enjoy dosage one of your weekend :-))
RT : Great time exploring seaport #history of #NYC last nite , along w tasting dif local #beers. Beautiful space, too.
"My Diiickk" Sam who? RT : have you talked to Sam?
OMG. Read the Pulitzer Prize winning feature story. Bravest Woman in Seattle/ Eli Sanders. WOW. Story had to be told. So well done.
It gets so late so fast/:
Do you love Twitter? Love this 40% off in LUCI, bring a friend, just seeing if this works!
toaster waffles. :)
"what did he just say?!?" "idk but I think he just pulled out a beer and a feathered hat while saying it"
for a minute i thought this said "hatcher library got bombed." i was alarmed.
I still haven't told my mom I lost my ipod at school, ha it's been 7 months d:
Daniels would have been a disaster.
What an awesome event that was.. long live the SweatStock
I've always said Jack is the most sensible of all my cleveland fans.
Yes I agree lots of gr8 recipes RT : Pinterest is a great source of meal inspiration!
ABC5 WOI-DT News, Weather, Sports in Des Moines, IAMan to plead guilty in Marshalltown fires
#acbowrimo goal not fully met, but did make good progress in between homemade cheese bread, mint tea, and phone calls from great friends.
Girl on the plane is wearing full on legit moon boots. She's either really hip or a total looney.
gay rat 3 way
If you're a baseball fan, and have Netflix, and haven't watched the Ken Burns baseball doc...I hate you.
Just got shot in the eye with a nerf gun..
This is so super random, but I'm trying to remember my login for MySpace....
Finally. Someone who believes in my love for Hazza...
we'll all meet them someday, lol they save the best for last c:
Seriously tired tonight... bed sounds good... but first, a Miller Chill :)
just told me that in preschool she got me in the sandbox and kissed me.
My momma and sister need to stop playing and take me home
awesome! let me know when it's done and I'll tweet the link :)
So I just heard the words "my Weeden jersey" for the first time and im not feeling the best about it.
I promise i'll get some soon! Just to make you happy.
you the best!
Yes, and I am stronger for it.
Torts is my hero for doing what he just did to Pierre McGuire. So funny.
There's only one thing you've got to do for me.. Just promise not to stop when I say so.
she's decent. I actually considered her in the case Colossus was taken - nice range and an AoE power. (This is down to a science.)
where do enjoy dining in Denver when visiting?
I'm just letting y'all know tho!
Great day working on time for guitars and vocals! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
has outstanding ratings week after week, and for cbs to pull this stunt now, is totally stupid. cbs, you need to rethink your actions, or
Who am I to call myself a leader? Does this have anything to do with traditional masculine and feminine roles? #erl12 #questions&comments
Fishing the jamboree on lake Beulah in the morning.
Please help someone in need, it could be a smile, advice, or food:)
...well I guess it was kind of cold when you were here. Maybe you have a sinus problem?
RT : Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of...
My dad bought my second cousin who is 7 months old a steven hawkings book ...
Just finished season 1 of
I think last night was one of those conversations that will save this relationship.
key words for 2012 - recyclopath, personalization, and give-a-nomics...what do these mean to you?
i have so many problems but so do you so its okay <3
Verizon touch is the worst phone out there right now
thanks so much from our whole office. You made our friday.
Rebecca Black songs
Are there counterfeit dimes? Is that a real thing? If so, I think I have one.
Probably a bad call by the refs there, but I'm not complaining.
To reach a port, we must sail—Sail, not tie at anchor—Sail, not drift. Franklin Roosevelt -
"The best way to overcome undesirable or negative thoughts and feelings is to cultivate the positive ones." ~ William Walker Atkinson
"Nothing worth having comes easy."
yeah, but you can rock stinky and hairy JM, darl x
Tell "The Colonel" says hi and he really needs to meet me if he thinks you are #allthat! LOL
I do have a couple of wonderful co-presenters for two of them. Should be OK. Need to finalize lightning talk slides.
Friend was driving. Got in accident. Were okay.
Most of the things we do during the day are designed to keep us from hearing the thoughts in our own heads--or even having them.
I'm so excited for this weekend but more excited to start training with you looveee youu bifff
Waiting 4 the bus
im gonna hit you w/ some specifics about some shoots i want to do with you. Def by Mon.
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. ~Jim Davis
so about this yoga thing? my hammies are crying already
g00d morning RT Boobs are to men what laser pointers are to cats. >> true that!! thx
Half Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm! Also get ready for Ladies Night tomorrow from 6pm-close ladies drinks for 1/2 price!
YEA YOU'RE RIGHT GREYSON'S GRASS IS BETTER
I'd have been fine with Greinke bunting there, but not Hart.
Homework flow waiting for my Queen to text me back >>>>>>>>>>> there it is 😍!!
Phone call, work, work, work, meeting, twitter, bed
lol ya i want to. but wen? i cant go until after the nutcracker.
Need to get the hell back and make some money. this trip is costing me
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen your Facebook name is "Jessica IWIllPutYoAzzOnChildSupportQUICK Williams"
niggah wht are you looking at?
wonder if they'll lose ratings next year. it's already sometime-sy this season as far as quality writing for episodes this yr
thanks for being our first follow on our new twitter. Hope we catch you out at a show sometime!
Had a great day with the girl at King's Island... BEST weekend ever and BEST girlfriend ever!!
RT : me acabo de acordar de la MEJOR del viaje "with the slut on your shoulders... I mean the fox fur"-- LMAO!!
Thanks for the
Fantastic that'll do pig, that'll do. (for now)
LOL at all the target commercials with that little blonde funny looking lady :'D
Decisions, decisions...Seriously though, THANK YOU for the shout out today. Love that people think it's cool!
Customer panel - has 750 users live on Xactly Incent
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
I'm watching the fight right, and you pop out behind mayweather ! :D # amazing moment ;D
Thank You Danny. Yes, it's a wonderful story!
get a pic of you on that cacti
Fave part of riding bike 2 work in support of green initiative? Solo riding partner is his publicist. Spandex and press releases!
Thank u ;)
Well that all depends... What kind of tips?
I can't stand people that complain ALL THE TIME!!
Going to take my written test
In the game of life you either win by having a loving family and good friends or by tabletopping Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Getting ready to order photographic archival supplies and feeling entirely out of my league.
#MirrorMirror was great. I expected it to be slightly different, but was pleasantly surprised. :)
I always tell the religion hawkers at the door that I'm a Conversationalist. They're never sure if I'm serious or just stupid <g>
m just testing it out! Have no fear - I won't pin all the time :)
Yeah it was really good. Certainly didn't mind not having a TV.
Congratulations, people!
Best sentence spoken at restaurant night: "it's all collocation" said in response to an insight about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
#bluebloods Best line: "I don't have anything on you yet, but YOU are my best new hobby."
it's a bad omen to leave the state Capitol.
That's what happens when people flap their gums about beating the 8th seed in game one of the playoffs.
They played call me maybe, they better play the what makes you beautiful annd boyfriend.
Smart thinking: "The minute I start to overthink something, I know I shouldn't do it."
How about a strikeout!!!
definitely..... Send me an email at
so sad about the football player " Jr" who died by his own hands... makes you wonder about all those hits to the head football players take
Miracle on the Hudson plane is parked at the Pax Exit of I-77 South right now!
blah, not true. My coffee is not the same w/o milk. I'd make a horrible vegan.
: what's the secret to your $40 million? How much do you make per speaking engagement?
goin dora,where diego
Crestline is part of the Ainslie Group. What is a lunch and learn?
#Manhood Tour give me a shout
I have some serious anger problems. Forreal tho.
RT Hipster mosquitos carry the South-By-Southwest-Nile Virus.
I'm jk damn women learn to take a joke lol.
BEST SHOW EVER
Thanks for liking my page Oz! :-)
yes yes yes! You must work in my office :|
I like your logic!
people are straightup confused!
Haha noo i still have my blackberry but i don't bother using bbm anymore b/c iam getting the i phone soon loll.
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada.
Hahahaha I hate bugs.):
I like quirky characters and humor in writing.
no school for me friday or monday hahahahahh
It's like this.. there's more to these bills than just B/C.
we're about to #godumb fellas
always the best idea! nothing to do? get a beer/herbal tea or whatever...and go to sleep! :)
Prediction: in next 5 years 50% of articles will be published OA. Look for forthcoming article in ACRL journal.
This just-coffee cleanse I'm doing has serious drawbacks
finally! got test data into Google Refine and can see Freebase & RDF extensions. Now to learn how to do linkeddata with it,
wow that's beautiful... I may need to drive down to NYC to check it out!
Good tools for improving email blasts: A/B testing significance calculator and email subject line tester
they had me until their flash website... however, mini pies is quite enticing so I'll probably cave
Salted, sugared, stuffed, or small: Wheres your fave DC spot to get pretzel inspired eats?
problem is that I hit reply. any platforms to recommend that permit correct syntax? not DM after all...
how international!
If you haven't done so already, check out our latest video on #YouTube of us exhibiting at #CES last week.
Kinda feel like playin monopoly
if you need a car tomorrow, I'm off & happy to lend you mine.
RT : Old as dirt but still keeping up with the times! Happy Birthday to Wishing you another 140...
They talking about you on the half time report right now. :)
Hanna Montana
then we are fellow alumni
My cousin Bob Bell is working in Kenya studying telecom infrastructure and new submarine fiber optics in East Africa. www.seacom.mu
thats a good goal, even a bit more imho, altho when you tweet over 20-30x a day u can risk loosing followers
Great idea! RT : I'm riding my bike down to the arts festival and tonight! Care to join me?
MY HARD CIDER NEEDS AN OPENER AND I PACKED MINE. O_o
not much Justin. Is that how I should refer to you now?
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!!!!
no thank god, plus I took a vitamin C
Oh, Joel Ward. How quickly one can go from hero to goat.
Yesterday, first yoga class since moving back to CA - definitely feeling it today!
lol wait that is hilarious
follow me back please? my old account got hacked so u should follow my new one instead ;)
Last Sunday w/out the NFL until February 12
Honestly Bryzgalov... You're ruining my life.
Taking it one day at a time
Home from a 5 hour drive to VA and back... having a drink & watching the Preda/Coyotes OT
The New York Times has reported that children's author Maurice Sendak has passed away at age 83.
very nice. I'm anxious. You home yet?
dope session tonite. alot has been completed.
I've never been...hope to make it out there soonish. So lovely.
I'm really bored
Wow. Jk y'all.
hey sry I got grounded but not any more
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in #SCAA people's choice
- Should listen to that, too. Love listening to :)
Love your new name! lol Happy holidays
Clear now chance of showers we'll have to wait to see. sleep tight! Blessings!
My nigga need some followers come #TeamFollowBack follow for a follow he returns the favor
Finally finished the fifth Jessica Darling book. I am conflicted.
hey when are you available to talk? Sorry I missed you the other week
I fell asleep babe.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -Les Brown
Happy Valentine's Day! Make sure to save a little room for vino! From your friends
A rare newsworthy moment: Chonger's dead. Peace to the people of N. Korea.
I will never forget my 5 brothers
I told & she said *say no cuz i like MJ*
RT : US: Weekly jobless claims @ new 4-yr low. Good sign, although complexities around world keeping things on the edge.
The man she beat had 10X more money than she did an lost but they moved her into a more democrat area so its going to be hard
New #thekills album is legit
The early practice was awesome... We work on Maniac and Before we find our dreams.. Hope u guys like the new version...
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
Congrats on the win!! My Ravens play next week.. lol
hope you all had a merry xmas!
Chicago I love my radio..stay got me rockn bak n fort
Tonight's meeting moved to Frontier since Winning closes early this week. See you there!
so did you see Johnny Depp performing with Marilyn Manson last night??
Ya and the only a word u should call a guy is awesome
no I was at church for ash Wednesday
I fucking hate being sick >.<
We <3 nerds.
it was amazing! I hope to blog about it tonight & share some pictures. I love being a wife!
The gallery for now. Checkin the scene. Saturday days seem slow. Whats happening?
I'm doing p90x its intense!!!
Jesus what a day, I'm done!
i literally had a panic attack at the last wilco show i went to.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I just want to tell u that ur the most beautiful woman in the world n I want to meet u someday I thought u can do me a favor
in the pit in heaven!
Jessica Sanchez's fans are rude & stuck up. hmm.
I'm basically adding a ton of shit onto this Titanic lesson tomorrow (that I'm getting observed) and I'm confusing myself.
Just called Melt...an hour and a half wait. Is it that good? We should just order pizza instead.
The deadline for early applications and scholarship applications is December 7th! Mark it on your calendar now so you don't forget!
When do you know know that summer is over?
Yep, both start with an RE. Definitely one to check out. My favorite of the fest.
#np Work Hard Play Hard - to sick
Prevention is always better than cure
lets fight about this in DM's lol :)
get well soon
Damn, the #Sens are pouring it on. Congrats to Lundqvist for not peeing his pants.
Happy than a MF! Got my whip today with help of my Love ones... A double shot of Henney 4 that!
Productive day at work, great report cards, lots of great Zombie talk, an almost 70 degree day, and FAMILY TIME with SUSHI. Life is good!!
Before yolo did you think you lived twice ?
A case of jam for me? You shouldn't have.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea. Honore de Balzac
Love reading from everyone here & on FB who voted against Amendment 1. So many, which is awesome. Hope everyone else stayed home.
We also have a crew at lower Manhattan location this weekend doing multiple 3D face/head scans for a TV pilot. What r u doing?
in your mouth
Doc&#39;s Legacy at EG&amp;G: Global Environmental &amp; Oceanographic ...
thinking.... i should goto bed...
haha we are people of our word ;)
Ah I love jalapeños.... There my favorite!
Just ran into an old friend and fellow performer Nicci Claspell! It's a small world after all ;)
YET: US #employers post 3.74 #MILLION #JOBS, the most in FOUR YEARS! Bullyah! #Obama #RT Kyt :j Ps I'm a bull!
Transverse hires Former NetSuite VP of Worldwide Biz Dev As Chief Revenue Officer
Classes are almost out! Ready for warmer weather and vacations galore!? Gladiator sandals are an absolute must have.
DEFINITELY!! RT : My weekly dose of motivation: #sharktank makes me want to do something extraordinary.
My dog is afraid of burglars. I had to put a dog alarm in his dog house.
This is how me&Lauren txt. L:NO WAY m:yes. L:WHY? m:Idk? L:OH. M:ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?????? L:No my caps was on.
I'm home alone, drinking away my sorrows on Christmas.
Honestly, i dont even know why i fell so hard for him. We didn't even last that long ugh i hate that i love him.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning.
congratulations on your second trip to Canada.
I freakin LOVE Her music touches my soul!!!
We believed that anything that was worth doing was worth overdoing.
This would be even more comical if you ever saw me actually play basketball.
*S* Hon just remember for the exam any real life examples of what is being asked....you will be ok on the exam as a result !!!
: is he gonna strangle her or is he gonna whip her Me: Why would he whip her Dearalexandraa: hahahaha idk
just fucking leave me alone asshole.
Did you hear about the man who had an accident with the reupholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Been so busy I forgot about my twitter page. Website upgrades are complete for now. Thinking about hitting the course Thursday.
well I think.
come va? how are you in italian
reading NYC news of madam in jail, was struck by irony of her locked up at Rikers vs Zimmerman free after shooting a teen execution style.
June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!
aw! Thanks, buddy!
You see, conservatives only care about us vets as long as we're cannon fodder for their wars, or political props for them.
Got home from school...hanging with skylar......I feel loved by a guy named shane<33333333
Did the Lakers peak to early?
I know its CRAZY!!!
well happy bday to u beautiful & ill send luv 2morrow also
Don't worry, we'll be going at least 5 more times... Come on down
tasty ! damn im hungry now
I love thunder and lightening.
Locust point. We are here !!!!!!
there has got to be a way for me to move to London and make money. Any ideas??
A little Bird told us Encore Shoe Department will be opening next week by Sears... What's your favorite style of shoe??
early bird I see. Just woke up. It'd be half an hour before I could be ready to go
Great sax player to follow->
#RejectedPickupLines Do Your Feet hurt Cuz U Been Runnin Through My Mind all day Long
Grab your rain boots, its my favorite holiday! Happy Step in a Puddle and Splash Your Friends Day!
Heads still exploding at
Been in the house all day bout to take a ride
Happy birthday!
how many ladies ever tried.. "the faucet"....i'll be back in a few minutes to describe it ; )
After physical injuries & heartaches this year, today we are at DISNEYLAND! Happiest place on earth--pour it on me! Temps today: 73 hi
Just arrived at ladies bday dinner :+) time for some sushi!
Thor in the avengers gave me a nerd boner.
With you on that.
I love this quote "rain today, I have the hair of a newborn baby duck!" lol thanks for making my morning funny ;)
Hows your day going? beautiful day here in Miami :-)
You wanna delete my tweet Twitter?! I'll fucking kill you!
“: Gabe from good luck Charlie is cute. #cougar” i thought i was the only one who thought that omfg
another round
Would love to grab coffee soon! :) Better question - does Pepper have a real name yet?
Going to St. Elmos?
I'd like to be the ideal church planter, but I'm too busy planting a church.
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time snatches a spot on Vita
Shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
Everyone come wear what's on your mind www.insanityshirts.com
Just saw someone tweet that they only feel bad for homeless people if they have a dog. Fuck you, you dumb ass.
Solid, great danceable Salsa music is the foundation of Salsa dancing.
DUDE I KNOW! I WAS SO UPSET WHEN I SAW YOU WERENT FOLLOWING ME! But YAYAYAY now :) #youareawesome !!
Lorem ipsum generators need to cool it with the "molestie"
Ha! RT : Toast, cheddar and ketchup “ I want a California-style pizza... *sigh* Is there a gourmet pizza restaurant in JA?”
Early mornings late nights.
Fire at Crown Plaza apts in Clark cty badly injures a man. Waiting to hear his condition, and find out who he is.
you're nowhere near me, so that does me zero good. :-/
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year - and yet, when it speaks, it's voice is has STRONG authority... wjc
It's only halftime and my voice is already raspy
I want to run a full marathon before I die!
what's up in Charm Cit-ayyyy!
Need to tell this to Obummer especially RT : Just because you *can* do something doesn't mean you should.
Real dude since day one cause I aint promised day two
I follow do you? How could you not, he's been giving away smiles since 1999. Awesome.
will follow if he loves his fans. :)
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
good look bruh
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco video Photographer Napa Sonoma siliconvalley silicon valley wedding
#LIS768 Great video choice with The Onion, it seriously summed up the digital divide quite nicely!
Today in 1995, Jerry Garcia dies at age 53 of a heart attack after having checked into a drug-rehab facility in Forest Knolls, California.
Your welcome(:
this is not a surprise. it has been the case for a while.
Don't let parking hold you back! It's free (for an hour, with validation) in the Public Market lot just across the street!
I hate when players try to draw fouls at the end of qtrs. They rarely work
Yeah, you're telling me. Avs (likely) and Habs out. Now what?
Stop talking about me like I'm not on Twitter!!! Lol! I'll be there later, as soon as the party's over! ;)
Work out sesh
What a cute look! Layering a sweater over a dress is a great idea!
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while...
..., but this cab is my meal-ticket so I have to obey the rules.
Is TEQUILA helping you stay warm this Winter? It's sure helping us! TEQUILA THURSDAY! $2 Margaritas all night long!
Poplocking all up and through my timeline because I don't work tomorrow, bust it!!! LOL 🙆🙅💁
What a big sports night. #NFL Draft round 1 and 2 game 7s in the #NHL Playoffs.
you should come to our zoo--we have pandas!!
The family that grazes together, stay together. That's right! Family night starts @ 5pm tonight, see you there!
yeah you right I always smell a lack of hygiene...or weed
Picky People >>> They Know Exactly What They Want .
nice post on HOB yesterday...good info... hope it happens
13 goals given up in 2 games. I can definitely see the logic for leaving him in there.
Either way, they make the walk to campus much easier.
U and me both punk ass bitch ass need a haircut ass“: I hope we win. I'm fucking Grangers mentions up”
Iconic boys
English, but only if you get them little riding boots. No hats. Koalas hate hats.
Thank you for all the love over the weekend!
im not gonna a happy camper in the morning.
can't go wrong with it.
subtle yet assertive
It's Good Friday! Do you have today off from work?
The biggest compliment you can give your clients is a referral.
And he shut down 14th Street for fifteen blocks during rush hour in the process...
Last chance to put in your answer for most exotic place EOTO played DEADLINE 5:00pm 3/15 (thats today) Answer on our Facebook Page...
ITS FRIDAY!! FUN WEEK WE HAD SERVICING ALL OUR CLIENTS!!
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
this week better go by fast...
Do it!
when are YOU COMING TO FLORIDA?!?! :D
Its an amazing place that's for sure.
I will definitely do that!
Someone needs to write a rich text editor that's the right balance between having good formatting options but not allowing TOO much.
we do! I wanna go to a party lol
Hi Joe! It was fantastic meeting you at the #Thriveal GROK. Glad we can connect on here. Big Monday plans?
No Kid should go to bed Hungry! We are here to help any Jewish family with food and bills - It is “Matan B’seiser – Bderech Kuvod”
Is this Flo Rida dude really on TV wearing a leather vest & no shirt? Um...no. Who thought that was a good look?
I am bored out of my mind :/
did #adderall plan on having a national #shortage right before finals week?
hahah tell me one!@
For all that's good in America: Go Giants.
Thanx for the follow. WE'll look into some of your apps. #SocialMedia #SocialCommerce WE Liked your FB page.
you play us in what?
Can't stop thinking which is causing me to stay awake...
im rolling in an '81 m-b 240d hybrid ... diesel/waste vegetable oil and, yes, i have to pay fuel tax on both
yes! I tried it yesterday, loved it!
You're just influential about everything important, but we knew that already :)
i miss you all too, but not st patricks day in BG, lol
SO TRUE!
Dear Cell Phone, Please invent a "take back my text" option.
I just inadvertently made the spiciest tacos EVER. thanks, trader joe's!
will be announcing an exciting partnership with #TED later today
non much, being black.keeping it real in these streets. wassup wit u?
Thanks to Chris Payne & MOBfest founder Roger Jansen for plugging us on Friday 06/24 @ The Hard Rock Hotel
Lolol i never understood him! Haha mr dionglay was cool too!
RT : is live-Tweeting updates on #VA Tech shooting right now.
Dear radio cab cabbie...just lost respect for you and love for the company. Way to be rude and ignorant about YOUR driving mistake.
Amid DSK, cops and prosecutors on rape, HR1 Pakistan debrief Steve Inskeep,producer Asma Khalid Islmabad Correspondent Julie McCarthy HR2
Blake Griffin is by far the greatest Orange player in the NBA. His nickname should be Vitamin C
WANNA HEAR WUT HAS 2 SAY ABOUT THE NBA FINALS? GO 2
Definitely! We're at booth 809 if you can catch us.
I advise you: when you have the opportunity to have someone so important and loved in your life, don't ever do them wrong
Hoping that 's boss pays him well & provides him with time off & great benefits b/c he is the hardest working guy in SD tonight
Only 14% of exhibitors have purchased an eco-friendly booth according to Exhibitor Online study.
Thanks for your tweets & for joining the conversation yesterday!
I love hearing songs that use to sing to me when we started dating!Just to show off LOL
Breaking Sports: #19 I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby horse race
The weekend is here!
I'm on campus...It's pouring ☔☔☔☔☔☔☔ and I don't have an umbrella 😁
Austin doesn't like girls who cuss right? Well uhm,not being mean.. But why does he like Alexis? She is BAD NEWS.
Your list can create returns greater than real-estate, stocks, etc. Learn to feed your following.
I unknowingly put on a green shirt today. St Patrick's Day
Nothing that happens on #LeapDay counts. Thanks for making a meaningless 'holiday' exciting, ! I'll be wearing blue & yellow Wed!
Final Testing for the #Vegas microsite offerings tomorrow | We'll announce the launch early Friday all being well | The Players Choice!
Come see me at break (back of front section-white/yellow dress) and I can share user name and password!
Brandy hasn't visited the same place twice but she may make an exception for 's new location. Three words: Punk Rock Brunch.
“: Will be testing Ankle tomorrow and I gotta gotta play this game. So pumped” - make is happen! All in!
Follow me @ Mygiee on Instagram , i follow back ! ツ
May I call 'em 'displaced immigrants'? :)
Common at louis at Fontainebleu tonight
Has anyone noticed when Boehner fakes his outrage he looks like he can't hold back laughter?
Find it funny when people post links to my page and don't even bother to listen n support me.. I will not show you loov unless you shw it bk
Having a case of the Monday's....but gonna let this music work it out!
i will hate to be a neighbor with spongebob
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press. ~ Roger Kahn
Congrats to all the graduate assistants finishing up their degrees! Best of luck
Happy Mother's Day !
#NAD2011 - we're in Bradenton at Manatee Village Historical Park talking hist cemetery mgmt and proper maintenance - have the GPR for demo
Swear he do some to me !
What are your favorite #staycation restful and relaxing activities?
Certain things are a must on the #weekend. Relaxing, spending time with family and friends, & a trip to #Starbuck ...why not?
Nepolean Dynamite cartoon?! Really?
RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there! thx brotha!
How did I somehow end up with the most beautiful girl I've ever met?
Some would say that's why the coach needs to not have the 45% FT-shooting oaf in the game.
Thx for infos! I will try to exercise patience while also checking out some other artists.
neva that G!
Owen Daniels down
Hope the Colt's make a comeback tonight!!!
I am sitting between 2 NASA astronauts at the Engineers' Society of Western Pennsylvania Awards dinner!
OHMYGOSH!!!)': I'm so srry Austin!! </3 well, she is in a better place now... We will ALL miss her! #PrayersWillBeSentToYou<3
me too, all good now but it's over! :(
Wait for it...
Looking to improve to 2-0 after getting dunked on in locker room.. Ironically, first-ever Fri. dunk came Week 1 vs. Pittsburgh...#goodsign?
U have No Rights To Shut me up!!! & U don't even know what happened for you to shut me up!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
what's wrong with you cousin??
"I was scared when u said my art will be based on my own ideas, but i started to listen to myself and I had ideas!" Kayla gr 7
Sergio’s Landscaping is a trusted provider of lawn maintenance services in Phoenix, including dethatching.
DM me a link to your resume. I'll see what I can find out
Thanks for the RT RT "The Glass Circle" feature by is casting today in #Vegas. 11am-8pm @ Hollywood Bound
Borrowing my mother's car to drive to Nashville. Opened the trunk & found 25 lbs of lead shot. Huh?
If you've never heard Tom Augst talk about the reformed drunkard & temperance lecturer John Gough, you should come to Paper Trails
Thanks for the recommendation! :) RT : flash cab
No, it's the brewery in Boston.
Wallace please keep rebounding keep caring. This is it.
As we lay huddled together under the tent, which leaked considerably about the sides, with our baggage at our feet.
Multiplexer Emergency Arts newest gallery to appear February 2nd, come down to see the new space!
Uhh oh. Dry here. Better hurry on my cigar. Glad for heads up!
Thanks, Wesley! I do miss my friends there, I should have added. You won't believe the stories I have to tell. Beers, yes.
my grandma and this lady are talking about good fathers that can't have their kids bc of what the judge says. lol.
#When guys wear PINK<3 hot ;)
Time to do this paper thing. Two hours of solid work means I get to watch the Knicks. Challenge accepted.
Darin Erstad on the Big10 considering moving baseball to summer "I couldn't be any more against that idea..."
Go Vote
Women & Creativity Workshop: Coptic Stitch Binding with a Window National Hispanic Cultural Center 1701 Fourth St SW Dates:3-9 8am-12pm
We are at Sunset and ARVILLE today. Across from Color Graphics!
I don't I look angry lol.
Gut rot
": #DisneyFact “Nants ingonyama bagithi baba” at the start of Lion King//Wait, it's not "Pink pajamas, penguins on the bottom"?
Amen to that!.....RT Learn something new everyday! We are here to grow, to evolve & to become our best selves :)
Today's CQ.com article was about the budget cuts, cost controls and other financial aspects of the Senate intelligence authorization bill.
A real trooper! RT : I refuse to let the rain keep me from you today!
A wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.
well come to twitter. None of us can do it. Lol
that loser choked :lol7:
thx -- think it's a wrap -- nyc deployed overwhelming numbers -- was not even a question
damn, you def got that rodriguez blood in you.. Lol for sure. Hope to see you, we gotta kick it fam.
Ready to get my drink on with some of my favorite people!
Booked at the Drawing Room on the 22nd for #ChicagoRestaurantWeek and can't WAIT! Where else should I try?!
Cheers to that! I knew you were wise! ;) RT : Always
Maybe the beastie boys should just focus on making films with every possible celebrity cameo - they've really nailed that!
My family is hoping for some good news today, so send some awesomesauce vibes my way, please. :-)
spiking the ball on 3rd down?? what the hell!!!
it's good, but it doesn't sync to anything. If the changes you made synced to iPhoto on the desktop then it would be better.
Remarkable employees know when to play and when to be serious; when to be irreverent & when to conform; when to challenge & when to back off
I LOVE YOU❤💙💜 AND I wish u could I'd been there for you DUKEY! I miss my bestie!! I know Casey took amazing care of you!!
Happy New Year, as if buying new calendars alters the fabric of the universe.
" They'll tell you, 'Quit now, you'll never make it.' If you disregard that advice, you'll be halfway there."David Zucker
He says HI!
Blake Griffin just pooped on the Rockets with that dunk.
I'm so hungry. But I don't wanna get out of bed.
I Registered for the webinar but never received instruction on how to get on.
for the viewers
I'll be doing the hopefully in #Philadelphia because I'll be out of town when it's in
Congrats!!! So excited for you. The show is amazing!
Best of luck to our US World Cup team! Let’s go red, white and blue!
The League of Libations meetings are presented with ! Check out their site to find where to eat and drink in #Madison!
Off to #joseph rehearsal. Then to hang. So ready for Saturday!
that's the second time Sterling had used the "Raul Is Cool" home run call this season. It's pretty horrible
yep. That's all. Straight from the book.
Our latest rescued guinea pig is getting pretty bossy these days. Demanding veggies while lounging in his bed. Makes me smile though.
i'm bout boredd as sh_t . Good thing I'm coming home tomrrw ! Guess I'll watch a movie til I fall asleep .
Finally, 1 more today : How To Publish, talk by Gordon Hutner, founding ed. of American Literary History, 2-3:30pm, Bryan Faculty Lounge
Always know that youu shine brighter than anyone does 🎵❤👼
I have summer school too):
Oh and since you very well know im your secret santa, letting you know i have your gift and i didn't forget about you! :D
that was uncalled for by a guy you've been talking shit about and wanting them bitch ass lakers to trade
what happened now?
I want some kale chips. I have to drag out my dehydrated to make them & go buy some kale but I think I will!
And I do miss you, twitterverse! I just desperately need to study. For the next month.
Think like a man ...act like an #asshole yup
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever ;)
Brett Favre is back!
i"ve got big balls you've got big balls but we got the biggest balls of them all, my balls are always bouncing lol. :D
good it was cute :) wbu
Our business cards could use a fresh new look -- #Tallahassee which spot should we go to?
well I'm Landon. But you already knew that from my twitter name haha.
Pictures: Megan Fox&#39;s Low-Key Lunch Date
Dang, just missed in studio on 99.5 with Big Shot Jason. At least I'll catch him on #DWTS tonight.
You better not!! lol
not very good, we lost 6-2 in 9 innings.
House appears to be standing at ease. We missed the motion, though, so not sure. Anyone?
My eyes are dry
Really get a sense of your shop from the pix on your FB fan page, John, very cool, love the B&W...
have a great training day bro
Yes! RT when i get some money im bout to join the i've been meaning to do that forever
Lmao my sister is gonna be like Ohh God ^.^ Ha ha xD
Finally got to watch #NewGirl... LOLed all over the place!
RT : It's supposed to be in the 70's tomorrow. We'd like to call that pretty perfect weather for our ROOFTOP opening! - wanna go?
Another sweet upload this morning to #ilovedetroit! Just a few days left to share your story!
I Actually I Enjoyed Walking All Outside.
Cried myself to sleep yesterday v,____v
Up not giving a fuck.
Mellow Wednesday at home, catching up on some sports; Lakers, Kings both playing. Let's go LA!
So, I'm rereading and I'm noticing that Katniss is so whiny and annoying at the beginning of Catching Fire. Teenagers.
At that note, I refuse to let that bring my spirits down
Good morning everyone! Now it's time for me to go to bed, but idk if I can cause the suns out! Xoxo <3
Josh Hamilton's ABs are already must see television and its May.
wish you were us hm?
Okk Haha Ugh I Think Im Loving ikey Now haha Im Just Gonna Love All of Them Equally
wish I could! Sorry :(
Ironically, I almost bookmarked a list of alternatives to #Delicious in #Delicious. #doh!
Alright, sport. I'll shoot off an email to you tomorrow with tips!
M sushi, which member if WORD is eat sushi and which one is eating a turkey sandwich?
ha. seems like one too many :)
After a long weekend of work...I'm finally in my own bed...Embassy suites DC was great but I like it here Richtown VA
(RT) if yall want to see a no instruments mixtape w/ him and
I sold my ipod dork.
I prefer: "Add 10 BPM and more gain on the guitars" as a cover method
Why he gotta be so cute.? ;))
Legal lesson #1: Police make arrests, they do not interpret the law. That is the job of judges and lawyers. Sanford PD screwed up.
Just getting started in the Content Strategy workshop at #Confab12 Looking forward to a long day chock full of informative information.
I'd read that. RT : Wanna know what I'd LOVE to see? Gossip Girls on Mars for young adult.
If my #Lawyer let's me I will tweet a photo of #Brafton #Boston written test. If you interview YOU MUST take! Question 1. HOW OLD ARE YOU??
You can try, just wet your fingers. Unfortunately the warranty doesn't traverse to a new phone
was there ever really a day when this form of reasoning was actually practiced???
Listening to new album Under Fire trying to calm my nerves before I go to my job interview
It's 12 midnight in Fort Worth, Texas. Sleep well rodeo riders, pick-up truck drivers and hard working people everywhere.
IronMan. I just like Robert Downey Jr. But Scarlett Johansson was a super badass. She's my idol.
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Everybody spread the word to the new freshman on campus about Habitat. HabiTakeover is on the horizon!!!
Cavs are rebuilding...Heat are supposed to win a champ but only have 1 win against top 5. Good call killer..dumb ass Heat fans.
Episode 36 of Parlour to Parlour is going live on Monday morning at
My stomach is not stoked about life...
“: Tune in to an all new #SwampPeople tonight at 9/8c. RT if you plan on watching.” thought u should know
Nice! estimates that 1/3 of ISS parts can be repaired/replaced by 3d printing
I hope the fact that my sisters are here this weekend don't jeopardize my plans for tomorrow night... ima be extra mad!!!
Omg can you can fuck all my bitches?
Not quite as addicted as me, I'm the mayor ;-)
AHAHHAHAHAHAHHA has the best tweets.
last chance to RSVP for 944's june issue release bash TONIGHT ! hosted vodka from 9 to 10pm! www.944.com/sdmusic
you're cute.
BlueBerry Kisses!!♫
Love how the rw keeps retweeting the numbers spoon-fed to them without bothering to check 'em themselves.
Some random just asked me to estimate how many movies I've seen in my life....
Name for our English Brown Ale: "Big Brown," after our illustrious, old-as-dirt couch.
You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
I love my sis !!! She is my heart..
Brad Pitt stages ''mini-Grammys'' show to help New Orleans
Damn you McGhee.
Go Hogs Go - Get that SEC road win vs Auburn!!!!
I have no idea why nyan cat is awesome but it is
JG, Gordon says you are missing a great event!
Anyone know how to get tickets to the Movie Festival After Party in Denver?
“: #ThatOnePersonWho will never understand how you feel about them.”
RT Excited to bring and the masterminds behind to with help from
I have a couple feeds that don't update very often. I'd like an email alert when they do...
take the Knicks ml, parlay with overs. and absolutely unload your bank account.
I think I'm definitely dried up of tears.
Congrats to Magnet member on being selected to participate in "The Pitch". Tune in on Mon, May 7 at 9 pm on AMC.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I hate the color blue
thanks again for the call last night and catching up.
josh!!! me too.
when you were little did you talk to the rice crispes! :)
True blood!!! <3
off to play at a wonderful intimate new year's eve gathering. I love my job! Happy New Year!
As long as I am ahead of Gary Vaynerchuk, I am satisfied
Thanks! Missed being there. I knew she'd be great. RT We missed you. was outstanding.
Saturday Night @ Estate - another SELL OUT weekend! Sun is shining & Pats are on @ 1 p.m.
i think ppl love long + obvious presentations for very mysterious reasons
Mine too! I love it so much!
I cannot believe that there is a #MenInBlackIII; I did not know that they even made another one.
its wateva now
Pre-Presidential drinks at Schooner's!!
“: so your bald head ass finally decide to tweet lls” don't come for the queen !!!!
what up man...you workin i see!... told me you gave him some heat!
How'd u do? leaving Ixonia now. Won't make it. Sorry Hope it was great
do you like brainfood? Cuz I got some o' that!
thank you so much and fr letting the fans share the stage tonight best show EVER!!!!!
YOU MEAN LIKE THIS!!??
thanks ed
Dear can you please be a little more enthusiastic when narrating a soccer game?!!!! I want to hear a GOAL!!!! thx
T-24 hours til Vegas. Let's hope I come back.
Dont feel bad. Im getting these tweets, no idea why
have you touched #blackjack yet?! Double Down on 11 and split double 8s.
Spend more time being happy, making moments and less time arguing
If u want to be be followed then follow me...
Minnesota Twins = Chicken Soup For The #RedSox. 18 hits. 11-2 victory.
u suck! Quit messing w/my 3g, I'm not upgrading to 4g, DAMMIT!!!
#TheEffectsOfAlcohol *Phone rings* Me-Hello. Tay (Drunk): hehehe deer darn green giraffe in dye fron yurd ....Me: *Click* -_-
Thanks for the follow, Dee!
how old are you like 16 now
It's so hot. What the hell.
Check out my dairy-free, soy-free herbed potato salad recipe. Perfect for a Labor Day BBQ.
everyone quit, its just me now sincerely -ben
the wind is blowing me up =|
Yes, you may.
As always, you're a great help, Josepf!
Remember every Wed all bottles of wine at $10. Happy #WineWednesday!
Also if possible , please announce boarding for the wrong flight at the gate. They don't have those defibs handy for nothin!
thanks for the follow. If you have any comments on starting a biz without cash, let me know.
#Ryan_Gosling built the kitchen table featured in #The_Notebook in preparation for his role as Noah.
Wait, I have it better - "Agreed! Look what happened at EMA. It went viral on internet for months."
Follow us on twitter
Yes, I will be there. Got an upcoming play to chat up. Hope to have a drink and talk with you there.
yup yup
A muddy shirt on the ground, A woman's shirt. No one nearby topless. A few footprints on it.
Bad company corrupts good character
According to a recent survey, nearly 1 in 5 people have dropped their smartphone in the toilet. Have you?
Interesting stuff. Toda raba for posting.
stop fucking being smart !
It sure was!
I can't stand mag apps either. Constant crashes. Login problems. Etc.
It's going to be a spectacle....
got the urns, they look great!
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters +_O
If you get bored, tell your friends to follow us! We'll have more shows coming up, and more bands to tell you about :)
Movies tonight with Montana 💚💚💚
I was just remembering the day I met I was so awkward, its all a blur. i dont even remember saying bye. lol, omg.
Guess who gets to see Wicked? This kid. I love my Dad. d:
What are you doing for Spring Break?
thanks :) and it was poppin, i must say.. we were actually talking about u today in dance cuz we were rehearsin "flow to you" :')
#np "Super Friend" & #MaryMary - I just love this song & it makes me love Banner even more, he lays it down on this song!
Checking out Tim Hagans "The Moon is Waiting" Tim is a monster & Vic Juris shines! Tasty Rufus Reid and Jukkis Uotila? Well worth a listen.
Looking forward to working with
R.I.P. Whitney...another angelic voice added to the heavenly choir!
smack his ass lol
Picking up the boy-pilot at the airport. Still doesn't have his driver's license. He's late! Prob playing with his b-day present (pictured).
Yes, I'm working in DC now. How long will you be out in Cali for?
[B]beautiful beyond words [E] Everything goes together [L]Lovable and bubbly [L] Luxurious and amazing [A] a person i will always cherish
Had to look that up, wasn't familiar with it. Sounds interesting. Nina Persson could be good onscreen....
The hurricane is cominq:O
What a beautiful day! Glad it's Saturday and I can enjoy it. <"No Clouds" pun goes here>
#20ThingsAboutMe; 1. No matter how much I say, "I don't give a damn", there's always that part of me that gives a damn.
Whatever Andy Ur too Cool To talk to fans I see!!!
that's impressive. he can ride five miles no problem. pretty sure 10 is reasonable.
Just took a cab for the first time lol
Beck's Modern Guilt makes me want to say something stupid. She's got a cactus crown. See! See!
My ex tryna work it out, tell that bitch try yoga
thanks for the follow :)
WHY AM I STILL ON THIS THREAD WITH Y'ALL FUCKING POTHEADS?
Rather than swat the ball out of bounds, would love to see shot blocker snatch it out of the air w/ one hand.
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." - W.H. Murray
Tebow would be a better QB than Sanchez.
Be sure to walk through the #Boston Common to see the ducklings wearing #GRONK t-shirts!!!
After today, it's time: dark night run of the soul in Central Park.
"don't think about it, BE about it..don't be scared. No excuses, no apologies..Take it to the head!" -DJ Khaled <3
Maybe should release the obsession & Maybe u Mite get a tweet from him someday
I love you you're charming and pretty, you're my role model!:)xx
I thought you were trying to handle your money better ? I guess that was just an excuse .
The best defense to labor and employment litigation is implementing best HR practices.
Last night was just what I needed :3
we got lots of cool projects. We should start interviewing developers. Can you pass on the word.
Yes, DE, Pete, and Vin all still going strong and online in Charlotte at ! Have another good year of Resurrection...
Yes, long, boring winters to blame...
ya, are you?
#immvt rewriting outcomes much easier when u have a sounding board. Thanks all
I wish there was a button for people to unfollow you
What's up
RT : "Even though sometimes we stumble,Even though sometimes we fall, Call Him up, and tell Him what you want"~ Ron Kenoly
yep.. . Thanks
Hey guys THE STRANGER FAMILY NORTH AMERICAN TOUR IS IN FULL EFFECT. IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THEM PLEASE CONTACT GAZI
One of my favorite bball players of all time : Reggie Miller ! <3
I'm retarded, but the good kind of retarded; fire retarded.
There is wonderful joy ahead! I Peter 1:6 #Worship #Faith #Bible .
One of the best SVU episodes for a long time! #mariskahargitayrocks!!
More $$$ & power to mismanage & abuse. District vs. STATE budget. When our officials can handle district properly, I'm on board!
Playing tonight at le bon temps on magazine and bordeaux st. come party with us. 11pm!
Hotel...Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Patriots will not Know what hit them, #1 Rushing Offense against 31st. ranked Defense in the NFL? Tebow will just pass on weak secondary...
yeah .. Yeah
. can rub you the wrong way, but he's OK. He's a little high-strung right now because he's expecting a child.
bet none of them fell like i do. I get to go uhh when #niallwhipshispenis real hard! as soon as he comes out i jump on! yea i jump on!
Swagtastic. RT : And at exactly 3pm, I finished law school.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT!!! Crazy Mary at Ella Lounge, 10PM, 9 Avenue A, (Houston st.), NYC
Looking forward to lots of Play Dough and Bubbles. Our office, Supreme Lending, loves being a drop office point.
actually a tough decision, I don't have the number handy, call the creek and see what they have, maybe nighttime crowd showed
When I grow up, I want to be a David Guetta dancer.
You're welcome Daniele...
Muncie here I come
ugh...almost done with work..almost..this CD taking forever to burn...then i still gotta rip it into the system..hurry up yo..
I like Stubbs
Just chugged a red bull.
I am watching the home going celebration of Whitney Houston R.I.P. And we all know that she is going to heaven what ever the news says
Okay, the hell with it then...
Where are all the cross-fit die-hards? One month unlimited Groupon..should I try it after the half?
Thanks, Katie!!! RT : Good luck at the #ShortyAwards and have fun!
how are you? Its been forever...
And they screwed up my wife's order.
Great session - thanks!
“: #FirePioli” this will be trending
Every selfish action detracts from the opportunity to do something good for another in need!
thanks brett
it's Friday, Friday,gotta get down on Friday.Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend :)
girls that rock jordans <<<<<<<<<
Recording a cover of "Proud of Your Boy" from Aladdin
actually I am! 😂 sad ain't, I like bringing the asshole out of MFs. 👏
Excellent meeting with clergy today. Inspired to see how we have already changed out community story by story.
Just saw an Animal Welfare van, makes me wonder where to apply for dog food stamps.
#sixseasonsandamovie Yeah , I saw it. Nice. Great last 30 seconds. We'll need more than 13 though. Get it done.
good lucky with the interview
: Palena Cafe AND I got the burger. And it was medium rare. And it was so good! ...And I sat next to Betsy Markey. Fancy.
“: I hate when people treat dogs like they are humans... I'm talkin to you mom” hahaha
My phone just went off during a presentation.
Finally getting some boarding in...snow not as good as years past but great nonetheless
I am being #pushedout AMEN!!
Thanks to my pal Judd J for a great shoot yesterday!
I was kind of hoping the Bulls will win!
Stimulus Social Club Event @ Old Town Social. Includes appetizers and one cocktail and network with professionals $10
we had our wedding reception there. My favorite club.
": Never underestimate yourself. You never really know how strong you are until being strong is the only option you have."
don't run on
Ooooohhhhh that's what we on???
I've been to Davanti three times and stellar each time. Bencotto is hit or miss for me. Love Underbelly!
when you headed there homeslice?
Dang it. You're right.
got make some phonecalls for the next 20 minutes
George Milner talking about climate change, increase in warfare, and depopulation of late prehistoric Midwest
Mozilla readies Firefox 3.6 for the grave: Mozilla's updates to Firefox 3.6 come to an end next week, as the company also reveals tha...
“: I been told u chump” <== you coulda reminded bout the game day before or something Smh I forgot
Single life, guess I will be attending the christian single mingler
Not my fault she lost her phone and try to say I stole it. I have money and my parents are wealthy. Why the fuck would I take your phone.
In #LongIslandCity today I joined biz leaders, 2 push new #RooseveltIsland school 2 grow jobs in Queens
just confirmed our first film of Winter term: 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf' is our Valentine's weekend pick!
THAT"S WHY RONDO FUCKING SUCKS!!!
Nothing brings on anxiety faster than being forced to eat deviled eggs at a company potluck.
please ask Allure of the Seas to put some drinks on ice. I'll be there to imbibe on Sunday!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY(:
Enjoyed your 40 thoughts (especially since I was stuck in studio). Thanks for sharing and hope you used sunscreen.
that's that good shit
Anyone read any good books lately?
Had some serious #ahamoments today on the BIG IDEA... LOVE the creation phase!
Will do!
Thanks for the follow.
My 100th tweet was saying happy birthday to <3 Happy Birthday Deezy! :)
Seconded! RT “: thank you 49ers for keeping my home playoff dreams alive!” // this.
I swear Liam & Miley r too cute together!! <3
wow looks like is very pop-ular! maybe we can spice it up and give chili lime packaging a fancy leg on the bag??
I was thinking the same!
Obama needs to be impeached now
Did you know eating three kiwis a day can help lower blood pressure? Find out what's in the funny and furry fruit that our bodies love....
Weathery Walk just got added to my shit list. Thanks assholes! I shouldn't have to tell you all my business. What else you want to know?
lol. Pro tip: the as-is section down by the register is epic.. Sometimes.
I enjoyed the int. this AM. missed a great convo, but it's cool to know U and I are almost "related." :-)
finally back up in this bitch, i gotta start remembering my password..LOL
My favorite, thanks for the heads up! RT Tonight! Rudolph. CBS. 8pm. Be there.
Bahah ! My brother has a girlfriend. He asked her out by giving her a note that said "Will you date me?" ohh 5th graders...
Oh, I'm writing as I do this. I'm a genius at multitasking.
Thanks for helping today! #DipityDoRight! RT : Just finished up delivering for ! T'was fun! Now I'm hungry! :)
Barely on my laptop anymore since I got my tablet. My mother said I should give it to my sister... Hahahahaha ... NO.
Adventurer & #SuitedforSpace mascot, Space Bear, is on his way to Follow SB's lead & see "Suited for Space" before it closes!
at home with one sick kid and one hyper kid.
I've definitely seen some of that in the US stuff too. I haven't gotten to reading through the _Heathen Woman's Friend_ yet
This is true!
@ 813 going release their new hit!! get ready. i #GotDemHits that make u
just watched abe vs. zombies great movie
Thanks Las Vegas for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I'm sorry I just now saw this Thank you for the kind comment means alot nice seeing u 2 see u next year
ok you're beyond gorgeous :)p.s you and brandon are the perfect couple.
Working out on the beach by myself cause my dad don't wanna let me go with my friends to workout-___-
Perfect NYC morning, tonight, life is good!
You got robbed.
Hmm no honey mustard any where in Yankee stadium?!?!?!
I'm in a good mood today!
eat more kale. since i have been eating kale, I feel so much healthier.
FOOD IN MY MOUTH
is 10x nicer than is!
Who is this ChristianCAL playing 20 questions with me? =P
If free internet is why you go to Starbucks, where you pay $4 for a latte, I hope you don't do public policy work for the gov't.
I cant believe you went there..
That doesn't mean anything. If people had AJ Jenkins over Stephen Hill or Reuben Randle, then it means something.
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his
whew woke up and started reading angry blogs about why marketers suck. maybe i should rethink my career path.
gonna try Nixon in China tonite at Lincoln Center plaza. really enjoyed Puccini's La Rondine yesterday
. A nicely chilled 2010 Lightning from Airfield Estates!
saving my money so i can buy that, not even lying
You want to hear a joke about my penis? Ah never mind. It's too long.
Really? I'd love to figure out how to connect with these folks!
Looking around in Palo Alto... Life goes on, but it won't be the same.
oh not that bad yet, just hobbled up to the train platform. But i'm expecting some wimpering later. Just planning ahead :)
The only thing worse than transcribing a two-hour interview is losing the story file and having to do it again.
Connection directly to the owner of lease Split level house into Pakhoa Hawaii with VRBO To be connected with the owner Of i :-)
Hahah #brucejenner just got mentioned on
It's pun o'clock, somewhere.
Yes, would be great to see you when you're here! I'll try to make the book event.
hahahahahah .... I was seriously SO confused by that
At this moment, thousands of engaged Christian virgins are fervently praying for Harold Camping to be wrong about tomorrow.
Come check out $1 TVs at Diversity Thrift!! We have a few left, when they're gone the sale is OVER!! No refunds on $1 TVs.
Alhamdulillah. Appreciate you relaying that on to me.
A gentle reminder that we are opening late today because of the Easter holiday. See you at 1:30!
Hopefully that Borders will have them in stock again. Keep checking - Borders is the exclusive US distributor for our Notebooks
Braveheart is on!
That's not a good deal, woman. I don't have $15 for a side salad, a cup of soup, some brushetta, and a dessert I wont eat.
can't wait to get the ipad 3 next month <3
BBL Going On My Backup
when I was younger #IUsedTo think my teenage years would be the best. Now, I wanna go back to being younger <\3
