You will hear many things, but know much less.
yeah, that you St. Mary's for screwing up that in bound pass.
art is finally getting surgery... The world is about to get a little less grossed out
I disagree, of course.
Survived (and enjoyed!) #SNCA12. Now to celebrate #NCSU 's 125th birthday! Happy Birthday, #NCSU !!!
Ahh!! I just went to China for Spring Break... It was Amazing :D
unfortunately josh you can't swim. hah jk brah
wait, Bristol has a memoir? How does she even have any memories worth reading at that age?
I agree with everything in that last RT
Come on Barca! Mes que un club!
Love isn't blind, it's retarded.
Our State Legislature closed yesterday with a new record. It accomplished less in less time than any of its predecessors. [1944-03-19]
...obviously cold adapted, dark-skinned self. the human body does not adapt in a beneficial way to...
OKC is amazing right now! #NBA I see Heat/NY OKC/Lakers for Finals.
Oops. Left coffee off the email address.
Life is like sailing. You can use any wind to go in any direction. ~ Robert Brault
Claro n.n
Am i supposed to
im going through a lot of shit right now. Sorry
That is fantastic:))) What an accomplishment for SKJ.. You must be so proud.
I Live My Life Never Without Weed, That's Something You Best Believe!
that's something you need to do , cus I've been waiting for it forever... Chill, I'm whallin' right now lmao
i love you ♥
RT Harbaugh wasn't impressed by stamina of his rookies... including 1st-rounder AJ Jenkins were flagging by midsession
EVERYONE FOLLOW ---> <--- SHE'S 1 OF MY BEST FRIENDS & SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER!! :) <3 SHE NEEDS FOLLOWERS! THANKS! <3
I really enjoy reading your blog, it's a refreshing perspective vs the sensationalism of mainstream media
there's a new yoga/Pilates studio in mt wash you should try with me!
“Genius is of small use to a woman who does not know how to do her hair.” Edith Warton, The Touchstone.
“: no doubt bruh pick me up 2 pairs of those cavs 4's” make it 4
Any food bloggers who would answer a few ?s for a student journalist briefly? Please DM me.
well thats cool! hope u have a great day! would love if u would follow me , but if u dont i understand! :)
Join me and 'Like' the Angels for Animals Network on facebook. You can help save some cute pups in the Southern California area!
follow back homie
I'm such a terrible sister. I swear, I don't deserve a sister as good as I really need to get my priorities together. :(
"I can give you a deal.. 2 for the 3..." Um that's not a deal..that's robbery... U mean 3 for the 2?
take it easy, I'll be busy forgetting that you called me "broseph".
What company has the best/cheapest phone plan right now?
thank you, you have a happy day as well!
You can bandage the damage, you can never really fix a heart
#W00T RT Politics+Beer+Geeks= ! Officially booked 4/23 show w/ & host w/ most
if u want to see what we do, check out the new 'service' page on the site... but we can basically do anything u could imagine - just ask! =)
Neither to I. It seems rather pointless.
u know WE ALL LUV U SS!!!!
Need training? We come to you. 365 days out of the year we continue to train. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It has to be Robinson or this game is over.
#mythoughtsatschool when the fuck is this class over
Looks like just got a few new fans in Iowa. Drafted #Osemele from Iowa State.
it's on every other song here.
Good to hear :) Thank you for the question!
So since I started this campaign, I have started having lots of stomach acid pumping
I Got My Vlados Today For Skooll..!!! Yay There The Same Ones The ICONic Boyz Had (:
Experts in digital marketing in Argentina? See for
Yeah, cold algorithmic robot feelings! Time to account for post-robot-pocalyse cit journ... or, you know, maybe not.
when sent me those I told her Jammie dodger sounded like a swear/insult "Stick it up your Jammie dodger!"
If you're looking for a waterbed at a garage sale, the price should be the least of your concerns.
Collecting syllabi, creating calendars and following Nancy Pearl on Twitter. Ready for a new semester...
I like all of my feminine products to have a brawny Celtic Goddess on the front.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure- Zig Ziglar
Temacious D-rize of the fenix, go listen to it now.
it's saying, "bad URL" D:<
Better you than me :p : I am in my own personal hell.
Trust is like a mirror... when you break it, you can fix it, but it takes time and when it is finally fixed, there will always be cracks.
Now it says that I'm following you :D
What time will you be on the air tomorrow?
Back beast! Away from the snacks!
gotta make dinner tonight based around potato waffles as requested by the bf.
Post your favorite digital learning tools to the ALASC Facebook page for
Things I don't want to do today: go outside.
The moral of the story is that all media is slanted to the view of the publisher, liberally!
The #letitrip segment scheduled for tonight is postponed until tomorrow evening. Hoping those affected by the storms are safe.
Such poor taste! RT : Whats ur opinion on the "Homeless Hotspot" issue @ #SXSW? Do u think it was a good idea or poor taste?
thanks for providing the soundtrack for my trip home. Some good tunes on your list.
recruits "dream team" of great teachers to create brief video lessons on common core standards.
Nothing but good things in 2012 family!
your late! you should of been here hours ago....
CAC talk - Mesulam - PPA research has highlighted the importance of ant. Temp lobe to the language network
THE #TEAMDRG CYPHER ROSTER WILL BE ANNOUNCED AT 9:45 PM STAY TUNED
help help me ronda
If Lee Harvey Oswald were put on trial today he would be found not guilty either by insanity or some Bleeding Judge would throw out
Ah nice!!!! Send me some details man. I've already got two shows booked - would definitely like to add a third.
Of course you'll go!:D
we just celebrated 8 weeks on the Jazz Billboard Charts!!!! Much <3 2
you should follow me back.... Im a huge fan!!💙💜💗
I've been really into high fives lately
Bark-out to this pawsome group! Please follow them! Doesn't their logo kick major @$$?
Bad night for baseball. I was watching 2 games and both my teams blew it late. Well get em next Time brewers and Rockford peaches.
Man it bet not rain today!
dude, we were at Peabody together ;)
So classic. I just blasted that image around the office and a ripple of guffaws and chuckles ensued.
I got 121,117,941 points while escaping from demon monkeys
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.
A Brief Reputation Search Results Optimization
These miles of running better be worth it....
For all you single moms, form a line to the left, it's gonna be a busy day
Had the weirdest dream last night. A house I've never seen keeps reappearing in my dreams. I can remember it's every corner in detail.
RT Goodell, criticized for disciplining players too harshly, makes statement with 1-year suspension of coach, Sean Payton.
Thanks!! The event turned out great!
WARN law generally requires an employer to provide notice 60 days in advance of covered plant closings and covered mass layoffs
I actually really like bridge 19's version of "somebody that I used to know"
Haha ah man. TrueRT : In UK's spring game, the first string will start out with a 14-0 deficit. Just like a regular SEC game.
I don't know. Depends on if the party started the night before!
super tuesday and looking for some hu action
just laid down the loudest fart infront of the whole English class #eww #nasty #🔥💩😷👃
I still believe in aliens, but I gave up my Nazi attire for a rangers jersey. The rangers are planning the blitzkrieg against SF
#fridayreads "Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Vol 1: The Pox Party," by MT Anderson. Excellent book.
I miss my Racing Milestones days...Phoenix was my favorite track to cover!
Celtics win now it's the Lakers turn maybe not
why aren't you in city council now? Medical marijuana isn't important to u? Not doing your job!!!
Cycling meets Apple iOS - Runtastic Road Bike - have your fans cheer you on
Just ate 450 calories in one bite. That was a tasty butterhorn!
Now chalmers with 4 fouls RT : george hill has accounted for over 33% of the pacers' points.
Ha. To AFP this year, not NTEN though. You?
"An Unexpected Summer Of Growth" great article!
hear hear! no truer words about "genius wrangler" & where did cool lightning graphic come from?
Sometimes, I just look at Austin and think: "Wow. Is it even legal to be that sexy? Omg."
I mean I did. And apparently you did. The question is why didn't we see it together?
Almost ready to start filming!
Education is a process of living, not preparation for future living -John Dewey
Looking forward to working with to give backpacks to our children this year! We're so grateful for their donations!
I really enjoy following - he's definitely not boring and quite funny to boot!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they move on to a better future.
MA lightning storm in winter?
ha! Too damn much...
I am so drunk!!
yeah, I've never seen the original #startrek, so I just started watching them on Netflix. Good stuff!
Sad indeed!! :( Much love to you D.J <3 Have an awesome day
Watching the movie Friends With Benefits..
i seriously need to do a photoshoot asap! i miss working on set!
: you as well
if you listen to one direction don't even bother talking to me..unles you're
god morning ..
I honestly forgot he was still in the league. There are a lot of guys like that. He's the captain of the team.
Great dinner with great friends at #Indulge in Highlands Ranch Colorado tonight.
Cant wait for lunch tho!
Where is my cd with dead man walkin' on it
I'm usually the spoilee not the spoiler...That shit don't even fit my character.. I'm too fly for otherwise.... I mean dat in the nicest way
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW ME AND IL FOLLOW BACK NOW READY SET GO
's Place sippin' a GE Drink Bangin' "I came alone but Im leave'n wit ya' bitch"
#bieberfact A hater once said Justin was the reason his parents divorced, and he cried
While waiting on SB tix to be given away, I noticed that Kalen Irsay gained a follower lol.
I want a damn smart phone so I can steam line all this social networking stuff.
Ash never uses Pikachu in the tournaments ....but on the games it was always the strongest....WHY
Well, Europe is a Swedish band. Figures that with Sweden as a host country they'd play it
Back to work..
And guess what? I play the game better than you do. You sure as hell don't ever learn.
What a blessed time we had as a family this long holiday weekend!! A MUCH needed break from the norm, and shared fun and memories. Still...
I hate when I'm excited about texting someone all day. Then they reply with one word answer o_O ruined it.
21 jump street is legit dude!! Fucking hilarious!!XD
you're over there w/Jen, tell her all of that.
But yu don't look better then me!
Watch out, Netflix and Hulu! Amazon is starting an original TV programming business.
slides do not equal duration
Um....that's me. You should stop by and say hi. RT : There's a lady knitting at the hockey game!?
Of course a Mexican RT my soccer tweet lol
Our website is under construction, sorry......
need to follow more exciting people.
You bet, it's Shannon Perich, associate curator, Photographic History Collection, National Museum of American History
The total shebang that was apparently #WelcomeJJ is just proof that Georgetown has its priorities in the right place.
oh will you! Well amen! Text coming now! Ha!
that's hilarious
good girl u did me good.. There's one 3 to go
: French toast in a #slowcooker? I don't even know how that would work!
sorry for the late reply, and miami, hby? (:
Going home and napping
The best nature has to offer! Forever Living aloe vera products!
The month of February 2012 will celebrate the life of President General Sefako Mapogo Makgatho and the collective that led the ANC with...
Oh yeah we gonna do that naked fucking. I won't have clothes on and neither will you!
wow! Thanks. That was mostly a sarcastic tweet. But I'm glad you like 'em. It's tons of fun.
Thanks for the tweet. Definitely need to ask the same questions of online training. Is that what you mean or something else?
Spurs have a great blend of vets and youth on their team this year. Gonna be a tough out in a 7 game series.
Sitting out eating Garret's with my woman. Not one fucking school thought on our minds. ;)
It's official - I will be speaking at the American Associate of Cosmetology Schools (AACS) in April at the Paris hotel. Leveraging Linkedin!
Apparently, you're more likely to be killed by a vending machine than to win the Megamillions jackpot
false hope fucking sucks. why the hell would you want that. cause eventually you gone know the truth then what. you gone have a hard crash
this girl eating string cheese in second period yu know its hot ewwww
So many movies about regular joes wanna be superheros..didnt even know about defendor.
Of course #Rodman poured on the treys against the
I love The Girls Next Door
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - PR Web (press release)
Oh my gosh, your hair looks super adorable. <3
Great lunch Thanks!
I think is crepe ;)
cannot watch any network news until they start adding good news. Its too sensationslist.
I love heels. I have the cutest ones! I need to get famous so I can wear them to all the cool parties k.
Dopey. Tubby. Daddy. Ronny. P-Nutty. Clumsy. Crook-y. War-y. re: last 5+ presidents.
Except for sunshine at Coachella.
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to stay incog ... lol
If I tweet something and nobody reads it, is it still a tweet?
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Thank you! Have a wonderful Mom's day.
One day its all about you. Then when something better comes along, Youll merely be a second thought. Or none at all.
"The men all pause when I walk into a room" umm..as a matter of fact so do the ladies...hehehe
Congratulations Baylor Women's Basketball on a fabulous 40-0 season and your national championship. Amazing!
Hopefully the Groundhog is right. BTW Encore running Groundhog Day marathon. LOL!
Dex: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.
Got Assn event coming up? Hit us with a press release at
YESS! :) i was in heaven
Lets go till 7pm 2day & Sat,,..Weather is SO nice...get yo beer 4 da games this weekend 7411 W. Lake Mead 89128 then say hi
Hoping we snag another award this year with the graphics comp...we love all of the positive feedback from other orgs!
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing. but i will when i get home honey bunches
Noah, we will be sure to announce on Twitter if Idols do make a return to MKE. : )
May 5th. Lets do it Papa!
Oh man, red robin. can't eat another bite. Bbq chicken wrap so good
The Early Bird gets the worm and The early girl can wake up to her mans morning wood ;)
I've always thought that a "sailor" would have been an obvious choice for one of the Village People. Not butch enough?
Can't wait to go nap.
yep yep
#YouKnowItsReal when your out with someone and you cant stop thinkin bout somebody else.
Hey, soo umm, I heard you were a wild one... is it true? ;)
Your interaction with Visa is subject to a raft of regulations. Your interaction with Mint, not so much.
I miss my brother to death;
Dave still isnt following me...
Todaii is My B-Day Plz follow me and my 2 friends &
aren't they so great?!? hahah!
A majority of those Conserva Dems are from Southern states, already in conservat RW land voters. So here's the problem..
LOL SASSY EMMA ANSWER YOUR TEXTS
The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.
friend, this is not what drags you drunk from the bar, but the one that creeps close!)))
Today is $12 Thursday...unlimited mini-golf and 40 arcade tokens for just $12.
I meant listening TO #TheWeeknd lol
5 Palm Beach County DMV Employees arrested for accepting cash to get illegal immigrants drivers licenses
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma - good to know.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. - Phillip Brooks
find out what works for you and just maintain till you can upgrade
has a fantastic product
Indeed: I've been really impressed by the balance the paid-for stuff keeps.
Put your big girl panties on and deal with it.
hi John - Gist or Assistly? - I can help with Assistly over at - if you want info, recommend
RT : Today's winners of comp #NSMN Individual Memberships are...... Awesome! Thanks!!! :)
There's a cell phone tower by my house with the pole painted brown and fake fir branches
Go get 'em Notre Dame Law team
Haven't tried beet juice,but cranberry works. said turmeric is another good one.Love finding non-toxic stuff for kids.
Going to Portland futsal soon
Why..Amanda Perez
I Feel like I'm going to sneeze,
well we could try and get to follow us
If you are having difficulties with your web host, perhaps I can be of assistance?
It's that time !! #Smash #smash #smashseasonfinale !!
June 25 is officially here!
An individual who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can't ever be happy or achieve anything worth it.
Happy Pi Day!
The fact that my mom gets a better phone than me <<<<<
I been shopping since I got hme since I Gained so much weight. I cnt fit none of my clothes. Literally. Smh.
I kinda want to start a collab Minecraft channel.
So ready for the season to start!
#realized I have a love/hate relationship with shoes, love to buy them, hate to wear them
she would also like you to k now that when she does wear it, she would like you to send me a picture
sorry the interior is the wrong color, I'll need the dc council to pay extra for one five states away
The Chevy Traverse can take you around #Philly w/24mpg. What fuels ur family? Reply #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
never saw it but i always wanted to
I have the file, but I'm waiting on an email address to forward it too
Drag Me To Hell it is an Awesome movie. It will keep you on the edge of your seat
Maybe if the goal was larger, I could score. Though probably not. Hopefully I never have to defend my home and loved ones with a wrist shot.
good April fools trick!
my perfume smells good as hell.
Can someone please help my headache to go away? Thanks.
watch who gets FAKE when shit gets REAL.
Back from Cleveland! Had a great time covering the Auto Show for Time Warner Cable's Automotive On Demand!
2009 U.S. Depart of Ed study revealed that on avg, online students out performed those receiving face-to-face instruct. #education #Ihave?s
My brother just hit his first homerun!
Great! Lets meet at the Chispa booth at 3:15.
Varnell Hill RT : Bill Clinton RT : - Out of all of the GREAT African Americans... Who do you look up to most?””
#LasVegas right now, Portland tonight, Boise tomorrow... It's gonna be a busy 24 hours! Side-note; Excited for #iOS5 next week!
does this mean I need to get one too? What would we call my house?
I'm proud to help and I'm sure the interviews will help many survivors.
That reminds me. Was it your cellphone in the photo of the infamous broken floor, and did it ever lose signal in the crater?
Indiana is scared to play Kentucky on neutral sites, and Notre Dames QB arrested for kneeing a police officer at a party! classy, Loosiers.
When randomly sleeps over my house >>>
skinny tie, paint brush, black. Done! Lol.
You begin to feel free of the past when you act free of the past!
Had to put that first
yea but you used to could just order a space based on your frame and crank set
I can see your bedrock ; )
Congrats on getting some tv time during the game guys, haha.
I kinda do
somebody make those boys pull their britches up
Oh PAHLEASE. You're live was never bad. Pussy
you know it.
A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak. :). #TEAMBIEBER follow MEE <33 come on BELIEBERSS! #teamfollowback XOXO:)))
omg u guys r so lucky im super jealous right know
Hittin' all those trees gonna make me hit the sack!
Happy birthday to the amazing Love u doll face
Subjecting myself to #jazz at high volumes.
I hate it when Lebron and Wade are being passive bitches in the 1st q. It kills us
Hey Zach, so what happened to the tattoo idea...Still need art?
congratulations to on winning the race at darlington international speedway
Who up peep
Look up the show on Netflix called Peek-a-Boo. No seriously. Look it up. I'll wait.
daughter ended up eating about half the ribs i cooked up. she is carnivore.
Ah.. so now I know who watches Fraiser.
Bill, I'm a little obsessed w u rite now. RT : RT : With Bill Maher"my tip for leaders don't be a ruler be a se ...
Also should add that I've graduated, it was created about a year ago.
Congrats happy to have you this summer!
Can't sleep- thank goodness for Twitter and Google aps!
FALSE. If you want complete control self-produce.
BrownRiceFamily performing 's feb 6th. Tribute to legendary Bob Marley black History month. Keep Haiti in your prayers.
I totally forgot about guitar center! Thanks!!!
I know I'm alone on this, but I still say the theme song Tank! is the best thing about Cowboy Bebop. -Carl Mahnke
Could we do phone tomorrow, Saturday morning, or Sunday?
How is Jessica only 16? I mean really!!!!!!
what is?
Facebook will be replaced by a similar site only because of Facebook's format changes, most of which everyone hates. Can't wait
Strawberries and Spinach, Jasmine Cous-cous, Beans and ricotta, cheddar broccoli, ham and biscuits #WhatIHadatBrunch #WhyAreMyPantsTighter?
Snow today....Summer tomorrow...Only in brewcity..luv it!!
you bet!
Thanks for dropping by today. Great seeing you guys!
In Germany? Get Unifi via Vodafone today. Stay tuned to hear where we'll launch Unifi next!
Do why did you say it like everything is saying is starting to make sense
you get a speeding ticket? dan
Your the 1 that I think about all Dddaayy... Your the 1 that I Dream about Aalwaayss... Your Luv is my luv & my luv is your Luv..He He
Thank you! We can use all the support we can get! Hopefully you'll join us for the walk
Tripanology, getting my knowledge up..
Local women didn't have weight loss surgery-but they think they did. Using hypnosis to drop the pounds? Tonight at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Where? At Anodyne.
#shopsmall #shoplocal Small business Saturday is this weekend on the 26th! Look for the businesses with tiny boxes to win prizes!
He wasn't able to earn any $ in Jan. since he was in the hospital. So this would go towards Jan. rent & utilities.
heady company to be on that list. Thank you. :)
from one #Hoosier to another come to the #Titans we would love to have you!
hey buddy, what's up? :D
O Music Beta invite...
lol. U silly.
lol I feel you! I worked overnight, I'm exhausted but have so much to do today!
Game 2 of the WCHA Playoffs tonight at the Eagles Nest. My pregame meal is a Culvers Butterburger.
I hate that we never talk anymore. What changed?
Stop actin like u The shit hoe The only attention u get is from these lame ass niggaz on fb..#desperate ass
I'm sorry to report that I'm too stupid to understand-"a civil union that is the same but not"-Difference?
i mean Both of them haha :D
RT : Indy's Jukebox is downtown just west of Fountain Square. Great bands, good cause, everybody wins.
I Wanna Fall In Love...... Love This Song
Christianity needs to get it together on gay issues. I really love Chik-Fil-A
Saved someone's life Saturday night. Now they're not speaking to me.
Ear Worm Alert! Mickey's Play House?
finna kill this beat almost done wit it after recordin on this beat alot of thought into it
All humans want to be loved.
Applying for summer internships, submitting conference proposals, and peer-reviewing my pants off. Pls send coffee.
idc ima tell her that you stole her granny panties too!!! No wonder she was looking for em! Lol
Thanks! And happy early birthday to you!
Continued: ..w/ Paul Kratoska of , Mark Zadrozny of , 's Liz Brown, and JAS editor
Started a new short today. Let's see where this one takes us.
Christmas used to always be a big day for #prowrestling as people needed to get out of the house after all that togetherness
Viewers of CHCH Morning Live show in Hamilton were treated to three minutes of hardcore gay pornography around 9:30am Friday April 20, in
People from school need to stop getting twitter this is my Hannah Montana life :/
Success is more often the result of hard work than of talent.
douche. stay away from her.
Just made red velvet cupcakes with and put the frosting butter into the cupcake batter by accident. Disaster? Hmm. :-/
A crazy man on the tv said he created the world's greatest pillow. That might be true, but I still don't think it's worth $80.00. Lunatics.
You and I both know Colin is really just drinking Hurricanes and listening to brass bands when he claims to be studying.
On time to work for the second day in a row! Go me:)
Sxsw 2nd day and I am pretty tired.. ah more free Redbull.2nd wind... Epic Kasabian show last night! FUN & Neon Trees next...
is the one to follow on #amendment1 - bless to all in NC still working your tails off! Right with you, whatever happens.
I'd say your tweets were the best for election results, till I opened the app. Wow!
"President of CEO Foot Locker ... U.S."
Only 19 Actual Full School Days Left! Sweet!!! :D Summer Of 2012 Here I Comee♥
Seriously though, guys, this isn't funny... WHERE IS MY BURT'S BEES?!?!
FOLLOwED HIM
I've heard from my professors that it started in California, specifically as an "air space subdivision".
Anyone own a Bed & Breakfast? Curious as to how you got started and if you had any advice
Great D Clippers! .. Now someone please score a basket
Meet Glimpse - the Social Discovery Conference premiering in San Francisco this June! Details to come in a matter of minutes...
but you also know that for every search for a savvy and hip media phd there is also a search for a canonical one. & all inbetween
Watching Tiger play live in Australia on Network 10.
shouldn't have moved yet, you should have meet ur mahomies at north star one more time so i could have said goodbye :/
Hickson to be special guest referee at wrestling event - Chicago Tribune
A journey may be long or short, but it must start at the very spot one finds oneself-Jim Stovell
just came from the pool my ppls
1st St seems to be save, I'm there now.
days are flying by quickly....last day im looking forward to --> JUNE 8TH <333
Why as a native Badger did I put any faith in Mich St?! I totally got Izzo-ed. Thx for shout-out.
Merry Christmas! I hope everyone has a great day!
C.J. Fair with 10 points on the night so far.
Love it!
I'm gonna die today. Hate Mondays..
to those who get my tweets sent to ur phone. *bbuzz buzz* *ring ring ring* LOLOL
Finally, my best friend has joined the Twitterverse. She's smart with sharp, biting humor.
I hope Krugman-Paul in 45 min is the Scopes Monkey Trial of the gold standard
Joshua Comin over & takin me to work ughh finally get to see him (:
RT I expect Magic to fire SVG and Otis Smith next wk. They need to act. Other teams have had head start on coach, GM searches.
Hanging with my lil bro #Kbbq and #IMMORTALS while
RT We always have two choices, accept conditions as they are or take responsibility for changing them.
April fools joke? Somehow my iPod shuffle is full of my parents music. This I discover at the start of a 5 mile bicycle ride. Awful. Awful.
Bobbys hair just waved hi to me!
Am reading Your Brain at Work. Is it possible that too much physical exercise can affect PFC functioning?
Saturday night live was just so bad last night
I fucking love pretty little liers
I'm thinking you should just offer it up for everyone to check out!
Seemed like a pretty decent percentage (85%). That's good that so many of our libraries have a social media presence, right?
Many thanks. We are both fortunate to share an agent. She'll take good care of you.
Calling your parents by their first names!
Great profits, great risks. --Chinese Proverb
Clock and Design offer Free shipping
Remember, for today (this week?) it could always be worse. You could be Ozzie Guillen.
I love it and I'll take it if you don't want it! super cute!! But I think you should just go for it. Maybe start with the toes...
After this weekend, Vegas will never be the same!!! Dale!!!
if they have a heart-beat, they can't be trusted.
nailed it tonight. Glad I got my vote in early to take back our state.
that's what I was thinking when she told us I was like WTF???
Another sleepless night.
Imagine 7th grade without barmitzvahs. Yeah, I know. I love jewish people too.
What a busy day! I'm just coming up for air. It's raining like crazy! I can't even see clearly outside. hope the windows r up on the truck!
The McSkillet Burrito is considerably more fun to pronounce than to digest.
As if Enter SHikari aren't doing Warped :( Gutted
the bosauce makes it...
G'morning.
pff I only read real novels like "Don't put me in coach"
Massage therapy is an invitation to reconnect with your body.
can anyone recommend some good documentaries?
o shit u from 64th and king Drive ; roll that dope with me lil homie
Going to watch PSU vs Alabama now let's go State!
Psssssssstt...museum admission is free today and the first Wednesday of every month.
Oh my god, Im not tired, at all, who's up, i abuse commas, sup?
I was talking about me. Brother-in-law is a history teacher/department head. Helps to see things from the inside.
Sat at a park contemplating a great many things.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You are an inspiration to all!
Right now i am working on poems still thinking cause poems aint that easy LOLZ
Welcome to baby Ella and congratulations to her parents!
Just picked up Narcopolis, by Jeet Thatil; page one, already hooked.
aka creeping :P it's ok I just creeped on you too haha
Off work early :)
fair enough. this likely more of a shortcoming of me not asking our ops team to start a blog :)
Come on , just because I like Rufus Wainwright doesn't mean I like showtunes ;)
I got some twitter spam from you this morning in a DM.
Oops! Sorry!
if u get tickets, any day is great to me! I picked the Wednesday last night.
BCNY Student Musicians Return to Symphony Space for Annual Concert
Late night phone calls >
The happier I am, the less time I spend on social networks.
Check the date. The bulls and money managers have put Oct. Inflows to work mow. Roll out the shorts for some swing profits
is that the name of the movie on right now on
RT last day of school tmrrw AND we get out at 10:30 :))) awh yeah !
did you see ustream yesterday?
except nesquick kicks major more butt
damn you waited this long
We look forward to hearing about your accomplishments
Have a TON of homework and heven't even started, ah
Hey guys, how are you!
that reminds me of on Cee lo's team
I will check danas and my schedule and see if we can make it.
Blueberry Ln. is hiring this month! We're interviewing now if you or someone you know has web project mgmt, HTML5/CSS, mobile app skills
Thanks buddy! Happy Birthday,Adam!
aw, well thanks mami! but you gotta know that talent usually recognizes talent...
can you believe Dwight Howard
Swag me out bitch
I wish my mom had foreseen how many freaking people my age would be named Sara. but then again, I don't know what other name I could have
Love Jimmy Johns!
1st Super Bowl Party since I was 10. But when offers you giant bottles of fancy wine and lots of truffle-covered pizza, you go.
It's #JustRead Monday. Did you finish your #FridayReads this weekend?
The "Tools" are so far ahead of the "Adopters" maybe we should take a minute to bridge the gap before adding more to the pile...
always is.
At Deerfield Classic, boys multiple winners are Princeton/Green Lake's Matt Van Scyoc (400 & long jump); Columbus, (400 & 800 relays).
wouldn't be to surprised if #tebow was headed that way.
Oh thank you beautiful!
Realized today is the 4th anniversary of #Auburn student Lauren Burk's murder. Can't believe it's been that long, AU was never the same
I'm going to tonight too! #cya weird!
so,we haven't brought up the subject of you moving to Dallas to be with me& in a while.HURRY UP AND MOVE HERE
Refrigerator Car - Spin Doctors
A pitcher looks at 4 ER and it's ugly. Buck needed something to build on. While it's 4 R, 3 ER...this is as bad as ever.
Is it just my laptop, or are many of Google's logos, favicons, and marks a bit punchier now?
Music is not just a beat. It's life written into a song..!!
Give an example of how you’ve responded quickly to guest or customer requests & needs as a priority.
WENDY'S HAS MAC & CHEESE OMG DELISH ❤❤❤❤
"Making #money is #art & #working is art & GOOD #BUSINESS IS THE BEST ART"~Warhol|Quote|#FF Art
A Noble Betrayal
adding drinking wine around a fire to my list of favorite things to do
Just used Volgistics for our annual booksale volunteer signup. Pros and Cons. Be happy to hook you up w/someone here to tell all.
you be ballin' (:
keep living in denial. Even the liberal fanatic news sources admitting awful performance on jobs.
seein it friday post a quick review if you can
Your tweet was answered for me. Apologies. I'd like to start again if you would? & Thanks for the follow. What's are you up to?
Guest bassist Charlie Himel and guest drummer Max Krucoff will be joining the house band Sunday!
well it is an absolutely AMAZING picture!:)
IT WAS THE ALL TIME LOW FREE SHOW </3
that says a lot... titles mean shit.... nuff said
To the skinny girl browsing the plus size rack at forever 21, um.
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm, till legs spread like germs.
Dinner so yummy!
I don't own a Mac and getting that bookmark to work was the hack I was referring to :-)
yeah! I hope to see u in the future... I love you.. u're so beautiful !!!
Nice combo!
Guess what? Next week is ANOTHER century week! That means 100 reps. Every station. Every time...ugh! You "like"???
.... who cares.. im tired of hearing about it..
she talking about visiting her this weekend
<~ solid #100 no flaw this way
Ugh today is dragging nd is annoying
has confirmed a spot at fEASTival 2012! My fingers are crossed that their fried pickles are on the menu :)
#Brewers comeback?!?!
Just learning how to connect with all the people out there!
Today is the day everyone! Come one, come all, call your Ma, call your Pa! Berryline is back!
Results pending. :P
just got back from work ._____. im tired
I can't stop thinking about the events of thursday night. It's cool to hear nice things, unless you're wasted and my best friends ex.
#mudmelt oil paint out of Joan's mud!? Very cool.
dumb and dumber....gotta be the best movie ever
"my ghetto name is j'corey"
Spectrum to Educate Attendees at IAHCSMM Annual Conference - PR Web (press release)
Mad Men offends me deeply. Being off the air for nearly two years is unacceptable.
Sadly, you might be right. (Sadly...)
Your account description is beautiful-- just like you and your mind. Thank you for following-- lo agradezco mucho. <13luv.
RT ": Braindead and physically unable to move anymore with and "
Skrillex and deadmau5 makes my day so much better especially when it playin through the surround sound
pretty pic! AND I loved your pilot -- fingers crossed this week!!!
another Saturday of perfect doorbelling weather! What luck!
i miss you more sam .. you and julia should come visit me soon i have my own place now
completion, by doing things (that Stanford coule) like more summer funding, etc. While every school that imposes a flat time
You're very welcome! Thank you so much for inspiring the event!
Sweet dreams! xoxo
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
We remember you girly! How could we forget!? We had so much fun with you guys, can't wait to see you this summer!
Follow !! She is an AWESOME person. :)
Can't stop thinking about the scary parts from Cabin in the Woods. This hotel room is creepy plus genius at front desk gave me a master key!
shut up squazzle
A belated thanks to your birthday wishes! :)
disdained the teaching work? I was surprised how many were unwilling to jump in. It was fun for me.
for sure. Weights are for the gym. Cardio is best for the outdoors. :-)
Homework: pick a bhag, write it & taste it to prep for next mo
YOUR SOO AMAZING AND I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND ALL I WANT IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3<3<3 IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID
The rare joy of a rental car.
dont hate me cause you aint me
Exhausted but very happy
St. Patty's Day Bash at CMC 3/17 starts at 8am!
excited to have the morning show family , Kam Karmen, and over for a BBQ!
RUN D.M.C. = The Kings of Rock
Our customer service is slow today due to no power or phone service from the recent storm in the north east. Please be patient w/us.
Back from the LPL National Conference and excited to begin work as the newest addition of the KCD PR team
songs that tell real stories >
Uhh...yeah! RT S'mores pizza!?!?! Holy moly, that sounds amazing
"hashtag never say never."
I was just at Barnes & Noble and picked up The DAM Book: Digital Asset Management for Photographers. Lots info on DAM and photo metadata.
Was the weirdest thing ever hearing his voice again. Ugh! Why did she gotta do that to me -_-
Do you have 2,000-plus Facebook friends and consider yourself a "fanatic"? We want to talk to you! Email .
cut-off
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps n a chance 2 get the game a week before the release date
on the air on east coast in 15 mins w/ intvw w & his news-making stance on #SSM. More on tmrw
2nd period have killed the Hawks this yr. Hopefully 3rd is theirs GO HAWKS!
Was asked to come in on a Tuesday to audition for a film. I'm loving the actor's life no matter what.
clarkes not on fire ? :o
RT : All These Hoes Wanna Fucc But All I Got Is One Dicc
I feel so damn tired, I may be going to bed really soon.
Today marks a year I've been in San Francisco... I'm still skeptical I actually did it.
I'm a Ga Tech prof & teaching Rebuilt to my first-year writing class this semester - many of us will be at your talk tomorrow!
I can't do this anymore.
No worries. Take your time. If I die before you finish it, you can play it at my funeral... Just kidding. :P
thats not wind coming off the bay that's #DrewBrees coming to blow your house down
I warned everyone that Devil Inside would be terrible, but we still saw it... And i was right... Shoulda seen the Muppets
that is so awesome - love seeing WOA stickers on the block !! Thx for sharing man, hope you're well !!
Soo, I'm gettinn Charges pressed on me thoo'
no i had an ear infection
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. James Barrie
"History, with its hard spine & dog-eared / Corners, will be replaced with nuance" - Tracy K. Smith, 2012 Pulitzer winner...
I have a dream of one day designing a website for you. Who designed your current "coming soon" site?
Now accepting roomate applications (:
thats really good for only doing it one year man, keep grinding fa sho...what u using?
hey come to my house 5:30 or 6:00 pm ok (: (:
The Maine tonight!!
Rental, sunroof :) RT : I hope you are driving a convertible.
We all knew where Pierce was going w/ that one. So did the Hawks
we have verb fan girling for 2 hours
No problem. Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games ever. - Bryan
Did u feel it in Portland?
So bored right now ughh
Having deadlock is not good for copyright law, and doesn't advance
keep tweeting :p
keep showing love n support...soon will be filling arenas for u and all the fans...
Watch at 6p 2nite talks to 2 cousins looking to shed the lbs with the Makeover!
We also do re-roofs, roof repairs and as general Contractors we are unlimted. 305-232-3344
Kinect software allows users to operate the Xbox 360 user interface with voice commands and hand gestures.
loved #homage, you had me laughing the whole time. when is the next project?
One should always play fair when one has the winning cards.- Oscar Wilde #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
Club for Growth endorses Richard Mourdock in Lugar race
Had a blast last night with the open mic.
Forgiveness means that you do not hold others responsible for your experiences. -Gary Zukav
You're awesome! Needed some inspiration and I got it from you! Thanks so much.
are you done with this fuckin' team?
Good performance by MGK!!
Wouldn't have worked. Tebow would know the truth.
I loved your solo!
sounds like a #Nomediacolypse. :(
we all love your stuff jen
Dorothy Sarnoff~ Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening.
Not with a bang but a whimper Ben joins the likes of Brady, Elway and Warner in losing the "Big" one... Welcome to the losers club...
Favourite colours: blue and green :D
Just saying, he's not the #2 receiving option if he plays outside. AJ -> Gresham -> Slot WR -> You -> Edwards
What goes around comes vack around.... <3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Be a Good Boss tip: what matters most is how you treat people. It sets the tone for the library
Trip home Be safe, Glad you get to see your family <3
Vintage games and wine w/ Hip beyond belief.
looking for shipping experts, anyone out there have a few minutes to chat with a writer?
So apparently I am now taken. Awesome
everything hurts
If u guys don't have nothing to say nice about , then don't say it. Keep off her twitter page u bunch of a**hole bullies.
ill probably be heading home on Monday, not entirely sure.. If not, expect the horse n buggy
you look great, doll! i sense more #trending for you! xx
nope, im here until 9am
oh if I could get one u know I'd be all about it!
From " I support Becca in being Maximum Becca." Hard to argue with.
Thanks! :-) Glad you liked it, and thanks for bringing it out of me with
My house has to be freezing in order for me to sleep good. And the ceiling fan has to be on full blast!!!
Why would they get a run there?
Lumos Networks Corp. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
I'm six years free of breast cancer . Have a unique story to tell but not for all ears on here.
Omg i get so scared for nolan
We already have a few different timepieces in mind, I just want to see what you all think before we pull the trigger.
Education and SLOs need to be about student learning, not about getting something right.
I'd send you one, but we don't have any, save for the random ones fans make themselves.
Some days taste like lemonade.....
Coffee shop. to hostess: "Is my dad here? He's the guy who gets the hamburger all the time."
rematch or what?!?!!?
Not really they didn't want to pay him a 28 million roster bonus and they want their #1 pick to play right away.
January 17th free webinar: Amendment to Rule 1.720 - Cert of Mediation Authority - 220 attendees - hope you can join us!
Thank you much for the RT! Enjoy your day.
it's on at 1pm est on cbs but you live in bigten area
Kansas may just get housed tonight
This shoot was so great that I used up every available memory card & then shot tethered.
At #Rice3DS listening to company pitches.
A man with long, dark eyelashes and bushy eyebrows... FINE!
In the lab time work
Jesus mary and joseph
I can honestly say today was a tough day. But God is In control. I'm not going to worry about a thing!
can Doug just tell his team to drive to the basket? This team is the reject Milwaukee Bucks with ray allen
Get a little bit nuts everyday.
Please let me know if you need a good speaker for the next
Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; patient's knowledge, capabilities and attitude can vary greatly during their journey
were we gotta meet them at if we wanna go
actually, i think that would totally work, but you should totally go with your gut.
These people follow back :) FOLLOW THEM!
I agree!! only thing better is a hotel in the tropics..
Hooray! My birthday is being celebrated in the air! Flying home from #aam2012 . Tons of fun!
Capacity crowd here with #westofthefest ! is next!
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
LMAO, that is old news neither is Kim.
Uggh why is it so hot?
Danny b with the goal. Tie game 3-3
Please and thanks go a long ways. Mashup would simply like to thank YOU, our fans/users today! You guys rock! :)
oh geez hun :/
Duhh so am i
I will def be praying for you all. She didnt deserve to go that way. No one does. :(
To create success, to build you dream business you don't have to do impossible, just consistently, day in day out do the little things.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
it's funny how you get off twitter and don't hear from nobody. I havent heard from you, your brother WOW
Blaaahh. <--- that's how I feel.
Travel & change of place impart new vigor to the mind. Seneca / Enjoy other cultures, see creation, & realize that generosity matters!
Anybody got a good book recommendation? I Ned an audio file for my walk to work..
cool! That's actually what I was gonna talk to Austin about haha
People are so stupid
I think I may finally have a day to play sum #BF3 I need to practice :-(
Sorry, I'm a Champion...
#occupytowson has received access to If A Tree Falls documentary. A screening at 2640 this weekend or next a good idea?
Do it.
Pickup Line: Do you work for UPS? 'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!
Peggggyyy im here to win!!!!!
Learn how to handle data between views and between app executions for mobile apps
Just make sure you are not standing in front of the Muni at the same time. Probably not the change of perspective you need.
I wish I had been born with naturally long eyelashes
Hey, DH has infiltrated the AHA too! You just have to know where to look!
at least next year's schedule will be easier! still loving the #colts - we will get thru this!!!
OH MY, I KNOW..#10 IN DA WHOLE WORLD..GONNA BE HARDER TO WORK DOWN 2 #1 4 DA WHOLE GLOBE..BUT WE SHALL PERSEVERE!!..T/F/S..
Good morning everyone
Went thru the bottom
radness dude! Great pic and products!!
Wanda Jackson tonight Late show! Be there!
just ate so much :0 gahh >.<
“: #WeAllNeed someone who makes you feel alive.”
that's nice, how much is metro fare?
Damn. An hour ago I had 100 followers. Now, 99. Was it something I said? Everything I said? :)
If only my bestfriend could spell lesbian right
Oh! I def. can't for the next 4 wks. at least! ;( Travel sched. is tighter than a virgin right now! Dinner will be SOON!!!
have a good day at school
RIP Carroll Shelby. You were a great man with a great mind. An inspiration. You will be missed.
Hey Seattleites, what's the best thing that happened to you this week?
Feel better chica! Let me know if u need anything ;)
#UnitedversusCity #premierleaguetitlerace...theysaid it was All Over...it Is'N't NOW !!!!!............
Well then, a warm hello to the fellow New Englanders!
W.e
how cool!!!
Never have a "cheat day"... Only have a cheat meal or snack!
that is sad
Flynn's girl saying he will go back to wearing #15...you need to charge at least $250k for that if true.
#FreeCoffee in our office at 6339 Bunche Hall for 10th Week! Stop by between 10AM-2PM for your caffeine fix & donuts, while supplies last.
So, I may or may not have eaten jr mints instead of brushing my teeth tonight. It tastes the same, doesn't that count?
I love #deadliestcatch but perhaps you should be responsible enough the explain WHY quotas were cut in half. Overfishing!
"Why doesn't anyone do any original musicals anymore?" - Debra Messing's character 'Julia' on "Smash" Yeah, we couldn't agree more.
Louis bum(: xx
Hm... I'm sure I could be doing something more interesting, somewhere else, than browsing Internet and twitting.
Happy Doctors' Day to all physicians, especially our Texas family physician members!
My boss just dropped off an article that is my parting gift from him as he leaves the company. It's about self confidence. for me????
Enjoyed Judy Hayden's _New Science and Women's Literary Discourse_. Writing review for Journal of British Studies
WOW! Thanks so much to all of my new followers, I look forward to your tweets as well! :)
Miss you too!
doing pretty good tonight!
If you want to really know someone look at their circle of friends, who they are closest to in tough times, and the causes they support!
Lol« @ me or dap me RT : Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!»
A fire could happen in your home when you least expect it! If your fire detector is over 8 years old, it’s time to replace it.
Teenagers can be so mean. What are you getting out of making fun of her. You are just making an ass of yourself.
But as I said before, we can all agree to disagree!! :)
Im bring the Kush Hour the Bay Area and LA next month
"When you pray, say: 'Give us each day our daily bread'" -Luke 11:2,3
Jae-Wan Live @ The Airliner Friday Oct 7th
Those who do not seek the ultimate state of liberation pursue their selfish interest for material gain.
Free 10 minute massages at Yates tomorrow from 11-5! Word on the street is that they're excellent (and not sketchy! awesome!).
Less turnovers, and more inside shots
Our parents are seeing Seinfeld tomorrow... They didn't even get us tickets!
Fill in the blank posts generate 90% more engagement than the average text post.
S/O to my other new follower
is putting the Blackberry up and switching back to the Motorola Razor. The Pearl kept dialing people's numbers; the trackball kept sticking.
“ My SOLs next week , times is getting hard. What I'm finna do???? CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD! Ain't no failing on this blvd”
lol! Kool! What r u watching?
glad to hear you are ok! Good luck Sunday
Avoid damaging & eroding water stains. We recommend a clay wash & detail after rainy days. Call for after rain specials (619) 928-4848!
what was it? Not enough challenge?
Mostly pertains to formatting issues during compile, Unicode support, cursor disappearance. Also, can't copy and paste tables.
Thank you! Mystery solved! :)
Come here! We'd love to have you!
im so sunburn :(
Sipping free Starbucks this morning thanks in part to awesome teamwork from Next coffee's on me, lady!
LOL! "Butt Out premieres this Thursday at 8!"
A.J. Jenkins is slippery in space. The name of his game is qkness & speed. We like him alot but we didn't have him in the 1st
Such fucking bullshit, everybody @ the restaurant was 20-30 years older than our group. #Fuckthis shit. Then I got 2 see all the happydrunks
AAAAHHHHH ITS SO HARD TO CHOOSE!!!
Well didnt disappoint...i gotta admit. Although she wasnt as dangerous as we thought. Thanks Allie!
enough is...... well, enough. As in I have had..... enough. At least for now.
Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me I just wish would find me
you're SO right about that!!
RT If you remember' Hip Hop Harry.(Follow Me!!!)
Add "amazeballs" to the list of words that make me incredibly irritated for no real reason
Ugh. When can I see you?
We are now on application #130133 - Ronald King.
his best in a long while
All yours. For some time now, people have been telling me I missed my calling and I should be the style editor.
more Dino BBQ? We caught your show on Friday. Come dj wifey's party. MSG me
#GMCC Business Expo days away
.. but then my board flew from under me, i fell on my side, broke a rib or two, & now i'm too much of a puss to give it a 2nd go
many are listed on my website, nwtekno.org, and take place at a variety of venues around the city
guilty until proven innocent...? uh, what?
Yeah! Me and my friends are gonna wear mismatched clothes on the last day of school.
I submit taxes via snailmail.
Gorgeous morning in the nation's capitol.
Got accepted into Murray State! :)
I just screamed at my mother for saying that more mainstream music needs to play at warped.......:| AWWW-HELL-NA
Oh, I'd follow Twitter's advice and unfollow me if they think it's the right thing to do... not going up against the allmighty!
Yes. RT : Senses overloaded, faces sunburned, minds melted, voices shot. Coming home.
oh my how did I miss that? I'll def check that out! Thanks for the heads up!
Finally someone!! Hey there.
Does anyone know if Brighton Beach is open this week?
Since when can't we say "drink" or "smoke" on the radio?
Ok. Like the Doritos commercial with grandma and baby.
HAPPY FRIDAY! Good time to talk BURGERS – THE 15 WORST ONES! A hamburger isn't, by itself, a bad nutritional choice. You can pretty much fi…
Ppl aren't reliable it's annoying -____-
After jazzfest, swing by tonight to cool off and grab a delicious cocktail courtesy of Bar Manager Dallas Ray.
Good luck with whatever it is. Sending hugs and good vibes your way
Wow. Our hotel is nice.
People aren't looking at the big picture...Owners, owners, owners...
OMG Im sorry! ): Now I feel bad!
In trading just like climbing, one bad move can leave hanging in a very precarious position. Choose your battles and choose them well.
He's clearly distanced himself this season from both Blake #Griffin and LaMarcus #Aldridge as the best 4 in the game.
Who woulda thought life could be this sweet, got me cheesin from cheek to cheek, n I aint get away for nothin cuz that jus aint my style..!
Hey fans...join us directly across from Prucenter before & after the concert!!! Shot specials!
Just in: Jared solo set at Googie's Lounge (Living Room upstairs) Sat. 2/26 at 7:30!
Running around downtown to get my moms boyfriend out of jail.
CRADLE 2 THA GRAVE N A SWISHA IM STRAIGHT
I'm hoping it's Benny Ayala RT : Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore
Congratulations ! Nice job!
my dislike of HP is completely irrational since I've never read them :-X I can't wait to start Infinite Jest!
hahaha want me to sign it?
Can't wait to finish these tracks up!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
I prefer 96ing over 69ing on most days.
My dream job is to work for ESPN
Perfect day for crabs....
Hey girl! You should check out ! www.myspace.com/goodluckjane then let me kow what you think! Thanks!:)
with Italian soda in it I think too
Amen BF!! That tweet has me singin "Woke up this mornin with my mind / stayed on Jesus!!!"
not the busting of the account but the getting the 50k vpps obv
#asksarah Why are you so popular on twitter?
#prettylittleliars I love #aria&jason
you're welcome! Can't wait to share with my colleagues at American University
I'll put 's Led Zeppelin collection up against anybody...cool wife, cool life.
I know I won't, if I was reaching for that- I'd go elsewhere. Sit at the bar. Everywhere. Immediate service.
pics or it didn't happen.
I'm a Chris Brogan follower! RT : Tell me something good about yourself?
so very true. Merry Christmas.
I'm sending some email love... we need to catch up
A wonderful Good Morning New York!
hope all is well is the Gamel household!
My nap was awesome today.
Why doesn't #Knicks Carmelo Anthony have a deal with the candy bar Caramello? Seems like a perfect fit. Great candy bar too
I just don't understand.
playing in the snow at 2 am
Social apps top mobile activity, marketing campaigns
haha. too cute! thanks for the RT :D
pictures are worth a thousand words. You can see for yourself... =)
Ugh I hate it when I can't sleep. Need to get some #midnightloving . Holla back if u know what I'm talking about.
Thanks for the RT. Happy Monday!
Omg 2day my teacher told us shes having a boy I told her she should name him justin the middle name should b drew she said ill thinkboutit.
Come on Swisher, redeem yourself!
Just had a storage facility start following me. #wtf? I'm expecting snarky jokes about empty buildings and roll-up doors.
Y'all lost it on the 1yd line. Lol. Even after Aj Hawk gave you a second chance.
well, it seems like they are fighting. it looks like niall and louis are mad at each other, and harry and zayn for something
364 days until
Hey #republicans You can not be #prolife and be #prowar and antihealthcare
Cheers! RT : So so so PUMPED for the Lager House to open Feb. 6 2012. , I heart you!
#NFLDraft has to be one of the most unpredictable sports events yet one of the most important. Interested to see how it works out
ha ha ha supafreakkkk
So I heard you like water... Good, you already like 70% of me. <3
Been stuck in Kentucky for 3 hours.. fml!!!!
RT : Denver Monday Deal! txt DENVER RIOTRIO to 63638 for a 3 course dinner incl soup/salad, fajita combo, + dessert! $21.95...
Am off today no work for me all play
Who’s comin to Brews & Bites in !?
FYI, my MIL, who is hard core Repub, is voting for Obama 2012. So, that tells you something.
YUM! From the Reset menu? >>RT : This pic doesn't give my dinner justice! Apparently, I'm a huge fan of squash... Who...
What are we smoking anyway?
Reminisce of the Isaiah Thomas injury, Chaunceys career looks 2 be over, suxs for the Clips who could have used the experience come playoffs
“: *Baby burps*: 'Awww, that's so cute!' *I burp*: 'OMG! Say excuse me!, you're so disgusting!'”
can you please play Justin Bieber Boyfriend Please?! (: Thanks(: <3
naw time heals all
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes>> "Taxes are what we pay for civilized society."
God morning #LosAngeles !!!!!
DIYers-How do you stay focused when something unexpected happens?
| Our pleasure! Thanks!
what is that one and how do I get it?
good and u?
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world. -Merlin
u ever think about people u use to talk to and be like what did I like about him or her their lame then u got the one's u adored lol
Is it friday yet?
18/23 neither has Padres on for me on COX
The reality is our POTUS respects women and its apparent by the way he treats his wife and girls AND how he relates to women in general.
thank you, Allagash Black, thank you
OY VEY! Bagel-Good job at The Lovitz last night,you had some funny material-We are headed to Western this AM let us nosh bagles!
Ohemgee , That pic of the jersey for , whom I never had the pleasure of meeting, just broke my heart.
we love helping connect folks out there...any writers, musicians, actors need help with expanding their network, we more than gladly will...
great also a test wouldnt get this response shithead. let me finish working. Oh unfollow me. Thats too funny text shows it
Great game! RT : Nash on Shannon Brown's 32 point performance: "Shannon was fantastic."
I want to french kiss anyone who asks a good question at a book reading cc
Bruce now raving up Animals Strumming and singing we gotta get outta this place Eric Burdon at later
I appreciate you following me!
Cynthia is just flinging that hair all over the place!
Although I hate packing more than anything, I never cease to amaze myself with my awesome packing abilities!
Had fun on the social stream with austin<3
On the other hand, I haven't married my adopted daughter, so i beat him in that category!
Haters in the building!!!
Debating if I should get one of those Taco Bell Dorito Taco things... I'm a little frightened by it. <3Allen
Have fun at Second City today with Hope you guys laugh the entire time!!! : )
you a watch it?
nah lol I was wondering the same thing
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter. I don't mind and you don't matter.
"I just want to be pure."
"Like" this if you agree: A guy with an accent is HOT no matter what he looks like
RT : Hey #sacramento! If you're near Esquire IMAX please come in! Doing a quick video... and need some extra bodies right now.
At documentary screening "My Thiero Boys" on single mom Vana Theiro raising 2 boys with autism
Where was this happening to you? LOL..
It's sad that friendships are ruined for the sake of appealing to another person. Is their attention and presence that important?
WAS IT BAD?
You gain intelligence by seeking it outside of classrooms.
I absolutely in love with
Onward to UHouston for a DH workshop!
i'm doing great! what up?
Every day is Mother's Day in a happy house.
I guess I just see Staal still as an asset, regular season and post season
Thank you so much Allison!
you said you love me but now ur flippin like reciprocals
NFL lockout is over! Now, how can we keep the Chargers in SD?
Happy that the Dodgers won their first game. There getting a shoutout on the show. Who else wants a shoutout?
I gotta let you know that this is mutual
Wait, I want to change mine to 35.
haha candy! You?! (;
Another week of school fml
YES! So come with me to NOLA next week!!
just saw a wild turkey in our backyard...
hope yall happy
Mute point. Churches fundamentally answer to a God and not congregations or followers.
Families w/ kids enjoy peace of mind knowing children can play safely in the streets and enjoy shuttle bus services between buildings!
Spent day matching Mexican food (Sunrise Cafe) Dripping Springs with Austin Customs wine. Wow. Love authentic with wine. Hardly drank a drop
Can't hold Asik for shit... Woo
Spending my day off with some friends. Summer weather! I love you all!
If anyone is around the D-Sho tonight and wants to stop by for some patio time, bring a bottle, be fun and text me if interested.
I would marry a girl if she got on spidaman undies wen i first meet here
so lazy. ugh I want to go to Disneyland!
Watched all the episodes online of the new show Scandal... #imaddicted lol definitely one of my new fav's!
Are you our goalie for tomm?
Omfg they have tater tots in philly still! CHEESE TOTS!!!
Yeah on Sunday with Gonna be crazy. The crowds always so intense at Nsn shows.
ooh. good stuff.
Thanks so much for sharing. Happy Thursday!
Eating and watching criminal minds u missing it
#ireallywant for things to be different
dropbox me bro! wont be there til tomorrow
im very happy! was answered me!:D:) <3 love him!
she beating me up cause your "mad" at her so yeah
Really want to go out for a snack, now if only they'd catch the guy who is apparently running around FoBo with a gun...
Traffic is exceptionally good today
it's ALOT of work. This series was even more challenging bc I only had 2 days to prep and 5 recording days per book. All fun, tho!
the curse is not real.
Lesson 1, most important of all: you learn by doing, not by watching others do. 2: no mgmt issues if deeply engaged
Very excited about getting our first blo at Mary Brickell Village! Thanks ladies!
I'm on vacation...who cares..lol. but I would say farm equipment or use at a camp.
Thanks for following!!! You guys rock! Enjoy the rest of your week!
Fascinating comment thread on The Boat Race see for example comment by RoyalSuperiorityUK at...
So Colts drop nearly everyone & how do we start replacing them? Filling them in with Stanfords roster? Any other Cardinals we can take
you know you remind me a lot of my pinkie toe, I know eventually i'm gonna bang you on the table! ;)
i know =/ well ill be around soon enough!! just tell ppl out here about me so i can come back! =)
Got To Get A Better Bed Getting Tired Of Waking Up With My Neck & Back Hurting
yeah:D and yes i know i watched him on ellen
There's a lot of ups and downs on this roadd
her phone dead and somebody hit her car
You might have to stop at to get me a new shirt. The bag situation isn't looking too promising.
I agree, I don't want to talk shop all the time! We are entertainers afterall, we should be able to entertain each other ;)
Marshawn Lynch just went BEAST MODE on Philly! Insane run!
MT EVERYONE can do SOMETHING! Donate $5, write letter to ed, knock on doors, display yard sign...
"Trader Joe's is a great place to pick up women." , while having hand surgery.
Trying to make it through the next couple of days and gearing up for another four-day weekend. Need more of those in my life...
USC w/o... the seahawks are way more than a coach and a year from even 7 wins.
RT : we heard your breakout session 4 Social Media 4 logistics was amazing. Well Done!
My subs bump... My mirror falls off again. Shit.
that's too much swag for Kanye lol :) wonder if they met them too, coz if they did that would be very swaggie!!!
Gonna try positive
well of course!
Put a picture on facebook!
Don't feel good at all. I think I need to lay down. :(
can we have the link
YA!!!!!! I want more followers!!! and leaders!!! and people to stand by myside!!!! and above me and below me!!!
Tay, you are going to love the fans and crowds in #TACOMA #GUARENTEED love you swifty ! :D
itS RiDiCuLoUs hOw DeY WaNNa PuT tHeiR LiPs oN DiSs dUn KiSs Me RiTe DeA.. BaBy BoY iM TiCkLiSh...
Trends at ACE shaving the side of yo head, big ass buns nd bangs nd for the boys boxes nd dreads
I love you, Flavia. Do you know anything exciting happening within th next week/week and a half?
Finding a good monologue is hard I think it time for a break so I can mail out these Christmas gifts.
You know the nicest ppl! Got to hang out in ATL with She's da bomb! Were your ears burning?
great now we'll have to hear all the tech bloggers Lingering in NYC
Tip #146: Are you doing all that you are required to do or all that you can do? Do all that you can do, not just what you are required to do
We enable our clients and their loved ones to enjoy a better quality of life in the sunset years
Meeting with the "oober creative and talented" Cheryl Richards (publisher of the UL Magazine) that my columns are in.
yes yes yes yes!!!! Very hip my friend!! Beautiful sound!!
Need Tons & Tons of Prospects? Use this SECRET in *EBAY*
Ppl are laughing and joking in the lib like studying is fun
This will probably be an added upset to the perception of the stability of the Democratic Party
#BrooklynNets looking to sign a 3yr deal with Andrei Kirilenko for next year according to SI
One of my followers just informed me that the egg in the default picture is an unborn bird, you know, egg. Never made the connection
Leaving Miami today! I had so much fun! :)
did you text me back or is my phone just being stupid?
You really mucked that one up, you should always plan your vacations around iPhone updates. 3.0 is fun, not that different tho
needs to put on slow-mo!
I feel like this week is going to be bad .
3,000 tweet goes to my girlfriend. Happy one month ma pwincess!!! <3
I sent that at 10 o'clock, ass fuck <3
I would love that. Almost gave up today.
Just booked the final Redfish trip of 2011. Staying at The Dunes in Port Aransas & going with redfish guide Gary Cooper. Can't wait!!
Hammond reacted to a prediction that a computer would win a Pulitzer within 20 years. He disagreed. It would happen, he said, in five.
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown! Am I wrong?
Youre saying a revolution is what's needed.
yes, this
#NowPlaying A Night Off - Drake ft. Lloyd
Let's go #Drexel Dragons!
Just got home from work... I want to relax.
every girl is a FREAK " it just take the right ngga to bring it out !
How has not gotten his first kiss ? o.o
I think it's a falafel kind of day!
Great story on by 's test batch of Cheeky Yinzer was tasting good. Psyched for all 3 beers!
I wish you'd freaking text me. It's like.. Killing me. 👎
Eta chapter officers are about to begin the Spring 2012 retreat! Be in prayer over the next day and a half as we plan out the semester!
Hey everybody we will have the fight on tonight after the Heat game at Kyma lounge, first floor of the EPIC hotel.
Seriously Twitter. Let me upload my pics now! Its been like a week.
That pretty much sums it all up.
I actually spin more in the summer..perfect thing to do in the sunshine on my deck!
chase! where'd ya go? :(
I love the funnies :)
Gonna try going veg here myself.
So I'll drive so fuckin far away that I never cross your mind. And do whatever it takes in your heart to leave me behind.
They decided to throw a full ass jug of water at me. Lmbo thanks guys.
oh wow I'm super excited now ☺❤
oh yes! poreotics are amazing!
can not wait for the exciting news! Love you! I mean it;)
Big fan of the M building, but does it really need it's own Twitter account?!
Haha that's what I was thinking when I just read Justin's tweet.
I was just thinking about you. I miss you AND your voice too! Can we please reconnect? (that sounded as weird as intended)
"The Social Network" wasn't that great of a movie. Straining yourself to actually hear what the actors are saying is not entertaining!
I like the finer things
I will be on wheel of fortune before I die
Doing auditions today. Oh yea!
“: #songwriting Rules are for fools.”
hey, it's boyz. be as selfish as you want. we're all like that ;) just keep writing it. omg.
Had a productive day off, dishes, laundry, walk with the dog kid, laptop repaired, caught up on Power Point class. An accomplished day.
For the best weight loss results, exercise is a must. It will also make you feel great and think more clearly.
Risk is it's often own reward... but, calculate how much loss you can afford. Happy New Year's Eve And Mind your steps when you leave.
I can't be old. I can't be fat. I can't be like those one people. I'll never get pragmatics. I'll never have healthy connective tissue.
Thanks, and for hosting a wonderful event last night! Hope everyone had a great time.
#madewithpaper almost as beautiful as paper itself. Wish it offered a public API!
I'm finally on #4750 at work! L0l
What's with all your quote posts? That's exactly what I used to do...when there was something wrong.. :/
not to be all Judgy McJudgerson, but u watch too many movies. See some live theater - it needs and loves you more than The Help!
Nope! She's
Just me and my music till I fall asleep. Goodnight world !
he fighting ?
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. Serious question, I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Now you've got me wondering: Do I send tweets to my computer? Or to AT&T, via my Mac 'AirPort'?
MVP Systems Software Adds New Microsoft Dynamics Adaptor to JAMS Job Scheduler
...if we haven't yet I will now :-)
You diddn’t even go!
The phrase "When it rains it pours" definitely doesn't just apply to the weather today..
I love when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke.
eh dont feel bad. i last like an hour and a half in the shower
Not the news, but just as real, are the stony hills at night with no one on them, the wind through the yuccas, the sounds of birds asleep.
Thanks for support
