Jaybird! IT'S WANTED WEDNESDAY!!!!!! *slaps someone*
bahah he gets annoyed with me obsessing over justin x)
Been hella busy, new mix coming the second I get a break! #somanynewtunes :D :D :D
Dearest Randy...be strong, I know your brother was strong he sung about might and love and he knew trickery..Prayers to u!
oh cool what they say
ohh pues sí quieres. I don't want you to waste gas dude.
Straight up Gangsta!
mine keeps unfollowing people. never had it add more. so long as you keep following me it's all good. <3
sounds awesome looking forward to the photos
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Touch 3G, Totally free 3G + Wi-Fi, six" E Ink Display - includes
Don't forget to come hang out at Numbers on the 20th!! Who will we be seeing?!
what you eat plays a big role, but also I like leg lifts and core exercises like push ups and planks too!
Finally an early nights sleep. I needed this
Guess it'll be cereal.
thank you for the support :) whats up!
This time I read it and thought undignified and futile
My pleasure! RT: Glad to do it... Thanks for tweeting the link, Jessica! ^KH"
On a flight to Milwaukee with the great Paul Molitor! Ignite those engines!!!
After that weekend of "Festival of Carols," it's time to recuperate...before Messiah creeps up in 10 days.
Tebow seems to better out of the pocket when he's passing.
Excited about about the fights! Woohoo!
does Rive Tweet?
I wish I can listen to alternative classical music besides piano... Lol nobody I know makes fun of ballet. I would kick em
Another song inspired by Bush... It's official. He's not a fan.
should of cut 1/4 of the blonde
"Social networks are a waste of time in general" as you continue to tweet. You've got a point!
Just got back from a bike ride. Froze my junior mints off.
Going to dig into some before going out into the #MidPoint Music Festival. They are MPMF's longest running sponsor!
My team created A full package of Google Image ads for Gwinnett Medical Center. Ads support Imaging services. Ads have motion & click tags.
Well congrats to me.....
I dislike slow talkers who use long pauses. #laxgrad2012 blah blah.... Blah...
good day today, tracked vocals for gorilla fight... Submitted music for a movie and finished up some editing,.. #yessir 
no, only chili does that
Where was Kyle when he hit that shot? Outside the building with the Jordan statue?
thanks you for following back
#U.S. #women earn final spot in
Its Official! Feb. 1st Im Headed Up North D.C. Here I Come - BAM!!!!
2 all my new #narcolepsy friends- have any of you been on #xyrem? Do you report ur condition to HR? Do they need 2 know about my condition?
Gnight Greg Kick butt tomorrow and #BeGREAT Happy Thanksgiving!
#Np "Get Money" Jr Mafia
almost 2,000 fans! Let's get it up to 3,000 in the next month!
We love Smiley Miley! Still a smiler (':
And why wasn't "Margin Call" up for a clutch of Oscars? Makes "Moneyball" look like "Gilligan's Island."
Def Leppard and Poison! Retweet if you are going!
. Thanks for the RT. You know wassup!
In Etan Patz Disappearance, Search Is On 33 Years Later The authorities are digging for remains in the basement of a building near where
Bella can i pretty please get a follow it would mean the world to me!!! <333 :))))
Oomf got me dead tired
And I say that despite having wanted the losers to go through on both days.
Cueto on the mound for the rubber game? I like our chances.
I should have hibernated longer.
Tumblr and music are always there (:
I'll always love you.
Its a pretty simple mathematical equation: Jack Daniels = Drunk ~EpicMealTime haha
:congratulations! couples like you & ferris bring sunshine in the world.
My bus stop smells particularly urine-y today
dare I say fruitastic?
Why won't this cold go away? Praying for it to clear up so I can sing on new Year's Eve!!
<--- shoutout to our new follower
a freak thou lol
Bikes, basketball, and BBQ. GOOD DAY.
Looking forward to my first day back to #KidsHope today!
How embarrassing, I totally forgot the sides
We play a gig every week next month thats freakin perfect
I was actually making a feminist point. That there's something abt being a funny chick that's a little bit androgynous. (cont )
Why it ain't nobody at church.!?
Perkins is having a pretty good night. But he looks so pissed as always! Lol
Can he return for the match??
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other p
So glad I could help out at What a great event!
Whatever happened over the weekend doesn't count if you don't remember it right?
#blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation: #1 predictor of future success is mother's education.
Across dusty Egypt, anxiety has filled the air
We've cast our vote in the Board elections - looking forward to some great new board members!
Haha. My Bad. I can be kind of a pollutant of the mind.
Love life. Y'all should love it to! :-)
season finale of #csi (vegas, the best!) tonite looks2b an edge of ur seat action packed episode. already can't wait4the new season!
i want to tell you that I keep on praying love will find you where you are
yes it is indeed.
Get out an vote tomorrow people!!!
Quite possibly :)
Sharron Angle has tweeted she expected to be down about 35k votes at this point, down 40k. It was expected. Exit polls were in Angles favor.
Thanks, LeEllen! We miss you.
This is actually a commercial I just saw.
it is not quite as bad! Have a great time!
Woe is me, Woe is me, I lost the EPYD endorsement!! The prince has 14 & I have 2. The good thing I have not lost my hardy appetite!
I could never understand the camping thing. Why camp when there are buildings & indoor plumbing?
The American mass media have achieved what American political might could not: World domination. ~Akbar S. Ahmed
If that was your ham and cheese in the little fridge by Lane's desk, thanks.
(Thank you Father) Happy Birthday to your son Happy holidays, happy holidays Happy holidays to you. New Edition
wow. The. Worst. Cliche. Ever.
Literally so tempted to go get McDonalds. 🍟🍔
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
omg google it! One you have babies out of, and one you pee out of!
I knew you'd come back to me.
see it? When Aguero scored I was so high in the air I could have dunked over LeBron. Astonishing finish.
i would love to keep hearing from dorks on the internet why they like Rush. my goal is to collect enough reasons to change my own views.
no one direction is best 1d forever
F'riz. The #Pride aftermath on Halstead is...almost better than the parade.
Hi Mark - Happy #WW to my favorite bank prez! Thanks for the mention!
Actually, he is an Arizona Cardinal.
The Miracle Social Worker
you ain't spit one for the homeless dude
definitely soon!
Get more auditions, you have more chances. And when the auditions aren't precious jewels, you can relax and give your best audition.
doing great just wrapping up w Freshman Year went by fast and doing music right now
Oh how I loathe you i480
not to self: only use the term "yolo" in the note of sarcasm. Lol
How bout that ? Torres with a hat trick!
Me too! :) good luck, to both of us!
enjoy your break it is well deserved!
Is it Friday yet? I wanna see and meet considering this is my valentines gift 🎸🎤
How did you know what I'm having for dinner tonight? :)
aw!!! RT : Jamming to on this rainy Thursday.
Get your free chicken meal from kfc at unthinkfc.com
The only people who are following me now are porn sites. I must be doing something right.
back in miami and already raging
Rocking out to avril lavigne with my bro and sis...good summer vibes
Happy Belated, Tobin!
I live in Ohio near Cincinnati
A-Gon leads the Sox in pretty much every relevant offensive category sans SB's.
New Diebomb is gonna be pimp!
Sounds like one hell of a journey!!
GB! SONG OF THE DAY:GIVE ME TONIGHT-George Benson
I have a +1 for the preview Frieze New York tomorrow. Anyone want to join me?!
Have a fancy programmable coffeemaker so the coffee is ready when I get up, but haven't programmed myself to load it before bed.
Driver needed for Sprinter van from NYC to Miami today. $250/day. Driver will stay overnight in Miami upon arrival & flown home next day.
"Death is supposed to be about finality - but really it's about losing everyone you love." Found myself a glass-half-empty type philosopher.
I love all access' dj retweets. " #RIPMCA we love you!" *goes back to playing led zeppelin, Adele, poison, etc...
Congrats to the PPS for being named one of the top public school systems in a large US city!
Good night twitter friends
DEAD POPULAR CHARACTERS AND BARE WOMEN'S FEET EVERYWHERE! *flail*
Sometimes you just need a Dr. Pepper.
thanks a ton!
TUES 9/13 DONT MISS THE "ALL IN VARIETY SHOW" NYC HOSTED BY "JACKIE DA MODEL" MUSIC BY & DJ FINAL FAZE COME THRU!
Abraham Maslow~ If the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Steve Blake Sorry but, see ya!
kudos to #Spurrier. Pay the players!
O M G I still have a headache -__-
just did
Last year & showed their support for #TrevorLive, we wonder who will arrive in style tonight at ?
forever and a day
Someone, anyone, entertain me!
Balls Deep
Hey, thanks so much!
Gardening is healthy: Digging in the dirt can ease stress, keep you limber, and even improve your mood..!
My weekend starts now.
Just finished day 1 of Cello Fury rock camp 2010! Already have a sore throat---Si
RT : Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :)
Not at all...except for the occasional zipcar.
But it's also very apparent that I don't either. Just keeping it real, not play play.
RT : well it's a veryy hot day on a tough course but they're doin ok!
I hate when you're so tired you can't sleep. How does that even make sense?
so far so good.
Love it. I also love your sign in the middle of the table for the learning station.
Yay! Aw, baby showers are so cute! You have to post a pic or two!
Congrats #Cleveland #Browns, you missed out on ALL of the qb options available.....again.
I'd give this chat a 7 (out of 10) “: co-sign. ~ What's disappointing is seeing everyone buying into it.”
Day started off with Sunshine, Rain, Snow, Beautiful Sunshine, Heavy Rainfall - spring forecast anyone?
Geting ready for the playoffs..going to chill back and wach the game...
I followed :D
Money can't buy class!
Yah! Thanks Craftfoxes! Hope to see you ate Ballston this Saturday!
First up 30 minutes of AMAZING RACE with Brenchel.
I hope so too, I miss you guys already! Thanks again and don't forget me. ;)
OK so much to tell you (: xoxo
oh god, too many movie title hoe jokes! MUST. CONTROL. TWEETING.
BEANS!!!!! Omg he looks like a fucking rapist!!
Now Selling: New Homes in Atlanta&#39;s Exurb Communities
This Weekends picks CFB Notre Dame vs Michigan over 46 USC -7 vs Ohio St. NFL Green Bay -4 vs Chicago. Good luck and lets crush The Man!
is that really worth bragging about?
Visited San Diego County Voter Registration and learned that there is available a certified statement of voting - could be good for ID! Best
please follow me <3 i vote for u :D
Clean sheets after a long weekend are the
Our big stained glass window looks so beautiful at this time of day! Stop by and check it out!
Totes pumped to hang with & to watch
Usually I'm waiting at daughters dance studio 4 #IntDesignerChat “: >amazing squeeze in from a taxi in LA”
following a person down the hallway because u like the song theyre blasting in their headphones.
well, congrats then. Majority of public schools don't.
And boy was I wrong!
Do you have my new number?
Dang! Bonus points for the album name.
Thanks for the follow! I am a big fan of your work and love how you are supporting women in growing their biz!
I don't... cope well. I have poor coping strategies. My kids hadn't seen these great grandparents for a while so they're mostly fine.
RT Indy Bike Hub YMCA Ribbon was cut today! Farmers' Market, too! So much happening at your City Market.
I know a hoes be fucking niggas for breakfast after da club ....u. know ....
Why is it so easy to find sex when its so hard to find love
jfdngdhnstr he's so tan.
Husband used to work for now-defunct Walking Magazine. Sad but true: America does need a pub to remind them to walk!
things never said: I like Morrissey like a moafukin boss!
Next on the , offers his fantasy baseball expertise. Call or text in your questions now!
I would like to see tweets on college tuition, education, and healthcare
Nuttin to do
I couldn't stop it. It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion.
thanks for all the work you've done to design our logo. We're so excited about it!
When Newt came through Atlanta this week he was attacked by zombies--wasn't their taste....they spit him out.
. how are the doors today?! #BeatFL cc:
it's getting bad when 7.5 hours of sleep isn't enough for me.
ooh good idea!! Looking forward to the transcript!
Thank you so much.
Never be who you aren't Never ever fold under pressure Desperate times, get desperate measures! ♥
do you feel most individuals with ASD can benefit form iPads?
"Don't Block the Boy!" Yo! - street sign in Philly
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares. ~Elbert Hubbard
Can't sleep! Water break.
This irish music right now.
interesting! RT : Former Jaguars safety Donovin Darius has signed a 1-day contract w/ the team in order 2 retire as a Jaguar.
don't be a stranger! Text me sometime!
#deloitte (LIVE) b/c tacit knowledge is sticky: "It tends not to flow. Best way to access is trust based relationships"
“: LET'S GO PHILLY LET'S GO!” ~ You know you are a clown for this right? smh
Thanks Pax RT : Amazing time meeting all the NYC Turing Fellows candidates tonight. Super smart and ambitious! /via
Ah,cool! Definitely. :)
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho still wear Red Monkey Jeans!,,,4Real!,,,,C'Mon Son!!!
Played the Johnny Mnemonic pinball yesterday. "Collect gigabytes to become a cyberpunk." There's also in game phreaking.
Deadly Frog Gets New Sanctuary The golden poison dart frog now has it own personal sanctuary along the Pacific coast of western Colombia.
Communication is a skill that you can learn
yep! We have lots of fun!
Saw some long lost friends yesterday!
Not so much an actual aesthetic as an intellectual one.
he plays better in night games. Lol.
damn 😢 I just got back to delavan I went all by myself lmao I got bored and lost my Brit fren so I was just over it
Even something innocent can be guilty.
Definitely a 10. Nothing feels better than that! :D
To Catch A Cold
i'm so proud of you!!! yayayay!! I'm stoked
didn't have to edit that video as much as people believe to make #Portland look weird, that's just Portland
#factswithoutwikipedia the world will not end Dec2012. It will ask for couples counseling because you don't listen to it any more.
You are right to focus on debt, but you shouldn't call it a bad mortgage. IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't ben paid yet!
I'm officially done with my first year of #sagrad! Thank you to the #sachat & #sagrad communities for all your support!
No brakes? That is some bullsh*t. I'm out! Lmaoooooo haha I love the cab driver (:
pitching won't get any easier when they come north to San Fran! They'll be lucky if they miss Zito.. Haha
Roller Coaster Tycoon 1! Forest Frontiers was my favorite place to create a park haha
Had the opportunity to meet him yesterday at a FCA function in Kansas City. First class!!
Off to the doctor for my physical #notagoodtime :(
This Month Is A Really Busy Month
I vote values! Do you? May 8 is your chance! Thx for yr work in NC!
Having football in team sports is a waste of time
Thanks for the RT. Have a great week!
Mad Shout out to its all in her title I'm following you sexy thang please follow back. I would love your company
Hi Gae-Lynn You have v good fish and chips in Naples old town on the Gulf coast.
I guess it seems so old fashioned and sexist in this day and age. No?
Good morning! :)
Just got off fire watch and showered bed soon
the one and only :')
hi, your probably not going to see this but hii :)
What was the nation's first national park?
well mine are perky, but pierced and I don't give a damn! I'm not wearing a bra today!
All the people: they sing, "What a lovely day! Yeah, we won the war! May have lost a million men, but we got a million more..."
I know I should resist this peach cobbler..but.......
she sang at Cody's Waiting4U tour, she was god!
Hi FJE All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
yea I bet ... A lot of bby employees made the same progression.. Dan, Sammy, and I all went to Pnc along with others I dnt no
NFL network Postgame: Deion Sanders asks Tony Romo..."What gets in your butt?"....LOL really?
haha that's why i erased it but thanks for being so nice about it! i love you too (:
I like that topic! Good call! Its a new era of escape
fingers crossed you are coming back to madison my man
i doubt it
No, they won't be asked to commit until after valid., EIR, and Coastal Comm. Just long process.
thanks so much mate!
hey what do you think of Jessie J tweet back :)
Thank you, Emily!
Your avatar photo is black, is something wrong?
Called hubby to ask abt dinner logistics after The Girl's recital. He answers the phone, lets me talk, then tells me he's on the eliptical+
Really... 19k followers!? Only if I had boobs and was cute lol
Helton's going cow tipping after this if you're free... RT /starts warming up fingers to get ready for cap tipping
It was kinda cool to walk into the new lobby at today!
Photo Shoot Was Off The Chain! Legooo!
Nice double sack by and
Hope everyone enjoys their weekends! Tweet us when you see the commercial!!
The whole reason there is a defense is to stop the offense and sometime u have to hurt them to stop them
that sounds good. and yes is one cool chick.
Why does Facebook think I am in a relationship. These ads are unbearable.
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas!
Also check out for some great opportunities
OMG If was on TV in the 90's I'd be famous.
Another great day of campaigning, meeting some colorful people. Can't wait to do this again tomorrow.
lol I hope that text wasn't directed at me lol
im ontthe edge of turkey!(: hehe
That story's not a story without a photo
Seeing things as how they are, I need a new PC or a faster hard drive. Its speed to transfer from HDD to USB is the same as its max download
Welcome to the addiction
Good (& depressing) to know! RT : wow, google has a calorie option in their recipe search. who knew?
Does the proliferation of pornography make it more difficult for artists to create nude art
My prayer for you today is that you'll plan your come up, you'll shut your haters up, and that God will blow you up!
yes, i understand, and yes, i have msn
I've got so much love to give (bass drop)
tonight is my first concert though no lie lol
Missing my #GH again 😞
Please get your mammograms ladies
FWIW Notre Dame laughed at the thought of conference affiliation for football. Still can't beat their deal.
Please call the vet if you have a chance. Sorry to be paranoid - my cat had bad reaction to leukemia booster shot a few yrs ago.
text me
On MPTV 10, #NaziHunters tracks down Albert Speer, who organized slave labor in death camps and prolonged the war. At 9PM.
TY so much for the Friday kind words! I hope u have a gr8 weekend!
Tonight I DECLARE WAR + LIONHEART + MOLOTOV SOLUTION + ARMOR FOR THE BROKEN + IMMORTAL PROPHECY & PORTRAITS OF A MASTERMIND @ El Rey Theater
I dont know Bruce, never talked to him beyond a hand shake, but i think he's a good man.
haha that can be good and bad
you can wear mine :)
do you have a picture of the wallet?
“: if she puts a "(;" at the end of a text, #shewantsthedick” makes me think of you....
Either my metabolism is too fast or I'm just a fatass... I've been eating a lot the whole day & I'm still hungry...
I would say that I am more poser than hipster.
What happens to my files now that my doctor is closing his practice? - Globe and Mail
I'm so tired today I wish I had 5 red bulls, sugar free though.
True RT : The #c21nonhuman breakout room desks have articulated backrests. Its like an articulated bus on your chairback.
it's great feeling when you find all the answers to your take home exam on study blue
you know you're bored when your watching a #Snooki true hollywood story, despite the fact that you've never watched
u drunk? Lol what you talkin bout?
Wait, what decade is this? RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented w/access to emergency contraception
ok, don't follow me. Just read this and smile! Your so lovely, I know you try your best with your fans I respect that Iloveyou
I know right? It was warm in there last night too.
A secret to providing a successful pitch to the media: Make it local. Provide local ties in for coverage in key markets
Thank you for the retweet!!!
Walking dead--can't get moving or awake. Need a red warning light on my car, for safety or everyone else
On that
stickK has gone mobile! We're pleased to announce the delivery of a mobile version of stickK: m.stickK.com. Let us know what you think!
At Sac Brew Showcase and Cap Beer Fest pouring Daylight Amber and Trein Wrak BIPA. Try ours along w/ all this other amazing
probably because the name lita being a common woman's name ;)
Still time to head over here. Flashing sign near stadium was advertising half price tickets.
Got my invite to Google Music. Comes preloaded with some songs including such stand outs as Kris Kros' "Jump".
time to clock in .
"Hey" , "Hey" , "How r u" , " Good u" , "Good", "What r u doing", "Bush did 9/11" , "Agreed", Retweet if you hate these conversations.
why would you say something like that. ? People already think you the biggest hoe in the world
Yellow yoga pants are sweet!
Did you tear the thoughts out of brain & write them down? I see issues for UCLA w/ this class.
Yeah buddy! I'm goin with the experience
Happy Holidays Brian! We hope you can come visit us on your next night off from being a parent :) We know its a full time job!
#nadal beat fed! Watch it?
Idk if she would call it cute lol I think the word she might use is crazy. That's ok, the gps isn't coming off the phone :D
What r u doing
When did get here? And are there really double J's in Joyce? lol
#TCAF was awesome as usual. I always leave that show with all my comic-making batteries fully re-charged. Thanks everybody!
I'm there
hehee I'm dying of sickness.
Just got my 6 pack of tix for at comerica, cant wait!!
thanks for the love fam whatever you need from me its on.
Never hesitate to ask a lesser person
Thinking Costco trip.
I love how everyone's bumpin that new chief meanwhile this kid been on that shit....
#AtlanticWoW "That which we value, we seek"
Watching #Maury in Princess. A normal day in the nail shop lol
I agree. These clips ain't enough and trailers are needed. Medical show and BthB are bad
well i dont like him but i like him. its like hes okay but i still hate him. lol
I'll always support you all :) how about the drummer? have you find it yet? :/
so basically fruits veggies and nuts? Sounds damn challenging!
That's a _must_!
: we are going to be at booth 207, come find us at the booth!
Melrose's flow doesn't even budge in the Boca Raton breeze
we decided to open a Hoboken chapter
Thanks for the article Wendy. I played 8 seasons in the NFL and Im wondering if the injuries were worth it?
we can ship to new castle. =P
Feature lead audition tomorrow!
Well for those that havent heard, yes Im leaving Milwaukee once again. This time Im staying in baseball and working for the Nashville Sounds
Good Saturday morning all! I hear there will be a comet visible in the night sky tonight! I'll be looking for that :)
wow - what a game for Wes : Eikmeier trying to match AFA from deep. He is 5-of-8 and now has 23 pts.
Who votes for capture the flag in gears of war 3?
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Back in Lexington TONIGHT! at Cosmic Charlie's w/Onward Pilgrim & Swino
My las t undergrad final in the bag.
I like suffolk county. I wanna stay here, next to a beach is ideal. But I need mad space. I saw something in rocky point
Good brainstorming with today. Big ideas.
Ciroc presents New Year Eve at Opium Garden Nightclub in Miami featuring special guest DJ Khaled and friends.
Happy Birthday to you!! Enjoy u!
you know you. you know when you might just be about to let go of what makes you...you.
Aaawwww. Thanks honey.
Where is Italian Village?
#3DAYS left, and we're much excited!(;;
Sometimes you gotta call em out.
cool fest?
Cool. Just working my way up to the Centurion. ;-)
About to watch sister in Fear Factor Live! Go Sabrina!
Brenden Frasier used to be such a hunk
#HappyMothersDay & rest of the hot mamma's in
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy. Way to go guys!!
": I can't wait to get my pink Louisville slugger bat" You going to use it on ur husband???:-)
is that true ??
On the other hand, Altman routinely outcoaches Romar. Could be worth 5-7 points in and of itself.
Finally Fuckin Followed me
I agree. As long as God has my back; am feeling ok. Through God ALL things are possible.
Emotions are feelings large enough to change your life or destroy it.
Just added to our music videos.. make sure you check him out! Also follow him.. u won't regret it =]
Oh, that's why Dick Cheney said he wanted a virgin's heart on a silver platter
Email, manuscript photocopy requests, and tea.
We want to hear that! :) “Rap music with an accordion! Where have you been all my life?”
Kids these days smh ya'll need to grow the fuck up.
When u in da party u stand around and when Im in da party stand out, when she with me her legs up and when she with u her hands out!
We can't endorse a presidential candidate, but if we were going to pick a Republican, it would be
Is This Love? Hell na the denial is evident..the smut smart;she know the alphabet.
Reading over the FD snapshots and laughing so hard. ♥
duh. yes.
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone? No bitch. I will steal your shit & make you go waste your money on a new one !
Not sure. Clicking on the files in the email normally opens them in the right app, but that's not working now.
What ever happened to Akon?
This Fri CD Release event with Wasted Talent and Erie's Romantic Era 21+ 9:30pm come and rock out!
any idea when that PTBL from the Cubs is coming over? I thought they said towards end of ST. That's just about now
No need to worry, You don't have any Flash on your website.
lmao, sorry <3 But if need me to write anything for you or help put signs up, I gotchuuuuu ;*
Is a beast baby!!
Cards, baby!
of course, hope you have a great day!
"Stop before the bridge. Get out. Walk down the road. Sniff the air, and if it smells good, breathe deep." Jordan Fisher Smith
this us history study guide >>>>
Happy #FF everyone! Please welcome my co-anchor to Twitter and follow and
Songwriters should protect their work, 1) mail it to yourself, keep unopened. 2) register with Library of Congress. 3) Join ASCAP or BMI ?
I hope I start working 2day.
that's slim shady yeah baby slim shady's crazy
what do you do?
Goodnight :D
:) So much fun!
be honest was that the first stars game you've watched this year?
OMG did people feel the earth quaking?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Who Real Friends Are '
Fuck Bobby Valentine I blame this on him y keep bard in for such a long period of time....
this makes me so happy, lol! :)
Honestly, my life is a bit TOO drama free.
is on a Thurs this time, , maybe you can make it? 9/15 6pm Next Door.
come to england then you'll have a blast I promisee ;) x
IU putting on a clinic early against PSU in terms of ball movement and 3 point shooting.
Remember when Wolf Blitzer said about Katrina victims: "They are so poor and so black" NBC was intentional.
SO Weird!! Thought it was just us.
Hammy really wants that contract. Sweeping the dugout, even! Lol
thank you
I Love This Movie!!
RECLAMATION OF THE EDGE.
Looking forward to hearing the Duke Ellington School choir and going to the Barker benefit!
Can we just sell Texas to the Chinese to pay off some of our debt?
If I stop arguing with you, I no longer give a fuck ..
I think and need to check out the song "My Body's a Zombie for You" by Dead Man's Bones. I think you'll like it!
Happy Tuesday All! ♥
are now all TRUE "PAKALITES!!!!"
Hey I tried to jump on that call today but it didn't work.
Ima try & sleep tomorrow !
Measure often and evolve faster. #GoMobile via
WORK is craze in a rad way. First time I seen a dude literally run from a fight was tonight. Kinda set the party off!
Happy birthday to the trill ol G
Hey There's not a doc in NFL who would have let 21-year-old stud return that soon & NFL docs know more abt knees than anyone.
": Why am I holding on so tight to someone that is working so hard to push me away?!"
my mom doesn't either. She would murder me if she found out i did :o
#goa2011 Restaurant is in rear of ISS show area
Word around town you been talkin shit about a nigga, plz don't make me pull da bitch out of yuh bro...
ha...he forgot "thou wi-fi connection shall not work for dick"
I was thinking the same thing. Did he just cuss in church.lol aon. They are saying that bobby felt disrespected at the church.
get your ass over to my house to git
Which she actually has. :)
I'm moving in a week and definitely doing this! “: Freak out your neighbours, rename your Wifi to "FBI Surveillance Van #42"”
I would love to talk to you about aptt! It's definitely better than traditional parent teacher conferences but still has few kinks
I'm still sick as a dog, but I gotta go see my girls at the sculpture park.
"There are things known, and there are things unknown, and in between are the Doors." - Jim Morrison, lead singer of The Doors.
Can't wait to finally get this iPhone working today!
This is bad, I really need to piss!
Hyperbaric Centers of Florida is now open!
Starting an Art Deco inspired line of my Economic Bailout Jewelry!!!
I have barely seen them since the beginning of the month. Not sure how much more they can take. And I hate watching it.
Thanks everyone who attended Justin's session this morning.
I love all the #occupywallstreet tweets in my stream. I follow the coolest fucking people.
There is no passionate defense to be made--you love the products enough to where it does not matter how they get here.
Thanks for the follow Michael Williams (MB_Williams)! :)
It's crazy how many different styles there were. My dad has one that's similar, but it doesn't have laces.
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3 :D FOLLOW ME
wld but only teams & the bands sorry
haha thanks guys. Didn't even notice the other hook. Interesting.
Watch out boy she'll chew you up. Whoa, here she comes. She's a maneater.
and DUET!! Let's make this happen!!!!
Thanks! I love him! He's so soft!
Those who do not use keyboard shortcuts shall be turned into fertilizer for The Chosen.
weel to day is sunday i cnt brake a promise service will start at 11:30am
I've been spreading the word to #stopkony at my school and it's a real shame that no one gives a shit. Wait until judgement day assholes.
We've got ya covered Flo! ;)
Did anyone else watch the new Kindle Fire ad and think: "How was that thing not stolen off her doorstep"?
Dude, that is one good looking site!
Haven't eaten anything all day, im saving myself for this lobster dinner ah
Fear God. Keep your dick clean. And trust no one. <---- Imma raise my son on these key principles
sorry I didnt reply to you before, whats up?
will u follow me i followed u?
Glad you are not passing your bias on to the children.
Loving the neon colored v neck shirts from jcrew they are so hot!!!
Truly! Anything to get rid of those little frustrations that take up way more of your productive time than you think!
Good start Babe
Dont Worry Girls, One Day You'll Find A Guy That Ruins Your Lipstick Instead Of Your Mascara.
It would be really nice if the nest full of eggs on my back patio hatched today. They don't know it's Mother's day, but I do.
Hot Jobs: Java Server Programmer, Lead Programmer, Network Programmer, Tools,
Hey hey def can't wait to get back in the stu with ya'll:)
K made to make a smile and the woman entering the plaid pantry smiled with him.
sat on a motherfuckin cactus
Chapel Hill or Raleigh for lunch today?
Survey results: Services provided ad hoc
Lady Badger bball game with Baba :)
(*) Happy Mother's day to all of you (*)
The #Padres served up more doubles tonight than IN'N'OUT!! cymbal splash:)
can't wait! We're coming to the no h8 photo shoot tmrw ; will you be there?
what happened????
no i wont i hate all marvel characters they suck they are just stupid
Flopping used to be frowned upon. But now it's all people seem to be doing. Looking like the WWE
Cannot stop listening to Gene Vincent, two days after what would have been his 77th birthday! That guy was truly impressive.
Whoa! Jason Pettigrew just posted about some 3-disc reissue of Psychocandy! 3 CDs of prime Jesus And Mary Chain?! Feedback heaven!!!
I had a Helles Schlenkerla Lager last night around midnight up in Cambridge.
“: RT : Can't believe the GOP Debates got snubbed for best comedy series at the #GoldenGlobes.”
a full time job, meaning a minimum of 40 hours and the virtual impossibility of just taking off whenever I want.
Just not in the mood to have fun or do anything
lmao damn shame let me know when u have n ready to send
. says that numbers from other sports (like rowing) cause as many or more indirect fatalities
CONCRATS to the football team for a Great win over a decent SEC opponent, Great season, & Great Coach Jones!!!
dude i rlly rlly rlly want that gummy bear!
Sitting in on the annual business meeting at #macrao2011 #macrao11 It is great seeing and catching up with friends and colleagues.
Thanks! Next year in Snug Harbor, I think somewhere in February.
hope you meet ETs & not "Alien" aliens.
I finally figured out how to log out of you twitter!!
“: IU people just took away a Jail (DJ) Byrd sign away from a student” There are some creative minds
hey sexy girl! I was just strolling through ur TL an noticed u 4got sumthing. Beautiful! All natural,sexy as hell and..
Hahaha Nope, your still my Valentine!
Like this status if exercising is your stress reliever!
no way?
thanks so much for sharing your story with us it was awesome!
well im going to church, i'll text u when i get out (:
#ireallywant it to be summer so i can be in LA!!!!!!!!
hellz yeah! looked at their site last week, would like to speak with them about dev access.
I want a knockout and a next fight with , and I want thiago silva to come out all roided up and just maul the Swede
band practice tonight big show on Saturday.
My room is a gigantic mess. Need to fix that. And do laundry.
RT : Pitting one group of Americans against another is not leadership.
Shit! The FBI is investigating Alivaine! I hope my calls when Rick & I cut a deal with Chilo to make my Bf dad the president weren't wired!
Does throwing a wild pitch to score a run tarnish Santana's no-hitter? Ugly.
I love making money wit music for real
Great day at Radford seeing graduate. Now got big day tomorrow, giving my testimony in church
Thank you for your courage to say WHY you evolved, Mr. President. Everyone else flip-flops w/o explanation for political reasons only.
I get lonely too.....
I'm starting to feel better. The allergies aren't acting up right now.
I guess I'll take a nap then
Yep, I'm now officially used to doing things my own way.
Celeb crushes: Robert Downey jr and Edward Norton
Acoustic show tonight, let's go!
Favorite Random quote, "I'm a hot piece of steel and I'ma bout to go off in yo a$$!" That's from an action movie folks. . . STG
Halfway through the only season of "The Black Donnellys." Why was this cancelled? I love it.
NEWS FLASH! Fresh Italian food avail. FoodTruck (downtown D from 11am-2 p.m. 1 block E of Campus Martius on Cadillac Sq) Yum!
Thanks for the Follow Kimberly -
#imagine Niall leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
#Living starting us off...
First 3 1/2 hours of first aid training done last night. CPR/AED is tonight. My application has reached the NMC and is being reviewed.
They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
YAY! So proud! I'm in the red couch. I'll see you when you get here :)
What do you mean? Other kinds of content?
time for some food!!!!
I still tend to buy hard copies, cause they have resale value. My project for this year is to be better e-reader.
"You're beautiful, that's what makes you beautiful." ---- thanks bitch!
AIGH! I have to stab my visual cortex with an ice pick now.
Fire officials in Blaine say an overnight fire took the life of one person. Tune in to sunrise for a live report...
Holiday inn express out of cinnamon rolls. AGAIN.
So, MIB 3 stole the tag line from Back to the Future?
Note to Casey: When choosing proper criminal trial apparel, don't go for a Snooki hair pomp & K-Mart t-shirt top.
go Nancy
Who could help me get more followers ?
Bucks win!!! Gooden was balling with his triple double.
Thank god its friday I hope everyone has a good day today
haha I figured it was Lil Girl's doing!! She's a sneaky one...
Damn who u treatin lmao RT : thats why you're not on skype with anyone ma'am
Campaign costs ~ $2.65 mil. Will the $2.47 mil PAC refund this to TX taxpayers?
What was Larry Merchants craziest comment during vs cotto fight?
A Parent's Guide to #Bullying: It's important to tell your child that you do not approve of bullying & that you are aware
I'm in hufflepuff….
Add kale to your next grocery list, a half-cup packs 420% of your daily dose of Vitamin K, a nutrient for bone health.
We're preparing for "mini-inauguration" coverage tomorrow - lots of calls & searches for political experts. Who would you like to hear from?
we cannot wait for the work day to be over so we can get to the studio- who else needs some bikram to end their day?
Have a good one :)
congrats on a great demo at Matchpoint!
The fact that I learned how to fishtail and do the little hair bow, with hair thingie>>>
Welcome my boy Josh Alt to twitter! He's seen the light... And ladies, he's hardcore VEGAN! LOL
When did I become the lovable fat guy?
Yo Christian! I've narrowed it down to Wed the 23rd and Sun the 27th (May) but I need info from you. Email or FB?
If it were not for the LORD, I would've been Chris Browned YOU!!
I don't think I would have it have been other way that the chick dancing to city high was missing teeth. Funny how these things work out.
thx! Glad you liked them.
we can get drunk tomorrow
Still passing notes like back in high school <3
I might have been first asleep but I felt god lol
In other words, best ad ever.
Alright, y'all.. playing at The Bluebird with KENDRA CHANTELLE and CLAY EVANS at 6 pm! Come early so you can secure a seat!
I wanna delete my fb so bad, but I've gotten so many gigs through the connects on there it's ridiculous.
Thanks Bavic "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
DEE LISH! RT : Got dinner plans? Make some! Our shrooms our , , & !
Ha yeah it is trippy at first but I get into it. I only am getting into the harder dubstep lately. So close to metal! Hits hard!
Thank you for clearing that up. My mistake. I appreciate it when people can comment with out being nasty. Thank you.
I am sure you will be voting for a Donald Duck retarded conservative
Let someone saying Hey Jae..be your motivation. Now Stop smiling and get up and clean your room.
I actually don't mind Ish
": HOOP" you going up there today?
So it wasn't the laptop, it was the docking station, how is that I figured that out before tech support did!
thanks for the retweet friends! Blessings on your day!
Great first practice at Samson's
Doing laundry in NYC is about to GO DOWN!
Hi Chris! ♥Bretana♥
When your parents don't trust you. And your telling the fucking truth.
Great to meet you, too, today. I don't know how to DM anymore, they keep freaking changing it.
Been saying it for years... Howard is not good enough. He's not a difference-maker.
82 Cappers plays on NBA & NHL and no consensus yet, Consensus last 7 posts at 16-3-1 off a 2-0 day so hoping by gametime
Bend over and Don't look back!!.
Dont threaten me wit a good time!!!!!!
Was in Sarasota today, Seattle tomorrow!
Learn how to turn your business into an inbound marketing machine
LOVE THAT! Enjoy!
Think #Colts Painter had ego hurt if and when he realized while Manning had #Saints bounty tag of $10K his was basement price of $50?
thank you so much for bringing on they did AMAZING!!
Me: "I'm a writer, with a focus in comedy." Chick: "Say something funny!" Me: "Uh..."
I love Italian food & sangria!
Sometimes Saturdays are tough, but tomorrow Brownout are gonna make everything alright
Gotta be hot and in shape for our #ASOT parties!! RT “: Wowww picked a salad over pizza 😳 something is wrong with me”
love you to bro! ans always bro always(:
yeah! Ay dios mio, I just want my Swiss cheese
This is the one of the best things I've ever seen! Adorable!
summer reading phone question. can't wait until it's over. one more week!
I hate it when my writing loses its logical progression. Rambles are harder to fix than bad writing...
Having a good day with the wifey gonna Watch #raw later
Just in time for all you summer foot fetish giggly flip flop wearers! New Web stie has stepped in, hehee get it?? What Yeah come sneak peek
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
: Tomorrow is #MothersDay, any big plans? Make sure to spoil that special mom.
I'm singing Canary Chicago TONIGHT 8pm-11:30pm. Patio is open! Get Dinner in listening lounge near band. www.theredcanarychicago.com
will you please schedule a second show in Boston or release more tix?
Stay hot Tyler Tyler Colvin!!!
- I think she is afraid to love him or even want him. That is why she resists him so hard.
Conrad Murray has the greatest poker face ever. He's just been found guilty and i can't tell if he's upset, pissed off or anything.
How did you like Larry's presentation last night?
The three and a halfs have been talking. -- Hopping down the bunny trail at this Easter brunch
I love my job, which I realize in and of itself is a blessing...and, it is SO SUNNY in Portland, which is a miracle!
Everyone loves a discount: Vega Communications is offering 10% off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb. 1.
Holy shit, I get it more. Share that with more people than just me.
": 1st RT : So where is the 48 in points now? #NASCAR" He's already been handed the 2012 Championship Trophy.
Sorry, all I have is a high of 92 & a low of 67 tomorrow. Give it a month, we'll be there
right, chick lit is easy to think of, I just can't picture what "dude lit" would be. War books? Things about sports teams? Ha
I know hey!
@ Dinosaur State Park in Connecticut! 1) who knew?! 2) DINO tracks!!! 3) I will come back and actually see it some day.
You look so cool! I love it.
ACS received well over 500 $5 donations as a part of Sync & #AmexAustin10. A BIG thank you to everyone that donated!
when do we see you on Long Island, NY?
Moving day today. Crazy ass shiz. Getting super cool bench from neighbor. Will be queuing up Handsome Family Moving Furniture momentarily.
RT : Visiting #Fairbanks this summer? Stay at a Fountainhead Hotel & get 1/2 price admission to our museum:...
Great question! Re divides, optimism for subversion comes with incrsing transparency emerging
I think the New York Yankees are unfair right now...
I just added you my follow list. And no I will not prepare to die Ike... I'm shall turn you to the light..the force is with me.
hi nick!
thought u were looking for some artist. My bad
I'm going tonight too!
Badass. We will.
haha that's awesome! -- anytime! ; )
Getting a new phone tomorrow. Fucking finally.
I'm still sore from all that went on and to make matters worse I'm still in pain w/ these wisdom teeth..Friday plz hurry up..
thanks for the follow!
seashell trading party next week?
2pac- dead B.I.G.- dead Kurt Cobain- dead Layne Staley- dead Amy Winehouse- dead Justin Bieber- alive What's wrong with this list?
Convert Genius | Apple Iphone Ipad&amp;Itouch
Prepping for this weeks #carlsononthelaw show airing at noon on
It's funny how ppl think I am on a diet bc I eat clean ad not huge portions LOL!
I'm now taking suggestions for the name of my new sketch show which will be going up over the summer. Any and all suggestions will help!
If I can't meet Justin this summer & go to his concert then I wanna meet Colton when he goes on the Idol tour... <33
Gertrude Stein, Oscar Wilde, and Catullus, for the ideal combination of wit and smut.
But among "Best Places in the Universe," the C&O bar is there.
Which Part You Work In?
Bringing my real camera to work today. Must be vigilant about not entering "photographer mode" but the pictures will be better
Having a fridge and cabinets full of food, but nothing to eat.
I KNEW you two were the culprits.
Noodle is awesome.
KDLT sports dude just stopped his newscast to tell his girlfriend she's "the most special girl to walk through my life." The hell?
Is very excited to meet Saul Griffith tonight at
I wish you would stop tweeting things about me would be nice !
I Cant Wait No Time To Waist
Rejis boys... DAMN;D
Hey cousin! Didn't even know you were on twitter!
Did you know 1 out of every 8 ECU students have gotten a DUI? I'm shocked y'all. Thought it would have been more like 1 out of every 3
. can't wait to hear about it!
some of my fave people. Wish I was there?
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta! Have a great weekend!!
Also, I was happy to learn that they are going have a print product in association with McSweeney's.
Glee's new episode next week is One Direction.. Ahh<3
Massage Monday!
Have a final today that Im not even taking If I go to school all Im guna do is sleep anyways. My mom better say i can stay home
I think that is part of the reason I watch the show...
How did you see it? Seems like your maturing. I bet you're having a blast in high school. :D You still look good no doubt.
that's good (: lmao
haha, yes, I forgot about that.
fair enough. It's good to see there's some integrity there. Do you know the name Devon Kerns?
web archiving #occupy sites for may day events!
Welcome B., Trina W, Wendy P, and Cherly M. Thanks for the Like.
I'm hooked..
because the computer gods are assholes!
But we are *also* machines? Sweet.
Yes im almost officially done with the fall semester three classes down one to go
Its gatta b a crime to look that good
Ch. 12 Inmate on inmate Is higher than staff on inmate at the Limestone facility
so what?
I'm jumping in to the chaotic environment called, Theater.
I always think what I would do if I saw someone that was on there. Some people on there creep me out. Love watching that shit
N she still slaying " I use to be wide wit no shape" gma really lol
call me!!
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our children.
Thanks for the info on tasting notes. Keep up the awesome work! Vive la Anodyne Coffee
It's the last day of my summer internship at the Very sad!
y aren't you writing about the 1 year old boy who was abducted by his father & took him to Africa with out the mothers consent!
J'Nan: That's why I started the Green Light Movement.
Why do I always lose my dad in McDonalds?!
If you respond to any of the Reverb prompts, share a link to your response on Twitter & tag w/ #reverb11 - connect with your community!
Hello Harry, How are you today ? Good I hope
The Avengers brought it!
Thankyou for the FB. I'd get a checkup if I were you....
I honestly don't care if you think I'm crazy. You're just a figment of my imagination anyway.
I want to work for Olivia Pope! lol
OMG! I was thinking about going on Saturday. I'm due for a new one.
Can't figure out how many pants to bring to Boston; you'd think I never lived in a snowy climate before. Is there snow/slush arnd?
Thanks again for coming today! Hope your IKEA trip was fruitful. (I am currently on an IKEA ban - their directions hurt my brain!)
Keep tweeting me numbers!
hasn't tweeted at all today...WHAT'S GOING ON??
Yes! I knew this would mean I am part of elite Trek club. High five and secret handshake. Also, I am an ex-lab tech too :)
Feel like dancing
& Your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus.lol
Retweet If U Didn't Win The Mega Millions Tonite!!
Hey im just passing the info along
yeah i mightt! idk yet though cuz i wanna see if anyone opens one that i could audition for(:
The real disruption happens when the student gains control of his or her own learning paths. Another great idea overheard at
#5 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: It’s easier to #canIran than try to persuade NYers your "intentions are good"
RT : Lindsay Lohan is hosting SNL this weekend. Is it 2008 already?
: you can call me daddy #UmmNO #thingsboysshouldNOTsay #DYING cc:
Happy Easter!! is OPEN for Brunch till 4pm. Come get the best Bloody in MKE!!
Omg I just saw when I came out of ballet!! Omg he is amazing and he got a lot of people in the studio :D that's great!!
Alice Notley's Culture of One is like The Help of poetry.
Does a younger employee have a federal age-discrimination claim against employer if company treats similarly-situated older employee better?
Hey fans help us grow our MaryOnTheSquare page, hit the "Share our Timeline" on the page and post it to your wall.
Busy indeed, hence why my writing is progressing slowly, but surely. Pluggin' along, like we do...
Me and plans for the summer 😜👌
#OXYMORONBATTLE jumbo shrimp
SMILE SMILE SMILE , WE GOT YOUR DERBY FIT FOR YOU!!!!!!!
Can anyone recommend a good holiday payment card?
Were my soul #SISTERS at? Oh wait ......
Finally got my new Box up and running. Was a total nightmare to set up… but now I'm really enjoying the clever little device.
Yep sure am going from day drinking into bartending....why wouldn't I?? Challenge accepted
Lending an iPad to a friend, can he log me out of the AppStore and download apps while still using my apps already installed? Never tried.
Anonymous Coord: "I really just want a [significant other] that will do shit for me"
#Overeem #printing money good night in #UFC now for
It's official!! Our new restaurant is named Forque. Big launch May 10th. Mark your calendars.
“: Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen...” all the time.
That scary moment when you meet your gf's dad!!!!!!
I don't know which came first, but I'm pretty sure 2012 ripped off the made for tv miniseries, Meteor starring Billy Campbell...
The Ravens are the new Eagles of the AFC. How many conference title games have they lost now? Week 1 35-7 means absolutely nothing now.
Oh yeah, looks like some terrible accident took place. I swear I know where everything is though!
I'm pretty sure seeing a live performance in my old hometown of you would be the best top off to a craptastic work week.
was thinking it'd be crazy if win #stanleycup then relocated after the season. may have ownership update tonight
WAYNE THE BRAIN ... KILLIN THE ARRANGEMENT..MIDNIGHT RAVEN AT THE HQ..BIG UP TO E1..I SEE YOU. NASH'S PAPA ..WHAT UP!
I love YOU
I bet
Almost ready to add another vehicle to the fleet!!
Syracuse Orangemen ‘Syracuse Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
right elbow red!
We were incredible RT @: i fell sorry for you al because you didnt get to witness mine and plays when we wer ...
Thanks for the shout out!!
I smashed dis food
I'm now Website Architect/User Experience Analyst for the UMN Libraries. Rolls right off the tongue, I know, but I'm pretty excited.
Looks like you 2 are just ahead of us in Vietnam. Have you gone to Halong Bay? Wondering what situation's like.
anything is possible if you just belieb
Hate being sick.... any recommended remedies for sore throat/cough?
more clinics tonight ... fun ... you going ??
chase coy, ♥ ah, I love him.
Segmentation and personalization are important when doing email marketing says
There's and for starters!
Ugh! Sorry babe. Not a good way to start the week.
Fresh air, beautiful WI morning, dog out, dog fed, time for breakfast.
wow, a waitlist.
move to florida
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I'll put them in the web store soon (been behind). I'm going to do some different colors and a blue pearly powder one too.
Librarians are "choice architects" by the nature of the work--Brad Mitchell
Edgefield is a great place to hold your company picnic! Dates are still avail in the Amphitheater & be sure to add some golf! 503.492.2777
Glad you enjoyed it!
Ah okay then maybe yeah lol.
Never going to the cove again when there's school the next day -________- #FML !
ha. It would be way too expensive to even think about. It would also produce an incredible amount of sweaty foot funk.
ah well id love to hear it (:
Have a Good Friday and a great weekend! May your time away from work be truly refreshing.
i agree. Love you cousin 👍❤❤😃
lol I been around just not on twitter
Three hundred and "69" likes left on fb.. You dirty people. ;)
D's??? why don't i remember this!?!
RT your music! Or your club! :) (<--what a great idea..hmm..kay..i'll see what's up)
Is an SNS better than an LMS for hybrid learning purposes (for turning in assignments, sharing, discussion, etc)? Tweet me back plz
If your going to dream at all then why not just dream big
Are you watching the College Football Awards show? Tune into ESPN now!
Fast food places suck today..
Headed back to the lone star state ;-) ..
So like lately I've totally fallen in love with ❤ I love them all but I must say my favorites 😍
Now I have another piece of Alaska in my heart- sight of Aurora lights- incredibly beautiful.
Thanks for the RT the other day. Enjoy TWiWeb...might check out The Skool!
#787 nice number(: and me;Tony, sabrina; louis (:
Unity A Journey of Hope does the same, we go the extra MILE for ourwish recipients. We are SUCCESSFUL
Love it!!!": lol my god. Here. Take my college fund."
#lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame = today! Gotta love the fight they showed
Jordan named new USC Aiken chancellor
Getting ready for church! Can't wait to see how the dodgeball goes for the elementary students!
A good take away from for me is to scale what he does to webinars. Solo webinars are definitely doable.
:/ when one of your favorite people can't spend your birthday with you.
Memo to K-State: DO NOT PUNT OR KICK THE BALL TO JOE ADAMS!! 50+ yd punt return. 7-0 Hogs
She shoots, she scores! USA1 Japan 0
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! C
I hate you!!!! Im nevee gonna tweet you anymore!!! Just kidding ! Happy April Fools! love you! Follow me :)
thank you!!!
Because I choose to have antenna tv I am watching Fox News Sunday so boring. They dismissed Occupy Wall Street as Tea Party envious.
Yes. That person would be me. RT : is looking for an awesome community mgr, anyone you would recommend in Seattle?
my bad, glad u had fun boo :)... Aight im back to zumba mode this week
awesome my friend! It was a good race, Lakers boo! Lol
Congrats on today on both accomplishments.👏 If I had a finish like that I'd throw my damn back out!
haha glad I'm not the only one who feels this way ✌
now now...we all love each other
I don't know who that is
what are you studying?
Also, anyone have a dress form to loan WAA for the wknd?
Dark Horse coffee run. Losing steam.
is my husband
Congrats and family! Lots of love and best wishes :)
The Brew Dr. Kombucha bike will be at Market of Choice–Franklin (Eugene, OR) today from 3-6 sampling four different flavors of kombucha!
cum out here bra
Haha. Big surprise there. Bader's favorite Beasties album is Ill Communication.
A night of reunion. There ought to be some dated folk song for this.
Eww, Sydney! Lmao jk I love you too! c:
#NowPlaying - Better Days by Goo Goo Dolls. Good night!
I'm going to look so sexy on Saturday in Portland... Conceded. Not giving a fuck.
Looking forward to finding more homeowners to help by selling their homes for top price! Marketing while I watch Dancing with the Stars!
while tweeting, stay safe my friend, we need you!
All I hear is crickets from #TheLakeShow haters! Y'all sh*t tucked in all crazy!
At least you didn't use legalese language like heretofore or sixtofour.
just now realizing ppl lvg msgs on twitter!
I have procured a graphic of Godzilla destroying Houston for a poster I am presenting. So far this Friday is starting off well.
that was beautiful. I wish to be as talented as you are one day. Your voice is perfect. I wish I had a voice as stunning as yours.
This week went from>>>>>> too <<<<< just like that
Joshua Paul Ledet. You better remember that name. Such an amazing talent!
you're a proo ! ;D
Your welcome!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to sharing more of my work with you.
waffles with nutella it is
made no sense that pr person would show up so quickly and confiscate camera-or why counterculture kid would turn it over
Go with the passive aggressive tactics...I find myself opening my wallet more frequently in this situation
Birthday was koo though it was on a Tuesday
Congratulating on her graduation from Drake University today. Well done!
Also, to All the little Angels worldwide, God Bless u all!!!!! I love u all so much XoXoXoX
RT - Peter Griffin of the New England Patriots
Also true.
saw that! 2 more and i am good
We are paralyzed by partisan obstruction. -wade henderson
Here and watching! Go crew!
the absolute most. I chose the 1st topic!
@ my twitter name so I know its real. Lol
Lmao they just jokes Gina damn, marty-mar love the kids/ lol
Tune in tmrw for insights on branding and space from & Carmina Drummond of via
Just confirmed, Howard Reich will be live on Chicago Tonight this Monday ahead of our 9pm national PBS broadcast on April 28!
Woohoo!!! Setting up the next Chicago AlphaBeer. It's going to be October 22 at the Blackstone. Save the date!
well hello
Prepping to teach "Web Building Blocks" and "Mapping on the Web" at today's BootCamp.
aw yay (: see you when you get here girl !! 😄
Not sad.He is a happy bird and we make light of it! We don't encourage it,but we accept it as who he is~! #LittleBratParrot~!
no problem.... love the beach photos. I need to hit the Florida Keys! Hope you're having a blast!
he's a general surgeon as well so you could get a hernia or a bad gallbladder. And then it will help to have a friend in
if you're not going to pinch hit posada there you mine as well take him off the team. If not there, you're never going to use him.
The LA Flood is a collaborative storytelling project (netprov), join in by using the #laflood tag
MIN GM D. Kahn "assumes" that he'll make a "trade or two" this offseason. K. Love has said he wants more veteran presence on the roster.
Potato soup at Danvers!!;D #heaven #thoughtaboutyouu! (:
The #eptgrandfinal 1k underway! at my tbl leo margets and next door. Gl all!
Oh yeah to day ididnt go to sleep till 9am and woke up at lyke 3pm whoaa gottah go to sleep buht iknnt sleep....
Wow. Very cool!
About to try a delicacy by chef #noKitchenRequired premieres on Tuesday April 3 #whatisit?
web design is hard :<
A single comment or a pattern for the course as a whole?
She said "I don't like dudes", I told her "me neither" ha-ha
The post office...need I say more?
Going to be leader for my team and Coach next year on the court and going to Go Hard 4 Christ #All the Glory and Praise Goes to God!
#Hashtags #Make #Everything #Fun :D
...you decide to spend your free time...so you don't have that much of a say in anything anymore...cuzi just fucked your mind.
Why does every kid on Nickelodeon and Disney channel have a record deal
First real snow fall of the season + a roommate from the sonw who isnt used to snow = hilarious!
Shep Messing on Boomer&Carton show this morn. Great interview but too short!
it the last fancy Friday of the year:'( haha
“: too many to keep track. #Fletcher2012” Nathan, just missed U this morning at Bird Rock Coffee. You Rock!!!
Oh man. I couldn't stomach it. I had to change the channel!
Um I'm gonna need a LITTLE sleep.
demand her/him to bring it up, lol. :]
#truth RT "I'm so sick of #PitaPit" -
Any word?
We'll always remember you as an american pop princess whitney
No. Lets not. Good luck wherever you choose, Chris // RT : let's give the Kentucky treatment
Casco actually sort of almost bumped... almost
you should come.see me
Hey EagleHouse! Happy Friday and thanks for the follow!
"texting and walking is dangerous" yells man on street. Me: "I'm still doin it!" him: "looking fanTAStic doing it too"
The point is that he was standing next to me. He is short and fit and I am Shrek.
unreal i no longer have a pair of nikes in my possession....whos got some 10.5s lol! trade for some ballislife gear?
Beautiful weather for a H2S patio for happy hour!! See u there!!
Alright, I didn't watch True Blood until this week and I feel like I have a disease. Can't stop watching until I catch up.
Has enjoyed quite a productive Saturday despite the rain.
...EVERYthing is going grat for you, tom x
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature - T. S. Eliot
Kind of glad I'll be in Hawaii on May 18th!
Didn't get NEARLY as much accomplished as I wanted to.
Remember, I called it way back at 7:26pm!
TRAFFIC - Crash Hwy 21 @ 18th Ave in Adams County, all lanes blocked (NW of Friendship)
I feel a bit fatigued today to tell you the truth. But it was a fun three days! Did you see all your photos online?
lol. Well I think I seen a tweet similar to this one, when you were watching the office, well at least that was the excuse.
Whoa there. If I'm treating you like shit with THIS, then...I don't even know. Go home if you need to.
Hi Abby. Have a great weekend.
btw, they were doing repairs that we requested. if things arent in order when we get home hell will be raised.
>>>lol u.need to stop taken shit in peoples back yard
Wish I could be there! Record some videos :)
maybe instead of occupying wallstreet we should occupy congress, i heard they have better bathrooms
My prayers go out to everyone in japan right now
E! Entertainment Special on dramatic weight loss. Expected to see on there!
Yes.... I'm so happy you hate everything! #TweetOfTheDay yesterday!
Does anyone have a tmobile pohne, oor anything I can stick a sim card in, I can buy off them, my phone is acting crazy!
*Running an irritated hand through my hair* Fine. Yes, please.
Alice's Tall Texan is just an excellent name for a Houston beer joint.
how did that honey bee find it's way into this back office. good sign I think.
Hanging out with the dapper he just used the word
Can I make fun of your age and be totally jealous at the same time? cc
In Grand Rapids for two days of meetings. At some point, I'll get bCk to a very messy house.
The only two celebrities deaths that really got to me and hurt me was Bernie Mac and Whitney Houston R.I.P
check your fbook msgs. phones texting and calling is shut down<3
I have discovered how to maximize my business effectiveness from a wonderful personal development program! Ask me
Okay school, can you be over now please?
wait is something going on with voter ID, or are you just getting yourself into I much needed political discussion?
Glad to see my true friends coming out..
Focusing on singling out the best daily deals for you at Savetodaycentral.com! Some great deals in OKC today.
This current crop of superstars can't Rock the mic like the guys of old.
Season Subscriptions are available beginning Tuesday, September 21.
Go Brew Crew!!
- birthday , in a few hours ( ;
To each his,or her, own. Not everyone loves every place. Glad you gave it a try.
I saw a cat on a leash in a coffee shop today.
thank you! Xo
RIP whitney
#BoshSpice is Out indefinitely ! I'm liking that ... hope its true !!!
Zumba Fitness is an exhilarating, effective, easy-to-follow, Latin-inspired, calorie-burning dance fitness-party tonight at 6pm Titans...
NBA players love going stylish/nerdy glasses post game (Carmello, LBJ, & DWade)
"you promise not to sleep with another woman, put jewelry on each other and dance." - Kimmel
Defensive Driving course complete!! Feeling so relieved right now. I think its time for a nap! I'm drained -___-
I had my last AP exam today! I'm so happy they are over!!! Now I just have to focus on graduation! ^.^
someone has hacked my twitter!
What a great day of baseball
Is he sweating?
Here with in science :p doing a test
Feeling a big 3rd quarter from Ray when he checks in...
I am ready to see the Hawks win the game tonight
they are free and sitting in front of me very hungry
i look at art before i sleep.
#Reading Andrew Witt's The Black Panthers in the Midwest (2007), study of Panther community progs that tries to counter usual demonization.
Because hit the nail on the head, I'm quitting the TV show on & just gonna read the books.
Just arrived home to find a box of advance reader copies of debut novel from
congratulations - a beautiful place to land among the lovely and elegant wines of california's past, and hopefully future.
Why can't I stop thinking about you?
TREE INFO- Most trees fail due to previously existing structural flaws-there are Certified Tree Risk Assessors that can indentify these
My mom thinks George Clooney is a good man, she hasnt considered how much anal sex hes had with girls in their early twenties.
Cookies & Cream bar. You are my world. <3 :D
to share what I learned at #NCSL with my YWLP mentoring group :D
- well figure out how to get Suppan a no hitter or something.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Doesnt anyone answer their phone anymore?
What we do stays between me and you.
thanks for the mention! Will be sure to post & mention you again tomorrow once the newsletter is out.
Thank you for the #ff shoutout. Happy weekend!
just a three-bedroom i believe.
You really deserve some kind of hometown mayoral recognition for your unwavering Bills and Sabres fandom all these years.
ready spaghetti
I thought the Heat were the best team in NBA history because they beat the Knicks in the first round, what happened?
RT "Do y'all know today is Marcus Books Day in Oakland? Support your community by occupying your local businesses."
that's very meta.
Today's going to be rough wish it was 6 already
From one Dowager Countess to the next: Luv Madge in #halftime spotlight & Maggie Smith at Downton Abbey
Going to watch youtube videos on how to learn sign language all night.
yeah but what is up
Congrats. UK played well and deserved it. This loss stings - I wanted this one badly. Enjoy Monday night.
it's bday
Happy bday Jake! RT:Happy Birthday to , the hardest working reporter on Capitol Hill. I still have jackets older than you.
Dear YouTube... I already preordered 's new album. My copy has shipped. So please let me watch 's videos! Thanks.
Sometimes I can't comprehend peoples ways of thinking.
So far 32 feels just like 31 but with a headache. Thanks ,
chicken teriyaki, no rice and m Hamachi Toro! :D I won't tell , or PROMISE
A5 Kenexa software, Boolean search (aka keywords!) Tailor resume for each app. Recommendations take top priority.
Don't know if you knew, but my grandmother, Willie Mae McEwen DeBerry, passed away Monday.
Fill in the blank: My favorite beauty magazine to read is _______________.
What's the word on returning to WI?
“: we learned on Fri. it's must see TV for half of our office. ” Let's do a Fri. lunch on why it's not.
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Going through Facebook timeline and seeing how obnoxious I used to be... Oh wait that's from last week.
These tracks sound so good! :'D Can not wait for you all to hear them! Get stoked! Spread the word! :)
Indeed she is! Glad you guys got connected. :)
And the Grammy for best snark of the night goes to...RT : Is playing with Foo Fighters part of Chris Brown's community service?
Good steal
what peer pressure can do to nice people these days.
no, it's obviously Barajas. “: josh hamilton is straight killin it!! best player in baseball”
kisses on the forehead are the cutest. ☺
Just got back from taking my nephews and goddaughter to see hop. They loved it. Great cameo by
working all day till 7:30 D:
Box 2 is getting more expensive for new copies though. Used, a little cheaper.
Confucius says he who fucks in backyard knows peace on earth.
i'm stayin for ah lil bit so I can save up some money than i'm outta there
calm it down, just harmless playfulness
Goal for the next 48 hours - Never stop listening to "Sweater Weather." No kidding. Angels made this song.
Did you enjoy extreme rules?
I hate Glee yet I continue to watch it every week because I watched it from season 1. I just want these bitches to graduate so I can stop.
Your moms neck looks like turkey fat!
*Closes Window*
