good luck! Thinking of you!
if you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
Hey Mac! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
They arrested someone and now the protesters are frenzied.
These new discoveries and inventions have been, in many ways.
Lets address this: there are Digital natives - kids who have grown up with technology- and the between adults who teach them.
omg well that picture! Look at his twitter it's tylershamy
why is it not an option?! Chuck and Lynnard did it!
squats can cure that.
I got a bad bitch! Yea that bitch right! 👍
Snap the bitch in half.
#Christ is the answer.. #Forgiveness is the #key and #Love unlocks many doors.
Congrats on going vegan. A friend did it a few mos ago & he's happier/healthier than ever.
Summerville, NC. Anyone heard of it?
Congratulations to Forsyth Medical Center on the new Maya Angelou Center for Women's Health and Wellnes. Great for the community.
Looks like I'm watching Harry Potter all night.
I'm not kidding. Either way I am, tonight.
Awww, thank you :)
Wishing I was in Phoenix, AZ where it's a balmy 93 degrees.
they aren't even keeping a hand on him in the video - letting him walk around cycle - cops are way too laid back, I'd say.
Why was Mark Zuckerberg a no-show at today's Facebook pitch to Boston investors?
Don't know HOW we missed your shout out! THANKS SO MUCH! we hope you enjoyed it :)
Is it football season yet? ;-/
Hope you had a wonderful visit!
I decided to do homework at the library because it's quiet. But the guy sitting right in front of me is wheezing incredibly loud. D:
No doubt.
Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results. -Brian Tracy
Hello world
why?? Lol jk okay“: text me”
i never under stood y i cant drink milk
HEy guys anyone read tweet well if u didnt read this go to hoods circle soon to get lemonade for a animal shelter
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't ...
Went over to Southpoint to warm up for tomorrow, and ended up chopping their nightly tourney HU for five hundy. Just what I needed tbh.
Do you know what you want to achieve in life? Certain in your goals?
Shout out to the fam FREEWORLDMUZIC
#MyCelebCrushIs five boys from U.K.....ONE DIRECTION <3333333333333333333333
know you'd do the same for me bro :)
DEAD MAN WALKS
IEP success book available
Guess who want it
"Chase shareholders back Dimon" #yahoonews Of course! To him, 2 bil is like bus fare! Where'd I put it again?
Anyone wanna go to taco bell...? Anyone? Anyone...
i'm gonna go search for gold
They could use actual footage from this World Series Game 6 in the next Buffalo Wild Wings commercial.
Watching (the losers)
"The Last Cigarette Ever" episode of HIMYM is, uh, my FUCKING LIFE.
Mmmmwahahahaha ;-) RT : and I wish you the best as well.
and you're also going to follow me, right ? xo
The last day is always such a
to visit???
see you at both!
Pop quiz: What is virtual memory? Best answer gets a prize...
haha not yet at my next spot yessir believe
Just bought #TheLastWaltz by #TheBand on DVD. I'll watch it many times this week. Doing my part to honor the memory of Levon Helm.
Oh your starting roomers?
I'm going to push a new trend to stay home is when the kids are all moved out! imagine time and money at the same time.
waiting for tone to get donee.
your mom knows and likes me... you could have asked.
Just saw "The Fourth Kind" and it scared the crap out of me!
are free falling, someone please get them a parachute!
Thanks for the RT.
I was only trying to be nice! Dododo. #singerprobz :')
Lover, can you propose under the sea in a yellow submarine?
Lets make it happen. RT : thanks for the follow.. Hope to work with you soon!
sounds like the best plan. Enjoy!
Following trends trying to be like the next nigga
"I know it so well.. I know the Hustle so well." No you don't..
Studio time with
is it wrong to add a wireless printer to our baby registry? or a ipod dock? or a flat screen tv? #babykendall will use those eventually
thanks mentioning me...I really appreciate it!
Shatter every window till it's all blown away.
Tweet tweet
What if someone like you found someone like me. Then suddenly nothing would ever be the same.
Panelist for Good Growth warns for you to ".. be [FINANCIALLY] 'prepared' for the Long Haul".
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
We'll be in Los Angeles twice this month, and Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend. Who else is joining us in the sunny cities?
Thanks! It's so rude, they could just say ' that's so lame' or something else!
RT Today's Association Chat topic is Content Strategy at 2 pm ET! Join in the fun!
Highly technical, scholarly presentations on new technologies begin in a week and some students haven't yet picked a topic. *sigh*
and it is about winning. The kid wants to go to Marquette. Beyond the game they play head to head, that's #1 UW recruiting rival.
“: How many of you guys picked up a copy of the record today?” I did! It rocks!
fantastic. Glad to hear it! Enjoy the game!
I'd worry about elem reading H G without an accompanying discussion. The ethical/societal issues are pretty intense.
Watching Signs for the first time, by myself... Goodnes i hope i dont regret this.
I hate being away when isn't in a great mood 😔! don't worry I'll be back home soon!
good do you miss wowp?
From now until October, BAM is featuring photography from Clyde Butcher and Ray Baldino. Also, stop in to preview the upcoming exhibitions!
Think I'll lay here on the sofa and smile.
that is very helpful. Thanks talking hop bud!
Don't care what I look like,
they're just taking up voter id, as I understand it. Alec into so much more...
Been up all night at work, but couldn't go to sleep till I finished Mass Effect 2, pretty epic game.
work it!!
very true... I have quite narrowed it down yet... I'm really interested in travel, international affairs, and advertising.
Chelsea win by playing Palmetto Soccer
Nice slides of intriguing NOAA work with dataviz & interaction in virtual worlds
he was, but still had the confidence to take(and make) the game winner. Everyone isn't built like that
I so hope that, that someday comes fast! :) Do you have anything in common with him?
Must get on with things before it gets too late! Oh yeah, & I still have not had supper yet. What the heck?
Big things p0pin!!!
. This will be my 5th trip to Lambeau; son has been there dozens of times, a fan since he was 6 years old
Got my eyebrows threaded before work today... Lady asked me why my hair was so thick and curly. I say God must like me
can i have a new phone now or what?
life and happiness is what it's all about!!
Did you start the year off right, with some DeAngelis donuts and coffee?
I wanna bag you like some groceries
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?? Please? :{))
$ha said she is going to make 2nd offical account! Yay! Follow her
Hey man y do some girls gotta be so dayum ffaakkee
I wish!!!! Things like that require a little more prep time for me though.. Eloping in your future? ;)
I guess i just dont get it. Another lonely holiday...
‎ Hey look, it's a double rainbow ...I'm pretty sure that means you're double gay.
Guys putting Saran wrap on the toilet only works for girls
ohh oops forgot about it...
Newyork apartment rentals & Newyork apartments for rent Search thousands of apartments with the apartment-advisor.com apartment listings.
If you are too concerned about money or fame then how can you be a true artist? Delve deeper into the art & have INTERGRITY instead.
Heda Rose on stage in DC burning it up with Jill Scott's/Raheem Devaughn Band live. Wicked!!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Today is feast day of st mark the evangelist. Will be visiting his church in Venice in less than 3 weeks. Cheering up
d rose isn't playing
Thank you for all that you do for !
Hangin out with daughter and her friend @ "taste of Alpharetta". Its poppin!
->insert funny, witty, or smart ass comment here<-
Cleaning. All day.
THANK YOU.
hello hun check out my blog 4 a free preview of my book hope u enjoy it and get ur copy x
Today 1916: In anticipation of Prohibition, Pabst introduces its first non-alcoholic near-beer: Pablo.
We hope the weather stays clear tomorrow. If not, more time to organize the shop! We will be working rain or shine!!
If we run away, run away, now we won't ever look back.
TOMORROW @ 5! Poet Louise Gluck: reading and discussion in rm 421 affiliated with the Emma Lazarus Exhibit on display in lobby
I can't believe they didn't tell you! I'll have to keep you in the loop next time :] Shes very sweet! She might come to ATL
no love for the #Clippers, but no hate either. Glad to see them more competitive. They need to #DeportSterling though.
#wssmiami "Use the gift giving technique to have your message go viral." Annette Gray
exactly. I'd much rather spend my time doing things than tracking how long I've been doing things.
Derek Landri definitely worth bringing back for another year. See if last season was aberration. PFF had him as 4th most effective DT.
Remodeled clinic eases ordeal of chemotherapy
Ready to go hoop
Nobody wants to take blame for a bad sex session so the right thing to do is bring your A game (both parties)
Seriously, where's the regular season Blues, or the first round blues?
logo quiz will be the death of me.
pain is temporary, pride is forever. Tattooed on my side
I shoulda ate more broccoli as a kid. My chest pubes are lacking hardcore. The old bastards are right for once
The difference between Trayvon Martin & Zimmerman is basically Trayvon had his hood on and Zimmerman didn't! #I'm just sayin'
Sometimes u gotta b thankful 4 the blessings!
Starting LOST.
yes, email it and we will try to have the address changed before it gets shipped out.
right?! but there's nothing wrong with a good laugh ;)
you're right. we accidentally sent that to everyone :( our apologies.
If you're tryna match hit me the fuck up
Odd that makes me go through iTunes to add local music. Would rather just skip over iTunes; barely need it.
LOL hope cameras didn't take pics of u with the sticker!:)
Emily wants me to find Prince Charming... wtf.
Thanks Carey!
how was the bachelorette last night? 76ers/celtics had my attention. were all the guys there for the right reasons?
I agree! I was worried about this as well!
Ready for some playoff football? We are! come join us today. Bloody Mary bar, food and drink specials all day.
It never snows in Williamsburg.
Almost 1000 followers!
I hate to be the one to remind you of this, but here goes: we lose an hour of sleep tonight thanks to Daylight Fucked-Up Time.
That's interesting. Functions as a benefit auction on behalf of artists and collectors.
so do you have an extra ticket for me!!
Time to talk social, mobile and local...
Nice to see at
Be safe tonight. Assign a designated driver. Remember moderation is the key!
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create. - Leonard Sweet
you got your own place?! How are you feeling?
#MaydayParadeJake ox you could meet anyone, dead or alive, who would it be?
some people have to learn,some people wait their turn,some people but not me.... I was born a champion!!!
My mom just texted me that my sweet 16 year old dog Copper died this morning. I feel like my heart just got ripped out.
Q. What do you call a witch who lives at the beach? A. A sand-witch.
I won 10 dollars on and instant ticket... lol
#Android issue 23365 (can't run ant test on projects with libraries) killed me so bad. Finally found the bug & workaround!
i fell last night dirty dancing....
You bet, looking forward to your tweets!
OT in FLA. Good luck Devs and Cats - I'm going to bed
Looking good, handsome!! :) miss you a lot!!!
Still not sure if the red eye was the best choice, but I'm home and somewhat recovered after a six hour "nap"
I am such a wallflower.
Crying baby one row back on my plane does not work !!!
Too many kids in in-school suspension, disproportionately black males.
I swear I just heard a little puppy yelp in my apartment.
say sorry!!!
Smaller arts grants awarded for PBS shows
but braces make everything better. just kidding. they rlly dont.
Tonight I learned what Whiz time is... It was funny.
These children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast women and cheap drinks.
ally! I hope it is all over
We always wish Kim the very BEST :)!
Murray State is good...that PG one of best in country glad I picked them to win this one.
yeah your right x3 teehee kant stop looking at me beautifully gorgeous babe x3
Oh yea! I like how it feels!! Tonight we can fly!
Justin performed on stage with a broken leg and people still hated on him. sad sad people.
i've been up since 7. It's too early. I wanna be sleeping not on my way to a soccer game.
Chilly night with an official low at RIA of 22. Cold temperatures will persist today with highs in the upper 30's along with sunny skies.
Blackened chicken sandwich special for today!
out of a bowl, word, then I had like 90percent odds of winning, but didn't win, if u search ssgmusic u can see all the tweets
Yes, but I'm all for it.
Thanks! I was there, i didnt see her, but i did see Prince Harry
Im looking forward to the Pack Vs Rams game. I just moved to Missouri and im going to the game
U.S. Stocks mostly rose by late afternoon trade, with financial shares taking the lead as investors shrugged off Europe's election results.
Right back atcha! RT : , thank you for the good work that you do!
hey girl
Go buy a frozen turkey and take it to #Donuts for turkeys at
Seriously. He has one job.
1st has Mingo ever elected a female County Clerk? Second, were Diamond's allegations to pass the blame on to someone else?
you're preaching to the choir. I tweeted that link a dozen times.
where did u hear this?
liking early Seatle recomendations, Melvins and The Fastbacks especially, just pulled up Hype...I heard of it but never watched it
2 big guys up front inmiller and schwartz to go with thomas, alex, pinkston and lauvao was a smart move
It smells like the ocean in town today. My favorite!
Wow nice day in austin for flipping tires!
I usually take my tree down on January 1st. What about you guys? :-)
World premiere of Bryce Dessner's St. Carolyn by the Sea up next, inspired by Kerouac's Big Sur.
Being hungry and jet lagged past the point of exhaustion is a volatile combination. I better take a long nap today..
Just passed Running Times self-test for readiness for minimalist shoes. Whew!
if ur using Photoshop pick - psd
<~~~ is in love with the Wordpress app he discovered for his phone. It's the little things, yanno?
I wish I could! Sound like it's going to be a fun night!!
“Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.” ― George Carlin
I started my first job out of law school 31 years ago today
Why'd I do that? lol...
Thanks to New Girl, I keep calling Merlot the slut of the vineyard.
Moonpies #Talladega media center..totally shocked. Was expecting carrots and apples.
Wow. Just, wow...RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case
Cooking up a promotion for May that will blow your minds
Responded to FIRE @ 1253 Rogers Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 15 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I get jealous way too easily, but atleast it shows i care.
Is the best person ever!
Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove
You'd think people would remember this little thing called religious freedom, and that we are a nation of all religions as well as atheists.
wait hold on but me and still have to make this trip to red lobster eventually.
solid spring break
Hello everyone! I'm new to this so give me a minute! :)
Bought some SINA call options today with the stock at 63.25. When the Facebook IPO comes next month, look for social media stocks like SIN…
Happy Cinco de Mayo to all of our followers!
We officially recognize all moms today. We humbly, gratefully, & w/much adoration thank them for what they do every other day. Thanks Mom!!
Why don't more women wear dresses like in the 1940's?
We are proud sponsors of a 5K Charity run/walk for ... run with us tomorrow! www.kickitforkenya.com
there is always next year, although you will be missed!
Facebook users can find us at ... facebook.com/Orangegroves
Ugh this is why I hate going to bed past 10 on a damn school day, I feel like they poured Benadryl in mg veins.
check out tom pepe's song cupatea and my first song to see if you like that for violin rap
I know! I logged on the other day and Poof! everything changed. Getting used to it though.
She's right too, at least there aren't any dead animals.
I hate you bro! Leo is going this Friday again :')
Just bought a fish from walmart. Named it Kanye. And, he's gay. Hopefully someone else besides me gets it..
Double woo!
Say girl, say, happy birthday
I dont have pix of them lol
See you there! #GetAmbushed RT : Excited for Saturday with
i just followed everyone on here on instagram
Four days until my Birthday!
I hate mrs dehont Uggh she is so annoying
Still in bed
Yes, I'm good. Thank you. I had to take a break. I might re-activate it one day.
What's done is done. Fuck it
heeyy, so you haven't noticed me like ever :/ & you missed my birthday like 2 months ago
#sportingkc lost today...let the overreaction and doomsday talk begin!
This is what makes twitter & Facebook a great marketing medium in this age of advertising and promoting your service or product
don't worry, it's not
Always a good time -- finish you're studying so we can go back for round 2
World Cup - Blatter concerned by Brazil delays
wait a minute.....this kids a douchebag!
My last tweet was in reference to my complicated friends with benefits relationship I've embarked on with my doorman
RT : Start sending your questions for the artists now!
Thought you would! If you've ever heard cicadas...analogy resonated.
#padres home opener!!!!!
I'm not masturbating but, I'm feeling myself.
we are til 8 if you stop by i'll give you one..#kop now owes me :)
Would anyone be willing to do Bar Louie? Our agency is doing HH there at 4. Let me know :)
Thank you so much to everyone that attended our event Thursday! It was an amazing turn out and we really appreciate it.
Definitely got the Bud light platinum randomly at CVS this morning w/o realizing its like their new vehicle product
Want to help 27 million slaves be freed? Download song 2day. Please do it now! Has moved from #62 to #50 in hour. We want 2 get to #1 2day!
Allways been a bad bitch never been a stupid bitch.
Really happy it holds up on multiple viewings!
Babe is sleeping over !
Moment of lightness in morning news: learning from on that Warren Buffett will sing in China's Spring Festival.
Who is tweeting?
The Vicious Red Relic, Love, by former punk frontwoman Anna Joy Springer, is making gorgeous waves throughout the literary world. Now work…
right now?
its like the toostie roll commercial now bc ill never knw
Happy Holidays from !
Just noticed was my 1,000th follow!
United airlines is completely inept...this "company" is ripe for disruption.
I grew up in New York City, Since I was born on Broadway, baby! Black Jesus † Amen Fashion ,, Celebrate Uh Uh Uh ,, Black Jesus x3 On The ♥
My goodness bunch of weirdos
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. Mahatma Gandhi
Raise your hand if you hooked up at #ala10. No? You have 24 hours. THERE IS STILL TIME.
I felt Tyler Perry thru the T.V. that was deep
How's that gameface coming along? I am abt to begin calling bars to see if I can find a TV on which to watch this epic tilt.
Came in the game like speedy Gonzalez
No one ever gives me back what I give them
RT Work hard at what you love. Never give up. Let your results speak louder than the haters words. Repeat.
Da Bitches We Argue About Irrelavent. I Don't Even Remember I Prolly Was Hella Bent. .
I could reach in 2...from #17 tee.
“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.” ― Niels Bohr
then come and eat off our SIMPLE & FIT menu at IHOP !
RT!!! Come Dance with me tonight 730pm!!!
Show this fri, 7/8 at Ye Old Town Inn in Mt Prospect. 8:30 with friends! Come get rocked! Shirts and CDs available.
Because they enjoy the irony? :)
wtf.have you been?
Tweaked elbow has left be doing mostly legs for 2 weeks...Feeling like the hulk is building up inside. I WANT TO MOVE SOMETHING HEAVY!!
Scream the things you could never say.
oh yea man watsup...u gotta get a pic on your twitter bro lol
I did hear these guys at sxsw
solo in NYC right now, everybody workin except me- so what the hell am i supposed to do
Hey, look at our new logo for #MLA13!
I should have bought Willow at Target, now every store is closed.
Hello world. OHC on twitter is back!! Follow me =D
RT : This is the dumbest football team in the history of the world.
last night was amazing!!! Hope to see you guys again soon!!!
Any word on Rice or Flacco signing with the #Ravens before season starts?
I am tweeting from my grave cause Justin has finally killed me.
Wow, #Penguins. Wth are you guys doing?
If metro drops my call one more fucking time....
- great paper! Thanks! And timely - we are in the middle of our first serious epub project.
I can't even process the thought of watching the finale :(
Today was so weird but fun :) .............maybe this week hasn't been as bad as i thought
I'm scary spice
dude, if you want your 90's kick, go watch cant hardly wait. m jennifer love hewitt
where you be
Yea I Still Care About U But How Much Should I When Ur Not My Woman?
Don't think I can make it to Gwar tomorrow, so I may have to make a showing at the HOG meet & greet at 3
finally opening grad gifts and cards...
#Badgers are a 4 seed and will face the Montana Grizzlies in Albuquerque
Goddess of History.
damn she mad -.- she really said "my new boyfriend "... -.-''
2012 Ms. SF Leather is on October 27th! Save the date!
CD Mastering, Online Mastering, Audio Mastering, Mixtape Mastering 48hr Master One Place
You too :-)) RT Hope you all have a day filled with joy and cooperative people :).
When life gives you Mike's Hard Lemonade, you're probably gay.
I have to go to work and I look like I have two black eyes.... Wtf
This series is both awesome & agonizing! Back-and-forth-&-back-and-forth!
Don't see the e-book exhibitors talk, was it recorded?
Have you guys hear the song 'Trouble' by Never Shout Never?
RT : Shout out 2 the ladies! Carpe diem! "The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives u power. U just take it."Roseanne Barr
Wen I get retweed I feel like a motherfuckin superstar
In honor of first parade, we'll be featuring a "Night" image from our historic Mardi Gras archives on our FB page tomorrow
you should make a twitter for Mirror Shane :D
Thank you!
- yeah, well…compared to Florida, we don't have bugs. :) I see ants and moths, grasshoppers…uh…bees/wasps…flies…
Why should you be content with so little? Why shouldn't you reach out for something big? - Charles L. Allen
But I'm tired of rapping off of people's beats,I wanna make my own.
the blondetourage is about to get blonder.
thank you! Hope you're enjoying #peru!
I'm going to be an AUNT!!!! Congrats to my brother and his wife! Naturally I'm going to be the best aunt ever!
#Love Food...good for the soul...
Dont forget 2 come over to Paradigm Gardens this weekend for our Summer Blowout Sale! Most products are 10%-75% Off.
Thank you!
burbank is the best airport! so chill, waiting for my flight to SFO and then on to DC for the screening at Museum of the American Indian
it was Casper
this track "Blue Moon" by is smoking...it's making my work day a lot smoother..
my parents say I can't either! :(
careful. It's like the joke about being the smartest man in the room: You're in the wrong "room."
I know that I am here and you are there, but we still have our love
..with the fan support needed to bring on higher $ players. That's what worked in the 90's & that's what's needed now.
what astonishes me most is that you'd have to pad a resume to get that job...
make two dreams come true but following me nd 1
it is, and the fact that's she's dead serious makes it even better
RT - Smh... somebody just asked me if jacksonville still had da Jaguars....*sighs* I'm go sit back down before I hurt ...
I like that.
-smiles sweetly, showing my dimples- Hello there.
best mussels ever, and great music. see you there
These chicks crazy
I think that the modeling I'm watching now are stupid and is not organized properly they are complicated
Thank you, thank you!
Singing! I knew Barnbaum would deliver.
n u didnt invite me?
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
I'm not sure what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I know I'm not perfect -and I don't live to be- but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean!” ― Bob Marley
Happy Birthday to the best linebacker in the history of the game !
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
are you doing active or all time?
ash.....miss you all!......are you in georgia?
We share the same taste in cuisine LOL
WATCH LIVE: News conference at landfill on search for 5-year-old
Online ticket sales end at noon. A limited number of tickets available at our admissions area beginning at 2 pm. Cheers!
It's really hard to drunk text when you can't see
Watching the news... Two teachers got into a fight
RT : a big dont is to stop adapting,or stop learning. The world is constantly evolving
no more rules...let the music set you free!!!
Tweeting my twitterific thoughts on the matter of my paper slogging atm
we have to make good ole Opperman proud!
#I #fucking #hate #people #I #really #do. PrincessCiera
#nowplaying Truth of A Liar - August Burns Red
We need to sell ourselves and tell our story. -Diane Reiss, professor , on how to keep women in academe.
We've had food trucks driven in but never an oven! Very exciting :)
i like my girls head south and they ass north----> #Cking*
ya da Knicks had a good season i think its gone 4-0 sweep
I'm about to go from ashy to classy.
Simple. RT : Truth, relevance, unselfishness, simplicity, timing - TRUST leads to #likeability -
Don't mind me if I get weak in the knees. You have that effect on me. You do.
I hate I can never fall asleep once I'm up -.-
Thanks, Dan! You sure are swell!
Dave can you start calling the race early I have to go to work?
You can now get your big-ass sandwiches with The "pay with " app, open a tab, order and you're done!
"There aren't many things you're good at, but being a fucking creep is one though." My coworker. Spot on.
we're pretty close to Canada, so come on up. I think we can take a boat there, btw.
Wish someone would bring me tres leches
A brutal schedule. RT : If #Nuggets complete rally and win first round, they would open semis at #Thunder on Monday night.
I had bets on
Hey you stupid fucks......when you go drink at Sauvies, take your fucking trash with you. Don't be a piece of shit.
I was just going to tell you you need to listen to it!
Students who may have a non-business undergraduate degree looking to enter the field of business will also benefit from this program.
And based on his performance tonight, Dwight's doing his best to get SVG fired on the court too.
I been sleeping allday
": Did the celtics already play?" Blew philly out
How fun! Tell him I said hi! Greetings from West Texas to West Virginia to Kunming :-)
Cotto! Cotto! Cotto! Such a close fight. Two rounds to go and it very well could be even right now.
Your library is now open 24/7 until May 8. Good luck on the final papers and final exams!
Avs overpaid! Caps gotta B happy to get so much for a player not in longterm plans. I wish Broncos could trade Orton for a #1 & #2!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<37
On the job search? RT : Google your name + name of most recent employer. What comes up (or not) is more important than resume or CV.
Wood Ranch BBQ on a Saturday afternoon :-)
been to sleep twice today!? Mono, I went to bed at 5am, got up at 10am stayed up, went to work till midnight, and...
N it definitely was a waste of time and #tragic cuz he came in the house too late bt im not mad i understand y
Lets rewind to 7 months ago so i can be esley the good girl again :p RT : okay okay your not:) & dont we all!!!
Hope Griffin is okay
Melloy Dodge needs good used cars! Trade yours in for $5000 over KBB.
The Movie Sensei officially gives #Contagion the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Chrome was being a real jerk this morning, so I am relegated back down to Firefox.
Did u tell him??
Want to easily tell your fans where youre cooking? Fill em in on Antengo a free app with real-time, location-based classifieds
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
Thank You, Sallie! Ur a sweet Blessing! {Hug} :)
Yall sure did keep up the good work
Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! Brewers! I'm so flipping excited, I don't even know what to write.
Thanks for the Retweet! We are looking forward to it.
Thanks for letting me share DC story. Dave you did a great job playing host!
« #oomf a Freak with these tweets»
It was #Adele with the broken vodka bottle in the hash bar. R.I.P Amy!
We might burn like gasoline & fire, but it's a chance we'll have to take.
that is the best horse_ tweet in a while
Delta Passengers filmed the bird strike that hit the engine of the plane they were on! Delta complaining iPad should have been turned off?
And just realized that two weeks from Tuesday I start the Fruit Feast cleanse. Blinking. Blinking some more. haha
youre the greatest
what u mean no explanation I'm tryna figure out what u mean
i haven't seen the books. A Markakis, Roberts and (presumably) a Jones contract won't break a franchise.
the problem is people are addicted and can't give it up. Fans spend a ton on this game and nowadays extra $ are scarce.
yup I am. Listening?
How To Train Your Dragon can not open soon enough! I feel like it should have opened in Jan! Can I move on to Iron Man 2 and Shrek 4 yet?
Great web site! You mention Quality Management Assessor this is interesting, any more data on this available?
i think i peaked creatively with my UM-commissioned collection of Spanish children's songs...
Its boring!!!
Having a favorite/home team sets you for disappointment 19 out of 20 years.
Fantastic day shooting the diner scene and museum scene getting ready for nights this week - gotta have a lot of coffee :)
Pro-love is your #rapture out of a world of hate.
OH: re: Housing Shortage in San Diego -"They aren't making more dirt, but they are still making more babies! "
good rest for the Big 3, Neal, Leonard, and Jackson.
yhur birthday is 2maro.. we will talk about it then. Lol
I'm STILL at the bowling ally but their playing boyfriend by justin bieber<3
"A general air of tension, marked by frequent bursts of laughter, seems to pervade the throng."- THE STRAW
That picture is rad. I'm completely jealous. Have a blast man!
Just keep spinning just keep spinning
thank you!! I love them they add a different touch and keep me warm :)
#ALLIN ready for the War Sunday Mario!! Good luck and Go Big Blue!!!
following back
., feel like making a dream come true on this fine Friday? It's easy: just wish a very happy birthday.
Follow the beautiful n get a S/O n an #InstantFollowBack!!
I'd be interested to read studies of the types of libraries (public, academic, etc) that are most active on twitter/FB.
That's not very friendly, is it?
ha #bringthenoise and cute crying babies too! “: Are you implying we were super noisy? :)”
The thing scratching my window :(
they slow u down and give u bad reps i feel ya!
Just got off the phone with my daddy #TeamCeltics 💚🍀💚🍀💚
Last night must have been that awesome
Question(no offense to anyone): when the fuck did we start following Justin Bieber? -Damien Wolfe
Check it out! Representing
if says ok then we can!
this pitcher is trying to take out their kneecaps!
We're off to the Federal for dinner before the show, Ryan Roberts Trio with Matt Yeakley.
Apartment fire. All residents safe. This includes my mother. Red Cross called. Fire Dept investigating. Bldg standing but totaled.
lmfao at Herd right now lol
Last tweet for you. I know you don't want to know someone who makes cupcakes like that.
Great show last night! Bollywood was amazing! You and do a great job! Cant wait to be on a show like
I don't mind if your not going to help me, but stop working against me
Happy birthday to my beautiful and remarkable wife, ! I learn from her everyday.
lol I was bout to say , and thanks
LMAO. Im good bro. cant complain. Workin on a new Tape as well bro.
Just ran the Columbus 10k - my first race - in under an hour and feeling great! Time for some serious lunch action.
Nice to see KU didn't show up 2nite. Bad for my bracket but good for big ten.
Are you going to take a fancy photo for it?
The Marlins are going to sign Heath Bell
Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good.
I wonder the same thing every time I see that commercial!
Leyland on Inge/Raburn struggling "thats just part of the game, they have to fight their way out of it and I'm sure that will happen"
Dudes, how was #Wits on Friday?
Looking forward to the BCBG show & seeing the new Fashion Week set-up.
Your Twitter entry for the Valentines Day Giveaway is in! Good luck!
If your in SAG or AFTRA, please support
So what is your vote iphone or Android?.... so far iPhone leading
Tiao He Cleanse: $43 Intensive full body cleansing became popular bc the synergistic effect of the 6 products created a remarkable result!
What other game would I bring? RT : you better bring your A game to Carlsbad!
this is why ticks are so scary- they can survive almost anything!
I DM you my #
i just want school to be over and brad paisley to come sooner
Addicted to the Adam Corolla podcasts!!!
damn! that foot...she missed it and got all curled up in a ball. my hands are now sweaty but was grt to hear that click of the draw
SHOT"S GO OUT TO ON THE COME UP SHOW ..TUIN IN IN THREE MINS..ASAP!!
lol already did
Damn it Brandon - Porcello not gonna make it out the 1st inning
Nobody is perfect. Thats why pencils come with erasers(:
Will I see you at one of my summer signings?
Song's an island sounding party song called "chuck my money"
C u Next Tuesday!
Lotsa zine events happening in the week leading up to the fest...
not at all
lolz! Lies & more lies
I got a ATL necklace from hot topic anyone wanna see it no ok 
Tweeting in Spanish >>>
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to reading your tweets
Any suggestions on good Marketing books?
do you do any other shows ? ;)
lol It is possible that is what I am talking about!
Darmen? Sounds like your barista missed his morning coffee. lol
This is the absolute worst-case scenario that the #Caps could have hoped for. They are being outplayed in the first five minutes.
Just ordered my new Droid X phone - very exciting! I'll update upon arrival next Friday! Thanks for the recommendation, !
haha!:P and thanks!!:)
So happy Michigan won. GO BLUE... WE won the BIG 10 title, well with 2 others but still we won!
I'm a sucker for a fancy lower-case g.
yes I am
man my ankle hurt
Yes, I love him.
when i saw his face i started screaming.
LMAO no omfg, but those are my favorites. I would imagine they'd be making a new one in the future, it was really popular
#RunningQuote: "Running is the greatest metaphor for life, because you get out of it what you put into it." -Oprah Winfrey
working on an imprinted sunglass request. Not only perfect for summer, but wonderful for winter and snow events!
Check out my NFL selections and picks video on www.thechiefsports.com See why I took the Rams, Niners, Chargers, Jags and Bengals
First the Crosby Sweepstakes, now the Jagr Sweepstakes? Come on people. He can still score, but he only has a year or two left in him.
we know you recently posted about biking in #Indy - check out our new MTB series & share if you think followers would enjoy! :)
Money talks boosie will walk
i miss seeing around. her ass went GHOST.
Absolutely. Great moves to give Luck help.
Just finished new stone collection "Metamorphosis ". From Ordinary to Extraordinary!! Coming soon to
"If you don't like what's being said, change the conversation."
We don't even have to do anything exciting or fun...I just wanna spend time with you.
Forgot to tell you how much we loved you on #Torchwood. Great reverse head shot! (scooter guy & son from Minchin show)
Is it weird when I eat m&ms I make sure I eat all the other colors first so I end up with only Gator/Broncos colors?
Word. I'm 3K miles away. RT : Don't take living near your family for granted
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action.
THAT MOVIE WAS SO GOOD!
Major turf war for the last few days. Drive by clawings.
niocee~ I always think of it when its rains:3!
I am unlike anyone you have or ever will see
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it" - Jonathan Winters
Stop by registration to get your Melbourne cup horse.
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get too crazy tonight!
I made a quote just like this in a diff picture about blue eyes but then I lost it then I found this pic and I was happy
Thanks for the original tweet. It's indeed a sad day for the wild rumpus of young readers' lit.
Gnite..Happy Birthday Mom!
Porcello's cut sleeves are shorter than normal.
i didn't find any tickets, but i'll be in NYC on new years eve already. Can we still hang out :)
My boy Nemanja is 21!!! Happy birthday man.
RT : TNT's Steve Kerr on the #Lakers: "This just doesn't look like a championship team."
Fresh out the shower
well i said it would be chippy just had no idea it'd be in my neck of the woods and not just on the court...
Thank you for ur support!
If we do lose well keep it close
Get your cameras out! Super nova full moon Tonight - Brightest and LARGEST it'll ever be ! Best view at 8:35
RT I need volunteers to go through a Community Manager Foundations class I'm developing with Argyle Social.
: " music always catchy make you sing it all day"duh
wanna go skating?
So true! Learning rules.
at dca waiting for blue line
I just love coffee it simply makes me all happy and warm and fuzzy. Also let's me forget the fact that I got 4 hours of sleep last night😱
Watching on blogtv. It's been at least 6 months since the last time I watched a blog. I've missed it. ❤
we can say that Ihop is giving away pancakes in response to Denny's free grand slam breakfast offer
It's not me, it's you. Actually, it's the taxidermy of you and me.
I start work tomarrow finally :)
It's ironic that #SecretAvengers is the best G.I. Joe book that's actually NOT G.I. Joe.
Sexy salsa but lame talking by the other football player
Guess who's giving presentations at four Bay Area REI's this summer? Teddy Roosevelt. Just kidding - he's dead. It's me.
Just saw Gwen Ifill from PBS Newt HQ. He's on his way to give his victory speech. We never partied with Republicans before.
dogs in strollers, sitars, pianos; gosh I love Washington Square Park
If you criticized Lebron a month ago for choking in the finals, you better criticize these girls, cuz they just did the same damn thing
Facebook: "What's on your mind?" Twitter: "What's happening?" Myspace: "Where did everybody go!?" (Stolen)
develop more easy-to-use apps for Mac to have fun on Apple devices.
Follow me please! I Love you so much 1-4-3♥, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoListen. I'm Uruguayan! I Love You
#Heat-Lakers um the LAKERS r going to win whos watching the game and paying attention to the score cuz i am and its looking pretty good!
Looks like the crowds are definitely back downtown. Good to see you all
the "ecosystem" drawing we put on the napkin last night was our attempt at a start.
Going shoe shopping after work today. Do they make light up shoes for adults? Let's hope so! Going for it.
RT : Time for #runchat so you all have been forewarned.
Not awesome: tummy still hates me. - happy happy birthday if I don't make it later!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ? I love you. a lot.
I used to want to be a scene model, but I grew up. It's time you do to. ;)
Got big plans for tonight? We do! #PinterestParty 7PM tonight with Join in!
#mobprocconf collateral surveillance and power asymmetry (referencing licoppe)
what you buy every gun they have in call of duty?!
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version. Damn
next 1st take, one on one, Stephen A vs. Skip. My moneys on Skip!
I own the DVD.
Finally seeing #ThinkLikeAMan !! Still a sold out crowd, in a few days I will see
agreed. It's baffling that the only formal communication b/w GUSA and funding boards is through a Senate committee
Updating 8 portfolios is a lot of work!!
are you coming to our #Women-Owned #Business #Networking Social on 3/20 ?
all we have is now, the only constant we know and never understand
Stickn to my plan for 2012
The Truth just dropped a Tebow!!!!
Divine cooperation and synchronicity are established in my consciousness, my experience and my expression.
I go to bed with anxiety I wake up with anxiety.. just wonderful
what r the odds that political corruption in Il. Will evr b cleaned up
Happy St.Patricks Day to you too!
More like what I'm gonna do
Emailing, as you suggested, following my ping of yesterday ...
Washington Business Journal named Maslow the #1 #Media Production Company for 2012!! TY for this great honor.
school lunch is so nasty.....
wishin I didnt have to explain this to Joshua!
Madden: need to make sure all criminal justice programs are evaluated, set goals and require them to report results.
RT “: I love you. You are the object of my affection and the object of my sentence. ― Mignon Fogarty"
So many problems could be solved by many Michael Keatons.
We, The home of the WICKED are so pumped for the Boston Red Sox to start! #KeepUpTheGoodWorkInFL #BostonOnTheRun Follow back??
Appreciate all the followers&retweets :)
I was born a leader the only time I might follow is on twitter.
Check us out on Facebook: Coastal Aquatic Creations
lol, yeah right
im on my way home(:
Results are in! SPJ Awards winners are posted at www.spjsandiego.org. Look for your name & join us at awards banquet July 7!
Me 2! C u there! MT is looking forward to presenting at the 2012 American Studies Association meeting in San Juan Puerto Rico!
Dawn... you made it, welcome!
Final score: Virginia 5 NC State 1
Tosa had a house fire earlier @ 2409 N 63, 1 smoke victim. Nothing going on now, just waiting for
thanks for mentioning Devon! He is an inspiration and it gives the kids at Eaglecrest something to root for!
Fabulous session with on facilitating online learning! OMG!
No class tomorrow. Happy labor day.
You never know just how the story ends or how the story goes.
you dont honestly think im not already following do you?
photo of typo shirt please?
just followed u now follow me twizzler lol rabies
Too exhausted to keep reading tweets. Mentally drained now. Exit light. Enter night. Take my hand. Off to never never land...
T minus 63 minutes.... #Go Blue! Sparty sucks!
okay awesome! Haha I didn't either!
so proud of ur kalbi jim. For record, mama DID serve it like that
excited #edcamphilly on Saturday, always a joy to surround myself with passionate educators, giving up a full Saturday to connect and learn
RT : I don't know how to do this stuff well but I hope you got my congrats. I'm in Showboat w/Joel. He is funny []
Daily Special, Tue 05/15/12 - Roast beef, ham, turkey, choice american/swiss, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion, on italian roll, w/ FF. $6.09 RT
dude. I saw you today in your car and might I say, you have an awesome car.
Thanks Christy!! I'm super excited about it #BeanTastic!!
IB tests, meaning i can chill all day in class. all day.
You could be watching the 678th GOP debate with the rest of us : tree of life...tree of boredom.
Great job on your spoken word performance #JyreikaGuest. Thanks for being a #FreedomFighter at
Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game...
Avant made me so mad today.
Now that the dust has settled, I have to admit: I wasn't a fan of the "Swagger Wagon" video. There, I said it.
#Scandal is the type of show you sip some brown liquor while watching. It's that intense.
When I want to do something I always think "would a dumb person do that?" If they do, then I do not do such thing.
Did you see #MySinatra this past weekend? Tell us what you think!
Do you know what always annoyed me? That for all seven seasons of Voyager they wore the old DS9/TNG uniforms. Yeah I know, nitpicking.
Crunch time
Good luck tonight!
guess whose defense I have playing this week :-(
RT “: You were born to be real, not to be perfect."
That guy on the Telly was amazing with horses
Seven more weeks until the Best Summer Ever.
thanks for the follow and support Mickey keep cheering for your favs and check out
Thanks, ! I wore the shirt today. Love it! :)
as yall can see the Lakers fans are all pissed
dated no way? Certain subjects each sex excels. Prefer single sex education any day!
#changeofplans out to walk franklin street verrryy son! mario & luigi bout to do it again, and again ...maybe one more time
RT Why is it always war with us?:"(
OK, brilliant. Something on the theme of #innovation or #crowdsourcing, perhaps?
miami (ohio) has informed b roethlisberger that he will be permitted to walk with other students but bathroom breaks will not be allowed
should be fun. Big show in a bigger venue. Is a gal on the guest list? Lol
hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :)))
and : Don't want to lose your constituents' support and your seat? Listen to us. Reject SOPA and PIPA.
it's snowing!
Oh good! No worries then.
That is the truth. Another dude killed his uncle by beating him over the head with a hammer. Stuff is just crazy!!
Feeling blessed and surrounded by love thanks to and
Wearing my wedding ring for the first time, doesn't feel like a part of my hand yet
ATT settles class action over termination fees AP - AT
thanks! the updated deadline isn't listed on the web site.
so many hot deals... You have less than a month to prepare for my visit to #NYC u betta
Me too! I miss you! The show was so great! It was so good to see you, Mitchell and Ms. June! Let me know when you do another show!
I have menudo and comfort food for you!!
Nice popcorn maker!
Another part of Florida next time....
Every1 loves Barbara Bush's Wellesley speech in '90, she did not do as well at Northeastern a few years later
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process. -Jim Rohn
call me soon as he start coming tell Cajun to face time me
Milwaukee WI Im down to put my city on the map I see how yall do it where yall from but home is where my heart at so I'm a cheesehead jack
WORKS FOR ME
#thomaskeller favorite simple roast chicken recipe & yet-to-be-released #fessparker #whitewine - perfect Sun night dinner!
Can You Follow Me :(
Tonight is National Night Out! Get out and meet your neighbors tonight...its going to be a beautiful night!
It's Thursday , You Already Know What It Is...
Living the glamorous life -- Brunch at the #RitzCarlton in #SouthBeach Miami!
RT One friend can change your whole life.
thanks! It's a great movie!
it would be great, but i would be hard to communicate. i dont speak the best english. ;)
We appreciate the compliment!! Hope y'all are off to a great 2012!
Random tweet. Lmao =)
Hopefully gunna be gettin some clan matches goin this weekend!!!!
I mean 8 mexicans in the room..
Literally...The Avengers Was The Greatest Movie I've EVER SEEN. & I Plan To See It 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
thanx to for throwing game 6,We hope you stay in cleveland . Mogotti and only the loyal C-town loves u
Q3. Favorite TV series growing up.
Tweetdeck always crashes on me #frustrating but I love #hootsuite for iPad
Showed my friend a pic of a guy & her reaction was "it's like you looked up the definition of #sexpervert in the dictionary"
“: Need a tip on how to make good music? Make sure there's an accordion in there somewhere and it's gold.” Agreed.
#stopkony I heard #TOMS shoes was gonna partner with #invisiblechildren but they couldn't find their feet.
....three more hours
STOP SENDING ME F4F'S PLZ :)
HELL YEAH. I gotta go to Church though /: when I get back? ;) we finna show these nigletssssssssss up!!!
Holy freaking #HEAT! This is crazy. Make sure to #water your #plants. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and Cool off!
Thank you! I've recently launched and looking to create a strong marketing campaign. Is that something you can help with?
we forgot to say (excuse our tardiness), thank you for the encouragement. Glad you enjoyed the panoramas!
I had 2 look him up 2 be sure the story I'd heard was true. I agree we have many problems between skin color that need serious love.
I don't think so. I care about it in general, but I'm so sick of hearing about it. I'm glad I'm not a local reporter.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW EXCITED I AM TO SEE YOU!!(:
I wonder if water is grossed out by soda- because its so gassy?
Thank you for the RTs!
Me too PJ!!
what's missing in #grefine for you?
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho
See them now! Scentsy is so great....45+ warmers and 85+ scents. One for every decor.
At the gym and workin hard. Sweating like #whitneyHuoston at an intervention.
what? lol. I don't even know you..
Anyone else think they gave Syracuse the hardest division? Osu, fsu, k state, cincy? Looks pretty hard to me.
marlon perkins' wild kingdom sponsor
Wow I was just wishing for a new Shins album. What should I wish for next?
Dylan!!! Tell us already! We're dying here!. :/
If only you knew, I'd be with you...
mostly with you making fun of me I feel.
Yea that is true. You might have to. I watched Spaceballs as a child so I was use to it. Lol
RT : If you haven't received your #SAGAFTRA merger ballot or have any ?s regarding merger, please call (toll free) 855.724.2387.
Why don't blends sell as well as varietals? -- viewer question
you're more than welcome to marry that horse poop city you call home! :P
Why thank fuckin' god? I think you're giving him to much credit.
aren't you in school ? tf'
You two always make me laugh!
I don't know who that guy was but Kudos to you, sir, for taking the Mick out of the annoying Angelina. Was it crowded onstage w/ her ego?
going viral ;)
my mom told me to follow my dreams thats y i follow & ♥
oceansize is the best band i've never heard until now
Feeling smart for getting registration badges last night instead of today
i dnt think so, i think they sellin mo toma I hop cause my mom was on at 10am and couldnt get vip
i wanna know at what time ya'll going to premiere Justins video tomorrow
Beautiful day in a beautiful city...
already read it. It sucked.
I need a new Draw Something opponent. #anytakers ?
Bahaha. I saw this & was like "so did I..."
And my favorite Wrigley chant was... Brunansky's wife's a dyke. Brunansky's wife's a dyke.
Thank you for RT! Best wishes for a healthy and prosperous New Year!
can you get your followers to follow me plz and ill TRY to get you SOME followers tweet bakk plz
You don't think Saturday is washed up?
Tired of being home alone. It's just me and Benjamin for the night
Only a fifth to a quarter of #kids #apps are paid for; rest are free.
new opportunity starting up in LA... can't wait
gotta love those sticky keys
We haven't mentioned the DCGOP. I think you might be talking about someone else's account.
oh my gosh, I did not mean dad! I meant dog!! hahah
You misspelled my twitter name...
ik tht people say stuff but tht just means there jealous at what they dont have(:
Nah, it was a pretty good time. But times are good now too. Too many people wasting time bitchin
You know you are a fan when you drag your mom to the show with you :)
a) you look adorable. b) this is hilarious.
Survey: 1 in 3 Kids Hurt Playing Sports
or do you not think so far ahead? cause i been thinkin' bout forever
Today I'm going to focus on what I need to do today and not what I wish I had tomorrow. Only in focus is there success. Thanks Uncle Rush
Lmao.. That would be awesome!
thats cool but i meant is that you in your pofile pic if so your beautiful
back off haha it's a great show.
Heidi Klum is getting a divorce.
not really ,don't be using me, but when u trying to go
RIP Whitney, you were the best!!!
Its bad when one manager asks another a question and the response is " you'll get a better answer from him. Not her" & her is a mgr he isn't
was like an 8-9% mixture bloomed we shot a ballistics gelatin w a 308 sniper rifle...still retained shape
anything going on tonight?
baby girl pull yo pants up I only want yo face *we onnat*
#IdFangirlIfJustin caked me.
totally. that guy's a wank!
Mindless Behavior
Are they actually allowed to do that? I mean, I would love it, but didn't we elect Biden as our VP, and not Clinton?
PURE SATURDAY'S at FUSION w/ Dj Equis are no longer in effect. 18+ AFTER HOURS are STILL AT CLUBX. LIVE Friday at ClubX 18+ Shocka Shock
At the environmental priorities workshop talking media/ communications. #smartypants abound!
My company is hiring sales associates, let me know if you are interested!
Commercial break again.
I deleted ALL pics of me, and changed my location
What's on your to-do list for the house?
Q2. Companies integrate mobile w/in multi-channel mix in a holistic way achieve 49%greater sales trans vs. non-mobile mix
Congratulations Skip. Hard work and persistance pay off. Keep it up.
RT um where you work--reliant park!!
how are you? you do?
You're a jerk! I was being nostalgic.
my new goal in life is to get #jesstweet trending
Do not dwell on those who let you down. Cherish those who hold you up!
Decisions decisions decisions. Guess it's a good problem to have.
Whenever you make a mistake or get knocked down by life, don't look back at it too long. Mistakes are life's way of teaching you.
Everyone follow ! Lets make this site the best USA site for !
Hahaha! I guessed 4/5 of the top 5 guys too! :) Let's see who I can get in the wild card. I'm hoping for Erika, Brielle, and Reed!
What is your #FamilyTradition on #StGeorgesDay?
GoogleGeo: "In the beginning there was Code, and Engineers saw this and they thought, 'Cool!'" And everyone else thought 'Huh?'"
I'm saddened that Nutgrabber69 didn't acknowledge my Words with Friends request. He must be busy. Grabbing nuts, I suppose.
75% of consumers will buy your product if they like you on Facebook.
Lol, WE FOUND DOVE IN A SOAPLESS PLACE
will we see you tonight at Aloft DIA? 6pm. open to all! come see what is all about! for men too!
Follow and by Be Human on iTunes ASAP!
I wish you would tweet me:/
lmmfao omg tell him to b safe wit u
JcPenny is on crack if they think I'm spending $80 on cowboy boots.
I look at all the lonely people.
follow back??:)
I feel so warmed when I get a new fake Twitter follower. I'm talking about you,
S/O for the opportunity for our artist Mr. My$ta to perform at ur block party
Good morning (:
Can I be the opening act (singer) for your comedy tour?
S/o to the #LoyalFANS of YOUR #CHICAGOBEARS!!!!!! WE ARE !!!!
Ima start drawing people faces n called my álbum making love faces
RT : Must commit to memory RT : Wait wait wait....a Lesbian cock block is called a Beaver Damn?
hahah nah she's not very Internet "social"
Jake Keefer with another nice stop.
Man, y'all know how to have fun.
Mailing is fine. Did Access Tucson contact you?
and Bobby Moynihan remind me of the original #SNL cast.
That's it! I have decided to go on a Markers Mark Free Diet! Holy cow that drink tastes so good but need to let it go!
I was just lucky to have a mom that bought me the cassette; growing up in the bible belt and all.
"The unconscious is much wiser than the conscious mind"
I always pick up plastics in the area.They are so polluting!
Congrats to Haywire. Just made it onto my worst 10 movies of all time list.
thank u now get the other two to be happy lol im gettin it left n right for not sayin i had a boo i said im talkin to this girl
Dear Ladies!! Happy International Women's Day!!!!
I'm the guy with my hands up their ass.
Can someone explain to me why "Crash Your Party" is not on Karmin's album?
When I have. A drem of somebody that don't even talk to me!I never won wake up!!!
Thanks guys! Those popsicles are so good.
Im so tired -.- Idk why.. Im just super exhausted
Patty Mills has 22 points, James Anderson has 16 and DeJuan Blair has 12. The Spurs lead the Warriors 73-65 with 5:54 left in the third qt.
Im gonna whip your legs off your legs. What remains will just be a cruel reminder of what legs once were. haha #3?
Happy Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Reason 29 to love the BBA: Every year we have an elected board that donates their time to support the BBA.
I can unfollow as quick as I follow or quicker.....
yeah defiently :), we need to sort out ice skating!
Is that a new series or the one that has been around for a while?
Stay thirsty my friends
you're welcome! Happy New Year!
Doesn't MR see that Beltway excuses VP gaffes? I'm a diehard O supporter who didn't want Biden; realized his gaffes don't matter
I'm looking into giving my current site a new look
Dear Cheesecake Factory, your delicious 1,000+ calorie dinners will be the death of me Sincerely, everyone
does anyone care to guess who the winner of original song will be>
500 - tell a friend to visit our Facebook page helping us to reach 500! Thank you
RT : Do colors make you think of social movements? Let's have a colorful conversation about how color can create good....
thnkin about rippin one in car on the way to work. probably not a good idea. i might get left in dripping springs
Virtual Choir Live Streaming from LIncoln Center. over 3000 singers from 73 countries. #LCChoir to join the discussion
im more then in love with him & im going to bed I'll talk to you tomorrow
Who is your weight-loss inspiration for 2011? We are going to reveal ours today...
it's ok u just seemed a little irritated
Sushi is the best, if u ever in Atl stop by Twist Restauraunt on Peachtree.....
because no one is tired yet. (:
smh lmao ask if I can sleep over in a few days
Hella just dropped my phone on my bottom lip -.........-
williams-sonoma is now selling beehive starter kits and chicken coops.
Ahh we now have less than 24 hours left! Hurry up and be Tuesday💗 I need Jonathan/Sebastian to burn down the world😱
Words that excite during #GOLF RT Wow .. Or better yet RT Wow wow wow
Steve Jobs was an innovator, inventor, kind soul and genius. We will miss him
hahaha alright I promise I won't quit!
Limone: San Diego's Newest Pop-Up - San Diego Reader (blog)
Huge Boxing class tonight at the gym. Duke is making 'em sweat! The Swittels are in the house!
PHILIP <3 OMG
Some people on twitter can be so fucking annoying..
I don't know how I manage to break things so easily!
Even my lawyer b askin iz it dope!..
Sweet! RT Come on in today to enjoy 25% off our yummy food!
I know it looks A-Mazing! Because you own it!
HE KICKED IT IN!
I tried to turn the movie into a sing-along. It didn't go well. Haha. I though the film was great, though. I'm happy I went :)
Great talk this morning!
I would love to go into hospitality and tourism but in this economy it's not realistic.
Jamal Reynolds and Ahmad Carroll think so #$$$$ RT : Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?
hahaha not funny!
DON’T use cleaning products on or near your natural stone unless the label specifies that it is safe for it.
Developing your own creative expression through foundational drawing w/ Surle Bachman, Ed. S. at The Geezer Gallery
Just went back up. No new followers. Hmm? #thankyoujesus You show 667 to me! /via
We'll see you then!
would it really be worth the mess?
Spark wants to know -- do you remembering your favorite science lesson from #BackInElementarySchool?
wow I wish I was there!!!
Listened to the new album and had to pre-order. I want mine downloaded by the time I get up for work. I feel like a kid again!
75 degree weekend in Denver, but winter will be making an appearance on Tuesday, get ready!
Mother fucker! I accidentally added someone on FB. I hope they don't get notification e-mails cuz no.
Google search results warn of compromised sites | InSecurity Complex - CNET News news.cnet.com/8301-27080_3-2… via
Appreciate it. Didn't get in yesterday. Had ton of vendor orders, food, beer, stuff' so was stuck. & now $950 4 new starter!
RT A friend of mine keeps rescuing horses SE of Dallas. Anyone in the area who wants to come play with them can contact me.
Everyone follow - she's new to Twitter! <3
Strictest security I've seen - Albuquerque, NM & Columbus, OH last year. Not LA or NYC.
RT Welcome , renewing IBN member! She makes tropical-inspired skincare products! Go Daria!
The rainbow is more beautiful than the pot of gold at the end of it because the rainbow is now. - Hugh Prather
It's puppy time now, right? :)
are you coming over?
mememememememe!!! Ive never had the pleasure of playing :(
Happy Birthday to Ben , probably the nicest guy in Alaska. After Santa Claus, of course. ;-)
going to see American Reunion today! :D
Between the GMAT and the StartingBloc Institute I'm missing just about every awesome thing in May. Sigh.
Good Morning!
whenever it is, see ya there. I'll be in the stands this time. Considering the gym size, that's the same as one row away in AC
Matt Cassel should be paying him too. #Chiefs #Patriots : #Ravens extend Bernard Pollard's contract
Omaha is a great place with special character. Where do you live?
Working on some wabbit - stuffed with sage and pistachio sausage
Like her wholee forehead is like two big ol' eye brows.
Why don't you just let the phone ring instead of rejecting my call?
#nw X men origins
or a fork at a restaurant.
Restorative yoga and wine.
Let's celebrate 3 pointers and blocks with...no defense
beta unavailing of mlacommons at next year's MLA in boston
A resourceful person can see opportunity when others only see obstacles." — Garrett Gunderson
want to shoot for sometime after you're back?
I miss you too !
Chase Hackett...One Round At A Time!
Beautiful! Last night's sunset in Albany had such pretty clouds as well.
Sure thing! :)
#Kiski School faces Westtown School tomorrow in the State Quarterfinals. 3:45 pm at Westtown School in West Chester, PA.
Why do I get homework from trig everyday and I won't use it in my life?
okay let me know when you know :) you have my number! I'd love to go with yall
“Your hidden talents are the things you could do that would make you happy, But you don’t know it yet.”
Completed a 5 mi run, and feeling good. And a long-time-lost sensation: extra energy.
...Minion, I reveal nothing. The wait will be a torture you must endure. ....which makes me happy ;-)
At the Parthenon Public Relation Awards...dinner=good :)
"the appetite of our present materialism depends upon stirring up our wants-but not satisfying them" -Robert Lane
The size of a mother's brain increases shortly after childbirth according to market research
Time to get up
A lack of hope can lead to a lack of sense, so holding on to hope can spare you from making some disastrous decisions.
It's a fine morning to sit outside at The 5 Point, and warm up for a day of drinking with a huge breakfast. And a drink or three.
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.-Albert Einstein
I need a vacation.
ya i do,me n'my brother watch it together
LIVE LOVE LAUGH!!!
I emailed then. End of sept is what I got back.
that will show him!
stfu and go shave your fanny :3#
Will do! Thanks!
Guys can only go 7 days without sex and that's only cause we forced ourself to get use to not getn any while ur period is on
Q1: Let’s start with World Book Night. Does anyone have good stories from #WBN?
I saw the midnight showing, I'm paying for it today though haha
#Reds take the series from the cubs!
Note to Russ at channel 3: If you can't confirm 2nd death, don't report it. Try sticking to the facts.
Can't wait! Once I get settled and paid, I'll be out your way to see you and (hopefully spring, maybe summer)
Ughhjj I feel so sick
I swear One Thing is like the cutest video ever. They're all so freaking adorable!
Thx for asking Tonito. It's now posted on our site.
you better leave to come eat!
u want go to Atlanta on the 19th son... Meet sum agents and djs and all ... Hit me up son
Pretty decent day considering I spent a lot of it at work, but now I'm on a mission to relax & get to bed at a reasonable time
Damn feels good to be Back home in phoenix!!!
I actually started with a free one (plenty are available), but most have a time limit on the recordings (like 10-15 min allowed)
Haven't had time to put up listings yet, but check the Ball State and Notre Dame employment pages.
so you did hang up..
I should specify: the show, not the movie. Definitely the show.
:( i dont have a camera!:p
Going to see today! Ready for Chi town?
for sure ill talk it up! My bro and co. are interested! Id be interested in doing a couple shifts, dont need a ticket tho!
enjoy! Have a beer for me. Haha
Lets go Charlie Batch
#DontMessWithBeliebers? What the fuck do you think you're going to do if we mess with you, huh? Throw stickers at us?
fail. You never have it...
#game FOLLOW - New song out in a few days
it's a sad commentary on the evolution of force and the unknown ,it's a sad trend !
If you farted in a nursing home would it make a sound? If it did would you blame it on an old lady?
watching danceing with the stars....
have a good day to
We had there all weekend. Pics soon.
sorry for all the posts.. something happened with the RSS feed. Fixed now.
it's a great book. Hint : Ghostly Romance
Had a leetle Q&A w/ Nick and Justin of A Rocket to the Moon yesterday at Warped! Stay tuned. www.thespotlightwebzine.com
I made this feminist media studies collage with DJ, , , , and and it is seriously awesome!
Thank you ! Excited to see all your lines. So many pretty things in one space!!
cool. did you pick a subject area or just from the whole list of dbs?
basically, the term Hollywood Indies blows my mind. &I'm unpacking it, but I want to make sure the term isn't industry standard
haha the love of my life
Taught my son to ride his bike with no training wheels today.
#MontaEllis is a crazy good!
even thousands of years ago. Talk about your time travel!
Was happy the ride to the airport for NYC started with no sleep till Brooklyn on the radio. Then found out why
LUCCCKYYY. they still go to cali tho. I'd like, make my mom bring me to where they are. Isn't austin performing in LA?
Shooting rockets off with in science
“: #unmanlyconfession I sometimes like wearing fuzzy socks when relaxing on the couch...” seriously Please stop
Going sailing in the San Francisco Bay today with my family :) I am so excited and hope I get to see whales and sea lions :)
what a play wallace. What a play
We are very big fans! Keep up the fantastic work! :-)
no D:
Black-owned businesses: create a FREE business profile today!!
I met Anthony Daniels a few times. He's an interesting character. You can definitely see C3PO in him. Have fun!
we're going to see how good #samsung actually is with their customer service. They will decide if I ever buy their brand again. #fixIt!!!
most opera companies do have a student/under 30 program. Some have success with it. Others keep it on the DL. How to maximize?
I think i'm being coming stupid.
#10factsaboutme I can be really bipolar sometimes
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing listenin to this weak ass music dey b playin now a days
every guy has that girl who is his weakness
REMINDER: Classes resume on Monday, January 2nd! We look forward to seeing all of you back on campus next week! Happy New Year!
If I swear realty, can I get knighted?
Congrats , heading to the !
I enjoyed Lorax as much as my nephew did.
": well,I'm still here,it didn't erase Me :-)" ok good!! Only 949 to go lol
"yayyy! lets do 50's for time!"
Catching on fast bro. #OsMagic is a term that carries some heavy weight here in the Charm City. Welcome and Good Luck!
yeah...I'm not even going to attempt to disagree. Touche`
oh trust me, I know<3
Creepiest movie experience ever. MT : Since #thePalms movie theater ... has some serious security issues.. I won't be back.
Hi! Tried using online appt scheduler & am having trouble. Are all appts booked this mo?
