Bigger need, TE or CB? I know you're not a draftnik, but any thoughts on which position might be stronger this year?
RT : Final #unSDCChi session at 3pm. Meet one of the youngest entrepreneurs in Chicago! 16yr old founder of Viatask!
i aint even finna tweet about the Knicks weak ass no more
loved his single! They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start. I had to ask someone -- who is this?
No, Sir! But an A for effort, and a very educated guess!
We MUST get a stop here
ahhhahahaa..you still get a new one tonight though ?
is at the #EmmyFYC site watching Hey, that's in the audience!
Blame it on the ahahaha altitude MT : Kobe has stomach issues, skipped shootaround, and the #Lakers will update his status later
A great message by the today: Taverns won't be punished by being proactive and calling for assistance.
RT : Weird: Twitter did not pass MySpace in traffic until September of 2010. I am honestly surprised. O_o
Lakers biggest lead in three games.
Maybe it isn't "everybody should learn to code" so much as "everybody should learn about programming".
lol I will! I work at SeaWorld San Diego :)
Maybe I need to take a picture with my bikinis so can follow me. :P
Oh, money over bitches? Please, tell me more about how you have neither of those.
awesome! Thank you. I knew you'd have that link handy. :)
And with 1,051 words written tonight----I finished my chapter! Off to go eat.
Robin Thicke.... dont slack on him...
no trash pick up on Oakdale Pl NW in LeDroit Park today. Can you resolve?
Completely. Being with your buddies is what Chicago baseball games are all about.
Dear Bloggers: Don't by shy to ask artists/etsy sellers to review their products. Be upfront or I might think you're trying to charge me.
- nice studio!
Thank you!! “: Having fun at 's going away dinner w/ and ! We're gonna miss you Steph!”
S/O to my new followers:
don't you mean #bakeryproblems or
proposing @ a baseball game>
We are getting ready to launch a Kickstarter project to fund our new set featuring a couple of geeky metal bands. :)
he was great. Sounded sincere. But still tons of questions need to be answered.
: was asking for you ;)
thanks for the retweet, dude
would love that!!! Have a great time! LOVE Caesars Palace!
I was looking at my twitter numbers and I just realized that I don't have "followers" I have "disciples".
I LOVE PLEASE FOLLOW ME<33
1 more try. I love you! Pleasee follow me, i tweet you all the time! #BTRseason3 SO FREAKING SOON. ♥ PLEASE FOLLOW ME KENDALL!
All I know how to make is cereal. I can't live off of cereal for a week. Well I could, but whatever.
Well well well.. hopefully next weekend will be better..
TT faculty needed to solve a problem. They created a magical solution that saved money and took burdensome courses away: adjuncts!
Wow... What a SXSW come to tonight at 1:00am
Who's coming to #BestofSD tonight? Find us by the tweet wall.
one experiences so much more...or at least it is a different experience. I like it.
You always get what you believe you can have.
Lousy SEO - twitter.com/expert
Oh jeez. I can't even imagine... sad world we live in.
I have no idea. I feel like it was a secret idea. Filter magazine keeps tweeting photos right now
So i can
Mitchell-it's a real disservice to people who've spent years on a film to try and instantly sum it in 140chars
Accidental death by heroin use up 75% in Cleveland. Esp white males 20-30 yrs of age.
We are now following you Barbara, thanks for checking us out!
who ended up throwing the first pitch?
ugh, most amazing phone call ever with the most amazing person ever :) is the best!!!
#AWonderfulSurprise is amazing seriously
you can do it!!
Had amazing whiskey cocktail w/ rhubarb bitters in L.A., thought of you!
AAVG this week ASK thinnging out really well.
fill in the blank: If the #Tigers get no-hit by the #Twins I will _______________.
Wow, racist AND violent. Good combo. : When I hear chinese people talk I instantly want to punch them in the face
cnew27 let us go go go
Wally from site chat says: "...thanks for guaranteeing that my social life is over I now no longer have a reason to leave the house." lol
#fridayreads Just finished The Lost Art of Reading by and starting the ARC of Etgar Keret's Suddeny, a Knock on the Door
Listening to my new favorite song, "Glory to God in the Highest" by Big Daddy Weave,
do you hear laughter
Thanks Al, just getting back into Twitter. Been awhile.
O man it is raining... need weed.... "RAIN RAIN GO AWAY SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY.."
we can totally do that, where do you live? You're all over the place it seems!---Rico
Thank you for the RT! Have a great night.
had no one to help me beat up :///
Thanks again!
Taking my boy
Thank you!
Nice! Rock out! :) Let's connect soon regardless of locale.
ps the Black Keys concert is next TUES.!
in approximately 10 seconds I am deleting google+
Do not lower your standards to keep anyone. Make them meet you at your level... self respect is power Jermaine Broadnax
thank you dude :) means so much to us! Working on releasing our ep very soon! Hit us up if you ever want to do an interview with
you rock! Thanks for coming!!!
no no. just found the quote on the internets.
WEESANDIEGO.COM CHECK US OUT
Yes it is. I was the on set Doctor for the movie.
Because puppies are cool! Duh
Somebody get some weed! Hahaha
ugh, my teach does tht 2!
In other news, Brazilian ladies make everything better.
Its some real getto girlz at my school they triff can't wait to get out of there
Harts Location: Romney took 5 votes, compared to 4 votes for Paul. Huntsman took 2 votes, per WaPo
Timehri Neighbourhood market not considered a squatter settlement ...
Country must be country-wide!! But being a Hillbilly is Awesome!!
Missing my favorite !!...goodnight:)
First shoot on location for SKITZO Saturday!!
You're going to barbecue (and skewer) Browns executives, right?
Friends are Like Boobs some are real and some are Fake
Its great.
Take a trip to Montego Bay, Jamaica July 15-21 for Reggae Sumfest and experience the best of both worlds.There is no where else to be.
First outdoor hoops session w/ #knerds Andy and Karim big success!
Consider us all warned - now go enjoy yourselves!
looking like a sixie today with a ton of books in my bag. aren't finals supposed to mean carrying less books?
then I have to walk to the printer, hit RESET, and another 12 seconds later it prints.
I guess . wasn't kidding when she said she was.going to cut somebody
Research is the seasoning/accent to the plot that drives the story, less is more #USC #Writers conference
you ain't no farmer!
Anybody have FRUITY LOOPS SAMPLES I NEED SOME....
hi, daddy ;D
um...how does this twitter thing work???
": Turns out Perron tipped the shot for his second goal of the Playoffs. Assists to Pietrangelo and Oshie at 9:16 of the first.
If #bbq ain't legal, does that make me a bootlegger? :)
Avoid sugar shock: Have a glass of wine. Alcohol has unique sugar-blocking properties that temporarily halt your liver’s glucose production.
Yeshua answered, "Here's what the work of God is: to trust in the one he sent!"
speaking of party, I'll probably be crashing your pizza party tomorrow, just for a bit :)
Well, my odds were fifty-fifty. Can't always win.
you know I have too lol it's in my blood lol
ATHF is so good. I'm glad i rediscovered it.
that's the point, parents should pay attention. Friends, neighbors, someone the child might know. How often do SO re-offend?
No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak.
I was told to many different things. But I got it now! Haha
Good to hear, enjoy it. There's really no place like home. Take Care bro!!
Its Friday. If ya man acting up, come kick it wit me :)
Summer is magazine and book season because they're the best thing to puruse under the sun when you're out in your yard
Who wouldn't want to be sailing? Just can't in the Rillito.
you have to wear a Bo-Peep outfit! We haven't hazed you yet!
... of facial musculature, vocal reactions (moaning or sighing), semivoluntary movements, general cardiovascular ...
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.It all depends on how you treat her.
One of the reasons I don't want to be with someone is because when I am with someone I get so jealous over everything.
Re: Big East RT : if this league doesn;t make right hire, league destined to blow up.
#Save the Scraps Consender the loaves ,Thanx Bishop
yea well dee got another job n have to work so it might be me n my mom
Which is better? Source Code or Limitless?
Going out tonight with my friends.. Yippie... (^.^)
Don't like the new layout of FB? Change it back by simply changing your language preference to "English UK"!
RT : Maturity is not when we start speaking big things but when we start understanding small things.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked...
SOME not ALL.
Have you ever wanted something different for lunch? Try one of our delicious hot dogs...and support the " Wounded Warrior Project " as well
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation. -D. Elton Trueblood
Thank you doll! YOU ROCK! : )
thats funny. na. school is good. deciding if im bout to take a couple classes for summer or wait until fall. hbu?
Have you picked your shoes for your wedding day? Tell us about them!
Aaron Harang strikes out 9 Padres in a row. Pretty impressive!
Really nice job. Problem defined well, nice demo, good flow of pitch overall. #TSW2012 via
Tomorrow night we're hosting the Official After Party after the game! Hang w/ the Grizz girls and have some cocktails! No cover! Can't wait!
You know it's summer when you pass guys in their yard playing baseball with bats made out of beer cans duct taped together
RT : I was watching USA's #CovertAffairs and they use the term #wonk a lot.
great presentation at #gamemarketers I feel thoroughly enlightened.
People in accounting are talking about how they don't like it when puppies become older dogs. They legitimately love the puppy stage.
I am taping a special episode of Miss Basia's fashion tips for all the my divas. Stay tune:)
Sansa was just told that it's highly unlikely she would have girls only. Um, no. It's a 50/50 chance.
Social cam . Follow up @ Jesse callier
five year old little girls who add me...how about no
The girls in my office are on a diet. What could I bring in to celebrate a birthday?: Obviously cake, cupcakes, brownies are a no go....
Sorry to hear about your laptop. Our team is here to assist you with Dell support on twitter.
Re: Xmas Markets : We're less than 48 hrs away from the Weihnachtsmarkt in Aachen. Easily most underrated time to visit Europe!
I think my asexualism is going on a vacation...with a cute bad boy.
+1 ": I think self-assessment and peer-assessment have to play integral roles. #digped"
change your profile so I have something different to beat off to. Also, nobody cares what *sexy* 20 year olds think
Mumford & sons = favorite #SXSW moment. Probably even best concert ever!
Hello Mr. Culton!
rt thats gross! < very! i'm like just make a pb&j sandwich & call it a day smh 👎😒 lol
I DID...GREAT SHOW JUS LOVE U AND LAMAR RELATIONSHIP
First commercials tonight for the upcoming movie "Water For Elephants"...Lombardi's Dan Lauria in the cast...
Many massage therapists work from their homes. If you are uncomfortable going to a private home the 1st time, take someone with you.
you are hilarious!
I knew she was SPECIAL! Why? I finally admitted to her that I have a female roommate and she DIDN'T mind! Its like a mountain lifted off me!
Both, but non-union seems to be everywhere. Looks to be about 50/50 now. Just my POV.
I'll push you down a flight of stairs anytime. <3 RT I hope I'm not pregnant
I've been trying to learn defying gravity for like the past 2 hours. :)
Heading to NM Medcaid officials' meeting w/ tribes re: Medcaid overhaul.
Speak Easy Open Mic starting soon at a new time--8:00pm! Get there early to sign up!
you know that's
this is just a little 36 min concept mix. I'll post it up today. Soul Supreme 3 is next to finish.
U can only control wht U do. Anything else outside of ur control, u gotta just let fall by the wayside. That saves me alot of frustration
No me gusta hospitals
The show will end at around 11:00pm but anyone is welcome to stay and hang out with the band after
My dinner is chicken noodle soup from the Chinese store
i'll try again.
#theonlinemom hope I can win the Samsung Galaxy Tab!
twitter=connections to the world
I know but im just trying to make a point to some guy who keeps saying he has sources that they're meeting today.
I can't believe you're in my city!!!!!
I reckon only a few hours. All good. Totally worth it :)
Thanks, Aaron!
hard to believe that the whole lionwitchwardrobe story occurred cuz a boy wanted some of that candy so badly
RT : Social media is a tool. Real time is a mindset -
check out "oh ranger!" parkfinder
that's a lie. Ur a beautiful girl and ur nice af.
RT : "To ya it might seem I'm changing my direction..to me this is all I've been working for..."-A. Lee
lol glad I could entertain. Dude was a jackass. He yelled, literally, at some woman in the airport. She did nothing to him
maybe people need to understand Facebook poking isn't real life "poking"
Ravens offense is looking better in Madden 13 with Rookie WR Tommy Streeter 6'5 to go along with Torrey Smith's wheels.
thanks for taking our Book People Unite pledge. Much appreciated.
Thanks, Jordan! It's an honor to be included. (and hi everyone!)
There are huge opportunities at the moment just waiting for you... But I'll tell you one thing.. If you wait, you'll definitely lose out!
l love my boo<3
Tumblin' Dice will be taking the stage at Fatso's Pizza tonight and Saturday night from 6:30-9:00pm.
work y
has your acct on Twitter been hacked? I am getting some weird DMs - pls check!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  55
#November is here & #Thanksgiving is on its way! Chefs at City Tavern are planning menus, excited to cook the big feast for guests.
Drank too much coffee and now I'm having a hard time falling asleep. Oh well... back to playing video games... lol...
Yes. Click on the lower left hand side box for line thickness.
Word. : psh. he's no Mark Whitten. 12 RBI too? THAT'S ridiculous.
My partner and I have been married for 4 years but I will match everything you've raised so far (and will go up to $250).
haha thanks! Glad you like it :)
hell yea!!
My sperm donor coming to visit from texas. Hope he not expectin #SpecialTreatment. I'll b damned if i do. Hmph
Avoid sugar shock: Eat protein w/your meal. You will secret insulin sooner (but less of it overall) to help keep your blood sugar in check.
Then later on hip hop showcase!! #goodshow to see!!
I need to run 467 miles to compensate for what I'm doing to my body this week
Apply moisturizer when wet in the shower...then towel off. Helps dry winter skin. Remember sunscreen-especially at high altitude..skiing.
I'm never tied down. Next weekend maybe?
Great! Taigate on Sat. Thank you for all the help and contributions to the kitty. Cat, Ryder and the whole crew- THANK YOU!! ZUZU is ROCK EN
I have stuff on my DVR farther back than that I haven't watched.
Hello mr. Chung
Fun video shoot for Yelp this am! Looking forward to seeing finished product! :)
should totally go get that spray tan with me :)
I wish I could concentrate.
Gotta pack today! Leavin for Jacksonville, Florida tomorrow mornin for our chorus state competition! Can i get a whoop whoop!? :)
Just took my dog on a 45 minute walk in 95 degree weather. He's exhausted & I'm sunburned. :/
Perhaps the implication is that growth ('uncomfortable) should be continual...versus continuous.
The phrase "Do Asian little girls play with Barbie?" led to our site. Shame on both of us, I suppose.
Big show and autograph session today!
follow me back so I can DM you more info about the party
yep! Got home about an hour ago. Only hit some traffic outside NYC and then again outside Boston. Good drive.
wtf haha, did you get one?
Goodmornin'(: Don't be sad!
Minnesota Center for Book Arts tour was really cool. Also, it's snowy here, but it's not *that* cold.
When Austin had a new video every week, singing with his little mic and playing the guitar. <3
yep! Of course I'm psyched to expand on practice of #participatorypolitics in dem. society for p2p elite/policy watchdogging.
He made me sound like Harry.
honestly its ok, we some men. That was a real nice video man, real sweet, real life.
The Teen Wolf trailer gave me chills.
"Decent flow to this period" cracked me up! Immature. You bet. Haha
The Cowboys season is over... Romo is not clutch... I'm officially a Broncos fan for the rest of the season
What bands are you guys listening to?
using a tarp for the rink? If so where's a good place to get it. I'm looking to get a 40 x 60.
What it do boss!!!
initiate the conversation with me. we can negotiate. i am a fan
it kind of looks like a bunker with all the concrete.
Anyone want to grab coffee or a drink or take a hike this weekend? I'd love to find a new trail for the dog.
who can i speak to about a buying internship at anthropologie/bringing etsy to anthro? thanks!!!
guess who got tickets to the improv tonight? This gal!! :-P
I dnt have Shit to say I just wanna make a status. Gotta problem with that... Delete me... I'm bored. Fwml
I literally can't get drunk off of beer. #collegeprobs #8deep :(
Now that North Carolina voters have taken a brave stand to defend marriage, what will the criminal penalties for adultery and divorce be?
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Caroline Welsh for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Housed From Edward!!!
I never actively participated in a movement, but I definitely read about them online. I guess I could be a 'passive' participant.
What is your ailment?
Palin is blasting for his views on gay marriage. She should be blading her mother for her #view from Russia
Happy April Fools' Day! [;<
lol awh I can just imagine u singing REALLY BAD :')
I'm starting to feel slightly better after my workouts. Slightly better than death.
It's #NewBrewThursday! Does anyone have any new beers lined up to try? What are they?
Hey just wanted to say how great it was seeing u at the game last night! Brought back a lot of good memories.
Congratulations Drew Stebbins! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Since you like to play with fire then ima let us burn!
tonight tonight tonight atlanta! me, kate zambreno, gina myers, CA Conrad, Maggie Zurawski. beep beep gallery, 8pm. xo
Miami I love your new ballpark..but don't parade Ali out there..really.
We are recording our first full length album under dyskfunctional records right now but our revernation has some really old demo tracks
The best way to save water is to put an end to chinese water torture.
Please come by! We will be around for lunch all weekend.
shirts are ready whenever you get here! :-)
Giganto was one of the most awesome cartoons ever!
I am too! I finished the simulator now I'm just waiting to hear back!
All of my plans always get cancelled. I'm beyond sick and tired of it. :/ ttd video shoot?no. ttd show with atl?no. avengers?no. dinner?no.
Tmrw Feb 4th Americus GA DJ Crazy c The G&S Band & Juice Soul Grown & Sexy doors open at 10 B There!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Dude .. the guy for Flight of the Concords won an oscar ...... Awesome
me to
sure I'll message you when I'm done :)
This is some of the reason I went natural...relaxers....are for the birds...
For 1st time in months I'm not waking up to construction sounds on Monday morning. Quiet now seems eerie, but still, AWESOME!
is it next Thursday yet?!? I am MORE than ready for the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games!
Omg....Star treck Episodes On Netflix ... LORD THANK YOU
brought new music for Christmas- La La Lonesome Ep, thanks guys!
Losing sucks but realizing how great the family is makes it better Food, fun, friends & football what else could a girl ask for?
Im paying Cablevision $120+ a month for TV.. You would think there would be a 24x7 #LFTC Channel on this fuckin thing..
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown heros contest!
How did they do a DNA match? And how do we know he's really dead?
my wife the culinary fan girl LOL
For those of you worried about my creative industry dress code, I was quite spiffy today. Even got complimented for my style.
"If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be." ~T.Jefferson
Tommorow getting back papers , Oh well , i not scared .
that moment when you on twiitter when you know you got homework to do...
how was raw ? i think cena is in the match after raw . dark match
No... thank you! RT Haha!! Thanks Mama!!
Leonard knocks down the 3. Spurs are up 21-4.
Choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that joy resides and true transformation happens
haha. That was tweet able ;)
Sending you an email with current snip it of the track. Finishing it next week in the studio! Any new stuff?
The Weeknd ate that dirty Diana remake
forgot to include the smiley face. Just trying to get your goat!
if you don't vote Obama you're a racist!
many thanks for the klout! have a great night!
Quick nap before a hectic Mothers Day Weekend begins XD
just do a test drive in the dark to check out the head lights #priusv they do not give as much range as our previous car.
I'm not going to sleep so I'm gonna tweet leon :) hopefully he responds
Star Trek at the drive-in...this will be a different experience from IMAX!
IT'S on CUBA gooding JR in a TV show..
HA! Awesome that you still have that. Also, YES, if you still want to get rid of it/have it, I would love your cardboard TARDIS!
Cant remember lullabies so I sang Maggie old camp songs. Really need to brush up on kid music or she'll start to think her ears hang low.
OSHA recommends cleaning and disinfecting cooling systems quarterly or at a minimum of twice a year if the unit is not used year round.
Good point. We still have a way 2 go to reflect the true picture of our changing demographics. Any suggestions on further reading?
Thanks, Kaitlin. Hope all is well with you.
Bro. Chase, I want to personally congratulate you on being the SGA President-elect at Rust College. 11119..0006!
woahhhh I done unfollowed a lot of people tonight.
Had a wonderful time co-hosting on the Jim Laski show tonight on WGN 720AM Radio... will post the pod cast once its available. Thank you f…
#RIPCaitlin i didn't know you but you'll always be family to me.
21 Jumps Street... hilarious!
Roy got offered either Canadians GM or Head Coach... He turn it down?
Word. I love him, he's crazy smart! We hollered for you, btw!
April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?
ooh yeah! i just downloaded a page from Bronx, NY for indexing. maybe i'll see some family? :-)
see you tomorrow at FortJackson
There have been times, such as during the 1970s in New York, when I have lost everything I have owned, everything.
We're doing #BalminGilead now, #RomeoandJuliet next! Can you think of similarities between any Lanford Wilson and Shakespeare plays?
Now I Look Back On The Way I used To Act, I Feel Quite Ashamed. Used To Smoke, Drink, Party All The Time - What Was I Thinking.
Sorry if is too much for you, twitters. She's a passionate soul.
lmao all rubbing herself for the world to see. Hahaha that skinny waist be turning on the old geezers :p lmfao!
Cinco de Mayo Trivia! The very first football player host of SNL was a (former-fixed) New York Giant in the 1970s. Who was it?
The Tebow basher's came out in full force this week....it'll be funny to see them walk home with tail between legs after DENVER beats PITT
#MyFavMichealJacksonSong... ROCK MY WORLD!!
Great powerplay work for the #Caps to get that goal. Washington is 15 minutes away from taking the 3-2 series lead.
I hate when that happens. What app is that?
agreed! Also don't forget: eat, eat, eat.
I too have worked in many settings but have had my own priv prac for past 7 years - still love it.
Good luck to the Jumpstart team running for kids in the Boston Marathon today! Thanks for your dedication and inspiration.
Working on my third proposal this week! Can't u just send me a check?
"Suite of Old American Dances" is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
If #Lin were Buddhist would the media spend as much time talking about his faith?
Kate Crawford says the Internet can entrench prejudice and also nimbly expose the underlying causes of prejudice that we should address
#nercomp11great session at udl tools for universal learning
"Steve, why don't you bring your iPad anymore?" *thinking in my head* 'Cause bitches like you grab it like if it was yours 😒.
how about the bottle of torched cherry rum too! ;)
I know it's only hockey, but I feel like someone died.
Woo no work today and tomorrow wow no money coming fail Dx
"I'm young, I'm fine, & I'm black" - about 5 minutes ago. And my new morning affirmation
imu 2 but okay when do you want me to call???
What's your number-one fitness challenge?
Congrats to Paul VI- a 70-62 winner over Coolidge. A GREAT Game!!
18 days till spring ball
but i'm glad people are playing with this!
but you're not even here yet....
RT : A reader writes: "Edward is 124 and Bella is 16. Does that make him a pedophile?"
Cinco De Mayo Tourney...where is everyone playing at today?
Expecting BIG things from the Lord this week! Starting off by giving Him some praise in the choir on Sunday.
wet your noodle
Awesome, appreciate the support!
is it super hot there?
the only thing kara's mom was upset about was not seeing hunger games tonight
Such a cinephile RT : I've never been a fan of Buffy or anything, but after The Avengers I'm now worshiping at the alter of Whedon
RT “: Alright I guess Im not sleeping. too excited for tonight with my boys.”
#greysanatomy. Flare gun not working. Wow...didn't see that one coming. (pure sarcasm) I'm done with this show!
Very liberating to have decided diet was going to be "flexible" today *before* being upgraded for flight home. Thank you !
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Power out at chateau #sanaanawinds time to go home......
I will Lou. (I sent you a Direct Message)
“Goodbye? Oh, no, please. Can’t we go back to page one and do it all over again?–Pooh”
Watching do homework as i do nothing
#BackInElementarySchool I used to wear cute overalls
Good morning tweethearts! I love you all! *Bretana
Tune in nightly for something different: international holiday music! From Jamaica, Lithuania, Sweden, and more!
It's fun to tweet about #citizendiplomacy. You get to see just how much people care about
please take a picture and send it to me!!!!
I was afraid you wouldn't want to make that trade and I can't say I blame you. I would take your thunderstorms any day.
Trolling myself & sobbing listening to songs from their first album 😂💚
Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday to me;).
Working on putting some gigs together. Details coming soon.
Mary Jeffers, GWU #PublicDiplomacy Fellow, says relationships facilitate positive economic benefits in localities.
hey Joanna! Sup?
thank you both for supporting the movement to
2 of my fave new authors of books both came from Tulsa Oklahoma. I wanna meet them. :)
She said Ray Charles was deaf!!!! I'm dying! If he couldn't hear, how did he know what keys to play on the piano?!?!?!
From Dead To Worse: A Sookie Stackhouse Novel
We know it can be hard. You aren't our only student, just like we aren't your only exam. It will all be over soon!
I'm money motivated, and it's a
Twitfession: I sometimes tweet just to tweet. Nuthin really to say.
if you have to count to dance you cant dance. dancing you feel like sex just go with it.
Tiesto Tomorrow ! You dont want to miss out!!
Wikipedia is advocating for using Wikipedia as a layer over ongoing projects. For curators, educators, teachers, professors.
#ThingsThatINeed: peace in my heart & home & thankfully I have both :)
To the face!
Whoops No. 2 is from Cheryl Miller, who called Haier America "AIR America" instead of "HIGHER America." Tough night for TNT's announcers.
New idea for #Cinefessions. Look for a couple eps next week: one concluding the Rez Evil marathon, then one on Marvel Marathon.
Have you seen our new site Hottest Gay Chat www.hottestgaychat.com Lots of things to see and talk about
Finding the Humor in Divorce - Huffington Post (blog)
“I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends
freakin' KILLED it!
investigating report of a bomb at Cleveland High. School has been evacuated. No explosive device found so far.
Their already saying enjoy your summer! Last week of school feels so good to know this
how is it an out of control judicial system..are other countries judicial systems better ?
Wow!!! Wow! Debacle!
Wet the bed by chris brown>>>
Need a ride to our Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in Hadley Village? Pickups will be at 7:45pm in the SU Lobby!
hey : Venezuela,Chile,CostaRica,Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassesToo :D
cool shot!
Wow, just found out that Lana Del Ray's real name is Lizzie Grant
after the drama from last year...not sure how this would play out in Denver. If Broncos sign Manning, keep or trade Tebow?
my condolences.
Allocco is one of the very best hs coaches in the country!!! I rate him up there w/anyone, even Hurley. Not sayin he is better
Man, it's like "Where's Waldo" in this gym. Can't find a weight, nothing's re-racked...
Wait, this is related to the recall? I thought this was a genealogy question.
For a good time:
thanks thanks and thanks ☺ 😘
RT : Baylor has been jobbed today, I didn't realize Kentucky had Elite 8 refs on the payroll too
Settin up shows after february... Be ready !! It's goin down ! OH, VA, NY, WV... game over !
Have a great day tweeps & best wishes in all your endeavors.
Nothing turns men and women into little kids like iPad delivery day. Hope your kids don't see these tweets!
Quick CORRECTION -- Raytown, MO tickets on Sale January 13th!!
People should never write blogs from the perspective of their cat. You’re embarrassing your cat.
Uh-uh. Not when I'm there!
I love how me and are singing together while were in different rooms lol
:( I like how we tagged Harry in this xD
IPAs don't make me jealous, yo. ;-)
I'm free for a piano lesson next week. That is, if your still up for the challenge young skywalker.
NO RT : haha -- my goal for the month is to do something under 3,000 words for you guys -- hold me to it!
Always startled to see someone reading a magazine. Not The New Yorker (ubiquitous) The Atlantic or even TIME, but e.g. Women's Day.
Thank you for the follow! Hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving :)
That's it it's final. I'm growing my hair out and slicking it back
Watching Wango Tango on my phone! :)
Gatlinburg RT : where are you going?? Tell me Hilton head!
when you make money you just keep on wanting more
Shits about to get crazy
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ??? A MONDAY NIGHT PARTY!!!
nothing like a big bad daddy of a memory on tape.
The difference between "can" and "cannot" are only 3 letters. Don't let 3 little letters stand in your way on anything that you want to do.
so upset.
im hungry A'F & then i won't be able to eat something after school cuz im going to a ceremony fml!
Do you have a thick skin with your songs? How do you handle rejection?
wtf??? wow thats horrible. He has horrible kids im sorry. He would NEVER raise them to be that. horrible
SERIOUSLY Jimmy Saturday taking up time on Hack Day?!
ya bud?
Sweet Mike Watt reference btw...
I really want to pick piano back up. Any recommendations on affordable, quality keyboards for beginners? It's been years since I've played.
loves quiet time at work when its just me until everyone comes in at 8:30.
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter as long as I'm laughin with you. All that still matters is love ever after.
How do you pick a pineapple?
Come on Packers! Let's get it!!
Lol how does Britney Griner only average 9 rebounds she's 6'8.. There isn't another girl in college basketball over 6'5!
feeling unmotivated? take a stroll through staples. a shot of work-adrenaline.
don't have anything musical, but a pizza-pizza sound bite would be funny
Attending the Techweek Expo? Be sure to check out , providing #mobile strategy, app development & enterprise architectures.
Hey I like those... They deserve no such simple joys as watching a cat stuck in a cardboard box!
Really deep thoughts tonight. Essentially about how EVERYTHING you do, no matter how small, affects the world.
That was great. Love this show like I love sushi.
#GoodFriday reminds me of 1 Cor 15:55 - O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?
Same! Good convo and insight. Thx
Involved in advertising & marketing in the US? You should follow my friend and former FTC NE Region head
#UConn coach Jim Calhoun will take indefinite medical leave of absence due to spinal stenosis.
omG my last RT Andy is seeing Priscilla omfg
I take it you're a huge artist vs poet fan haha
True RT Really loved the Basquiat documentary at , as said, it's weird to think of him as an underdog.
Josh Hamilton is no joke. O's ran into a buzz saw the last two nights. Still a long seasons.
: hehe, Aw thanks ...sleepy=slaphappy=waytoogiggley
Good idea.
spring break its been real. 3.5 weeks left nd schools dunzoo
I hate this so much.
Hello everyone, great Sunday in LA,
I agree. I will be behind Perry until the end.
Good morning going to school have a good day!
The 6 o'clock neighbor is cutting her grass...and the mower sounds sickly.
Thanks for the RT Mark // I hope your week is starting off on the right foot ... Cheers!
you come up? No I'll come down. Okay I'll be right there. Oh this escalator is so slow, ouch just ran into it. coming!
No I haven't. It seems to center around a certain demographic that would not include myself.
thanks for the #FF!
Thank you for writing this :)
I would much rather be married than to be fuccn a plethora of women. . . But until I find the one, I gotta get my roccs off sumhow
Go for it, maybe tag TSA and huffpo; Worst case is that u make someone's boring job less boring and have fun; goodluck!
Experts not actors.
hahaha lucky :p well i slept throughout the day so it evens out haha
Literally having one of the best times I have ever had at a poker table playing 5/10 mix
“: Day trip to the Cliffs of Dover? Yes, please! #studyabroad #london” That sounds AH MAZE ING!!
Grounds crew working on the field right now. Hope they get to play this game
I love Balloon Fiesta! Albuquerque Rocks!
"Inside the Tower, at the top, arrogant men still live, convinced of their rightness."
thanks for the follow!! You've supplied me with two outstanding majors, so I am quite flattered to have the follow!
There are plenty of very smart and qualified professionals in the Mars advocacy movement, THEY are capable of many things
spoken like a true board member :-)
#FB friends know this already - my mama just recently celebrated her 2nd smoke-free anniversary! I'm so so proud of her!
you actually should have. Make sure our promo email is white listed
Crazy upsets today! I thought the full moon was last week.
better reread your lease agreement to see if there's an early termination fee
Everyone is born an original but die a copy. Be the one who is born an original and dies an original Mike Donahue you are my inspiration
stop telling at me
Japan's WWC win over the U.S. scores massive 8.6 overnight rating on ESPN (via ,)
i couldve avoided the 1st 1 tho but the 2nd 1 i honestly did that shit to myself so hey ....you live & learn right
I used to keep an extra bottle of cough syrup and a large bottle (Costco-size) of Excedrin at work.
US should have elections on Sunday too RT : RT : French presidential election turnout was over 80%
loved the video #domo is crazy for sure!
i got here today this morning
RT : Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
You're welcome! Great project, very much within our field of interest!
Can you add email updates to your blog? It's one button on Feedburner and it would be awesome.
Currently on my pasteboard is Agrocritus. Hello Agrocritus. How are you, Agrocritus? I like Agrocritus.
According to Chimp Ganahl storms tomorrow- b sure 2 check the website.."Game Status" at the top of the home page www.gokickball.com/columbus
magic words. I'll masturbate to that thought.
Come check out the new shot girl tonight she has free shots
KK say she doing better but to me she looks horrible I felt so bad
no one good is going...
and now I'm on twitter
Obama just randy watson'd his mic!
get me some skittles please!! :)
Nope, they came in and offered free food and coffee. It was awesome!
O! Uh oh this All That. This is All That!
we need to hang out btw.
r u Ready 4 the w33kend???♥
You headin home this summer
: not all screens are created equal. Tablets are interactive, not passive, learning tools.
Life is so good.
Anyone in the NY area that wants to see Lambchop is a Band tonight in the village, we have free tickets.
Nene: i wouldn't go to the damn trash can with them lol!
Reminds me of T.Morrison in "Playing in the Dark"- "But then I stopped reading as a reader and began to read as a writer"
That moment you get super happy that someone texted you. (:
I wouldn't know!! But I have always thought that same thing!!!
I will always remember the fun times we had at our soccer games and tourneys. You were a great friend Jason Finn. I will miss you.
Thanks for the RT too ~ you rock!
Driving in through the drive threw <
I am going for "Impoverished former boat owner" as my summer look.
aye homie. you down to collab?
me too! I just started using the app yesterday.
I first saw them 30! years ago, gulp. RT : Sweet! RT : The Beach Boys bringing their 50th anniv tour to Red Rocks
Forgetting to take off your make up & looking like a fucking raccoon the next morning. <<<<<
Well this sucks
Unfortunately, no. I've nvr learned it :-(
World Peace is Galahnari's kryptonite
but imma let u know when its happenin
Ready to go get some lunch and do some shopping with r u ready sis
Ah another late night! Time to get some shut eye. Gonna work on the rally car then some character sketches tomorrow, big day! =)
love the picture! :) Nice to meet you last week-- hope you're having a good one!
Facebook still needs some work - they just placed Devon England, where I did a drawing, in the center of Saudi Arabia!
ESPN's John Anderson will host the first Wisconsin Sports Award.
Aha Shake Shartbreak
theres no way you guys could ever look bad if youre with eachother
Things just change , with and without a reason .
President Olli speaks now on the Inplementation of the #UN Decleration on the rights of #Indigenous Peoples in the
He just sits there, and stares at like the wall. Haha
thats off the chain
Taught a reference class to 50 people and it went well.
ty Kim its sure been a big blessing to me & logie.Blake has adopted him as his uncle as well.plus w/school out, i get a break
#sca2012 Various cities using HistoryPin to compile their own history. A really great example of social media in action.
U in town may 10? Hosting a happy hour
If the sun were to explode, we wouldn't know about it for 8 minutes. That's how long it takes for light to travel from the sun to the earth.
sorry but its spring break for us
teaching actual, live students today! wish me luck!
Don't miss live entertainment in Red Bar this Sat from 9:30pm-12:30am! Jeremiah Allen Duo performs.
That is: if you're not looking for evidence vs. the things you want to believe, you're just as likely to be wrong as anyone else.
i miss the people that i used to talk to last summer.
thanks for asking. No one was hurt save my windshield. And hopefully, the rock won't be flying around anymore.
You sound just like *my* son with those shoes. Make sure you take care of your mother first. (smiling)
Proper Twitter shout out to for having the crew out to #Buffalo to rock his album release party!
people are so funny these days
Author Musician Poet Photographer Enjoyed Patti Smith interview; inspiring life/career/ contributions
Twugs back you :)
If you could have fun ... do a version of #mayhem ... or animate it ... or splice in 80s movie clips ...
My ped pals will put a Oohhh to the glamor of your feet. Even the1st washing w/a ped. pal will promise that you and your sandals will smile
I found it sad too. I think ILL is a great service; I've used it countless times.
Throwd off I'm thinking today Wednesday #ThankGod for seeing
"Love actually" is a great movie! Is pop corn included?
Done with HW rdy for tomorrow! #realmadrid last game this season! Big party going down in that stadium #champs! #MiamiHeat game 1!
i believe you're correct, trying to see what I can find out before we hear the official word.
Last day at Hamline.
hahahha awesome. Got a fav app?
James Atlas article in NYTimes provokes thinking - loved quote from Walt Whitman “I loaf and invite my soul.” Less superness more loafing
Fuck mindless behavior damn
BEAUTY TIP: Spray an unscented body lotion w/ a squirt of ur fave perfume for a long lasting light scent.
Mom look! "Oh, that's nice sweetie." Oh that's cool how you saw without looking..
Hm... I can't seem to "like" the CheeseheadTV facebook page. What's up with that ? I even followed the link on the website :(
SAT word of the day: credulity (n.) readiness to believe
Its that time of the year!!!
We're happy to hear that!! We love to know our shirts are helping heal people.
thanks for the air time and this fantastical Ravens blanket. It's going in the Boy's crib. You are a giver, my friend!
I'm nicer than those japanese niggas in ping pong
By the time these #GUCampusPlan shenanigans wrap up, half the undergrads from when the plan was filed will have graduated.
Very good! How are you Conal?! Are you coming to LA anytime? Would love to see you!
I <3 VAMPS EVEN THO IM ON TEAM JACOB! WEIRD HUH!
Our Moore location has been restocked with your favorite goodies!
hell nah. It's time the NBA got a female coach!
hey the tunes sound good man - keep it up! I'm checkin' out your wordpress site and some youtube vids - diggin' it for sure!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! :)
Thanks for following us!
JT and I rocked out to the Beastie Boys this morning.
BOOM, changed my name.. everything else I wanted was taken
RT : Step into the biggest version of yourself. Let go of limiting thoughts & other people's opinions. Let your light shine.
Girls stay spreading bad news about you to their friends! #Iswear! And it don't even be like that!
": Majic Johnson does not have frickin AIDS, if he did.. he no longer does" worst tweet ever
Chilly outside! Come warm up in the 10 minute Deluxe bed!!
Aggravated, when people want to control you or try to get your attention #NotWorthMyTime bye ;)
RT “: #MentionTo your friend who's good at rapping.”
new video hot i need ass like that lol! :-)
I was taking a msg for my boss. The guy on the phone said his name was Jeff dahmer. After I hung up I got that "wait a minute" expression.
Nada Surf at the Fillmore.
Awwah thank you bab, so is yours <3 x
im feeling good.. had a hm kinda day but a awesome fucin night lol
Better from the plague of last wk I've cleaned & sanitized my desk and weeded thru all my files. But in the process, I've lost my voice. WTF
The #Tigers did jump up and bite us, pretty bad. They're still Behind, tho.
comin to the show tomorrow?!
Today seems like a god day . but at the end of today i know that will change.
Damn #Knicks are fighting till the end vs.
that's what I'm talking about silly. How do you expect me to get a cd today.
yeeaahhh :) & a lot more to come >:D
ugh, that sounds like a torturous drive. I'm going to KOP. Anything west of philly is a nightmare drive.
The Alaskan territory was bought from Russia for $7.2mil
"Losing ur remote in you're dam blankets"
& you spelled "Principal" wrong on my Janet typography Tshirt & bag. It's the 'principle' of the matter lol. Best!
no way! Congratulations! That is super exciting news. I know life hasn't been going your way. You deserve some good news..
Oh my god, YES <3 I miss burlesque dancing in there xD
i farted
i wanted to get it:)
I'm already diggin this time change. More #golf and time to
Become an expert in your field and get coverage by offering advice. Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term loosely.
Trying to find Clementine gown on Paper Crown and having trouble. Perfect wedding dress!
thanks!!! So exciting! See you at ICA next week?
One possibility is that I'd go back to about 2500 BC to Skara Brae and watch the evacuation and figure out why they left.
yeah. :/ i told our sister today, i thought she knew.
RT : Everyone go wish a very Happy Birthday.
damnn girl. I Just Liked his Status; its not like i fuckin asked him for a Kiss.
King Mo in TNA Wrestling,what a jackass!
On the boredom scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the most bored, I would say mine is at about 2576.
IT IS WAY TO HOT! IM DIEING. ITS WEIRD THOUGHT CUZ JUSTIN ISN;T IN MY ROOM.. AWKWARD... BUT OMG ITS SOO FREAKING HOT
is the bomb
#Brewers beat the Reds 8-3. Gallardo gets the win. Brewers are now 13-17 on the year.
If you tweeted me tonight it would make my day oh and hi your amazing lol just saying I hope one day I can meet you!(: ILY!
My favorite #GOTMom is Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons. I really hope she finds them tonight!
At the movies ( :
Last day of school is Wednesday! :-)
Oh, The Good Wife. Still amazed that you amaze me every week.
my hard drive, professors, and phone all just shat on my head in a span of 5 minutes...blunt time
what's the competition who can walk the most casually, or who can casually walk the fastest
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Why cant i change my dj name on facebook just because I have more than 100 likes?? Mm weird.
Looking at u I would eat it to. leave it all running. thats how the freaks do
You should go with Twicca.
Dean Smith: notes declining state support and unfounded mandates like staff benefits and pension obligations.
been a great day for my daughters prom too
What a panel! Doug Johnson, , Nelson, Shannon Miller, ! #ISTE11 Library rock stars!
hahahaha i hope he pretend not to see it! :p
I am excited to say that my next book is out Fire and Ice check it out at Xlibris.com
*sighs right back*
Austin #3WordForYou Your F*cking HOT!
Reboletti: Had bad public policy covered by good Econ for yrs. If keep doing this, we will fall into abyss. No one relishes impact of bill.
Really??? You are in your 30's / not in a band and you are sporting a red Mohawk ???
Offering a new program in partnership with Mark Kamin & Associates called Transformational Branding. Details to come.
Actually, it is my daydreaming about the party on Labor Day. You will probably be there...
I love my best friend patsy!<3
not a person? really, read much biology? don't be anti-science
I like how they have locations around the world. Something really cool to do while you travel! A unique momento
Play on sticks: Today it's play on sticks day. Walk around the house and practice stick on stick playing. Fun for entertaining!
Filmed the mall stuff on my old camera (Nikon coolpix)... um we have 54 video clips
Can't wait to see you on #VD ! =]
keep my flip flops as a souvenir!! lmao
thank you to one of our fav customer!
Thank you Glenn!
34K would probably be bigger than UT's average graduating class. That can't be all students.
Nun much chillin
Doesn't surprise me.
Alcohol poisoning! Not cool at all :(
I followed you! c;
I'm home, but sick...feels good 2 be with friends (virtually) again!
friend visits her son home on leave this w-e from a place not worth a good argument, let alone fighting. God bless him.
I wasn't in the attic for 5mins n I'm sweating
I get money for that, no?
your son got knocked the fuck out because he had his head down...its not "criminal intent" its hockey
“Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live.” — Jim Rohn
Bout to be makin beats like crazy tonite
The bra section. The only place in the world where you fail if you get an A.
If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You don’t learn; You make no money.
Only played 2 hands on first level and doubled up on one of them :-)
So good especially with all the work I've been doing!
I like John Grisham's novels.. just read Confessions in 3 days..
can't wait to play this Saturday !!
Community sucks. Everyone agrees except you and some other neck beards. Get over it.
I hope there's a day when Cancer is just a zodiac sign.
I want a new Litespeed....
I remember doing that too. 10 minutes every day. Then I got into python and I stopped playing video games with rare exceptions.
: sorry dude, but can't make it out to Matsumoto's. Too far and i got Bible Study at 5:30... Maybe next time
Or Favre's body parts!! Someone's DMing me pics of cats giving hugs. Much better than foot.
These ant bites<<<<<<
I swea if i was to move away my mama nd sister wouldnt know what to do.
My girl #VERSACE'D DOWN...looking like a
Great initial response in debate
Busy summer I have. Atlanta in June, Ohio in July, Atlanta in August, Los Angeles in August. And I'm just getting started!
AAK! No! Don't do it!
: Please consider the Penn Quarter area (Metro Center & Gallery Place). National Portrait Gallery is a popular food truck spot.
I'm having gammon for tea
Jus took a shower. Didn't have no shoes or nothin on.
I watched it last night for the first time. I love it. I think it will be a great show.
I'm so happy nd proud of RT if u feel the same way(:
All measurements for the "Beach-Body Blast-Off" done! These women are ready to rock!
Love is a sweet pain<3
MARTY!!!! Protein drink
TONIGHT! LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!! BIG DEBUT!!
your welcome
#dead! lol okay
hey! im back in canada :) maybe we can meet up before i leave in 2 days
Yay veggies! Glad it reminded you of me. :D
Why can't it be Christmas so Santa can be bring this!! I know what I'm asking for this year!!
nice Len - ABC
um yea
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , and !
Oh criminy. My dear one CJ has come out and Teal in. I wanted a goal for him tonight. next time.
They just do not put the same value on marketing that you and I do. They don't budget time or $$. It isn't easy for everyone.
Today is Day 2 of Milwaukee Film Fest 2011. What are you looking forward to seeing?
glad you're reading C.Dweck. I've been citing her often, D.Goleman too ..
I think that's a good reason for me to learn learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I need to start my paper
Yes... He eats it on his burgers all the time & it's on the bun ;-)
don't by it. QBs w/ that special quality always rise. Never blame def. Or OL.
That is some good stuff. Is some of your guys' stuff on that website?
Close - the major mismatch is that wears a tie - have you ever seen me wear a tie?
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Nice work!
tomorrow and friday
going to LA for the weekend to see my college friends, enjoy your day!
Worked a bit on designs for iPhone cases, can't wait to finish them up
Chillen today. Haircut then probably pool. Have a great day everyone.
find anything good? :)
Great #trainingtips appearing here soon! Follow #BPG11 for great tips from our conference this week.
I have a friend who's uncle believes he is Jesus. Lol
Bailey bby, follow me maybe? ;) your Gunna kill it tonight <3
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris >>>
I usually do wear a glove...
R u working full time this summer?
Illegal Length Mascara....... I want it :)
1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch.
awww. How sweet!
did you give him some $$ then?
Oh what a catch by Nyger Morgan! T-Plush taking maybe a HR away from Scott Rolen. NICE!
Once I talk about fresh kids I see this video posted on YouTube. It's pretty great. LOL
The maker of the Pete the Popcorn jacket
You guys are doing an awesome job!
Had a great turnout at fundraiser breakfast this morning, but we can still use your help. Go to www.hacolo.org and click “donate now.”
Are you sure the #IowaDebate is on ABC?... I thought "The Biggest Loser" was on NBC!
I did use the "May the fourth be with you" line several times today. It's a new holiday for me now.
just wait for the playoffs. Ravens steelers rematch in the afc championship game
I just want some neck right now
I want to go on a photoshoot again.
My previous RT really resonated with me. I love leading post-shows and I guide my talks similarly. Good read
I want to see Josh Hutcherson get punk'd
Your songs fricken rock! good to see you again!!! :)
Alexi Lalas still has a chip on his shoulder & he's wrong!
save some for us, if you can
At work, people kept asking about if I was going to party, I told them I might have 2 beers. Drank earl grey instead.
no chance....
RT : Respond online as if someone is in front of you and don't be scared of "customer service" & other for-profit concepts.
yes!!!! I think I miss you more than ! (; just kidding!! Miss u bothh so much!!
Good Day Twitter..
BIG NEWS: Jennifer Milans New Video is On Fire - SOS 8000 view in a few days digistarmgt.com/jennifer.html
those are amazing. You should be proud.
Give me a shout next time you're at the zoo. Right next door!
The guest conductor reminds me of Ellen DeGeneres
Reading this good book and i don't read at all !
Just ordered a new laptop! After 5 years of solid service, my thinkpad is now in steady decline
They say this shit gone catch up to me i keep tissue paper.
they put the ball in the middle and left. 0-0
Someone come cuddle and watch Netflix with me.
COMING UP ONLY TO HOLD YOU UNDER #thefuneral #BandOf🐴s
New Year, new terrain. I am going to really need my yoga sessions to maintain inner peace!!
You got my email, yes? Otherwise you're at waiting for me...
thanks Andrew, appreciate the feedback! Hope all is well
Hi Kevin, I came across your company. Are you doing any hiring for developers?
That's right! :)
YES > RT “: truth is when these videos hit, calls come and so do the contracts. I've seen it happen. #revideo”
Goodnight twitterverse I love y'all so much 
What's with and the girls? They didn't act like they loved so much when she was alive.
Broadcaster Distances Itself From News Corp. - New York Times
No money No bail!
Dr. Phil was legit today  I can think of at least 10 right now that I want to make sit down and watch it..
Hold the goddamn phone. is going to Cornell next year? god damn it i totally believed it for a second.
Wow, that's awesome that you are asking. Thank you. Have a great night!
After all our talk about how Die Hard is one of the best christmas movies ever I got a shot gun for christmas! Its destiny!
it sucks, cuz we only have 2 hours to go shopping! I hate it!!
Social networking is a little like selecting a tomato. Gotta squeeze a few before you find the perfect match.
Classy guy. One of the best to work with in my career. RT : I wish the and the city/people of Milwaukee all the best.
stop by and see us.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
Listening to health care consultant discuss city's health care costs with Lexington-Fayette Urban County Council.
it's hard to watch! Every error always turns into runs.
Um...yeah. Aroldis Chapman is great.
Mike Barrett: I loved the broadcast tonight but could you please stop saying, "Blazers with the biggest lead of the game."
tweet back :> working on figuring it all out!
Thanks for the RT of Mike's tweet, Dave; now I'm going to follow my own advice and pick up another copy. :-)
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind. They will show on your face.
im bout to go outside and bake!!!
cross country sucked. I was 27 out of 120. It was unfair, i did 5 laps when everyone did 3
Please follow her!! >> shes amazing :D
Great game. Fantastic city. Awesome week! So so proud.
He's a nice guy; happier talking about Silicon Teens than the Normal, if memory serves.
#ineedtostop Trying to Keep conversations alive when all you do is keep replying with One word answers or "lol" "k"
I don't understand why people cheat, if you're really that unhappy, leave. Stop being unfaithful, its obnoxious as hell.
If Shaq can fit in the new Buick Lacrosse, i shouldn't have a problem. :) finally...
Not up in here
Agreed. Pretty cool.
chilling. Getting ready for the 22nd
Big storms going through the area all evening and still going on. Power outages across the region...
lol fam you crazy dude your a MONSTER on kit Shreddin the World in Half with them shades on!
I'll watch one more episode, but the pilot alone was horrible. Like I want to smack them kind of horrible.
When we first met, I had no idea you would be s̶o̶ ̶i̶m̶p̶o̶r̶t̶a̶n̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶m̶e̶. SUCH A BITCH.
Don't cry just say fuck you and smile. <3
Big shout out to the finest inspiring us every day to be the best people we can be.
oh I thought u worked there too lol
ARG Zend. "BagIt" gets automagically routed as bag-it? That's kind of aggressively clever, and it just cost me like 3 hours...
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Actually, it's been one of the more sunny weeks! Pretty nice around here.
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.
This week concentrating on the Merchants that need a payroll company Change!
our friends at UC-San Diego Cancer Center are doing study on fertility & cancer in women 18-44, if want to share:)
working on tomorrows nerdy bits and am staggering through it. my ADD is so... oh look I got a fresh scab to pick
#protip Send passports and itineraries to yr point of border cross to ensure a swift band crossing or, you know, if yr passports get jacked.
Thanks so much for your kind words! We're here to help if you need anything! Glad 2 hear the teachers/students like it, too!
i was never really a big fan but after listening to You and Me.. i feel absolutley in love with him and his voice <33
Better crazy line "crazy with a side of crazy" or "bat shit crazy"?
#FF , and They've all got great tips and info to share!
will we see you at the tradeshow?
Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex. Its too late to realize u dnt wanna read this
What are your favorite memories from past Kihncerts? Lots of rockin' goin' on... :)
Be sure to check out #FemaleinEvolution #FIE tweets from & Definitely worth your time. Great job ladies.
What's up with you?
Kinda wanna go out tonight... But I have no wingman!!
I will try to tweet it later tonight I have to upload the video on my computer and convert the file in order to tweet it. :)
Ivan b. (stop) was dead for 4 hours.(stop) arose like Lazarus thanks to s tequila Gatorade. (stop). Go lakers (stop) m-code
Now I'm imagining listening to the My Little Pony theme song on his new headphones.
Before you let your heart do all the talking, let your brain do the editing
I can't believe someone wants to #FF me! thanks! i will try to post more than once in a moonlight moment.
Austin loves his Mahomies . RT if you love Austin more then words can explain <3
I'm happy but not content,I recently met my soulmate and I'm excited about that
sorry to say I agree with him.
Thank god my brothers alive , I don't know what I would do without him I would literally go crazy.
I hate that awkward moment when you're at a friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
can you send me the pictures of me and bianca please??
Oh and GOOD MORNINNNN to all of you 👋
Today feels like a day where I just want to lay in bed all day. I've almost accomplished that but I've so much to do!
Congrats Mr. Perfect
Two position players pitching in the 17th inning of the Os Red Sox game.
Thx 2 all vols who helped us bring 1000 gift baskets 2 our sick clients & their kids. Despite economy, generosity thrives!
thanks for the retweet!
*Klingon & the company I'm working with for the next couple weeks has done a coupe production of Klingon Shakespeare.
had to copy and post this on my Facebook ,, thanks for posting it here
Thanks much!
Opening day #Miami Marlins
#ZING RT : Who is this Curt with a K? He is the Curt/Kurt That Sucks.
definitely considering it!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. ~ William Feather
Tremendous disappointment that national federation of state high school associations failed to adopt a shot clock for high school basketball
I'm in love with you too :)<33
I want to fucking go home.
twitter travo D:.
The next NBA Champions...laugh now, but I'll get the last laugh.
As much as I plan on watching every second, it looks like Network with twitter and blackberries
Started my book today. My blog too. For me, writing is exhilarating!!
Those times when you just wanna escape everything and run away with that one person <3
Yes, let's hash it out over airport vouchers and beneath the murmur of boarding announcements!
Would you & Mom like a $10 DD card & to see Motherhood the Musical George? Reply to us by 9am & we'll pick name at random to win.
I'm unconvinced about the quality of much of the work though.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself. Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
Co-Producing an audiobook with Actor Alex Hyde-White at Studio 9 in Hollywood!
yes. I haven't even EATEN steak yet though. Just ground beef in like spaghetti sauce.
WHY DO I EVEN HAVE SPLIT ENDS. I DON'T EVEN STRAIGHTEN IT. WHAT THE HELL.
Every time I hear someone yell"YOLO" my only reply is you obviously lack originality...
So sick of hearing other people complain about working when they only stay for 3 hours. I work 11 in a day.
as many as you want. I gave six as a suggestion. But the more important thing is that they are random times!
And again I find myself in the lib. Not doing my homework. And wanting to drink.
spreading the love... i like your style, chandra
RT Let's Not Just Beat the GOP in Nov, Let's Elect the Most Progressive Congress America Has Ever Seen! Who's with Me?
Yes! School focus on conformity is a MAJOR issue for gifted learners #gtchat - especially when their interests aren't "same"
Overheard lots of talk about 1865 America last Saturday at Can't wait to see/hear whats in store this week.
Hats off to you as an oncology RN.Thank you for the good wishes.We thank for their support,too.You go grads.
Dwight Yoakam playin 'Little Sister' @ Floore Country Store. Yeah!
RT “: I can't stand it when these damn "Twitter Celebs" have to retweet every compliment they get..Unfollowing”
that joint has been on my mind for a lil bit .. and i miss #stateprop .. music during my #collegeyears :-)
Gather your thoughts.
Happy Monday, everyone! If you live in Chicago, please check out , our new free app that gives you cash back on every purchase. Thx!
“: BREAKING: Earthquake shakes Mexico City, causing tall buildings to sway, people to evacuate. Quake in Sumatra, one in Oregon earlier.
Just finished 5 Things You Need to Know This Week for front page of Monday's Indianapolis Star. Includes plant sale!
Newt Gingrich's campaign is over $5-million in debt. I guess that proves he's qualified to be president.
Wiki said site viewed 162 million times, with 8 million following instructions to contact politicians. Courtesy BBC News Technology
Dont Cry because its over, Smile because it happened.∞
but you said you would 😢
no heads up that our trial was ending and community down on site!!! great software, but you need to handle this better...
RT : Lmao in my case its... Do the laundry and u shall recieve lol RT : Give and you shall receive!!! Haha
Thinking through past hurts does no good and only allows bitterness to grow.
there is so much win happening right now.
. OK, Jennifer, I'll try, but we are working, personal things don't always come up.
In order to receive it you have to ask. All the promises of God is yes
I should say that the site is 'Forefathers Group'
RT There's a party near my house and the music being played is awful
Have less than 2 months till the competition in Jamaica, I think I have to go get some of my wardrobe straight!
Every experiences has it up & down in life just like every cause has it effect 2 every action has its own reaction w\o any translation
I'm now the Baroness of Baldwin Park on #Yelp!
The only thing better than family guy, is more family guy.
YES! #EnemyoftheState is on! For some reason I love this movie. Actually, I love almost all Tony Scott movies.
Kalon sounds like a brand of stool softener.
Back home in the USA after a two week South Pacific vaca. Feels good to again have access to good tortilla chips and guac, and NY pizza.
Yup, the sun is out again. Hope you don't get snowed in. Wait, that may not be a bad thing considering where you're at, haha.
The coolest place on earth! www.shastic.com! ;)
are u bloody kidding me 0-3 at half did u really want to leave being in champions league next year up to Finals guess so uggg
Who's coming to Hennessey's @ 9pm this Tues?
2010 was a great year, but I'm ready for 2011 . Let's do it. ;-)
yes! That looks awesome are you there?
trying to stay cool it still hot out getting ready for tomorrow
Roadtrip to Indianapolis anyone?
If I see one more kiss me I'm Irish t-shirts I'm going to puke green all over it!
Yes ! All the Easter candy is on sale so I can afford to eat 10 tons of candy !
You wish.. Haha jk you may fit.. Uhm this weekend, you, me, uh huh? Exactly.
well damn, I'm not one of those so I guess I can't hook you up :(
My bro is annoying me by switching between movie and music video watching. Stay on one channel!!!!!!!
like you're in a position to be taking man cards away from bros.
omg i stopped replying shes not even worth it -.- like seriously?
To celebrate my bachelor of art in Anthropology am riding 109 mi in the Tour the Tucson to raise funds for Parkinson's subisidies.
at least they are willing to try things to learn from experience! Silver lining??? :)
Ah, we hate you :) Album coming your way very soon!
Last Peak Performance Coaching today!!!!
Now comes the time during a conference when publishers give books away or sell them on the cheap. Gettin' loud and crazy now!
Fozzy Whittaker is presented with trophy for being the 2011 Kickoff returner of the year
Thanks so much for the mention!
HAHAHHAA. SWEAT?, OH ROBERT.
That's what the river is for! And margaritas!!! :D After the weather we've had up here? Bring it!!!
I really need help handling stress. These next two weeks, I'm going to be majorly on edge!
Literally just woke up, and I am STILL exhausted!
I need your help with something! Call me after 10!
Coke Zero
Desperate people do desperate things.....but confident people stick to there foundation.
Garlic is amazeballs.
Ya...u should check ur myspace:)
Come on This is your night! Underdogs win all the time! I should know...I'm an fan!
Thank you! Did you spend the day with your mom?
And you say you don't like her. smh.
Things you should never do after a breakup: 1. Listen to love songs. 2. Read old messages 3. Read their statuses, tweets or updates.
You KNOW I am since 8:30 pm et!! LOVE U SY!
OMG U all must have had a BLAST @ the Playboy Mansion! Looks like the best time of UR life. UR a Frikikikiking AMAZING performer!
Thanks guys, You're the best! XOXO Krisondra
cool background. I know a startup seeking a technical co-founder if you want an introduction for a chat?
Minnesota Vikings announce 2012 schedule
should we see in Madison? , what do you think?
Thanks! It's been a tough week with baby & 3-year-old not sleeping but I'm going to keep trying!
Dear , It's finals week & I REALLY wish your Chelsea (Manhattan) location was already open. Cosi just isn't the same...
That kid's grandpa looks like Kajagoogoo!
Awesome! I'd run 12 miles every day if you supported it ;)
Marry rich, ladies. Get a big, fat divorce settlement. Then marry for love. I so did it wrong.
Work. Work. Work. WORK. Thank God for a job!
Selena I love you.You are fantastic.You act super good in Wizards of Waverly Place and Ramona and Beezus...I love you so much!
IM CRYING LISTENING TO #AngelsAndGentlemen STOP IT. ITS AMAZING<3 I LIKE THIS RIGHT HERE
New Britney Spears video. I don't know what to think yet.
Gig today with John B. Williams and David Sills was great! Now off to play with Allen Mezquida @ Red, White, Bluezzz. 7:30!
You know about three-fingered double taps on words, right? BEST
The Fake ESPN having to change their handle to because of a contest with their followers is funny stuff.
LOL! It was driven by a woman, so not likely. RT: I wonder if that car belongs 2 1 of my exes!
Show at Billy O's Ventura was great last night. Thanks for hanging with us. Next San Louis Obispo.
you already gave me everything.
Yes, you win.
“: Heck, I might get you a real pair of Uggs for that...” - I'm not afraid to say that I own Ugg slippers.
Not good! I had everything you had I think! I'm okay... How's everyone else?? - is fine.
Perhaps would have a well-informed response to the arguments against livestock.
I Hate School. It Sucked. But Least I Come Home To Tweet Ya !! :D I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU (: <33
Watering from above can cause black spots to appear on the petals and throughout the day
I'm loving this lil early summer break
Eastbound & Down
See you then!
Happy hour at
so would the #Heat ;)
ilywamh i love you with all my heart !
Now I wait on Cavs 4s.
Once again not feeling this "school" thing anymore.....
ahh me too!! Its so funny (: what's your favorite part??
Hi Thank you would love to take you for tea or coffee some time Tina Bagon
is that for Adobe After Effects?
C's of course. And by C's I mean
Social Search: How to Use Social Media to Rank on Google
Green star Thanks!!
“This site has a terrible user interface.” -My wife, just now. Sorry, honey. I ruined your life.
Bad breath can mean-it's time to get your teeth cleaned!
sharing how Dell has embedded social in every aspect at Dell
wow dude, that's some tough runnnin! Make sure you ice after each run man! You doing the marathon in the D?
Nursing home residents to celebrate royal wedding in style
half of that park will be mt most of the time
My step daddy is really yelling at this game... lol
2nd half field goal drought? DRINK
yes sir.
WWE must have read my tweets and put Zack Ryder on the OTL pre-show to prevent me from burning down WWE HQ.
Tomorrow is Family Day at Hartwood Acres - don't miss all the fun - Giggles the Clown, arts and crafts, bounce house, airbrush tattoos,...
"And none for Gretchen Weiners...." STORY OF MY LIFE
Het there, did you get my message today? Re the golf outing?
What is wrong with this picture? Watching
and chocolate.
"Live Laugh Love" :D
Haven't heard about esperanto in about 13 years. Strangely enough, i was thinking about it yesterday
Koots in Anchorage all this week, show starts @ 9!
Doing random shit in my morph suit is so damn fun
Anyone know how to speed up Pow when serving up a 3.1 app? I've tried deleting logs and flushing DNS cache…but it's still really slow.
can I be Nick or?!
Feet are gross. Why do people have foot fetishes..
It's no coincidence that 'Barry Zito' and 'Iron Man 3' are trending nationwide
Excited to see tonight!
Happy sunny day!
talking about folks dual booting touchpads into CM7. Still a shame HP dropped it.
um you tell me!
When the real reason you wanted to go somewhere was to see her and she doesent go.
Wish I could have been with you & the #Rockies - lets do another game!
Its Friday! Time for a chilling weekend!!
Calm your tits!
nope lol yea if u want me too!!
That tan was ridiculous!! Plus who was guarding the near post?!?
Let me know when you are coming to this side of the map:)
Tonight from 5-8pm FREE Balsamic & OO Tasting Open House w/ tips on starting an herb garden - oh & hh specials all night! JOIN US!
