Aw.. What kept you awake for two consecutive nights already? :-(
LOFL what a puss
Who has a mom to love IRL (that's in real life) and to follow on Twitter? Happy day!
Believe in yourself. Your mind is your worst enemy and hardest critic.
Clearpath is hiring an outside account manager with responsibility for our cloud business. Please contact me to discuss.
am i invited to the partay? Mine's the 4th.
You're going to bite my tongue..? Uh..
Thanks for following me man. I really hope you enjoy viewing my artwork.
Its not many females that can speak their mind and be real and still be loved by many.... i do this
about to step in the booth a murder hijack a plane we coming out with hot banging rawr raps get yo gat cuz we putting Vegas on the Map
Just googled an ActionScript problem. The first result was a question someone asked on a forum 4 years ago. I ASKED THE QUESTION!!
Listening to Right now those women blessed enough to be in attendance are introducing themselves.
If I am not ripped by the third month. I am beating up every trainer.
I promise that wasn't our intention!
Headed to the eye doc. E R T G V W. Here's hopin' I can read the smallest line...or any line at all, really.
What's up with #Baylor uniforms? Colorado should get 10 points as a penalty
Ash what are you and selena doing now?
wow #Chelsea hasn't even passed the half...#Barcelona is back to normal...
Consider it sprung!
Grey Album and Jaydiohead. What more can I say to ya?
Someone should study the affect of buttered popcorn aroma on productivity. Popcorn pops, productivity goes down... m, popcorn.
when you gonna realease some new shit?
Is it time to get your financial house in order? PPL hosts a great series of daily workshops for Money Week, 12-1pm, April 24th-27th!
Of either.
Gotta leave a little room in the discussion for De La Soul's "3 Feet High and Rising."
I want that shirt !_+
TY RT & mentions: -very kind of you! Have a great wkend!
Picking #sxsw panels has got to be what hoarders go through when choosing which cat to keep from their 100
Hello. Where are you my friend.
All of us here at and wishing moms everywhere a very happy Mother's Day!
Some people can't get enough of trade rumors. I can't stand reading anything that's not already fact.
Has a black belt. Or is a black belt. Verbs.
Leif's (local car repair shops) still advertise w/anti-insurance co claims that by definition can't be proven. Not getting me to trust them.
i forgot to tweet all day, i feel dirty. bed, lunch shift, star trek, true blood! yes yes yes!!
Must getting older, ready for bed and it's only 8:30
ill never forgive myself for missing bamboozle this year. this is fucked up.
never heard of it.
Theres still another half of season n playoffs to avg 18 and 8 and cut down on TOs. *TRY OUT* lol
.: but there are plenty of members in Cong who are paying attention. #innact Need to move in Cong., courts, and in activism.
That link didn't work
Gilbert Wallace! Wanted in connection for the slaying of 17 children and the orphanage
is amazing! cant stop listening to her song "Want U Back" !
I voted today. Did you?
92 more followers to reach 1000 follow me i follow back
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 40
Totally geeking out to Rob Paulsen's cartoon voice-acting podcast! I am SUCH a dork! We!!!!
The holiest of all spots on earth is where an ancient hatred has become a present love.
I got my best friend back!
Don't forget! Today ONLY -- 20% off all FURNITURE at Diversity Thrift!!!
Listening to an exposing and awesomely scathing story about Facebook on featuring and
Look who is trying their hand at rapping? Or ... what was that?? [ J to the C to the Tenne - C]
Who's seeing #Avengers tonight???
Good choice! RT : I will head on over to after meeting with tomorrow! :)
I agree! In of my mottos haha
So THAT’S why its called “Skull Splitter.”
Get to audition for a feature film with ludacris in it!! ROLL OUT
sigh ... there is such beauty and poetry in each and every one of our very ordinary extraordinarly just us and friends/family lives ... xo
it's gunna be crazy! Coooolege!
Max successfully wripped open the toy I bought him today.
#nw..Scarface, from 1932, not 1983.. though both Tony's are crazy bastards in my opinion..
Go outside and pick up the nearest rock. You are now holding something that is probably older than your grandparents.
Replace negative thoughts with positive ones
When weather.com says 'feels like 13' there should be parentheses that say (miserable)
You should be sorry!!
Congratulations to Kathura Edwards, she's won 2 tickets to the Lady Gaga concert on March 29th at Viejas Arena! Thanks for Liking us!
wats with the chinese face?
I'm not enjoying the atmosphere and pay at my 9 - 5, are you? Let's connect about an individual business soon!
RT A vocation is more satisfying than a job. Whenever possible, do what you love.
3/9/1789->B. Harrison: Men’s minds are as varient as their faces...for both being the work of nature, are equally unavoidable
great win by the giants mate. Now the doldrums of a sport-less February!
Does anyone know if Panera has a grilled veggie panini on their menu?
Man The Weeknd Is Dope Af
1991-Danny Bonaduce arrested for a fist fight with a transvestite prostitute.
I love when the bus arrives at the stop the same time I do, especially when I haven't checked the time.
follow back?(;
I may look completely calm, but in my mind, I've punched you in the face like three times.
Just woke up
and all that counts is here and now.
They'll never top my Margarita!
Twitter trends weird shit.
Writing a paper about IAU. Very early stages but expecting to publish. Would love to chat. DM for details.
i dnk man spotify 90s radio playlist is pretty close
Any chance Dunbar Poet HS alum Tavon Austin can return playoff punts for purple black on January15th? Crazy homegrown talent
Congratulations to my baby girl, Chantel for graduating from high school today. Mommy love you!! MUUAAHHH!!!!
that video is creepy like really idk i might never sleep cause of it
that's funny
If i was a person in the old days i would save the slaves not toture them.
Like me. Unassuming beasts.
Need an admin?? :)
So...8 year old asks "why are privates private?" um, yeah "it's time for bed!"
I like this Mardi. :-) Pass it on. Creative Confession with Delano Johnson WkDays 9am est on Twitter&FaceBook
On my way brotha..oh wait you have no idea who i am!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 1
Now that's a win! The new Big Three- Bryant, Hill and Ebanks...
But you love it when they drop money on your art? Right? Rebel, rebel with a cau$e.
syd I think that was around the time we attempted to color our hair hot pink and went to lasting to watch
Im cold so my body sweats.
please keep your head up doll! Love you :) its a beautiful day !
im just trying to talk to someone
Is it possible that the foul pole at Citifield is red instead of yellow? I am painting it right now seems strange-aren't they yellow?
I learned today focus on one path and it will open up many paths I desire. I believe that.
": Just bcuz some 1 is worldly successful doesn't mean God is pleased with their actions.. Choose your hero's #wisely"
Womack unsung again. I so love him.
Just saw a sign that said tanning childcare
man its a ghost out there they callin all these fouls on
I so wish I was sitting next to you so WE could gossip!!!
where are you getting these percents from? :P lol
This friday i cant wait asdghjkl MTT
Thank you, Susanna!
No hangtown dude... qually .. bringing it home!
Thanks for the follow, Barbara!
My Oscar® Pick, Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer (Beginners)
Balancing work, family, kids and women's issue is a hot topic in today's forum.
As long as he does it as compared to the last two times when he didn't.
sorry. First week. I assume your background isn't black.. Any FS apps that could be affecting this? And what OS are you runnin?
Designing with a mouse is like trying to sign your name with a hockey puck.
Feeling a little home sick today ...
How nice—to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive. Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five
Yes! Well, sort of. I have the DVR is set!
Hot Chip u have been around for many years n ive tried 2 give u guys a go so many times but no matter how big u get i wont like your music.
My daughter, Kelli, graduates from the UW in 10 days @ the Kohl Center. Started out @ Arizona State but finishes as a Badger!
Music Review: Katy Perry - Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection
Beautiful! Congratulations, Dad!
It's dodgeball night in Sacramento! 300 dodgeballers, taking over Blue Cue for some fun afterwards.
It's so.
The #Patriots draft Nate Ebner from Ohio st. He is a Rugby pro and special teams specialist
#InMiddleSchool I remember when me and use to argue about sports everyday in gym class them Ligon days
perfect!!! Looking forward to it!
something wrong???
#OccupyAustin at #Sxsw reading #UnitedGA :: there is an immigrant detention center in Hutto Texas
Been away from Twitter for awhile. Last day of holiday here. Back to work tomorrow (1/2/12). Need an art break. Off to Phx Art Mus later.
Congrats David Clarkson on a 30 goal Season and Devils on their Playoff Berth!!!! Can't wait for Flyers and Penguins beatdown in first round
"if I'm not flirting with the edge of getting fired I'm not doing my job."
What kind of MEAL DEALS/COUPONS do you want to see in the new year? Best recommendation gets a PRIZE!
"Make sure these doors are locked at all times, it's black bike week." - Kenny Powers Hahahah, I love Eastbound & Down.
Laundry for a month. Forced to carry teams gear when broadcaster goes top shelf next year
I have to study but i cant.
I work for a Walmart In MI. Our Xmas music started November 1rst. Oddly, it was shut off yesterday and today.
: great shots!! Thank you so much for sharing!
Linfield: humanitarians work in ugly contexts, so they "must engage with ugliness".
tami roman is such a bully.
Say hi to for me.
what you wanna do like its space and opportunity
Then I went to see the Rio Grande Gourge (Bridge) it did seem like road nowhere & then wow! there it was very DEEP!
Lmfao! Jake just walked into my room playing "birthday cake" and just started dancing. #lolololol #mademynight!!
COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods. ~ Anon
Thanks for the follow. Your work looks amazing.
I'm so nervous about the MNF game that I had to climb on my dusty treadmill just to move! But I needed it anyway, I'm a fatty.
haha, do you not remember what happened!? Lol... Waited 35 minutes past my appt and walked out. New salon today! :)
Put your whole heart and soul into your success. Don't hold anything back and don't let anyone stop or discourage you.
Can't sleep
I feel like God is testing us everyday at work... Sooner or later I'm going to fail this test...
Day #1 presenters continued:
you cast the spell on me spell on me,you hit me like the sky fell on me fell on me. ♥
cool, my wife and I will definitely swing through. If this N.O. heat don't take us out first!
Mankind is made great or little by its own will
Thirsty Thursday means ladies drink FO' FREE from 10-11pm PLUS Paperplanes all the way from LA! Should be a crazy night...
Hilo no good. Do heads up PLO mtt
Close, but no cigar.
aha tht is awkward! R u spending the night at her house?
Y'all remember when camron was the shit
Assist uses your paired and connected phone to dial 911 if your airbag deploys and,if the emergency fuel pump shut-off is activated
Going to Miami tomorrow with !!! :)
This is just taking way to long and I know you think I'm way to wrong
B-Dubs ❤
Everyone's about to be home and complaining about seeing the same people they go to the club to see every weekend.
Hey if you are in Chicago the weekend of May 19th, will you go to prom with me?
Go for the 3, no foul games!
now that I've narrowed my derby choices to 4, i can begin to study.
idk if u already followed me but
Hey !!! I do the third one
« i hate wen i take a female out nd she ask am i goin to pay..........i guess those da type of nigga dey use to dealing wit»
That's because Karp was his alter ego today, a sub par Pro Golfer as opposed to his normal ego, a sub par Pro MTTer
Holy crap!! I'm so glad I'm not the only one in DC that's been on two first dates with the same person, ha!
hey what's up sis.
OMG RU is this a joke!?! Sharon Needles is the most amazing performer that has been on ... CROWN HER!!!!!
Over 90 per cent of Americans are in desperate need of basic dental and vision care
the bad news is I am sick today and couldn't study at all. the worse news is i still have to study my face off... :(
Agree Vic. Went to a game there two years ago and there was zero energy. Big selling point for the Broncos!
That was unexpected.
OI think we figured it out, thanks!
PMD for sure! What a great weekend. Back to the grind. Until next time!
Good look
Thanks! I have the Striphas, but it's still on the pile to read (it's a big pile!)
What, oh, just making puns in morse code.
from here on out, we are officially #dreamteam -- Annie, word!
I don't know why, but I can't get into this whole twitter thing!!
great to meet you!
Act 1 is done!!! Act 2 tomorrow with and Chamber <3 :)
That could definitely be a game changer for both industries. Google and sprint are already joining forces in the voice app.
Bulls Vs. Boston Tickets still available for the Game tomorrow night. Call us at 888-493-0004 or purchase on our website
Who else has no plans on this boring friday?
I thank God for my friends.... They keep it real even when I am not myself... I love y'all and humbled to know you...
always feels bad whenever I'm unprepared for class, but then I just think I'm returning the favor.
New bunny art calendars just arrived via UPS a week early, yay! SHould have the listing up this afternoon.
We did it earlier than that. Once again we relaxed instead of taking it to them. We made Cam look godlike!
Would someone pls tell Glen Camble that he's not singing in the shower!
Earthquakes in San Francisco are like riding a big wave surfing.
If u work hard haters wil respect u
You + all = Y'all. Not ya'll. This has been your Texan Lesson Public Announcement.
haha enjoy bro. What game...
Hey Michael! Whoo hoo! Go KNIGHTS!
Waking up to my pooch and my daughter...and then getting my mocha. My mornings have many awesome moments.
Lol I need more followers.when to sleep at 1 am n they woke me up at 8 am tired I wanna go to sleep not fair
it was nice meeting you at lunch yesterday! #mom2summit Safe travels home. :)
Great stuff John terry.
THANKS! RT : brand new follower here, just heard a little of your music and went in for $25. Good luck!!
But it's going to smash twitter! ...and facebook! ...and Zuckerburg is so scared he's taunting Wallstreet with hoodies! ROFL
Emergency testing is really unnecessary during my late night tv. Shy can't they just tweet the testing?
While looking through Walker's campaign finance report, I've noticed there is a helluva lot of illegal donations made.
i wish i could. phones off
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 19
Enjoying this easter
Im fuckin hurt right now Joshua was the greatest singer ever and they got rid of him :(
Productive Day. Current film, New film (script) and new Networking Site Meetings all day and all moving forward
Layin in bed listening to music and Txtn ppl... Hmu if ya gotz the numba... If not ... ASK!!!
Whose cruel idea was it for the word “Lisp” to have a “S” in it?
Dang it's Monday. 6 day week this week. Not only that but I've got to be at work an extra hour early. Basically a week from Hell!
Military Secrets Leak From U.S. Universities With Rules Flouted
It's #TuesdayShoesDay! What shoes are you wearing today?
"at some levels this is barbaric" Mike Goldberg on pro football
I sorta called it back at 7:26 when you asked how Inge could send msg to old team. Wasn't a walk off but, give me some points
The Brewers aren't stealing signs And E Jax is normally solid. But the Cards have been whining all week it's sad
thunder. omg
Watching favorite #atp & #wta players chases away week of grumpiness.Reminded that finding optimal path to competition great problem 2have
Lemme Get Her Email Tho ;* RT “: my mom updates her facebook more than i do on a daily basis.”
lmaooo okay. :p well depends if my mom doesn't check on us at night. -.- I don't want us to get caught.
We're working from home!
thanks for tweeting us guys!
no it isn't.
still looking for web based app that enables hundreds of users to upload text, images and video.... any thoughts anyone?
#redsox #yankees both winless to start season. Maybe the Mayans were right.
please notice me!!! please 3
<--- fresh cut lol not gonna post it on here tho
This is the best chicken you will ever be
Just got a sneak peek of new book. Holy smokes people, save your $25. You will want this.
FBI hopes Bulger's arrest lifts the curtain on a dark time in the bureau's history. Story at 5:30 on
oh yeah?
late start again! Pretty chill week at school so far! =) <3
I want to be a fashion. designer or a fashion stylish.
ONE HOUR from now- France for Christ @ Hope Church on Juan Tabo N of Montgomery. Details @ AIR1.COM
May the force be w you May Day Occupy protestors!
Fortunately, Romney "gets" she is no longer a political figure, just a celebrity with overrated following
The Alphabet Matcher and Story Starter are now available at Barnes & Noble and BN.com!
Good Morning! Had my cup of coffee, and now seeing how all my friends are starting their day...I love being a part of so many friends day!
Christmas Everyday Clothing is alive and well!
did you regret ever standing by my side ... :(
The shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it might be as fake as the hoe who told you.
Did I just hear you say states rights?? Aren't you in GA? What's up with that? LOL. Just messin.
Timing is everything
So, I took a month off of twitter, anything exciting happen while I was gone?
I think most vegetarians don't count it because it didn't hatch. But vegans definitely don't eat eggs or any form of animal. Hmm idk
I guess Rubio is an Adidas boy after all! Congrats on the new endorsement deal!
I'm proud to say I've watched everyone of those. I still remember the Gatti fight like it was yesterday
COD BLACK ops II.
i miss you more girl ! <3
Dovestech and conduct technical research and benchmark testing on deep #packet inspection from within the Doovel #Hadoop architecture.
website for our math at college went down, so NO WORK TODAY!! WOOOHOOO!
Traveling up to green bay. Sounds like delicious
Sorry DJ...not sure what you are referring to? We have half priced wine night on Monday...but that is all wine, not just WA.
Usher, Pitbull, The Band Perry, Chris Brown, Justin Bieber, Kenny Chesney, Maroon 5, Flo Rida..// A bit underwhelmed.
follow me please <3
"60% of Americans do not pay any Federal Taxes."
I am preparing to go to my WebSoup class.
Cool! On my way to Florida right now!
Prob a good thing I didn't know about it. ;-) RT : GM ! Did you go to HU's graduation? Cory Booker was the...
smh . just make sure you stay on ya sid of the bed
I'm upset that I couldn't get the best chicken fingers this side of the world...I settled for Rally's tho, not a bad alternative
it's suppose to be. you know any girls who'd be interested?
Keep The "Christ" in Christmas can't replace Him with an X
you guys are the best haha c:
I don't care what political party you belong to, you must admit there is something really wrong with the way the U.S. gov't is being ran!
I am a #Mahomie. I have listened 11:11. I love it. It is on replay. I am a 11:11-aholic and I love
RT : Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor ~ H Jackson Brown
you're right. I'm getting off Twitter now.
would be nice if slipped to rnd 2 and indy could steal him.
WHY YOU NO TWEET ME? :(
im not sure if he is just saying that but it doesnt seem like he has ever went out with anyone at school so ,??
Touchdown #Patriots!!!!!!!!
Did you like it here? :D
T shirts are fun T shirts are crazy!!
I will do that (: , you know what it is !! RT : im feeling real SoSoDef tonight so check out the videos im posting
Thanks too #oomf , saved my ASS tonightt.
Peace out ya'll
My 3 year old said she is going to college on "the moon". Thanks a lot Newt!
Don't make this complicated. It could be so easy.
Word. Craigslist ads with no photos is pointless. 'Course, I've been victim of the 1 exterior photo thing before. Had no pics.
Join us tonight in the Jade lounge for $3 appetizers all night plus DJ Sandy @ 8pm
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. (Vista M. Kelly)
My mom is too nice to get mad at me. If she does get mad I must've done something really bad.
dang, that's pretty amazing!
RIP Maurice Sendak - Let the rumpus begin.....
i totally understand but don't delete your twitter! i don't ignore you :)
: thx for the shout out!!! #NYC!
& thanks for the RT! I feel like I struck gold... now to decide which lessons to use for back to school!
Congrats on unlocking!
There will be a free promotion as soon as Amazon corrects their mistake. I will let you all know when the Free promo is working! Thank you
Maybe earlier against Oreg St. Even though they lost 4 of 5 to end year they played Boise St/Wash. tough & beat USC. Good test.
If you love life, life will love you back
:Just bought Mission Cook.Cant wait to read it.making a zuchinni and linguni with ricotta dish and steaks
Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!
Why do referees call a game fair & square for 59:55 and the last 5 seconds they swallow their whistles?
i am falling in love with the sweetest guy on the planet!!!!!<3
Wanna make something better? add bacon. Wanna make something perfect? Add chorizo.
1) Go to your fav state park 2) take a photo holding an SOS/Save Our Parks sign; 3) upload to calparks.org and they will deliver to Sacto
coolin my boy, hate I didn't get a chance to see u live how's everything in dc
Teacher : What is a comet ?Pupil : A star with a tailTeacher: Can you name one ?Pupil: Lassie !
just make ur own sticker ;) screw w everyone
Ah, weird, nerdy friends.... I love reading your nerdtweets.
HA! This is great. “: Ok. St. fans chanting "LSU" is like white mice chanting "Python! Python! Python!"
At the JFK leaving for New Orleans
thank you so much for the code
#YouNotUglyBut the fact that you have slept with over half of miami is a no go.
are you spam or are you real?
I don't understand how there is dominos pizza in NYC. Who the hell is going there?
Hahahaha one of the best episodes, hands down
Individual faults & frailties are no excuse 2 give in - & no exemption from the common obligation 2 give of ourselves. ~E.M.Kennedy
Awake my soul
john a. powell speech: What we notice & don't notice about people isn't racism. It's an unconscious social process.
wow how am i weird i was tryin to make conversation but wut ever idc ohh and il take that as a complement
“ Ref: "Sanchez's arm was coming forward, but we assume he was going to throw a pick-6 anyway. Touchdown stands"
Thanks for the #FF. Happy Friday! (cc )
Will I see you at tonight's voice recital!? Also, will you be joining us for Rossini's birthday (and L'Italiana) tomorrow?
If I was a farmer the first thing I'd do is have a meeting with the roosters & cows & tell them to wake up around 9:30 instead of 5
Ask away!
RT : Females who want 2 get into sports journalism email me 4 advice. I think I'm going 2 write something w some harsh truths.
Can I take your body on a ride?
Do you mean Reven8e?
brainstorming some game ideas for a special Tucson Comic Con-related event. May need some help. /cc
Several blogs reporting Rand Paul has endorsed Connie Mack for FL Senate. Lots of q's here like Mack voting record.
im #excited even tho im not gonna see it!:/
Unbridled eroticism in Makropulos Case on par with that of Lulu's—especially Act II.
You can not just expect to be a leader--you have to be trained on how to lead. Courses start in
yuppeeee im on my iphone right now  immaa go get one. Brbb
your really pretty :-)
Perfect synchronicity. Got a moment to sit. Turn on the tube. Bye Bye Birdie - "We've got a lot of living to do" playing on Encore.
There's times when you have to sound like u hungry for that life
RT : When the pain of change is less than the pain of staying the same we will change. ~ Paul V Harris
you lost your accounts?
BUT olive owns my heart forever and always and forever
That was a great set by (Ana-Them)! ! #Fences is next.
Ready to listen to 's #NonprofitRadio. Topic: Smart Interviewing Makes Great Hiring & Relationship Mapping
Interesting Christmas. In the BR airport. Heading to Atlanta for a 2 hr visit w/ my Mom. Then to Indy to visit my daughter. God bless!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-34
Stay tuned for NWSE's Photo Contest on Facebook!
Ha I sure am ;D RT : better be proud of me for my tweeting;D #JustSayin”
Just watched #standbyme. Still one of my favorite films of all time. Always make me laugh and...weep.
We popped right on removing this popcorn ceiling!
it's cool, sea lions is what's hot right now #don'thate
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Buffalo! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
RT Have a #SXSW wrist band or badge? Bring it to any Amy's Ice Creams location for a 10% discount. (via )
The Play "College Fund" was Crazy Saturday! SONY was there & Great acting, Music and Dancing! They looking for actors, Dancers and Beat...
The Dow hit 12,000 today, up from 8,000 when Obama took office: up 25% per year. Clearly his socialist agenda is destroying the economy.
I'm great. How are you?
Spring soccer practice, soggy but not raining (with Madeline and Cole)
thank you so much! we loved the tour.
Guetta's terrible, that's why.
they took a shit in there pants
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
I got DM from you with a link, will it shut down my whole pc or is it safe? haha I hate spam XD
you guys were AMAZING last night :) hopefully we can play more shows together :)
This bitch i so dumb i cant wait tell something happen so i can juss laugh in her face
Eyeballing font size + font is easy. True pixel mastery is when you can click and drag exact dimensions centered in the PSD on the 1st try
So I am now about to dj on stage with DEV!! G6 baby
Except when you tweet... RT It is wat it is tho neva will I be lookin stupid..
Fortune cookies are always right . mind blown , (:
Thanks for the RT.
We are SOULS not roles. Be good to yourself today!
those really long car rides with your family and you just blast your ipod, look
Other financial institution executives face criminal trials over an array of alleged crimes against their employers.
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design. Already have one? 1000 Business Cards for $39.99!!! Call 720-542-6105
Do you ever wish you were a monkey? Then if you got mad at someone, you could just fling your shit at them. Problem solved.
[Been there. If in infield, U probably wouldn't see a horse] RT : Kentucky Derby!! I would LOVE to be there right now
sure! why not? we'd love to see your Top 8 reasons to join Swing. I think has started something. OLA!
Nobody fully understands me, I don't even fully understand myself most times
Wha? Say it ain't so!
It wasn't my job today to solve an issue, merely just engaging a friend of a friend in dialogue. Didn't know that offended you.
#SOTU "We gather tonight knowing this generation of heroes has made us safer and more respected around the world."
"The disillusion was so complete that some of those who had trusted most hardly dared speak of it." Great book.
Time to set aside work and practice some yoga.
sup bruh?! been a minute ...
I don't know if you're a fan of Adam Lambert, but his new album is pop genius. I definitely think you'd dig it. Hardcore. (:
check out !
hell fucking yeah!!!! ASAP!!!
Or should i say #NineInchNails just to make it more dramatic
There are a couple of billion muslims on this planet, your argument to profile them because they have dark skin is ridiculous.
Y'all don't understand. "Bad Bitch Syndrome" is a pandemic...
Tip #159: Watch who your opponents are targeting for chips. When you sense they are targeting someone...it's time to re-raise them.
I was bored and in Downton withdrawal. So I pretended that my room was the Abbey and I was cleaning it.
Top 3 on my "fantasy list": 1. Stephan Jenkins 2. Alex O'Loughlin 3. Gerard Butler Guess I have a type...talk dark handsome & hairy.
you didn't even know they had dez bryant well 2 years ago i told u
Info flow and inheritance: Academia, government and journalism need new ideas and fresh perspectives, not what Daddy said.
This morning we will be documenting the fun for a book release & workshop
In agency model more ebooks were priced below 9.99 than ever before--since publishers can experiment at lower pp.
Can't wait until lunch... Fridays are a wine lunch, with Beer O'clock around 4pm.
-Great event this morning!
yes indeed. The media seem to think they can pick for us cause of $$. Nothing balanced about that. Keep in touch. :-)
just a day in the life of dewdrop
Adobe brags about Premiere's ability to play 4k Red files in real time with the Mercury Engine, but it can't handle a 4K jpeg
My mama stay singing to her boyfriend on the phone with her uglass. Yeah, I'm hella jealous :).
the buffet rule is more important than anything has proposed to this date
awe thanks!! :)
Denver need to slow it down.
R&B artist from the 60's & 70's must be shaking their heads at the overly sex laden...no one puts it down like me BS pushed all over radio
aw hi!! thank you!!!
“: Who's going to #ComicCon? #Nerd heaven!” already there nerding it up!
What day do you scoot?
That which is worthwhile IS worth the extra effort. Give it All you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOE!
Sitting next to the talented brewers from - can't wait to try the Farmers Market Honey Porter they made with
Imagination is intelligence having fun.
thank you for the follow and thank you for reading Joyce and thank you for the work you do
Let your light shine!
while watching the Celts last night i got a: Who exactly are u talking to? The tv or urself? Smh
girl i been locked down, LOL
I'm having a book signing in front room of Pairing (hotel bar). Stop by to say hi and have a glass of wine!
When citing an eJournal that was originally in print, and you're just looking at a PDF of it, you should have to cite as "Print."
mannequins have great skin did you know
Sounds like a plan
bombed at the dockside yikes
Love the recommendation of Meditrina to accompany your nibbles...super wine but no super sleepy punch!
yea I understand.
It is what it is
I am on a mission. Vocals daily. La - Laa - La.
I need new followerss
Lt. Col. Paul Almanza has done his country a great disservice.
Im juss like whatever
very often the best way of doing something is also the most annoying
FUBU to become official apparel sponsor for Norfolk State Athletics.
AMAZING JOB! Mission accomplished! Great team work! Y'all stole the awards show LOL :)
Who wouldn't be impatient when there's #Woodford & #pizza & awaiting?
Osama Bin Laden is dead! Yay :) i hope he rots in HELL (he is the main guy from 9/11 a.k.a. The reason we r at war with Iraq)
Finally finished my complete photo & video backup to cloud service. Only took about 90ish days of constant uploading.
snitch fest 09
The chinese have APIs? wholly shit!
Very inspiring afternoon at Ounce of Prevention Fund's Annual Luncheon with keynote speaker
Also problematic treating "lit classrm" as monolithic - what course objectives might be (best) addressed by gaming?
thanks for the retweet!
feels so much more legit.
Game of Thrones is like reading 5 pages of 12 different books every Sunday
Noo He Needs Me In His Life Hello Im Mrs.Mara. Duh
Currently drooling over the $1million 19th century townhomes in today's WSJ advertising insert...
Most exciting breakthroughs of the 21st century will not occur bc of technology -but bc of an expanding concept of what it means to be human
I saw that OT goal in HiDef.
I been so happy the last few days. I think I made the right move 👍
very strange lol only in Florida!
Did I just hear play "Smooth Criminal" to intro Ryan Braun? Ha!
I think it's Taco Bell time
Thank you.
is pretty awesome she's a great friend
the bruise on my leg is purple, green, and yellow. idek how that's possible.
You have some great articles at your web site blog Lori! I hope others check them out!
I will miss Rowan Williams as Archbishop but hope he will now have more time to devote to his poetry and literary criticism.
Mall with my best friend :D
Women Build planning meeting next week tuesday. Join us for the fun www.milwaukeehabitat.org
The Voice will return in the fall. NBC won't be waiting until next spring to bring the show back.
Laughing my ass off at 3:40 in the morning cause I just heard the ending of 's song Mr. Woodstock , he makes my days :)
I think fell asleep. :(
A little woozy, and have been a bit queasy since, but haven't missed any work. I hear 4 infusions b4 results.
Come on #Chicago...let's bring back that beautiful 60 degree weather we had yesterday
shut up ! huhuhu
haha yup it is!
Nope. Thank you! Added to my recipe file with a checkbox for when made and tried!
Best way to buy them! :) RT : #confessionhour I buy most of my books at the Goodwill
the 'box kind of freaks me out cause it is a basement dive bar. It also has little to no good beer. :) but the girls rock.
Ehhh back to this homework 😖
Getting some City BBQ
let's all get together make some funny. Maybe have a telethon to promote intolerance of everything including us
Write an earlier date on your homework so it looks like you did it on time
"Somewhere along the line, we decided that good customer service trumps every other library value"
Happy Easter weekend! What's peeps up to?
ehhh ok let me ask.
Thank you.
Maersk Oil Selects FIBERTOWN for Large-Scale Data Center Consolidation - Houston Chronicle
Two #women workers said their husbands help out more w/ household chores now that they are employed making incense during the day!
Looking at , when asking for an EIN it says: Don't have one yet? Apply online. (Sadly, the website has opening hours. Really.)
#Warlords asian-style crab feed last nite rocked! Served hot, crab is cooked in a wok w/ginger, garlic & scallions.
hahaha holy shit. What a dick.
ima try n sleep lol ill text u wen i awaken
I'm mobile. I'll catch ya later Moonspinner.
Missing you thats what hurts the most
that ended after the war & all of those traditions became antiquated. instead they became relics of a Southern American past…
She was wonderful! And the theater is beautiful.
The Psychology Of Wealth presentation by Charles Richards Phd. At UTD.
i guess you dont know what you got until its all gone.
Should that be parents' hm.
Read-thru with my new actors for The Shape of Things begins Monday night. So it begins again.
Vivian, when you feed the lion at the zoo, you don't go into the cage with him. #Maude '76
#oomf just tweeted a corny ass joke
Hope everyone in #library land is checking out #bookless especially you
Went to see Ben Winkelman tonight uptown Harlem very nice jazz set, back in the studio. it's time to get on down....
what the dollar? lol sometimes i was lucky!!
So vote yes on no and no on yes.
that would be nice. If you need any help making arrangements.. I am here.. year round :) No races though :(
Nice! How are you btw? It's been a while
love the elevator pitch reminder. It'll save me from blathering.
A college kid next to me: "Do you work at the Red Cross?" Me, "No, the tote bag is from giving blood." Him, "Whatever, that's still cool."
I'll be at Icon again tomorrow working... 12-4 I think... The gospel session is a definite go, we did pre-pro work on it today
Money on the floor
Seriously though, you should go see Pierce The Veil this Wednesday :)
Had 18 credits too
hey boo! Thought you didn't have a twitter no more...lol!
me too, me too. I get made fun of all the time lol.
Pray Ps90 with the us today: Let your work be shown to your servants, and your glorious power to their children.
Rain in Vegas!
All I know is we've come too far to stop
Tonight Smack Thompson FREE SHOW! 21+Funky Rhythm with totally skilled dudes playing. Good enough arangments to keep even
Act in morning not
Haha its not funny :b
I'm due for an interview -Will do soon!
I got to have the world in my hands.
Who is going to the tonight? Who are you excited to see? We're psyced on and and Future Slang!
we help build this nation but barley see the benefits so its Fuck You We still getting real money
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Good morning
/ 24 hours too long. Need faster flips. 3x daily IMO for tB channel. At least right now.
with David Letterman.He loves having kids do their science inventions on..
omg you performed trust issues in mexico so perfect :O
#orioles now 16-4 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 0-5 when he does. He's pitched one inning since April 18 #haveyouseenme?
Tonight was a great dinner with my sis ruby and this is a big week
Omg I know right ....
u crazy!
don't forget a pen15
...in the short time I slept, or I had a violent nightmare and banged into something.
don't forget dance class tonight 7 pm
USHLI is at McHenry County College with Ernesto Mejia from Why do you want to go to college?
of course. Because after Christmas show we are some of first to speak up. I hope this fuels him cuz I meant it
but who are their 'confidential' sources?!
are u kidding me. What did he say ?
thank you!
RT : Here is a list of all of the 9-loss teams in MLB: The Boston Red Sox.
“: Add Draymond Green & CJ Leslie to the list of players who have really helped their stock.
I'm watching this ghetto show parking wars on A&E!!!!
omfg cori. I love you too. so much
is gradually enfeebled by his unwillingness to break from schoolwork for dinner.
An old video of Keith Carlock playing with my dad in a Mississippi rock band inspired me to take my drumming further.
I have sewn plenty of raccoon, possum, deer, and turkeys in my backyard. But today I saw my first beaver. (Insert joke here)
Can't wait 4 my 's to arrive! Also can't wait 4 the donated pair 2 arrive 2 the unknown person in need. Stellar product & cause.
Avery Nickname: Weapon X
hate the rain.
Y you thug me like that
: had a great time last night writting some new material for Go follow them
wait is that lady leg on prod
Getting ready for a meeting with the CO repub committee tech guy and wishing I would hear from the Leadership institute in VA
hell yea I was hungry
I've been worn away by birthday memories and galleries Of pictures in my head of you when I'm away
Obama is my President. I voted for him once and I'm happily voting for him again.
This is a pretty terrible nonsensical article.
that was kind of mean of me. No offense.
Last man standing or running in this case wins the 500
3 men on one hotel bed
"And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it."~Mark 14:23
thanx!! I was just looking for that!!!
When it comes to work, I am either too ambivalent or too passionate. And either way I just seem to piss everyone off. There is no middle.
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach
It bothers me so bad when people blow their nose. With a passion!!! -_-
someone else got roiphied
two thumbs up!!
Hate when ppl feel they gotta prove summin like...shutup &stop with your complaining.
RIP Dick Clark. Why couldn't it have been Ryan Seacrest?
Fun later this month: the Good Times Cruise-In sponsored by Classic Trophies, Saturday June 26, 10-2 PM, registration right here!
The retweets are appreciated!
Work sux big time! Finally have a new phone though! Woo hoo! But I think it's time to watch disney movies all night :P
you should use what ever bread he usually eats and just let it get stale and use that as the base
whose birthday is today? Btws duck dunn passed
Really nice logo but what's with the shaving blade?
Warm and humid today. I heard it is going to be chilly by the end of the week
The things goin through my head . . . :'/
In whitest-anything-ever news, #NPR aired a story about a twin brother doubles tennis team in a band heavily influenced by Dave Matthews.
haha! Yes indeed!! That makes since! So who is robbie?
To finish the pita I suggest day time weekend rooftop tanning & BBQ soon
"because denmark people are just all about swag, dude"
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😡
This is not the happiest place on earth!! Its hell!! Can't wait to get the hell out of hell!!!
Too many roads but All Roads Lead to ONE DESTINATION s/o and YOU! Meet me at the bar!!!
I know </3333
That's what I'm saying!! This is HORRIBLE!
Wen it rains it pours...n oh my its coming dwn smh...was bound to happen soon
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check for you
MT : Be safe ;) Have a blast & fill us in on the details later - Be in the moment! :)))
On paper at least, it's looking like I could rattle off four or five wins in a row!
Dear Chirstmas Break, if u dont come sooner ima poor my hot coco on you; so hurry up and come! Love Always, Peranahh(<3)
sh'e a lucky girl(:
RT If you replace older toilets with WaterSense labeled models, you can save 4,000 gallons per yr with this simpler, green...
Two cardinals happily hopping around in the tree outside my window. I will take this as a sign. Let the long weekend begin!
thanks brother
where do i get a hat like Buff is wearing in this vid? it rules!
Party time! A new CityCiao deal runs every week. Sign up at www.cityciao.com to see get global influences in DC sent to your inbox.
": Friends, word just in from 's family that they'd like to see the hashtag read #BelieveInSarah. God Bless Sarah!
Who knows what's actually true, but if history tells us anything, none of it would be very shocking.
RT : Regarding Hungry Like the Wolf: it's disco and brine? || brine is salty, sweat is salty. Sweaty disco dancing. Like the Wolf.
Snow on the ground in Portland!
If you find me in a little, sweaty puddle at Belmont, blame the
Well I Have A “Sony” HD Camera And I’m A Producer. What A Coincidence I Have A .38 And I Have An Actress For You.
This is sabotage love trynna fit-wale
RT : Agreed ! The most rewarding volunteer opps are those where Im challenged & able to grow skills.
i'm on android. You guys do that? Or soon?
That was one heck of a week.
Congrats to gonna say what folks gonna say...you just do what you do on the field...
Maybe for Jennings, because he lacks some court vision. But Rondo is going from Allen-Pierce-Garnett to Ellis-Dunleavy-Gooden.
Kelley: "Her name is Lauren, like from the Hills?" Me: "No, Laura, like from the Prairie."
Remember the fake D conversation we had? lmaoo fun times. #lowBBallIQCory lol
"Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent." - Marilyn vos Savant
Hooray! Thank you for being my 400th fan Lisa Binns! (even if my wife begged so that I would shut up).
Looking to rent portable sound recording booths for regional training events - anyone have suggestions?
I *swear* - I thought today was Monday. I was even about to go check the mail.
you in for opening night?
lmao! you're a freak ^.^
If lovin u is wrong...then im glad that i don't cuz bein right beats bein left anyday
This is a lot better than original reports. RT : Let me clarify 1 thing - Mets knew about this, but didn't agree with surgery.
It feels like ... someone just put their germs in me
nor am I
agree!! I made cherry m&ms cookies for bday.
Good morning, world! You are absolutely all beautiful. (: Smile, and make the most of your Saturday!
Super Bowl party time!
Thank you for expanding the circle, Philip.
I DON'T BLAME YOU FOR BEING YOU BUT YOU CAN'T BLAME ME FOR HATING IT
Do you believe your thoughts? Why?
Thank you so much. So appreciated.
I just voted for You can't argue with that dimple.
Happy Friday to you! ^ag
I followed him about 20 minutes ago which is a convenience
Amen me 2 RT": MORNING PPL TODAY WILL B A GOOD DAY IM CLAIM IT IN THA NAME OF JESUS"
Indeed as are most things on TV. But I try to look for the universal. This ep had it. As have many eps of "Awkward Black Girl."
thanks for following me !!!!
true, in a 3 county radius you get strawberries, apples & sauerkraut fests!
For folks coming to #DCDrinkUp - it does appear there is a $10 cover charge at Skydome Lounge...
I know! I can't stand it when he's mean to her!
Feminist Scholars of Science & Tech Network Making Meeting, Saturday 10-5, TWITTER TAG #FemTechNet. Join us!
if you have nothing to hide why not??
Y is this posting things I didnt post like "lose weight"?
thank u 4 sharing the wisdom that God has given u!
Kicking off 2012 @ bourbon blue tonight ... 9pm. We'll be drinking flat champagne and Miller Light floaters from last night.
some food that is
That's like picking a fav child - I love them all. But, prob the world's best bacon- it's the reason I'm not vegetarian!
Just received a calendar invitation to attend an oil change in Bangkok.
DID YOU TAKE PHOTOS? D:
#WhyiGive And we give because when someone finally does, it's revelatory for the recipient.
Happy Birthday to one of the most versatile and gifted actors of our generation.
The Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation(MAEF) promotes academic excellence in Minnesota public and non public schools.
WORTH YOUR TIME | Charles Eisenstein, "The act of Receiving is an act of Generosity. The act of Giving is an act of Self-Care." This presen…
A better question is how the hell they get anything done if everyone calls themselves "Roger" (cc: )
Why in the world did I not get mail yesterday...why do we celebrate Columbus day?
If yall looking for beats fuckz with dude got some heat. We going get it in soon.
Family? Vacation? Beach? Snow? How are you spending your holiday season?
...when you do something from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy...
Hi I'm one of the 5,000,000 Miami drivers that forgot how to drive because of some rain -__-
Gertrude Stein~ There aint no answer. There aint going to be any answer. There never has been an answer. Thats the answer.
Can someone PLEASE explain to me what just happened about Hazza???
exactly. in front of a wall of amps. maybe a smidge of blood.
I hate my short hair now lbs smh
I wish War was just a game we played when we were kids...
follow me and i will rid the world of peanuts! c;
However, when we feel something is missing or we are uncomfortable, we lose sight of the good in our lives.
thanks, we thought so too!
Support your local record store.
much love to all of you!
Know Prob princess. My name is Khan and Im a senior in High School . I live in Portland, Oregon. How bout you. Care to share
101 West coming from Hollywood into the valley is an easy place to get stopped for DUI. Rare I don't see a stop! Get a ride or wait a while!
Just munched a 'Candy cane' road goodie worth 5 points!
chase will you teach me how to dougie?
Weekend plan: finish new poetry video.
I come to fill the stocking obviously
haha of course it's gonna be fun! Then you'll be back for our date in Cali right?!?! haha! OMG I LOVE FLYING IN AIRPLANES!
"slow down school to prison pipeline?" Could u riff some more? I'm an artist (poet/actor) who wants revitilize arts/education
haha thank you! But you already know I am lol
I came home yesterday and realised someone stole my thesaurus i was lost for words
Oh yeah and by the way... Don't Sleep! #YSL6812 is gonna crack hard!!! Word to bout to have MKE locked down!
you are the most handsomest guy I've ever seen in my whole entire life <21 WEARING YOUR SHIRT NOW
Great day for the Bills.
LOTS OF LOVE TO your amazingg
If someone cheats at the beginning of a relationship, is that still consider cheating or is it okay because it's the beginning???
Shhhh. “: If they ever screw up train travel with security theater, the riots of northeastern yuppies will be uncontrollable.”
thinking about the possibility of making a REAL DEAL non-profit at some point. would we have to change the name to get grants!?
Yes the Monumental Monday code is good on all races including the 5K. Input it on the first page where it says "referral code"
We will miss you too Meredith! Stay in touch!
Liam Young asks, not what lists are, but what they do. Lists enact relations between items that otherwise would not exist.
follow @ SHANALUXURY SHE BAD
Omg Wuts with the swings !!
A day at the beach is in order.
is Johansson fucking high? is this whole power play unit fucking high?
Thanks! Couldn't have said it better ourselves. Maybe mom could.
So HOT! Gee i wish I could be at a jamming suburban pool party.
Don't do it.. PLEASE don't do it...dont eat a biscuit or a wing just please don't do it!! Lol
when you have recovered let's plan a road trip of the States It should be fun :-)
for sure dude
Whew! I can feel this rain in my joints. I'm so old, my grandfather used to date the Grand Canyon.
Such a productive lady day.
It doesn't look like the Region XIV Tournament will be starting at 10am folks. Field is still in pretty bad shape. Stay tuned
.,__. Oh shit am I in twitter jail?
todays the day to get pierced, come in for a laid back, no rush, sunday piercing experience. and mention this tweet for a jewelry discount!
I haven't seen a replay, but I hope there was safer barrier where #14 hit...that has me having bad flashbacks...very worried
so glad to hear!
Follow me in my personal account :3 ..i'll follow you back<3 ..
Do you think the lakers need to make a trade!? This team seems to not be cutting it.
i wish prom was over with already.
RT - I'm supporting the tech tonight for the Miami Dolphins.
The beauty of inbox zero... (Ding! Doh...)
should've come eat hospital food with me!
Thanks, Jacob! We are having a 50% with free shipping for 24 hours only!
"With me's where you belong So when you gonna talk to me?"
HA! Yes over-reacting to somebody stealilng Lloyds purse.
I am not sure why I am friends with any of you ridiculous people.
i love getting comments on my videos that are like "GAY!! FAG!!! HOMO GO KILL URSELF!!" :')
RT : To love [God] and to love your neighbor as much as yourself is more important than all the burnt offerings - Mark 12:33
Consider following Colts fan
haha yeah, my grandma is a big fan of gaga. It's kinda weird actually
nonono I need it!
Performance openings Vampyre Burlesque charity spotlight!!Support Best Buddies,Agora,Rape Crisis Center and Joe & Jean Travis Aids Food Bank
let's fugg around with some raps this week. I wanna get creative
Re-watching recorded ustreams just to hear Vin's laugh and see him smile.
What is your favorite way to have fun?
nigga i been in the house nigga somebody got the hoop so i dont be outside
Thanks for the RT! I'm considering starting such a chain once I'm done with residency. I have the business background.
You a show stopper?
I would love your thoughts how they work, I *so* want bluetooth headset for working out.
So Rumor has it Josh Hodges Racing is racing in Las Cruces this weekend!!!
Horrible allergies, lets hope I make it through the conference!
💰 can't buy your 💜cause it's overpriced
Somebody asked me the other day what "Portland Food" was, and I had a difficult time answering. Brunch? Food carts? Funny donuts?
it looks cool, and could very well be awesome, but it's kinda a ghost town over there. probably worth joining eventually tho
If we want to send something to you, where do we send it?(: <3
hello #petchat ! Robert here from the wilds of Alaska.
Student checkpoints thru entire semester-long research proj--peer reviews after research proposal, lit review, data collection etc.
Bobby Knight needs to be put in a nursing home!! He is losing his damn mind!!
State Rep. Turner wants a special session to address school finance.
Why couldn't be a nominee
Tavares, that was painful!
Mountaineer K-9 Services - where we take our dog, Bodhi, when we're out of town. Mike is wonderful with dogs! Call 304.756.2561.
What would be really nice? A 90-day trial sub to Bloomberg Law, including Dockets.
Fear of God is not an Attribute that should be praised but a Disease that should be cured.
i actually choose not to marinate myself, but am of the belief that all Chipotle deserves the right to choose.
On my way to the gym myself! 5AM EST flow! RT : nope 5am pool workout and a 7am client
Cinci! I'm a few hours away from there
ATTN Media: By now we all know that tornados sound like trains close up. PLEASE STOP ASKING SURVIVORS WHAT IT SOUNDED LIKE. ok? thanks.
i followed you back thanks. For the follow and shout out
You know you used too much spice when you take a bite and start singing Couscous on Fire to the music of Dreams on Fire.
I was getting caught up with my DVR, was that you on #BraxtonFamilyValues ?
What was North Carolina trying to prove? Politicians still living in the Stone Age...I wonder if they have electricity.
My theory is that if one resists the fake #RIP notices in the same way one resists the #mylovelife type notices, one lives a happier life.
Ahh, can't believe I didn't know that. One of my all-time favorite movies. I need to watch that soon.
what nonsense are you talkin
how many people from the crew follow you?
RT Thanks for getting the word out about voting YES for #sagaftra. #OneUnion means more leverage for all!!...
I starting to think Blake cant guard Westbrook!! Just starting tho
I might wear that dress.
how are you?
Late night Happy Hour starts at 10. $5 Drafts.
Early AM @ #BNA...stop in MIA then off to HAITI this afternoon...prayers appreciated :)
lol they just followed me too haha
are you attending SXSW in Austin this month? let us know and maybe we can organize a meetup
I know <3 :'D and yours ! M i wana eat it
Not getting what you want is part of the plan. Things to remember in life.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn your girlfriend isn't as into trending topics as you.
Locked outa my house! And its COLD
Watching #Elf on Christmas Day...perfect!
finished eating im ful
Previously on Lost...
Brave and stirring voices in tonight's chat on survivors of suicide. Sincere thanks to all who participated! You rock
just watched the pilot for Breaking Bad. Never saw the show before. This really good stuff!
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case. Share your thoughts here or on twitter Let's discuss!
ILL NEVER LET YOU GO WHEN YOU LOOK ME IN THE EYES ILL GIVE HUGS TO YOU and you can COUNT ON ME <3 RT for songs from
even my kid picks up litter. And he's only a year old.
I cant understand how i got the short end of the stick
“: what's this weekend” Nothing now !
Inspired by all of the stories from today's graduation!
Thank you!
Follow the Team! :D
Congratulations on your #SFGiants not getting swept by the #Cubs at home.
excited to see what's coming great news!
“: What do you do before you mop a floor?” spill something?
Like put some headphones in or something. Dang grow up
Who says, you cant go home?
IRONY. The opposite of wrinkly.
truth. I'd come watch you play
10 years and 303 articles to go.
water is the best fuel! and fear not - redbull is probably 90% water : ) add good music and you're straight!
im hungry as hell
#NW-Cops The soberity tests they conclude these days are fucking ridicolous
no Freddie sorry my computer crashed. I may have lost you then. Email and it will come to me
SOME ARE LIKE NANDOS,SOME ARE LIKE IRISH...SOME ARE LIKE POTATOES SOME ARE LIKE ....:))) HEY IDOL..HAVE A NICE DAY...:)))
The savior drops a ball!!!!
#ICantStandPeople who try to be someone they're not.
If I had the last name of furbush I'd spend the 300 dollars and legally change it. Can you imagine all the pun intended jokes?
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they're all you think about.
A healthy family is sacred territory. Anonymous
Why this girl on Facebook always message me talking about "I want to tie you up.." ?! She crazy af yung.
i need to sleep til i gotta go to work to bring m y attitude level down a bit cuz this chick right here is beyond evil today...
breakfast in bed.
Watching the new episode of
Sometimes when your sad you need a good crying session you'll always feel a little bit better after might sound silly but its true
ha! You did, thanks to sub-par mobile workflow :)
one more day for my birthday baby
#BoringMovieSynopsis Cockney gal goes for accent-reduction training, falls for a toxic bachelor pre-Chomskyan linguist. Good night all, btw!
summer, please, please, PLEASE get here fast.
Waffriday? Anyone? Does that even make sense?
Keep an eye out for those new ones, Zipsters! MT acquired. It's a 2012 Honda Civic with 527 miles on it. Crazy.
hey Alex can we get a follow out here in the Love State (Virginia)
Just read two Bleacher Report articles, awful as usual.
Ima call you later. Make sure you got ya phone on you and charged..
ya know it's 's Bday today... and she'd REALLY love a Shoutout! :)
“: Eating a bowl frosted flakes... THEY'RRRRRRRRRREEE alright, I guess. ”>>>lol Morning ☺
"does it smell like chicken noodle soup in here...is it you?....is it her??..do you have gum...can you have gum with braces?"
Who is drinking wine today?? White or red is the choice of the day?
Great! Tell us what they think! RT : #nw The Interrupters and it's really good! I'm excited to share it with my students
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
yea me either lol
#PdPlus People do care about the #arts. This is seen via the 50k projects on #Kickstarter that have gotten support.
EVERYONE go follow share the Mahomie love <3
I passed. Haha Well that's unfortunate. Get some socks and a fan? And thanks.
RT : Lakers were still relaxed today despite Game 1 disaster. Kobe on his recovering health: "I've been on the can a lot."
Hello dear Twitter friends! It's good to be here again! How was your holiday? Hope you had a lot of fun! Have a good day! ^_^
Stuck watching the crap ass lakers, I would rather put safety pins in my eyes!!!! I need my
#NASCAR gwc finish at Talladega after accident scene cleared. Ky Busch leads
#ThingsILookFor a big bag of Cheetos
Release it! It's blocking energy :)
I think I just mentioned myself in a tweet...is that like speaking 3rd person?
The Lakers "Ron Artest" should be suspended for the season !! He could have broken Hardens neck !! what a fucking punk !!!
yes maam. Send me your email address
At the OR #Health #Policy #Board Meeting waiting for Gov. Kitzhaber to speak.
She's my va$htie and I'm her kid cudi 👌
RDV is the best tonight!
I followed and u done and done
First visit to today. Think it as sophisticated, understated, friendly and diverse as Houston itself.
Good night to my #twitter family, , , , , , SLEEP TIGHT and...
you have to RTenter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart SPINACH on my salad at
I say that all the time(:
Great start for Purdue!!
dude!!! We have to go.
track down anselm he has some
Good try #Barca. I can't say I'm truly sad or upset since my team is !!!
Deaf, dumb and blind. Would you like to be like THAT?? Try life without God.
No matter how far away you are from that girl in the walker in the hallway, she will still find a way to run over your toes.
Petco Park w/
0x000006be... I hate when that happens!
RT My gun tall up to the sky
dats madd crazy plan on being there for spring break
which is?
:) love that movie!
Looking connect the dots with more musicians - USA Musicians Network on www.USAMusician.net - The possibilities are endless - 703-722-6012
Once he gets PT... RT : Derrick Favors will be an all star in 2 years. Once he develops some low post game he will be dominant.
hahhahahhahahhahha this nigga always thinks dirty
I just stood for almost two on the only bus that came this morning (after waiting 25 minutes) and just got dropped off at secaucus.
i agree. Ppl have negative perception on hockey. Wont change soon as nhl has hard time mktg their players (foreign aspect).
in a nutshell I believe there should be leaders in the church as described by paul to timothy
RULES - u must tweet us memory or thought of your #Mother & follow -we will pick one RANDOM entry to WIN band
Poutrage is far and away my new favorite neologism.
Now I ain’t got no kids yet, but this right here’s for practice I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet, but that’s how good your ass is
lost in thought.
": Ion say shit for recognition... Either u feel it or u don't"
We place money around the city ( cards worth money)
And podcast is live NOW. Talking about the Carrier IQ "rootkit". Join the chat at live.thendusr.com
yup! i was so upset.
yeah it's a a clever show
Android 4.0 is now available for the Toshiba Excite 10LE -- I can't wait for the download to finish.
ah! i'm off point this week. phew. let me work on our thing and do sound tests, maybe we can do sometime the week after next.
I told you before, keep posting and we shall keep admiring.
are ya still there ?
"Why have you abandoned me?" (Mark 15:34) Utter despair caused by my sin.
He's 3 Sheets to the wind and has a corned beef sticking outta his ass
I sure will!
Love you guys! I think I converted a few more ppl to be Wellers! :)
he does that too all of us. ~_~
I have waay too many girl bestfriends but the thing is none of them have ever let me down :)
Haha Pat Sajak admits to hosting wheel of fortune drunk.
Yes, I'm actually 45 posts/45 days so far for the year. Hoping to get in 400 for the yr b4 Dec. 31st. Still have huge backlog..
lol ok good!
That is the best freekin idea I have heard all day.
Lightning talk: Dave, NPS, Society for Historical Archaeology will take place in Baltimore, Ft. McHenry.
You're very welcome dear....have a wonderful day.. :)
excited to be going to 2012 with the help of a HASA scholarship!! motivated and ready to #learn and #network!
watching Fantasy Factory.
ugh MT : Ellen's at it again today. FB photo victims (mostly female) humiliated; audience hoots, cheers, laughs
Celebrating 17 years as a vegan this year since April 1994.
Cannot heap enough praise upon #Hairspray presented by theater students at the Bonstelle. Performances thru 4/22.
pretty excited that I got my truck up the driveway.
Dude quit bragging about all the money you have which I highly doubt you have and go get your fucking teeth fixed!
fly is hell like a G6, exspensive grill i speak rich , fast lane that v6, real nikkas i be with #respectmygrind droppin soon
No school for me today. Sister took my car with my bookbag in it and went to homestead for work... J chillin all day
Robs breakfast for the last time this semester. gotta celebrate probably failing that final some way.
model for you
I Want An Edible Arrangement For Mother's Dayy !!!!! May 8th (Hint Hint) !! Someone, Anyone !! Lol <3.
Still trying to decipher my own reading history. Apparently I never read #childrenslit as a kid. It was either comic books or encyclopediae.
the worlds tiniest frog?
I'm not sure if you're ready...
LoL, I'll make sure you get one of my prewritten funeral invites ;)
Road trip with my dad to Bartlesville, OK.
We sterilize all of our pedicure/manicure tools! Does your strip mall "salon" assure you such benefits?
jake said he'll say something to TJ
Fixing to head into this meeting. Getting prepared for the week.
Legendary column! How about MJS exit interview over golf? Or craft beer?
#Jesus "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." John 8:12
which your thoughts happen to differ when it hits a certain time. You pretty much confirmed what I just said. Haha.
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
yeah -- I was ok when they left Occidental (happy for the photographers that love to shoot there), but I liked them in ct park
Maybe the beer ice cream idea might be okay? I shall investigate. Thanks for the heads up, stomping aside.
JJ, you're my hero.
still alive, then?
I need to send this picture to this man
hi david, thanks for the follow! www.gossip-culture.com
If im gonna die i rather die saving a beautiful girl. And whisper i love u in her ear as i plunge to the abyss
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs. ~Charles Dickens
70 today and 1 to 3 inches of snow overnight. Thank god summer is around the corner and I'll be in Vegas over the weekend. This is insanity.
Getting a coffee and checking out my lil bro's place of employment..the James John Cafe in St. John's, North Portland. Happy hump day!
it is dope
Hi From little RI. Twitter can be a powerful PLN also terrific tool for emergency situations! Used all week since I lost power
bigger fan of VoteSmart, other systems that educate, not "automate" choice, especially on future leaders.
New Lunar Internets Power to Prevent Disease « skybluevb
My choices created this: Cerebral Dysfunctional-Family Movies
I <3 #thevoice . It's so great - and the folks are so talented!!!
Having one of those weekends where I'm really, really tired of the internet.
Yes, those pics will be posted in the next day or so. Will tweet it when they're up!
Trying LUCY'S EL ADOBE for lunch for 1st time. 1/2 excited and 1/2 nervous. It could be cleaner.
too many!
did we meet up with you?
Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.
I had a good weekend with the one I love the most and some friends.
Are you, by chance, going to the "Unbound: Speculations on the Future of the Book" sympo at MIT in May? cc
You stole my heart....
Smh Joe Im Mad Aint A Bitch In My Zone!!!!
sitting by margie
Field trip to the costume shop. Never knew they carried over a million costumes. Will definitely be here more often!
how ya doing?
If i knew who killed me (if it happens) i would haunt them and see what they do.........
RT Early morning Twitter consensus: Well, Omar, peace, homie. #SportingKC "agreed, he's outta here."
If you aint with me.....Fuck You 2 Fingers Up!
#YouGetPointsIf you love God more than anything.
Where would you find A Therapist? A Pop star? A Priest? A Music Producer? A College Drop Out?. Losing Ground
Sounds awesome! What's your favorite summertime book?
Select an anchor song that bring all that great emotion flooding back into your day. What a way to wake up!
in so much pain.
thank you!
Pixie Is Our Sunshine :)
Thank you , the official social media sponsor of #lastthursday on alberta!
#KitchenNightmares, featuring #Baltimore's #CafeHon, starts NOW on !!
Welcome to Twitter, Dr Block. It was great to see you at the Chapter Advocacy Summit...
Thanks, David! It will be awesome-- hope you can make it to Belle Isle!
Should I tell you I'm starting to have feelings for you..? hmm..idk :(
Finally up
Hangovers. Suck.
yay you have twitter! Haven't talked to you in forever!
Congratulations -- sounds like a terrific opportunity.
HBO's R&R Hall of Fame concert: Miss Aretha still has it!
I need the NY Jets to win so my team can make the playoffs
yep, too much going on with graduations and mine and Danny's birthday. No time for work. :)
We're gearing up for the Race for the Cure! Join Heather and Stefanie's team -and call for the cure with donations at 821-1010 all day!!
Zondervan Wins Two ECPA Christian Book Awards
no more aj! #Yankees just added 10 more wins for 2012 season!
RT Yooo come threw we got 4 Lokos by the Case Loads ..... #SOUTHJERSEYBITCHES Coming ! #WoW 2 funny - color straws
I had spicy Korean instant noodle w fish meatballs, edamame and veggies. Aft all these talks it feels right :)
RT : "IMA BOSS" FREESTYLE DIRECTED BY SHOT BY youtube.com/watch?v=gh7270…
Monday Gym! Legooo
almost forgot to #FF my friends and !!
ah, silence in the library. for the first time today. how long will it last?
An actor must be able to juggle passion, drive and sensibility in order to move forward with sanity.
:). I'd download right now if I could...instead I'll have to email myself a reminder!
sounds about right, yeah
Scientific theory - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
I concede like the French normally do. pushing to get ahead of Ashley. Even though Its really goalies 2nd team...
Thanks so much for getting back to me - tracked one down yesterday. Also, thank you for following - looking forward to your tweets!
And I say it again: Monday is fast approaching
gets to see tomorrow at the Pub.
smell bad? lmfao
I finally called the city of #Carmel codes department on the neighbors. I think I waited long enough. Inspector Code Enforcer on his way!
This is really starting to worry me :/
did you see angelos profile picture ? “hold on let me Ipad this" el oh el
#YouCuteAndAllBut Yo feet Look Like FACE !!!
. Why won't he debate Art? He's clearly afraid of him. may use humor in his campaign but he's no joke.
Checkout my twin bros music video on youtube!.checkout supra-my dreams are our dreams..or it's mine.all great songs.be sure to listen..hanx
Thanks hon.
115 cappers posted today with a consensus from their picks on KY Un & Ohio St, off a winning day yesterday with Wash St..See ya @ the window
How long before the #caps fans do the chicken dance?
Theatre major interview. Not really sure what we're discussing though....
Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. "Ezra Taft Benson
you have rock canyon-fort collins?
Real friends always r back-up in a fight for u, they never talk shit bout u, & r never back stabber; dont let does kind of friends go:))
you go girl! that is the spirit! you will shine like always! let no one take that away! we will be watching you! Adios Muchacha!
Thanks for hosting, Nora!
Sorry...empty taco shells for you tonight.
Duval street. We're at softball meeting. CHEESE IS HERE!
I never left
Who's ready for spring break? :D I know i am, im ready to get my tan on :D
Reminder: There is no regular mail delivery today. It's Veteran's Day.
I hate that i'm leaving home (NY) when are here
Heard this quote and thought of you ... "Don't practice til you get it right, Practice til you can't do it wrong"
I think it's quite important and exceedingly relevant for me to let everyone know that I'm about to indulge in my 2nd latte of the day
LA LA la why is it so hard to find ppl on this #sonsofbitches. Listening to underground shiiiit... burry my head in concrete
2 days till #BreakingDawnPart1! ah!!! can't wait! :D <3
I forgot how noisy it is to live in an apartment :-s after time spent living in my big old house in Nash, this little unit in Melb is LOUD!
RT : Nice little -4 2day for former KU golfer, Needed a good day 2 make the cut.
LBMA is free on Fridays thanks to ! Come check out the new exhibition "Gerit Grimm: Beyond the Figurine."
like, do you know the full names of each and every band member? do you know the nameof each and every fucking song and albums.?
I'm sorry Lucky; am going thru so much & so unhappy. Very touchy. Sorry. I LOVE YOU! ♥
i think i have anger issues......
ill tryy to go next fridayy (:
#huge sale going on right now... huge
transition from android to iphone! I got hard time for migrating data though...... definitely stable than andorid!!
My college is trying to sell me a CD-ROM alumni directory for $108.14. Uh-huh...
You can sit beside me when the world comes down.
maybe not but that's not what it is lol
Oh Yes
