Let me be clear, this economic meltdown is NOT our fault!!!!! If it wasn't for Bush, this never would have happened.
this girl on jeopardy is such a nerd...
love your Philly on the run blog post. Just moved here from NYC and struggling to find quick vegan friendly options!
#TGIF #TFB #TeamSwagger get with me I keep adding new Vegas VIP packages for ordinary people to turn into celebrity over night! Dm me, holla
I just love how is txting me on her day off.
Ur never running too late to brush ur teeth & wash ur face....NEVER
....i swear i thought i was going to read "hoes" after ridin' haha
Home in time to watch #Heat play :)
oh GURL freaky as hell LMFAO
No SOPA Mr. Senator!
Just heard some mixes from my soon to be released MixTape. does not play!!
I also disagree with the notion that unrefined whole grains, such as wheat, oats and rice are necessarily harmful
hey Lance, was seeing if you could join us on our show again Sunday May 20th? If so, shoot me a direct message! thanks!
i hope they remember this time =]. i would email him about but i don't want to bug them. And maybe if you get to him you could
Wow these girls are psycho!!;)
putting your whole info out there cause your a THUG 😁
that is confusing and amazing (??)
Street in La Boca?
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
Okay guys. Good luck to everyone and hopefully this isn't the end!
I'm so not dwn w/ AZ, & I'm w/ my fav Warrior fan , So for now: LET'S GO WARRIORS! Until u meet my again!
yeah! Lol I put your email there and it changes it and says the MMS thing
Thanks for visiting The Lube! Come back again soon!
who are you talking aboutt? -__-
Very happy with the Pacers pick. They still have lots of $$ eager to see who they get next.
there'a no better feeling than saying the words, "I'm going to Penn State.". Just ask
79, HOT, muggy, and SUNNY over here in Mishawaka. What about your neck of the woods?
In the pool naked at 6pm. Little Black Dress Night starts at 8pm!!!
fuck dude you went so hard! Got damn!
Texas multiple mamas? If they wanted a hit show all they needed was this NJ twin mama ...
Tebow switched his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx, for NY. Naming a pet for a team that can cut or trade you, twice, is... naive at best.
Bring back Glass-Steagall.
if you feel bad you can give your bear a snuggle.....he will make you feel better because he made with so much love <3
and Denorfia. Who knew Yonder could run?
Just got done cookin Pork Chops, Rice, Mashed Potatoes w/ Gravy & Corn Bread..
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A Johnston teen is still missing in the DSM River, an update on the deadly shooting of Iowa Realtor and severe wx!!
I tend to do the little things that go unnoticed
Smart and new-ish staffer Robin Moir already whipping some shape into our mulitple delivery systems.
you got that boy of yours working the back hand yet?
I saw Will Ferrell was trending so I watched #SNL . I will never trust a trending topic again. That guy hasn't been funny in....ever.
Is Jill on Coke! speed kills and I just think she ran all over us, I don't understand what she is saying
sometimes when laying down and typing my fingers slip and I drop my phone on my face.
Great screening of Last Call... Well received... Lots of laughs. beautiful town & theater,
Watching "Survivor: One World" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So glad to be here and not commuting from MKE anymore! RT this place rules
The girls & I saw The Hunger Games last night. I thought I was going to be lynched when I said that the movie was just OK.
I am my happiest, when I am with you <3
haha some rash
Lol mad cuz I'm Young Leek..ha!
Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth.- Mark Twain
Watching the vow again ☺
Nickelback wearing Crocs = worst picture in my head ever :(
What about Cousins
no not gone I've been busy starting up my daycare business.
Would you like to hold a Texas Hold em tournament? No problem...we can do it all.
it's only 30 bucks we should get a group to goo
Carpe Diem indeed! Way to tough it out Look forward to following your progress on your current Everest climb...
lol she has won enough over time
please go follow :)
poor wittle baby. I have exams to worry about. Done nothing but study all day. My brain is dead.
likewise, welcome to Twitter!
Every time I remember that John Krazinski is married I get do sad
Don't bother. I've sat for him twice...he's never been able to capture my true essence.
We have Special Lunch @ Mi Nidito, between 11:30 am to 3:30 pm. Enjoy Mexican cuisine! Check this out www.miniditoonline.com
Aurora Borealis is like real-life shield pulsation from Star Trek, saving us from high-energy particle damage!
#LarrySexTapeLeaked Nickelodeon wants this? Lolz they don't know what their getting into.
stop complaining. (thanks for tweeting)
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend.Have a blessed best #Easter ever! #Easterbunny weekend.
You could have danced all night!
I admire Bhutto for doing what she did as a woman in a Islamic country, but I disagreed with some of her politics.
A good cliche: listening to The Ventures, about to paddle out.
Lights out again! Let's play hide n seek in Keisel's beard!
text me or call me now i need to talk to u.
Leaving Davenport Iowa after 3 days of workshops. Enjoyed staying in Moline. A very cool downtown. Shoutout to Dead Poets Coffee House.
be careful what you wish for cuz you just might get it.
id make it to the one today but im at college for a bit...
Registered for DCLX! Can't wait.
I'm good. Sorry for my late reply. How was your flight? And how was your New Year's?
Agreed! Tom is probably pissed. haha
oh, & the money. I still gotta find the money for a ticket… awk. I don't think my babysitting this summer will pay for one lol.
thanks Brian. It's great to be enjoying my 4th year of double digits. And I think I saw some armpit hair yesterday ;)
#NF #welcome I cant wait to read your tweets & to all followers go follow him he'll follow back
Thinking cap's on.
Yes! Reading at the Tattered Cover May 24th. Thank you for the excellent recommendation-- that's great to know about.
I'm sleepy but can't sleep... Nothin new
hey jake!! hope you are well
Groovy, groovy...
tell me about it
YES! Thanks for smushing my face w/ ur fingertip! Where can I see results? -JW
Rough loss by the #Eagles last night; Chances for you to get back on the #winning side coming soon. starts TOMORROW!
When your phone is about to die and your not near your charger>>
Eric Cooper and Dino in Long Beach, CA together HS Hoops look out LOL
I'm ready for you.
I'd love to, but only if we can talk about the Patriots foolishly underutilizing the best football player ever
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen this psych final tomorrow.
cost of education rising way faster than incomes but your opinion is just "meh, accept it & stop complaining?" cc
thanks my girl!! Lol
I sneak up behind u,grab u by the neck then lick the side if ur face.Pull ur pants down,bend u over,panties 2the side & fuck the shit out u!
": I need a girl with moe class den teachers" As in the bar tender from #thesimpsons?
I'm back in bed. Working tonight is gonna be unreal. I need sleep!! : )
Procrastination: the topic today on my Leadership Inside and Out Coaching Circle. Next week: money. Making more and being friends with it!
page 6. My bad. Not sure how I will sleep tonight.
see you there
Chi-Town fam.
u are full of sass tonight
"having" is always so much more enjoyable! :)
def forgot about lunch today
if you want to you can
My granma just be calling my grandad when he be by my mama's . Lmao .. He be snapping
Look at Uniteds face!
Sometimes you gotta accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they use to be.
it won't work from my iPhone so yea lap top will have to do
"Family planning is coming back in vogue," discussing the importance of family planning and population.
When guys say Lol<<<
Just because I'm not talking, doesn't mean that I'm in a bad mood. Sometimes I just want you to be the one to start the conversation.
Heat fans don't exist until the team is winning. When the chips are down they retreat into their holes.
subbing in for DJ FREDX tonight. Ready...set...get down.
“: Despite the loss... the + ACB tailgate, match, and tacos at Bananas was a REALLY great time. #RCTID #LAaway” yup
Going to take myself out on a study date soon to Starbucks<3
Meant to say last Sunday that did a great job at the Rumble . All those 3 amigos ! Great props to your Uncle Eddie !
I have an overstock of Watkins cookie mixes at my home , if interested to buy email me ok, $5.00 each free shipping in USA, Shortbread Mix
My eyes have been puffy all day..
"loved by many, im still lonely"
where's the protest now?
follow pretty please!
Come visit at
I'm just a SUCKA for ur LOVE!!! *hearts*
The road to riches I see the yellow brick Road
Bitter Sweet Symphony.
Hey guess what... I LOVE U!
Utah Jazz, #8 seed...u chased it. San Antonio Spurs ERASED it! #SWEEP!! #OnToTheNextRound! #GoSpursGo!
I'm gonna get you get you drunk, get you drunk on my lady hump. my hump. my hump. my lovely lady hump.
Your so freaking desperate , just stop . Being single ain't that bad !
Watching it rain. What a motivation killer. Need to be working.
Just got back from Trader Joe's. Nostalgia music still going. And there's a nasty smell in my fridge. Ah, bachelor life..
I love
congrats on the pick up...I love the show
Going over castings.
I hate the cold!! Anything under 60 is to cold for me
Just got new shoes!
you can stop by any time.
I think I should make it to my 900 tweet tonight!
I'll be doing some "jousting" on Good Morning San Diego this morning. If you can't watch on TV you can watch live streaming at kusi dot com
Me is who I am and nobody can change that.
yes yes pleasee! i am already planning my birthday gift for you :)
Today, one of those days the universe reminds me I did the right thing.
Awesome by-product of last night's Beef Short Ribs is the bag of delicious bones in my freezer for the pup!
It came from the description of him in the newspaper article.
Defense: Love told friend, relationship w/#Huguely was fine days before her death, "George was just acting crazy".
": Niggas be trynna play ppl on twitter i swear! lol" (u couldnt have said it better)
Norfolk State!!!!
oh great!!! Thank you!! I'm still working on that for you :) but thanks for this one!
Its good mood food.
EVERYBODY..CHECKOUT ABOVE THE NATURAL-FIGURE ME OUT...ON YOUTUBE NOW!!!AMAZING RAPPER......
Now she needs to make a sex tape with me so we can claim it got stolen, sue someone and get paid to release it
My shiny teeth sparkle just like the stars in space...
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Verb got bodied?
LOL; right. Safeway only had scrawny little beets left. Gotta go back in the next day or two:) Beets rock!
I've had Same Song and Dance stuck in my head all day.
but have you done it again?
Goodnight World ... Much love
huge news! Congrats!!!
We all blame you. ;-)
NSAI is so great to us interns. For our last week of the semester, we had a wonderful lunch with some really funny convo!
sorry I tweeted from Mariselas account :b
That is one important cat!
Mavis Staples - Wade In The Water - 05:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Searching my movie archives for clips of CNN cutting away after O clinched & promised to stop ocean rise.
RT : I have it on good authority that you could hear the roar well into the NW neighborhood.
hi i miss you come back into my life, lets ichat son k cool :) See i hit you up!
Ended the night with
Reading old "love" letters can be a VERY interesting experience.
She was wearing Nike air force 1's lol... What a dummy
My sister doesn't go to work until 3, but she said she doesn't have time to go help me get job applications.. Ugh.
hey i love you so much <3
George Bush's namesake Houston airport #Fail Wifi doesn't work. They need some strategery here to fix it. And the flight's delayed +1.
is ready for some football!
He say he like my SWAG but he in LOVE with my SEX i say i like yo FACE but im in LOVE with Yo NECK
celeste kinginger at #icc2012 with a practical need to understand meaning <-> form in linguistics: to know if you are being flirted with.
good point. Can hire someone to cover business weaknesses. Can't hire someone to do your burpees for you.
In the stock markets. off come the gloves. Game on for the shorts now that the quarter ending influence is over. No new necessary
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
a writers guide to fiction by elizabeth lyon
my stress level just shot up!! these teachers with their papers and exams are gonna give me a heart attack
I still have to give that show a go. Catch up online this summer maybe.
thought about it....gonna cool off nice later though, hoping I got some chicken left in the freezer
How bout them reds
does he wear flannel everyday too? :-)
yay i have people following me... :)
Hey tweets, avoid I-95 north bound south of 112. It's a parking lot.
Buy some tickets from us for Wednesday's show!!!! We gots plenty to sell!!!!!
I'm watching G.I. Joe: The Rise Of COBRA. Why?!?!
Living Young Wild & Free ♥
I'd like to see an alliance of houses #Stark and #Atreides. I think that'd be pretty rad. The #Harkonnens and #Lannisters can suck it.
shit over here gettin to the money and workin on this music! wen u get back ?
All Monney isen't Good Money. It's Like Loyalty, It's Very Hard to Come By.
Thanks for the follow guys ;o)
that traffic was nuts.. we cut up Glenwood to roach way
OMG! I'm afraid of them -dont make it worse. RT I have friend who went to ER because bug crawled in his ear & wouldn't come out
I dig it!
All over FB. :)
Loved your presentation at #getradical this weekend!
haha what makes you say that?
Hey, that's MY banana
where are you Ms simmons
U gotta be very careful today is Friday the 13th
great season thanks.
Westfield targets 'middle ground' with launch of 'Hospital Treatment Insurance' HTI could develop 'new market' between cash plans and PMI
"U ain't neva met Martin Lutha the King". Lol Hands down!
organization of info hmwk finally makes sense after... 10 hours. thank you,
3 hours until the Avengers... #stoked doesn't begin to describe how I'm feeling
Welcome to twitter! Liver from pastured animals are delicious and healthy!
Yay, good. :D I won't get in your way!
Sick wife and a sick dog....got to keep the kids healthy, or it isn't going to be much of a weekend!
Yes, Omaha gets expansion team in Lingerie Football League-will play 2 game home schedule spring 2013 fans asked to suggest team names
Contact Ohio Special Services Group today for your Investigation & Protective Services needs. "Free" initial consultation.
Songs I have been stuck on today: theme to "Sanford & Son," and "Baby on Board" by Homer Simpson & the Be Sharps. Explanations?
Bledsoe is taking some awful shots right now. Let's go #grizz!
Purp Purp Purp Purp Yea You Know I Got That Purp, Got That OG Girl Scout Cookie n Cherry Pie, No Not Desert ;)
you play on Xbox?
Now this is a storm #wacoweather 💨☔☔☔☔☔☁☁☁
Stevie is about make me loose it!!!!! And he hasn't even started singing yet :(
awesome shit huh?
Cash for candy window display planning... Nov. 2 Monday
what is your nationality?
Shop there..
you got some pornos I can watch ? hahaha . 👍
#newfacebook the only good thing is the bigger pictures other than that i now have over 200 people on chat.and the ticker makes me dizzy
I want to be cool enough to be ranked.
what does that mean? Haha
you're killing me! My flight on the way to Chicago was cancelled, and my flight back to Minneapolis was delayed two hours. What's up?
I no longer hate Kansas fans. They are actually very gracious in defeat. My new enemy? OSU fans. Hater upon haters upon haters.
Now that you mention it...
ME EITHER! Its going to be so fun (: We can jam to One Direction all the way there!
email sent!
lmfao the dancing lobsters!!
That pony will be the centerpiece of my trophy .... RT While you're dreaming I'd like a pony...
GREAT MORNING!!! :) "A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity!" ~Buddha
Hope everyone had a great New Year's! We will be closed today & tomorrow. We will reopen on Tuesday with normal hours
Nothing more true! We often forget that. ♡
Employers asking for your facebook password in an interview? I would RUN!
.. what's good bro??
So I don't SPAM y'all from my main account, follow me here for the latest on #jamberrynails!
Or maybe they prefer things over LOVE. Either way, its sad.
Yes it is! The funny thing is the same speech therapist that told me he was done is working with him again!!!
Really don't want to go back to waking up at 6 every morning ... #summer2012 where ya at?
I NEVER BEEN THA TYPE TO RUN MY MOUTH IM THE KING OV THA CASTLE BITCH I RUN MY HOUSE
We need to discuss where your priorities are at!
Good evening ladies & gents.
Me & hannah singing call me maybe in our tight dresses? Hahaha oh these teachers are gonna be glad were leavin!
Frolik is getting the GWG tonight. He just is.
A big shout out to the hard of hearing!!!
hey can you hook me up i gotta group n we ready to make sum music can u help?
Spent all night watching season 6 of Dexter. Now I need to watch the first 5 seasons...
I hate the time difference between the USA and the UK, and most mahomies are sleeping still:')
Do you think one of the Gronkowski brothers might have SB46 tickets? Maybe I'll beg one of them.
You're right! The sun is wonderful in the winter, unless you're driving, then it's right in your eyes. Lol
Oh, girl, you know I already set my alarm and found a route to the roof.
Sorry about that guys. It happens.
"There’s no such thing as fate, nothing is meant to be...coincidence, that’s all anything ever is, nothing more than coincidence..."
Robert Southey~ Not where I breathe but where I love I live Not where I love but where I am I die.
Damn right. Everybody needs some #NatalieMerchant in their lives.
Regardless of what happens tonight, it's been a hell of a season. Can't wait for next year. Big 12. New Amon G. Carter Stadium. GO FROGS!
$100 says they don't... playoff mode right now, warriors are evaluating their squad for next year plus playing a back to back..
Charles De Gaulle~ In politics it is necessary either to betray ones country of the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate.
yoga this morning.
Live in #NYC ? Meet our #lawSchool #admissions reps TODAY 12-5pm at law forum at NY Hilton at 1335 Ave of Americas.
Time to start working on that beach body! $29 for 1 Month of Unlimited Classes at RdaMatta Fitness ($100 Value)
lol! Senior moments! :)
i freaking love the picture of you and Haley :") ♥
Tom Morello takes the stage to play a song he wrote after Madison Wisconsin capitol occupation.
what goes through people's mind when the coach says "you got Kobe"?
yyyaaayyy I loved the #BigTimeParty!! Great show
R.I.P. Author Maurice Sendak. My sons will be introduced to your books. One of Brooklyn's finest.
Hey, are you coming over for matzoh balls tonight?
I believe in grumbling; it is the politest form of fighting known. - Edgar Watson Howe
just heard chucho valdes has a new release this fall on emi. it's been years since we've been graced with some new music from this master.
Without my mothers influence I wouldn't love life and chocolate so much.
Gotta think Sean McDonough would rather have his pal Jerry Remy in the booth tonight even if he doesn't know football
Those English football players just said something to Hollie that I totally didn't understand.
MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>
off to the alcohols store with
why cant boxing day be every day >:C
Just me and iPhone and headphones.
😂 you are so mean! That poor child!
The voicemail he just left me :D >>>
agreed. It was hard to follow
I get that but would they use the N word? It's all hate speech. Could they not have typed F** or F*G ?
Excellent, something to watch together! :)
SO GLAD IT IS FRIDAY<3
Good Poem! Follow Me!? : )
Don't forget - Navigation clinic tonight at Westerville. Only $5 to learn the basics of map and compass use.
THEY BETTER HELP PERKINS
i have my icon but there is other pics too.
The Girl used the movie to practice for her recital. That is a mini beast. I was impressed.
Had to see what all the ... was about, natch! If it looks like twitter, acts like twitter, etc etc.
music Coffee and Tea is too great not to tweet about. Africa by Toto, now Borderline by Madonna
New CandySwipe game update available on the Android Market: Fixed; score displayed on game over screen even when there is no high score
Good for the #BlueJays signing Vlad Guerrero to a Minor League deal. If he can hit (which he can) should provide a good bat in the lineup.
I don't make them but I'll share the tweet/link so everyone could know! :)
Wisdom is the quality that keeps you from getting into situations where you need it. ~ Doug Larson
Watching Australian open, nice win for Andy Murray / v Llodra, good form and in interview!
Can i text someone who is not short answered? :P please? :P
Getting ready with a few local #DC #volunteers to feed the #hungry & #homeless. We open at 8:30a-11a Mon-Fri. See some1 in need? Tell them!
just ordered ur stitched "Poker Fish" hat
If you got a track with a open verse send it too me.
term project
Tmobiles 4G must be short for ( 4Get about your connection ) You suck Tmobile!
there many facets to wat makes me me, but wats paramount, wat has the most influence in my life is Gods living word.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!5
DDOT service change made by Bing Admin decision. Monday 10am Admin & DDOT officials will be at Council table to share why.
Im so
q7: Sneaking off in my Grandma's attic to read Night Kitchen, even though I totally didn't have to. Bet she got a kick out of that.
MVP of the Colts draft party: Just killed it on the jumbotron.
Hoda, Kathie Lee, and Delilah, at Pike's Place Market. Great show.
Follow me (:
Butterflies? I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when i see you. <333
I HATE being the first one to always start the conversation.
That's a long long ride
Econ prof using a cigar box to hold his whiteboard markers.
Where did you get it from? Did you call someone at your alma mater, or somewhere else?
Queen of multi-tasking...except when I accidentally send a wedding related email to a venue booker!
still not even home. I don't think I'm gonna make it. How long are you staying.
No Meetup Thursday. Crew is in NY for Pitch.
Seriously, that was probably the best Laker win in two seasons that I can recall.
Whosever idea it was to make DVD players built into tvs should be fired from life.
The Pineda for Montero trade is on the verge of being one of the most disastrous trades in Yankee history
I'm considering it. I just don't know where to go.
Bynum yelled YOLO, shot a three and got benched haha.
We run the night. ~
⌂ I honestly think it damages my psyche to read online comment sections. Representing the worst of society.
Baahaha This year, the Oscars took me by surprise. I didn't make any! :/
What up doe?
Happy Mothers Day to your Mom!:)❤
I'm used to lots of #bullies. Still, I don't like that.
Martin Luther: "Lord, blind from me my progress."
Thanks for the RT!
cool feature in the podpress plug in= you can preset the volume your podcast will play at for the user. sweet!
Funny, I thought that winter was over, guess not. Maybe next year.
When I was younger, I’d type random letters very quickly on the keyboard and pretend to be like my Mom or Dad :D
Why do apt complexes think its ok for black pool chairs? Hello we are in Texas it's hot as balls
ryan's on the g-tar. julian's on the pencil, i'm on the mac, and matt's on the other mac.
I should not be allowed to have scissors. Among other things. But mostly scissors.
Yes, it is well-done enough for me
If it's Wednesday it's got to be HOMAGROWN Stinson Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with ACM! And of course - The #Thunder Game!
have a good show tomorrow. Get a pic w/ holographic tupac, if he appears.
Wifi @ #cildc keynote is so redonkulously overloaded that I gave my iPad to use as a table for his bluetooth keyboard.
Finally convinced my mom to buy my board, just need to wait for her to get paid :P
Thanks for being a Truth Seeker!
#Watching The Voice! is gonna perform! ^_^
He wrote me a love letter i think hes falling for me Cheergirl<333
adorable 👌miss you, let's get pizza hit ASAP
When youre lost and youre tired, when youre broken in two. let my love take you higher, cause i still #TurnToYou <3
Let's go Bubba!
Everyone is getting hacked. Please make ur passwords longer. Lol. Just got another "ppl r talking bad about u" dm. Lol! "/ ugh...
lol forget that
I extremely dislike how my friends are friends with my ex.
Don't worry we will throw down here soon
Been swamped getting organized - moved to San Miguel for the winter; just catching up. Can you ship those cheesecakes?
You can check me at out on YouTube.com!
Yes! The time for focusing is over, all work completed...Now it's time to start the weekend! Have a wonderful Holiday weekend everyone! :-)
Stress Tip 728 advance preparation & planning can prevent a great deal of stress
's Luis Arroyo: protecting trade secrets in Wis. is about reasonable efforts. Not Fort Knox efforts.
Audrea - get ahold of me tomorrow for your tickets!
hahaha love it! WHOOHOOO to the 9 day countdown! Get it girl!
I haven't smoked a cigarette in two years now. But today I bought a pack. Just in case.
Congrats to on the new gig at the Herald. One of the best follows for everything #Patriots!
omg i saw u lastnight!! <33 the baby pics were soo cute!
Social media monitoring tools help you listen, measure, engage and discover what’s happening with your brand online.
I go every Sunday
Are U On Ur Computer Or Phone?
Left is Right | Driving the market from the marketplace of ideas - Washington Times
<3 ": ": #MentionTo someone who you want to live with." lolol :D"
Yes, those are incredible pictures!
I hate being this awkwardly tall.
Happy 60-Day Anniversary !!!
So, is it cheaper for taxpayers to have a council vote or for taxpayers to pay for it through the ballot?
#NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIPUK is great, there is no doubt, but KU .I would watch out for them. Either way, this is going to be a great game.
Loving and his team on #TheVoice! Heartache tonight is a classic!!
hi Ms Coco. This is Jay from facebooK. We talk about the business
Gotta play the Canadian COOP all week! Hopefully something big will come out of it!
Mann my spring break has been awesome!!!!!!<3
yep.... Would ask your age but don't want to put mine out...and I could take it but please don't hurt me
JUJU YOU ARE ONE FLAWLESS MOFO
hello sweetie:) are you good?
Researching chapter 3 and heartened by how direct and unpretentious sounds in interviews. No wonder she's a star!
Affordable Moving company services for commercial and residential. Inquire from us for more info.
Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other. ~Robert F Kennedy
Happy birthday!!!
MKE...and The Chickens and me will miss you, and too. :)
The only thing I am buying today is some peace of mind
toast is for closers.
Damn iM extra Late 4 Skool
My computer is demonstrating cool DH projects while I sit here tweeting on my phone! :-)
Adopting a daughter YAY!! Boo! Her mom has heart cancer and her mom picked me over some woman YAY so happy.
wanna go to th park?
You need Jesus honey, gain some intelligence....and class
Guys, I think Battles broke this whole pink slime story when they released 'Glass Drop'.
best kind of accent: Fargo
Literally got hit with my first April fool's joke at 12:01. I better buckle up, looks like this one is going to be wild.
Where did you first hear about the concept of #coworking?
You can talk shit behind her back? You badass.
Welcome to Twitter. It's Michal :)
'habitat' image in by Naomi Harris for New York State
Brokenness is a a twofold problem with one solution. The Father is the master repairman. You cannot be fixed by anyone better!
wear reflective clothing
Don't be surprised to see Corey Hart start at 1B for the #Brewers today. Gamel still sore & Astros start a lefty. Hart took balls yest in BP
Your so sweet my tweeter!!! Lol
Meant to mention it last Thursday RT Man, I'm about to get all jacked up on another Seth Godin book. Watch out
back on the twitter train! ep's coming out in two months or so! there are 4 shows booked! life is good.
I will be working at Camp Poyntelle Lewis Village this summer as the assistant art director!
Note to self: don't watch Top Chef, Masterchef, Next Food Network Star, etc. right after dinner. I'm hungry all over again!!!
All I know are goodbyes nowadays.
Yep. Meant Nest. They do have a back room, but no windows. I need that natural light.
Hey , I'm stealing your grandma. She's my grandma now!
Off work headed home for the night Can't wait to advance though the gig got me feeling like I'm on autopilot
Waited for the good weather in Seattle to head for DC
so today my dad (817 months) caught 4 innings at Pirate City with Maz as his coach & my son (19 months) said first sentence: Throw the ball
the best starts.. are almost the hardest ones .. keep running, not running away
Bahaha your feet smell like old vinegar.
Wowww you would bring that up!!! you are the one that sais "something you make pancakes with " ahaha
Appreciate it! Did you have a chance to check out the music?
I see it...passed on the idea to other teachers...
Starting off Association of Midwest Museums conference with a model making workshop. I spy foam core and markers. #Heaven!
Your link does not work..
first bench points of the night?
say no mo I dont waste time thats too time consuming...
Wet so wet....green grass on a rainy day!!!! Lol
Chris brown sexy butt is so cute...um wth is up with his suit..lmao but work it chris....He killed it
wait Heather makes "mistakes"? I have never noticed! That just can't be, recheck your notes?LOL
so glad they went back to their old uni. Such a classic.
definitely!! come party it up in south florida! :)
I LOVE YOU BUT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
TV: RT : Wonder if folks in NY would be interested in LITAcamp @ #nyla10 in Nov?
Thoose pizza hut commercials where people sing, are so annoying
Haha how do you think I feel???
It's far too hot in my room..
I know where that is. I've only been there once or twice though.
I feel like our worlds been infected, & somehow you've left me neglected.
“: The Padres are calling up Randy Jones.” OH MY, COME ON PADRES! ⚾⚾⚾
i was told to fight her LOL
thanks for the RT! have a great week and
Sorta misleading tweet. By "stories" killed you mean stories about their children, not about, say Iraq or health care.
#riseofindies : #coworking spaces can be professional, technical, and emotional support communities.
#read #Jesus Psalm 25:14 The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.
On the stupid bus!
can't believe I missed seeing that when I walked by. That's awesome
How the fuck that happen
Are you caring for a senior? & hosting resource seminar in Rancho Bernardo tomorrow morning.
it seems like a really bad strategy to me. Donor fatigue & loss of listeners IMHO
the nigga hate seeing anyone else happy. That's y he be after his homies women. Smh yous a sucks hating ass Shiit
omfg I love pasta.
this old school onion text is phenomenal! and printed in salem, too! #ilovewhen kayleigh finds me gems :)
on your radio now and giving away 4 packs of tickets to the
What's everyone's plans for Friday the 13th? I'm going on a hetero date with for a double feature of The Raid and Cabin!
Interested to see what happens at this press conference in Brazil @ 7a today w/ Chael and Anderson. My prediction: fight is moving to Vegas.
because I'll be so happy if I go!
I could use one of those pills from the movie
lol my bad.I wasnt following you till now ahh
It isn't nearly as obvious on video as it was in person. Yay editing ftw! Turned out great!
It feels good to be back
"Surprise is the opposite of predictability. But, to be satisfying, surprise must be "post-dictable."
Perfect! Or, The Girl with the Tullamore Dew Tattoo. Which I don't have yet, but anything to market!
or in jail.
Fiber and cholesterol are arch enemies (think, Superman and kryptonite) so the more fiber you eat, the lower your cholesterol levels.
Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs and Rev. Shuttlesworth, the world has lost some true visionaries....
It’s good to do uncomfortable things. It’s weight training for life. ~ Anne Lamott
Happy halloween!
Somebody tell us, is the DC government shutting down if Congress doesn't act tomorrow?
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña final comments "we need to impulse retirement, unemployment insurance, have public education include HS...
trust me I can't wait to get outta this city lol
Ohh plzz let friday come soon, 49 degrees... can ya get much higher???
Just live your life....
So true. **grins**
The project that most scares you is the project you need to do first.
Good one. My husband laughed really hard. #what's thatsupposedtomean?
ScribeModerne respects client confidentiality. Whatever we learn about your business stays between us!
miss u
New song arriving soon...so excited!'n
My mother is a happy soul!
My dads work is boring! But the wait will be worth it
No response, thanks.
a fan from germany said that a magazine called 'Bravo' said that justin and I had sex :O
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Hold down the option key as you empty the trash from either the Finder menu or while pressing shift/alt/delete keys.
To establish ourselves in the world we do everything to appear as if we were established
AT&T network says I have full 3G signal right now. AT&T network lies like a politician.
If the purpose of a system is to make it usefull, completeness may be more of a political argument and less about its utility. The engineer
Reading contracts on a Sunday. Does it get any better than this? :)
Watching sobbing. What amazing stories of people helping each other.
I think you and I might need a Pinterest intervention...
Julie Massello, welcome!
4 hours until Kickoff....Plenty of time for a workout!!!
New research results: longitudinal study of ? types & accuracy in virtual ref.
the feeling's mutual girl! and I want to go to that store ;) “: love chatting with you :p”
I thought I liked The Decemberists. For about a minute.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
so... where can I find these cookies?
If you coming to Chicago for the Weekend make sure to stop and see us. You will love it. Mention the tweet to get 15%
Also dont forget to like the Hard Rock page also. It is a part of the voting. Thanks!
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.”
All the extraness gotta goo
And I think I agree too. Would you?
Why in the world would you trend #/StopHateOnNiall? What if he sees it, he's gonna want to know why it's trending.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
Staying Home Today > Not Seeing My Bestfriends < Being With My Mommy > 😊☺
Nothing comes after love but pain
Is the crowd giving Ryback a GOLDBERG type of chant?
thanks! i like the idea!
Yah the descendants... Sis but live up to the hype. Kind of bad on by opinion. The Help was better
The Nightmare Before Christmas....
Happy Valentines to all my friends and family.
Congratulations on all your success! You certainly deserve it. You are an inspiration to many, me included!
dude... im always fckd up!
": "She know she can get it""
It's not automatic, but if the Broncos are going to part ways with the Tebow circus, this is the time to do it. Again: "sell high"
bcuz you play 24/7 and cheat. Haha jk. I'm actually better, but I don't play nonstop.
Why why why..
RT : So I got excited cuz the tv said impractical jokers was comin on ..but it obviously lied. I guess #wienerscircle will do!!
Hate that I went through a serious burst of work and came out of it only to hear that. RIP
Hope you have a fantastic evening....wherever it takes you. :-)
The Grizzlies reaction now...
We close at Noon today, Fri, Dec 23. We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3. Happy Holidays to you and yours!
I look at some of my followers and some have like 67K followers and I wonder why they followed me. Not complaining, just curious haha
thinks they should eliminate draws in world cup. sudden death elimination, please!
Nothing chillin RT : nothing at the crib studying. wats good
startup boot camp. Amazing success stories from undergrad entrepreneurs
don't worry about time. Just try to run as far as you can. And don't beat yourself up when you have to walk. Just keep moving
# 7 on the country charts for Fayetteville,Arkansas trying to go for # 1 the song is ( Crazy )
Has a toothpaste texture. Just not my style. I dig the shakes & bars for my
Watched my first episode of breaking bad tonight. Hooked.
thanks for the #ff Audrey. ;) have a splendiferously wonderful Friday.
Aubrey's blog has been submitted to GIS Directory on GIS Extensions Market web portal.
The OG Mac Band will be performing on Friday night, April 1, at 6:30 p.m. They play all the oldies. Good tunes!
my friend in #RandomLake says it was briefly snowing about an hour ago!
"Jumping crocodiles Charlie!"
Love the West Coast vibe!! So different from what it's like on the East Coast.
great. If you notice other things that do not seem to be working properly tweet us and I will take a look.
Oh!!! RT : The Broncos have agreed to terms with free agent CB Drayton Florence.
Lol Harper likes rap!
i hate how the AHN's OCR can't differentiate between "not" and "riot". makes sifting through articles ridiculously tedious.
Thanks for the Follow!
ok :D Selena is The sweetest present in our life :)
CANT STOP
Is it just me, or did Gmail change its default color scheme? I like how UI tweaks are often imperceptible.
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
You all should follow she has the beat tweets about 1D :)
Fasho push me a link to ya music.....
": She thinks STD stands for Suck That Dick #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
for if it can't be used for everyone. Especially when they are making good money off of people for such a simple service.
Baylor, cause it's in beautiful WACO
Thanks for the RT - Jon is answering questions now! Tune in to hear how he formed his band.
Last-minute online shopping items just arrived. Another #Festivus miracle!
Congress passes resolution to honor slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry #FastandFurious #Gunwalker Murder invest still open after 16+mo
Like we could have dated
they make him that much better then the rest
Andrew Bynum, after having that missed shot bounce out to him at the 3 pt line needs to get the ball to a guard and set up; not shoot.
like just chill count to 10 idk who you argueing wit but just chill that immuter on ther part but chill dangg
Hi, Cameron! I'd love to explore the idea of working with you for We're bringing to Chi schools.
Just saw ride by on his bike!
What's with the early start time for Cubs @ Cards?! Weird.
It's called the Bring Your Own Device program.
they were right....haste does make waste
what's good dood? Long time no speak..how ya feelin?
Got KRR3 and World's Finest in the mail from PWG. Ordered them on Friday. Dudes are mad quick with shipping.
it passed by my house and then idk where it went now?
Let me know if you want an extra set of eyes. Am reading/internetting on roof.
nah- don't sugar coat the issues at hand.
Who sees their tomatoes are on the turn and thinks, "I'll hang on to those in case some paedos move in opposite"?
Here at school waitin for the day to be over with :(
One good night of making music and i'm right where I want to be.
Have a blessed time. I'm waiting until tomorrow morning. Curled up at home with red wine and a roaring fire...
College Football Capsules: BCS takes big step toward college football playoff
Hey, btw, thanks for the comment! I don't know how I missed Crumb's hipsterism; it's artsy pretentious not vapid pretentious.
It sucks that i'm at my friends house having a wet dream lol. That was crazy
how do you know Ollie so well?
thank you for your support!
JUSTIN IS HOT. Timberlake, of course.
Hahaha. I just did! I want you to follow me back though!(: Pleasee. I love the country and I try and follow all country peps
500 free student tickets are OUT for 2012 Lu'au, but we still have tickets available for purchase at $10 each!
SO ready to get in the studio with ! I have ALOT to get ff my chest!!! ;)
I lose my Monday to proctoring and grading, too. But I am taking an hour off.
The entire #Aidara Team is seeing #Avengers this evening. RT/Like if you're seeing the movie this evening =)
Planet Eclipse
Special #FF in honor of their great work in the real world last weekend's
A startup is about learning what's useful and why, and then learning who's buying and why...
Children should not be drinking coffee, Aran.
Did you know is hosting $25 adoptions at ALL locations through the end of the month for animals over 3 mos!
Killed my first mosquito.
Baby wipes, the travel packs..
Shame we can't give your personality a makeover.
#Elderlycare is becoming more and more of a need in this fast paced world
Parties & festivities still went on downstairs & body of Whitney lay upstairs.Hypocrisy-failing to practice those virtues that one preaches.
In the 1950s household debt was just 34% of disposable income; today it is 115%. - Time
Thanks! We can photograph all the gorgeous Flavin light we want! Hope all is well with you....
super flattered. Many thanks.
Beat Dat Beat Up!
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Casual sunny spring hail storm in Copenhagen. Can't wait for my 30 min bike ride home!
Wonderful networking luncheon today with some great San Antonio businesswomen. Getting work done so I can enjoy a 4-day weekend!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 73
Africans dnt like black ppl
Heather Headley - In My Mind
wild WORK appears. Illustrator, I CHOOSE YOU!
yes please
: Sorry Jessica I want even be at school (:
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you...
Just ordered a couple hundred studs. But 10bussiness days is so long !!
Getting ready for the concert at ! IT'S FREE PEOPLE! Come enjoy it with us.
no, theres the familiar voice of kevin cole! kexp indeed...
Hell yeah, that was cool. Made me smile.
Doing the puyallup. Here I come scones!!!!
It's not the one I would have made, thought they needed more help on the OL. But Reese has proven himself, I trust him
What hurts the most, was being so close. Having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Des says 'Welcome To The Odyssey' on this freestyle over Clint Mansell's Dead Reckoning...sounds
were you hacked? or are you all about people starting their own business?
done deal. Ima holla at nique, get in touch. We should kick some jams, swap some shows
Would love to see NYR vs. Boston 2nd round or ECF!
One Friday screening on deck. Best served cold, no comments from Quigley. Digital comments from Forsberg himself!
What are we painting today besides that pretty blonde hair? going for needed haircut before getting on to the paintbrushes!
do u guys kno who austin mahone is
PLEASE FOLLOW-- 💙
Yeah... I remember first semester freshman year. Enjoy it
you coming to dinner club on Sunday Danno? #pureawesome ;)
HUGE lightning here. I can't believe I still have power.
aha brings back memories..funny aha
So honored!
I am happy I decided to enter my local Toastmasters Club Tall Tales Speech Contest. I just won! Next week, I progress to the Area Contest!
Our server hates me and , and we aren't sure why!
I need to buy Apollo justice now
they're going to miss it if they don't.
You guys looked so cute. We're at Bungalow if you're done romancing. :)
I need to cast out two people from my timeline. Like a demon!
Are your friends hating on your relationship?
that's snap! The Power!
Alex Golub: Anthropology is battling against a 'death spiral' when it comes to #oa; A fatally dependent on system of volunteers
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: Democrats believe in governance ... Republicans not so much.
Finally watching The Help. Wonder how long it will take me to get to Hunger Games...
is drinking a Monster....I need one of those too!!!
I like that your random. You're music post just let me know what's on your mind.
Happy Christmas Eve.....we are open until 2PM today if you need a last minute gift card.
DailyHookahTip#137: Make sure that your quick-start coals have completely started up before placing them on top of the bowl.
Milwaukee Mustangs fall in their AFL season opener 71-65 to Arizona Rattlers. Rattlers scored winning TD with :05 left in game.
1890's: Newspaper insists "insane man" shot their editor. Insuran. co. says he had a reason (was fired), therefore sane, so policy is void.
Hamlet project is finally coming together! Can't wait to perform it tomorrow and be done with hamlet! FuTuRe MrS
We were just sitting in the bathroom floor for a project! We're not creepers! XD
Still working on our new web-site www.vcassociates.org
The proof is in the pudding. Homes under $150,000 are selling like hot cakes.
well, he totally doesn't oppose gay marriage/rights, but I do think he could be doing more to express these views, no?
should show how we party in the D tonite! Cuz a Detroit party dont stop!
Sweet! RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single. Pretty Little Thing on our website now! www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
If not Mitt Romney, who? 1) he has the best ground organization 2) he can raise money better than any other candidates
Blow us away.": I just wanna know if I can sing to y'all tonight"
eating meat on ash wednesday and hanging up on deaf people...not a good start to lent
CityDirect is my favorite
aw! cute puppy! :)
Haven't been on here in a very long timee :o
You can now contact us via snail mail! Deadly Dames Burlesque, P.O. Box 17765, Rochester, NY 14617-7765.
Virginia THATCampers: how about #thatcampva12 as the hashtag of record?
Austin Mahone is our hero. <3
Thank you so much for the great article. It is exactly the opportunity we have been looking for!
Lol. I am! Chem classes. All day, everyday. Haha.
#iPartyWithVictorious is awesome so far
love #catlantic. Brilliant. Now where are more videos of boxing cats?
Love the drama! Wish I could have been there. Am looking fwd to ur rpt about the Greece School Board meeting. Thanks!
you just focus on the bad things more than the good things.
haha who knows that Tillie is? And yeah it was fun..nice view with the birds
I am at home, discharged from the hospital. I am happy & I know tht the doc & nurses r very happy. I dont let them give me the okey-doke
I just read the review...it's not entirely negative--he mentioned what he liked and did not abt the movie. Well-written review.
Did a 12 mile run for New Years Eve. So cold my GU Gel was GU Ice. Perfect way to ring in 2011! Ready for #RnRAZ You ready?
Our brightest blazes are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks .
Earlier in the game the bulls weren't getting calls by the refs tho
In case of freeze warnings (yes, even in Arizona), be sure to run the pool pump all night to prevent the pool pipes from freezing.
fearless and fierce, doll.......
playing slide whistle...fun :)
Congrats to DJ Spider on winning the rb3style … tiiiiiite
They broke one of ours
I'm making it my mission over the next few weeks to watch all of SyFy's original movies.
Our summer hours have started! We are now open on Tuesdays from 12-5, Wednesday-Saturday 12-8 and Sunday 12-5!
u should be!!“: is crushing it right now! If I was in Vegas I would be "all in" on Red right now! #1000ptclub"
"A striking characteristic of a successful person is the ability to determine the relative importance of different things."
yes. As of now, the noertwest part
I need food...
My bestfriend woke me up, so I could get ready, and go to her doctors appointment. >.<
#TebowGotTradedFor sending all overstock Tebow Broncos jerseys to Africa.
I have a lazy ass boyfriend niggas knocked Out on my couch
when u smile it makes me smile,when u laugh it makes me laugh. How come whatever you do,it makes me wanna be with you
killed me with the sombrero and poncho yesterday. I was never a big fan of yours, but I am converted. U are amazing.
Rock dis twitter :)
hey can you follow my new account please ~^^
God is good!!!
"Luke, Obi Wan never told you what happened to your tequila...I drank your tequila"
Larosas on the way abt to smash ain't had it in a min
We want to thank for checking out Coop's during his trip to SD for his Club Paradise Tour!
All I really want is you down on me..
I had an awesome time at today's Super Saturday here in Bakersfield, got to meet SVP Jeff Hill and , #endthetrend !!
“: I think that work and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.”
Come see the show n tell friends : Hardcore singing flash mob on this cortland bus right now.
Self worth, self love and self respect.... Have a blissful day
Love the idea of curators being more open about their decision or curatorial process.
Wilshire and Robertson in Beverly Hills! :)
#Confession I don't care abt players or fans. The is like a giant cock that jizzes money into my bank account.
I swear I'm hilarious. Going back to reading now. (:
Tom cruise can be my lawer any day...
Is interested in learning more about aquaponic farming
Oh wow. That was a surprise. Congrats to #MerylStreep!
What is with all the smoke in the air? Can't be healthy.
Refreshing twitter pg just to see if she tweets you back or RT's you...... #itsavictorianthing :{D Happy Early Bday Vic!!
“What you see is kinda what you get with me. I'm a very real person, or I hope to be, anyway. I don't have nothing to hide.”
laceyyyyy i mishhh youu :( come back into my life please thanks.
Lonely hearts club? Count me in.
oh ok well me my second favorite MB member is between ray and roc like idk whos to choose for my second lolz
Im back beeeeotches!
Please join us in congratulating our two finalists in the #NYintern Project: and !
I caught myself saying "crazy-ass" 5 times yesterday and realized I caught it from too funny!
Christopher Hitchens died. Wonder if he thought about what he'd say if there's a God on the other side. Probably it would be good.
Thanks, Jess. Too bad the temps in the 80s went away this week. Oh well, we'll make the best of it.
purely strategic. just too many characters
Ah the simple pleasures of warm weather. Used the BBQ tonight for dinner.
I'm glad you enjoyed!
Diamonds are forever, she my bitch forever
Shout out to and its founder Heidi Gottlieb. Heidi - can't wait to see you at the Race!
PDI conference in DC. Interesting discussion from consulting firms about associates rating partners. Good idea for law firms?
Goodbye everybody! (;
Thank you! RT :
thanks for letting me know. new link www.myfreegenealogy.com
Your sexy, I'm sexy, So what's up ? *Raises eyebrow"
#I hate
Shouldn't have ate that crappy batter.
Video stream!??! I'm excited!
and I was wrong...
Thanks for the RT!
I feel your pain! :-(
I'm really starting to dislike Instagram just cause its an additional click and load for all these pictures I just wanna click and see
I am What I am With saying that I wouldn't be ME!!!
We can't wait to welcome you! RT : RT : I'm so excited about bringing my church and my family to
Thanks for the shout-out! Hope Monday is treating you well!
lol yeah and let me know if anything
Let's go rain. Bring it!
your absolutely right. Absolutely.
I cat stop eating cereal x
rt “: Has anyone ever seen Guy Fieri and Chaz Bono in a room together?”
Just learned about ... crave ... want
I hate cheaters!!!!
no I'm fat
It's Been Lovely But I Have To Scream Now"
#nw Hobo With a Shotgun
Supreme Court race vote canvass should be finished today. Then what?
Perusing Frank menu in ATX, dog choices include python, antelope, wild boar.
sort of amazed how much I got done waiting for cable install. Productive morning. except for superglue mishap.
slap me through the internet? ..ouch. ;)
glad to hear that! On my way back - to work. Some afternoon editing at #WSJ. Have a good post- #nicar12 day.
officially cool. Tell him to boo for all of us.
I read the entire interview on different website I don't get the impression he was going after fans, it's was just frustration
I know. I am beyond energized!!! It's so overwhelming.
RT : Before there was a 'church' there was a family. Protect your family at all costs
I love your voice. It's absolutely perfect. Ok!!!
Sometimes, the right thing for you, may not be right for someone else. Do whats best for you, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
#Boston Celtics & Red sox Win. The #NY Knicks lose. Brought to you by Paul Revere who took the ride in Boston not NY. via
Great! Let us know what you think and if you have any questions!
I'm determined to finish 2011 STRONG and start 2012 even STRONGER.
that happened once in my house dude. Except it was by brother that flicked it and it landed on my hand while I was texting!!
Just got to the crib
constantly check your phone in the minutes/hours/days following, hoping to hear something, are crushed when you don't get a call,
I would assume so considering they've performed it more times and have worked out any kinks
Friday you better have the whole mixtape on there and next Friday you better have #MindsetOfAGentleman in there
its too early for you to be rushing me
Why is Correia still pitching?
I need my mom to do a hot stone massage on me asap.
#futureprofessionals Transcripts frm high school/college R but small part of U. Build UR own. Start early. Take pride in service & kindness
I'll be there.
When they play a song on the radio to much <<<
Guess who unfollowed me!
You got him? yeah. It's on my chin. LMAO
4th of July at laughing Buddha! come in and get some sick ink and poking done. we have new jewelry in.....x
please follow me =) please please ♥
in light of the sony playstation breach, it's good that intellivision was in the yeager household. oh yes. it was. what? atari? no way
It's cause she got Punk'd... For the second time xD
I wanna walk and not run,I wanna skip and not fall <3
I want to know how the fuck I gained 10 pounds.
RT : If you're in Phoenix, tune into 91.5 FM right now to hear an interview with Arizona's on
Nialler! #1DUpAllNight is the single most best album ever!!! Bought mine! I promise! xx
We all know its raining!
when you goin to start workin on a new album????????????
": haha thanks man. I plan on getting more" ........ I'm getting more work done on my arm soon too
Your listeners they can award turds and/or blossoms to San Diego candidates today by tweeting at us.
Ever been so tired you can't sleep?
Never Again will I be beneath and not above. Deut.28:13.
Never bored not bout that life
Happy holidays everyone!
Bill I am in JBP and I am in Zeekrewards/Zeekler and Banners Broker. I just can't handle another thing right now :)
Netflix movie suggestions? Exam
oh yea a couple but imma have to tune you up when i get back you talkin to spicy online
I'm an out-of-work journalist and after seeing that PSU press conference, it looks like I'll be for some time. Such talent!
good morning daddy craig :D hope you have a splendid day !!
HR is sales. Well that changes my to-do list.
My prayers go out to da familys of da officers killed n wounded in new Hampshire
Man... I can't stand these long weekend phone calls with
My hair EXTRA nappy today 😜😳😁
Let's go Cards! Send the evil empire back to Lexington!
i give u a "A" for effort!! Lol
I am around the corner.
Wow what a day:]:*
House show this coming Monday! second place victory, no less than victory, & come support these awesome bands
You Don't Know How MuchIt Would Mean To Me If You Followed Me... Cuz Obviously I LIVE For You (; <333
Why Not Zero Why de continue to dump millions of gallons of chemicals down the drains
Just wanted to let everyone know that the pool party has been cancelled.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
Everybody outside and it's cold ... wtf man
Lol! Thank you?(:
NYT's NYE fest of land/water stories: "Organic" ag in Mex, fracking in SAf, expanding Iowa farms, and geese a go-go. Too many links to share
Froze my ass off on the court today. #Whoopie?
hi there my name is juanito c:
Kids needed to use the phone.
William Fitzsimmons station on Pandora. Yes, please.
Musica de Fiesta
College of St Rose shifts institutional culture around Scholarship of teaching & learning
I'm sorry - the voice mail: "Gosh! I ran into you on LinkedIn & and I'd really like a chance to talk to you..." does not get you a call.
Hi guys! I'm here in denver with my family I'm so bored. Just kidding!
HOLY CRAP ?! YOU LIVE IN NC TO ?!
the tough-guy 'this is what we do!' must be what got Ms. Kardashian?
“: USC also leads the NFL in current horrible QBs.”
was it good food? xD
yep. she also said that Tom is doing well and Katie was crying for no reason which is typical.
Haha, truer words have never been spoken.
maybe she just escaped from the trunk ala Jack Bauer
unfortunately it's not that simple. Size is an indicator but could be the opposite of what we think.
Hey! I need to start getting on here more!
We hope to see you then!
The phone call was coming from inside the box!
it's been a helluva week!
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them
A Big Bag Of Chips && And Then You Open Half Of It Is Air And A Lil Of Chips
#youmightbeanautismparentif Little Man put his shirt on right! He didn't put it on backwards he put the big picture in back! So proud!
Procrastinate tomorrow.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Thanks for the introduction!
Officially one month until my 21st.
RT Surprising: #Restaurant industry #employment will reach 12.9 million this year, which is 10% of total U.S. #workforce:
font-weight:100 : Levi's 510 font-weight:200 : Levi's 511 font-weight:normal : Levi's 514
hello IATM! RT Looking for a romantic free night's stay in #Seattle? Just hit us with an @ reply and you're entered to win!
Divertiti in Florida!! Vai a vedere i Blue Men Group?
MPD: 12 Occupy Mpls Protesters were arrested after they delayed an ambulance from making its run. More info coming up at 8:03 on WCCO Radio.
Never question god's attendance. His timing is perfect..
Cant go to sleep >_<
COyotes eat other mammalian poo, then whine about it (together) under full moon. #Nocturnal Natural fact.
First time I have actually had to do homework in a while
When you feel at the very morning something will go wrong today <
You ready, sir???
What?! She was there? I wanna see! She's so beautiful:-)
No it is not wrong.
I am so anxious right now I could just beat someone with my sobe bottle. I never want to be at the mall on saturday again.
March 3rd we're playing at Bounce in Cleveland. Come and show your support. Proceeds go to scholarships for Cleveland State University!
So someone around me smells...terrible. They need to get away form me like, now.
Studies say online students drop out for lack of "social" aspect. Happy to show you TechChange's model if you're interested.
studying a rant for my acting class!!! Sounds like fun!
beach. beach. beach
oh my dad just knocked all of my stuff over c o o l
yuk, I don't miss the sleet and freezing rain on the east coast. I like fluffy dry snow, much better to ski
Please Enter you label into my Free Label Contest. Send the label to if you want to join.
O. The late spring issue. Jealous.
heard you're in Indy! Is that true?
we have to take it for what its worth, learn and keep it moving!
watching all of the performances from ABDC, (: i remember each one of their performances an learned one them too! (:
the only thing i am missing right now is a leaf blower...
Why are people dogging on Obama for doing a slow jam on jimmy fallon? Fucking grow up people! He's human too.
thanks for checking it out!
": hey honey!! ok we all have got to plan a trip somewhere asap! I feel lame! Lol" I'm in ,no turn back ;-)
YES. also: i watched the avengers right before. I may not be sleeping until sunday :)
When you start to miss someone thats bestfriends with your ex..
I feel like right now... Let a Mf wake me up... gon catch a street fighter uppercut...
OMG Mary Prantil sued the NYPD, ha ha hey baby birds get a load of this Mary lady, OMG
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer
it's kool!!
Loves like a hurricane, I am a tree; bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy
I hate my eyebrows, because I have such as the wolfman!
she clean your hram?
YAY for rain at New Trails. That should mean new hay soon :)
Things are getting VERY interesting in Los Angeles. 94-87 Denver, 3 minutes left. Lakers were down BIG, fighting back. Tune into TNT.
Headed to Palm Beach Atlantic today. #Fundraising for meal packaging event with students.
you do have a way with words <3
The #dodgers paid $5.25 million to tell #billshaikin to eff off.
Happy #Thanksgiving everyone, hoping you have a wonderful day!
nope but the guy in the corner hunched over his laptop, suffocating himself on a broccoli n cheddar bread bowl was.
I seriously might want to get to sleep now but I wouldn't be surprised if I woke up in the middle of the night again and started tweeting
you're watching that too?! Sometimes when I watch CNN, I feel like I'm alone in the universe...
- A whole class on 'zombies in media'? Awesome!!! covered by
So lonely in the bus
Big weekend for my bff :) Good luck!!
Working on E-rate comments for the FCC and melting in 100 degree heat
sorry! i have been so busy at my gmas and she didnt have internet
Praying that im one of the 400 mahomie to get to meet and greet in new york!!
But will we sleep once I tell you what's hurting me..?
of course!
50 straight down the drain
oh that's just me ☺
Where are the photos? Ive been looking for them! Whats the link
love it! Happy birthday long lost friend! Xoxo
Thinking about buying a fish tank with Graduation money haha
I'm pretty sure most of my followers are bands which is pretty cool :)
Welcome to Twitter!
The old man next to me at a show just said "nudge me if I fall asleep." and the usher has two dogs with him- gizzy and mo.
World News America on PBS tonight from Calgary. #AlbertaOilSands, the vibrant Mayor of Calgary and the Vancouver film industry.
at the Dahlia woods gallery opening! Just met THE Magazine! awesome turnout. :)
Coachella buddy! 3rd time's a charm
driving on waller , just saw a car called the KIA Rondo?lol
More and more women are joining forces and helping each other daily on kissandim.com!!!!
wonderful! Was thinkin bout u today. No lie! How have u n your sweet melodies been!?
I came to the conclusion that I'm probably not good enough for you. I'm sorry.
Yo Hance, come visit us in Cali and we'll all go roller skating!! :D
« my mood just went downhill -_-»
a Canadian kid at Chicago airport with Canadian hockey bottoms and a shirt saying plan b is free in Canada haha
#BuildABetterWorld. Now I understand the future episode and their daughter.
Listen to the Indiana Jones main theme song. I dare you not to smile and feel better :)
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any
I'm about to hop on TWATTERR.
and I would be stacking cash
76% off a massage at Solutions Modern Massage. Retweet if you could use a massage!
BRONCOS!!! I need to say no more!!!
Save up to 25% on shirts + free shipping on orders of $55 or more with code HOLLYSHIP
We've been broken up for 10 months. Get over it!
whenever i try to make a status about you, you go offline. gah
Ok see you then. You gonna run over here from Boyle Heights?
Get ready for the summer... Just sayin'...
It's so weird not having black hair anymore! I love this color!
I really think that I finished this semester well, especially considering how much work I had at the end of it, now finals & then I am done.
what's #'s lookin like on a show
PLEASE FOLLOW AND US! WERE HUGE 1D AMERICAN FANS!
The beach is my soul.
Shit, I started watching Field of Dreams a little while ago and I'm crying already and the hair on the back of my head is standing up.
RT : Tomorrow is Buy Israeli Goods (BIG) Day, so stop somewhere and pick up something for Shabbat to support
If you are proactive about building relationships within your industry, you will have a much greater opportunity for success.
if that was ANOTHER grand slam, i would need a new tv come tomorrow.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
the coldest producer on da planet
“If we talk w/ Pres. Obama, & we don’t have proof, then it’s only words. That’s why we take pics-to show what’s happening” -Rainer,
It's a toss up for me, #FlipBoard vs. Evernote. When are you supporting #cmis repositories for #evernote?
Did I see right that you are directing for HTR?
#SadMomentWhen isn't following you... & probably won't.. <//3 -cries-
aw that's cool :) and I died mine dark brown :D
Heck of a Wimbledon semi....can an American reclaim the grass? Love Fed, but go Andy!
AAAAHHHH!!!!! it's done!!!! holy holy crapoly it's done!!! What is it?
Such a beautiful day out!!
This ap project sucks oh well
Depressed today :/
P.S. Hope you have a very Happy Mother's Day! Evan is one lucky boy to have such a caring & wonderful Mama! <3
My parking is still a little shaky 😭
See all these heartless and ass hole like people in the world? The people who fucked them over so hard made them became like this.
Powers back on <3
As one who has seen all of her TV movies, I don't think she will have the opportunity to bring the drama in this.
My jazz combo is playing "Mother's Day Jazz Brunch" at Sawyer House of Yakima May 8th. Sparking Wines, Mimosas, Kana wine, yum! $35/15 11-2
Teaching a coaches clinic today! This is one of my favorite seminars to teach - helping coaches be better instructors and mentors!
My pregnant friend is cracking me up! "Just cut the cake! Stop the speeches!" She didn't say that at her wedding!
Guy at stop light blasting radio at spinal tap 11 levels: skims stations stops at Runaway Train* YES! sings along* Me: in tears* (cont)
Thanks for the follow. Have heard wonderful things about your place. Need to visit sometime
will miss sending you the the f and g teases. but I know you'll be awesome at night!
Studio for the next 2 days in Baltimore, MD!
I don't think u have to affirm everyone. If you have to fire someone they will never hear your affirmation.
Aw thank you! I really appreciate that! <3
congrats on representing team USA!
whenever you ready to get beat
SUMMER! Please hurry up!
Just posted two photos circa 1900 of Victorian homes on Valentine Lane, Yonkers, NY (also see what's there today) www.VictorianSource.com
Coney island today! see if i can get some good shots!
Galleria Park hotel is lovely. Although I hope the next time around it'll be us they'll book with :). Enjoy your time in SF!
Don't confuse my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.
The #Browns will get a really good player at 22. Lots of good players still up there.
Anything other than this moment is only on our mind.
hey love
Using the jesus power for grades!
Be omw to work soon
lol......... Oh well. Hey when r u taking me n to target!
OH MY GAWD. becky look at her buuttt.
woo:D
Ya cause it's my fav song silly.
No prob. ": thanks for the follow back"
Ah… so are you around now? We should put something on the calendar for the coming weeks.
If you don't know about re run then you ain't livin
Nice! RT Hazy Nights In The Heights - , while I do some editing.
and if I remember correctly, the one "penalty" at the Emirates was the Bale dive, right?
what time you going over there?
"Responsible" is overrated. You are LIVING. I admire you for it.
Thanks for the retweet!
... because circuit breakers get tripped. And they serve the same function as fuses. So that was a joke. Sorta.
Omg...should have
Thanks. Not a problem. Thanks for reaching out.
I have a boat load of school work due Thursday and Friday. Challenge denied.
thanks! Modeled in Rhino beta for Mac.
lol y you feel sorry for them hahahahaha some can work it out
Libraries naturally absorb all ignorance and intolerance upon entrance. These buildings should be protected by all.
Maybe it's just that it's late...but the phrase "first introduced" seems unnecessarily redundant...
is that sarcasm
wanted to offer some friendly support.....having been there even some of with the co-called 'adults' I know.
so. about this concert. just wondering what's going on. i paid for my ticket...
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5-Wed June 9 Open til 2am! Study Study Study!
Uploading new album to TuneCore to distribute online....January 1st 2012!!
And may I just say: I'm digging the 30s/40s station on Spotify like a fucking grave.
Thank you! :)
