Next live show in 2 weeks: May 4th at ! Arnold's is ALWAYS crazy when the brass come in!
We've been too busy to tweet thanks to you all! Nice to see actors getting busy and needing headshots! DM for your Twitter discount code.
I'm learning from men/women but trusting from the Father.
Hey if you wanna stop sucking ass watch dustin brown play puck. He actually gives a shit about his career
is performing for Creative Summer Camp tomorrow! We hope that our dynamic programming inspires our young audience to dance and choreograph.
What's a chicken oyster? I'm imaging something from Dr. Seuss ... with gravy.
Babysat little Travin tonight! He was so adorable!:)
I needs somebody to go to Epic Burger with me. I've never been.
Im done listening Mrs.Collett
You're at Cavallo Point! Beautiful place.
Having a dog makes you a better person. I would never have gone out in that cold just now if it weren't for Baloo. I am numb but it's ok.
Jump online & you can get it done pretty quickly.
Thanks for the retweets, Marina.
what lunch do you have tomorrow?
Trust me buddy the only thing that bodykit on your grand am is getting you is laughs
Skip, I would like to debate you this year. How can we make this happen? I'm not a celebrity, but I respect your work.
I cannot go to sleep : (
I wish everyone in the world shared my aversion to conducting phone calls within earshot of others. Please step outside.
not only not a good fit, but why goto a perineal loser?
What are those beaming lights in your photo? UFOs?
Child abuse correlates with lifelong physical and mental problems.
dont ask questions you already know the answer to dawgg
Sometimes, sometimes you gotta bomb out the women's room.
you cheater! I saw something six flags that reminded me of you. A caritcature of the black guy from the lucky charms com.(:
Jacqueline Budin - At the Heart of Responsibility - Passion for Learning to be Responsible to Yourself, ur Community and d World
it's random but wyoming just popped in my head I don't know why.
I am da hulk.
poor waitress didnt know what to do!! I'm glad she was concerned though after I said ”I dont want that!!”
Is the super bowl the one event where DVR is not the preferred way to watch it bc you want to see the commercials?
how's "Consolidation and Virtualization Demystified"?
First time having candlelight wings,wow
.....6 and a half months and counting.......and a life time to come...
Frank Haith not a top 2 coach in the Big 12 this year? What a joke!
DIW ADULT CLASS TONIGHT IS : SALSA , BEGINNER & INTERMIDIATE DROP IN CLASSES ONLY $15 ASK ABOUT OUR CLASS CARDS
LOL...um...yeah...well...I got nothing.
this is a complete change in music o.o
Winter is back in Chicago.
Thx for the tip. Trying now.
Morning guys
hey doll !! How yhuu been ??
Why would be block us?
Ah, you invested in Small World?
Social Media Coaching Special! Sign a contract with Charene Creative to design a new website, corporate brand logo or print marketing broch…
RT should be a losers bracket this year for the cup? Vancouver vs San Jose. Detroit vs Chicago. Pittsburgh vs Boston.
Damn, that's gotta be the best pulled pork I've ever had! Finger licking, lip smacking goodness on a bun! Whole Hog Cafe.
sorry I missed kick off party
Yea? But this place is nuts, so much to learn in so little time. Place hasnt even opened yet. Help? :(
"A bleeding groin does not sound good" - Kevin Harlan
Don't Forget About The New Cha Cha Cha Progressive Class At Just Dance Studio Tonight!
one opportunity, one moment
Things are very different now
This spam shit is really getting annoying !
MY LIFE IS FUCKED. I HAVE NO I POD WHICH MEANS NO LISTENING TO MGK . MY LIFE = OVER .
your welcome
Come to Saz's State house tomorrow and sing karaoke with your Milwaukee Admirals! 10 - close w/ Happy Hour pricing on beverages! The Finest
Shes a big one
that was a good one :)
We hope you all have a great Easter!! With that, what sort of ritual foods do some of you eat during your Easter celebration?
Hi jewels babe:-)
They say you can't leave turkeys out in the rain because they'll drown, well you also can't leave me alone with a bowl of french onion dip.
Agreed, go all in. It's like half coke, half diet coke. Just commit.
lol I'm already in minny
Fans really need to remember sports are cyclical. Pittsburgh had a decade of success. Sports Gods changin' things up.
RT : I told you it was a beautiful day. << Enjoying the "liquid sunshine!"
that was today and yes we believe he will be with him the rest of the time
Gorgeous morning
Got a great idea for a show
kitty still thinks aquarium is his private sushi bar. It's a good thing he is cute!
Even that thug you had on from Trump's office was embarrassed by your gushing over Ivanka, for walking a few blocks to work.
Sick drummer on Sick...
that's true, I am pretty unwilling to get up before 9am so delivery would be the best option.
And that should lock up my #kc +10.5.
Alot jokes in this-> I make a mean brussel sprouts & bacon dish. A winning dish. Serve w/white rice. no meat needed.
Where the smuts at? Lmao
Q: What does a blonde owl say? A: What, what? #RT if you get it.
So much for saving fuel!
You're not Jewish?
thank you Sam. Been gone a while. :)
. n n other tasty snacks will be stops. Fresh taps at the finish! Riders, start your training!
What will be the Erickson baby's name
Just gave the tired grade schooler next to me a fist pump of encouragement. Fair to say he thinks I'm insane.
why don't you cry about it.
but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o:
“I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.” ― Edgar Allan Poe
i hate school
" love , less of a church more of ... a family , a #house"
We should aspire to inspire before we expire!
Just tore Austin to pieces Omg they went crazy I love Austin!! Mohawk tonite gonna b crazy
I would actually love to be a personal chef
you'll never know if you never tried
who is can you make another link
My mom just told me I can't live with my head in the clouds I think living like that is amazing
#WheniFirstJoinedTwitter I only followed and had a Gaga DP and thought I was the scheisse
What's wrong with dudes? Like for real.
ok, inquiring minds have to know, what in the world is frito pie?
Well it's official, chivalry is dead!!!
you need to work here!
I'm going today. Low of 19º F tonight! I'm pumped.
love it
Dead?? RT : Lil Kim look like what michael jackson does now
Rt let's go
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work~Thomas Edison.
"Don't you inherit your parents death?"-
yeah just like you get a lot of requests for Blind Melon
Which city in Spain is she going to? She's in good hands, Mr Dirmeikis!
NYC and LA both exercise but NYC doesn't wear sweatpants out to eat.
Let's go Orioles. You don't hear that from me very often but right now they r my 2nd favorite team.
Yo #sharepoint tweeps! I'm about to start an adoption study for new org-wide MySites deployment. Any advice or examples? Come at me bros!
ALL CLEAR. Grandview is once again safe from harm's way.
Bloombergs approval rating just dropped 20 points.
You're welcome :) I really love your crafts ! RT : Thanks for #amy <3
yeah!! That's my girl!! Xoxo
Was just reminded how easy it is to look like spam on here. Especially when combining links and exclamation points.
I can't spill and I refuse to learn how.
Wanting someone you can't have.
im home :o
how's the bizz down there..getting ready for superbowl I assume...u gone be mad partying..
Retweet! Support the small businesses surrounded by #occupysd. Coffee cart, Johnny's they're all part of the 99.
Stephenville! Get ready to party. We're headed your way!! Bostocks Bar tonight!!
RT : #WhitneyHouston #Amywinehouse #Ettajames....... Guess God needed the perfect girl band in heaven. #RIP LADIES.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks, and likewise!
Was going to watch the 60 min show featuring but after hearing all about the negativity being portrayed as current, I think not!
I know! I may become a sleep-deprived grump for a few (nine!)months, but I think it will be worth it!
Lunch with the team Avenue. We are celebrating the release of 3 new modules! Very exciting!
I'm done, I'm done, you won't win this time.
I Got Cocaine In My Pain In My Nose You Know...(8) #Tirso'sSong
“: Go bulls!” <Chicago Bulls? Heck yeah!
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been...
and amazing job today ladies :) Hope you have a great afternoon!
Awesome specials for #FightforNOAH pub crawlers. @ blue moose on Washington! #crawfish!
on the RT, thanks for the light.
Chilly day? Fresh Thyme, hot water and a little honey makes a great tea and is good for respiratory conditions such as coughs and bronchitis
Flying back home to Nash today. I can't wait to get back!
Miss me a little when I'm gone
"No one knows you like you know yourself." False, I don't even know me.
Now I remember why I go to gym or the bar right after work...so I don't have to deal with the rush hour commute.
No worries, have a great week!
It's all good, everybody was a kobe fan at one point in their lives
Must remember that cute 2nd graders fill early morning bus to downtown Oakland first Friday of the month #wheredoistand?
true were gnna make a beast cake !
Thank you! :)
Go Grant Generals! Grant plays Tigard tonight, 7pm @ Lincoln in the second round of the State playoffs.
Numerous factors are at play. Do you have a specific case you are wondering about?
Do you know where this was originally published? I'd love to know. Thanks!
After watching Chael on Rome, he'd win smackoff w/o effort. Harden wont shake Metta's hand, scrubs on losing teams don't matter
Oh how I have missed you #mountain climbers & #burpees...thank you for starting my day off GREAT!
- yeah, I knew you wouldn't know my last name but hoped the picture would help. :)
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it. ~ Josh Billings
come over!
Going to the Roman Forum today. I know what happened to Julius Caesar was like a while back, but I still get nervous.
Nice offer of office furniture from our friends Thanks! We hope to be as generous to ourselves sometime in the future.
Hey guys, go to facebook.com/DeathbeatJam and like it! Do it! Por favor y gracias! :)
Twitter jail ? I think I'm on that ! FML lol
"And now I cooooommmmeee to yooouuu with open arrrmms"...man, Journey was HITTING!
#fngm starting ing t-30 mins! Faff vs Gee, the ultimate showdown.
#MedecoNexgenXT flexible access rights granted via remote authorization provided via cellular phone to key
The 60 degree weather made me realize I am nowhere near bikini ready
You can never go wrong with chick fil a.
I need Jesus
Hey Rich. Hanging in. Or just hanging. You?
#museweb This is great. It's exactly what I was thinking when we were talking about visitor curated exhibits. Adding it to my project plan!
dude i seriously love my bestie
What u gonna do? Drown in ur tears?
and I just witnessed 3 geniuses putting off fireworks on the rec fields. Five minutes later the police show up
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!! {:
Text me when you're here!
lol. Where is your location ma'am?
Just finished watchin BTR...they had yo write a song for the first time.
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs******
you do your homework,haha:-)
girls who smile with their eye brows up <
aw <3 thank you so much :)
Happy Hump Day! I hope the 2nd half of this week is more exciting than the first.. typically works out that way :-)
k..countin on ya
yes i am :) you can follow my personal :) i support them :D
WANT FREE BREADSTICKS?! suggest this page to your friends to receive free breadsticks today only! Only 72 "likes" away!!
RT : White Americans, what, nothing better to do? Why don't you kick yourself out? You're an immigrant too.
Happy Easter!
“: And, I'm from WI, live in Chicago now and Napa is my "happy place"
Jeez - pres of creative at EMI Music Publishing has never heard of Kickstarter
Eating dinner with the family talking about lol
"don't worry the spider is smaller than you." "yeah, so is a grenade"
I love how are icons were both token at the same place xD
Bed to myself!!! Babyface has left. I can get use to the shaved face.
facebook chat AND non-stop tweeting?...someone needs to get an orgo textbook stat before the internet self implodes
Trying to recall why I was following you.
Spring cleaning :)
I bet that will read my tweet!:)
I'm sorry, but there can't be any such thing as "good news" in the story about the hot chick with flesh-eating bacteria.
Haha, too funny! My cat won't even kill spiders...so hopefully I never see a mouse in my house, she sure won't help!
still home sick like a dog....arg...boo hooo =(
OMG. You said hot sticks. Care to put the "do" up with a rabbits foot bow?
Places I wanna go to : California, Miami Beach, Florida, Monte Carlo, Saint Tropez, Australia, Rome, London and Santorini :)
gotta get back to rehearsal. have a blessed weekend everyone.
congrats coach!
Thanks! RT Congrats to ! Baker’s Dozen: 13 Food Bloggers to Follow on Twitter
Whn we going to see it nesxt?
Work then weed then gym
RT - I'll show up again when loser Sparano is gone after the Jets loss in two weeks. Miami SUCKS.
If says ur cool that is super good enough for me! Welcome to the feed!
Mitch, I can't believe you even put A. on the list. That's ridiculous.
And here I was, envisioning you finding this in between the couch cushions or having it delivered by your ever-friendly cat.
me to baby:(
Kenyas weave is past the expiration date!
#oomf seems to always come to mind.
are u mad at me or what?
lol. You're still young tho. Enjoy the rest of your teenage years and think about guys later :)
Big L go so hard.
known of that video for probably 3 years now. Ask , we love it!!!
sounds like a future business opportunity! Kong retrieval specialists!
And I'll be in TX June 1-10. Yay : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28-June 2...Let' ...
definitely the grades. That is always what is stressed.
glad you loved the Y EXPO in San Antonio - we did too! If we follow u will u follow us back?
See you there Tara.
working the reference desk at #AFC until 11am. got any #folklife questions?
miss you guys!
remarkably good job - staying in neutral areas and using lots of change of subjects. that is a success indeed.
a bit delayed but thank you :)
that doesn't make sense( burgundy voice)
Digital Design Rocks
If jesus came back, i bet the US government would try to kill him, call him a crazy cult leader until he performs a miracle to prove himself
Just switch him on & off people.
Levin: Helping your children find their own voice
#IAlwaysWonderIf you think about me as much as i think about you.
The tongue is a small thing, but what enormous damage it can do. A tiny spark can set a great forest on fire -James 3:5
listening to recordings of my old radio show at boy has time flown by.
Wet Republic here we come. Its sizziling in Vegas, Come check us out
Thanks for the RTs
RT Definitions should address the foundation's work and be relevant to the communities and populations they serve
It's kind of amazing how fast I can fall.
All I could think to stock up on was mimosa fixins and mimolette.
I don't know about you, but I preordered 's book. I am looking forward to sitting in the sun, reading, reflecting. Thanks, Frank.
RT : #lovelovelove #soho. I've had some of my best brunches here!
LOL. DUNNO HOW TO ADD FOLKS. IS IT OUR GOOGLE EMAIL ACCOUNT. WHO THE HELL KNOWS!
You lied! wasn't in a bra : (
Motivate - When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are.
on the fuel type, you might want to specify premium or regular - premium can be up to 40 cents more per gallon, which will add up
Rule #12 - When it stops being fun, break something.
Damnit... this game has me a little stressed
I miss my red hair :(
the one with the samples...yes, they look great
The same females that talk like they're in love on Twitter be hoeing too hard in person. Like get off of my dick before I tweet ya nigga.
For example, we try to express appreciation for each other every day
door i want on with a gray trimming tho
Well said.
cool. have a great run... and yes, I need to channel my inner slow.
I hate 355. 294 is way better.
Hooray, say "hi" when you stop in.
I kno rite
Yeah...it was stressful. You know how High Strung I can get lol
If he loves me fat, and that fat gives me diabetes and hypertension - how is that love?
why can't you guys have a tour date some wear in Colorado or Wyoming??
Deno also probably see the 201-11 team going to the final 4 either, STFU.
Make right moves but never fall from doing you.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
Thank you my Linkedin friend. pfb
Hot DJ Action
When I up and leave Memphis again nobody's gonna even notice that I left this town in the dust...
I am really not impressed by them. Next Gen Science Standards seem poorly thought out.
^^ your welcome
Got a 9am, what I am still doing in the library
Wow, looks killer! Great work! Did you code it yourself?
Headed to Santa fe
Oh no! We went through the lost and found yesterday but didn't see a hat. Sorry.
I need to start volunteering again.
lmfao lets go play mini golf
This dude helping me paint this story we having coming to yall in June. Journey To
Think you meant "can't" and you're right. Guess the Sox believed it.
I must say, there may have been a bit of back-patting.
Miles and I would love that!
why not we get bullied by banks and WallStreet.
FU for planting the seed in my mind. Now all I can think of is getting a cheeseburger at Squirrel Cage.
thanks Luis. We should be putting up some more soon!
thank you <3 (:
River Park Branch Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4635 for more information.
Did I just see astro mess up on the live performance of #XFactor ? yup caught that one, not a good look...at least he kept going
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tonight from 6-6:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter! Each pic gets a chance to win it
awww I wish I could go :( but hopefully I get to meet you one day, could you please follow me :)
i'll will check it out; great suggestion! thanks muchly :)
nopee im American. :)
From a man who named his Twitter handle after Volk Han that means a lot. One of my favorites from VIRTUAL PRO WRESTLING 2.
Run up on you niggas like a runny nose I got the scrape in the backyard like a muddy hose point that gat in his face give him a bloody nose
My favorite summer salad - fresh mozzarella, local tomatoes, homegrown basil & balsamic vinegar
Make sure the promise your brand makes matches what it delivers.
Hard boiled eggs, naked green machine, kettle salt & vinegar, amy's mac & cheese, arizona green tea, and some vanilla frosing. Yea dinner
Might be sleeping at my babes tonight <3
That is a true shame. Poor babies.
alot of things
Thinking of cutting the little mustache that I have for graduation.
6 miles, 54 minutes personal best. Is it to early to start dreaming of running marathon?
seems to be a better way to get Skype than the website… maybe I'm doing something wrong?
April 12th #TwitterThursdays begin inside Endless Music be there...
Wished radio and tv would announce/display how much time left until halftime was over
Apple needs to hurry up and post when they're gonna come out with it...ferr real!
Doesn't mean I can't like some of them for who I think they are or what they stand for as people outside their jobs.
NEW SONG tonight! Check it out spread the word: Facebook.com/currentsfl
girls jus say u dont wanna chill if u dont want to #stopbeating around da bush
You doing better.
that's amazing, congrats!
keep telling yourself that...
ight hold on
Going car shopping this weekend. Any suggestions?
Yep! On the docket for the next week or so!
yes. What is your name? I wanna follow u
yea im commin
Thank you Mr. President! The same people fighting this issue tooth and nail, fought African American voting rights.
Because i would kill myself? Dumb question. RT : Mackena, Y U NO look in the mirror and shoot the first person you see?!
Sometimes You Have To distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If not, you know where you stand
Ellis (HSII Engineer): "In Melodyne, it's pretty normal for it to act strange regularly." Me: "Sounds like most of the girls I've dated."
psssst hey(; I cant wait for #believe ! I bet its gonna be AMAZING ;D ahh i wish u would notice me right now
took a friend to airport
im confused on your relationship with caitlin... like family friend? girlfriend? psycho fan? lmaooo.(:
Nowhere, unfortunately...just picking up.
ah my finest work yet!
Wait - more details please. Not much on their website. YouTube video demo? (please or please...)
#ttiaunity had a great time last night at the Unity Diner-very well put together!
Can anyone recommend an awesome Century Bike Ride?
lol hockey is awesome especially if your there...
Baby girl roll like a #BOSS :)
when someone accuses their 'other' of cheating.. 90% of the time it's because the one accusing is cheating or has cheated.
If #Colts win tonight, I will personally schedule your furnace tune-up for $39.95! That is more than 50% off the normal cost of $89.95
How's the moving going ? Are you ready for conversations every day at work?
That's really good!
I have that rule too but def breaking it for RT : forewent my no-zombies rule and started zone one.
the truth for any problems
Face was swollen last night <<<<<<<
#Greys Mark can't die.
uh huh!<3
Like it, but not sure Triangle can support 2 pro teams (as well as UNC, Duke, & NCSU) and MLS regularly draw 15k+
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
I want to start illustrating and making prints and stuff.
I do not speak French lol
huh? what happened?
Always be suspicious of tech consulting firms that only have female executives in HR or Marketing...unacceptable! There is usually a reason.
ding ding ding! Correct!
$2.75 MARBLE pints today....Drink up Albuquerque!
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I don't need to ruin the institution of marriage, that was done a LONG LONG time ago!
Schneble - Online, how do you catch who is sleeping?
I want some Olive Garden chicken alfredo.
its easy to share the truth you and Leduff are the best in the local area
and HE totally didn't see that coming!
Hey Ocho...stop tweeting and play some ball, you're not in Cincinnati anymore!!!
It's HAAM Benefit Day (Health Alliance for Austin Musicians)! I'm playing at J.Black's on 6th St. to support the cause, come on out! 8-10p
#2012 hopeful Mitt Romney in DC area this Thursday. Speaking at Bethesda North Marriott Hotel & Conference center @ 6:30 pm.
Sharing about your teaching/work needs to be directed in order to get intended responses, not just constant happenings.
I became Lifetime member today!!! "If it wasn't hard everyone wld do it. The hard is what makes it great." #nevergiveup EVER
Davey, you're my favorite kind of Monkee! RIP
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That talks non-stop.
Some bs if you ask me
A warning to people from Nigeria: If you get any emails from Washington asking for money, it's a scam. Don't fall for it
Great. Roz will be there starting on Thursday for a spell. Would love to see you.
Yum! RT : It’s Tapa Tuesday at our Nob Hill location. 3 tapas for the price of 2 After 6 pm. We’d love to see you.
my bus is freezing
Tebow can't pass at all
a guy I knew in college had a rotten tooth and he pulled it out with pliers.
Dan Mooney - Milwaukee actor on "Mad Men" tonight - nice job Dan!
Very Special Thanks to Ivan Messer for demonstrating his TIME featured, Florida home theater for us. Quality experience beyond description.
Your sapost to have your own image, Stop following and lead
he lives in sum place called New Rochell
I can't wait till I'm off, I need cuddles and a nap!
I h8 how they give us a lot of homework and expect us to do it on friday and saturday but really we do it l8 sunday nite.
Lots of buzz in the press today about our ultimate Father's Day package. Play football at Soldier Field with 17 of your friends
Blessings on the birthday of Mother Mary. Gratitude for all the gifts and blessings that She gives us.
Preparing for #entourage tonight? The Man's Soap opera.
RT : You will see more tweets than usual for me the next hour. I'm tweetin' into the #PRWebchat ! Come join us :)
please thank the fine folks at for keeping #BASHH free and chipping in for drink tix!!! :)
Aug edition of our Plectrum Artist Series will feat: Jason Labbe & Jeff Michaels band on CWB from 6-8p on unregularradio.com
Yeah, you guys are all right.
I tell ion gaf so why test my tolerance?
Judge Brown QC rules in Gledhill v. Bentley Designs case concerning lawful termination of agency agreement: [2010] EWHC B8 (Mercantile).
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
"I saw on Facebook that..."
Ah, you could always lean out and give it a shot- you never know
haha. You still the bro though. I DM'd you son lol
well and you?
hopefully everything turns out not soo badd .
who wears pajamas?
Thanks for the RT!
prom night was the best <3
Best not discussed on twitter.
Remember we serve Poulet Salad everyday. When you get the craving for a crisp salad, we take pride in serving them.
I'm going to start a Z100 "Moves Like Jagger" tally for the 4-6 hours a day I spend in the office. I expect it's into double digits by 2 pm.
same here
that's good! Thank you, and you too!
Don't fucking grab me by my wrist and pull on me. Stupid ass!
I'd say imma pro.
If you havin CoD problems i feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but some sleep aint one.
Hopefully soon bf. Im dilated now but my due date was for June 7th
#ThingsIHearEveryday stuff about you
Going to spend morning at his house
Home from another fun Drinking Skeptically. Good people and great conversation.
and now im luu_2112 ! :)
whoop whoop! So excited!
They should be "listening" to fans and learn how this years draft unfolded on Twitter. Lot of potential there.
Every time I sing at karaoke, all I can think of is and how amazing it would be if I could sing in front of them..
Jason .. Thanks for re-tweet. appreciate it
Jk, Tristan's my bff.
": I just finished reading and thoroughly enjoyed Senna's Where Did You Sleep Last Night?"#justread//me 2 bold honest memoir
“Fitness - if it came in a bottle, everybody would have a great body.” - Cher
That white boy is getting his ass beat, Today is definitely not his day
Shrink wrapped hunger teased at Costco.
I WON THE #reds vs #SFgiants GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Students enjoy data analysis process when software programs offer fun, interactive user interfaces
i still wish i could call her mine. yup.
What, you can totally just wing it. What could possibly go wrong? It's just oil...
These new songs are pretty good - not sure why they weren't included with the album, especially since it's only eight tracks
Right behind u
I've seen the bottom and the middle. I'm just trying to make it to the top.
I was mad today, this boy PULLED MY HAIR in class today. I WAS SO PISSED. He was like it wasn't me. Then later he saw me and said sorry. WTF
Don't it just break your heart.
yeah I know he doesn't dserve the followers and suscribers.
Adele killed it!
Great attendance at Ensuring World Class Readers Policy and Research Forum
You know New York, Unique New York, You know you need Unique New York..i still dont understand how you say this so fast? RT?(:
tweet-fury
Real shit Today my last day
lol I will be there saturday
“: RT : Watchin Con-Air⬅he's got the whole world in his hands”LMAO, he was awesome in that role!
oh ok then what up cousin Vet!! We need to have a family reunion to link all our lineage! Its so many of us I be lost!
I hate when they show someone on tv with captions at the bottom of the screen when what they're saying is totally understandable.
Fact 1: The Wiggles are actual people. Fact 2: They've got Aussie accents. Fact 3: Show needs subtitles. #Donthavekids&learningcurveissteep
This looking like a good weekend ...hangin wit my girls Friday afta work, clubbin wit my Joe Saturday ....I got a reason to party
Those in the Triangle: turn on a radio/TV or pull out your phone. Tornadic storm heading toward Durham/Raleigh.
thank god, i didn't want you to get raped or something
Random q: Do any of you restrict consumption based on where something is made? (i.e., made in USA, not made in China, depends on good...)
Seriously? Well, we'll just have to fix that :)
is it any worse or better than tofurky? I'm not sure. It just makes me think of Atwood's chick nubbins.
al STILL missing...oh
This is a great day in Miami!
they would want to!
Never take advice from a man named Jimbo.
thanks for the retweet -
Yay, it's my b-day 2day:)
Nap time before dinner & the concert!
not complaining!
Cole Hammels fined over 400k for drilling Bryce Harper?! The MLB better not go soft like the NFL
I like teasing people too much through text, by pretending I'm mad.. its hilarious that people still take me seriously and apologize LOL
Oh god, is kimye a thing?
` Ugh I Hate Being Sick !
Thank you! I heart soup. Would miss it.
This morning represents NEW - an original moment, a beginning of something, a first step in keeping with your hopes & desires - Choose it!
Tell me about the beaches there...
thanks Chip!
Looking for a BPA-free brand of canned goods. Does one exist?
Talk to MY best friend in private while I'm out here on vacation bitch please that shit can wait til I leave lol
we love future engineers. Help us dream bigger
Overheard in the workplace: I feel like dog ass. (No, I'm not the one who said it, smart ass.)
Ah man this is gonna b great did ya'll c DMX drink straight outta that Hennessy bottle oohhhwweee!!!!
I get to go back to the gym in the morning... I am so giddy. I have a new goal in mind.... Time to put work in. ( Thank You)
Movers are here now packing up the last of our things. So exciting!
may adjust extended benefit eligibility to maximize receipt of any federal extended #unemployment benefits cc:
this is Dee the this is the dude
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.
According to the Tulsa World, freshman Wes Lunt is the new Oklahoma State QB. Interesting decision by Gundy, but not surprising.
i am super excited to see Jeff Mangum at
n'aw don't thank me #wearefamily :D thank you and I've followed back!♥
#THERLES "When Keeping It Real Goes Right" Finish This!!!
Dammnn RT : Channing Tatum was a stripper when he was 18 years old.
Doing a 10-day cleanse with Whole Body Cleanse. I highly recommend this brand. Very gentle and great results. Now if I wasn't on deadline!
RT : The Journal needs volunteer writers for its Convention issue. Copy Deadline: 4-23. Email:
: preaching to the choir on that! Hey you guys ever news any gear or help out there let me know. I still have that insta ...
and that large print copy of voodoo river is out right now. LOL. As was the book that had gone out 192 times.
Ah!! Just got my first car!!! The Scion (xD) so fucken amazing!!! xD
of course the ! RT: Also - big game tonight for the 1st-place #Stars & #Caps. Who wins?
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of $99. North east fl 4074864387
So pleased to be working with to help create happy workplaces!
who am I kidding... Round two this weekend with ! :)))
She was on a mission, it looked like it could have hurt. lol
OMG THB I love all of you but some of you guys really have low self esteem. Like who cares who the boyz pick to go on stage with them
that's what we used. Oh well. Astronomy is hard, haha.
Whats up, lets go to church together #nohomo RT : u right and that's how I will find it
TWEET ME
I wonder what the people who really believe the world ends tomorrow are doing tonight
As the grace grows nearer my theology is growing strangely simple, and it begins and ends with Christ as the only Savior of the lost
We're excited to see people already posting their session ideas for #thatcamp Southeast!
remember when sleeping lessons was the song of the beginning of our friendship
Green Bay or bust.... Road trip or expensive vacation??
RT : Last Q! 6: Ideas for getting thru an anti-social media person if he’s never so much as created a LinkedIn profile?
listening to taylor swift woo
#SideChickBirthdayGifts <A pack of SYNTHETIC hair from the Beauty Supply
Haha yeah your lucky, she is awful. :/
If UK wasn't winning, he wouldn't have anything to write about.
I mainly ask Qs to understand their POV
Are you volunteering at the conference? Please join us for a volunteers meeting in the Chesapeake Room at 5pm.
Cleansing...getting ready for what's ahead.
Today my number G+ followers surpassed my Twitter followers.
Crushing on after discovering The Voice.
Happy mama day
Thanks--but I am looking for#edchat options for Spanish (only) speaking teachers of all subjects--rather than language teachers
hulk is the shit
someone has to keep a body on harden.. he is at 7 and is posing a huge threat tonight
BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY!!!! STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
Tees time!! Selling tees at the Fremont Sunday Market! And dancing!
Hope everyone enjoyed their weekend...Beginning tomorrow, all new lower donations and FOUR GRAM EIGHTHS ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!
oh yes! , lead me to that fabulousness overload! LOL!
Yea your the only person I know from outside of Florida that want us to win lol but i wanna see OKC win it in the West
do we need examples of one good/bad news release for tmw? and you still want AP style book tmw?
not really crazy bout either to be honest!!! 😳
BWAHAHAHA egg rolls>
He is in Lex, don't know the number, really good guy
What are the two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
PXP Reports First-Quarter Results: Delivers Strong Oil/Liquids Sales Volume ... - MarketWatch (press release)
nagamura could play Zusi's spot. Personally. I'd like to see Bunbury out there. He needs the touches.
Got 22 lbs of pulled pork vacuum packed and ready to go for your dining delight last night. Call 649-4139 for more info!
we are having a tent sale at the factory store next Wednesday 5/23 - Saturday 5/26
“: The best way to get back at someone who ignores you is to break into their home and eat all of their Doritos.” awesome!
Had a great night! Sometimes life just makes u happy:)
Unfortunately, he was in Nashville tonight.
I fucking love your new bio! ;)
I got you if you got me ha
Sometimes you cant let go of the past without facing it again.
so I just made one of these.. itd be pretty awesome if I got some followers tho <3
Talking about caramel. We have these delectable caramels, filled with dark chocolate & our espresso, from Becky's Blissful Bakery! Get one!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!! If your mom is NATURALLY BEAUTIFUL CLICK LIKE!!
spray paint profanities on their windows
Perhaps he's checking out your boobs.
What business closes at two o clock?
haha. the more the better for you :)
Lisa HOW CAN I TURN MY #SMALLBIZ IDEA INTO A REALITY?
i mean hey what wasnt there to love... lmao okay I sound like a nigga forreal
it's a morning creative discussion series we're going to host. lots of different topics over time. next week: web design!
yes girl story of my life!
fantastic! how do i tune in?
Drinking from the siphon this morning: Brazil Fazenda Rainha.
photo credit: Deanster1983Here’s a money saving tip that can only help you, if you are flexible enough to be able to use it
Got a Nascar fleet of thoughts racing about so here's to hoping my brain shuts off and sleep is imminent.
why yes. Yes I can so
I abhor snow during rush hour!
14 more days of school. lawd give me the strength.
I'm beginning to think of Michigan as a baseball school
The Urban Dictionary can be hilarious.
Of course! RT : Hope all you east coasters are watching the #xfactor LIVE now!!!
Praise Jesus!
In Lit Trips and Google Maps session
That's great! What's the hardest part of learning English for you?
Saw a pod of whales on my beach walk tonight! Amazing!
RT : Baruch College is CLOSED today, 2/26/10. Classes canceled due to snow. Monitor cuny.edu for info on other CUNY resources.
'sup girl? Longtime no see!
I cant wait to see you either!!!!!!! Im also excited!!! I love you to!! :)
Inbound Marketing University (IMU) is an internet marketing training and certification program for marketing professionals
For reals. Zero interest in book RT : I appreciate Kristen's passion for OTR (the novel) even if I dont share it in the least, lol
Catching up on the current season of Curb Your Enthusiasm thanks to Irene. "You're not acting coachy, you're acting first classy!"
thanks for following
Mom's logic: Throwing out things we need, keeping things we don't.
New phone.. So excited!
love u girl. Remember, I'm always here for yoy :)
Totally agree with you on that!
ya,i got a big old lump on my knee
We have plenty of lateral positions open in top NY law firms!!! Feel free to ask!
“: ha! RT : I am guessing this all happened because Osama forgot to turn off his Foursquare. #potus”
We can tango all day but I bet yu can't dance
'Game of Thrones' Recap: Throwing the Babies Out With the Bathwater
This is the scariest movie I've ever seen. #foreignfilms it's called "Rec" and I think I'm going to have a heart attack before it's over.
A followback from would be the second awesomest thing. The first?? That would be, meeting him;)
It's time to go, so put all your clothes on
it's intermission right now, I'm guessing 45 minutes?
I never knew the profound effect of "never have I ever" until I saw onstage last night at the Westside Comedy Theater
Thanks girl!!
KILL EM WITH KINDNESS
Looking forward to launching a new website in about a month called Hoopsynergy. More news later...
Yes! I agree...Love it!!! that they were presenting together , I don't know about the bootys,lol.
smh.. i swear can never be good enough for these damn females
Congrats for your work in Newark. #TrumpetAwards (pssst, you look good in person!)
Hockey rivalries are the best simply because the teams can beat each other's faces in.
happy birthday sir! I hope all is well.
we want to revolutionize how people display things online - web/mobile/tablets - we want your toys spinning because we love them
I hate I lost an hour of sleep today but am loving the extra hours of daylight!
did you want the bracket board? I can drop it off this week.
like trying to get at someone
true dat. Any more takers on class? Would look bad for me as committee chair-designate to skip & boot to the head instead.
Excellent Art History thesis presentations from my SAIC colleagues. Especially loved Celina's reference to the I-35 Snake Farm and Artpace!
RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
the good spot is the only place you want to be in nyc on mondays! so what are you waiting for....
THANK you so much! For stoping and taking pictures with us! Love you!!
Mana shield RT : Man, Diablo I is super hard. I've been playing for 30 minutes and haven't even defeated the login screen.
$$ tip of the day. When renovating, take refuse to City landfills instead of local dump. May be further but saves up to 40%!
Guys that talk shit after you dump them<<<
Finally saw who thought the Mahone look alike was... -_- smh Effie.
In order to get customers to care about your product, the business has to care first
thats the last time i buy plane tickets when im at work doing 50 other things at the same time. thanks for saving my butt travelocity.
I am sure it's the result of all your hard work and preparation. Don't undersell yourself. Preparation + Opportunity = Luck
like this is.. (ˆڡˆ)
happy times are no more, waiting for my love 2 come back, it is pain ive never exp. before, cant imagine life without her.
I probably will never follow through So this is the last time I'll be seeing you.
I need my tummy rubbed
Yeah, i guess after that you start looking backwards a couple more times before sitting...
Any junk food!!
My god people on my bus.....
Senior halloween part 2
Green Trade Mission to Brazil
CCD 2012-2013 swim suit calendar will be available at tomorrow's Toros game with calendar signing after! Only $5!
RT : can't wait for the first meetup of 2012!
Afternoon listening to Sally Wilfert and Michael Winther...they're so yummy together...and quite delicious served separately too!
Thanks for the RT! I'll respond to your FB message soon! :)
high school kids can def come as work crew - hit up for info on WC for
Finally on Twitter !! What up
Thanks to everyone who signed up for my #ConnectedCulture workshop tonight.
Sleeping in until 9:00 is great...
I am so happy that WON!
And, crazy to say, but it goes well with cheddar too (it's what we had ...)
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Las vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar Rain Reply for VIP Guestlist and bottle service
good thing all of my family has iPhones!
Omg!*·* I love christian, is my everything.
not my fault lol. I try to be nice to you.
Fucking hot bro
hoping to see you IRL in Houston @ TLA!
We can get back to you tomorrow for sure. We just need to make sure that everyone is good. We will talk about it at practice
Vet-Stem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals. Learn more & call your Vet!
Government Maritime Managers Forum submerged cultural heritage managers from BOEM, NPS, Navy, states.
account now works, if you have direct questions I can answer them through email visit-theadamouski.blogspot.com to obtain email
wassup my G
buy some "mio" flavor and keep it in your purse. Who says water can't be awesome? I like orange-tangerine.
how much tripe today about sluggish job numbers, 120k+ sounds like forward motion. My boss is hiring too.
Every battle in life is 20% physical, 80% mental. Want, Will, Win.
Can someone explain to me why quirky/nerdy/awkward is so desirable now? Is it still 'ironic' when it's commonplace?
On a more positive note, the Killer B's(3-0) allowed MURFC to break even.
Could not wait for tonights episode! :) #superfan right here! I love #DogTheBountyHunter and the whole Chapman clan! <33
GoOD MoRNiNG FELLAS 😁
Just some good snot rockets by Wolf at the end of one, hope his nasal cavity is clear for two...
Great event tonight welcoming KGTV's Virginia Chat to SD! It was also nice chatting with outside of City Hall.
would love to hear your thoughts on promotion and is happy to share what's been working for us
I get 2-3 calls from cruise lines every single day. I need to change my number.
Q&A with George Dohrmann
4 receptions for 34 yards and 1 carry for 5 yards. And he had a terrible attitude during the game.
If you are a librarian from Australia, introduce yourself.
yes! Give em a try...so good!
What actions can you take today (NOW!) to increase profits in your business?
Privileged to feature you Dan!
nice! I'll make sure you get a million press releases from the library :P
hey yeh thanks for telling her she hit me up
who do you think you are? Im on a roll here!
Good, And u?
Watching Anaconda with Viggle Sun | 8:20PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You are a perfect example as to why abortion should be tolerated!
you like that place
is bi-winning the hottie ratings on the site www.wherethehottiesat.com
Sex hasn’t always been associated with sin and guilt. Pre-Christian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
Blondes or brunettes?
yeee boy u kno every1nce in a while u gotta slap some sence into dem hoes
I know you're reading all of our tweets & you're ignoring them but trust me! it will come a day you'll fall apart! I know that
Back into the woods. Week one of shooting, check!
Cool voter file uses: microtargeting, voter registration, tele-town halls, online ad targeting (via cookies and IP), poll locations, ID-ing
The presence of God is uniquely Realized and the Power of God is dramatically Released when God's people unite in prayer.-Pastor Tom Walker
Me too! RT : I love my #slp profession. So many are so sharing and generous!
We're carrying over the celebration tonight.
florence welsh is singing me to sleep. she was sent from heaven above I just know it.
I AGREE!
nerves please slow down before you give me a heartattack....k? thanks! xoxo
We purchase properties in South Florida.
#thingsihatetodo Gotta organize my music collection...blah...
Thanks to the AT&T commercial, i really want to do a flash mob.
Game 2 Blues vs Kings. we're down with the Kings tonight. Quick is amazing, and can't go wrong with Dustin Brown.
Now taking recommendations for iPad cases.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen. Ernest Hemingway
Dear Spammers, I hate Walmart, so any spam you send my way will be soundly ignored.
jeezy creezy! Well, thank goodness it's over! *hugs and high fives*
Mercy; Kanye west!
Vibrations heal. Send some delicious vibes to someone who could use it.
RT : I think blogs r 2 art as art is 2 life. Makes it relatable 2 ppl in new way by new perspect, provke new thought
RT reading all your old tweets is making me lol at my desk.
My mom was talking about Justin saying he's gay and i was like "You have him and One Direction confused." She didnt say anything after that.
You're HAAWWWT ! like Dayum c;
Chef Eric fishing aboard the Vixen today for #Hawaii's Let's Go Fishing show. Wonder what's for dinner tonight chef?
Anais Nin~ We dont see things as they are we see things as we are.
It is! What's up with you? RT : great day for the fest, eh
rehearsing and preparing for one more show this season in Clarksburg WV Sept 4 Sat @ 3:15 Main stage! Enjoy!
idk. It's Texas, the weather sucks, so...
guess it means I'm cool :)
fantastic gathering last night 't wait for the book discussion on Drive tonight. icfgr.com for details
without me??? must not be a party!! lol j/k say hey for me ;)) <333
are u in orlando yet?
What is Bill's relationship to Mele-Mele buried in the front yard?
Totally! RT:: This #occupyklout is HILARIOUS
No Internet at work makes life tough for a social media guy. Too bad Facebook app for Android is worse than shingles.
What does, "im out pull up at da sets" mean????
thats a lie
They need to re-release titanic in 4D where they flood the theater and turn on the air conditioners for the full effect.
i wish you joy & happiness.
Finna go to my game CHAMPIONSHIP!!!!!
What's that I see there? Could it be?!
They still make music vids? :-)
My dearest Ms. Coaston…
Wrapped up the first ever ED&S meeting! Thanks for making this a priority for this Council & for a good 1st mtg
Thanks Derek!
I'll tweet it now - thanks for letting me know about it.
If you rather settle for less, then don't complain about how you deserve more...
Y U NO GIVE ME HUG
Trying to find a good dj and also a sound guy to bring to my shows with me. It def woulda helped if one of my boys picked it up as a hobby
Colombia's president condemns today's bomb blasts in Bogota.
just you wait. The shower scene..there are no words.
One of the ways the DH community can learn from comprhet: looking at assessment strategies (via )
Needing to get rid of some old electronics? Check with your local #recycling plant about drop-off options.
Those are nose bleed seats for sure....because the ball may literally hit you in the nose and cause a nose bleed!!
Marquette Golden Eagles Mens Basketball vs. Louisville Cardinals Mens Basketball at 2:30 p.m. at the Bradley Center.
Happy Saturday to you too!
The twins guys in this movie are so hot
Penultimate showing of our pilot, Seizure No. 1, at the Fringe Festival on Friday @ 6:15. Going to be so much fun -- please come join us!
I still can't figure out why #TopChef Texas is now located in Vancouver Canada?..Can take a stab at this?
Tweeting about traffic on my account. Come on by!
because you get good food and I'm going to look cute!!
When you miss someone, it's always the worst when you can't help but wonder if they miss you too. And if it's harder for them or for you..
I'm looking at the Indiana Driver's Manual...there's a sign for a Buggy Warning.
Runs out on a relashionship, without trying to work things out
Thanks, Jarrad. Hope you're following Dave Brock; he's an Amazing man!
yes I am.... And yes we can
hit me up need to holla @ u
Wow..I am being inducted into Les Dames d'Escoffier in May! What an honor. I'm sort of speechless (for once!)
u drive me crazy*·*' Follow me on keek: elizabethcb
20% off all #Hortilux & #Digilux #HID lamps all January.
As a rookie reporter I recall Chief Ross taking the time to explain things in necessary detail. RIP, sir.
Finally completed my flight across the "wee" pond. En route to Belfast, Ireland for the Songwriter's Festival!
haha its okay :)
Laroche's beard is grotesque
yep. Sucks.
Seriously, don't be a stranger!
The #HPV #vaccine will protect you against four strains of the #virus - HPV 6, 11, 16, and 18
RT : RT Protesters have a right to protest but they have to do so clean shaven, after a bath, and very quietly.
Ive been thinking that all damn morning since like 4am, laying in bed, could smell nothing but my strawberry spice on my desk.
no it just means you need to buy a bigger one! Lolol
Trying to get there RT : In a G. Love kinda mood today.
the 3rd of july was always the best!
Twitter! RT : I'm a member of the wrong generation. I wanna actually talk sports, not make corny ass jokes all day long.
and I fell in love with , why you cant be like justin ?-.- ehh ya and there are just #15days till Boyfriend.U'll rock it!
BREAKING NOW #GeorgeZimmerman's attorney wants suspect's family members to call in testimony at Friday's bond hearing. State doesn't object
Random thought. The free market operates by the same principles as evolution.
Alicia ♥ And you Kaylee ? Kaylee is the most georgeous name.♥
": niggas be puttin fingers in girls asses"only if u want it
I'M SPENDING EASTER WITH TEBOW here in Austin hes a SAINT.....
The things Emily says...lol!
Best deals on poker tables! www.eproducts4less.biz
So yeah no phone cause my #mommy thinks I'm a #badkid ! :'O
one of my orchids is about to bloom:)
Great job, , sending me an FHA premium refund form with information that is 8 years out of date.
Love Doris Burke - she looks slightly downhill at smurfy Cincy Coach Mick Cronin
Aww...bring him here for a romantic night ;-) RT : I adore everything about the man I'm dating.
: Please support federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
we already here
I love you Andy! Glad you had an amazing show :)
#Brewers win 6-4! The Crew is now 12-14 on the year.
It's crazy outside...
it's a mystery to me.
Yeah the def are. I'm between the Rane 57 and the pioneer 800
Me just following anyone who is following me <3
Shauna is making Brussels sprouts...if they taste as wonderful as they smell dinner's going to be great :-)
#houston An Iran-Israel war will be main market mover in 2012 Speculation has been running high in recent weeks that Israel may und
Thanks also to Rep Terri Proud for her support of HB2501 on Reg Reform! Simply requires Regulators write clear regs. What a concept!
Listened to Judd Antin of Yahoo Research yesterday at UC Berkeley; "motivation is hard to talk about, even harder to measure".
Paul Burns: Government should promote the #growth of #smallbiz – especially #innovative small businesses that seem likely to grow.
Yezzir! RT : So here's the new MSM meme...let's find Black preachers against #OBAMA. Sorry, you #FAIL, we'll
The camp said he had a scheduling conflict and could not attend.
Great to conspire with last night. Those bartenders know their stuff.
Welcome back to Oxford Property Group, Anabel Minier!
RT : . is talking about my favorite subject: Community.
I know had a ticket. Lots of $$ tho
Good morning!!!
Sounds extra delicious that way!
This summer will be amazing. (:
Good he was laughing with all the shoesRT : Thanks. The hubs was in the background making me laugh, lol.
Awe, shucks. Thanks, dude!
I wish I would have known this the other day, I would have came and visited you when I was down there.
I would have would have followed you, my brother... my captain... my duck.
call me from a private number so u won't have to worry about me giving ur number out 812-679-1479 should I follow my dreams
Super great conversation with about commingling libraries and Mark my words: it will happen in 2012!
The observer cannot be left out of the description of the observation. -Dr. John A. Wheeler, physicist
where have you been all my life slim??? bests- saft
Hoping today the pain the hurt the tears don't fall cuz for one day I'm numbing you out ...
Today is my mother Joyce Wilson's 75th birthday! Happy birthday to a great Mom. You loved much!!
I'm done.
So that's where they park. Just saw a cop walk out of a 24-hour garage on 47th street... with his horse.
my mom asked what I want for dinner.. Might as well try for chipotle
He said- Got a new word "cooly" lol hes so silly!! 😍😍
Isn't it OD when u can put somebodys TWITCON with their real face after like a day of seeing them on twitter. Twitter smh
17th-cent. writers complain about printers errors but we're not sure what an error is in the absence of standardization.
Hittin the links
Haven't even finished listenin to T.I.'s new song, Like That, yet but I'm in love with it!
thanks for the follow and support!!
we appreciate that!!
RIP PIECE SLIM DUNKIN MANE ...
#Lunchtime and you've got an appetite for Italian! Stop by for all you can eat until 3PM, just $9.95 for FL residents!
You can't tell me what to do. How is the south 805?
We often have strong associations between smell and cleanliness. Orange, lemon, fresh laundry? What smell signifies "clean" to you?
Absolutely! We have another one May 11. Or email Jason to set up a time that's best for you!
All it takes is a lil bit
Thanks to everyone for coming out to our birthday party! Keep an eye out for the pictures...we'll post them soon.
I'ma have to come to Boulder one day
So far...they'll probably ice it when he goes back to the dugout...
Just got out the shower so, my contractions are gone all the way (: But it's GN for me.
hanging with the coolest nerds later for an epic Harry Potter party whoo!
Twelve Minutes.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter & Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA & GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Will we see Wolf-Tarras tonight?
Thanks checked out the old stomping grounds yesterday. So much has changed. The campus is enormous.
just started following
whats up man?
Happy 100th International Women's Day Everyone!
My creepers finally came in the mail and of course they are too small. Why is shoe shopping so fucking hard for me?
it's whatever, feeling good living better
I feel like the Twitter prodigal daughter. One day, I will get back to annoying those near and far...but it is not this day.
hell yeah!
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the dragon.
and someone hasnt texted me back
going shooting tomorrow : ) going to have some fun... Cant wait to get that first shot off with the .45 : )
Have you been inside? Would love to know your thoughts!
ok, here for most of the day,short visit to a customer who we are releasing today,in the afternoon i hope, otherwise - I'm in the office
Sorry, u gotta be in the States.
Barney has never made an appearance in our house either. My middle daughter loves dinosaurs but he's not allowed.
Can't help but laugh when people say I've been MIA. Maybe I just don't fuck with you anymore.
Finally landed in VEGAS! Let the gambling begin!!
I know, I miss you guys!!!! Still waiting on that email :)
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe. Drink specials all night long! Get their early to avoid the long lines
just ate the most delicious Korean BBQ with at Soowon Galbi Korean BBQ in Koreatown. Got my kimchi fix, too!
Thanks for the follow Kevin!
Highly recommend zocalo at the plaza, great short rib tacos, guac and blueberry mojito. Check it out
if we make it to the finals this year, save me a seat! It will be my first live finals since 1999!
Dinner and film with friends. M. Have a GREAT night, Twitter. :)
Thanks to the DB who dumped my entire drink... ON MY HEAD. Looking real classy now. Worst part...he didn't offer to buy a new one.
Coldplay is playing on #idol right now y'all.
Well, hello ! A sale, you say? Might just hafta investigate! ...you're such a bad influence on me :-)
Your completely crazy... But I love it. :)
Really not a fan of public transportFARTation...weird smells everywhere
I like your Site. I've heard the argument that there are too many nonprofits, lots of crossover in causes What do u think?
- Yes - I am loving it!
suzie && evelyn is a mess they gone && go put fish in kenya room lol
There's a few other orange jerseys in the crowd!
thanks for hanging out friday! And for the tweet
if I become bffs with Allstar Weekend and One Direction then I'll believe I'm lucky
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Blessed to be able to share Beyond Walls with so many. Thank you for making this journey worth every minute!
#PsychoT baby lets go!!!!
let's get it AJ you know how we do it.
Merp. I love them! How about.. A Rocket to the Moon? :)
today's my 40th birthday. How bout you send me a piece now and when I win. Haha. Make it happen this year.
Sky show now: Jupiter & Venus in the west. Moon & Mars in east sky. Check it!
thank you
I'm so glad I invented coconut toast.
We are giving away $1,000 TOMORROW NIGHT! Be There! Happy Monday ;)
thanks!! Hope all went well :)
now i am but imma log outt in a few minutes. are you done with the picture????
Bro said can he go all the back to Larry crib because he left 10 cent lmao
I could live without the drama...smh
Cant even function.
At Timbers Game, loving the sound of #TimbersArmy getting warmed up.
Difficulties are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and several defeats.
People tell me I shuld be a Model. IDK; MAYBE I WILL
I just got some in the mail. I'll be using it soon. Thanks.
": Good Morning Everyone !! *waits for replies*"same to you
I will drop an email letting him know you are in for Photo House 2012! =)
ha def meant no hostility, but can understand how you took it. #ithinknot was merely my opinion.
im going to bed. none even knows i tweet twat twit. whatever the flip
what kind songs do u people like
Go take it! RT : <-- just lined up an interview to become the varsity Boys Head Basketball Coach at McArthur High Scool #blessed”
Let's Jam with BlackBerry Jam Developer Community!
Thanks so much for the follow! Following you too!
I apoligize about that...I didn't know that was such an accomplishment to be ranked
thanks sis! Yes having a blast-we're finishing up lunch now. Bout to read!
start with tho.
Great early start to the softball season
LOL! Cotto's gonna pull an HBK, "If I had to do it over again, I would."
Thanks for signing the petition!
When people say video games or comic books are for little kids. <
do u guys remember the party we went to and the guy fell with the pole. Is gonna re-enact it? LOL
VIDEO IS DEF KOOL YOU CAN CHECK SOME OF MY MUSIC AS WELL
I can't believe I completely missed this morning's at I need to pull myself together.
you making it ill eat it :)
we are THAT much closer to the weekend!
Don’t you dare remember me when you start forgetting about her.
Of course! Have a great weekend! :)
I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EMOTIONS
Don't have tix to Lauryn Hill at HOB on 2/23? Start thinking about how to sneak in. Insider told me she's a bit of a diva. Y'think??
Rhode Island, the 45th-most populous state in the land, has now been home to the last 2 Powerball jackpot winners.
pretty great actually ! But, imma try to go to sleep now (: good night !
Just got bitched at by a mom for telling her kid to give me my burrito. I said "FU" and left with my burrito in hand.
Dude. MLB network keeps putting the Mets' fan screenshot up. Over and over. Hilarious.
i dont see the point in u breaking wood the wood didnt do anything 2 u
yeah, its a snapshot from my latest short film! You should check it out;)
nutten in the world like some drum and bass to f@#k up people head. Lawd, ah cyaan tek it ...
road trip left overs
It's better to be with no one , than with the wrong one .
RT : Now you can tell your friends that you're going to a TA event when you buy tickets, with our new Facebook integration!...
I don't know what I'd do with 8mil friends. I'd need a bigger couch.
Ready to rock tonight! 8pm at Christy's Biergarten...join us!
In Bogota Columbia for the next couple of days, Ready for adventure!!!!
Woo! “: about to launch the new #soleless site.”
Just got my first comment on my new blog!
Why can't Sparrow work in landscape mode? Why isn't there a iPad version? We need an alternative to the iOS mail client.
Happy #FF, its all about green celebs
For some reason people aren't calling him on this so allow me: Deepak Chopra spews pseudo-science bullshit that's useless at best
up in section 212. They're bad but whatever
: when was to be done?
IM SO BORED
Were you near the chaos at the fair last night? Do you have cell phone video? Either one, please message me. Thank you!
Where is the outraged with this kind of nonsense! Hatred must stop and people should be held accountable. What's going on in your homes?
What is a suku booty? Lmfao
I know right
You did not....and I am a strong maybe.
Prayin for my grandma tonight<3
awww he is getting so big and growing so fast
Woke up & slowly took my time to get downstairs.. & when I finally got there, there was doughnuts. 
I wish I lived a little bit closer, so many tickets, concerts, shows and giveaways at
they are a hot item these days. they at least gave u half off- rite?
dude you really pissed me off today. Remember when we got into that argument? I felt like smacking the crap outta you
Happy Mothers day too all mothers not just single mothers.
iight. I'm home now tho
“ happy belated birthday”-Thanks
Just saved life! Better love me!
Ordered the cheapest battery grip I could find on ebay and its made for the older model batteries. Amateur
Brands = publishers now. The investments made between paid media & creation & dissemination of owned & earned media are evolving rapidly.
That's what I said.
-rights have no place there. One last bastion of totalitarianism, no freedoms, only 90 miles from our shores. Why is it ignored ?
wanna say congrats to my two boys for graduating college today.. mad ill times up there.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 13
Hate waiting...
Anyone else liking the idea of an 18 game NFL schedule
We took Vandy's best shot and still came back. 5v8 and we still won!
Not reading anything #redsox related until we win 2 in a row. The pessimism in this city is disgusting. Relax. Enjoy the Pats tonight.
Think your cool? Cuz i do.
completely fangirling over the video. oh im in love, in love, in love...(;
Walked the Capitol grounds, dinner at Union Station, Lincoln Mem at night. Dead tired :)
ha, usando o "realise" com s, super british! <3
German readers, get ready for Salome Jensen
Taking the kids to Dollywood this weekend.
I guess the tag team back me&harvey
thank you mijo!
Now we're getting somewhere. 1st question: Is your wireless router password protected? 2nd Q: How many total computers use it?
As of this morning, Kiss and IM officially has 100 female members on the site with profiles!! www.kissandim.com/register
Hey where does your church meet?
lmao chachi you and your mom's moments are priceless haha :P
#Team29 RT Who will be the best pit crew tonight?
Thanks for the re-tweets!
Hey! I'm free next week if you need some extra hands to help with Jam. I'm super strong :)
absolutely, I'd ask you to marry me but I'm not ready for commitment just yet
tell me something I don't know kha-leek-leek . lol
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Montgomery County until 04:15 PM
you better not die!!! i'm looking forward to your wedding way too damn much!
": I just wanna lay in bed and sleep all day" sounds like a plan
Never mind i find someone like u...Damn!!!!
Jim Abbott played with one arm! RT Wright can't grip a bat or ball...you can't play if you can't do that.
Incredible, discrete second Floor VIP Room! VIP membership info available in club!
Talks with my mom about absolutely anything >>>
wine..ill be over in a minute
Eyewitness News did a piece on dieting and ended by saying that we need to use a scale to know if we're gaining weight...
we JUST left! Played @ the velvet lounge last night, NYC tomorrow
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. Benjamin Franklin
yeah but I lost all the respect for last night...your right tho great marketing! Lol
RT : "Hipsters are all 'ooh that's so last week' and 'gimme a PBR' am I right guys? Bud light rocks"- the internet
RIP RT : CNN is reporting that Dick Clark has passed away. He was 82.
I think that you fail to recognize that those mathematicians, fruit eaters and boy scouts are the pricks of their groups.
The Ratchet Girl Anthem is on BET. Ayee
'Only a small amount of escorts advertising GFE services actually provide "true" GFE' WAN'...ADVICE?? GET FULL PLAY WITH A FULL TIME QUEEN!
Up this damn early on my off day
jealous!! I definitely am going to get a pair. How awesome were those coats and sweaters?!?!
Making some mahi mahi for dinner with white rice and stewed tomatoes
I've ALWAYS busted moves alone . I AINT NEVER has a clique . gorilla zoe ! mfs call me for help .
Haha love nyger completely ignoring sedars stop sign. Nice win!
Let's go #PACMAN!!!
I'd just like to inform everyone that my leg fell asleep and I cannot move.
Going to your first day of work with puffy eyes <<<
Project Inside Out is going to be such a blast this summer! What was your favorite activity we did last summer?
I don't want you at my funeral, cuz you'd probably kill me again.
Work. Doctor Who. Meeting the team.
Top publishing exec quote of the day: "The day when we sold only hardbacks and paperbacks will be looked backed at with wonder."
Looking for some classic bling?! Check your phones for today's deal from Grand Jewelers for a discount on your grill!
cool site , thanks
E.L. James' first pen name was 'Snowqueens Icedragon'. You can't make this stuff up
Thousands turned out for 's job fair in South LA. Lots of positive comments from people on way out.
thank you for your support
Yes. Very true. Enjoy.
I've seen her too (at dusk - I did a double take). I got to scratch its lil bristles. :)
Come to the Packers! Flynn is probably going to Miami and we need a competent QB to mess with :)
Hey Guys I'm ashley Clark
cant wait till summer, no homeworkk.
y is kobe NOT producing smh,
is that because you're sitting in the courtroom listening to the testimony and reading twitter simultaneously? I hope u are
USA is ahead in men's international friendly soccer game against Italy in Italy. I'm really surprised, world!
“: bring to the ER: 1) Insurance card! 2) Info abt #specialneeds #RBabymoms” & diapers, my daughter is 8 ER never has her size.
RT : talking #livenow w homeless advocate bout how #socialmedia can bridge gaps b/w police & community
Noeleen: Ladies...don't wear big flowers on TV.
It’s not technically the weekend yet, but Thursty Thursday is damn close. Just $10 gets you all the beer you can drink!
JULIAN. I love you. I think you should RT this if you love me too.... <3
SOFAS $ 595.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hey Javi.... Omg! I miss u as a friend, but I know X comes first.
Thank you! I will.
Albuquerque kids are raising money for local kids with cancer by putting on a summer concert. www.harmonytohelp.com
Rotisserie chicken works great in recipes
We mark our territory and defend.
well thanks ..
Great day in Austin working w/ with
Congratulations Sarah! Well deserved.
I'll beat you at any game, just name it
but the thing is: my friend just died. i found out today, a few hours ago. maybe i could have helped him, maybe not.
If men trained to be great, fathers, husbands, bfs, and all around men of god like they do in the gym, this world would be a better place.
he does he's a Betch
Happy friday, all!
Washington Wizards are giant-killers these days. Last week they beat the #Bulls, today the Heat.
Surprisingly hard to find 1964 bill as passed by House. Turns out in GAO Legis Hist. db. Def. some room for more dig. of bills.
hahah i know victor!!
6 days until I get to see and !! Chicago is ready to party!
Summer newsletter is out with a feature on our amazing chamber ambassadors. Watch your email.
RT , If you want me to DM you my #
