Autism ~ Seeing the World from a Different Angle ~ TeeZazzle
Erin Matts' piece of advice to women: don't be afraid to promote yourself. Don't be invisible.
Fancy grilled cheese on marble rye and tomato bisque!
There's more to social media! Learn how the new online world can help you manage all aspects of your business.
wow! 90% of the world now lives in a place with access to a mobile network
I will not vote for some asshole with two Twitter accounts.
(Jules Rose) The exact words that you use are far less important than the energy, intensity and conviction with which you use them.
You just may be a #catnut if: You consider cat hair in your food as extra fiber.
Happy Hump/Leap Day! Hope it's full of things you'll remember for the next 4 years
that's not good smh just be straight up and if you don't get anything that you was hoping for then move forward
I hate how now anytime you type something into Youtube, the first thing that pops up is the Glee version. No thank you.
No. 1 leadership skill is picking right person and putting them in the right positions. - Jim Collins.
I wish bosh will come back already
watching t.v. bored as hell;
I have my voice final today and I woke up with a stuffy nose and sneezing. If my allergies fuck with my grade today I'm gonna cry.
hey my buddy, what going on?
Will this affect my kid's chances in next year's Maury ES preschool lottery? :)
Follow our personal accounts! We want to get to know you!
Voice over is complete #deepstacks round of applause goes to all the people involved decibel garden
This made me laugh out loud!!!
I caught the last 10 minutes of Mob Wives and I honestly don't understand why those women were fighting.
Congrats Michael Pollack RT : At the Phx Business Journal's most admired CEO awards dinner. Congrats to Michael Pollack!”
So where's Jeremy Lin?
of course! And we can at least share *partial credit for starting the "Mar-cus Cam-by" chant! :-) I'll miss all of them.
Obama can go on Jimmy fallon all he wants. He's fucked with the American people.
Planes are taking off from DCA, I can see the shuttle in the distance.
Agree! Wonder how hard they had 2 twist his arm 2 make him take credit. He's proud 2 take credit 4 things tht wk out well
I think a Chi-town reunion in Chi-town would be better.
A bad presenter can kill your product.
Well it's pancake tuesday. Wanna go pancake house?
Lost in fantasy football by one stinkin' point when my opponent got 21 points tonight out of the Pats def.
ignorant people are the worst. good riddance to you.
Happy #FF peeps!
RT : Don't worry, trees. Only 7 more chopping days til Christmas.
i love judi
maybe Ru is gonna trick us all, and crown Latrice. :)
But the Elite has altered everything else... How do we know thats not tainted also? & I do
I have personal beef with Amare Stoudemire.
Is 30 Rock really being canceled?
as said, need to register the elephant bird jar as well. that and your protobuf class should be all that's needed
RT : yeoo what's all this talk bout u killed it????--I just performed in a
We hope you're out enjoying the sunshine! It's a beautiful Portland day.
Geez John Freida - could you have picked a skinnier model for your commercial? Feed her before she breaks in half!
Fresno man pleads guilty to having machine guns
sox abouts the typos I was Half asleep :P
Your too far out to swim your way in
I would love to go on a late night cinematic adventure tonight, its been far too long.
"You're everything I could want, that I could need. If I could see You want me - Could I believe?" ::david crowder band::you're everything::
Planning on making a cover. Time to take out the keyboard<3.
It was an intense conversation; I didn't have a good opportunity to jump in without being kind of a jerk.
Making a difference....tomorrow.
Be sure to follow headquarters on Twitter! Check in daily for sweet deals, contests, a peek into the doghouse and more!
Well alright on that request. Lol..
If you wear alot of makeup, dont say that another girl wears alot? lol
when are you and doing Cool Morning 3???
Did you go down with other M&Hers? Excited to hear how it goes. RT :
My head hurts
Have a great #MothersDay celebration!
Taking the kids to the library, listening to Check Your Head on the way
I'm cracking up like crazy right now at this phone tap!!! XD
Sys libs job to seek best software for the library & not to have a preference for the license (OSS v. proprietary).
...lol...just nice of you to share it with 5600 of your closest friends :-)
hope you enjoyed some of the #aam2012 banter!
u gonna be on s. Beach?
On my way. Waiting for the elevator. Story of my life.
You're welcome! Gotta love the megazone
Well the scratchy throat and weakness is not going away anytime soon.. I'm sure school will make it all better. NOT!
Lil Kim music and people dancing on tables, not your average trip to the vineyards in LI
Her new stuff, I presume? How do you like it? Getting some great press.
Channing Tatum plays a stripper in his new movie?!? I'm so there.
Contrary to popular belief, I don't hate Davey Johnson. I've wished herpes on some of my best friends.
You will love
what a beautiful picture! PS. I have a huge crush on Red Hook too.
hi there. nice to meet Paul at LMA. just a heads up that your site is down "Error establishing a database connection"
got my fingers crossed for ya! Rumor is next weekend is supposed to be awesome!
I aint got time for this aight peace...ima be a thug dead beat just like Kane
Hellz Yeah they are!! That tweet got me all hungry n I aint git shit :( Lol..
Im not just a damb ordinary girl!!
BS call from the #Refs in the pred v pho goal all the way
I would be on Csi NY and only if Eric was my partner in crime
Don't chase the paper, let it chase you.
the odd angles in your photo composition support the subjects 'crazy eyes' A+ (I'd like to see more portfolio work with stucco)
great crowd showing up. Excited to see business owners hungry for social media!
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xoxoox
My Nigga Im Bumping That Now Smoking Some Wake And Bake
"griffin wanted a foul on Gasol." a broken record id rather change
okie! i totally forgot!
ops...yes, art...creative art at that!!!
RT : Name the greatest of all inventors! Accident. (Mark Twain)> my choice would be Tesla...
We are with you 100% on that!
"payphone" was just as horrible as "moves like Jagger" Adam needs to coach himself &Christina on how to sing.bazinga!
this panini really captures the experience of the first time someone makes a panini!
thanks to you too. Love the bio & look forward to your tweets!
We've reviewed 6 kids books whose titles begin The Great .... Can you guess what they are?
And my sister Jewel (:
awes i have a cookie for you if you want it?
She going thru something
Take a stroll on the Avenue and grab yourself a seat on our front porch, to enjoy B Veggie Shamrock'N'Roll!
dude. feed me NOW
Caché: a super weird/scary/worth seeing French film
I would buy an tm. I wouldn't want to potentially ruin one of my teams #pack #brewers, so venture in to something new!
And when you do you can use us for your #green move!
I've never been a person that cries I just hold my emotions in cuz I hate when people know that I am sad.
It's easy to talk about "narratives"--almost a cliche in #scicomm these days. That link is a reminder of the awesome power of stories.
Just visited your blog, very nice! Sure I'd love to chat with you as well. What's your schedule?
Apple's abandonment of upgrades in the app store and for the pro apps is because that business model's ship has sailed.
Ooh, good question! RT Question of the day: How many different instruments can you play?
what song?
Lovin this "Friday," hm wut shall i get into tonite...
I thought I left the Windy City on Sunday...
Land Rover Discovery … for sale | Off-Road-Center-Acs
Oh, Twitter, I'm here! Now... To unpack forever...
#iug2009 met a security guard this morning whose actual middle name was "danger"
Anyone else notice the massive advertising that Kia is doing? I'm pretty sure are a sponsor for almost everything that exists!
tell him to lock my Twitter in in case he ever get in trouble. Im bailing someone out now.
yeah mr.morgan put the ac on (: but my head hurts
She sang at my wedding!! Everyone vote for her.... You are AMAZING
RTJust walked to the restroom #casualexercise - Think about all the calories you'll burn once you get inside :-)
I'm not Robo Calling anyone at least.
"Oh you didn't know? Yo ass betta call somebody!" Who knew Road Dogg was forewarning us of which would one day become "Butt dialing"?
We’re going to next week, are you? Hope to see you there, booth #821!
☼ Abundance is in large part an attitude. Sue Patton Thoele
have fun ! We went already ... early like. ... take pictures !
ew. Katie... No they are no good. You shouldn't like them. It's bad for your health!
follow me on twitter I can give you the scoop. How I know CJ is on for for more.
. is the most amusing reviewer ever.
Glad u r pleased w/the pics from premiere show :) Oh shoot asst now that's major LOL no really appreciate that a lot
If forever ended now, is this where you'd want to be?
I swear girls here cnt say ish to my face bt I'm cuteer than you as you say I'm ugly ahahah its better than hidious
Great, thank you! Looking specifically for Columbus, Ohio and maybe surrounding areas. I will check it out
Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :)
My daughter is watching #ThisisIt on #VH1Classic. She just said "I'm a background dancer."
Wish I were in Rockville, MD tonight for take over!
We had fun doing the Google+ Hangout today. We will link to the video whe is it on YouTube. ^TR
Nothing says Motown tribute group like 4 middle aged white guys.
thank u love. Xoxoxo. I will be sending u a business plan for my Mercy Me cases to b sold at your store.
Allergies are beating me up :(
Thinking about having a delicious afternoon snack at #SugarCafe!
oh no. Please.. You know what you need to do!
Opinion: Would you say that your HOA is helping your property value?
“: Admit It, we've all recorded ourselves singing to see if we could actually sing.” #Success :)
All Bankers take the #Keating Course of what not to do and who never to trust...
: In the Limo about to take a tour around Times Square NYC with my best friends <3
RT if you are single!
Man amongst the great game, just got terrible news...R.I.P BRUCE MAYS!!!! join ur sons hand
Counting down the days till March 7th, the day I graduate from culinary school with a diploma in pastry and baking!!
Hello Thanks for the #follow!!
Just for our Valentine’s… Bali Hai will be running two specials: a Surf and Turf and a Surf and Surf!
It's getting closer! University of #Georgia football against the #BoiseState #Broncos. You know who Glenn's gonna go for!
good morning:)
are you serious
I always look for a hidden alien throughout the opening!
Still heard in heaven “: BREAKING: Bluegrass legend, banjo pioneer Earl Scruggs dies in Nashville at age 88, his son says”
: Happy Birthday Tracy! May God continue to Bless you Richly! Enjoy your special day!
I may or may not have played "Sometimes It Takes Balls to Be a Woman" 5X to psych myself up for the bus home. Now I want to sing it.
you had a good 1 day run at Twitter
Go Shockers!
Going back to Atlanta any time soon?
#PrayForJapan Lord, give them strength. <3
Hate-Watching “Smash” - New Yorker (blog)
saw your boyfriend Tom at kusi this morning. Told him I heard he was a good stalker cc:
how about scrabble for an alternative 3 level analogy: individual letters>words>relationship of words to one another on the board.
Me and Bree are seriously aruging whose gonna be a Go Go dancer. And whose gonna be a stripper. I called dancer. She's pissed. Lol (;
Exhausted, but what a great day with a fabulous team! Photos are amazing.
anybody up for talking? I haven't been on here in forever!
Dont forget to send us your favorite stories about the bronx
Bryan Cranston's appearance (the line about "killing her") in the commercial for Krysten Ritter's ABC show = a reference to Breaking Bad?
Best of luck to you Jen...
psh you'll be awesome! maybe we can talk though about things we've done wrong!
I called my dad to ask him a question about a baseball game we went to in the 80s. He doesn't remember the game. Or the 80s.
Over the Thad years especially, I have observed the Buckeyes can't beat decent teams without shooting a good percentage from 3-point land.
The steadicamer of #HungerGames should be called a shakicamer.
Just realized how brutal the RPG really is after 6 months
Well played Obama, well played
WHERE IS AT?!?! And so do u like the username Justinmahonecum still???
We are the Official Social Media for The Fetish & Fantasy #Halloween Ball in #Vegas! Follow them now!! /via
The people next me are haven the weirdest convocation
Nice to see other writers on here. Thanks for the follow.
. : Practical problems to think about re: #culturalmuseums: Do we have the resources? Do we have the audiences?
Heck Yes!
So have you convinced to join us on the FCIT yet ?
Never know what happens next just plan for the best!
Tummy keeps growling :(
Does the dress meet with your approval?!? Still no date!
On the plane to ATL to see ah so excited
Today was last day of conference i i didn't do so well in places but improved my time
not my type of music but looks like fun!
I Followed! Please!!!
on the way, "things you need to know" at 8:15 win lunch for 2 at Tj's Tavern, the Monday morning match game listen on Generations 1023
i love you so much! You're face last night was priceless. See you tomorrow lol
I'm in love with Granny G!!
who said it wasn't a xmas present to begin with? I'll bring it over today 😎
Damn that Axford has a fastball. Ball game 7-2
Need something picked up from Brownsville International Airport and delivered to Harlingen, TX....Call us! 877-527-5737
I really want beliebers and 1D's to get along. Justin and 1 Direction are awesome :) RT If you agree.
Will u be my funky Jesus?
I got my wings when I was young so I tend to fly I put my chain on, they saying it's homicide And I'm killin' 'em, it's homicide
Just listed to Jake talk up all the" good pro's" Ryan got. Had 2 check standings, nope I wasn't dreaming! This bunch still stinks!
Is Danica Patrick egiable for the fan vote for the Allstar next week?
You wanted some quality time with Twitter. ;)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Best of luck on the last three weeks!!
All back to normal, home in the keys. workin on new effect!
Random dancing on set with so lovely people!Check out the new videos on my YouTube channel or on my Twitter Profile!Happy St. Patty's Day!
//Thx u 4 MT have a great day
B/c this week has already been a circus, we're ending it Right ?
Let's CELEBRATE!!!!!
If there's a crew to go on Titanic II in 2016, lets role
Dan Froomkin writes,Bush feels "he had a legitimate reason 2 invade Iraq, & that he had a legitimate reason 2 torture detainees.
My 1st memory of Eric was that he is a gorgeous vampire!!
Ive got some serious camel fungus going on... LOL.
Boom! From way downtown, BANG!
Fedex Field is just the location of the inspections - it's all truck traffic not Fedex
Or should I say happy 4/20!
Great dinner at Fresh Fish company but crowded. We were all using our groupon before it expires on the 30th
Several brokers and managers are on the way to ERA's International Business Conference. Looking to bring back great ideas and tools.
I'm saying you guys can share my copy forever because I'll never play it & appreciate it as much as you two haha
Heat Dancers, Bernie the Mascot, lots of prizes. It's a watch party. Gametime is 3:30. #whiskeytango #downtownhollywood Let's do it!!
thanks! I use your site all the time for us history activities. Need some info on introducing Socratic seminar format to Ss
I don't have that data, but anecdotally I'd imagine Seattle numbers are likely lower. Again, just guessing though.
Dr Laura, thank you for one of the kindest posts I've ever received. You are a role model for helping others succeed.
Ha! Unlikely...but not impossible!!
Rise and shine loves.... Whats good :-) :-)
David, would you be interested in presenting at the Atlanta Photojournalism Seminar? photojournalism.org Please DM me -ben
Oh you're cool !
I was just thinking the same thing when looking at the summer to request days off. Time only flies if you look at it.
Thursday night at The Aurum Lounge! It's alsready poppin' #homecoming weekend.
Yes, I believe you did as well lol
any link to LCNAF reconciliation service? I didn't realize there's one.
finally 1st external ends,..... preparing for the 2nd external.......
Today is the first day in a week that I woke up and don't feel sick … Woohoo!
Who or what inspires you to dance?
Sounds like something AZ would do. Brewer still in office, yeah? Ugh. Also, State v. Ravin? Not familiar, I'm afraid.
almost @ 600 followers...
you can do it ! So what color bikini are you going to get ? ;)
Stick a fork in me. I'm done.
Novak has the quickest release ever haah
but that's an actual food place!
Whenever you get something published, a book review or anything, show the administration. Publishing as advocacy and being seen as...
Love it - hope you go for it.
Follow me Back?:)thanks
CORE is in the house at for some great drinks & some #AngryMonkeyTime #Holla!
If you saw my desk, you would understand. I could live on it. Like an office loft. RT loser.
do you work tomorrow???
Come see the 'Step Into My Shoes' booth this weekend at the Mental Health Month event on Sat., and the Carlsbad Village Street Fair on Sun.
Finally done !! now i can sleep<3
Need Tech help. Where can I host a flash object or java applet for free? I need to link to something more dynamic from Blogger .
AH! That is scary. This is why plastic surgery is a no-no, folks!
Looking at Derrick rose n Jeremy lin baby lmfao
RT : Stop by and have some fun at the booth at the today. Sponsored by
Congrats to Portland & Seattle for the Top 10 Bike ratings! Its a spoke in our Wheels :)
I'm done.
RT : RT : do what you love.
i wish i could be your FOTM :(
I love my drama friends more than anyone else on earth.
#MyTop10GucciSongs Freaky Girl....
You're welcome. Good luck!
Manchester United all day.
LOVE campaigning in Lockport. Really nice people in a picturesque city, an important part of the soul of
Follow my alter ego skyedanielsxxx
Thanks! I will try to attend on the 8th.
I've crossed over to the dark side. It's pretty here.
Make way for a madman and a bull. - Spanish Proverb
scooootttttt! Come to Portland!
White "seeds" in a watermelon aren't seeds -- They're seed shells where a seed didn't develop.
that's the cutest thing ever!!!
They accidently left you off the most influential lawyers in the world list??? Yes, we noticed! It's just not right. ;o)
Hey whaddya say? White Eagle, Hammerhead, Wilbur Burger, fries, patio, sunshine? Yes sir!
Woo hooo! I've been getting updates on you from various people today. Glad everything went great! Hope recovery goes great!
the presentation went okay I guess. we probly got like a b or c. :/ this class gon bring my gpa down. :(
I'm so excited for 's EP!
where are you going?
Your now-one-person cult following says: Keep on tweeting, !
Fun day with
There's nothing wrong with wanting MORE! And stopping at nothing to get it. x
have we met? A/s/l?
No problem!! Happy to keep you connected during your travels. Have a safe trip!
thanks for the RT
Watching the State of the Union.
The wise sees them self in all beings and all beings in themselves. Therefore they never feel hostility towards anyone ~ Isha Upanisad
#Indy, you sure are gloomy out today, but we love you anyway.
LOL I get crazy and giddy at the very sight of beer ... I tend quote Hamlet when I'm giddy.
RT : Sad to lose a visionary.
Nice! (No excuses)
idc ab a girl. Lol id have to fight a dude tho.
Stomach in knots, nervous Af
well this guarantees you some gold bricks to heaven.
Thanks for the input, good luck!
maybe if we had windows I'd see more birds. (sigh)
is just saying, Ah, Brewers.
My heart is yearning for yhaa... Lemme inside you looovvveeee.!
Please tell me how I'm supposed to sit through school tomorrow.... #Ed'sababe
Going to shake it up with Howie Schneider and the #newsliteracy #medialiteracy folks at the March 16 event at UConn
Signed up to model in a fashion show. Should be fun.
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
Free class from The Writers Studio tonight in #Tucson. DM me if youwant to learn more about our method for teaching creative writing.
Won 1 mil chip pot against other biggest stack at table with Aq vs ?? On JT3K6, villain c/c whole way after I call his open in pos
Late-night beers, great conversation, and "Rock 'n Rolla" with Who knew, right?
Wow, what a concept. #Rockies hit three, simple line-drive singles, lead 1-0 in 1st.
I'M IN THE HOV LANE
Already the hockey geniuses are predicting a Devils sweep despite Cats splitting the regular season series.
you on twitter= fml
Does your chain hang low, does it wabble to the flo, can you throw it over your sholder, is it platinum or is it gold
#SNL is only trending because of
Good game Ravens! See you in the Playoffs!
haha i hope :)
An end marks a new beginning..
who signed
my Xfinity is acting stupid.. I hate this
Omg it's thundering! #TengoMiedo #Lechita #Undertow :(
#UCDavis students *allowed* police & chancellor to leave. Students knew their power, used it humanely. Police, admin could learn from that.
Hubs is obsessed with our new video surveillance system.
12g Cupcakes: chocolate, Oreo and Vanilla
If I'm #VH1 and wanna shine a light on politics for my tween demographic, I'm starting a bachelor type show with Herman Cain or Rick Perry
I am excited to see you here. I met you years ago. It was an honor.
HOT!!!! RT : Just saw a girl in a camo prom dress with an orange ribbon across the middle
k...love ya
Must be nice laying on the beach?
HCA rules in Wesport Ins. Corp. v. Gordian case involving setting aside an arb. award re s 18B of the Insurance Act (NSW): [2011] HCA 37.
walkin around the house wit white strips on my teeth and yelling vampire :) ha
I dont see haters like i'm blinking((;
I'm hungry...
At FutAd Direct Connections with the DC Ad Club and Rocketfuel
When is a good game we can go see?
Friend the AOA PS on Facebook! RT Tell your friends: we're almost to 700 fans. Can we reach that by the end of this month?
I wish.
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
The moment when you put your iPod on shuffle but you still flip to the specific song you want
Last chance! has the final pair of SOLDOUT Flo+TheMachine this hour! Is your Autodial ready?
well, that can't be good...
Whoa, now that's some luck!
this is the good stuff! so "player" in everyday speech, but "baller" only in rapping? //
Denver desperately needing Wilson Chandler this game sucks he ain't plauing
Life in LA
My counter (what I think will happen): Lou gone, Hawes back, Dre traded for veteran in the Al Jefferson, Luis Scola, Pau Gasol mold.
STOP following me on Pinterest. I signed up on accident. I will never PIN ANYTHING EVER.
The story you broke is trending on twitter in Chicago. That's pretty cool.
follow back? :)
I got like 3 months to lose like 10- 15 pounds... I'm tryna look cute in this prom dress :)
Thinking tat i might have a nnee celebrity crush... not only is it TAYLOR LAUTNER but now BRUNO MARS!!!! XD
I hate waiting up for people. Especially when my head hurts. ><
by looking at all the things I sent u can u tell where I love 2 shop?? u r so worth every penny I spent!! Thanks 4 all u do :))) LUV U
7:11 and traffic already on lake shore drive. I need to leave earlier if I'm going to take the bus.
just throwing out scenarios
Yandy, can you bring the trunk show to DC/MD/VA ?
Only 6 more days to enter for a chance to win $1000 off of our Battle Stations. Post a photo of you in an ugly sweater on our Facebook wall
I forgot to bring tea :(
#haters are trending now
How much of a blessing they would be. Was always deathly afraid of doing something wrong.
considered is a strectch
Staying true to our Applebees tradition
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Bermudez brings one in with the bases loaded to make it 9-7.
How about my beloved Baltimore Orioles? Thanks!
cool. (: That is so far away.
i can do anything around my boyfriend .. i burp & fart in front of him.. tell him when i have to take a shit and everything
Its friday and warm! Look out world here I come
Monday night football!!! Weekly FREEROLLS! Code TWITTER=35% bonus on 1st deposit!
I'm still waiting for someone to bust out a May Pole. In the meantime, happy #MayDay!
House Education Committee meeting beginning. Committee expected to vote on charter school bill HB 1228.
Cotto is the best opponent Floyd has fought to date
Ariana teaches us well.I was walking down the streets of New York and I gave money to a singer playing..A bunch of people started to give.<3
The ice cream man is going down my street .
About the out at second base...
well got bitched at for my grades in college, well one grade in college!!
Watching some people try out #google+ and intrigued by the skype-like 'hangout' feature but not feeling blown away just yet.
Thinking next Sunday might be a great day to check out the Baltimore farmers market
5 Starr chick
Enough fretting over finishing things. Away to dinner with a friend & then the This American Life simulcast!!
you want me to proof read the paper?
thanks! I will! I'm not so stoked about seeing it in 3D though =/
yeah! Always haha freaking toe...
Items in menu interopable across LOD
I'll be there!
The Harry Potter books and movies sparked many young people around the world to become interested in magic and conjuring as a hobby.
Met a scientist today who went to both Oregon and Oregon Sate; my first encounter with a "platypus" ;-)
shoot when u see me
Just presented at a library board meeting. Totally nervous, but things went well. Board members are just people (or so I told myself).
allynhoang Haha for sure :) When will you be coming by next? You owe me a shot from blue martini!2
I just got off the phone with my wife, a typical call while on the road, nothing unusual. And yet I feel so blessed to be married to her.
Lol it's funny when somebody think they know sumn. Can't nobody on twitter tell me they know who I talk to.
Usually I'm telling the truth when I say "just kidding"… I just realized it was a little too harsh 
Need for online college education has an uphill trend due to its convenience and reliable courses. We are at your service for the same
it's nothing bad' ahaa
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually - Jimi Hendrix.
"I really like 'The Good Wife' " -
goodness only
LOL - that was one of my favorite episodes from old-school 90210....memories.
In my professional life show that you are human has been a weakness. Seems like in the new direction I am aiming, being human is an asset!
There's a NEW GROUP on Linked-In!!! Professional Actors & Casting Directors Network. This is a closed group for industry professionals.
Don't forget to go vote today!
": Im Trying To Call My Friend & My Phone Keep Saying Signal Lost:("
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
good but its kinda weird at the same time haha
yes I'm prego and trust me they press very Firmly on mine and I have to drink lots of water before them not cool!!!!
Bulls make money, bears make money, pigs get slaughtered.
I thought watching porn was your writing inspiration?
Anndy Hoiser! You rock our socks off!!! Thank you for being so rad! Sending love at you from across the river! <3
Watching Forest Gump??
Madison's Voice.
JR Hildebrand told his crew, "I am so sorry!" I feel for him, how disappointing.
I'm in booth #904 at #alamw12. First person to stop by and show me this tweet receives a free DVD of Great #Libraries of the World
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl with my drummer. Peri's, the Sleeping Lady, and 19 Broadway in one night!
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
Hi Glen we have a few agents working for all our musicians and entertainers aiming to book them for 6 of our cruise liners
yes, its always hard to leave a place u love !!
Encore: dawned on me
A warm hello to all my new vegan&macro followers&followees. Exploring modern jazz is my twitter raison d'etre, but I enjoy talking food too.
If I had Eleanor Calder's legs I would go out and buy a TON of skinny jeans.
I feel like I'm in 2028
back at school. so glad to be. 18 on Friday. and i got a job
Rah rah oo la la Ga Ga ha ha ha!
on the bus headed to the skin magician - then it's off to the DMV.
miss you too. Its so cold :(
RT MSG previously projected Madison Square Garden renovation would cost max of $850 million. Now it's up to $977 mill. Yikes.
Realtor just sent a text that there's four consecutive days of open house starting tomorrow where I live & work. Really wanna move!
RT : If you like funny tweets, then you must follow now! They have some of the funniest tweets on twitter....
I done watched this Jhene Aiko live performance video way too many times already
Happy Texas Independence Day Yall! I'll definitely be rockin my cowgirl boots today.
sounds like some groveling that belongs in a locker room, not a tweet. Mike brown ain't phil jack.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government
DMX is what happens when you ignore your children....RT DMX is what happens when you ignore your feelings.
Was the $85 million handed over in a plain brown Gucchi bag? BTW - no 22 year old needs a spread like that. Absurd!!
IT WOULD BE LESS PRESSURE ON THEM OPPOSE TO THEM GOING BACK TO L.A. DOWN 0-2.
Ur camera is ready! :) Catch me today & every Mon :40 pm during the NBC Wash News4 w/ &
Also, one piece of rosemary shortbread left. It has your name on it.
I miss you homie
riot fest is on my birthday fdsajlkfdsalj
#eluna09 New model of bibliographical control thru a Metadata Mgt Syst (MMS) model. Allows libraries to share, yet maintain unique data.
Jen, the trip to the lodge was every bit as beautiful as everyone said. I was great. Now, rest and then an early flight home.
I aint exactly read up on the latest on the Saints suspensions, but it seems like a bit much to me...
The one mistake in Bachmann's campaign: MICHELLE BACHMANN!
Way to bust this game open #RedSox this is the kind of offense we need behind our ptiching!
Great piece!
Hey , you're so thoughtful and a real descent girl 😄treatin me good and showin u care. & it feels really great to hang witcha
Congrats ! You won March's Tiger's Tale contest! DM us and we will send you your RIT Tigers Afghan. :)
How much did you want to bet, Eddie. I must have missed your tweet with the amount.
is this some kind of colocation situation?
did I ever tell you just how PROUD I am of my children eveyone thinks their kids are the best I think my kids are #1 smart and doing things
Did you wave at my building when you drove past? Have fun down on our corner tonight!
why are you sad?;(
whuddup my boy
When people say art museums are boring god kills a kitten. Stop.
Sebastian Bach? His hair was so pretty. :0)
I was going crazy looking for the heat game lastnite lol its today tho
once you leave my class she always says he really scares me, he really does lmao
I call it what it do... My sprite so dirty fool
could say "modern" #opengov is {open src/content;access to info;open innov.} ideologies carelessly smushed together around "open"
This is going to be a powerful week for me Cynthia Harris being in action getting rid of fear and stepping into glory. go Cynthia
Obstacles are a given in life. But it’s your choice whether to view them as dead ends or detours. -Jack Canfield
let me know if u need a mix for these records you're doing.
thank you neighbors that don't lock their wifi. I don't know what I'd do without you.
Pretty sure I'm going to catch the plague while on my bus ride to Philly. Everyone is hacking, sneezing, sniffling. #passthepurell #
Happy Bobby Orr Day, Boston!
water never tasted so good until now
Friend to a client: "Wow! Do you really have a six pack (feeling her abs)." Cleint: "Well it's better than a fat pack!"
Of course raising standards for teachers in training would imply higher pay.
Always second best.
#ff cuz she is the best
Back in the abq
Good morning! In San Antonio, TX for holidays. Today our 7 month old grandson is being christened. A great day.
I'm officially depressed.
Have someone you want me to follow? Tweet me their username and I will!
you made last night's cam show fun! thanks for coming and camming and cumming ;)
gotcha...catch you next month
oh I think he's so sexy but he's not my fav =p
nothing :D
Who farted?
I hate that
everything natgeo does is so quality. their shows are so well filmed, their writing well researched. really refreshing to see it done right.
Loved chatting with last night and finding out how much we have in common. Our love of Paula Deen hams and mattresses. ;)
it's gonna be okay sis<3
Not sure how Kobe doesn't get that shot. Rode LeBron, gotta ride Kobe. He's done it before though. Let's see what he does at home.
Watching a show on NatGeoWild. Conclusion? Orcas are very bad news.
just got home from my brothers house and got to see my nephew and every time i see him he gets cuter and cuter!! I love being an aunt!
need a wardrobe makeover? know someone who does? TLC casting Atlantans for "What Not to Wear. " email: .
Whatever gets Doans punk ass off the ice is fine with me
ok we have found out we cannot follow our followers...we need more followers to follow us, Spread the word please thank you
think of something to do afterwards
Lol okay BABY! ;) ( emphasize)
#ILove Guys with a nice body ;), nice personality, smiles a lot, silly, cuddles, huggers, and just themselves!
Nothing says better that you are back home in Texas than having to kill a scorpion before your 1st cup of coffee.
I'm too busy having a life to be at the crime scene lol
@ a career x-roads? Join me TODAY CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, auth of Navigating Through "Now What?" www.theWATTnetwork.com
ok sorry
OK, so somewhow Chris Bosh sucks when he plays, but is the Heat's MVP when he sits. That's talent
Thanks for putting it on my radar, it's great!
I knew there was a sea of RVs at #stagecoach when I walked through the park Sat. From the ferris wheel they are as far as the eye can see
Super tired! OKC need to hurry up & win!!!!
Just had a chickenburger, and now im eating my brothers birthday cake.ITS ALL CHOCOLATE Yuuuummmmyyy!
MUST. COVER. PREPS!
Who me?
isn't that Walt Disney!!!???
Feeling old today. Looked at the 2012 Van's Warped tour lineup. Miss the days of NOFX, , , ,
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED IS TRENDING:D
I just tried to type "Here" into my phone and it auto-corrected to "Gerevics"... what?
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving. W. T. Purkiser
Hell hath no fury like man who's team suffered upset loss.
Thanks for the tip, Where were they at?
I just posted a photo of kids playing with robots
sure buddy checkout out my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings very funny
It's lovely :) Definitely my favorite place to shop!! x Where're you, then?
so super excited for to be in the studio... gonna be one HECK of an album!
Cant Nobody Tell me What Aint Gon Be No More Think Im Gon Fall Dont Be So Sure
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Been studying for hours but it still makes no sence.
are you fielding a #dasball team?
smh he is something else I seen some nasty ish haha wyd
Yeah he's so perfect <3
go to sleep then
thank you! :)
you guys are so sweet!
Jenica Rogers: It's not OK: to not get Facebook, copyright, publishing when you're a librarian
I took ukelele lessons in Waikiki, I never heard that. I vote pretentious.
love will make you crazy . love will make you think . heavy on my mind . pour a shot for me to drink . i love it <3
hi will you FOLLOW RIGHT NOW !!I'LL FOLLOW BACK WHO FOLLOW HER :) QUICK !!
UCLA student group has their fourth annual Bruins Care musical to raise money for the Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS charity....
Thank you for the follow!
9th Circuit asks Prop 8 backers to brief issue of standing - whether they have right to appeal when governor & AG decline.
Sources indicate that formed Maryland QB Danny O'Brien has made the decision to transfer to Wisconsin.
I'll be over in 10!
sorry. was taken.
dude lets do radar dubs it's so easy and so fun!!!
"If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito" RT ()
KC area auto plants gear up for tougher standards
Thanks Jen!
Big shout out to and the GRAMMY Foundation for putting on many amazing charitable events during the GRAMMY festivities.
having read the comment in question, my inclination is the same as Hillel's. but see his caveat
Arrieta cleanly fields comeback for first out of the season to get Span out.
I think I remember liking that last year. Pretty good?
#Spartacus returns tonight? Dunno if I wanna watch it after Andy died.
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy. ~ Robert A. Heinlein
Go To Sleep!!!! lol
yes I joined the #teaparty news site the address is www.uniteandstate.com it has dems reps and indies. I like it so far.
Either I've turned into or 100 words is way less than it sounds like!
": "Injest only what you can lest you be forced to outjest to much of what you have done" #StDrunken"
Thanks for the shout-out. Glad you're enjoying the T-Facts. If you see a good one, feel free to re-tweet! -the Team
Oklahoma, you will be dearly missed. You have supplied me with so many amazing people that I hold dear to my heart! LOVE!!!!!!!!!
It's difficult to physically mail something. Ingredients: pen, paper, envelopes, stamps, address of destination, and mailbox.
Happy Birthday!
suck sum dummy
Omg wut did I miss!
Im only a freshman...the fuck was i thinking?
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you. Not someone who is very good with just the word, "sorry."
PANEL INFO: Out of Print & On-Screen SIS Founders Rm #OPrint Moderator
Merry Christmas you sexy animals. We <3 You
Lions take Suh and Best. Great 1st round, however Best would've been there at 34. Mayhew panicked.
mo..mo...im a chicken lol
Liking it so far, and it's a quick read. Not sure it will have the same stranglehold on my dreams as Game of Thrones did, though.
I'm on 2 Zertec and a glass of water!
Last day of work before #vegas4thekahles. Spending it daydreaming about
i hope! I barely remember them!!
Great article.
“: Your motto is You Only Live Once? Thanks for identifying yourself as a whore.”
"what will it do to your biz if the standard mortgage becomes 20% down w/750 credit score?"
Yes! Must play and the last couple times you have found the cash icon in no time! We are excited to have you play again!
you time.I know all this because you see my wife has early onset Alzheimer's disease, it has been 5 years now,
RT: Some cars should require the driver to have a mullet."
hopefully when the Astros move to the AL, they'll ditch the ugly uniforms, logo and color and go oldschool
how can u run clock with a 1 point lead?
OK, this time from the right account: Maybe try kicking & punching, too? We'll hoist a glass of something in your honor, buddy.
#p2 If all these so called "job creators" really wanted to crate jobs, we wouldn't have a jobs crisis.
Friday FRA Funday! Go gray team!
we gotta hang out lady
Ah dude I think I'm going to die from excitement!! just followed me! #dead Ah I LOVE YOU!<3333
Now *this* is how you do a halftime show.
DOT to hold news conference today on I-39/90 Project - one of the largest highway projects in south-central WI. NBC15 at 4 p.m. for details!
Too bad for that was a must have game there.
stellar, I'll practice this during my jog tonight
GREAT day of recruiting, next years Mens XC team is looking solid! Commitments & LOIs Oh My!
": check email"BET IT UP
Have you stopped by the booth to check out their 2011 vehicles? Plus grab some free stuff! Thanks for being here.
Hope y'all are enjoying your swanky #WHCD parties. I am home watching Michael Douglass movies eating takeout & couldn't be happier about it
How to stop Rangers? If from New York: Braden Holtby. If from Texas: Rain.
Please follow he is an incredible human being, wisdom beyond his years...
Your #business is never really good or bad "out there" your business is either good or bad right between your own two ears
Is this for a game? Sounds mysterious.
thank you for introducing me to i don't know how i went this long without knowing about it!
Internet issues. We're working on it.
Calling all magicians and magic lovers: Who wants to help us get to 100 followers today?
Happy Mothers Day Peeps.
See you folks at Jovitas this Wed. Lucky Tomblin Band at 8p and The VBB at 10p.
Now playing: Jesse McCartney / The Best Day of My Life.
4 more hours to kill
Mom has informed me that she wants a pair of gold earrings for Christmas after losing her other pair earlier last week.
Jeremy Lin thinks that this Peyton Manning this is getting too much coverage.
Cheapest rates in town. All CC & cash accepted. Less than 10min wait city wide Seattle! (206)722-7696
Getting Ready For The Party
I am so blessed to have my friends, writerly, artsy, Austin + Brooklyn girls making movies, penning articles, takin no prisoners! <3 y'all!
we're so much alike -___-
Im to happy. Who was making jokes.
Busting up a starbucks...no actually at the drive thru. So suburban of me.
Whats a sista gotta do to get to follow me?
was so thirsty to be apart of this friday shit, that when he got locked up in twitter jail, he just hacked account
love it, Did you get the txt :)
Just gotta get a 44% on this test today at 1, and I'm a free man!!
- I got plenty mothafuckin"
I want one of him on a patter. :)
Hatching plans...
PLEASE DO A USTREAM
#HungerGames is INCREDIBLE. Truly impressed. Nicely done #JenniferLawrence. I sincerely hope to work with u one day. You truly have a gift.
Don't think so Kevin. I shared a cab with another conferee. Cost $30.
Up way to early !
AW you so nice :)
Just ask Bud Selig #2002allstargame RT : Tie games don't sell tickets
Haven't been able to reach anyone in the midwest for the last couple of days...it's like there was a blizzard that shut everything down!
send us some of the rain. Need it here in Rochy imagine!
Thanks buddy!: : sports info. for pure awesomeness. for movies. Expert photog
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
Look what you've done.
i caught a frog! #hypetweet!! im naming her lily <3
Meatloaf mashed potatoes and corn for dinner
Music should be your escape. Missy Elliot
oh true. I kind of tweeted out before you said anything. Very un-courteous of me.
yup! Ayee we bought to have anotha fun night or what? 
Happy Mothers Day to my loving, kind, strong and amazing mother! LOVE HER! <3!
re: US-France film exh. That was my first question, too. Sounds like those in copyright will only be displayed in reading room?
word on the follow. Digging the tunes.
Thanks for the shout out.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??
FF! We appreciate you guys!
Im lovin all these fights on Viddy!!
Punctuation is your friend. Yahoo headline: At Last Singer Etta James Dies
#stm2012 ivy Anderson making a great point that Wikipedia & Google can be valuable research tools
wow.. who falls off a bike..
after a two hour meeting, a large fry is definitely a necessity.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Friday Fish Fry! Stop in for delicious dessert samples too, yum
record "you are my sunshine" that would just be loverly!
Alex, just let me know.
We are - Thanks!! “: way to interface w/players. Businesses make player branded games, apps..."
I'm annoying.
That's the one exception I'll make. They can say "run don't walk" on Black Friday only. ;)
Regs fault that 100 points scored - no defense allowed
yep colds can be sneaky
Happy Holidays!!
i just met him yesterday through who i met briefly from :D i just make friends quick i guess :)
Thank you! RT Special thanks to our friends at Wells Fargo Advisors for a great lunch and donations for !
I love the workers at the market. They're so nice.
so bored someone talk to me
If I could get in trouble in more today >:(
Sure. So who's doing the other 1:30? :) Maybe a Twitter call for 3 more segments?
I'm so lame.
OMG, that's just ridiculous man. Her body is just insane. Makes me believe in God lol. Thank you for showing me that
Either way, I want it between the spot and the six.
i just ran into a chair..
Thank you and Jack Joseph Puig!
REPHRASE!: I'd suck someones peepee for a pair of KILLER Red Bottoms and a Michael Kors bag.
I miss friendster.
To everyone who can be called a Mother, Happy Mothers Day to you! From all of us here at Beach Cruiser Town.
RT : Just wrapped up an interview w/ and at the Dove Awards Pre-Show ()
Samoas cookies. serving size=2 cookies. Really? 2? just 2? Not the whole box?
Richard isn't supposed to say P2P in public. It's like having one's slip showing.
You are never given anything that you can't handle.
This 2.5 hour yoga class better help how I'm feeling
no. but ive been educated now
RT : #AHA2012 Sinclair scraping text online an important skill for humanists - just a minimum of coding
We all want to wish you a very Happy and Safe New Year! Be safe, and have a blast. ;)
“: Only for a lil bit lol” shit it's been since eighth grade as far as I kno lol
And don't blame Red Hook. McLovin yes, Red Hook no.
np more to come got my tickets and looking forward to a lip smacking good time
What she said----> : Robin Thicke *swoon*
Bridgestone. Like tires.
and...don't get shot, seems simple
god he's hot
Midday on the Bay with Rona Kobell: reigning in storm water, saving Back River Thursday noon
Cant wait for you to see it! RT : Can't wait to see it bro!
Indiana win kinda expected with NCC the foe. Who is NCC? Exactly.
thanks for hugging me at the premire and loved the new
Awesome slides!
Did I ever mention how awesome is? Because they are. Only people I know who rave about their bank are fellow USAA 'ers.
Worst. Pain ever RT Now I'm Omw to Walmart to get orajel...I gotta get this tooth pulled or somethin
Glad to be getting a bit of unexpected St. Paddy's Day celebration time today!
I seen u at the bus stop.
he seriously pisses me off, I get embarrassed for him!! 😳😳😳
We had a major release of WordFrame Integra software platform recently .. will update the account here with the latest achievements soon
it is. Yes it is. #justinbieber :)))
Breaking Bad is too good
/abc ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts Interview avail
Yess we do. Like seriously. What are you doing this weekend?
Yes! RT : Nothing makes me cry tears of sadness like a history book on an amazing topic drowning in bad academic prose.
Kasra & André Seirafi: I realize #MW2012 ended without my making it to the booth. If you're still in town Sun. AM, let me know.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
“: I enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.”
Hah, my first thought when I read the tweet was that maybe #THATintern just couldn't find way back to their desk
Have you heard Valen Rhodes? Her song Cherish it gave me chills. Check it out.
was bold and re-tweeted I have permission now.
i'm excited about attending #alamw11. downloading the scheduling app for my android now. great job ALA
lol we are ready for you Mel :-) I thought I heard you singing!
so happy my mom loved her mother's day present and card :D
": Proud of my brother "----Thanks sis. I preciate dat babe....4 real.
have fun :)
Make sure to check out Rexford's blog at rexfordwarnock.tumblr.com
never say that to me again.
I guess ICC (International Criminal Court) is only for the countries without nuclear weapons..
SingleStop and CUNY celebrating their partnership today at luncheon! Watch for more!
look at you...tweeting like a pro.
I got your post card and it made my week.
“: These next moves I am making won't even make sense to a lot of people but watch what God do... You should favorite this one...”
How you Grown as Hell but still get on Punishment?
Hello Friday... Oh, how I've missed you!
cher! you're gorgeous!
Hey Myspace can sync with facebook now!?
Hello Love :)
So upset because I haven't got a package from yet with the webcam :'(
I am not crazy. My reality is just different than yours.
(...)should I cancel that and pay for it in app? If I do can I use Premium on more than one device (not simultaneously)?
RT : Highlight of today was using "bloviating" in context, referring to myself.
I just realized in your first vlog together you played the titanic song just like in your last one. Just thou ...
I want to meet the one who produced #SAYSOMETHIN with
Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares Life-Saving Safety Lessons - Sacramento Bee Survivor of Holiday Lighting Accident Shares Lif
BIG NEWS:
I swear to God, my intentions were GOLD.
To try and better read headstones for transcriptions, use mirror/flashlight & take a picture! Photoshop can work wonders & clarify. (2 of 2)
Thanks again! We'll be in touch!
I know some of yawl look at beyonce baby, then look at your baby and think damn what the hell did I create.
:3 i hope the cat pictures never stop
got it. i was thinking about cooperative learning - i can see the teaching part in a couple of them.
Telegram from = day making.
"We Still Live Here" by Dir. Anne Peacemaker, is about the "Revival" of a Native American language. Airs tonight on Lens.
Trying to get 1D concert tickets!
put it in a video, then delete it later ;)
What's a guy gotta do to get some music gear around here!!!!!
West Michigan actually was an affiliate of Oakland from '94-96 along with Tacoma, Huntsville, and Medford
I'm reading Stranger's Child, love the first section, reminiscent of Atonement.
PINK PHIL will attend our first fundraiser tomorrow! We'll document and send to u!
No thanks.
RT : It's hard to celebrate the new employment numbers knowing that Peyton Manning is still without work.
5 of the 7 candidates are here. Trayvon Martin forum
My graduation outfit D O P E !
One of my favorite parts about #MeatlessMonday? How good meat tastes on Tuesday.... eggs w/ bison + chicken sausages for breakfast m
you might check w/ since they work a lot with musicians + health insurance, if that's an angle yr taking.
This is my first
sounded awesome on #SNL :)
Haha its so much fun!!! LOL! Whats your username?? Im looking for ppl to follow haha
: I doubt it!
and after His death upon the cross all those centuries ago, He (Jesus) rose from death on the first day of the week, conquering sin and....
They could - but I'm thinking UK Wildcats are stronger. RT : So do you have UNC winning the title :)
sorry for the late notice, but I just got called in to work. Can't make our game :(
Just printed out 3 years worth of writing. Just wrote it and never looked back. It will be exciting to see what I wrote. or disappointing?
must follow now!
Ah, well, yeah.
Guess its me watching tv while he plays on his phone...
maybe NO one was seeing my posts, unless they were tagged.
7 in the morning. And I'm awake. I need a cuddle buddy. Home tomorrow. :D so ready to see my family, friends, and boyfriend. :)
Bord to death
Wow...what a hell of a game lol. #CELTICS NATION
“: song of the day: NO MYTH - MICHAEL PENN” I effing love this jam :)
lol, I've been watching Melrose Place season 6, Vol.2, since I've seen all of the 90210 seasons lol... I'm hooked on MP:)
WOW! Literally 2 months off here! I missed you guys!! Sorry for the little hiatus but i'm back now!
Laying up with your boo watchin a movie >>
If at first you don't succeed, blame it on somebody else. Then try, try again.
Just realized how much I'm going to miss the beautiful foreign boys of Boston. :(
Faith and hard work is what brought success to Orphan V.
been a minute..keep in touch
I like him,but I like him,but I like him,but I like him,& I like him.But I like number one the most.Confused yet?I am.
damn im tryna get in the shower and my mama won't let me!!
Imagine Trey songz with blonde hair O.o lmao
That moment when you feel really pretty but no one's around to see. :( SECOND DAY IN A ROW!
Check out tweets. She's having knitting emergency! :-)
We r working on NJ and if u know someone who wants to open in their area please let us know!
yeh u can see on my followers :)
Im SO ready to mosh my heart away tonight with <3 tonight <3333
What's future of aggregation, , robowriters? It's all about getting more people linking together & sharing
Ay Youve been on twitter for a long time follow me dm me something Plz
God, he really liked her.. He followed her all the way out with his eyes.
Maybe black and white is the best medium for landscapes, I don't know.
Thanks everyone for attending - feel free to reach out if we can help. Look forward to more API conversations in the future!
“: San Antonio showed the world why they have the best record in the by dominating the game.”
#FF these talented artist
Watching MLB Baseball.
Nice!!! I like small sizes! Have a great day... xox
Happy Mother's Day from all of us Nerds!
Looking for some #WHOOTY S & HOTTIES 2 help spread the #EDuBBVirus here in Tampa! If you are interested get @ me...
#sea If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
NIGHT NIGHT
that makes too much sense!
City of Madison landlord asking for another months rent security deposit ($600) to renew a lease after living there for 2 years.
I'll be happy to blurb it for them, if they give me a pet direwolf.
stay up ma nigga #SOSA BANG BANG
I'm feelin so exhausted tho...
why dont you elbow him?
Good Morrow To You & No Problem Lady Gina...
Letz get together n do sum shyt
erica whats wrong?
#chartership Hello! I'm Kelly - a Library Assistant in an academic library. Haven't started yet but want to so following along
business administration.
It's kinda like a unicorn, lots of pictures on line but no one has seen it in real life.
thanks baby! s/o to your for getting the word out! RT : S/O to my History Professor
Can yall please follow me?!
There you go ruining our fun!
"ONE FETUS TO RULE THEM ALL"
The USA Gov't is a treasonous bunch of turn coats hell bent on the destruction of liberty
Is anybody else ready for winter to be over and spring gardening???
Are you taking Fish Oil? Too many benefits to neglect it! Hieber’s has a variety of Metagenics fish oil products in stock right now....
it's all going... moving changing churning rising and falling... how about you? would love to chat some time. miss you. xoxo
She Just Called My Word Ugly -__- .
just a floating pyramid...maybe a floating mountain?
Great C.S.A. (Casting Society of America) meeting in NYC last night. Thanks Kate!
May 3 – 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage on Duval St. will be open
Always sad when something beautiful ends. But it means something beautiful begins.
lol girls suck. boys suck. I'll stick to cats and dogs
It does more than keep my beer cold!! Over the top, but kinda neat.
are you still at the hotel?!
Re the eclipse the same applies if your midi heaven (10th house cusp) of ascendant is 0/1 degree of an air sign
Your fears are the hiding place of your greatest triumphs.
Already on it!
Ole, what fun workshops with Antonio. You can still sneak in tomorrow for Baile &/or Palmas starting at 6:30...
I hate that these nfl insiders are tweeting the picks way ahead of time.. kinda takes the fun out of guessing
Beautiful spring day is no match for Red Bull urban assault vehicle full of chodes playing tacky hiphop and house music. Thanks, fuckheads.
thanks man!
Thank You! Be full of hope & expectation today! After all, it is the day that the Lord has made!
Choose love.
will be visiting your casino & Tripple 7's Pub Saturday night for the first time with friends. We are all coming from MN.
If you like Check out !
my hair was fake as fuck!
Last night in Miami beach so the usual trip to joes stone crab...
Retweet if you sleep good
Cheese Curds and Big Birds!!! :-)
Back in RI for the weekend. For laffs I put WBRU on the radio. 1st is Smashing Pumpkins then Beastie Boys. Like I never left.
lol aye its better than nthn. but yal gon b gettn a few grand n a min
well played. :)
Sorry gang, didn't mean to ruin anyone's 4/20.
Betty's Family of Restaurants is now The Columbus Food League! Follow us here:
The writing was always on the wall. It also appeared on everything he ever touched! Silly me
Happy Holidays!!!!
#JustHeard on NBC-5 Chicago commercial: "Rod Blagojevich has a new job in prison"
Watching the year without a Santa Cause :) classic
Come on clippers!!!
yes it is!
Just gonna say it: I miss working alongside old man every day
remember when we saw the league live and taco sang the birthday song
I love that you score high on "English Misuse."
Played basketball in the pool with
not our rules. What in the world did you do??
You're super welcome. All hail the thirsty wench! :)
Lol karma. Sorry I'm not sorry.
Read that 50k people have died at the hands of mexican drug cartels since 2006.
What are your most memorable experiences on Twitter? Oh yeah. That one guy said hi to me. I said hi to that other guy.
Oh yeah. 4 and 5 piece bands should just fold right now.
live in my fatass life :D
BBQ looks great - glad you tried it.
Happy Mothers Day
Careless world album >>
Why would anyone wear one voluntarily? RT : The fat guy in a Bartolo Colon jersey at #AsFanFest may actually be Bartolo Colon.
It seems most people think of computers and phones when they hear the word "technology". Do any of you think about cooking?
Great. A nice long security line at the airport. Just how I wanted to start out the morning.
will Fesenko even get any minutes? or is he going to only come in when Hibbert and Lou are in foul trouble?
Love, love, love. That is the soul of genius. -Mozart.
Burfict flunked the pre-draft drug test?? NO WAY!
Also, when people said "bless you" after you sneeze, it sounded like everyone said "blush you" o.O LOL I still say it like that too =\
need me a wonderfully flattering and adorable holiday dress to work my 8+ month pregnancy bump or should I say BUMPS!
Jessie J - Sometimes Dreams Come True (Unreleased Song 2011) - Send to friends
Rain! Yay! Forgot what it sounded like. It's beautiful.
Fun... & having #studyhall at - anyone else in #MKTG118 heading to tonight? Referral bonus?
Money talks!!
thanks baby (:
One Step Closer To Starting My Career If I Get This Job !
oh my god! you look good brische
ipad with Verizon LTE would be nice. Wonder how the network will hold up.
Puts on his T-shirt and turns light switch off.....Goodnight peeps✌
last I heard had retired, because getting a Master's doesn't leave spare time. Co Petition is good!
no problem. Hope you have a great weekend too!
if you say so Mr. Malone or is it Malong lmao xD
Running into lots of old friends...that's the marvelous part of
I'm just cool like that ;) Besides, us and are doing the Montreal road trip some day
Getting ready for the #RAWSupershow tonight at CONSOL with ! Mr. Laurenitis, you sir, are an ass!
thanks to me, my friend is in love with you & connor franta. She thinks you're all sexy. lol
- surprising that the paleontologist line didn't result in that kind of behavior
Thanks for the #ff love!
My credit card company closed my account because I didnt verify my address after living in the same place for 5 years
RT Follow Fabulous Females Friday!
The bus smelled like yellow mustard.
blah this summer is going to be crazy... graduation. college orientation. lifeguarding class. working. school ... idfk
:-) RT : not leaving my pickle behind
but iam defff downloading your app when i get it and christines getting one soon. soo she'll download it too!
Hi Everyone, what do you think of our new homepage? We always appreciate your feedback.
WiFi is simultaneously the best and worst thing to hit NYC museums since tourist season.
Hey would it be possible for you to follow me please because Imve. Tried so mny times, and fail....please Justin...I love youu
Internal service quality begets external service quality.
sure am..
check it out for sure. The chrome plugin makes link sharing a breeze
I wish I could go to coachella :(
I want an Iphone tired of my Blackberry...
just woke up from nap. So far feeling better. May attempt solids soon.
RT : "It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you are not." Denis Waitley
im finna text you...
Terrible 2's got your head in a spin? Join us for Time Out, Positive Approach to Discipline sponsored by June 4th...
FDMF huge sub penn play now in effect
Thanks so much for the mention! Happy Cooking, Patsy
I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting -.-
Whatever it is you need to do, today is the day to do it.
Camas, Evergreen, Vancouver and Washougal schools closed today. Raining in Portland.
Happy Mother's day my lady.
Spraypaint can in hand, off to to contribute to the community canvas (in alley behind rio Rita) Will post photos soon!
Thanks for the RTs you guys :)
She said call her back but I dont know her house num...sm-h Guess I gotta learn that by heart now
Hey! Just sending a nudge, is the meeting still happening today? :)
Karma always delivers. Just wait. You're next.
Who is trying to watch the OKC vs Lakers Game tonight?
I'm sorry, but i can't "go to hell." my restraining order states i can't be within 100 feet of it.
O i need a workout buddy too!!
Its snowing and I was just watching it fall wishing I was as pure as snow.....my Heavenly Father would be so proud of me
Instead of feeling bad about the #SKC loss, I'm feeling sorry for Montreal Impact and the pain they will receive on may 5!
whoop whoop =)
Thx, have a super fun #FollowFriday and a fabulous weekend!
What's your favorite part of the holidays?
I don't blame the agencies for pursuing this as a PR activity (but I do blame them for not making it one).
yes fresh coffee and beignets as well
(bryan) ...and you can follow her on her personal twitter account over at
Had a great time at The Hank Stewart's White Linen Affair. What a blessing!
Please stop labeling it a 'convenience charge' there is nothing convenient about it.
Bike ride tomorrow from Georgetown to Great Falls, slight chance of rain, strong chance of FUN!
went to your link but got a "forbidden" message
Going to call it an early night!!
what are you up to tonight in SEA?
we had the honor of seeing him on
LOL Where the hell were you during my first marriage??? :)
No prob!! Welcome to Twitter.
RT : A1: Needed exp to gain exp. Now great story tellers can create a searchable body of work prior to a job.
did I hear right? The Domino will be at OVW next Wednesday night?
A colleague of mine is processing a group of stills from Gregory Peck's first movie. Made my day!
I think imma start lifting weights this summer. I've never been concerned w my body, but uh, things are about to change lol.
Any chance you'll help with "Don't Sun Our Buns" project to tint the windows in the rabbit room?
(Via ) ...Can I have it back next time I'm Here? In Sept? -Nope. I like reading it.
rhythm was a dancer
Chainmail is the fabric of OUR lives. Loved the iron maidens at
It's never too late to make things right
Freeman is the real deal but he is currently being over drafted...I would urge caution to all those who select him early in
Hey guys, sorry, I was going long & didn't elaborate. got it: "unscalable for as long as possible."
I really dont like any of our presidential candidates.
how did they change it?
“: I want to publicly thank my presenting partner in crime at #RETSO, the wonderful ! You are simply awesome!”> SPECTACULAR!
So we just started a Pinterest account. What do you think we'd be interested in? Post on our facebook and we might add it!
.. and now scala! ugh
accountant ShawnQ takes 7 on his first golf hole ever...
as someone who grew up in the texting gen, I'd say I've only seen 10 of these used. This is highly exaggerated.
Tracking some bluegrass and gypsy jazz today. No click, no headphones, all one room. Refreshing.
Have a great holiday! RT Alright people, I'm checkin' out of the office for the weekend.
good luck with getting this city council to do anything but look after themsevles.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
Mrs. Spradley just got on me about always being late to school, thought she was gonna break through that glass & kick my ass. Lol
what's it called when earl scruggs has a problem?......
Rose out next season... RT : Cole says timeframe for Rose’s return is in 8-12 month range. Sometimes shorter, sometimes longer.
Happy Wednesday!
"Happy BirthdaY"
Strive For Everything You Believe In
I remember i had a flip phone & thought i was the shit ! Lmaoo !
you're welcome. Looking forward to the tweets
It is what it is
Give a shout out to David Schwartz & David Chamberlin, story tellers @ Mon's season opener, Under the Influence. 410-332-0033 for tix.
Saw Avengers n Safe n loved both of them
Oh. I LOVE the semi-dried tomatoes at Skappo. Worth a trip to NH for those alone!
is that what we look like? (the fans? ;-)
I can't wait to move to Fayetteville.
The chances of another miracle comeback just dropped.
Obviously. Who thinks the key is anything other than eating less snickers and doritos?
Maybe I can hurt feelings sometimes..ehh be careful what you wish for
not impossible
It's Friday! After a rainy Thursday so we are trying to get caught up & have no appointments available today.
Good Morning World! Today is going to be an amazing Day
How was Old Jews Telling Jokes?
Working w/ Dir. Jonathan Silverstein, Great question 2 ask yourself for an audition 'What about the character is similar to you?"
130 cappers with their FB pks posted today and consensus on the birds & Un and CFB game under and back Friday..See ya at the window
Oh Brett Lawrie, you crazy s.o.b
#HOP is the definition of swag, swag isn't something you get instantly after buying a pair of Jordan's and new clothes.
Looking for independent music/entertainment publicist for new biz opportunity.
Dang. No power again!! Someone tell me how these games are going !!
the article on the "'big' weakness" is so wrong that it's unbelievable. Have you ever watched a Spurs game?
Agreed, #STEM edu must have context. What role would #afterschool programs have? Many get intersted in sci that way.
There is no such thing as inaccuracy in a photograph. All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth. – Richard Avedon
Haha, thanks! And it supports #Irene victims - that's a good reason to wear it. Guess lady didn't know ;)
Thanks. She was a sweet little lady.
Kitty Purry? :p
we got snow today...for about 2 minutes
So you're saying we shouldn't make everyone at Open Theatre after the directors a VP?
That was an error, the "never let them log off" function isn't supposed to debut until next year.
I'll bet that took some planning
Broncos defense has been playing pretty good today.
Hawk cares.
#HappyBirthdaytoHarryStylesFromTurkey I hope you're all happy. live long and happy, I really like you,
no. i miss you the mostt dear.
You're a good friend! Thanks for the advice! :-)
Just ordered our Turkey online. What did people do in the olden days?
Happy Mother's Day! Treat mom to a wonderful meal today and show your love w/a heart shaped cake!
yeah ill be in it :D
Bro, my mama finna piss me OFF !
On the way to Big Wangs Hollywood! Come join us!
The Bellmen will be playing tonight at Cedar Street Courtyard for a chance to wina #SXSW show.
RT : I am who I am. Who I am is me.
Did you go gta-ing today? ;D
Excited to be learning from the staff of next week about their work RE learning through interests.
i could never really pull off a puffy shirt...fyi
Won two games of mum ball #duh…winning
Big job interview this morning. I'm really nervous :/
Congrats on landing John Wall! I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate you coming to UK and doing this for us!!!
"MADONNA is the QUEEN of POP" is a Twitter trend? Really? Y'all are that shallow? Give me Ronnie Spector or Mary Weiss any day....
OPRAH's PICK: Her pick is Michelle Rhee for #superintendent in #Newark ( Creator of WaitingForSuperman.com)
GL and Byron as well, even if you guys aren't expert folders.
Wrote like three songs tonight....
