good stuff! Though maybe really auto-tuned? I wonder what it sounds like live.
"You're never given anything in this world that you can't handle. Be strong and just keep moving forward."
CMU brass quintet performing in the Heinz Hall lobby before tonight's concert
you're good.
"i'm gonna keep you not connected"
night! have a good sleep(:
ok time to figure out Instagram
i know miss those days!now its like i get on when i can...how u been tho??
you smile i smile :)
Robert got wish, the old group is getting back together O.O
She was an amazing artist!! She is terribly missed!!
why are you holding up peaches> is that what we do now...we hold up peaces?
empty vm and call me. Smiles
Hahaha, we have come so far! NO TIMESHEETS!! ::gasp::
is an awesome guitar tech for #thecelebratedworkingman tonight.
oh ok how old r u? U might be a lil too young for those days
In journalism class, an investigative reporter told me that a story is never finished, and keep following up.
Hey, it's Jennifer Grey and her original nose!
Kerry Wood is a case of greatness robbed by injury. He truly WAS great in 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2008 and 2010.
2012 #DECALDA is officially over! We're all excited to hear about the impacts you'll have in your states and provinces!
baby im not FROM memphis so dats y
Not much, you?
Total gas leak: 'Abandoning rig was hardest ever decision': THE manager of the stricken Elgin platform spoke for..
whew, picked up lunch and made it back in time for
I'm a glass-is-always-full kinda gal.
can we party this weekend ?
if you want we can scrape it off, either way we can keep walking.
Getting our men like "Whaaaaa?!" 
thanks for the follow crista! check out our music if you havent yet :)
See. All it took was a nice letter to #Orioles. Great job, !!!!
Ugh Cleaning , •______•
A pleasure, and adore the mit (aka cat / kit) pic!
mandey need to call me...
Thanks so very much!
If Florida State goes to the Big 12 I wouldn't know what to say smh
"All men want real love, but we settle for easy pussy until that right woman comes along and saves us from ourselves" is the truth!
Jon Miller's play-by-play is a real joy to listen to while driving through despicable Kansas.
goin to the dragon boat fest at riverfront park soon. in a shitty-good mood.
« who tryna hoop , lol me & finna go outside & shoot around .»
If I say "bitch please, I'm a scientist" to my boss, how likely am I to get fired?
Whooooaaaa, down in Mexico. I never really been so I don't really know.
What's your high/low bowling score? Getting ready to walk into the lanes.
Some Behind the scene photos are posted on OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
OM Tom...hope all is okay!
Oh, & Me & Hanna are TANtastic...
section 203 row d and section 207 row n, my friend and i got seperated ! ~16days<3x~
This 108 degree weather is just too much. Man, oh man.
the evil gay elf is in the library !!
&still havent even started my homework..
sometimes mediation is merely a tool for starting a conversation-mediated a case last week-impasse-settled today. I call that a success!
I can be your IT department :)
Get home at 3 and the dog wakes u up at 9.
contact us.
“: My dad always curse me out about something then feels bad and apologize 5 mins later” he's a good dad
#truethat RT : Btw there is still a war on women.
Aggy right now!!! Y bother! It's like talking to a wall, a really stupid fucking wall!!
they all followed me awhile ago too but I just followed them...Matthai: 592 Sack: 4
No doubt. Miss you & Acentos crew! My classes at Columbia started up again-all day Saturday, but soon as I'm free I'll visit. xo
I'm Mexican and eat at Chipotle because sometimes I just want to order a burrito without having to sound like I just crossed the border.
Just under 24 hours until Bike The Drive!!!
what do I want? Do I really get to pick??? I think you already know the answer...
YOU may want to follow for the latest in holistic pet care!
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
very nice! thx for passing on - Blooms analysis chart for integrated learning activities bit.ly/oRrugY
Forks become hot after dipping them repeatedly in frying oil.
Lol at my friends tryin to see who can give themselves a hickey the fastest
Yeah I like you but I'm NOT giving up my guy friends for you they were here before you they'll be here when your gone !
SO to for showing some love!
do u know what is wrong with him?
“: Always prime. #SwagUp RT“: Puma store stunting”” I need to be ISVERA stunting soon though
Trocadero was amazing tonight thank you everyone
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Raffi Torres just got his clock cleaned, several times... and he deserved it.
Bmore designer and developer friends: stop by WebSlam at U of B anytime tomorrow between 9 and 5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
Today, I knew the answer to the Final Jeopardy question! Always a sign of a good day.
Spencer's Corner Mrpookie show 6861-c Green Oaks Rd. Fort Worth, TX 76116 It's at ridmar mall across from nieman Marcus and the rave theate
"A little place called Assn."
Thanks so much for caring about the well being of He is a great guy & we are all thankful for everyone's prayers!
So your gonna be all grown next time I see you? Haha
Just found out my Pop has skin cancer and he's in the hospital getting surgery, and my uncle is in the hospital, too, but idk why..
will be out Tuesday
Thanks for the follow Martin!
Summary Box: Handset arm sale lifts Ericsson in 1Q
hi - CPS is the Center for Public Service - white building at 81 New St. Plaza
already do. that's pretty much my life. we gotta make a pact to try to not fight anybody this weekend
Thanks, man. By the way, was shocked to see that your little boy's beard has been so slow to come in.
Are you an all-around fan?? Join us! http:/on.fb.me/zLJSGn
Oh shit.. It's 2:17am I have to go to bed,. Well good night everyone < 3
thanks - and what awesome pictures!!!
Probably one of the top 10 realist things to ever be said.
My brother is IN that movie! He was a bartender at the club back in the 80's.... Crazy indeed - Used to sneak me- I was 15
thank you baby ;)
Any scratch and dent chest freezers?
Hot tub party tonight!
Tune in! RT : Also, I'll be on WOSU at 11 this morning to talk about the end of #DADT and the path ahead.
''this is the best day ever!'' why? '' bcuz we're celebrating you, my mommy'' cutest kid ever!
"You can't love someone if you've been going out with them for a week" STFU. Who are YOU to say whether someone is in love or not?
RT: : guys who drive trucks with those ball sack thingamajiggers hanging off their back bumpers should not be allowed to vote.
Join us too!! RT I want in too lol...when I get back...
Remember, they're probably just being nice because they're guilty about talking shit behind your back.
Someone attack some donuts with me😁
It doesnt surprise me that my ex doesnt talk to me anymore, all i ask of him is to stop friggin staring at me, wtf?! You have a friggin gf!
they have those here 😱
When my mama and her siblings compare they kids <<<
Hope the Nuggets win
Two-thirds of all drowsy-driving crashes involve people under age 30
indeed it has! Good news too! :)
FEATURED ARTICLES : Distributed by
Psyched to actually get to Deruta, instead of just the Prada outlet, as we did on Monday. Though a pit stop there isn't out of the question.
watching pawn shop on history good show
like that will happen
I feel so sad that there is such a long line waiting to meet the Kardashians tonight.
U're invited to the party!There would be a WWE section where everyone would have2 dress like Archie Char's & then have at it
I am a bit surprised, but I've not yet seen a "good as it should be" e-course tool. Mind you, I don't look very hard.
Interview Time! Leh Go!
That. is. ridiculous.
So I finally realized that the person @ work that has been making my life a living hell is.a passive-aggressive personality...
hug the hurt, kiss the broken, befriend the lost, love the lonely.
With Jessica Simpson pregnant, her current figure makes her look like she was already an obese cow before conception.
Not a problem! Sorry i didn't follow you sooner! I'm really glad you liked our show though :]
124......damn you pituitary gland....
and I doubt All State will b asking them to do Good Hands commercials!
some people are so ridiculous
That is fantastic.
Giving up on social contact mgrs like Until they can learn from the crowd and auto-clean up a contact they're not useful.
#Classy RT : hey , i'll marry you for some fake titties. so will the new girls next door?
I think it's garbage.
“: I'm home.....time to relax and get ready for Thursdays at in DC” look forward to having you back
Working out of the studio today...always making improvements there...sometimes I feel like a carpenter.
That totally pissed me off.
While we're listening to the Hangin Tough Tour show, what are your memories from that tour?
Run for your lives people, has a new "voice"
i know its been a while!! definatly!! :)
yes! It's a gift, for sure, and its good to be grateful. I'd love to see ur next CA show, is it the Newport Beach one, June?
Capistrano Unified School District unanimously votes to fire 3 football coaches, including Eric Patton, amid allegations of bribery
a quick reminder to all of you at AdTech: advertising is serious business.
Yes its really early.. Good morning..
well when I get on I got you you can work with me...
21 and sunny in Chicago
Thanks for the add
Was surprised to see how disconnected and unfocused Manny Pacquiao was in his fight with Marquez. Great job by on Freddy Roach show.
I miss the snow...when will it snow in Los Angeles?
Unknowingly walked into an event at Sephora. Thanks for the complementary champagne!
Indie movie quote of the day: "All right ramblers, let's get rambling!" -Reservoir Dogs, 1992
yes it is.... We go down every year to their conference in Salem - Refuge
Hoodies designs are in and on the way to the printers. Should be up and ready to rock before XGIVING!
At a spontaneous Kris Allen show at a blues club at The Mirage. A pleasant and unexpected surprise. Intimate shows rock.
shout out to @
We certainly hope so. Thank you
That is a striking image. The blue Tetris-y building in the background is an arresting contrast!
yes. I had the biggest crush on him in 5th grade. He was in apple.
wuz amazing :D does bobby roode have a twitter?
Q1 Not sure I agree with this - perpetuating gossip surely just does more harm than letting go & getting on? :/
In line for my road test
Hope ya'll had a Merry Christmas... Can't wait to see what 2012 will bring! I know what I'd like to have this year lol... How about ya'll?
Thank you for the RTs :)
alright so what we going to do y'all
He sure the hell is.
i will be at Luxe cincinnati tonight raging my face off with the Dj mixx off between Dj haze and Dj kombat
Of course I do. My room is right next to the umpires room. Where else would I live?
ok hey!
yes you do.
haha you're good man. Thanks for having us over!
In 2005, Citigroup's brochure urged investment into a “plutonomy index, The World is dividing into two blocs the Plutonomy and the rest.”
You never followed me back bro:/
Ouch....humorous but no cigar.
New video being uploaded!
Studying for HOPE. :/ I really hope I pass.
Coconut Macaroons? Freanch Macarons? Cake Balls? Mini Pies? What's the next "it dessert"? What do you think?
Sitting on the runway delayed in the 1st 5 minutes of a 21 hr flight to Finland.
it was hot, we were in the gowns and hats, lights baring down on us. YEAH.
Having a problem in finding articles to match vocab words for Alabama. I have used search engines. Do you have any suggestions
": Michigan Teacher in Hot Water for Using Tea to Break Up Fight" hot water...I'm dying from laughing. Your too clever
Why do people brush their teeth in the company bathroom? That's just nasty!
wow:) how tall are you??
Believe me I hate to say it, but the Tebow train may me too much for the Bears to handle this week, our ship is sinking without Cutler/Forte
BREAKING NEWS!!!! Turn out a beautiful Shinny day so #Franklin Park Will Be!!!! We'll be with you tomorrow Navy Yard
Domestic Day $1.50 domestics tonight! (via )
I just wanna sleep....
I have amazing friends <3
Waking up with a headache is the worst
Feeling like today might be a great Day!
how are you? :D x
OH YES!
Woke up this morning without a completed grad project, no lollipops, no phone, and a bench warrant for my arrest...
just checked to be sure.. already done :-)
um ms k
yea! and i broke up with andrew... and zach texted me being a jerk. the only guy i like right now is (;
: Um, he lives in Akron! lol
I do it cuz i HAVE to...
I haven't been to the grocery store in weeks... There's 3 carrots, old rice & pickles in my fridge...
Probably killing the excitement of opening day for myself this season, but I'm stoked for a weekend of #sfgiants #springtraining baseball
Look at it. Look at the color....IT AINT MINE ! Jordan wrapped it up...that how I know you lien !
I love Drake Bell;) but I love Jeremy too<3 my heart is big!
Wow, just saw a crack head not be on crack and she looks normal enough
Head out to "The Cotton Factory" on 5440 Penn Avenue for Tee-Rex, 6:00-10:00pm. Unblurred in Garfield! TODAY!
RT : To read more about Love Modesto and learn about Sierra Vista Family Resource Drop-In Center view our blog...
oh yeah I confused the2 Wilbur wood ,hoyt Wilhelm was the other one
Best interception I've ever seen!
Omigoshhhh! Still no AC! I don't know how much more of this I can take!
Good day ruined.
Let me rescue you, ill fill his shoes. No more tears running down your face
unequivocally, yes. ha.
PMD healthcare panel: Healthcare is going global, & its going home. More of us will B treating ourselves w/ intricate medical devices.
Tonights weather makes me wonder why Des Moines opposes the homeless building their hooches?
FF Working for young children in MA!
yesterday my 20-month-old neighbor and his nanny got hit by a car when crossing the street in a crosswalk. please watch for pedestrians
Every year marks a change for the better 2012 is no exception..
Only if we can be on stage again. , can you make that happen?
Actn like u an angel when i KNO that ain the case
how fun does that sound?! Anything with the word 'Armenise' in it guarantees a great time!!
Hmm. I guess people do still want invites. Our own has 2 invites we'll give out tomorrow. Follow us & send link to folio
I appreciate it--I'd even like 2 look at samples of thorough metadata if you can provide. Not even sure where 2 look!
I miss you...
I didn't want Mahler 2 to stop tonight. Amazing. Thank you Soundcheck = best deal on the planet for students.
#FOLLOW &'&' ILL FOLLOW WHOEVER DOES BACK .
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club." --Jack London, American writer
Thx! We have groupon Now deals running! Try us soon and let tweet us what you think :)
NLC Council on Youth Education Families meets in DC; co-chairs Mayor Dean/Cclmbr Steine discuss 2012 Creative Partnerships theme
gosh, i love my pandora station.. thank you pandora!
Having a good week back at the gym now that Dr. cleared me from my 2nd C-sect. No Excuses just reasons to go! If I can so can you!
RT : Artists Intel is NEW YORK
Sounds good! What are Vegan ribs? Hey guys! Vegan ribs are back!!!
just stop..?
Did you know Cure Pals is a safe and fun social network for kids and parents, to connect and support social causes?
Teixeira K's for the first out. -.-
Twilight by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Falls for Vampire...♥
GAME TIME!!
I will keep tally by how many shoutouts I get :)
i will u too
would it b unfair if I answered?!
So Many Strains today...All $40 an 8th...No TAX
Based on comments on Facebook and Twitter, it seems there are lots of Virginians watching the live stream of VA House proceeding on judges.
Is touching my nose with my tongue something I can put under special skills on my application?
I've heard guyz saying ma condom broke. Ma advice is alwayz make sure ur condom is double strapped only if u don't wanna pay child support.
Whole day affair at the car dealer =
dont cry *hugs*
I'm sexy and I know it (;
lol geez. took you long enough to understand.
Big day for ! Be sure to stop through for a coffee before enjoying the best Japanese cusine that Baltiomore has to offer!
what a great weekend to be in nawlins
we already follow them ;)
get it done and over with lol it's like advertising cases and pr cases ... Very dreadful
I'M CREEPING. BUT MAKE ME A COPY. PLEASE.
I'm very grateful. Nice post.
Great to meet all of you who came out to say hello at the NY Comic Convention. It was nice to feel each other up a little bit. Turtles.
Basketball is a game of matchups, Baylor is athletic and long which is what UK has over everyone else. This will be a tough game.
But learning can't happen through SM if we don't do more than disseminating info
That's great! It gives you instant feedback I suppose. Today I cut down on sugar intake. Reduced sugar in my morning coffee
angles are pretty tight.
Look at the new locker posters on their merch site....no :(((((
MoMA Abstract Expressionist show has many #famous paintings. A sampling rather than a survey of this era. Worth seeing.
#LiveKelly what ever happened with replacing Regis? Kelly needs a permanent co-host. She is better as a side kick.
Got detention, cussed someone out today because they were BULLYING.
Hey Johnny! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
I never fail to be impressed by the solidity of the stunts! And tumbling off tha chain!!
Haha awesome! I'm doing good, how about yourself?
Patriot League represent?
right especially if it drop on you lol
Floyd may be BLEEDIN but he ain't falterin'.
Nice of you to say so. Thank you!
Spain? Oh, Wow! I'm sure it's "virtually" possible. My fingers are crossed too!
What a crazy day in the city with the Giants parade!
Good morning FB! Time for the best Wednesday ever! Let's go!
Checking emails before I go to bed.
Dear guys, when they say "look for what is inside of a girl", they mean inside their heart, not their clothes. Sincerely, girls.
i am sorry for your loss RT : Try not to say this for the obvious reasons but it's time to
#AllHailAle. Centennial hop plants that were just 1/4 in buds last week are now 3 ft bines. I'd best get started on that new trellis system!
RT : #Q2. Would you cross-post between platforms? Why or why not?
Hay.....tweets
Do NOT forget your dirty Asian book and vita mango pls.
Feel better soon. will we see you Thursday?
Hi Steph. It as at the Kendall Town Center Branch. Have a great weekend!
Congratulations on your success, Stephan! Color is a stunning album! Thank you for your solo piano contributions, Wonderful!
follow please.?(:
all the time lol
Watching #TheVoice on , Love the show now!
Breakfast: coffee and the Wall Street Journal or a protein shake and ESPN Magazine? I HAD BOTH. Coffee at 8 and ESPN at 10.
Great new Lofts available in the Investment Building! Pics coming soon!!!
we got this darlin.
We get $40 Bush #tax break and gets $4million vacation in #Hawaii and $41 worth of dogs treats
Very energized and inspired by all the info and ideas that came out of #prsache Thanks to all who organized and presented!
Does this person not realize most people peer review for absolutely no compensation?
RT : Women's Soccer: The Quakers will play Villanova at PPL Park on Sept. 9.
My voice. Ya, it's gone. #Coachella sign language rest of the night.
You know you're a married man with a kid, when you say PUSS N BOOTS is BADASS
Anxiously awaiting Zubaz pants to come back in style.
Your mom.
How's the zoo treating you? Keeping Colton out of trouble I hope! Or keeping him IN trouble...Either way, it's a full time job
do you still need a ride?
it was hilarious but I don't think they suck at acting I just think they should have had more lines
Also to your sense of irony, it would appear MT : Twitter and pursuit of popularity contributing to the death of journalism...
Good Morning and Happy Monday
W/ or w/o the short hair? RT I meant Numbers Never Lie. Either ways shes >>>>
EARLYBIRD submissions (lowest cost of the season!) ends March 30th! but don't worry the season isopen til October if you are still writing
Oracle Introduces New Sun x86 Servers -- the Industry&#39;s Best x86 Platform for Oracle Applications
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
Everybody is an alien- yup presenter just told us that
ZOMG! What IS truffle oil made from then? Do I want to know? Lol.
I gotta pray every time ron shoots a 3
Big Eats at Ward's this weekend. 106 oz. & 125 oz. Prime Ribs finished! Up next...160 oz. Ouch!
ayye put that pic on twitter
what can I say? Maybe your right, maybe your wrong, you're entitled 2 your opinion
will be, ill make sure u get it before we "officially" release it next week though
My give a fuck is broke
I've stopped being a winey little bitch. Until something bad happens then who knows. I really really really hope I don't start wining again.
I'm trying to find out for you exactly where to go.
thanks for having us on at work
WeLoveRianDawson because he is hilarious!
IBM melds crime-fighting, big data analytics in one security package
what up homie
my neighbor just told me the same thing...too bad!! I'd love to see you...I'll be down there helping out!
She's a material girl ~ she's everything I need 💜
ATTENTION ALL HOG FANS: & Westboro Baptist plan on protesting the funeral of Uekman.
Thanks for the shout-out!
2012 is an important year for many reasons.Cheers!
Crickets throw their voices.
Are you performing a concert? Interpretive dance? Inspirational speech?
I Need Of Activities 2Do
Pig 'n' whistling it! #hollyholla lol
And get rid of hair on any part of my body that ISNT my head..
scoreboard! Im still awesome
I've never been so lost in my mind. I don't know what to say or do...
Oh geez i bought my tickets on for last night but is letting me see Mark Morris tonight anyway! THANK YOU!!
Loving the theme of God fighting for his people I'm seeing in Joshua this week. He is for you!
THX for the RT! There you go being awesome again...
no I did not. thank you for your service. I appreciate it. Black republican is far from an oxymoron. It's courageous and right.
RT At age 68, the Death Panels finally catch up with
Congrats to all the graduates today including my cousin! Way to go!! Now go to college and learn more.... No really.
is this your new venture? Love it
You playing with my emotions lol
What a great flick to watch for that class. And a flick better get made this summer.
Remember if someone tells you their your right hand ~ they can still smack you in the face with the left ....
Feeling suicidal today? Try a bike ride in Back Bay during rush hour!
Thank god for A...in and out with a new ID in 5 minutes. Definitely didn't wanna sit at the DMV for 5 hours!
Congrats Dickey on climbing Mount Kilimanjaro!! We are proud of ya! Safe trip back home! LGM 2012
If I ate myself, would I become twice as big, or will I disappear completely?
So you want to be a singer in the business - what are you marketing and to whom?
no matter where my reckless soul takes me, baby, you save me
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
we are apart of U can go to iheartradio.com and submit your music to the website. It's pretty rad.
hilarious. Beautiful countryside out there. I think the T was quite a destination back in the day.
i know ! :S havent been on in a while haha! :)
Can someone RT me an OLD SCHOOL Radiohead single? Thanks
My 3yr old son ask me to squeeze his feet smh
omfg I tagged the wrong person but I seriously love you right now ahahahah
I feel like I haven't seen you cross my social media radar in forever. Missing by a sliver, I imagine. Hope you're well. :)
Kuechly doing a great job in the Panther's Press Conference. Although he is sweating like I probably would.
glad your flight made it safely to your destination
BUT OVERALL THE VIDEO WAS AMAZING!
Colton Dixon your perfect :*
So happy its lunch time been waiting all day to make this vegan avocado salad dressing I found online
All my bitchess listen up. Go stand on the corner I need money(; hah jk
": #RememberLadies before u meet Mr. Right u have to go thru Mr. Fake, Mr. Player and Mr. Asshole...." Thnk God I found mine
Any word on BOF lunch locations? I want to go to 's New Modes of Publishing table
Know the media: local media with cover local disasters, leavng international coverage for national media
nothing trying to get my lazy ass up
Im giving weekly lectures at Mareka's in Studio City. Every wednesday night. No cover! Check out my website under EVENTS for details
I love [title of show]! I worked with the book writer in college
Research in Motion - who gave you #BlackBerry - fired all of its big wigs, including #NHL owner wannabe Jim Balsillie
LOL. You too, Nicholas. Have to grab coffee sometime. Have a good weekend man.
On Duck Dynasty they said "haters gonna hate" and I automatticly thought of 's quote "haters gonna hate,mahomies gonna love"<3
Research: Neuroscience research; and community-of-practice research grounded in arts/science practice
Yes:) thanks for Tweeting me<3
everyone needs to follow comedian He's super
I'm with you. I wrote 20 pages yesterday, only 5 survived my cuts.
It's actually the last name of my boss (Gal Shweiki). I have ribbed him for over 10 years for being so vain :).
CANT WAit BRO !
My mom contradicts herself like every other day. But this time I finally think she's found her marbles
Ron Artest is one of the best defensive players in NBA history. Period.
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
IT"S SUNNY!!!!! PERFECT DAY for a SMOOTHIE!!!
I'm not a mom or female so stop texting me Happy Mother's Day!
Awesome and thanks for the advice as always
you are but i will deduct 1 cent per each bed bug missing
is proofing transcriptions, looking for summer housing in England, and enjoying the last day of spring break.
now let me see it ima sight see'a
So...somebody...tell me what the name of the hotel was in the suite life of zack and cody. #cantremember !
Just placed a January freshman at Babson College# Government internship in Boston. International student internship# arranged his home-stay#
"Your destiny is shaped in your moment of decision."
great game tonight jay-r we enjoyed you playing here this year youll be missed. good luck in the future go ducks!
most people are close minded, open up
With the 38th pick in the UFL draft the Omaha Nighthawks select Jeremiah Masoli
What has worked: class in programming ActionScript, grant to fund CS students at Medill, team-based project interdis class
... however, improving tackling techniques may lower HS FB concussion rates (20%) to approach college FB rates (10%).
Goodby so entertaining. Bemused that, regional or national or global, advertising is still advertising after all.
Rumors and lies? I done adapt to it all.
thanku for following me u guys rock
love you more Bre!!
Who knew?
Bah. Too late of a notice. I would love to be there but can't. :(
loved the heart to heart! The three of us gotta go out and do something reall son
Cool. We should time sync & meet. Don't b scared. : )
Yayyyy for Cinco de Mayo!!!! Can't wait for tonight!!
Missed you too! RT : Missin my frandss wish I was at guilt!
Need some ciroc in my life.. maybe some music ..
The guy to my right has the same headphones as me! I got mine for free, but they're really nice Bose earbuds.
The health care industry offers a constant stream of work.
Up early to take care of some business. All day giving it 100%.Run,run,run.It'll all pay off. ;-)
Hysterical. RT I plan to cry later tonight so Leap Day William will definitely be throwing lots of candy #30Rock joke.
Hey Michael! Happy to be your 8th follower and looking forward to hearing what you're up to here in the Twitterverse!
Where do I put the 4 Brad Bergesen t-shirts I have....
Microsoft Word spellcheck is not a fan of Cormac McCarthy's neologisms ("roadrats," "bogfolk") or distaste for punctuation.
hey will you please follow and me??
sorry :) I was getting my grub on!
I love when you find out someone is talking about you through another person.
um yess! lol i was just talking to looper and kevin about how i miss you, like 4 hours ago. =D
Speaking of which, putting the finishing touches on credit card processing. We'll be looking for a small number of venues to test it soon.
JUSTIN BIEBER IS NEXT HE SAID NOT TO MOVE..........
that's what I've been saying! they haven't responded to my many emails yet... RT Peet's should sponsor you!
we need some office treats for Thur. and I collectively nominate you Evan!
glad u noticed :) RT: I adore (little big burger) right down to their little plant based straws. Earth Day fast food! Yum!
Join us April 15th for Flavors of Wisconsin 2012 hosted by The American Liver Foundation! Chef Mitch will be preparing a 5 course dinner!
Rosie I want to make mash potatoes but I forgot how to can u send me instructions pls
Morning Eminem Fans =)
sorry I was in class and K dm
I'm not saying the Dems don't pander also, but watching the US Republican "Presidential debate" calls into question my faith in democracy.
": is beautiful tonight!"
Cool, its pretty easy and no $ involved, just for fun. You don't really need to take it seriously. I'll get back to you.
Rehearsing for a reading of "The Architect" at The Lex! Performance Nov. 17th, come see us!
thanks for the
Gift certificates for studio time are available in red and green.
you do? :p
RT : Awesome tweets to
Last weekend for COMPANY SHORTS...just 2 shows left. Seats still available. www.theatrecompany.biz
#IVoted and you should too. Number 2 in line. Would've been number 1 if it wasn't for my wife.
Thanks & Gig 'em! Much appreciated! :)
A big welcome to our new followers
New #Jakeandamir video costs $3 to watch. It just might be worth it... >_<
watchu mean y?
I'll keep you in mind. Thanks
RT : NPR has the unique ability to bring the discussion on the Smart-Grid to regular person in language they can understand.
Been here for 2 minutes, and I look like I just played the hardest soccer game of my life...
I'd take quality followers over quantity followers anyday
Home Depot with Tim. Need a new clothes hanger bar.
Both. Really mad I stayed up until 12:30 am to watch the Pacers debacle. 30 offensive rebounds? Jeff Foster for MVP!!??
Worst team in the league this year. Only 6 wins, 3 HE wins.
Ski the Slopes ultimate winter swingers vacation for adult couples looking to get away for some sexy adult fun. www.ski.swingfestevents.com
it don't matter just look up the price...on everything
Lakers ain't playing no defense!
RT Damn yall Heat fans is tight! Lol but if this was my team playin like this I would be too! >heat lost
Long shot #AAASmtg missed connection: Smithsonian rep @ Fri visualizing climate session--interested in sci communication best practices.
Thanks for the helpful info!
Front-Street chicks.....
Don't worry you look 20 something. Age is just a number as long as you take care of yourself and don't act like an old fart.
I Need To Stop Being So Abusive . . I Keep Hitting Guys . One Day They're Going To Hit My Ass Back & I'm Going To Get My Feeling Hurt . Lol
LOL! Say hi to mommy for me hun, okay?
no, when did you send it? Feel free to resend to or
It's '$1 off Draft Beer Tuesday'! Come in & try our summer seasonals.
Only 1 sleep till winter is over. Goodbye cold rainy days, electric blankets & umbrellas. Hello spring! Bring on the warmth & sunshine!
not a chance. I don't want Jason to come with the home.
Yikes. How do they define "young" RT : RT : Young people-14% of population, account for 58% of total costs of car inj
Temple Grandin is on twitter! Follow her at
true. I have done it like......... 8 times. What a shame
Panda Express 👍
Come one Patriots, quit screwing up!
Congrats to one of the smartest, kindest, and hardest working men in the music industry. Get on with your bad self,
Dr. John Krell did a good job for me
Avengers was an awesome movie!! I'm going to find me a Captain America tee asap!!
I couldn't even begin to try spelling that or I would have replied the same!!!
It's a little disappointing you didn't go in. If you tell me you don't like them/didn't like them, I'd call you a liar
I'm gonna get up my regular time tomorrow and hit some stores before tutoring.
#Devils and #Knicks couldn't be playing more opposite in playoffs right now. Expecting Devils players to repair fire extinguishers.
A leap day isn't as exciting as it sounds.
HATERS: thank you for all that you do. as a result of your actions, i am on my way to becoming the best version of myself
you're welcome! :)
I hate to say it, I'm no longer mad at #LeBron, the #cavs are coming around, LeBron is a good player and I'd welcome his return, if he does
The MSA listserv is a pretty sedate place, but every once in a while something sets it off. This time around: artificial light.
#NP Tell Me Freestyle
": Gotta get out this bad mood I'm in .. Smh 😡" .... I got you fam. we drinkin after your session...
And fall into my arms instead :D
Relax, Dallas people, Mark Cuban will save you from the tornados.
RT : officially unveils the #middlemarket indicator, the 1st of its kind and first for #OhioState at
how can you justify the #ravens going to pittsburgh for primetime EVERY YEAR!? you can't, look it up!!
Lol he's crazy “: Lol wtf is up with this sub ”
You're funny.
Oh, goodie, midterms are over......Crap, I have assignments and quizes next week....
It's funny how something so simple as thinking can keep you awake..
AC, which sounds more comparable to a query capturing interest, yes?
im ready to cut some grass
on my way!
you are AWESOME!!!
From Vince (4:20pm): Dodge Co. warning has been cancelled. Storm weakened below svr limits.
I'll just have to get used to paying attention to the pix! I guess I do repost cartoony things on FB.
Doing  homework   hate it they have the dumbest questions for math ! Wish I was listening to music 
yes sir! Looking great so far!
has never been a better time to convert paper documents to safe, secure electronic files. And we've just slashed prices to make it better
I need something to pump me up man
Dj's that do work: Follow them!
in my class as of last year. I have A LOT of homework. I hang out with my friends lie every minute I have free. UGH!
what's up babe imu
Have a good day today guys! Good morning! Off to to school! Bye!
Today is the last day of standardized test week in NYC public schools. Kids, go out and play this weekend.
Agreed! RT : Since the Telluride Fest is this weekend, the program announcement today feels like a tease about movies we're...
Ate lunch now time for school ... kinda gotta pee ill just wait..
Love when does my math homework for me... Definitely acing this next test
Happy birthday !!! Hope you have an amazing day !<3
Watching Gilmore Girls and then reading 1984. A Late start is better than never
Hes so Sweet !"*
At the Milwaukee Ballet watching David as Michael Pink's Dracula. Act I = amazing! Act II up next..
Love ya Bernie but there is #zero chance can get more followers that !
phone dying I need a charger
Going for a hike today on the Natchez Trace.. If anyone wants to go call me.
Hi Natalie, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived. DM?
Any opinions on #Makerbot out there. Think we may be in the market for one to go along with our Next Engine 3D scanner
I wanna fuck u hard, i wanna feel u deep---
Uploading a cover of "The One That Got Away" By Katy Perry! Hopefully its up by midnight :p
Its finally Friday #YEE thank The Lord 
Christmas is coming
Great! Glad you like Would love for you to spread the word about it to your network! :-)
In life's storms we realize our own strength, and we understand that the storms were necessary. Live. Mess up. Learn. Live again.
I just love the completely contrived answers. But at this point...it is all like a fictional tv show to me.
I'm just sad you stole my thunder :/ lol
I know i miss it. :(
Awww I cried when austin tweeted me for about idk but i passed out lol
well im gay so my intentions would differ HAHAHA
thanks it has been a nightmare...and my Landlord has made it more than difficult....for no reason...
In loving memory of Barbra and mater my 2 favorite fish that I had for ONLY one DAY!! R.I.P :( ! 9-25-11 9-26-11
they took yerrr job!!!!
The Matt Moberly Watercolor show is back for First Friday! Come down and visit us at YOUR community museum. Free and open til late!...
did u see all that swag then? Lol
"Baby Let's Get Naked Just So We Can Make Sweet Love"
no. I haven't heard that song in so long
Our pleasure, of course! :)
Good Morning Tom,great show.Im from a beer drinking town,with a Football Problem(Pittsburgh).
hey miss missy.
and this flame will burn with the brightest intensity and last for eternity :)
Lips are numb
okay. wait lang ah. haha. :)
We provide #homecare by assigning an angel companion to your home to care for your loved one
S/o reppin for the real female rappers...2nd2none
.. The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!! See ya soon lady
Nice to tweet you! I signed up for you e-news!
is that Domo Kun or a regular old tree in 's slides?
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. -Brian Tracy
Prom is coming up soon!! And now just gotta think of great idea to ask someone, gotta top off last years!!
always makes a day more interesting
Whos going to all stars this sunday?? Make sure you watch IN SEARCH OF SIGHT they are our homeboys and they fucking kick ass!!
why the hell are you up at this time?
See Karl Lagerfeld and Snoop Dogg in the Very Same Music Video: Okay, okay, so they don't share any scenes, but "Sa...
APIs talking public affairs at China Max.
Prettiest, nicest, smartest, interesting person you will ever meet. So follow her.! <333 :)
Easy Crafts for Kids Using Recycled Materials by USAPoolToy
what is what lol ?
Idol... Joshua Ledet should still be there !
Magaluff next year with college pals WoOp WoOp =D
Thank goodness for Sparks Notes!
Gosh Haters need to go die in a hole. You don't know me foo! 😡
It’s definitely in the hype phase now. Useful, but not magical. Like VMware for networking, kinda. Still ethernet.
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
Who watches the voice? What team do you want to win?
Yeah, this should probably be Correia's last start.
Good luck tomorrow!! (Hang in there!!!!!)
Easy reading is damn hard writing. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
this is for those of us who want to keep track of our traffic!
Just another Saturday afternoon drafting 501(C)(3) paperwork... <3
and he has the voice of an angel <3
Good Morning, how was your weekend?
ha yeah
- that made me giggle
It takes a very long time to get glitter out of your hair and clothes.
no food darnit!
m dam gurl u sure know how to make a man get his munchies on ...😝
thanks for the
Just got done with 2hr #soccer scrimmage! #exhausted and #hungry lol! It was #amazing though!:) <3
Happy Mother's Day ! We see you & Will Smith waving at the ! Go #FedExpress!
where are you?
Don't miss our Twitter-view w/ this coming Monday (5/23) @ 9pm EST/6 PST. These guys are amazing you wont want to miss this
Riley and Tank!!! Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank.
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
In a society governed by the rule of law, access to legal advice and representation is crucial, but can u afford it? Now you can afford it.
County exec Ike Leggett, Council Membera George Leventhal and Phil Andrews joined us this evening.
If you call me "hott", I automatically will lose some respect for you.
Happy #firstdayofsummer! What are your summer plans?
OK, fine, I won't drink Dr. Pepper 10. Because I'm a woman. And it's clearly off limits to me.
I am sure our enemies feel the same way.
#Rain is a'comin! Are your wiper blades ready? Replace your wiper blades today & GET $5 OFF! Just mention the Twitter post to the cashier!
Scientists in India developed a way to save energy called reverse tanning and they're not talking about unplugging tanning beds.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous
"theyre gonna beat you, kill you, or overdose you" - harsh words from an abused #trafficking #victim via motor city documentary.
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
S/O TO ALL
So far, we've visited 12 institutions and scanned over 700 pages! Baker Univ.was our last stop; headed to Confederate Memorial next week.
Kate Upton doing the #CatDaddy :O Greatest thing ever lol
Breaking: CPD confirms homicide suspect shot tonight in Whitehall. He is in surgery and stable at the hospital. No officers were hurt.
hardcore! seems like a perfect little outing paired with the whitney biennial.
That was by farthes the stupidest most dangerous thing ive ever done. That was a scare
so many hunger games shirts to chose from.
hahahaha chill. Get over myself? Lol
Merry Christmas everyone! :)
look, we all know that the animals chose to be that way. Especially the giraffes
pain pain pain , stomach cramp ! fcuk it ! i hate it so much !
I remember when you coiuld turn on the radio between 10-2 and hear slow jams.Now i just hear lil wayne cusing me out.
THx for the Shout Out Amy - have a nice weekend!
swept 'em, baby.
Renegades tonight hanging out with my brother and his wife Amber
Aw Looks like you need a hug Around your neck With a rope. ｡◕‿◕｡
#moversli available tomorrow afternoon, Saturday afternoon, Sunday morning times available
of course not. Stadi le. Not so stupid to risk exam.
go to bed.
RT : To all the girls who didnt get this text: Good night beautiful.
Hahaha! ... Don't feel alone. I have these moments ALL the time. :P
when's the recital?
Excellent morning music: 's "Surprise Stefani" on
Happy Birthday, fine sir!
it's Hot Yoga!
John Kerry got A LOT of attention/dissection for his wealth in '04
#OomfNeedsTo come see me
Play being redrawn up for Kobe to get the ball more easily... Beware The Dagger, damn it!
Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away
L&RV2 may be your sweatiest EP to date. You make mention of your perspiration at least thrice
Geez. When is Rootstock going to put smelts back on the menu?
So much work to make up... parents pissing me off
Soul Rebels are playing their version of Sandman by Metallica at the Mint right now! Have you ever heard a brass band cover a metal song?!
yeah that's the bonus track. I forgot about that one, haha.
Q2 we all need a way to blow off steam, just don't do it "on the floor", take it offline or to the breakroom with chocolate
yeah thats good, you can co-own i will DM you the password now :)
Reading Charles Frazier on the iPhone @ Starbucks with Dolly Parton twanging in the background: cognitively dissonant but somehow it works
Out and about dog walking and cat sitting in sunny Seattle weather
Get Avira Anti virus and cc cleaner. Paid version.
At #mashbash at 1OAK at the Mirage with #ces Who else is here.
": I hate mondays with a passion" u and me both
Please send a letter asking the Secretary of Agriculture to implement an immediate “time out” on road-building on national forestlands.
totally loving the new Bombadil album Tarpits and Canyonlands! many thanks Bryan for sending it my way!
OHMYFLACKINGNIALL. Where were you today? D:
look forward 2 it!! you may have to ge a few bottles of wine for after words tho.. and not to celebrate ;)
#WISPAPALoOzaza WISPA trade show rocks in vegas. ISP leaders informing and engaging about local service.
didn't mean to send that yet. I meant in a husng someone cbing 100% over one sng isn't a sign of overcbetting
The only #Tiger I've seen homer this year is Boesch
Good morning Twitter friends! I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!! :)) ! I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!! Tweet you all later!
'Me:OMFG THE BOYZ ARE SO SEXY!!!!' 'EveryoneElse:Wtf are they wearing?' Seriously bro?
please follow(:
Thank you! Saw the pattern somewhere and thought it'd be neat :)
45 min nap in the library? Fuck yea.
i dont know where you goin ' or when you comin '
Hey there , i heard you were a WILD ONE!!
Well mama said, You can't believe everything you hear, The diegetic world is so unclear...
editing editing editing!
Love you #cakeNbake ..
Be friendly with your kids, they choose your home when you are old!
me too. My grandpa worked in a greenhouse for 40 years. We tried his tip on planting small seeds like carrots & lettuce.
Long days, long night. But change gone come...
great food! Thanks!!!
Sure... I will play some Texas hold'em with you on Facebook
If all men are the same, why do women take so long to choose one ?
I'm reading the PDF you sent me ^^
Cleaning all dayy!
I did too! They were giving them away at warped tour but I forgot about it. :(
boyfriend just sent me a pic of his red blazer & bow tie... it's a red out alright! GO BUCKS
Looking for some good, but inexpensive reading? Don't miss our Annual Book Sale on the Metuchen Library Lawn, Sat October 1 at 9AM Be there!
understand! How odd they opened an acct under ur handle! That's terrible!! Wonder how they sent that 2 me-I follow u-not them
Baltimore Police Commissioner Frederick H. Bealefeld, I to reitre
I could prolly set you up with a word press site like mine but nothing coded
Why not rent a flute? In the U.S. there are places where young people can rent or rent-to-buy on contract.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 13
In the morning, O Lord, you hear my voice; I lay my requests before you and wait in expectation. ~RT
I am inside your mind you cannot keep focuz, If i were ah fountaiin drink i would be liquified dopeness
nice to see u
"Dude be quiet, I'm calling my mom!" Person in background- "PASS THE WEED!"
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 5
« ATTENTION I will follow the first 30 people that follow --> <-- Hurry! IM CHECKING!»/done!
": Kiss slowly, forgive quickly, play hard, take chances, give everything & have no regrets.".
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds. Jameson Frank
I didn't know 24oz bottled beers were legal in TN. Not that I'm complaining.
of course, of course
wow loving the videos you can make 4cents 7 times if you look and keep refreshing on the hp an fcdea
Just listened to the podcast with your dad. Very cool. Thanks for sharing!
Chris is cute, but he looks cross-eyed or something, I'm liking Mr Columbia.
If you want a special shout out on #FF just send us a direct message and we will be sure to include you in our list! Share the love!
Booked for NYC. Reading at ZeiherSmith Gallery May 22. BE THERE!!!!!
#Bruins are having such a bad run they went from 2nd to 7th today in the conference standings and didn't even play. Need to get going now!
So UNIQLO is offering me an interview for their store supervisor position in SF.
I have a brother named Flip and once I flopped him. Looks like I FLOPPED-FLIP!
Don't miss out on the #NABEFCareerFair in Las Vegas April 18. Find jobs in broadcasting -media sales, on-air and technology
I understand that Teddy F. found one in the Mekong Delta, 2007
Is it illegal to call an actual play??? random iso offense doesn't work well in post season
Just bought #aerosmith tickets
just got it.
"An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?" - Rene Descartes
I'm sure will not write about Staal two-handed swing of his stick on Carlson. Does he too have a 'Get out of Jail Free' card?
Can't believe I played my last home game
I ran out of my house around a 11 and got about 3 seconds of video of Discovery on final approach. Yay!
or toilet paper
Yes sir ?
I was out 21 days @ 168 different places & unlocked 8 badges in April ! this is an automated message & might not even be read
I'm donating my next paycheck to you beauts! You guys deserve a raise. Keep on tweeting!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
A friend told me today I'm just try to be HBO. (Help a Brutha Out) Not knowing that's my favorite premium channel. Thanks 4 the vote cheers
LetterThree provides customizable solution-based training for your counselors. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Thanks for following! Nice meeting you! Check out & their FB page & post a pic of your guitars!
FREE LAP DANCE DAY FRIDAY MARCH 23rd! Noon to Midnight!
or we could open out bed & breakfast :)
Pssshhh. Women's lax is where it's at.
Going to the gym with my dad!!!!!!!!!!, I don't want to stay alone at the house, my two sisters and mom are gone!!!
Koval Whiskey Tasting: April 17, 5:30pm, $25. Menu includes beef tenderloin slider, baby back ribs & more. Tickets going fast:...
PROfessional & TECHnical. I'm #Marketing. Please come, the nonbelievers will see that tweets work!
no worries! Thanks for clearing that up! It'll be raining there this weekend anyway!
Be sure to get it in an Old English script across your stomach.
A day full of great meetings, conversations, and brainstorming about #edtech locally and globally.
Happy 1st Day of Spring - I think this calls for classes to be cancelled :)
I'm going to fail at this so bad. xD
he's got such a way with words, he's got a voice i wish you never heard.
"How High" You Are will determine How Low You Go.
It made me laugh and and totally mellow, have the munchies and horny and then tired and crash out. NEVER violent.
720 tonight, UWW football tomorrow and Packer game Sunday. Great weekend!
How did you do on the bike?
...unless you're nervous about how long its going to count...seems like a bigger sweat to me
yes very much so. That's why I like her & PM so much. Very genuine people.
Thanks for the mention!
a nap would help her thought process lol
Just hanging out INSIDE a life-sized replica of a blue whale's heart at the field museum.
What is the name of 's music label? Answer correctly and you could win room & VIP table tomorrow!
Where's my pizza?!
indeed i am a weirdo! I WEAR MY BADGE PROUD NIQQUAH!
Holy Moly! Kaylee is almost done reading the Book of Mormon! She is winning our challenge!
carpe diem! “: Letting go of the past, living and accepting (and enjoying!) the present is hard but freeing. #lighter”
I usually advise against looking directly at the people at the table. They want to watch you act, not be part of the scene.
love your designs already. The black sequin butterfly dress is FAB.
Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer & , All Ages, Pay what you want, drink, stomp, and clap with us!
The #GOP would have lost a social-issues election thanks to war on women. Now? This levels, at best, the field in a SI election
I agree... Too bad I can't say that about Kenny G.
Thank you so much:):):)
working on handmade teacher gifts all day tommorow... i hope the come out nice!
This could be a game changer. RT : Numerous sources tell me Prosser will pick up 7000 votes in Waukesha Cty.
if you asked me to point on my body to see where my waist was, I wouldn't be able to tell you cuz I don't have one lol.
you got it!
subliminal = weak
TIP: Limit the Party Guest List. Limiting ur guest list will keep the conversation intimate & evening fun &light-hearted!
87 schools have no "specials" says Dr Thornton, that why he proposes the standard of care.
Tim from www.newhorizonswi.com, is up next to talk somemore about Sharepoint 2010, new features.
physically and emotionally tired. I think it's bedtime
finna make breakfast for the fam i guess
Thanks for following us We like your bio-great job
Coming from the Mountain Time Zone, I CAN'T WAIT for Football kicking off at 7AM! Great way to start the season!
swears I stalked him on his way down to MY OWN HOOD.
what? Where'd that come from?
Congrats to my amazing brother for getting into today!!!
Im afraid to know what is gonna tell us..
I like to picture Jesus in a tuxedo tshirt because it says, "I wana be formal, but I'm here to party here."
hahahahahahahaha. enjoy that.
So far each house presented to us had been placed under contract prior to us viewing. Need networked agent to avoid this ;)
omg. #allday was the best music video...sofar (;
Get to your TV set now! will be performing Live at 9 on WREG News Channel 3! You don't want to miss this!
so ijuss met this one dude like 4 days ago
Thanks for that list of donors. Putting them in categories with clever names made it better for drying my wet shoes.
Thanks! I really enjoyed conversing with the class.
Ninety two degrees huh?
well, it ain't me! LOL
Inbox me ur number
The office has some kind of local, Detroit coffee in the kitchens. I don't like it.
Emma Goldman born today, 1869. An anarchist & women's rights advocate known for her politics, writing & speeches.
the show stacked the deck
which eagles?
thank you Spec
Questions from twitter about tools panelists are using in class: wikis, html, blogging, ethnography, twitter, music!
you're now approved.
My munchkin should be on that plane!!!!
Our fearless leader is starting her intro. It's going.... Well, it's going.
hope u feel better
Just learned we have some serious foreign officials coming to talk w/ our domestic violence task force tomorrow. Reading their bios - whoa!
Sitting in on interview with #JohnCarterCash and host Hank Weinbloom talking about JCC's new book
Why hasn't Steffy drawn back on DrawSomething?! :o
its June 22nd the actual concert and the tickets go on sale this saturday at noon
Today is a perfect day to skip class, make a hot toddy (WHISKEY) and watch the game
call me
make no sense, right? but, bball: 'cos coaches (think 80s pat riley) set bar there. baseball: 'cos it's old-ass tradition.
MT : I'll be on NBC San Diego in about 1 hour talking about the teachers union, concessions & counting beans at school district
just changed the channal! :D
It was more a comment on my inability to go that route, so I was wondering if you really could.
Hunter Pence is out. The Phillies best hitter is now probably John Mayberry Jr.
watchin behind da music about biggie
Change it to "free poodle" and you might be right.
Cox Cable goes out and there goes the Bball games. They will not even take calls!
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. ~Jack London
Happy birthday Stewie! can you believe our boy is 4 years old
I'm looking 4ward to Thrive Lunch at Shanghai Grill this Thursday! Not only do I get to have lunch with gr8 people, I get to eat GR8 food!
Wow that does sound like fun times! I hate listening to myself... I would be unhappy if I had to be on camera too lol!
not really. I might go see a movie or play some basketball... u?
Went to the movies today and saw " The Lucky One" I could say it was good, but actually it was very good! Chick Flik
enjoy the party! Food drive Saturday at the job. I should have banged in like most people! Lol
“Don't criticize what you can't understand.” ― Bob Dylan
Some people asked him amazing questions. Covered the bases I wanted to hear!
You're right (on both counts--ha!). I'm very lucky. :)
please tell me you've seen Carl's new tv commercial. Can't. Stop. Laughing.
Finished with finals!
Stump(Tank) best friend to Sam. how loyal is he? read it in the book Spirit Lance first book in the Native Protectors Series.
Just thinkin about my FUTURE, my Daughters FUTURE and what it comes down to is three Letters.... JTP!!!!!!! is the new record Label on top
Spinning rifle this early in the morning just doesn't work.
We can use some +K in pets, too!
"I wanted my film to have that dreamy swimming in oatmeal feeling" Guy Maddin on his film Keyhole
On my way to for our last rehearsal before opening week - can you believe it?
When will he realize she's just some whore..whos gonna just break your heart..
For all you people who text me during the day this week, realize that I do not have my phone and cant reply. GEEZ
Enjoying some Moon Cycle #Yogi tea.
Cool finds!
Or my foot in your azz!!
any chance I could request an academic favor from you? I need a professional review of a draft syllabus
don't tell me you're broke and then post photos on facebook of you on vacation in exotic lands. it makes me want to choke a bitch.
Who do you keep thinking you want to network with? Spark up a conversation!
Had a great night hanging with wife and singing with my daughter...glad to see her come out of her shell
Wish I had someone to talk to right now :/
lmao yea I do 😂😂 holla at me when u done
u dont know nothin bout that old head
Will do. Tis a fine city.
I just had the most amazing phone convo --- w/ a HS football teammate (co-capt). Small world--someone I met works with him!
try flying as an 16 year old unaccompanied minor with your little sister. Then you talk about how bad airports are.
esp. since you live in #rainy Seattle! RT emergency! You need to get one - they are convenient!
Okay, good, won't have to drive that far(:
Truth RT : Rose on the Roof with next Thursday. Everyone's going.
Teenager in FL. accused of killing his parents with a hammer. Then throwing party with dead bodies still inside home. at 5:30
I hate it when someone borrows your clothes and then never brings them back to you!
aw, thanks steph! i had a blast with you! see you soon?
": Chris Davis needs a pep talk...or something!" Yeah. 2 bad Mark Reynolds not around :)
Let me breathe/for you
RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
thank you for the follows. Very cool. I'm a huge fan. Your show rocks!! Must see TV.
There will be no weekly LOVIEE this week. There are three events covering Friday and Saturday. The weekly LOVIEE will resume next Monday.
hm interesting..
Vidal Sasson. "If you don't look good we don't look good". One of the best ad campaigns. Thanks Vidal!
The heart is a muscle, and what do muscles do when they’re torn? – They grow back STRONGER.
I regret nothing! Congratulations on 1/3!
uh... you need some tweets n' junk...
you don't use that on your beard do you? :)
Good Morning! A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. -Albert Camus
My husband added curry powder to our left over Easter eggs for a flavorful egg salad.
why would you say that? =(
Just a little fib ;p
At the airport. Getting ready to head to ATL
Finally got my hosting back up and running and hope to get my new folio up and running - stay tuned.
After a Chris Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a rushing touchdown. New Orleans leads 27-14 at the end of the 1st quarter.
thanks for the love girl.. Maybe ill come out to your area and check ya out..
There's this one chick at work who always seems angry to me. I wonder if I ever come across that way to other people...
The suffering made it tastier.
good advice.
Much love to my boy Hope you enjoyed the game.
Make sure you two change seats from last night. Don't move if you already have. Barclay keep standing
Horrible end to a BC HOF career RT : Yes it is!!!!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time...
we need to grab a beer soon!
Traveling to Dominica? I know where to stay without spending a fortune!
IM A PUNK IM A SINNER IM LOST NEW BEGINNER IM A THREAT TO MYSELF IMA GET ARMAGEDDON. IM A FREAK IM A LIAR IM A FLIRT
A close friend's brother passed from H1N1 the other day. Just in case you needed a reminder, life is precious.
OKAAY THIS RETARDED LEAVE NICK ALONE OKAAY HE DIDNT DO SHIT OKAAY NOW F*** OFF YOU CANT BE AN ICONiac WHILE HATIN ON ONE OFF THE BOYZ
Just got off the phone with Supervisor Greg Cox. Really sharp, thoughtful guy. So was his challenger,
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30! Let’s see if “Wishful Thinking” can keep their winning streak going!
Gentlemen, obviously you haven't had yogurt. Real, frozen fruit inside.
Flow is primed and ready for Derby
Did you get burned really bad??
Despite working a majority of the day, this weekend was very relaxing - almost like we were back on the West Coast.
i never thought twice about his quitting. just glad to see fla fball go away for a bit. they were so good & fans annoyed
So do I
hey, I just left the camera at EMAC lab with a guy named Kyle. He said he would turn in the paperwork....thanks!
Were you smart enough to think ahead and buy Southwest Drink coupons on eBay?
Couldn't say I didn't warn you now look what happend.
As if rememberng 9-11 wasn't enough of a bummer - I had to go and watch the #Browns today too.
I am going to be so sore tomorrow. Runnnningggg time
#chargers pick #melviningram #southcarolina ALL SEC
My son won't go to sleep. Says there's no school tomorrow. He's 8. It's 2:30am. I'm a broken man. This is a conspiracy. Where's his mother?
We also can't wait until Sunday. It will be a lot of fun!
i wish i could see pix of the new exhibits :/ i'm sure they are very cool!
And just for the record, the girls that talk shit about fake boobs are the ones that want/need them the most. Stfu.
Wow....I just pray for them. Lol
If u look at me and i have mud all over and you think "eww go take a bath" then get tha fuck out of the country. #muddin4life :p
- sounds like another example of awesome United customer experience!
The weather is nice. BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE -J
"Are" for "Our"
so buckets of fun? yay or nay
ya never know(: And I highly doubt they'll ever come to San Antonio. I mean who would?
S/O 2 da Whole 619 & D-Blac , If u don't know about him, U will be Finding Out sooner than Latet:-) BlacFritz-FrontLin3 signing off
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their OWN hands.
Nice! I was toying with "How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Metabrarianship" RT careers beyond card catalogs?
Complaints now the most common consumer interaction at at 48% socapvoc
Friends and family are entering the Beckett Theatre for the invited dress rehearsal of #LOSTINYONKERS. Break legs everyone!
#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.
I'd rather watch paint dry then watch a girls distance run.
there lies the distinction here in California we dont know what a tornado is a good lightening storm is fun until you loose power
Gas $20, books at the #barnes&noble for the kids $50, silence in the car ride home,
Robert Merry: impartial journalism was a product of news technology since it involved sharing stories across diverse newspapers.
ur always so hard on folks!
Upping the rejection ante
So thrilled the kids picked Nirvana to play for their first song.
watching funny people...forgot how funny it is
Hi guys!! if you followed today- repost about #mofones!! This is a totally #artist run project and we need help spreading the word!! Thanks!
chris brown reminds me of fresh prince for some reason..
Screw them - they jealous. Just ploy as you are the lady in UK and doing your US stint!
welcome doll
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker. ~ Ogden Nash
and you have In and Out Burger there… NO CONTEST! I give.
Dont know wether to go with pink and black hair or red and orange hair..hm
Interesting start to the 2nd round
Wearing giant frog slippers in my office becasue I don't have Mammoth Crocs.
Finished the day strong with an incredible songwriting sesh with Anton Peterson. Going to start dedicating myself to music.
Macadabre, please leave :)
plz follow me I know u won't but
Hi! Thanks for the follow! I love The Scorpions!
What was your favorite award reaction at the ?
Burt's be bumpin'
Just watched the latest #madmen show... I get it their trying to make the viewer feel like their growing old. Well played.
It's how I keep up my physique. RT : is that your "go-to" lunch?
sounds like a freak, whats goody?
Weeding flower beds under a holly tree is proof that nature is colluding to take back the planet.
you showed up in the column that says "who to follow" haha
What a great day in Chicago. Heading to the lake front today.
WHEN ARE YOU PLAYING IN ST. LOUIS?!?!?
can't wait for you to come home and help me clean this house or hang out with B.
you make twitter fun again
Thanks for posting -- nice to have a/v of the Sea Organ & Temple of the Sun in Zadar.
At the airport!!
Hello future pediatrician, and welcome. (Will be in/out of the #meded chat tonight)
Difference in vantage points is amazing, but it's true.
"God must love the common man, He made so many of them." Happy Birthday Honest Abe
Class of 1980 we got your back. Return a punt for me.
If you are into quality vidya game coverage and aren't following , you're missing out.
Those majestic trees of yours R 2 blame..just stepped outside here in gov ctr....hole in the clouds..yay....VERY bright moon!
anyone know when next concert will be?x
It's known that Scorpios make great, loyal, intense, trustworthy, funny friends. But @ the same time, we don't NEED friends to be happy.
We want to hear from you....Do you think there will be full NFL season, half NFL season, or no NFL this year??
& we got your taster apps, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events? Thanks!
RT : When we enter new territory, get wisdom from those who have been down the road before.
A ce soir au Living Room!
i def wanna be part of the slide show :)
My man disagrees. RT Besides Mark Barron, I thought Nick Perry was the best choice for GB. Great selection.
so happy that you were able to be there. We will be back - one way or another!
I need to stop because I make it seem like I have No ass whatsoever... I got a lil somethin back there!! Lol
It's 83 degrees.
Happy Monday Folks, Let's Keep WARM Out There!!
Special shoutout to for donating beer to the AIABalt Lecture Series. We are truly grateful to be working with a local brewery!
omg I love the shoutout you gave me in the #outro :))) omg thank you
This is Breck's third trip to the Class 1A title game. The Mustangs have never won a championship.
turned down a chance to meet with the Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate to attend a library benefit. What a guy!
I have no nice words for him or his "unnatural beliefs".
The only thing worse than seeing one side of a political argument on twitter is seeing the re-tweets of the other side.
Everyday I ask what time we get out of class knowing dalnnmm well I know when we get out
It needs to be torrential rain, hail and lightning tomorrow.
- watching TV mad at hym rite nah....
happy new year! Comedy cntrl has been playing ur old school stnd up, Hot Pocket!!!! Classic!
Today, lawyers are attacking more; they're attacking everything. A good example is the O.J. Simpson case
Is #Thankful &
On a tour?
We've met several great chiropractors who tried on our shirts and loved them! Bought some for their patients
Come to Houston G!!
love how we coordinate outfits... Even today we are both rockin taupe. You look gorgeous!
I like the new templates...nice work, thanks!
Girl! You are havin a weekend !
how's it going man? Lets catch up sometime
Does anyone want to practice getting Words of knowledge? Join me on skype: Carlos.Bello507
don't forget your lactaid or you will have explosive trots!!!!!
*She thinks I can't go twice in one day. *My treadmill
Given the way things are going in the second half, there's a small chance the Badgers fail to reach 33.
Watching cheerleading competition!!
Will someone wake me up when humans start acting like humans to each other again?
Landed in Vegas 102 degrees time for Iced TEA!
because of storm damage
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting. You can't.
Speed and Power = Deadly Combo
- u & Melissa are my new heroes. I've had a pain-based illness 20 yrs & to see you work thru the pain has motivated me so! ty
Hitting up CSULB tomorrow morning for a campus tour :) pretty siked about it ^.^
Ha! That looks fun!
Well, if the Velcro shoe fits.......
That song makes me want to slow dance.
wine and red bull. There should be both in your glove compartment
sup looser text me.!!
Brain Floss: 5,000 years ago people believed worms caused tooth decay.
the lowest form of tweeting.
Bought my plane tickets today - heading to the Honda Classic this week with - going to be a great week!
Giveaway starts on our Facebook page soon...make sure you're a fan so you can see the details!
have a safe flight :) <3
lmao i do have them, i just only had 2 of the numbers
i miss my brother & sisters
Need to find a rental company that will rent cars to 20 try olds -____-
If #B1G was looking, the #AAU schools in this #ACC #BE mess are #Rutgers #NC #Duke #Maryland #GATech #Virginia &
Why are you so hard to avoid.
Shout out to for casting a wonderful crew for Fair Play.
What a comeback by the Nuggets & what an epic chokejob in progress by the Lakers. Kobe needs to take over.
Love the library. Went book hunting for books for The Amazing Read, hosted by PlayBook Tag over at Shelfari. Love reading games.
Utah State softball set for season finale against No. 12 Hawaii Saturday - Deseret News
Let's play good idea bad idea.
Wondering why none of my coworkers ain't at work????????
just ordered mine, and I've been looking for a good deal on quality buds. Thanks!
Greatest show I have ever seen!!!!! The comic con is a comlete success for the Outer Space Men. After 10 years of work to see the action
Malcolm Floyd a very key piece of this offense
as would the image I have of a poster that said 'hypothermia sucks' ;-)
glad to see I'm not the only fan of Girl Scout cookies!
Than* (case in point) RT : is the coolest. He is better at life then me for sure.
Any recommendations for a good (and preferably free) project management software tool with dashboards?
So then what you're saying is it's a political statement for you. Like not shopping at Target?
#letsbringback this street team twitter<3 its been a hot minute! ):
Hud Collins on rejected challenge to CPR: "This was a shocker. I was so sure that this is wrong. I'm still sure it's wrong."
Thank you for the recommended resources!
Advice from writing coach: Read poetry before you write paper/proposal. It activates a diff. part of your brain.
Dawes: make public history intelligible to survivors and surviving families, creating archive is our work
Like health care reform? RT "Energy Will Be Obama's Waterloo"
Don't miss Redamte Coffee House Benefit w/ Juneau, Callback California & more! coming up this Saturday at The Loft!
I'll grab some grub... be there by din!
Back to the grind. Summer is officially over.
#NowPlaying Hey Yo by Brooke Hogan ft Colby O' Donnis
Just when u think it can't get any more intense, it does. The way it keeps one-upping itself is almost artful. Almost.
Four steps to business success - step #4: Influence the friends of your fans
Numerous phone calls today from various BCS schools ..sounds like everyone played well this weekend!! Right back in the gym we go!
