hotel lobby at 6:45 to head to pub for dinner
looking forward to spending time in Arkansas this weekend.
My colleg Prep presentation though>>>>>>
bETTER NOT JOIN THE ARMY ILL DIE ! : (
F*ck this. F*ck school. F*ck life.!
short slanted shirt its grey with black
“: Man, that Nickelback concert was fantastic!”
follow me please i love you so much <3 .
agree. Hard work, smart helpful advice and focus.
maybe the browns hairs are making a comeback.
You sure would love that, wouldn't you, Pete?
i know im late but i made it home safe:-)
#ocwcglobal What would happen if classical mode of education was broken down (i.e. faculty lecturing, notes on board, students listen)?
Do not offer a compliment and ask a favor at the same time. A compliment that is charged for is not valuable. M.Twain
Great to be connected Eric! Thanks for the follow.
#LastTimeIChecked this is MY life. You don't have to try to tell me how to live it. Thanks, though.
Still sleepy tho....
yeah, they were really nice (:
Glad to see new things opening! Love the motif and can't wait to check it out!
Avigilon HD surveillance system secures Des Moines Area ...
hey was up
Happy Leap Day!! :D
You rock. We love ya back! RT : listening to we were the kids. showing some love <3
Unfortunately, many states make it difficult to ship wine directly, and Indiana is one of those states.
your welcome.(:
Maybe not an iPhone, or pair of Google Glasses--but yes! Digital-encoded tattoo?
im not sharing lol
I think I'm starting to dig her more and more...so I'll wait like an hawk and when she realizes they vultures I'll come flying
Embracing the beautiful colors of Fall! You are doing a great job Superintendent Garry McCarthy in Chicago! Stay encouraged!!!
We were proving mood lighting for Valentine's Day. ;) RT : Autry Museum- Sarah and I survived a blackout.
Today's pondering: will I ever have a full-time job again? Pros and cons are pretty evenly balanced.
Looks like everyone took the day off today to avoid NATO headaches. Train is practically empty.
Finished moving. Now mommy an daughter day! AWWW
Submission still being accepted @ Thacommonwealth @ gmail n will be posted when new site is up n running!!
Democrats confused after the no bailout line. And that regulation bit. And the spilled milk joke.
the best Christmas sweaters I ever saw was at a Neil Diamond concert at Conseco. Haha. Can't wait to see in a few.
not necessarily Dave, I think he was planning a trip to barville to see you =)
maybe, either aau with him and Anderson they will be solid. Liked the pitch about Parker too.
So cool!! Thanks for the link.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart......Helen Keller
If I do go down in a trial one day though y'all, believe you me I am bringing down with me!
A long time ago.
Ah, the sweet morning sounds of my dog enthusiastically anally tonguing himself
It's probably not a good time to adopt more pets. Then again, when is a good time, once you've reached 5?
nahh I'm a big #lakeshow fan ur not the only one! Lol
Love how katherines just woke up, and I just woke up, but she's at the bottom end of the bed and can't see me so she doesnt know I'm up:).
Ash !! How are you ?
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT U! THANKS
naptime should be an elective
Call night till 8 pm... I want to fall over an passout
i get off at 3
I wish I knew who I was
best tacos in For Worth!!!
This is why we are friends--> RT : Erroneous hyphenation really aggravates me.
'Why did you leave me outside when I was a baby?' 'You were in a pram!' Some lovely people in this world
tad. better see your ass out when shows me the nightlife of FW. Tolerance to be tested..
Come on out to the Britton Pub tonight to see us rock with Another Round and Absence of Ink from Tulsa. Its gonna be rad!
Subjected to trials by ordeal youngsters will be. I use it as an intelligence test and a measure of your spirit. Get It Gone!
Room for one more? Happy Birthday! :)
Aww, so your close. :) how is it over there ?
how? haha. you live in texas! don't they play country all the time? :)
the boo boo
when can we have a Skype date?
I haven't! Will forward along though. Love the name :)
I'm out of control. Seriously. They hide my bags all over the office too...so sad. I'm poppin' over one of these days so stock up!
Just met Scotty. Such a great day!(:
I don't know. We are eating pancakes right now. Gluten free of course. Then the park? Domes? I don't know.
you looked familiar .. so I was like "oh oh.. I know who he is."
I was but I changed my mind cause I'm not walking
I could have made a neat retort but didn't, for I was flurried and didn't think of it till I was downstairs - Mark Twain
It takes bravery to go after something your dream. Remember if you are dreaming it and going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
DAMN I CAN GO FOR SOME HEAD RIGHT NOW
Lol! Of course but that's NEVER gonna happen. I'm looking for second best now.
what i do on monday, the world does on tuesday.
I have been to mostly all of them, around L.A. Did you go to the one at The House of Blues?
If only DC employees had the option to call for a VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE would things be different today in the work place and legislature?
Belated thanks for the #FF !
The Knicks can't deal with the Maverick bigs
POTUS on my block tonight...traffic nightmare. Paul Auster at the Lotos Club; that's where I will be.
happy new year :*
Thanks followed back!
#FREEREESE debut tonight for #THEBANGARANG ... Im goin in hard tonight FYI...who is coming with me? ?
Mike Quackenbush sits down with Greg Hunter for an interview.
_ is my best friend we haven't talked in a while I miss her!
Looking to get into sportscasting or learn more? check out - www.SportscastingSeminar.com
Awesome! Will do.Thanks!
I love it coach Unfortunately in aau ball so far this summer Ive seen too many bad coaches lol. Don't hold guys accountable
Bouta make sum SERIOUS changes!! Attitude 1st
knicks can't keep up with this pace
"Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone." Ha! Good Friday Folks! Voodoo
You aren't loners is you just sit and wait for to tweet. You are just really big fans(; -Brooke
Final Four games start today!
Thanks 4 the follow,
Smell of rice cooker, Mad Alchemy and sun screen = time for a Sunday death march on the bike: Thanks and
The expansion maybe a good idea but your over-simplication is a disservice to the city. We need intelligent & respectful discussion.
Big show tomorrow. Testing two new #recycle art products. Always thinking up new things to recycle. Which means some work and some do not.
wanna bet?
Thanks George W
The green roof & green wall projects continue keep coming, we got a possible job as the 3rd party expert to evaluate a failed green roof
Oh Shane's face is swollen bad. Poor baby!
big big changes coming to Pittsburgh Green Clean!!! Also, new BADASS logo is on the way!
I wish I had abs. :(
Truly Networks launches www.LastChanceRoad.com a social shopping site for guys featuring the most sought after west coast lifestyle brands.
Worst customer service experience EVER! I got the run around from 2 stores and your sales dept. Just trying to use my upgrade.
To keep up with Inside Social Apps conference, follow our Director of Products
I just saw a mouse at the Embarcadero BART station, crawling by the tracks.
yeah, finally summer Just take a breath
Last night was the worst.
There's another Genital Hospital from Canada. If you're into dirty garage rock (a la Devil Dogs) you'd like them also.
Happy 420 my awesome followers <3
This is what a Christmas tree looks like! Wis. Gov. Scott Walker does away with calling Capitol conifer a Holiday tree.
Brought a Nook Simple touch on Friday and I love it. Best purchase ever.
I had a dream last night that some woman cut up the interior of my Range Rover.... Crazy Bitches yo
yeah. 3 hours of study hall. :/
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
He's cute, he's got an amazing smile, he has a great personality. I didn't say his name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
DailyHookahTip#53: Try placing a glow stick in the vase of the #hookah if you are interested in experiencing a cool lighting effect.
I'm afraid of getting addicted to Pinterest.
lol bro I ain't been so mad in my life
no see mom
I saw #WeBoughtAZoo and loved it. Your acting was fantastic and I love to act too. Was it funbeing with all the animals? (:
Whats that filling up the room? Oh that there is my Swag.
Cuddle time with my boy. <3
If you have several topics that could each support their own website, it might be worth having multiple domains
yeah...kinda.. I didnt do anything except eat chocolate bunnys! You!
Whelp. Simone walking into moving traffic just got hit by a car on Greenmount. They are upright but stop walking into the middle of traffic
that shit be feeling good to give back huh?
Nobody gets me like you do.<3
Thanks love I miss you so much too its been awhile! :(
Right now Spurs are being out-shot on 2PT, out-shot on 3PT, and out-rebounded, but are winning by 14 thx to 23 Grizzlies TOs.
Agree, agree, agree. Amazing gown.
Full house at the #ranchobernardo planning board meeting tonight.
Sen. Alesi confirmed he's not running for re-election in the NYS Senate's 55th District
Bob and Tom have nailed it the past couple days.
Do Right to Lifers eat baby carrots?
Missed sing the national anthem . Caught up on YouTube. Spectacular!! Luv her to death :)
I'm fucking dead at
dont wake a sleeping giant jon...ive just got nothing to say
Oh, but you totally made up for it with that 3-ball KG. Congrats on winning the ugly battle,
TO DO's pt 4 Start working w/ a coach today. Expect to work with them every day unless you only have a few words to say.
looked like "a gathering at home plate"...
+1: “: Mine would be doing his Chubby Checker impression and your reaction to it.”
Chicago has been so fun!
Chock full of stars at CBS presentation.
": Enjoy the game! I'll be there Sunday! Go Giants!" <-- thanks!! You'll have better weather than us.. but so far so good!
Boostin my steam
I do, it's SpiderRider3
Took me 2hrs to put away my clothes-
Hannah Montana: Nobody's perfect! Zayn: What about me? Paramore: You are the only exception.
Name one person who is cooler than - I dare you to even try!!
Tweet to place your vote!
my bad didn't have my phone. Cotto
If you would be unloved and forgotten, be reasonable.
on the topic of outlook rendering, <!--[if gte mso 9]> will target 2007 and above for conditional CSS.
I really want to move. Elizabethton really sucks lemons.
naw just get it from rell.
with my niece Jasmine and Jocelyn [[[; <3
what's up tyresha???
it don't matter cuz your hot
By the way hip hop is killing the battletrack Nuff said
I was just saying chad cause anything better than colt but I like rg3 hoping right free agent qbs go to right teams cheapen price
oh my gosh. i love that movie so much...
tim benz talked about it on the x this am. i think he said it will be up at gate 3 at Mellon Arena.
Cause I've been out yelling Eagle!! on my scooter Sasha!!! I swear I just got a scooter n named her Sasha too =)
Being single doesn't always mean you are available. Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart.
#np The Sun Died - Ray Charles from A Portrait of Ray record.
Can't we just get the SB fkng over with?? ~signed GB fan, married to Giants fan, living in Pats country.
How do you finance a startup without cash? Looking for suggestions, ideas, tips.
IF YOURE READING THIS TWEET ME :) LETS HAVE A CONVERSATION ;P IM A FUN KID TO TALK TOO!
shut up. I have fat fingers.
Jersey Beach Monday through Friday & Saturday I am Enjoying the Ocean!
Hi Rebecca, I hope you are doing well.
Betty White Off the Rockers.(: Oh my Gosh, I couldn't stop laughing. :D
The phantom seems best vibe for hip hop. the rolands instruments sound better (piano, orchestra, bells) imo
Get nice prizes from the beautiful Jack Daniel's girls from 11-midnight? Listen to Rick Hornyak from 9-1am here all the way from Austin?
is running part of the interview this morning. Looking forward to seeing the rest!
Good morning!! If you have traffic court in the city today it's your lucky day. I'm voting not guilty on everything!!
paying attention to my bio huh.im almost done with this roit remix of mine i made today
KNOCK IT THE FUCK OFF LIZZY
Hardcore jamming in my room to lol my moms probably yelling at me but I can't hear anything other than the song so.
Saturday night's wedding with my Quintet at the Delafield Hotel was super fun. People danced from the first song to the last.
idk why?! You tell me why!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Go ahead, keep pressing random notes on the piano because you think it's funny. It's Not like I eagerly desire to play or anything. >__>
you have no idea how much i despise that man. he is such a dick. and from what ive heard, likes hiring cheap (illegal immigrant) labor.
aye man shut up
Yes, you have arm muscles, but everybody knows your fat..
Concord poet publishes first collection - Concord Independent Tribune
I need those American flag shorts.
Mark Salling just made me cry....
Well the Brewers now need a new Shortstop. UGGHHHHH
Just wait til it's Springsteen who wins.
Ive never once seen a cyclist follow the road laws here in Boston. Not once. Constantly running red lights & being dangerous
#CaseyMcGehee #Brewers #Pirates RT : Who is your preseason pick for MLB Comeback Player of the Year?
Is that for this summer?
there not selling them today?! Do you know when yet?
"you think I'd get in free since my son looks like skrillex" says the dad buying tickets for him and his son.
NOTHING can separate #YOU from the #LOVE of God.... Romans 8:37-39
no apple chill is n fayetteville
Yay! The Hamster and the Hoe! I am SO there.
It's hot outside. Go see a nice air-conditioned exhibit at a campus art museum. #FF ,
“: Oh hey Sobriety , no thanks! ...maybe tomorrow if you're lucky.”
he made me so mad lol like dude wtf, I was yelling lol
ty so much, yeah, i believe ive tried everything. atleast someone was listening out there. how back was ur accident? u ok?
#TheMostCommonLies I love kids...... You have four .... Well ill call you for a date soon
Prior to you could really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
Sawdy I'm Getting Sick )):
Discussions with while reading systematic theology. Good Sunday afternoon
No this nigga didnt call me the wrong name.! 0_o
People are stupid, that's all there is to it
People at work kept asking what 50 SHADES OF GREY was about so I looked it up. Still just going to tell them I don't know. Seriously, WTF?
Yep I know how that goes!! It was always a race to the showers in the morning before the hot water ran out lol
I somehow got a B. Whatever at least I didn't fail!! Still hate him tho.
Great to meet you as well. Enjoy your weekend! Thanks...
BTW I'm trying to work out errday when spring quarter starts. Feeling fat as shit right about meow
trust no one
At the ripe old age of 8, my heart became a victim of the first 48.
As a Wisconsin Badger fan, it pains me to say this, but go Spartans!
T and I have been sitting at the same light for 15 minutes!!!!
I have to work tomorrow, then I was gone head to my intern...im available in the evening
oh so wish i was just laying in the sun somewhere!!
This bitch sukk.. Glad its Friday
Please stop texting me
Goodnight Pittsburgh
I think I got it working... we'll see tomorrow.
Tuesday night = Ballin Night
im pretty sure u said u hated tht kid but now ur chillin with him..
The best career advice-Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it!
Good morning!!(: <3 you all!!
“A pleasant illusion is better than a harsh reality” -Christian Nevell Bovee
well that's just ridiculous
Going to see Avengers this weekend, but I think we all know this is a Dark Knight summer...
Looking for people to conduct free Health Histories on for my nutrition school! Message Me!
hope you are here!
its going to take a very long time for the world to get past this..
Missing the flyers pens game cuz of work tonight
Saw his/hers yard in UC too. Love it. MT : delivered #Filner sign to house with #Fletcher sign - fun dinner table
working on my nxt article for Examiner.com re which candidates in CA will join teabagger caucus...still steaming from this week's news
Happy that Keaton gets 2 spend next week in FL w/friend, who lives there (havent seen ea other for 3yrs)-while Troy & I are on a cruise.
haha not quite the thriving metropolis you expected huh?
I don't have that number...
lmao no!! It looks just like him though
clown that's not saying I'm mad cuz u won't join team lakers or Kobe clown smh
Nice — that sounds like a great weekend! Have fun, Pete :)
Down to MAN U
hahahaha too bad for you.
Give #BYU credit. They got down 3 and just came out banging. #byu has parnaby's number this year.
i got up so early today! spending time with my dad YAY
Needing to move to another part of Nashville ASAP - if anybody in the area knows of a great place or someone renting- let me know. Thx!
i realized i can't do it all on my own; then i realized that a) God did it for me already and b) He DELIGHTS in doing it.
Blue #powerade day in the office in honor of
Looking at Savanah, Georgia. Want to be near ocean!
GOSH I LOVE MY BABY
Don't call me that .
Friday, May 13th, 2011: everything went off without a hitch tonight, no major issues...
😁 ...Let me know when you touchdown, after you handle ya bizz
I can't believe there aren't St Patty's day cupcake liners anywhere.
is a NY Jet - let the games begin!
my krib is the chill spot right now
I know, right? I want to win!
Thank you!!
My forever alone complex kicked it. Eating ramen alone.
effing love you <3
no sweat 6 mile run then train at WVMMA
I'm on my friends phone .
So like, what's everyone up to right now?.... LoL!! I think facebook & twitter servers might go down with all the Packers Hate Posts!
Tonight the party is at BROADWAY BAR !!! IT WILL BE INSANE !!! $3 U CALL IT ALL NIGHT !!! LET'S GO !!!
#iconf11 productive ict4_ unconference. Is the word 'development' simply a device to connote some level of inequity?
I'm actually not judging. it really threw me for a loop to hear that you're skipping meals on purpose.
Happy #FF Everyone! lists coming up a bit later, stay tuned
Pretty sure I could have an entire conversation with
One Day :D
What are the most effective budget management tools? Who are the companies who are delivering savings that stick?
watching the santa clause :)
Cant wait for these #Packers rookies to get to Green Bay and see what the city is like.
springtime for hitler float.
yo eddie. howz it going buddy?
Funny thing. Spent 2 dys on rural innovations-now will apply same concepts in urban area-solutions just not that different!
Was embraced until it hit Android, now they hate it.
I know I should respect your opinion, but I find that difficult because you're a fucking idiot.
Looking forward to the final season of Rescue Me!
it's cool you just owe me a beer now
Watching Scream 3
that's why he my nigga cuz we agree and always rite
Live jazz brunch starts at 10:30! We'll get the mimosas ready for you!
My Juicer is coming in today. Can't wait to start juicing some fruits and vegetables!
Just ate wings. That's the only way I can enjoy this game.
Happy 16th Birthday to !!!!!!
Love your background. Bless his beautiful heart :-)
GO LOTUS, LET'S SEE A WIN FOR KIMI AND ANOTHER PODIUM FOR GROSJEAN!!!
I'll drag him up there if I have to.
shoutout to that homeless guy that partied with everyone last night.
I agree with you. My tweet was more in response to my exhaustion in hearing the ebook debates in lib school all the time.
haha nice even the #Jabbawockez helping
Getting ready to board a flight to Florida. Tomorrow morning I'll be on a cruise to the Bahamas. Oh yeah!
#Obama and #Boehner could settle #debtlimit debate once and for all w/ an old fashioned staring contest. abcn.ws/qgQjLw
Florida is experiencing the same sort of pressure to alleviate unemployment as North Carolina is.
Thank you and enjoy!
Wise words RT You Have 3 Choices In #Life: Give Up, Give In, or Give It Your All...... What is your choice?
": BLUES SCORE! B.J. Crombeen puts the Blues ahead 1-0. #bluesplayoffs"
#silkroad SilkRoad technology Recognized as Champion in Talent Acquisition Vendor Landscape
I tune That stuff out and I would have walked away as well and called the police. Maybe jail will calm her down.
Trying again...new at this...
Haha, I would have won if I could make a word with a U LOLOLOL. But yeah it was fun. Start a new one. :3
thanks for the shout out! RT : And too.
Attention everyone who has a Mommy!! We have gift certificates available, so you can treat your Mama to a nice Mani or Pedi!
Why two hashtags for #sharp11 / #sharp2011? #confusing. Top-tweeter award a nice idea though...
Um, today's oatmeal in Columbus Arena District is gruel. 10% oatmeal, 90% water. You might want to let them know.
I Know I'm Grown... But I Love To Be Babied:)
F me.. It's going to be one of *those* nights on the return desk...
Oh dear, running that mouth of yours like that will get you in trouble, lol!
Should've called interference on the coin toss.
You have so much hatreed against ! It makes me laugh!(:
do you like my stupid hair? would you guess that i didn't know what to wear?
I just saw a dirigible advertising vodka here in Oakland. Be responsible. Don't drink and fly airships.
Now why you wanna go and wear tennis shoes and jeans?
Just saw "Crazy Stupid Love" I just fell in love!
wow..you put all my drawings to shame..
nope just wait #itsnotover!
didn't help in getting anything scheduled today.
Congrats on the new car! Do you have insurance to match?
Just watched an episode of Hoarders.. Now motivated to clean my room
frankly i prefer the company of nitwits
Creative solution: Disposable plastic bottles account for 20% of the park's total waste, the Nat'l Park Service in the Grand Canyon (1 of 2)
We've got something new...Cheese and Chips for $2.99. Get 'em at Pizza Shuttle.
definitely. And they came up to the big leagues a week apart from each other
chillin my dude
States exist for practical reasons, not because ppl want to play king.
Sweet Caroline ♫
strawberry or grape?
we hosting a holiday FLASH MOB charity event next Sunday all proceed will go to benefit Capital Area Food bank of Texas
You can!! ha! U can talk to any of the peeps u follow!
I Really Should Be Sleep.
All citizens need to be registered to vote in November. If you haven't yet please do so. Encourage everyone to get registered now.
Yes, I'm a pilot. Thoroughly enjoy traveling with the family. Thanks for asking.
OT never kind to the underdog ... Valiant effort
Yes. Howard's hair is chia-pet-ish, but he made me laugh. Howard's an awesome cat name.
MT : In celebration of 25 years of FOX, we're taking a look back at some of our favor RT if you were a fan of 'The X-Files'!
Headed home bound
im not the faggot that came up with hubby!
buyin tix today for #convisorbash care to join me
Pumped for baseball to start this Sunday in Clifton.
WELL????? Are we an auntie yet?
Hey I hope all is well! I miss you guys! Tell Tania I said hello!
"Bitch, I ain't playing! I want my snickers back!" -overheard on the subway
So. Sore. Dancing. Difficult.
Yes, not as cold as in Russia, or China.
foregoing my afternoon chobani for a heineken that was brought to me by a colleague. it's the professional thing to do.
Bummer work is stressful, but that seems to be how work gets sometimes. Good that there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Thx for reaching out! We are set for summer but send your cover letter/ resume to , will keep on file
Says the man who's never not wearing a suit, and has a solid two inches on me.
The San Francisco Giants rewarded general manager Brian Sabean and manager Bruce Bochy on Friday, extending the contract options .
"I am not like most guys"-Danny :P
The American family is a terrorist organization that terrorizes itself lest it be bothered by anything else.
See you tonight at The PIT @ 7pm! Insane Harold, insane Improv!
Every ending brings with it a brand-new beginning.
Why is Coco Bob's closing?
2011 has been a wonderful year.
Alright fine I'll stop being pathetic. Let's hang out.
In Oakland, half the chronically absent students sit in elementary schools, says Asst Supt Maria Santis at
Joel Przybilla's back. Nuff said.
the model shit?
U boys look so much like yo mama's & :-)
So-with a snowless winter what can I do that normally I wouldn't be able to do, or able to do without boots? Hmm..... ideas, anyone?
little white kids love baby blue drop top mustangs i been waving and giving thumbs up all day today driving round san antonio lol
Embarrassing unprovoked meltdown/tantrum from a grown man. Work on making your product better; stop being defensive.
i just realized how much my life sucks whem somalians had to tell me which trashcan to throw my stuff inn......
What do women want? We want everything :)
it's all work
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey
Fuck Settling For Less, Thats For The Weak Hearted
meh I don't mind going for a massive stack against an agrotard in that tourney given the structure.
influencing the influencers
People who spent a lot of time outdoors when they were growing up were less likely to have to wear corrective lenses, a study indicates.
RT : Be sure to check out the feed for #proseo if you weren't able to make it to the London Seminar this week! Awesome info!
“: Here's a tip: put a pinch of sage in your boots, and all day long a spicy scent is your reward.” << This.
“When you enchant people, your goal is not to make money from them or to get them to do what you want, but to fill them with great deligh...
Hilton NYC: $300 a night, no free wifi. That is all.
I accidentally unfollowed Zack. I feel so bad!
Key take-aways: Don't trust companies as though they were public infrastructures and back up your email
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
Things got crazy at Cell Block C when Skivvy got the wrong idea when I tried to rally the troops with my " it's a game of inches" speech!
what? Toe shaving?
Someone who doesn't understand that human nature requires affirmative action for minorities is racist.
Need people to talk to. Why not?
I walk to the kitchen and my dad says , go to sleep yu fat cow . Lmfao I eat too much . <3
who is he, exactly?
Often on Twitter can be seen better than film! =D RT It's amazing how one's personality can be seen so clearly on here.
Having a bad day. Wonder if would RT me or follow me, that would make my day much better
I look back and reflect, on how I could have been dead, but your love saved me instead- that's how I remember you!
Project: UNDERWEAR was a huge success! We'll be bringing it again! Thanks for your support!
oh...i wanna know
I tell myself something along those lines every time I'm too deep in a project.
power back on in N. Central S.A.
Owwww my god my best friend and i am driving to tot car
Get great deals on movie tickets! Only $8 with your VIP Card! Get your card this month for only $20! 619.226.1121
You know you're home when you see that #polishmoon!
150 likes! Happy dance!!! Thank you for your continuing support.
People just don't get roundabouts in OKC. Come on people, look to the left and go already.
aw lucky, & alright goodnight :*
Can't wait for the draft. #vikings trading third pick to
Hope this sun is here to stay. It's bringing me a ton of good luck! *fingers crossed*
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! you made my day! That'll be my birthday memory to share with Castro next year.
Watching "The Darkest Hour" with my City Biddie, and T :)
#Orioles now have the best record in baseball!
Jacob Zuma, president #SA awarderd honorary doctorate 09/23 by Texas Southern University, Houston. Via
RT : RT : Do you think IT should allow streaming Pandora? See what Intel CIO Kim Stevenson thinks....
Yea... haven't quite figured it out either, but I do it right sometimes...don't know what I did different tho'! lol
I heard this on the radio this morning an thought it was cool. This weeks number one song co written by a kokomo native.
Well what mostly changed was going from a creative concept with back of envelope calculations to staff starting to calculate actual cost ...
well since that i`ve barely been able to sleep at night for the past few weeks,maybe these new pills will knock me out... :)
For everybody?
"This isn't a blowout.. It's a bro-out."
Last year.(: you?
It's 11:11 make a wish && say ... i hope i marry Austin Mahone. <3
This is just flat out exhausting.
I wanna know: do most small biz entrepreneurs have FT day job while they're starting up? Possible to work FT while starting yr biz on side?
I just texted you a pic of the imposter
He's Sweet I Know!
when Will I Am dies he should have his grave stone say Will I Was
nothing makes me more relieved than getting every class I need 😍
Clues from Youth, HS and College not just the NFL. Players are taught wrong tackle techniques day 1.
growth, BITCHES! :)
How to Survive Your First Year As An Entrepreneur
We hear you! RT Too early
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 9
Smith Grind FS Flip Out
I'm gonna be hell late to class :p
#elg 60 minutes to produce 1 min of avatar animation! Better be worth it.
decent - but smaller than usual. great group of peeps nonetheless. :)
i know right! sexxxay
blergh. Finally checked for scores...andy r lost. Am sad panda for 2 days in a row. This may require tequilla.
Bro I need to be juicing today like & his queen but I want some food that is bad for me lol.
Cats > People
Great news on the fight against strip mining. Thanks ! That was an uplifting e-newsletter. Hope I can participate this summer.
And I took like a 2 hour nap today haha
And I finally got iPhone.....
thanks!! Its hard to compare to Mr. Tritt! He's awesome
Ready to face the day, happy for a slow weekend, although that still means lots of plans and logistics!
Weird to simultaneosly have Tommy Roe's "Sheila" stuck in my head while not being able to stop thinking about IN DARKNESS.
Starting my day off right with Boy Meets World!
hey dog, did u get the job prospect email I sent. With Soros Open Society in DC.
Today was a nice day in South Florida glass came out great and newly restored good looking
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "i liked you better when we were friends"
The countdown is happening before #enlightenment #event of the year hits #Denver #Colorado be part of the
I get home and the door is locked ): how am I supposed to go in?
Hey, i want flowers too :/
"Did you check your... butt?"
yeah...but trust me...#youlook good ...
There are always naysayers. Somebody has to just keep walking. When I hear "no," it's maybe. When I hear "maybe," it's yes.
Absolutely gutted about the news of MCA from the Beastie Boys. Love. Always. R.I.P. Adam.
Thank you so much for my RT!!
Let's go Pacers put dese bitches out
so txt me lol
Lots o' nerdy dudes at this Lindsey Buckingham show. Myself included.
Like , Is Today Over Yet ?
Sometimes you are forced to part ways with something you didnt want to but you had no choice at the time! Well Sometimes u have to go g ...
That was EPIC!
You'll think of me.
great groupon ! can't wait to get my tuneup and hit the road...
I'm putin u on mute 4 the rest of the day 4 that lol
Eddie's Sports Bar in Garland Tx. Let's go
great, I'm glad you liked it!
that song gets u crunk lol
looking good!
Were I a wealthy woman, I would bring one of my struggling readers who has powered through 2 of the 3 books.
Become an inspiration to others so that they may try to do more and to become more than they are today.
Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and isolated storms today
awesome they are talking about open home pro! Thanks for support.
lol i slept too long. I slept for 15 hours
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
No one writes better lyrics than Nick Cave.
fahhk! forgot dog day afternoon
yay!:DD can i watch it with you! ;D
I'm taking my daughter w me in the morning. Do every year, she simply likes to be part of all the hype
Absolutely! RT : We are halfway through #shehechat and has yet to make an appearance. There should be repercussions, yes?
I'm not perfect, but actually I'm proud of what I have right now
"God is my Father, Jesus is my Savior, and the devil is no relation at all." Bishop L. Nathan
I'm seeing all these girls in vegas w/long beautiful hair & I'm just like *starts pointing around* " Fuck you! Fuck you AND fuck you too!"
I didn't on here. If its the same person I'm thinking of...... ;/
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! :)
Never been so unmotivated and distracted and the fact theres a pool party outside my apt isn't helping!!
Thanks guys, I wish I could have been there.
The size of the airplane seat shinks, but the neighbor is nicer the closer you get to the Midwest.
Alllllrighty Kenya! I'm working on your German Chocolate this weekend! Will let cha know if I have a winner! ;)
nah I want to be on stage with cudi ragin'.
Yall think I'm NOT goin to see my nigga smash Clips at Adriannas in a few weeks?! Can't wait! The crib in there HEAVY!
Congrats on your first HR with the #Rockies!
Good morning gotta get wat im wearing to sexxy sundays
…I'm not going to go near an ice-cream truck now. Thanks to …
It's more the fake ones that get me than the real ones and vice versa!
creating Access forms and considering an outreach opportunity
Somebody should give me a shoutout
Is writing a paper today - Factors Which Make Successful People. What do YOU think makes successful people?
Just backed you with some more house money. Can't wait to read about Keats' abode.
If people can't make you happy, luckily music can.
CONGRATULATIONS! RT : Did you hear? Alison Carney () from won Chapter President of the Year at
until the opposite happens~*~*
yes, please!
Everybody's got a secret, can you what is mine! Can you tell me what you'd find?
fair enough. I suppose I meant anything that would be annoying to have to replace, like debit cards :)
You can't call a car 'adorable' if it's a Race Car. It just doesn't work that way.
75.6% of all Americans donate or give to a non-profit every year!
going on my sassy account. bye.
happy pirate day Claire! Enjoy your birthday!!! :)
The latest epi is up! It is all sorts of hot: topics, interviews, dialogues, news, fashion...bit.ly/GF5AeQ #queerness #yes!
Watching fellow Armstrong Falcon graduate RC Johnson wrestle in the finals
Ugh! U even said her 1st name(I'm so confused) #TooManyCrushes RT : Hi Gina!!!! :):):)
#WhyAreYou going straight home after work!? Take time to explore the city and mingle with friends! www.DCAfterWork.com
The Jville Jags didn't do enough on defense. They didn't even slow down the Eagles on Sunday. The Jags produce no offense.
Things to do in Seattle on a nice day... Wear your lulu shorts down the Burke Gilman & cause an accident
DUDE! I just got home from work and hubby had a rough draft ready of the tattoo I want (my first tattoo!) It's so awesome!!!
Have you gone across the stage yet?
Party and bullshit
You sent me spam DM about an hour ago.
My last meeting as a TTU Senator At-Large is tonight. So thankful to have had the opportunity to serve on Senate this past year!
Game 4 in Philadelphia #Celtics vs
Win it! (Every tourney should be PLO8!)
You hurt me in many ways but today u have broken my heart & trust ;( </3 never hurt the heart that loves u :(((
Another long night ahead of me, but I'm going to treat myself to an episode of charmed first
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for. Gratitude attracts more to be grateful for. Be blessed!
Government needs to let the market govern it's self and quit sticking their nose where it doesn't belong.
you seem to be in #loserville quite a bit......I'm a little worried. Lol
Egg bagel with sausage inside. Amazing breakfast!!!!
really a picture of a baby?!?!?!?!
So, you'll keep picking up CityBeat even though there's no Shot on Scene? Hope so. ;)
Yeah. specially the one at the nipple.ouch!
Getting ready to meet with the lovely ladies of
Hey guys you can download our ep on iTunes and also we have wristbands. If you want one or a hard copy of the cd than message us.
Revelation: Fox News's Chris Wallace shares his given name with B.I.G. WTF?
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement
#2 hitter why am I scared?
godfather series? What's that?
Use their internet connection to look for a better job!
Today - Partly cloudy. Patchy early morning fog. Highs in the lower 70s. East winds 5 to 10 mph
DUDE! That is awesome. I am totally jealous!
Trying to figure out the best way to cross Oregon from Portland to end up in Boise, ID. Thoughts?
This is the first time since I've been at Marian that I'm not hung over on reading day. Unfortunately, I still just want to sleep.
You guys made it the "shady cabana" lol
Official, tested and true, tea ware for the discriminating. Hope you enjoy.
definitely one of the best in the game. Too bad they have to freeze him in carbonite after every game ...
Here ye! Here ye! Tomorrow's the LAST DAY to buy tickets for Benjy Night. College Hockey! Colleagues! Food! Drinks! Fun! Join us, won't you?
still arguing abt where to put it & no info released about funding :/ MT : frieze to honor sit-in at Read's
Likewise. I'm hooked on it, I now get annoyed if I'm on a computer without it :)
90 Days to Summer Challenge
i love you so much and im glad we became friends this year .
I must have one.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it. www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
Go away jealousy. You're not cute. ;_;
Listening to people's dreams is like listening to the details of their last shopping trips.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 24
That was the most awkward phone call ever!
Another massage. Is this real life?
Quote for the day "there is more happiness in giving than in receiving" - Acts 20:35
It's supposed to be 75 and sunny on Saturday/Sunday so of course Christian and I will be in rainy, 90* Omaha this weekend! :-(
Need to provide enough benefit to supplant the creepiness for the user to adopt your location service. Its about value!
God mode, giraffe mode, speechcraft, nuclear health
Melissa Leo liked her camp shirt so much that she had it bedazzled into a dress!
Does this make sense to you?
Need minutes. Gotta go.
Oops, sorry! Following you now. I'll check in the morning. Going to bed! Night! And tweet me when you get it! Enjoy!
If u read this please respond. What are you doing the second ur reading this? Besides tweeting. Let's see some answers!
Chicago vs Boston ..... Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho
Good ol' #reference interview. Sound fundamentals. I am the Steve Nash of
Humility might be an admirable personal trait, but if you’re a small business looking to build your brand, it won’t do you any good. Be BOLD
its terrible right? lol waiting for my friend to get off work! then playing LOL :D
Hey Everyone, go follow because she's a cutie and I love her! Oh and she's the best cousin ever :****
i'm tweeting to much. I should go continue my life now.
Sit back & watch the show ;)
Replacing a unibrow with a flat top. Boom.
Pokemon theme song in English = cool. Pokemon theme song in SPANISH=
This world is made up of nothing but bullshit, no matter where u look there is some type of bullshit either some 1 on it or it going on!
I have an SNI/WIP set in the early 90s. Someone told me to query as "historical fiction" and I LOLed hard.
You are ahead of the game! me, I'm finishing tomorrow's ;-) just kidding (sorta)
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Chester Ohio - free daytime, evening programs -- complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
Thanks for the RT! really appreciate it =)
Aerating my lawn. Them aerating shoes with spikes are one helluva thigh workout. Work it out!
Don't forget....free shuttle bus to the St. Patrick's Day parade from O'Lydia's
I wanna fly like a rocket to the sky going up a million miles... #TUNEE <3
So Guess What Everyone !! I know a real live WHORE ! LMFAO
Great game huh! Devils goin for the cup Fuck Yeah!
love sleeping with the windows open!
#ThingsIHateOnFemales any shoes besides High Heels> big deal i gotta toe fetish.
Worth more than any amount of Money...I need that in my life.....
Comment that both art and science are different kinds of responses, diff forms of investigations of the natural world
CJ Kilbride said: we want the committee to make e-business and esp e-filing a matter of course not just talk in ILcourts
Thank you for the add and follow
i need to take my ass to sleep ha
hey bro go follow the twitter and check it out
I don't need any help making life exciting I give myself a heart attack for no reason
sup homie? you have a twitter now!!
Giants always pull through at the end they just make you have multiple heart attacks on the way there go giants!
when i lose: "who care's its just a game" when i win: "SUCK IT BITCH! IN YOUR FACE!!!!!"
i'd start drafting my suicide note but i don't have a job to pay for the pen and paper
Don't concern yourself about what has happened, or what will happen. Only thinking about what is happening. :-)
Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons,and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.-Holmes
Goals for tonight: Finish research paper, fold laundry in pile next to bed,' and tuck myself into bed (not pass out on couch.)
Even tho I don't know u in person but I watch the show and I'm glad u figured out the truth about evelyn and jen.
I'm Back On Twitter <3 Facebook , Is Just Drama (:
Chillin at the crib workin on some new shit for the album
s/o to mrs. For coming through and helping us in worship at this morning thanks for the info
1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated (yey!). Those who followed since will appear soon. Apologies to all.
i'll be expressing thoughts throughout the week. stay tuned.
no hay problema:)
Ray Ray had nothing on you in that dance battle you KILLED IT!
You can't see your next, when your to busy lookin at your EX .
Walked into #TraderJoe's to buy granola and almonds...left with three big bags of food. Gets me every time.
wait til u hear these guys!
"Are You a Belieber"."No,I just got justin all over my room & on my phone screen for no apparent reason".
Yes, I suppose... but only if it's on land that you really really want...
It happens...
Can You Tell Why You Pick This Stock
Alright, Philadelphia. So what are we doing for Syttende Mai? Nothing? Hello? Beer?
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Thanks Deidre! How are things at Dragon Search?
The caffeine is starting to soak in people. Be patient...
#Tea Party#Gops give polluters free 2make us sick,slashing 100ks med #senior #benefits&voting 2block #Violence Against #Women This must end!
Nicely done, looking forward to the festival!
; you needs text me about something:)
like this status if you are missing that one person that's always on your mind! ;)
I have not read it. Makes me want to know who it is for sure. Not the worst cliff hanger.
u R one of my all time favorite Packfans. It was joy to get your tweets this year. Just don't forget to polka
on it
I love it!
hi =P
Weirdest touchdown ever!! Giants 21 Pats 17. Do Pats have a :56 second plan?
both! North on Friday and Saturday
"If I have a beer now, tomorrow will be better." Haha best rationalization I've heard in a while.
You're packin heat these days...?
sharinghawaii with everyone who wants some @ www.sharinghawaii.com
omg stop tweeting and come cuddle with me.
Who gives a flippin fuck if Selena and Justin are dating..I will AWALYS be a Jasminator and a Belieber!<3
haa..i can't remember my login for my other account..its been a minute
indeed! “: hi robert! we should catch up one of these days.”
At we're working to combat this exact issue! HR offers our app as an employee benefit to prevent financial woes
Great! See you there!
you too dude
if only i had a time machinee...
YEP OH YES
FINAL FINAL special performance by du Soleil starts 4:45 today hall 8b #Xerox GET HERE QUICK
Wow. is fantastic! Our guests are loving his music. Wish we could see him tonight with our friend !
I swear, this fandom has A+ stalking skills !
in spain we just got here its a lot of tropics out here tho
Game 4 baby!!! Pacers v Magic #PacerNation Get this 3-1 lead!!
Ugly truth...titillation does have value.
Fergie’s smash hit single “Glamorous” just popped up on the office Pandora. This was once my ringtone. How do I have any friends?
Come audition for ur shot
Debate on whether adults should read #kidlit #YA on right now! Why categorize? Why limit ourselves?
lol do u know who Austin mahone is?(:
lmao.nall twin he at a game
Im referring to your pic but also what you say and do in general.
you all are so cute! Lol
watching freakin family guy
My Hawks win 2 more we going to the EASTERN FINALS,,, WE WILL BEAT CHICAGO ARE PHILLY
Excited for a long weekend :)
CAN WE PLEASE!!!! invite everyone who loves them bc i just need to obsess with others:p
Lhh jus rode home in a go cart
I'm knee deep in some tequila. ;) see you inside
Funny and wild.
Hiking and house hunting with such and awesome way to spend the first day of 2012.
One of those screen printed tux shirts with a tie dye cummerbund.
thanks for coming in today!
Home of deadly Mpls Fire was also the site of a police raid in '08 looking for evidence against the RNC Welcoming Committee.
Getting some great ideas re mothers day gifts/experiences. Info: Jemma is 1 & my wife is Swedish, she's stylish but is a down to earth gal.
on the radio!!
Photos from our New Years Event will be uploaded by tonight. Stay tuned.
LP is in studio pursuit! I know its felt like we've been in the studio for a whileb ut good things come to those who wait....you'll see -Ash
TROLL HARD SON. RT : I wish trolling was a full time job.
Washing windows @ Signature Cigars...b/c the world needs ditch diggers too, Danny
What were the best new mobile apps in November? Mobile apps will remain a universal obsession only as long as they continue to captivate,
"Be a rainmaker, and make things happen in your organization." webinar with
And thats why we still have Derek Fisher
nigga I know damn well u not talking
NFL draft on tonight
dying. I'm surprised edwina slate the IV didn't have one.
working on booking show at University of Nevada, Reno on April 15. Looking to book shows at other schools on the way - Any ideas?
Happy mothers day to my favorite mommy.... Ms. Marlette Zackery!!!
Goodnight ! <3 maybe some day you will DM me ;)
Thanks for the follow Marty. Stay caffeinated
Mark, was the release of Goodman a surprise? Does it indicate #Broncos might target a CB in the draft?
Something like that :) Got a surprise bouquet from a guy I've been dating.
Apple cider, peppermint bark, and Home Alone. Christmas indeed.
I'm pondering joining a gang what's more sliming red or blue
I hope they hire an american. Zigi, or Kreis would make me happy.
"It would indeed be a tragedy if the history of the human race proved to be nothing more than the story of an ape playing with a box of matc
On a recommendation, I'm watching "Happy Accidents" which supposedly falls into my favorite category of "Romantic Time Travel Movies"
Please follow ! She's a really great singer! Check out her album #LetItOut! I'll follow/list u
Grrr... I need to stop forgetting my laptop bag with my iPad, passport, and tickets for all upcoming concerts at random places :-(
I'd rather have an English breakfast!-word?Yeah Word!!!<object width="425" height="344"><param name="movie"
A warm welcome to the teachers from around the US joining us for our Educators' Conference at C-SPAN. Hope you enjoy your time with us!
Just left the BOE in Dtown LA, we are an official Distributor in California, Freshnripe LLC has officially established itself
Now tuned in to #EpiffanyRadio Prodigal, Rthaczar KICKBACK !!!
If you have the graphic skills, Theater Connects is looking to update its look. plus you could add "web stylist" to your resume!
Just got my itinerary from ! Wheels up for training one week from today. Can't wait!
ehh! :/ it was alright!! My last essay was so bad. :(
oh goodness, I don't even wanna know how bad it is! I'll be right down!! 😜
Weird yes, but not altogether surprising. Tourists! sheesh.
I also have one other question, how do you get those pdf files on your videos? It looks awesome!
Hey guys and girls can't wait till breaking dawn 
RT : Today was a good day - good feedback and positive people around me >>
RT : “ : seriously how hot is ” that's so nice but have you seen yourself!?
G'night, all. Here's to peaceful dreams that may bring in a fall-in-love kind of Saturday <3
Just yesterday, our stage at the indiana state fair colapsed! It was right before sugarland went on, soo keep Indiana in your thoughts!
So, so proud of my good friend Maureen Seaberg who just sold her book on Jason Padgett. And she's splitting the profits with him, to boot.
Would You Wear It? Gold Disco Ball Dresses Dancing under a disco ball? We 're down. But dressing like one? Yes, please! It takes a lot of
Everybody has an interesting map
Thanks, I'm currently donating all of my profits to a local wounded warrior
They’re keeping the traffic on the switches, but moving the “workload” i.e. configuration and intelligence, to virtual.
Never underestimate the child who refuses to stop playing with his Lego's for homework - he just might have an agenda.
Thinking that, if they did, they could make electoral gains. In 2010, they did just that. So that might be the new blueprint.
WAIT IT'S ON MTV RIGHT? And like ridiculousness is on?!
Impressive performance by the #Badgers. Still think Vandy will be tough (if they win), but if UW shoots like this, they're pretty tough too
We know where they can come shop for their Mad Men suits! ;-)
still don't know how to fucking log onto fucking tumblr. piece of fuck. ugh. my life rn<<<
The awkward moment when people spell "come" as "cum".
. met you at #desblogconf2012. Have 48 hrs with kids in Seattle in a few weeks. What are your no miss sights and restaurants?
thanks boo (:
you go girl <3
Here's another that ALWAYS rides for ya boy !!!----->
Best tweet .. I got this.. Here it is...
Oh well.. *flips to hockey*
I once had to check myself before I wrecked myself.
exciting new updates to menu! coming very soon: veggie wraps! kale, kiwi, cuc, lemon! new plant protein powder! strawberry in bionic glow!
Surely. Will DM you tomorrow AM.
Hope you have a safe trip back to Jersey Mr. Piro. Cheers, see you again soon!
#c2css12 Exercise: Use these words in a sentence- Assessment, Analytics, Applications, Academic Honesty, Accountability, Aftermath
well come back and visit ;)
Volume 15.22 is up, get it while it's hot!
You might want to, hahaha we're doing this science project tomorrow. I have no idea what to do though. Hahahhahaa.
RT : I want to like #AmericasGotTalent, but I just don't get the addition of Howard Stern.Agreed. Don't get the appeal at all
crab cakes are awesome
Thank You J.K Rowling is trending 5 years after the last Harry Potter book was published. Just goes to show you... Thank You J.K Rowling
Today's tip: When working out on cardio equipment, don't lean on the handrails--it decreases the amount of calories you burn.
I moved to an online calendar. :P
Every time I get in my bed I get wayy lazy
Making friends with middle age black men at gnc
Hmm...yet again I've stepped into the pile of horse pucky that is critical theory and cultural studies.
Good morning Cherie!! Stopping by to wish you a great week. Take care, and best wishes always.
not surprising... though it explains the delay. SMH
Oh man do I know what you mean! RT "Never understood why companies burned through talent..."
You are sad. Get a life.
6% power left on and 28 more minutes of the flight...time to power down for landing...
Thanks for the folo:-)
taco bell.
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone. If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
Ask him about working with a young Neil Jordan on High Spirits
Thanks again for posting another one of our job listings!
trying to follow you, it's not taking...
Ostrich, alligator, goose and yak all arrived (all CO farms) for our Gourmet dinner with featuring CO winemakers
Okay then lol you don't know the people at all you just randomly take pictures of them?
We all need privacy. fences and doors.
Hyde Park get ready!! Mama is coming to see you at 12:00 today
too much b going on, lol mess, thirst, hatred etc
you're right, so let's put superglue on our relationship and make it super strong
I'm at sports clip and asked to watch the nuggets game and they don't have altitude tv on direct tv! Aghhhhhh
wow an hour and half? I would have hung up
Thanks everyone for making this the best Sacbeerweek yet. See you all next year!
radio on spotify is pretty much the best thing ever. I haven't had to skip a song once yet.
where are you if I don't see you this weekend!!! Well I don't know but I'll seriously be pissed
aw come on now
Good morning! Who has a munchkin graduating this week? Today Ava grads from pre-school. :-)
If you are in San Diego and missed the event at Eleven tonight, you MUST come to Bottlecraft on Thursday!!! Don't miss it!
Shows incredible ability to focus. RT : And that Bin Laden wasn't a priority...
is there a set date of when the regular season schedule comes out?
yea I do...She put my name on the board for senior study so I had to get it cause I like to leave early lol why ? Do you need it
Too funny!
RT : Excited to watch baby sister and whoop up on OSU!
All my girls from the 504...
Finna go to the movies aint got nothing else better to do
I'm so proud of youu..austin that is amazingg already its sold outt ..I loveyouu..<333
Just about had my fill of Christmas music. #toosoon #doesnthelpsales When is Thanksgiving?
you treat me like a stranger & it feels so rough
people told me I looked like I was supposed to be on toddlers and tiaras! Lol
Prob not but if I didn't like my job I would be able to quit and look for something else Plus take the summer off and have fun
Encore fellowships are the best way to transition from corporate to nonprofit careers. Intel agrees #encore2011 www.ef-c.org
You're all boring.
Looking at some old Kano analysis tools I used while at GE. Considering brushing them off for a current project.
-- im only using twitter bc facebook is down
Working on some t shirts that will be available on our website and at shows. Can't wait to show you! :)
I go to nhu lan -- its closer to my house and I think the sandwiches are better. What kind of protein/veggie/seitan do you want?
Sounds like you're actually going hyperbole.
I missed the beginning of this plan but I'm guessing I'm going to like it!
RT : #Sounds #Music #Gear are the backbone of #FF them & if you are a producer, engineer, artist, or just...
We know exactly how important it is for clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well
I saw mention of pediatric feeding in you tweets. Check out www.mymunchbug.com. Great resources there.
omg, you weren't kidding
LOL myself and auntie Anne's is willing to share :3
Am I the only one who thinks #rihanna is ghetto? Gross...
my ipod > the radio
#Thatawkwardmoment when somebodys saying hey to you and you have no idea who it is because you dont have your contacts in...twice
Just finished season two of The Walking Dead. Really, really good thus far.
oh man! crazy baby.
halftime analysis?
talking to you, Damn your hair has volume! :) Wbu?
First handfull of bands announced: Danzig, PUBLIC ENEMY, Girls, Hot Snakes
Get that confidence lift in Pre-Saturday Day Scene RT : Lunges , leg press, RDL's, split squats in the a.m.
So funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...Jesus he's 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life.
ME TOO. Does she have anything in the works?? I'm the leasy angsty person, but she's my one angsty vice...
Now to put the color on the walls. Should be wild.
Here come crazy newt!!! BRING IT. We want
Recording a new alarm clock now RT : You can live with me, but I will wake you up every morning by booing you.
Just met with FAAN Board Member Mike Lade in Houston to get advice on effective fundraising strategies!
#messagetotheladies never take less then what you deserve.
Just registered new domain: 6ft.me Getting lazy to type long ones? No, that's as much of personal info I am willing to share online. :)
12 games -- sorry.
": free pancakes >>>>>" yes I would like some!
Tryna hit my 200th tweet so i guess me,twitter for tonight!!!!;)
One hour until #MyManGodfrey starts! I love you 
is at it again! Two straight! He's streaking! Exclamation point!
Yes! It will be! (: -JChuK : Everyone should try to make it out to the rock tonight to watch preform! Lots of fun! :)
Well I'll be in #HongKong for in October!
with the name 'super bowl' you'd think it'd be a lot cooler..
Just applied to Stop & Shop
I call her boo I don't know her whole name keep it on the low mang all I eat is low mein
they DO have scrapple pizza! And burgers! Next step in slippery slope has scrapple stuffed crust!
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Normally I would drop everything to get in that game, but I'm in Leucadia now signing up for the bocce ball tournament.
Got apt cleaned clothes and bedding washed comforter scent is nice it's been beautiful here in Florida mid 70's
You know that I'm a crazy bitch
New shirts and tank tops should be in any day now !!! Who wants one ?
Gearing up for Thursday Wind Down, we are featuring Spanish Albarino's, beautiful whites with grapefuit and citrus notes, come see us
TOO funny. Thanks for sending it out. Made my Saturday!
Mondays are necessary evil..... :-)
red velvet!!!! No Es bueno! I would have made u a green cake lol
Great! A sweep of the Cardinals couldn't make me happier!
naw its funny I was talking to about it. Nigga had to get rid of his super bowl & national championship ring
Happy Thanksgiving my peeps! I'm thankful you are a part of my life. Now go enjoy that turkey and pumpkin pie!
Loud children and a dog that wants to go outside.
Wow I can see how that would be difficult!! She is GORGEOUS
Again I start at 21-3. Same table as Wed but hopefully with better results
she's my favorite band member
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam
I have to say, I'm digging the frustrated 'Sheed avi.
igualmente Aloha desde Hawaii a mi familia preciosa de Puerto Vallarta y Estes Yachts bonitos!
"It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't."
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 2
What happened when the Irishman met the French Assasin?? NO Shots On Goal!
word up fam I gotta show love to you and your craft. But me im working on my nu compilation beatz&lyrics pt.2 coming soon.
So wheelchair, yes. But no scratches or anything? Really?
miss you too
I really don't understand why ppl cheat , when they have the best thing in front of them !
I think the University of Chicago and NCSU have continued with RDA cataloging (they were testing sites)
haha my phones gone I'll get it back tomorrow!
Now if I can get a nice Denver pic to replace the Austin one for my updated profile...
Nice one!
The Heavy Price of Thinspiration - Fox News (blog)
we are always appreciative of Bryan's fans. No dig intended at all. Love to all who have played Huey! -The B Side
I aint playing, never did lie.
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! IM SO EXCITED!!!
Thanks go out to for all of the RT love, thanks!!
Thinking about posting a 1-minute video today. What do you say?
I've been off causing trouble. =)
At Hair in the City, I pass on the savings to you as I have less overhead than larger salons in #rva. Great cut/style/color for men & ladies
She asked for a lightning storm....and she got one.
OK u gone b hit ima get up wit dude tho I need another tatt man
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
CONGRATULATIONS PRIME TIME!
alright I'll get something going..
do you have an online directory of good routes? I've seen the ones at IntownBikes; looking for additional ones.s
This weekend is going to be full of cleaning & studying
Your Brady hate is getting unhealthy.
I found a garcia. Knew I had one. :) excitement.
Hats off to the Lakers they played alot better hope Clippers do tomorrow I have a feeling Chris Paul gonna light it up
PPL JUS DO THAT TO GET ATTENTION THEY LOVE TO SEE YOUR RESPONSE KNOW U GNE SET THEM STRAIGHT
There is nothing so refreshing than to wake up to the smell of fresh cut watermelon.
Congratulations! So excited for you!
Happy 17th Birthday to my dad! Wish we could celebrate!
"Most artists have two brains: rational and visceral." - Miguel Rivera, associate professor and chair of the printmaking program at KCAI.
So you're tellin me there's a chance! #FinalFourBound RT : just want to let everyone know I'll return for my senior year
if kobe win anoth ring yall better get ahead of the game and stop buying jordans im telling u , even though i would not like to see it...mtm
are you going to teen hoot?!
exactly!lol i'm living my dream sure people laugh at me. but do i care?Nope cause I got money in my pocket & No beer gut!lol
Wishing my #Keurig had a KCup installed indicator light so my intant coffee wouldn't always taste like my wife's hot green tea
Listen at work. Win Money. #WorkplacePayoff actually pays off in a few minutes. Your cue coming up.
tater tots / beer
According to my DMs, lots of people are saying very nasty things about me.... maybe if they were saying nice things, then I would click. :)
Went to the R5 concert. I waved at Rydel like a crazy idiot, then my friend asked Ryland for an autograph. Plus eye contact! Yup I can d ...
I think white ppl call those, "house warming" parties...but new house party has a nice ring to it! Do it Mitt!
nice run Bill
And we're both on Twitter. First time I've had to edit in… many, many years.
I had actually forgotten what it felt like to be cold. Walking to the Garden today, I got a rude reminder.
follow back!
If you had position of one-week ago regarding same-sex marriage, are you now a bigot since his evolution? Just curious.
Baby shower this weekend. Remind me: What time do the strippers show up again?
going to the home opener tonight. my first since moving to LA. should probably try to learn the songs before i get there.
Maybe there's too many people trying to install right now, "Install Script" doesn't work for me! Great idea though
I Love You ! Guys ! Your The Best Followers ! <3 :)
Green Day concert tickets for New Orleans, DC, Miami, Denver, Phoenix go on sale this weekend.
300 Latina girls and moms coming to Elmhurst campus on Sat for first annual Dare to Dream: Get Educated conference: www.latinaconference.org
Our girl was seen on set with Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman For The Change Up in Atlanta due out in august
Busy busy day that ended with an adventure. Let's see what tomorrow has in store. Gnite peeps.
#stevejobs Stanford comm. speech was a huge influence on the making of our film. You will be missed Mr Jobs. Thank you for the
Oh this is awkward.
I once called some chick the correct name during sex. I was really on my game that week.
Join us for “Want Learning to Transfer? Then Get Managers Involved!” Mon May 7 at 12:30pm at #ASTD2012 Get a #Learning Transfer Audit
like seriously what's the point
Fair enough, just glad to hear you'll be stopping by for the party & to celebrate Twins Home Opener
Gearing up for busy week...good stories to pitch, e.g., for Give Clean Water: 18 high school choir kids going on Fiji mission trip
Negra high standards ok? 👊💁👴
Gotta go run some errands. Catch you kids this evening :)
#WeareUK Can't wait for Saturday!!
Another reason I hate Donny Marshall, he is killing Doc Rivers for coaching moves. I didnt like the moves either but they won and moving on.
Time with Banchi at the dog park. Days like this make Vegas tolerable
has your account been hacked?
Pitt v uconn
Breaking: thick envelope arrived in the mail today...acceptance letter for our little guy....to elementary school in Saint Paul.
thanks for the mention! :)
I would love one to Bitch magazine...though that might not be a choice...
"I won’t chase after you, because if you really wanted to stay, you would."
Private Friend
ZachAttack!!! I had so much fun with you guys on Friday!
Heading to the Columbus Club for our associate holiday luncheon. Looking forward to the White Elephant gift exchange fun!
I <3 you too, Boo Boo!
So poos are food corpses and farts are food ghosts?
My brother just arrived with his family and a bag full Satsumas. The most mellow,sweet citrus I've ever tasted. Thanks Scott.
haha wet t shirt contest in this rain..really?!!
Wish we could be down there to hear you guys rock out Friday!
“: my mind hurts... VIBE was crazy. I'm a new fan. Love it.” -- Glad you liked it, haha!
When your referred too as "friend" or "brother"... oh yeah...
Life w/o God has no purpose. Life w/o purpose has no meaning.
Another advantage to having your phone in your car...if your radio isn't working, you can just call your crew chief.
Dinner in oven; DD going to pick up dessert. Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Jaisysbejflodhshsndkficusebkfousbekdhsnd ah I'm freaking out.
I'm on my way to go get some icecream
What a shitty friday..
On It Babe
At the Topange Mall
Cermaq ASA : Notice of annual general meeting
Just discovered The Grindstone. There's some great stuff here! Nicely done!
Our hearts go out to Whitney Houston's family at this time...We lost a legend! Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
Apple Shares Plunge 9% on Mysterious Flash Crash, Then Recover
My virtual kit arrived today. After work, it'll all about Alegbra! If I can lug this home. Are these all books in this box?
Instead of looking for opportunities will benefit you - find opportunities where we can be a benefit others.
i think the most important thing is do positive and you should think that you can do whatever you want
lol Funny Can We Talk And Get 2 Know Eachother Please I Love Ur Acting And Ur Beautiful Please Reply Back When U Want.
Hey, why not. Let's makes this even more interesting Sipp.
How was your weekend? I bet you could use a Mint Meltaway to help you get through this Monday. I plan to!
you should scoop us up tho
Looking forward!
so glad to be done with finals!
Crowd greeting Vince at podium with chants of 'Go Vince, Go!'
Donations are still being tallied, but it looks like we are close to meeting our $15,000 goal for !
SCBWI is the best. Congrats on your books, and I'm so glad we've connected on Twitter! :)
MK: Says he can understand why Newt Gingrich is against Sharia. "Sharia is very tough on adulterers."
That's the Smoltz I know. Signed the book and a couple of cards. He's awesome.
Icecream trucks is some softserve swerve
Expect a trade from the Cowboys on their 1st rd pick tonight. Under Jerry Jones, the #Cowboys move their 1st pick 75% of the time.
come over homo I was stretching
#MalePains RT : #WhyDoiAlways get random boners at the worst times throughout the day in school?
yeah her & she does. She's not very appropriate for her age. Haha
lets catch up soon! please! i need a life update and have a few for you!
thats like me with my apartment everyday
I have great acct. Reco from O'Conor. Getting refund.
Thanks for following!
Jasmine stop reading my tweets
yeah we can go but it starts on the 23rd
why olive oil??
u coming over
Friendly nod from obese man cruising down Taafe in motorized wheelchair, playing "Do I Do" by Stevie Wonder off a tiny boombox.
Got an email frm someone who said if they couldn't reach anyone by phone, they wld drive to our unit at GMU to talk in person--w/o an appt.
I lost my financial aid, so I'm just gonna go to a technical college.
WHY DO YOU HATE ME!?! D:
Enjoyed lunch with my wife and outstanding tchr (entry 10556) today. Told me about big plans for a PolyVision board! cc:
thanks for the yummy food!! Orgasmic!! Haha
Getting robbed at gun point <
We read-- and LOVED-- Christina Alger's new book The Darlings this weekend. What did you read?? We love hearing your picks!
and also the one that overruled jermaine gresham's td catch this year for the bengals.
the game is a little chippy eh? These teams must not like each other
OMB you're sexy
this #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf #TT is so funny to me !
Thanks for the RT !
when shit get real your real friends will be there for you
Weird that it's been more than 12 hours and we're still talking about Nick Diaz.
Lol stone cold... “: A #Virgo may find you physically attractive but, but that doesn’t mean anything other than that.”
#sometimesyouhaveto beat a nigga ass to show you not a hoe
I don’t know who I'm in love with anymore, you or the memories..
It's slightly on the higher side, but not far off the mark.
Who needs the Bulls and the Heat? I just watched an epic Yankees comeback and walkoff win after being behind 4-1. Go Yanks!!
Who do you think is the strongest team from asia at #missworld!My picks are India and Phillipines!What about you?
Preparing a presentation I will be giving at the Aspen Institute on communicating about social equity through social media.
Thank you!! #shoutoutsaturday :)
Further proof the Mayans knew a bit about 2012 --- Rest in Confetti Dick Clark. #NewYearsEve2013?
wat teddy bear>??
#Dirty Work . RT if you're proud of our boys. <3
": If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school..... WTF."
i just wanna sleep but you're in my head.
All I need is your smile, to make my day a brighter one.
Had a greet time thx to everyone who came out and danced their ass of!!!
we hope you had a wonderful time at the lemonade day tasting contest yesterday!
mostly all of them are all celebrities and i got 4 celebrities following me
I just depreciated a bull.
on the mountain of goats
Happy Valentine's Day! Lot's of sweet couples out tonight. Thanks for sharing your night with us!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the girl thinks she is hot shit.. and she isn't.
how do I add a bookmark to my iPad homescreen?
hahaha but it is the best way
Good morning All! Later on I'll show you that video of the mosaic in progress, and my video skills in practice! ;)
And pops shows up wearing a one fewer car shirt
aww you 2 are too cute
