Great finally meeting you in person, and thanks for the walking tour of NY!
now I have never written for someone else before so yeah don't hate me if its not that good
I can't give you what you want and its killing me.
I'm glad is asking panel about how do we talk about deeply held private beliefs in the public sphere.
Hey , its Omer. HUGE Black Friday Party at the HOTTEST Friday night party in town @ MYSTUDIO. Saturday @ PREMIERE - Want to go? reply YES
Listening to Ann Stoler speak about what is hidden by how what we think we know about colonies, histories, imperial formations.
I think it would be cool to bring on the next O&A visit (On Mic) to promote the #Deathsquad Network!
Air force ppl are weird....
AGREED. A bright spot today.
Welcome to Spring St neighbor! It was a pleasure meeting you today. Thank you for the Anise Extract..can't wait to use it!
hey can you follow me your my idol i love you #wecanallmakeachange. oh and do you have facebook cuz there is so many posers?
Wish sum1 was cooking me some dinner
Sometimes I wish I could honk backwards.
i secretly sucked my thumb til i was nine.............
All I can say is this: there will be angst.
She gets mad when I bring other girls names up.
Congrats to the 2012 Distinguished Teaching Award winner Deirdre Mulligan!
when u from the hood royalty is dinner the money still there the loyalty is thinner
I just spelled writer with an O on this notecard... I think its time for sleep. Or cocaine.
get the ladies!
COLIN OF COURSE!!! <3
Much Love to all my ATLANTA FAMILY SEE YA REAL SOON ....
RT : drive puts the Clippers back in front 45-44 w/ 7:31 to go in 3Q // Catch the game on ABC or KFWB 980AM...
Best wishes to your daughter. Do you do freelance editing?
Tru tv is so crazy!
- Thanks for doing such a great job on your first guest post. Great feedback from
“: Who is on twitter that is really funny so I can follow them ....”
“: #Leo and #Pisces Communication: Medium” wifey here we are again !
I'm not such a fan of multigrain bread when I end up feeling like I'm troweling my mouth through birdseed instead of eating a sandwich.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th. Interview request, please contact
Can You follow Me So I can talk to u in private?
so what ur sayin is that you broke it and had to fix it?!!
Mom read the book and said it was great.
spending all week figuring out creative ways to get a follow from
Call between Mon the 12th & Wed the 14th Receive 10% off on your flower order, be sure to mention twitter! 702-254-0063
Not everyone catches every bit of news, so some things get missed and then picked up later as it come around again.
1951- After being fired by Pres #Truman, Gen Douglas #MacArthur was given a massive ticker tape parade on Wall Street in his honor.
that was one hell of a move and shot
Wow. Talk about how Obama has rumors of eating a dog when he lived in Indonesia.
the new label and name is a moving forward, of greatness and serious wine.
high octane football!
Got stuck on the top of the Ferris wheel for 15 minutes... Just long enough for me to visualize every possible way I could die.
Our hallway smells like cake. CAKE.
u forgot the queso samples
RT : Behind on ? if you need encouragement over the weekend, hash tag #SFLMP (Script Frenzy Last Minute Push)
Dear cafe luigi pizza and etc, do u miss me? Because I miss you.
will do
what up. Help me get more followers playa.
Lmfao, is it now?
I sure miss my good friend
i poked harry's arm then we got married. LOLOL
Dream Theatre will not be the same without Mke Portney. He is an oustanding drummer that cannot be replaced.
lol that's cool.what time is it there jw ?
Thank Shrub for instigating a tax code that enabled the one percenters to avoid taxation.
follow me back !
Come on. RT : i feel like hoopin'. 
that was fuckin awesome
Glad I stayed home. I feel like I'm coming up with something
When Mr.Barrix scares a 6th grader so bad, he literally peed on the floor.
Some line up changes are going be made! If you can sing pop punk/hardcore style then let us know on here or our Facebook
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Text You of the Day - "I am beautiful" stop the comparisons - look in the mirror and truly appreciate what you look like today.
If uncut back ova here it will b worth it
NO!!! don't take the blue pill off of hanks desk! i mean, steal the cookie!
I just tweeted pics of it. I'm below the bridge right now.
I love the show and I lovev #GoGEtit thank you for that impact of positivity
You're all garbage.
FACT: could play a dozen instruments before he was 16 yrs old.
HAAAAAHHHHHHH y must u say that lol
Define Broadway brilliance.
hahaha:)apparently i got a poem published in a book??????????????didnt even do anything:)
What's the use of niggas hatin on shit they don't know nothing about.....
Don't look at replay. Look at it real-time. There's a push. RT : is only person to agree with call on goal
Hope u all r having a great day.:-)
um u fucking herd me \
I don't care about hockey much, but no maligning the Tim Ho's!!!!
Former ML Jim Leyritz, with new book is qualified "ringer" for Writers
you're disgusting
I guess I'm too old... lol!
#BieberOnTheVoice BOYFRIEND LIVE ON THE VOICE WAS AMAZING <3 LOVE E YOU :)
Game Day In Corvallis and Eugene, I imagine that 99w and I-5 is a mess!
#5FactsAboutMe im not as cool as beiber
My tat peelin...
Real men don't just eat pussy, I eat for a snack, take some to work for lunch, dinner...breakfast, brunch....idont care
I Vote Yes! RT : Can we end every class with funny youtube videos? It's all my brain can take at 9:35. #mcdm546,
Y is it cloudy in Richmond...so not good...come on sun
Well, I guess another day is gone. I just got some really good news from my Engineer and BFF Reb' Lo'. I'll sleep good now! GN & God Bless
oh yes she did that and sent an insane text to a friend. Awesome.
I hate the idea of you being with someone else..
I am going to come watch you play sometime. Seriously. I love your enthusiasm. Mine shot due to aging parent & fire issues.
We've been around since '91. Chances are you know someone who has insurance with us! Give us a call, we'll give you a quote! 505-345-8757
idk but my lower back hurts too, did i fall thursday night?! haha
6hrs of Work today bit tired! ahaha
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <313
Difference between mind & heart: your mind tells you what the smart thing to do. Your heart tells u what I gonna do anyway
Really great to work with you to get elected!
do you have the link to watch this online?
C'mon Kansas!!!!
MTVU actually plays great new artists / videos I've never heard of.
watching State of the Union. salmon are always funny
wanna go to cedar point sometime soon?
Might go to the  game tonight!!:)
Shoutout? PLease!? Jamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz !! We love you guys !! <3
slides in your email
damn lashes
Confused. Ugh
And that's why I am so fat
Thanks, John!
First, you must know what you're good at, your strengths. Second, you must know what you enjoy doing, your passions.
There's no spellcheck in sharpie.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top follow us <3
LMAO, way of bruhbruh. BLASSA! go post in the group talking to yourself.
Hey, bby. I got the track legs of a lady. Wen you seen run around, wen you see me jump around, you might think its a lil crazy
oh yes...asti for everyone.
I'm going out to Olive Garden for dinner today ♥
Thanks to for the RTs yesterday! We appreciate the support very much!
thank you for the s/o! <3
Headed to a mtg...will hit u up afterwards....left u a msg this morning
DID YOU KNOW?! "Disco" means "I learn" in Latin." we should all learn more! YOU'RE WELCOME!!
NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community? There goes three of my favorite shows.
ive vomited 200 times already. Staples High School would beat us right now.
Lets go !!!!!!!! Pumped to watch take down Brady!
Morning! Yup I replied a while ago :) RT : Hey Good Morning Desi, i had sent you a dm, b4... my friend....?
lol don't be mean to yur baby girl now yur suppose to nod yes n agree to everything I say (:
Who is going to get my biz on #Superbowl Sunday? I'm looking for Hot chicks, #Free food, and wait for it Cheap Beers in
oh, of course. Look for Oh, and don't forget to bring your camera ;)
food was shockingly good. Can't say we know what the place is like on a Friday night, but Monday was pretty great.
We strive to give our clients the best workout for your body and mind. Stop by our studio for a tour and to learn what we are all about!
Rob, I've known you for years and never once heard you say that... Hee Hee Hee
Yay! Thrice tickets for Trying to decide if I should use extra ticket 2bribe some large man to hold me up so I can see 4 once
Great meeting you! And so glad to be helpful! Yay! :) See you at the next meeting.
Tweet, tweet, tweet 🐤
working on new projects, and eating a delicious home cooked meal
Tyranny of cloth diapers
#Ellen ((: biebers gonna be on!
Hahaha. Blazing fast internet speeds.
you no ask for woodie allen, you ask for this artist better, much better!
me have nadda
Life is just a party, so come as you are.
Congratulations ladies! Welcome to the real world. :)
So bummed about not being able to see Joe Brooks tomorrow. Why did it have to be such an awkward venue? He's one of my favorite brits!
Way too crowded in this place
such a gorgeous hotel! Via Jetsetter.com I think we might book a night - Friday Nov 11th :) Thank you!
We all know what you said. (CC )
@ school with Sdub to make a gingerbread house.
Love it! Keep eating ice cream!
Handsome Devil « Lady Garfunkel&#39;s Song of the Day
You're welcome. Thanks for the link on upcoming performances!
On set directing short film with & ! Psyched to crank out this big effects film!
...in an anachronistic techno kinda way.
riight about now :-))
#NYLA11 for Conference mentions!
RT : Today in Jewish History (1863) Rabbi Ferdinand Samer named 1st US Jewish chaplain (for Union Army). Wounded
I've followed yhu ever since yhuve made yhur twitter and I haven't had a follow since!!
Never been on a flight with so many angry people. Why am I the only one excited to be going to Atlanta?
got some other shit for u too
So even if Ellis was "written white" it's still interesting that it was his role where they were open to cross-racial casting!
Meryl Streep.....you are a divine representation of a true artist! Congrats on your Oscar!
I got all this polo on so I call call the shit that horsepower
that's whatsup!!
it's "On Demand". Not sure if it's on DVD yet.
do you deliver?
Imagine, calling Frank, Rangel, Kucinich, and Waters communists..such gall! apparently the truth is now considered extreme. U go
Likewise :) We are looking forward to it!
Good article, good points, but frankly both Kolb and the Refs were issues that cost the Cards the game.
Ima miss you bro, come back soon!
can't wait 2 c win in NY : Caps win! It's 2-1 victory against the Rangers! Game 7 will be Saturday @ Madison Square Garden.
Wishing that i matter..but life has taught me, u shouldnt waste ur time wishing
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
what is that?
gotta love
aye i got you. Quarter pound of that sour waiting in my basement haa
Stupid dreams! Why does this time of year mess with my head so much?
Not ready for school tomorrow 👎
I LOVE UR INFO - U ROCK
i didn't see his tweet. he hasn't blogged it. Frankly, I'm spending too much time on this.
Yay! That's great!
Did you take her iPod out of the suitcase after the sleepout?
#HowToGetRejected being anything but yourself...
#RulesInARelationship Rule #1.) Trust each other. If there's no trust, there's no relationship. Rule #2.) Don't betray that trust.
No of course he does:) It's just that I started to like him because of his music!Not because he looks good!Obviously He does:)
No problem! :)
Bored. I wonder what miss is up to? :)
Not having a backup point guard will hurt UNC long-term--especially in March. But losing a headache may help in short term.
I seriously wanna slap you in the face sometimes. UGH!!!
you get a meal on that flight right? Get the chicken salad.
NewsChannel5 "behind the scenes" people who have the best tweets (IMO and not limited to)
anything to make his baby girl happy!! 💍💎💰💰💰 hehehe
absolutely! You need some PBR jams :) They are on order. That would trip them out.
They were amazingly flame.
I'm probably gonna hang out with friends. Hbu ? If you answered that would be amazing.
Element K is investigating mobile learning options for video training on mobile devices.
Black city chicck
I just like to creep hahaha :)
Just waiting for #Smash! Doing work until then...
Do you think the threat by the group Anonymous, to shut the internet down on march 31st, is real or a hoax?
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
filing away- thank you!!
"Wendy" from (#draft) Wendy's commercials should consider eating less Wendy's. Just saying.
SELL ME YOUR ATDI TICKETS YOU WIENERS. I'M FROM EL PASO, OKAY?
It can only be for one night the only thing I've ever loved in my life is the mic.
CHECK OUT the freebie PizzaHut Uw Campus has running today for the Packer Game, this is a deal you don't wanna miss!
ps a girl with Autism at work stopped crying and got up to start dancing to Party by Beyoncé and it made my life lol
Yep. 1878. Crumbly old journals, yo. Gotta love 'em.
U know what, letting that mess go right along wit the stress...it's out of my hands and in God's so I need 2 just do what I can and b
tight hugs
Fun Homeschoolers program but I get a D in prep. Miscounted chickens, cardboard, & brass fasteners. Correctable though.
championship teams don't blow games like that. You all are on death ground now.
Heading to for a shift with
haha, I sometimes forget that people can see what I'm listening to. it's made for a festive two days!
New tracks coming soon
they do look pretty solid.
You will never become a fine leader until you become a fine servant. -Ellie Lofaro
Tonight I'll be Suites BAR 900 East,Meriden,Ct. 9pm-2am shot specials and drink specials All Night come down...
I haven't been able to Tweet for a while due to family members back in the hospital, but I have someone to introduce to everyone.
I meant "girl" not "girk."
I love my friends (: <3
Today is 1 year anniversary! We are going to throw one hell of a party tonight!
maybe french thinks you're boring! did you ever think of french's feelings?!
bringing it in with a good bowl . Hope you are ready for lots of company?
hey, great having you on Wednesday. What did you think? Hope to see you back this Wednesday!!
Get left in the crowd or keep up...
Right back at you Mark...Youre more then Welcome.
Dj john tonight! The wall is open, its a nice night to be out on the town. Stop in for a drink!
today in "pathetic news from my personal life"—my OpenTable account was suspended due to "an excessive amount of no shows"
ha ha we were talking about Real Housewives of New Jersey and having a throwdown with the spoiled biatches
haha...glad I can help
Will DM u, had a stumbling block, but trying to get updated version up this wkend. i.e. before nxt wk's hearing.
Usually I'm awake at 5am bc I can't ever sleep. Now, it's bc I slept a few hours & had strange dreams. Guess it's time to start the day.
Running business cards for a ROCKET SHIP COMPANY! Thrilling!
rally the troops I think there's practice today.
will do later on...thanks.
. Lego model of Brandenburg Gate: the model as the Gate, or as the pieces so that someone else can build the Gate
Dave Letterman makes sick jokes on #RonPaul second day in the row. Telling lies RP dropped out via emails to his supporters. Boycott D.L!
SAY SOMETHIN!!! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY IT AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE...AND AFTER THAT TOO!
My Lil' dude sleep too damn wild
My new coworker looks just like - RAWR! How utterly distracting this is going to be.
Should have bagged it for you J! Smelled like a new cash cover to me!!
. A paper is needed on how stop & frisk affects mental/physical health, stress, & in younger men of color, school attendance.
haha! I'll send my personal jet
Also, I am very glad you're looking at an established institution instead of some place based in a strip mall.
Hurry up with that album RT :
RT : Want to get over 24K followers before Mubarak resigns. Hurry!
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Even if you don't pick me, I can't wait to see pictures because it will be epic
A code of conduct will be established...this is to be created legislatively. Will also increase penalties for abuse.
i'm a lamer
I Just Seen A Preview Of It Last Night & It Made Me Cry... That Would Be So Hard To Go Through.. A Friend Of Mine Went Thru That...
I think okay
has done one great thing...made us all take more political action. Something he might regret. Go state workers and unions!
your twitter is despicable. I'm actually in shock. Disgusting.
sounds good! (:
: No, we will never "endorse" Romney. But we will work hard against Obama. //Amen!
I've heard the same about EVITA.... was wondering how Ricky Martin would handle the role....
I don't know... you always get this "I just watched the world explode," look in your eye afterward and it kinda creeps me out.
Hoes cum n a bakers dozen...
ya. I'm patiently waiting for and 's duet album to come. That shit.... will be epic
Haha a creepy old man!
Watch Lindsay Lohan age before your eyes- time lapse: via
haha yea I forgot about that ... Stupid cunt
Open House yard signs popping up like dandelions around town. Have you seen one?
Q4 I want to try the pearlescent colors. I love a little shimmer
thanks P. Can't wait to see live! Best wishes for a great new year for you, and !
oh thought u were serious...already bought a ring
We have the #Honda #Fit! 7 of them. They are too scarce and we won't be getting many more for a while.
We would never have learned to walk if we were afraid of falling.
Hey Mike! When are we hitting the links?
You should produce it. Sounds awesome. At least do a table read.
I just wanna sleep everyday, all day 😳
Welcome new followers, #WW to
To say that I am outta shape is an understatement. Just ran for thirty minutes and I swear the sidewalk moved.
Wrapping up the guest list to The Rios Family and Friends Fun day Field @ Mile High...July 26th, 2009 C U There!
AY YO. Dollar sludge bars all night or until we run out. Why? Because it's Little 5. And everything is awesome. Especially us.
Weekend & convenient location voting common in Europe.
If Blanka gets the tickets I'm gonna cry!❤❤❤
you know you have our votes for #obama2012, can I get a follow for the new year?
I B SINGIN DEM BALLOTS WHILE HE TOSSN MY SALAD WHEN I PET MY PARROT ALL HE C IS COLORFUL KARAT$
Delayed at DIA...sore, tired & ready to be home.
who runs the wax twitter and why do you out up such boring posts?
love you love you love you love you love you :)
point remains. If it was an apple product you would have sacrificed your first born to test it the same day not a year later
You're welcome babe! & i don't think it true ! i mean the rumor !!
yeah play was made by Taylor, nzegwu picked up the scraps.
Everybody should follow our parent company !
Someone said this awhile ago. Could Josh Smith really be our Superstar? When his head is in the game he's pretty good.
I'm not sure. She hasn't had a convo w/me in over a month besides 4 on Easter wen she sed "happy Easter" that was basicaly it.
3000 is a BEAST!! So many quotables it's ridiculous!!
AW...I miss those WB sunsets. :(
J. K. Rowling~ Ah music. A magic beyond all we do here
MT : increasingly valuable to be able to build visibility in networked public: real connections, not "student" role.
for reals! I loved the maneater album!
Are you in the entertainment Game and you need promotion then contact . we will work for you
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book? They all have phones.
Good night cody(:
They're not used to this number of figures being in an England second-wicket total.
i would just to smack'em
RT : happy to announce that the #winner of our #slspops contest at #sls12 brought to you by is !
Haha! Yeah working out is always my struggle too :)
Why can't people care about people that aren't interested in buy, sell, credit, payment, service, just 2.99, 10.99, APR, financing =HATE
Now watching tape of Tannehill and 's boyfriend Jeff Fuller jumps out. Watched him get better of Patrick Peterson numerous times
Happy birthday to my moms love u mom
Tripping over you like a crack on the floor
Cool u support the Pacers, even though your not from here. Saw you on the jumbotron last nite, missed the 2 beers though lol.
": Another 2lbs for a total of 17.5. Just the beginning! Thanks for all your help!" Huge Kevin! Great example for all!
Or worse, tweet. RT : #ThingsMenShouldn'tTextEachOther: boxers or briefs?
A missing chopstick makes for a messy lunch.
Now that you have your undergraduate degree, there is an expectation that you will spell names correctly
My TL is not what's up right now.
Who want's the LAST chapter of My Secrets?? 3+Likes ~Leanne<21
Be careful when applying creams and oils to the upper lids and forehead. These substances can gravitate into the eyes and cause burning.
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Working some roofs in Norman. And a School!
What The Fuck Is There To Do I'm Bord Az Shit.
I grew up on that other side getting it in
Omg i hvnt been on here in 4evaa
off to miami!
Drinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
We only clean crappy shirts.
I don't care what anyone says, Move Along is my favorite AAR album :)
God Bless Everyone.
: thanks for the love last night! Great to be back and working!
CW is handling the “damage control” on a case-by-case, personal basis to make it right. “This is a pretty tough pill for us to swallow.”
Happy birthday favvcuz!!!
cool brah im watching prison break
Having a 'Laverne & Shirley' moment looking at bottler.
Your daughter was a great inspiration - Alan Gerry
The audition went great! Ate some Panda Express.. Now shopping at the Westside Paviillon
Hey, Matt - you've been hacked.
hey about to go eat then later to the park for so volleyball with friends maybe cant wait yah!:)
Im focused on what I have...instead of what I dont....grateful.
you should stand up in front of them the rest of the game
sales associates are still human!
I'm in the cafeteria at school for a few hours. Come on down if you need some help.
I work for T Mobile :)
Just created hosting accounts for my #GaETC workshops. If you will be there in ATL drop by and get your hands dirty with
Wrapping my head around pointers and arrays in #C. Fascinating stuff!
Dig it up hmm hmm, dig it
Any flashmobbers at the twestival yet?
Doh! Just figured it out... I don't have a poc single story. Too many friends, colleagues w/many diverse stories.
Aww we love you!
Thanks for the birthday wishes. Good memories of Gil-B and Algebra class too! We will always be the Pirates!
Im not gonna say anything before its official...but I've got a crazy line up for Febuary!!!!!
RT : dataviz is high science and art - so many layers to appreciate. will see it more in edu with more data becoming available.
RT :Just a friendly reminder...filmmakers and casting directors. PLEASE state whether your casting is for union or non union!
what about leaving paper towels on the counter to dry and reuse?
Hey what's up everyone tonight I'll be spinning live at "Big Nose Kate's" at 11-3 gonna be a crazy night 21+
might be going sat or sun. are you also going?
Time to de-Flash your site? - Computerworld Australia
Anytime Tusk comes up when listening to music, I have to listen to it 6+ times.
Thanks girl. I have a lead for you are you free for a call?
you go girl!!
Manning gave about 100 people outside the complex a fist pump after a six hour meeting ..serenaded to the Vols chant
#ItHurtsWhen You give love to someone and they don't give any back..
No Castle? Okay, I'll just go to bed at a decent time! Goodnight!
When im gone u can turn on ur radio
Why must I love the villains so much. Klaus, Clay, Victoria, Damon, Voldemort... What is it about the villains
Now we go
Great meeting , looking forward to working with you!
best brunch in seattle kids? where is it at?
I *can* if need be, so after a earned self-pat on the back, here I am. How's things in your little corner of NOLA? And Isabella?
congrats to you, #spam should get you banned
I offer weekend hours for emergencies, and the weekend warriors who need a good massage after the game!
Highlight of night: laying in bed cuddlin w/puppy while listening to giggle at Colbert talking about wheat thins (?). :-)
Can Alison Brie charleston on stilts?
great show last night at the hemlock
Wow. 20-hour rager might finally be going to rest. Drinkin this open #topochico and passing out!
How's Blurring Boundaries coming along... wish I could pick it up now
Oh red velvet cup cakes? Yum
I'm convinced that got his Mass Communications degree from Everest
Romney is so adept switching positions if he loses the Repub. nomination he could easily switch parties and run against Obama as a Democrat.
i wish we had book fairs at my school again..
very cool use of mirrors in London store windows! Shown in report on VM: Emerging Trends!
I didn't even need nearly 140 either! Thanks! :)
Surprised Lester is below the Wandy line...what's your analysis on that?
I think the question is, who doesn't want them!
It's Funny How Everyone calls us "Pretty" and "Beautiful" but when we look in the mirror we see the complete opposite.
Sitting here looking like a loner at world culture night.
damn, girl ;)
so cinderella is open!
You, too!
Cant't see straight
Nigga light skin jus started....22 year ago lol but man bout ta go over dis nigga c crib an watch him promote lol
haha, one word. Non. (i dont think so ?)
Profile image: , “For The Women’s House,” 1971, Oil on canvas, 96x96 in, Courtesy Rose M. Singer Center, NY, © Faith Ringgold
What are you doing 12pm Wed EST? Join and me for our first ever #EFChat -how freelancers can attract bigger clients
RT : ROI is time not money
omg, I'm so hawt
Did you know that next week, May, marks the start of Allergy & Asthma Awareness Month.. What is ONE thing you want to learn!
alright fine, ima be civil about this lemme get the lil sneak peek, then you can have her for good.
Getting Readyy! :) Listening to music! hehe
Get your ass ready to shake!!!
Friday may 18th everypeople workshop (jazz) charlesmantis (beats) at transistor (art, records, futuristic)in Chicago 7:30 pm in north center
I have high hopes. First gen phones always suffer growing pains, but the second gen are going to be awesome.
Proud of you guys!
People say 50 is the new 40 but if you are 50 and loose your job if seems like 50 is the new 70. I feel old.
That he put him in a situation where he could end up having 4 ER to his name is just baffling.
At work with the worst headache ugh!!!! 3:00 hurry pls!!!.
Dam.. You might have to re-wallpaper!
Busy is good for business but I never imagined being this busy and still not having time for my own projects.
S/O to , the best Stunt Directory out there. If your a #stuntman or #stuntwoman you need to be on
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "DATING... Have 10 Questions Ready That Will Reveal Who They Are."
Doug Morier will be performing this week as part of the Fowler Out Loud concert series at the Fowler Museum. Will you be there?...
": Got so many compliments on the earrings I wore today" Aw yay!! Did you take any pics?!
Did you shop at a farmer's market this weekend? What did you buy?
Mitch Hedberg fans: See his movie and other cool stuff at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson IN Aug. 12 at 7pm. www.andersonpaaramount.org
I love watching Republicans bitch about Obama having bin Laden taken out. How can they use Islamist boogeymen if we keep killing them!?
Yeah Rays. 12-2 vs. Toronto
Celebrating the one year anniversary of following my dream. So far, so good!
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loves ones to see another day :)
Thank you for sharing your photo with us!
So glad to be done with accounting
No, only 2 hours!
Happy 4th. Made a twist on a strawberry shortcake. Nothing's more delicious than fresh cream, ripe berries, and red velvet.
New appreciation for the country
Hope tabling's going well at the Student Involvement Expo today! I miss you all!
“: This thunderstorm is really wicked. Our cat just hissed at the lightning.” hahaha
#ThingsAssHolesDo not buy a t-shirt from us
Bay Area earthquake. Magnitude not showing up on the Internet yet.
Oh no! Unfortunately we can't request a specific car type yet, I'm sorry! :(
I'm about to watch it, I'll tell you if I cryed or not
practice was canceled after waiting for an hour to turn off the lightning detector...and it wasnt even raining
Hey look even follows us now. We are behind or maybe we just need to get Jake to use his account.
We have almost 400 followers!! Go like our FB! We have posted pictures from tonight's
Good Morning Everyone..! I hope that we all have another great and healthy one..!
comics? I guess I didn't think it through. :-)
Welcome to Mollywood is so hard
she looks way more excited than you. Lol
Audio Books - all Neil Gaiman. Suchet reading Agatha Christie. I find both their voices soothing and the books good. :)
:) good luck Madeline!
Mazel Tov to on a great event in Columbus and to Jackie Jacobs the honoree. I was happy to be a part of it.
upgrade your cell phone at www.fhtmus.com/iwillmovement click on wireless shop RT
thanks for following us !
Or keep spit/bodily fluids out of your food. Moral of story: Don't bite the hand that brings you food. Even dogs know this.
Rodeo Kick-Off Concert happening now at Norris Penrose Event Center!
You make me so confused
At least they are consistent.
bank of America is Not helping its customers so where is the money going? Made9 billion in service fees in 2011alone ???
good point... guess I'm gonna have to cause this mattress is ruined.
#sincewebeinghonest sometimes I think Julian loves you more than he loves me!! :o :(
It feels so amazing to be in my bed
Sadly, I have had a cold and the damn thing is taking it's time to leave me! Xoxo
This looks super yummy! I'm also a fan of the Grillin' Beans :)
yes, it is. It's going to be long and slow... but with great friends.
Missionary and business leader Rev. Gary Platt is our guest preacher this morning. Can't to hear his message.
#FreeJerseyMonday BEARS BEARS BEARS!!! Eagles SUCK!!!
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today ! set up your free artist profile,and start selling your music! You keep 100% of the sales revenues!
Reading all of these #gc2012 tweets is reminding me how funny we United Methodists are.
I will always love you..
You'll call it fate, I'll call it karma.
No taxation without representation.
Thanks @ MRMerrick and !
Bamboozle starts tomorrow... Were excited to see everyone!
I think I'm gonna have to head home early today.
I dont even know
I saw a but whoppin that Trevaris put on you!
Sure- still think they should have worked on the fan base they had, though. Make PGE a bit friendlier. Promote better. etc.
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great night :)
Sorry to hear of your loss today!
lol...i get ya. :D hope you are good.
Highway 20 reopened at Santiam Pass... Slides cleared.
Today should be interesting. Fuck stress. I'm getting tired of that shit.
has 4 awesome bands on tonight. Check us out for the best indie rock in Toronto.
yep. I definitely can't complain.
Instrumentation for Audiology amp Hearing Science Theory amp Practice Shlomo Silman Michele Emmer - calibration dvd
We Need to Boycott the Whole season, if there's one....
The #Nuggets are closing out well early.
RIP BOB MARLEY
Enjoy it Andrew now go replace a 4 time MVP GOOD LUCK
We should! Curious as to what you're up to.
This girl on bgc is hit Ughh
i'm sorry babe, i'm here!
Happy new year tweetsters!!
you left me DX
baseless accusation alleging corruption & mismanagement. As if d opposition is so clean huh?!
Hearing song lyrics that describe your feelings perfectly and thinking, "Wow."
Donald Foster~ No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
YAAAAAY RT : Here comes the grounds crew to pull the tarp again.
LMAO at " #Spurs vs. Clerics"
You are welcome
I really don't wanna talk to him , why did I even text him
Buenos Dias #San Francisco y #BayArea!
A reminder that Some Kind of Safari is TONIGHT @ the Alberta St. Teahouse at 7pm! Complimentary tea for attendees, donations accepted.
Are you coming to our events today? Please check-in with us and tell your friends!
Today I am happily following !
your in highschool ?
ugh! those were some low points in my life haha
How do buyers engage and find lawyers? 70% relationships but 20% thru digital presence = lots of opps
When you are waiting for the bus and someone asks, “Has the bus come yet?”. If the bus came would I be standing here?
Calling all fans of Ireland and everything Irish! Come to Irish Family Day at The Domes! Noon to 4pm today! Call 414-257-5611 for info.
A #Sagittarius will sacrifice time, money and energy to help others.
CNN and Megan Robertson confirming Mike Bloomberg will be holding a press conference at 7:30pm at City Hall. Terrorism related.
Looking forward to filming this Sunday! Always enjoy working with
so how'd that tiger bet turn out for ya this weekend?
I just got back from school and I'm leaving to another.#itSUCKS I know right?!?!
Book lovers never go to bed alone. Author Unknown
Good Will Hunting shxt | Boston Rather open a shop there than LA, LA's too congested
411 gurls who put to much makeup on beware wrinkles will show early!
HOPE NOW Reports 74K Loan Mods in January, Focuses on Military
Are you and Madeline the same person?
Hate a bitch who wears Hella diamond rings but they b Hella foggy n dirty n shit
you had a heck of a season & should b proud of ur accomplishments. The iWillPark team, as all true niner fans do,support u
Mid 20's - but I KILLED it at the Combine....
Hold fast strong to your cell phones. There is a lot of cell phone stealing going around recently Call Police first, provider 2nd.
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
“: When my best friend isn't at school: 5% Hoping they're okay. 95% How dare you leave me alone!”
Join us in the Car Barn 311 to hear Dr. David Ribes talk on Science and Technology Studies!
okay! We will follow you(:
Well I'm glad I'll be catching him in a good mood tomorrow.
Super morning. Hotel lobby buzzing. Met bobby valentine. Told him big mets fan supporter and to beat the yanks!
:)) your nice LOL
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink? Bartender says "for you, no charge"!
Going to have fun tomorrow.. cause after that.. everything will change.
#imissyoubut i'm better without you
chilling down christy park
If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon' miss ya, No lie, no lie
hope everyone's halloween is a good one! be safe, try not to run over any devilish children.
I hope you had a good bash last night.And wore something sparkly.
“Spring forward, Fall back” Remember to set your clocks back for daylight savings tonight!
Diversity and Inclusion training today. Hope it doesn't hurt.
Great day for us today! Building stronger relationships, it's always a win win.
Its a small world..
haha u want that quick put on.. That's the only reason ppl listen to that d-bag
“: The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: closed. Remember you can always call our Roof Hotline at (800) 774-8587.”
why r u gettn tattoo?
I wish I wish had asked me about Clayton Christensen's anti- #highered work for her article on him in
What a GREAT message! Thank you sincerely, M&M! Also, don't forget to take out the trash tomorrow.... ;)
Slow and gentle like I was saving the wrapping paper. LOL RT if I was a present under your tree how would you unwrap me ??
Book is in my office! If you're in Trinity at all today, come get it.
re: UK's Teague - his old team (our Pike HS) won 2day. Will play next Sat @ IN 4A state finals.. #MarchMadness indeed.
La fitness.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
I believe I was ur 1 millionth follower. What movie do I get to be in
Yea! For happy cat ending! Well done, you guys, for collecting him and finding the owner. Gold stars all 'round.
nope my parents are not understanding people more like do what we want or we'll disown you.
“: Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.” amen to that!! #that'sme
you really are lol
#iftwitterwerehighschool I'd be unpopular, but of course that aint how it works :)
yes! fresh is best :)
Celebrity Buzz: Octo Mom is in the news again this time a little more than you want to see
thanks for the follow!
Is it 5:30 yet?! We're getting antsy for the #EarthDay celebration at tonight!
I want Heinz. 2nd choice wold be Ben Lamb.
Well no party tonight get to spend it with the fam
Fundraising message from H-Net today made me realize that I am still on a dozen lists. It seems half have been moribund.
welcome to twitter!
FOODS THAT HEAL: FOODS THAT HEAL- ... Your Price: $5.00. GARLIC HEALING POWERS. Average Rating, 0 Review(s). Your Price: $10.00. CHLO...
Looking forward to an exciting news report tonight
Up an running after a long time figuring out how to make a website. www.asylumradioonline.com
i wanna confess a lot of shit to a lot of people.
Music gives us hope when we think that there is none.
holy shit!! Mike Richards and Jeff Carter traded on the same day! Flyers are blowing up the team...
#madeupsexualpositions Reverse Platypus
The Jonas Brothers & Dance Until Tomorrow :33
#riodejaneiro lets make it trending topic :D
cause my friend got on my profile and he thot it looked like me, not my fault
Chocolate milk(:
Me either and my seasonal depression gets so bad in Jan and Feb. I think thats one of the reasons I kinda dont dig NYE!
Confronted with ubiquitous seemingly instantaneous computing, media theory needs a better genealogy of its own history.
It seems like The Rangers have gotten a ton of hits right up the middle! Killers!
Restarting # plankaday tomorrow! Needed a break to get my running started.
Egghh last day of summer. -______- NOT AMUSED
Today, #ScarySweater is nowhere to be seen. Instead, it's #SassyScarf! ;)
amanda bynes cant be arrested... screw the police!
Did you finish a 30 day yoga challenge recently? Motivate others by tweeting us the benefits you gained from your dedication to practice :-)
PRO TIP: When u see a woman reading 50 Shades Of Gray u can walk right up to her & start making out. No questions asked.
thanks roxy shout outs are #awesome and so is getting strong!
you gonna have to let that shit burn lol
Yes. RT : #bdconf suggests graphic and interaction designers should be the same people. ("Both disagree with me.")
the #LibShow is passing through my town. We've got some great libraries and better people for you to see and meet.
J. Edgar was great, but a little too by-the-numbers. Maybe my expectations were unrealistic, though.
if not as "terrorists," how would you label them? (curious)
you go Man Fly
at Berklee College of Music for Brad Mehldau and Joshua Redman.
Are you arriving at LAX, departing from, or just passing through? If the former, we should grab a drink!
“: I miss little ANT ANT , What about you TAY TAY ??” Duh.. But he don't wanna move back.. Lol
that is excellent.
Herman Cain did a good job with the press conference.
I cried when I watched Ben Breedlove's videos on his heart condition...
My iPod is the shit!!
can't wait man! All up to now!
Ah, the accents of home.
If you give your girl 100% She'll most likely give you 1,000%. Anything less and well expect the same!
ouch that hurt :\ lol
NOTHING THEIR
I would love to write a book but I'm still not sure about what. I have a few ideas but not sure if I would have enough to finish it.
I like the new look of your site. Sharp Things going well?
Me too! I'll try to call you on Monday.
Thank you!
thanks to I'm able to "sit in" on the slavery session I was most looking forward to
Let us know if Dan helps u out. Make today #GreaterThan!
Gave Kerry Kennedy a tour this afternoon!
it is! just busy, but great :)
Hate watching movies about love
Getting ready for the opening keynote Molly Raphael ALA president!
Well, there's that too. :D
yes they are...on iTunes under OUTspoken Radio!! Some great new things on the horizon for the show!
New video coming soon!! I'm figuring out how to get the videos onto the ipad and into imovie. WORK brain WORK!
Thanks for coming on the air with us today on You rock!
march madness part ll
I wont think twice about walking with you as long as you stand for something...
I'm serious too ill buy
Consider registering for a charity fitness event. With the date looming, it will help you stay motivated to get fit in time for the event.
Good night, John Boy....
haha tell me when and we can rock the place we can bring like six people
haha me and mark are moving!
perfect. I'm pretty sure i've see that same commercial.
Small Group Adventures USA. Celebrate our launch - buy one tour and bring your best friend free! offer ends March 25th!
Roger that, Captain! Sometimes you gotta do what's best for the books! Thanks for your support; ROYGBIV all the way.
I work 2-4 then I'm staying for a while to eat there
Nothing says "Welcome to Valley Communty College" quite like a chubby Armenian in an Affliction shirt talking loudly on his cell phone. Ugh.
awww.. C'mon!!! We love any crowd noise that doesn't include Boo or Hiss just likes a crowd to make noise!!
Just had me some chicken minis from Chick Fil A. Gotta love breaks from class and chick Fila is just 3 min away. Delish!
London friends, hope you're safe, be careful!!! xoxo
Then shoot himself .. What the fuck is wrong with people?? now im texting my dad every 20 mins to make sure nothing happened :/
I should be the biggest star of this movie
We are not formally associated with www.fostercarealumni.org but hope to gain an official charter in the coming months.
Thanks for supporting , Shannon!
ANNOUNCEMENT: is holding a live game watch in #Providence on 2/28 for #UConn v. #PC. More details on Facebook page soon! 50 tix
where you shop HOT TOPIC ?!?!
excited to play together next week!
the single is called "down" ;)
LOVE Bucketfeet and companies that give back! Thanks for an eye-opening show!
Are they still in the Legwarmers? Some of my co-workers went to the show in #rva this weekend.
That was atrocious.
Just call me Tammy Taylor! I'm here and am hoping to spot her. She's alive and well in my mind.
Supporters are key to pushing you to stickK to your goal. Sorry we had to erase it for you, but next time you'll have success!
I've never been so happy about the grammys.
Also, look forward to the chefs stories on the website over the next week.
:( the #beachlife will miss you.
hell yeah im from Nashville wats it to ya.
Just looked back over my entire tweet history from the last 5 years. What's happened to me? I want the old Matt Hagger back.
You guys, I'm still super excited about seeing the shuttle. That was just so cool. I feel like I'm 8 years old!
I don't think TARC will take him that far.
Evan, give me le play doh back
Wishing Everyone a Great Thanksgiving!
Age & innocence.
Let me write up the details of what I can provide and offer you a quote. It will be too long for a twitter post. email?
What's yo blood type, and please don't say nun other than the word bitch... 47.8% of guys are #BitchMade Ladies iz yur man??
Finishing high school is going to be the strangest feeling
He writes on them. But you have to write what you want on it when you order the stuff. If you don't write what you want on it then he ju ...
Even though that was on derek fischer it was still sick.
Eagles draft Fletcher Cox DT Miss. St.
Thanks! I'm so proud of him right now! :D
okay I will have her do that. Thank you!
thank you very much!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #BBN loves you. May you have a #blessed day!
I'm not skeptical of unicorns. I'm sure they don't exist. However, I can't prove it for certain. Am I unicorn-agnostic?
I imagine it's the same face he makes during oral. RT Old guy "guitar face" is seriously creeping me out.
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more
oh yeah I hadn't been with him for a week I was chillan with my mom Yeah alright I got you b(:
Cutter, everyone wants to pilot a hover craft :)
It's a beautiful fall day. Is your house ready for winter? Call us early to make sure your home is ready for snow
Gimme your Dad's email... RT : Ok... I'm back on track! Now what!?
Athletes 'train to win'. The rest of us should 'exercise for a better quality of life'. CG Philosophie.
Twitter >>>> Everything
I so want to do this! RT #Brewers announce plans for half marathon in Sept. Of course, there's a post-race tailgate.
thanks! RT : I ❤ Avi...you all look so handsome.
New dates to be announced soon. Stay tuned...
who Jah bless no man curse...
I like One Direction,dont get me wrong,but have u heard Greyson?Hes talented especially for his age and u obviously haven't heard Purple Sky
Economic independence is the foundation of the only sort of freedom worth a damn.
Yes I am SO relieved, I could just picture them up there chewing all of our wiring to bits. Whew!
I know!! I wasn't sure I heard that right!
but trust me, that is a great problem to have, I get to work with amazing people daily, and I am vastly thankful
is jettin to work.
spanked with a belt peace out got to go to bed tweet u later
Last day! Going to , 50% off books at AltaMira Press, and staffing the EMP booth!
well you have more followers now :) enjoying your summer?
Cool, I would love that.
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it!
hey. you're a comic. me 2. will check out your links. wanna hear a great joke? Liberty and justice for all. And I quote.
If anybody got a chip in their windshield from the W I-44 rock spill give us a call. We can direct bill most insurance companies.
well, I tried that. still waiting for it to take effect. maybe a 2nd glass...
Can't the and just agree to both suck and share last place in the NL Central for an evening / morning ?
and Please Follow Me!! :D <33
When it comes to Tone-Loc, I prefer the album version of Cheeba Cheeba to the "Og 12" Version"
no but I can it's legal now
Let's make millions together!!
nice quote! and nice pic too btw ;) follow me!
Busy week! I am very much looking forward to a day off tomorrow. It will be my first one this month!
Thanks! We should be posting something new every two weeks, either on facebook, bandcamp or youtube! :)
OR MAYBE NOT!!!! If he only knew!!! Got me going crazy. He just might be special."
ENJOYING SPENDING TIME WITH FRIENDS........ENJOYED A RELAXING WEEKEND
what?! Are you serious?!!
I do. Tml
I accidentally slept for 11 hours. Somewhere along the line, I became old and absolutely no fun.
Also, I think Draper's shirtlessness is a contractual "necessity."
Rangers n Caps game 7 at MSG ! The joint is jumpin'
Can someone tell me how this band of idiots, the Tea Party, held us all hostage? Come on Dems, stop the madness!
The closer u get 2 god the devil will tryn 2 hindered u 4rm focusing on ur path 4rm goind forward
My MLB feed sucks today!
Weaves!!! You got a twitter! I miss u
At #saa11 research forum. 3G is weak, 0-1 cell phone bars. Sigh.
you played your a.. off, thank you!
U r quite the connoisseur !!! When's your deadline?
Prolixis my ass! How you in your 20's taking a pill to better your sex performance?
Keep it real in the field hunting Easter eggs.
My cat would scratch my left hand/wrist area -___- now ppl are gonna yell at me... I didn't do it :/
Today has been full of ups and downs, and right now i could use pick me up, therefor its time to start on a new song, wish me luck.
we were waiting for the bus. no one much around but us. then i see this young boy cut a look at me
I second Jonathan's thought, Peter. Perfect place to start.
“: A WORLD without a #Pisces is a World without iPhones, iPads, iPods && iMacs cause Steve Jobs (Mr. Mac) was a #Pisces !!!”
THAT WAS SUCH A SEXY PERFORMANCE. OMGG. I can't breathe. i need u. u are perfect♥ omg
3 teams - you rock
many thanks
I love the unexpected...
Thanks! Hoping to stop and see you today!
Thanks for the RT on the Sidewalk Sale!
ME! Going modified GAPS baby...a la Chriss Kresser/Paleo (adding starches) Thx for your tweets!!!
RT : RT : Gas prices are going up 5¢ tonight -> electricity prices are staying the same. I <3 Electric Vehicles
Visit SOUTHSIDE DISCOUNT MALL off TARA BLVD to pick up your copy of FEEL GOOD MUSIC: VOL.1 today!
They Didn’t Like My Ad Campaign: New “Irish Spring” Just Like A Swift Kick In The Balls. .
Just recorded "What a wonderful world" let me know if you would like and mp3 sent to you.
Weirdest touchdown ever
Keeping busy. You? I did a quick run around the neighborhood yesterday. First in too long. Painful/exhausting :(
thanks dudes...of course. lets do it!
Not my favorite beer.
please call and I will set you up with a great deal 619-231-8030
RT : ..but we all want the legacy to outlast us & only way to do that is to share it..[great decision]
btw someone 'sabotaged' my pandora mobile and for the past 30mins i have been listening to (and enjoying it).
Would love to chat with you about Fon penetration in the U.S.
Thanks for the shout out, Glenn!
Circu Du Sole boys at the Golds Gym Milwaukee while I work out! ;)
what could be better?
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 1-5
S/o to my new follower
I've seen her in the store, just as a casual shopper though.
@ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 3:30: Author Sheila L. Agnew presents "Inspiration for Women Over 40", a workshop about embracing aging.
Anybody know where I can find yo gotti my life songs at? I know it's old
Realtor Expo was great!! Thanks to HAR and all participants!!
favorite golf course in Portland area?
Going to the office this lovely Sunday to work on my client's case.
#schoolmemories the times when u provoke ur teacher
“: With 1st NFL paycheck bought his mother a Tiffany necklace with a key on it b/c "she was the key to my success"” sweet!
thank you for the new music suggestion, we will check her out :)
the bumper yeah but its still smoking on and off, something always wrong with this piece of shit lol idec nomore
Shows in Houston, Nola, and Birmingham next week! Fall tour dates coming soon!
My colleague just had a epiphany!
Thanks! I'll be posting links about the auction on twitter as soon as I figure out how. LOL
Time to role play: Your friend's dog wasn't spayed and now she's pregnant. What do you tell your friend to do?
I'll come around...if the half full glass is Lagunitas IPA.
Every time my companion died, I just loaded the latest autosave. Lemme guess, was it your Whiterun housecarl?
We are setting the templates for our future now! The key is in the present moment, not in some far off future. The key is who you are rig…
Happy President's Day! The Greater Orlando Miracle Board loves their new 2012 President, Stephen Lumpkins!
Dear #RedSox I would like very much for you not to blow this lead. We know you can hold on for the victory! Signed, all of us.
I'm glad the UK players are holding the press conference during my basketball playing time tonight because I am terrible at goodbyes.
ok my phone is being a #badass... lol it dont want to come on and work
Thanks Stephani. It's hard to tell from the photo, but the reflection in the water was beautiful.
Havent cared so little about BC Football game since 2001 when I was a Notre Dame fan in high school
Arab League wants to appear "moral" by opposing Gadhafi, but doesn't want to be seen supporting a Western war in the Arab world.
needs to change her voicemail...and twitter profile! :)
Its still looking that will be our president another 4 years cuz the Republicans don't have now a candidate what makes sense
Silverfish are the bane of my existence. I can't get rid of them! I think they move with me from place to place.
<--- feeling very blessed that i have a timeline where absolutely no one says "rise and grind"
Live like no one else today so you can live like no one else tomorrow.
can't wait to see you smash Green Bay...love some tickets!
I like twitter for keeping up with the tech news but facebook for personal stuff
thank you :D
Munch city bro!
RT: On this day in 1940 - Winston Churchill became British Prime Minister.
Best play call by far all season
is only thugging because its
thank u hun
With the 91st pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Ichiro
Fag ass nigga
I can't say that I am a huge basketball fan, but I am glad #cincinnati is getting so much attention!
Does age really matter? just looks like a bacon hawk to me... :3
If you always do what you have always done, well: YOU ARE NOT CHANGING. Step back from your wagon and make some new choices.
hey girl, look over by the door :-) Hope your presentation went well.
Kristen Stewart is so awkward.. Its annoying hahaa
Kyle would tell you to fucking retweet this.
Hard work can only get u so far. He might have been on too many "performance enhancers" before. He may never be good again.
Well my nights about done... Night twitter
find republicans or movie stars that are ass holes and bother the crap out of them!
even if you cant get a certain someone to notice you i cant hurt to keep trying
Thanks! Hope you have a great weekend :D
alriite... no one's perfect, you and I both know it's bound to happen eventually! LOL!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki & Ben made has a Twitter account. #bachelor #hansSnowman All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Hope to see the two of you soon! RT : Missing RA & w/ !
It's all I asked for. Instead...I got Blackhawks monopoly. #sigh ...
Let's get this closing done and move on to next deal.
Aaron's widdle guinea pig is dying ):
why thank you little lady
He didn't even PLAY third! What the shit, Mookie?
ya i dont remember either.. hahaha
you can do it if I can! which has perhaps not been established.
guscave purchased Twista - Whitney Houston... Check email for transaction details.
<3 idea of invented tweet chat between characters.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too! Have a great day :o)
at bogarts kicked ass last night! Great times!
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet!
tbh I'm not a fan of 'fact checking' future-looking statements. How can u fact check what hasn't happened yet?
I'm having a country music phase. #yeehaw lol
“: is aware of this” they was my personal invitation to Ed btw. Signed sealed delivered.
I can't wait until June 19!
btw, most of his videos were fake. <\Slope/>
that would make a pretty sprakle for sony vegas. c:
morning ari! have a safe flight! <3
i'm so punny :D
sounds like a hell of a time yeeeeeehhhhaaawwww
The Holidays are here... Cum see what we have to offer! Host a Passion Party TODAY!!
haha I don't, I was wing sarcastic. I could actually care less
Sometimes ignoring "the industry" and telling a good story that you love to tell is what makes the phone ring.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I have nothing to do! Lol
Co-washing: washing your hair using conditioner instead of shampoo. If you have coarse, curly and dry hair try co-washing for less frizz.
#HungerGames is Hella Amazing ! All the undertone messaging was unbelievable
Bedlam on mass street
“: Don't know why I'm on such a Beastie Boys kick lately.”. Agreed.
You and I both!
bent but not broken, hanging on by a thread.
Thank you Mark Reynolds!
Souvenir is amazing, Bought it!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.- Muhammad Ali
UVA students, make sure you leave enough time to tie a full windsor knot before the noon PSU game. Half windsors are unbecoming.
thanks so much - have a great week
Awe okay boo:)<3
What's up with the Physics EOC being the hardest test of my life? Totally guessed on everything, k.
I'm in Bali and so far I've seen 4 people wearing Yankees hats!
aye thanks brotha
Singing "One Headlight" at karaoke is one of the best decisions I've made in weeks.
Papa penguin is not giving the chick up. Mama penguin is shitty. 🐧
In fact the said that under the #GOP Budget those earning over $1 million a year would receive $265,000 in NEW tax breaks
that's hot!
thanks man! Really appreciate it! Looking forward to hearing some new stuff from you LDSP cats soon! :]
Radioactive Radiation Fallout Symbol Adult Pullover Hooded Sweatshirt Hoody Hoodie – Purple
Ugh it's Mondayy :/!
thank you ! you are too <3
love u! Text me tomorrow and tell me how it goes(:
": Seems like the #Grizzles might still have a big head from last season's playoffs... instead of big win, came up with #EpicFail"
The Aggie game made me think the Texas Longhorns should look into getting one of those, what are they called again, running backs?
#redsox Red Sox Alley Show and other great content on iPhone, Android and more! Sign up with promo code ALLEY
Congratulations on your film screening at Sistas Doing it For Themselves!!!!!!!!!
You just got pulled
Grt wrk! MT : thanks for #fellowswat shout out. We're all about hitting our goals in
#BecauseOfOneDirection i fell in love with 5 boys that I know I will never meet :(
A little love right back at you my dear!
lol, sure does RT : Man...that goes so far beyond just singing..but I feel you!
I meant I can't follow anymore people-Twitter sets limits...so I need to get me some more followers!
The look on that chic's face is PRICELESS! lol
I'm in macys
never gonna happen lol.. I'm playing in a tournament and got a game at 7
are you awake
I'd really like to be Olivia Wilde's husband one day
that awkward moment when you change your shirt in the car... and there was a guy parked next to you the whole time
I am so embarrassed I have a hole in my pants.
Watching the House pilot episode. It's strange to see it so close to the series finale.
fine I'll just DM you the dots lol
Bow Down-West Side Connection
Let me look up good ideas for this senior speech I have to write -_-
Don't look back you're not going that way.
Today is gunna be a good day! 
every smile I have is genuine.
no. He told me to tell you to talk to him.
We are also aware that this is the time for iPhone Application Development and have as such decided to go high in this field. When it comes…
were I not in a meeting I would. Enjoy
Between the arizona time difference and day light savings, this is a complete disaster x_X
Yeah I don't use mine either, it's still up just in case though
Heh, thanks. Soon I will own a version of that or 's...and I will stop letting this simple decision cause stress.
I started p90x yesterday... I slept til 11am and took 2 naps today. Lol. Don't know where I'll find the energy for day 2 but I'll find it..
bother - have just realised that i'll not see the #theapprentice this year unless the the US release of the bbc iplayer hurries up ;-(
If you write "I love you Selene," I'll die happy. lol
Another great race. You're having a nice year. congrats
I have a sudden urge to take half a melon, grab a spoon and dig in.
We just had a good time out there on Monday and Tuesday. Making plans for global domination!
maybe in the economic history department?
No matter what your paint job, inside or outside, always choose the best paint you can afford.
hot hot hot
I just SO don't care about the Oscars.
It's 11:11... Make a Wish And Make A Wish And Say I HOPE YOU TWEET ME (; #11:11wish
I loved the finale of 90210! I loved that Silver picked Teddy to have her baby.
Work is such a terrible idea on a day like this!
Woke up to see that #DonaldDriver was trending in the area...
Partying with some friends then studying for finals
Off to Amherst to visit a customer
Oh, its gettin juicy!....
beingfrugal.net just promoted by Denver News 2 as being a great resource for saving money
Thanks to all past and present #veterans out there who have protected this great country and helped make it what it is today.
we live in a generation of not being in love & being together,but we sure make it feel like we're together.
really excited to see that DC is gonna be performing on idol!!!
Learn the difference between your and you're! And there and their and they're!
is reopening it! Playing with skream and benga and ac slater!! Gonna be sick nasty!
I have one, but I probably wouldn't be able to get it to you until Monday since it's at my place (still out of town)
Is Brandon Roy working himself to a more prominent role with the Blazers?
How about UFC fights with more than 2 fighters in the cage? I'd watch.
I'm sick of niggas #Lying I'm of bitches #hawking matter of fact, I'm sik of talking.
Launching in 4 hours. Who's excited?
Steamed broccoli is $7
Investinme , great commercial
we've landed in SYD - flight arriving in Adelaide at 8am Sunday! We have no phones and can't work the pay phone!
it's always to have some lazy days
5 minutes until live webchat with administrator about #youth in #development. Thanks to for her leadership!
prolly cause you're using a battery draining app or you haven't closed out other apps
Bitches be fake!!
“ “ I keep most things to myself because in reality...no one really gives af””
Drive...delay
You a penny you two-faced and worthless...but me on a dollar cuz im who they trust in!
just got the email - don't think that's something that fits the direction of theWAIREHOUSE...but thanks for thinking of us
At a packed bar here in the Denver area... place just went NUTS on the and-one.
Well that first beer went down nicely! I think it's a BBQ night. I think honey BBQ wings will be good
We indie filmmakers are the same way when we go on those 3 day long writing or editing sessions!
we will be going live in about a month. we are just pre-marketing Indy Fit Baseball!
Rise & Shine Wold, make moves cause life will definately move without you. keep God, Family, & Gr8 Friends 1st, Thank Thy Haters
I finished my dayjob project with the Defense Dept today! Just believe me when I say this has been bane o' my existence for a year.
Nice interview. Sorry you won't be there on Tuesday. One edit: Chris O'Riley.
like really dumping courtney after you proposed to her! Duh! Oh sorry that already happened. She dumped u though! Tee hee hee
Thank you ! Congrats to you as well!
We apologize for failing to post the lift notice link on Twitter on Nov. 29. We'll do a better job in the future.
yeah very true. but then again i might as well just go to a cuban deli and get one from them. cubans probably make them better
Is there a reason why myTransit no longer gives bus times?
2 hands as well.
You are right.Fuck your fans. You don't need them. Of course, w/o them you would be nothing more than a small market DJ
Sorry dude. We just thought you'd like to share the other 3 with yur pals. Jeez!
hope ur on today again! <3
It gets you to overhaul your diet to include much much much more fruits and vegetables and lean meats and healthy fats
Haha! I can totally hear Will screaming there!
well his mom she's like a mom to me
I can only dream of being the mature Grad student you are.
Design Tip: Collect pictures of things that you like and use them as inspiration for your home decorating. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Chinese wall anyone? This all nonsense: Busting banks up is the only valid move and it will never be done by a captured state.
Fix and deliver addiction. Specifically those with impulsive addictions Father. (Sex, gambling, and spending/shopping) #Deliver!
It may be just me, but I have absolutely no problem with the Saints having bounties for players. No problem at all
i'm just foolin' ;)
I know many of you have written about negotiating compensation for a speaking gig. Hit me with your best links.
We shall see. :)
This #SavageU show on #MTV is pretty damn awesome. Wish I had this show in middle school. Is that wrong?
that our personalities sometimes.. (Well who am I kidding) all the time comes across as being a bitch lol so work it!😁
TeamMaestro's #followfriday picks. We like 'em and think you will, too.
Such a good episode of Mad Men, can't wait for next week's already! This preview for The Pitch too?!? AMC may be my new favorite network!
dez be proud. I didnt buy anything tonight!
RT : S/o 2 first national bank 4 the free tickets.<-- We are glad to have them as a sponsor! A GREAT company!
haha! No!! I'm running away with it!
they should really make cinnamon gum that lasts longer.
#Sextips While eating the VAGINA reach your arms over your head and rub on her nipples
What have y’all got against Kevins? We’re not so bad…
Hey there, nice to meet you!
That boy done fugged up.
That makes 2 of us :)
your too funny! He called me a dyke..
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone and your parents ask who you're talking to
Oh, that song is in the book
I feel so sneaky.
Tests...tests...and MORE tests. I think Ima drop and and join a band of gypsies...
Looking at frozen fog on pine needles brought back memories of spray flock :-)
My legs need tanning
books like that should come with warning labels.
when i said youve been acting different i mean, you act like half the shit you said before wasnt true .
": WE WILL, WE WILL ROCK YOU."u listening to QUEEN?
Happiness and sadness 2day in Twitter. Happy: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of). Sad: has learned 2 live tweet (sort of)
Cindy, girl, going to a late night house party when all the teens in your school are suspects is such a fucking great idea.
Ben Folds "Cooler Than You"
Woohoo 's going to be at the KCA's!!!!
Yes! Plans for CL final viewing b4 RBNY-MTL as well RT : Fish, heard last episode today. I'm in Montreal over weekend. Grab a drink?
Phil needs to be better or we will be lookin at cc, kuroda, nova, pettitte, phelps until we can make a trade.
Did You know , that i love you .
Good night my loves...can't keep eyes open anymore so sleepy
If you hold a candle light vigil in a country with no residential power, would anyone notice?
IM SITTIN AT HOME LOOSIN MY VOICE, PLEASE KUM MAKE ME SUM TEA I GOTTA PAFORM! ON MY BDAI, PPLE LOVE MY VOICE DUH
I can't go for that.
The secret life of Ballon Animals
What if when a player flops, the opposing team's color analyst gets a free 3-pointer? I'm for that.
Need to get back in touch with a few people
- what is that? Looks cool!
12 more knock-knocks!
Good morning! If anyone is inclined to wish me luck today.... I could use the well wishes :)
Thank You!!=) RT : Happy Birthday, Angel! Great shots! Xoxo
But scrambled with ingredients is the best. Maybe better than an omelet.
Big news about our friend Kurt Johnson -- he's Townsquare Media's new SVP of Programming! Check your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News email.
nobody cares.
Whiskey Chicks will be giving away 4 tickets to the #Barons playoff game tonight come in and see Sierra at the bar they will go fast!
fashion show
You guys are my #mINSPIRATION and #nINSPIRATION!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Spent all day cooking Seafood Gumbo!! Turned out PERFECT!! I can sleep good tonight knowing it wasn't a wasted day!! :D
Hey guys! Excellent sound, keep up the great work.
you don't reply to me because I'm from san antonio texas! That's why you never tour here either! Isn't it? :)
im going to see u im so happy
my ex mother in law made THE BEST choc chip cookies. I asked her for recipe - ha it was on the bag of Nestlé chips.
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire. Nice.
sis she just called use bitches if we are a bitch we are a good one
Dedication: DANIEL RAMIREZ, We came back to say hi again. Love you Daniel. Rest in paradise. Carson, Derek, Cynthia
Happy New Year everyone! Love and Music ...
“: We are moving WI forward. Business poised to explode in WI. After your out in June, yes!
Any big #CincoDeMayo plains this weekend?
In case you missed the memo, today is "Drive Laura Crazy" day.
Really hoping and survive tonight that that cinco de mayo dos can happen !
Ewww! He looks slimy!
lol just check.. Hm let me read up on y'all.. I'm a scorpio
Get good at this skill: behavioral economics. Its about understanding science & psychology. #LiNC (right, ?!!?) | Yup, totally!
i finally found out who my real friend are(:
medically retired gives the family TriCare but no severance pay. Medically separated is no TriCare but severance pay.
Piped in soft rock in lobby and outside
99% of the time I have NO FUCKS to give....especially when people are mad or upset with me...but one thing I will do is reconcile
The AI that composes these tweets also has a very convincing hologram generator. =)
Peace and Love my brother!! Go do some work in Australia! I need an invite to that graduation!
im super busy this week, but maybe sunday afternoon?
please come true </3
thank GAWD! She iz too much
grief is not dysfunctional but sometimes reactions to grief can go that direction.
you are gorgeous! Look like a young Helen Hunt.:-)
Starting to get hungry.....
happy birthday!
