I like when my sound engineer gets excited about a song. :3
lmao!! absolutely NO worst way!!!! Best way or no way! Bahaha and no worries, I'll treat him good! :D <3
I just went and saw the venue looks pretty cool right about meow in the town ball room.
noprobs yea,wait yep i know ur 16 bro
Toby Keith's 'miss you my friend' mixed with a mother who talked about her son who she list to cancer
Many thanks to and everybody at Northwestern who made my visit so engaging! (Not to mention and !)
:) Just completed Week 1 - Day 2 (completed 2.07mi with run pace of 12:51 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with
“: I Love electronic/ house music a lot more now” Carla! Who do you listen to? Have you checked out sound cloud lately?
Just discovered that ESL (my credit union) isn't on Twitter or Facebook - at all. Their website's pretty awful too.
- Thanks, we are, too!
Divine Machine Fire « The Wheel and the Star
- seeing all the clouds yesterday I was worried your plane would be delayed. :)
Today is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
I know! Me too! Now I'm sitting around being bored - wish I had the money for the rest of my bike parts :P
i am in mistery. there ain't nobody who can comfort me. why won't you answer me? the silence is slowly killing me,
Am I the only one awake over here.
Loved GONE GIRL and am really liking WHAT DIES IN SUMMER. I'm hoarding the ABOSOLUTIST and ISTANBUL PASSAGE - seem like sure bets!
True - the most boring A commercial ever. RT This pursuit is like watching a A commercial.
All my niggas be dead.
yes. They have them at freddies
it's a long time to wait but he askd me out like 6times and I kept saying til we meet and holloween is the soonest possible
I'd go ahead and just change your password.
Night work on the green roof. We're tired but so much easier!
somebody find Jose Conseco the Tigers need some roids
Golden State 120 #wiz 100 DC needs a winning team!!! Go UM lady Terps!
Shhiiiiiiiit it looks like the #rupacalypse already hit
Too cute!
wats good bro
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a pitcher - get a FREE pizza! And our usual 3 for 3 deal is still here - 3 shorties of Miller LIte for $3!
Just got back from the Incognito concert. It was great. Khair Simmons brought India Arie and she was her wonderful self. Maysa was back.
Watching Ricky Gervais on Piers Morgan, he is genuinely a really nice guy and honest. I like that.
Dog walker? Check out this then! www.watchunleashed.com
"So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and they presses shall burst out with new wine." - Proverbs 3:10
People air their dirty laundry on Twitter...
Like American Idol it airs in September. I used to watch the European XFactor for years, Glad it came to the US
Good ideas. I like to read Bob Lefsetz-on Twitter, his newsletter-bout music industry fail, then think pblshg, learn NOT fail
Just talked about Protagonistas with , THATS SO TRUE (:aint the same without
Seven Springs and Hidden Valley are nearby. Both are decent.
did you end up seeing them?
oh mah gaw. I don't even know how I'm up right now...
I'll switch with him..
It really doesn't because the NFL has the salary cap. It would be better to compare them to the mid-00s Yankees or Sox.
Beckett's locker room line: 6 bud diesels, 2 Popeyes chicken legs, 10am tee time at granite links
said more butt please several times today.
Beasley to Boston? Would solidify the bench, give Pierce more rest.
Hmm...guess that's why Wall Street had been asking for a change, than got it, than the stock went down further. Lulz.
Well, that's that for Punter
Need to make Installment Agreement payments to the IRS? payUSAtax is here to help.
A lovely day of beauty shots...
well that sucks(((((
I close my eyes and pray.
How is Boston blowing this lead?
Vandy a 5 seed? Are you serious? Wow. Vandy vs. Harvard. The battle of the report card.
Not home. Was in Columbia, SC. Now in Hartfield, waiting for my flight to Baltimore.
this weekend's PSO concert has been canceled but please join us for an open concert this Friday 2/12 for a performance of the Mills/Mahler 4
proceed with luxury
Estate sale in Golden Colorado...I'm here. So are 40 other people!
In one week will be our Memorial Day Picnic Our students will be performing on the main stage!
probably not... I don't think I will be landing until late Saturday evening. :(
If it helps, I think the APA vote isn't going to end up being until way later. I can keep you posted, if you want.
Thank you for the head's up on the CSNBA/CA schedules -- we're working on it!
of course. Duces
Pandora is like an ADHD Child instructed to clean their room. They really start off on task, but they get distracted so easily.
lots of good papers today at #philoSOPHIA. My talk tomorrow (TALK not paper) uses LMFAO to help reread Attali through Foucault's biopolitics
well I dunno -__- maybe before it happens im going to a huge party and get wasted
If your relationship ends, it's just God's plan to create a new life for you.
Hey Brad thanks for follow, 6 kids? You barely look old enough to have kids.
PAT is GOOD! leading Pittsburgh 47-38 at the end of the third quarter.
I love your headshot. Could you tell me who shot it? Thanks so much, Colleen.
Shut yo mouth!!
Only God can judge us..
I feel really bad cause I just went off on this guy for no reason..:/ #INeedJesus..!
Qwest DSL has been horrible for months for me. -- like it cuts in and out. >:(
I so want Ariana to follow me! <3. :D xoxo
Short and stout is not cute
i guess must really like when beats the shit out of that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
u think the colts need to get ride of collins and get gerrard
Apocalyptica. Is that what you're thinking of?
Would you like to write a blog about jobs and the economy and have us feature it? If so, send us an email at !
No braids for me, no no aint doin it!!!!!
Prom dress shopping for sissyyy!
Really tough loss man. We love you guys.
People forget, #Knicks were a healthy #ChaunceyBillups away from giving the Celtics major heartburn in #nbaplayoffs last season.
Thanks for the mention :)
That moment when your crush doesn't text you back and you keep praying he finally does!!!(:
Thankfulness ATTRACTS more for which to be thankful!
Working on my review of Phantom from Space (1953). Should be posted tomorrow morning.
You friends are cracking me up today! Thanks for the laughs! It's a good day!
You mean one Buffy episode after another?
I proofed it like 5 times, so that's entirely on me. It's really MS Word's fault (I'll argue). I bet Clippy would have caught it.
Lets do this shit....
John Chamberlain turned automotive metal, file cabinets and bits of steel into works of art. Learn how conservators protect them tonight @ 7
Tommy Oliver (producer) and Cassandra Freeman (actress) of "Kinyarwanda" are in town!
Today is National Honesty Day. Anything you'd like to get off your chest?
that wasn't there when the lights were off...
nope u on my shit list anyway
i came on here, im getting hate on my bieber account. xoxo
A dollar spent locally will turn over 5 to 7 times! Naughton's is proud to be a family owned local business.
I want cookies at the snap of my finger
H. Douglas, G.Little, M. Crabtree, or V. Brown? Who do you like?
yeah! Can't wait!
Job Link Now: CU Network Services (HawaiiNewsNow) - CU Network Services, a subsidiary of Hawaii Central Federal Credit Union is hiring! G
Had a great time playing with you and The Samurai last night! Glad to have you in Athens!
#Quote at #Gnomedex from "Anyone who tells you that they are a social media expert is fucking lying to you"
Just saw on tv that u have a better chance of being infected by flesh eating bacteria than winning the
what's up?
wine and dessert!! ;D
Live your eyeliner, breathe your lipstick, and kill for each other.
Unlimited soup/salad cannot be beat! It wasn't my idea, but I happily obliged.
i want to see a pic of nialls bottom braces :)
my feed is behind. But omg what is this egg
What the hell is up everyone's asshole today?!
that wasn't sarcasm. I do find them interesting. Probably b/c I don't have a Cintiq.
Looking fwd 2 more tours this wk in warmer weather! Oh hey 45 F, u r warm now! Wahoo! Read new blog posts: auambassadors.wordpress.com
When its not raining I just assume its going to at some point in the day.
One iced coffee is not enough today.
hot hands... must poor water over them..
Where exactly are you that you are consistently seeing such unique roadkill?
I'll just smother it with your unmentionables!!
I jus ordered Rosetta Stone Korean
How are you spending #LeapDay2012? Treat yourself at #BkSq to a massage at or a mocha latte from
Who has kik? :)
Dabo!!! RT “: Miles or Saban…Who would you want coaching your team any given Saturday?”
Facebook, stop trying to be like Twitter. I don't come to you to find out what Jared Leto & Rajon Rondo are up to. I don't know those guys.
I wanna create an iPhone app that auto-deletes all of your text messages after 2am before you wake up
Happy Sunday all! Hope the #extrahour helped!!
The clue for tomorrow's question comes today around noon. Be on your toes... there will only be one winner this week!
thinking about doing a video on our troubles with Terminix, starting with the termite damage I can't get a call back about. nice guarantee
just started thinking about my life situation again. #FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKMYLIFE lol
too bad the Pacers are gunna put another dent in your playoff push on Thursday when the bucks come to Indy
Yay, I love days!:)
MC Lars shouts out Loving #tedxusc !!
No question that Mike Scott could (and would) start at UNC.
I SO #Wish I could be in #NewYork tomorrow 4 the #SuperBowl #parade! Who wants 2 take a road trip?Need 2 leave like now!LoL!
Cant wait 4 this g shock to come in the mail. Ima be ** voice** STUNTIN ON THESE NIGGAZ.. STUNTIN ON THESE BITCHEZ
Up early as hell on the way to slang studios
I have a feeling there's going to be no practice today
I lose myself in thoughts of you.
Really fantastic digital humanities workshop at University of Houston today. I have to spend some time playing with ImageJ
They probably saw his pink headphones and made a pretty accurate assumption
Love hurts when God knows we deserve someone else
Yay! Thank you for watching #HartOfDixie <3 Thats a fun episode I think everyone should have a 14 year old plan a party, right?
Q7 I'm sorry. This is a serious question? I thought it was a joke. Me=no. Patrons eat things+stick them up their noses.
Thank You Have a fun Hump Day ;)
WE ARE ALL SCUMBAGS!!!
I Love Typography
Why can we, like, never get the sweep?!?!?
Oh no I wanna watch Glee tomorrow but I wanna watch the Yankee game :(
I would but I don't have it!!!
. That's sickening. Can't believe that's even legal. I hope one of the "babes" sues them. Wonder what's in their contracts?
On Reading the Classics | The Steve Laube Agency
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma was founded at Howard University ...Happy Founders Day
Uh... Not really? XD But I never am.
McCarthy is the worst clock manager ever.
i just got going with spotify today! Seems nice...
Time to make Easter breakfast which entails soft boiling some eggs and putting out the pizza pasquale.
Are you going to the Guardian event tonight?
Thanks for coming to speak to our EMBA class at Georgetown today!
- Same problem, I think I'm going with Gronk... You?
Memories of bak in the day makin "secret handshakes" with all yur friends
Moving right along with the Post Family Papers digitization project. These student transcribers are awesome!
They're all coo-coo for cocoa puffs... or drunk!
true dat, true dat. Who's that in your icon, btw?(:
No offense, but if you're holding up #Somalia as the #Libertarian paradise, you are making my argument for me.
Freedom was dope this am!! Merry Christmas everybody!
Absolutely, it makes being a sports fan so much more fun. I can't wait for baseball.
OMG I'm dead Lololol the video daisy just showed me >>>>
Although my pic didn't win (Jericho) still one of the best Rumbles ever! Very entertaining
Whoa! Did you get attacted by a orange crayon?
so now I gotta go to the doctor...greatt
Used to embrace the single life, na tryin to move past dat
cardiac arrest is all I see...
after you guys got off there was this idiot repeatedly posting links to inapropriate sights. not sure what they were doing
Is that what you've got in stage tonight? Amazing what a great set of monitors can do, right?
ALL OF THE PRAYERS!!!!!
you stopped talking to me :c
"No one deserves my pristine cunt"
Last week of Chicago + Panto tech week = aaaaahhh!
“: Do you dance? =))” no not really. I mean I can, but I don't dance that much lol.
I am a big advocate of reading. What are you guys reading currently?
Got some New trailers coming down the pipe this week, feels good to reconnect with my GLOTV fam, Will keep yall posted!!
hey, do you have my mobile first book from abookapart?
Getting ready for our media to play at not one, but two trade shows in Vegas next week. Should be a fun, but BUSY time.
Thanks! It's okay, I'll make time... somehow!
A shout-out to on her birthday! Happy Birthday, Lisa!!!
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age. ~ Colin Powell
RT : We made top 30 AirPlay Last week again, number 14. Suck it Black Keys.
My new phone is sitting in the sealed box next to me on the couch, I'm currently bribing myself it in order to finish my school work
word word. We miss you. Hurry back.
Feels great to have the tab Ustream opened <3
always a pleasure! Are you out? I might be able to join you for a drink or two
Use to rock all the old shit. . . Till it got O L D !
David and Melina Montelongo @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing
these stupid internet boyz<
Envy is a poverty spirit. Don't fall for the lie that God has run out of favor and there's none left for you.
Jersey Shore night?
First day of interviews was a success!!! Camp is going to be amazing!!!
10-15 million on experience and Arsenal could win something. This loss is on Wenger, for not doing what worked against Bham before
RT : A common symptom of fetal alcohol syndrome is owning nunchucks.
San Diego County honors my boss,Chris Van Gorder,CEO & Sheriff's Search & Rescue Reserve Cmdr as: Volunteer of the Year !!
Liliana Ranon: LULAC is activating the youth! Mobilize the college students. Harness their energy & enthusiasm to make a difference.
#evanlongoria is a golden god
Can't find you on my list anymore? Where did you go?
i really shouldn't put myself down so much.
My voice has finally descended into the Kathleen Turner range. Best part of being sick.
Oh cool! See you at Disrupt!
Very sweet welcome from #12NTC crew w a great presentation about where to go in San Francisco
Rock and Roll is not for the reverent.
haha i saw that and it made me think of something we would do
At the #YoungProfessionalsOfAlbuquerque #LunchWithLeaders did a brief rundown re
You remind me of an elf with grey hair that's short and fat(:
To whomever asked for a $400 Vitamix blender and the Le Creuset dutch ovens on FreeCycle-- I truly wish you the best of luck.
that's how I'm feeling right now in BK
Dear Televison, I can honestly say that #90nickalodeon has made my personality #allthat so thanks - sincerely tv junkie
As is mine. ": ": 30 Rock live... This Thursday." Thank you, Alec. DVR set."
Don't assume. u make an ass out of yourself. thought everyone knew this. Apparently not lol
yoo!! i called u
Bruins played some solid games.
Knuckleheads this Saturday night !!
(Francois de la Rochefoucauld) Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things.
“: My sleep schedule is forever fucked up.” :)
Awesome and can't wait! Never missed an episode and never will miss one! :)
Thank you to all the soldiers, sailors and airmen who have and are protecting our freedom. Home of the free because of the brave!
You know what? Maddie's more supportive. She approves.
REALLY sad thing is,the women at my last job would read that & go "thank GOD I can pretend I know what he's talking about now."
RT : Goldman's CEO hires defense attorney
literally have been dying to ride one of these!!!
When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.
Hope to see you there!
"I have some serious lady wood here" haha
Throwing markers at my tv and making awkward noises. . .
btc I called you !
VOD down for 4 days like everyone else. You guys need to let people know what's up. This is how we watch TV.
receptors and drug metabolism shit
How will there ever be #nerdland in Newark with under-funded public libraries?
As would say. This OKC/Faker game is OVAH!!!!!!
hm. I'll find something :)
I'm gonna come slap him and not in a just ate the pie kinda way
It's my cross to bear...
Many casting calls are coming out. Prep by scheduling a Private Lesson with Laura Mathis, voted "Best Acting Coach" in 2011 and 2009!
at least you own up to it ;) Happy Friday back at ya'.
Doin Time. Sold out. Turned more than 30 people away. One more show. Tomorrow at 7 Tickets on sale at 6pm. Blackbox Theater at
flyers? Getting all the scores to my phone tonight :/
The Frog Princess kiss Thin lips of cool blue passion Her breath smells of flies
girls night with my best friend! ♥
It's not always so glamorous RT Can I come work with you??!! Please?! :)
#NFAIS 12% of Americans have no cell phone at all. Really? I know focus was supposed to be on the majority that have smartphones, but wow.
dat is nasty
by the baseball field
Thank you for the RT, Mike. How's SF treating you?
while essay-writing, i'm pacing around my living room waving around a lightsaber courtesy of yep. i must look so cool.
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Elizabeth Smart at #ywcaelpaso luncheon: "Don't let the past rule your future."
CANT nd wont be on abdc S7 cuz theyre not allowed to come bak once theyve been on the show. Don't get crazy...its false rumors..
#eviltip 04 hurt everyone, love only yourself
Going to Event Rm for celebration. Btwn all platform teams, we cut 1.2 MW of power from the Data Centers last year. Great accomplishment!
Why do I even bother?
Reasons why I hate my school : 1) Wakin up early. 2) Annoyin teachers. 7) Homework. 5) I still bad at math 4) I cant spell.
This summer all I'm gonna eat is pineapple sherbet! I'm gonna be really skinny . Loll(;
Currently writing the article RE: John 3:16. As the founder of the New Classical Scholarship, I am at a disadvantage conveying this info...
hfdosghfsdghs im your biggest fan from mexico, i have watch almost all of your movies,you are an inspiration, follow back ;´D
oh how ridiculous you are :P
Great brown bag lunch presentation today at the Portland building to learn about the Maritime Heritage Coalition. Thanks everybody!
ump #lazdiaz sucks. He was awful!!
I really got a shade darker just walking home from school
Heading out to go eat some cafe east .
thanks. I've googled quite a few myself. Just looking suggestions of the best. Appreciate it. I'll check it out.
me too
US history through film.
Congratulations on a well deserved primary win for NC Sec. of State incumbent !
Kudos to my high school alma mater, Brighton HS, on being named one of “Best for Music Education in America” (via )
and you know that the add on show would be your current new favorite piece of music.
just looked up swype. May have to try it. Although I'm generally too cheap to pay for an app, I do make exceptions ; )
happy birthday!!!!!!
The International Chamber Artists are here right now performing in our lobby. It is absolutly AMAZING TO HEAR! Come stop by.
Happy V-Day to you too from your loving fans in south florida (no tongue) ;)
...ok shrek soundtrack is grounds for shanking. shrek is my worst movie ever.
Wish I could be a stow-away in your steamer trunks. Send us pix if you can :)
I write them both ways. What does that say about me?
with John Adams, John Hancock, the Black Horse and the Cherry Tree!
Thank you! RT : Thank you we had a great time. Wonderful event, well done.
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy 18th birthday justin<33 :)
Got Midget Girls By The Pair,Throwing Food Stamps From 1996 In The Air...I Don't really Care
I'm not a bitch I just don't like you .
When we win on Sunday, yes
LOL yes, yes you do
“: last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive! Want to rethink the post "greatest living player?" #Hank” Quality Tweet!
banana republic
#uievs #critique Rules of critique: avoid prob solving, designer is responsible for follow up, everyone is equal
I'm curious about "Stuff." What's the recipe or is it a family secret?
Oh, #mlanet12 is really soon. I need to start on those slides and talk notes. Eep.
Summer Outdoor Entertaining With Littlewoods Ireland - Sacramento Bee
AH so much love between cotton candy and me. Nobody can break that kind of bond.
Everyone breath! Great game Cats!
your telling us...Suppose to be a nice weekend hope to see you on the patio!!
finding the most beautiful roses ever
": shanty lo!! and wtf happened to you?"/u was suppose to call me this mornin!! In the beginnin I need motivation
Headed to kick-off planning meeting in Paducah- stay tuned for details, big things are coming!
smh u was all up n down my tl mentionin ppl n it took u 30mins 2 say a few words 2 me in my DM
Great day for football
Befriended today!!
So happy is back well worth the wait
Went to sleep at five woke back up at six Rollin up at seven Finna be high by eight studio by nine promo at ten
get off my dick hoe
I hate autocorrect. Stupid Itouch. Oh hey. Anson finally followed you :p
Find out what success means to YOU.
How was your weekend? any input about Fri/Sat?
oh I get it at
Going to Barret-Jackson Car Auction later in week any comments??? Yes, I will do some videos for you...
got trust issues
Congratulations to Logan Lisle who took first place with his magic act at this afternoon's talent show!
I'm following him
gonna go to school today.. than to joeys.. than to plains.. than to haileys in plains.. :)
yo what up
Can't stop crying
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
The U is on.
Oh my God. What utter douchebaggery. → They are serving wedding cake to celebrate their win in NC. Disgusting.
too short! But awesome. How'd yours go?
RT : Next hotspot for DC: "I dream that Adams Morgan...will be the hot neighborhood 10-15 years from now." --
Apparently I harbor a moderate bias in favor of Herman Cain. I didn't think I was as anti-robot as that test revealed me to be.
ikr it should b a decent summer considering alot of ppl will b 21 now
CF Tips: 3/5 Be sure to turn all computers & monitors OFF at night, leaving them on standby still uses around 40% of their energy.
Josh Hamilton. Out of Control. Tonight.
#LAKings are tripped on short hand break... penalty shot (hard to score). Canucks keep PP & Sedins on ice.
We're live right now on ZENLIVE.TV
BLAKE SHELTON is number one today Congrats Blake !!!
lol we did ok!
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push Ups followed up with 15 Jumping Jacks...HERE WE GO!!
Colleague Jeremy Bernfeld- making his 1st visit to Manhattan (KS) for Harvest Public Media story.Hope it doesn't turn into a tornado report.
#schoolmemories when 2 random kids asked me if they can sit at my table & became my best friends. I love you Chelsea and Jeremy.
Sounds like you're going to be mighty busy keeping track of other people's writing, let alone their content. Good luck to you ;-) !
Tony Romo or David Garrard, which one of these two QBs will have the better passer rating this season?
Well I know what mine and s plans are for July 1st :)))
USL Pro Update: Nicki Paterson recorded one goal and two assists to lead Charleston to a 4-0 win over Antigua Friday night.
listening to music, mad bored.
Have a great Mother's Day #SanDiego! Treat your mothers right!
I wonder what that was. A lot of people were screaming 0.o
Hell yeah RT : Your a dope rapper!
Do what you love so that you never work a day in your life. Don't play it safe; take the risk that could make your dream come true!
How annoying!
I seriously need a nap
Is Funny In The "Lean Back" Music Video By Fat Joe :]
lol that's an app tht tracks people who unfollows you. Still don't think so what?
It is starting to look spooky in the Falls. Storm's on its way.
i'll see you tomorrow
Stay tuned to check out her work. Did I say she was brilliant.
I haven't started on any of my homework..
I keep trying to like Indian food. But honestly, I feel like I just ate a pile of slop and I have no idea what was in it.
ha I couldn't believe when I saw four fire trucks roll up in my driveway...
And so goes the strangest day ever...
will do thanks pimpin
As I eat my giant plate of ribs, I'm reminded that meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder.
Haha Well dance rehearsals Got Changed To 3 So I Guess Im Stuck At Home!
Check out our win against Delbarton today at 3pm on MSG Varsity
Thanks me too /: They took like 5 blood samples today and they're gonna get results to me son hopefully
you'll still be classier than Muncie's finest.
Thanks for the framed print, Ad Council of Rochester! Love working with you, had a blast with the creative.
Since when does it snow in FLORIDA!? : p that's very odd % O
No special dispensation from the Archbishop for Opening Day?
does she have a eharmony account as well and is she 26?
so high up in the clouds to far for anyone to bring me down
Money on my mind MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
Key word there was "NEED".
lazy pass.....no excuse
my pleasure! Great event last night!
WHAT HATERS?
Dang breght, we gotta get a new background for this thing!
Thank you for all that you did this weekend to help us all transform. I am committed to 2 mm changes and victory is near
Center stage get at me!
Canon targets RM250m from new printers
new song for the cd called funnypeople
That's the life! RT : All the things I really like to do are either illegal, immoral, or fattening
OK all you annoying spam accounts are annoying AF.
If you're ready to leave, don't come crawling back to me.
Hey Conan - Does it have alcohol in it?
Enjoyed a leisurely breakfast of hot oatmeal with the kiddos today because of the late start. What did you do with the extra two hours?
hang out friday night!!!!!
Not once have a woke up in the morning feeling like P Diddy. I don't know how this Kesha character does it
New York Man Convicted of Scheming to Blow Up City Subways - Bloomberg
No not yet, flying over tonight so thats why I'm excited :) x
Tomorrow I graduate and start the next chapter of my life. I feel an excited/nervous poo coming on.
You sure are.
We'll be rockin Murphy's Law in #Sunnyvale on Thursday.
thanks, Fi!! You are so sweet :D
Thank you for your friendship. Looking forward to 2012. Talk soon!
Made it to #pens practice. A little late. What I miss?
going to the gym, trying to shape that body up. Do you ever exercise? How do you?
Rosco is able to stay thanks to a generous private donation. Also going to try and get donors to provide food for Rosco.
haha I know!The humor outweighed the embarrassment of outing myself! Luckily got all that out of my system young;)
i'm laying on the couch reading a book. On a Friday night. Please move back so I can look forward to weekends. Thanks!
ok will that take along time then?? Please let us know
EVERYBODY I Have A new Page Its. Feel Free To Follow And I Follow Back! :) Thanks!!
Alarms have gone off in the State Capitol and the building has been evacuated.
blumlein or spaced pair?
I get uncomfortable too fast now
Not to be a Debbie Downer or anything, but you can thank the air pollution for those 'awesome' sunsets. ;)
words cannot begin to explain how much I despise you right now.
take my advice. i dont use it anyway.
Good Monday morning to you!!!
yes, well they do tend to hv the best shoes.... ")
I will look at this Tweet every Saturday and pretend it is the first time I have seen it.
RT : Just convinced a solo runner to finish the last 20 miles I can only hope to have that kind of strength one day
Yeah I saw you guys were on tour. Good stuff! Have any videos from the trip?
You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there.
My brother is snoring hard as fuck!
Ur only talkin to me cus u and ur Man beefin again...but yeah u can lick All ova me watever that means..
is anticipating movie
#SheriffGarcia eating major crow, This is an embarassment for Garcia”and Guthrie will remove him November. Bye bye Garcia. Pack
Whatevs. Grandma and I watch Castle every week. Beckett's so hawt!
The awkward moment when you don't know how to continue the conversation
Summer vacation oh how I love thee :-)
No, it sounds great. Thx for the lead and the RT! MB
oh man, I'm really excited for you now haha. Heinz Hall is so cool, too.
still working on that cover EP. suggestions?
Bored....where are you?
Apotheosis coming soon
How was yo day
Agreed. RT : this series will be the death of me. i'm sure of it.
On business trip In Schenectady for next 2-3 days. Want to visit First Playable Productions in Troy!
Definitely try it with cognac! It's truly amazing.
Ok We for real need to get this #Cincinnatitude going NOW!
My boy doing his thing
I know i look good and all but I only Fuck Pussy have to make that clear
That smoking commercial seriously scares me...
Hope everyone has a tremendous weekend!
That just wouldn't be fair - By the way, Kemp batting .402 with .484 OBP before that last base hit
Now that we know everyone has a price and no government body we can trust, what is next? No cash=you have no privileges, cash=everything?
art of the king size J
Ended up getting actually waterboarded shooting a PSA against the new #NDAA. Replicates drowning. Is in fact torture. Will post soon!
Why don't you have a phone?!
I'm gonna spend all tomorrow night making a beat. And it's gonna fuck you up.
anytime my friend things are going great hope all is well with you and your family!
That's sad. I'm such a klutz. I HAVE A MILLION.
Break a bitch scholar
hope it helps. keeping fingers crossed. :)
Budweiser conquered Prohibition by Instagram-filtering America!
Ahh, Sweet! You Rock it Bud!
here, here
wow long time no tweet.
follow me(: thanks(: you probably wont but its worth the try!! <333
sounds very interesting, where would you have to relocate ?
Right! I'm scared for the Nats!
This smoothie tho!! 👌👍
"Trying to replace/my feelings of vague dread with/specific concerns."
Something awesome happened.
Who still looks at april 1st as #aprilfoolsday?
The idea of Chris Paul in a game 7 is pretty terrifying, you have to admit.
*to the tune of the old Spiderman theme* ♪♫ Rendering! Rendering! Takes so long, that it makes me sing! ♪♫
Installing SQL Server 2008 R2 on my virtual machine to rebuild an ASP MVC4 website.
does he get special attention during school? And shoutout to alexa?:)
Great game right now, but I am hoping that it is possible for both the Colts and the Jets to take the loss.
Hope not!
Agreed, It makes work suck a little bit less
hhahaaa its likes a heartburn feeling but aye that's nothing rolaids can't fix! And thank ya!
Okay! Sounds awesome! Night dear! Love you too!!
#IfOnlyYouCould show me that you cared..
I think would be a good suggestions. RT : The Oscar show needs a host born after the Dodgers moved to LA.
haha we have albums of just you and rasha
make ya way to the jungle fool
Good looking out, it was great! I wasn't sure what to get too RT : Have a pecan waffle for me please!
I texted u back twice bro.
#CongratsOn3MillionLiam Woohoo Liam! We all love you :)
At this point if you still think Justin Bieber isn't a sexy mofo, I'm judging you so hard. omfg.
Finally seeing humpday. Popcorn for dinner. Could do with a new movie going companion.
FYI - You guys are great throughout the week, BUT on Sat & Sun I don't even THINK about tuning in! Rather listen to static!
why not throw your job seekers up on our free job board at minorityjobs.net. follow me also for latest on interview tips
Strong email content with a sound offer tethers together customer experiences across web and social outlets!
. might make interesting crosstabs for Kos/P polls - try 'em both and see what happens? certainly would change paradigm
GABY I NEED YOU
Come, be forgiven and freed. Come to the One who makes us whole
Adding to today's wanker list the insurance agent for the car who hit mine, repeatedly calls & leaves msgs when I say I'm *not* available.
I miss how Austin used to upload covers every week or so :/
Visit us any time today & fill out a customer feedback survey. We love your feedback. You could win a great gift from
I ment I love my family so much lol my bad.
Yes. It seems to be system-wide. A result of FB safeguards or a Google-FB war>
oh, I thought you meant The Smiths song.
Think Like A Man ;& Your Heart Won't Feel No Pain ;)
I'm freak freak freak freaking out
Who gets grounded for a month for sleeping at a friends house? This girl
Time to think about the difference between "not talking" and "listening." Because there is one--and it is huge.
Nope. I am handless. Just a brain. Hey do you have any weird things installed that suppress OSX animations?
ugh I wanna stay home. );
My colleagues and I have experienced several reorgs and rounds of layoffs in our library in past & understand the uncertainties and anxiety.
#Gulati par for the course in world football, probably sold us out for $ in our own WC bid.
on the 16th for a week thats our spring break I aint been home in a while dis the 8th month
Our servers are based in the US, not Canada, but we think we have the best platform for running Drupal ;)
Edo's Squid it was! A delight. Thanks and all...
the written version is great, maybe I just need to see some saloon doors and escalators.
T-Wolves coach Adelman holding a briefing on Ricki Rubio at 5:45. We're there and will have a update on Fox 9
Enjoy your orientation - good luck!
I understand that and he will get there ..
RT Morning exercise.
i made it myself because my mom never cooks ;C aha
": If a person is born deaf, then what language do they think in? #mindblowing" wish mind blown
Plus he is a great role model for my little girl do your thing JB much love coming from this
isnt that called beef jerky?
UW-Madison guys received an A+ attractiveness grade? Glad to see the rest of the campus couldn't weigh me down!
Hi Michelle!
God is good count ya lessings life is preceuss
Bring on the tornadoes! We love Oklahoma!
"And if it means I'll be waiting 20 years, and 20 more-I'll be praying for redemption and your note, underneath my door." ::the civil wars::
#txla12 CE certificates should be available online beginning May 1st - we have a web page where you will fill out info and get cert
• THANK YOU THANK YOU 4 this, & 4 RT'ing this. It's what we've all been waiting for, a clear explanation.
Morning early birds hope you ladies & gents day starting off good #TeamLesbian #TeamBisexual #TeamLNC #TeamGay #TeamNOH8 #TeamStr8 *kisses*
That horrible sinking feeling when you learn one of your fave artists "found Jesus" and all she sings now is god-y music. Ick.
What's a good bar to go to on a Saturday night down South Side?
Yes, Ma'am. Let people know that there is a local, natural alternative to fast food's toxic diet.
R.I.P DJ AM
Coyote Motorsports is hosting Question and Answer on maintainence for your motorcycle or ATV with our Techs TONIGHT at 7pm. Food and drinks!
- we got a whole lotta mobile library history we can feed forward. and make it fun now!
definitely a lot going on today :o
I get so sleepy so easily now!
I agree... I watched MJ play in a few games when he was sick. Nobody made a big deal about it.
Wow I forgot about that! Im deleting it now!
: yes i was scared it was gunna come eat me! :O
Got a Facebook friend request from a woman I thought had died a few years ago...awkward
I guess when a group "friends" nt cool with one person they nt cool with u either
Every nigga in Cincinnati say they're a rapper
So now I'm retarded for posting a lyric from lupe... Wow.
Commercial Fire in Vancouver (Near Vancouver Lake) on NW Fruit Valley Rd near NW 61st St...
go barry!!!
There are close to 40 #ARVO2012 posters that reference Reichert Ocular Response Analyzer. Understand the #cornea, understand the pressure.
I get in next Thursday night and leave on Sunday - I have an event at Huntington Park on Saturday night, u around all weekend?
Lololol I love messing with people. Especially when it scares them, xD
From donors! We're a non-profit. So glad you liked the space. Come visit again soon!
When I sneeze it's like the entire world shakes!
Morning. Have a great day tweeters.
Will the Western wilderness only exist in photos, or will any be saved-like parks? On WORLD 10.2 at 7, #RobertRedford joins the debate.
“ The summer is mine !”winter too !
How do sheep keep warm in winter ? Central bleating !
heheheh you will love it. Oh sad day, I can't go to the LIK show :( no one can take me
4) This is bad for Pitt AD (Steve Peterson) who quickly jumped to hire Graham after org. HC was fired a mere 2 1/2 weeks after being hired.
We're excited to move in!
miss you girl!!
dude! honored. HB!! 👊 RT: I think I am going to visit you today for my 21st birthday lunch before the match.
That's next...duh duh duh!
Can you update me on last night's K3 funding discussion? I only heard about Falk suggesting possible referendum.
check your msgs
is this ya last yr
Thanks Luke! Cheers to many more!
how does he look?
Woah woahwoahh just found out i have a lil canadian in me
Yo sorry I haven't been on umm I've just been busy so if you have any Q just twitt me
A very good point.
Um. So I can go with ABC and listen to a woman beater sing, or NBC and listen to Flo Rida sing double entendres about fellatio? Great...
At Mars Cheese Castle. #heaven who's got requests?
He hadn't paid for it. He opened them and returned them. I waited until he began to walk away before I approached him.
Working , enjoying the #Reno riverwalk and celebrating Mother's Day! And u?
#SaySomethin cause your driving me crazy<3
¹³ Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
Let's get this win today !! :) #glax #forEMTV :D
yea i'll work on that...
Blah blah blah
“: Be honest: More painful part of CBS pre-game show: Interview w Jim Rome or interview w E*Trade baby?”. Yes
call me ASAP
My to-do list for this weekend just doubled in the past 10 mins
Does it have to be realistic?
YESSIR... let's get that 5 digit number this year... then we'll work on our hook and get that paper!
Obama wants a change and we want dollars.
I know girl! I'm with my grandparents so I'll call you sometime soon! Xoxo :)
that's cool even tho I can't go I'm happy for yhur #MahomiesInLA 😊😊😊
Me too. “: Very happy to reconnect with my peeps in #Brenham”
Because you are my help, I sing in the shadow of your wings. My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me. - Psalm 63:7-8
Thanks! It's getting easier. Yeah, Nike + GPS. :)
Please follow:: :)
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
just hit a squirrel...omg
These are the best. Cant wait! RT With games starting this weekend in Maryvale "Island Noodles" concession stand is being set up
Damn! Day is going fast!
Ugh this is scaring me.
It was beauty who killed the beast.
Hopefully tomorrow is a good day
RT, Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. LOL =D
Im The Best You Never Had
#nuggets put up a good fight but couldn't pull it off #lakers 96-87 in game 7 of the
Well the title is Battleship. Like the Board game i guess but it has Decepticons in it. START THE FUCKING MOVIE!
You should cancel your filming + come 2 ThirstDC next Thurs! We've got en entire line-up of SI scientists 4 u 2 toast!
#fridayreads Started THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Erin Morgenstern.
I fill sick my neck and head hurt
What are they putting in children's asthma medicine these days? I can't sleep yet is becoming a nightly thing.
YOU?! US....like how do you handle a situation like this..
listen to my audio I recorded on hallo
I swear, I'm not staying awake at 4:00 A.M. when my mom told me to go to sleep.
FYI students are creating design campaigns to encourage students to participate in
WARNING: My Twitter account has been hacked. If you receive a "direct message" from my account, please do NOT click on the link. Argh!
I want to watch Star Wars, but I've not checked in with nerds. Can I get a digital version anywhere? Will the new blue-ray disappoint?
A skeletor Avi! Nice! You need to get you some Barbasol AVi soon though!
BREAKING NEWS ON AMBER ALERT. Car belonging to father who's suspect in triple murder found in New Hampshire. Latest at 6 on
Just bought more weed!
I will follow Please follow
Thx! I'm in English. Our feminist wking grp read Ahmed's Killing Joy: Feminism & the History of Happiness in June. Love it.
A guy shouldn't wait for Valentines day to treat his girl like a queen.
So apparently I am a horrible parent because I have never taken first day of school pics of my kids and posted them on FB.
We're trying out a photo-sharing option. thank you for your patience.
would love to meet you as well! See you there!
President Obama announces Jodi Gillette as Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs, White House Domestic Policy Council.
Mediterranean Chicken topped with sun-dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, capers and red onion!
thank you for the follow! Have a great weekend!
Just saw Ben Stein at the Mission Bay Hilton! Bueller... Bueller...
I have to tweet so I can rub my adventures on everyone's face :)
Thanks Ass man! If I put up a pic like that, Id get a shitload of followers. Lmaooo. I'm more than that though! ay papi!
great #deals coming your way! Anyone need fantastic #headshots or a kick-butt #reel?
CONGRATS AND MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU.
Sounds like newest wrinkle showing in #Badgers offense under OC Matt Canada this spring: 2 TBs on field at once (both M. Ball & J. White).
just showed Tom your designs for the shirts. His response: Brilliant. I couldn't explain them as well as you did, but he got it.
are you there, tom? it's me.. twitter.
no im on 4.02 still i havent updated since the last time back in august lol.
Sometimes it takes a little to make so much worthwhile....
If you need sightseeing tips, let me know. I live in Seattle and have season tix for the Sounders.
it's about to be veggie smoothies the rest of the day, need to level the system!
#np houstalantavegas- drake old ass jam. 💙
at 10pm on a friday night? i thought i was old just by being in lol RT : im so tired
Love it! Steak is becoming our Christmas menu of choice.
Oh good. You're bringing them! Stoked.
yea I'm thinking about getting it! It could really come in handy especially living in TX with all these messicans lol
Hell yes! RT : Holy shit... We play the Crystal Ballroom in 4 days. Pretty stoked about that.
what it do?
I love
Robert Mondavi's widow Margrit is writing her memoirs and publisher promises full and frank revelations about her life with Robert Mondavi.
awk moment i just saw this after my last tweet :#
What have I learned from making records?-I learned niggas im above ain't getting any better..
You guys, my boyfriend has a pumice stone shaped like a big, swirly lolli pop. Is this real life?
thx to ! is otw to pay some #attention to see ya soon! cc:
Had a Messy BBQ and yes it was thick as fuck we sure do know how to bring em out
...free my baby bro FREEKY BAYBEE
tonight's good by me - where y'all at?
Learned a lot today! Headed to the O's game.
's DON'T DRESS FOR DINNER starts previews tonight!
Goodness is the only investment that never fails. ~Henry David Thoreau
I must be wearing too much purple... all my sanity and wits have vanished. Well Eugene Hütz did promise...
Those who offered me no birthday wishes are sentenced to die. On a date TBD. By a method TBD.
In this sea of plaid shirts my plaid shirt feels inadequate. At a hipster convention.
i don't have a choice but i still choose you <3
McIlroy or Tiger?
me too Jenna :-) RT : Just logged onto the ISGS webinar!!
I feel like I'm going to see him even less then I already do .
It's an amazing thing for a pastor to show up to church on a snowy morning and find the walks and entries salted and shoveled! THANK YOU!
RT : I will take advantage of any opportunity to wear a Hawaiian shirt
hahah typical!! Love it! Miss ya guys!
people got worried?
will be closed tonight night for a private event
Yeah it was a good one and I deserved it. Everyones hate should be directed towards the Cards.
WHY DON'T PEOPLE GO BUY a diary Instead of posting there whole life story on Facebook and Twitter?
She's super cute and amazing! Teething like nobody's business.
Excited to read SELLOUT by to follow!
My laptop just completely crashed!! It's doing some Vista Repair thing and it is really scary :-(
Muaha! , another reader drawn in! MT: : Read Vol 1 of Locke & Key today (finally). Immediately requested volumes 2-4.
yup, glee almost made cry tonight.
Hoping to have one new item up on Etsy this week, and another to follow next week.
Nothing worse than having a kid who is a picky eater!! UGH
Half my pillow is soft fluffy cotton, the other half is clumped up balls of knitting yarn.
good luck call me after por favor
Its a run batted in (rbi) if its only one and its runs batted in (rbis) if its more then one. Not too complicated.
I am NOT a role model *Chuck B voice*
Only in LA :) RT : Running in to doing the same Mother's Day shopping as us was pretty amusing :)
why should we be online? part of citizenship is showing up
Tonight is... interesting. Someone get me a drink.
I just realized my car is the razor and the VW service department's the blades.
Nicole. I love you. Did you forget about me? :(
thx girly! We all need little reminders!
My grandparents are visiting today and my mom wants me to clean my room it's not like theyre gonna come up here
You've been quiet. ..what's the latest in your world?
hahah no absolutly not that was an all time worst..but i will say amish people need to jump in the shower cuz that doesn ...
Just got sick. Great.
Just finished a piece and not sure how to proceed. Check out our advice for writers: polyphonyhs.com/guidelines
mee too! D:
aha i like that and me follower s r #lovesavers haha just kidding i love it hakuna matata :)
3 standing ovations this past weekend, Chicago is definitely my knid of town!
We do! RT : Who wants to hang out with me this afternoon.. Just had bbq chicken and 3 sides of beans from
yes! Nail party! I can't wait to get more colors but this is a good start!! Ooh I want to hear news!!
my goals for the tourney: don't get pissed away on the blinds, and go down in a blaze of glory. achieved!
I don't get it, I went to bed at 9:30, but I barely slept well, and now I'm wicked tired. can I ever get sleep when I actually need it?!
Wow, I've just realized that it's already March...WTF...?!?
Live Your Passion. You are created an Original. Stop Been A Bad Photocopy.
#SPARC_binfield impressive Article Level Metrics suite will be open source, advocated
My 1000th follower was one of those fake profiles with the hot-girl pic. Sigh. Wonder what %age of the total they are.
Kudos to every public servant who has the guts to stand apart from the herd, when necessary.
Why don't I use #twitter any more
See #Jeffbullas great advice on 37 ways to use Twitter for Biz...plus other amazing insights. SOLID info...not just puff.
stop texting me
real talk homie...rage hard tonight AND tomorrow!
Ah nice.
Pretty sure the guy gives her a haircut in that fashion after capturing her.
Thought for Today: "A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by a common hatred of its neighbours." -
Is MONK easy or hard to use?
“: Tell me lies; make em sound god.” i just cured aids 👍
Close to 100 Waldos of different shapes and sizes came out for the flash mob! Success WAS found!
#bird wisdom :v "pates" are what the humans take most seriously. Befoul them.
Any word on when in September the final season of #Fringe begins?
Today's #SDUT proves the adage: more money than sense. That rag's editorial page is full of crazy talk & nonsense most days--today's, too.
Learning, growing with at #onstartweethouse kick-off.
Yeah they just blew in the door wielding axes and were acting all authoritative and cop-like. Was super lame.
It's a good problem to have when you can't get into your favorite band's show, right?
My Pop's has Cancer also
anyone catching the U2 performances on Letterman? I'm not blown away by the new songs but the energy in the Sullivan Theater has been !!!!
If you're following me & I'm not following back let me know cause my Twitter unfollwed ppl on its own smh -.-
why would you say babe?
"I had a dream that you cleaned your room." -
thanks! yeah, it was interesting to watch the fauxhawk develop a week or so after birth.
Hey it ain't gonna suck itself... that was completely inappropriate of me, I apologize.
also his sense of style!
Tears OF joy!”)
Only 65 people at CPHA forum at War Memorial bldg.
cruel timing. there was a major tech glitch on the comments and it just got fixed a couple hours ago. DM me, we'll get fixed
Fudge. I meant fudge. (Fuck.)
Hey I would destroy you at words with friends:).. so if u feel like a challenge hit up lol !
Rock chalk
My kitchen radiator sounds like Daffy Duck!
Our New Years Resolution? Peace of Mind for you! We're working TODAY so you dont have to.
Thanks for following
RT : You are a fucking scumbag lowlife who doesn't deserve anything good in life.
Prepare for a slew of Retweets from places that have been talking up the Lashman this weekend....
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
and I'm done talking to u lol
Taxonomy meetup. That's how you do it.
Stop by Horton Plaza tomorrow from noon to two p.m. for your chance to win free Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition tickets! Be sure to...
haha. I finally got this. bodies in the pond
. Yes, quickly approaching! We're excited! Are you going to or interested in going to one of the programs this year?
I got too much shit to do for my day to just be getting started. Gotta show more responsibility.
where the hell have you been?!
Got offered a return show at the "VIPER ROOM" L.A. sunset strip..
Im done smokin....its time to take life serious for awhile
Hey lovely tweeps. What's up? How is everyone? I finally got a decent night's sleep...8 hours and I feel MUCH better.
Looking for a Reference Librarian for a temp-to-hire position located in McLean, VA. Candidates with a MLS and a minimum of two years of l…
That's what you get when you screw with your friends and leave everything behind for something glamorous.
Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL
“: To all the folks who bash their center cities - you can't be a suburb of nothing. #thinkregional” you go girl!
i c u up flyin wit da nite hawks
stop being so lazy then! ;) x
I keep both eyes on my man. The basket hasn't moved on me yet. Julius Erving
A vision that reveals your inner heart and your mind is the root of a satisfied life. J Kaminsk
miss you more
Is there any real evidence that you have to search hard to find timely,relevant, rigorous sociologists?
An example of how detached I am from life: I went to both Chipotle and 5 Guys thinking "oh, it's Friday night. No one will be there"
I LOVE and together!
can you follow my friend she loves you and a big fan
Don't look like I messed much on here!! 😒
My cosin told my brother he can't purr cause he another got No teeth
#Pens don't #believe anymore. Getting beaten all over ice, turnovers, bad goaltending & stars invisible. All at worst time.
you too... and thanks
Sold my soul waiting tables today, but I got free cookies.
you were amazing at ATF in Tulsa this weekend ! It was my 3rd year going.Can't wait till your movie comes our !
Getting Ready 4 Work. Get to c my Bestie Fran :)
Oh hell naw!
Why doesn't uses his executive power to limit campaign contributions for everyone (including corps) to $100 per year?
I showed #oomf the outline of my dick. I know she liked it lol.
suit jacket pocket handkerchief: Solid Color Pocket Square by Jacob ...
Can't think of anything better!
what else is new?
Its ok Harry I had a price sticker on my boob once & some guy in my class randomly took it off
R U coming? U R invited with friends to our Holiday Party & Fashion Show 6-10 PM Sun Dec 11th @ La Vida. Bring ID 21+ & Gifts $10+. Hayavi
How the DEVIL are you sir? Still in Seattle?
Hey Sarah, what's the best email to reach you? Feel free to DM me as well! Thanks so much!
First friday , junkyard , and mid night bowling ! Tonight should be a fun night !
Just listened to SuperLuv. . . I absolutely loved it!
Problems have solutions.
honestly i like everyone in the western conference right now i just LOVE dave tippett
unless you are still at it at 9pm I can't join you tonight unfortunately :/
Employers scan facebook for potential employees.... Uh.... Guess they will get to know all about me?
she got me pissed
hey deer foot
We're digging House Resolution 319, which attempts to add "design into Federal programs" to encourage "innovation and economic growth."
HGTV Design Star Coming in May and Updates on Past Contestants (VIDEO) - HULIQ
Saw on FB... threw up a bit RT : “:Fireman Ed & the rest of Jets nation,I'm gonna play my heart out 4 u. J-E-T-S"
Kotel Kosher is officially open, come by and pick up some CRC accredited Kosher products today!
Please FOLLOW and PLEASE!!!! <3 A
Changing of the Guard at Arlington. Amazing and awe inspiring.
Somebody better tell her!!!
Crap, I need to order something for my mom for mothers day today
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
Excellent, see you guys in the morning Rain or Shine! We are indoors so be sure to bring good Tennis Shoes.
really gonna be on my Teevee!??
Watching Rashad get knocked out at Q's tonight. No cover....come all!
I've got the morals of a pirate.
you already know! Wbu?
run run run. run tegan and sara lol
I Think the sabres are one of the best hockey teams
Hunger only for a taste of justice\Hunger only for a world of truth/'Cause all that you have is your soul--TRACY CHAPMAN
Any suggestions for how to make history, laws of Internet interesting to high school students?
Morning all!
If I ever have a question about any animal, I ask
bring me some :P
Tf? I'm Grown. What I look like explainin myself to someone?
Thinking of going to the junkyard tonight.
: Right. Map Room would burn down.
RT : For cos. to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who arent on it
i try. i think sweet water is strange. not a fan of sweeteners, really. im doing ok! peeing a ton and forcing it down somehow ;)
Not all my fault..
Not good enough. I take back my shout out. You don't deserve anything.
RT Quotes - In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Wow. #Lehigh beats 2nd seed #Duke. This after 2nd seed Missouri loses. Glad Indiana wasn't a 2 seed!
Putting on Billy Madison to fall asleep .
I'm just your average pot smoking high school senior. Thanks though. :)
I see from this tweet syncing with iCloud is delayed. Can. Have more details? This is a must for me.
*Snort* RT Moi? RT : has anyone mentioned that you're a tease? ;-)
$56 gets you two 1 hour massages at East Village Body Shop! Get deal at www.buywithme.com
Waiting in line... personal rapid transit yet? Oy.
and I'm not even Christian, the artists put a lot of planning into that piece. Wish we knew who to thank.
For sure! Absolves any lingering stigma of "young". By the way, when might Immortal Ink open its doors once more to submissions?
What kind of hm?
Planning on watching my Duke win this afternoon and play some online poker on UB.
Seeing, breathing, and living this morning god is good everybody have a blessed beautiful and productive day.
Checking out Natural 20's last show & Tatanka tonight at 830pm Go Harolds!
The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store
Fuck teleporting, at this point I just want my super power to be infinite SPF protection.
Only when we have faith do we truly fulfill the law. Rm.3:31
I'm good just listening to music
Happy Mother's Day! Flowers delivered, check. Phone call so mom can tell me they're beautiful but shouldn't spend money on flowers, check.
Musically obsessed with The Knife. Every day "Heartbeats" literally makes everything alright. Bonus points for it being pretty damn weird.
Man chill at the hospital hungry as hell
I love how people talk about people, and they think there so cool because of it. News flash your just making people hate you more.
how u been
Yes, that's the one.
There are some songs on albums that just shouldn't be parted.
At a cheerleading stunt group comp. with my niece!
Thanks for the RTs!
Once the BCS is dead, I want to be the first to piss on its grave! Bring on a college football playoff!
May God Within you Bless you Now and Always.
Juie-I just made some great stew tonight!
All the omens this week point to one thing -- I'm walking on thin eggshells. Taking heed.
Hope everyone in #Cleveland has a great weekend! Thanks for following Guardian Title!
Thank you for the warm welcome! Looking forward to it.
Austra, Beat and the Pulse; The Magnetic Fields, God Wants Us to Wait. Et toi?
In Christ Jesus all things hold together. Is your life falling apart ? Try Jesus now.
Storms Storms Storms I got a four wheeler to work on
u love ur fans? THEN UPLOAD A #BOYFRIENDTeaser dont keep us waiting :'( LOVE U FOLLOW ME
#MuchLove.. Lets get you on the verses!
That & a better title.
“: Hopefully hearing some good news this week #BallState” << you better hope so cause I will NOT let you go to Purdue :)
I'm keep friend's dog while their away.Funny 2 watch their dog & mine circling each other, scoping out each other.Whose going 2 give N first
I work for blind-nonprofit on MagazineSt.-Nola Celebs read holiday stories on air for us,would love you to read 1
Thanks for helping push a movement...BAM Toney
thats cause u wasnt looking hard enough
I was the 1st to say Sarah can win,but she has to stop falling in media's hand,and careful what she says
Christian Bale's fake Latino accent in Harsh Times might be worse than Al Pacino in Scarface. I didn't think that was possible until now.
Back in the studio!
Long day planned. Lots of errands and I am going to try to write my blog entry about money. A touchy touchy topic these days.
Couldn't wake up this morning...bless you and your tasty iced vanilla lattes for keeping me awake.
Don't forget to pray tonight, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
A man who wants a divorce is probably just happy to get half of his shit back.
#bandsilove The Wanted, Allstar Weekend, Big Time Rush, Backstreet Boys, etc...... <3 them!!!
do it first take skippin all the bayless
Oh, aren't we all! Sounds like the #goodlife to me! RT : #Taurus is looking for stability security and great sex
Where can I find your label black button up ladies nylon top? My favorite shirt! Had two they lasted years. Need a few new !
Our twitter is back on track!:) don't forget to send out your messages<3
Just went on a retweet spree.. Okay Tayl enough
Some things will never be the same.
"Every toy has the right to break" -Antonio Porcha selection from Voices. Top Ten Verses Found by Accident
Today was a good day.. I didnt even have to use my A.K.
Shannon: "I really wanted to go. There were cream puffs Ashley... CREAMPUFFS!"
Great question! It hasn't registered elevators as stairs. Hmm, now I'm curious: how does it know?
2 all Arsenal and Chelsea fans, celebrating da defeat of
I procrastinate way to much
YOU ARE NOT FAT. BULLFUCKINGWHALESKUNK!
Yet all this I knew before, in the weary days of my long sickness
Had a fab time tonight! Thanks for a fun evening. Cantina. Beckons. Us.
Truth RT : Act different and you get treated differently. Trust.
I'm watching :D
how'd you guys like my frageelay comment on FB? LOL
Our little Gwyn is here!! 7.7 lbs. Cant wait for Chloe to see her!!
sound good to me
the orange chicken and 72% cavalry chocolate bars are to die for! Oh, and the wheat piazza dough is awesome too. Have fun!
If we let good things into our lives, we'll get our needs #fulfilled. #Writing helps us to open the door to the #goodness we deserve.
farm there now.
I have slowed down a lot. I do write a little at my own blog, but it's just not as much fun doing it on your own.
Sometimes I really hate you.
hahaha, that is a pretty awesome caption to the photo.
George Zimmerman will be charged in the Trayvon Martin Case The World will be watching that's all I have to say !!
I hate Chemistry !
Hey Happy Easter!! <3
didn't have time, sorry :(
Check out the 8th graf of the Stoke release - think you meant to write Stoke rather than Newcastle there...
Hope everyone had a great Spring Break!! Now onto
Thank you everyone who came to Boheme last nite to support (spiritually and financially) GRCH. It takes a village to raise a Girls Rock Camp
yep I'm on it right now!!
A hundred motha fuckas can't tell me nothin! 💋
And ask ! We took care of a jersey for him.
Early Season Bass Fishing on Eastern Connecticut&#39;s Moosup Pond: A Fishing Guide
Not sure why LB and safety not considered worth Top 5 picks. In pass-happy NFL, great LBs/S that can cover should be top priorities.
Watching #TheGridLive and waiting… hopefully taking delivery of my new branding today from New website launching soon too!
R Kelly going waay back with this Share My Love song!
Literally just laughed out loud. I had "Get Right" stuck in my head all last week. Maybe the J.Lo finals week curse is a thing!
hey man! I'm working on AdMob as a PM
wonder who #oomf is taking about???
not near a tv right now...relying on twitter
I am drinking 4 shots of espresso right now, this is unfortunately an accurate reflection on my life .
Yay! Illustrator got the dark UI update as well.
Industry night for Let My People Come - Thurday December 1 at 8pm. Tickets $10 with headshot / resume.
Look for exciting Bonamour event updates from Micah Blehm and team. Bonamour.com/events
On my first Mass Effect 3 run finally and so far it's a blast.
TY! I'll send it through shortly! Appreciate the help :)
#winstonsalem city council votes to put resolution opposing constitutional ban on gay marriage on May 7 council agenda.
The Sweet Spot: Advanced tix-$20 Sunday May 27 @ Santos Party House 96 Lafayette Street. Doors open a 630pm. DM me for tickets!!
also TY for your reply/perspectives/analysis
me too, looks pretty black in the sky..logie of course threw a fit abt being wet & muddy.but blake luved it.
very impressed with how focused our students are when working on a task:laughing, chatting, talking mostly in Chinese
I ain't worried about no girl, no kids, no Navy, no family, no finances, no nothin. If it ain't gon help me, I ain't fina let it hurt me
Nevermind, just checked SRK front page.
Dude, I'm super chang and small kine broke. Cab's are expensive these days LoL
dance it up Kajon!
Uploading a behind the scenes video right now for my new track, Attitude. Get excited tweeps.
"oh that's weird, according to my drivers license I WASNT BORN YESTERDAY. YOU CANT STOP LYING. YOU GOT LYHARRIA."
I went to a boxing match once and a hockey game broke out. Love the fights on ice....better than Disney on ice haha
Nice swerve!
and I made it to Lawrence, KS. Tomorrow, Denver and DrupalCon!
Let's add this on Tuesday "The Stanley Cup playoffs"
“: The impressive part of Jeremy Lin is he did all of that with his eyes closed.” Lmmfao x 10!!!!
Cool concept keep me posted
IN THE STUDIO o.0
I love your icon, it's super gorgeous!<3(:
Home again in one week! And this time will be with me. Watch out, Albuquerque, watch out!
Now Following , Follow Back ! <3
I have it! It's on my list to read after I finished all of your recommendations. (ALL OF THEM! "Dramarama" is really fun.)
: if I get Christopher to join us, is gonna need some " alone time"
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?♥ Love you Christian! 6
Gotta say, im sold on my first round of booze... they just made me an alcoholic capri sun.
": Nothing like wearing a pair of crocs to say "I have no aspirations of getting laid tonight!"" Haa
Yeah. The car is totally empty now. Not much longer, but I have to go to another of our offices and get a laptop yet.
Manic Panic!
I thought that half time show was really good...........I don't know what everyone else is talking about?
that just explains how much of a life I have...
YAWWWWNNNN.......RT : Rick Santorum will be on Jay Leno tonight
Ugh...sun is so bright today!! #NeedShades. Blaming and
that's because your awesome.
LET'S GO TO THE BEACH BEACH LET'S GO GET AWAYY
Wrapped early....wardrobe hunt for tomorrow's session!!
Can you please follow me back? <3
Heading over to Union Square to see if anything is going on for #MayDay yet. If I don't come back, I've probably been arrested.
haha i can handle myself but not without my meggie nd vodka + monster + gf = INSANE!
RT : Rush knows sex is something sacred between a man and his fourth wife after she takes birth control and he enhancement...
Check out , a line of comfortable, classic clothes started by a college student!
Thanks for visiting us at Addison and Kedzie! A perfect Friday treat!!
Hey, I appreciate it, fam.
what's happening today?
Congrats to LeBron James on his third MVP award.
Baking summer days and steamy mornings, I miss you already!
Hello Rain. Thanks for watering our Brown Coated Houses.
Bartenders are wrong!!
nyc was wonderful, happy spring! :) howve u been; tell me bout urself?
@ my gram gram
Great! Thanks for the recommendation!
Yea , iBE Tripppnn Of Shtt ! But i STILL Ride For Mine ,
Ha! Girl the Internet seriously needs scratch n sniff! Grab Morgan and take the girl out for some donuts! You worked it!
is it that brown bottle flu???
thats awesome. Enjoy
Hey Harry!!(: How are you?(:<3
good morning Austin<3
just wanted to say thank you SO much for your support of Cant wait to share version 2.0! We're working hard! Soon!
We won !
And last but not least, follow our drummer ;)
It's #teacherappreciationday! Who was your favorite teacher back in school (music or otherwise)?
thanks for the follower
In our upstairs office, it's Neil Diamond day. We just thought we'd tantalize you with that.
Hey guys, it's Ray. I'm back :) Things will get going steadily again
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ... Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
Painting and got the headphones on jammin to the greatest hits of Lauryn Hill !!!!!
they were all smiley faces!
Mac and wiz are coming to maine!?
Loving ur everyday messages!! Truly refreshing. God is working thru u!! God bless :)
damn Bosh yo bird ass jus had to get hurt
A Dynamic Network Layer for Advanced Cloud Computing
Hello...Good Evening
#songsiwillbevergettiredof Heart vacancy-the wanted
Opening day. In like a lamb out like a lion (in October)?
RT : $NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
happy birthday in advanced! :)
is on the upper east side, where's Chuck?
Television ... facing the same path to obscurity as the land line.
that wuz me silly
I know right :)
I may not have no business dressing like this, but at least I'm dressed.
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.—Zora Neale Hurston
I thought we were friends...
tweet me i need to talk to you,and are you feeling ok?
Thanks to everyone who made our first live broadcast a HUGE success. We will most likely not be in Rochester next weekend but it's still TBD
im trying my best(:
#RecommendedReading - Teaching my mother how to give birth by Excellent in inexplicable ways.
After I tweeted that, I did realize I wasn't wearing my wedding rings due to my skin rash! Haha!
Judkins Carpet has 40% off every friday and saturday
": Darryl: Andrea is lost, I will go find her? Me: Shes dead, fuck her. Boom #Ricktator" Hell ya!
one last question. Will you ever, in a hundred million years, follow me? Just tell me if theres a possibility? :)
Joining call and live twitter conversation with & and & ’s Kathy Greenlee #SOTU ^CG
I agree RT : indeed they do. Eventually, I see trust frameworks making that easier, potentially automated
o word u jus tatted lol i wanna c dat
#ghlive Can't wait for the show to begin.
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 focus on learning and creating students who are arestis and linchpins
so true! I'm not a mom, but I'm a nanny... and a Birthday Party Clown! :-) :-)
LOL! I'm buying tickets for Drury Lane tomorrow and tomorrow's the cut-off date. I literally CAN'T accept late ones :-(
": Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this? -____- = Basic Bitches .."!!!!!!
Not hotter than Scarlett in Avengers!! What movie u watched?! RT : eeeerrrrm Rihanna's hotter tho :p lol
how much for 1 rib?! “: Cornbread. Ain't nothin wrong wit that “ There is no sex on the champagne room, none.””
Yay power outage :D
let's get it 106
While on my lunch break, I'm taking a look at what's screening at this year's , which starts this week!
with good administration support and teacher endorsement this method has seen success.
follow back please?
So many Taylor Swift cards & bags at Rite Aid. <13
love your non-social self
Just started The Walking Dead comics.
