awesome! RT : , and I will be there will bells on :)
I didn't do much today due to this awful case of the flu, but I did write two papers and vote for on
Lose 8-15 lbs in 8 days with a money back guarantee. Message me for more info.
Our boy will be in our bed within hours...yep we allow that
you both look amazing!! Enjoy!!
Yeah you're lucky that I'm nice and I came to suffer through that
My Baby Got A JetSki:) can't wait to ride !!
good to know!
God damn lebron
Teresa: YOU ARE AN ANNOYING PIECE OF TRASH, shut TF up!!!!!
My curls get on my nerves when they_________________________! (please fill in the blank)
Tattoo parlor! So fun 😄
#InMiddleSchool I was the one putting people up on new music
Have you read about Pretty cool.. I am thinking about getting involved... I do hold fitness bootcamps for my team! :)
glamorous night? Its cold! D: but I'm alright. Just boredd.
Love the coverage on #IUBB, keep it up!
i wonder how much would charge for a booking in the UK? it would probably be like... thousands of dollars? -sigh-
Next time you're on vacation, have him/her wear them and walk all over a major city. Then walk home because there's no bus after 8.
It's Christmas, the whole family is there and your HEATER BREAKS. Who you gonna call? 24/7 DanielsHVACNM.com THAT'S WHO!
All the Tweets fit to tweet have been the same for three years: Polishing this novel, hoping to get it off my desk and start the next one!
Yup!! I'm obsessed with Christian. Ugh, damn fiction books. Lol.
Happy B-day :)
#DidYouKnow a major cause of falls in the #workplace is improper use of lifting techniques?
If you follow Blackbird PR please start following DeLEuropeHotel, grand re-opening next month. Thank you!
yea just now
you on life one? C:
Curtain up on BOMBSHELL!
thanks for the RT! ;-D how are things going on this beautiful tuesday?
So, I'm taking #amazon up on offer to house ALL of my music in #cloudplayer. Hoping upcoming announcements don't disappoint
Randomly happened upon #TasteOfGeorgetown. Yay for supporting Gtown Ministry Ctr through fun & food (esp. cupcakes)
how was it? Are you training again?
So happy to announce that NotTrash keep over 200 pounds of waste from going to the landfill at this years Houston Pride festival!
#production flow
HR Adrian! NICE!
Saw him hit 1 out to LCF the other night, Greg. He #slapped it out there. And, it STILL went. Stand him UP!
Heading to DC tom to meet with and stare at Harry Reids most junior staffer.
Touring Cal Poly Tech today. What a cool campus they have! A Sig Pi gave me the secret handshake.
Workout ...then sleep..
way to go on the new album y'all!
My computer keeps beating me at all the games I play it. But, it was no match for me at kickboxing! ... Emo Phillips
Entourage is a better email experience than Outlook. Actually happy to receive messages. So much so that I'm reluctant to go to the office.
u were online 22 minutes ago :( .... anyways I want a taco too ! :D
I was commenting on your tweet about the kids drove you crazy
Ya and he has all the signs for liking me but I'm just to afraid to say something since I didn't like him last year so
Fuck love, I'd rather fall in money
Edgier than whack-ass young Republican bullies, bigots, and liars, yes.
uch, , you choose the most inconvenient times to stop working.
I know man I miss yah!
like that Kinte
When people i dont wanna talk to on twitter talk to me <<<<
I'm pissed I left my phone at home today. -.-
Well better do my harrrrr(hair)
me your email, but as a direct message, don't just post it. I don't remember if the one you gave me works or not,
Heehee. I hate when people ask me that.
Great effort from Walden
Pro Tempore => Temporarily
I did good tonight on stage unlike Monday! (: Haha.
My mom has one. I like the UI and what's available on the pee ees3 more than the Roku.
This isn't your standard box mac & cheese - try one of tonight's dinner specials the Bleu Steak Mac & Cheese w/choice of side salad or soup!
Text messages from Santa Claus! Sign up to receive 3 text messages from Santa and it helps The March of Dimes www.santatxt.com
Primed and ready for maker stations at noon!
got you wrapped around my finger babe, you can count on me to misbehave.
haha, love it! I've got a pappy too :)
RT : You have to be transparent and trust employees in order to get innovation.
Gave my 1st talk at #NYLA11 on mobile tech. Now sitting at lunch trying to stay awake until my next talk at 2. Jet lag sucks.
We'd love to have you! RT : tks for the follow! Im definitely overdue for a visit :D
i just saw one of there commercials....
aw thanks Rudy!!! :) made my night
If its going to rain in #washingtondc, at least let there be some snow!
lol awe thank you!
Official meeting of the Dude Club today. Translation: "taking my son to Wrigley!" Standby for cute pics!!
I'm thinking NOT... Am I close, David?
thx, will call you soon! good time to call?
uhm, we got a TOPLESS DJ - i don't think it gets better then this! ;) lol
None of them were written by Lorne!
Will I be checking a bag? Let's do the math: 3 hops + #Delta = no, I don't think so.
be classy...no whining
Antiwar activist: We need you veterans to fight on the Revolution's front lines. Veteran: I don't plan to fight on anyone's front lines.
they won't look exactly like us for long...
Thanks Karen!
BUMPER STICKER - "Some days you're the dog, other days you're the hydrant." What kind of day it is, is up to you.
Those shots of Jose Cuervo I took last night are not my friend right now
Tomorrow is exciting for 2 reasons: Our annual staff Halloween costume day, and #ISSMA State Marching Finals! Good luck, everyone! :-)
Love. Thanks 4 the morn love:)
I can't directly respond until you are following me
Join the call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a #SpecialEnvoy. Watch,Sign, Share: www.fallingwhistles.com
I hate when my mom gets mad because she knows shes losing control over me.
getting excited for the #nedod12 tomorrow with !
Content industries that have bought Congress for years complain about undue influence of #SOPA/ #PIPA foes. Hilarious. nyti.ms/yGzAg4
I'm either getting my tickets after school or tomorrow
were absolutely phenomenal, keep doing what your doing
thanks fellow SMPP peep. have a great day
Getting my grub on at #Chilis!
Stop. Close your eyes. Breathe. How good does this feel?
let me know if you need help!
thats a good tweet... I played point guard for 8 years competitively so I definitely know how to set up the play for the win
you saw me on 50th!?!? Omg I'm soo sorry!!
haha so do i!:)
Oh yeah...another game in the bag.
Come get fucking nuts w/ us and tonight in Tyler, TX at Crossroads (4802 Tidwell Dr)
Of course on NYE I would be the one to wake up w/ a god damn sore throat! FECK! I wonder how gin & chamomile tea tastes together. NYE drink?
what lesson was that? How to look ignorant and stupid, like you have no class? ya Tamie is so bad ass I'd be embarrassed
You reap what you sow, always remember you can't out run karma.
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you please follow me <3 ;) thanks ppl
Just gave a horribly uneven haircut to my Halloween wig! Will fight the crowds at Ricky's tomorrow to purchase a replacement.
lol. Im not really a mean person....you know?
Happy Friday! Thanks for the RTs and mentions
it's true carolina... RT : me: BACHELOR I KNOW WHO WINNNNSSSS, : YOU HAVE NO SOUL
Why the 30 second official timeout?
The first time I had ever saw you act was in RAY,I have admired you and your skills ever since then.Keep up the great work.
Little-noticed "trigger" in debt-limit deal would force Congress to join WAC as its 8th football member if no $1.8T in further cuts by Dec.
may the force be with you.
Oscar Nom-A-Thon Weekend's twelfth and final feature (and today's fifth): Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Bring on the Oldman!
GR! Walking outside this morning to grab some fresh blossoms for and stepped on a nail: through the shoe, sock, and into my heel.
Arm missiles....
Registration for #edcamp philly will be closing Tuesday at 8am.
Trip to the outlets was a bust. Did buy jeans for $9 at Banana Republic. Huge furniture sale at Pottery Barn, but forbidden to purchase.
And watchin salt
Flynn complains more about fans chanting Scal's name than the inability to rebound. Sit down.
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices - cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise & szechuan pprcrn.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Today's FREE breakfast item: Sausage Biscuit. Come get yours from 9 - 10:30 this morning.
I hope Fantasia is okay, my thoughts on this is Alicia keys did the same thing and nobody criticized her, damn.
a box? O.o
yes, flash units are the best way to cure immediately after printing...then they go through conveyor dryer.
ME TO BUT SOME NIGGAZ DON'T GOT NO CONTROL IN DA DARK AND PISS ALL ON DA FLOOR THE CRAZY SHIT IS THEY LEAVE IT THERE NAZTY SHITT
Ike Davis walkoff homer vs Yankees. Ready for a big year from Ike!!
Why do I live here?
any new news on Vera Katz statue, Mayor?
Woot! We have our LLC Paperwork for Spruce (finally!). We're official now! ;)
you complain about him not wanting to hang...now you don't. Why not les?
lol yea that's true
thanks for the sexy pics :P
Well now I feel old. ;) You went far grasshopper! How's business?
What are ya'll doing tonight? Bored? Tonight at 9 is when Karaoke starts!
gah. double-booked myself and can't make it to tonight's planning meeting. sadface.
I would like to congratulate and welcome SDSU’s new president, Elliot Hirshman. I look forward to meeting and working with him.
The new topps pennant app is pretty crazy...perfect for baseball nerds like myself. Every play chronicled in every game
I don't know if you'd agree but, Goodell is punishing people willy nilly with no rhyme or reason. Maybe it's just me though
right, it could be a giant boppy or beach ball...
manimal taking over Andrew who?
Ithink im busted open internally
Walking Dead was crazy! Im tempted to read the book to find out who dies next
You're missing out bro. I'm tipsy.
Music and editing this film...it shall be a long night
Luc asks Annabelle for some of her pretzels. She hands him 3 small pieces saying, "don't eat them all at once. Save them."
RT : Sweeter than a swisher..
pshewww. was about to fold, myself. was starting to get out of my intelligence level.
there are 30 other states we'd have to vote out too.
The internet makes me a better son! Shout out to Pamela working the phone at Prevatte floral in North Palm Beach FL. Thanks for your help!
Thank you! Great times ahead.
looked down on the monitor to check the time, got excited. Then realized I had read the date, not the time. Still an hour left at work.
Right on. Hope I didn't freak anyone out with Merriweather. RT : City Museum and gelato with smart friends
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that you know im not a bitch and dont even put myself next to one
Forgive urself 4 the past n everything u been thro. But more importantly forgive urself for who u were being at the moment n time.
how did that happen? I heard you get one free screen replacement if it still works.
Awesome boots!
Dierra bitch ass aint txt me back when i needed her nappy head ass! Fuck her :)
Freedom is just another word for nothing to Lose, take a chance, chase your dream .
"is your name cinnamon buns?" "you bet your sweet ass it is"
I just noticed they made a cartoon of Legos.......why are they wasting tv time?
Great night at CO Rockies and Atlanta Braves game at Coors Stadium in Denver with ASTD friends from across the country.
I find that many sociologists just don't know much about edtech
:) we already have a room :)
real champions work in the early hours of the day. Ask and they know what's up.
so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!
Weird weather today in #abq. Feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
lol. That would be an example of April Crazies' Day :)
Sad the loop hole is always a jerk move because I think of it as a portal through the time and space of the tax code.
not that kept passing the softball field!
Can't wait to see at this Friday!!! I haven't seen them since Las Vegas and Pitt :)
Cant wait! So excited.for yall
Today @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, guest is Comedienne, Devin Green, Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
Build Day will be held next Saturday,October 9th.
if i unfollow a board, then why do the pins still appear on my homepage stream?
really? im surprised lol but your stories are quiet amazing how could i not keep reading them?(:
It's a real church service lol
all this work is a good thing except that I'd prefer to be cozy and snuggling in bed all day (#youmusthave priorities)
I will!
Prom saturday
Thanks for all of your support. Our Fans are awesome. Win a free iPad2 tonight. Free sign up! Simple to play. www.playffnow.com
Out&About.
Just had everyone go T-Rex on my creative brief at work. There were no survivors. NOM NOM NOM
yay for third ward love :)
my grade on this world civ final is gonna suffer due to this playoff game
everytime i talk to my stepbrother we talk about california gajakdldlahys cant wait to move ot there
I somehow knew you'd RT that one.
I can answer questions, though I didn't participate this week.
Just submitted a huge RFP for an interesting project... Wish us luck.
Belated congrats. Maybe you know this: when was the last time all 3 promoted sides stayed in the EPL?
Just watched the titanic.. I totally cried like a baby, and Leonardo looked even more amazing in 3D!
so excited getting an iphone this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Ill do anything just to see her smile in person today
she always post that her followers only have to post once... If they post the same thing to many times she will block them
Anyone want to place any bets that B Childress gets fired if Vikes lose today?
why does this need to be on twitter. It's No ones business.
Oh, I shouldn't and I wouldn't. There is a 15 year old girl living inside of me.
thanks for such a great show last night! You guys are so nice, and sound even better in person! Can't wait for hello!
Q2) bad metaphor: learning, when it isn't.
We're working on something very special for our TikiDolls on twitter! Stay tuned, its going to be #justFAB!
what are you doing???
My cat is 18 today. He looks like Garfield.
I AM jealous. You know the dentist is my favorite.
The Dinner Special tonight is a BBQ'd Meatloaf Dinner; mashed potatoes and green beans, 10.00
saw a familiar face yesterday.....um big regret
Guess what today is... _ _ _ Tuesday. Who can guess it??
Oh yes ya boi got an A on my business final
Thank you for the RT!
"I fear political content on the web is more ratings driven than broadcast due to search optimization" David Chalian
I think I'm becoming a morning person.
thank you ma'am .
0 degrees! Bring on the snow!
thx 4 the encouraging tweet...tried to watch replay #BSC game last night and turned it off before half time
Looking outside my window...firetruck in front of San Diego city hall?
Shout out to all my new followers
don't act like you've never kissed a fish 😳
french kids eat anything? Since when? Just been discussing this with daughter living in France. Aussie kids do
The book that had the some of the most impact during my school years was The Chosen by Chaim Potok.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. M.Williamson Shine on - artists!
Filming of "The Wettest County" in GA #Wine country. Persimmon Creek Winery
Lucky you. I miss NYC, especially in springtime.
I'm need to get some allergy meds quickly. My eyes are starting to swell like a bad boxer.
: RT : Space gang! Space gang! Everythang!!!! RT if u dwn wit my SQUAD!!!
goodnight <3.. In my country it's already night :(
RT : I know you don't feel like it but get your workout in and you'll feel great when you're done.
Interestingly, I get asked a lot about children's programs a lot because I have the tendency to rate them a lot..
"We must ask whether we have been deceiving ourselves in our confession to God alone; whether we have not rather been confessing to...
I thought for sure there would still be an Orange Julius at Monroeville Mall.
Thank you so much ! I love how you always find time to give back to your fans. <3
im finna be dat rapper in them movies too
-_- I look like A freaking lobster. #DamnSun P.L.U.R.<3
in France ;) haha
I just cried.
prob knock it down for a while. Shorter credit history & new hard inquiry. Leave old card active, but never use.
Nugent: D.A.R.E., poontang and guns.
Yeah! I made it this round, too!
Logic is the anatomy of thought...John Locke
wow... thats crazy
hi michael. Do you think we could feature YOUR music on our website?
Google is going to share info abt a user across all of the Google products used - Gmail, Google search, YouTube, etc.
hi. you don't know me, but i thought i would let you know your name reminds me of a german restaurant i went to in co springs.
S/O to for not including me and whatta bitch
psst, i've got a secret! feel like letting me whisper in your ear? cum share all the dirty, nasty things that keep you up at night.
Happy mothers day to my granny Geneva Mitchell love you
really ... Do I have to pick just one? :)
he's a keeper
<3 <3 my homies, my family <3 <3 .....ONLY 198 MORE TWEETS TO GO! AAHHHH! 11 MORE DAYS! :D AND 3 MORE DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! :D :D
you are beautiful in everyway, and never even, think differently, okay love? <3
I jus want to walk up 2 any random guy & punch him in the face & then walk away!
where did ? Going? Friday ?
if the browns are practicing secretly. Idk what the rules are about that exactly, I know they did camp colt / cribbs.
“: happy birthday” thank you :)
I'm not attached to anyone so don't act like my nigga about anything I post on Fb/Twitter. I'm done playing lil kid games
well fix it!
What's ur name? Ya Marissa is one of my bffs : )
What a day of anger ...
Well, weelll, well...... here's incentive... 50% off 4 the REST OF THE NIGHT...GET HERE b4 They sell out WORD
Critical need to reform juvenile justice policy. Jeffrey Fagan: lengthened sentences for juvenile offenders do nothing to lower crime rates.
Hey Tony, thanks for the RT! :)
It can be argued that collection development will become more of a community process
my phone is so dead, if it comes out of the charger, it dies. ._.
morning writing is the only writing that gets where it's meant to go
Looking forward celebrating with tonight!
But man oh man. Let me tell you about the hot guys here... So nice.
#Huguely lawyer says he has proof Huguely and Yeardley Love were "cordial" in the hours before her death. Details
plz follow me back I am a huge fan!
Grammys messed up and ?uest made sure Don got mentioned.
“Your dresses should be tight enough to show you’re a woman and loose enough to show you’re a lady...”
Stupid decision, great result.
"Late" at night, or "late" as not on time?
congrats on the pub!
I'm way to psychoanalytical while watching this Rihanna performance on SNL.
Well kept secret? Cleveland literary audiences are some of the best I've ever read to. Alive, responsive.
we're all just talking lol
she told my mom you hit her!! ha
One more month till vacation
I hear you but I don't see how it takes away from the sport. Not one bit, 2 men going toe to toe voluntarily is fine with me.
Hey, ! I just bought your book! It can't get here fast enough.
6th GIG, COMPLETED BABY, TIME 4 A THICK-N- JUICY STEAK, AT TX RDHSE!!!!
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: A life without cause is a life without effect.
Down with Team Chingao? Ya you know me!
watch last nights episode of archer --- he went through something similar ha
Booked a webisode, Euston Prep and looking forward to shooting!
Go Lift!! Women simply don't have enough testosterone to bulk like the Hulk
Better Thai food in Roanoke than C-ville. Hmphh. Highly recommend Thai Continental on Market.
Guns N Roses playing live in Maryland.. How old are these guys... Time passes by quick!
Sometime I just get tired of all this
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
My pleasure Anna! You made some great points.--> Preparation + Opportunity = Success
RT : What's the name of the fetish where you listen to Mitt Romney talk and throw up?
mi know fi roll di weed know fi light di weed. it make mi eyes a bleed!!!!
Bucks show life with Miller at QB, yet OSU goes back to Bauserman... This is why Fickell is a one and done coach
Paul Pierce staying in the game after all of this... If he hadn't gone all Meryl Streep to being with, none of this would have happened
Yes I'm serious.
Challenger Attacks Houston Mayor
It should b a compliment if I ask a dude why be smells so good.
Welcome back fucktards from your spring break
"good friends: you can count them on one hand"
you're welcome on air anytime.
just gave my bunny some yumm yumms and watter
That's it for Mike Trujillo, and Bill Wilkinson comes on to get the final out of the fifth. Brewers now lead 5-4!
haha. I get it. Cause you woulda spent 'em on said dogs, right? Let's seriously get a hotdog together soon.
haha thanks I appreciate that. How's AZ treatin you these days
Become the change you want to see.
Hey, What's up Emilio We would like to speak to you and clear up the rumors about you "saying" U hope Snooki has an abortion
God First, Family, then Everything else
he dont kno who my father is..bt he kan b my daddy
RedirectMatch is your friend :) key thing is to get the org to agree and remember to sustain the old domain record and redirect.
attending classes should be optional when it is so cold and rainy outside. Esp 4 those who must walk to school.
Tomorrow night I'm playing at Lock House 6 in Industry PA. If you like looking at boats, join me for boat watching, music and some whiskey.
much love G when you comin back to ptown
please alert my closest of kin that my suicide barometer has piqued at red-orange.
whats next for me
I hope my mommy have a good mothers day.
Human activity, war esp, is a problem with combating malaria. Plus there are many kinds of Mosquitos.
Presenting a session on latest results from at #EVSCREV12 Don't miss it!
Great day! Decyfer down concert, and spent the day with they're guitarist! He taught me a song, and i bought their album! Pillar is the ...
r u a boy or girll if your a boy ill kiss u babe jk i dont know u ??!!:)
if you follow and retweek this i will buy you new single and get my friends to buy it :D♥
To Do List? Yeah, haven't done that. BUT I'm back on the horse w/ #TheMovieLovers blog. Cross your fingers, tweeps.
Good morning Twitter
tha speed bumps n Farmington Lake will damn near flatten ur tires ...goddamn!
My family is number one in my mind all the time - life comes with curve balls and twists and turns such, I never take those routes...
The choices we make in life is the road we pave for our future and walking the roads of life on our own heels is like shoes choices nchances
#TopOfTheMorning I'm Up and at it cus I'm all about #GoingInForMine #WorkHouseFlow so I'm forever gone be
If U R a commercial realtor or know of 1 in #RVA & cn help w/ warehouse space plz DM or contact us via www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Is everyone in #Indy on Bluff rd this morning?
Lol what i only say u a LOSER cause you aint fuckin wit a WINNER...
the media coverage is too much I don't care what plane it's on
if so.. Then why did u find the need to add YOUR personal opinion.? Shouldn't it be kept to yourself? Hm
I'm the World's greatest self-proclaimer. (Self-proclaimed)
Haha. Love it. Beer should never be absent from mugs.
Good morning everyone!! It's looking to be another gorgeous day in LA!!
Sevilla's is good..Where have you been?? Are you 21 yet
That moment when you open a new pack of gum.. and suddenly everybody in that class is your best friend.
#RIP Junior Seau Trojan for Life!
happy mothers day
Excited to introduce Steps 2 Success Philadelphia next week, an innovative and scalable approach to paying it forward in #Philly schools
lol i meant in the bathroom dawg. i miss u too ❤
Tweet Me Maybe ? ILY ♡ U Are Everything To Me
I find it peculiar ,given the actions of State Ed. and our current NY government, that unions and parents continue to support Gov. Cuomo
hehe here is still friday! is saturday good??;)
good game tonite,loved ur hussle keep it up :-)
Thanks. What sort of stuff do you work on?
so glad i made it down for an cask.
Congratulatiions Karen on your well deserved award and thank you for all do for the WFF and all us!
Thanks for everything today. ♥♥♥♥ ! PS Lovely conservation didactics in Circus Bldg :D
“The expression a woman wears on her face is more important than the clothes she wears on her back.” ~ Dale Carnegie
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 68
#OnceUponATime followed me
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
always...They just create too much hype for standard revisions. It shouldn't be some big press event everytime for minor updates
Duncan: The digital divide is real. That is a real challenge. Under $10 a month for family broadband-more realistic
come back soon! For some pale edgyness!
that will be 1am haha Its worth staying up for.
Look at me now on 97.9 they barely play it anymore
This should really make Obama happy!! If only it would happen!!
And for those people who think the world is going to end, ITS NOT.They said that was because there us an Aztec calendar.And it ends in 2012.
Happy birthday to freshman forward Marcus Byrd.
Is there an age limit for bag-snatching? We were once robbed by an 11-year-old.
well I was wrong about Shane not being killed lol..:P~
omg seriously what's this from?
Of course, in France every vote counts directly towards electing the President. Same can't be said for Parliamentary elections
To what are you referring?
Sure let us know what you have in mind in the future.
at the #pantages theater last night was absolutely amazing! A magical
I ate pizza like 20 minutes ago & now I want nachos.
ugh I miss playing PACman :( #world2 I'm about to buy an xbox to play it I wish it was on playstation 3
Swerty k n
#InCaseYouDidntKnow you're the reason I get butterflies.
Awee , get yo' dollas!<3 RT I'm not into the whole Drag Scene, but I can't wait to go and support perform.<:
Today after work, I'm finally going to buy the first pet of my adult life. A Betta Fish from I shall call him "Jerry Garfisha" :)
But I'm wondering will it ever go away?
May the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my mind be pleasing to my innermost Self. May they not betray me but ignite me.
well then come live wit me
read this about : "He did the raps for MC Skat Kat, known for the Grammy winning "Opposites Attract" w/ Paula Abdul." <--LMAO!
It's a list of people I think are going to be there - if that helps. A lot from the Netherlands again!
aw thanks so are you(:
yea I had one yesterday it was very uncomfortable then they press on my bladder I was glad when it was done!
just tried to use my iphone as a mouse. It didn't work.
Cool! What was the new exhibit?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
yes maybe stay there lol don't like it here
isn't that what twitter is for??
Good talk. Russ.
It's always funny to see kids getting yelled at or spanked in public now that I'm grown!
#Bucks Hammond says letting Bogut go was tough and hopes he's successful in future
RT : Sen Franken to Sen Paul: My office will print transcripts of all hearings w/ tchrs, principals, etc. we already had
Goodmorning, nd happy valentines day :D
I facebooked you my real number! I miss rockin with you guys! Come back to #Denver soon.
Last thing I'll say. (I know: 'shut up!') W/a good restaurant job I culd live in same town as my gf. Shout out NTT longdistnace relatinshps!
lol i think everyones girlfried is crazy at some point
Still no #Braun post on #ESPN lets go great sports leader!! If it was a Yankee they would be all over it.
One topping slice and a PBR only $5 from 11am-10pm TOMORROW ONLY!!! Za it up and watch sports... If yer into that...
I love my girlfriend(; I wish I was with her!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY!!!
hope u hav a great b day tomoro and hope tweets u :)
I'm humbled that you say that man
Con la forma la que sexy me baila y lo rico que tu labios me besan
Doing my graduation invites. :)
would love to chat - send me an email at ? Thx!
Tonight is the night everyone. Highland Park Country Club's open house 6-9 p.m. See you all there.
Like slobber boy Chris Matthews does?
obnoxious people <<<<
Thanks for the RT ! What kind of shoes you going to be sportin' this Spring season?
Today's coffee afternoon: spiced biscuits with a grape juice. They are very burnt, oh my god! Does anyone have a juice better?
I dont know why but Gloria from bbw remind me of lol
The Milwaukee Ballet presents their Spring Series this weekend at the Marcus Center Friday and Saturday at 7:30pm. Tickets are just $25!
Who is up and wants to chat?
My iPhone expects me to use the word nigh but not the word prompt. Interesting.
Vanessa thanks for the RTs.
I may be witnessing a breakup-in-progress on this train.
Thanks to my beautiful, savvy, goodhearted friends for making me laugh so much over margaritas yesterday! Life is good.
- Here's my shout out : Everyone should want a $1 drink & Win Hawks Box Seats. With you can!
Ahh sorry I missed your tweet! I try to "unplug" on the weekends! Hope you and had fun :)
YouTube and the web keep the dream alive you can do it :)
our awesome associate director of collections picks the books. ( selects which day a book is highlighted.)
My cuzzin keeps it real
Love watching cartoons.
:) Sounds awesome!
same here don't remember much. And what is up with twitter spam its like a whole new level owns
A little sunburnt. And a lot tired.
Today I woke up to go to class. This will never happen again.
thanks, will do.
My new tag line: "your facts remain woefully inadequate", then threaten to sue them. lol thanks Ronn for being you
What do we have to do to be included?
When A.I. got on the ground and kissed center court >>>>>
I'm just saddened, heard you all had fun with frisbee golf yesterday sad I missed that too
how's everything with cast a bigger net going?
I like me some penis. Haha im totally joking.
Wanna send me a wink? You know you do...
i found the notebook omg hey ryan
I keep my house at 70º yet I still find myself getting hot.
Are you saying carnival employees sometimes stray from the law? How dare you!
i'm pretty sure Is a guy..you said follow her
If you aren't a hater or an instigator then we can totally be great friends :P
love this Coca Cola advert :')
thanks boo. N we do need to go on our date
Fair point.
I could never stab someone.. I can barely get the straw in my juice boxes .
So, we ran into a few snags. We apologize for being absent. ;/
New research from UCLA shows meditation helps your brain process info more quickly.
Come to the open mic tonight at Meltdown Comics! Sign up 7:00, lottery 7:30, comedy 4eva!
haha i'm going to listen to that all off-season...next year we won't have to stress as much when the wolves make the playoffs
While you have your calendars handy, mark the last week of April 2013 for our next Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Thanks Omaha, haven't done that in a while! Kansas City, MO tonight w/, Cherokee Rock Rifle & Runaway Sons. 21+
Don't miss the ShamROCK in party tonight , 5:30-11p. It all leads up to the St. Pat's Parade tmrrw at 12p.
u been to 24 hour?
Great new jargon of the day - i actually like this one :) - "philanthrocrat".
Some think as long as they make a design it can be made by any printer listed in the phone book or on Google
Spoke with Tory Miller today, still in NYC after his Beard award Monday. Dinner's going to be 11 Madison Park, Craft or Takashi.
Double rats
#Educause10 adaptive teaching and learning model is fascinating
Corndogs all-around! RT The baby is here! I have a new nephew! Pics and details later.
- Yes, it's so gorgg & classic at the same time! #TrendsTues! xox
I think I could pull off Glen Quagmire...for a millisecond.
so crazy but I love you!!!
Now that Andy Rooney is gone the demographics for CBS must have improved. ;^)
Just turned on HBO to the salt n peppa part of Something Borrowed
Feeling like a teenager... Spent 2 hours on the phone last night & 2 more texting! My coworker played Cupid... He may have done really good!
At Memorial City Mall With Skylar and Chloe(:
Now following :) Need more followerz
I will report any recommendations. Nothing yet. Testing the power of Twitter.
S/o to the ethnic ppl behind me trying to realy sing this national anthem lol
I really need there to be more #Sherlock episodes.
Times running out get ya ticket today before you're sol
I feel ya.
TONIGHT! Pyro Productions: My Last Judgment, Ashes of Angels, The Seventh Cavalry & more!@ THE SPOT 9068 SOCORRO RD. 6:30, $6. SEE YOU THERE
Driving my kids to school in morning gives me flash backs of being a kid again like I'm going to school. It's weird.
Yyyyyyoooooowwwwww!!! I keep shocking myself at walmart
Had 80s flashback dream (didn't want it to end)! Had windows open overnight (IN MARCH!!). How bizarre is this weather? Another hot day ahead
How long before every car has Internet in the dash?
“Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning 'lousy hunter'” - Andy Rooney. I'll miss you.
That awkward moment when you're crossing the street and the people in their cars are just staring at you..
Gym time!
I love you, love you, love you, love you, love yoou, I love you *sings*
How did the bath and ride go?
thanks Andrew!
Haven't been on here in forever but I'm back and here to stay (:
oh wow there are way more then i ever thought
Beautiful show last night! Great crowd and crew so thank you to The Room! Now we over in Coldspring so check out our FB and come! #please?;)
Such a nice day!
My dad's getting paid today!
Yes I use the subway if I can walk the traffic gets too crazy for a taxi
Goal of the Day: Change adds up! Put your spare change in a jar each day. When it's full...to the bank! An easy way to save a few dollars.
When it�s cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth. The opposite happens when it�s warm.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
: Your cryin on my sleeve what does it really mean It doesn't really matter to me
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents, despite every effort to teach them good manners
i dont have too tell u anything your nobody too us now goodbye
Does romance actually exist like it does in the movies?
thamx for the follow
And you!
gym time
hahaha so was a LOT of other people..
i would if i could, anythings better than cincinnati haha
Yes sir, C Everything Officer of , expert marketplace w/ a frontend combo quora + linkedin
Im just an average girl living out a dream!
When she signs #FiftyShades on Mon at BN Carle Place on Long Island, E.L. James will also sign collectible cards for NOOK versions.
U.S. photographers: tax filing deadline is 3 weeks from today (April 17). Time to get cranking unless you've already filed as a corp, etc.
he wants you lauren.
Spring break!
I don’t hate you, I’m just disappointed you turned into everything you said you’d never be.
On another note: Urgh, I hate "fix it up." Why not just "fix it"?
i Freaking Love My New Backgroubd Tho I Could Look At It All Day *_*
Let's pretend you weight 180 pounds and you also walk or run at 5 miles-per-hour for 2
Excited for 's visit to our offices this afternoon. They're issuing a new ed of "Lonesome" a silent by our fmr prez Paul Fejos!
I'm down
already following (:
leaving work at work.
I love that you are taking in Omaha the way you are. I hope you've enjoyed your stay so far!
Oh hell the liars have pissed Again! They really don't want a piece of !
No. of US children that experience severe hunger increased 253% in the last 3 yrs. Who's talking about it?
I'm writing my first screenplay now and finally understand why the director gets all the glory. S/he really gives it life
two more days then it's on can't wait CWO
Emma says she will watch March madness with me!!
Happy 21st bday !!!! Time for 1800 blueberry tequila shots!
The good thing about having my hair up is it always looks like I have sex hair so you can't tell if I really do ;)
we can talk about it in person.But like u said if its gone just be me and you.Don't put it ALL over twitter Its starts more
Haha. Thanks smart ass. :P
Correct. We'll get there - working out details of allowing for better ordering/filtering of lists in the future.
I miss
my number one fan after all these years. She would if I'd let her.
Awww really I can't wait... you still at Clark?
I love u Bella u are awesome
bring back Tosh.O.. To make my tuesday nights a little better !
Take 6 shots nightly for a week. Sickness be gone!
Feeling very healthy I think I should eat in and out burger! Lol
I should hope not! RT : So are we just all going to give Bryce Harper a pass on that hair?
damn near got sick while working on the paper i turned in on saturday. i'm honestly trippin over nothing! i need orange juice :(
Not sure how I feel about Timelines for Pages, what do you guys think?
me rob and Anthony got stopped by the cops on the 4wheelers and got tickets /:
...which means that, actually, he's already on his way "out" again...yeah? Haha
Thinking the craftroom move from up to downstairs might take about 40manhrs #wheredidallthiscomefrom?
your deal as in what do you do in life :P
My destiny is mine not anyone else's, so no one can affect it unless i let them
good!...now get to sleep!
:) Keep being awesome!! Check out our new single Your Fool on our myspace www.myspace.com/hopeshighrock
Oh brother. Give me a fucking break….
My day started off good so far :-)
Steelers are on the 'Stairway to "Seven"!'
Can real politicians give speeches like Leslie Knope's?
Suckin on ma titties like you wanted me callin me all the time
who needs America's Biggest Loser when we have one as President
Are you #HappyAsFuck?
Lean Cuisine has a new lime of vegetarian entrees that actually have gardein and fake meat in them, super cool!
It would be so nice if I could stop working and have some fun.
The Ataris have 2 holes in tour & need shows: Milwaukee July 8 & Evansville/Terre Haute, IN July 10. PROMOTERS email:
The Lizzie McGuire movie! :)) 💙
lol there are.
I love you but i can't sleep cuuz my phone keep buzzing from your tweets !!! Lol please just go to bed already Dx haha ❤
Having kids has made me better at living my life present in each moment. Not dwelling on the past or projecting into the future
@ The Coffee Cave. Eating some good Shrimp Corn Chowder
Short Bus Shawty
Hi Ellina! Why don't you give our call center a call and we'll set you up with a CAF Leasing agent! :) 1.888.346.3377
why did they let the white guy shoot? Open or not, give it to the guy on your team that is ice
: re "Ethical subjectivity seems common sense true": Haidt's Righteous Mind describes much evidence on this
and I can say you helped out big time!
#pottermore WHY WON'T YOU JUST LOAD THE FUCKING PAIGE!!!! STOP REFRESHING!!! #annoyedasfuck!!!
“: We get it in at Le Fleur” drunk ass tim
ha! nice. who'd a thunk.
First, clarify your higher purpose, and all else shall be revealed.
why yes, yes he is. 
Wish the All Star voting started a little later so would be starting instead of that punk d.wade...
My new wallpaper is a picture of and Couldn't get any more perfect.
Lil Wayne's rock solid case for being pro-life: "BUT if you abort your baby, you could be denying the world a future beautician!"
2300 likes! you are all such awesome and supportive friends of mine. I hope to see a lot of you next week at Phoenix Comicon
#stuffsixteenyearoldssay RT : It's days like these where I could really use an ice-cold Zima.
Sorry- don't think we do!
We've got hail... Does that mean we get a snow day tomorrow?!
Even though I'm still trying to finish two other books, I couldn't resist picking up DEATH COMES TO PEMBERLEY by P. D. James.
Is This Loaf That I'm Feeling
I LIKE HOW IT SOUNDS WHEN I READ IT IN MY HEAD.
Why is it SO much harder to motivate myself to workout than the actual workout?!?!
How do you know how deep to go before it's real?
Man the middle of the night drives are beautiful in Montana.
sweet dreams to you to. Talk to you in the morning
I need to start eating real food.. Not dorm food
Thank you Gr8 presentation on landing the work of your dreams
Just recorded the 4th song to SR's up and coming CD 2010AD
Nope it must've been an imposter! Funny you asked though, I'm actually working on acoustic versions of my songs!
Order your tix to "Wade in the Water" this Friday at by tomorrow at 12pm and you could win a $50 gift certificate to Lloyds!
what did u get?
huh. ?? You make no sense! You ass hole! Haha(:
I really hope realizes how important and Noah Puckerman are to SO MANY fans.
Just watched measurement of fat content in milk. Did you know? The max fat content in cow's milk in this area is 3-3.5%.
So far so good, just been busy playing out! :o) I'll be performing this Fri in Buckhead if you can make it. or Sat May 26
That's fun! Unless you have carpeted floor and step on said Cheerios (that is marginally less fun).
Must have been the beef-a-rino
Amazing stream. Thank you!
without us you're just a pay check... Wait....
MYHOUSE Fridays GRAND OPENING this Friday 6/4. Get on the VIP LIST and check it out!!
So they found the man who killed Jennifer Hudsons family
appreciate the love, always show love to my fans
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
Jack Gantos presenting author of the year @ #ccbas go Jeff Kinney
Just said goodbye to some of my employees. I'll miss em.
im taking that champ boys
same here! though i think it's consistently going to look like this for the rest of the year.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you realize you cant sleep BC youre laying in the most awkward/uncomfy position so that your dog IS comfy...
Aw, shucks! Xoxo
indeed. It was a rather disturbing realization for me.
You know you've always got my ♥! Really great track!!
Tonight we're going hardhard harrrr-ad just like the world is ours...we r who we are lol
This day needs to end faster..
Just got done watching everything must go on netflix pretty awsome movie.
The West End location will be opening at 9a (3.27). However, there will be limited Kidzone staff/classes. Thank you for your understanding.
You are both awesome. Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow by this time, I'll be landing in GB seeing my dad, mom, sisters and bro...maybe double bubble at The Bar! WOO HOOO!!
Fantastic meeting today with . He's on the path of greatness.
Working on the issue now. Will let you know what happened.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???4
We're going to shoot the Pilot!
Hey guys, go follow and get them to 1k followers! And follow while you're at it :)
11:11 Make A Wish I hope you come true<3
Will I ever get to ride #windseeker ??? It's never open
Went to buy my Mastodon tix for April 13th. Was issued tickets to The Cranberries on accident. There's a joke in there somewhere...
Bout to relax In my Cool House for a min Lol
Who did your Wendy cover?
#trayvonmartin .... so sad.... thoughts go out to his family
You're the man. Awesome. Great play. Enjoy the evening. Cheers.
easiest money in sports right now is betting on the over for a pens/flyers game
you don't have more than half of all programs losing money every year.
oh my god! Thank you so much! We would definitely be friends!
hilarity! Your girl is so cool and hilarious. Hope the world is treating you like the gem you are. :)
Can't imagine why, but for some reason I am in a very good mood this morning.
Thats what we need Im on here daily trying to promote lol :( It sucks trying to sell 80 tickets lol
Pooping in a rich person's house. Priceless.
Hey yall! GUESS WHAT?
Too much drama and not enough zombie attacks. The Walking Dead issues :/
Get your HEAT on!
Secretly bummed that I didn't win a Yahoo skateboard. I am sure those ladies aren't gonna ride them.
Hey everyone be sure to follow our personal twitters Patrick needs one!
Sorry I'm late, but thanks for the RT. Portillo's was delicious as always!
yep im the one and only! #youalreadyknowdoe :)
Our Baby & Me Yoga Series w/Heather & Susanna starts this Saturday at Dupont - 11:00-12:15pm. Babies 2 weeks to 6/7 months
Nothing like a king size doobie
Does anyone out there have a good understanding of Zipf's Law and would be willing to explain it to me?
Doing a bike census at Falls and Maryland Ave til 6pm
One of my favorite moments in Stevaughn's project--the drumroll.
Ew Buzz please refrain from licking your weiner while your sitting on my lap. Go lick Reno now.
“: Learned a valuable lesson last night” Don't put Twinkies on your pizza
Gratitude to my newewst followers :)
Does anybody know how #googledrive works when you have more than one account? Do you just relabel the desktop icons?
It is. They have basketball out back & jello shots, and the afore-mentioned urine smell. Will let you know next time I go!
you inspire the techie in me, thanks
yeah or allergies... But the money could pay for allergy treatment!
i knew that rain would fuck up my hustle
Your Johnson City, TN store rocks! The sales staff helped me out big time last night with a phone order. Many thanks to them!!!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk I'm not racist
It's so awesome reading all the #311cruise tweets and pictures. Wish I was there!
MONTHLY AUDUBON BIRD WATCHING WALK IN THE PARK Sat, March 31st, 8-9:30am All ages! Free! Meet at the fountain in NW corner of Patterson Park
Gator Goal by Brittany Dashiell ends the drought seven minutes into the second period. UF leads OSU 3-1
Trying again to get on Dog the Bounty Hunter show with my tweets. See how it goes. :)
How was your sunny sunday? I have tomorrow off..bike ride on bainbridge after breakfast, call in GAY and join us!
Mornin tweeps its day here in #Colorado #Purps~N~Gold so put ur gear on an scream fuck the
I have no idea what you are talking about. :)
that awkward moment when keeps tweeting #snl and I didnt know what it ment....
honors 3 former Board Chairs: Dr. Phyllis Martin, Yvonne Perkins and Doris Parker for their contributions to council.
that's good. What you doing today?
Still eating slowly falling in <3 with this place, old ppl and all!
Cant wait till this week is over
nope lol id damn near even cut it down to 4 Id fuck a girl whos fucked 6 guys but I wouldn't even consider takin her serious.
I <3 Beer Week is starting soon. Free to enter and prizes to the top beer lovers.
Id rock the casbah, if I knew what the fuck a casbah was
I'm in econ class and we are watching and the outlawing of masturbation the #spermhitler comment had me in tears!
What Evernote feature do you & your students find to be most beneficial? Audio recording? Enjoyed your blog post!
Racing on the highway is always fun
nah, not this time. Weather was kind of bad. Next time, though.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment. ~ Lao Tzu #Word rt
HIV rate in black women (Johns Hopkins) equal to some countries in Africa. Where? Baltimore. Five times the national average. Safe sex (rt).
RT : Need dinner plans tonight? Make your reservations with !
Note to self: never have twins
is tonight's Harris Teeter with wine bar grand opening party free? Where do we get invites?
is it done!? :D
Facebook pays $1B for Instagram. Value based entirely on what cash Zuckerberg had in his car's cupholder at the time.
Thanks for RT, Valmont. Hope all's well. My musician friend Lauren is coming to CT in June. Will be giving her your contact info.
MT Couldn't agree more: Every time someone says that my essays are too long, it makes me want to make them 10,000 times longer.
Super tired and I'm catching a very minor cold! Guess I'll sleep all day today! Ijs 
WWJD? He would take care of the elderly, children, the poor & middle class. He would advocate equality & LOVE for ALL including LGBTs
"Why not?" "Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my own life."
What if gas was sold by the cup? A $4.64 gallon would be 29 cents a cup.
Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC: There's NOTHING Romney won't do for $$. IOW, no ethics, no scruples. Indeed.
need some vitamin c 🍊
Will introduce myself. The pleasure will be mine! Loved your reading
yeah sunlight makes the color fade. also temp. changes make the paint shrink/expand so try to avoid that as much as possible
he thinks i should stop reading and start giving him a snack.
Need to marry a woman whom you would choose his friends, if it were a guy.
don't cry
girlfriend says to boyfriend my boobs are small i need a boobjob boyfriend says my hands are small i need a handjob
hi, I wish I had freedom
yes, you should...i though it was awesome!
The eastern Wisconsin city that takes credit for creating the hamburger is holding its annual celebration of the sandwich this weekend.
LOL, I Wanna Know How Old #Oomf Are ...
About to go do this ride along
What the heck? I did not know had children!
haha yes one of 2 things happened my gps was incorrect or the other which i prefer is im now the Flash and can rum at light speed
New Business Launch tomorrow! Classes Tuesday! Watch for updates Wednesday. Add It Up Bookkeeping, QBGal.com
same sh*t, different toilet
Yup. Right there with ya... MT I know I'm a wimp, ready to go to bed at 9:30 on a SXSW night.
Wouldn't have missed that doll's party for nothing!
I missed you too! I know right. I SO GLAD TO! I was like I wonder if this is the Elizabeth I know lol!
Don't think so. But I wish they did.
David Freese is the man! Go Cards!
it's okay doll :)x
come pick me up girla cause my mom wont drive me
The only was the TacoBell analogy works is if a students tuition is set for their whole degree when they enroll.
We are almost thru 2012.....the end is near
you bet we will if we get a break between classes! Otherwise, we hope our parents will!
Wit muh gurl just watched som weird azz movie. Now watching lion king
another SPECTACULAR time with the TAZJ CLUB!! :)) :D we had SUCH FUN and the best time waving and dancing for people along the highway!! :))
“: You are a woman with a man inside watching a woman. You are your own voyeur.” Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride > True of?
dude. ours is better. just you wait.
I was! finishing my paper then hopefully back to bed if storms don't interfere. So tired!
We love you too.
W00t! just surprised me w/ Twilight Zone Live tix at the ACT Theater! I just happened to be watching it on tv when she did. :)
I like it. Although, you should warn people that the rocketloader feature breaks Disqus comments on WordPress in some cases.
Watching the Yankees-Phillies game on Baseball season is finally here
Yes Sir, hope West Bengal will turn around soon
I have a copy of your historical thinking poster, love it! Thanks!
always not-so-secretly wished 's last name was Axelrod
well old friend (chronology speaking) ..good..=) thanks for asking..=)
Looking forward to seeing you in 2012! Happy New Year!
It's rehearsal time at #24HOP!
u sexC though....
when does your vacation start?
Missing you grandma so much tonight!
If you were still playing, what song would you have played when you came up to bat?
Good New Testament translation is The Interlinear Greek-English New Testament, by George R. Berry, published by Zondervan (G.R., Michigan).
Holy cow! We have 1,200 followers! Thanks, everyone!!
About to go to lunch at with , , and Too bad Grizzly can't come.
Crazy drunk dream. Blackout, lost wallet, missing phone and car M.I.A. All the usual suspects.
numbers dont lie #1 the number that matters #suckit I would prolly eat the puke if it was pastrami on rye, not ur stupid eggs
someone seems to be 'ing some fairly hate-filled spam. very annoying.
I would think mine should be... but I should prolly double check those specs :/
The "Throttle 'Em Threes" are in full effect here. This makes me want a drink. Or a cupcake. Or a lobotomy.
thank you so much for helping me! you're so sweet! thank you =))
God's not sorry... http:/www.thejesuschick.com
Whoops! Itchy trigger finger!
You can tweet at celebrities, and ask questions - sometimes they answer. It happens. Ask Mark Ruffalo for advice
My buddy just went HAMburger real quick
. did our fantasy league give you credit for Drew Brees tackle?
haha(: i met like 5 times! And they were all crazy moments! And im such a loser for forgettin' to tell him to follow me-_-
So while some are heading back to college or high school I get to be lazy till march for my semester
A Billion Hits - Lyric Music Video - Austin & Ally - Disney Channel Official
Gotta love it when your car overheats on the way to a days consulting work and leaves you stranded in the middle of nowhere.....
Okay #WGCI getting it in!!! Wow! Great way to start night
Crocodile Cafe Collection, Feb 27 '03: Black Vinyl All-Stars classic rocking Pink Floyd & other keyboard reliant hits:. Visit us and listen!
I think I may film some sweet moves for you while I am out there ;) btw ... you boys on the Wrigley Bar Crawl tomorrow?
lol the whole jerry thing on the BBC interview. the WHOLE thing was great. but that was shocking, lol ;)
My earlier tweet was in response to my brother's tweet. I am not crazily making random remarks aboout cat food!
Cause after all, you can't get everything you want now, but all I would need is one thing to keep me moving on!
follow back:)
Valentine's Day should be filled with love for your pets, but NEVER share your chocolate. Don't let your #pets be accidentally poisoned! xox
We love that posts about their members who get amazing dance jobs...we should all brag about our students/members successes more often!
Diet Yoo-Hoo. For the health conscious Yoo-Hoo drinker. Alright I'll try one.
But can HE see Russia from his house? RT This guy and I are about to have an in depth conversation about foreign politics.
Sweet last name!
hahha probably a good idea(:
the Thunder NEED Harden. Westbrook ain't creating shit for nobody.
Big hello back at you Shawn! Good here. Starting baseball practices and racing kicks off soon too. Spring here. And you?
Thanks man. I couldn't have done it without you
loving austin.
Was Kate worried something might fall out?
People who don't match
Such a thing did not exist then. And I always had other means of employment.
I am shocked, shocked, shocked that the prosecution didn't get any of the lead convictions.
Ikr ima have to comeback down there and keep up the work in ball
“: traffic collision with possible injuries, fuller and hollywood blvd” agh! I live right there!
CHOKED IT! Tiger would have made it.
Fuck everyone feelings ( No Sympathy ] .
No doubt #mysmps will continue to improve, but for a brand new platform I am impressed. Agreed, improved directory is a must.
RT : RIP Dick Clark. Pyramid was my sh*t back in the day
Your cookies are amazing. I want more.
Kudos Brent Phillips of Knoxville! Last night, he won the new iPad during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Tune in 2night at 7 & 7:30 4 Yr Chance!
It's borderline unhealthy how much of a high I get from buying great clothes on sale.
Update's will be posted here.... official twitter of RareRO!
Ben we can play whenever you want
At the sleepover, each one had a sucker hidden under their pillow. I almost felt bad taking those away.
I have to sell a business ad! Ugh
is at woot!
NS: At Digital Hollywood Fall? If so, ck out Fanscape Pres, Terry Dry's session - Track I: AdvUp-21, APPs-11: Non-Traditional Advertising
A new week to apply biz spirit
nope ... Sum thing you cant still verify of you stating your roster sir .. So we even ...See after my lakers get that ring.
lol idk!!! u tell me. a different color every other nail?
you gotta come out to one of the sparring sessions events.. u in ny right??
yo today i officially signed with the army for the next 8 years.
Thanks 4 all the #FFs today!!
so I think you need to visit the dc office and also cook for me
Obama is slimier than Clinton? Yeah, that's pretty weird.
Channing Tatum <3 RT : That One Actor You Will Forever &amp; Always Be In Love With . &gt;
hm i look like a druggie??? thanks mom
I'd totally make that my ringtone. And maybe even watch a recent version of the movie. Last one I saw had Michael Keaton.
at the galaxy hut. yo.
Eating french toast with my co worker..talking politics....no gossip shit.
I ordered mine yesterday! :) LOVE YOU! Happy Easter! <3
Has Literally Been Moving ALL DAY!!!
long live
This Fri, 5/7, Save The Library Demo @ Hollywood & Highland, 5:30-7:30p! Join us, bring signs, maybe Spider-Man will help us #savelapl?
iv missed you!<3 :)
Nothing ever happens like I want it to..
ok. then what happens if Player B thinks Player A said 'I call' and flips up his hand before Player A has acted.
Anyone been to a tattoo party??
Always a good reminder from you :) xx
ah yes, eutopia, the perf place for me to be my exotic/erotic dancer
And I'll be your cry shoulder.
I'm looking at your caramel cake with cream cheese frosting. It looks delicious! Did you ever figure out a less crumbly middle?
What You Really Need to Know about Moles and Melanoma (A Johns Hopkins Press Health Book)
do u think that ur beauty and smart cuz most girls i know aren't that smart
follow me back maybe ??
I'm not sure if I am feeling tonight's #Glee just yet… :/
yea it's the only time I could study for it haha. Good luck to you too. When are you going home?
RT : A1: I think corps and agencies look for candidates who have agency internship experience
Applied to Mid-America Sound!
Among the artifacts in the case are the only known enlisted man's jacket from Shiloh & a ramrod used to mark a grave after the battle.
Hey im not ugly i like Twitter just like u & i know my wife & kids r important. Just having fun on Twitter like u
Furman Football Recognized for SoCon's Highest Academic Progress Rate. Furman's Rate of 977 is 43 Points Higher than SoCon Average...Yeah!
I haven't had enough stupid on the internet the last two days, so I'd like a large double-double, please.
LOVE the book & talking w/everyone on #educoach but it's the Top Chef finale!!!! I'll return next week for Ch. 4. :-)
Enjoying lunch outside this gorgeous sunny day. Hanging at White Eagle patio. Why is out of doors making me itchy last few days? Scratching!
how about them !!!!!!!! this is what happens when people put a nail in our coffin
you are awesome...
“ I'm a b*tch? You're a bitch. Your mom's a b*tch for having a b*tch, your dad's a b*tch for f**king a b*tch. Now who's the b*tch, b*tch?”
TY. May I ask who is ur favorite?
my auto thing does that Megan, sorry. Following again! Big hugs.
#nowwarming #blackraspberryvanilla Oh my goodness...this is probably my new favorite.
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: now hearing about crowdsourcing stories---fish id, Lady Gaga meat dress, etc.
wish we could be there!!!
#wcmf11 waiting for Mandy Jenkins, the social news editor for the HuffPo
Good times! RT : I'm SO nostalgic watching this game. We had so many good times on the road to the ship back🏆
How do I get as skinny and rich as Emily? Someone please tell me.
Busy weekend on the Pedal Mill! Party starts at 8pm tonight! Woot!
I just learned the hard way why planking is dangerous... but fun and memorable!
Holidays.... oh how I miss my family. Love you !! Hug my family for me!
thanks! sent him an email.
And you thought the Cubs-Sox was stale.
Congratulations to Otis Armstrong of Farragut HS (IL) on making College Football Hall of Fame
hate it when people say thank u more than once for the same thing
Doing what Cuban families do best...cooking a pig. Family reunion at the Ponton residence today.
there were some today but none Sunday that we know of. Good options walk ferry street or try
Night out with > car ride with button and shmink...but not by much ;-)
Lack of snow actually a holiday gift for some metro communities, short on snow removal cash.
hell yeah! We think alike, more the reason to love you! ❤ hahaha
Articles of impeachment have begun circulating, but the media is blacking out all coverage.
“: Eli Manning's #SuperBowl Performance Raises Public Opinion Of Him From "He Sucks" To "He Usually Sucks"” Go team!
Finally finished with grading. This anthropologist has returned to her natural habitat--the vineyard.
I could kick your ass, i could jack your jaw, put you flat in the dirt boy, yeah i'd have a ball
are you using rvm? makes multiple versions of ruby really easy.
Absolutely. What we see is students working together in chosen environments. A pretty nifty benefit of cloud.
will let listeners of the #BFT radio play a 5-handed game of Black Jack for $1,000 a hand. Benefits Cool!
If you let me, here's what I'll do. I'll take care of you. <3
Its always a joy to watch Trey take his shirt off his performance was awesome and chris breezy always puts on a show
Interlink 1.0.3 for CommitCRM is complete and we looking for a couple of clients that would like to test it before general release...
Inspired to be at the Grammy's next year
One of my favorite things about wacky weather is the Al Gore jokes.
Power outage in my dorm the night before three major
Thanks to everyone for making me feel important! is my 200th follower.
:( RT : rip mike star - alice in chains....
Thank you! RT : congrats David!!!!!
Up at 244am to take wife to the transit stop for airport shuttle. She's off to #Spokane today.
Why isn't it summer yet ?
you are so welcome!! Represent us well!
or throwing a hot dog down a hallway.
Me too!
hes not ugly just saying!!!!
Note to self: don't ask about his father. Wow...just wow. Maybe you'll cover that in your book?
Wow seeing all of these loser guys makes me miss you.
FWD: : #MM think it's so awesome how u share #music! thx!
Great day of basketball. Kansas-UNC, Maryland over Notre Dame to go to Women's Final 4, now Heat and Thunder.
For a second I thought you meant they got deported.
New Video's " C Ya Work " & " Work Dat Pole " Coming Soon Directed By
Wall's good and will be great but I can't see him passing CP3 or Deron, his jumpshot is beyond bad for a guard
nonprofit researchers and communicators - how are you measuring readership for your reports, white papers, case studies etc? please share!
uptown girls is on..best movie eva
PR in my 100 (:
Annie from the original F13, but other than that I can't think of any as likable.
He's about the right size for Bill Shatner, too, although he looks a bit younger :}
it is! Did you book it ok?
Lesson 1: Don't send kids up lifts to battle 40 mph winds.
watching Schindler's list seriously can put someone in a depressed mood.
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
Hey guys....guess whos bitchass showed up.
"It's like you're on a glitter cloud.........a gloud..." -- in such a happy place after that class :)
yes, those yell hounds have no respect for speed limits RT : Police with speed cameras on Herne Hill this evening. AT LAST
Guys... You're giving Caylin a headache
Good at the office while my coworkers and are out enjoying the game.
Hey !! Will you be in the Bahamas???
wishing you luck!
once u go forward u cant go bac
Good morning tweethearts
Yay for the hook up at Starbucks
a pudding store? Wow. I want to own one of those. All the pudding I want.
Perkins is always trying to fight someone. I think its because deep down he knows he is a true bum.
I can't wait!! I don't have patience!!
I've got a backlog of three Hart of Dixie episodes to catch up on. No spoilers!
havent thought about that before! i'd like to see it in action. theres definitely fallbacks for that (max-width for img under canvas)
One of the hardest working artists I know is glad it payed off, have fun
At TGIF Bout To Meet Up With The Crew
is cooking dinner with a little help from Kings of Leon.
Hell no bitch dont tell me to shut up!
I'm thinking it's a steak and potatoes kind of night :)
Aubrey O'Day fired from The Celebrity Apprentice for being inexperienced? At least she's experienced in getting the pink slip...
I just followed you because we had similar interests.
1st soccer game since like October tomorrow...should be interesting
Breaking Bad - Third Season
My problems is my problems......so just let me deal with it
RT : If you're not working on trying to be mine, then you shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my spare time.
My account was hacked...apologies if you received a spam message. Hopefully have fixed
Google: We’re fine with keeping you waiting for slow Android updates
finally back in Pittsburgh 😏
Related, I made enchiladas, and they were delicious.
Kemba Walker is going to rock the house tonight!!!! GO UCONN!!!
#tavissmiley & these hating mofos on the round table of "This Week" are some straight haters.
Casting Crowns kinda day
awww! Your so sweet! I love your personality!
Thanks for the RT! How do you feel about FB acquiring Instagram?
: The Browns already did that.
PLEASE TWEET ME! You guys inspire me. I really want to be a singer/songwriter when I grow up... Or now.
It would have to be a band I photographed. Maybe someday.
: “The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.” Emile Zola"
We are now moving to questions from the audience.
no problem
We will be having another giveaway during this year's Comic Con for a stay in 2013..stay tuned for details!
Create a "show box" with handy items like a stapler, tape, scissors, pens, paper, extension cords, and extra light bulbs. An emergency kit!
if only you were funny
just look at me. look at me! i am so in love and such a fool. i cannot help it tho, when i am with you.
Maybe Prezi works for Muse awards ; ). Cool!
You have been warned!
Rihanna Sends Adele a Racy Birthday Cake Shaped Like a Woman's Breasts
I can't believe that Cam Newton didn't get drafted number 1 this year.
We've been visited by our friends at A twice this week (battery issues). Money well spent!
Happy birthdayy!! and =]
Could you tell me when the WKU spring game is this year? I may swing by to check it out
RT : I did! Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
I got some, you want me bring it?
From the NRF " The average person will spend $66 on Halloween this year – similar to 2008 – and total holiday spending will reach nearly $6…
Yes, shhhhh. Stop using big words that Jamie doesn't understand. Like "credit" and "full."
Enormities of crime and anomalies of law
will never notice me but I send him my Love (: <3
#StupidStereotypes All marijuana smokers are lazy and stupid. If you believe that, you were already lazy and stupid before you smoked weed.
To be honest I don't care who wins ABDC, all the crews are amazing. They're so creative and amazing dancers.
. there are still spots left on Mon. at and Tues. at for the next season of ! Sign up!
I haven't been on here in a cool while!
Once dat snake poke his head up u gotta cut da grass... Next time he might take a bite out yo ass!!
Leave us a facebook comment or tweet us if you are using your Jacket Backers discount to save cash or
mr. ed i was your first fan in california i'm sure of it...now would you like to tell me when you will visit me ?
If you kee getting DMs from me saying something about a pic or blog its spam!! SORRY. If you do get more DMs from me tweet me plz!!!
Hey there - thanks for the follow!
Yep, yep
haha that's always good thing! no I know where my blonde moments come from..
yeah buddy. Let's do it! :D
you only live once
C'monnn payday
California Living! all about the 3 W's
R/T this if you know that I am the Founder/CEO of Entertainment! R/T if you didn't know it :)
will be taking paying passengers to Mach 3.5 #howcoolisthat?!
NEVER SAY NEVER AND YOUR DREAMS WILL COME TRUE IM NOT SAYING NEVER AND IM DREAMING SO U'LL
My son is a redneck. Right before he does anything crazy he says " hey, watch this". I see a roof and a hospital visit in his future.
We're excited for ’s segment tomorrow morning on ! Tune in early to learn about their popular #sushi making classes!
writing a paper on organic Fiji honey exported to Europe to be in used in cosmetic companys' products.
Everyone on Twitter should follow His new novel, The World Without You, sounds divine.
sounds like he could use one to keep in the data center. It's cold down there.
Yo momma! Oh, wait.
I just cracked my screen...
Helping out with a little food photography
greatest tweet ever!!!
Like I said...proud mom ;)
Bored but awake wats up bitches hum
yes i am currently watching it
bored! Can someone give me a Woof?
is the airline providing any kind of creature comforts for you, or is that just silly for me to ask?
I can't believe there both growing up so fast! That's so crazy lol!I hope u have a fun day w her Khloe:)
The tribe has officially reached 5000. You all mean the world to us!!:)
Hey Joey. Saw Jennifer during the game. Wish I would have made the trip. Go Cats!
If you cheat on a good girl/guy you actually cheated yourself.. You messed my boi up
at least it isnt kindergarten
“: I'm having withdrawal symptoms from being away from you for so long” I know! Tomorrow finally <3 :-*
Looking Foward to it RT In France also, but the plane is expensive ! We have to save little before lol
what you got?
hey everyone,sorry i havent been on. unpacking n shit! well im all settled in now ;)
Hey, Can you get me Tickets to the moon?
ah good luck!! ill be cheering you on all the way from Kansas City!! lol Woo Woo go madison!
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?'
Back from the best happy hour in Seattle
:O if it is cancelled, then my summer will be lame as always!! :(
And Honduras takes the lead again! 2-1 vs El Salvador here at
But you didn't have to cut me off-make out like it never happened-and we were nothing-but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough
RNC Chair Reince Priebus: WI can choose to go in the wrong direction with Tom Barrett or the right direction with Scott Walker.
#MiLB: Rehabbing #RedSox pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka is tenatively scheduled to make a start for the #PawSox on Monday night at McCoy Stadium.
In a quick PR move: Univ. of #Miami to rename football stadium "Sun Pro-Life Stadium."
hoping i can join as a professional helping to organize charity events!
Great country music
Outside just verbally commanded my attention. What does it want?
Black women don't know what they want
What's up Karen! Its been years.
RT.if you had only one thing to eat what would it be ?
*buying stuff at the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these?" :) … Me: "NO, I'm stealing them, I just wanted to show you first"
Hard Rock New Orleans Monthly Guitar Contest Prelims 8-27-2011. $3000 cash prizes www.AxeOffUSA.com
Get your Waylon tonight for free!
I'd walk through fire for you walk through barbwire for you I'd walk for miles it's true just to be with youu " Band Perry
welcome back! If you find some downtime and looking for a new jam. Check out our demo "Carnival" on facebook!
