my first rise and design here with
Western! 1970 & your Pops was there! The Stridels went to Eastern. Think we paid them $200 Yep, small world. Peace...
Miss you guys so so so much but its school :/ bet none missed me!! :(
Which light is potentially more damaging to texiles -- winter or summer? Conservator Nancie Ravenel elucidates on the SM blog....
my favorite boots and metal rings :D
Just cast my votes in the ALA election! Have you voted yet? You have 'til the end of next week!
Ya Hoo Grammy and I are so excited!!
Really excellent stuff. Glad no one was injured in the fire either. Makes the photo that much easier to love!
(:. Im al smiles
Kentucky hip-hop artist helps rebuild state with music | Rolling Out - Black News, Celebrity Videos, Entertainment,
Thanks! RT : Best rental building in sloop? without a doubt. Yes they just gave me free movie tix, but did u know they...
How exciting!!! We are looking forward to making your special day one to remember!
this pic of u is beautiful ;)
sorry I'm a little fucked up but chill there r some good cats out there!
Arturo Gotti, Steve McNair. Don't sleep, fellas. It's now safer to stay out at the bar than to get some shuteye at home. Test Fest safe too.
hell yea anything 4 the low
RT“ Baby Daddy, baby daddy, baby daddy I'm tired of you 😞”
xmas cards in the mail and trying new burger place Elevation Burger - little breaks or milestones like these help keep me sane
what gets stains out of gum
I really don't wanna do my math I'm in such a bad mood
I love moments like this
Some say your 40th provides the foundation for transformation. We'll see about that soon!
No You Was Suppose To Call Me.
Doing "Control and Security of Web Applications" at ISACA CACS. Not bad for audit focused workshop but I'm kinda bored. #SEC642 WRU?
“Qui ne risque rien n'a rien.” – She who risks nothing receives nothing.
All of your Nicki tweets, made all Lil Kim fans unfollow you. Haha.
I pinned this bad boy on Pinterest and have about 20 random repins. Bitches love punch.
Six photo cutouts and a tab chart, and I'm ready to call it a night.
yes! We will hang soon!(: maybe tomorrow!
I am profoundly saddened by Junior Seau's death. He was a great player and to hear his teamates talk about him , a better person. RIP..
Yep! Didn't have the budget to hire a professional ;)
you guys, told me he was going to create a #shitbreasays folder on his desktop. Told him it should be
Today is World's Alzheimer's Day!
Addwire Web Hosting Solutions Partners with WebHostingLocker.Com
'This is the day that most Libyans have been waiting for', says NPR's Lourdes Garcia Navarro on Talk of The Nation
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Has everyone seen our homepage? We have updated it with pictures and videos from National Lab Day! www.nationallabday.org
Did everyone get to see it? What did you think?
If & buts, that's all you have. Gonzo will never be a top 10 WR, under any circumstances.
Battersea: coolest idea for a stadium in the history of football. Better even than using it in "Richard I."
That ain't news Son!
In the meantime I'm having an extended conversation about #GooglePlus -- over on FB. Oh the irony...
Just went to #Chizakaya. I'm so full and it was delicious. Love takiyaki and pig ears as usual. Thank you !
thanks for the #FF today! Happy New Years...here's to a great 2012.
Hahaha Make up your mind!! I'm hoping i survive...
RT : Party so hard standards board wanna fine me, but first they gotta find me.
's beard is getting MASSIVE!!
thanks you too
I'm in the mood for fightin and no i wont fight you
I GOT 2 FIND ME ANOTHER JOB B4 I HURT SUM BODY~
Happy Thanksgiving from WPA! Please note that our offices will be closed Thursday and Friday. What are you thankful for this year?
I feel guilty about nothing... but I do love SORORITY BABES IN THE SLIMEBALL BOWL-O-RAMA so much I'm getting a tattoo of it.
I was buying gas at a BP in Madison, WI. I was the only one pumping and the clerk lowered the price while I was pumping.
'' Goodnight babe :)
Gotta do it big if you wanna make it somewhere in this world!
I really like the field of #GOP candidates for #POTUS since I support
My dear friend, you need to check this thing... combined with this
all day today and tomorrow
does that mean unmentionables??? Hee hee
And my ring
No problem!
Oops. So Busted :-/
How are you feeling, by the way?
#GLEE YOU FUCKING SUCK! IF SHE'S DEAD I'MA GO GLEE CRAZY!!! >:(
WHERE ARE YOU
When you decide to argue with a fool all of a sudden there are two fools in the room instead of one.
“ Never let a relationship bring stress into your life. The moment it does is the moment you should depart..”
That's right. & how the biggest threat to bullies like Hoover is confudent people who believe in themselves.
All Miss Jessie's products BOGO free Somebody talk me back from the ledge!
RT : Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped.
#MarchMadness Party the night away inside Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Al.most.there.
#CNNdebate #ricksantorum is just plain #unaware! Period!
wow. XD dude, that is strong. go take a nap.
We have our Nail Tech in today!! Call and book your mani/pedi! ^____^
As a band that plays music and stuff we condemn all efforts to force children to kill their parents and mutilate peoples' faces.
Turns out I'm a lot more productive when the Red Sox have an off day... and fewer of my possessions get broken/thrown.
Today is our 4th birthday! Here's to 4 great years of #coworking in #Seattle, and many more years to come!
Yes :D
Mrs Jee's Daughter Was So Adorable!
Black Friday Deal! Dine with us today & get $10 off a $25 Los Equipales Gift Certificate & $20 off a $50 GC. Happy Holidays!
Ironically, I was just trying to look up some Aristotle.
Loved how he and Barney would have their little spats.
So when he pitches should we call them the "Rockers?" MT At 49 Rockies' Moyer oldest pitcher to win game in ML history
hey I dont understand y u haven't order ur shirt, go to the stores, or drop by my place....dang so many options. Lol.
I don't know about beyonce being the worlds most beautiful women...I see chicks in the streets that are way better looking then her.
How's everyone?
Happy 4th of July to all of our #acting #talent, #actor & #actresses, and #casting #directors. Have a happy and safe holiday.
“: it shows up on their TL, as well as anyone that follows both of you” Kwan rules!
it is, I've only ever used it to download another browser haha.
I suppose I should continue my paper elsewhere since Caribou is closing. Off to the library until that closes at midnight.
I ALMOST DIED
ew balls are gross sacks that are just there.
We used Lotto Sorcery to play 16 picks ($8) in the midday Texas Pick 3 game and won $40. Analysis Lotto won $100 for us last night in PB.
Herbert Hoover~ About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
$99 -- SF: Top-Rated Hotel through March - BW Tuscan Inn - Best Hotel on the Wharf for 8 years (Frommer's) Rate Code: TravelZoo
Who? The ex?
Sometimes its art. Sometimes its just rain falling on a roof for 30 minutes.
I still want to post 30 new videos by my 30th birthday on May 30th. I'll be answering viewer questions!
The new Lunch Menu is almost finished. There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Did you take a photo? can you see it?
Tomorrow Sat 04/23 on Sahara from 10am-4pm for Keeping Kids Safe Day!! McGruff, Cosmo from the 51's, bouncy houses and more!!
lol what did that island rat do now? lol
Excited for our first purchase with . 1010 HQ is gonna get right.
Same to you
Not sure that lasts, if he plays it straight. Most fans know NOTHING about him besides a few cocky incidents.
buccos are on tv down here
that's a cute rodent-thing-whatever-it-is!
Go Green with E-learning. Reduce Travel.
eating crunchy peanut butter and granny smiths before sleep
For the first time since John Elway was the quarterback in Denver, opposing teams view playing the Broncos’ quarterback as playing the best.
lol me neither, I found out that some old guy died in my house before I moved in...I haven't been the same since lol
I know so(: I've been waiting years to see you play.
cannot wait! Capitol Hill, correct?
Watching the season finale of #9O21O. It sux austin is back bur I can't wait to see what naomi does at the wedding:)
nothing, love bug. MERRRP!
I heard so much of this conversation at BOOST. -"its going to grow Y not add water?"
4- I have a bright yellow bike that my neighbors are jealous of. thats why they honk at me, not cause im riding in the street ;)
Christ. Recording comedy performances, The Beatles...you just ruin everything!
So when does christmas break start?
no problem. If I can ever help let me know.FYI- From time to time I post specials just for our Twitter & Facebook friends
haha I guess well have to find out huh
i want to makeout right now.
Texas State cancels Multicultural Graduation Ceremony because of the swine flu!!! I can't believe this trash!
goodmorning beautiful :) hope u have a good day
Anybody can praise God with a job, money in the bank or when your family is healthy. Can you praise God when your life is turn upside down?
You're Making Me High -
yeah, how could someone not like them?! <3
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 54
just change the day from yesterday tweet... lather, rinse, repeat.
Gonna watch some old episodes on Martin...
I'm gonna get mono aren't it
NOT YOU lol
Your sorry ? You think I care , lol go eat leafs .
RT When Reggie gets high & mighty about "playoff basketball", it sounds like he's explaining the gender dynamics of prison sex.
#ThingsWeAllHate commercials on Pandora.
y not
thanks a lot -_-
just get on twitter!
Ha. Close, but no. is here. He's the Grammy nom-ed cellist. We think that's even better. :)
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Lao Tzu
On it, thanks for the reminder!
THIS GIRL IS AN IDIOT. worse than our school stupidity!
"The status quo is broken and I'm here to change that status quo."
can u follow us please
Glad he is back!!
your welcome - hope you come out for our Panel Discussion focusing on THE GREAT PICTURE this weekend
I wander wat doing?
Tutoring ESL in Boston! It's official. Moving forward, moving on. There's no time like the present.
Getting ready to read at Christensen Elementary for Nevada reading week. Their librarian Diane Utterback does an incredible job every year.
hi. you have no idea who I am, but I tweet you everyday&am you biggest fan. My names Mackenzie(: just putting that out there
etc. It's gonna be in the paper and it's prolly done.
Putting forth 110% today
That's why I fly, i think i'll take the REDEYE!!!!
It's steep, but if it leads to less carrier influence on the Android experience, I think it's a good thing.
how did u like it?
Aargh. What's with this having to go get a physical copy of a journal article? They're still printing these things?
RT : (Let's) start it, & The rumor is that the world is wonderful! Opportunities are everywhere! Life is so good! Pass it on!
Ty!!! RT : Happy Mothers Day. May you have a joyous day.
ima tell my mom to give me the 100 bucks and spend it at fairfax
if kitai calls he wins tourny
So grateful for the sweet gifts that have come to me today..... :-)
: can I text you my order for an awesome sando?
Blake can shut it! Dia is a sweet girl & has a nice voice but ain't nothing compared to ! #TeamXtina!!!
It has been a long day, time for some rest.
Wear makeup? I advise washing ur face in 2steps. 1st w/ a cleanser that breaks down makeup 2nd w/ a cleanser thats soothing & rejuvenatng:)
you expect me to study for the ap test in 11 days yet you assign a shitload of homework?
Mile End! Just got back from Montreal and need to re-poutine ma vie. :)
girl my phone been dead since yesterday I been using my other phone
Waiting for anouncement is about to drive me crazy!!!!!
I don't see many people buying Woodmans in Oak Creek. The meat looks like it might be packed someplace else.
You just got rejected,bitch.
its okay! & aw, alright :p
Favorite line: "We didn’t try stuff that didn’t work. Everything we did, we put out."
U people In Sweden like hockey right
Good Friday Morning! Anyone else heading to #CFALeadercast? I'm looking forward to hearing from the world's best leaders cc:
Gettin' hollered at in my yellow boots
girl it was too good, like too freaking good! and the finale looks even better! watch it
Hey! Ill tweet them! Give me a sec! And btw, its krista from
Stay busy baby xx
Working on some client SEO initiatives while sipping a pumpkin spice Latte Le'Starbucks. Getting it going early!
Summer movie preview 2012
Don't forget the booze. Don Draper would have had 2+ whiskeys by now.
Recent studies show your resume gets about 6 seconds before the recruiter decides if they will consider you for the position.
Look out! This week's gonna blow up.
would've done a lot better if there werent 800 asshole kids zooming by me like they're some kinda clause giroux
How can anyone be annoyed with him? & out going is a good thing! Haha, & omg, me too, anyday <3
let me know if I can be of assistance, happy to help.
It doesn't look much like that in Milwaukee...wave good bye to the palm trees! We're glad to have you in the booth, though.
If Peyton Manning retires, he could have a great future in PR the way he's running this press conference.
I like putting my own little flavor on the music I play. Keeps the same feel, just a little touch-o-kraich.
Bored af in the dentist office...text me! :) --workout4me--
We don't play till 10:40 so you beautiful people still have time to come hear the rock lords gospel. 1130 Buenos ave 92110.
You couldn't take football away from me, you couldn't take #acting away from me
I may be the only one but I don't care about the NFL draft one bit.
"I'm from TX, and this Hotel is.........". It will get better....oh wait, you fly American....never mind!
Minor sounds pretty damn good.
lucky man, love lala land but stuck here for now, might visit la soon may be I'll run into you mate!
What’s your sine? The sine^(-1) of you must be pi/2 cause you’re the one
I am always hungry!!
Bringing a tear to my eye
Cardio always turns into a dance session on the treadmill...
hey I need to ask you something! Direct message me!
Is Apple Finally Releasing an iPhone Nano?
So their is this boy and he's completely amazing i think I may be falling for him.
Yes What's ur vision for space RT : A1 what will the space be used for; how often
The floor at vernon is creaking & the steps let u know where everyone is. Lit from the above cupola, the light eeks into the corners
FDR built the middle class in 100 days from a wheelchair. Why are we holding it together with scotch tape and bailing wire laying down?
PPS--Have dinner at Fish La Boissonerie in San Germain de Pres! Make a rez...so good
#nowplaying Arcade Fire
Yum! RT : We do : ) RT : Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
MICA has an architecture program?
We not leavin now , fuck you gettin ready for O.O
Thanks! RT Wonderful! I signed up for the newsletter and am happy to help spread the word when the time comes.
Oh that's a good one! RT : it takes a lot of cash to go FAZZT-become a sponsor today!
love you too.<3
Watching 90210. Kelly just said, "Well I'm afraid we aren't Eskimos...or are we?"
New WWE Tag Team Champions! & ! with Lil Jimmy as manager! I love this! I love this!
Fair Park tonight! Test driving a KIA for a commercial? We'll see what happens!
Great #diversity day at our HS -- I'm especially proud of student organizers and leaders!
Over the last four years on the Internet only Jennifer Aniston has been rumored to get together and break up with more men than the Yotes.
It's all very cool. Really awesome that you wear all the hats!
Seriously. One of the best performances I've seen in a while.Tyler is fucking insane. I might have a small crush on him.
Won't lie...i'd appreciate this movie using modern english instead of Renaissance english!
Our lives are like quilts, bits and pieces, joy and sorrow, stitched with love.
Congrats on the new Facebook page!
appreciate it bro hell yeah them hoes go live
and Beavis and Butthead their adopted high school-dropout kids.
I have cold feet. But no really. My feet, they're cold! -
#Avengers movie. We must have a sequel!
WARNING: Caffeine not at Therapeutic levels, tolerance for stupid people low, approach at own risk. You have been warned.
Rage practice starts outdoors this Tuesday. Go to WWW.leaguelineup.com/southmilwaukeerage for more info
Today is the day for married men to give our wives options if they want to work or not! Let's take back the family and put it back in order!
There are multiple articles in today's that would be amusing were it not for the fact people were hurt, or killed.
: "it's not whats the return on investment in social media, its what's the COST of ignoring" via
#PeopleLikeUs like to blame others instead of taking the blame for themselves
My parents are downstairs watching old videos of me in college. I really can't face 1988 college me today. It makes me feel like a loser
i like the raptors over yall
gosh darn it, tumblr!
You missed my tweet. I found a job.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks - H6 - Starbucks (live updates)
Grant you're awesome! Thanks for all the amazing times! Love ya
I swear I'm going to have a shirt made that's says "don't approach me if..." and a long ass list of things I can't stand!
No joke when family members are ill & they need your help. I need some herbal tea. Stat!
1 more follower and I take the top Ferris Bueller spot. One of the worst performances of my career, and they never doubted it for a second!
Every semester I'm at UCB, I need my university employer to also pay the university the cost of graduate tuition.
Haha, good, it's justified! Not sure if they're my #1 yet, but they've been my #2 since the RFK days. Nothing but up now!
Official Star Trek TOS - AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD Oct. 1968
So bored don't know what to do :(
can you make contact with my router? I want to be sure it's not a wire issue.
Huh! I was the opposite. I'd hole up at a table or quiet room w/ my ibook, or I would read journals to kill time between classes.
Dang . This year is going by SO fast !
my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all. YAYYYYY!!!!!!!
#ChrisBrownPickupLines Oh baby I'm the best lip-syncher you'll ever meet
"Tear this ship apart until you've found those tests!" -- Vader misplaces his package from Pearson.
Show em how it's done David West!!!
Yeah thats true, my gramny use to say only you know when its time to walk away
It's easy to see that you are smarter....especially with that contemplative look in the profile pic..lol
performing at TONIGHT at 8pm with Use code RADICAL for 2 for 1 tix!
Goonies! this is going to be good. Lol
#wecanbefriendsif you have a car
I'm Cutting This Shit Off Friday !! This Hair Gots Ta' Go !
"Equity doesn't mean providing the same things to all students... It's important to invest equitably." -Georgette Bhatena, JP Morgan Chase
Good morning!
i do!! Lets work together on this :)
Well CH retweeted me. My bday has been made. Thank you! #starCHasers ! !
yeah feli, sounds good let me know when you can :))
oh whatever :p
Had a good time at my cousin's house, eating, drinking & laughin with the fam =)
Over the course of a single week, I was in Phoenix, DC, Boston, the Bahamas, and Orlando. Nice to be home for a change.
should be time stamped if you want to skip. No plot talk, but themes are mentioned.
OK. we are rebrandin everything. Extendedcare Professional (ECP) is now ExtendedService Professional (ESP). no more confusion with them
How many get eliminated this week? 1 or 2?
I can't believe I'm seeing you Tuesday. No, like I really don't even feel like this is happening.
does Michael love his mom or his wife more?
what do blondes and turtles have in common? If ya get em' on their backs there.... F#)ked
Thank you so much! Hope you had a great day!
I want to be a stay at home mom but without the kids.
"make it fun, kind of like sesame street" when teaching library skills Amy Springer
went to buffalo beer/wine festival for free, saw the vow, sleeping in, powder keg/ sabres game tmrw. best weekend ever.weMeganRobertson1we
Thank you all my friend from myspace and facebook for dropping by! by text, phone just to wish me a happy birthday:) I love you guys:)
depressing, what happened to it?
I'm dead
yeah. Jerk.
Thank you for having Jack White's #Blunderbuss. My ears and wallet approve :)
Why do YOU think this night is different from all the other nights?
Do you have any good Pet jokes? Dog Stories? Cat funnies? let us know and we may RT you!
such a long day! glad to be home.. (:
We haven't any plans. I'll DM you my phone so you can text or call me. In case I'm not on the twitter.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
sip sip(:
Thank you for the mention!
you are so pretty and talented!!! :) please follow me? Thanks! :)
How much discretion to use; that is the question
Shieet we got more than a month and you already know what to get!
Why do I care so much when I know I shouldnt
New Yorker article says artists have 7 seconds to hook someone on a song. How long for reading--do you buy based on Amazon sample chapters?
I want to be more tan. :(
Watching videos of heavy D
I wanna trade Tim Duncan. Anyone?
So happy 2 have my #Days fam at this time cuz my grandfather just passed away!! XOXO
Just watching a movie now!
Having temporarily left DH world for a traditional panel, finding it weird that none of the panelists seem to be on Twitter.
what's wrong with dude? Why he so mad all the time?
Up late updating the blog. New post will up in the morning. Sleep tight everyone.
Just paid my AT&T bill and they took that money out with the quickness
good to know :)
Looking forward to the weekend in SF.......some R&R is required.
“: Dude. North Carolina. Wrong side of history.”
so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient.
its polka dot cheater
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face.
I hate having to pee when wearing a bodysuit
Invented the Design Lab - places where you can do arts and sciences together
That's clutch. All credit.
comparing your first job and the rest of your career to mr. right now vs mr. right: great advice from
Sad that a project tanked today, but glad that it is finally over. It turned into too much of a heartache. RIP CTE
Carn the mighty Hawks! Love our family footy night <3
Thanks for the delicious cookies someone just dropped off in our office :)
- Nine rounds or nine holes? There's a HUGE difference...
I remember when and would talk to me):
...Why you got to be SO fine?!
No oil on Texas beaches, but not many birds or nesting sea turtles either.
RT# IF YOU LOVE MUSIC.! [:
Happy Birthday one of my best friends, doing her thing in grad school & I'm so proud of her! Enjoy your day boo!
Good Morning!
its ok
im going #commando tonight.. cause i #procrastinate with doing #laundry -_-
Chilled and relaxed! Feeling great! Hit me up!:) Hope all is well!
why she did me like that?
I would basically look like an asshole if you found out i liked him... Hahahaha
I know xP
I really want to watch Romeo + Juliet
pretty great weekend(:
“: She's a bobble head” where where? Lol
Amazing :) ": Omg! R u serious?? My minis got a 1st in category, platinum and 1st overall?! HELL FUCKING YEA!!!!!!!"
#inmiddleschool I said no to drugs, #inhighschool drugs said no to me
Got a sub in third guess I'm not doing shit today
thanks for ruining my day.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Practicing, working on new song, teaching lessons.
I tried to make it as inoffensive as possible. But it's a corn dog. It's kind of offensive by nature.
I often Google just to spell check words. I'd love to see Google's consumer profile on me. "He's really into 'beauocracy' and 'bannanas'."
That's cool -- pack fan . . . non pack fan . . . all are welcome!
Money don't move without action.
#dhtrial heard what seemed like chuckling from chambers. Otherwise very quiet.
Sell them what they want, but give them what they need. -Bedros Keuilian
Gotta get my bball game going. Simply ain't playing up to par right now!!
I'm declaring myself the Kevin Garnett in his prime of the kitchen. Test me if you think I'm lying. (I'm a touch more polite, maybe)
Writing during a realtor open house is impossible.
"Those hot, salt-scoured afternoons when the shore curved away in its long glistening arc toward the distant bluffs." Caleb's Crossing
Got to Newark 3 hours early for our flight only to find out our flight has a 3 hour delay. Please call us for standby!
Okay Twitterverse, who all is going to ?
Patiently waiting ....
Amazing true fact: IE7 renders HTML tables more correctly than IE8 or IE9. Who knew?
Awesome! >> : I bookmarked the site. Thank you.
whoa where?
Lol I was supposed to but I don't know why I didn't 😱
Check me out tonight on Showbiz Tonight @ 11pm ET on CNN.....
How many Seymours does your 5-year-old know?
haha I know right :) I'm half mexican half dominican :3 But I live in California & You... :]
RT : A candidate who wins the state he was born in by 3 points is unstoppable.
Sunday= mother/daughter juicing day, farmers market, making 10 gallons of herb tea day. I'm doing the paleo cleanse with her for support.
Now I see why you skipped your workout!
Saturday shout outs to and love you
And it's over...#endofanera? Err...or just a stadium. Gimme some luxury boxes.
Weird... Back in my hometown for the night.. Very very strange.
Is it me you're looking for?
Bless your soul, you really think you're in control.
check out White Rabbits at the MOOG FACTORY playing songs from It's Frightening on Moogs! www.liveatmoog.com
Thought determins ur destiny so think wisely..
Jack, thanks much for the RT. Here's to niche marketing!
I try to do my homework, but I easily get distracted, and then something like tapping my pencil against the desk becomes so interesting
u dont tweet
You're welcome Geane!
besides the early start, the first game I was the Vikings and was the saints... It was fair
okay! lol I've heard that one plenty of times.
The Lower North Fork Fire is now 45% Contained per
The Chaos Agent coming up in just a minute, tune in!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
I'm not saying anything about Claiborne's skill. Just his attitude. I'm no Wonderlic fan, but how can you just blow it off?
Scratch that. suggested #stoptheraid. We're going with it.
Thank you for the follow!
probably because it's an awesome album...
On new years my goal is to get 100 followers PLEASE help me achieve that goal I'll follow u in return
Thanks for liking my page Madeline! :-)
it's just too bad you can't play them 3 or 4 times each... playing each is like a bye week!
I need new black heel
haha it was good seeing you! :)
"...that was in the Hersey's Kiss ass?" nice :)
“: Adding "and shit" to make the sentence sound cooler and shit.”
suggestion for getting out of the #thatcamproadtrip involves driving quickly over a cliff face. May revisit plan later.
stalker!! Whats the number for 911???
Happy New Year to all our Twitter friends!
Been at the airport forever ugh
i have it uploaded to youtube!
This morning I'll be serving up some microwaved year-old bananas'n'creme Quaker oatmeal realness with a side of anxiety
Do I see you in the crowd at the President's press event?
his numbers are actually really good.
#ADCDebate Alexandria has a $600m budget/year
"Excuse me sir, could you point me in the direction of the "hood"?" -Mr. DMX
love the WMD jab on your site.
N btw your hair looks awesome!
yes, it's the first of many Nat'l Pie Days!
Just heard on the radio for the first time. I hope his music doesn't change because of this. Congrats tho
#WhatIf I was irish
should just write his players checks to
I'll be there!
I wonder how Kate Middleton is celebrating National Princess Week...
Chemistry is seriously my favorite class this year, I could be here all day and still be content!
until now I wasn't.
Would be great, count me in!
Me too!
Lin's kicks were hot tonight in the Futures Game
Host your next event at Clear Port Boutiques. For more information inbox Marcel
SHUT UP! RT Refusing to believe this >>>> " It's snowing in New Berlin"
The successful always have a # of projects planned to which he looks forward. Anyone of them could change the course of his life overnight.
"The answer to that is in my book." Radio/TV show hosts hate it when authors answer that way. Instead give 3 solutions.
Sounds like a blast! hahaha xD
GOODBYE FAMOUS PPL **clicking** [UNFOLLOW] except if followed(me)!! lol =O
Drive thy business, or it will drive thee (same goes for life).
#youcantdateme if you are selfish and boring too
malbec in the house
Have you noticed that the most serious people have the most ticklish feet? God's way of forcing these people to laugh, perhaps.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. - Peale
Thanks Lorri..great seeing you. RT : #ce2012 is knocking it out of the park #sales #marketing presentation
Who do you have winning the #PGAChamp? We want to know!
Is anyone going to Miranda Lambert & Chris Young tomorrow night?
Best of luck to all students taking finals and to our graduating seniors; we'll miss you!!!
Don't forget to tweet about today!
Do you like cupcakes? So do we! Come to our Family Event on May 6 and grab one from So proud to have them as a sponsor!
Happy Mothers Day everyone
Its Friday! The weekend is setting in, but work is ever present. The balance...
Does the Pack have a chance to keep Cullen Jenkins n James Jones?
i start on the 13th. i'll be up on the 12th. when can we get up? i need a NYC vet to show me the ropes.
follow another twitter acct. As long as your not powerding that nose I might follow you
Up. Way to early :l
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing!
I'm still up... lol
New Clues to Preeclampsia - Wall Street Journal
This Thursday 9/15/11. Best Thursday Night in Lincoln Park Returns with amazing new specials and a new location!! Dont miss it
Cops pulls me over, "license & registartion?" i say no he gives me a ticket i go scissors beats paper #bestprankever. haha!
this could be the coolest PHOTO ever!!!!!!!
Have a super relaxing day! Don't forget the sunscreen!
HELLO RATCHET
Swear it was g.. RT : #NF yesterday was crazy my nigga
going place cuzz
Watching boomerang the best mac movie of all time
sounds like an excellent tentative plan to me...
Random morning #shoutout to (:
IGHTT LETS GO CLIPS
No. Haha. He probably will though.
Thursday morning, listening to Lou Reed's "TRANSFORMER", thinking my coffee needs a shot of whisky. Or heroin.
Yes please! Mike and the girls night!
heck ya we are;)
hopefully my "cute outfit" vision will work out tomorrow (: but goodnight. xx <3
what's your favorite wrestlemania match you've been a part of?
you are amazing (:
“: Finding answers in God isn't one way, it's the only way.”
you just blew my mind RT : Exactly. Rachet used to be a rabbi. Oh and Decepticons are Catholic, by the way.
::like I said what is it to you johnny boy?!
tell mama Tama I said happy mommy's day!
The showcase in Apartment 218 has started. Live acoustic performance from Free water and NYC bagels while they last.
Right! Forgot about that. Hope he does. Interesting guy- met him at Pacific Conf annual meeting few years back.
Wha ya'll no about dat chinese ref wit ketchup stains all ova his beada
yes, good
Salmon with wine pairings. Darren is going all out for Thurs. lunch tasting. Join usas taster -apply at www.TasteTweet.com
#Consultant Search Processed: General #Contractor - Parking Lot #ADA Compliance - Northern #CA (Contact re: Contractor)
No its, the opposite
I dint care it didn't hurt but I guess he felt bad so he gave me a hug
Good Morning to all my hoes out there in da world lts remember to keep up da good work and plz rmember to bring yur own knee pads
oh, what's up, Texas!?
aha ask him for a follow he would u have alot more followers than him
you'll have to let me know how the mullet is. Was going this afternoon but thought they weren't 100% ready yet.
Register for Beer-Con if you haven’t already... it’s how angels get their wings.
Done being sad. Focusing on me now.
TBone remains consistently Top Monitored, & Sundays 4* WIN only helps! Tonight, TBone has a MLB 4* for you and Him to cash with! BPOSport
starting with the 9th Doctor today. super excited.
hey stranger! How u been homie?
Sleep tonight, at dawn parade.
I still have roughly 7 hours to procrastinate for midterms...what to do, what to do...
I'll have to check "The Seamstress". Ghosts has been my favorite so far.
Follow us and you cud win a free party bus, complimentary drinks and the full VIP treatment. Already following? RT and you cud b selected 2
4 yr old tells me I'm cheating while playing car racing video games bc I'm I'm the lead haha love it
Like seriously its so annoying
Kick is good and now its Patriots 7- Broncos 6.
Don't miss Here to Serve's 1st bachelor/ bachelorette auction Tuesday, April 17th to benefit 4 Atlanta based charities!
Nice to see that rental rates have dipped since the last time I hunted for a place to live in LA.
Gr8! RT : Hey ! My birthday is coming! we'll be there & wait till the end of days if necess., can't wait!
You build emotional connections on different platforms with brands because you get a glimpse of their personality - of
I've got "Walk Like an Egyptian Stuck" in my head! Damn internet jukebox!
what?! where did you get said falsies?! RT just bought 20 fake eyelashes for $4 including shipping!
You Need Your Own Show!!! "Like Explaining How Much Sodium Is In Soy-Sauce .. I Don't Give A Fuck"
Ok only 2 episodes left for True Blood... Who do you think is going to die on the season finale???
If you aren't listening to the podcast yet, it's time you do.
Intense Heat, But No Light, in Japan-Korea Hydrographic Battle - Wall Street Journal (blog)
A must read book if you are passionate about alternative energy and what Nokero is doing to pave the way.
exactly! What happened to us? Well, I don't know you, maybe your just as cool, but I've certainly lost my competitive edge
the old FATA and PTW records are amazing
but thinking if EVERYONE is remote, it may just work. going to look into setting up an all remote meetup :)
a few hours ahead of time?
praying for angel & her family. her mom passed away after that episode was taped. #StayStrongAngel 
DC vital records sent me 1 copy of stranger's birth certificate, not the 3 copies of my daughter's I ordered. No wonder office called "DOH."
Thanks...YAY!!! Finally...couldn't be happier for both of them. My brother is so happy and tired too!!!
Back to Milwaukee! :(
What an amazing night!!! The club was Poppin and everyone had a Blast Dancing & Partying @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Don't remember if I replied or not, but thanks. Talked to Uncle Augie and everything is getting worked out. Have a great weekend.
Real NICE! Props.
You Continue to break my heart but like a drug attic , I can't get enough ... Smh :/
just something that I thought you might be interested in.
Do you know how wonderful life is with you on the Earth
Narcissistic Rant: My stomach isn't that flabby anymore and I think I can see some rib definition! Why didn't anyone tell me exercise works?
Graham: Locally, a group working with Land Use & Housing to find permanent affordable housing sources.
: What's your number? I lost it when I got my new phone :(
Nas.. You're doing good to my soul right now.
Whitney Gone... Our Singer Dead
": I Have Major Trust Issues , I Can't Trust Anyone !" I feel this to the max !
that's jizz to my ears.
At risk of being unoriginal- this weather is AWESOME!
heyy. I wish I saw you
Dear Smokers, u can not make two blunts out of a nickel bag
Mine starts with orientation Thurs. Did you clerk this summer?
lol this bitch.
Forgot our #Wonk Photo Contest started this week? Don't worry! Week 2 starts tonight at midnight. Ads are all over DC. american.edu/wonk
Yayy i get the next week off of school! Soo happy!!
MY DAD IS PAYING FOR THE REST OF MY PHONE SO I CAN GET THE 32GB IPHONE INSTEAD OF 16 BECAUSE IM ONLY A LITTLE SHORT 
About to drop an absolute sick set on the rooftop of the Clevelander hotel from 1pm to 5pm...if you are on the beach swing bye...
Present: . Get ready for a WILD night
RT GGPark Band helps you celebrate Italian American Day at the Music Concourse today at 1pm for free. //Take an umbrella!
aye fam, follow back ?! :)
Hollie's Dress Is Too Cute! 💙
seriously! I'm leaving for a month over the summer so we will have to go before then!
FINISH THIS set! Winner goes to the Final Four!
Every time I see a commercial for the heavy hitter, I always think of I sure do miss having him around :(
let's do!
say hi to us! Rena and Gabby from america <3
Yes guys in NYC...I'm a celtics fan
LOL ... BUT HE PULLED IT OFF WELL I HAVE TO say .....
Great chatting with you both. Thanks for the tips!
What the hell Love drinking orange slice? He gone catch cramps
I got money and I slang that wood so gon waste ya time she just gon take that drink and walk back to Daddy!
Aw man. I just ate half my body weight in Baked Lays and Dean's dip for lunch - guess who's not skipping the gym today :(
only children or vd...
#10FactsAboutMe I will be everything you want but nothing you can have because you have lost your chance...
TMI RT : Hart said two pieces of cartilage already had broken off and were floating in the knee, which would have locked it...
There's no repayment for that...
good ;D
Unofficial winning time of 24 minutes, 2 seconds for Sigl.
S/O to my new & Old followers 
my new name
ain't no one like those situations lol
I just accidentally swallowed my mouthwash.
Love to twitter on twitterrific .. :) (via ) hi
The Super-Secret Sing-Along CD I ordered for my Dad & I is on it's way! My Dad is all excited, too, trying to figure it out! =D
Finishing last-minute touches to new iPad application AND our upcoming update to Flex! We hope you like it!
hm....hit me up when you get off work later girl! I got you(;
of course. let me know what's good?
Great call on Carmelos! May have to make our way down there ourselves ;)
$5 says Matt Cooke #pens :)
Sat outside for ten min and i already look like a diff race
Having a bad back week. Started w/ a tight lower back, then tweaked left mid-back. Recovered & tweaked right mid. Time for a massage.
Hope everyone on the West coast is having a good morning and the East coast having a good lunch...and inbetween enjoying that 3rd cuppa joe
LOL! No sir! Been down!
sad very sad =[
out Oct 15th, you can check out or progress with the game and book by going to www.d3xsoft.com thanks and hope you all are well!
I have both.
Check out the amazing artwork of Haley Cassatt!
The Blunt Amendment got knocked down, (preposition important in context), in the senate; some good sense displayed. Yea.
Always. RT : Being very grown up and mature with
Check out platinumposts.com
WERKIN on this new track coming out on me and lucci's "killa swag" mixtape and blowing on this lemon haze wit &
Trey Songz ~ Heart Attack video>>>>
Hum, depends on the situation RT should i wear red or Black hmm?
ahh I'm watching that right now for the 1st time it's so funny :D
Young the Giant at the Fillmore tonight at Squee!
'' I can't drink this beer... It tastes like a pankcake ''
i was looking at Funny last night on reddit and saw ! Old news?
who else watches the bio channel like me? lol
So what do I have to do to give you a much needed QB and I need a WR
NGP VAN does not buy, sell, or trade lists. We provide a blank database.
Random tweet: Listening to the Jackson 5's Who's Loving You. Takes me back to when Michael died & the BET Awards scrambled to "honor" him.+
I'm so happy we have school off on valentines day.
Eating organic blueberry oatmeal, drinking green tea and deciding what to tackle first: create PPT of best intranets or verify REQ doc.
The RT before this is access to the slides for tonight's class.
She hasnt tweeted since 38 mins. Ago since the argument was happening.Calm yo' tits.shit
Today was/is one of the craziest (good crazy) days I've ever had.
fight than
Good luck on your tryouts!
Be right back Twitter (: !
Wish Ty was here 😔
How many times is too many.. when it comes to reheating coffee? I'm heading for the 2nd now - but it was fancy coffee not just station drip
Happy for Holtby.
Love your work, Im a big fan! We can help you raise money for your next video or pre-sell some of your work. Hit me up to chat
Drinking & Smoking weed= Fun Drinking & Smoking weed= loss of brain cells and accidental sex with a ugly bitch which 9 months lead too? lmao
CREED - Warner Theatre TONIGHT
Other tools: gliffy, google forms.
catch contact...
echofon is great if you have a Mac and use the Mac app. It syncs your timeline so u are always at the last read tweet
I'm not a " hater". I just want you to die.
#TandSballoon ARE WE THERE YET?
Nice : I am sure that just loves that
Thanks for the RT :-D Keep up the hard work over there.
DO THIS!!! RT : Would LOVE it on vinyl. Costs a fortune... no label, no distribution, no chance
what's the matter. Talk to me
More children have arthritis than juvenile diabetes, cystic fibrosis, cerebral palsy and muscular dystrophy COMBINED.
Gonna try and hit 30 pages today. Wrote 7 in the past 5, so going for a personal record today of 9.5 pages.
Surprisingly I don't have a cold even though I was in the hot tub when the temp was about 30F.
I have them electronically and can share if you want.
LOL I never said that...I like the basketball side of it tho, everything else?...hate it
Where can i listen to some of your work.
okay :C
FOUND one adorable gray and white puppy dog in a public bthrm at chattahoochie rvr this am! She needs a new home!!! Pls spread the word
just listenin to Aqueous Transmission by Incubus
I should really consider getting some sleep. It's a good thing I don't have any obligations tomorrow.
Don't forget, is playing this Saturday! No cover as always.
Oh cool! It's supposed to be an awesome weekend too! Warm weather + cold beer = easy livin'!
var life = function(hoursSleep) { if ( > hoursSleep) { return "You're a boss"; } else { return "Learn what's up!"; } }; life();
It's an interesting issue! I feel like 'brogramming' can be harmless fun, but clearly some have crossed a line.
The cast of The Hunger Games is about to be on stage at MOA. Safe to say the teenage girls came out in full force.
I am beautifully busy right now... Blog posts, new photos, and TONS of local coverage! Check back for updates & details! #LiveMusic #NewArt!
I guess no ustream ;c
"I am his Highness' dog at Kew; Pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?"
Huge thanks to , , and for the sweet book launch last night!
It was just 12 days ago when Ariana hit 1.6 now 1.7! In love with this fan base! :)
Switch the windex plan up. Instead walk down the street. And spray it in your friends eye and have them freak. See what people do.(;
wrong about the time part... definitely takes time
she's not the worst, but she is approaching it.
Driving to Buffalo Grove. ETA 5:36 PM using - Social GPS.
“: free stuff is the best stuff!” you already know!
both, happy eastern motors!
Overeem: English is my second language (explaining why he looked away when giving response)
We are saddened to hear of the death of former Charger Junior Seau, a local San Diego icon and legend. Our thoughts are w/ his family.
This Friday its going down! B Day Bash inside Club 1616. 1616 E 15th st LA. Ladies free & bottle specials till 11.
Out probably another month or so. Re-strained his elbow.
RT : For designers who want to learn to code, Dave MacFarland's full-day workshop at UX Immersion is a great place to start:...
OMG, you have to search him on youtube or follow him at he is an incredible young singer from Texas  (c)
Well I guess I'm missing class today. Eye appointment taking forever. This year sucks.
when does he come around where you live
tell your publisher now!! If they think they can get syllabus biz they'll be thrilled.
stop making fun of Oprah guys. Bitch has got a lot on her plate
Happy Birthday ! From one God-fearing, southern girl to another... Enjoy!
^NB Create a filter. Open the email, click more > filter messages like these. Click next. Check Delete it. click create filter
My prob w is that it is the Mitt Romney of mags-- it has zealously adhered to Public Choice in trying to dominate middle
#SEMA2011 is making an excellent case for all the uses for vinyl wraps. We're bringing back some exciting new options!
Awesome. Our team took third and we are headed to State: RT : How was the Hammond regional?
I wish I could go to Too bad I don't live close to there.....
Can anyone point me to some good digital watermarking source code / algorithms? (preferably in Java)
Hey guys! Wish a happy birthday!
was just talking this the other day... "No one really cares" RT But why do y'all keep RTing compliments tho?
yooo thankz fo followin me ! If U wanna get 2kno Me , den hit me up ;)
So close to quitting time, SO CLOSE! Whats friday like where you are?
Good deal. My wife writes paranormal romance.
There's always room for JLo.
hey boo...quick ? do we have to answer both questions on the blog post?
taking it a day at a time but please instant message me on facebook brother
cause ..... I don't want aliah to get in her trunk .... Besides I'm not in yours .
" ii done stayed home ; but im bored as heck!"
What do you mean by that?
Yay for productivity Trish! Know you can do it! What's the deadline for?
Thank you Pearl, and have a great weekend
awesome. I miss you too, man! Hope you and the fam are all well.
I would have to say Gears 3 finally launching!!
singing + dancing= best thing eva
Can't wait til game time.... Let the daddy sodas drain
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty
follow me back my love <3<3
you add #legendofKorra in there to??? Saw it yesterday and loved every minute of it!
"Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know."
HI TWITTER WERE BACK lol
I surely can friend. I use Agave nectar in my sugar free pies.
I thought you left already lol
No more im not just going to sit their and let you hurt me I'm going to get up and hit you in ur face
Little Mountain no go, but Willoughby is..I'm excited as some of my fav breweries are gonna be there that arent in PA
Nice! We're wishing on our lucky charms for you. :)
The last three gives Wilson a career high 16 pts
Tonight. The 930 Arts Center. Interstates & Lydia Burrell. We have been preparing with you in mind. Please come and enjoy.
I'm at a McDonalds and this guy just left his newborn baby on a table and left.......oh America
Started writing a new song today. This one will make you want to dance. Can't wait till you all can hear it!
well hello there!
I'm sorry D: I hope you feel better soon!
All my first dates end up at Alterra on the lakefront.
hey my best friend, 's birthday is this Friday and she loves you! Can you please wish her a happy bday! Plz!
Wore my drake shirt to school today and didn't get dress code. BHS knows is too cool for dress code. Haha ;)
sumthn special just for u.... 2 #NEW #bEaTS!!!!
Can't wait to see this fat pay check 💰
112 formerly homeless pets were adopted into loving, forever families during our 24/7 Event! THANK YOU!
The boyz did what they're mission was, to inspire people and send a message saying kids can tear up the stage.
New Mixtape: Lil ' B 'The Silent President ' Lil ' B is back and he 's giving us another new mixtape .
Losing Followers Is The Worst Feeling In The World.
Most ecomm sites store your data anyway... they have to for returns/issues/mkt research. They just don't tell you that.
Buddy ass said he would be my sugar daddy lmbo!
Crazy the amount of setup and prep time it takes to shoot what will amount to be a minute long scene in a tv show. Long day!
EMBARC is teaming up with Farmhouse today for lunch. Farm to table with everything made in house even the sodas!
reading your umbraco 5 article...can you share your .gitignore and how you deploy a site from this method?
aha. She's mentioning the challenges w/ rural areas in SA, vs the more affluent areas. That's the REAL Africa?
The story of my fuckin life......
Happy Pay Rent Day!!
Haii everyone go follow an amazing guy and help get him to 200 maybe even 300 come on follow him(:
We're working with Max Dalton for our debut issue cover. MAX F'ING DALTON PEOPLE!!! Get excited!!!
me neither!
Watching jersey shore like EVERYONE else on this fucking planet!
I kind of wish that Logan would trade swimsuit bottoms with the girl he's hugging...
If only unsubscribing from your mailing list actually meant I would stop receiving your emails. Sigh.
Give me your Tumblrs! I follow everyone lol
Excuse me sir -- but WHY do you have Patrick Swayze tattoo'd on your forearm?
I am happy I can say I've been in the same building as a kardashian now
I have all four but rarely use LinkedIn & Google+ I checka few times a month-but typically ppl cross post so dont miss much
"You're only two years older than me." - C. Plum
I love Ireland but the breakfast over there needs to improve before I visit again
You're still a fucking douche bag!
Reading my mail...ugh whatever..
Sorry, what is this "maths?"
now following . ! Cx
I go to platinum :), why what's up?, oh yeah and follow me Elia don't act like u don't know who I be lol ^.^
Discover What Moves You - Find your passion and strive to live your life around it. Make your list. Do your homework. There is this caution,
You're welcome! I read December Nightmare this weekend and loved it - great story! :)
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.-- Aaron Copland
Same to you mama:)!
That's an awesome band name. Wish I could make it out.
#OtterbeinT&F Go Hurdlers!
Lesson of the Day: This is your ass (_._) This is your ass in prison (_O_) Any questions? Just say no to crime!
Here comes the wwe poster boy.
thanks man! :)
if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to
YES! We are all blessed! Thank you for reminding me that there is so much to be thankful for today!
Lol drink a bottle of wine Mama that'll put you to sleep RT : I need some!!!
#gwu, #sleighbell coffee? What's better on a miserable Tuesday?
This living history business at the National American History Museum is really good.
Can't wait to get 43 and head north
the 4th rule of #thatcamp #pub is: always bring mittens.
Me and Jordan Benker let's trend
thanks you too.
#bizethics sometimes environmentalism finds you, Logan
"Even though their games have very little in common, lets compare Kevin Love to Larry Bird because they're both white basketball players!"
Taking the long way to class
Thanks to everyone who came to the Marcy Playground show! You guys are the best!
Why is it that the second week of break goes by so much faster then the first?
DON'T hire an SEO, they only want u 2 rank in the search engines with ur competitors competitionless.com/search-engine-domination.html
ah! tell Dublin I said "hello!" I miss the place somethin' rotton, even that little bodhran bollix under the Molly Malone satue
#BOYFRIEND10Minutes OMG, I am so excited to hear it!
Buy things because you need them, not because they are on sale
I don't know how puts up with these people in his chats.
-People were praying on my rough flight, anyone laughing would have actually freaked me out.
If you had a chance to pick a paint scheme for a NASCAR car what color would the main color be?
check your facts on who developed the SAFER barrier.
What are your thoughts about FB going public? Let us know!
Gorgeous site. Welcome to the world.
let FOLKS knw I called him yesterday but he didn't answer.. Lol.. Talking bout me
what do you bring into that audition room? Your authentic self!!! No desperation, no perky, no attitude - YOURSELF.
yes. just got my phone back. hallelujah!
I regret telling her :/
Hey Tias, how bout a nap? Why Tias that sounds splendid. Thought so, lets make it happen. Tias U always have great ideas. Thx Tias, you too
ommmgg I feel that way all the time. It make me colder when I see that.
Thank you, Cindy. The time is right for our Civil War stories since this is the first year of the Sesquicentennial commeration fo the C.W.
And... he's kinda hot. Even with a pasta strainer on his head. Plus #atheism adds to the hotness.
I can't wait until marching band season! I'll have to make sure to see your show!
Holden and Ophelia are the best literary names! Good picks :)
Haha, I hear ya.
lol! No lighting for some reason screws it up. That is what a tech guy told me.
When u relize...
Thanks for prompting me to think e-comm.
LoL accidentally dirty you Lil Birdie Ahahaha.......Loved your Homer and Marge, once I figured out that wasn't a lamp post LOL
hey! Nice job on boot camp. Proud of ya sister.
Thus far* I highly recommend
#capsbruins those penalties better fucking even out
just talked with Earl Smith...says glad he ran honest campaign against Mayor Coleman
Hm... To buy My Ticket Home's album, or not to buy. That is the question...
#SaaS contracts can compel navigation of 3-party arrangement, not always in privity; user, software vendor and cloud provider
This sucks do bad
Hey brotha I just watched your Inspirational Sermon from April 4th on TBN. I'm heading back to Faith Street. Thank you.
a concert hosted by Kiis fm
i've had a person at work (not in my dept) ask me when I'm going to have kids
Best line of the day, "Is that fox news I hear? I will really start to cry if it is..."
I HEARD STEVE CARELLS NOT ON THE OFFICE ANYMORE! THATS THE ONLY REASON I EVER REALLY WATCHED IT!!!
i'm not taking food from anyone's mouth...i'm feeding...constantly...every day...working
Shine in the New Year with a Winter Radience Facial Take 50% OFF , Fridays only! Offer ends Jan 31st. 360-687-0778
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!! Thank you,
Just heard someone yell "Turkish Hanmer" here at Caesars. Awesome.
Wish I lived in the 1600s with the witches or in the 1800s. Both living in the country.
My wife feels that LivingSocial Distortion would be a better name.
hey so excited for the brofriend video! actually can't wait! wanna make my day and follow/tweet me? much love from ireland x
me too cant wait
Thanks Milan!
Unfortunately, we are not. Are you guys on there?
P.E.M.D.A.S. Please Excuse My Dope Ass Swag. I finally get math.
Uh Oh.. No Love breaking is toys again?
My apartment looks a lot bigger when most of my stuff is not in it.
@ ira, and yet again he tweeted tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive
SleepIssues (Issue 13 "Sane Sleep") has gone to print. Downloads available next month.
single 35 & up TryOuts is throwing a cocktail party for you Nov 27th. visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com or call 210-558-6558 for info
If ya parents give you money it's still their money not yours
Social Media is the path to new age recruiting. Visit us and review the latest jobs posted! www.hrjobboard.com
Get your mom a great gift for $50, shipping included anywhere is the USA, get a poem etched on beveled glass. Email me to place your order.
Good Monday People
THANK U Gina, u ROCK!Gloria does most of #Dollarocracy.com, I do here. FACTS out & Justice 4all! Kyt :j
You know it!
: "The greater the % of your job is devoted to teaching, the lower your compensation & status."
We in this bihhhhhh
what is this for? Just for you
Only 1,400 tweets & & follow me. Never stop tweeting, kids. Dreams do come true.
Don't forget to check in on foursquare when you're on campus!
The seeds of successful businesses are problems crying to be fixed or desires craving fulfillment.
Hi Martin, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
too fresh. Haha well I do have a job. So
"Don't catch salmon or any electric seals. I don't eat those."
worst state in the country. louisiana. -.- you?
Pablo Picasso was baptized Pablo Diego José Fransisco de Paula Juan
gurrrlll you fantasizing ?
get it # BIGRICK
Hey! Glad you're on Twitter.
Lots going on, but that's a good thing :-)
Are you going to the TAC tonight?
Hey, Bill. Backatcha!
well, they don't take reservations. So, we're on our own!
we are getting excited here too!
Thank you! It gets more romping soon, too -- regime change, new lovers, dead bodies at the water station . . .
Heyy! I have a question about the latin project..
#pure RT : Twitter lives for real-time holy s*&^ moments, and nothing delivers that like live sports
Mall Posted wit Fam watch my kidz chase these lil dogs L map
Now I'm crying my eyes out.. How come my parents never told me.. I've known.... All my life he was there since I was a baby.. Unbelieveable!
Go Golden Panthers!!
I love you. That is all.
sall good im used to the emotional abuse from my mama:) thats how we roll.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Murder risk is 3 times higher than the rest of the city.
Tat my fukin name on u wen i go u still be mine
An ending is a beginning.
Finally home from work. Beer me!
The University of North Texas!
Im a little sweet,a little salty, I float w/the waves that gently rock me,don't come too near I might get naughty, im happy as a clam..
That's crazy! and I were tv anchors together back in high school! #small world
we are having a blast! Merry Christmas to you and your sweet family.
Based on how much play they're giving the story, that suspension must have already begun.
toms or sperries?
“: Leos and Scorpios truly ain't the ones.” <<<<THIS....folk betta believe it like they believe u need air to breathe
Had fun laughs w/ S+J/K+J last night! Matt has the sickness I gifted him. I've shaken my wasted state of last night. Chill, stormy day. :)
yes if u cant make the career fair u can do extra "extra credit" tests to make up for it, i will post another link to more
it likes AAPL just lowered 3rd qtr guidance. Not sure why the stock is up after hours...
Somewhat heartbroken not to be at #AWP12 right now!!
IML presents Kim Christen's Digital Humanities 2.0: is revolution possible?
Agree with Grace on multiple issues tonight. Young, and the fact that Williams is terrible as 3B coach this year.
Hey when r we leaving tomorrow??? And when r we getting back?
Happy Monday Francisco and always keep that positive attitude and energy alive
Just did a fun standup for Joy at CTV.ca in dc bureau for use later tonight. Getting ready for my 6:30 live shot now.
Thanks K your the best! id die without my special K! xD
Oosthuizen eases Masters misery with Malaysia win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from his US Masters heartbreak in the best possible fashi
I hate Long sleeves
Good morning!!
I didn't mean YOUR butt.. I meant the catalog picture butt.. I'm not that creepy. ;)
Shame on CNN. "We shouldn't speculate about how she died, but let's speculate."
Thanks for the shout out Rick! We appreciate it.
Still sick about dropping my iPhone in the water....So much information and so many memories in that phone 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Last day of LGR SAT tutoring w/ the best students ever. , , , & others will destroy that test!
Question: Well how do you do it again?
Retweet if u are against our corrupted government and the new world order follow me and I will def follow u rite back Killumanti ;)
social tv panel at #smw discussion pitted against data driven content feed v how viewers actually want to interact with 2 screens
following the game via your tweets...
Well, has all that too, plus.. Puppies, Drugged Bears, and Cross-Country Cats.. we're animal planet today
lol your like my new bestfriend loll
Sorry we missed you.We were there till 6pm.We will be back next Sat.Hope to see u then!
Thanks, Sarah!
Hello, We have received your request for marketing services. Business Development Palmer Office: 888.372.4138 Welcome aboard, XMcorp
Hope it went well!! : About to take my placement test for Cincy !!!
tomorrow needs to not be monday..
why always happen this to me</3?
mine were on at 6pm!
I sometimes see young kids with their protesting parents in front of PP when walking to work. Waste of a childhood
I aint ask for this, i worked for this ..!!
Polar Bear party tomorrow. You know you want to come – it’s a hot tub. In Feb. On our patio. Plus booze. Could it get any better?
So close to 2000 fans! Help us get there!!
Walked out to my car to get something and the second I get there the sprinklers turn on
RT : Lil Boosie Found Not Guilty In Murder Case
lol lmfao that's harsh bro
Almost bought S4 this weekend. Thanks to for keeping it real. For now.
Too nice out gotta blow
I've got a stack of old mags + "The Golden Notebook" on my "stay-in-bed-and-read" list this weekend. What about you?
How many movie plots have been made worthless due to the ubiquity in our present day of the smartphone?
when you reach front desk, aim right to the private nook
I still love my sistas even though we have our moments and disagrements - :)
: Nice win today Tiger.
Culture is what is in your mama's kitchen
Phone is found!
If you dont know what you talking about shut the fuck up
An my aviators Gucci !
Thank your car for that weekend of road trips. Give us a call. We'll come to you to change your oil, replace your breaks, and more!
Where have you gone ?
Red red wine stay close to me
Using the quick tag viewer/editor at the bottom of the display window helps sort out embedded divs and other tags. :)
okay great just make sure u tell her its a surprise so she doesn't say anything :)
Only the cool kids. ;3
a little bit haha
Coming Soon! "The things in life annoy me". A new 26 page book available on Amazon.com by mid-January. Reply w/ address for advance copy.
I assume that "wha?" comment was sarcasm, right?
Some people can make anything about them. Sick of selfish ass people!
Hey girl! Did you end up getting tickets for Seattle?
If it sounds too good to be true...
#ColdplayOnIdol; paradise. how can you not like this song? <3
No, because it is a freshwater dolphin lol
This bitch has woken me up twice in one class period.. Bitch
TRAFFIC: Rollover Hwy 12/18 @ Hwy 73 - off the road. Emergency crews On the scene
congratulations on the t shirt line!
RT : #ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith God give strength to change what I can & the patience to accept what I cannot
YEAH HI-5 Word
Promise me u will always remember:U r braver than u believe, stronger than u seem & smarter than u think. Christopher Robin 2 Pooh~AA Miline
I need 8 more lol RT : Just got done running 2 miles. Tryin to keep up with my boy L We got some work to do!
Not always a bad thing, once you get used to it, and the world has.
I love it!
i know u watched #walkingdead last night... :))
Thank you for the RT and getting the word out about FUN in Rochester NY! You rock!
text-mining, digi mapping, & geo visualization to understand 19 th cen US Mexican borderlands through writings of SF Austin
are you even getting anything done out there?
I really need to go pick up my check this weekend
Never 4 get when u work hard u receive good results
Property Fishing boat Holidays throughout Of india
also, when we hanging out familia?
dude I'm down haha for sure
What You Think Is Kind Of Oldd News
I bought some shoes n dont wanna wear them. Lol i aint got bread to wasting
Try it now fool.
I want a fajita
I know medical waiting rooms are stressful. But clipping yr nails is never acceptable in public.
I believe the chapter was on taking awesome notes (for great mind-hacking good).
Jade Bryce was N the house & we had a very productive shoot. We accomplishd many luks N a small amount of time. Check out sum of the fotos!
#AddHealth2Life Healthy food access is an #agefriendly issue. What are you doing to turn food deserts into oases?
Haha I know what I'm doing, I got this 😏
Up super early to get ready for the show this morning. Tune in for great music and fun chatting 89.3 FM 10-noon EST.
Gonna put his name on my twitcon ^.<3
ugh. i always forget the 30. anyway, i'm in for burgers if you go tomorrow.
I think that's a really good assessment. I'm glad this wasn't the series finale because there is a lot more ground to cover.
thanx Man pls check out my music wwkingbabajames.com thank u again so much.
I'm good just a Tad bored lol
If Jesus can ask God the Father to forgive the people who crucified Him, then #you can too! Not ready yet? Say/think "help me Holy Ghost!!!"
Thanks. What do you still have left to organize?
RT - Peter King of SI.com likes what he sees on the Jacksonville Jaguars defensive line.
thanks for the mention!
Schenn had a chance to pull a Scott Stevens hit on Malkin there on that play and totally wussed out.
we need promotion
which in other words means, you're going to tweet it. Right..?
Christmas Day run... A family tradition!
#MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :)
working in www.findire.com
“: Lost all my contacts” 3373531454 destinee :)
poverty shouldnt be an excuse to deny children choices and a quaility education
I loove youu;) I absolutly love your videos and ur amazingly hot;). Ill give you a cookie! If you follow me;D-Savannah Carter;
I got my order in the mail! Yippee!
Still have no breakfast :/
cool well i am a Iconiac soo ill tell my friends about it ill help out :D
*Hot girl on screen* SUP GIRL!?!?!?
Oh and someone should tell this other girl if she has a fat sack to not wear tight shirts. That's not flattering
Good morning! How the heck are you and Millie this morning? RT Good mornin' & howdy from Texas! :)
Gonna have a pet next month or in april <3
great performance as the watermelon man on cant hardly wait
Welcome to Sara's twts. Must be d hottest day of the year in Buff, NY. Easier to tell which season a passerby is born. July's r laid back.
4,000 FB likes in just over a year! Thanks for all the amazing support guys, we love you!
I am fine thank you. How is life treating you? Why the JAWZOFLIFE?
:p agreed haha. After work im picking my girlfriend up and going to play a little show before our big one next month
Going through car washes is probably at the top of my fears list.
Open access isn't the same as copyright free. Can't agree with that last plagiarism comment.
The money💰 is the Motive
I'm usually a big fan of The Cafe, but banana flavored pudding is just an insult to real banana pudding. Otherwise another great lunch.
dammit gaskarth wish me a happy birthday!
Aww that's so cute. Girl, I have BUILT a car! ;)
Feeling is mutual
Irish Whiskey Tasting at Hotel Oregon on 2.27! Start celebrating St. Paddy's Day early with us! More info at 503.472.8427 or mcmenamins.com
effffffffff of you slut.
same here !
that movie also taught you its ok to not feel confined to your own race. So many of us will only date a black man
Check out our latest chapbook review!
all you beliebers out ther need to follow
your name is so ironic. No customers matter to Charter. Only money.
Ok, , get me home in time to watch the #Caps game!
Heading to Doha to give my TED talk. The Web of Ancient Manuscripts. GULP.
our pleasure!
Just found out that the company I work for will be dropping the offered medical
what's some good places to eat around the Verizon Center?
Just slept 11 straight hours!
agreed, but we don't have the resources for it this year. Maybe next.
your my favorite kardashian!!so real and mature!!proud!!!
Tweet at us what your doing today!!
We noticed and we love it. Thanks. Hey! today anniversary of the bicycles first introduction in NYC (1819), &USA, any pics?
Love that bridge tweet!!
Hear you are speaking at Flagler College in March. Can you come to Jax B4 or after for our PRSA group? Dates?
Memorial weekend =great.. Worked angels baseball games, had good food, spent time with someone close to me...
i understand. twitter's not perfectly suited for the quick response. it always comes over as pedantic.
I don't want to go to school ...
Awww. That was one patient horse actor.
#OnlyIf tweeted his future wife <3
Turned down an offer of Swisher for Bryce Harper 30 minutes ago. Now find out Harper is getting called up Saturday. D'oh!
Kingston grabs the camera and warns Charlie Cox that "it's on now."
So much answered prayer today!!! Awesome! God is so good!!
I hate Russ Russ!! lol
There's only one reason a man would light tiki torches
#ESRIUC where are these 'map sandwiches' i keep hearing about? They sound delicious!
If you are following me and I'm not following you, please tell me, I will follow back.
In show of solidarity with east coast, probably not going to wear a jacket tonight.
No, there's new stuff this year, Ahman Green wants to come back.
GIRL; "You can't solve all the worlds problems with a Shotgun!" HOBO; "ITS ALL I KNOW"
RT I fucking HATE when people do backward smiley faces!!!!! Wtf is this (: ?!?! >:/
You don't want to work? You just want to bang on the drum ALL day?! That actually sounds like work, especially being that you're a musician.
no worries, I can pick them up by Monday at the latest!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors & staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
