Roll Da Kush Up! ..Lets Start A
One of the only ones I knew!
Jamie asks if you can email me that pic?
Im selling my soaps @ ladies night TONIGHT 6:30-9pm, at Game Pazzo 2011 W. 63rd St. Downers Grove. Free admission 20+ vendors & $5 martinis!
Wonder who these employees will be if they won't be union employees.
Well, I wouldn't say a little crush!! It's more like a HUGE crush!! ;)
And they didnt pick him either howie wants up with that ????? He sang really good :(
I bet you wish there was a rewind button, don't you?
Were you at the mv lax game tonight?
I just want to sing. And cry. And laugh. And fall in love. Not the kind of love I've had..the kind that's real.
My mom has me stop at work just to get her some Dunkin donuts
illegal immigrants who qualify for the DREAM Act would still have to wait 2 years before being eligible for residency
Tao Lin (): As if detecting a red dot on a white screen during an ophthalmologist's exam.
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time. Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
well you've been missing out
late night trumps late night movies any day
Do it! Aha. Because you won't win. =P :)
The refs are Finally giving the Bulls some calls smh
I seen it too and Im scared straight. He said to the camera man 'if I wanted your booty, I can have it.
Chicago bound and loven it!! :) #partytime!!
Going parting with my girls and <3
I'll just come home now. That would be easier.
You certainly tell you raised 5 kids!
nuu. I'm sorry your tummy hurts. I hate that! Mine hurt this morning.
miss you.
Just ate a banana dipped into cacao nibs. I love it! It likes a raw version of a chocolate covered banana!
I've been wanting to do this for a while.
IF we get a REAL Repub in the WH & get Cong & the Senate then there is hope for freedom to continue. Romney = RINO.
Join OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani 4/9 6:30 pm @ Central Library auditorium 820 E Street for An Evening of Persian Poetry and Literature!
it's still been "warm" for this time of year, so that's always good! ;)
Mr. #ThinWalls obvi had a bitchin' Cinco de Mayo because he's currently singing I'm sexy and I know it at the top of his lungs.
Im going to kill you both
How are your Resolutions coming along?
You're a lucky man! RT: It's hard to believe, in 1 week I'll be getting married.
Are you coming tonight?
United airlines doesn't wanna hear it!!
i wish i could go to your concert in LA ):
But someone should come over ? (:
We (I) appreciate all the support you gave us at this year's swap. W/O support like yours, we couldn't provide our services.
Chone Figgins? Me too! “: Every day, for 88 straight days, the same person has made me smile and laugh. It's a nice feeling.”
thanks man
Stick figures are grossly underused in PowerPoint presentations.
Although, honestly Dave, I would have pegged you for more of an NSYNC fan...
HAVE FUN:D & noo, i wishh):
I am finished with the magazine now.
An even # that has a 4 and a 0 in it ...
them house of blues tickets are going fast. get yours from me! (pee)
We'll have the day in court for a former supervisor at the San Diego Center for Children accused of molesting a teen at the Center.
Yo, Dog what ever happened to "Mic Geronimo" and the "Cash Money" Click .. B4 the Cash Money that the Squares KNow <--- My Bad
When will scout release the 2015 rankings?
so why is it that when I wake early on a Sunday morning the first thing on my mind is Golden Coral :/
Roasted flavor without the wait - Gloucester Daily Times
"when you go to a Benjamin Britten opera, you know what you're getting. Peter Grimes all over again." & that's why I hate Met audiences.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
How long do you normally work out for?
: The Online #Poker Act: US jobs, money for #deficit, & consumer protections! Pls hold hearing on HR 2366.
Come a little closer baby.
PRIDE & SHAME keeps you away from the #HOUSE & separates you from having a relationship with the Father! -
I know ima make it...give a fuck about yo thoughts
lol im not sleepy anymore bc I like when we talk (:
I'm tired of everyone.
I don't trust easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don't make me regret it.
#plpnetwork Sharing work with colleagues, across the hall or around the world, is an essential part of professional growth.
There is nothing better than spending time with old friends. Love my girls!
Bout to watch the OHIO STATE game
OMG Yes
Love Love LOVED your comic Touch Hater's Club -- Good stuff!!!
....and made both my kids very sick, then we got away from that but had a bad dust issue at our next rental....
I'm already following u
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
Don’t be so busy with your plan that you ignore God if He tries to change it.
Sad news for stray #cats and
Okay. That makes me feel better. Have often thought the same, but never acted on it. Perhaps you'll inspire me.
always a fun time. (:
Its nice to meet you.
I'm always "supposed to be sleeping"
Check us out follow us and we follow u@ getbigwithjboss.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 8
You Fuckers Better Tip!
LSU's Book Bazaar begins today! That's cool, I didn't really need food money for March anyway.
"Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active." - Leonardo da Vinci
Happy Valentines Day :-)
- who's the safer bet to get 20pts? Stafford against Oakland or Cam against a tough Texans D?
I be ducked off
U fuckin bitch
I'm a bit late to the Android party, but, I finally made it! Thank you , et al., for making these amazing devices possible
lmao shut up! Good thing you're not showing the pic of your yaya yesterday..
Mayor (regarding sending 500 more buses through PSq): there are the needs of the 'hood and there are the needs of ppl who go thru the 'hood
Floyd Mayweather not only won his fight against Miguel Cotto on Saturday (May 5), he did it with a star-studded support
note to self! Too skinny is ugly! Sorry
Shoutout To My New Followers -
that was def the funniest moment of my day hands down.
i cant wait to sit on his lap and get my picture taken with him! #yayy !
Sam broke the lightbulb from shoveing it up my butt
Showed "Do the Right Thing" 2day in class, holds up well
I discovered paw prints in my chamomile, so I reluctantly harvested my catnip.I'm making aprons from vintage hankies. It's pretty snazzy..
CORRECT REACTION: RT : It pains me to hear another member of the Trojan Family has been harmed.
It was a great BGT Season. Out of all the one's i've watched from the USA.
You're unique, just like everyone else.
liquor store in trunk of old Camaro bumping PAC
checking it out now; looks very interesting!
haha no problem..Will do :)
Old fashioned
OH recently: "Those aren't silos, they're corridors of excellence!"
You're welcome, Melissa!
At home re-watching the game against Vandy with the family.
If came to Denver for Summer Jam, i would be in there like swim wear <3
Great #pcbw night tonight! Featured TRASH homebrewers and delicious creations from ,
i think alternation is keeping myself moderate, able to run for the long term. who wants to be temporary anyway?
headed back to Billie in a few hittin' bottoms up
Oh yeah. Before going to bed, just want to share that I'm very #happyincle !!!
The Brewers lose a heartbreaker, 13-1. Post game is brought to you by... ... I can't find it, the hell with it.
I'm really hoping all this video render will be less painful when a new MacBook Pro Head::Desk
you know you are a hooker. May be next to your star at NJ Rep
Oh, Game of Thrones...why do you have to keep me up until the late hours of the night?
5TH PIC - #2009 REGULAR SEASON WINS - EVERYTHING IS BIG IN TEXAS & IT'LL BE BIG NEWS WHEN HOUSTON TEXANS GET WIN #10...PLAYOFF BOUND!
class -_____- SOME ONE SAVE ME!!
Talk is cheap. A leader is one who doesn't criticize, but instead try's to be a part of the solution.
So freaking cold out and I'm getting some
Is there any video from the ABC 7 appearance? Nothing on their site. (flash mob)
Three best words in the English language: pajamas, coffee, toast.
...I wanna maybe meet for lunch on Monday!?
want to win a free photo session for your kids? Check out hashtag #FunFreshFree :)
that's cheap!
on my way back from SD, bought 4 random cds at random record shop. big winner was Lambchop "Mr. M". late night long drive record FTW.
thanks alot! same to you!
Day 12 on the platform and I awake to the news that a tsunami is headed towards me. 8 mi off the coast of Santa Barbara by Point Conception
where are u an I'm 10th row behind the plate looking for u guys
!HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
waiting for she's taking her sweet time ... It's ok I wa late too #redbullvodka :)
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Hey its hacking breezy's twitter!!! Follow me :-)
yea i got u
Hello. everyday is a #piano day.
“: Omg we are picked up for season 4!!! #Parenthood #forever #neverstop”
cool. I know they are hiring for stuff out of state. Not sure if I can use him as a ref.
Follow me please. I love you!! <21 Im going to send you a poster I drew! (:
unemployed and HATING IT!
"Why does the tea smell like beef?"-haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage
Ladies send me a late night pic I wanna see lol.
I am on #TeamConan. I would hate to see him go, but will watch him wherever he ends up.
hey Naina thanks for following! :)
Going to Beauty School to get signed up for class.
whoa is this a #asha12 sighting ?
Whilrlyball? While I was home alone & nearly choked on Brussel sprout. Need to teach cletedog Heimlich. Or how to order pizza.
omg is it Fiffany?!
best weight lifting exercises to do?
Ouuu!That's ma Bero'o! How are you brotha?
needs to get the hell up and bless my TL wit her presence...... She know I'm impatient
Certainly! Send us your contact info
2WD in the snow is quite eventful
"Everybody hears, but few listen." - #BobKnight or #HanSolo ?
Is on crack because he thinks that was a good show... its time for an intervention of LINDSAY LOHAN PROPORTION!
he is but don't jinx him!
Oh. Your fast though you should've done the 50 yd dash.
The OEP online store will be down temporarily while we convert to a new system. We appreciate your patience. Call 1.800.424.8070 for orders
ok ok amigo, ya te sigo de vuelta :D
No longer accepting halftime scores for the deucebrand giveaway...thanks for your entries!
thank you for saying that! So many people forget that and only say that on fathers day (moms that are dads lol).
#twitterverse needs you!
we can go on ghost tours!
got my first st. pattys day drunk/tipsy ;-) dial....lifes good.
shut yo bitter ass up !
RT : As u grow older u discover that u have 2 hands: 1 for helping yourself, the other 4 helping others -Hepburn
Not only was I a geek, I was the queen of the geeks...embrace being weird. It's your superpower.
Out to breakfast at the Vanilla Bean with my favorite cousin and my little munchkin :-)
Getting ready for some tonight! It's going to be #delicious!
We love our #retailers. Want to carry all or some #EnduraPet products? We would be delighted:
VisualWebsiteOptimizer = my new "crack" Kills Google's WSO. Install just 1 Code!
Had to call my brother to tell him The Wood is on :))
Any chance the team could get access to the web font beta? :D
watch that young O.G. Mudbone
i dnt know u
thank you!
shut up.
": Gotta be honest, I am very impressed with both #Pens and the #Preds PR staffs. Extremely media-friendly teams"
no idea what you meant, we just played with our base set.
s/o to my new follower
It is customary and kind to tip your artist for work well done!
first kiss
Bucking the local party nominee, eh Ron? Oh, you (well-paid) rebel! cc:
don't forget the post-apocalyptic gem Waterworld
Quote from Google's stmt on dropping H.264 supt, "all publishers & developers using the <video> tag will be forced to supt multiple formats”
APUSH is the one time of the day that I need to use my phone for distraction.
Someone is stealing my cheese sticks from the refrigerator at work.
Cried my eyes out. Omg.
Yearning for movie star locks? Stop by Beauty this month for a $10 blow out. Volume, body and shape, oh my!
Ms. Sierralta addresses the Board on the excellent skills and benefits that are gained through learning languages early on.
Also, how the hell do you use that many time-management apps at work?
We will need to get rid of Beasley at some point. Hopefully, D Will can fill that hole (down road...).
hm. if you turn straight will you marry me? haha
Oh. I'm not really sure what that means. But ok. q:
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
Fabulous food and drinks with and Miami ! Lovely beginning for the weekend!
I'm just amazed that for once I have a solid product rec. when someone asks something obscure! ha!
Empty net...under a minute! Hold on
we'll see about that lil girl
"Someone tried to poison her!" "During...TECH?" "No. During the late local news."
Okay, future boyfriend, You can stop playing hide and seek now.
Please stay.
-_- whale, she got his number but she's going to tell me stuff at school...I guess there kinda talking now.. Nuffin bout me? :(
what's the song you've been listening to the most this week?
youtube/ state authentics
": I can't stand teachers, substitutes, student teachers, principals, assistant principals. Lmfaooo"
Yum! #nowiwantlunchtoo RT : I just had lasagna supreme n my boyfriend had Italian beef
Musically it doesn't make any sense. As if two songs accidentally crashed into each other and couldn't remember which part belonged to who.
“: If we're giving tests that Siri can pass, we're not asking the right questions."
We need a glade plugin or a bath and body works lotion that smells samurai gazebo...ridiculously delicious
Suite Scarlett and Scarlett Fever by Maureen Johnson (2), and The Boyfriend List and its sequels by E. Lockhart (3).
Looking at the girl with dragon tattoo.
: Blogs, soc media, lms, mobility are the "ambient noise" of learning, a part of all classes to some extent.
Contact for a free estimate!
We don't begin to know what freedom is until we come to a place in our lives where we have no need to impress anybody. -Joyce
An experiment in Facebook ads is today as much as an experiment in social media theater.
But in the midst of my ailment I am beyond thankful for the most incredible woman I know, Kristi Hinson! I love you!
What movies are you dying to see? -PT
#youknowyouafreak when you get it On backtage before going on stage
need your help actually!
With 90% reporting, 1,150,437 votes have been counted in the #wirecall primaries for governor. That's a 34% increase over 2010 primary.
Thank you, Shawty! :]
GOODMORNING AND HAPPY MOTHERS DAY OK BYE
just got home from work and plans on watching Friends all night,
You must realize that honorary degrees are given generally to people whose SAT scores were too low to get them into schools the regular way
30% of health care spending is for services that may not improve people's
OVER 3 MONTHS NOW :-) & LOVING IT! RT Wait, I blink my eyes and is reporting news in Jacksonville, NC?
#crazywhiteboysays "you read books!" turns to someone else, "hes reading pornographic novels"
Get a FREE membership when you enter "fit" in the promo code field while completing the sign up process. YES FREE for a yr www.thegympro.com
Follow me? ??
getting ready to release LA Trash Apparel! I'm busting my butt on this project!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking this evening : Deconstructing the Myth of Viral Video
Cuz I'm cool like that
Lmfao did just blow his nose with the linen Hahaha
- We were ok with le360, but Bill wanted a new name. Look forward to seeing you in Chicago next week.
Joe; scarborough, makes no argument in todays culture. Back hill Penns & blue collar folk still use contraception,& abortion serv.
RT : Hope Solo what a great looking goalie.. OHH and a great player as well.. lol
M not so bad.
yes it is though!
So a bunch a teenagers can't identify with Rue in #HungerGames- b/c she's Black. And how could Rue remind Katniss of her (not Black) sister?
Hahah! Bummed I missed it, I wanted to go - but WITH my beer-loving husband. :)
good and you
Huge goal in a huge spot by a huge talent
up doing light work.
lol where at?
tonight in Boise.
no worries. I'm here until Saturday.
Where's ZA ZA! tonight? She'll save me! HA! =D
Your Curly Hair<33
Emaley w/ Cheryl Feilding From #UTPA - Having a great time @ ABAI Stop by our booth & say hello!
awww yeah ohio river valley chasing
But why would we need the beer, if inhibitions would be outlawed? LOL
thanks for tweeting out our article!
Only 10 days left until and ’s #IntheArtoftheCity event at the gorgeous
IM NOT GANA STOP CALLING UNTIL THEY PASS ME ...!!!!
Go Longhorns!
thanks 4 the follow! if you need sharpening or a some new scissors call text or tweet! the new webstore will b up soon! peace! :)
Why does have a criminal defense fund?
Back in KC
Who are you excited to see at #warpedtour Vans Warped Tour 2012?!?
Good luck!
4 more day for My birthday
NU Gallery 360 hrs: 10am-7pm Mon-Sat. Check out new exhibit featuring photos from 5 different regions of the world!
don't they sell shirts with fake stains on them? I think Linda can make some $$ if she sells her shirts with real coffee stains
Was just rocking so hard to a Bon Jovi song in the car that my earring flew off and is now lost. I don't get how I am allowed to be an adult
Caught the last 30 min of Junot & he was great!
Ladies now booking valentine shoot special : )
: Hey Lu! Thanks for the "hey you"...how are you?
Ribbon in the Sky... Hands down.
q1) TOO many miscommunications to count
good how are you? how were ur holidays?
Reminder next Sat meet David and Stephanie at Health Expo Tamarac Florida Community Ctr 8601 W Commercial Blvd & learn 8 Steps Aging Younger
MJNA morning panic setting in!
and didn't tell you which song. Generals! Definitely.
haha oh gosh. You should take the group to the hood then speed off.
FREE Social Network - Create a profile, write blogs, start discussions, join a group, or upload photos and videos in our social network.
tell me about it!
I hope #2012 is a good year, starting off with exams :/ hope I do good, I don't wanna fail, never have, hoping never will.
long day in the studio. Next time!
Love it! Thanks for letting me know!
its a Great Day today!!! no reason to complain, if u do...u angry at somethn bout ya self. lmao
Make us proud!
My birt6hday party last night was amazing!!!! I have great friends!!!! xoxo
at least have a fill-in sidekick who knows about sports pre 2000.
how long you be at hyp hyp?
Tropicana gutts and my trunk on slam!
Saturday Nite rock w/ Highway 4 and Boston's Sun In Flight. Tix $10 now/$12 at door. 21+ 10pm. Come
good. you?
there's a big difference between an actual "win" and a I forgot to play and for some reason didn't get a reminder "forfeit."
Welcome aboard, !
have a great evening everyone!
So sad you didn't play always and forever!!!!!!!!
Today was tiring. Will take a nap and will watch movies later. Be safe people!
i know gurl, it's just not right!
Field goals gives OSU lead back, then Barner gives the Ducks another great kickoff return.
Of course we love packing, especially with our fantastic Liquis luggage by ! Perfect for us and our adventures.
let's talk getarz !!
were you the one wearing that beautiful red dress last night? wanted to say hello but didn't get a chance!
i saw that your gona have to go a third time when i get there ;)
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Does making twitter jokes qualify me as a member of the press? I say yes.
Hey Lisa! Do you know how we know if we are part of the meet and greet for the NYC concert? Xoxo
#gds = biodiversity how did it happen that K/1 boys will not eat pink cupcakes ? #gender and
you did good in high school musical 2
Most of the time it really ain't what a person think......
2 20+ min calls #Netflix support (cool 2B talkg w/guy I understand) our queue issue is resolved w/Bizarre workaround: logout/in 4 each. WTF
The scarves are delivered, in KC and are just awaiting my grubby hands on the box to distribute.
Which type of training do you prefer? or #Crossfit?
Fuhh reals! I'm sure we can still do it, we just haven't had practice recently, because you're too busy being an adult.
I'm willing to bet John signed/agreed to it, he's sometimes TO NICE.
Merry Christmas!!! Hope you all have a good day :)
RAIDERS! RAIDERS! RAIDERS!
Ugh I hate the doctors.
Obama on some funny shit he aint solid.Marriage between a man & woman fuck that other shit
Who might be interested in kickball stuff that I should be following? Dont make me wait for
Today I'm busier than a one-legged Riverdancer.
oh Lol I got 2 this year and they were from guys!!!!!.I was like wtf?!
I'll be on tonight around 6 p.m. talking about how public asset sales could get big in 2012. Listen up!
Very cool to hear! Thanks for sharing, and welcome to the team.
Memphis blew that game
I'd tell him to go screw himself lol.
are you a pisces?
That's my Bitch...
i'm working on some Personalized URL campaigns for customers. anyone have any research showing increase in response to PURLS vs. a control?
JAVA DEVELOPERS Needed!!! 7 openings in Delaware, mid-level and senior positions, salary ranges between 85-130K 3 openings in Boston, mid-…
Do you have any idea who hacked you?? ♥Bretana♥
Have fun on vacation. Too bad it won't be as fun as visiting us will be, but hopefully it is close! ;)
Maybe my cat will?
downtown :):) i hate shopping, but happened to run into all these sample sales and it was actually a cool little thing! xo
If you're in the Queens Brooklyn area (NY) come see We Are Defiance tonight Vibe Lounge!!!! :60 North Park Avenue Rockville Centre, NY
thanks Britt, Happy Mothers Day to u as well
You could be conscious and be part of the problem
All day err' day !
RT : Loaf's in need of Loaf today
oh that's perfect! Thanks!
HoLLY Much ! Stop It, never cute take that to unverisal studios ..
you look so pretty with your amazingly beautiful hair, it makes me want to grow up and be you.
don't worry nothing happened while you were gone! :(
Good morning!!
Be sure to watch me on Channel 14 on This Week in Sports with Callahan coming soon. Taped today. You will enjoy subjects. ha
New day, fresh start. Successfully banished a destructive and sick person from my life. Feels good to get that dirt off my shoulder. Whew!
Always playing WMYB on the radio.......Every time I step in the car, there they are!
I could fuck a usb port and sext her a picture of it. that would be a good relationship thing? convey that "I am trying my best over here"
Please share your tailgating photos with us!
Bobby Turnage, formerly General Counsel of Network Solutions, joined Venable's Washington, D.C. office to work on cybersecurity matters.
Spectacular performance by Madonna and company! BTW did you see the entrance? That's how Catherine Garcia gets to work everyday:)
Sleeping town, night mail / Chug, chug, a bend in the tracks / Tiny dog, big world #haiku in honor of rail mail & Poetry Month
"I have failed you Anakin. I have failed you." From possible the best 9 minutes of motion picture ever created.
Heyy!!! I love you all soo much <33 anyway what's up!!
So anyways, this kid called corporate on my boss and apparently it's going under investigation. if i'm involved...fuck.
does Dj have your number?
Thanking for bringing new energy to Ebony magazine.
#confession I have no idea what putang is.
thanks! Big step!
Now there's the way to wake up: news helicopters right overhead & the garbage truck arrives at same time.
Now for Hacking Your Users’ Brains w/ Aviva Rosenstein (), UX Lead @ Salesforce.com
Medieval Times Show was
Music is the universal language of mankind. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Callus : My mum was in a car accident a few days ago and she's still in so much pain and also the guy gave false insurance
Were they still breathing? RT The cool thing about #breakingbad is there can be no dialogue for 10 minutes and you don't notice
Me too, and looking forward to it and DH both.
2 classes with , 3 times a week??? Life just got immensely better.
When I see girls pictures of them drinking every single day all I think of is wrinkles wrinkles wrinkles.
Breet us your best bree jokes!
On a roll: seven straight hours of writing today. Getting close to completing another chapter in the WIP.
Nearly $1 trillion, roughly half , of CA’s economic output is not taxed. CA is dominated by services and info activities that aren't taxed.
for real!
Win V.I.P. access to Drake concert! Listen for all the details on Kiss 97.3! Goodluck
TEACHERS this is a good chance to get your students Tweeting! Assign it as a class assignment for the students to respond.
I need to download Instagram.
that would probably mean I should exercise or something. Hmm, maybe in another life. :)
I'm tha Diamond in tha Ruff that ain't been found
idk where you at bruh but u better find me cuz we got problems
m. Heart me some wiffleball.
>:P Ugh...my tummy is being mean today! Lol
big balls small brains
Cackling kicks off #tcamp12 day 2: visionary mastermind literally JUMPING to create innovative data ecosystems for better society
New York Post reporting that Knicks head coach Mike D'Antoni resigned. is it April 1? No, then it might be true.
You rock! Thanks for the shout out! Bring with you next time!
I hate wemocco!
Help us keep our trees green. Water a street tree today!
Peter McGraw and Joel Warner: Deconstructing Romney's 'Bullygate': The Science of Pranks: How can you tell when a prank has gone too ...
RT : Absolutely! African Americans' interest in Cuba begun right after Blake's publication in 1859-62!
I wanna say Happy Birthday to the amazing singer <3:)
"Turning Waste into Wow" This is good...but I prefer TRASH CAN!
My summer has ended after tonight. Summer classes start tomorrow.
Just laughing at guys Grindr accounts with lol
on a better note, happy opening day!
It's the Curse of the Chalupa!
omg its cause she put Numming stuff so she didnt feel it , we're gunna do that -.- we should get it at the same time xD
#Cats step with both left legs, then both right when they walk or run. The only other animals to do this naturally are #giraffes &
Love you though. I went on a real paranormal investigation and it was awesome. what we captured was amazing.
Everyone stay safe out there!
Family Guy is so good tonight
LMAO, ok well Happy Birthday anyway my friend :)
I believe in a 6th round draft pick. #Brady >
Gatlinburg is the new Jersey Shore
Your going to win duhh!!(: you got this all in the bag<33 #followme ??
Am back...finally!
*while having girlfriend talk* Grandpa: he can have a girlfriend he old enough to let his life go down the drain Lmfao #dead 😂😭😂
All the good shows, their Finale are this week & next week =( wa. I hope Revenge isn't on it's finale =O I'd go Crazy.
Happy Thursday to everyone!!! What exciting plans do you have this weekend?
to post the pics up. I know you got a couple of the pics up.
Out with the old and in with the new (knee, that is) . . . off to surgery this morning
Listening to Jackson Parten throw down and getting ready to follow at 10. Tim Phillips to follow my set.
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
Finding a guy that doesn't break your heart,is there an app for that?
#ThingsILookFor if anybody is tweeting abput
Sometimes I wonder.
one cuties orange- my lunch!
Your reaction to someone in trouble determines "God's" reaction towards you. TRAYVON MARTIN NO JUSTICE NO PEACE
cuz it was obvious they saw them illegal hits.U may want to listen to sportsradio in MKE sometime..could help with ur show
Clean-shaven and hating life. Thanks to my manly geneticss though i'll have my 5 oclock shadow back in no time
looks great!
aweh!!!! ur grandma looks really young!!! dats a cute pic!!! HAPPY B-DAY grandma of Vinny
Just did a photo shoot in front of 3 different pieces in pittsburgh..so dope..been a fan for years
Thanks for the update, I will have to take a peek and see what all the buzz is about
this is my first time to new orleans n bourbon st...all i gotta say is louisville fans fit the mold..... skanky, dirty, sleazy etc
thank you :D
My Nose Is On Its Raqq
Blown away by my wife's new iPod Nano. First of the 6G ones I've played with. Never seen an interface that awesome on a screen that small.
i know amazing catch
Wow it's Tiny Tower with vampires and zombies!!
sorry…the correct answer was 330am - hope you made it. :)
Getting really close to announcing the details of our New Years Eve race!!! Who's excited for some MTB, and a brand new year?
Ayyee "Hot and dangerous, if your one of us, then roll with us." ;)
Another observation of stupidity. A parking lot of a shopping center had some pavement dug up and trees and bushes planted, hard to see past
Friends with benefits??
Did you know the EKU SBDC provides services to both existing and start-ups? Contact us if you need an appointment!
Hey love! Are you volunteering next weekend for the No H8 Campaign? They are back in NY! I am:)
I miss it at Lebombo. It was the best safari experience imaginable! Tell Brian, Exon, and Lucky hello from Teri
Wittenberg: Authenticated websites critical in legal proceedings
will you be in NYC this week? I am going as a photog with my new Canon SLR D series! XOXO
human post it: if I really don't want to forget something I tend to write it on my hand
--ORIGINAL MSG: Direct from : Will you be out this wed 2/22 yes...Main street parking...See u there To reply, type 'm ...
RT : In 1782:Deborah Sampson dismissed from Continental Army when her disguise (as Robert Shurtleff) was discovered.
Communication in Workplace, Leading a Team, Problem Solving via Productive Thinking: ML courses OSU AD should have taken. Bowl ban=sadness.
Is there an iPhone remote that controls Logic?
"When we lose the right to be different, we lose the right to be free." - Charles Evans Hughes
PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
I emailed it in to you yesterday
It's going to be even nicer today so I'll leave work early and go to the unofficial naked beach.
Thanks for the mention!
you have made me mad jely >_> just so you know.
J. W. Schopf~ For four-fifths of our history our planet was populated by pond scum.
damn miss my wifey
HEY EVERYONE!! CAN I GET 1 PERSON TO FOLLOW ??? PLEASE!! (: I'll GUVE YOU A SHOUTOUT A FOLLOWER IF YOU DO(:
Sorry there hasn't been a new cheese blog this week, I've been fighting off something and all my free time has been spent passed out in bed.
Welcome to DC! You should stop by for lunch. We'd love to meet you! ;-)
This weekend is gorgeous! In the Faneuil Hall area? Stop in and see us!
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids - The Associated Press
Cool, have fun! Going to UC for Bulls game tonight!!
I would like a Ryan Dempster bobblehead, but I can't go to today's game. Anyone want to get me one?
Hope to see you at one!
right on ;)
some people cannot accept he is for real. The more Tebow is underestimated, the more he thrives!
Good morning! Tonight I'm at Laugh Lounge 8:30
had his mind made up from day 1! Like I did when I dunked all over you at Dougie Fresh's place. Assist to
RT : An the winner of our bottle/ day bed tomorrow is...... Congrats! *Congrats Aaron! Have fun! :)
When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 >>>
need something to do this weekend , wats poping tweet freaks????????
I love competition
I've got a new mobile #... +1.213.422.1879. Old mobile will be shut down in a day or so.
Looking to see some more life from the #Browns today on both sides of the ball. The match-up favors them, so just have to execute
is she going to eat me?
RT : PRIMARY BLOWOUT: Sen Richard Lugar (R-IN) is trailing in every single county reporting right now from Indiana
That's brutal! Hey why won't you deliver to my friend?
And you are the only one i have cried for <3
Plain and simple...what a terrific example Thank you
#dhdebates #fordhamdh I find myself thinking about what "humanities" means in this DH conversation. Do I want to identify as a "humanist?"
I miss my old life, but I wouldn't change anything that I have going on right now
Chris Davis just struck out Adrian Gonzalez. WTF.
you are the reason I am married.
haha well if you ever go its so much fun!!(: And it's so beautiful!!
You'll be in AZ 6/28 but I'm planning on going to the California dates too to follow you guys all the way til AZ. Sound good?
Texas tatted on my arm, got Houston on my back
Was out on the town but fighting the urge to rip off my clothes and dance naked under the moon was too much.
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.~ Eldridge Cleaver
you guys wanna play baseball? 😁
Ready or not here I come u cant hide!
RT : Great natural cooking products for the Holidays! Natural organic foods at the right price.
relearning an arrangement of a new song to track live tomorrow, going in to play mini drums with later, then recording tonight
Watching Firefly could be the best decision you'll ever make. My favorite Joss show.
"Lucy is a healthy, intelligent American girl, suffering from undigested reading..."-NOW I ASK YOU
congrats on your more than deserving #MVP award..!!
YOU look damn preettttyyy
...next time! glad you like :D
the jewish hymn adon olam has 5 verses and for (songwriting) balance you need a 6'th. easy enough to fill that in with na na nas....
ok so then my tweets should make u happy then!
Finally doing the twitter thing... check us out at www.distinctivedoorsllc.com
New Jersey- We are happy to announce that we can now be found Street Co-op in New Brunswick! RT if you shop there! #happysnacking!
You know your cousin may be a huge ass, but that won't change my opinion of you.
Marion Barber…"doubting Thomas?"
Social media class is very informative! A must if your looking to expand knowledge on social media.
Ft. myers bound.
at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology. Excellent speakers so far!
The Superior Man is modest in his speech and exceeds in his actions.....Smiles...DNicole
Average sale on a engagement rings 2,000 dayum
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!
GIRL WOO. U KNOW THATS NOT THE REASON U DNT BE GOING !!!
RT : I like OneNote a lot, esp for teaching. Microsoft Office online is also great but no BB app. I recommend One ...
hey chris!!
I'm gonna be honest. I'm struggling with your twitter profile pic.
Love when the rising sun turns all the clouds in the sky pink.
- you gonna be on at 9.30 or later? I have rehearsal til 10 but might try and swing by after....
reeeaaaally good!! raved
the highlight of my busy day was definitely the 5 minutes i spent with i missed that bitch
IDIOT TWITTER!!!! I'M ON FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!!!!!
imma come in there and punch you!
You got what's coming for you bra now that's
I could listen to paradise on repeat all day.
I'm dracula bitch!
Wow, these girls are smashed
Lil white Russian to put me to sleep.
It has been a CRAZY NFL season so far. How many of you out there are still alive in your fantasy leagues?
On the red carpet: 'Hunger Games' premiere Soon-to-be household name Jennifer Lawrence stunned in a metallic cut-out piece at the Hunger
congrats on a big step forward.
How long have you watched TV? "Breaking news" has long been used to label anything happening now. It's branding, not journalism.
is funny.
Good morning
Drunk on you <3
The Bible isn't the word of God; Jesus Christ is the Word of God. The Bible is an God-inspired narrative about the Word of God (Christ).
i just retweeted your last tweet (:
Really Cool! // RT : #EAA Pres./CEO Rod Hightower announces Young Eagles will expand to incl. adults, beginning Jan. 2012.
We are almost at 200 fans! Who will be next? Who will be the 1,000th fan??
being super lazy u
DYMO support is abysmal. I would rather toss this piece of crap DiscPainter than deal with them anymore.
In the studio with prodigy
My NBA wish list. I want the Memphis Grizzlies to have home-court advantage in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!
yes, yes it is!
Indy Civic Theatre is doing Into the Woods next year. This gives me 10 months to prepare my audition...
As you can see from the tweak to my handle, today I begin something new. Wish me luck!
I hid in the bathroom..
Change layout of the screen to keep participants engaged and change it up
I believe the famous banana will make an appearance Friday
#InTheSummer i wanna hit the beach with my babe 
If u wanna get an early start tomorrow hit me up... Drinks on drinks on drinks
Bought a scarf. And a sweatshirt. And a hat. And some more gloves. London is cold. And awesome.
thanks....I can't stand it when all the tracks are the same color...
Good Morning!
we still need him no matter what anyone says. He is a great leader and mentor for the rookies. Plus he can set everyone up
It is a venti pumpkin spice soy latte AMEN kind of day for me! Enjoy! '- )
Thanks for following --------> I will still be following everyone who follows her.
missing my wishing I was with her so she can cuddle with me :/
Going to start explaining everything better for my non-poker playing followers. Playing a $350 buyin tourney today at Harrahs nola.
Here's hoping I don't fall asleep in the middle of teaching this morning.
Clay lemme know if u saw my video think u would appreciate it
go Hoosiers! Thanks for the update. Sweet 16!
LOL same my tweets go to my phone tweet me from now on omg i miss you to death and not much i've been deceased so yeah
Especially this close to Graduation.
thanks love. I can't wait to see you. I miss you! Tell the fam happy easter!
Go kill yourself Britt...
just burnt my hand on the oven. :p
look west, front row M8
I swear no one loves me. I text my entire contact list and no one replies. Ugh.
Can you do some more tix giveaways? That would be awesome!
bring meth they will love you
o almost 800 followers (;
you were running around too much! i was going to, but move too fast.
You got an erection wearing basketball shorts?
The concert tonight was great. Can't wait for the album to hear my faves that weren't performed tonight!
Half our mistakes in life arise from feeling when we ought to think, and thinking when we ought to feel.
I've been following #2012c19 assiduously; thanks to all who've been covering the days, I feel I've gone to Cali in my mind.
im great, and you?
nice!! Have fun and be safe traveling!! Love you cuz!!
this world needs to kno !!
But I think she also is
Pretty sad that Chris Bosh has to get injured to be appreciated.
Jesus is not glorified by our “doing” things for him. He's glorified by our resting in and receiving what he’s done for us ()
library group discussed the same-no conf. center is currently connected enough
Thats pretty awesome! especially since its one of our old school stickers..
This tweet is about Funyons.
That Mariano Rivera injury looked bad. I'm no doctor but it really didn't look good.
I have a black baby....who knew.
Just a reminder, be sure to follow us on Facebook to keep up with all the current #RTSdeals!
Daddy bought me an iPad :D so stoked right now. Thank you Daddy <3
Lots of fun! Can't wait for the next RT : Thanks for coming out! Good to see you again.
Yes! It's The Hatter!
AGREED! RT : Tupac performing at coachella is probably the dopest thing I've ever seen in my entire life & I wasn't even there
Thanks for the follow :-) RA Conferences=making new friends #vrac2011 RT :
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great day
Watching Once Upon a Time, teaching 8 yr old Bob Fosse moves (aka MJackson), making spaghetti, 10 yr old making choc chips = awesome Monday
Arguing at times feels like we want to be more sure of our point. When we are sure we don't need to push our thoughts on anyone.
me too! I saw that tweet and went awww...
You ever have a singing florist drop by your office with flowers and a song? Never a dull moment around here!
WHO BEEN ACTING FUNNY ??? that's been u Smh
Are you tracking your company's social media trends? Use Twitter & FB tracking tools to ensure you're using these outlets effectively.
Why do men want to marry virgins? They can't stand criticism.
WTF? why the hell am i anxious?
With me at 10 bells but it won't be a good idea for me to drive it home. At all.
How many products does JLo endorse? Another commercial?
that's so great to hear. where are you located - we're planning a tour soon.
im not going. to pennsylvania.
#veryimportantpeople My MOTHER. I love you
I'd give up my hoes for the right man, o_O hm..
I got a Google wave invite- but didn't get a Google+ one-
Done “ follow back please?! :)”
The weather gets me excited to kick off the many projects #Fishers has planned this year. Exciting time for this growing community.
I NEED TO SEE THIS PICTURE. For educational reasons. ;) RT : lmfao not at all but goodness gracious TT
#20ThingsAboutMe people think im awful at keeping secrets, but Im not. I know a million things about myself and other people that they dont.
If a man smiles all the time, he's probably selling something that doesn't work. -George "The Truth Hurts" Carlin
that is so true....
Only one person wants to see an EXTREMELY rare picture of Austin?!
#YUCK I just ate KFC...i feel gross now.
newspapers! why aren't they dead yet?
Hope your shoulder is ok. You played great tonight, keep your head up still a long way to go this year.
#BurritoComa RT : That burrito just made me sleepy as hell
The #jets finally made a great pick - Robert Griffin of wait, the lineman, not
FSA rocked the VISA stage:) go Nathan!
Day almost over
RT : Gonna let the beat drop in the brewery today.
Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now. Ha
I hate when a girl tells me " I wish I could find a guy just like you".. Um...Im a guy...JUST LIKE ME!
Ps...had an amazing show tonight! Will post video tomorrow.
Sunshine, puppies, AND a Mom visit. I'm loving today!! Our door is all the way open pop in say hello and see all of our new goods <3
Save the Date everyone! Library Trivia Night hosted by ALASC and LISSA will be Thurs, Jan 26th, starting at 6pm at the Bell in Hand Tavern!
don't worry i stocked up on enough food!
Topics for today: the atomic bomb, the green revolution and the Alaskan highway. Ah! the miracles of science.
symposium: TJ River Watershed over 24k dairy cows and 300k dogs. What are water quality and health impacts?
why dont we just cut to the chase and have slick willy run again
Being broke keeps me active. Walking home; save $2.25
seeing quidam. Love the performers, but love the live musicians too!
how to reply to someone
you are kidding me!!!!!
Owning in #MW3!
he's barely as good as Bradley too.
I love your tweets
Happy New Year! May 2012 be all that you expect it to be!
Miss you all! Well, need to meet you first Stephen. And Matt, you're right there..
Yep! That is how I learned everything I know about CINAHL :)
if I have to pay $15 for my guest, I'll bring however many I want
'i miss my long hair' how about growing it then? that's what hair does
E!!! i heart the sweater vest! It's not intimidating, but it IS adorable. coming back in, too.
I joined the WiFi network via my Airport and entered new password, but am still getting "This we page is not available."
just signed on www.twtmuzik.com
I wish you'd left the Boehner in your toilet.
Looking forward to the golden nuggets
What's the difference between a motel and a hotel?
What a busy day at the clinic.
Oh gosh, me too. The spam is out of control in most places.
That. Plus, get behind the avengers and promethius.
Yes I got lucky today no passenger Yea
Dudez. Don't wait to get your sketchfest tickets! They're almost gone! Buy online @ stage773.com
Thanks you sir!
yup, that would eat it up
A good book but I'm still not sure David Starkey is the best basis for that sort of exceptional leap in historical judgment.
Hey, I watched the trailer for your book. Looks fun!
i dnt care what people have to say about me negatively, becuz i must be doing successful things in my life for them to hate. :)
painting on canvas for first time in about a year.
Today is my idgaf day...I deserve at least one every week so I'm playing that card today -_-
Drove through my first car wash today ((:
Okay well im going to bed becu i have school so ill talk to you tmrw..
RT RT : KP's #innovation team tells Aneesh Chopra that mobility sol's in health will be as revolutionary as PC
.. thx eb .. i'm excited .. gonna be learning to swing dance!! :-)
Soccer practice today (:
Instead of sweats, try working out in cute tennis skirts. Your legs will look a mile long!
Well, missing those opportunities in 1st half did us in.
thanks for the follow
follow me back
Instead of saying musician, I am gonna say melody architect from now on.
yeah that's exciting:)!!
If a pig knows karate, does that make him a pork chop?
New Lil Wayne Album is
Hospitals most likely use social media for marketing, mainly because of regulations and malpractice liabilities
No sir..I doubt it
Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted.
Join us tonight for 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts. Bring your pup in for a treat too!
I'm also digging that new profile pic. Very pensive.
This is music to our ears! 50% of the teachers who responded to our survey say they are saving over 2 hours a week because of LiveSchool.
don't worry bout me
I am so happy right now! <3
“: 4 hours and we're still standing! I think my favorite out of the 20 courses was the clambake”
You're not a kind person.
Can't get into Brendan Burchard's SOLD OUT Experts Academy event in San Jose Sept 8-11? I have one ticket at a massive discount.
Well.... Might have to postpone the wedding. 
-the elevator opens and I walk into my apartment- this is my place!
Off to Thailand & Vietnam for bachelor party . People, are you ready for us?
I know bro 
men are such dogs
:) RT : Listen for my radio spots. Hope that my vocal contribution brings happiness to the company & their fans!
Thank you very much!
Good! i dont know why i just hate them ! haha
“: If you don't fuck with Childish Gambino then you a #lame” I don't fuck dudes
good afternoon miss and sir, how r y'all this evening?
w00t to the new followers! @
of course!
See you soon! RT : we'll be there! enjoy :)
The entire world doesn’t revolve around donkeys and elephants. - Andy Berg. Great quote!
Lmfao its ridiculous!
Took exam that said 2 begin after reading all instructions. The last instruction said you don't need to take the test and passed psych exam
On the set if new orleans pie
ur website, blog, Facebook page, and Twitter account should all reflect a highly knowledgeable, highly professional, trustworthy- What does
Open up the content and monetize Later.
On the hill talking to the 112th Congress today. Have you made your voice heard? Call 18558773783 to
...still thinking abt something I heard last week- is it the case that whatever we're doing, whatev is normative just gets called "theory"?
I THROW MY SPANISH IN THE AIRR SOMETIMES SAYIN AYOOOOOO, no comprendo!
Dudes in high heels not cool but my dj Ross young is!
woe i havent been on here in awhile it seems like i;ve missed everything
I have to admit, I'm a die-hard Coca Cola fan too. But I'll take Pepsi's $50k if I can get it! :)
I want to know exactly how you can make a kid stay in #school until he/she #graduates or turns 18.
Country music guys: Stop wearing the cowboy hats! You look *riduculous*. Seriously.
Glad you're safe and sound. I felt good knowing you were in Nashville for a few days, though!
IDK WTH is on HBO but this show "Cathouse:come to the party" is the real deal ....
Congratulations to Gwen Johnson for receiving the MBA of the Year Award for the Milwaukee Chapter!
Next stop, Chicago. Then on to the Buckeye State!
It's the same old story, love gets gory.
where have you been? Does that boy have you chained in a closet or something?
Cool...thanks!!!
Feel like lent is here...why do you come by the Hawthorne BV and donate a $1 or more to the Muscular Dystropy Association!
I just want today and tomorrow to fly by so i can have my weekend with mike.
IG WAD LITERALLY LIME THIRTY SECONDS BUR U XNA
hmm, just wondering if you knew
That was an embarrassing topic to tweet rather than search for. Looking for news on his Ryan flipflop.
the one a few weeks ago about social media.
North county family blames sheriff's dept. for son's death Saturday at Vista jail; will pay for independent autopsy.
at least you won't be unemployed in Greenland!
it wasn't to bad getting into zionsville, but there was definitely traffic haha
You know how the old saying goes..."FIrst they came for the cider, and I said it wasn't a craft beer..."
I hope everyone has a wonderful Christmas eve, as well as an awesome Christmas day!
#cisummit most of the $gains by an average fam in last 10yrs has been eaten up by health care costs
BWW JR: NEWSIES- Still Fierce - Broadway World
it&#39;s not that bad! I like it:) however you now look as if you&#39;re a younger version of yourself:P
Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset. retweet. G.Union
Samuel! Glad to have you here on #InternPro!
CJ is starting tomorrow for the Angels not Jerome Williams, right?
If you are a native Spanish or French speaker and would be willing to translate the 27 strings in our #Android app, please let me know!
Joined the Android world! Really liking the HTC Incredible so far.
Niggas can be so full of it.
I will do anything to make my true love smile.
I love you ♥
Eating at the Okra Grill with Mom...doesn't get much more southern than this :) yum!
Joshua 1:8 = Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; #meditate on it day & night...then you will be prosperous & successful.
cnt wait till 2nite. Will B on the beach.
and both won a FREE opp day app. Email me at and I will send it right over.
sounds like you need a decoder ringtone.
Working 1-7 at , come keep me company y'all.
Thanks man. It was good times indeed. Tonight will be just as epic. Looking forward to seeing you perform
this summer , want to read the Patrick Melrose novels by Edward St Aubyn.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks! RT #Volunteer friends are the best
Da person dat sleep on da right side of da bed makes da most money. Person on da left is da happiest... So true
Finally.... Back home!
Looks very enticing!
even Better if they Preempt dancing w stars
Well played today my friend. Thanks for jumping in! RT “: Always a great time with #GameOn”
I'm in a fuck you you filthy bitch kinda mood...!!!
ravioli filled with puree of cauliflower/roasted garlic/celeriac and some peas. Topped with peas, favas + morels and asparagus-pea "cream"
That seems logical, considering that's the usual number of parents to have.
That sounds so freaking awesome!!
The weed be lettin' you know... evil lurks.
Are you ok? Is the bike ok? Did the LAPD arrive and inform you you weren't hit by a car?
Thanks for the RTs and see you guys on 5/21 for the content migration meetup w/ !
Stop saying crazy things. Rondo is a very good point guard. Nowhere close to the best in basketball.
she's cool. Am I supposed to not?
Congrats to on his submission victory at #ucmma yesterday, keep flying the predator flag! Oussu!
Is it worth me asking what the score is anyone?
Definitely the 2nd one!
Oh good lord it's good to be off planes. Hello Baltimore.
Bread, olive oil, balsamic. Does it get any better?
Starting Strength is great bed reading. 50 pages just on deadlift form.
“: Excellent job Kirk! Hope you enjoyed! Positive feedback from many listeners!! :)” Thanks I had a grate time!
Yeah! The neighborhood would totally welcome sand vb with Underdog. The Inaugural Goose Hollow VB Bash. Sounds nice you thing?
reminds me about growing up in Germany before bakeries became commercialized.
judas priest. whatever you do, do NOT buy an hero. worst phone ever in the history of telecommunications. better off with cups & string
so close but so far "uh oh! Can't connect to user proxy server
Very close to being back in Milwaukee. Very happy!
It's always nice to know you have nobody to go to in life. Yay me!
Take that down. babe it was a joke
I don't know, but when we do DEFINITELY bring a huge cup of Starbucks so the waitress yells at us. Definitely.
Via and , the Rustie Essential Mix is indeed bonkers.
RT If you want me to list you in my Joe Jonas Lover List , I will pick 10 random people
I remember being nauseated by the canned pears in Hand Maid's Tale a hundred years ago. Hideous view of dystopia.
I'm soo glad my boyfriend isn't hairy!
GM! Thanks for RT! Peace & Blessings...
1? get a sitter? Or don't come?
wow ur that cold?
LOL at people in school and I'm laying in bed. Enjoying my day off~
Fun! Share when you're done please!
The pronunciation was right, just the spelling.. almost always C instead of Q in espanol. :D
I also had a 2 year old assistant
IDK how i'm going to live through the next 3 weekends. My body needs to step its game up.
Going out for a sunday drive with the family in 1955 Bel-air
Polar Bear Rodeo!! Heck yes!
Roll pass my way I'll give you everything, just bring a usb or somn ": Possible tonight y whats up?
thanks thats a huge help!
iPhone is goin dead 😞
Music is why I live!! Thank you
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways BE PROUD TO CLAIM U AND LET IT BE KNOWN WHO U R
i'm on the live webinar now... will share the link once the archive is up.
Get ready to sound like you know what you're talking about, While You were Sleeping is up next..
Is alligator always chewy? I tried it over the weekend and wasn't impressed :/
Black Hollywood Weekly w/ on ! We have HOT topics & a special viewer will WIN our "Viewer of The Week" Tune in 7pm/pt
Can say that my love for fashion, shopping, and creativity has been taken to a new height with the help of xo
If my realtor wrote me on Tuesday saying she'd call me tomorrow and now its Thursday and still nothing, when should I call her???
Bird wont even let me stay n da bed he tol me i cn slp at da H.O.R um no yall just gt baloo ass u aint finna get me
Done. Check your inbox.
Coffee and a good book on the deck. I love mornings in central OR.
ok you totally know me!!! I try to live by that.
My man when are you coming back to Niagara Falls. Best be soon
Im jealous!!
us too! We get there frequently. Enjoy! Give a wink to for me ;)
Thank you! I make You Tube Videos.♪ Check it out!!!!!!!
Blood orange cider sounds good.
HAHA OMG I GET TO GO TO MY CABIN I CANT WAIT
I just wanna say I wish it was a common thing to walk around naked.
Today I worked with a little boy with #Autism that could not see the difference between the colors black and white. Any suggestions?
I am ss done
RT : Asbury Agile shirts were from Talk to them - great insight on their products/quality/etc. Service++
Absolutely loving the fans because of the #StarWars #Crew96 threads. You all truly
Watchin the temptations and I'm about to make some waffles.....
An exhibition of Weegee photographs opens tomorrow at the White Box. First Thursday 6-9 p.m. bit.ly/bRHOTx
Leaders listen and make connections
Got them! (Either their free, or are free today while I'm at Uppsala U).
Every girl out there is beautiful! I'm serious!
Laugh your heart out! It is good for you and it makes you feel good!
Acoustic show TONIGHT at w/ && more! Music starts @ 7:30
PBTC's "Pay What You Can" night is tonight! If you've been yearning for some culture but are short on cash, see our one-act plays! :)
#SandyBealesAsdaDeals trend it :) x
Not one morsel has crossed my lips, I think it's time to eat. Damn. See what creativity does?
no im not.
I bet it did. Doesn't matter now. All up to you. Good luck in SF. RT : felt like an eternity.
oh I didn't mean it like that! ( but I'm sure others have used it for that!)
I'm not even home yet and my mom is trying to get rid of me!
when this thing kicks off it a guaranteed book deal haha. Takes some convincing haha
Seriously, earth to the people that understand football...Who would you rather have over myself as Chief Offensive Genius of the Ravens?
#dirtyjokethursday {What is better than a cold Bud?} /// [A warm bush.]
I can't help with the Provel at the moment, but I posted a thin crust pizza recipe on FB. Tasty!
Recommended by Susan Metros: Lateral Thinking by Edward De Bono 1 of 3
love that! Reminds me of the Tast D-Lite loyalty program. Simple, easy & effective.
I'm not a breakfast eater but you can't go wrong with a soup and sandwich lol
actually its more of a spanglist... half english half spanish... haha
Drive-in Theatre
Facebook needs a Drama of the day section in my news feed.
Creating estimates and marketing, marketing, marketing
broke out my new $30 parka. got mustard on it.
Some @ Occupy Madison site talked of moving to vacant lot on S Park St if evicted today. That lot is fenced, barricaded w no trsps signs
Thanks! Have a wonderful day!
ready to hear it.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
So close. Then they became Tom Hayden, Robert Scheer,and Chris Hedges instead. Or worse. Quan. :P
. I've long thought calling it "marriage" is disrespectful to agnostics and atheists. It should have another name.
nothing says the home state like the giant phallic symbol as you cross the state line.
Please tell Whip NEVER to compare Kerry Wood to Scottie Pippen in ANYWAY!!! Shame on Whip!
... and speaking of freefall what the heck happened at the Code Enforcement meeting today?
not sure about greatest (your kids might beg to differ), but it's pretty awesome.
My neighborhood smells like Jolly Ranchers tonight. I picked a great night to go on a long walk.
The Warriors will end up in SF someday. Ed Lee's just being a politician.
iCloud is completely messing me up with my google integration... Im wondering if I need google stuff anymore! But I love it..
Some people create their own storms, then get upset when it rains!
Somewhere in the middle. Seemed like they tried a little too hard to push the envelope.
anyone want to cuddle? :P
did u call karen?
The signed for another 2 years. I wonder whose reign will last longer - Castro or David Letterman?
Michael O'Malley just announced a new journal for short and interactive publications: "American History Now."
so much work!! no time for anything fund these days.
thank you :)
Congratulations for winning 3rd Place in the stroller category for the 2011 Parenting Awards! Thanks for voting!
Ha! Sorry Brookman, I luv ya, but the Packers are on FIRAH!!! GO PACK GO!!
haha I hate you! I shoulda deleted that when I had the chance!
quit doing rails on school nights.
Will do, knew something was a little suspicious.
You shouldn't keep things from me. That's annoying.
Thanks so much! Hugs back! :)
Bout ready to go eat dinner!! 🍴
Indigo Tree Publishing recognizes that the China market is the new frontier and, arguably, perhaps even the future of books and publishing.
Check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 or post on our Facebook wall.
Please retweet: go to chamillionaire.com and download "Major Pain 1.5" real fire plus it's free !
I'd rather be normal for sure!
Dude was flirting with my baby & I had to warned him, if he continued... he'd have to come home with us to take care of us both. He stopped.
If you are an emotional eater, then seek out techniques to help control the tendency to reach for food when you’re feeling blue.
Getting excited for tonights meeting with ! Learn how to #Brand Yourself at 7 in CMU 126! See you there!
Where's Pedro Noguera?
"I can give you a six-word formula for success: "Think things through then follow through." ~ Edward Rickenbacker
you're a minority
After a fabulous time in Quebec City and amazing night at Domaine La Guadelupe we are back in the states and traveling home. Pics soon...
#ThatHeartBreakingMoment when you realize it's never going to be the same between you and your ex that you still love.
Hudson is hysterical on the weekends
you're welcome! :)
Did you mean: other yucky things
I like sliders
you do realize how many snarky responses this should engender?
Granted, Tom was trying to eat Jerry. But all Jerry had to do was move out. Didn't they live in California? Not like it was cold outside.
Let's go Blue!
I want a phone to ring and to not know who is calling until I pick it up
No worries. I am an official book club delinquent, so there's that. :-)
Harden needs to snap!
“: Sky is the limit. But what about space???” the sky never ends so there is no limit
which city is it in? And are you there promoting your comic and they aren't paying you?
yeah, I was just about to reply that it updated. Now that you deleted, my fork is no longer a fork
Thanks for al the follows everyone! just ask for a follow back ♥
I failed to show up again...long night last night. Make sure to update me with quotes :)
"I've had enough, now I'm so fed up,Time to put my life back together right now"
Breaking: Tom Shadyac to shoot Zed Almighty starring Bobcat Goldthwait in stereoscopic 3d simultaneously with Bruce Almighty sequel.
This feels weird. Its like I am just going through the motions. I hate this feeling.
listening to your new album, LOVE IT! So powerful and inspiring; thank u 4 helping me 2 focus on what's really important! :)
I miss my bestfriend from my old neighborhood ! I hope me && him get to hang out today!!
MT : Fun during work is a must. Group lunches, taking time to celebrate successes, small ways to prevent burn-out
Will the Merc replace you?
Grrr... will be away for as well as
Happy hour is right around the corner!!! Come down to the #firestonedistrict and see what's going on & !
Self-made
It's not very often that positive stats & the Pittsburgh Pirates are used in the same sentence. Good look!
I would appreciate it if you followed me without calling me out my name PLEASE...
working out which bar to sponsor at GDC... any ideas please?
!! RT : Either a chatbot has fooled every judge in the Turing test at the Loebner Prize, or the organiser has made an error.
Goodbye my looooooovvvveeee
I know, The "WTF" was directed to the "Paul Troll" LoL
Thanks! Yeah my mom has no faith in people who "Tweetie" stuff!
This is a repeat of wonky canda!!
Colleague told me to apply to a conf. I might not be able to afford to travel to, noting that I could always decline and put it on my CV.
These days you can't pay nobody to be Real.
haha you're awesome. I KNOW. i do wanna meet you too! it will happen someday.
this video made me realize something.. ugghhh
Congrats on winning a copy of THE BLOOD LIE! DM me an address and I'll ship the book out to you.. Thx! --Elena
I'm.... That will be TBA lmao lilac and burnt orange could work............
Just did some analytics of our customer data using Spotted some new trends #selfservicebi Do you use the software you sell?
true true that im sure ur 100% ..it ll never chance doe..maybe the bullying mite stop but the acceptance wont
2012 Green Bay Packers Draft Picks: Fan’s Reaction
It definitely is. I have conversations with nonprofit people all the time about how foreign having adequate funding seems.
We lost 3 students in a car crash in New Zealand yesterday.
If that funkytown debate sketch went on for an hour I'd have stuck with it. Wonderfully silly.
When you're feeling down, look around and see how far you've come and smile knowing you did your best.
setting up for my presentation CORPORATE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
No you may not make out with my friend but yes pay for my drinks all night long
hey buddy
So i watchd cyberbully such a good movie made me cry!
We shld totally play laser tag.
Shout out and for the impromptu twitter lesson. All set to tweet about #tedxusc 2012
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Biggest Stories Online?
and when you watch the match and listen to the cometary there isn't an ounce of sexuality implied ....
cosmotology isn't a degree and neither is McDonald's hamburger university.
Ready for tonight's concert in a couple of hours at Bulverde.lets go out there and get it rocking.i am in the mood-dzago chatsama
you'll find chasing the sun.
YES MT If Philadelphia A's wear throwbacks, shouldn't Bob Melvin manage the game in a 3-piece suit & straw hat?
I just saw a commercial for Missing, in which Ashley Judd is NOT WEARING A FLOPPY HAT!
is at the #lawac event to speak on #socent ! So excited to be here along w/ #excited !
so cool!
A university is a college with a stadium seating over 40,000
Get me out of Kansas. No disrespect, just need to see things again. Anything.
I just came across your blog - such a great resource for introverts! Have u covered networking for introverts?
RT 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope, and Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope, and no Cash.
(Good Morning- Let's make it a Great1 2day)...the success that GOD has invested into you, is one of his Greatest interest*
RT : Thank you and Jay Strack for sharing tonight
I feel great today!!
Good, good choice on your first visit. Thanks so much for making your way here!
Just finished up with the leadership institute at ACA #MidStatesConf An awesome morning of discussions.
not sure why it still said cnb tonight but we're certainly home and not playing tonight haha. just plottin.
Last day at PFSWeb sad but enjoyable!
Panera date with #yes :)
Ohs I see. It's also called Million Dollar Lake 'cause a bunch of rich older people live hurrr.
Get your shit straight... and you're set.
What time tonight, sir!?
Wow Top 5 nomination - brilliant, going on my CV - Fingers crossed and thx for the RT
lmao I already have son! But yeah ima go visit a few girls
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
If you cant laugh at yourselfDont worry! I do it for you ;D
is any celebrity or friend or one of my followers that is in St.Tropez cause I am, I am hanging around next to the V.I.P room of St.Tropez
Learning is active; something professionals do - life-long, development passive, done to professionals
support the idea that everyone should play each event in so many years to support sponsors
FUCK YOU TWITTER!!! ALL DELAYED AND SHIT!
Having Supper at the Old Fashion!
(and peppermints from the peppermint lady)
one of my favorite quotes - its my email tag.
"Coming Soon" sign coming soon. --David
Good times at North Allegheny HS during our workshop this afternoon.
#Nf thanks for the Follow! I'm honored. GOD bless!☺
HELP, Still on the quest to fight a foundation that does not look pink/red/ orange on me in the sun FYI I have gold/brown undertones ideas??
I wanna grow old;& still be with the person i fell in love with;& married:))</3
Can't wait to watch teen hoot tonight <21 (:
What up
had a good run. They hit for some 4's and 8's that got us down early but we kept pretty good pace shot for shot
Hey DM me your number...I gotta tell you something
Hot girl on the El, and she's reading Harry Potter? Me think I'm in love.
GOsh, everyone in my timeline, adores you. AMEN! ;) lool
You're welcome! Excited to see more of your work. Congratz! RT : Thanks so much!
Now an older man that I'm attracted to... That's a different story. Lol
Wondering if I should feel like a nerd for loving Wiffle-ball so much?
RT : thx for the RTs of the travel insurance...
Is there any other type?
Feeling down now that MCA has passed.
Thank you all who auditioned yesterday. It was a great turnout and we look forward to contacting those who we will be moving forward with!
RT : One Less Car in SF - Just took another step towards #BetterWork & got rid of the wheels - looking frwd 2 setting up...
Music is a Mission, Not a competition
I've never done that! Ouch!
Seen Blake #Griffin dunking over car commercial? That's some pre-planning in #DunkContest. That's exactly whats wrong with
#BlackBoyProblems can't get a cab at night
wanna be my #StuddyBuddy 😜
Congrats to L-ville... sometimes a team just has your number. Kinda like we have w/ L-ville Basketball.
Xianity140: Adam&Eve hungry so we=sinners. JC died&rose so we=saved. Is God3in1/Bible true/Kingdom coming/Pope Catholic? Believe/Love! Ahh!
Hello Everyone, Come out Thursday night Feb 2, and join me in concert "unplugged". click on my events for more detail.
sad day
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: the Spicy Pickle.
Thanks Diaspora' for sharing the trailer of our film in your community!
hahaha, thats funny! :) i would totally say something like that. A lot of my friends dont like him :( it makes me sad
Somebody need to shut this nerd up
RT : Looking forward to tonight! See u there
Come see me tonight 4pm #FREE #Wine Tasting 1441 E Russell Milwaukee!
Under 50? You have been robbed by liberal boomers via lavish US deficits. Stop US nanny state spending. Obama has no plan. Throw him out!
omg u sound like a commercial lol
Don't know who is? You're stupid and need to go check them out now.
You no longer need a security escort to reach the #GT Archives. Just enter through the front door btw Crosland Tower & the Hinman Bldg.
No sellout yet, tickets still remain but have really moved the last 2 weeks. Going to be a great game with a great crowd!
heartbreaking! We need a T Martin FOUNDATION!!! to work to stop this from recurring
