More updates from #usairguitar please!
Same here. That's why I want to know what's out there. NO TIME to reinvent the wheel when it comes to #firstgen issues!
I'm an auntie again! Welcome to the world little girl.
GOT time! been lookin forward to this all week
Huge thanks for the opportunity! Hope you're enjoying the day. :)
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. Albert Einstein
Ha! Yeah. That's where I've been with the Yanks/TB series too. What else can we do... Go Yanks, beat TB!
How are y'all mahomies (: ?
Is RIM inherently this dumb and obtuse? No need for personal contact. Just put key info on web site. Need BB parts?: call x
still have to get over there! Sounds delicious!
Yeah, buddy. RT : Congrats on officially being signed,
Thanks so much! Love the article!!!
Alright, we need more followers. this is stupid. SHOUT OUTS guys(:
mike will always have my heart
Oh that is so very sad. But!!!! We can convert him into the Cupcake Worship Clan!
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me. Please retweet and follow me.
program committee meeting in NYC across from ground zero on 9/11. good ideas flying on a somber day.
I missed you too! Can't wait till tom. Hugs!
No i NEED to. I didn't make/get you anything ): me and arianna felt soo bad D;
when i say jump you say how high? and when i say go we go all night.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
facebook account was hacked again!!! Not sure if i sent anything out yet but beware of Jordans
When falecia singing to you over the phone...
just watched Halloween 2 with friends and im still shaken. i hate scary movies sometimes lol
RT : Later Lovelies ! This day is precious !
Gotcha, keep an eye out for stuff on , many good leagues in that range run on there
Why would I want search engine results from other countries? I don't!!!
Donation Based Polarity for March: 3/19, 3/22, 3/26. Contact to book or for questions. Feel free to pass along.
Think outside the box, then rape the box, shit in the box and light it on fire, then rape it again.
yeah, I'd be opposed to the bailout of football teams!
Finally home from #YEC I had an awesome
woke up early for no reason , errgghh :l Good Morning :D can't wait for today ! ♥
Free screening tonight: The Avengers at AMC Northpark. There's probably people waiting in line now.
Thanks! Oprah is amazing!
Dancing to P!nk in my underwear! Woohoo!
"40 mins in the playoffs is the same as 40 mins in the regular season." - LeBron. I've identified the problem, as NBA games are 48 mins long
Mine does this: <---there is hope for our society after all!
JUSTICE guaranteeing that no person is mistreated & also guaranteeing that the person that needs help the most gets the most help.
That's all folks 
Voting patterns support that trend. Will be interesting to see how that shakes out for Obama.
i can't "analyze" a quote to save my fucking life
Chillin with the sister in B-town....
only memories of you Jerome. And all fond ones.
new to twitter and just learned about it on the news
The NEH favicon is now live -- thanks.
If #Knicks Dont Win The Early Bird Rights We Still Can Keep Lin Regardless We Can Match Any Offer But We Probably Gon Lose Novak & JR.
same here, and same question
The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill - cute movie.
You're welcome, glad it was useful, and a drink would be lovely.
It makes a difference. I improved my work wardrobe years before I applied and received my first supervisory position.
How do you pronounce Zotero? Is it Zotero or Zotero. I guess it's a tomato/tomato kind of thing...
o aight coo, i'm a hit you up !
Check out Amazon, iTunes and your On Demand cable service for A Bird Of The Air
awesome. Great reply!
yes I know! Freakin hurricanes lol will keep u updated!
973 squad up
Every time I wash my car it rains...hm I should wash my car more often ;-)
tried to tweet to Justin, computer went crazy, tried on my ipod and it died... Wow Nothing can handle
Holmes on Homes is great!... for Canadians. #insidejokebetweenmeandmikeholmesfans?
oh no! mega liquids, rest, and call the doc. oh wait, you already know that, Nurse Rizeq:)
No pity. How 'bout a spank?
im doing much better..if that is what you are asking.
follow back?? ;)
Fabulous afternoon with educators from rural schools...great discussion with their admins this evening...but glad to finally be home.
since I'm @ the potawatomi buffet I won't b joining ur #fufat group
I don't remember shit but that -___- haha you kept saying I was half naked that whole night tho!/: lol
Recording a full length album for Aly Jayne! Listen for it in the coming months...
Rain or shine, it will be fine. See you tonight, 5 'til close.
It's 1 of the rare few days a year I wake up early lol ;-D
The Lure Lounge..in chinatown
Why is it the I run out of batteries when I'm in the Presidential suite of the recently closed Sahara Hotel?!?!
Bummer of a brat fry day, but booth between Peck and MEL still going strong
I swear. If my dad calls Cody Simpson gay ONE MORE TIME, I just might have throw a brick through the wall.
please tell me you're not a Michigan men's basketball fan.
wait how is the weekend over so fast.
Great article. Thanks for including us!
Deadly Spawn is a hoot
any artists/labels/ promo companies got a mailing list? hit us up, we are down to support!
just saw concert dates....Frankie Beverly and Maze at DTE on July 13th
great food last week event!! Yummy!!
thanks, Cindy! Is that your Derby hat?
unfortunately not yet. We are however working on it. :)
So to my name is now derek meredith? Newsflash 2 me
You know what be awesome? A Christmas Story / Avengers crossover event.
... and then go over to #AmexBestBuy and buy a new flat screen tv.
the initial one would be $30 (design setup, etc) - email me the logo at & we can get started!
Go Yankees all the way!!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson I love BooBear because its obvious he loves the boys so much! :)
Go, , go! On pace for a 3:10 at the today.
I hope that realizes after seeing himself what am immature, racist snot he is. The rest of the men have no balls
Hey how are you. Nice Blog! Follow Back :-)
Are u Mac 10's lil bro
Well, were you following them back?
#peopleneverchange so true
We're at #SMCF2012 over at Austin Community College Eastview Campus! Stop by and Check us out! (we are across from Social Media Club )
Aside from the obvious health reasons, we have the probably even more obvious aesthetic reasons
#RestlessRascals are in
Wishing Everyone a Happy New Year and a wonderful 2012
he makes a nice tuna casserole…so you are in good hands.. : )
lol must be! i do the same thing. :)
Ghana was the better team today.
that's a lovely new profile picture. You look adorably trapped.
Reuse dryer lint and cotton from pill bottles to start campfires or fireplaces.
God love the out-of-the-blue donor calls offering $10K gifts.
What's on your mind?
Does that mean your not coming anymore
ill see you tomorrow! really wanted to make it today
Some lady is staring at my mom eat O_O wtf...
not from where I'm standing.
#Facebook's buying #Instagram?! Damn! FB ruins everything! They better not ruin or kill Instagram. Love it so!!
#SinceWeBeingHonest sometimes I look in all the wrong places .
Thanks, just found out this weekend!
yeah at blades in Rio Rancho
ITS FRIDAY !! ANOTHER DAY CLOSER TO VACATION <3
weird, vinnie actually looked good last night.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 50
Beerframe! Very nice....
Gov Brownback and his staff lost all command for respect by going after a teenage critic. #heblowsalot is funny
man fuck instagram shit dosent even load fast anymore and everybody just uses it for fame now
nice... my grade went up to a C! i'm praying to god i do good on the final, i want a B minus. correction: i NEED a B minus
I'm going to have a good weekend, I am not trying to worry about what everyone else is doing.
": The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me. Psalm 138:8 #PraiseTheLord"
our SJ was rapping SJ's lines when they were in the truck in the movie.
Exactly not even a slap on the wrist. Can't say the same for Mota of the Giants...100 games for his 2nd steroid offense!
RT : Paul Pierce Tebows. This game has hit rock bottom.
nope! i think it was 's!
miss u to sis, what are you doing for the summer
More Cold Rock editing this morning, then meetings in afternoon on e-publishing. Here's to a productive day, everyone.
Thank you! It's always good to hear from someone who has experience. A tiny bit of blood is fine too, yes? cc:
I'm actually tweeting... It's been awhile...
My gym routine IS my marketing strategy - but why am I not seeing any lift?
Looking for disruptive, investment-ready, for-profit social entrepreneurs that can scale. May have an investment opportunity for you. DM me.
I come home for like 3 weeks then have to go back for work outs. Are you gonna be at Western or home?
History in the making RT: Good news.Bob arum agrees to the random testing.
Did you know? you can get 2 for 1 drink specials in the bar?
have two none working og one's tho
For crying out loud, _another_ week off? Your staff must love having so much paid time off. What a gig.
Say what you mean and mean what you say for goodness sake
“: I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.”
I have never known what the hell was in my future. As a poor boy, that has been my strength. Pity those who think they know their future.
How exciting!
I just wanted to go to school today ):
debatable! where is up north!?
Seems to be a business meeting.
Okay, I've watched videos about the Indoctrination Theory & if it's true. I take back everything I've said about ME3's ending.
Do we need anymore proof that the NL is worse than the AL? Just look at what Brad Penny did tonight.
happy to be here for you!
Perhaps more interesting: Most common meter across Iliad and Odyssey: All-dactyls: 7600 lines. Single spondee in the second foot has 5700.
With all the "reality" shows, why not one for TV/FILM writers trying to break in to the biz?
Fuck yes tomorrows friday.
1.32 for bacon! Wtf pigs be pricey these days
Happy mothers day! 
good and you?
Best of luck for this evening's Pay-Per-View Eric. Our best to the family. Here's to positive vibes cross the board for everyone!
No Bopper and Mark :'(
Ran a strange but kickass Oly + powerlifting meet today. Congrats to all lifters. Time for more beer ...
See you in Columbia, restaurant recs welcome!
Goodnight,sweet dreams xoxox
Papa johns at my front door, with Marvel NCR about to begin. Lets go!
I definitely agree! Was a huge fan of the cartoon. It was my early introduction to David Warner (he voiced Alpha). -Michael
you better!
Woman who are book & street smart >
When will you notice me..? Today? anyday? someday?
You better switch sides and bELIeve in I'm excited for my very first football game!
My contacts are bothering me >.<
Rise and Grind! Have a nice day. :)
Of course right after i shower , my bus calls to say its not running
they work you, anything to bring ya down, smh
nope havent been sence december but im moving with my sis n i think i flunked so if you in 8th grade n less you cant go to
Not supposed to use a cell phone near a gas pump either. :O) “: buying gas at the time”
Seidio Innocase Extended Rugged Hybrid Case & Holster for HTC EVO (Black) better than the otterbox defender
They're all probably in the nosebleeds. Too poor for club level.
CISV followed me to Pittsburgh!! Cannot wait for programs next year
The less people in your cipher, The less people to decipher.
hello my bro!! How are you?:)
he'll get it! :p haha it's me!
were you nervous before you got back on the ABDC stage again?
Sunday's Best!
be gentle with me, I'm new and fragile
What happened in sports this weekend? How about the (near) perfect NBA Playoff game? And, not a soul but the #DigSportsDesk even noticed.
we found love in a hostess cake!
Watching Toy Story 3 and all i can think of is and
Preparing for blast off!!
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. ~Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Drop by Booth C-3 for a free gift, prizes, and information about the 2012 Martin Institute Conference.
Before you write the program, write a poem about what the program does.
That was a test to see if your a last word freak failed
Jim Buckley (protest candidate) is pulling 39% of the vote in his race against Donna Seidel.
Fuck it, ripped tights are stylish, yeah? YEAH.
has a cute ass forehead.
I have to give credit to my friend for that term, but sounds like fun, right? I can't wait to go back to the store! Haha
OK, so it hasn't been every day, but I am on my way. Whip up some Queen City Cayenne, stat!
Random Ohio location.
I don't think anyone can.
LA get ready... is spinning live ! It's Friday 13th & raining, time to party!
It's ridiculous how much I'm enjoying this tomato lecture.
#echelon3000 this Thursday With Meek Mill live MMG TAKEOVER #teamselfish ladies free all night
Where's my game ball? :).
What in hell is Newt doing at a FAMILY Forum debate? Is he the "exception" to the rule? Watching how these idiots plan a theocratic U.S.
I shall be reposing upon my fainting settee, should anyone need me.
Woo! For #islands tonight at #mississippistudios Yayaya! &
I have two - Monks' Wit & local-to-PA Jack's Hard Cider. Given my usual tastes, liking both of these surprised even me!
I just had a dream and I met(: I think I cried when I woke up and realized that never will happen. #simpsonizerfamily 143
its coast
A Scene Aesthetic playing tomorrow at shadowplay lounge! doors open at 4PM, $12, 8 other bands playing! going to be huge, tweet 4 more info!
MT : MD Anderson welcomes AT&T to announce their $1mill gift to telesurgery program. Presentation starts at 10am.
Game 1 was bad, but we made a bit of a comeback; game 3 is looking the worst of all--embarrassing actually. C's need to rally!
miss it;)
Not sure this counts but I'm a voice coach w/openings for new students - as long as I'm teaching I don't need a day job! :-)
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrday </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wnna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
“: #WTF glad i don't use BofA // Bank of America is going to charge $5 a month for the convenience of using ATMs?” bait and switch
Just finished watching a Fab Five special on Made me love Steve #Fisher even more.
Rock Flag and Eagle!
Ya. I just bought myself flowers. :)
I'm with on this one. His opinions about sports figures r too strong considering his background.
On set all day filming Pioneer Commercial!!
Cant wait for Wednesday- beach day(;
Did you know that when you exercise your stem cells turn into bone cells instead of fat?
is there a adapter needed to plug in the car and recharge?
yea it is realy good
oops...there I go being accidentally insensitive to total strangers again. I'm really not a jerk.
Slut? Kyle, you shouldn't talk about yourself like that.
I've always wanted to do a cruise anyway, and when I saw the clubs on board? I was like, "Okay, I can avoid kids there!" LOL
I wish u would run me over with that bus of yours, so i wouldn't have to listen to you.(:
#ICantStandWhen I am forced to be around someone who thinks they are above others.
Roads are slick, lots of cars sliding into the ditch. No major injuries reported yet.
There is an old man in Meijer unsuccessfully driving a motorized cart. He's hit me twice and I apologize to HIM! He's still following me...
At the crib writing for this ill collab with
Bernard the #BudgetBear is going to change the way your kids think about money.
Time for Netflix and bed. :)
who would you pick up from FA Tashard Choice (have felix and didnt get murray) or johnny knox?
Valentines Day... The celebration of love, and sex.
Can't get to the nail shop quick enough!
lol! What... speed?! She b movin
I was about to say!!!
MT “ MLS should differentiate from the standpoint they need to SUPPORT [video]. We have to go around them to make it work #revideo”
you did not shave your head.....
she is darling! She will be a very beautiful bride! What a wonderful couple!
ohh so thaatttsss what you and Taylor do when you hangout.. practicing? ;D
We are looking forward to seeing all of you at #BIGIDEA. Beer, Wine, Food, and #NOLA entrepreneurs!
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge."
they get HD yet?
Watching #thevoice with my parents and having so much fun! Go team
PARAPROSDOKIAN is a figure of speech in which the latter part of a sentence is unexpected, often for comic effect.
Ha! Only Dave isn't a mad scientist. (Thinks) WAIT a minute...;-)
That's super exciting, did you take lots of pictures?
talkcounts is hosting Difficult conversations at IEP meetings this Saturday at 9:00am join us
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
Absolute radio, Alice Cooper, Elected. Whomever uses this song gets my vote.
I signed up but when I went to add my projects I got a 404 error.
on vita?
Karma, dude. Should've been here for game 6.
Who else is attending #Bisnow Washington Real Estate Summit tomorrow? (perhaps easier to ask who isn't attending)
you were textin me
Im off this bitch ' bout to get my day started . E V E R Y O N E have a blessed day . Have fun & be safe .
Go play RT : It's the first day of summer and national skateboard day. 100 kids now shredding at RPD mobile skate park on...
You can't be serious
MEDIA MATTERS has to be FEVERISHLY mobilizing ALL its MSNBC&CNN Anchors to fight back HARD.
that's so cute.
thanks Colin! You are great! See u Friday (Anna)
That's great--congrats! We'll have to do lunch again soon.
thx. Can u give them a worksheet they can then upload into a OneNote notebook? Not as an attachment but a real page and type on?
who do you hate boo.
John Q is trending does that mean it's on?! That movies badass!
Good Morning! Don't forget to vote for your favorite cover for VIBRANT magazine! It debuts in May! WWW.vibrantmags.com
i am also hoping for 6th. Kings or Stars would be awesome series.
3. When you hear Justin's name in use, go up to the person and give a creeper face and say, "Justin... Bieber..?" *creepy smile*
Izturis is the absolute worst. It's INSANE.
Yum. Is this your new home that I see in the background? I need to grab a baguette at Bread Co, wine and come over. ASAP.
good morning enjoy your day!
we (CNDLS at GU) do grad stds + faculty but i'm not aware of any ugrads + faculty workshops done here. you?
um thank you!
follow me back so I can DM you about that position! thx
Everybody's talking about Occupy Portland's looming midnight deadline to clear out the encampment.
Review: Great combination of mystery, love and street smarts.
bills fan & yeah i agree > “: Poe, Gilmore, Irvin, Smith among the picks I dont get. Like em but not that high.”
Happy mothers day mom! love you so much.
The copy of #Trespassing that I ordered came in the mail today. Thanks for signing it!!!! =D
When is someone going to find the next batch of 'forgotten' 2Pac tracks?
Met Alyssa today. She's great!
Thankful for my community. Time to bring CHANGE!
I'm so excited that Ree replied to you! E!
Keep rocking the music! Glad to be connected
Hopes that she will be on Charlie Rose
GOT MY FIRST CAR! :D Yeah Boy! HateLies<3Trust
You are the color that I'm bleeding (;
What would you like to ask President Obama during his trip to Western Washington?
Can someone plz tell us about a Great April Fools Day prank they either played on someone, got done to them or heard about?
I can't even find, the perfect brush.... so I can paint what's going through my mind.
It's "Bike to work week". Wish I had a penny farthing!!!
CNN needs to stop bring up the drugs.... A great woman just died ya need to give ya respect this is the same when Micheal Jackson died
Our wait is always shorter earlier or later in the day! And you can always feel free to send someone ahead!
but from where?
I want to go back to 79 and hit up a disco
Cant wait to see my daddy I miss him!
Im not cool enough to go to a pep rally
Sunday Funday was such a success with and @ jynettelynell. What on earth shall we do til next Sunday?!
Finn and puck otp
Mother's Day Idea: Buy mom a gift certificate to take a cooking class at Tap and Table! Every month we teach a new menu.
Hanging out at Devil's Elbow near St Robert on Route 66. Great little biker BBQ/bar here. Great people too.
hey what games are you going to this weekend at F2H?
We're also in the gym for mrs kims class..:o
Now I may have faith, to make mountains fall But if I lack love, then I am nothin' at all
Listening through #DreamTheater's discography chronologically before they come to Columbus in June...currently working on "Awake"
Yeah, they have started doing it too
love this! liked the flats too, but jeggings!? Come on now you're on the cover of Time!
kawaii <3 RT :In the studio a couple weeks ago working on vocals for the new album.
Don't you just want to put your boots on? I wonder if you have to have advanced spatial senses to make these.
Mixters class! BORING!!!!!!!
I don't have a man-purse. But I do have a tiny shiny silver backpack. I keep guns in it.
please stop making us listen to Jay Feely
TVA fans are the coolest fans on earth. It's official. Thanks for a great show tonight!!
ok and i hope your son feels better soon
eu to com frioo !.
You could always stay in town. I'm sure there would be something to do in town that night....
really? really? I hate 8flavahs so much.
all of our readings about curry <3 my fav was the Julia ;)
What? Explain
Wish I was still there :(
Wow ... there sure are a lot of naked photos on my phone, ,,
#SO to Tiago Splitter who just airballed two free throws, Blake Griffin style.
Well, that went well.
hahha I love you too ;)
Oops. Digital copy of The Paris Wife from the 1derful Omaha Lib expired w 80 pgs left. Now what? Pay BN $12 so I can finish it?
Led the Colonial life in Williamsburg this past weekend! Feelin' patriotic!
what r the guidelines? Hook me up! :)
Print of the day! 50 White T-Shirts w/ 1 Color Print sizes S-XL $4.00 per shirt. Free setup and delivery. Special ends Sunday 7PM PT.
great! let's meet at the registration table after break out sessions
haha ya I know :) plus the best coffee n the world :)
don't u just love it when people stuff words in your mouth?
First they steal your mind and then they steal you
lol *twisting my hair together* = hair crossed
Liliane: "alors, she was still a young woman."
I miss
anytime. Shit in the small bathroom.
Saw The Hunger Games last night, and it was absolutely amazing :D. Even though they left stuff out from the books :(
Just unapplied for a job. Felt good.
Lmfao wow really?
Are you at oakland arts fest? Tweet us a picture if so
My heart is truly broken for Mo Rivera. Mo you inspired me to stay level headed on the mound. Hope to see you back. God bless.
cross lanes
i love <3
Kenan and Kel! 90's are #allthat, but what about pete and pete?
because of genetics, 1 out of 3 people sneeze when they see bright lights.
Everytime I come on. More followers!! Muahh thank you!!!
Katherine Henderson from Auburn, a 200 yr. old Presbyterian seminary. Seeking to be effective peacemakers.
From the Canadian Winter festivals now back to Fashion Week. No rest for this lady
I went to private school & I can't say that isn't a failure either- it has it's problems too.
Ughh...my wrist feels naked without my watch (-____-)...lol
we were in europe yesterday!!!!! WtF
I earned my pizza today after a long, fun day at the !
What takes place is instantly everywhere - the world is really now interconnected
I may not be the strongest, I may not be the fastest, but I'll be damned if I'm not trying my hardest.
#nathanred 2 light bulbs are hanging out. 1 bulb says to the other bulb: Your too bright! The other bulb replys: Glow me!
you know you could get coffee before starbucks ;)
Madonna was amazing she always knows the right timing for everything, so great!
A snapshot of Kodak's hits and misses
Hi Jenna! TJ Harrington here. follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter.
RT : He said it was from a chat with you <= Specifically the vulnerability cycle. Chis & I came up with that years ago
WOOT OFF! No sleep tonight...
lol lucky I wanted to go see it lol I might go on Sunday to see it :3 lol What flavor was it :3
imu2 text me
French stained glass please and thank you!
The humidity feels like death.
American idol code word for going home is "You're on it to win it!"
I want spiderbites so badly
After scanning my drivers license, Starr and I had a rousing discussion of state laws for license renewal.
One of this year's KCAI graphic design alumni - Tammy Shell - has an internship this fall at MoMA. How cool is that??
Pouring rain today. Glad we decided to shoot tomorrow!
I mean PHONE NUMBER!
so true!! Next year i'll have my graduation and i really look forward to it!! ;))
Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Must be magazine production time.
Rain rain go away
see u heshers 2nite at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee. Doors at 9p.m.!
Is Looking 4 Sponsorship 2 Help Take The Radio Station 2 The Next Level & Build Their Radio Studio! Donate donate!
Woo JLS was Amazing! :') <3waaaahh we were so close!!!!!
RT : We are overwhelmed at the amount of messages we've received today, thank you so much to everyone. Rest In Peace Guv
then my nickname is CEO of Apple aka: President of the United States of America aka: DJ Pauly D
RT never take someone for granted because you know they'll come crawling back to you. because one day, they wont.
Not a good 2nd half for the Blazers
would like to thank everyone who came out to the Relay for Life event on April 30.
#LCRA rain gauge across 360 from my house recorded 1.12" of rain -- in the last 15 minutes.
Have you seen yet? Local DC company with an interesting offering.
Not even Ron Pope helps.
Merry Christmas to you all and thanks for following Piano Addict
”Once you get above Orange County, you're...ya know...you're in America.” NY AG Eric Schneiderman @
Lipstick Radio is looking for a #News Guru for our new format. If you have a news blog & great #radio voice/personality send us your link!
I believe in
Your tweets during SMW were so helpful that I'm not surprised your mother was a librarian! Thanks for the kind words!
I love you too baby :) now let's make a baby LOL
Do you use a parking app on your phone that actually is useful? One that shows you available spaces. I haven't had any success with them.
16 gigs of ram, 2 tb hd...i7 processor...sounds like a winner...I think im choosing this over the shitty mpb
Don't rehash the same ideas on your cover letter as your resume. Explore other areas.
Hello Wisconsin. First snow of 2012.
so bord we love you lul wayne
you should highly consider making buddy nix your vice mayor when you run for mayor
Ditto. And when people at the restaurant I'm eating at or the park I'm reading in are being annoying, I could pause them.
I hate that feeling of feeling lonely!
Going dress shopping! :D oh yeah
tell the government to fix the child support enforcement jaugernaut so that the childs father has a means to help!Poverty!
Always welcome!! #TakeTheOath ->RT : A big THANK YOU to Ms.Whitfield for holding it all together during the shoot.
hungover and crabby are we? did you have a raging a bar?
Twenty left from a thirty pop one pop two I cant eat
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
if it ends up coming in during the wee hours of the morning, that's ok
I'm sorry but that's awful greg
Yes, I want to sync with the device. No, I don't want to repair the disk. It's my phone.
I'm deleting...
Hi Susan, thanks a lot for the follow, I really appreciate it. from: Tony Perez @ www.thecoupondeal.com
Florida State Parks offers a fun way to encourage visits with a "passport"! Looks like a great way to visit the parks and do our paintings!
that moment when you texting trying to be serious and auto correct just ruins it for you...UGh
omg I can totally understand why you felt that way! Ugh, what a waste of two and a half hours!
I bought them and am in red love!
I was born with tragedy in my blood .
I'm sorry, when was Dwyane Wade no longer a superstar?
According to , office leasing activity dropped more than 30% from 8.5 million SF in 4Q11, and overall deal volume dropped by...
reminder: Wednesday (Nov. 3) at 3:00 p.m. - to benefit AEBP 5% of all Whole Foods proceeds from Lamar and Gateway will feed KIDS!
Root Beer sucks after having spicy food.
My bad i spelt his name wrong
MT : A banner at today's Old Firm match apparently said 'your grandchildren will be Celtic fans'
Put confidence in what you do.
Without communication and influence - a relationship doesn't really exist between two people. - itsjustme
Anyone have tips for a friend taking the office support WI civil service exam? Not a a lot of resources out there.
im glowing on the train =\ Chi & Jae was right... but they were being some assholes bout it.
"One mans trash is another mans treasure" ; )
things will never be the same!!!
Gibson has an anger problem, Octo-mom is open to porn and John Edwards lied...duh!
I mean.. Drew is a pretty common name. So calm it down there sparky
there it gos!, its on the floor.. ha... now I'm 1 CENT RICHER... lol
Livebrary - allows users to see what's happening in a lib. Circulation data as materials move back and forth, data visualization
what??? Call me!
watching dispicable me with joey back at the mayflower hotel in dc
no reason. Wasn't even a cork popping for me...just love the sound.
As happy as I can be in my boyfriend's sweatpants :)
... a playmaker at 3 (Richardson) and an old QB in Weeden. Do the #Browns ever learn from the past or just enjoy toying with the fans?
wendy's:)
of course! :)
That sucks for you, because either they're right, or you still have to spend eternity in Heaven with those losers.
Doubleshot kind of day
we're curious - what are y'all drinking over in Edinburgh?
Matt, sent you an email!!!! xoxo
Happy birthday
“: Dear Facebook Friends who are now getting twitter, I made a Twitter to get away from you. Sincerely, GTFO.”
School should just end like now. And be over with forever.
ew, that's my life too...... hahahaah
nothing really, you? (:
I don't even recognize that uber organized room. Where did that come from?
gotcha, that makes more sense. And I don't know why you are on that list, especially the first one mentioned.
please follow my friend
We need items like restaurant gift cards, iPad, Magic tickets, etc.
With the#2 pick Denver selects Von Miller...
I am trippin' right now....“: R.I.P. MCA. #nosleeptillbrooklyn”
great performance today at the event! Wake up was jammin'!
Thank you so much!
seriously?!!!!!!! Random exaggeration
My biggest pet peeve is...
okay do it (:
hey! Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to connect!
I enjoyed your singing
- is it because it's either/or Jeff and/or Mutt ?
Work harder love more play to win..
Sometimes, I only feel beautiful for 3 minutes and 27 seconds. RT if you get it
thanks so much for following! let your friends know to follow as well? It would mean the world<3
who u crushing on
Can someone get me a meeting with Elaine Strickland? Or a position as her P.A.?
I know my roots (everyone does) however I do work in Chicago media. Hope you're well.
Try the Peanut Butter Burger at Scotty's
Obama ain't got the guts you fat fuck. I thought you leftists like truth to power. He was just telling the truth. Obama sucks.
no one knows what that means but its provocative - will ferrell
tonight we are younnnggggg do lets set the word on fire. and shit like that.
Three days, five hours, and twenty-four minutes til our reading at Txikito. Sun 13 Feb at 6pm. 240 Ninth Ave.
I've been so spoiled all weekend.. Don't want to go to school tomorrow. 😔
my screen aint been workin on my phone for almost 2 months now and some of the stuff people left me <<<<<<<
Voice driven apps: Siri. Is this the right approach?
Just bought a 2007 Chevy aveo sedan a year ago but I would love a sonic
I want you to be my shorty.
So they are different fan pages created by you
pop lock and drop it
: and from need contact info for Jodi from , can you send them a DM? Thanks
I need a new camera (have a Konica-Minolta now). Any recommendations?
I agree, I love Larry (:
love that song ! I was hearing it today on the train
Delayed on set muscle soreness is real. Now I know why I stopped working out. Word of the day is "pain!"
I seriously should have. It's one of the few football games I would even watch. My dad isn't think this flight itinerary through.
my talk isn't cheap :p
YES. we are secret slobs. all of us!!
I'd love a Scholastic follow!
Whatever happened to Ja Rule?
I'm gonna murder this lady.
one time use...If you re-used you would have a manifestation of contaminants that would be in your flood waters
I'm craving cheese cake >_<
For more inside scoop on The Commons Magazine, be sure to follow our publisher Dr. Eileen Hulme -
okay thanks.
Is there a "submit" button (after we pick our favorite project)?
It's going to be a long day. Not a bad day (at least, I don't suspect it will be bad) ... just long. I need more sleep.
INFORMATION DEPARTMENT ACTIVELY DEFENDING OPPOSITION PROPAGANDA IN NEW MEDIA
Watched a firefly die. So sad to see it's light go out.
I hate the fact that my laptop is so big. Can't take that shit anywhere -.-
Well Aren't You The Model Boyfriend Lol.
Yes. This. RT I miss
“ “ Im playing a game with no rules.. So somebody bound to get hurt.””
Talk about planning ahead: 2013 #Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday at 10 AM
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Bay Hill
Just had lunch with the New Senior pastor of Orchard Community Church, Campbell, CA. Excited for him and them.
You're perfect in everyway. I could of been there for you when you needed me most. I wish i could of held you in my arms when you cried.
That Awkward moment when you have a dream about your crush and when you wake up your heart is beating so FAST !
Vivid imagination.
Were like fire and gasoline, I'm no good for you, your no good for me. We only bring eachother tears and sorrow.
My tummy hurts someone come rub & kiss it
The things we do for love...
11am time slot is now full! 8am, 12pm, and 1pm are still available!
I'm gonna try and stay positive this week.
Thank you!! I just missed you! :) There'll probably be a lot of "Damn Patriots" tweets, they're not doing well at the moment.
#3WordsForYou who hurt you?
Dear NC, i would greatly love if you would bring back those 70 degree temps we had at the beginning of the week. Love, Emily
Nap time!!
i really need a vacation like real tea ugh
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
I really hope Jo gives the actual cup to Gabby even if the win and the money belong to J. Please she deserves it this time!
It really made me laugh. A few times. I am looking forward to the novel!
I really need to shape up before bikini season comes ):
Sitting in my car for 1/2hr delay before my 200m due to rain.... I'm still determined to PR today
tough loss last night, but we are gonna be ok, can't wait to take the bus to Chicago to put out the Fire!!!
I feel sad for anyone that pays a 'CJ WIlson' 77 million dollars. Is this Powerball? That kind of scrilla shouldn't be thrown at B players.
omg zayn..... seriously you can't just do that Lololol fml
no it's a hard read.
It is cranky fact. Why do you think they call her The Iron Lady.
Girly night with (:
Love that regularly credits their Research Dept. on the when citing stats.
Did you hear that Davy Jones of the Monkees died of a heart attack today? I sent Donna an email as she must be very sad.
RT if you have Xbox LIVE
we can make that happen!
I love my teacher
No one is EVER higher than Tim Lincecum. Oh wait, you said "ranked higher." Sorry, my mistake.
At Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles with
Don't forget to order your meals before the January 22, 2012.
It's done. Move on and let this go b4 it gets really serious. #Realtalk. No more tweeting each other
haha! Good luck with that one!
Drive for Perfection. Tolerant for Failure
The tongue of a mature blue whale has approximately the same mass as that of an entire elephant.
I know. :3
Do not hang up on me. End of story.
George beat the fuck outta Jared!!! LMFAO
In need of custom clamshell boxes or exquisite letterpress invitations? www.bellafortebooks.com We're HOT!
I think it would be great if the ravens' Sam Koch stopped and started singing some soul songs.
why would they send a scout if it isn't an option... they could use an arm... any arm!
The thing about getting A's, even as a great playmaker, is you need to be playing with guys who can get G's...
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
"Walking Tall" w/ The Rock. Can't decide if it's a great bad movie or just plain great
Hip Hop is my cry for help, the acceptance that i never felt/ the weaker me that reaches out, while the crowd outside just claps and shouts.
ik u do(: so does dylan<3
really should have chosen a more challenging math class. On the other hand, being in here makes me feel incredibly smart.
Who went to see The Vow over the weekend? Did you shed a few tears?
Hahaha you can say that again! Specially first thing in the morning..
Hey all RaeLynn's Prom & Social Occasion Boutique Fans! What did you get for Christmas?!
If you haven't already,spread the word about the band and contest not only by tweeting #tsparmy but by telling your friends,family,pets,etc.
Yup! Friday - Sunday!
Big time rush?? Really..pretty gay there dallas..
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder. The average
RT : Excited to be hosting Going to be wild tonight!
thanks for the #FF!
yes bro!
It looks like the refs decided to take this game off. Lol! #Clippers/Grizzlies
I'd rather have the Mochi ice cream..
I'm saying he's a phone booth RT : So you're saying Mr. Met is a Time Lord?
Nice to meet you 2012...so glad you are finally here!
NYT is a joke. Why is David Brooks the last person in the U.S. to realize/admit that the Republicans are bonkers? Grow up America.
Organizers Bryon Blum and Bill Smith introduce Sign Pros to the Giant Rat! (Pictured Bryon Blum)
Just had a gud run now I'm tired time for a gud shower n meal things in my life r about to get better thanks to almighty God u the best
« I remember those dayz» me too
Between track meets, baseball games and flag football games Im gonna be super tan.
#TEDxABQ Cathy McGill - chills!!! Amazing grace, amazing woman
My friends >>>>
shid it shook me too lol
Weekend cheers to all! RT #FF Thanks for the RTs this week! (via )
Court rules McD's Happy meals legal. Toys weren't making kids fat. Ya want skinny kids, make the doors smaller so fat parents can't get in.
Lookin to get my tickets for the next concert down here! Ready to rage again;)
1. Have you ever been romantically involved with Cristiano Ronaldo?
what a night!!
"A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga." - The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
I really need to master the password for the #falsealarm days! I know the alarm comp thinks i'm slow lol
hey!sorry I missed ur twit.I'm good. My vacation is over already))How r U?
I stay making it
do you have Google music beta yet?
“: Congrats to Girls' Track----- Sectional Champions! 1st in Girls' Track History!”
ok, hope to see on the hill someday
Fuck Justin!EMINEM is the king
This wine I had with my dinner sure did help my carpal tunnel pain
Thanks for the support
Podcast Coming Soon!!!!!
give students rewards for getting involved.
its early and I've been hit in the head a lot
": The more defensive U R towards constructive criticism, the more likely the criticism is spot on.
heading there for six months for a deployment... I'll be back soon :)
No one / to witness / and adjust, no one to drive the car
How many of you have had trouble finding or getting a job because of your tattoo(s)??
Ouch - another burn for #Baltimore. Ravens Defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano is coming to Indy to coach the
Game Spotlight: Mount &amp; Gladius Mod For Mount &amp; Blade - Cinema Blend
I know. Have fun in your trip, hopefully you don't find a husband 😜
Impressive, looks like he had a really great NBA career. You in Madison?
how's back home?
"Pretzels r beer's favorite person."
The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now.
Now that I think about it...it may be a better email so it makes the most sense!
California, here we come! C:
Sixers gone win this series
Though I may have to nickname Chandler Jones "Bing Willie 2.0" as a combined shout-out to both McGinest and "Friends."
Someday you'll miss me like i missed you. Someday you'll need me like i needed you. Someday you'll love me and i won't love you.
I have just been informed that I will be going to a strip club tonight. Stay tuned, this should get interesting.
Bye bye hair.
Or maybe that should be "bonus: no monster sex." It's the great dilemma of our times (or at least of summer 2010)
Ready for the madness tomorrow night!
Twitter says I can,t add any more followers to my acct for a while,Iv,e reached there limit,but please still follow and I will follow youiic
Thank you so much. RT : happy mother's day :)
Chandler man who burned son over bible sentenced He was sentenced to 15 years probation and banned from being alone with his sons.
The date for the next pub crawl will be announced soon, plus a few changes, including different pubs & a new prize catagory! Stay tuned!
do u mean in mishigan
Facebook valuation: On a backdrop of a potential world economic meltdown is crazy. I would prefer lock into an oil company.
Seeing more and more runners up and down the streets after 5pm, despite the cold. Way to be awesome future finishers!
Caps win!
LETS DO IT
Tea can prevent the formation of blood clots-the monsters to blame for heart attack/stroke. A healthy ticker=more love to go round.
you should buy her some Mickey ears
Want to see racial hatred at its defining moments. . Where did this hate come? We all need prayer because this is in our communities.
Being ridiculously unphotogenic:\
Pat your weave ladies...pat your weaves 🙆
love The Voice!
im late but uummm yes that is exactly what makes it polite!!
Today has been both good and bad. It felt like a Friday-good. Car broke down in student parking lot -bad.
Very moving episode!!!
Went to the coolest audio store in town to get a new radio put in the minivan. Deadpan, I kept asking the guy which one would get me chicks.
"there was never a genius without a tincture of madness"; keep dialogue w/self limited to 2voices u only have so many characters
I'm drinking beer and doing social media stuff. should be very jealous.
"RT What will we do next? We have big plans. Stay tuned & keep moving against the tides!" Can't wait! #ScottTheMerchGuy moving..
nice day outside! who wants to go play ball!?
Happy 2 have my donation (dj services) auctioned off @ 2nights Dinner for a Cure @ Chagrin Lagoons Yacht Club!
Going to the Mavs game! 💙👍🏀
While you were sleeping provided new homes to families in Africa that don’t have a roof over their heads.
'I really thought you were the one. It was over before it begun' _unfriend you :*
Lovely night hanging with my old acting school crew. Find a class that helps you to get centered- you'll find your work grows exponentially
I think my Google conversion may be complete as soon as Google Wave comes out... Google Squared is out now in beta.
lOls, stop being so awesome :P
School tomorrow :P who is pumped for summer!!
Excuse me...was someone paging me? RT : All decklers report to the peanut gallery!
Finally starting to feel balanced again after Yoga this AM Thanks to Noah P my back is less wonky! Happiness is more Yoga this evening!!!
nice to know kayls....
Follow us back we carry filthy dripped Thanks
Dear ABQ weather, April Fool's Day was yesterday. What gives?
but!!! U get to come to my house tomorrow. :)
Too much fun last night but best pizza left over this morning for breakfast!
I just wanna cuddle and fall asleep in someones arms :/
No worries. :) Just sent a reply.
oh, and just btw, not all of us work at college/univ institutions.
Instead of playing ALL of my cards last night, I wish I would've just tipped my hand a bit...
Definitely! I see you're a friend of !
awesome! I will be in the look out for it. Thanks
BALLOONS:-) RT : "Mama, you know why I love Chapstick? Cuz it smells like balloons."-Kellyn, age 3
thanks dude!
You can also let your spouse know you’re pregnant by saying, “Hey, you ready to do other people’s dishes for 20 years?”
"The makers of FiveFinger footwear are being sued based on claims they've made about the benefits of running barefoot" - Runner's World Mag.
Dear god im gross
heii people I do not know about you get oriented but loui vitton is simply great :)))))
Yay my foot isn't broken! Just it will take like 4 more weeks to heal -.-
did u capture the feat on run keeper? :)
hey its sierra :) FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
what time y'all play 2morrow
Stunt class + Bollywood/Belly dance rehearsal = interesting yet badass combination ;-)
We'll keep on blogging in 2012...just not every day. Probably take weekends off. Thanks for following!
ravyn... You can just stop.. And text me if you want. It don't matter doe..
Just introduced 20 yr old to "Disco Duck" song. You're welcome.
That's awesome! Good for them
Sorry to hear this. Do you have a CS ticket number we can look into for you?
I Love it .....but I'm at zaxbys
No one compares to the Nitro Circus crew and their #Ballistic shenanigans!
where the heck are you?
Lights are out, I hate the dark :(
ooh perfect, I'll test that out tomorrow! Thx!
Uploading the new episode to youtube as we speak... A link will soon follow
chief prompter
There's no easy way to say goodbye...
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
go to hell and never come back
I love when I tell people I drive a mustang and they say "oh the white one with the orange flip flop sticker and the T girl tag?"
Thx for the hard work this week! : Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one #AMNewsers”
Its almost Friday and I'm off tomorrow!!: )'$
Monday is here the last week of 2011 thank you Jesus for all our blessings
follow her plz follow her HELP HER HELP HER GET TO HER GOAL
Watched RoboCop last night. I now understand life alot better.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
The shows Real Sports, Outside the Lines and E:60 like trying to make working class people feel bad for idiots that lost millions.
Thanks for the mention!
It's harder than you think. Try it yourself today and I bet you don't go 5 mins. w/o checking email on 1 device, talking on another, etc.
Hardcore workout then off to babysit....
Happy First Day of Spring from Absolute EyeCare. Enjoy the beautiful weather!
wat bout me???
reading excellent health tips by before acupuncture
their focus was more on merger. I couldn't get a Moodle speaker and I'm on a Moodle campus
Will use this in arguments with Americans.
its not funny we need to stop it!! Haha
Because for whatever reason, the phone makers don't want to upgrade. They want to sell you a new phone, only they don't make ICS fones
My mom doesn't get my humor. I'm having a horrible conversation with her on my FB wall.
make sure you listen from start to finish!
Just getting back from a taping of Director's Cut at Wisconsin Public TV where I was talking about
When the rain turns on, turn on Nick Drake.
Polls closed for the #elections 1 hour ago on the east coast! Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
ha ha ewwww
aw, I miss this kinda stuff haha
The 4th round of roundtables presentations/discussions will begin at 1:45 this afternoon.
oh no! Hope you feel better!
Quote of the Day: Respect is earned...Honesty is appreciated....Trust is gained...And Loyalty is returned.....
me :D
I have pledged never to vote for a bill that raises your taxes or user fees. A vote for me is a vote to stop burdensome taxes
oh word? Haha yeah, shit had me laughin and the rap was dope.
Jason Jackson on Dan Patrick show right now is not as good as the one who calls into
Drums are tracked, 2 songs are tracked for bass.
Re protecting against sig font changing in email, have u tried using an image of the text?
I'm not some random hoe so if you think I'm easy like Drake says "You're on one."
Yes, Av's win in the shootout!!
other panel is much better.
lol you know I'm bout to
crying to moments again and trying to find cheap tickets to the BTR concert. this is how i spend my days.
do what? lol i said hi
With a note on it that reads, "Ha ha ha ha!"
Thanks for listening Jessenia!
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem. J. Paul Getty
Come check us out www.blockstarsonline.com
The awkward moment when has been to my house so many times and never knew I had a pool... #wherehaveyoubeen?
but there really are...everybody going to la today for some reason
This has been the worst year ever. I've been sneezing or in a drug induced coma since February.
I been having money most of my life. So to have it now ain't gone change who i am. I ain't gone never forget where i came from!
Logan wade lerman watch out for the birthday raping! Its a bitch!
hey brad! Love your name!! Good luck today!!
when you need your bestfriend but they dont answer and act like they are asleep but when you call it says "call waiting", wow.
Just got the best and most important e-mail ever!
Going to wander around in Dupont on this amazingly beautiful day.
#moneyball is money.
“: Just trying to party... Fuck”
sort of like the Lorax having a tie in with a car company.
FOOD TRUCK ALERT: Northwestern(dtown) from 11am-12pm today w/ CURRY PLATES then California/Devon from 1pm-2:30pm w/ KATI ROLLS!
RT : HipHop week for Static -- review of , interview yesterday w/ , getting ready for interview...
My favorite BKB episode of all time is the one with Nemo and the Spring Break episode. You are great and keep up the great work.
My Emily is shaking her fist in defiance to dub step. Adorable defiance.
#NationalPuppyDay - stop by and see some of the great dogs they have available to adopt!
“: Mistakes are proof that you are trying.”
Go cry over your boyfriend who you've dated a week and love, but then he broke up with you.. (;
A little more than 2 weeks to go until our 2011 Field of Dreams! To follow this exciting event on Twitter, please use tag
God bless a child who has his own
you two are ridiculous! You are both way more than adorable!!!
Welcome 😊RT : thank you :*
~Author UnknownIf you want others to be happy, practice compassion .
I said Worthy was underrated b/c he seems to get lower on every Top 50/100 list every year. He's still in my Top 50
LOL, yes, he is Sir Guy. :-D (PS most men I know won't watch N&S, but it's worth the ending if you stick with it.)
spiderrrpig spiderrrpig does whatever a spider pig does
I think I'm going to hit the links today...
but you'd love to see Petrino on sidelines at commonwealth
thank you for that dude!
don't understand how excited I am for #JerseyShore season 5!
Ima try to make it over there to see all you hip kids.
they have became too pop music ish
I don't know how to do a bunny emoticon, hence my RT:“: Happy Easter twitterland! 🐰Have a wonderful day w/ family & friends!!”
Thanks for the marathon on this rainy day
Are you in Vegas yet? :|
thanks in no small part to all of your great suggestions and leads, thank you Diana! in solidarity
Proud to be a corporate sponsor for the GOALS Conference of the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!
Happy Friday! #TGIF Cocktails anyone?
I dreamed your neighbor had a big penthouse he rented me in NYC.
hope you've got enough pickle juice for tonight!
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
So in! Where to? Good Day, Ikes, anywhere!
Got my car all packed up for move out thanks to ! I'd say we're pretty savvy packers, eh??
era extrana is a really terrific album, i've listened to it for three days straight!
RT : CONSIDER BEING A VOLUNTEER! VOLUNTEERS ARE PRICELESS! They help German Fest thrive to introduce new generations......
There is a conference for everything. Even for
Roses are red, violets are blue. Now youre with her & i'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. I'm just kidding i want her dead
A5: When possible reduce the number of steps for checkout and payment.
- Happy Birthday!!! Love you tons girl!
Celtics giving easy lay ups. Ugh, maybe I was wrong about picking them :/
PhilHumber ChiSox just got down 3-0 on batter 1 of the 9th, then struck him out swinging
we are coming to New Mexico. Please get ready now.
just got voted favorite pitch at !
Who's 4140840???
Be on the look out for one of our composers, Noam Faingold, he's currently based in London as well.
#BiggieOrJose? ": Titanic reminds me of the days I had two yachts in Miami but no icicles”
If I have any friends or followers in North Carolina voting today, Please please please vote to support equal rights for everyone.
Boston bitches
I just spoke to Kamel, and he tells me he just took care of this for you.
I have never been to one of those. I would like to though. I have regular season tickets but never went to a spring game.
looks like someone lost his phone on the bus...unless you really are gay! Haha
L IS A L.....WE STILL GOING TO BEAT THE THUNDER IN 6 GAMES....GAME OVER LAKER HATERS!!!
On behalf of my cast and myself, thank you for believing in our show for the past 5 years.. We are truly grateful and owe it all to you.
Meeting went exceptionally well. God is so faithful! Working tonight at a prom.. Time to shop in my bestie's closet ;-)
Love on The Shark Tank. She's goes 4 it. Barbara's favorite line on the show was "I'm Out". Love she goes toe to toe with guys
This paper is evolving, but I'd still rather be playing tennis on this lovely April day.
Great to have you all here for a tour today!
RT RT : As a #Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything. You have incredible intuition.
Man I wish I worked for Facebook today.
": PR is now actually 70% female (compared to back in 1987, when there were 20 females for every 80 males). #womeninpr1"
I can't believe this hasn't been RT'd 100 times over.
Damn it's #hot !
make sure you're caught up on vaccines before you go ;)
made my day!
yea but this i one on one i need some place to crash bro D;
I feel so stupid when my parents drag me to go Geocaching with them. O.o
Today is the big JP Morgan shareholder meeting this morning. Stay tuned...
A6) Wives when you withhold sex, you are punishing yourself...LOL!
Wow, a Virtual Conference. I thought I've seen it all. Join us in Campaign Management360 room w/ answering ?'s
risk off supports giving way.
Dont dream about it,be about it. Turn ur dreams into something that happens when u wake up.
Idk why you think youre so cute
Torture on the TV. Please pick up book And read
Crazy how if I end up going to edc this year, it's because I'm djing there! Watch my dream come true!!!!!!!
Skype Only Attendance
no phone dm me
Tyrna fight me over my ex !
Just cast my vote for ! Let's win Indiana for liberty on Tuesday!
Stupid draw something.. I just did each scene from the log song and it didnt send
This GNR set makes me miss my high school friend who loved the band from the start. Lost my friend in the Haiti earthquake.
how do i reply without having to.go back onto your page
Why Leaving Blog Comments Is Not a Link Building Strategy
MAN JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT I GOTTA BRING
You're welcome - we look forward to your updates!
Oops Assassin Vacation. The other would be totally different book, LOL
Wtf u so annnnoyyyiiinnn like just die>:/
YEAH. i'm free friday nizz-ight, r u?
So happy it's #Friday!!
Graduation starts at 10 a.m. but students should report by 8:30 a.m.
catching up on the news of the day makes one thirsty for serious talk about business, music, consumer goods and tech gear..peewaddy.com
Today what i learned from the Lakers game was-Kobe showed so much heart and will. Pau n Bynum were weak n the Lakers need some good players!
whats it all about?
you are going to make me scrape PDFs, aren't you?
It has been pretty slow the last couple weeks, but some of my vendors have picked up since over the weekend and today! Happy Appraising!!!
hhahahh, yeah I hate bullies!!!! Every fight I ever got into in HS was defending some1 getting picked on
Sunburns like this make me glad I always have aloe chilling in the fridge, just behind the box of wine.
I hope Grantland never enables its user comments section.
how cute! I almost wouldn't wake them up! Haha
it fine and what happened to ur twitter
At BJ's Brewhouse for lunch! Yum!
So just showed up on set in a hilariously awesome costume that I will not leak.
Generally rely on oldest records available unless there's compelling contrary evidence. When contemporary ones diverge, detect.
Post-work bowl on the back porch
RT RT :"The great thing to remember is that, though our feelings come and go, God's love for us does not."C. S. Lewis
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all
It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” - Robert
Congratulations on the appointment of Michael Bornak as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
im tellin my wife u kicked me in da BALLS
Thanks Matt! Man I just woke up with some awful 30 pains. Happy Holidays.
a 'scathing' eval for stats = justice
Where can I get free wifi in the Arena district? I know SBux but they have such weird hours.
you visiting or is it for futbol?
Thanks for all the #ff love! You guys are the best!
If I ever find a woman that looks anything like Olivia Wilde I will woo her.
and are like the bash brothers from the mighty duck movies, but on the hardwood! Keep goin hard fellas!
Heading out to see the world premiere or THE AVENGERS. I love my job.
will you blog your thoughts on this issue- I'd love to read them Dean
Saw his Mommy just the other day
Lol Erica Is Wack , She Was Quiet The Whole Time Because She Was Scared
Like Hanna, many of us have made commitments to God and have not followed through.
That's exactly what i think.
So... Port of Spain trip?
are you into older women? Because I am just 2 years older than you. Think about it! 😜
M. Homemade bread with lunch :)
hahah the metro leaves me too far from my house and I'm not gonna take it late at night.
You'll probably hear me rap half-hearted, cause I don't like rap anyway i'm just tryina get my porno career started!
Hope Ariana will be okay! :-|
Find douche couple that stole ball from kid! RT Pretty sure I'm the only person wearing green & gold at this Ranger game. Go me!
Dinner so good! Bbq ribs & chicken, mac n cheese, corn on the cob um umm so good
To the student that just posted a Flesh Light for sale at Trinity ... it made us chuckle. But we will take inappropriate posts down :)
If i can get a few safeties & blocked extra pts early in the game 2nite im going 2 have a real strong shot @ winnin sum of these SB squares
Happy New Year!!!! Here's to 2012: Let's hope for fun, good experiences, and most importantly, a great fulfilling year!!!! Woo hoooo!!! ...
I had a good day and you? Yes I'll be there...
don't forget he got them grips too!!
i wonder if this guy will get a fine for the nut kick??
me too I hated him from the jumped
haha so what are you going to do for the summer?
Today's self control tip from a kindergartner "don't pee in the sink"
Saw that! is a sweetheart. Definitely check out #72musicians it's my fave rock doc ever, no lie!
You need a standing ovation if you stand in my location, every nigga round here done been shot or on probation...
Ha RT : Fun Fact: The horses in this race have completed as many college credits as Kentucky basketball players.
Byron, thanks again for your comment on my post and offer to help. Gonna tweet my article now. So retweets would be great! Brian
Good to know: Tiny bacon=kosher; Giant bacon=treyf. Kashrut is so simple!
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
Heeyyy Follow Me On Twitter Please I Love You
Welcome, new followers -- thanks for supporting music and chorus in Collin County!
TIP: if you have old LUSH Times (or any paper) that you are going to recycle, use it as padding when traveling with your products #lush :)
Thanks, Joe! You have a super new year, too! - New Mexico Satellite Man
haha you got it
great job with #bigdata daily. Thanks for all the great links.
We can't wait for Denver Restaurant Week! What is your favorite restaurant in Denver?
They may not win another game the rest of the year.
I barely tweet you guys. Like, let's have a coversation. Hey what's up beauties? X
downstairs? like the basement? lol
Cool. Enjoy!
Patience. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
so proud of It is apparent that you grew up a lot out there! Love u!
We know you've been waiting with bated breath so... drum roll please! Our 3,500th Member is Ag Innovations Network! Check 'em out.
#AGirlDeserves a man that will treat her better than anything, and a guy to fall in love with... #single 😒
should have been longer. He knew what he was doin along. Sad thing is that he can't admit it still
LOVE waking up to all these pictures for #m! Make sure to tag on FB, or me. Happy May's Mundane Monday everyone!
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
It’s a sweet time for a pastry! Join us today in celebration of National Sticky Bun Day for a great selection of baked sweet goods!
So much google+
! I'm so sorry! I'll bring more spicy nacho fries if you need 'em.
Hahahahah! I KNEW you would have the best comment on that , um, event!
To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
Oh, yay. Also, am finally getting some semblance of not-continually-sobbing back so I can make your vid soon.
Great White Shark Kills Star Bodyboarder The 20-year-old was in the water with his brother and friends when the shark bit off his right l
happy anniversary! I always like the swank 40s music in their bar. Good choice. ;-)
At the gym today my iPod twice shuffled to BB King's 'The Thrill is Gone'. Hm.
Thanks for all of the shout outs!
If u think today is hot in SD, wait til the weekend! 80's for ur Tues...90's by Sat! Shorts & Flipflops, Baby! Oh Yeah...
S/O to my man have a good one bro
all theese tweet bout starship i need to hear it now damn u spanish class ~Jaiya Perez
very cool...cool lens, too! :)
Happy news! Our long effort to enable direct deposits has finally gone live. We'll be contacting venues soon to tell you how to sign up.
if the Mavs aren't playing the Cavs, I'm go Mavs bc I live in Dallas. I like LA against E coast teams, datsallll.
I'm am utterly addicted to mindmapping.
I had the ny/nj metrostars hat from the same time period, with the cartoon taxi on it.
FaceTime with aiden. He makes me feel better.
Another great week wrapping up in #lincolnpark! Thanks for the
trying to catch up on all i missed at NECC
Pinterest co-founder Google Alumni!
Don't ever give up. You have no idea how many you truly inspire everyday.
and by the way you can't fire me, i quit.
Totally didn't see that coming. You deserve to be there!
Did you hear they're re-naming Farmville "Unfriendville"?
Thanks for your entry, good luck! RT: 591
Hope our troops get paid if the #government #shutsdown!
haha naw, copied that from a blog :D
Been up since 5 for no reason. Boo.
Idk why I'm obsessed with pulled bbq pork
Hours without gmail: 27.
thanks so much for the amazing night! I still #cantbelieve I met you! <3
Thanks! Hope you are well!
Stop beeping at us, you're not our dad!
I like me a good baseball match. ;) (Yes. I know how wrong that statement is.) :D
Everyone says that but the complaints about supposed Tebow haters outpace actual Tebow hating. His fans all have a martyr complex!
I think Omnipage will deskew based on analysis of text and let's you save the image. Can check this if you like. Have a copy here.
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
We're on the scene and will bring you the latest in about 10 minutes...
HaHa smart ass girl ...
I suspect it's the sheer numbers involved, and from so many different races/ethnicities.
will you jam with me? We could write some hot tunes
i don't see the aug 2 full program on the website. are you going to be posting that? thanks!
BIG thank you to Jamie Davis. Wearing the co-design workshop t-shirt you made *Community Roars*
Saw ya'll at that pizza place I love; didn't want to interrupt dinner. Have a great weekend!
Lol thats what you think but u dont know him like i know him.
... What is your temperature
This little kid is batshit insane..
Life is a prize.. Treat it like it's gold... Not just a stuffed animal.<3
Wow. I can't believe it's been a year since my (and other nerds') obsession with 's jello.
Oh man I love Otters and how they eat their food
Obviously, there is little you can learn from doing nothing. ~ Zig Ziglar
I'll be back in 10
Today I am a window washer lol
ONE THAT CANT SPELL WORTH SHIT.
Thanks, Jeffrey! RT : Business networking made simple through spindows - video speed networking ay Startup Camp
as it stands now, likely 2nd or 3rd week of April, Wed / Thurs. Will know more soon. Keep you posted! Hope you are well!
Hope get more followers right now..
i mean you said someone was so dramatic and there are a few select time that I could possibly be said people who is dramatic.
Love it! It's very powerful!
sorry to hear that D:
My RT's>>> I'm gonna marry that boy<3
Exactly RT yeah I'm more concerned with job growth that isn't a government job.
is anyone willing to act as the official "scribe" of the #pycon web summit? e.g. capture a publishable summary.
Exactly the start the #Caps couldn't have
The fact that one of my favorite voice actors replied and followed me is kinda a big deal. So happy!
that looks awesome! Good luck!
yes! Love Jonny!
good ol fashioned slugfest. Like the regulators
Pedro how are you keeping? Is the family well?
Me either! I'm hoping for some Key Lime Cerveza! :)
Art Rooney: "There seems to be an agreement that all parties have agreed on. We're close to the goal line."
clever RT Our Twitter handle is We'll get going there soon. In the meantime, enjoy an infographic in tweets
Camero SS. Black leather interior, black exterior, I want you.
#WeWontWork; if you can't dance.
i hate when guys whistle at girls like were dogs.. fudge you!
RT : My tax day op ed in NY Times. The Buffett Rule is another AMT. More progressivity is good, but it's not reform....
What are your favorite words to live by? Words of encouragement?
I have gotten GREAT deals on brewers gear from TJ Maxx.
- o damn haha well shidd I got a couple homies that way too
What would you rather see? Topical and/or material form words or phrases? Something else?
how long of a drive is it? When my family goes to PA we go straight through, no stopping to sleep.. 15hour drive -_-
The Gymanimals one year celebrity anniversary bash!! 02/02/12 Club Aurum! Follow aka MR.DO U and get in free!
Life is short so let's go live it, ain't no time for wasting time
and your tweets are pointless.
Literally just had to make a list of all the girls I need to text or call when I get back to the US. Life is hard...
Teacher: "MARISSA SIT DOWN BE QUIET!" Student: " I Know You See Everyone Else Standing & Talking. Why You Always Pointing Me Out?"”
10 Lewis #Chardonnay Reserve. Youthful but delivers. Tight nose. Big flavors of apple, pear, caramel, fig. Long oaky finish. 93 pts
first philly concert tonight.
Long day already an its only 12!
Let Me Light Up The Dark :)
im such a wishful thinker sometimes
Lol YES! Poor dragons their going to get crushed! Haha 😜
Baslketball was lame!
Yep, same thing here.
don't thinki've had that one.
Instead of planning lessons, think about designing learning experiences.
Happy Easter :) good tourney! we luv #LucieSafarova :) and always wish her the very best :)!
These little league parents take it a little to serious smh!!
A tool, by now nearly indispensable and highly integrated into almost every facet of life, but so precariously under our own control...
