Have yet to start #writing today as the entire morning's been spent putting out fires everywhere. Can't work in a burning office can I?
I'll bet if the mayor sold her #ravens skybox tickets she could raise enough money to keep those pools open all summer.
Night for now! Happy summer.
Typing up invoices, bit boring but nice to know theres money coming in! Also, they are for really fun cakes!
To my inspiring heroines: Happy International Women's Day!
Thanks for the info. We'll look into it.
Sorry, 4got the #tdu2012 . Will u be at this event in #Charlotte? Would LOVE to connect. I'll be there on Thursday afternoon!
Oy vey - These dogs are draining my bank account
Daniel Bryan!!!
wHO IS THE TERRORIST? THE TAXPAYER BEING THREATENED OR THE STUPID IDIOT SHIT BRAINED INDIANA GOVT ASSHOLES W/GUNS & CARS & COMPUTERS & ETC?
Another former athlete, #JuniorSeau, commits suicide. The one year suspension to #Vilma looks a bit too lenient now. RIP Junior.
its was last night somewhere...dont remember
Big thanks to The Sail Inn for hosting our show last night! The sound was perfect and we had a blast! THANK YOU!!
If you seriously have enough time on your hands to wish badly upon people and talk shit about them your clearly a bumm. Sit yo ass down
$10 tix for #NIGHTSWEATS tonight. Mention 'Industry Night' at the door!
Heath Schuler (maybe spelled wrong??)
thanks luv! Are you hosting or letting others do all the work? :)
How To Jump Start A Car
ever been to The Barge Inn? Might have a show there in March. I was gonna see what you think of the place.
I guess starting Beckett and Bumgarner was a bad idea today.
congrats on the new MTV show, how come was hosting it
#Nuts: The #cashew is native to Brazil. It is rich in #fat, #protein and #minerals #magnesium, #selenium and
Free screenings tonight: Marley, Touchback, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
now watching Jay-Z being interviewed on "Real Time w Bill Maher"..fascinating..gotta live J
I don't know what to wear tomorrow 😔
im performing with YOUNG MONEY in Hollywood and was wondering WHERE i can get those RED glossy shoes you have?
#'s only show up in the same looking room maybe its code for something zombie related. maybe it's a peek at the new zombie map
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
It'd pose to be strippers there
There's a man riding a three story tall bicycle up Sepulveda from Santa Monica blvd. playing "Over the Rainbow" thru a bullhorn on back!
Somebody tell me something that will make me think DARK SHADOWS will be good.
don't start lol
Former fantasy baseball catcher of mine, Kelly Shoppach, with a 3 run HR. #Rays are going to be real dangerous this postseason.
Come on FSU beat the Duke bastards
your pain on that 1.
Just got a query in my old WMLA inbox. Query tip: Do your research before you send!
a week staying with your fam and you&#39;ll be fluent!
Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
Organize and Purge, Organize and Purge.Salv. Army's coming tommorow and I've gone through every drawer and closet in my house...feels good!
NM State Fair is almost here - call us @ 505-296-4852 to book rooms. Ask for the NM State Fair Special Rate.
I absolutely loved the grad speech Alexis made!!!
“: How does the President have all this extra time to coach and watch basketball?” Seconded
Haha Jamie gonna try to tell Mrs lanyon I'm on drugs... bitch gimme a cup I'll take a piss test right now!
I know! Lots of #crisiscommunications practice going on :)
thx just added
I wonder what my purpose is?
when is our reunion happening?
#greenjacket #masters Will Phil Mickelson win his fourth today?
After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
Merry Christmas
Its the moments between the moments that count. Mentioned Meebo as an option.
If FreakNik still exist in Atlanta I would definitely go....looked like so much fun lol
Sarah is right! You look gorgeous!
"Spirituality is to religion as justice is to law." --Richard M. Gross
Finally a movie night seeing #theluckyone with in Rhode Island, then back to NYC in the a.m.
mT : Overhead projector Technology dates back to 1930. #Edchat [swanny203 added: before my time]
I would, but honestly, I'm not eating out these days. #P90X and clean eating has taken over my existence. #rockshows and
They are giving you No. 56? Awesome!! is one of my fav. Pkrs ever and he wore 56, Im sure you will do it justice!
Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action.
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
I SAID - of course you're the heart of tweeting!
-__________- WIFE ANSWER ME .
Great to have some support from the Czech Republic! Are you a fan of Martin Erat?
If you want something different, you need to do something different!..
Thanks for the +K in Writing!
Did somebody ring???
Wizard of OZ on crack! Michael Jackson's Thriller written all over the stage set-up. So bad, its good!
Pretty sure I actually know what I'm doing with my life... but then there's always tomorrow.
fantastic right ?!?!
sounds great! would love to meet!
u just have to find the right person. Not every one is a jerk.
bahahaha me too
nice dick i would love to suck that
If you have a midnight release party for the #Kinvara3, I'll camp outside. Just sayin.
omg I know xD
We had a spark that turned into a wild fire that consumed & blackened six lives & 11 years of marriage, the spark concept is overrated.
Tommy Thompson: "In three weeks we're going to send a shockwave across this state and nation."
real nice but people like to put their name on 5-10 and 10-25 lists to look cool then not come when we try to start a game
guess what i'm reading...
Waffle butt! RT : How can we best haze new Invincible Czars drummer Gonzalo Ramos?
#seniorconfessionhour I never expect the four years to go by so fast.
“Everyone has that one ex they don't want the world to know they dated.” this reminds me of that one person u bring up for me
Mumford & Sons show at Austin High 3/16 is on the football field. Capacity: with Ed Sharpe. Showing doc they shot at school last year
Yeah...would have thought that store a winner for them. Ergo, perhaps mall is driving this...
tonight, proposed that we have a blt night in the near future! i agree, because blt has gotten soggy! :/
THANK YOU so much for helping spread the word!
NY Giant Shaun O'Hara is attending Lombardi this Sunday!
I've got 1 hour to go before my local place opens up! Can't wait!
Yeah, the Post doesn't even try anymore....
learning is "wanting to learn more."
GO CAPS
#Phelps needs a free lifetime supply of #Charmin to go along with it.
I haven't been this happy in forever :)
Happy beginning of week for all!
oh. my. gosh. Was not expecting that.
: it has something to do with the 12th being a sunday.
Your costume was so awesome! Nice job, lady.
What a great run, maybe I'll be able to sleep tonight!! Who am I kidding, I don't sleep :)
I AM IN LOVE WITH NICK JONAS.
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie...let's be real and to be honest...those facebook games are the lamest
send my regards! Haha
that's right, keep your hoes in line.
at least most options are somewhat healthy! RT : Shopping at Trader Joe's. While hungry.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK
Don't dwell on if you're a loser, embrace it
I have also seen the doggie-baby chest contraption and it elicited the same response as the doggie-baby buggie: stop, stare, laugh
Last night i got so wasted at purdue and then cried my eyes out cus i wanted to go home, hahahaha
lmaolmaolmao she didn't shut down the internet (;
And perhaps sitting in front of this large picture window was not the best place to reach into my jeans and remove this wedgie ...
Good morning people
Our about us blurb on is outdated. Is there someone I can speak to about updating it?
Getting my nose pierced Saturday!
Roadtrip snacks: yogurt pretzels, bananas, Cheetos ... and bad gas station coffee in a styrofoam cup.
but the question is..Was it a fair ball?
Seriously?That's sad food news 4 SD MT Blanca in Solana Beach will be replaced with... Woody's Wharf. Menu written in "Tourist Font."
We'll be tweeting from the #outrageousbiz competition at . today. Prof. Murray Low is currently introducing judges.
just saw that beckett's whole golf thing was before he was scratched. i thought it was on the day he was scratched. typical non-story story
in need of a cigarette
I like taking the train and all but I can't imagine being on this for longer than a day.
A big-ass Oakland welcome to Malik Abdul Siegel, brand new firstborn of !
right on thanks: )
clearly no deer hunting here. dad: "yeah i sat up in a tree all day and waited with a knife for one to come by and jump on it."
Just shot you a DM, but it looks like you've already tracked down the goat. Cheers!
So sleepy. School school school and some more
Lebron still got 2 whole inches of forehead exposed even with that thick ass headband on ..damn bruh!!!
I don't care about who's our next #president in 2012 we're all gonna die from them anyways!?
poor memory. I recall prop D now, but wasn't totally aware of whole pic; knew would help closing budget shortfall
Is the Fareye returning?
just listening to RDWolff...about austerity...when the Greeks refuse to pay...the financial snowball will begin downhill
If your digital agency says they'll make your video viral, they lie. You can create a stellar video and it MIGHT go viral...
...and Thanks for the badass picture Tweet! Im gonna make that my new Twitter background! ...as soon as i figure out how ;-)
Looking forward to meeting up with Udesign4U... It's time to look at sample leathers and hardware
Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom in order to learn a valuable lesson!!!
OMG. I havent been on twitter for like 1OOOOOOOO years. Jeez. Am i dead? D: Talk to be peopless(:
GATOR FOOTBALL!
and we love that you love free stuff. Wonder what the giveaway will be?
car it is... Henry Ford reference
Advice from an ex-SBUX barista: Next time order a Black Eye (coffee + 2 shots).
More #LobsterRumble love for
co-sign. Highlights for us were the Knife, Boards of Canada, and Massive Attack. You?
Test message.
The defense is horrible. Lack of a scoring big man is hurting this team
hahah u know what I mean
I took out a second mortgage and bought/installed every font in existence. Worth it.
How do I misplace an entire sprue?
thank Natalie...things do get better...and better some more :)
Get the right people on the bus and in the right seat. Jim Collins
Happy Easter(:
GOOD MORNING....
Thanks Paris Hilton, Well said. You are AWESOME.
are you guys playing moonstruck!?
Easy Saturday then I have my big interview for reality tv tomorrow.
we getting those Friday?
Good call on Comet Coffee! It was delicious!!
DERF is Fred the other way around, not Dref lol ;)
Bball league game Praying that I don't play like a pos - again
Today's doodle is St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. Celebrating it's 450th birthday today.
Morgan Pressel signing right now at the Merchandise Pavilion
In a meeting the previous director's term was referred to as a "regime".
if you're interested in an internship contact
I know that's sad for you, but it's pretty much the greatest thing ever for me. Skype date soon?
Dear teacher I already know how to make a power point please stop repeating yourself!!!! Thanks
THEN YOU GUYS MIGHT BE ABLE TO COME TO MY PARTY
Gonna try and get a Lord Tensai article done before the Royals start.
I will laugh really, REALLY hard at every Red Wings fan if the Pens still win.
haha, its a good one nevertheless. On a slightly related note, have you seen "What Dreams May Come"?
mahomie slumber part
I Cried When I had my first little paranormal experience. Lmfao.
Again with the screens on 3rd down, no wonder we can't convert!
Holding down nights on 103.7 KISS FM for the rest of the week! Guess I should do something!!
You are more than welcome. Passes will be available after 6PM today. Hope that helps!
Looking good! Best of luck with launch today!
Gave up icecream for lent #epicFAIL RT Icecream anyone? Today's free cone day at all Ben and Jerry's stores.Any flavor you want!
Headache---go away, you bitch.
Personal branding! Spot the Bigfoot -- even the metaphorical ones, oh -- in every Cathy C. Hall story!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS!!!!!!
Have a bless & productive day everyone "Most of the time we already know the answer(s) to the answer that we R seeking, it's already in us"
Woohoo Pay Day tomorrow!!! Fuck yeah! Wait...... I was off like 6 days the past two weeks
Kimora Lee Simmons’ Favorite Fashionable Males of 2011 (PHOTOS) Resident fashionista Kimora Lee Simmons shared with Celebuzz her picks
my parents are such psychos when it comes to me driving alone.. clearly I'm not a terrible driver if I got my license....
the song is really nice and i made it in a studio this would like this song hopefully ull see this !!!!
Tonight we have a Mojito. This Elderflower Liqueur is perfect for spring. If you try one let us know what you think
great idea :) happy shopping!
Who wouldn't love you?!?
kid released hamilton in his ESPN
We are very saddened to hear about your recent experience at our store. We value your business & hope to see you again soon.
Junk Mail box has messages from Article Marketing Robot. Thanks for being honest
70% surveyed said would use a QR code again or for first time. 87% scan QR codes for coupons.
Remember, the state of this moment and your life are nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind and spirit
I love it when a plan comes 2gether.
yay I wanna be in it! Kk I'll get the app :)
FAITH! I have it...and I will make it through this next leg of the semester. I believe, trust, and know that this to shall pass. :)
when!? Are you a gemini?
Had a gr8 meeting with Mercedes at SuperValu. Knowledgeable, helpful, personable--and super advice!
I hope you didn't bet!! LOL
come to Bare or Liquid
I wasn't looking that close, but I did notice a lot missing addresses, job info.
My lil puppy is attacking my cousin!!!!!!!!!ah
Ahahahahahahahahahaha!! Did she recognize you?!
I'd do anything for you..but you want something that Im not.
Everybody go to wsm.com real fast and listen to the opry. My honey will be on in a little bit. Anything else exciting? not for me.
Bird chases bug.
I haven't given a general Roll Tide in a while. So, Roll Tide.
Menu at Cuernavaca next Thurs: chips & guac, chicken tacos, beef tostadas, cheese enchiladas, rice and beans, & bunuelos!...
Every day when you enter your office, remind yourself that you are working for the Lord in all you do.
Two students give articulate testimony on how ASSET would help them. HS civics teacher now speaking in support.
You spoke, we listened! Starting on Monday, Gingham will have full-service lunch. No more lines, enjoy your gingHAMburger without the wait!
Also working on A Very Short Introduction to Modern Japan. Fascinatingly informative.
Monday night kickball with the team was awesome! We didn't win, but we'll get them next time. :)
Ole Miss is f'in TERRIBLE
I forget 23 like I forget 17 And I forget my first love, like you forget a daydream
I'd been as a kid many times, but I love it much more now that I can appreciate cities.
I wish someone will knock on my door and give me a bunch of free chocolate ice cream. hmm yum'yum :)
Today was long long AF
I'm not getting any younger .. I wanna have a puppy .. 8-D
This morning we'll be @ menaul/carlisle area, panhandling for our Crimestoppers program. Then in the afternoon, we'll be busting panhandlers
Im sleepy :I
The Elias Sports Bureau just announced that Tim Tebow will have his stats kept by a chimp. Who has been taught to count all the way to 9.
I didnt give a fuck yesterday, I don't give a fuck today, and there's a 99.98756% chance I'm not gonna give a fuck tomorrow.
at least you found your keys. Did you?
Interesting, but statement at bottom is worrisome. No citations of sources to support views and ideas?
The 1st ever Great American Songbook Hall of Fame will honor Cole Porter, Marilyn n Alan Bergman, and Barry Manilow.
damn u... Clear ass fuckin pics.. As long as I own an Android, we shall no longer be friends :/ this decision needs to be made
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you hang out with the most ratchet person in the whole world
u r supposed to be campaigning not hula hooping and flash mobbing!
“: #3WordsOfAdvice never say never”
Thank you for the mention!! I hope you are doing well.
no plans. Let me know if you want company. Otherwise, we'll be watching at our house. All are welcome.
That's Betta
Whoa. They didn't tell you how to manage hypoglycemia? Maybe that will help control the migraines better?
How do you normally dress? In a Jacabunny suit? ;) Happy Mother's Day!
And the winning streak continues
John L. Smith taking over Arkansas. Hop on the bangwagon while you can
Brand new CUTE summer clothes smh
so does this mean that MBAs don't use libs, or that UofMinn aren't buying books MBAs want? Just askin...
Silent Assassin
It's honestly a form of torture... "Tell me, or I play the song!" RT OMG, K4K really needs a new darn jingle!!
HOLOGRAM .MY BAD SHITT!!
Had a great time working with and on the "Briefcase" looking forward to the feature, "Double Fury"
Bottomlinesecrets for people in the know. Subscribe
So if i could pick 10 players to put on the field for a baseball team with todays players this would be my team: Joey Votto 1stbse (cont.)
oh okay. I never when on Disney website before.
fall asleep in a strange pretty girls bed. WILL WAKE UP IN A BATH OF ICE WITH KIDNEYS STOLEN
I like the banana Rama but do you wanna hear a calculus joke?
must a been a good night
": I'm ready to go to NYC !" right here witcha! its gon be liiivvee
RT Airplane wing as viewed from two seats back.
#YouWereCuteUntil Your free 30-day trial of Adobe Photoshop expired
RT : Leadership is developed, not discovered. Anonymous
Texas road house wiff mommy and my lil bitch of a sister .
": Kevin Hart is funny af"
And a Happy Arbor Day #FF right back at ya!
As a Mets fan I am ashamed of the attempt of one of our players taking the cheap way out in trying to win a batting title today.
RT : #sadtweet Last episode of season.
I had a client one parole for 99yrs. Think! What would that do to your psyche?
I'm tweet around the clock
A great way to keep my heart forever is to consistently cook for me. I will stay in love!
haha I seriously do too! I remember being at the fair when Alex and I took the picture
"America is too great for small dreams"
aww we should all go together i miss you guys!!!!
This week's Custom and Micro Beds are up, featuring a special cut inspired by Lady Gaga! Check it out on #productionvault!
That's Finna be her big break lowkey
ha ha...maybe I'll start judging a book by the title then. :)
go mayhem big hammer!
Good Morning Tweetie-flies. Thrilling Thursday. Do something exciting in your life. Be thankful and show love. Peace & Blessings.
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder ...Come on guys help and trend!!! RT RT!!!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1880 the first "hail insurance company" was incorporated as the Tobacco Growers’ Mutual Insurance Company.
48 million people own a mobile phone but don't have electricity.
Dinner with Elmore and Peter
Ahh, congrats! Ever since I started following your blog, I've been rooting for you :) You're an inspiration!
may I have a follow back please? :)
lol i see you baby
can we Skype?? Please. I really need to talk to someone
Best friend of mine died last night in a car accident. I'll miss you and never forget you hannah:'(
Girls they want him, guys they wanna be, who's that boy who's that boy<3 tell me who's that, who's that.
You're usually the voice of reason, instead you let a commentator with a conflict of interest talk over you.
Niggas goin overboard wit this boosie shit he not no biggie , no pac , no nas , no jay z , and no lil Wayne
“: . has endorsed for county supervisor.”
Life is great now that I have iTunes Match setup. All my music, on all my computers & devices, stored in the cloud!!
I think it's time to open shop in a new makeup studio.
Yeah, but something happened along the way that I don't entirely still understand. But eh.
Ha! That's kind of funny but she brings up a point...when does it cross the line?
Great to see you, too - and looking forward to a #RockBand night sometime soon!
I knew you'd understand Tj.(:
Thanks Mike!!
Ha! “: I wonder how bananas people went on March 14, 1592 #PiDay”
Heart crayons for valentines day!!!
Hey guys, you know what's great about hatred? It goes with everything.
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
Who has POV??? I can't wait to hear.
i just beat angry birds seasons with 3 stars on each level :)
are u still in Cali?
He's probably the hot tub type
prolly this girl i know...or Heard...
I haven't attended company sexual harassment training yet, so I have no idea what any of you are talking about
does anyone know if the forbes and GQ magazine that justin is featured in are out yet?
just now ANY win is something!
he was, wasn't he? x) did you go?!:O
how sweet...
fat ass!!! Bill just tell u later. is chai up?
hoarders...omg! Crazy people!! But charlie sheen is whore-ding at home! :P
RSVP Now! Only 100 #free tickets left for tonight's #concert -► www.johnbaptistrecords.com - Go & reserve your #FREE tickets
Hate when people get in the way
oh, that sounds lovely. have an excellent time!
Happy birthday to mi mama, I'm so thankful and blessed to have such a strong single mother and guidance in my life, I love you Mom <3
At least 5 trucks lined single file at the light. The last truck was sticking out in the other lane. I inched my car up so the rest could 2
thanks so much haha we love you!!
#ProjectX is a party I wish I could throw.
yea she did in he stupid for going back like haven't he ever heard the phrase once a charter always a cheater! Smh he so dumb!
Omg so excited that are having a concert at MSG, I'm getting tickets for this one and not taking no for an answerr <3
If you tell me you hate something i do, it just makes me wanna do it more. Lbvs
let me guess lame glories, chiles, b.j in Downey Fucken lame
Leaders in hoops also come up w/big buckets, make big passes 2 the open man and comes up with huge stops and dives on loose balls
Had a great evening volunteer night! Happy to do anything I can to get SB-2 (Civil Unions) to pass in #CO!!!!
Its one of those nights isn't it?
Son Ryan took final senior test yesterday. Effectively done w high school. So strange.
I usually don't talk to much on fb
May you be happy,may you be peaceful, may you be free from suffering.
Please god let today be a good day :)
Bahahaha, this made my Friday.
They say I'm a doctor now. ha ha
Will you ever follow me?
phew .... is still in there
Lakers Thunder should be telling...
Are you talking about me?! I totally need a cape!
Dnt need a boyfriend or boytoy....AQUARIUS needs a ##Partner=TEAMMATE...Why that's hard to understand..UGH!!!
MEOW!!!! When is Jules free? Consider it done!
i remember when i used to have time to call u back :(
Congratulations to all those accepted and welcome to The Ohio State University College of Medicine!!!
#civilwar FOTD. Born on this day in 1822, CSA Brigadier Generals Leroy Augustus Stafford and William Stephen Walker... (continued)
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Epic Fail
Having flowers delivered early gives Mom a head start sharing pictures on Facebook and making you look like a super hero.
never ... but was faster at responding today ;)
I'll play you in a game of bmx.
Totally agree! It feels normal #LA weather!
:( fine i guess ill wait then.
The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden
She ratcchheettt RT : I'm going to prom in sweats &amp; my hair in a bun.
lol yes ma'am ! Just tryna get this money
#Globalwarming on agenda at my Rotary Club lunch this week. Speaker is outstanding, but some rumbles from members about "hoax," etc. We'll c
I Work Hard All Night Like I'm On 90px
I'm about to drift off into a food coma
I miss you too girl! Summer starts in less then a week, I'll be there son(:
haha my picture looks funny meeh face is like stretched
he doesn't have the flu, and how can you tell, it's only the 1st quarter
from where
thanks for the follow check out #teamf2a & the podcast
Thank you - I see that now that you mention it and saw it on Fb!
I haven't been to St. Alfred's yet...does that mean I'm not a true #Sneakerhead??
I have a crush on Future. There I said it.
Amazing photos. Nice job Drift Photography. Heading to base camp in April. Any tips on a good camera that's easy to use?
watch your mouth...
glad to know i'm not the only person crabby about this derek!
At least I'm not the only one who has noticed this.
Shelton Johnson with a nice tackle to stop Lewis for no gain. 2nd and 10 for White.
's book on Progressive Enhancement is next for sure but it was 's last night
So TAKEN 2 is a real thing. Don't know how they can really top the first film, unless they somehow triple the body count.
F James Harden
sweet yea dude I'll walkie talkie you haha.
My leg hurts so bad! ),: I hope its not broken! Ughh it sucks getting hurt cause you feel like you can't do anything yourself /:
Looking forward to 5/16! RT YAY! I'm excited to see you both! :)
on was EPIC! Power Tools rock! International Superstar DJ Carlo Astuti is taking this game by Storm, watch out!
#FantasyFootballChampion! Sorry , next year...
i love not having to wake up so early,sleeping in much better!
but in a way, I feel like I would be gaining the whole world and losing my soul if i did that.. and I DON'T want to do that.
As a fan, I want the best for Britney. And if she didn't want to do something or didn't feel ready to do something, she wouldn't do it.
He'll get to play more at Chelsea than at City, and will get paid more at CFC than United.
He is, and they haven't said a word on the broadcast as of yet.
I'm thinking it's a combination: didn't dry well underneath & had a spray tan last wk. My skin is becoming more & more sensitive!
Awards presentation starting. Excited to be hanging with #NWARK friends at
sometimes i feel like Mr. scrooge rich and lonely im not rich but still lonely
Close calls, meaning others who came close. Michael, Whitney, Janet, Madonna, George Michael, the list goes on
Pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in their class <<
Looking forward to learning your insights on monetizing LinkedIn for today's BMA CHI Breakfast
3 days - 3 good runs. time to pick up the pace to get ready for august 1st.
Recipe will be on the week before Mother's Day!
I'll ask, then text youu if i'm allowed?
Would you also ask "What's the difference between this paper document and its microfilmed version?" Important distinction, imho.
"You live with your mother!" Correction: "No! My mother lives with me."
I have an interview after school, ugh i don't feel like staying.
deepthroat down riverside sparkin up the hashish mindfuck the lil smut scene in the backseat
Hey Yong Hee! Thanks for the RT. How are you?
With Rick Santorum back in Pennsylvania, the future is brighter for the GOP up and down the ticket, says the leader of the Log Cabin Repu
no :-( I meant CR- lived there for 3 yrs
#MrMom Chocolate Cake. Parenting by Cosby!
Trying to book several business travel flights on and the prices seem higher than ever...not competitive either. Disappointed.
In order to make it to your goals you have to take the first step.
show on April 15th at IU is gonna be the
Hi ladies! Any decisions on a CSA. I'm still pondering.
Looking forward to warm weather @ end of week!
I worrie to much
good to see you Tuesday. Thanks for stopping in. You always light up our shop with your energy.
Each decision we make is an important decision.
I'm trying to make important wedding decisions and tells me he's too busy reading tweets.
Trying to hide from someone is kinda hard lol awkward how he wasn't even inside the room and I tried all that for nothing ..
I keep having nightmares about filing.
What a Beautiful day!! : )) It's 80degrees and sunny!!
85 is torturous, man. ;)
Ha!! RT : the best part of my evening was running into on foursquare and in real life.
heads up, just sent you an email inquiring about scheduling onsite #BbCollab training at
Birds of prey do not flock together. ~ Portuguese Proverb
Of course its crap. The classic "summer intern" stry; whn I interned 4 Roll Call, I wrote a "fnny" Tp 10 list tht was def nt "news."
Hey bro
I heard that it was considered "classless" or "tacky" in those parts of the world.
I dont believe that at all. Unless his parents already have money he will go to a big school.
lol mines too that's because i drop mines bout 3 times lol
I want to delete my page and start a new one
Sometimes walking away from an unbearable person is the best solution.
If deep down in yall heart think the Pacers gonna win 4 games against the Heat kill yoself LOL
Beautiful day in the NW. Been out in the garden all day -- I love Spring!
HAVE YOU LAUGHED YET TODAY?????????- Ellen's Hilarious Scare Montage
I'm bout to ride ya ahh ( chaz voice )
I forgot how much fun this is
Its OK, Aiden can advise us on lyrics, he's a big fan
ah. She snap at ya?
My stress level is literally through the roof. I feel a heart attack coming on soon.
Motivated reasoning drives the world.
Just got home from seeing the Avengers and that movie was awesome!!!!!!!!!
hey you (:
excited to be a part of the cabinet with and :D
Daniel Bryan is a jobber!!!
can't wait to see you guys!
Hard at work prepping for the LA Times Festival of Books (), or LATFOB, as we like to call it. Sounds like an expletive.
wayne, weezy baby, , young money -- i love you boy. great night all around
haha. Tequila, margarita mix and kombucha.
Budgets cuts mean 100 fewer food-safety inspectors in Canada
I WANT PHIL.
#that1friend who knows she would get more followers if she puts her bra as her avi instead of her face...
Carolyn Kirio about to speak on Go!Animate in science class. Another non-research paper option.
hey thanks! Thanks for checking us out. We are recording a new album soon so well let all our followers know about it! :-)
Perhaps he was prepared by same person in charge of his communications :Maloney not as prepared as I would have thought
Great weekend, halloween party Friday night and three birthday parties on Saturday!!! So much fun! I was an IPod Shuffle Dancer-
listen closely, and don't stop working. no one can tell you who you are. GINGERBREAD MAN.
About to work out... summer getting close i have to be on point
This Sat, Dec 3rd, 9a-7p! Kick off the Holiday Season w/ discounts, yummy food samplers, live music, carolers and more!!
Amen. Did what I could to cover the young guns/contemporary #BAM side of things... lots more to explore, though!
Ew don't say that.
Happy Mother's Day to all those great doggie moms who have given a second chance to our Lucky Dogs! We Love You!
We in our last days
I know right!! Should NOT be this devastated!
My aunt calls mayonnaise "American sauce."
hey can you listen to something and let me know what you think? you have to keep it secret though..:)
I need to stop goin out to BUY what I WANT to eat and jus cook what I already HAVE to eat. spendin too much money on unnecessary shxt lol
Friday afternoon poll: is there an art project I can make out of misc business cards obtained at conferences and meetings?
How in the world does the NCAA allow coaches to be interviewed within a half of a basketball game?
cause i miss you, don't have nobody to act up with.. i need a hug, :'-(
I be faded & thinking about the same person. Always. I feel like it will forever be them alcohol brings back.
Local commercials shouldn't be allowed on draft day
Thank you for the follow! Check in on Monday for Music Mondays!
Huh. its amazing what you manage to request when you are..sleeping at work or something, huh?
That may be... but You'll always be my beautiful princess. *:3*
AND the cutest thing in the world
Thanks Jeff!
I wake up in the morning feeling like Ruth Bader, um... I mean P. Diddy.
Im obsessed with Batman.
Taking antibiotics for the 1st time in over 7 years! Holistic hunneys, any tips to lessen the stress on my immune system?
SelenaG&NickJreplyStayNelena. First of all a legend just died and bs like this is trending. Second of all, SHE IS WITH JUSTIN. Get over it.
O i need to go swimming
Take a shot at guessing our #CyberMonday deal in the next hour & get a whole line of Lichi products FREE for just guessing right!!
Another old Ricky Gervais interview where my head is discussed - Night of Too Many Stars, before his first stand up in the US bit.ly/xifqvv
Should I make a list of stuff I would rather be doing then going to church? Because it would be infinitely long...
Haha glad I'm not the only one that noticed
Hey, #Netflix, drop the ads on #Limbaugh and I'll check out your free trial offer.
RiP Donna Summer :[ we will remember
I never failed once. It just happened to be a 2000-step process. — Thomas Edison
If someone called me three times in a row I'd probably die from an anxiety/panic attack.
Of course. And then they get that LOOK as I try to explain it really was broken 20 minutes ago.
feel better
My advisor on the fact that me & his other RA from last year were replaced by 2 attractive young ladies: "It's definitely a visual upgrade!"
Still up with yolo all nighter
Why I live in NYC: I can now walk or bike to work everyday through Central Park.
Andy Borowitz: Palin says that if one of the GOP candidates doesn't work out she could step in, which I guess would make her Shemp.
26% of on-air Top Chef viewers watched online transmedia content (Last Chance Kitchen). Impressive.
So far you are the best local news tweeter I've seen. Some of the others are very inconsistent-- you seem wired. Good work!
I'm still hoping he comes back in the bonus round! He is so cute and did such a great job at our wedding in Memphis.
Just ordered the CD. Bonus: there's bassoon on at least one track! RT Happy to announce my new album is available starting today!
see..u need more American in you! Oops. Sounded dirty. Sorry. Lol
": what's your favorite song at the moment?"--Joan Osborne's "I Don't Need No Doctor"
thank you!!!
The WH created a convenient tool to petition government. Instead of complaining, why not encourage people to use it?
From ob/gyn to chipotle to jewelry store to costco to bank, ones infers things about another's life. Congrats!
Back to philly
here after a brisk week. looking forward to some great insights.
Awww!!! How sweet!!! XOXO I appreciate that Scott!
Every day I push and keep trying and everyday I praise God for the Victory~BAMM.
Ready for some football. Hopefully Asa is too!
Bucs using all their time. Well, they missed out on Claiborne so who knows who theyll pick
Come buy your shots from me tonight!!
Lisa Sun: If you are applying from a non-target school, your application will be online. Get in by asking someone to refer you.
What about old school bar. I wonder if they have some open spots there...
The Linderella story has sadly come to an end. Back to reality now
big episode of veep this sunday
7 die in N.Y. SUV crash
Great to meet you too! Thanks for stopping by and supporting Brew Hey Hey.
Panel: Undocumented children have right to education
rainy..on the couch watching Highlander :(
2 important lessons learned this year: 1st, 1 way ppl say no is by saying nothing. 2nd, yes can come in amazing ways..if you are open to it
lol.okay.just checking.
haha oh it happened. And I was reading Catching Fire :)
how's that may I ask?
Good morning tweepz! It's Friday,it friday in my be blessed guys.
help me w/ my goal ppl= reaching 100 followers
i love food hell yeah
then why do ya'll do that to me
awesome time at the game with ...but why did they decide to start scoring after we left? #Kids=
cool. Just checking in and making sure ur okay :-)
i'm giving up giving up things.
:( Stupid laptop. I hope it perks up soon!
small world! I miss my jersey guys. Not the same in florida. Send bill my best. I hope to see Frank in a couple of weeks.
y u no retweet?
hate it when i wait for one bus a million hours and when one comes, 2 other buses are tagging along at the back!!
He loves other girls...
It makes me jealous how i cant come to NY and meet you :'(
Readyy for the Weekend??
bingo! I know some folks. Would be fun to have cooked on-premise tho. Just depends where.
Overheard @ a game of pictionary: "everyone knows the universal symbol for poop is like a cloud with stink lines coming off of it"
Goodbye #DickClark. Those American Bandstand clips will never get old.
How to cut $100 billion of non-defense discretionary spending | Len ...
excuse me Hell no
You're just somebody that I used to know.
at least the person you responded to didn't hear it!
Hey, check your Facebook messages!
4 races in the books!! Our very own has now finished 1st, 2nd, 3rd, & 4th... Leads the season in points! Anyone in Iowa??
alright I got you
lmbo u r spoiled lol and afternoon Boss Lady :)
Yeah...i was super proud of that Jiminey Cricket.
#StopOahuRail All the propaganda on how a 20 mile rail will create jobs & reduce traffic is full of crap. I have some lava land any takers.
I'm in a Fleetwood Mac kinda mood :)
RT 74-64 Rams win and will face Drexel in the CAA Finals tomorrow. Congratulations Rams!
Topic on family feud: Kentucky. I GOT THIS
of course we follow back. Are you local to Atlanta?
I have a sudden urge to go to San Antonio and spend the night.And Natural Bridge Caverns. And Corpus Christi. And the Grist Mill. And Austin
Gallery Hop "officially" runs 4pm-10pm TODAY! Barrel 44 is open 'til 2:30am so you can grab drinks before, during, and after!
i just got new ones, hopefully they work out. i hate going for the exams
Delta Goodrem - Delta Goodrem Plays Matchmaker For Joe Jonas - Contactmusic.com
Watching Missing with Viggle Thu | 8PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Now i'm all excited. You better stop somewhere and buy a hat on the way home.
Now I see why Grammys ran past 11 pm. Probably cuz Nikki was so R rated
im out at dinner, sorry.
I had a bread crumb in my bra lol
I feel sorrwful.
I know right? She's amazing lol. :)
. YES! Enough with the veiled messages. Loved the press conference, but now I'm getting frustrated...
racial issues are so fucked you in your racial commentary arent even comfortable to say Nigger. Racial blindness is bs.
All my niggas rock gold tizneeths... Believe it or not nigga no Ripleys
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an Autographed item for a charity event coming up soon?
Lady with no butt making rookie mistakes.
Don't mean to be an ingrate. I love the warmer temps, but don't feel ready to trade in tights and boots for bare legs.
I feel like you'd be a worthy connect 4 opponent
If you are worried about a title, then you are worried about the wrong thing.
Damn.. Lol y u so hot?
Omg mom. STFU.
Hey college hockey teams, don't click those links in your DM box. As Admiral Ackbar would say, "It's a trap!"
Time is not on my side right now...can't wait to get home and relax!
Good morning & happy Monday... Starting the week off right by hitting the gym.
I'm not a cheater! I dont cheat.
Congratulations to on winning
no way! I didn't mean that in a bad way. You're just the only one I know who spins! I imagine that is what it's like!
B2B marketing can be easier because they have more invested in the purchase - more engaged. Linkedin rocks!
I'm getting a refund from WCG on Wed. A couple places didn't take AmEx.
with Scribble... is the "border-bottom: 1px dotted #C" intended to be seen under the header nav?
Cleaning up the bathroom jamming
Voted for #LPC national exec positions. Now to wait for the results.
Few jobs as a fan, one of them is to boo the 'fake to 3rd throw to 1st' move by the opposing pitcher.
Good points. We prefer our sake chilled but see how this could be too general a remark + some DO benefit from age. Thanks!
going shopping again...
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. ~Ambrose of Milan via MT
When a child is hurt there are consequences that affect the child for the rest of their life
Derek I fucking hate you. All you do is hurt her. You're so Fucking selfish. ugh!
- Thanks for the RT! Have a great rest of the week.
Two things you should do before end of year. 1. Read #Rework and 2. Go see #MI:4
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week , yesterday I voted for
I need some rest today
Hooray!!!!!!! Congrats!
if violence is a disease then everybody in my city got it
Did you know that shutters come in several colors other than white? They can be pearl, vanilla, or sandstone shades. (oh, a pun!)
dance Of the week "pou gasol" my own creation!
I have 5 percent on my phone, but I'm just too damn lazy to put it on the charger -____-
“You, Amy, have an extraordinary sense of beauty,” Judge Calabresi said. “You, Cary, have an intellectual depth & a sweetness of soul.”
If you could live in any other country in the world for one year, which country would it be?
“: #NW Robot Chicken” Too Funny ain't it.
dad: “: Transitioning to 1 crutch,”
What's your "must have" dish at Big City Tavern?
WAAAH im gonna cry.
Embrace the present moment with gratefulness and wonder, and you will turn it into whatever you have been waiting for.
home from school !:)
I'm from Philly 2 :) what part of Philly do you live in ? I'm in Mayfair :)
Leaving for Italy today!
apparently it's national gourmet coffee day? i'm celebrating with a massage!
Pancreatic Cancer Action Network
Thanks, Aaron:)
just unfollowed every newspaper. twitterfeed nice and uncluttered by already-read headlines
A Turkish coffee from Hoda’s on Fremont might be the perfect thing to warm you up tonight!
oh lol im alone... bored now
YES! "how can tech smart, entrep creatives help libs? serve on the board, share expertise, co-work in libs, ask Qs".
I saw you in Shanes video. You were amazing!
naaaaaa man, that's what you think
Awesome. We're still decorating Portland in honor of your arrival, whenever that may be!
Lowest rates in town! Cars near you right now! 206-722-7696
Bored to heck downloading music yah
cool see you there!
No tengo amigos
right those are good numbers. I was stating that WAR is flawed that Yuni had a -2 WAR last year. Think WAR isn't always perfect
Holy multitasking!
......and Both Elle & Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!
Funny how , and I all have legitimate reasons to move to Florida after school.
- your comment system is b0rked on Chrome/Mac
not as well connected in NYC as I am in BOS - but i'll keep my ears open for ya!
. yayyy glad you like the new post :) hope your weekend was fab! xoxo
Spend yesterday with 20 brilliant people. I'm so excited about what is being planned for later this year, but I can't tell you yet...
JEW FRO! #wow #TheJenShow RT I hate Jen, I hope she drops a phone on her face and gets a hairbrush stuck in her Jew fro.
www.whoistrillogy.com Follow N learn a thing or two
hahaha not really!
#FOLLOW #FIRDAY THESE LOVELY LADIES
haha YEEUH found my dad stash!
Good morning! I'm feeling great today. I get to see my sweetie later. I still don't know what I'm making for dinner, though.
:)) thanks so much for the vote of confidence. Means a lot!
been chillin, bball practice & what not. How u been
Where are the jobs in genomics? professor quoted in
omg andrea are you kidding
Seriously people, stop doing the wave.
Woke up hungry & forgot my lunch at home -_-.
Think about it...think about your life...and step outside of what the present brings...and be thankful that you are alive another day to
no i dont think so i dont like to watch san antonio..if that dont work out i hope the heat play the lakers im at that game
How do you recognize a Pro-Love advocate? Look for the Pro-Love t-shirts.
I want my skin (with tattoos) to be preserved and either a. Put in a museum.. Or b. in my shop The Rest of me can be cremated Fo sho.
I can't wait to eat some REAL food! Fuck! Getting your tonsils out is no fun!
Angels fire hitting coach Mickey Hatcher, notifying millions on Twitter that Mickey Hatcher worked for the Angels.
no problem
when i fix the final peice of my phone.
Smithtown is eagerly awaiting to grace it with his presence tonight
(Ksenia) I will be tweeting now (mostly me, come other folks as well) for - follow me there!
Things I dislike about #NYC - nothing.
Hobos. The Beauty of Breakdance. Elefante Grande. Big Biceps. 1976 (great year).
It was the most horrific dream of life 😖 my dreams are too crazy 😲
correction I'm a fun influence :)
Woke up at 2:30AM to catch a 6am flt. It's now 7am & we're still sitting at gate.
I Have to....Day By Day, I'll grt over it...
you mad cooling best friend
You know everyone keep saying well that's your mom, #Not At All
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach
A huge congratulations and thank you to Kate McChrystal for raising almost $500 yesterday by hosting a delicious brunch!
HORNY!!! anyone horny out there?? That will like to have a hot conversation??
Responded to FIRE @ 47 Furman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207. Red Cross auto update.
Come in this week if you're out shopping, we have a delicious new menu!
i'm sorry for ur loss lance
DCCRAA mtg is about to begin!
If ur tweets is a line from a rappers song everyday ur whack- google something else :p
"On Saturdays, we wear pink...to Harvard"
Who's going to win a championship first, Kobe Bryant or Tom Brady?
To the desert of the real
Any TVD BTR or Secret Life fans follow and i will follow back
I'll be there!
Alarming: Is a Second Great Depression Bearing Down on Us?
help trend
Congrats to for winning the $30 Gift Certificate to For Goodness Grape! Ck my blog for details to claim your prize! Yay!
Having trouble getting #The eNotated Sailing Alone Around the World to Australian blogger.
tried Prezi, liked the concept, felt the transitions distracting. Wish I'd seen the presentation. have you tried comapping.com?
Just wrote a banger !!
so i burnt the roof of my mouth yesterday eating pizza, and now it hurts to eat anything
Time waits for no man, neither do I.
Loving that song Look Around by that just played on
I am sitting here listening to the song "Angel Flight" and crying like a baby
its over to fast we want more ice loves coco #need more shows
when are you coming to florida love? (:
start smoking right now!!
welcome to packnation! Greatest franchise and fans in history. Glad ur a part of it now!
On the alameda county books!!
really upset right now. not even the normal upset anymore. i'm just done.
One minute left to go!
People surround themselves with fake superficial people and then complain how much they hate fake people
Real conversation going on on tweeter...way better then fb.
you are the one I turn to everyday, I know you will always be there for me thru everything. I love you so much.
I didn't. He had the grossest dress ever. Ew.
Im not gonna get hurt, so take my hand as we take this slow.
Are they just trying to get a rise out of you?
it was great meeting you and hearing about your research (which is not as dated as you might think!) ...nice job on the Q&A. :-)
Chase Your Dreams
Thanks so much for helping us spread the word about this series. We'll make sure you get some yummy chocolate!
youre supposed to try and cheer me up meanie :p
ATLGETREADY4ME the link is highlighted in blue on my twitter page if you have trouble accessing it let me know also when you
"Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly"
thanks, was wondering why it was taking so long to come up... Either way, good times!
Meh: Whether they accept the model depends entirely on their theoretical experience and your own skill at explaining. ;-)
I don't want my children living in that world
NO im not last time i checked i was on the honor roll IF thats dumb Then wats smart
starting the webinar. it is a webi kinda day
suburbia trash monsters. I wanna love and dance... Again.
just hand everyone a drink and suddenly everybody gets along #ilovecollege goodnight y'all.
Thank You Tony for the amazing Holiday diplays! :)
Guess we gotta settle for redbox :S what a life.
Hi Heather, cool pic! We hope you had a great time with us this weekend!
says the teacher that limits web resources in papers is likely going home to use web resources for their lesson plan
I love my job
Bout to go eat
DUDE OH MY GOSH → ← IS SO FREAKINGG HOT LIKE NO JOKE<3
mayweather does not lose
Back to searching for vendor/merchandiser leads for FANSHOES World Cup shoes.
it was your recommendation
my life has been bananas..but i have not forsaken our fried pickle rendezvous...:)
I tapped to click when I favorited.
Didn't say you were a stalker. Just wondering why you're tweeting fake data that supports obsessive, unhealthy thinking.
You are using to kill it then you turn really quickly and chuck the shoe at that spawn of the devil spider >:U.
I love him
Getting flowers in my hair compliments of for #parkingday !
your tweets are hilarious. Go knock on the neighbors' door! Report back.
Watching Independence Day
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS.
Even the horrific Duran Duran tune playing on 's muzak system can't diminish how much I'm loving this crab dish.
Ready for tomorrow.
No biggie, Terri! G'morning! :-)
#closeyoureyes trivia: the song's length is the same as our school address
Only look out for me and my team.
": fuck em, tell her that her man ain't shit!!" Tell her and that nigga to go suck a.....
key at top right of keyboard should be eject key.
Another rainy walking in their shoes. Dedicated community leaders raising awareness about the urgency of homelessness.
everybody needs a fence to lean on
oh, how I would LOVE to come down, but hubbie threatens divorce if I go & hasn't married me yet.
Hi everybody! Lurking & working on grad school stuff 2nite. Enjoying the sound of rain falling here in TX, big storm upon us
No me ago remponsable, de lo que la jente dice...
Heat and frozen drinks!? Now I miss Florida!
ur so welcome!
So Stoked to play some music tommorrow!
“: A thirst for ease without a stomach for the burden, will always keep a church feeling dry & empty.”
I'll never stop writing. People often ask when I will retire, but it's none of their business. Writing defines who I am. - B T Bradford
I'm having hh with your cousin twice removed, Joe Jarpe!!!
Be Prepped! January 22-28 is National Meat Week.
Getting ready to speak to area developmet district conf in Louisville. Excellent meetings here this morning.
"As an educator, I know that you can create a physical education program for your special needs students in only one day"...
Its really hard to put on bare minerals when you can't stop sweating. Amiright ladies? Downside of an upstairs bathroom.
You guys are the shit! ;D 2300, now lets go for 10,000 :)
and If you haven't had a sing-off yet, you guys should. A battle of the wordsmiths would be crazy.
If I can't fulfill the fantasy I can inspire it
Mike! Yes I am. There are some things I wanted to talk with about.
Tune in to this afternoon at 5:44 or 7:44 to hear & talk about gay Republicans.
and miss you girls! Also we are now please follow us there hope you dig the new tracks!.. Roger
Needs to stop taking pictures of me
D'Antoni needs to come back to 2 NYC as ex coach of the NY Knickerbockers
That annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
haha agreed! :P
thanks for a truly awesome job on our #e20 panel today. High point of the show!
When do you move? I'll bring the mint and the bourbon.
Shooting ball well and aggressive on D.
Game over bitch<3
Yes. I'm SO EXCITED!
I've seen the same football player 3 times today. I'm not stalking you, I promise.
Can you give any help finding weather info for I-68 west in Maryland into West VA? Conditions are poor. Can't find info online.
She's Tryna Buy Me KI Passes.
"Money is like manure.. " Probably mostly entered standard use with the musical "Hello Dolly!"? (1964)
When someone tells you to text them, So you text them, And they dont text back. <<<<
Ridiculousness and pizza rolls
It's a beautiful day out! Come on in for a burger & some shopping on the Avenue
Very ready for some qt Mayfair!
The weather has gotten hot here in Philly, but on a cooler day, I'd take it too!
When I see a web headline that refers to Dulles Access Highway I think "local?" I think not.
Web Performance Load Tester PRO™ 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
there is Target and Gander Mtn close by so maybe we can stop after dinner.
Same to you Donna.
595k. Ty again for the lucky coffee
wow, cowboy dreams following civilized hockey. You have me confused with a cold blooded shark.
thanks for helping spread the word!!
Had an absolutely excellent day.
Researchers use online crowd-sourcing to diagnose malaria - R &amp; D Magazine
HOORAY! I am a frogurt fiend.
Let me find out your ghost writting
[1] IDF gives security control of Palestinian towns to Arafat (1994) –> Palestinians began attacking Israeli motorists driving through.
Can't wait till Saturday with (((:
don't tell me our youth is running out
Working with analysts needs to become a "way of life" in your company Jim Le Tart RedPrairie
who wants an annoying ass follower
why thank you! SOMETIMES I cook for myself.... but only sometimes. Maybe you can teach me a thing or two!
Definitely back to this account for awhile. I miss it.
I would never do such a thing to you...EVER.
Thanks for the RTs & mentions
Happy 31st Birthday to I hope you have an amazing one! =D
Just found out about in Female Developer talk! Awesome resource & Love the color scheme!
give Leo a badly hug from me!
going to b a good weekend:))
Stomach hurt I need some food of in my shit
There's no drug around like what I found in u
Nursing a sick Rbtkttn. Of course years of vegetarian lifestyle wouldn't prepare you to take a giant hunter chomp of antelope.
hahaha. That might be a good starting point!
who are these sluts
totally agree re the web mobilizing on other issues. as ppl become more comfortable w/the medium, it's the 99%'s best tool.
Chillen with my bestfriends..., food and weed
ITS NOT WAT U THINK
love you boothang ! ;)
Could be a rough one for the #Cubs tomorrow. Using everyone in bullpen tonight, with quick turnaround and Volstad tomorrow.
Warriors are in the 7th slot now. With their luck, someone 8-14 will get into the top 3 and bump them out.
mos def. You ever come up to Annapolis for work?
word I feel you I'm heading to Pacha Saturday no plans on Friday let me know what you getting into
It's okay. Shirley put some on Arianna too & they were both climbing on me so it coulda been either one XD
Listening to #spotify is so much simpler now, not "who do i want to listen to?", just "which album do i want to listen to?"
just got in not ready to be in
#ITAOTC AfterParty feat a collection of the worlds most sought after DJs &
Patrol Sgt. Chuck Buckingham heard one of his favorites after pulling over someone going more than 70 mph. The driver claimed a grasshopp...
oh word word yeah I don't know but I'm sorta pissed seeing how you and me and mark were high scorers of every game...
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Kennedy mystique! Biography of Jackie Onassis – Jackie O. on the Coach.
Thoroughly enjoying my Cavs in The Garden right now.
School year is almost over and my teachers are still giving me tests :P
Mondays Specials: College Road Trip (Disney, Airing 8:00 Pm EST TIME) And is showing all of its Original movies today.
hahahahaha my mom just got hers . She's almost pro!! Ahhahaha !! So how are you :)!!!
Steeler nation baby
guy with the headband over his eyes cookin us
Maritime disputes were another cause leading to the
#WhyAmISoSleepy Your body is speaking to you...get some sleep!
I'm not coaching you.
omg hes flirting with u just flirt back god
it's the who gives a flying #### bowl!
thank's for all your support towards , he really appreciates it.
aw I missed you at the 50 Biscayne sales meeting!
so true
well shucks what can i say :) I'm super proud of my Marines, family and friends. :)
Watching americas mostwanted
I am disturbed by that.
But I guess that would be weird for a 14 year old...
LOL...you better come get him...LOL
the same lol
Finale and I are battling it out. Why can't I record in 6/8?
2.5 hours till kick off. Is anyone else getting excited?!?
Glad to have you joining us!! What do your offices look like?
when one door closes another one opens
who is buying it then???? LOL!
He put himself in a top political position on GOP campaign, we have a right to discuss his public actions. Going to get CRAZY
Your the reason I wake up every morning :)
The best advice seems to always come from Disney: just keep swimming....
I no a lot of Kobe haters
around with them I just did yesterday!
I've been watching a lot of old eps of on MTV Tres recently. So my Spanish is basically perfect.
Really enjoyed listening to #pdf11 livestream the past 2 days, since I couldn't make it in-person this year
RT : Adjourned til Thursday?! Really? Nothing to do for MN? No ability to end? Anyone home in the House?
At the Mavs game with !
Meryl is very good. Dustin Hoffman is great.
know what lady justice is, and how/why court system has grown. Multiple choice, you're screwed.
your challenge is accepted!!
Must think more about DH accessibility. It's harder than it should be to be a non-coder here.
107 capper's plays posted so far and 3 college and 1 NHL consensus so far and more to follow
boy u know u cant rap lol
At North Star Mall....
Thank you very much, and to you.
follow me please...i'm new in twitter,,,, :(
right -.- now imma get grounded like shit
Located in The Auto Collection is Jimmy Velvet & Elvis Presley’s 1977 Lincoln www.facebook.com/pages/The-Auto-Collections/115534588457016
Listening to the I Ching Gatos band practice. Currently on their song "Puro Wato Vato
yay!! in just 15 min. i will be doing the last chapter of my D&A course. :D
Do not ignore importance of continually training your people regardless of field, industry or professional. Reducing training costs more.
This is what I say in my head every minute, "Ahh! What is going on?"
My ex boyfriends >><<>><< some good some i wish i never met
Happy Easter everyone <3
- depends on what the meaning of "is" is!
One of the play date kids developed a weird rash...
There really isn't anything on tv in the middle of the day ugh i need something to do
I'm with you on that one. Track them Down and tear 'em up! xD
K.Williamson: And now will he ever be able to forgive himself and get back from it? And earn the love of a girl again? She'll love him, (c)
The only tim (besides, of course ) I want to hang out with is tim tam.
I can rap faster than Busta Rhymes...
Limping out of Vietnam... Back to Osan tomorrow AM. Seoul Marathon hopes are dashed. :(
Did you see we're having a contest? ;)
the hot party tonight is at veranda nyc!!
Hainstock in the house?
My room is spotless until... my friends enter it.
Just passed a truck with antlers on John Nolen
I would absolutely love to start packing, vaccuuming, cleaning and studying, but my roommate just set her alarm for 2 pm.
Looks good to me!
Getting a refil on my 💅s and 👣this weekend
To answer your question, you can serve me in many ways! ;)
Well good - my all-teal, -turquoise, -aqua decorating scheme is hot!
Dear - I think my relationship w ur wireless card has come to an end. Everytime I travel outside DFW it barely works at snail pace
Thank you to everyone BIG SHOUT OUT!! WE JUST HIT THE THOUSANDS!!!
#PLL biggest A clue was supposed to be in season 1 "Salt meets Wound"...wait what did i miss
packing my room is a pain in the ass
I wish there was more people like you in the world!
Israeli producer Sam Feuer will be talking his new movie The First Grader tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
A little more than 2 hours away from tipoff. Panthers vs Noles. wish we were in a bigger conference. We could have these matchups weekly
Hahaha! An app or a game. Both interactive so I love it! I wonder if the bar is going to serve hot toddies.
am i speaking english? can anybody freaking hear me?! 'cause i feel like there's a soundproof wall holding me back, nobody listens anymore.
Getting murdered in this local art contest...down by like 20 votes...le grrr...
JUSTIN IS BOSS
Now that I am in town on election day, I think I'll go vote. I hope you all do too.
Motorcycles, Singing and Punching. Pretty sure Scott Porter just made my Hall Pass List.
"Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?"
#quality time with my beautiful future wife
I know you're above working out and all that jazz, but want to go on a walk today? It's BEAUTIFUL
Guild Wars 2 Pre-Purchase Grants Beta, Early Access
stay amazing!
": Arredondo will not finish this game. #HesNotVeryGood" wrong again buddy
Hahaha, even just red text in a header or footer will do that to me sometimes.
Original Power Rangers >>>>> Power Rangers in Space, Ninja Power Rangers and any other type of Ranger/Power Ranger
reactive vs. predictive. can lessons learned about pagerank tell us anything about semantic search? (... perhaps)
Anyone have experience with a locked facebook page? Lost our rights. Not happy.
Ball so hard my ankle hurt "T.I" lol I love that part
U was amazing in boomerang, and the perfect Storm in X Men
dude, you played the Bills
WHY WEED IS BETTER THAN SEX - www.weed-sex.com . Thanks in advance for sharing/posting!
Sandwich sounds great
It would rain the day I wash my car. Sigh. Lol
RT : RT : A Joke is a Serious Thing Winston Churchill*
I just got this sorry :) see you tomorrow in class
2 words. Chicken. Express.
Oh look! A stream that works!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
La Dolce Vita 2night on the big screen. Happy Birthday 2 me! ;)
Finally getting to work with the talented and funny on the
“: Tonight on #Conan, and I have a civilized interview. And then one of us smashes Andy in the face."
What an amazing experience learning how.to meditate with today...
Orange Bowl Champs!
Tune into KFMB/CBS 8 this morning (Wed.9.7.11) & watch singer Lee MacDougall at 6:40am. Win tix to his concert to his show at Humphreys!
Is that a good thing? Many celebrities seem to be doing so. It seems a bit too commercial.
dude, what happened to Crazy Eddie?
Facebook Acknowledges Privacy Issue With Applications. NOT Good.
Great. So, Chris Paul catches fire late in the 4th. WTF??
I am going to marry if it's the last thing I do!!
If you need help rounding up some trusted/good resource sites, just ask!
"If you believe," #Tebow said, "then unbelievable things can sometimes be possible."
so I know it's not on a stick but the steak quesadilla is AMAZING!!! highly recommend they're by the IH tractors
Interesting. Penguin eBooks through OverDrive can only be downloaded now if you have an actual Kindle, not just the Kindle for PC app.
MUCH. The meds have been amazing!
As God's children we need to step up, be bold & tell ppl the Truth<3
Can't wait! “: Tune-in of our feed tmrw & Fri for updates from our annual conference, making ideas happen #99conf”
he a bad driver?
thanks ur the best u totally made him smile :D
This is he worst day ever just getting worse.
Lots of Police Action in Sacto today. Earlier, for some reason, cops shut down access to Florin-Perkins; Power Inn Rds off Jackson Hwy.
Ugh it's barley Thursday
...yeah baby.....do the damn thing....do it well << can't get rid of this damn headache!
Why aren't there any 24 hour pizza joints!
8/12 Friday Art in the Plaza Bobby Summers Trio 6-9pm
West point admissions brief was super long...but glad to know if i finish all the admissions paperwork, i have a 50% chance of getting in!
I agree. Would be nice if they could get together to help the homeless, or an array of other issues. $15 million help a lot
Just putting it out there.
me too
Ready for tha NBA Playoffs to start The East Coast look good this year
humm somewhere republican I'm sure misssippii
Got a new pipe
Not famous? Just show up somewhere almost naked and you will be!
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
"If opportunity doesn't knock, BUILD a door." ~MILTON BERLE Turn the knob, stick your head in, step inside & say HELLO, HERE I AM
Think local this holiday season-give us a call to order 412.621.2521- we also ship nationwide. Cheers!
There is a Star Trek joke in there somewhere. #Khan!
I love you like a fat kid loves cake
Belated thanks for the #FF mention. Hope the #CitrusParty clean up went well and you scored some leftover deliciousness :)
First Big Storm of the Season! Starting to Get Spooky, Very Very Spooky, Like the S#!% you see in the movies..
will be at the ABQ convention center OCT 14-16. artists & vendors, snag your booth now, we're gonna sell out.
Thanks Steven, I enjoy having my toys. I'm looking to add a proper sized boat next.
thanks for reading! Happy challenge!
In the last 30 years roughly 3600 Americans killed in terrorist attacks and by lightening strikes. Do we need this much Govt to protect us?
tell morgan to cheek her bump because Gillian was skiing with not mush snow!!!!!!
well we still haven't gotten off the ground after an hour of delay. Missed our lay over flight due to this
Calif. scores come back in early August
facebook stalker :|
Kevin, Cory and Jen talking about Mount Hope Cemetery- great job!
OK... It's the First weekend of Fall..... What 'cha got planned that's good...?
oh yay!!! Can't wait to see it:)
Let's go Warriors!
NO THEY R SO WIERD AND MEAN!
Went to golden corral in saint George, UT, USA. Pretty cool place with an awesome people and a good food!
Next up: Dr. Talia McCray from Dept. of Architecture
I just really want to make a movie then date someone like Fiona Apple.
Lets meet a middle and call them menta julips ;)
Pretend your naked
Yeah, they track all the changes on their site. Wish I could volunteer, but not especially experienced in that kind of Wiki.
[and sniffed glue, sharpies..] RT : People who eat those Taco Bell Doritos tacos ate paint chips when they were younger...
Still drunk from last night. And have 6 hrs of school
How can I explain the way I feel? Can't put it into words.
Time to celebrate National Personal Training Week (4/11-4/17).... Do we celebrate with cake or protein bars??? lol
I know ... it just keeps getting better. ;)
State Dept on Hazem Abu Ismail's mother: "Out of respect for family’s privacy, the Dept’s policy is not to comment on q's of citizenship"
We've been screwed on that awful call of "intent to blow the whistle" at least once a playoff the last 4 years. Huge break finally.
I just heard every avenue on ze nerf commercial! Awesome!!
Wow! I am so honored! Thank you! ~Warmly~ Patricia
Be careful hope you have a good session at the studio.
Another good question. The key to successful products will be to provide "value" that is recognized. Not price or bells.
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" call in 626 657 2149
best day of my life.
I love how the T Mobil girl went from girl next door to a badass...
I just did another night of Insanity! Worked and absolutely live your program. Training for Miss New Mexico now -7 weeks away
thanks I am glad you cashed I drive an R8 for a reason, I have the best information in the world and use it to win.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to stay quiet but then you realize you live by yourself.
Wrong "shoe" !
So it's really scary how many times a day and I say the same things....
I'm fine with a Jermaine win, but I'm not ok with Juliet in second.
give me a million dollars and ill tell mr. bowers to beam in....
Good evening Mr. Davison, we miss you here man...
Going to take a quick break get the offspring in bed but I will be back soon.
new regular process. start a specific piece of software, then get up to go get coffee. any guesses?
My Kindle app - no question - but I do love Key Ring
Ha! #friomusicology New levels everyday.
I fell right back into the groove...it's like I never stopped using the crutches from surgery #1! talk about an arm workout...
": My blood alcohol level is getting dangerously close to zero. Fuck Mondays." Its tuesday dude
Not sure why, but I always get sucked into the Channel 10 auction. Mindless TV.
We <3 our community! offer 15% off to any youth groups, boy & girl scouts, little league & Pop Warner teams, and ASU students with ID!
Tweet of Yesterday: "I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out!" Rodney Dangerfield
is excited for the first Tailgate Tuesday of 2010! 2/6 at Dan McGuiness Demonbreun. 6 pm. Don't be late! Details coming soon!
Wait til you see my benefits package
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard.. is what makes it great.
- always! What are your NYE plans?
just a few more weeks until you get another shot!
The only potato salad I like is the one made by Mom and Dad. It's the best.
Did you want to look at some houses on Sunday or meet to put together a game plan before looking at houses?
minus wade
