So sad. Makes me sad for her...she's 5 and he still treats her like she's 2..doesn't even know her..#thankgodfortheirmamas!
draw a giraffe :)
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make things familiar, and familiar things new. – Samuel Johnson
believe. #Roseless they still can play.
And once again delivering my child to his place of learning prevents me from lingering here in my place of tweeting with you fascinating ppl
complete insanity is a sign ur moving in the right direction.....
Jar of hearts<3
RT : You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD.
Figures they wouldn't have an opening. I've had bad experiences with 4 Seasons so I stick with LyLys as a back up.
I confess... i mostly choose fashion over comfort.
The moment they low balled the Bucks for Bogut, I knew they were going after Howard or Gasol again.
You're not stuck there again, are you?
I hope today will be a great day since I'll be at the Hoots all day... May God be with me!!
": MOBama on Letterman: we brought values of "south side of Chicago" to WH. Isn't that where Bad, Bad Leroy Brown was from?"
i want to go to sleep but my shit load of homework won't let me.
i'm cool. nuff said...
I can see how that annoys you, but some people would love to change cities. Until they talk with you, they can't tell.
Thanks. My daughter sees her moving around when she thinks she is alone, so she's starting to investigate her "territory."
#JavaScript and #CSS support (intellisense, refactoring) is great in 6.9... needs to step it up a bit ;)
I've been extremely behind on emails and messages the past two week's. I plan on catching up on them tonight.
I saw The Avengers movie last night in 3D and it was Awesome best movie of the year so far now I have to see what Battleship is going to do
Not only wine glass, but sliced cucumber and lemon. You deserve it!
When Isaiah's little sister starts chatting you on his facebook and calls you nice and awesome, and says "No wonder my bro likes you" >>>
Do you think they shod hire DoF b4 manager? Seems the logical way since they shld b on same page.
Watching premier of Miss Representation on OWN network.
I can attest to guilt, shame, anger and oddly even some sense of loss having saved someone from a failed attempt.
*SALE* This week ONLY! Need a new site or know someone who does? Hit us up this weekend and we'll get you a custom site built for $500! http
QS usually has a few hotties but beware of the couples......if you see a stud buying 2 drinks, see who he brings it to
Feeling sick but listening to makes me feel a lil better..
Since I forgot bout the shoutout well shout out to
Damn it. I forgot earring-_- fml
where did you hear that rumor?
WHAM BAM THANK U MA'M NICE TO MEET YA
The Ax-Man cometh! Go
i did 2 i actually kinda wanna c it again
I don't want to get older and be on my own
What is with Johnson Wagners mustache? That is so dirty! Looks terrible.
Wondering if Montee Ball isn't thinking "oops...what did I do"..
I wonder sometimes if the interns I've had apply to my agency were real or just random phantoms in search of a place to haunt.
tweet tweet ;) Haha I'm dying to know what you did. She's easily offended ;P.....tell me!
Now THAT would be awesome. Even better: he pulls an Elway and says he's not going to DC. RT : I hope RGIII holds out until 2016.
U chickened out?
& other things ... “: Reclaim vacant lots for urban gardens and Vet memorials// #OccupySoil #OurCommunity”
Educational Sciences! It's beautiful!
Half order Pasta lunch specials start at $6 at Volare Ristorante
“: Speaking of lunch... *taps fingers* ”// I keep asking!!!! I'm free whenever!
I wake up to find that the Jags FINALLY did something right and drafted Blackmon. Omg, yes.
ignorant bias opinions, but who reads the sun anyway.
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more!
Thanks for following Jim!
One thing I have learn today. 231 E Grand Blvd.
oof, to much swag!
I am craving hot tea! ☕
same here Blake! Lubbock popo is hoppin
Don't get caught up in no throne
#Student just told me my #book was "pretty dope" In fact he was almost done #reading "but then I got interrupted."
Many of you people are silly, and I love that about you.
Being back at ball state really makes me miss college!
It is not true that has the highest payout for downloads. pays 100%-paypal fee = 89 c for 99 c sale
Going on my 1st school field trip in {insert large number} years. Can't wait. I love kinder! It's been a fun year.
yea joe angel lol my bad and im not sure yet i wanna go down there though
Twitter must check if were human ,what?
I just want to be better.
Minnie get a dress and bloomers and Daisy just gets a shirt? Mickey gets pants, donald gets a shirt.
Shrimp Risotto and Shrimp Vodka over Angel Hair pasta....so full!
Not only is it a mosque it's a joke
Q4. "Comfort movie" I watch when having a bad day? "You've Got Mail"
I love that I can reach any goal by being organized, committed & excellent @ making priority lists ;)
lmao and I'm obviously DIRTY DAN!
I think you sold me on getting into barefoot running - trying to decide between Pace Glove and Bare Access - thoughts?
Oh no! Means you're listening too loud! Turn them down! You'll be glad you did in the long run!
my hard drive is overheating, overactive, overworked, it's sure to crash soon, the memory melting, oozing out from my sound holes...
Suggestion #3 Control your temper
94th is a little low for Lynch. I would put guys like Darren McFadeen and Steven Jackson below Lynch.
Failure is okay if you learn from it. I seldom see postmortems in academia. It's considered impolite.
Nate's nuts are very sneaky
We are having tech difficulties Contact BCH office @ 585-475-7814 and we can fix. thx
SO DID I! Then, when I thought they may some sort of hope, I read the next chapter and just about three it at my wall.
just downloaded the fun albums i hope arent a waste of money
Ppl ask if I feel safe in my neighb. I tell em no more or less than in AA. I recall a robbery spree when I lived on Miner (NW)
how about cheating and buying tweets?
Congrats. Welcome to the AFCN. Hate to have to go against a #CUBUFF twice a year, but the competition will be incredible!
Damn doctors appointment!
cuz i do not want to go down stairs
if theres one thing i hate more then you, its that i miss you
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit....try.
Yeah she is serving tables right now :( Sad isn't it? I hope they are able to make a huge comeback!
No. And you can't make me, either.
Trying to change how you eat? it only takes about 1 week for your taste buds to get used to that change.
Blood everywhere!
I hope you're right. I'm sick of that other stuff.
Congratulations to the SCT. The new road from DF to Puebla is beautiful and fast!
I miss you too KK ima have to come by ur house
God I have terrible pillows...
Long over due Epsom salt bath :) yes on a Friday night
...person they would want around. But I'm there. Speaking DAILY in mtgs for parents. Holding ppl accountable. Raising ??s.
it was the end of a photo shoot!
how do you think your magpies will do against the wiz tonight?
I hope liked the bracelet me and made him ^_^
Just went for a great walk!
ALL TEENS! ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE! 8015 BANDERA & MAINLAND! ALL TEENS COME OUT & PARTY WIT US!
We had a blast at the Deaddog Barn last night! Nothing like a good old fashioned country beer and metal fest.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN LENNON! (Why isn't a tweet like this trending?) We love you <3
Received the best massage of my life today at Balanced Bodywork. Holiday rush is gone and total relaxation is in! Thx Carrie!
This borin movie
Man I'm good! How ya been man
Tonight is going to get craaazaaaay! Fashion show went awesome! Celebration is in order!
i been trying to fight this cold for three days now...im losing lol smh
it was certainly a twitter-worthy ordeal.
Is #Barca going to pull off yet another win today?
gotta find you one!
Youre more then Welcome Cheri
Big game tonight, gettin pretty stoked.
We dream of ways to break these iron bars. We dream of black nights without moon or stars.
"this will be fun! I've never been evil before!"
At club premier Augusta GA!!! getting Crunk!!
“: Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the #1 selling flavour & accounts for a quarter of their sales”
*heavy creeper breathing* lol
you goin down to 4th st?
do u like chicago?
that one was the best one! i never even saw the third one lol
Is orchestrating "Go Go Go Joseph" by ear for the Richmond Youth Symphony. Oy.
live me alone , im about to dump your ass..
Saap was messing around with a ton of women. No one held a gun to his head.At least the 1 above his shoulders
Good answer!!
A Man Who Is The Same Person He Was Yesterday , Must Have Not Learned Anything.
o.m.g. RT : Disgusting RT : We'll spend $7 billion on Halloween this year. And $300 million on pet costumes | ...
Never again. Screw youu
Nice trade by the Bucks if they can keep Ellis..and get Brown's contract off the books this Summer..
- TY for the favorite!
What is it with Wisconsin and heartbreaking kick-in-the-crotch referee caused losses?
I am so glad that I could help ruin it!!
I can't tell if I feel pregnant or just really full from eating.
Rail projects are a go in Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota. With any luck we can get back in when we recall Walker.
Empowered by intense acknowledgment & epiphany. #gratitude of relief in recognition."
Oh crap...I think I've become a chronic throat clearer. Shoot me now!
Mexico lol...and u?
Happy Veterans Day to those who have served to keep our country safe, and those currently serving continuing the pride of the USA.
RT Per , top +K recipients Baseball are , , , and
Some of these ladies here in Forever21 are really, really reaching. It's like me shopping at The Speedo Outlet.
Matt Carle stinks.
Just bought 10 #MegaMillions lottery tickets
you only like to play Words With Friends if you win! :p
from your first YouTube video I couldn't ever imagined your fame now your amazing & the inspiration in all I do. Thank you! <3
Headaches are not normal. Chiropractic treatments can eliminate them. Usually, there is an underlying cause.
Spending the entire weekend and my best friends house (:
lol really?! im in love with xD
#BusinessDrunk only works when everyone's drunk, otherwise you just look crazy, sad and future fired. Yup, I'm watching #30Rock reruns!
*You Know* that will happen Josh! ... I will come! ... and probably drag Kenji with me! LOL!
Yeah. if my doctor told me I could never play football again, i'd die. literally. I'd sit in my room all day everyday.
I really really really really really love Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait to see them in the summer!! <3 Especially Logan Henderson! <3
Happy Birthday to the wonderful
Chicken cheese wrap<3
ok i bettahhh do my homework... bbl (:
haha the dudes are the AWESOME!
I love the #JADE GREEN EYE PENCIL you sent me- thank you!
+1 “: Nice tribute to #TimWakefield today at #Fenway. #RedSox! We'll miss you Wake!”
thank you steener
Heading to IAD from PHX. Awesome #Kolbe #pgs2010. Lots of great info - more to come.
thanks for the #FF! Have a great Monday!
That relationship you observe, wondering if the guy knows he's his girlfriend's meal ticket.
RT Did you know that Fulton County Commission candidate Joan Garner supports food truck? Pls rt <-- voted 4 J!
The market manipulators working for the fed and Obama have got some leverage and are pulling the markets towards zero.
omg thats horrible
I've met so many men n, it's like theyre all the same...
Hahaha. That sounds about right. And I love twitter. Twitter >>>> FB and it's not even close.
Seriously guys... Not everybody text me at once now
Advantage (or disadvantage?) of working from home - can still work on #snowday . MathSciNet pricing almost ready to go out.
Making music
One legged 3's all day baby!
I buy friends who are dating people monogamously stuff all the time, though...
#Browns WILL trade back into 2nd round to get their WR. #BookIt!
im making flight tickets for to come to michigan, i have a better idea! me, you, robert &austin go to jamaica(:!!
Im usually asleep by now but me and bobbie are having an interestin convo
yeah color print on disc no cover tho,but I know who does a 1000 inserts for $50
Much needed, thanks ;) Back to non-stop rehearsing/recording as always ;)
let me know if you need any mixes on your project.
Come try one of our Award Winning Sauces! Don't know which meat to put the sauce on? Just ask, we'll help you out! (24th & San Antonio St.)
Thank you SO much!!
When I look at the clock when I get up in the morning, the first thing I do is calculate the time where you are
$100 and a hat autographed by Marion Jones for anyone who can name a professional sports team softer then the Pittsburgh Penguins
lets PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Food poisoning. This sucks.
In the car with and hes being quiet :/ bleh lol
Did anyone see that study that found that closeted people were the most homophobic?
I feel like you should mention me more lol
.......... i love ya nick that picture just made my day :) i miss ya so much why cant you just move to indiana ????
Starting class seeing 30 grand of white truffles is a great way to start the day, and white truffle risotto for family doesn't hurt either
where can my team hear your most recent work? They gotta be professional and HITS
Yep, I'll be there. Are you volunteering again or will you be able to attend more of the conference?
No man should NEVER text back "k" especially to a MAN or a woman!!
So I guess don't care 'bout us anymore. No tweets. No emails. No nothing.
no problem!
Congrats! 2 more talent have been requested to audition for a Feature Film!!
i can try ?
LIVE in the mix gettin down real deep on the decks right now on
Tx, Sal. Best to you and yours this Holiday Weekend. RT : SO to and FF
What channel is that Game on?
OMG how do you avoid these ridiculous SPAM tweets?? Ugh!!
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Bernanke leaves press conference with an unanswered Caps/Bruins question
We stopped checking for monsters under our beds when we realized they were inside us.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set it free.
Why the hell didn't I think to tail gate the baseball game. Damn
Ok Thanks
Well... That phone call sucked.
We just received some great looking jewelry!
When I asked my brother why he didnt get his son circumsized he responded "aint nobody got money for that shit!" LMFAO!
Wired World of Sports Episode 5 is going through post production and will be up on iTunes soon
Had an awesome day helping 30 business owners create and refine their business plans. Now off to visit family in LA for a relaxing weekend!!
That's usually how it works. :) The more familiar, the more comfortable, the more enjoyable!
To the dudes driving their motorcycles with passenger in shorts + a tank: The road always wins against skin. Dick move drivers.
Andy Cohen & Anderson Cooper would be the cutest couple ever!
Likewise Love!
I followed! Follow back, please??
I hate those cause I'm up all night
": #Fuckeverybody" where does the line start? Ha. Jay kay el oh el.
I'm on my shit I'm rich b***h
thunder alley tonight <3
Twitter, is a terrible best friend and a hyper buzz kill. She tried to kill me y'all. My innocent seahorse self too...
I made a very loud seal-like grunt laugh in honor of that tweet :)
#quotes I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Thomas Jefferson
If you wanna fix things between us, then go for it. I'm done trying.
#10FactsAboutMe no matter what im doin , i need music playin .
Day 200, no cigarettes.
I should really be reading but....
Huge thanks to for volunteering to spread the word about at #ima today. Seriously. Thank you!
Architecture presents so many complexities. It aims to be current while timeless, use materials in novel ways, & accommodate change
#ManRules always stand next to someone at the urinal and offer to shake the last little drops of pee out for him
RIP Dick Clark. The art that would have gone unknown without you is staggering.
You guys I mopped today.
"I felt my tires hit the tarmac; and I felt my soles take to the street."
Thanks so much for the generous post! Alex & Seth
Smh it's sad, I feel like if wiz said jump off a cliff that niggas would contemplate...
I've been asked by a few different people, but so far only one has developed into an outline....you?
I'll get it next time!
Off to go make sandwiches for sweaty demanding college students.
I haven't tweeted in a few days. My sweet Mom has been in the hospital. All the prayers from everyone has helped her. Thank's to everyone!
Still sleep juss woke up for a moment
I really don't forsee it being that difficult but I guess you never know
are the Next Big Thing!!!!!
Yeah soon good luck!
I left it with Marcus.
Chris Fomunyoh says he will not be a candidate in the Oct 9 elections in #Cameroon. Calls elections 'charade of a process'
Jack Harbaugh never taught his sons how to call timeout
we're at West Virginia tomorrow afternoon...
We're planning an interview that we wanted to do four years ago. Excited it is finally happening. More later.
#Cosasqueungringonoconoce wish I knew what this meant
RT : Madaoon hs to get on her knees to make cee lo look tall! "LoL"
I love yer character at HSM ♥ you are so pretty =)
CH Reynolds Electric Achieves Select Certification from Cisco in U.S.
hahaha RT : SARAH PALIN, Y U NO RUN SO WE CAN ALL LAUGH?
Fresh Class Fresh class!! Style wars in June!!
#askkanye it's refreshing to see your interest/use of art- visual classical performing primitive architectural. thoughts of jazz?
She's very talented. Lucky you. You make a nice pair.
lmao not in this country
Good d pacers
3 tenets to deliver ideas: 1. its about the people; 2. make few rules n get out of the way; 3. gain leverage - ,
Watching 's new stand-up special on ..one of my fave comedians!
Awww sorry to hear that um sure they will make it up to u
im organizing an adult one in Golden Gate Park now lol
Hope everyone's #Parkinson's Awareness Month is going well! This week #Advocates are talking about research in NC, FL, VA, MA, MD and LA
I tend to forget I can't cmd + z when im working off of the computer..
I'm like really pissed off and tired of her and the way she been treating me right now
I live in the best city on the planet!
It says it on the table in your picture.
Don't be bullshittin at the red box at 8:55! ppl tryna return before 9
El Salvador stalling in the 47 min... Time for a two footer in the corner!
Thanks, and I agree about the article -- Haven't read the book yet. I'll reserve judgment til I do.
with that bio, you should be a guest on "Raibon Radio". Every Wed Live on Latalklive.com.
Tried 3 times to report bus light / Kester and Oxnard not calibrated right. Four friends & myself ticketed. No one took report.
Our #Wonk Photo Contest starts today! You could win a 16GB iPad 2. Visit www.american.edu/wonk for contest rules.
Supporters of Kaely wore blue because it was her favorite color, her friend said
wow must be tired
Hey hey! How are you? I was thinking yesterday that I haven't talked to you in forever.
don't forget the size of their watch also
awe to cute!!!
awh my wittle baby ^.^ I called you earlier and you didn't answer I wanna see you tonight let's do something!
"Push and Pull" concept drives immigration here. Foreigners pulled by idea of work/jobs, pushed by issues like famine, etc.
...just wanted to say I love "Go Get It" and can't wait for the Steve Harvey RE-MIX!
haha that's awesome. Sounds like an amazing hire :D
Thankful for blessings: family, friends, and l(earnings) in 2011. Cheers to health, peace and contentment in 2012 Happy New Year everyone!!
Much L.O.V.E back :-D
Putting together my new Shark Cordless!
These farm eggs are great. They are colorful, and have a thick shell and rich-colored yolk. And they fry beautifully!
“ “ A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.””
The road to recovery is paved with gin - yes I said gin - it beats the hell out of oxycodone
if a building had a ferris wheel elevator, you'd have to go to one side of the floor to go up, and another side of the floor to go down.
RT "With God as my witness, I thought those turkeys could fly." - Mr. Carlson, WKRP
It's hailing!!!
's 'Can't Say No' is on repeat. Super catchy.
So tired I do not want to teach today!
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. Marcel Proust
thanks to my followers from
you can use iMessage through wifi! whatsapp is another good one too!
yes :( thanks a lot! You prolly just deleted my number
thanks bea! will definitely follow back <33
Currently abusing the shit out of grey's anatomy lol
My dicks hard your bitch is easy ~Cabin Fever
Sitting next to an extreme homophobe while wearing a "FREE HUGS" T-Shirt. Feeling hilariously awkward.
Practice gets out early...mom gets here late. Of course this happens to me.
Success: It's not where you live, it's how you live! It's not what you drive, it's how you drive yourself! It's not just giving, it's how y…
I am missing a grade for twitter 12 and two extra credit assignments.
just heard titans GM say hes conservative in the draft. There u go
I'm up north and I'm singing we are the world... lol
bro Send That Y.N.W.A to T Eazy so I can hop on last verse
My God. Is the Tebow bullshit ever going to stop? I will never understand how a mediocre QB gets so much damn attention.
that song is dumb lol
Thanks for the Retweet! What a lovely Charlotte day today!
On call waiting to change your travel plans? WHY? Book - you just drag & drop your event to change your #travel!
quit farting
fine grappa and cuban cigars what a way to end a perfect evening in Tuscany
Ever heard someone say, "Man, I didn't lose any weight on Atkins/Sugarbusters/Southbeach diet?"
yes sir! grew up in MN. lived in Nashville and Nebraska along the way..
sure, what's up?
i wont Give my heart to Nobody who doesn't deserve it .
Looking for 2 bedroom apartment-- downtown Milwaukee or east side location. Any building suggestions?
Ah! Finally!
This is so relevant in my daily life. #marketing RT I wonder if there are any sales tomorrow?
Today should always be our most wonderful day.
you rock. thanks :D
i wanna i wanna i wanna touch you ~
Nice get for your boys.
shit what's good with u
Sugar liked her trailer? She's such a diva<3 love her.
I don't think adults with children should do drugs. Let alone do it with their children.
I Need Someone To Hang Wit ?
Wednesday, January 25. I am tuned in Political Junkie on #NPR Talk of the Nation.
I just saw a blog post in which someone actually for real typed "walla" instead of voila. Do ppl not care about looking stupid??
Going to bed, playlist set to
i finally have good grades in all my classes all thats left is math
Not even 10 FUCKING minutes into the show & gets fired?
puttin' the team on his back.
Im wearing a dress everywhere this summer. To work. To the mall. To church. To sleep.
fun cardio workout today, needed to work off some steam... let's see how tomorrow goes... much better now!
About to watch Dysfunctional Friends before I turn it in... Hope you all enjoy the rest of your weekends. Tomarrow I #amreading and
Hope u had oishi bento ! Nice 2meet u all! RT So we're at #FoodieFridayTwEATup & we spotted !
Aye i got a new iphone 4s and broke the screen today what should i do.
Baylor is undisciplined and poorly coached Ky will run them off the court...the biggest sporting event in history of state nxt week
There was an episode of Cheers where Cliff and Frasier wanted to fight, but they sat down and made rules. That is what would...
I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
your to much how was the shooting range
Excitement! I will be thinking of you today!
I actually found a place today that I love. :-)
more like Boston where are YOU!
are you kidding?! That's a spoilerr!!😱😱
I get exercise because my printer is in the second floor and I work on the 1st floor.
Bear hug equals bear butts.
Over the hills and far away?
. oh yeah, the Teensy as a ketboard/mouse is awesome. I have an Englebart keyboard which works with my mouse Just Like Doug Intended.
I'm reading After Sorrow: An American among the Vietnamese, by Lady Borton. Fascinating rec from
Yes he does. Has some nasty off speed stuff most nights too.
Looking at the webcams for the nearby Ski Resorts just makes me sad....
LIVE MUSIC TONIGHT w/ Matt Barron! Easy listening sound, great environment & ur 1st bottle of WINE 1/2 off b4 7pm w/ ur entree order!!
WOW :D congrats :)
I'm done being ignored. You're basically telling me I'm not good enough. Fuck you. I'll lose the 70lbs I need to and prove you WRONG!
Last weekend we're open until after Christmas! Joins us for some NCAA Basketball today. SMILE BIG!
your brother distracted mee!!! Lol but I really do wanna watch it again.
I know you think that I shouldn't still love you, so I tell you that.
God yes we're watching The Iron Giant
Good morning, I'm sitting outside in the patio listening to the birds and enjoying another beautiful day.
Sen of Japan after?
The survey you just sent out has some issues -- needs checkboxes instead of radio buttons for questions re: news and BTA works
is trying to fend off a headache
Guys is crazy! This hoe come & talk about making food when she not 😜😂😂😂😂 nama ella! Lmfaoo! We all crazy hurr thoo!
can't stop listening to angels and gentlemen! soo beaut! could you follow/ tweet me cody? big love from ireland xo
Why don't I have a good memory when it comes to studying for school 😞
No, but Africa will only be held back by marxist dandy bullshit: to succeed, it needs to emulate what the actually successful "Do"
Another #week1 at #RIT. Ah. Welcome back everyone!
This Headache Is SOO Bad :/
I love the old Christmas movies! I hope all of you can look around today and say, "It's a Wonderful Life!" If not, know it can be!
Apparently someone does not want free t-shirts. TWO more followers to go.
Post photos when you're done!
You keep making me week!
check your dms.
If I flop its back to sellin blocks back to telling niggas they cant hustle in my spot OFF THE TOP
It will involve a comedy sketch. Maybe we can do a Code4Lib Midwest re-run?
me too it was insane bruh
Simple rule. If you have disgusting feet, dont wear sandals.
oh no!! United Center :) Sorry to be confusing!
Heckuva show, Boys!
What's in ORCID record? names, alt. names, institutional affills, publications, areas of expertise, links to author sites, IDs.
lmao ok coo
stop it. i'm blushing
I NEVER eat a burger without cheese YUCK
Wow That Was So Hilarious....Last Time I Heard That I Fell Off My Dinosaur!
I never realized so many people were so rude on Twitter. Wonder if that's how they treat their students. I'd be afraid to make a mistake!
I love watching Chris Paul play. This guy does not have a normal brain.
im a boynton beach florida nigga
and you a fat cat
I'm reading Siberia (fabulous) by the incomparable Ian Frazier
we have I'm just happy as hell things are way better now
Just went 20 minutes on high speed on high stair master now going to try treadmill 1st time since my injury I'm going for it!!!!!!!
Cultural Preservation & Transformation--one of our #EfS Standards. RT "What would you teach if you were the teacher for a day?"
thanks man! I appreciate the kind words. The UP is a place I've got on my list to check out.
We at war with terrorism. We at war with racism. But most of all we at war with ourselves
MT : In Northeast Ohio? Join me tomorrow night at 7pm for a free screening of Urbanized at Kent State's Cartwright Auditorium.
wearing my NEW FAVORITE EARRINGS <3 <3
When they say that "Hickey heads out there to calm (him) down"...they are damn right. They guy is calmness incarnate.
Moved to DC four years ago today. Love this city and all the amazing people I've met here.
I wish j.Cole, Drake, or childish gambino would come to SD I would be beyond ecstatic
Just Grace website is fun. 2nd grade girls love the superpower quiz.
needs to shut the fuck up now. It's pathetic. is above Madonna's shit talking nonsense.
Love it that #EMHEKnox is starting today. Whoever gets it is sure to be blessed! :)
Seth Meyers Live in Detroit tn.
Glenn Campbell's Bongos. #band name
Ah...It's time for Tearful Tuesdays...Time to catch up on all my Weight Loss Shows on my TiVo..I'm gonna be a mess!!
would be awesome if you give me a shoutout ;)
We definitely will, when are you opening?
Sometimes God have to shake up our lives a little to remind us who's still in control. #IKnowThat'sRight
Hey bella : ) what u doin today?
finally got the job done, GOOD JOB FLYERS, SUCK IT CROSBY! on to the next one.
Long day today. Damn...a lot of ar
The most beautiful Christmas tree is lit and decorated. 9 feet 5 inches of Baggenstos Farms doug fir. The house smells like the holidays!
you're welcome
OH: Daylight savings really put my panties in a bunch.
thanks! : The ATHENA Chandelier made our Vignette stand out like a rock star!
Nick from Last Note in studio now...#supportlocalmusic ... He can sense the ghost in the high falls studio!
yes and more so. very happy! life is good
The love we give away is the the only love we keep.~~~Elbert Hubbard
me neither
WOW what a BET Awards Weekend. So many great events but glad its over cause I'm tired lol. Now time for Z. :)
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Seriously who in the heck are we going to have!!?? Do we get an extra win if we are under the cap? Maybe that is TT thought
woops...wrong account... but you get the idea!
The past twelve hours of my life.
You are honestly 5....grow up.
love it - "our trouble came from living, from liquor and the dollar bill"
hi, I will be having a birthday party in the next 3 weeks and I want you to be there if you can:) miss the glades and I guys
it want let me cousin!! It keep saying forbidden
Twit push, twit push, post. - Lupe Tweetasco.
Back at ya!:)
Thank you (I think?). There's been a bit of that going around lately.
I'm a paramedic in Alabama, do u have any advice for a 27 yr old who dreams of playin guitar on stage? Strugglin to learn...
You really do have the best questions!
go back and investigate!!! I would I I was there :p
No Lie Cotto Tat Was Sexy ( ;
Que te Paso Broder? “ I swear, I had a mini heart attack right now almost :(”
Omg...halo fall of reach is an awesometacular book
I have also read somewhere before that premies may have carnitine defeciencies and I was a premie my son is autistic
are Daph and I too old to dance all night to youse guys? lmk if you want to hook up for a vegan cheesesteak...
Ricky Williams sounds like a complete idiot
idk if you look as good as me
Back in Lexington, KY TONIGHT! At The Green Lantern... Hopefully UK wins or we might need protection
enlighten me
RT if your are training to run the SD Half Marathon.
thanks so much
How we spend our days is, certainly, how we spend our lives.
its colder in my house than it is outside
got a big head and little arms
I'm going to the movies, anyone wanna come?
Going shopping :) Video comimg out soon
lmaoooooo you must be spying on me
It's so hot outside it smells like the trees are burning.
LEt me see
thanks for gaming with a tired, old, man who stinks at gaming lol
I didn't say that I did...
its 11:11 here in Texas MAKE A WISH!<3
Louisville up 4 with 42 seconds left. I still wouldn't turn off the #upsetalert just yet.
I am Number 4 was a pretty good movie.
2 FOR 3 TODAY, WE'LL LIVE WITH IT...AND EXPECT TO DO BETTER NEXT WEEK! THANKS FOR FOLLOWING...GREAT TO HAVE NFL BACK, ISN'T IT?
Tired real tired today But they needed the rookie of the year to make a special guest feature lol
Thank you Kieran, but trust me I do. (:
Will do! RT : Big night for ! #CSUGala starts at 5:30 in D-town. is the emcee! Catch me for photos!
Do you want to hear some classics...logon to ww.e2onair.com and listen to DR. LUV today 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. WWW.E2ONAIR.COM
So i am basically done with the layout and all i need are the cartoons... no one is here yet o.o....
Too funny! I love the tin foil on the feet :)
Cataloging Hebrew books translated into Japanese....pretty time consuming
Why the fuck is heyward not in the lineup? God dammit fredi
YAYYY!!! I knew you wouldn't go! (:
The gym teacher put the song baby and one less lonely girl and every girl was singing even me.....awesome
any suggestions for topics for the UpRoot blog??? Share!
I'm about to have a heart attack...I feel it coming. Let me ask you a question ladies. Why do you try to kill us?
Can't wait, can't wait!
u crazy that's wow Duhh
I believe in second chances, but not everyone deserve them.
I was supposed to be in Orlando right now! Oh well! I got a fly new whip so its all worth it! Catch me if u can. Gnite
Tummies are rumbling at the SBB offices... Where is everyone going for lunch today?
!!!!!!!!!!!!! "am i worse then left over poop that got stuck to the toilet when you flush a thousand times????"
Rick Trotter just sang the best version of the National Anthem I've ever heard!
meanwhile us old farts keep making software
Fantastic! RT : Thank you AT&T latest Platinum sponsor of #CajunCodeFest! Others include #Microsoft #Intel #TEDMED!
how was yo week?
One my way to Canada! Can't wait to be referred to as that Yankee or my personal favorite "the American".. Makes me sound like a hit man.
Yes, there's a right time and way for everything, even though, unfortunately, we miss it for the most part. - Solomon
thanks for all the great info!
my toe is bleeding
Sold out in like 5 mins, thanks all
I don't know hopefully soon! I just accepted the offer so I'm just crossing my fingers now
It's TGIF and my frown needs to turn upside down. Where's my bottle of wine...
Hey, can I borrow your Mormon disco ball? Mine just broke. :(
Sorry for recent Russian tweets. Account was hacked. The only Russian I know are names of hockey players. Thanks to all who let me know.
Great deals here in Columbus!! Investors call me today for solid cash flowing properties! Nothing but the BEST wholesale deals!
": well that's just creepy!"-nothing of a sexual nature, i assure you.
I swear why are we both always on similar levels lol
justin is fucking perfect
It feels so good to be home.. There is no place like it...
open your heart not to me but to everything your world, your eyes, your love, your lies everything -WAH!
don't listen to that non sense talking. #oreocrew all day
so ( SAME AGE )
Life w/kids: RT : Finished season 4 of The Wire in '10. Son was then born Finally watched first episode of Season 5 last night
Hey Healthy and Fit for You, thanks for all you do!
I don't scan the profiles of my followers often enough, but I am so impressed at what everyone is doing out there. Keep up the good work!
the last tweet? Blue girl, red state.
: I'm new on Twitter. Will try to figure this out & see how it goes.
you want "The Love Boat" instead? I can make arrangements!
: Happy Hour all day tomorrow @ Ella Dining Room and Bar for any wearing Purple. Come on Sacramento!
": #Aquarius think waiting for help is a waste of time. They do the shit themselves."
Why is Andrew Luck at #Penguins game lol
I'm just telling how it is. On my high school & college teams, coaches preached taking guys out within the whistles
The Usual Suspects
Girl I cant live without u, I cant think straight without u, no so tell me what should I do, If I cant get u off my mind
Breaking Bad. Catching up.... Slowly.
Need a cheap haircut. Anyone know a beauty school in #FortWayne that lets its students cut hair? I haven't gotten a haircut in a YEAR!
My Google search results have changed! See my new results at vizibility.com/laurengardiner - From t.vizibility.com
Jets fans, u mad?
that means we're official.
My eardrums have been John Bonham-ed...
RT if you listen to Drake.
nah... i ain't got the stomach for shit like that. the trailer made me queesy. Kati wanted to see it though
Stouts in Hollywood
SHOUTOUT TO>>>> FOR BEING MY 350TH FOLLOWER AND FOR RTing MY TWEET! RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!
cleaned out his closet and got rid of 80 shirts (mostly t-shirts)! It looks so empty in there now.
images in from Larry Schwarm and Kevin O Mooney - just over 12 hours before images go live
You can order several books on Plato via Kindle for free. This could make me question everything. Socratic-ally speaking - ba da bump..
Agreed RT Seems dated. #nooneaskedme RT : It's Web, with a capital W.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Favorite part about prepping for class using pop culture examples is browsing through TMZ
I need room to work though.
Hearing a common theme in training sessions....phone calls and SM communication is great, but face to face is the ultimate goal.
Just need to go pick it up. :/ lol
thx so much! I heart u
Mahalo, much love and thanks for the support! RT Congrats to on his promotion! Way to go!
Omg...thats so sad... R.I.P Whitney. I'll never forget when she sang the National Anthem for the Giants Super Bowl
Thanks for the mentions/RTs & support!!!
I want someone to settle down with. Someone that will put a ring on my finger now and promise to always be mine forever. But fuck that shit.
After listening to Carrie Prejean on Larry King I get it: Being Palinized = being lobotomized! Fuck! Stop booking her, people! WTF?!?!?
i see you on twitter. spanish test was flippin easy
“: #DontWifeThatChickIf The only thing she knows how to cook is Top Ramen and Hot Pockets.”
's ice cream airplane example in the piece I just linked made me laugh up a lung.
Cece Winans should have her own talk show. #cable Maybe on Oprah's OWN or WEtv
In the interest of all parties, I'm not interested in a man that's interested in other women.
Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees turns 65 today. Maurice was my favorite Bee Gee.
Busy week ahead, starting window cleaning and some residential windows for my friends on Twitter.
Good luck and God bless~
#aam2012 magic. Across from silk plant display, they're local & might be able to donate foliage to the boy's classroom rain forest.
Grt talk! RT : Mining other social movements for Breast Cancer Deadline 2020
I told you she was the best girl friend ever! :)))) peace to my best friend Matt!
do work!!
Thanks to my stupid doctor, I couldn't get my MRI done. I woke up so damn early and lost valuable sleep -.-
This Friday! Pearl @ Commerce in Dallas - show starts at 9:30. Good times!!
Very cool. Did he have good memories about it?
almost just died from watching the scariest shit ever
Had a lot of steroid-related conversations today. No coincidence that Braun hit 3 HRs last night. Confidentiality is crucial to JDA.
TO THE WAALLLL
Face book is a deadly thing <.< Lol.
Eating some Thai Food!
NOT going to say break a leg! Lol wish u much fun today :) already know u will do GREAT!!! xxox's
im wishing i could give a bear hug and tell him everything is gonna be alright<3
Everytime my grandma comes over I think she makes me gain weight... Lol
A week without is a sin, shut your mouth before that idea catches on
Drove by KCI this weekend btw on my way to Excelsior Springs
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife♥65
I just saw a TEBOW FOR PRESIDENT bumper sticker. Jets colors. Former Broncos fan or always a Jets fan?
Everybody knows the deal is rotten Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton For your ribbons and bows And everybody knows
Need to get my time down already in these 800s and 400s
(flew over his dumb head...)
Now 'Cross My Heart, Hope To Die' Audition ... They need the theatrically strong. Do they know who they're dealing with?:-P
what's the URL? I'm on IE at the moment
Fuck a nigga for a dub ass bitch
Nice shot!
Of course he did.
your skills pay the bills
More Fertility Treatments Tomarrow I love how my fertility clinic is open on Saturdays then Tmoney can go to them.
Yep, ... Drink a "Glass of Positivity" today.....!
thank you for following!
. and getting shout outs at #mwrc12 for their implementation of change management in the project/service mgmt rtbl
text me
Makeshift innocence. Live. In LA!
this bitch just said who the fukk is this tryna sound like and shit!!!! im lmao!!!!!
RAY. No slight intended. It was your list of her wonderful qualities that made me pay attention! You're a lucky man.
Are there some people who aren't?!?! #ifnotaretheyhuman? RT I'm afraid of falling into storm drains.
Wow, Pat Summitt stepping down as Tennessee's women's basketball coach. She held it down at the top for a long time.
I'll be home soon!!!
Awesome Happy Birthday to your group. Come sit in Sec 222 with us.
thought you'd you like that😊 hahah
Uh oh, will investigate. Thanks for letting us know.
They were afraid, never having learned what I taught myself: Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear. ~ G. Gordon Liddy
justin bieber is so sexy & amazing I'm excited for his video & to go to his. Concert so yes I'm cray to see my man. ;)
Bout to call this 410 number to see of she'll give me 's number... Ultimate win! Lmaooo!
I can't type today.....
How often to you read the ingredient list on a product? If it is a long list are you less likely to purchase?
m avacados... I should go pick some up. :D
Thank you, thank you - couldn't do it without everyone's support. Hope you're having a wonderful day, Rebecca!
Drinking A Glass of water sometimes is so refreshing, I love water
Thats weird, it could be cuz of the premiere riot? I got access to it early from work cuz I was writing the review!
yeah. A nice mix of George Brett anger/Carl Everett crazy.
glad you're liking it! we don't have the calendar functionality yet, but we are definitely looking into it. we'll keep you posted.
Lady Gaga Is So Pretty ,!! (: But Why Does She Have To Be Weird?! -_____-
Thanks for the offer! I'll see if I can find the files. Sounds interesting!
Hahaha oh, moms.
I didnt know ur mom was ! #dstroyalty Congrats soror on your anniversary!
It always seems like loudly-singing-person-upstairs only sings when I'm trying to do homework, or go to sleep. Her timing is impeccable...
is flying to Casper, Wyoming to interview for convention center feasibility study
it is! Ha yeah Norwich at 4
Besides the music licensing companies pay the artists... I think you misread the petition anyways.
Looks like we lost Chuck!
thanks I will check it out
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Salute Pretty box -->
of course lol im showin follower appreciation :)
Good night :)
that would be great! lol and thankgod! isnt didnt come fast enough..
Hi there, sorry you didn't find what you needed. Can you send me your email address and we'll see what we can do?
HOW did they think of 25??
Lockout needs to end
keep up the rate of character death and you'll have to change your name to Game of Bones
Guys with facial hair is such a turn on!!! Yum yum yummy lmao
I am a pig and I snort a lot
En Masse Entertainment Marks a New Era in Online Gaming with Launch of Heralded Action MMO, TERA
hey Johnny! Congrats on the "W". We're hoping and #BucsNation have 16 of those! DM what tea u want.
Um, does she have a name or are you just gonna call her "hey intern?"
what are you are reading?
dude! they 1st said 5k for the surgery, i said hell no. so they got a student vet to do it for 3k, but post-op added up
averaging $0.13 per bid with a 1% CTR...not bad...although I really need to wait a week to see what's up
` I Swear People Needa Leave #chrisbrown Alone, Just MAd Cause He Hot Right Now (:
prove them wrong!
sitting here . Wing bored with my life . .-.
So many lives changed!! So many pounds lost and so many health improvements! This is just a few of the thousands of lives changed by...
sounds good my man, ill keep an eye out
Wondering why my first stop on a book's Amazon page is always its 1-star reviews...
me too. I'm like she know where to find me.
I know your grand opening party is memorial day weekend but are you already open??
What happens when an abortion clinic employee accepts Christ? Alternate Choices available on Kindle & Nook. www.traceyperger.com
lol lol i hear that so whats new wit u
lol Smh if only I was there Lmfao. We should alternate whose paper we write on bahahaha
Time for a recording update. I will be finishing up guitars tonight and then all we have left is vocals. Getting so close. -Kenny-
SOON! You will be pointing a me and not be afraid! :D
Nice! Just arrived. Getting tix now. :)
Just watched a guy pick his gf's nose on the T. There is a level of too close and it was abt 5 steps before that.
L.A. Acting Workshop is seeking a Performing Arts Youth Instructor for students ages 5 - 11 and a Teen Instructor for ages 12 - 16.
Thank you my dear Jay! Hugs
Is it bad form to tweet that your proposal was accepted for a conf before the conf announces speakers?
#Follow and
Wet ... but still at farmer's market! Come today at Te for some local cheese & eggs & fresh produce omelets!
I love when my wife tells me to have fun adventure every morning! It makes my day exciting and full of intrigue!
Another day education.......leeggooo
Excitement and anticipation is building up.
I hate show mini vans to customers shit is so boring... my face be like its a fucking mini van fuck you want me to tell you? lol
Thx 4 following me. facebook April lakergirl Bynum. Also Apriss the model like my fan page #FF modeling is my passion
our internet has gone down multiple times today. Its out again. Can you help with this issue?
me & my girl are going to the Tribes game tomorrow!
the peek behind the curtain = everything i hoped for. except now i want my own protected account so i can tweet back honestly
that's who I voted for. Transformers: The Fall of Megatron
Looking forward to covering some ground in class this week. 2 days last week, and 2 days next week make slow moving in class.
How 'bout them #Buccos. Ha.
Look for an AP correction because no doubt many people will notice the faulty math there.
REFUCKINGTWEET!!!! ": I hate shady people, especially when they're awkward about it."
Are you acknowledging the sexual sovereignty of adults in addition to attacking trafficking? CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS!!!
What could be the market value of a painting by Berthe Morisot today?
Great day to serve the LORD. Serve HIM with gladness. Be Blessed
Welcome to the neighborhood! Can't wait to check out the new store.
thanks for the follow
On the phone wit wifey, if you boutta take a nap then ill leave you. :/
The photo contest is going swimmingly. Amazing what "Ends Soon" does to people.
Any predictions on where Peyton ends up?
Just got home..Marcum threw 46 pitchers in the first inning and did not return? I have a bad feeling about this series. Can we just skip it?
the 1921 race riots that happened in Tulsa where a black community was
I'm fine thanks. It's been ages since we spoke. Do you even remember me?
Want about 20% to buy drop ins and 80% for membership to be at optimal cash flow.
Not only does it highlight the value, it helps convey the msg that LinkedIn "understands" Slideshare.
“: We must recognize that we are responsible for the way we respond to people, actions, and events in our life." #BeEpic”
His actions lately certainly point to this>>>>RT Limbaugh's a double agent.
Listening to on the radio!
Mr. Kent Lind! the one and only! follow me back my airbrush brother!
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #fashionshow friend!
Your tweets inspired me SO much, ❤♥
Should be 2-0 sixers. Yea, I said it.
With my dad as he eat the dinner I made him. He wanted white beans with smoked pork necks.
Finally done with freshman year(:
"Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has gone, the new has come." 2 Corinthians 5:17
DO will be going.
Happy Holidays - and a great New Year.
RT Let me get a Bud Light Platinum please
would you be up for writing a blog post for me about the myths of recycling?
when will you be available on the PS3 or Wii???
Single on Valentine's Day? Come party with Casual Encounters/Missed Connections on the 13th- Tickets are just $10 bucks!...
I think you are just trying to get me in trouble, lady.
Good half but WADE needs to get going!!!
of course :)
“: Bout 2 Get #BackToLove in Tallahassee. #hittinthestage” < how many of my Tallahassee folks going to this?!
Wuzz goodie long lost soul....how art thou?
Two back to back perfect weather days in NYC. Wanna jar it up for later this Summer when it will inevitably be a swamp of heat and piss
Watching the game
he should just become an underwear model. or a nude model.. either way, i think all beliebers would be happy lol
would it help if I was ok with that challenge?!
thanks and I will give our best
I wish i would explain myself to you.
well sorry!!!! idk what to tell u.
A good friend/fellow rider over in Tampa posted it...Hoping to have a good turn out tomorrow!
glad I'm on that list, dickwad!
OVS thanks the PJ Library for last month's children’s Shabbat program! Stay tuned for details on our next kids program coming on August 20.
Dicken's "A Christmas Carol", not sure which version I prefer, also "Holiday Inn", "The Christmas Story", & "Miracle.."
let's get started on that treasure map!
it's beautiful
HOT Rumor – Nikon Set to Launch Mirrorless ILC Camera
never? NEVER SAY NEVER! he notice you again if you keep trying. & you can meet him too!
#thingIwishIhadthissemester ... All A's
I'm in a special library, so students/kids questions don't apply to me right now either. But you never know.
A3.Lack of exec’s on board w/mobile strategy, IT & marketing dept can't manage mobile together. Source: Aberdeen Group
lol let's see him try to get in the lane with AD swatting every attempt he makes
all for edcamp but 2 feet would get too disorderly for me. RT : Should the rule of two feet be used in a class edcamp?
Alright, a fight to the death...A 16 foot Alligator trapped in a big hole with a full size Male American Black Bear, who wins?
now I am! For Franco the Great!
state law requires you to declare since a primary is for 2 major parties to nominate candidates. Would require change at state...
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I Wanted To Grow Up, And Now I Wish I Was A Kid
CO State Board of Ed votes 4-3 to oppose bill that would require state participation in multistate testing.
Thanks so much for all the support! Walked the red carpet, now waiting in line for press! This so so cool!!
#NP Better Now Collective Soul
Ah stomache ache :L -.-
dkjfldnflkd WELL I DO.
So Mayor Gibson is running for County Commissioner. Not surprised
": Have I told you.. lately...that I love you"
I'm going to kick today's ass.
Thanks for the follow. Glad to see ya still fightin'!
oh I see you tweeting bro.
MT “: Independent bookseller, will you be my Valentine?” hear, hear
Moving furniture word so not the buisness but shit had fun
i actually love skyscraper.... gotta say its good, check that, great. congrats!
Should have been a requirement! RT : Finally! A session named after an Elvis song.
Doing well! And yourself?
Thanks for the #FF's! Been on the road the last couple of days. :)
you really must give me more notice
Really need a furry animal in my life, but lease doesn't allow it. And no, gluing fur to a turtle shell won't do it for me.
addict !!! Lest change that addiction with another one ;)
Moving speeches this morning from Mitman, Rome, and Cronon at the Earth Day at 40 conference in Madison.
that's great news Theresa! Looking forward to seeing your new site & all the changes.
What the fuck is everyone talking about, where are the tennis courts?
let me know when you go see it.....let me what you think about it when you do go.
I am loving this place
Get rid of that hangover with some brunch and a bloody accompanied with some MarchMadness!
you do have a point there
It's time to buy new lenses for that eyeglass frame you love!
It's Grosse Pointe Blank tonight I think. Another good one... love me some dry dry humor.
sure...why not!
Thanks for sharing your insights Joe!
Jam get their first lead of the game with a lay-up by Butch.. 7-6 with 8:23 left in Q1
If you have put in a follower request recently, it's possible that I deleted the request in error. Check and re request if I didn't accept.
u cant understand! its like this power!
To each, their own I say. So long as you don't mess with me or my family.
so epic I assume?
god I hope not. Sven as Villa manager would be disastrous!
make a cup of tea and listen to music
Tweet me <333
We're trying to keep things intimate but since you asked, sure, tell your +1 to RSVP as well.
I'll try! My teacher always goes over the class time 
fuck yeah, dragon lady!
Parents visiting for the weekend yay! off to the Wild Animal Park today
are you going to replace exhaust this summer?
Still need a loving home: I have two tix to #SportingKC this Saturday! $45/ea. I'll buy you a beverage! :)
T.G.I.F DAM
Wow these rapper guys are irritating
you lucky bastard!!
get those legs ready for the slopes.
Really, NYC Parking Violation Dept? Pay a ticket online and then I get to "checkout"??? This is not Gilt!
Flooded in, not leaving home, work from home day! Please don't stop raining. Unless it's to get Aaron home.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; everybody needs to be protected and have someone to Help them .
« Some things will never change.»
Well there's people and more people/What do they know know know/ Go to work in some high rise/And vacation down at the gulf of mexico--JM
When you're addicted to something and you can't get it you do anything without thinking!!
i'm an accomplice. #fuck!
has got you covered for your winter adrenaline rush. Check out these tickets to this years Snow Bomb Fest.
In my bag
Thanks for the great music! Keep it up!
Had a power nap earlier... Was good stuff
My IQ is 184, no wait... That's my cholesterol level.
Another easy 3 miler today. Trying to keep it normal but how normal can you be before running your first Boston Marathon. very nervous
"Up to no good" sounds like teenagers smoking cigarettes behind the bleachers, not sexual assault. Curious why that phrasing?
Rehearsing for the next few shows with a new set list; demoing 'snippets' for the next DTES record.
couldn't of said it any better. “: Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We "TALK"!!!!!”
I love putting my fingers through 's hair .
Britney Is A Perfect Mother -- RT if you love !
your headline is dead on! ;) we put an offer in on the townhome at 4106 Newton to use as an invst property..countered too hi
Twitter Free Restaurant Zoe. See ya soon!
Aren't I the coolest!!?... Got kicked out the krystals drive thru, and insulted by the police all in one night!!
yeah you can either send it to me on here or to my personal
Memo to : it's possible to leave our apt. at 11:15am, walk downtown, procure a breakfast burrito, and make it to the train by noon
see what i mean... That can't be me... Won't allow it.... Lmfao
Just made that midterm my BITCH. Now its time to get ready for my fake date :D
P.S. I saw the "terrorist" herself RT'ed your Schamus story over the weekend!
More than 1000 in the trips initiatied by The Congress of Racial Equality & the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.
My New DP is loading.
“: Physical therapy, massage, then off to play golf with and !” #roughlife lol!!
Rain delay.
um excuse me... you forgot one
I should've seen that one coming.
#organic #clothing #freshmotif #tees #fashion OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Reduces Toxic Chemicals (conventional cotton is full of toxins)
welcome back big fella!
new arty weekend video coming today
dudes are chanting Mario
yep...that's me
J.Michael rises again! New album and video coming out soon. Can't keep this girl down ;)
They did bot do a very good job with the shipuden. And u gata start hunterxhunter. It is so good. Never boring or repetitive.
ah!!! LOVED that night! Miss U girls
wait what happened? I used to go to church in a school
Yet another reference to my beard from the stage at a / event.
well thanks c: lol
isn't he awesome?
this Houston life is like a catch 22... as far as having what I want, paradise, its a 10 ! having fun like I did in the Chi, a mere 5 !
Jessica alba :D
Real Housewives of Atlanta Reunion. U?
$350 for a Coachella GA Wristband next year? Ouch
I'm not getting any error message, does it still appear broken to you? Let me know so we can work on gettin' it fixed for you!
Amen Brother!
Same as well
what happened boo ?
could be a major #Pause but......it's yeezy and hov so you get away with it lol
Thanks for the info on colleges!
i love youu very much! Please Follow Me<3
Christie has no hear no soul but he does have a great: the television camera!
Met lots of new friends this week, especially tonight. I will miss
Ayo, girl. Why do you have your eye brows up like you're surprised in every freaking picture on your Facebook?
We plan to be at #HPmkt in Fall, see you there? RT : TY for getting the post together in time for the High Point Market!
Success! Finally! I guess I'm just not allowed to add commentary. Would have been commentary D- to the -I- to the double-T-O!
Sometimes its best to let people think what they're doing is right, so when life smack the shit out of them, they won't blame you!
#youjustgotdiagnosed RT : anxiety. you know suttin i dont know? spill it kid
haha, I always WAS on it, just wasn't ON it haha...
Wonder, too, if reflect and analyze should be there. We hardly ever look back and learn in order to plan ahead effectively.
So glad you're loving it! :)
RT : Over the holiday weekend are you going to do any volunteer work?
you totally inspired me. Would love to get more #PR insights from you.
At NYC Startup Weekend. Awesome crowd.
she loves me and misses me more Austin (;
I'm never satisfied, no matter what I achieve I always want more and no matter how good I do I always feel like I could have done better.
It's all about playing to ur fan base. Saying I luv Castro in Miami is like saying I luv Bush in the middle of dowtown Baghdad.
I know your hearts been broken, but please don't give up, I'll be right there to fix it right up <3
While temps made it well into the 60's today, lows tonight will fall to around 35. Temps 10° cooler tomorrow.
you too girl! sorry i didnt stay and chat. i had to get home.
looking at my invisible DMs with Madison....
The Hu Honua power plant was originally built in 1974. We are excited to retrofit the facility to a modern biomass facility.
It looks deceptively nice outside. Sunshine is beautiful. However, it's only 50 degrees.
Shaking my head.
kid looks rich, I might need a loan.
RT : Q2 DAM is not just about technology. DAM is technology + best practices + amazing support + processes
don't encourage the man.
Off to sell some real estate today!
A6 Mktg needs to get better at feeding the management dashboard—focus on contributions to revenue and profit
#GTMW here we come! Keep an eye out for our team and you can win an Empirical t-shirt! Tweet me a pic of you with our lovely staff to win
Have you already sent out the new posters? Because I still haven't got mine :/
There are some sort of organic church people I know that I hang with Sunday AMs before being "institutionalized".
I did play a Penta! No RocketBallz though, used a Burner Superfast.
“: If you <3 America, care about the future and believe that we are better off without Obamanomics. RT this. #Resist44”
Get the best people and train them well. Scott McNealy
I'm so excited to write this paper, I'm shivering. Oh wait, that might be the red bull.
We're bff's because I got hit in the head today too. With a softball though. Someone threw it at me. :( sadsadsad.
CHRIS NEWMAN ACOUSTIC-BOO FROG-SNOW BUD-NAPALM BEACH OCTOBER 2010
Thanks for the share!
some guy just came to the door trien to sell me some shit, not interested and he goes alright happy 4/20 lol really
It's insane that would take so much content to FuelTV and there be no HD. Can't imagine lets that be issue for long.
is this a trap?
“: Making college references to people who obviously never went. #TFM”
YOU"RE TOO OLD TO BE PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFFS!! YOU"RE GONNA HURT YOURSELF
OK, fine. will get my Black Friday business but that's it!
Q11 get as much done online as possible! buying/comparing even if you have it shipped to store so you dont have to pay s&h
JL! Count us in! Best & success.
Where's some good outside courts with a lot of people hoopin?? Thought there was one near danville I went to before
Is there any way I can get the JPEG for Muscle Max.. I want to put it on my FB PAGE.!
Watching the followup of #CelebrityRehab. U seem much calmer & more at peace. I hope you continue to do well!
I love when you tell me you love me.
Stay safe out there tonight
Doubt and underestimation my greatest
Doing great :) Found a place to live in St. Augustine and #MARSunplugged in tonight!!! :D lol!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling .
"Threat Level Midnight" is amazing.
I'll miss free rides downtown, but a good step towards it cleaning up- No more free bus rides in downtown after Sept. 29....
holla got some fire as beats
your weird
sometimes you just need to not work.
Why is it when you seem the most tired during the day you are the most awake at night. I did figure out how to turn on Swype typing though
I see why you have to be a certain age to be on Facebook. Because they don't want immature assholes like you on there.
no matter wat any body say spread tha peace & stay Mindless
Updates to #Twitter are rolling out today. What do you think about the new look and features?
Ahh, back to normal (:
#rip grandpa Heber happy birthday I love you and miss you.
I'm asking for each performer 2 acts 5min max..
:) I Am Now Happy. HA! I have something to tell you.
Hey Carmen! newsflash - building sold by Carey to developer for $23MIL!! WTF? The neighborhood is exploding. U got out in time !
HI , I just started following you - I understand you are looking for a position I am a Sales Recruiter for ADP. Let's talk!
i thought it was Earl B. Turner ?
Cats by 21.
it's Friday and has been a very long week and it's not over yet...but tonight I need to party!
omg im sorrie that wuz not for you!!! It wis supposed to be for som1 else:P lol sorriee
I think Craig Finn sucks balls, and not baseballs.
That's where it's a bit deceiving. Sponsorship $ accounts for up to 90% for some athletes. How's your project coming?
Dr. Pepper 10 needs to calm down.
lol had i seen you on twitter earlier i would have punk. plus its not like i have your
Your profile pic... That's so real.
We saw that April 17 is Pet Owners Independence Day. We aren't really sure what that means, but it sounds good! Celebrate with your pet!
hello i got your tweet and i would LOVE to work with you
The key thing tho is that fair use is fuzzy, and only a defensive claim rather than a right per se.
UC BEARCATS > #2 Syracuse & Georgetown. Great win Cats! One more win and we're Big East Champions!
Make this day a healthy eating day!
Wind again? WHATEVER!
hahaha that's great only he would notice that
lol you just gon tell me to fix it, you betta let yo boyfriend handle that
but they are great at buying awesome domain names
Playing new songs at the headlining gig this Friday! Also we'll have a second guitarist with us for the 1st time in three years! Come watch
lol mines better ;) aha
Nabisco Newtons Fruit Thins in Cranberry Citrus Oat. Nom!
Now Playing: Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey- When you believe
thank you!!!
Tonight at 9pm CST, tune in to 98.3 fm or www.weld.fm for 3 hours of music and conversation with Attempt To Fail!
Most burglaries happen in 10 minutes or less. Make your home hard to break into by ALWAYS locking your doors, windows, and security gates!
Awh! Thanks! :D
#fa435 The self that we once were is always in the process of becoming the self we are yet to be. Word.
not sure I got to either of those areas.
Having a hot guy best friend is the worst! haha you can't flirt with them!!
RT : Changed my mind...I prefer my page private *shrugs* *>*aww
Yes, international too! Spread the word! :)
Back to sketching because I have free time once again!
so this white dude walked by me and my bro smokin and said i smell poisen ivy
Hi Cal, nice to find you on LinkedIn, FB & Twitter. Thanks so much for the wonderful LinkedIn Recommendation! :)
happy birthday bro live it up!!!
Not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'd totally use this. bit.ly/9RPKCh
you could write about a line of hemingway for books
mhmmmm who is this about beautiful ?
Nice meeting you! Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
amazing in a good sense or outrageous sense?
Nothing quite like airports and air travel to remind me that, for the most part, I hate people.
But I do look 4 them 2 make up for it on the other end of the court. Not playing hard after the mistake is what concerns me.
www.chooseychicks.com Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!!
o ok
": Damn I wish he wont ........uhmmmm" too bad home girl it's official
so you just gonna ignore my last tweet?
up to 50% for real estate agents..send me our referrals
that would be acceptable too
Play big in the 2nd half!
any plans for 2013 calendar yet?
The weekend is packed with great live music! #420 Blow-out TONIGHT w/ ! presents a CD Release w/ Corsair on Sat.!
I just realized tht I'm much meaner to people now..
Wishing i could watch the fight right now
who are you rooting for now ? when the y said COLDPLAY i thought they said COLTON :$
Things I'm looking forward to:Black ops 2,the avengers,men in black 3,halo 4,zombieland 2 (if there will be 1),and getting a girlfriend.
emma is such a nice looking dog! i wish the weather was better here...it's cold and grey :(
Wishing you could take it all back
yes tragic and wish they didn't air publicly these things
I Smoke Strong That PopEye! ^__^
What kind of specials are around town tonight for people in #Madison looking to watch tonight's #Brewers vs. #Mets game?
thanks for the follow!
You're welcome.
10k is a fun, pushes you hard.
Damn dude!! does it again! Great job man. SO Proud!! made the right choice
that boy is a monster! a great one at that :P
If you would come over and hangout you coulda got them lol
haha! Be afraid, be very afraid. :)
I think I'm going to take the surgery because keeping up with these Meds 👎
Gousha: informative, thoughtful civil discussion. Showing video on Lessard case.
its loading! So what exactly is it?
Fun meeting time
looking forward to your tweets! If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us! We'll get there fast.
Everyone in the office is dying their hair radioactive red. So trashy.
If I saw dogs that looked *that* intelligent, more often... I'd have way too many puppies in my apt.
Oh keep the cold there.. :(
My bad for not knowing wtf "WORLD PEACE" is... and that he is Ron artest... i dont really watch basketball like that.. ima #FOOTBALL girl
Bench and Wall Climbs not part of AMRAP
Turkey crossing the street and holding up traffic... So many good jokes coming to mind!
sorry boo I'll visit later :*
The 1 thing that is most hurtful, is that he lies again today on TJMS and says I am a republican plant., Unlike u Alvin I can take criticism
So I have a little confession about myself for all of you: I would rather have a lot of inexpensive things than one highly expensive thing.
#20ThingsAboutMe i black out when i get mad n dont remember y i was mad in the 1st place and who i was mad at
Can't wait for you all to hear the new tracks . have been laying down. So, so strong.
more that every blogger is reading skeevy guys and throwing up landing pageso sell some damn ebook - - a $400 value for only $99!
mhm... do you see me having a baby?
don't forget he dropped that one as the lead singer of his speed metal band Body Count!
ive watched it before but not in a long time because theres no point to the shoe anymore!!!
RT Back to the grind!!!
I saw that. Looked strangely familiar .....
Just made a cake and it said #GRAND on it(:
Very nice looking bike. Is it coming to the USA as well?
God was with me and my sister tonight... And I cant thank Him enough for what He did.
dude . I'm at a park (: , and I'm suppose to be at school . Shhhhh .
I really hope we aren't disappointed. Apple stock was down less than a point despite Jobs resignation. False encouragement?
Working on the details of the launch party! Details coming soon...
That last ep of law and order was so sad 😢
Going to a social media advertising lecture...learning what you didn't teach me....
Why not?
I take 3 L’s to the head, love , live , life & i’m dead
#20ThingsAboutMe all i eat is chicken nuggets and french fries
“: Javelle got real nasty on the lob..”that fool ain't playin tonight
We make the mistake of expecting everyone else to try as hard to succeed but most are satisfied with just mediocre. It's not good enough!
Gotta watch last nights Glee! How was it?!
Aisha Tyler give me a break! TBR
Would you like to see more Interest lists added to our site? Let us know by tweeting with
don't bring anything tomorrow! Won't be there
I got out of My car while I was in the middle of a carwash this morning!!!!
RT : "Ask not what the fuck your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your fucking country."
I don't understand this tweet. Please clarify.
very cool, . and lots of us in georgia now!
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN ! You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3
It is BEE-YOU-TI-FUL outside! Love this weather... and writing with the windows open.
