like the 40 miles, nice work!
Welp, so much for that undefeated season Chane Behanan predicted. UK is waiting.
Amen!! RT : CUT THE SHIT. WHY CANT YOU JUST CUT OUT THE REPEAT OF THE GOOD WIFE?
u too!
Despite having my feet trampled on and nearly punching a few people was the bollocks, deffo seeing his next one! #WellDoneBabe!
yes yes yes!!!
Belated RIP to Georeg Steinbrenner. Even as a Red Sox fan, you've gotta respect an owner who wants to win at all costs.
“: Thanks for everything the other night!” always out tonight if you girls make it
How does a team stand a chance against us when they cant even stand on their feet when they get bumped!! Lol
Joe Flacco stinks. He's just a really, really bad football player. Kid has an internal clock slower than bledsoes
no, boo! already on a plane. next time!
Men of colour academics invested in patriarchy are far too common for me to feel safe in this career path and world.
Turns out Kanye West took Kim Kardashian to an NBA game for a date. Or as Kim would call it "window shopping."
what's good man..songwriter I meet u at the international music conference...they play my records u liked
Can I just say GO MATT KENSETH!!!
She couldn't be a luckier kid. Or cuter. Congrats!
Nautica as our latest #blastoffnetwork retail partner. Welcome!
Note to self: April 9th is International Gin & Tonic Day.
absolutely! I retweeted your previous post with the ustream link. Good luck!!
"People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up" from "A Writers Guide to The Hollywood Jungle" by S. Marx
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The law doesn't require you to split property 50/50 upon divorce - it requires a "just and right" division.
Fucking awesome day.
Sweet! RT : "I've seen the future! It's a bald Headed man from New York!" Watching Lost in America thanks to
Working on following people back. Sorry, only following real people and those in Portland right now. At reply if we missed you!
Another tough day at the office
I did not, in fact, star in St. Elmo's Fire, nor was I just acquired by the Cleveland Indians.
Hi Laura- we won't be accepting applications until after the holidays. We'll keep you posted. Thanks!!
Tv shows can be so dramatic
Fake Baby, just shut up!
ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!! Plus, BREAKFAST BURRITOS till 3! With optional CHORIZO!!! Mention this post, and get one for half price!
Valentines Day is the most overrated holiday.
I Would Love For You To Follow Me :)
I am honored to be returning as head coach for the team this year; thank you to all those who have supported me and the team
bring the radish on down. Chef lisa will help.
When me and my mom clean. Mom:i got the kitchen, you got the rest of the house. Me: .....k ?
HA! RT : ESPN just boasted that Grantland is the first mainstream website to successfully bridge sports and pop culture.
had the best day ever, thanks to Twin Oaks and all the awesome people I commingled with!
learned when we did that grocer interested in OS was leaving Memphis & selling their grocery stores... Reviewing concepts
They respond so u can respond so they can respond =
I want to start a podcast where I just get wasted the entire show and bitch about sports.
I got my email confirmation for real world casting tomorrow.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided - Casey Stengel
Could siragusa shut the fuck up?
Hand for hand. Up to 180k after some nice spots on the bubble. Winning lots of antes :))
yummmyy i want some!
#MyCelebCrushIs there a latin american actress with personality? Her lol
I watched to the end but I have to give it to you straight, you didn't seem prepared to create "premium content". Meandering.
No one ever pays me in gum!
I'd say 100 years old and as slow as a snail
Why would anyone start a rumor campaign that Jon Bon Jovi has died?
don't be a dick and turn on espn. Duke rallying from a 20 pt deficit.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
I'll take it...sweet! RT : how about a gold star?
Ever notice how the biggest scumbags in life come off as the nicest people ever and some of the best people come off like pricks?
what's up.
God help me, I think I want to see the Harold & Kumar Christmas movie.
hahha! He's so cutee him & jackie were playing, to cutee :D
Everywhere that happens! RT : my coworkers and I take so much advantage when my manager not here
Myrtle Beach, SC
Brian Turner (PSU) and former director of the is now responding. Focus on collaboration in digital tools and its import.
My birthday's at the end of the month. Concert in my honor? Just saying....
India won worldcup cricket after 28 years ... cheers ...
RT i love my team, i would die for them niggas.
god you're so on top of it!
What, and leave this mess in a dress? Not in a million. LOL At WLRN NPR now - 91.3FM. All cerebral & stuff. You good, Sweetie?
SO Cuttteee! Are they still there??
I miss you, Leo.
And like a flood, His mercy reigns.
Great weather!
What time do you expect Eric Hutchinson to take the stage tonight?
Try again, verb missing. ;)
You have a problem...
thanks for the follow!
nice kudos to William Burroughs and Tibor Kalman. little dig at TDR ;)
Beach was god. Now showered and about to eat out with the family at Korean BBQ. Last night here :( idonnnwannaleave
Spent the morning with one of our school partners. Customizing a mentor program 4 their children. Amped about what the kids will experience!
Curious about patents, trademarks or copyrights? Get an Intro to Intellectual Property today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center, 2nd floor east.
Just got burnt driving in the car for about 20 minutes.
Patrick Stump's voice will always put me in a better mood.
ONE-LINER: Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
you in la for good?
Gonna jam home, inhale sustenance and then jam back downtown for
good night bitchess :)
So I was right in the first place.... Then I started to believe her. I feel dumb. Lol whatever, at least it's done.
Brians Song is probably the saddest movie I have ever seen
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!! Hope you're having a wonderful day!! Blessings♥ :)
thanks for the shout!! Happy New Year~
Luckily, the barrier to entry of using IRC keeps the quality high on #minecraft on freenode
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment. -E James Rohn
"It sure is hot on these rhinos."
Please explain connection between egg laying rabbits, jellybeans, & monotheism? BTW, don't lose track of hidden hardboiled eggs. still stinx
Yup! I usually toss these out; not sure why I thought twice this time. Canned spam it is; even the email read as prefab.
I'm getting all my stuff out of my form and into my house!
First rehearsal last night for THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN. It was obvious that the only answer is not to sleep for the next four weeks.
#LAStageTalks Steven, yes. Working within a discipline make a difference when writing about it. So helpful.
Happy #ff Friday!!
All fracking critics are fear mongers eh ? Nope, there are legitimate health & enviro concerns.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Im down for a fantasy league
For the first time in over a year of post production, Im finally completely happy with the intro to this film, thanks to
These guys are do hot
Friday nite is rocking out Caribbean style in the lounge in the South Bay! It's going to a great show!
is it me, or is Smith looking like Tebow?
Kids. Husband. Work. Just to name a few.
Had the best holiday/weekend in awhile!!!! #happy:) Back 2 the grind now.
Come enjoy the lovely sound of tonight @ 5:30! Did we mention Happy Hour is until 7! Live Music + Happy Hour = An Amazing Night!
Dear crime scene shows, thanks for teaching me how to commit the perfect crime.....(: Sincerely perfect killer(:
HahaHaha, I Was Watching Supernatual ...You Hip??.
Fascinating talk with on about "Escape from Camp 14" Shin Dong-hyuk's life in a North Korean prison camp.
Last nite a hungry homeless lady refused bread I offered her because she said "I dont eat glutein"...only in
Damn y did I eat that Chinese food my stomach is hurting I need the gym now lol
I am now a bigger fan of for being my first follower.
Fuck yes. Now let's hold this one.
#nfldraft opinions on Branch DE from Clemson...2nd round grade?
RT : glad we came out tonight.< whhhaaaat!!! where were you? Rabbits!!!
thank you!
u suck! Im still here
Does anyone know where to find an example of a bio for a "social media expert"? Note: not for me :)
Take advantage of the Valentine's Day 100% one year discount to Navis Yachts Magazine in pdf format, visit
Hilltop field art, drink!
Sam you better fucking help out Mercedes.
Today's gift card winner is Elisabeth Payne. Congratulations!
Greatest day! RT : Great Day, or Greatest Day?
For the record, never trust an alcohol infused concoction made from this individual --> CC:
That is soo sweet. You actually love your fans. That is cool of you. Not many people do that and tell them.
I hate when bitches bitch on twitter
Beautiful Day In Houston for taking a long Ride....Hope alls good your way.. and Be safe out there Yall!!!!!!!
Smart phones: making the boring parts of life bearable.
What are you piercing?
“: We're thrilled to be opening the new Benjamin Franklin exhibition today!” cool.
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
my trade proposal for david akers on my fantasy team is turned down
Happy 100th birthday to the Oreo! I prefer Double Stuf. yum yum good!
any chance of shooting you on the beach today before the event tonight? we never get the beach shot in nyc!
twitter is for old people.
Don't be mad because you're spot wasn't on there.
Yawn #BarneysBrideUnveiled, show me the Mother.
Oh yea lol RT : mothers day perhaps
RT for Austin with braces FAVORITE for Austin without braces (: -Ali❤
#famouslies I wore a condom
I love doing that. I go on a "like attack." RT : Sometimes I be on facebook liking peoples status' for the heck of it
lol wut? you know Utah has the highest per capita consumption of porn, right?
oh heeeyyy there. Fancy meeting you here.
International Woman's Day?!
He is the #fattestmayor #Newark has ever seen andhe is always on tv.America loves fatsos!Why would he lose weight?
Day 5 of my 10 day work week. Shwingggg
looking forward to Mahler 5 this morning!
we as a society need to break the monopoly of the lefts hatred and control! Support the conservatives!
“: Oh, yes continue to tell me about how sweet your knuckle ball is that you're too afraid to throw in games.”
it's
What fitness routine are you doing today?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
basically across the street. Hahaha.
Get up, keep your pjs on and get The Eatery! Don't wear pjs? Put some on!
Heard of NFL widows? I think im becoming a Netflix widower.
WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. (;
Time for a nap!
Lol btw I'm off you too do don't text me
Maybe not so "public" but the rest of it- hell yeah! Cheers to that!
WHAT IS
very interesting - is this for rockmelt?
u give me the runs... Lol
no my dms get deletd by themselves along with everything else on my phone lol
totally just realized the Stephen Colbert's desk is a big C
oh hey! Corky,or Orkid!how can u tell from Corky and Orkid A part and markings and suff!?
What art "hot spots" should a visitor to KC hit besides H&R Block Artspace at KCAI, Nelson-Atkins Museum and Kemper Museum?
Scotland Yard: Live TONIGHT at 9: Jumbo Shrimp! NO COVER. Everybody loves Jumbo Shrimp so come down and see why. It's Friday, celebrate it!
:-) Ayee I think my momma gon' let me go to Harlan. #NoMoreTexas'!
hot damn sounds awesome. Saw reunion post but no show announcement.
Lil will dnt even want no dam party....
Probably not, but that's the only phrase that popped into my head.
what good man...songwriter with julia huie martin
Why are you such a cunt,
I always need a fresh pair of eyes to look over any contract before I sign it; luckily I keep a few in my nightstand.
excellent, thanks! RT : No worries, I'll let you know about future events!
Feeling bitter about Ohio politics.#SB5 and #OHHeartbeatBill is sending me straight to some icecream.
Next week-only retweets!We love our friendsPunk is Love! Our FF? #All y'all Stay strong standing up-&Fu*k those powers We rock!BPunk!
About to get up and get myself together...and head out to do me and the husband errands
We submit to you, Lord, and trust Your love and grace. Heal our brother, Your son, by Your power and for Your glory. Amen.
Lucky you. I'm still working on the ones for my last class.
Did Gen. Winfield Scott ever look young? Not in 1812 and not in 1861.
Please don't be upset with me. You have your health, be thankful. ;-) RT Bite the big one, Junior.
I went to the US Open night at the Bohemian Club last week, met Matbie, Miller, Tatum & tournament director Danny Sink!
study math ... is boring....
Congrats on 1st match win! kick some Pflugerv butt today in #lttennis !
Fight what you want.....
I'm so glad I start my 5 days off tomorrow. People at work have really annoyed me this week. 😒
Really, Google+.... chill with the notifications already :)
'We are not for war because we respect the peace that we have signed', RoSS spokesperson Banaba Benjamin via
"Come on baby let brian show you what it feels like"
RT : Each day in Dec. we are RANDOMLY picking a lucky follower to win a $25 gift card... check in daily to see if it's YOU!
Totally bought a 12 pk of Amp yesterday
Have time I'd love for you to check out my videos, "Happy birthday Vickie", "MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN","it's me again" I'm
Agree! Love SF, dislike time diff! RT : love being out west, being three hours behind NYC makes me feel like I'm running late.
It's a cool and gentle Manhattan evening.
Scripps Hospital ERs uses new high-tec body "cooling" device to improve cardiac arrest survival. New study urges wider use.
The #SOTU is about to start, Gabrielle Giffords just came in to widespread applause
Vince just pointed out that more than 5000 people have attended our town halls. The people of the District care about this city.
#GoGetter RT : - i wish somebody was ovaa Here too Keep mee Company ((;
exciting! but why colbert and fallon?
Yeap Ha Ha Ha
Canadian bagpipers outside the Mayflower. Sure.
Getting some sushi @ shibuya in mgm. Cool place!!
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
. Always a pleasure to meet our local aerialists! Are you joining us tomorrow for #GettingAirborne ? Come say hi!
It's credibility Randy. Marvin Gaye sang it and Steven Tyler didn't correct the whole lotta love glitch man I am saddened by this show now
lol yeah bro already
At the ole sonic in the ville.
just had an on-camera acting workshop with Fawnda McMahan... she rocks!
Happy Fat Tuesday! We are celebrating with Extraordinary Beignets!
kaitlyn stole curling irons and straighteners cause she's grimy and poor
One should be born either a king or a fool. - German Proverb
Another great morning here on the Big Island of Hawaii enjoying a cup of enriched coffee!!
I swear is the most adorable little kid i have ever seen in my entire life! I love that boy! Ahh hes so cute! matty baby!<3
I feel like that could be an actual email about an actual band that could exist in reality.
YAY! Thanks and I'll send you my details.
Yeah, women couldn't vote then. Womens been thinking too much!
LOL! RT : It's true. Human contact is so over-rated.
do you get your hair cut every week? because you always put photos up of your new hair cuts :) Got to love ya ;)
My little guy is the best thing in this world. Happy Birthday DYLAN!!!.
They don't put that on until you get there lol.
lol dude I start school in June let's get a class together
dude, i have no idea - it's so obvious!!! ha
Dying that I didn't see & this weekend ah we're there next time!!
Another balk by Bard! What is going on?
company holiday party. I'm stuck. Don't know where to look.
#justoneofthosedayswhen youre on time and ready, get to the metro & realize you forgot your umbrella as the clouds move in...
Omari your the best!
FYI- not calorie free! :-)
Going to hell
we were fortunate to have a lot of preorders at the PGA show. Working as fast as we can, but keeping quality high=time.
for sure! I'll be home May 20th!!! We MUST meet up once I'm back!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY (:
I love Ala Moana too! Haha. I went to Oahu last month for band tournament! :)
Formerly known as BlueMonster Apparel.
Hillcrest Pets in need Food Drive all January at Uptown Pets Boutique, please stop by or call, and find out how you can help..
With new EZ Chug punch-top technology, all you need to punch a hole in the top of your Miller Lite can is a sharp metal implement!
Hey SuperBetter! We'd love to meet up at SXSW and talk about health, wellness, and happiness! We <3 you guys!
my girlfriend gifts, a lot of puppies, a bunch of marshmellows, lots of cigarettes, 8 xrays, a parchege in a pear tree
I'll tell you more on Friday! Time to get back to work :(
Yayyy got asked to do promos for the month of february <3 #chasing after my dreams ;*)
Wave 3 point goal scored by Josh Rife, unassisted. The Wave lead the Blast 14-2 with 2 minutes left.
Cuz I only talk to people if all of their tweets are in english.
RT : So impressed with your slide today for #momovation. Planning tweets!
Back that ass up.
Who should be published? Is it vanity to print what's on your mind? If your idea isn't a money-maker, should it be uttered?
pretty psyched that my mail today included the new albums from Lisa Marie Presley and M. Ward.
Hi Lee, I'm looking into HD video cameras - any recommendations?
"Please email a fully filled out application to: .." copy&paste ALL the text below that.
These heads are going to be beautiful.
Uh no, goodbye.
Waiting on Brian Hood to message us back. So ready to finish this Ep
This will be one #Denver #Colorado #event that will ignite the #soul! More information coming up tomorrow!
In Amsterdam, Wednesday is the new Friday. Monday is the new Wednesday. And old Monday doesn't exist anymore."
You know your neighborhood's ghetto when you have to squeeze through a hole in the fence to get into the playground.
His name is Austin Mahone. Remember it because you'll be screaming it later <3
seriously I'll come up with an idea or two. I'll bet your properties are beautifully decorated ;)
Love that you love the chins so much! I miss them! Chester will forgive you :-) still working on spay/neuter and will let u know
On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium.
what does this mean for Zab, especially after he pulled out of a Marquez fight due to the money not being right?
Keep doing ya thang!
Beautiful moon out this morning
Talked to a mom, she got #GirlsNightLIVE tickets for her Daughter for Valentine's Day! Great way to show a friend or family U love them!!
Oh, and the Kentucky game is no fun to watch.
I saw and had such high hopes it was a spoof account.
yo bro this vidd and song is too dopee.!!!!
Do you follow ? Get tips for talking to your kids about money, 140 characters at a time. (via )
Yellow cake with chocolate icing, I hope.
#MyPastRelationships made realize what NOT to look for in a boyfriend.
there isn't a good way to phrase this, so I'll just say it: I want to touch your cats.
somebody that I used to know - gotye
yea I know
just got ticked tf off
Penn Station on a Saturday night feels a little post-apocalyptic.
If you think that money is enough to provoke my love then you must never have truly learned the meaning of the word- Kiera Condon
6 minute commute today? that's what's up.
#ILove nights without any homework.
I'm glad Obama came out of the closet with his support for gay marriage, but I still think people should be rioting in NC.
Writing the most flexible rules possible for directing traffic on the new company's website. They use an ad-hock heirarchy of pages and cats
My workplace had a meeting to better prepare us for another meeting later in the day. =)
i spent $15 on itunes in under 2 minutes oops.
4/21 is National Drug Test Day.....beware smokers
thanks for sharing
yayayay ice cream #fromcoldstoneofcourse and movies at my house?
Its cold outside!
feverishly taking notes to share back. much jammed in I am working to make connections b/n info.
How easy is it for wind gusts to talk to each other?-It is a breeze
#USAID partners with business not just for $ to expand programs, but for their long-term interests as employer, investor, supplier, & buyer.
Bro....Is 1PM At The AfterNoon???
#FOLLOW if you older den 14 .
‘Space can be fun, depending on who you are with.' Sergei #Krikalev: (who has spent more time in space than any other human being)
Tyra told me the same thing it relates to #theinfernaldevices it doesn't ruin anything & who do you like better Will or Jem?
Awww (: Sorry I wasn't online love!
We're working on creating some promotions for our members soon. Any ideas? % off for checking in on 4Sq/FB? % off for referrals? Other?
I feel so blue...
What is your favorite #Superbowl #commercial of all time?
ohh gosh jp maybe i will :)
At ChallengePost, we work with free software but our trash bags are proprietary
good night
I always wanted to go to London.
Throwing down tonight @ Family House Sports Bar in Bradley. See ya there.....Start at 10!
hey All! we had to sign up for TrueTwit--pain-in-azz--but spammers have infiltrated! will remove app when done w/spammer-scanner--thanks
Nice to meet you too! Thanks for the kind words!
Home Alone what should i do?uhhmm.
Hitting up late night! Cheers!
how can you like someone you've never talked to?.... ;)
Thanks for spreading the word!
To everyone who has received this message from me:Someone said this real bad thing about you in a blog please don't pay any attention to it
Life changes yet again. Gotta stop losing my cool
hey how are you? Im doing alot better, Myung Wol Spy is endearing and funny at the same time.
Apparently I don't "own the road." But I do pay my taxes.
i hate when niggas want 2 go 2 the same college as u u dont like and they be on dick morgan howard and bcu and csu get off dicks get a life
If I was at the game, sure, I can understand. Dumb to broadcast it on national TV, though. Annoying. Not everyone adores kids
I don't understand card catalog nostalgia.
Hm, how do I tell a fake black widow spider from a real one? Is it something about the web?
Thanks Christine, you rock! xo, ~Christiane
sweet ~ and yes
I wish my office didn't know when my birthday was..."Live it up while you can"... Yea, um...thanks.
84% of Americans believe a woman’s appearance affects whether she's asked to represent her company at outside meetings
Don't ever judge a book... The next chapter could be you.
#imagine you and Louis are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
Thanks for the love, my man. RT Everyone should read OotC.
attending ACRL Visualizing Data
Let's try this again... Wang? Character? Did you just start following hockey on Long Island? I can go all day Mike...
sorry about that. My twitter has been acting up. How you doing man?
Latitude 41 is a great mobile office for brainstorming event initiatives!
37th floor room... Fear of heights be dammed.
Why does everything always have to be a thing?
What are you even talking about.
yeah....i 've been asking people their opinions and what they think and i knew i had to ask u
great meeting you too! I'll be here for the whole thing, so perhaps I'll bump into you again!
Remember that life is not simply a matter of living in your PASSION...it is first about being thankful for living...
We're almost at 100 fans on Facebook! Go search The Silver Dynamic and "Like" us! (you know you want to...)
Dwight Howard and The Brooklyn Nets!!
thanks for being here. Great job!
It's a desert out here with all this dry humor.
Oh, sexy. on the next Fresh Air.
what? Was there really a pie in there? Where do I find this treat?
Nothing says "Twitter spam" like the words "I'm real" in your profile. (Hint: real people take that for granted)
hum...maybe I still will!!
The most interesting and cutest guy I know is Noah ( ). He's great!
you too! Thanks for your awesomeness!
Thanks! I appreciate it.
my hair grows more & more everyminute!!!! :D Plus i just fixed the power at my grandparents house! :D today is awsume! lol
SHOUTOUT TO :D
Watching Alanis and Katy Perry at secret show in LA... Filming for Katy's movie. Damn.
I thought Lil Kim was dead...
Welcome to new #Jaguars fan !
Can't wait for the
Jesus is kicked back, totally relaxed & worry free (Col 3:1). That's the same peace He gave to YOU (Jn 14:27). RECEIVE IT!
man havent been on in a while
The celebs that Twitter killed - Beaumont Enterprise
today is #ALLSAINTSDAY. why come halloween gets all the attention and All Saints Day hardly a mention? positive momentum has taken a fall.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT about AnaJet's commitment to our customers coming soon! Stay tuned!
Painted my nails last night and they are already chipping. Drat!
good luck!
Thanks!!! i have a few other Gears Of War Wallpapers i made for the contest if you'd like to see them.....
What do you need help with?
Watching the America's Cup finals from the Midway today. Should be chilly but exciting!
Hi Sarah! Thank you for your kind note. Our #PTSD outreach for for families and children starts today too. Want to help?
Just warm enough to let baby girl trick-or-treat. HELLA cold by Bay standards. What's good back home?
RT : iQ releases frictionless sharing: Instantly notifies user network about actions (reading, watching, listening, etc.)
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » Home Improvement Tips That Are ...
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Listening to Christmas carols while having an ice cold shower now that's what you call a winter wonder land :)
you still got the Spurs
Off to Palm Beach Gardens <3 :-*
Thanks for the RTs today!
not say so. I'll do so if I must
Colton don't mess up Earth Wind and Fire!
why are you nervous??
It's sad, but it's true, how society says her life is already over.
I'm grateful that the only clear channel on my tv is the FX channel which continuously plays all my favorite X-Men movies
Maybe they should be the first series to opt of using goalies?
Missing my baby girl :/
May you dream about cats and good travels, friends!
Can't wait for class on Saturday at LouConte in Chicago!!!
I adore people with a sense of humor !!!
AH IT WILL BE JUSTIN
#2 dumped a box of #luckycharms on the floor. The question: to eat the marshmallows or to not eat the marshmallows. tempting.
I left my iPod at home and had to go an entire train ride without audiovisual media. I nearly died.
Boutta start dis whole skate/rap movement wit my lil bro caleb.
“ Loving you was my favorite mistake.”
I'm tired of my creativity being held back by people. When I use my creative ability, its to make something awesome.
#BrianGreene brings us the question of the multiuniverse and rocks the opening of
The last three december's Tony Romo is 68% completition 12 TD's to 1 Int. Career 46-28 as a starter. Never had a great defense. Stop hating
#ThosePeople that just creep
Prep swimming: David thriving on small Branson girls team
Saints are on fire!!! Lots of weapons on that team, sproles, grahme, thomas.....balanced and aggressive
Happy Sunday! : )
ohh yess, just wait when I get my license you'll be the firs to get picked up
Put this game in the SMITHsonian as the greatest win in Coyotes history!!!!
Good Morning.
Great job mommy for finishing in 2 hours an 19 minutes on your first half marathon! Now I need to sleep #proud& tired
he been acting real tough & talking crazy lately, im not feeling that. he gone get smacked !
haha your password was gummy 2011! your gay!!!!!
I care more about just your boobs and puffy lips, chris.
I'm the biggest batman fanboy... :)
My back is peeling.. Right in time for prom.. Strapless dress.. YUP 👍
No! More Doors!
bb cream is basically an all-in-one tinted moisturizer, primer, & SPF! Really popular in Korea/Japan but now available here!
i am aii
You better be ok, Brownie.
''Did you sleep okay?'' ''Yeah, a full 40 minutes. And i had time to make that rocking horse''
RT RIP Steve Jobs. His impact on the computer industry cannot be overstated. www.apple.com/stevejobs
I cant believe I've gotta miss part of the laker game.. oh well #volleyballproblems #LIFE #LakerNation 💘
Only thing I hate when people say hella in this tense " I'm hella unfollowing some people " Nigga y u no make sense ?
#AskArm the first Bieber related trending topic for 2012 <3
Drynk is actually pretty awesome! Best night!!
A hoagie from Wawa would be unbelievably great right now. & a blueberry muffin!
You sent me one like 3 mth ago.
glad u like the $2 PBR at
I pronounce One Direction One Dye-rection and everyone tells me its One Der-ection and im just her like WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE
Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Local sperm bank. You jack it we pack it. How may I help you?"
#MerryChristmas to all you! Have a wonderful day with your loved ones. =)
I wish I was with right now <3 :c
: museums fill edu gap in teaching critical thinking & citizenship: we r the antidote to fill-the-bubble testing
Ready for July 4th with the best friend at the beach! 😊☀🏊
The Emergence of Greg Little, if the #Browns can get a legit #1, Little could be a really great
I stand by my mike+the mechanics statement.
Sing it. don't yell it. Joey Ramone will haunt y'all.
I love medal of honor for my psp
We expected that response. That's what the #bait was for. ;-) RT : And : Everyone THINKS they're a journalist.
The red rooster apollo martini.. Divine! Eggfoam gin Ginger and sage. Yummy on a cold bitter night
James hared having that moment
Right now I'm trying to make a script "funnier," but realizing that there's nothing really "funny" about it. Honesty is comic, I suppose.
if not they're all at Dolores park.
Cool. Sounds like a ton of work! So when are you due back home?
RT : One week from I'm looking forward to sharing the floor with some awesome speakers
Mikes Diner in BackBay #Boston you win the award for Homefries! Taste like gravy. I will not be back.
everybody dies! ;) haha I'm only like 1/4 of the way through but it's really good so far :)
"I heard you and your loud swallow." Oh how I love and
Looking forward to networking with Business Life Ministry this morning!
How are you darling?? RT : Hey Girly...
Hope we close early tonite.. don't feel like being here
Sarcastic people >
im still hungry though
damn straight i will bro, diamonds on your disco stick, for the fookin win!
go see the invisible hand!
Gotta love them chicken strips and chocolate chip cookies
Cosign! It helped during my drive home RT : post-game argument was more fun than in-game tweeting.
hi josh!:)
There are two rules for success. #1. Never tell everything you know.
Did Fox miss some of the #RedSox game or did I black out for a second?
aw this song.<3
God, I can't take this job much longer
thanks for the follow!
Gold Ru$h!!! California Real Estate is Booming ! Buy cheep sell high !
Messing up your nail polish within 5 minutes of painting your nails <<<
I know right? Craziness!
“: Braces are off(:” HOLY ASDFGHJKL;
Holy crap! In 24 hours, I'll be in Grand Rapids visiting bff & meeting his new baby! (And drinking Michigan beer too, of course)
same post! Finding the hidden agenda is part of winning the pitch.
I love that scene! Rafael beats the shit outta that twink!
Beats Solo by Dr. Dre On-Ear Headphones with ControlTalk (Black)
What a glorious day
Git on down to the Cow and kick off your Halloween Weekend in Classic Cow Style!!! Giddy Up
Someone go get your nails done with me Saturday morning at 10:30
LeBlanc family reunion in Fresno California comming up, hope to see you there.....
You guys did way better than AMAZING week ♥ Voting my heart out tonight.
Getting academics out of comfort zone=very difficult RT how do we get out of our comfort zone and try new tools...
John Montagu, 250 years ago you ordered beef served between slices of bread. Thank you for inventing the sandwich.
apparently I need to buy soil for our vegetable garden? But it can't be the same soil we bought for flowers? And what to plant?
Congrats & - you will both be seeing TONIGHT! Your names will be on the SIM list!
nope. The J's are interchangable. P2 needs to snag the crown
File under reasons President Obama is great: now publically supports gay marriage equality.
"I CAN" LeXXah Drew SINGLE, C. Little track & JUMP-START FAME (Female Athletes Motivating Each other) Theme Song...AVAILABLE on iTUNES!!!
I heart Tim Gunn! Come to BES!
preparing my stomach for toledo = fried foods as veggies, bud lite as beer, and sunlight as what is this shit?
Austin's back!
thanks for the tweet earlier. I am craving the potato salad right now. Secret ingredient-hot dogs or cilantro?
"Woo woo"? Now you're singing Rolling Stones songs - and that's a good thing! (:>)
What a weekend. VT Hokies won, and the Homestead Races, now getting ready for our booth in the mall this weekend. Have a great day everyone.
Saddened to hear Steve Jobs has passed away :-(
I'm afraid Cincinnati won't enjoy any of the Dr Jonny Fever jokes I prepared. Might have to keep them in my heart.
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you.(: you are so pretty *o*
Ahahahaha!! Keep up the good work! RT : Good news: Took out a zombie sneaking up on me. Bad news: I need a change of shorts
You're cool. Stay cool this summer. Next year will be AWESOME!
Thanks for joining us today! Bring with you soon!
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho are jealous and envious!!! Smh
Onstage surprise! Nice to see you, friend! Come find me later?
he's so beautiful <3
Thanks for sharing our publication with your followers! :)
sharpen your teeth and bite as hard as you want<3
Today was a pretty good day!
:: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!
I can't deal.
The whiskey cakes are soo good! RT : UM alcohol infused cupcakes YEA imma need those
Thought you couldn't love betty white more than you already do? I present:
Bad thing? Could things get worse for Knicks? : Would return of Lin be good or bad thing?
Ok that story about Murph just made me cry !!!! I'm so happy for him... What a good, aware, momma's boy, ball player we have in our MURPH
Chalmers Johnson wrote about the costs of empire bankrupting the nation with 600 or more military bases around the world.
how is she getting that home? It looks awesome tho!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 34
every one on my TL bandwagon passengers
Obama is a terrorist. The NYPD are terrorists. The Department of Homeland Security, FBI, TSA, CIA, they're all terrorists! FUCK THE NWO!
Writing an intern guide re: how & where to mark accession #s on objects. Just wrote whole paragraph about pencils.
hush?? isn't that who u work for or something
2 hour delay!! :D
u r did u ever tell him u luvd him
Re: conference wireless & tweets: Andrew Miller & the IT committee say you're more than welcome. Better late than never
anytime erin😉👌
i'm about to see!!
you guys are lame... hahahah
I am looking at two #Articulate Engage interactions that I created through Citrix on an iPad. Too cool!
and we'd be very bored without you all!
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -William Arthur Ward
Uhg commercial at the BEST part .. #of course
girl took that pic of me and connor kissin lolol
We are C level professionals available for interim CEO and CFO positions and turnaround management services in the healthcare industry.
how'd you know that tweet was about you?!
If you're in #DC this wknd, come visit our booth at #Scifest! See the host of , & Bill Nye !
just incoming text messages that have been sent in chinese not all of them. Thank you!
I did a while back, I haven't scrobbled anything in a couple of years though.
through the wickets...
#Zimmerman should be locked up! Or at least a bigger bony. 150,000 is nothing compared to what he did!
oh,and bing maps are awesome. they even plug in the traffic reports and tell you the conditions for your travel
lol took me an hour to remeber my user name smh my head
my brothers college graduation
agree spread the love thanks!
Poor girl!
Q8 But I'm trying to finish my ARC backlog so I can give them to
Nathan Fillion and Adam Baldwin&#39;s Reunion on &#39;Castle&#39; Recalls Great &#39;Firefly&#39; Moments (Video)
Me too! I didn't really mess with him before DC2 tho...
Happy birthday to tahtherreah & vernon, I love u; happy b-day to all the leo's on twitter...........
Did my mum call you?. Ohmygod.
you're killing me. Best bring a case home with you. Stat.
they go win the series against the pacers n win it all
Go To My Page Check Out The Beats Download/Listen/Lease & Leave Comments SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
will u fallow me
Thx! Trying to work on my twitter skills. Now...getting ready to enjoy day two of no kids no hubby no work! :)
If some one has a problem with me say it to my face I'll legit respect you way more
Ergg my hands r soo chaped i hate cold weather so much...but at least theres no heat to make my hair frizz up :p
this is true... But Bjs and the artisan are slightly different vibes... ;-)
Who's excited for it's less then a month away :)
nutella, jam, ham, cheese...it all goes on the baguette. just not at the same time!
going to STK. come out. cc :
We know you're good for it!
RT One of the nicest thing about #Aquarians is that they don't judge you.
Thanks to OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Always happy to be your designated driver, making sure you live to party another day!
god i know. sometimes i look at her bibliography and tremble in my inferiority.
Friday traffic in LA.
happy birthday taylor!
aw!!! Thanks Jonathan!!! :-D #GospelRocks!!! Haha
RT : A3. Unless its intolerable, stick w/any job for at least a year. It may suck, but < 1 year looks bad to employers.
what can i say. i love the environment
:)But, it is a little ridiculous for April.. Im terrified about how hot it'll be this summer when we are usually in the 90s.
wife and i were thinking about going on sunday. Was that one of your possibilities?
Weekend-- I welcome you with a smile! Heading to then pumpkin patch with my nephew, Gray. A wonderful weekend is in our midst!
Good moring. Dropping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
I can't wait 
haven't figured out who is more annoying. kelly rippa or rachel ray?
My night got 1000x Better<3:D
Welp looks like my plans are busted for tonight
Hey you, top o de' mornin' to ya. What's the plans for today?
My New England Boiled Dinner is simmering on the stove… Smells heavenly :-)
Fact: Bachelorette parties are trouble.
So Right it's official now that "Girls" is the best & funniest show on tv. And that Lena Dunham is a total freaking star...
I swear my family needs their own reality TV show.
hey it's , i just posted our pic from Grammy event!
Wow, Vinny got fat as fuck. That's a good 70 lbs of fat gain right there. AT LEAST.
Hahhahaha! Love it
Nice seeing you last night brotha!
Glad you liked it! “: My brother and I liked this one!”
Another Thursday done, ready for Friday!
Aww Yea! RT : Hometown Mario Miranda walks out with Shawn Kemp Sonics jersey for weigh in!
Officials also wrote and thought about what WWE WrestleMania XXXI and WWE WrestleMania XXXII, but where they take place - yet hidden.
I know! I'm trying to go back to sleep!
can't believe my last formal is here already.
Pole dancing class!! :-)
": nobody mess with & her ranch. #SheWillGoHam :x hahaha" its legit the only thing in my life that i enjoy!
I could really use a good fuck today
Thanks for working with #LivingSocial to lighten my grocery bill this week! Wish I could have bought multiples!
Virginia leads two runners stranded in the top half of the 4th, trail Terps 1-0.
Artists-Registration open until 5pm tomorrow.www.ghartwalk.com
I'm here to try some of your work!
I gotta semi-automatic that spits next time that you talk
follow me and you'll get 3 wishes.
Enjoying the weather today
Because the players were worse. Remember Hawpe, Cantu, Patterson and Johnson? And who can forget Alberto Gonzales?
oh wow that's really interesting ... and leave you thinking..
I can't wait to hang out with you this weekend, before completely ditching you for a random hookup
damn those 140 characters. Moral of the story - the Canon 35 is my dream lens.
they pretty as shit
#ThisSummerImTryna have the best summer ever.
congrats on Formspring tear, u guys r an inspiration!
Absolutely. Cal does a great job. Just feels like media is portraying it as only place to go if you want to get to the NBA.
Yeah You Want Me To Do Yours
The #brewers have gotten many more severe under than over performs from players @ this point and they're *only* 16-22.
They would never trade Wright, I hope, I would cry
RT : Celebrate bilingual reading & Latin American culture w/ Medina @ Meadowdale Library, Sat. 10am
Now following Howdy!!!! ;p
I can't wait to see you in concert in June! Up all night, Niall!
I hate these situations 😁
Any SLIS cat lovers out there? Help out a professor! Dr. Applegate needs a cat sitter Oct. 15-19. Email her for details: .
.....having said that, please no one jump me
To make friends because I'm okay I'm bored from morning conectadoo and not to do.
nice profile sweetie
The #LoveETC show was a success! A huge thanks to the and all the brides that came by!
i think your paleness is adorable actually. But just incase, please use sunscreen :)
That must be a good show. Is the audience 30 cats?
That's pretty awesome :D!
Wanted to sign the Suze’s Truth Pledge. but only Americans can sign the pledge :(
RT : RT : RT : Congrats to Coach Fisher and San Diego State on an amazing season.
can you play Call Me Maybe pleassee? :)
Give cultural data 'Roots and Wings.' Make it good, let ig go
Bring the family by today for our special Kiddie Happy Hour! Specials from 11am-1pm
Great hire. Congrats Les! RT : #rams have hired les snead as new gm, a source tells
Thanks Ilja! I appreciate that very much.
Get your free market snapshot at www.atlanta-home-sales.net!!!
Will fill you in on the fun details next week! ": great meeting! Have fun tonight and have a great weekend!"
“: for sure! I wanna play basement corn hole lol” Sounds freaky.
RT : Want to win #Cubs tickets??? Follow us on here and "Like us on #Facebook to find out how!
That moment yu forget the toast is in the oven #burnt lmao
PRAYING with you sweet friend!
?OTD - What does living the dream mean to you?
I'm still looking for something....not sure but hopefully ill find it!!!
you beat mine ? Ibeat yours lol :)
Thanks to , the speakers and volunteers for making #wcmia an awesome event. and I had a blast!
ten four!
Good connecting with you on Linkedin - look forward to your tweets :)
Yo are you ready for your semifinal matchup? Good luck. Rooting for you to win it all.
but I'm scared :c
I did. And for that I apologize.
Hide under the covers.
I would love me a pair
It's cool to wake up with songs in your head and they are all by your friends! lol Yall songs in my head!
Im just grinding thank you for all you support family
BIRDS THE WORD.
digging the #newtwitter easy to get around to what i want and see what i need to see, lets see if thats how we feel in the days to come
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! ! And ALL THE WAY!
One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continuing personal and professional growth.
Thanks a lot Obama, I look super good today so there's now a 99% chance I'll get made out with by happy lesbians
they totally have a gingerbread man instead of Plumpy now. Stupid politically correct board game companies
NU QUOTES! > "Do Or Do Not. There Is No Try." - Yoda - Ron A. Spaulding, Pres. UMG 's #1 Fontana Distribution >
A dunk or a one legged fade away?
Why is it so bad so smoke weed?
Giants need a sack!
Difficult to believe: Northern CA saw snow, hail & rain over the wkend. postponed 'til today; riding near on Tues!
PANEL INFO: Social Business Success by DoubleTree by Hilton #SocaiBIz SIS-102 M: P:
It is being over used. I still like it because it forces me to utilize "le mot correct". It's good practice for larger pieces.
tea leaves are talking again and its not pritty...well they are being very fair...O this and O that its BIG O ALL THE TIME..................
I'm on the no eating diet until Xmas so I'll just be drinking tonight...but sushi sounds delish!
Margie Bryant, AVP Auxiliary Services, talks about food trucks -- test run with has been successful!
Happy Valentines day!
And fat albert rt : Watching The Voice and thinking ceelo looks like a mixture of mini me and Mr T.
your kind of perfect
I did plenty of fish, it's where I met my now fiancé
Over this gay ass weather, definitely ready for summer. #HurryUp !
Its a date:) RT : im thinking chocolate and an episode of revenge will make a perfect bff night
They way believers rationalize...cracks me up.
RT : After school naps >>
- I knew it! You really can buy ANYTHING on Amazon. Plus, no state sales tax!
Shout out to some of my fave kid-friendly tweeps
please tweet or follow for her birthday on the 27th!
It's cold af!
A bat was just in my house! #MostScariestThingInMyWholeLife!!!!
Gearing up for the storms ... and a night of no sleep. #cheers?
I Failed!
Richard J. Ryan, mechanic, model train hobbyist
yeah! will it help my foot or ankle?
“: I need a home cooked meal...”<--- Need to go to Lorain... my moms can cook!! lol
Headed to downtown LA, near and around the Staples Center to hydrate XGames crowd! Once we get close we will give you an exact location!
Remember, give $5 change back in singles, $10 as a five and five singles. I'm pretty sure that's on the bar. Good luck.
haha april fools :p
and that's not me
hahah you. are. funny. really you are.
RT : #ILTA Career Center launched! Twitter account to follow: Please RT as resource to those looking for jobs.
Did you get hacked???
omg we better dance a lot!! Haha I want us to dance all Mexican and stuff hahaha
Many thanks for throwing BENT ROAD into the mix when suggesting a book worth reading! Much appreciated.
ICONic BOYZ ARE BACK BABY
I bashed team for trade but honestly so far I was wrong..hammel a hell of a pitcher
idk isn't there a dance store somewhere?
Fit in the City - Manhattan Times
just saw your latest commercial, "the environment wins"? When has the environment "won" with CHK? My God, it's full GOP script
Going to a rather nasty dental procedure, really curious about the effects of nitrous oxide (laughing gas) since I've never had it before
Can Someone Please Explain To ,Me How Youu Use Tumblr ?
Two-fer-Tuesday - Uploading now...
Here too! Breaking into every channel with Breaking News. An Amazing & Historic Day!
So NOT funny RT : ..suspicious package was a grenade-like novelty item mounted on a plaque with a sign: "Complaint Dept. Pull Pin."
5:15pm at Startup Showcase - Hoping it's like American Idol for Startups! Wonder who's gonna be the 'Simon' there!?
that's cool, you're a good drawer.
Potato chips and Cab. No bueno. That's a technical wine term right there, friends.
That red carpet is smokin'
Manatee Mystery: Why Can't They Avoid Speedboats? The sea cows have good hearing but may be less aware of sounds when they're sleeping.
RT : LAST DAY to enter to win $500 Plum District dollars! 2 enter, follow + + retweet
Just saw the most beautiful rainbow near the casino. Don't even want to look for a pot of gold- have everything I ever wanted!!
I don't even know why I try he doesn't even care :/
No! You said sad lemur!
In Romney campaign update, stays on message: energy, the economy, and Ann's Mother's Day op-ed. No mention of gay marriage
I have an autographed ball by Killebrew :(
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay gosh I'm tired of UK winning championships.
If you like it so far, you're in for a real treat
ughh so jealous its was prob beautiful!
You read my mind!
lol ill call you every day after school
Bad Choice
watch the Community version of Law and Order, so great!
Seane Corn: the web is great for reaching out, connecting, diversity. Pushing tech boundaries for positive change is key!
I know I'm not perfect. I can't pretend to be, but before you point your finger make sure your hands are clean (:
What the what!
This will produce American jobs. A law To do business in America you must use American operators to handle customer complaints!
How are you making THIS Monday better than last Monday? 2012: New Year, New YOU!
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a $10 donation to the #japan eq &
“: u girls still out?” out like a light at this point.
Again Walter tweeted king of finance
Love to our new followers! Many Thanks!
I would eat you, deep fried!
Yay! You're follow us...wait...you weren't following us before? We need to talk. #GladtoHaveYou :-)
oh thank you! I will start there. I'm a super, uber baking newbie.
Oovoo date with daniel and Issac <3 haven't had one in forever haha
News tip on investment in best-of-world online video with names you know. Coming via email a week in advance
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 39
Secret Service? No secret now they were getting serviced.
Really looking forward to here à Paris! Haven't decided where to head first... Anyone have any "must see" for tonight?
you will have to come see it soon.
An entrepreneurial skill set is not only empowering to individuals, but also helps foster participation in the community
Best audience comment during Paranormal Activity 3 - "Finish him!" Followed by "Flawless Victory."
SALE: Purchase your at the door with the code *TheaterWithHeart* get $5 off!
Wat we on tonight?
quit lying to yourself boyy
tell them I love them all!!(:<33
story time? Please, entertain me.
i have no problem with that at all. lmfao :D
Bought the app. Looking forward to your other games. Cheers.
I wish I had one. Although does it count that I pictured them as bowling pins and using the stroller to knock them down?
keep it trilla
Goodnight y'all 💗
Nineteen Forty-Eight
Lovin your skills sir.
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much<3
#R tip: browseVignettes(), which does exactly what you'd think, is key.
Oh the stress ... Big news coming ... 😓
thank u so much again for doing that! You are amazing and nice seeing u again <33333333333333333
Getting to know someone is the best part; the laughs, questions & smiles. Till you know them & hate the arguments, fights & aggression.
Autumns gonna be a future hair stylest. Js. She colored mine and her hair and it's looks amazing. #thankssister. (:
Hey , we see that you moved! No excuse for not getting in your entries to this year's Miami #addyawards. Hope to see you there.
u should really follow hes so talented just like you #justinfollowaustin :D
I think twitter is retarded!!
you have so simplified my life.
Teacher Training The primary reason for implementing teacher training is so that teachers are well equipped and knowledgeabl
ya! Lol I miss you :(
more interested in protecting real ecosystems from finance.
call me
Making tons of stuff for with some friends (:
Wishing I had more blue cornmeal cornbread from Miguel's Southern Kitchen but alas the lunch leftovers were devoured by 4pm.
you welcome :D
We can always tell how busy I am by the state of my inbox. lol
I'm going to grab some hot chocolate from the store. The studio is as cold as a morgue and just as dead emotionally.
Last chance to win tickets 920pm.Hear their new single 2nite on #X EFFECT. Tune in now
Not saying ur wrong, but only 7 players on roster have even spent more than 1yr with him. I think more indictment of players.
So excited for concert June 2nd. Not to be missed!
The apartment looks a bit better, still have to do the laundry haha. Just gonna wait to do that until gets home :3
i tried to put a video tribute on youtube but im a failure and it didnt work sorry ):
RT : Politico Poll: Obama has 52% job approval, 72% personal approval and 59% who probably vote for him again in 2012...
If you want to win, play with Kobe... If you want to have fun, play with Lebron
Stupid conversations make sense when u are talking to someone special
You take a picture of that but not of you dressed up looking fancy? :/
I am a #Packers fan but can't argue that the #Bears r crazy 4 not signing you 2 a HUGE deal! Keep being the good guy!
Have you sent in your submission? The deadline is approaching and you might be just what our festival needs! CHECK IT OUT!
Thank you. How are you this fine afternoon?
and um did u rlly say "gym"?? Been there done that... Remember!?? Lol
"Lullaby" - The Cure
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -
I feel bad for all the Redskins fans out there
there is a clothing store in Boston that has a huge window display like that.Their clothes are crap.The sewing machines are cool
(1/2) We r staying in a very nasty motel. We r staying long enough 2 get a car and the ability 2 say all moving costs and fines 2 get us ...
just bought drumsticks and was wondering what i would make with them! thanks!!
No need for debate. Wondering if Backpage profits from minors sold for sex? Spend ten minutes looking @ their "adult ads." Tragic.
Slowing down to appreciate the little things and the doing-absolutely-nothing time with the one you love.
Alyssa Snedaker is going to get her ass handed to her ;)
next stream #smilecon 4pm EST (which is 3pm Dallas Texas time)
Other surprise appearances in Egan's talk : Dark Shadows, Elvis Costello, David Bowie, and the value of art.
All these pics of girls wit they lips poked out wow and some of them look silly
CyFair College Branch Library will be closed Today. Will reopen for regular hours on Monday.
thanks for the mention!
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. -Albert Einstein
:: Radar lit up like a gaudy neighbor's house on Christmas Eve. is watching the sky... Live at 3 in 30 min on
Wow....Cliff Lee's BACK!!!! Gonna be a good season for sure!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!!
lmfaoo ew thts so gross !! Btw did u listen to the message ? Is it Gunner(in a southern accent)?(: lmfao
Q1 If I have a #smallbiz idea, how do I get started?
Monica Teresa Ortiz, writer, UT alum, English Literature '03
Trickin 'n' treating.
#GoodnightTwitter gonna try and go to sleep
many thanks for the
Dinner out tonight with a few musician friends. Gong Hei Fat Choi!
Hello and welcome to our New Followers !!!
I'm not saying all laws are pure. I am just saying from a theoretical standpoint, lawbreaking = unethical. Possible paradox?
Sounds about right (but I love edgy)! RT : Polished, clean, and crisp, yet not edgy!
one of the best games I've ever seen. sorry the season ended. stay hungry
When #Painters get old, are they put out to #pastel?
you're prob right, our futures would go downhill from that point on lol! I'm going to London this summer though! I wanna see them..
“: Ty Lawson is just killing it tonight!” yes he is
Happy day to you and the crew. *hug*
How inspiring-a sea of white, male faces behind #MittRomney. Feels so good to see that as an American woman in 2012.
And CENTRAL time zone. I mean, if your bunny ears are messing with your memory, for crying out loud, just take them off.
Had the chance to record some videos. Can't wait to get them out there for everyone to see!
"It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so." - Mark Twain
Im out y'all shoutout to
loving my kids. they make me laugh so hard.♥
would you say it was more "human centipede" or more "men in black 3" ...?
Happy Mothers Day to all the awesome mom's out there!
just saw office space for rent with your name on it.
Rang in the new years with scientists. Explained that what I do also heals. Happy 2012!
Okay later today I will drop the details about my SXSW gigs. Stay tuned.
Not going to stl this weekend instead I'm going to Chicago :)
mostly live.
Lai is wore out though been coachin her to crawl !! #Mommy&DaddyDuties ;)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Trail Blazer Barbecue Sauce 5 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by ButterknifeRevolution "A spicy barbecue sauce with the zi
your in perfect shape which is why you'll win! Represent!!
shaved all my hair off today. I'm bald. Not kidding. Feels nice.
Thanks for the RTs, guys! Hope you all have a great day.
thank u:)
--Love you girl. You are the real deal. Thanx for the luv and support.
Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority. - Vince Lombardi
Can NOT wait until next week's
Sorry :( I guess our phone system is havinga case of the #Monday's
It's so hard to just eat one Reese's peanut butter cup while the rest are just staring you down from an arms length.
Yup! I have a picture up! Black shirt, gray jeans, grass background lol
: looking forward to your tweets! Pink hugs, Lisa.
Nice commencement photo, Dave! Thanks for posting. Glad you made it out to celebrate with us.
now following... looking forward to the info Hal
Walton needs 2 speed up& play their GAME!!!
never ask for what you want, you'll be put on hold LOL
I think and Lamar are so cute.
Word. Good look. I smell a winner.
I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
Such a fun video of you!
Anyone have the current weather for Kailua?? Is it actually cloudy or do we have a chance for a beach day??
Good manners and behavior, politeness, the use of good language are all part of the curriculum of primary, grade and high schools. [1944]
On good writing days, reflect on what went well. Consider jotting a few things down, even. It may serve as a great pick-me-up for down days.
Everyday on twitter I see pics of girls in public completely naked when I realize these girls were all at alumni weekend at UMASS
I think of Jukie as more like Lester Rowntree: She once told a search party she wasn't lost & wouldn't be found.
Most people assume or lead themselves to believe that everyone thinks like they think. It makes them feel better about themselves.
I want flowers
I am definitely inspired by your post. I mentally give thanks each night, but need to be more formal. I'm in!!
Compulsive weirdness done for the day! Underwear drawer reorganized by style. Not color. That would be
The type of love you read about in Maxim and Spin...plus I hit ping pong shots with maximum spin
That works for me! Let's touch base Wed and see when/where.
Last call: Deadline for U.S. personal & sole proprietor tax returns & extensions is tomorrow (Tuesday.) File electronically if you can.
Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately
This weather makes me wanna be home 💤
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Ok, so not #landarch but #Rochester s own Abby Wambach is representing right now. Go
I didn't really want this to get out but the truth is, I'm on the edge of glory. The very edge.. kinda falling off.
It is officially spring and there are officially some BICEPS walking around the UWS!
Will do. Thanks, Aaron.
We gonna ride the race cars
Happy Australia Day to all our Aussie friends!!!
Today's Special: BBQ Beef Tacos with slow roasted rib meat, tossed in a bbq and mustard sauce topped with our house slaw. Dig it.
Seems to me like that would actually be a beneficial quality.
Deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Thoughts and prayers are with his wife and two sweet young boys. Great guy gone too soon.
This fool on words with friends sure is talking a lot of shit for someone who's losing my over 100 points!
lol I'd take Chris Evans (captain America) any day of the week, but since I was never an avengers fan I haven't rushed I see it
how can i get to go on a date with me? Who wants to see this!?
Driving past massive nice houses and thinking, I wish.
Portland's airport is cooler / nicer than Austin's airport. there i said it. also true that the weird have all been moving here too.
Im great! added working for herbalife to my crazy schedule but its fun I make $ & keeps me skinny so hey not bad haha come to LA!
My dad is watching the most violent movie right now....
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set! September 22nd & 23rd, 2012!
#caps Joel Ward of the will be in the history books FOREVER w a Game 7 OT game-winning-goal while (small # of) racist #Bruins fans have nada
we'll see about that
#Oomf is a compulsive liar...Lying straight through the texts.
Help me I'm trapped on the dance floor they won't let me out :(
What did you wish you'd known / thought about / done differently the last time you bought a car?
I hadn't seen anything like that since Varsity Blues.
Its A Dirty Freak For All ;)
Torn was on my TV. That's amazing.
RT Pregnant ladies: The Casting Director of "Pregnant In Heels" will be all wknd looking to cast....
hell yeah u da man
Gary Ross won't be directing Catching Fire. Pretty bummed. Also probably means production will be pushed back :(
A book that you are willing to put under your head for a pillow when you lie dying? That's the book to study while you are living.
dude, San Fran? more like 6hrs away from all his sex.
Half day tomorrow , whoooot . :D
I know ;( our boys all grown up
why cant i find any boys who wanna be honest & real from the start?! fuck all the games, just be REAL. idk why it's so hard for some people.
I want that!
has the 4% Brown. M
Morning twitter
Lmfao You got 1 more year..You signed to UNC right??
Cause it was ugly ;p
I want people to go "DANG! Where did SHE come from?! I want her on MY team!"
I love u more
thanks for the updates! Now I know what's going as I feed my baby and get him ready for bed!
I've started doing at least 10 min in the morning - feeling so much better!
the ones here do too
Ah, the non dues revenue part.
I would love a taco today- that sounds so delicious!
#BanzaiLoveYou all day
I'm stoked to see you in SB this summer for SAFF.
A5: Stellar engagement: spending less money for better candidates
i'm a mess.
one side of the page or both?
radio your waves at www.aaron.tv
Back at the airport already to leave. It was a lovely few hours though, nice city :)
Hi Duncan, I'm listening......
never been to balt 4 a ravens game. that would be fun
THE catalina wine mixer
Lou Marson= not good at baseball
Aww you're making me tear up here :( Listen, if you ever want or need to talk, definitely send me a message. I'll be here if you do
that's anus
thank you!!
Aw fun!!!! Haha :p aww I like lots of music so much inspires me. Wbu? X
he apologized for "using those words" and not for the substance of the message which was: women who use BC are sluts.
Chill ass day...Met sum fam i aint no i had..And jux chilled...belive me next year dis time the hole WORLD GONNA NO WHO DANJA IS!!
odd froyo combos :(
Great time with my client #NewGroutNow at the National Restaurant Assoc. Show at McCormick Place, Chicago. The products sell themselves!
good for you!! hope to see you guys live when you come to NY again.
Omg my sisters an I are watching a spanish soap opera called Eva Luna. It's pretty interesting even though I can't understand spanish haha!
thanks...lets see what happens this summer
99% on my project!!!!!!!so happy!I worked on it for a while!so happy!
The radiation from smoking a pack of cigarettes a day compares to almost 2,000 chest x-rays!
not bad B-)
Taking the SD-LA express up to for the quarterly meeting to discuss new Statewide Strategy for reducing transpo ghg
#RnBThrowBacks : Nice & Slow ~ Usher
you bet! send me an email and I can set it up.
yup yup. megha says to send some pics to put as facebook dp's haha..
RT : Little girls are screaming for the princesses at the parade, it's like calm down girls it's not James Franco
Focus on solar. You'll have your hands full.
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
Thank you! Trust all is well in DC work....
woke up way too early today..
Holy crap!
Well Excuse Me I Just Seen The Video !
If you're looking for a predictable guy, I'm your man. That said, it will take about three years for you to get to know me.
Hey, Alexa. Hope you're having a good day.
The 5 Types of Prospects You Meet Online, and How to Sell to Each of Them
Last day for our Angel tree! Help a local Austin child have a great Holiday!!
Twitter wud cut us off RT : I'm speechless.We should have been tweeting her comments all night. I love this woman
Just got off work..... Wow
Literally just ordered about 100 dollars worth of sushi with
not usually!!!
Interested in seeing a demo of #MyLivePD the online coaching service? Then stop by booth #909 at #NSBAConf this weekend!
im sure your used to bein wrong so its whatever lol
congrats on your award for being one of #Philadelphia fastest growing companies & an #m31000 finalist - way to go!!
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it. -Pat Riley
Bruschi was a solid,hard-playing linebacker but an over-opinionated commentator
Im helping you Donnie, "Hold On, Dont give up"
I'm faithfully working out bro I plan to loose at least 10 to 15 while I'm here
My weekend arts marathon continues. Today it's a matinee of "Radio Golf" Tonight it is "Hello Dolly" at
Ok Super Chargers! Let's Do This! I still love You LT, but You are on the other team now!
even dated.
my grandma always told me to LET GO & LET GOD !
Who starts, Torres or Drogs?
thunder outside!? I want some I've cream! should I go or no?
What the fuck, all these cravings....
welcome, Chuck!
Where have I been? New artists
Why cant I live in Texas? I'm jealous of all of you who live in San Antonio & have seen and
Stop in for Happy Hour today 4-8pm! $1 off all, $2 off glasses of wine, & $2 Hangar One - See you there!
Hey guys, I'm new to twitter so follow me please :)
#de-stressing time...laying in my room, lights off, candle lit, Marian Grace playing...thank you
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
That "Nobody Knows Our Business" Type Of Relationship >>>>>”
I hate changes, I wish things could stay the same.
Done... sorry it took so long
we can relabel t-shirt. Under the neck tape contact
Done! Thanks Eric!
Besides the obvious #BlackAndYellow, what colors you guys want to see on our next shirts? Wanna hear from you
I wish I was your favorite girl, I wish you thought I was the reason you are in the world..<3
Grammy's were pretty good, except noone else won except Adele!!!
When I get diarrhea now I refer to it as playing "Game Of Crohns". Makes it more fun.
Oh oh oh oh okay, Lamborghini Mercy, yo chick she so thirsty
I just feel like watching a movie marathon. Instead, I have to study for AP Bio.
Great game bobcats. Biyombo for ROY
was great thanks. Great turnout for a week day. My BBQ #pizza & Two Hearted IPA were tasty
Thia is exactly why
I now officially get tweets sent to my phone (:
spring in her step and on her toes.
You're the one who keeps me up at night, thinking about how we'd look in the future. <3
I got the New Rolling Stone and they just have a small write up on the Beastie Boys MCA Adam Yauch death. Not even a mention on the front??
I wish I was a catfish.
At the office.....getting ready for a big week ahead
Pondering doing a codeathon on Open energy and smart buildings in Austin and Open health in DC thoughts?
I'm great how are you?
Companies find that w/ coaching -profitability, performance & productivity go up.
turd???? Damn that's funny
...and im still tryna get out of the car
what's up johnny give em hell,!
I apologize in advance lol
Most people will LIE to you...(on your product going to market) so if "I" come along & tell u d TRUTH & u don't know how to take it!
could go for some mc.Donalds right now
i got in the car, turned on pandora, and what came on? Cake. Short skirt long jacket.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one
UH I hate myself for not being able to do anything right now.
Legends of the Hidden Temple, Angry Beavers, Salute Your Shorts, adult humor-Stick Stickly? Pinch me, I'm back in the 90s!
What's everyone doing on today? Anyone going to parks?
is that a joke? Funny. Joke
I %100 agree with U
Major strategic error: I did not, in fact, have enough beer to get through the week. Ugh.
I hit the snooze button four times in one morning before. Take that, Josh Hamilton.
Charlottesville. Desperately in need of sleep and Catching Fire. Not necessarily in that order.
Persistent much?
:) just wishing I had my MLS like you chickees.
#TBJ was just so fun to watch, great personality, even as a broadcaster he is more enthusiastic than most players, HOF yes!
Congrats on the great reviews, I'm trying to round up a bunch of lit folk to see it in Dec.
If a black woman was rose from #Titanic Jack: Rose, ill never let go! / Rose: um...its cold...bye. Where's my necklace!!!
Movie time
