Only 1,976 more weeks until retirement!
you definitely qualify.... thanks for the info! what did you take?
went to the quaff with my mom. Guess who got hit on first.
“: Damn I'm just hurt right now smh” wat happened Lil dude
Alright, thank you for everything. Wish you the best.
Equine herpesvirus case confirmed in Colorado Affected horse euthanized; facility placed under quarantine.
I need one too, can we work out together???
think so
yea I know !
I called SFPD to bring a squad to protect Something tells me he'll need it at the end of this plenary :)
Egg product maybe?
Last nights rain was superb!
but i do(: lol
sorry about tweeteradder spam: had to change twitter password to stop it (hopefully).
I'm so confused lol
When im alone I eat food like an animal, my cheeks full and shit like hampsters
Yay, that's awesome!! I feel quite honored. :D
Much love.
Stay and Play starts at 9:30!
my uncle is missing that finger
Giants got this in the bag....YUK
-Nice #WCCO piece on youth anime party. Congrats!
Don't Forget To watch Mobbed Tonight on Fox
Bought two Totoro pencil cases. Mailed the wrong one. A-herp. A-derp.
Are you kidding me
I'll do it, Robert Hill is lazy!!! Hahaha #gatcho RT : hell nah I thought I was off this weekend son!
My English teacher is playing Flogging Molly.
"BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW!! WHERE IS IT?!?" "Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets."
feels like he should be up to something...
I love the new icon Austin!(: <33 lolol
First day of coworking ! Thanks ! Excited for what this space has to offer :).
WE WORKING
yes javi is with me duh! And we will get on our private jet and come see you!!!!! Right now!
She Ran Away ( :
I guess still is the QUEEN....
food poison
eh nothing much bored and stuff hbu
DON'T BE AFRAID TO BE GAY!
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. ~Sun Tzu
A positive ALERT: RT : The Spring Sale is finally here.. join us at the USC Bookstores today for great deals!
wonder where bluffin self been 😁
It seems the #Brewers plan on signing a Free Agent SS w/ Furcal, Yuni, or Gonzalez but what are there plans for an utility guy?
#20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care about what anyone thinks about me, except my family and my bestfriend, but she counts as family to me <3
These pics..<3 OMG just stop it(; you're KILLING me ;D
the big D sucks
I know some really cool folks. Now it's time to read SNOW CRASH and the book version of PONTYPOOL, of course.
excited to be creating a painted chandelier in tropical themes for a local artist...
Movies #theavengers :D
Big game for the Bucks today!
RT Presenting at #SNAP09 was a treat, great audience, good dialog. #WORM09 almost home
Dreaming is believing
Thanks Mike! Listening to you right now - nasty vibe man, we dig!
ok. Let me look for it.
i'm so down. photo adventures or chill time?
nothing he just says he gave u too many chances and he has that guilt look on his face!
The other girl lives 17 miles away fr m me with her mom and comes to visit her dad where I live. I don't see her very often.
Oh my goodness you're really preaching tonite
608 tonight. First time I have graced the front entrance of a church in years.
how did i lose the medicine ball that i ALWAYS keep on my desk?
Talent show additions.
ohh but still...i'ma need lil bizzy akabent to tighten up on the domestic activities lmao....
My whole entire body hurts. I can't way till 5th with
yesterday afternoon Rio Rancho, NM came back on line as far as internet services.
I cried.
Good word: Brazen RT : At 11...a brazen crime in the South Valley. A wheelchair bound woman is robbed in front of her home.
I'd rather smoke danky den trend about anotha nigga
Go Sharks!!!
The leading rule for the lawyer, as for the man of every other calling, is diligence. Abraham Lincoln
OMFG!!! me too that was too fuckiin fun!!!! :D
Today sucks walnuts
Heading to Death Valley this Sunday! Who's coming with us?
My Newsies name given to me by my friend Brady: Stretch, because of my height :P I love it!
you're too sweet!
lack of bail I think
"right now I'm listening to Rancid from 1997. it's very nice."
Same Strat last year, won me a lot of leagues!!! Well 3 out of the 5
Texas IndyCar race was what it was.... Dario won half, and Will Power won the other half.... Right?
MAN I LIVE MY LIFE JUST LIKE A MOVIE THAT DONT STOP
Of course, please contact customer service and they will be happy to help you get a replacement
RT : Sunland Park's meeting to appoint a mayor Friday is canceled, won't be rescheduled until further notice
Watching #MyStrangeAddictions . Holy crap these people are crazy..
You mean because of the fishnet tank, right?
Talking with of about #FentonArtWalk and "Canton Color Tour"
But your hair is looking good!
Like, one or two points.
oh ok
Even my husband enjoyed Exploring Zarzuela in the Harris Theatre at George Mason University.
Respect has to be earned before you start tryin to demand it...
awesome!! Well I hope to get out to see you guys again soon!! I had so much fun last time!
The sea of life...ah. the law of attraction...guess I should change the way I view things.
Indeed. I was actually being sarcastic on my lack of ballin' skillz. Fantasy Drafts in Vegas are epic.
Getting Ready to Shoot Another Scene for Guidance Web Series 
I'll be in Vegas Sunday to Wednesday - hit me if you'll be out there during that time :)
But truly God has listened; he has attended to the voice of my prayer. ~Psalm 66:19
Well, fuck television. I'm out again.
D3 seeks exp. Billing Manager for 3-4 month contract engagement with reputable regional law firm in Los Angeles. Proficiency in Omega softw…
Slept all night im woke now
Re-watching the Bush #speech in the aftermath of 9/11. It is very interesting to go back and revisit the message that was conveyed...
bout bored af son sittin here playin grant theft auto ps3 somebody hmu
the maps r in all playlist. they were all night last night.
Last minute gift idea: a travel mug and Cup O Joe gift certificate. Perfect for mom's on the run.
Can't wait for dylans game(:
Thanks for the well wishes everyone! We are having a great time. So far, is one easy going kid!
it's in my top three. I love Rick Blaine so much. Ive probably watched it a thousand times.
What a great idea to have a webinar for parents; would be great to have one for teachers too
I'm not in vegas right now. It would be nice to see u out there tho
You are so pretty. Feel free to follow me. ;D
idk just put somethin you think is nice lol .
where are you buddy!?
Pumped to be toting a Yellownedcab & Saturn home from Koppas.
lol TRUE! but it was a lot more expensive and shipping alone turned out to be like $7 so i had to downgrade =[ oops
I must admit..... At 28, I drool when I sleep!
Thank you for your kind wishes!
Yeah, I tend to mist up at sappy movies. I've decided to just let it flow getting touch with my inner blubber.
don't we all!
oh.lol I guess
thanks! Great show, keep kicking a$$!
My summer bucket list is piling up :)
ROOT CANAL? What are you 40 years old? Brush, brush, brush.
Finally there is an NL East player I could dislike more than Hamels, and he goes ahead and outdoes Harper.
Sure! Definitely stop by! Just give us a little tweet first so we can "act natural." ;)
in the theater
Just finished tracking NEW album!! So lucky to have an all-star band and amazing producer John Clayton! Stay tuned...
re: back to Lemmonex: Of course we still love you. I'm playing Bon Jovi's "Always" in your honor right now.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive Clear eyes, full heart, going to 'Speaking of...' this weekend!
Your view is way more interesting than mine.
Though that lyric made no sense, I did like Bust a Move. "If you want it, you got it ..."
Wynn Wear Swim Wear / Sue Ann Wynn available at BodyTrends BoutiQue
So many folks putting "Occupy" in front of other random words. I think it's time to occupy occupy.
what it do?
I was LeBron, he was Kevin Hart.
You wont regret it! RT : I am excited to start lessons with him! I will be contacting him next week after finals
Eric Schmidt: Starting point for technology in social change is mobile phones.
What do you think of titling chapters, yay or nay? :)
In the kitchen today baking Five-Star Blueberry treats. Has your dog tried these incredibly delicious and healthy treats yet??
I hope i meet yall one day,because yall are ABOSULTELY AMAZING!<3
HAHA, stop, stop! I'm going to pee-mi-pants from laughing too hard!
Some call it swagger. I call it walking.
I wish these next two weeks of my life could fast forward.
Let's go LAKERS!! Lets take this win!
#kids Adoption Information Meeting: Adoption Information Meeting from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 7:30 PM...
can we get your wine in mass?
follow me
planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia. I think it's set for Nov. Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival. super stoked.
I'm going to have good day ... I'm off from work and I maybe go relax around the pool today
i love jb
That is game!!! #GIANTS #SuperBowl Champs....can't wait to go to the parade in the Canyon of Heros!!!!
Unmarked Cars this Saturday @ The HiLo Club for Junebug Spade's CD Release show...we go on around 10pm...kill the lights!!!
Fixed. Thanks guys.
Join us for our favorite Friday night duo. Redfish plays from 7:30-10:30pm
I did! I enjoy your tweets so much Don, so I will take your word for it! My Follow TH ADD physicist
People are oblivious.
Thanks, Will! The pleasure is mine (✿◠‿◠)
Up early brewing coffee getting ready to head out the door, listening to some tracks I layed down yesterday not bad,need some edits.
Thanks :) You'd think I'd fly through it since I loved my CNA class.. Sigh..
we thought so too. Thanks for the reply!
Application deadline for Summer Research Internship Pre-PhD Scholars Program is March 16th, 2012
Stand up for what is right, even if you're standing alone.
This is getting interesting....a little too interesting...
Follow a Fringe Artist Friday: ‏
I heart Bonnie Raitt.
On nights like there when I can't sleep... All I can think about is Keavy that's how you know a girls special :)
thinks there is something really fishy about that whole octuplets story. None of it makes sense.
..sometimes I make #enemies, sometimes I make
Suicide Silence - "You Only Live Once"
yup - got pix?
From ESPN-Chris Polk has best career & '12 ball security of the top '12 draft RB's. Only 1 fumble in '12 & 5 in 892 career touches.
Good morning
The holiday score as it stands: Pets-14, Christmas ornaments- 0
Just watched New A-team Movie...Oh My!
Heard you were at the Cannery last night. WHAT. I didn't even get to see you. Round 2 tomorrow?
Oh good! RT : Looks like St. Thomas Aquinas anti-abortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
I don't get the branchout app for Facebook. Do people really want to mix personal and professional in one place? Seems lake a career ender!
It wasn't on my phone. It may have been Ginny's, Jordan Hinze's, or someone else... Not sure :P
Something very enjoyable about making a new iOS icon...
THIRD SHOW ADDED - Comedian Kevin Hart at Hampton Colisuem on Sunday, 2/13 at 7pm - tix on sale TODAY at 12noon.
did you see Avengers? I'm watching it tomorrow.
it is ok :) can you email details (description) and price to me,
About 1/3 way thru "The Submission" by Amy Waldman and she's now on my favorite authors list. The kind of novel I wish I could have written.
So much to thank Him for! If you shouting with me retweet this!
tacos y burritos?
LOL Steve! Maybe you will be will win next time - highest prize ever!
How much poison is legal to give kids on Halloween? I'm asking for a dear friend.
27 minutes to go 2 miles.
Vcu is tough
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Eta chapter at on May 6, 1978. Happy Founders Day !
yaw it's not contagious though
waxed eyebrows :) are the best eyebrows!
As usual, you ROCKED on Rachel, Michael! ;)
If NIMBYs are stopping your projects, let's meet Five Corners Strategies can help.
get in touch with our party coordinator Lauren Diehl, her phone number is 414-276-2337 ext 103, she'll help you out!
Try viewing everyone who comes into ur life as a teacher WDyer
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."...
Now being followed by !!
Did you ever see Mortal Kombat? That set film making back decades.
Let's Go Caprese #prince'sfavoritesalads
Key hand: I fold every hand for two hours @ bubble,clownish btn opens 11k, I see TT and insta push 85k, he insta (spite?) calls with KQ.Win.
"GLAZED DONUT" aaaaahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
It's at times like this that I could really use a VPN connection to the city servers, or a key to the library branch a mile from my house!
Dancing with the Stars
Santa is providing the free shipping on every item in the studio, until 12-25-11. www.FUSEDGLASSBYDESIGN.artfire.com
not giving up, just venting frustraions at ironies of life! :P
Letting everything pile up while I stare at it in anxious paralysis.
Fennimore turns a 6-4-3 double play but Nick Mohlman, who reached on a double scored from third. Fennimore 3, Mineral point 1 with 2 outs.
AVG just told me I have too many tabs open. I'm just getting started!
“: Happy bday to my bro he needs some followers y'all.” ask and he shall receive
Everyone click share on this page and send this to all your friends/family we want Live Life Reckless to go world wide!!!
#9RoundMinute: 25 Squat Kicks paired with 20 Alt. Side Lunges! Feels good, right?!
too funny! I can't stop laughing! XD
I just wish that someone would give them a basic civics education, and a little training in rhetoric and messaging.
Thank you, those would certainly be in the top!
Is anybody moving out of a reasonably priced 4 bedroom in July?
Double Take is bitches from Hell! (we're just like you, except we're hot hot hot hot) Ah!
THANKS for the follow Anna!
My last day as an unmarried man.
I know this team will shine next season once again.I just hope its with solid D.
.'s digital project is on hold now while she finishes her book, bc her school doesn't count dig projects for tenure
i Need Bags Shit For The Tolit Mouth Bitchs
I don't even know how to respond to that! Next time??
juveniles can go to prison too!
I guess you're his girlfriend? (: And yes I did.
There should be ZERO tolerance 4 bullying!! PLEASE make it a big deal!! It is not simply a matter of kids being kids. Teach LOVE! :)
“: Idk how to sleep with clothes on anymore.”
you need a photographer for those magic moments! How have you been?
For Mother's day. I'm going to wake my mum up with breakfast and play Turn To You for her.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid every day after skool my friends use to come over my house n have da radio outside on da prouch
About to entertain some kids at the "Once Upon a Time" event for the St. Lukes Foundation.
and I'll be interested to see who is pushing it - Republicans or Democrats (or the media)....
I fill you up! Let's have a party......let's have a party!!!
U r just some poor bangladeshi who thinks he is white
Someone said my characters are too" idealized."I said, Honor,Hope Courage Love and Freedom." They exist, they are called " Americans."
“When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.” - Jimmy Smith
I couldn't understand a word Fabio said. I heard catching and 1 on 1,but I was lost.
Just did some major cleaning and my taxes.
Fun day assisting teachers for audio mixing classes and then editing the video for the Skyway Fitness Project.
I'm too busy crying to picket. Haha
A Top 10 list is upcoming for the next blog
Lesson for today: helping an ornery 7th-grader with math homework makes for one bleary-eyed writer the next day.
looks like "Snow Leopard" for Apple is due out tomorrow for only $29. What a big difference compared to MS updates.
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on www.latalkradio.com! Channel 2!
Awww..thanks! We think you're pretty cool too! RT - LOVE Log Cabin Village! You guys are the best!!
“: Bid in charity auction! Winner meets and watches taping of #YR. my mom and I won one with
Thank you for following! Happy to know you're enjoying retirement just like us!
thanks for the RT :-)
he's singing the stretch tomorrow. It's my 25th birthday and I want to sing it with him. Any ideas?
I am currently in Ghana and must recommend that you come here as well! It is so different here; I am learning so much.
Looking forward to serving you :-)
Everyone is comparing Google Drive to Dropbox while ignoring Amazon's Personal Document Service which might be the best of them all.
All day
I need 2t followers please:)
Good luck!
I feel like I smell like pee. Did you wet the bed ??
(._. ) RT : Tiny people be angry, dog.
"Coal, the dirtiest fossil fuel, is the crack cocaine of the developing world."
the truth cost nothn , but lies will cost you everything !.
Hahahaha! My thoughts exactly!
#Fitness For a healthy high protein snack, try Greek Yogurt, it has 14g of protein and tastes great
Reds suck tribe suck wtf
I just found an exclusive way home from work. Why am I so excited for no traffic? -_- haha
One of my favorite jazz singers Sarah Vaughan "the Divine One" was born 27 March 1927 I heard her sing live twice but got no good photos
Hamilton puts the #Rangers up by two. #WorldSeries this game is awesome!
I feel like shit today. >.<
What was your favorite thing about 2011?
My TiVo is full - sorry #CovertAffairs and #Dropdeaddiva, but I'm going to have to let you go.
I'm happy you're reading this tweet. If you own a website and want to do something valuable with your time feel free to DM
Happy bday 2 my son..never knew luv like this
“If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.” - Lucille Ball (one of my favorite quotes ever)
Congratulations to each and every one of the Region 1 semifinalists! We are proud of you!
100 years? Now I understand all the hype this week. RT The Titanic's maiden - and last - voyage began 100 years ago today.
Happy birthday to A good guy, great friend. Wishing you the best all year.
It is a #lovely Monday! Can't wait to see all of you amazing #library people at #ala11!
On my way back home to the "A" 2nite, im ready to hit the studio
Damn. My leg fell asleep right when I jumped in the shower :s Lol!!
#Salute Happy Charter Day!!!
what is the Hunger Games? Hunger is not a game
loves n e b l i n a
- thanks for the follow Bennett
Ever think about buying a franchise?? A pizaa place or a coffee shop? We'll show you what it takes Next Ohio Means Business
I adore my phone. I literally have the whole world in my hands.
Yet to read your email. Today's been the day from Crazyville, located in Crazychussetts in the United States of Crazy.
where's my ticket boo
I wanna go home
cute who
You MUST BE new to this. You see, I don't want to communicate w/U. So I'll stay polite 4 now&ask you to go&talk to someone else
Thanks for the RT!!!! So appreciate all that you do!
Good morning starshine!
we were but it was a twitter glitch that unfollowed us
Listened to #RocktheWorld with and on the subway this morning. Great insight about business in China!
coffee people can mix it with non fathom and freeze... Great alternative to a frappe!
You laugh because i'm different.. I laugh because you are all the same.
Randomly craving some factory right now.
I'll never understand what goes through my parents heads.
#TwitterOff Ima go cry a river even though my bitchass boyfriend doesn't seem to care 😔😞😖😥👎👊😡😪😱😢😠💔
Why do you think that is? No education training required to get a PhD?
why people always relate the word #marketing with #branding & #advertising only.. .there is a hell lot that goes into it.
Yay!!! :-) RT : Had a great catch-up lunch today w/ In fact, I just polished off the leftovers for dinner. :)
Didn't get to see play where he got hurt. I remember Yo playing for a little after his ACL, think this could be that serious?
I didn't say it was haha
Ain't that the truth. RT : Hip-hop lost its John Lennon. #RIPMCA (via )
delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey
RT wishing my iPhone didn't break now... you can get a RUA app!!! >.<
Kids in the back seat can cause accidents.Accidents in the back seat can cause kids.
Thanks for all your data quality greatness
pics or it didn't happen.
good morning alice, happy wednesday to you
I'm going to watch it later tonight, I'm really excited, wish I could be watching it now
no, I'm going on October 10
still haven't checked that out
Thanks for the support Kev! Also, another chance at Michigan Bluff...so soon...you are insane. And I love it.
will make me tikki masala extra spicy ? It's my favorite thing to eat
I didn't know that. How was it?
Noodles & Co with
I love the pear reisling, pistachio honey, and the seasonal w/ cardamon.really like/love most!! love both choc ones too
Passengers who refuse airport security measures should get discounted fares because their flight is more likely to be shorter.
launch Alfred, type "DW" instead of "TW", go to google search in Safari for "DW" instead of Twitter, hit Cmd-Q instead of Cmd-W
So I'm now watching think like a man and is a funny as movie
DM How do I get in touch with a decision maker at Googles' New Business Development?
wait?!? What?!? With who?
When faced with a challenge, look for a way, not a way out. -- David L. Weatherford
but it's ok because i get to talk about free indirect discourse and historicity and narrative tension and structuralism in those two pages
that guy was a shitty dancer anyways! He deserved to get hit by truck!
In case you didn't know, our very own Kiley and Laz just got married!!! Let's give them both a big congratulations!
model call for upcoming promotional tour send pics to
Frazier! My IPhone auto corrected it
the mayor
jeezy took to long 2011 he was ghost til the end
That catch by B-Phil got me all excited.
Is there even a signed settlement yet?
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it
What would I do without
Why are all the seniors upset about not being able to do a Senior prank? Its not like we would have decided on one anyway...
Ah so yeah go to the down arrow next to the home button then over on the side you'll see notifications click on that.
00065a Wed 04apr12 . Clock out 1600 . Broadcast canceled to be rescheduled for 05apr12 . worked on drawings / updates on logbook
Woah! Yeah, definitely no excuse.
This is the worst jury questioning ever
yes. Its not a bad kind of weird just not used to it. I grew up with both series and I'm just so used to the natual flow is all
Nice start to the morning. At the final commentary recording session with the great Phil Simms.
A sparkler? Perhaps something different like Lambrusco but more research needed.
Just ripped up some pants.. Got some new shorts :))
It's all about the 'All You Can GRILL and EAT!'. We hope you have a good time at
Sum BOYS<3
Heading to bed. Good mornight!
One step closer the the Pac16!
We're going to be trying out Twitter to see how we like it and more importantly how our CUSTOMERS like it! Let us know!
photos, video from Pasadena? send them to
in regards to celtics posts
That stuff is just priceless.
": There's a reason we're #1 in every single def category! #14" Because you didn't play anybody you stupid Gump!
Which way do your think #CO will swing in 2012?
Us strong Women will bounce back after we've fallin down, cried our tears, & faced many hurts.
I hate guys who say "My nigga" and "SMD" (don't want to write it out) but seriously though like it makes you seem so ghetto, I hate that
im in love wit u!!! <3 if u followed me It wud make my day better ;)
I'm compiling some informal data for a project & would love your answer! Which product is *better*: low-fat or no high fructose corn syrup?
Obama adviser Axelrod coming to Bergen County on Wednesday afternoon to campaign for
Thank you for the mention!
It's lonely @ the top but extra crowled at the bottom !!!!!
interesting concept, thanks for the follow. looking forward to books worth reading.
thanks so much! I'm excited to start a blog for the summer and studying abroad in Italy this fall!
it's i change my username.So ? how r u sweetie?
And we record the album in two weeks. Congress House Studios to lay down tracks. Mixing in Berlin Germany late Dec. Surprises forthcoming
Creepy if you ask me!
So I'm the only dad here, besides the coach, at Hannah's soccer tryouts. Guess I'm officially a #SoccerMom now...
...and the Hawks are a strong team w/average goalie. Crawford is either really sharp or totally lost. Now I know what Canucks fans feel like
do you see santorum as a viable candidate? Does this guy really have a chance outside of Iowa?
- Hey Elizabeth! Are you coming to our Movie Premiere on Tues? You're favorite 'Milw Girls' would love to see you! :)
that's good lol
lol kk :-) and do you have facebook
And thank you as well :-)
We're loving the rain! The kind of night perfect 4 a bottle of wine and a movie! Anyone have any good movie recs? Or wine for that matter?
words cannot describe how much I hope attends the same university as me.
old enough to chew its own food
You just told me I wasn't shit , I guess I'm proving it right now
Love the smell of rain on the asphalt but hate how it holds up production!
Me too!
RT Nice!!!! Widespread Panic's "Climb to Safety" during the #Phillies highlights!!!
When is out of the game it is a lot easier for the West to score. He is a game changer.
Remember pay-phones?
please go kick the biggest rock, you bad feet mofo!!
hi all how is every one
why do I feel the main villain in this movie will be smug.... Fun while it lasted
In Visimeet, use your contact list as a buddy list feature and instant message your contacts
Dear Thank you being open till 1am. I need the #caffein to keep on cooking. Me love you long time. - MiaTeresa
Detroit Tigers #TWlikeyou Update your Like
Legit. So pumped to hear it brother.
Just walked passed a guy cursing to himself. I know how ya feel buddy. Lol
thanks for the camp tweets!
Ignorant thoughts brewing in my mind
I think someone should call the cops on me before i kill
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
Listenin to baby!! cant wait for my world 2.0 to come out!
“: ": lol I'm going home tomorrow"cool..where”Desoto
Let's see what the Broncos can do behind their leader.
Sometimes I realize I may be a walking cliche... LMAO If I don't make sense, then you may just be too damn normal.
Wondering how much time I have spent on buses and trains over the past year. Amtrak to Back Bay, hopefully in my room by midnight
GREAT SHOW! RT : Thanks to everyone who tuned in for the premiere of Hotel Impossible on
FEVERSHOT'S MUSIC VIDEO FOR THEIR INFECTIOUS CLUB SMASH--> "POP BOOM POW' <---WILL PREMIERE MONDAY NOV. 8TH! More info to come!
Stop yelling, moron! RT : THE WALL STREET JOURNAL AGREES, GOVERNOR’S REFORMS ARE WORKING AND HIS OPPONENTS CAN’T STAND IT
Listening 2 Oakenfold, Great Wall. When Madonna Hollywood comes on, headphones go 2 max!!! Shine ur light now. This time it's got 2 B good!
Sweet Tweets its on baby:
holy dance party last night
Seeing a bartender refer to themselves as a Beverage Consultant on LinkedIn has made my week.
Duke wins this one 82-75.
Daylight savings time is happening this weekend. Hurry up and go to bed now to get that extra hour in. :-)
come celebrate with us in our office...the monkey went #WILD haha
RT : Catch me on tv #rockies game
the baby will always have the upper hand
Hey Round Rock/Austin, playing a show at this Friday starting at 7pm! Spread the word!
<3 love her omg. She's amazing. Bahahha still remember fbr15. :'3
I suppose it is! It's been a while, so I forget how it feels... :P
The MAN has his boot on all our necks
How much actual spam did you get in response to your faux spam?
WE ARE!! Its a beautiful day in the A!
RT: When u tell someone u Love them, make sure to Act with Love as well. Live with Intentional Love. ~ Lori Moreno
would like to see some tower cams.
Thanks for coming out again, Cody.
My favorites are the Yelp reviews of Central Park, or other landmarks that no one need weigh in on.
If all else fails I suppose I'll just live off the money from my ebay Beanie Baby sales.
Thanks guys!!! \m/
“: Hummel was wheeled off the court on A stretcher, but the problem is cramps and dehydration not the knee.”. Wow.
nothing like walking up the hill trying to converse with a 21-yr-old student athlete. Bless her, I think she was even trying to slow up.
Still Time to Take Advantage of Free Shipping on Media Tape Orders!! Give us a call today!
and bubba has how many majors, 1 or 2 and had mad what a 10% what tiger has made, more w/out coaches n wins then with
Meet Jerry, Extreme Brickover 5 contestant & part of Team In It to Wynn It. Read about his motivation in his weekly blog....
Love ya thanks . Straight ahead
Writing product descriptions, running out of adjectives.
Facebook is buying Instagram for 1 Billion Dollars.
Bachelorette time! Let the drama #begin 🌹
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 20
Good morning, to my followers I say thank you. We have two of Pennsylvanias hottest artists & Stay updated.
You're giving Furd too much credit, finished seventh in the P12 and lose their two best post players. Zona will win he P12.
everyone is playing this game! I need to check it out
Thanks for spinning Scissors as #CatchoftheDay on ! Keep the requests coming!
I'm feeling so good and positive right now! I want to share it with the whole wide world! Let's be positive, optimistic, kind and grateful!
This is awkward :/
And this is why is Mr. San Diego. Coming to my bus-woe rescue.
dammit, you're tempting me to go back to Facebook, I haven't found good new music in ages
Thanks for the mentions!!
Side note: if you move to San Francisco and say you came back tan, you didn't move to San Francisco
School will be over in a few hour's and my long drunken weekend begin's
Put the gun down, sweetie.
I'm led to pray for the C.S.Lewis College today--who will join me???
As much as i hate to admit it song "dance again" is a good song. id like it better with out pitbull. i hope theres a "no rap" version!
i have an evil genius plan for everything.... 
hi there everyone? The way to the heart is to believe in someone else.
I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline.
I think has had recent success with Western Union although I generally just sell to friends
Cnt wait for Saturday!!!!
haha really? You mustve been super tired haha cause I know I was knocked out haha
I can't found U
Ooh Flypaper looks really good too. Tim Blake Nelson playing a kook - as usual. Comedy Action and Adventure... in a bank.
I hope the weekend is as long as my day was...
thank you…
Yes they did. Thanks for checking in on them :)
Homeless Coach bench seating painted burnt orange in time to coach #homeless mother, Kim, Thurs under Austin's Hwy 360 Pennybacker Bridge
Hi ! Keep Smiling!
lol fag it was a penis and some glaze
R.I.P. DICK CLARK. New Years's Eve Celebrations will never be the same without you. U will be very much missed! My prayers2 friends & family
Wow, the wildflowers on I-37!
You need to follow
baby you light up my world like nobody else .
Can't watch the #padres because there's apparently no tv deal. I have &t which sucks.
ha... i wish. was flying out that morning and crossing my fingers he didn't drop trou again :)
Thanks for the follow!
If it's your passion then you should go with it. It's never to late to start on your dreams! It's a challenge but worth it!
I think its possible to have love for someone, but not really love them.
No problem Kate! I could use more time unplugged myself (beyond just a weekend here and there), so it rang true with me.
YES! TONIGHT at the Bowery Poetry Club in NYC!
Ha! It was in his pants.
Just when I thought Breaking Bad couldn't get any better, DJ Roomba makes a cameo in Season 4!
typical #Eagles bullshit, dumb mistakes cost a shutout. MORONS
yes Dunk of the year
Aww ... don't worry. He comes for all of us eventually. You could be next! <grin>
Oh, woops. Thanks for that! And thanks to you, , for the blog post, which holds up super well on repeated readings.
i might wear my hornets tomorrow ..
Great tip from : write a mission statement for what you stand for (not what you're against)
(Spoilers) There's zombies! Lots of them. Some of them get re-killed. It's pretty awesome.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards.
On to Warner Brothers studio tomorrow for a fitting
looked strong today brother!
Hey & ! Got any yummy recommendations for good #gastropub #restaurants in #miami / #southbeach?!
#imagine opening your locker seeing a note that says " I sure think your beautiful."
lol... I guess u right but its usually about a 80% chance I am..
gotta keep letting them fly
Al Harrington coming up in 2 minutes! Listen in to hear from the newest Nugget!
Fans in Asia are very appreciative of everything, and they are so polite. Not that the American fans aren't. Don't put that in the paper.-GC
Love the new TV spot... Can't wait to share that out!! (hint hint)
Pickles with chamoy
Working for the weekend.
Wade need to step up and stop playing robin behind LeBron
havent seen that yet. guess Im not looking at chix eyes
Shutout to aka for the #vineyardvines phone case :)
Yes-talk to you then! Mary
Love the real world example of Instagram in use. Looking forward to the upcoming thoughts!
Hi Paul, and thank you for following. I'm wondering if you would have any ideas on how I could successfully break in to acting?
sweet home :3
yea cant wait to see u emily and isabelle in a few weeks!
i just started and I'm 33yrs old RT
jepordy sucked... My team didnt know any of the answers and there is a test on Monday...
“: You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours. #GirlFacts”
hey congrats on the cover....again
That long one wasnt buddha. that was Paulo Cohelo.
Quiet and smooth, yet as tough as a steel-belted tire, the 3280 is the perfect choice if you want both quiet and reliability.
It's that simple, right?
follow me back vonda
I feel like flying far from here.
Listen in to for the Charm of the Season ad. It's 24/7 Christmas music time of course!
what's an appropriate tip for a "hairstylist"? does the 20% rule apply to that?
We need a venue for our Thurs, Jan. 20 event. Do you (or someone you know) have meeting space for ~50 people? DM or and please RT!
"Friend":hey,keliecia Me:*waves ..thinks *hey......friend what's your name again..? Lol
Why the hell would I want to think like Steve Harvey?
Who's doin' that?
It didn't after I closed for the first time, but it has continued saving them since then.
At long last, things are starting to come together.
#ImThatPersonWho Gets annoyed REALLY Easily. >.<
Ed Toriello, Tony Rankin Bob D'ambrosia Terry Canale Sandy Gordon Stuart Hirsch saw u launch while in Mexico we're waving!
Weelllll isn't it just a beautiful day!!!!!!
Another magical night at the K
wow, - you did it again w/awesome 2012 beercamp site. In 2013, can we see pong balls flying and cups being flipped interactions?
last night in fredonia was perfect, i couldn't have asked for a better night! back home today
72 penalty minutes and three ejections in first period of #Flyers #Pens game. Sheeeeesh.
“: I once saw you attempt to eat a spoonful of cinnamon...my vote is no” agreed. I've see you in action 2 much.
Doing an Open House during the Parade of Homes for the Raleigh area.
i have recently been thinking about why our metadata for items w/ digital surrogates includes no data on the digital surrogate.
Going to Dustin's brothers football game tomorrow. Then to his house so his mommy can fix my prom dress :)
Learn something boy, grow yo ass up
Everybody else surprised, I wasn't surprised
I would like Diaz to win but I think Miller bullies him to a comfortable decision
shoot something
Re: latest column - I think you need to redefine "movie star". The game has changed so we as an audience have to change with it
Beauty is a blessing but can also be a curse depending on the choices you make. Understand for yourself it's real value.
TONIGHT: hosts "All Night Happy Hour" ! Happy Hour specials 4PM - 2AM. Send names to 916-295-0720 for guest list.
Looking at the night sky
Happy Birthday
"...and whatever the community response is, I think it is appropriate."
I hope you didn't find that out via experience.
cant wait for DW Gundam 3 either in in June :) I also just picked of Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage The other day. It's cool!
Stop by the Meteor Solutions booth in the social lounge at #OMMAGlobal for a chance to win free Meteor Analytics!
John Splan and I are playing a show at the Armory tonight! 7:30-10:30 Hope to see you!
somebody is hallucinating again!
(the colonists went ashore the next day). In 1846, the United States declared that a state of war already existed with Mexico.
Such as? We're going to the King Tut exhibit and I want to get this niece and nephew as enchanted with Egyptian history as I am.
Botanical Gardens festival combines natural beauty and local art museums
I NEED more followers!!! Put in werk people! Get me some tweeters!! #Help!
I'm thinking she's going to need a nap after today for sure. :) Congrats, Brooke!
It's #smallbizsat - support great #smallbiz like (great #sale there!),
Alcohol is a drug...
next is all over your face
Happy Leap Day! What will you do with your extra 24 hours this year?
If I could runaway I would
stop flirting. Let's go visit !!
ReinosoJoy is a net of love by which you can catch souls .
Great meeting you today! Thx for the invite. Enjoyed it and will definitely come back :)
I want to go to San Antonio.
Yes! Go to this site and learn about the details. Time to MERGE!“: It's live people! ! check it out! One union!!!”
": Justin always thinks I have the "hoes", annoying." You do
I'm following you on keek and I'm subscribed to you too<3
nothing can cheer you up more than the wet kiss of a cute puppy
todays your birthday? Lol or tomorrow?
grudgers are a waste of perfect happiness. laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
I took my first improv classes when I was that age! I will email my thoughts to you. Thanks again, Matt.
mainly performing arts events in Indianapolis. I will be a lot for the next week. Then maybe for a few.
Hunker down with for art drinks at The Local tonight until 7:30. There's a wood fireplace!
Building up my resume now so when the time comes, it'll be an easy transition to the position of chief communications officer for Starfleet.
Enough with the "gd 4 u LOL" type stuff. 140 character limit is like writing a novel without the letter "e"--be creative and stop cheating!!
great news! should be proud #SocialMadness rules!
Health Tip: Remember that it is healthier to receive most of your vitamins and minerals naturally rather than taking supplemental tablets.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like u
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
What's the name of that English girl/ boy duo band? She was his guitar student... #pitchforkmedia loves them...
Thanks baby!
Sirius xm baby! Hear you a lot on there......love it!
Comice pears are so good!
I'm sailing the Atlantic!!! Oh crap... We're sinking.... Crap this water sucks. Titanic.
If your having trouble with a blind & you didn't get it from us. I highly recommend calling Karl. He can be reached at 505-220-8453.
90's Bills of baseball reincarnated!
which season of OTH are you watching? Haha
It's obvious Thibodeau knows how bad Rose is hurt. Too bad for everyone, especially Derrick. #justabasketballgameright?
RT : My desire for civility doesn't mean I don't have an opinion. I do. I simply respect that others have an opinion too.
Shit, I wish I was going late -.-
Whats 50 grand to a ma fucka like me. Can u plz remind me
yep! he seems to be a natural at it! lol :)
Forty page marketing plan is complete & just a few minutes over midnight. Yep, it's almost finals week.
Life isn't working out for me now... A tweet or anything from you could really put a smile on my face<3
An production! RT Just 3 days til we #OccupyTheNews. Visit our site + RT to spread the word.
Yes, they seem to almost incorporate something beyond three dimensional spacial characteristics.
That also works. Or just daydream something like the scene in Office Space... (No one ever said I was good at advice...)
You got it!!!
Boo. Just missed the space shuttle flying by midtown.
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  6
My three weaknesses: scents, shoes and sunnies. Oh ok, clothes too ;)
Happy New Year from the team at Zuma Fun Center. The park is open today from noon until 8pm.
Neil Everett, who I can't stand, said LBJ didn't foul 'Melo on a block that made the Top 10, even though it WAS a foul.
: Link on Panetta?
damn/: i cant even imagine how you feel. Wish you could come back now!
You and I both know that might not last lol jk
LOL nice! Was it so good it put shamalama in ding dong?
I don't wanna see those! Both those movies look wack!!
can't wait for the West Coast to catch on!
I'm so invited!!!
I need a more creative handle... school is sucking up too much brain power for me to think of anything clever. Suggestions welcome.
I just wish you would text me , so I know that you care ...
Are you a #SMB looking for an online training solution? Come by Booth #607 We've been working with co.'s like yours for 15 yrs.
got a CST math test tmrrw... didn't study. or bother doing ANYTHING math related for the past 2 months. #howtheheckdoihaveana #soscrewed :(
Duh, V2G, pay peeps to plugin or at least the possibility of in future. But need to plan for it now!
We LIKE Miss Americs(s). Presidents...not so much.
buy the Entertainment Card and print your own coupons after registering online. Total cost 75% DISCOUNT
that is a nice bonus. I wish I was on that side of town!
m...never tried cubed in my chili! That sounds nice!
If u dont like talking to u. Why should i?
So what we get druuuunkkkkkk, so what we smoke wee
Good deal. :)
Today has been an awesome day full of good news!
take note.... you really can't take my NBA views seriously anyways....I waste time by pulling for
Asking about stores so I could pick it up! Will give it to my future niece/nephew after screening for weird hidden images/propaganda
ITS TODAY :)
KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY "LOVE THE BIG BLUE NATION"
Yay for waking up sick. Weak. :|
I can't complain.. The weather is awesome! I'm just heading to class.. How about you?
Indeed. Tell Evans a Mizzou-UK matchup will determine our friendship
you best apologize..
I just didn't enjoy spotify. I like Rdio recommendations and the new releases are easy to navigate through. Choose your destiny
The show has begun.......
You're the man, Phil!!!
Uh..young lady, where have you been??? :0)
Letting go doesn�t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren�t meant to be
I have a Kindle and I think it's great, so.
WE ARE FINALLY FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK...SPREAD THE WORD... IS DOWN FOR EVERYONE....XOXO
#mla12 tip: If someone tells you a publisher is not considering first books, be skeptical.
Athens get ready for the PBRART EVENTs check out PBRart.com today!
Austim come to england
thought you disappeared
y are u Jews going against David Weprin who is also a Jew
Taigs loves Frost Friday
Discovered the deliciousness of raw fennel! Yum!
Gym soon(:
you need. Anyone that truly loves you feels that way. It physically and emotionally pains us to see you torment yourself like
Cloudy & rainy morning in ATL - like it!!
I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call 'image fuzz-out.'
"APT is a controversial term that ... has become a useful shorthand for 'We’re pretty sure it came from China.' <via #infosec >
Thanks for the retweet darling!
Thanks! I figured...what the heck? :-)
When you don't get an explanation for the inexplicable, none is forthcoming.
TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOLLOW BACK
I literally just said "You suck Jeremy" when I heard u say the week's outlook. Motherhood hasn't changed me! Lol.
Kids gone to school its rainy out head hurts you kno what that means...Z
Free complementary appetizers (chef's daily choice) during Happy Hour (5 to 8)
Normal girl problems: Gets invited to two parties, can't decide which one to go to. Directioner problems: Two-sided posters.
Love is all you need, if by love, you mean avocados.
Thanks so much for the kind words
Excited about sending , the President, and , the VP of Creative Development to Haiti next week!
Just had a listen through first mix of the studio version of Disney Princess Disasters. Fun!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe legs open easier and easier .
Those border patrol agents on the amazing race seem like little bitches. Wow.
You're getting a little to attached
Yaaaayyy!!! BEiber ARmy!!! Show me the way!!!! I want to be a cadet!!!
“: Dear Ex, Just because I'm nice to you, Doesn't mean I want you back... Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.”
Awesome tango night at The Beehive! Cool place.
Thanks Josh. We are happy to have you on board coach!
I know, I wasn't at the meeting. :)
“: hey! Question of the day what sound does a goldfish make?”
Thank YOU for the follow. We need all of the supporters we can, to help end homelessness in America once and for all.
Specimens, or cross-sections, or mounts. Meant to be used for botanical identification, useful for craft history too.
Yes, incredible
In other, non related news. never emails me back. Jerk.
it says not yet -_-
who casts u5 for Grimm and leverage
"...the strongest force within you." According to Albert Edward Wiggam Is Your Mental Image Of Your self.
Thanks for joining ZoomShift! If you any questions about getting started feel free to contact us.
Can you give me a call at the NFLPA office or DM me, business question
Nice ball movement
fall break ='s late night movie time!
Almazbek Atambaev Will Probably Be Kyrgyzstan's Next President via
Two of my FAVORITE Music Ministers EVER! Still a fan of both you guys!
that's good too !(:
This has got to be the longest bus journey IN MY LIFE :/
YES, NOW WE JUST GOTTA MAKE SURE IT'S WEDNESDAY AND WELL BE ALL SET
Sidenote: I need a twitter coach, any takers :-)
Friendship is about trust.
I've lived on Oklahoma City most of my life, and yet every severe weather season, the TV weather people mention towns I've never heard of.
w/Alexandra Greeley-- getting ready for a Chef Aaron McCloud lunch feast!
NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGY
Thanks for the RT ! We hope the article provided you with some important takeaways!
He dead.
Really I only flirt with the rage. I'm a hairless monkey spinning on a watery rock. Tomorrow I'll do pushups to keep the chimp at bay.
Charm??.?. RT : I think Romney is waiting for the last ten minutes to turn on the charm.
checking in on the education-focused #Apple event...
Can you snort Valium? I am asking for a friend.
Coyote Ugly New Orleans for the Win! Let's get Ugly!
I woke up sick:/ and am feeling better now(:
Rich, fatty foods are like destiny: they too, shape our ends.
Ok, you asked for it, I uploaded the free admission pass - who remembers how to find it??
haha well sell the books haha
"Ballin' is my hobby" -Clay Matthews
Haha that is true!
Tried to stop eating all of the chocolate at work. Pile of wrappers next to me=fail.
nstead of studying. I'm so ready 😜
Finished a new bomb today with now need to finish 3 more!!!!
Lost $5 in about 5 minutes to the quarter slots at the Cal-Neva.
I'm a cowboys fan and I say he's a sure fire hall of famer without a doubt
AYE AYE AYE me + u, imma tell u one time. RT if you remember the boy in the grey hoodie!
Extremely cute guy at the mall, but with his mom and dad..
Meerkats recognise another member of their social group by the sound of their voice, according to scientists
thats the truth!
There is now. Check out new look on With Eric West
he always does!! ;) ps he misses you!
time to start franchising?
NF Ms Diva back .... Hope u enjoyed your bday partying. It was great seeing you & partying w/all of u. See u soon :)
Husband: "I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it." Wife: "You wear briefs, don't you?"
MU has to win 2 to get a #2 seed. Not a huge difference between the 2 and 3 seed though, so don't burn out.
Tribe Steppaz vs. I-cue vs. Chuck B - Rock the funky beat/ Tribe Steppaz - Playa Hate... coming soon on Hum Fi Dub records, Los Angeles
coffee with your man
home game or in a casino?
Preach the Word! Be prepared in season and out of season! 2Timothy4:2 graduation 2day! As leaders never forget this verse!!!
Just had the schwag delivered for Sundays Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament, come one and all and have a great time !
#Fuckoff I dont wanna hear what you have to say.
RT : You can only give a person so many chances before they start to take advantage of your forgiveness.
Six #occupysd protesters have committed themselves to a hunger strike until police allow structures back in the Civic Center.
Of course the 85 bus is late this morning- it's on time maybe once a week... 15 minutes and counting
changed my life...
Aren't we all! Where are you headed?
Louie is the best comedy on TV.
And it's not even Easter.
Testing Entourage Beta on one machine, IE 8 beta on another.
AT&T Hackathon is starting at F5 Networks, 24 hours of fun
I-94 repaving project is much nicer with someone else driving!
Doing some writing and thinking not move related and it is nice to once again exercise my brain. Oh how I missed you rhetorical thought.
Happy Muh-fckin New year... Make it a good one!
- thanks Marc and that is why I look at it as a true life skill-- when you learn and give to others, it makes it more fun also
That's cool. So you have a birthday coming up...
haha, I thought of that right after I clicked "tweet"!
Hey now!!!! Welcome bro:-)
I really want to just literally start playing violin... I wonder why.
GM pastor
Was just keeping you informed .....and by the way thanks for the follow
"If you have a culture which says "throw out programmers that make mistakes" you might as well... give up"
Ok yeah that. Sure. Any kid.
Today I went to one of the Twin Cities most romantic restaurants. W.A. Frost & Company. They're offering a 6 course Vday dinner for $130.
Yes, #singlepayer #MedicareforAll would be much, much better - constitutional, cover everyone, save tons of money.
Might as well attend a high school game. #lame “: We have announced it, but is at undefeated, #11 Houston."
Ha! I see
I am so annoyed right now. We have been experiencing issues all week! What is going on over there?
SEASON 4 OF RHONJ STARTS TONIGHT!!!!
Don't you suppose that all the people who bought stocks late today will be hammered on Monday and Tuesday?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Let's do. How's your Thurs or Fri eve?
I need a good lawn guy!! The guy I had is no longer answering his phone!! Who knows a good person?
Do you think he's like a Joaquin Phoenix? Like if we shave him, and cut his hair, and get rid of the glasses, he might b hot?
Facebook has some of the gayest fucking rules ever
haha thanks Simon
thanks buddy
Always give a chase. If you're easy to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Don't forget that Tango Lessons and S.I.N. night are cancelled tomorrow. They will resume next Tuesday!
Bed, Laptop, Food, Drink & Family Guy = Perfect Night In<3
Chris Christie Approval Rating Highest Ever Among New Jersey Residents. The people of NJ have to support him or they will be dinner.
Damn I need to borrow somebody netflix password
Why do people do stupid she like get red, white, and blue hair?!?! Then get mad when people look!!
We would love to help your customers take their heating and air needs to the next level with temperature automation!
i heart
Off to the house. I have class tonight. I want to get some time to chill and eat before class tonight.
Now I know who to go to next time! (If there is a next time!) :)
#edcampcincy #homework Can we FLIP things around? The PRACTICE time should be with the teacher. Can we do the presentation somewhere else?
Ready for the #Heatgame tonight 🔥🏀🔥🏀🔥
No, I don't want to follow Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter, Twitter. Quit suggesting it. I don't care how much they paid you. Stop. Just..no
Thank you!!
HOLD MAH DICK
Blink-182 > your existence
Mad Men, Arrested Development
I didn't do anything my school just taking stuff way to far..
nice. Yah it was way rad
when r u off
I bet if I used that line, it just might work.
Know why I never get on here anymore? Because over half of my tweets are GONE! ?? Anyway, I'm still around. Doing art and writing novel.
waiting for to get home... I miss her
TREE INFO-Treat Birch Trees for Bronze Birch Borer! Preventive application best as adult borers not affected by post infestation treatment.
Let’s all have a great week filled with an abundance of great opportunities!
As much as I hate my mom sometimes I don't know what'd I'd do without her pyscho ass #loveyou ❤
West Hollywood!!! Gay Pride Parade today, hope the sun comes out of the closet soon too
Good answer for a Sunday morning!
You can like people music if they in yo city pay homage fuck hate.
Hatef, meet RT : Excited to meet your new New Media Director! Congrats
yeah. I gottcha cars.... I'm just kinda scared cuz I don't wanna go to jail.. I've never been and it don't sound fun at all
The $1M question: Do you know what you would say to a #donor who asked, "What would you do w $1M?"
Injured Pop Warner Player Undergoes Surgery
oh man it's awesome!! If your dad doesn't want to go let me know!
I believe i'm more excited :)
Don't know of any family over there now, but do know that's the origin of my last name. Been in the US for several generations tho.
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving and made it back home safely. Anybody do any community service? Tweet us all about it.
"Mom they're not racist..." -
Dude, your first name is Meyers. You shouldn't taunt anyone.
Pump up phrase of the day is: Get Some. Use and abuse it players!
I just read in the black voice that Jordan Barkley&Magic weighed in on King James more black on black hate
Motorcyclist just drove from 10th Ave to 9th Ave alongside Lincoln... On The Sidewalk. Don't think that counts as legally cutting lanes.
I havnt been on here like this in a while
before I heard this story, I never would've known that band geeks to hazing too.
Morning Tweeters!!! What am I thankful for?! It's Friday!!!
RT : Donate 100$ to the indiefunda campaign and we cover in a 10 article series the topic of your interest :...
no ; demand !
i wonder if he cusses out mark reynolds in chinese under his breath every time he makes an error
and I make some pretty good pancakes . 👍
Sorry we won't be there. Have great carols and better times! RT : Eve of the eve in about 5 hours!
I'm just going to assume you Retweeted that cuz you think i'm supercool, not cuz you're making fun of me
With my babeh!!
but yeah there is this one guy that says it while meaning it. And there's U :D <3 <3 <3 seriously thank u
Rehearsing with Nat,Alex,Thomas,David,and Quasim.Can't believe im the only girl in the band. :D
i wanna go to new york man....
At the gym trying to be buff. :) I think I have a ways to go.
What happened to #SouthBeachTow did I miss it
justin I am really sick could u tell me to feel better if u do I will feel better plzzz! Sick sick!!
I want you to be my boothang <3.
Sat: Horseshoe Pitching Contest, Demolition Derby ($15 Pit Pass), & Stock-Semi, Tri-Axle Dump & 4X4 Truck Pull ($15 Hook Fee - $10 Pit Pass)
Howdy- We still on for lunch? Just come into Barkley and ask for me and we'll walk. You can use garage
We're making a short film. About a talking Goldfish. Yep. It's magic.
You have a website. You are doing SEO. But, are you doing any real marketing? Testing slogans...really trying to sell your products?
M Johnny Depp!
Fire alarm's been going off in #MIA AA D Concourse for a good 15 minutes now. Is it impacting flights at this point?
Belinda Why do U have a seering headache why is my nervous system in shakes mode ask ASIAN female passenger on PCC/SHUTTLE
Despite the dopeness of TDKR trailer, those movies are still TOO depressing (as are the graphic novels).
Over turned Semi Truck in Moon Twp. Clean up underway, but Road is closed. Stay away from University Blvd at Stoops Ferry Rd.
True dat! RT : Ya need a Sheboygan hard roll for that double brat der!
and then you shit yourself.
Gained no followers, k. RT this ! :)
There's nothing I detest more than someone who constantly interrupts others bc they feel that their opinion holds far greater importance.
Every contrarian bone in my glorious body tells me Gold and Crude are moving down sooner rather than later. getting ready to short em.
you told me you were from The chi I said what part you said Lorain 😂😂😂😂😂😂where they do that at!
awww well thank you sweetie ;) I appreciate that!
Using Tucson Alarm, instead of ADT, saves the average customer over $2,000 in the first 10 years of service. Free doesn't look so cheap now.
is my idol, he goes through so much bullshit & haters. I can never thank him enough for that.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something
You know how when you're supposed to be working, but it's too nice out so instead you sit outside and do nothing? Yeah that.
Girls Only Party tomorrow-- come in your 'Moulin Rouge' best!!!
entrepreneurship, branding, the way tech/web is/has changed our world, an more!
looks like a great book, wish the link didn't take me to Amazon site.
I went birding and hugged a tree for #Earthday, what did you do?
Good Morning!! Love You All!!
is going to Philly for the weekend and hoping to check out the National Constitution Center for the first time!
It might be a long week if....you're already fried and it's only Monday. Doh.
So excited to have you as a speaker at our Summit in May!
I'm so excited to see tonight! This will be a great warm up session for !!
thnx for follow!
was he in a half shirt? Details are necessary.
Hip hip hooray for
I have the best boyfriend in the world
Just won 7 str8 bball games ya boy was killing it. now hookah bar time.
Love tonight's episode! What is on your bucket list? What would be included in your BEST party ever?
thank you :-)
Thanks Amanda :)
I know, it was out there, no pics? They did roll some of the ideas into OkCupid Locals...
Been under the weather! Tired and most of all starting my life anew. 2010 is gonna be good.
Do you like and And you want 1/2 price lift tix Prez Day, and to board with us? email me
please follow me gratias tibi ago
Gettin "My Twitter profile was viewed 166 times today! Click here to see who views your profile" that takes to a survey site.
dude what the fuck?!!? :l i'm sorry about that shit. today can ONLY get better. it fucking better.
RT : . we help you get followers just follow us and the owner ▶...
Help Indy Reads win $10,000 w/ Indy Indians LEND A HELPING GLOVE! Vote for FREE. Text READS to 86132 - more info @ www.indyreads.org
Having an early dinner tonight ruined my motivation to work. I'm forcing myself to do it though. Kicking and screaming.
very true!! Lol
watch your fuckin mouth sludge. You're still my protege.
walking across mass ave to the Berklee building
can't wait to see you!
You really should see Armitage Gone! Dance at MCA tonight. But accept the earplugs distributed at the door.
Serious love to all on the streets now. MT : My May Day was underwhelming what with moving... Keep fighting, comrades.
I think you just seen me at my nastiest.. #ohwell #youstillwantme 😉
Oh wow!! Using a "big word" out of context doesn't make you any smarter! So #dumb!
Finally, got to change my profile pic and months of trying.
#nowplaying Last Night on Earth Green Day
you too Judy- how is everything in your world?
Dirty Money Give Me Dirty Looks
boy me too
haha I'm not sure I'm Bro enough for these.
Even tho she is being petty
<derailed>The #Cain Train</derailed>
Solid work!! Thanks for posting!!
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star.
AAR Receives FAA Approval for 747-400 Oxygen System Retrofit - The Leading Aviation Industry Resource for News, Equipment and
You know someone who knows me?
ugh! I need info and is not loading. I'm trying to plan my bday, people!
What is the state of the field of military history? Pretty bleak so far.
"Juju's petals!" "Bumbles bounce!" etc. I prescribe a dose of classic Christmas movies and TV programs.
I tuned in to see on the TV. Why isn't on my TV!?
thanks for the shout out!
thanks for the grat breakfast and service today at our CEO Panel!!
LOL true. I might have to miss that one too.. or spend the game tweeting trash. lol
Wrong word? Thought that was the term ...
I know you do! All that swirling and different fonts. "It's just like a movie".
I've been up since 6 this morning. This is way too early to be up during summer break.
New to the area? We'd love to have you in!
Tyler pimping #EMC and #VNX at the first #VCE event in PA! How's that for hashtags? null
Watch sex and the city 2 OR a deadly firefight with the Taliban Hmm..Get my Guns!!!!
Bahahah such a weirdo RT : Omg 1,000 reasons I love mario GIVE ME THAT FILET OF FISH
That explains it. Worst food in the world (with the possible exception of anything Scottish).
she ordered my phone ealier today,its gon be here by thursday hopefully or before that
Who invited you into our league anyway,
How was lunch?
i love youu to (:
Oh hey, im sorry to tell you that we accidentally cut off your daughter's legs(; x'D man i hated that demanding sub.
So you know, Neil and the munchkin are in the dome, but I'm having way more fun watching the game and reading tweets!
apparently we are all guitarists over here!
You're lucky to have met Austin, Alex, and Mama Mahone. What is not obvious? :).
Doing an economics study guide for our final test. its 86 questions. And I have a 100 Question government study guide to do.
I just virtually insulted someone but then gave em like a virtual hug afterwards, ah the power of the internet.
4real go download my young mix tape and new tracks I got bars lol
all I know is the Buena vista in the SFO united terminal will have a bar stool with my name on it in a few hours
thank you for your follow :D Blessings to you my new friend!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was to thirsty for followers now I see that don't matter
Email Marketing + #SocialMedia #SMM = True Engagement
The moon looks so beautiful right now
"Ultimately, this is a practice in letting go." Thank you, yoga.
i only look good in a couple pics
We are officially a two income family again! This is great since I never became a librarian to support a fam of 4. Lol!
Has way more in common with that you might've thought. And, there's beer. Good to meet u guys
Bingo and then date night with my booski! Much needed drinks:)
haha, same here. What would your song be? I used to think mine shd be Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap.
Im boutta tweet random stuff ...
How Amare get hurt after the game? I think someone is trying to avoid embarrassment. Smh I smell a broom sweepin up knickerbockers.
glad you guys are having fun :)
10 Things You Don ’t Know About ‘We Bought A Zoo ’ Star Matt Damon (PHOTOS) The holiday season always brings about some great famil
yes sir, ryan in nc agrees
Good morning! Mocha Java and House blend brewed today! Got a few fundraiser orders in!
So strange - my students could do similar effects on PP - but they were a revelation in 1977!
Hell yeah n glad of it!! Taught me well rt": have you ever had your heart broken?"
#NowPlaying #Stand I love this song so much!
WHAT? No STREAMING ON 95.5? It's my only way to listen tonight.
How's spring break going? Any big plans?
I'm starting to know the Charlotte airport too well.
yes #bruins won <3344
Jackie Moon: I , Jackie Moon, will wrestle a bear.
Free advice: threatening to write a bad review on TripAdvisor will not result in getting something that is impossible to do, in any event.
I've heard magnesium/zinc supplements(in food state if possible) help as well
Anyone planing a cable protector for the #c300 ? Those two monitor leads freak me out a bit :-/
Who else likes the smell of Rain for some reason?
It's totally understandable that he would cut a deal. Sorry for your loss Doyle.
Happy Easter!!
Congrats to - I think 1300 Fan Pages is a Facebook record. lol
RT About to enjoy two days off in a row? A humble reminder that workers had to *fight* for a 40 hour work week.
,thank you my friend for so many Rts
I do not care if its not freezing. Im always cold. So today im warm and cozy:) #yesh!
#FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA ?they deserved this award for all there hard work?
I hate telemarketers!
I'm always baffled when my mother comes in my room.
I can't stand stupid
wow I mention jb and everyone is after me. Hope all is well Jan!
awh thanks girl. (:
Hi, I was just wondering if you had to call the registration line on your website to register or if you do it through email?
follow me bak !
Whoever invented 'not giving a fuck' is a fucking genius
was saved by my smart phone. Hyatt wanted $15 to scan and email 3 pages. Found a #FedEx store 2 blocks away that did it for $6.
oh forgot you went cold turkey on the cymbalta. Bad idea.
Oh sorry my internet is down. There's a construction going on next to my house, I think they cut my cable off.
“: yessir bringing #PositiveEnergy to the world” Couldn't be more ready to make it happen brotha
Thank you for watching! Blessings!
2 cartons of grape juice instead of 1
The camaro lookin legit right now
On book 6 of the Sookie Stackhouse series! Going through withdraws already! Hope Charlaine Harris writes more quick!
Whoever said "you can't fold a piece of paper in half 8 times" has clearly never seen me wipe my ass with the last sheet of toilet paper.
That awkward feeling when you realize that you somehow inadvertently dressed like Mork today and it's too late to do anything about it.
Last night was insane but so much fun xD
google runs shit. point blank
Cowboys! That is all.
Hello Tweeps, help me s/o Happy Bornday to my fam !
About ready to watch LSU lose!
“: The gym is calling my name, but my bed is holding me captive. #firstworldpains”
Everyone Support Single Release Monday : D ! And Follow Her !!!! Now!
Haha yes lawd! It's def gonna be hard to pull out of the parking lot on Friday..
One must hav a good understanding
you & are all talking on my voicemail lol
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
a lot of them say to just take out the battery which I'm sure you've tried
Ahahahaha. You'll be fine!!! Nothing to worry about. Your life won't be taken from you. Aha! -JChuck
thanks for the mention, if you're still in UWS you should join us for a pickup game or group fitness activity!
Beaverton School levy failing at this hour...This is a district that really supports it's schools. KOIN Local 6 News
Who wants FREE OIL changes? Last Chance 2 hours left one maintenance package remains. Call Tony- (720) 560.1383
I don't like him, but I have a lot of respect for him. Going after Brock even tho his mouth was all bloody was great.
Although I missed start of the speech, so didn't hear this... MT Tells tale of gay soldier who heroically saved a life during WWII
Oh man, LeRoy Bell's voice is so smooth! Now that's talent!
I wasted 15 bucks on the juke box last night just to hear Broken Social Scene and The Smiths play next.
LOVE it. Ps how cool is it that Ohio had 4 teams in the sweet 16
my head spun around so fast i was like WHAT.
Just watched , a doc about Magnetic Fields. Delighted to learn that Stephin Merritt resides in Los Angeles.
hahahaha! Yeah so everytime the women in black popped up id always end up facing the people behind me ! I was SO scared!
. hope the #NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow. I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch
Happy Women's Day!
We're always voted CLE's top Mexican restaurant! We'd love to see you 'aqui'!
Thanks so much. Please spread the good word.
what's your favorite austin cover? (:
lol. Those rap battles are pretty cool. Eminem tore it up.
thanks for the tip! I will try strawb & guava asap :D
still counting down... get ready for sept 26... it's not that far away...
Back atcha! Can't wait to see what's in store for you, lady!
#PerfectGuyForMeIs Someone I can trust
at least they are scoring. Our wings couldnt score on prom night right now
Sometimes I'm just so happy to sit in bed, watch Reno 911,! and eat waffle crisps.
Now that I am starting school again, I might have to leave Facebook. It is a great big distraction (albeit entertaining)!
i am so happy i found on here. it is really her.
Are DMV workers required to hit an "uglify" button before printing out your license? Christ.
Have always been a #Peyton fan, but not a #bronco fan. What will happen to #Tebow?
the worse for us is 2nd Saturday. Bands of drunken a-holes roaming the streets.
I've been telling close friends that it's not really about God, Jesus, or religion; the true battle here is between humans & psychopaths.
New team registration process will be launched for summer 2010 season. This release includes open registration for leagues.
Final game of #ptdka taking less time than I needed to type this.
Ha. I'm watching that too.
