Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day.
Good time at the Rangers game, I am tired though!!!! Going to work last night and working out this morning have me worn out!!!
That awkward moment when your brother twerks better than a black girl. Um..
TIF bonds are between 20-25 years and will be paid off before TIF districts expire.
The Grizzlies trailed by 8 early in the fourth quarter. They made a 12-2 run and came back and beat the Clippers 90-88 to force Game 7.
Always keep your mind focused on the great beauty you provide in your mind body and spirit.
lol I know but it depends on the type of mother you got! A cool one or a stuck up one.
When your sincere in your Prayers it does come true. Okai Haiti
:P Sure.
God Night! :D
Energizer sucks...
I broke my last phone my nigg and i had to get a new one, but its all gravy. The new numba iz 210 730 0456. hit me up bro.
Seeing this century & Carter hulsey on Saturday (:
accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details!
Let's go to the HackStore! :)
ITS RAINING AND I WANNA LAY UP
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: An investing pro worries about housing
what do you got?
#preds with the goal to take the lead!
not sure of the rotation, maybe fall or early winter?
Imperial Debris and Archival Labor; her new book. Complex and brilliant; I made lots of sketchy notes but difficult to tweet!
tx so much!! have a gr8t weekend!
#HeatNation I want something bigger
twitter food trucks? (that picture was from the chicago airport, btw)
A blend of original, traditional and contemporary string music www.daveandsteveduo.com
Nancy Grace rightfully asks "why test strappy heels" for soil from burial site. In any other case, no way. Here, you just never know.
Mos def lil bro. Im very proud of u. Keep up the good work. GOD bless. 100
Giving out my last invitations today.(:
now yer making me blush... :-)
Excited! Beach today, Wendsday, Graduation... Don't want to think of the sad thing that comes rigt afterthough- :/ Anyway 2010! Woo!
“: {Blows a kiss at and } You both just turned all of the men and horny girl on.” Uh, yep! X
Mom's home safe and sound!
Follow me on instagram! :)
Fidel Castro??? You mean Raul..?
Never judge, might even join you. Come here. See the midnight show w/me and a Trekkie to rival
today is #askavocalist and I guess I could answer some of the questions... maybe jump in if time permits!
#neverwilliEVER work another double on a Sunday
Scandal, it's my new fave tv show! Best Friday night OnDemand unwinder ever. Kerry Washington is boss!
What's better to sell things on? eBay or Amazon? and why?
Just got done getting some canvases prepared for boys and girls clubs art workshops next week
just a reminder that we are CLOSED for a wedding today! But we will be ready for you at brunch or Sunday Supper tomorrow!
New song ft cap1 "racks n bands" tune in
No Netflix in Germany is seriously cramping my style, man.
So pretty!
Tonight's the #NetworkEvent - can't wait to celebrate the DC #Jewish community w/ + Ben & Jerrys co-founfer. DM me 2 meet.
RT Never let your memories be greater than your dreams
A real winner is someone that doesn't give up... even when it feels like they are losing...
Bored.....somebody entertain me plz
Write a how-to on formatting for Smashwords, then you'll have accomplished what even Mark Coker cannot. :)
Chris sent me the bottle as a gift.
Perez wasn't that funny on glee...and yes he does look like Frankenberry. Is that cyberbullying?
thank you! And it doesn't matter. :)<3
Doing well! =D
wish i was at yo mama's house
It was Rodney who brought that thunder awesome game Rays Nation!!! #Salute!!
Since the moment I meet u I feel in love .. The kiss u gave make me go in a spell 😍
Hate that- especially when I call and they say,"Well, we were kinda tired today." Too tired to pick up the phone?
BGC Reunion Pt.2 and I'm now seeing it
We think everyone owes themselves a visit to you guys! Thanks for being such a great piece of history.
Sweet Corn Custard with a saute of shrimp, yellow corn and apple smoked bacon with a smoked tomato beurre blanc is the app special tonight!
Post-lunch discussion with coworkers: The Avengers (which I must see), asparagus (the noblest of vegetables) & canned PBJ sandwiches (why?!)
Kashi.. it all tastes like cardboard.
Hey pretty lady
Walla Walla Washington
I cant believe I did that shit lol
Thank you to all of my card sorting participants, the information architecture for my portfolio site is done :)
woot! now let's just hope it can stay that way until about mid June. ;)
Tummy ache.
“High expectations are the key to everything.” – Sam Walton
bless you !
Really likin m.ward lately
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Last Exit to Bacon
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
Funny how at this time of year the days quickly change from being being hot with cold periods to cold with hot periods
that's badass lol wear a lot of sun block :)
Championship week in Las Vegas: WCC Tourney Final tonight, WAC and MWC tourney's start later in the week.
If anyone asks, I have no idea what happened to Ms. Sych's classroom
no problem!
Don't use your voice to perpetuate detrimental bull shit to other people, unless you warn them that that's what you're about to do.
Howard's Business Report: Christine Sakuda (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard talks with the Executive Director of Hawaii Health Information Exchan
Oddly, Dawson Co. Principal Bailey Pope says he didn't expect this topic today. There's a packed house here *only* for jobs conversation.
Killing that Koevermans not more dynamic. Sure, he's opportunistic but offers little else. Might work out best he's out v Santos.
Good Morning - Listening to some Maroon 5 this morning. What are you listening to?
ughh get to it boy!):
I hope he doesn't encourage that nonsense, NYCs industry is inherently inhumane and dangerous.
I would say charles barkley
this idea i like
slept for 15 hours...and still tired.
Your A faggot asshole and "you are dumb"--Bryan
Just did week 5, day 1 of #c25k with !
Awesome! Can't wait to see!
Glad you're coming back!
To whoever just let their dog run wild outside, fuck you. I can't go back to sleep
aha your so nice
I Want To Get Back With Shanley, Ima Ask Her Out On 11-11-11 That Would Really Be Special Day Then
Haven't been on here in foreverrrrre
no it's not i think he's hot
I never ment to disrespect u
Is that a replica of Paul Menard's Brickyard trophy. If not, it should be!!
Cool story hoe, suck it again.
Merry Christmas, Quinton! I hope 2012 is a very good one for you both personally & professionally! :)
So very funny
thanks lady, I need to email you!
RT : #HVSummit sponsored by , and off to great start with keynote speaker Tom Cody.
Wont EVER Catch Me Slippin'!
Mario's pizza is saving my life right now
March Monotony.
you misspelled "everyone's"
Free burger with proof of a Yelp review. Find them at, 6830 S. Yosemite St, Centennial, CO 80112.
Formal sorta sucked for me
Admit nothing Deny everything
alrigggghttty loves. let's gett more followerrs. she said she'll never get followers. NEVER SAY NEVER right? :)
btw, I meant to tell you that the new profile photo looks great!
In Boulder. It's sunny, dry, & in the upper 80s, i.e., close to perfect. Going to do some meeting prep, eat, & then get some needed sleep.
maybe it's unrealistic to expect a "honey, shh, see the college student right there? she's studying"
when you only play one game a week that is just sad
You must've heard or Dave from playing some dubstep! sounded good right??
The only thing that could make me love more is to see him in UK blue tonight.
You cant wife up a stripper. The more permiscuous a woman is, the more jaded she becomes. Its sad, but save yourself fellas.
Im more tired today than iv been in probably a year
The bell needs to ring NOW!
Dear Mr. Governor-Elect, you're making great choices already.
exhausted but i want to shower ugh i got issues
You're saving yourself the trouble of arguing & fighting. Its not about winning & losing anymore. It’s about letting go.!!!
At Bellarmine University. In bright blue pants.
Q - 5 : Good relationships involve risk. Agree or Not?
have you had a Teriaki boy yet? Good stuff.
Do you use props in your practice? Lauren is leading a workshop on Assisted Opening-Techniques & Tools for deepening your practice w/props.
Have a safe and Happy New Year to all out there in twitterland!!
defenitly a beautiful weather GOD BLESS TEXAS!!!!...have a wonderfull Friday!!!!
#ThoughtDuringSchool don't fall, don't fall, don't fall, when going up the stairs 😳
RT: " President ’s announcement is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights"
Way to go Paige! Great chat today.
I don't really like tweeting about writing because it reminds me that I'm not writing.
That's what we in the business call "Snake Oil".
I hope tht u'll see this tweet and follow me♥It's SO GOOD 2NOW THT #MYWORLDTOUR HAS ENDED&I'VE BEEN A PART OF it!Thx so much<3
Tomorrow's the kick off for the traveling exhibit, Key Ingredients: America by Food. Visit the Seminole Nation Museum, Wewoka!
Uhh retire? She is resigning her seat mid-term... that is a bit different that choosing not to run again.
": Thinking of putting in new rule for hiring. First interviewee to show up at time they were scheduled for wins." Sets a high bar
Happiness is seeing at an audition for the first time!
I wanted to teach but the funding dried up. That's why I ran for office.
Ok. To all the students of MHS. Yes there was a bomb threat. BUT THERE IS NO BOMB! Thats why its called a bomb THREAT!
Lionel Ritchie took the top album #1 spot from on the Billboard 200. #nowplaying Tuskegee on
RSVP: Opus Pictures
haha, i know. thats how i work:)
omg thanks!
MY GIRL INDEPENDENT
JavaScript has so much awesome weirdness, it's amazingly flexible in strange and unpredictable ways. it should be called 'bizzaro Scheme'
Brides maid then day rager then night rager... Sb halloween >
Probably on a mission...
Thank you #sfGiants for giving #vinscully a real reason to call pennant race baseball. Great series.
Where is and
good games but I owe you lunch. Sweep and we'll make it Brewers win and you buy the tominator.
Wow, just read your blog post from June 2011: PR tips for indie filmmakers and PMDs. Very informative and helpful. Thank you!
Point shaving was the players not Rupp. As for the racism, you obviously haven't done enough homework on that
Did an amazing album in music.city-Nashville yestaday w Richard Smith the great guitarist.i loved it.ut was crazy&fun but world class.lov t
"On the Road", Kerouac's experimental prose pushed the boundries for writers of all genres. + Beatniks don't get enough love
watching radiohead on Jimmy Fallon, mesmerized. anyone else think thom yorke looks like tilda swinton?
Too bored on a Friday night
you got it...and again Congrats!
Tweet me a # and a question and I'll tell u Wht IB u look good with
#10ThingsIWantToBuy some sort of rights to twitter so the trends wouldn't constantly be shit.
"Let's get someone to take our picture."
Im done with single life.
So slow today. Its probably gonna be busy later today
HEY! HEY! HEY! Yeah! I miss you bunches! WUBS!
got droped in a build today!:/ ouch!!..
i miss
you are my favorite writer and I meant that honestly and earnestly. I love what you wrote today The abyss gazes back.
. The whole idea of a *journal* may not be totally atavistic, but aren't most functions present & improved in bits.
TIME TO SHRED BABY
first off thanks for the love. We saw your tublr page. Second we are fixing our you tube page and will be back soon.
thanks, it should be fun!
phew. i almost sobbed ;)
spoiling others good time is bogus completely
please follow me its my life long dream!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Taught a few things last night. Most importantly she now knows Tupac is still alive.
Do you prefer still photos or virtual tours when browsing the internet?
Do what "Family Guy" does. Throw in some Conway Twitty.
Gracias! It actually comes at a difficult time so good input is double welcome.
ready to start banging on Django again. couple of things to study.
#OnMyVacationIWill still be tap dancing. When you do what you love it's hard to take a day off.
Cat's whole story was completely fake. She would has a huge scar if she had not one, but TWO open heart surgeries.
Someone pinch me. I still live in Austin, right?
Sometimes all you can do is smile. Laugh to hide the pain and shine through all the rain. Stay strong!
Last night, cracked into a dark chocolate egg filled with coconut cream. Mary Sue meets Mounds. Awesome.
Lake tahoe, i love you
good morning! 😄
hey bro wats new for u... What new projects u got coming! Any music?
apparently it's the day to finish teaching and launch into a marathon of battlestar galactica.
NEED PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTION WORK ?? >>>> FOLLOW NOW FOR INTERNATIONAL MOVEMENT
oh stop. you're too sweet
Lol RT : My girlfriend posted on facebook, "Just got my period!" 13 guys liked it ( ._.)
Happy Chinese New Year! Here's to a year of good chi :)
Team America, fuck yeah!
Aww he asked me to prom at my soccer game. & I said yess. <3
I'm not a #glee fan, but I do really like and she's just as vibrant offscreen as she is on! MT
True but often it's the opposite problem - people avoiding intuition & thinking raw data will magically lead to a good solution
apparently not :)
wow, I'm definitley going to go check those out at Whole Foods!
i was at that concert, Young MC was the opener.
I swear everytime I listen to I put my hands in the air & shake my head 
Apparently I'm going to have to wait until I get "upgraded" to IE8 before making a twitter list. IE7 just isn't up for it.
Got to try some tasty lobster crabcakes on today's show, thanks to ! Love the newest issue featuring the King brothers!
I see your flopping issues and high-five tech, and raise you a high-leverage misinterpretation of a clear rule that left the Hawks screwed.
Ya know whenever I see #TeamAustin I think its about me cause thats my name! :) But I am a big fan!
wants big time rush and/or the cast of glee to come to boston really soon on a tour!
damn you cant boo the QB that got you to the dam game. People tend to be stupid as a group.
Good We Look Forward to it! :)
Well, we'll need tunes for the drive back.
I mainly write poetry and short stories, and the occasional song :)
you the best I evaa had
#fattweet lol RT : The ice cream FOREVER ridin past my house when I ain't got NO cash...when they gon start taking debit?? O_o
please follow me<3!
4 screening of #TheWarriors. I really wish these gangs were around when these #hipsters started taking over Brooklyn.
what you been up to fool!
Breakfast in bed! Thanks
Watching Billy Tha Exterminator!! He is Nuts.
Right now I got a Samsung touchscreen one. Doesn't have WiFi and since I didn't pay for Internet service, it's only a phone.
#HIRING a CREDIT ANALYST #NOW Contact me @ 813-207-2871 or send #Résumé to I will pay a referral fee for…
Not at all lol, just gotta state the obvious
I really want a pair of Invisibility Cloaks :[[[
will it evolve to his absence?
Be sure to make it out for our second day of our End of the Year Sale! 25-90% off almost everything!
so as i sit here i wonder what is it that makes everyone so negative about other peoples happiness
Happy Birthday Earl!!! ! we gotta party when we get to Memphis! we're gonna get us some cute sexy guys and go ham lol
RESEARCH TIME: watching the Eurovision 2012 finalists.
Life is what you want it to be
Hoffman: 98% of terrorist websites protected and not discoverable.
localization has gotten much better on the most recent update (thanks!), when're we going to see integration?
It's National Library Week! Celebrate by visitng your local library!
I think I'm gonna go watch this old show my mom used to love I don't know if you guys ave heard of it but it's called "Candy" Lmao XD
have fun
You mean "Gay Marriage Unlikely To Hurt Obama in 2012"
SCOTUS puts off by one week decision on whether to hear Harmon case challenging constitutionality of rent stabilization laws in NYC.
AGREED. Best thing ever invented.
Only you can become the change in the world that you will be.
#IfYouReallyKnewMe : I'm one the sweetest girls you will ever meet but if you backstab me I will become the biggest bitch you have ever met.
Just promise to be nice about my non-compliant CSS.
I have never gotten through security that fast in my life. 10 minutes tops.
Attended a great networking social last night in Silicon Valley. I am also working on my coaching business and my nu music dj mixes
#LowKey scare me
That might be my fav tweet of yours ever
is coming today for the WHOLE WEEKEND!!!! so pumped to hang out with my big sister and Joel!!!
Ah, that's so exciting. Thanks for posting. I need sage lemonade.
aight ill be over in bout 15 min
RT : Rumor has it that was Biden's 10th beer summit of the day. #tcot Beer Summit
good answer! Work is slow... My brain is done until Monday!
Ruby supports different templatting systems, OOTB here we're using "ERB." I think.
Stay in touch new friend! Thx for the RT
or on a beach
I had the classical section @ the tower on sports arena dr in SD. great people there.
Missed you at Aura last night!! Next Wednesday you should come for trivia!
I'm watching a homeless guy play with a kitten and I'm not gonna lie, it's adorable.
Yes you do Nats!!!
I still CANNOT bring myself to watch the NHL playoffs.....
Good riddance! But he should have gotten the max. RT : Bates gives Harry Thomas Jr. 38 months in prison
Agreed. RT : seems that the more we manage our online identities the better our privacy
what ur name
whatever floats your boat Griffin!(:
it seem really fun i went there over break
Do you have your own youtube channel?
study break
☼ No one ever excused his way to success. Dave Del Dotto
well its about time! lol
We need to get this offense back on track. Starting Nate Tice this week.
Can somebody text me
thanks that made me smile. And a lot fewer calories.
I did. Talk to her i'll go and brush my teeth.
RT : All things are difficult before they are easy. - Thomas Fuller
Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon! I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my #MLK Challenge!
Our team is also never intimidated, never self-centered and never naive. After starting 5-8, 2 b here took consistent effort/toughness!
I said it once, and i will say it til the day i croak.. U .. Are.. Amazing. :)
Time Magazine's Top 100 Peeps include Pippa Middleton and Claire Danes. Am I missing something here? Stay tuned 4 more w/
Ms. Bruce. Are you into wine?
Cant wait for to go Live!!!
awww cheer up! how are you doing? how is real life?
My dreams will be sci-fi now.
So amazingly me out of all people. Decided I'm not going out once again tonight. So if u want 2 low key it hang I'll be here at the
Really glad to be sponsoring the event today in SF, see you there if you received an invite!
Sorry to hear that Cyndee...any constructive criticism we can pass to our chef team?
RT : Challenge plot Connection plot Creativity plot What are the components of a story?
glad it's going smoothly for you so far :)
The Lilac is pretty but I have to get the Candy Corn Soap Slice...too cute!!!
How are we awake/alive?
High speed sorting enables customer's mail to be delivered to USPS the same day of mail pickup. AMS 505-899-3104.
Holy shit there's still another qtr of this garbage.
it's okay now you can get some sleep! :) <3
THEN YOU NEED TO PLAN A TRIP FOR REAL!!!!! and as for you going to vegas this weekend...IM JEALOUS
oh smdh! Well I still got my text lmao
I think I feel like periwinkle today. Even the name sounds silly.
Kelly Rowland is ridiculously underrated
That girl from johns creek>>
you just came up in a Q&A at #sls12 - the question was flattering.
"yes they deserved to die and I hope the burn in hell" Mathis playing taboo during family game time
Audition on saturday ,,,Hm fingers crossed
Looks like NZDUSD is heading for the 7740 lows.
Fun #dc #ff RT : Be sure to follow our amazing General Manager of the Hay-Adams this #FollowFriday!
And we need a day called Social Media Day exactly why?
I'll wear my dress flip-flops. RT : But keep flip flops. Business suit and flops ...now THAT'S an office statement!
C'mon Hoosiers! A W tonight would make for a great end to this weekend.
This girl is asking me for everything! Gum, lotion, phone. Damn what else you want!!!
Happy Birthday to !!!
Excited for tonight's panel discussion and to hear great local talent.
I don't have it on repeat but I've been repeating the song the whole day today lol “: lol I have it on repeat.”
i cant im on jordans ipod:)
We're honoring Mom this week w/ 20% OFF all Regular Priced Women's Apparel online & in store!
Its freezing in this claas room.
Sorry if I'm making your notifications go all bug nutty. Keep forgetting the hashtag.
I don't agree with that at all, unless you're writing romance novels, I guess... is that what Nora does?
Took a Tylenol PM that never kicked in...AC is borken....that about sums up this weekend...work on 2 hours of sleep should be fun tomorrow
They need to simmer down
Things right now couldn't be any more perfect (: happiest I've ever been
great great, about 2 weeks out and ready to fight! How you been? Getting ready for anything?
good morning everyone [:
Help for Haiti current Auction: Front row loge tix to MUSE tickets for the Garden, $100 to Marco Cucina, and a night at the Ames Hotel..
Veteran's Day thought: many online students I have taught were deployed. Online learning allows us to serve them while they serve for us.
The #HIMSS12 expo just opened! Visit us in booth 4635 and see how we help you obtain meaningful use and address the hybrid workflow!
man u aint bout that life
Have a great time! Thanks again for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such a wonderful event!!
I've quit drinkin after years of problems nd I smoke cigarettes, I know you're straight edge, any advice?
what do you not understand
If Every Nigga Went By My Last Retweet I Swear Shit Will Be Straight..
I-NEED-FOLLOWERS-RETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Heed the still small voice that so seldom leads us wrong, and never into folly.Marquise du Deffand
July 1. 1979 - Sony introduces the first 'Walkman'.
First George Clooney, now SJP. Based on this trajectory, by October it'll be lunch with one of those twins from The Shining.
Seriously..it is IMPOSSIBLE to catch up on e-mail. I've been at it for 2 hours & have barely whittled them down. Help!
This week's B&Z MVP for the #Brewers: Ryan Braun. Since this week never happened, we will not speak about any more however.
The best part of the hackathon this weekend might be the breakfast being provided by
Cheese and chocolate! yum yum
RT : To be successful, we should make the "must" of our life the "most" of our life. --Paraphrased, G Campbell Morgan
It was prob. Rihanna's (didn't realize how similar since I know ur version better). ;-( I was hoping they were featuring locals.
dear Houston, I will see you at the end of this month. w00t!
I'm going with options 1 and 3
T minus three hours til show time!
Found out what I'm gonna do for 420 again this year. at ucf just like last year, smoking out the building
Came wit ur shit on point or kp it moving to the next chick that's on that lazy shit like U.....
I had a great ass work out :D
Does anyone actually know what James Harden's face looks like? Does it exist?
Small grandson, upon hearing Spring Break is over, 'Oh, no! What happened to our nine days?!!'
Spring is almost here. Remember to do your spring dental cleaning!
it feels like i'm running longer and farther by measuring in kilometers! ;)
follow pleasee!! #TeamFollowBack and I will
Happy New Year to you, Liz!
GOOD MORNING ALL :)
I kind of miss the "young adults on 4-loko" nightlife of 2009-2010
I MISS YOU MORE <3 (;
Hey great followers. Please follow my personal account for a little more interaction. will be sure to cheat with ya!
not tired...can't sleep.
Bunnies nachos Cindy! <3
#timewarnercable thanks for the 170$ credit, free #HBO + #showtime. Fuck my account up again please, I want more #freeshit. :)
Bad storms tonight! Stay safe <21
Everyone should check out new music vid. Or if you havent already, check out the band!
You too, Cheryl! Thanks!
Great deal! RT : Come to the North Park Farmers' Market today where 94.9 FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft...
Glee makes me cry
Happy Easter! :-)
Hey Duke.....look what Brown did to you!
Joey is having tummy trouble again. Could it be the organic, cage-free chicken strips he loves? Too healthy? I joke, but I'm worried.
I spent 4 years in Iowa as a college student. Similar madness.
Why do people find me such an easy target to bully?
Lotta people hate, but AMEN Rich! ": Love Joe Buck. What a dream to be able to pay tribute to your dad like that. He nailed it."
Big event @ #Pop Burger located at 83 University Place, #NYC... tag along for #great food and #good company.
One day my prince will come...and he'll at least be a cartoon that's supposed to be a human, not a robot.
Made sludge bars last night, and half of them are already gone. Come get some today!
A good day at NetTel: having a strong week, and going to charge through today!
Done with school for the year!!!! Play Time
SCOOTER ENT 2MORROW DOORS OPEN HOSTED BY W/ R.I.P SCOOTER
This weather is so fabulous!!!! I hope everyone has an amazing and safe weekend!!!
I'm sure he's fine. You guys were so cute, but I wont mention it, k? :)
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Hope you liked it. Thanks for the mention! RT : im gonna read ur construction article a little later!
I just made a hot date with I'm so fucking excited.
did you know today is national pb&j day? celebrate with where they are $3 all day long!
Go G-Men!
looking forward to your order- shampoo is sold out so body wash and 3 in 1 are available only
: take advantage of geo for ease of user access; esp. for retail
why can't i retweet this?!?
swerve . swerve .
Eghh. Getting tired of these same dreams.. really needs to stop.
That is a curious rewriting of history, suh. Please proffer your evidence for such a claim.
*Waves really hard* to all who have recently joined my page! *Big ole cupcake smile*
my other line rang, then then I went to get something to eat
Morning all. Happy Friday :-)
My hunch about me and twitter was right: while I now like it, I have no time to actually look at it! Except now, bored at the airport...
I could use a back massage right now
hahaha oh i see (:
Happy friday everybody!!!!!
I am already!
Preferences for iPhone/iPad dictionary app with etymologies?
Hey , how about u guys interview ! Our editor is her publicist we can set it up! Check out her song #SaveTheWorld!
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal. ~ Martin Luther King
I wish bitches would stop telling stories about their experiences. I'm here to learn about and leave. Now about your life. #ok?
Faculty are people too.
bro you are spamming the hell out of me. Check your account!
Lets go to my house, makeout,eat some peanut butter,tacos, and play guitar that'd be pretty damn gnarly. (;
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free Sprinkler with a $50 purchase! (Riverwest)
he has been snowboarding
RT : Today marks the start of our Governors Education Symposium, co-hosted by
I love that THE AVENGERS now has so many people calling others "mewling quims" although enjoy it for now, before it gets old.
is tonights game going to be on tv or online?
plot twist liam is actually a 4 year old girl. oh wait
I have multiple iCloud calendars on one account. When I get an invite it goes to "work". How do I change default?
Hope to see u one day sir, we got a lot to talk about. Just dont overdress in a suit or nothing. I prefer a shot of Patron
Hi ass
I need to travel..
I bought a crystal jar at the Savvy Fox boutique today. Joke on them: it's for condoms. Joke on me: there's nobody to bang where I'm living.
It's funny to me ... When someone says they don't like getting disrespected!!! Welp learn to respect others than foo
on using data in K-12 "We’ve been so focused on gaining data that we’ve moved our whole model to a multiple choice model.”
North Shore here we come w/ !
Wow this guy is stupid he gets beat by his girlfriend who looks like Rick Ross, and she cheats on him and hes like ily bb ily
I was just as concerned with an Agger injury. /knocks on wood
I don't understand -- is Modern Family set in the year 2014? So who won the election, then?
oh yessssir! Lol but bout to go catch the Heat game but when I get back we can run it fam
Radio disney lol
That had a tinge of GARBAGE to it,
Friends don't let friends cheer for Shittle.
haha thunder/lightning has that effect/affect.
#ireallywant these so called real people to stop acting so fake. . .
No Braun at Fan Fest? / an MVP in hiding / is not a good sign
Welcome Ava & Lyle!!!!!
Why isn't Inge in the lineup?
On my way to deliver a #Fletcher2012 sign to a Carlsbad woman who wants to sign wave in #SanDiego. Awesome supporters from all over!!!
you are doing amazing stuff for lupus on here. Wud u make a post on LFA DMV Facebook? We'd love if u did, reply & we'll chat
Dear old men, stop peddling generalized advice about women based on your scripted marriages my way. I'm a fag with a fantastic boyfriend.
With all the support of from this city it's too bad the Timbers suck.
Saw tweet from that said "Apply now" receives twice as many applications as "Join us" Can you share source?
.....im feeling some type of way
Sure thing! U have never let me down. Ur an amazing singer and artist so will check it out as soon as i finish having dinner with husban ...
Saw A hot guy running outside my window... ...FRIDAY WERE SEARCHIN CP
Does anyone know any SVP Creative/UX in NYC?
Rt : The way #NewHampshire coverage is building, wondering when someone will do a live blog about our live blog about blogs and tv.
how r chu
Seriously, last night's show was the best one I've ever seen. You've got to have Tilly & Turner on more often!
Fairfax County Police say good witness information helped them track #roadrage suspect SUV to SW DC. Jay Korff has details on ABC7News
It's going to be a great day at
RT : Oh Sarah - I miss you so much :)
My "who the heck are you" circle is enormous... time to delete Google+?
are you with Coach Lucas?
I think my favorite part of this tweet is how it SUDDENLY hit you. Like, a slow subtle realization of the true nature is bogus.
umm yeah a concussion and dehydration:/
hey, when I saw u at lunch & u said I never tweet u? #BOOM!! Now, what? :)
I'm doing great, still styling hair! How about you??
that's right, the augusta Beavers are in a roll! Time to take out one of the private schools on Thursday!
why is it that at the end of summer that I start getting severe allergies?
i feel your pain ;(
thanks for the post ladies!
creator of Community, just endorsed the VCR based game NIGHTMARE. If you know me well, you can imagine how big my grin is.
Alexa & her father have a fan here lol
I did that about 8 times.
Dang it ! Little kids in my subdivision get me every time with their cute lemonade stands ..
He's a gunner in the runner world. "Oh, I ran 30K in 2 days. So crappy." The rest of us would say STFU to that.
Me: "This fanbase account, was here for years".. My twitter: "Gosh, I'm old" ;]
ahh no u wont and in ur case a zombie is cute
Turn on channel 33 and educate yourself
I will figure it out boo ;)
Has a 15-1 team ever not won at least one playoff game? I mean, other than today?
chillen with my sister like the good old days ☺❤
Looking forward to seeing the TRUE LIGHT!
Bout to go toe to toe, blow for blow
when dragons are purple, they burp oil bubbles. true story.
you make it sound so horrible!
I know, I hope more people take a second look at these amazing animals! Also happy that people w/out the means might have a
Stop in and see us!
It's my fucking book, I bought it, you have NO fucking right to tell me who can and can't read my book.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
I'm ambivalent about hunger strikes. In a way, you're doing the oppressor's job for them.
Finally I have finished my last passage, so now I can get some rest :)
Ordered a couple of design books. Yes!
Come on crew lets catch fire!
What's sad is that I'm sitting at Sang's house, drinking hard cider, eating sour belts, and playing Angry Birds and Hanging with Friends.
She look a lil too fishy for me
Hi from NYC!
Laying out in the SoCal sun with and enjoying this beautiful Sunday afternoon.
Getting ready for my first screening tonight!!!
Typing a tweet in Twitter for iPhone just to see what it's like.
Thanks, man. We already have Elevation Burger, Smashburger, Five Guys, Whole Foods. You'd be perfect here.
No love flow from :(
How old are you? and you are really cute.
thanks for following! How did you hear about me?
When choosing who to hire you should really consider the size of the employees bladder
mane a nigga tired as hell but what don't kill me gon make me stronger
HALF ROASTED DUCK blueberry demi glace, baby vegetables, seared greens
no but it looks dope! If you go I want to come with you!
#Jazz game set to tip off in 20 minutes. I know it's still #Twolves excitement for next year but at least it's not on Draft Lottery day.
I hope people see who's also in the Gessen arrest video, in the green jacket. Now sharing a cell. It's a truly satisfying treat.
- how is it we aren't following each other....
Working again, thanks!
On a resume: looking for what you specifically did and what results came from that....We love numbers!
Bhahah, Oh yeah you know im So fake;) Darn this bitch caught me:P or not #SOFUNNY!
We're now at the Lair Marketplace on campus -- swing by for a !
I wish I could forget some things off of my mind for good, it'd make life so much easier.
can't believe how fast this day is flying..maybe because i finally was given something to do at work!
i doubt that you would ever see this but, i had this dream about you. seems hard to believe but, it seems like real.
Good day everyone! FDI Youngevity will be having an upcoming event (Super Saturday and Training this Saturday Oct. 1, 2011 , NC.
dealing w/ bureaucracy. Oh the joy of working for the govt.
Face Off is a fabulous Friday night date movie.
Patio party was great yesterday. Next Sunday the sauce patio party blow out. Open today for lunch and beer.
that's awesome - i may have to steal that
Happy birthday to my boy ! Hope it's a good one!
Come & put your naame on it .
No!! It looks lovely as it is!! :)
Happy New Year all- may 2012 be your best year yet!
what are you reading?
Flight is finally takin off! Thank ya jesus!...my last tweet in AZ!
We must have the same celebratory mind! #Woohooo!
I was wondering why at half mast! You are a key source for critical info....
ill come visit you! Ha
NBA sources say Larry Bird has told Pacers owner Herb Simon he will not return next year as player personnel boss.
hahaha! “: BREAKING: Stanford kicker Jordan Williamson just received a full scholarship offer from Boise State.”
Well I don't hate or love him. I'm neutral. I don't think he's gay or normal. I think he's bi.
Won't have my phone. So I won't e able to tweet, Facebook, or blog. 💔 My mom is putting me thru hell 😰
Tenley kids run DC. Know it and respect it
Happy Birthday brother!
yes they did
Our likes from 720 to 315 last night :(
Bernards: Hybridity presumes non-hybrid people and privileges "Third Space," but creaolization presumes mixture as shared norm.
how about being more constructive rather than just plain rude? You used to have class now you're kind of just
Thanks for joining us for our first workshop of the semester!
- Unlike Gov. Johnson Obama's support of marriage equality was merely a campaign strategy to regain the youth vote.
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!
still have the Ft. Worth Star-Telegram with the bloody lip and the Robin V head-lock.
Volunteers needed at the Silent River Film Festival in Irvine, CA. Internship positions available. Contact
Thanks for following back, Miranda. Welcome!
Ah okay I'm done.
Is it bad that I'm ready to go to bed already and it's only 8:15pm and still light out?
My own son passed when he was very young but I'm blessed with a terrific stepson &will be seeing him tomorrow for Moms Day.
I cannot understand why universities can cite budget cuts to increase tuition rates at the same time that they are building new buildings.
Am I being a clingy person, if so...I'm sorry!
showers? we off that !
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes there are to make in a narrow field.
Wedding.books or not.
Did you watch the three-part "Nature" series on whales/dolphins recently? It was well done, I thought!
Please watch these in order, and tell me which one is better...you probably need to watch about :30secs of each to get the gist of them...
that's interesting. will check it out.
#Caps Backstrom on playing under Hunter "I like the way we play"
god dude, please let me cost host that shit if u do..
People are still saying swag?
don't want to be spoiled, but I love Parks and I can't fathom what it could be that would make you cry! E!
or where u at now?
Wow, what is going on>
Group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks - make the point about them taking control of the learning process.
Events in LA?
how are you
Weather like this makes me hate Ohio!!!!
1 more day till greatest #wisports weekend of my lifetime.
I wish there was a thai place in the 'hood! I have a hanker'n for Pud Thai.
Damn Tomorrow Is My Last Day In Cali #Fuck -.-
Ended @ 93 cappers posted and a consensus from their pks on Ky & Ov at the end..See ya @ the window
Milwaukee, get ready. Cities will burn, mothers will lose children and trivia will happen. 7pm tonight, at Red Dot. Get your Schlitz on.
very true
What'd you think of his performance during the Celebrity All-Star game? We were pretty impressed actually.
YES GOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!! Amazing!!!
I'm actually gonna check out flight right now!!
my ps3 pog username is paperboat
As a mother of a Dino Dan fan, I know more about Compsognathus than I ever thought possible.
8 followers away from 100!:D
My friend / fellow basketball official buys stolen officiating things.
Never make the same mistake twice
all of us need to have a dinner date,soon ☺
I have a friend who saves every time the song he's listening to changes.
if anyone needs a DJ or host around the city...let me know!!!!
Now what u think we moved for, to see kids get killed in a school zone.
Dude! Like Hi !
Still not feelin' to good :/
I personally don't believe in same sex marriage, but I don't want my beliefs to be imposed on other people's lifestyles.
Oh ok ... who u think I am
To be honest I always thought the hills was never a reality show to me it felt like a scripted tv show with a whole lot of drama
Might be catching some trains later, but we'll see for when they show up
thanks love you to!
Nice, good luck! This for the TSG blog?
Cant sleep ! Uh !
did you do the PowerPoint too?
4 out of 10 people who received promotional marketing gifts recalled the advertiser's name even 6 months after they have received the gift.
Enjoyed and learned during your Mindfulness,Compassion & Self Compassion Retreat today. Became more aware of that "moment".
This kid is dumb my he says my mom left my ass in 95 too bad she died when I was 4 in 99 haha dumb
Miguel already shot a video for quickie rocsi .
Thank you for helping me now own 22% of the 2013 draft
Moore - across subgroups of vulnerable youth such as foster youth, court involved -- need for education in all.
not nes a paid job, although that wld be nice, I'd like any opportunity to get clippings on my belt...
"take risks if you win, you will be happy if you lose, you will be wise." hit me back for more.
me too even tho he was trash in Houston
Happy Halloween!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
A freezer full of rotten meat fell off the truck, splashing me with the foulest of perfumes.
Somehow you need to get to event horizon of black hole where time as almost stops:-)
Hopefully you meant Friday! I am around tomorrow after 10am. Feel free to stop by!
Wed could be huge!
I may chirp about mine at some point, but I'm not sure yet. q:
"wait, a vampire cannot enter a room unless invited" #law&order
Getting excited for trivia :30 and you should be too!
chea! Luce blue is awesome late night!
is the ONLY nigga that can get me out a bad mood.
Dan Duquette is to Boston Red Sox as Andy MacPhail is to Chicago Cubs.
Blake I'm in jail:/ thanks
Just checked it on my phone. I'll will play your recording on my computer in the morning. Much appreciated! PapaEdd
Dressed up as a dorky #HarryPotter for Halloween! we :D
Hope to see some of you tonight at Outpost 186 in Cambridge!
It's all kids all morning at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's & 3's at 1030!
"omg, pls let me date them, dey r such qt's omg" ;)
Make sure you're at the fest in May to see our client get an award!
#questionsihatebeingasked Is the #achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st? Answer: Yes. We know from experience.
I don't think so. And they charge you for a couple months after you cancel, so cancel early if possible!
some type of Asian food?
I know! I'm stil in Portland slaving away. Ya know. Stupid adult crap. What's up with you? Still in CA?
I have the best girl friend in the world!!!
Sadly, lost in the good Fringe news is the reality that this is the end of the line for Alcatraz.
I've been there a few times. I'll give it a chance. I just love all that we already have here.
My sister is so careless and stupid. I just want to smack her sheesh
We can't wait to hang with you at #SXSW! See you soon!
FOLLOW ! HE'S SINGER, HAS BARELY ANY FOLLOWERS, & IS REALLY CUTE (:
I've watched Boston a lot. KG is playing well, but they're being overrated drastically.
I'll follow you if you follow me. Deal?(:
words can't describe how I feel
got antsy. bought plane tickets. I'ma coming back. start saving for food. and maybe a hang glider.
RT : "You will always harvest what you plant" (Gal 6:7) // Why not plant the good stuff?
In shock. Whitney Houston was one of the greatest singers this world has ever heard. RIP
That smile of yours<3
Life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know what your gonna get.
Slow down your 'thinking rate'. We think at 500 words a minute and talk at 150..That is why our minds wander. Stay focused
don't know which makes me more angry. Bad if he believes what he's saying, worse if it's just $?
My boyfriend tells me e loves me every second :3 i repay him with telling him how much I love ;) oh I'm horrible
your colleague has a great sense of Spirited humor.
Greetings - Hope to see you at our first lecture of the series on Wednesday with Peter Gluck !
#milwaukee We gave the Label printer a break today. Re-pricing products throughout the store! #competitive We aren't stopping!We offer more
Ya pants are mighty fitted, uhh damn!
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this one got hacked
congrats! Also, what's one month anyway? pretty sure everyone following this is in for the long haul...
Feeling fat is a situation that can be remedied. Diet, exercise & self acceptance- just for starts.
I hate being sick, and I hate being in school T.T
People who think they have it all figured out annoy me. No lessons 2 learn or experiences to have, why bother waking up?
i dont think your name is Julia...
Sorry we've been so slow lately guys, these past few months have been very fast going and we will try to post mote stuff soon!
your abs thoooo >>>>
Just checked the USPS tracker and they should be there very soon! Had to redo the entire shipment because of label errors- Blah!
Wishing you the best at Future City Competition in Washington DC. We are proud of you and the students.
hahaha Andrew was right behind me with his dad in the car! Bahahaha
Gr8 time!!! Would LOVE #discount coupons! RT Hope U had gr8 time & a wonderful Mothers Day! TY for visiting :)
Uh, not really? He could have supported a week ago, possibly helping the NC amendment fail?
Downtown bound. I don't know why I'm doing this to myself again, but here's to spontaneity.
oh not you too.... RUMOR. FAKE RUMOR.
lol I'll do better next time
You're the reason I hate everyone.
I was pretty sure I made this temporary, but I guess its permanent. Smh
Fuk love I'm done tring
I'll just keep tweeting it until it sinks in. RT No fear. No expectations.
Very much so, like one of my dream jobs - I sent in an application today.
you comin to West Memphis vs marion game?
drake is fake. pass it on
Ricotta cheese: not an obvious choice for pie filling, but somehow so right.
Space shuttle Discovery taking final voyage — to the Smithsonian
Larry Brown would rather be the Head Coach of SMU over the GM of the Blazers? Doesn't bode well for the GM search.
I will be in the Greater Atlanta area today selling my book, if you would like a copy, text, tweet, or however we communicate, let me know!
When a dark skin man insists on only dating light or white women so that he can have light skinned babies to brag about what does that mean?
Great Mother's Day Brunch from 11 am until 2:30pm, 18.95 for adults, kids under 12 half price, kids under 4 FREE.
The countriest of bumpkins.
Any predictive graph on what it will look like under new French, Greece governments?
if you say emmure is even good then you're so wrong.
Woah ... ... ESPN have a stylist or something? If you are going to wear a bow tie make sure it's tied properly.
Is this true more often than not? #truth RT : I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.
Thanks for the follow John. Happy to have your students crowdfund for capital!
okay sorry I love you & you know I'm here.
The awkward moment when two people are taking pictures of you and you don't know which camera to look at...
Well that touches on our state / governance rights and for getting big brother off the backs of our local agenda
Isn't about 80% of Sweden nonreligious?
Oh that would be all kinds of hilarious.
try this: cup some water with your hand and bring your eye to it. start blinking and move your eye in circular motion.
memorizing my own scribbled lyrics for tonight's gig at the Underground.
Federal hill Clinton o'malley rally; cmon down!
Great quote from the Founder of Big Spaceship speaking of design execution: What separates good from great is that last 10% of polish.
that's our obsession
ha so not really
the live footage ive seen gives me a good idea of how crazy his shows are
If I'm lucky this weekend, I'll get to see Real lucky.
I feel like people have this fantasy idea that a "perfect relationship" just comes to you.. No, it's the furthest think from easy
I'm in a 3.6-4.0 tennis league & lost my 1st match 6-4,6-2. Hoping to improve, win some matches so I can talk shit on twitter.
"I'm digging through data..." sung to the tune of "Dig For Fire" by The Pixies. I love
Wanna share ur story of how God has used in ur life for Central's 50th Birthday? Just email it to mystory
Man sorry 2 say it But Mir doesn't have a chance against Dos Santos his wrestling isn't good enough 2 take him down and on the feet U KNOW!!
That discussion is exhausting. Burn it to the ground and don't look back
bout time, lol.
A liberal-arts education is supposed to provide you with a value system, a standard, a set of ideas, not a job
lol find me at school & i'll tell you!
You are welcome!!! Wishing you all the best!!!
I also got a 45 of "Feel A Whole Lot Better" by The Byrds with alternate vocal, and used stuff: dB's, Costello, Hitchcock...
Ladies gotta get ready for the show!
"In love you need to take a leap of faith"
why are you still an egg?
It's whatever happened to that toy lol can't wait for your show in Detroit!
Established and licensed places in New York City have complied [with curfew laws] without griping, grousing, complaining or whining. [1945]
Nap Time!
Gotta surround myself with strong individuals.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
Thinking about writing a book.. titled "Nice Guys Finish First" or "Death of the Hard Sale"
Join us and DJ Jucee Liu from tomorrow at 1pm for our #ProjectStyle kick-off!!'
Ducks pp just not clicking tonight. Probably the shotty ice
I shouldn't be up this early on a Saturday...
How do you count? In English or Spanish? They are saying that it determines in which language u are really thinking!
Yes - sorry. I sent it from the app, and my editing of the standard pitch was lame. But the app is cool. And free.
A Taste of Ireland and Rededication Ceremony for Leahy-Holloran Community Center
I don't remember Brian. Anything you can share or link to in regards to what I'm guessing was a failed entry into fashion by AMZN?
We do what we can. :) Thanks again for flying with us.
Great game, #Celtics! Congrats to Rondo on passing Oscar Robertson on the playoff triple-double list!
:) There is always a need for MOAR DATA!
I absolutely love & adore you with all my heart & if you would follow me id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333
OH HOW AWKWARD
Cross: Constitutionality? Corporation counsel: We think there are ways to defend. Protects pensions & makes sustainable, doesn't "impair."
leave for Cali in 3.5 hours. Not even close to being ready. Ah... no sleep for me.
don't buy cheap paint either. I made that mistake once. Had to repaint. I feel for ya. Painting sucks. Goodluck!
I think I know a handful of people that could use your services lol.
Who is the fifth spice girl? No one can remember....
BANDWAGON ALL YOU WANT just don't try to school the people who actually know and care about the team. That's what gets me.
#teamfollowback shut the fuck with that please
Is it possible to have a weaveless casting session n LA, no offense just asking? 4 days of auditions & everybody looks the same no variation
that's good :)<3
We missed you JD!
Meg and I are heading to LA this summer -- I'm joining the faculty at USC. Go Trojans! (Except when they're playing UT.)
not sure how i'd feel about the contract, but he's one of the most entertaining players in the game.... have fun watching!
any sign of the BEBE
She's giving her self respect up now too
break a leg! or a toenail...
#lifeclasspoll YES (I know I'm late!)
- My workload has doubled, so I'm only maintaining. Can't wait to go full blast on BEASTMODE once again.
No matter what they say, no matter what they do --- Let it go.
When you've said all the lies you can but none of them make sence thats when yu know its
Who said i cant be single and have to go out and mingle<3
So freaking tired
Are you ever going to sell snowballs?
Yup, both HS & college! Do it :)
#Swishers CHECK #Drank CHECK #Wings CHECK #Charcoal CHECK !!!LETS GO #GRIZZLIES... Taking All Bets B4 #Tipoff MoneyTalks BullshitMute
yayayayayayayay!!!! I'm so excited!!!! I jus want to hug and kiss him!!! aawwwwww
made with our fresh lime sorbet, covered in chamoy and chile candy powder!
Yes, yes--I meant CHEESEHEADS (*$#!@ keyboard!)
well, I can't argue, David has been a good name for me. :)
#Knicks rolling right now! J.R. smith doing some great work out there
Gonna post the next part!
And a few years ago they wanted us not to have a NBA team?
Foggy, yes. But beautiful all the same. Where is that exactly, Eileen?
Bout to get up on my Sleep Shit!
Getting my hot yoga in this AM in order to clear my head. , where you at?
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC & LA know of any candidates? Please send resumes to #
I've been told to expect more leaking upon landing. Delta sure knows how to show a girl a good time. :)
please follow she is you biggest fan!78
same here.
the first dude was symbolizing myself the ratchat females was next then my friends and fam was last
Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass
We wanna hear your New Year's Resolutions! @ us now for $5 driving & you'll be entered to win a getaway to later!
you rlly need a profile picture
Great launch of Cast's seminar "Team Dynamics: Resourcing for Success" for KIDP in Boston.
hi there
you.. jejemon -_- you should read it = FOREVER = 4ever
journalism is SO meta
oh ok me I'm class history I'm so bored ... !
Want my nails done!!!!!!!
How about a CherryBear Claw!! It's a Flaky bear claw filled with cherries!!!
once in english, once in italian
never to early!
#Cutler is a bitch
I ain't seen murry in a min thoe
haha love it
I was Born this way bitch!
lol grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
imma drive by and laugh at you.
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
hell yes
testing again
are you going to make #shaggfest an annual event?
Broadcasting from bed... Trying to let this little bug run it's course.
Sorry, is a bad (AWESOME) influence
Indians cruising in this game..
Working in the booth till 9pm. Wish me luck being an announcer is not my thing but whatever gets me work.
First couple of seasons are really good... then it begins to feel like a political soap opera. Picks back up near the end though.
Tonight -> Tony Wight -> Document. Not necessarily in that order.
How can you take off from where you are? Learn how with
I thoroughly intend to do just that. Along with a savory crimplene blouse. (Neighbour borrows clothes -- not sugar :-)
know any research on model school-community center collaberations? Specifically focused on academic #collab?
What factors do filmmakers weigh when determining whether or not to hire an attorney in connection with the financing of a project?
7-4 fat "L". Gave up four points in bottom of eighth. Baseball games are nine endings.
Christy Walton, world's richest woman, worth $25 billion - which she inherited after her Walmart-heir husband died. It pays to marry well!
Hey Springfield MO folks! Clear your schedule for 6.21.09. It's the Summer Solstice, and we've got the whole day taken care of for you. ;-)
i look nuthin like him who is he
Today is Human Trafficking Awareness Day so be aware that if you are not careful..they can get away.
I do this all the time!
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
haha thank you
Thanks again for the mention!
Anyone who thinks Hitchens was only good for polemics ought to read the tender, heartbreaking 1st chapter of HITCH-22, on his mother.
black :) they look SO cute on me. My friends were like OMG get them u look adorable! How could i resist? Lol
Keynote Session with presenter Brad Wheeler begins at 8 am in Grand 1-4.
Were working on many rad ladies designs today. Super comfortable soft and flowing designer tanks & shirts, perfect for summer. Ideal fit. 😉
Evans from had best doo at Albuquerque Regional
sounds good haha
Hope and patience are two sovereign remedies for all, the surest reposal, the softest cushions to lean on in adversity. --Robert Burton
I just can't stop listening to Kidz Bop 19 by Kidz Bop Kids!
I'm already eating my lunch....
Join Us Feb. 23 Elementary for our Black History Exhibition for student performances! Also AT&T to present ULEC with $10K check!
so is the official account of Nate Buzz?i love him,,why isn't his account verified though?
What has happened to the #Saints ability to tackle this evening?
When I Get Rich, I'm Make A List Of Hoes That Talk To Much & Just Throw Money In They Face One By One So They Could STFU.
in my day thieves were more ambitious. Get of my lawn.
my thoughts exactly!!
Star of RATLINE became a mommy this morn! Stella Lucille Williams was born, 6lbs 14oz. Congrats to Em & hubby !
Does the club still feel like an expansion team?
got to part 3 I'm addicted.
": Join Gary Danielson for a live #collegefootball video chat how much was Gary paid for the T. Richardson infomercial?
Thanks, Megan!
Good job! That means dinner's on you
Perfect! That's a great combo!
We love your holiday card! Thank you!
hey :) You just go into settings and add an image from your computer as the back ground image.
Hey everyone, lets welcome "A Fall To Break" to our page!
My mobile phone number is changing to a local DFW area code soon. I'll keep the appropriate people posted.
I'm fantastic! thank you so much, you too! :)
None of these guys can decide which programs they support funding/increasing while making major cuts.
PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER
Eric- just sent you an email to applenorthshore... you can probably guess what for... :-)
I keep getting taunted by "deal" emails for hotels I can't even afford at half price. Sigh.
Decentralized social media account control is not scalable, hard for all internal parties to connect properly.
I can't tell if I should laugh or call for help for this guy
In heaven :)
Consumers Like Online Shopping Better Than In-Store...
His license plate scraped a decent gash in the right front fender. Minor cosmetic issue so I told him not to worry about it.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone says "I'm mad at you and I ask them why and they say "I'm not telling you"
Don't miss it! You have only 5 days left.
#AGuyShould never lie to a his girl cause eventually he will get caught for what he did!
First tweet!
Awkward eye contact with a pigeon. Guess that's what you get when you're randomly sitting on the street in the city
looks much better than mine :)
Right back atcha, KA! will be the bomb-dot-com. So glad you will be there, too!
I wanna hit the studio and work hard all day
hopin can't read this tweet right now. make sure he can't walk before the night is over
I want to get to 2000 followers !!!!!
lol I'm surprised we still up?
#BUZbuz TIP: If you wanna getBUZd by game targets, engage them meaningfully. Ask them a question. Reply to a tweet. Be creative and WIN!
Sansome and Pine today, 11:30-2. Hot pies. Get some lunch!
#Lakers Get your asses to the finals already :-)
Great my fever is back
Installed a new Linksys 4200 router tonight and all my wi-fi problems are solved. After 3 years it was time for Netgear to go.
$426.17 in ld phone charges overnight, only place that could have taken my card in last 90 days, House of Nanking, visited last night.
Heading to for the first time tonight!
Don't make decisions just because you're angry, and don't make promises just because you're happy.
I had a pair of those from limited too when I was younger. Yet were hot pink
At the Madhatter in DC enjoying some delicious happy hour appetizers
Pee Wee Herman?
man everything in order. jus bad timing
I need sum gift cards asap
haha well this week was just an idea it can be when ever.. only reason i said this week is because we have a fashion show.
Watch this completely backfire into my face o_O
What should I get for lunch
Well the boot stays for another month
Alright #brewers! Three more outs!!!!
sick at home :/
You'll be bffs again tomorrow.
Panda express.
I promise I will, at some point!
Lessons can be pretty hard. Don't worry too much about scoring. You can learn a lot from feedback in wrong answers.
s/b ok. I'll tweet question tomorrow if I have 'em.
A man impales his foot on a piece of hidden rebar after jumping into Lady Bird Lake. The painful details at 9.
My son before diagnosis was told he graduated speech after diagnosis he qualified for speech again I told them he needed it
“: Tomorrows been cancelled” ??? I didn't know you the power to enact that
What a nice work out and smoothie run with and
. Comedians, sometimes, have an element of truth in what they say. If this is true, what a choice!
Sharon Creech is following me, y'all! (That sounds creepy out of context. But it's not creepy. It's awesome. Sharon Creech!)
Omg its fckin early on sunday n im nowhere near late ") cheaa
You know you can brew tea in a coffee pot, right?
Just ran into some trees...
Whose going out tonight?! Ready to get wild!
YESYESYES you guys I hate that im so far from you:(
yep. There are a few cute gender neutral names...but two very boy names in a row?!
Damn, Tony Cornish is my new favorite MN representative. I'm moving to something called Vernon Center.
If your audience says you're "Blue" online, you are "Blue" - regardless of how much money you spend to tell them you are "Red" -new Branding
Now I am replying to you! Have you figured out how to change your background. What do you want to tweet about?
This afternoon, we are talking to Congressman Ed Perlmutter. Let us know if you have a question for him.
down!!! Bump set spike!!! Tomorrow??
Will I ever have a six pack? I hate situps but I have a bikini model shoot on monday...got to put in work
"Inaction breeds doubt & fear; Action breeds confidence & courage. Go out & get busy!" Carnegie
Feel free to support even if you're not in Dallas!
Thanks! Follow us everyone! We will be giving away items at least one a month!
RT "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"And im not saying this because im a fan im saying it because he is a HARD WORKING YOUNG MAN
I love my iPhone
Do they have Mexican food in Alaska? I'll have to google it...I hope they don't only serve whale blubber a la carte
No las ah hecho :O lol
Great response! Thanks for jumping in!
another killer segment w #GrabbingmyNutsPoundingMyChest!!
WHAT IS IT
Hey Bruins! Happy spring break! Have you considered spending it on the slopes? There's tons of snow !
Does anybody other than want to go see 21 Jump Street with me?
Very true David! I've found that once you change and retrain staff to be and think positive the atmosphere of the school changes.
you'd be surprised at how well knows this song. -_-
Oh wow that would be good!
Aww don't be sad! Cheer up and relax with some music or put on your favorite movie or show!
You know it's real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Are you referring to dog poop park?
Librarians as curriculum design consultants at UNLV
Now is the time for me to get off of here and do my homework and study for test. LUV.....
when are they going to be there??
I feel like dying
we need to see one of his videos retired be trippin on our fav
I cant wait until April 3! #Nike is set to show off the new #NFL jerseys. I just hope they don't change the #packers look that much.
A quick 1k farewell session at Nautica today, time for bigger and better things
Ario: Re, post-election, "The need for cost control and blocking power of minority party will keep everyone at the table,"
Hey It's Monday. Nuff said LOL
Today 5pm starts the new currency trading wk. pay close attention to the large movements in the euro. Except a slight up side the dwn we go
#ELI2012 important to know square roots by hand in case you're stuck in the wilderness without devices. Man-vs-WildMath
Hey #Alabama - is that supposed to be a Houndstooth-patterned ribbon on the field? What's that about?
Follow and support #southcarolina #farms, #farmers, and
Attending launch of NTIA's digital literacy portal at Coppin State U. Portal goes live later today!
every time you use XML, a JSON angel dies.
Must be paranoid ?
Anyone wanna start a huddle?? Google +
I saw a good wtf one at my hotel. It said &quot;Cocktails&quot; and had a QR code below. Do I scan it and get a drink?
hot hot world man
at best
morgan signed with the Redskins. :(
having you hold me and touch my stomach is just the most amazing feeling
Well I just need to stop bowling cause I suck.....
okay time to go to this boring class :)
My boyfriend's new job is taking over our lives & I hate it 😔
Discover and produce an ACTUAL lost work of #Shakespeare, thus leading to worldwide fame and eternal canonization
Thx to everyone who made it out on a school night last night. It was an awesome show. We will do it again tonight up in Santa Fe.
& TV ads for 'orig art' at 'Starving Artist' sale coming up-what a DISGRACE to Real artists in LV!
this dvd menu screen is totally bitchin.
Perhaps because education will be the main tool, and not locking people up or shooting at them. (cc: )
It's not a children's book at all. My bad. I was making a joke and didn't bother to explain afterward. And no vampires. :)
so if tony stark wasn't tony stark, you would be tony stark?
fantastic, gotta try to start the Sunday night hmwrk crackdown wompwomp. We #graduate SO SOON
no no no their not loll
Laura just getting over a cold (mainly cough). Now it's my turn--just starting.
:-) Yes, let's! I'd love to connect. Will reach out when I'm in Atlanta next. Should be soon.
Do you have a #Facebook Page?
So when can we expect the Fairytale Divorce of Kim Kardashian Part 1&2?
Tom Brady over 500 yards passing. WOW!!
We're hiring. Send a note to
Amazon Fresh should expand to Vashon. I bet it would be a great market, I would totally pay extra for the ferry delivery.
wahoooooooooooooooooooooooo! You are officially a rock star too, in case you didn't feel that way also =)
Maybe I should start my homework...nope ill just look up sexy pics of
is upset that we can't stop at the BK with the largest indoor playground in the US.
stop playing tice. L.A ! thats how you get down im disappointed! !!
Save the date..April 30th and May 1st auditions for the NYC summer youth production. Place &Times TBA.
i wore your 3D glasses into Wal-mart and i got some weird stares haha but im just represesenting my purple swagger :P luv you!
Talk this morning with Mel Chin, Swoon, amongst others was inspiring; New Orleans will continue to rise as an art epicenter.
RT One of world's most powerful questions: "can you give me a concrete example?" [Almost as good: "Name three."]
for every purchase you make, we will donate a pair of #Share#Happy socks to a child in need.
do we get any hints?! lol
i was hoping that Bones doesn't forget about "Dancing Falangies" (sp) :-) :-)
Thanks, you're the sweetest! RT
I knowww I love it!!!
#giants you're killing me!
Bruce Springsteen is rocking out, no photos bc this place is a madhouse and were in the nosebleed section
New name and Avi..
We're thrilled to be working with you and
putting me to work I love it!!!
Hey Designers, what are your thoughts on #crowdsourcing? For it? against it?Don't care? DM me. Thx.
MT If world ever learns names of those Navy SEALs who took out Bin Laden, those guys will never have to buy their own drinks again
Occupiers want to take the Goverment away from Big Corps. and give the power back to the people
RT if you suffer from reptile dysfunction.
I may have accidentally unfollowed 2 people, I may not have, I'm just not sure...if it was you, let me know please!
To our #snowy club members on the west coast, come home and enjoy sun or #Aloha!
Trees along 35th are just starting to change color - so pretty with the October sun filtering through.
Sure next weeks slot is full but how about Monday 04/23?
what's the best way to shoot you some instrumentals? I'm in ATX at
Just checked it out for you. No issues - just a character limit for each txtbox. Try cutting down text and see if that works.
well bah humbug
Baby Gabriel case: Messages flew between principals
Methinks that is a legislation wonk. You should run for ALA Council! :)
The new twitter is weird...
Ok im woke now
well at least he will be there! Glad to hear it. I saw some photos of Karl on fb and he is starting to look like your dad
How about this....for every project I do for free, the other 3 must be PAID work!
": Nobody deserves a ring more than lebron" Forreal after the sorry ass teams he had to cope with those 7 years in Cleveland.
I was never one to drink my own brew..usually because I wound up thinking my men were against me and it could end very badly for that person
oh ok then (: haha
russ f is like an old boyfriend who was just the best thing going as long as he was the center of attention. when i mentioned my life....
this girl is gonna kidnap me , make me Dj for her and I'm gonna be Mia....hahaha #watchoutforvanessa lol
ME TO!
... I guess I should say, "go mrs. patsos!" love Michele!! :)
PR Tip: The media loves Best & Worst Lists. Can you pitch a story about the best and worst bosses, parents, exercises or excuses?
OMFG THEY USED RACHAEL'S QUESTION. I KNEW IT THE MINUTE HE SAID "RACHAEL FROM CANADA" HOLY TALETO
great question from (?) about gender-based expectations wrt to "tinkering"
This #SFGiants game is getting really good.
I'm at the right now. Super Secret Show y'all!!!! Only 4 people. So super dooper secret show!!
Why is it that everytime I tell someone I meet at #gdc that I'm an indie iOS game developer they immediately assume I'm looking for a job?
"I just passed six trucks. All I was doing was keeping up with the Prius."
Hey, it's "Unicorn Shepherd" u need 1 to lead the rest of the unicorns that make up your designvelopment team. :p
Send me good quotes! I'll reTweet the good ones :) GO!!
Seriously, I just love film festivals.
I cleared up my Google Reader subscriptions and already feel liberated! :)
It's part of the storyline...he'll be back“: I'm confused. Why did leznar come back to begin with? No more wrestling tweets.”
You too :o)
of course (: follow me <333
Yes! Media spins "carts vs. restaurants" but we are cut from same cloth. Like to hear more on how you'd integrate.
One of the many things I miss about living in the Wash, DC area: #SOTU drinking games.
good news! I'll show you around town while you're here
so i told her hey "u into fitness? how bout fit-n-ess dick in ya mouf"
. they'll be out from 12-4pm serving up lemonade..bring friends and spread the word :)
just ate something called "stew cream". learning astounding things about Japanese cuisine.
I have a sassy cabin attendant named Angee. This should be fun.
It's worth it! They taste so good!
That feeling when you realize you left your laptop cord back at home and need to buy a temporary replacement tomorrow.
