I will definitely follow ... wait, on second thought, you don't follow me.
": Gonna take one of them nap things" lololol I love you
Off to do a media interview - will post the results later!
anyone know what helps a sore throat?
and having packing going away handouts then a regular going away hangout
oh why do you make everything so difficult?
Follow--> (aka Ms Hey-Hey-Hey) for great tips on #budgeting & managing money matters.
Jammin' Gem show Saturday 12:30pm at Legend Valley.
#Obama is definitely going for #IonaHoops tonight. See it live TONIGHT!!!
The quintessential archival reference setup: "It would be best if users were naked, working at glass tables with laptops!" (LIS 440)
interesting site, we're building a cloud app Platform (paas) with developer collaboration features, in Beta soon
liz lemon said it best: It's all happening!
hello. Hope u are doing well !
Just did my my to-do list. Let's just say these next couple weeks are going to be hell
Day drinking and pawn stars. I love my days off.
#3WordsForYou tweet me goodnight? (:
Exciting things in the works. Will be a semi - regular on a radio show!
Thanks, Even though April showers are prepping for May flowers, I love your imagery and energy! Stay dry and enjoy TGIF!
Another job interview tomorrow
I'm on my way to Grant High School for the Hollywood Jammers Game. It's still not too late to come join THE GAME and other Celebrities
Check out Whole Living magazine's December issue; article "Hope in a Jar" highlights the recent trend toward fair trade in cosmetics!
: Thanks & we're grateful for the RT's! Looking forward to the fair as well.
In my son's world, drives the bus.
See the documentary Bag It (or don't see it if you've had your fed up with it all quota for the day). #Plastic is so bad.
Get FIVE Sonic Burger for $5.95 today only after 5pm. Only at Sonic #Baltimore located at 8212 Liberty Rd. Not valid w/ other Discounts
Haha yes! I love to learn by trying to break.
dae_licious I think.you following me already
. Thank you for the wisdom.
Rev Kim Burrell singing, "A Change Gonna Come." I wil never be the same. Thank you for that gift!
Remember, if you're attending the Dem Party of NM pre-primary convention this Saturday, tweet along with us using
I can't tiny chat either. I'm using my iPod and tiny chat doesn't work with it. :/
Ha ha jokes on you! its always been this size
If business isn't fun...start a different business!
A block from my house, yikes! RT : Robbery at 3:15 - 12th/E Sts NE - Force/violence. Via Be careful. Creeps out there.
For those that have been waiting for years like me - THE WAIT IS OVER! Saw the LOVED IT - Will probably see it again!
Why don't you retweet yourself? What could possibly be the harm? Would be better if it were like updates with comments.
Going Too Philly This Weekend
elbow to Teves chin and kicked Aguero right after, yeah it was deserved.
haha! Looks like you're really having fun. And thats good! :] love you :*
Loving how neo-liberal think tanks like can hide behind vague positive sounding language like #CenterForEducationReform?
The more you focus on what someone else is doing, you miss your own stock dropping...
Have you considered that it isn't so much that twitter is about people being assholes; As that you've chose to follow a lot of...
can you help get to notice me?? And you ????
Include grandparents, other relatives, and friends whenever possible.
Patience is what seperates a woman from a girl and a man from a boy!!
Only you ♥
yay omg I'm so stinkin excited!!!!
his best, Mike Tysons right uppercut was utterly devastating.....I'm surprised no one died from it....
smh..what's your screen name and i'll help you
i was JUST talking about you earlier today! I think I'm going out Wed. if u wanna join! p.s. you should come on our Nash trip!!
MICA kids still needing to pick up your shirt: We will be in Dolphin printing more goodies tonight from 6-8. Stop by!
dont be sending me stupid ass spam what the fuck wrong with you
"4/21 is national surprise drug test day." Lmfao I died reading that..." Lmao !!!
I cannot believe I ever smoked.
ya whatever
Is thankful. Goodnight world! :)
: PGH native to host inaugural race for #alopecia areata. Feel free to chat about us. :) We would love your support!
Well, it's Jan. 4th and the first work day of 2010. Glad that I am not hung-over and that I have lots of coffee. Everyone have a great day!
I hear it went well.
I'm laughing, but also thinking this is carrying the internet thing a tad too far!
I'm reading now
and I just watched that David Beckham commercial 4 times.
it's based off of Shakespeare's play Julius Ceaser
Going to take some zines from the distro to donate to the library at tomorrow!
Cool! Can you turn up the live stream volume?
The super is not entertaining!
He Who Hesitates Is Lost ~ Proverb
Even the dog passed out while trying to get this movie playing - should it be this hard to pay?
I'm tryna get on yo level
Don't miss tomorrow's 8:30am Master Series with librarians Betsy Fagin, Mandy Henk, and Zachary Loeb.
Hubspot has found that the optimum number of tweets per day is 22 for attracting followers. They have to be unique though, no repeating.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.~ Sue Ebaugh
hey we got home safe! Thanx 4 the good time.
Florida Keys. Bitches.
my 8,888th tweet goes out to for being that guy who texts you then doesn't respond back for hours. 😁😉
Many people work all their lives and dislike what they do for a living. In fact, I was astounded to see a recent USA Today survey that said
Yes I drink. Yes I smoke. No I don't give a fuck.
Join my community of #filmmakers! Film Forward takes over!
#whatswrong with our justice system. Does anybody else feel angry about the verdict even though you dont care about her either way?
Super! Funny that we will see each other in DC rather than Philly.
Hope to see you at on the 21st for show.
yes!! First one of the season vs SF
I'm good at that, too - the "chameleon" thing, that is. Also very conscious of speech registers b/c of where I grew up
We have a lot of upcoming events in December! Check out our website for more information: www.sincitycrossfit.com.
Going to the Spaghetti Warehouse this weekend. Heard so much about it but never been. Looking forward to it.
Wishing I could freeze time because I just had one of those perfect moments I wish never ended...
we have party buses every Thursday night leaving from UNT to #CowboysThursday. Have you heard?
Tried a lamb gyro for the first time today. It was really good, but super messy.
House is packed n I'm slowly suffocatin grrrrrr
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
Glad I made the cut...or did I lol
love #underneath #nevercloseoureyes #cuckoo #trespassing #brokenenglish love the whole cd really
Thank you Kickstarter for becoming the new tech invention convention center. How very not interesting anymore.
haha you're just pissy cuz nobody came to see how pretty you look haha
Deactivated my facebobok. c:
says free shipping on "qualifying" orders. So, bc I'm a bargain hunter on a budget, I'm penalized with $20 in shipping? Makes sense.
Woke up this morning with a text from my boyfriend saying "Goodmorning Fat Head"
Sorry, didn't see the response .... It is normal but there are times I think all the asthma meds make him more so...
LA rules!!
Loved the new Gurkha Crest. Great stick!
Beautiful snowy day in St Pete. Taking the train 2 a village in the region 2 serve family. Drug addicts & a newborn.
the new 6th grader are rude and need to get some manners -____- lil fuckers better watch it.
Nf follower her or die,lml
Job interview tomorrow :) working on laundry now!!
Power lectures are a great time to catch up on sleep
excited cus i just made my first vlog but pissed off cus i made a stop motion and youtube wont let me upload it cus of some UMB thing
Im bout to wlk to walmart n get chips with all these pennies...
Remember when coffee was simple and reliable? Now there's 80 different names and frankly its only slightly different.
it's dangerous out there. have a fun & safe holiday weekend! xoxo
It's not whether you win or lose but how you place the blame.
Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..
it's the calm before the storm. Take an umbrella!
if you are a clothing brand and wish to submit your Line to us for consideration please email us at
What's the verdict on lunch from yesterday?
I understand. Sometimes we set standards or we often tell that this is my type but you'll end up finding someone that not your type.
thanks for the info. How are you doing these days?
Thank you, friend.
belated congrats!
I usually follow it up with a you're welcome. Become the a-hole.
yes it is. i often i feel like i act like a teenager.
awesome! I can't wait for this Cart to open!
back in L.A already? You work hard. Much respect.
one Of the Baddest Chick I'm Following...
And the title of said flick is... ? :)
The Raiders are looking at another QB, why not. No reason to stop the bleeding now.
Is that tour with Mistic Monsters real?Or is it something fans did?
Send a picture to Manic Panic!
You're as up and down as a rollercoaster
I like some of his stuff and I'll probably get blasted for this but I think he's extremely over rated!
SO SICK OF QUITTERS ON LIFE .WHEN PEOPLE ARE FIGHTING SUPER HARD TO STAY ALIVE .NOW MAKE. THIS TREND.
Ordered glasses just yesterday, received confirmation for delivery tmrw... AWESOME. :) Definitely going to nab sunnies, too!
From what I have heard there are a number of very unhappy people in the area.
The IPO is expected to be the largest ever for an Internet company--by a whole bunch.
Whitney's service is so MOVING. RIP my Sister. RIEP.
Come on Georgia
im off to la playa :)
You know your a #MINORITY when the whole class is talking and the teacher singles you out
Lil d dont want to fix me a gyros he is so fucking rude
thanks so much! I'm really glad you dig it :]
valentines day fed me for 18 yrs so yea i got some stock in it. for those who say everyday should be valentine's day ITS A HOLIDAY DUMBASS!
YouTube taught us that shit
My opinion is here. Quit asking for my opinion in order to sell me your stupid shit. Read my posts, go away and quit trying to sell crap.
Legit took 100 pictures in the gumby suit today unreal Where will gumby show up next? Be prepared
It takes so long for my hair to dry!
If you're not already, follow our guy He's got some good parties happening in the near future.
dang... so sorry to hear about Derrick Rose's injury.
I can; just like with one's trans-identity, I'd so support the sections being self-identified and created. Website?
I got 70mg Adderral who need that
Age is just a number... Unless you're 17 and hes 32...then its just so damn creepy...
Finally a shaved head!
We are not Israel! Thank you for having Reza Marashi on your show : The U.S. efforts to halt Iran's nuclear program
Lord let me have a wonderful, progressive, productive, and enlightening week with no stress, just happiness :-)
If you fuckin give my nigga some..
#RIPChrisBrown is trending? He must have finally had a match VS
After the calls from my fam having a night last night edens lounge, I gotta watch my $ team retain the crown at 2nite!
Sounds interesting. If it's a donut shop I wonder if has checked it out.
im here bro :O
Update..Crazy Republican Prince Brown filed for wrong seat, actually running against Darren Soto in SD14.
Check your DM
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently — Henry Ford
Thanks mon frere—that means brother in French. I don't know how I know that, I took three years of spanish.
Ask yourself: What is it that you want to do with your life? Now ask yourself: Why aren't you doing it?
RT My #marchwish is that everyone starting living life and have fun! Cuz life is to short not to have fun and enjoy it!
So hard to leave my amazing room , but I should go conferencing. Hm...
Build for your future...the past should be your motivation for tomorrow!
Q2 #libchat and backup space! once you digitize all that stuff make sure you keep it safe against failed hardware, etc.
Off to downtown DC for the #Caps home opener later tonight. GO CAPS!
o for the late response! We will let the Chef know!
Austin likes cupcakes! Believe me, he told me himself.. ♥ RT if you like cupcakes too (;
That's why you need to visit NYC....bagel country :)
Meet & Match Speed Dating Event March 10th..RSVP www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Why Not?
Can't spell America without ERIC
Yw, Hugo always has interesting perspectives. It's a question I've wondered about myself
If you do that and it fails, you have no immediate future and no flexibility. Although it is a tantalizing thought....
No problem bebe ;D
Happy birthday (man) aging editor !!!
#RobWilson is a gentleman.
I don't understand why some girls dress up to go on a plane....
can't wait!! Every Friday I fall in love all over! ;)
safe journey my friend
Thanks for following! Have a great weekend. Tom
in here to, i'm going back sometime later on
And where the fuck is Kris Allen? Still playing clubs and bars and probably watching the oscars in his own home
should follow me. The biebenator needs some guy fans :P
Follow back? #TeamMahone :)
Thanks for the mention!!
Pumped up for this practice session with Patron Saint
I can't explain or define 'gay face' but I assure you: it's a thing that exists. It's like the Aurora Borealis.You know it when you see it.
Well ur off to a great start! Keep pushing and maybe I'll get the chance to play guitar with u someday! Best VOo
skinny girls eat so DAMN much!!
actually there is no legal definition of loitering for the state of Texas.
ND is 8-5 in Kelly's second year. Great coaches typically make their splash in their second year. Looks like Kelly isn't the savior.
We need to talk. Like soon.
Lolsss so I just did some of the funniest shit :-)
U can see the truth a whole lot better with the LIGHTS ON!
Back to the ol' laptop to work on screenplays. 5 day weekends are so rare for something so welcomed.
I'm sorry... You know you mean the fucking world to me<3
I didn't know that.
I can't believe I'm actually on Twitter....will need to summon my Inner Editor.
120 Scrum teams! 3 customers releases per year! 900 internal releases every year! I'm exhausted just writing about Salesforce.
there's a FB group?
More Google trouble - programmer ‎reverse engineer Google search engine results ranking algorithm on PR News
Lobster machine at #mullens #pittsburgh is bogus. 20 dollars later we decide this.
I could not be more excited that is officially joining The X Factor! It's going to be the best thing ever!
Sweet!! I got no school Wednesday and Thursday, ill be at citi field wednesday
": "I wish there was a more convenient way to stalk others"- The phrase that started Facebook!"
both, and the metamorphosis part.
Poor KP has strep... Again 😔
#coveredinoconnell, inside and out.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soup of the day are butternut squash and potato leek. Sugar free lemonade is blueberry mint.
many blessings to you trina
Sometimes I wish I had big boobs.
#kids Get Rhythm! A family performance: Resonance with Celeta Hickman: Get Rhythm! A family performance: Resonance with Celeta Hickman...
My brother picked up someone elses jacket at prom and that dude has his jacket which has his car keys in it. GREAT
So bus trouble...looks like we might not be gettin there for a while
Wooh.. had a rough day... Sitting on the couch with my laptop is wellness for the soul right now!
Haha hopper? ": Just reading about another clothing line based on a dead celebrity, are we that out of ideas people?"
I won something tonight(iPod touch)! :D already have one tho, but ima give my old one to my cousin...I'm a good person
did u not read my last tweet??? U are so dumb. I rooted for the knicks back when they had beef wit the pacers. Now shut up!
Well I have been texting you thanks for telling me
math is also something Mitt doesn't believe in
You two know each other?! Small world. Jeremy, Carrie was my nanny when I was a kid! Haha. :)
Lamar Odom is probably being tucked in bed like a baby by his sweet wife Khloe
Had a great meeting this morning. Looks like I am talking a share of a catamaran:-))
Thanks for the follow...but thank you so much more for the wisdom and light you have brought into this world and to me. Namaste
baby,im srry
I'd rather kick it with u tonight ma
Hey Kids, Good news! Now that the tests are finished you can stop learning!
ok, if wants in you're both in. If not, both are yours & you can invite whoever. Email .
Then why do you think that?
Good luck! :)
Act two digs deeper into the personal relationships of the characters. Really great.
It's midnight. Time to bunt myself over to the closet for some Scotch.
just interviewed a candidate who dropped working at dragon*con into conversation. excellent.
grab your bottle and blow on in here! Pittsburgh is WINDY tonight!
So it's a beautiful day and is having a festival and I'm working. *pout*
Thank you, my friend. That means a great deal to me. :)
This nigga used to grab me by my throat push me up against the wall and say Bitch where you been??? I melted every time! Squirt every where!
just twitter me beforehand in case game is still too short handed and I can let you know
Don't have to be anywhere til Sunday midnight, anyway. Or is that Monday midnight? The next one, regardless.
We all miss you! :)
I'm glad... I found something for your bracelet... I'm just waiting for it to come in at this point...
Happy Monday!!
CONTEST: Tell us where we should eat for lunch. Winner receives our undying gratitude.
": so apparently some jawn got caught sucking dick ... in class o.O #thefuckery" ctfu that's ratchet.
LoL. Opposite here! It's freezing! I'd trade ya haha
I can't wait to see it :) x
"based means you have somebody you can trust"
to buy an ipad or to wait... ah!
Good Morning
Life's most persistent and urgent question is: What are you doing for others? Happy Martin Luther King Day
I am very happy in Chicago.
We know of some beast artist like As We Set Fire, Epitome of the Weak,I Am Barricadian (Official), and Silence is a Burden.
Dreams are made into a reality when you believe that anything is possible when you put your mind to it. Never think negative stay positive
Thanks, Eric! I appreciate it!
Definitely won't be at #manup2012, but definitely will be "manning up" tomorrow. My second son is being born!!
This "Hold Steady" Pandora channel has been a reliable programming buddy for at least a week. Good mix of stuff.
Pey..I'm already in love with you..<21
got everything ready to head out early for Mom's Weekend at #WSU. Dawgs on the road, watch out! Can't wait to see u!
I love Shark Tank. Love it with me!
well said!
Ah, but I didn't write that post. did that one.
Who moved my cheese?
I'll 2nd that!!! #theeasylife ": I wish I could hunt and fish for a living. Even more than play soccer......"
what is Maria's txt number?
Tigers baby
Citation emergency - if I'm omitting the end of a long 19th century title but it ends in &c. do I use 4 dots in my ellipses or only 3?! Gah
Got my cap and gown today!! #graduation 🎓🎉
dude take a hint
The Casuals will be tuned in.
follow back..
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. Joseph Campbell
Thanks, Im going to try to make it back! Having Santa Ana wind issues !
r u stayin after school
I don't understand why I get this way every time I'm alone. After 19 years, I should be used to it...
“Resolved – never to do anything which I would be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.” —Jonathan Edwards
i did the same. so shh.
singing f*cked up songs on youtube !!
Im not down with the #yolo movement..
Love that thinks of its Facebook page as a party. Well put.
I was about order a necklace when I realized I have two silent auction items to pay for. No more fun money for me. :( DAMN MY CHARITY!
was that u with the questionable tshirt selection @ 24hrfitness? gl in the main!
I so feel your pain. I am in exactly the same situation now - although I tell myself it's mostly my husband's stuff. ;)
show tonight!! Stoked!
Texas is ready for the in April us #ICONiac and #GRANDer fans love u deep down to earth iconic boyz anyone else ready in Texas?
Call me bitter, but.. Fuck people who support wack shit and never show me any love
I know - when I speak I always say bullying of kids by ADULTS is growing - the world will NOT tolerate our kids. :(
Thanks Alecia! Enjoy your week!
every night i start thinking about college and i get super excited yet super nervous.
I bet I won some stuff! Woo hoo! Thanks for the gathering.
Thanks for the follow...
This looks seriously good!
hi Adam! How r u? ;) hey will u play with Jeremy on Wednesday? On Facebook?
hey what's up how you been
When a guy likes you he'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for u.
🙏 I end up with the one who is perfect for me...
C's need to STOP MISSING. It's starting to come back to bite them.
- Love that you can do half stars for ratings : Beer apps/mobile sites you actually use (besides ). Go
saw your feature in the Miami daily. WOOT! :D
And I think that concludes tonight's story time/rambling.
yes. Love those others. This one just seems slow.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down. — Robert Benchley
start tonight !! Free vodka 10-11p. $5 Sex on the Beach drinks, $5 Screaming Orgasm shots ALL NIGHT! Show at 1am!!
Father of a Commerce City baby presumed dead talks to CBS 4. The phone call he got from the baby's mother from jail. Tonight at 5.
Getting ready for tomorrow night;)
Thanks for tweeting in english #swwaw so I can follow along!
Getting a major in drama will only give you cred to teach, it probably won't help to pull your career forward.
Breakfast for dinner. Yum!
I am le tired.
Dear this kid in line behind me for Avengers, please notice this letter is addressed to the kid BEHIND me. Let's keep it that way.
YES! Tons of quarter lifers out there! Check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com Share a laugh & connect
Finale is inching about but delayed again, we just got booked to work on another film for the next week! I guess that's good & bad news.
Yeah r u.. nahoyyyoo
#NiallYourBeautiful in every single way !! :D xx
everybody's starry eyed
#JayZSyncShow hands down best concert i have ever seen streamed
croatia - san fran - mexico ?
And apparently he's gay now, too.
Big photo shoot today!
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-2 ft ankle to knee high POOR CONDITIONS
yes! I'll invite you! Just come down to Miami ;)
Now discussing what the ASECS DH Caucus is/should be/should do.
Helping at Aroma Thyme Bistros soup kitcken
''I just discovered the greatest show ever, it's called bear whisper!'' -overheard at NAU
Thank you for joining us! It was a pleasure chatting w/you and all the ladies
not receiving replies... reply page all messed up... Can somone reply so I can test this out? Any1 having the same issues? thanks
Here's some real talk, will win #TheVoice this year, lock it down
The old 80/20 rule is becoming 90/10 in the new millenium for many organizations.
All I spend my fckin money on is gas n cigs fuck has prices
pretty day day today. finally.
"I'm not a hipster. I don't even ride a bike. I walk."
Cowbells and Beer! And a win for MS STATE! #hailstate #GoDawgs Oh, and Jager Bombs!
looky what made a comeback Tweason Ale..brewed with honey and wild strawberries..and its gluten free...Tasty too
Be specific with your points when writing persuasive content.
I'm avoiding work today. Yay.
awww im sorry:/
Where will you be Monday night? We hope it's with us!
No happiness.
3" innings from YoGo. Leaves 6-2 w/2 on. Not the start I was hoping for.
I'm a big fan of the splitter. If I were a pitcher, I'd just want a FB, change and splitter. You can kill if you excell at them.
Watching the rain drops race on the window. Some of them are olympians and some are turtles...
Great Turn out at Franklin Park today! See you soon!
I'd give Jay Beagle a 7 on that dive.
thanks for following me. I look forward to your tweets.
Need Promo Reps in Dover, DE at the speedway this Saturday and Sunday, email for more info!
Daniel Thomas: Thomas runs effectively in Week 6 vs. Jets
Sonic the head hog
First Smithsonian, & now the #google after-party for the white house correspondents dinner tonight! #thirstdc & sexy nerds cc
Happy New Year !!!
Terrible cell issues today. Not sure if it's the device or the service.
i understand by why wasn't this already done? the whole things seems archaic / barbaric. in this day and age?!?
RT : Operations Manager & Orchestrator: Better Together | Software Logic...
Pic should be attached
Fuck tami she aint hard !! If your going to act like your this hard itch that don't take shit.. Walk the walk hoe don't just park
How large or small is your recruiting team?
"When I had no secrets, I fell in love with everyone"--a line from Lola Pierson's "A Day by Yourself" being read at Liam's right now.
Shit I'm just getting more and more stressed. Dammit. This wasn't supposed to happen.
IF U NOT ONE OF DA GUYZ IM NOT ROCKING WIDD U
A quiet Sunday, tomorrow I have a lot of work !!
Tired as shit
landed 20 mins early on Flt 415 in SAN. Still sitting on tarmac 45 mins ltr. What's point of arriving early if gate's not ready?
My new website is now live - check out www.bhavalshahbell.com! Discover vivid "geographical portraits" / map paintings.
RT BREAKING: reports from city admin- OPD's top cop, Anthony Batts, resigns
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient; it's about being there when it's not.
Pepsi Launches First Global Campaign, &quot;Live For Now&quot;
Raising cane??
awe hope ur week gets better
RT : - my reply to just about EVERYTHING that i don't give a fuck about; "Oh, okay. that's cool too."
Hey Chris! Great to bump into you on twitter. Hope you are doing well!
I figured you were. My favorite part is the NFC or AFC in the stitching on the underside of the bill.
you'll catch that from time to time lol as long as they supported
That's what I said right? :)
*blush* thank you.
I feel like a fuckin genius after finishing all of my homework :D I finally understand what I've been taught
I would never turn down a hug from Josh, mostly bc 9-year-old me thinks he's the Burger King.
“: Mitt Romney saved Detroit the same way Newt Gingrich saved marriage.”
Wish I had that one special person I could talk to for hours :/ #foreveralone ;/
I'd think so... Don't tell anyone but they deliver to me at Folsom/Beale at least 2 times a week.
ok good! see you later
We're excited for tomorrow's Los Angeles Triathlon! Good luck athletes! #LA Triathlon
RT : 2 great options for investing are Stocks & Govt Bonds/Stocks are more of a risk but can have a greater reward!
Free Income Tax Filing Day at GTWT this Saturday! Call the office to make an appointment 323-526-3039
Skinny jeans are like calories. Easy to put on, but impossible to take off.
all u talkin bout is sombody tring to play u... Stop fuckin wit'em then
It was good to put a real life person to the Twitter handle, even if I never got around to saying hello :)
you're a copier :)
badboi grimey gates getting black balled we bout to go crazy on this industry rip gbaby rip nutso fuck these niggas
are we done now that your new friends are there?
": #Brewers hearing that Jimmy Rollins is staying with Phillies' this is great news. Hopefully its true.
Running is not recommended until at least 3 months, ideally 6 and in a perfect world, 9 months. Know why?
Nothing, haha and u?
Gotta give props to for taking on Jamie Dimon & NARTH in one episode
Job interview today
#LCLAX We love you guys! Great season! You are all Champs!!!
Just gave away tickets to see on . Hopefully he reads this and we become best friends forever. More tix all week.
has produced such a boring stir-fry. How could this happen? There is general despair.
What have I become?
"The idea that devices.. will make bookstores obsolete is nonsense."(-Wiiliam Lynch Jr.) Aaaaahhhhh.
make sure to bring that energy to the city
I am at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in DC for the genetics conference. The student symposium starts at 1pm.
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mother's from all of us at "The Proud One"~~~Proud May Restaurant!
My favorite song
well u never texted back -_-
If I had a gun and shot it at your face, would you promise not to get out of the way?
Love friendships built on honesty
Packer Fans - I love you all!
I have somehow managed to take 2 naps today.
How have you been? Haven't seen you in a while!
SHOUT OUT TO THE AMAZING and !! XOXO
Beiber?! I'm so lost.
I don't know about y'all but it comes pretty natural to me. #smh 😏
I totally just uploaded my view from the couch to instagram an hour ago
what up
please follow me cutie c:
I hope so. RT : ., , : If you go #paleo, must you dress like a Flintstone and gnaw on bones?
thanks for the s/o!
I wonder if he would tolerate it
La Mariposa Bilingual Puppet Show @ The Nan! Folktale of a butterfly’s transformation. Ages 5+. Jan 14th 2-3. Call 594-5365 to register.
Happy President's Day
Thanks for following , , , and
okay there, GOODNIGHT.:]
Fell asleep reading a cookbook
I'm serious lol
Swag me out
We are live people, Sign up today!!!!!!!!! and increase your chance of winning
Durin the summer I better not see any of the people from school
I really hope this guy at the gym thinks I'm staring at him I'm just trying to watch the u of I and msu game...awkward
Although I am aware of the admixture that most of us are comprised of, the majority of my makeup is of African descent.
I'm on it.
Oh there will b no shortage of Gaucho fare to go around! Hope all is shaping up 4 #ISum11, guest list for party growing daily
Nice Nashville
Hey friends, any of you going to the brewers game tomorrow?
Hey doll! Been so busy, I havnt even had time to tweet! Ugh the life of a busy girl. Lol how ya doin?
With the Deal of the Week, getting Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory via direct download is in my mind. Is the MP still available?
I have mine ordered and on its way!
"People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves."
All mason everything... symbology is ever present. Which means egytology is ever present
About to head over to editor's studio to view footage and meet up with visual effects artist; fun is really beginning.
thx for the props
i keep it
me too
and a lot of those D members are going to be looking at the vote totals in their district and be hesitant to undo.
Yes, and it will be made out of twine and vintage fabric scraps.
END the FED before it ENDS the USA!!
Your account is eat funnier than mine damn it
do yuh know why!?:/
I want it all back
RT (S)(W)(A)(G) = Silly Wannabes Acting Gangster. So yeah, go get your "swag" on
thanks Dora! :')
I don't know why I put my in the message i sent you but just avoid it! lol
"No one can offer only a half-hearted commitment to any of life's choices and challenges if they expect to master it and emerge a truly...
My Mom leaked my new record in Columbus to a few DJs but its startin to pick up so im not mad at all
Thank you to for being my 200th follower!!
is a BEAST
Thank gawd I have a ride today. *gets back into bed*
Hey everyone? Besides , what's your favorite #steampunk #webcomic?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
my friends boyfriend chased me around my kitchen
well - this isn't the same as a "cute text before bed" - but I love your tweets & you are a cutie! :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bet Them Neighbors know My name (: Trey Songzz
Tears rolling down my face heavily so I smoked one.
Haha sorry! we just got back to Barcelona yesterday. We went on a cruise!! :) but you didn't invite me to the beach..psh!
Silver Cuff is a New Tradition for First-Time Moms on Mother's Day - PR Web (press release)
LMFAOOO dying at situation right now.
Thanks for the RT!
Yea I remember when I caught my first oop haha
I'm still upset at the fact that Rose let go of Jack.
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart. -Chris Evert
Tax holiday witnesses: 2 from economic think tanks oppose, CO Retail Council supports.
so i can come?
Totally. Big swerve: FBI agent Vic Mackey enlists the Sons to take down the corrupt CIA/Galindo mess.
RT if you want 20x lists!! (Must be following me first) I can also give you 30+ followers!! :)
Cheesecake, peach cobbler, and sweet potato pie...
While your on twitter can you please follow me?:D #Mahomie4Life <3
It's the end of the season, and you know what that means: load up on crafty before I am officially unemployed and starving.
You've been hacked buddy
Shit this workout is bout to be killer but I got a lot of motivation and determination behind this....
That moment when you have to pee so bad but you're in class in the middle of a test.
RT Shooting the "Urban Rebounding" exercise video today.
I agree with you and I've had the same experience. I think it's about being open to new ways of connecting with people.
let me know how I can help you in the future....I'm coming to omg sometime this week
u ran into Shanell at the gym? Awww man I wish I was with her lol
your heart/facts R in right place on this, but what Romney is doing on "nice" issue is way to win. You want that, right?
loved it last night - thanks gals!
love that guy son much!! Ever since I saw all u guys in Reno Nevada!!
5/10 - LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents at Sunrise Senior Living 5111 Connecticut Ave NW. Topic is identity theft.
where??? Swear I never see u at all in school😞this weekend were hanging out 😄
Anyone else have exams this week?
Ren & Stimpy. The older WB stuff (Bugs, Daffy/Porky when they were really funny). And the classic: Rikki Tikki Tavi.
Come on, share it.
Depends on the vendor, usually more advanced than hubs, but definitely not the same as a stand-alone switch.
Cure for crappy hotel TV is streaming some Breaking Bad from Netflix using #ATT 4GLTE. Looks better than streaming over the free WiFi.
you arent on the floor from this morning still??
yea! goodnight tweet me tomarrow or something :)
Ploy to get more? Site says Sale ends 4-4-12 11:59PM RT Last chance 2 get tickets at a low price. They go up tm.
hey what are u drinking on? B
You have not come to this earth plane to settle for less. You have a right to joy, love and
let me try to fix it
just got locked out of facebook account pissed
#marymiss goal for cities is to think of artists as resources they can turn to to engage people on issues
thank you :)
The key is to say NO! Unless you discount for me!! :) You stood up to one bully!! Take them down one at a time :)
well I have insomnia but if you need someone to talk to we can talk beautiful :)
Our summer hours have started! We are now open on Tuesdays from 12-5, Wednesday-Saturday 12-8 and Sunday 12-5!
Swam for the 1st time since Oct. Wow, not easy: required nap. 41 days
Eleven more days to go.
Every time we get another 100 followers, we're going to give away a FREE Small Plate! Including the Jumbo Scallops and Palm Beach Crab Cake!
Doubt it. RT Let's see if these DA live Dalai Lama tweets are as good as my in-game tweets.
As a Sabres fan, our players should be craving this moment that Boston has now
yep. it was nice getting outdoors. I was stressing this morning. getting house in order will help me be less stressed
Who decided it was okay to stop making totem poles? Fuck that guy.
RT Oh I love this time of year! // Me too !
Hope this five hours energy kicks in soon#off to the gym
oh such sweet words hon you are cool
I'm not dark, I was just slightly over cooked ! ;P lmao
lol today was crazy
Thanks for the mention and Happy Holidays.
Well damn I missed you this morning, Rise & Grind my dear! Happy #BLUEBLOODS friday, woot woot!!
I see my future in my mind and I am gradually walking toward it stumbling and falling many times and stopping to fix things along the way
Came to the realization that I won't have a date to prom.
That moment when your really angry that your eyes start to tear up..... >.<
the mikhail girls love you back. you and ur sister are family. dora will be happy to hear of this :)
Sounds fun! Which drive-in?
Name the first song that pops into your head right now...did it make you smile? What would life be like w/o any music to fill your head.
The reason marijuana is illegal is because in the 30's cotton growers lobbied against hemp farmers
Trying to get home? Bus broke down on N Lights/Denali and also on a street/ N lights
#Authors and #Writers worth the follow!!
I adore you mom!with you i'm becoming better in my life and stronger!you are all what a daughter would ask and need!i ♥ you...
Older woman can have kids!!! All I want is the mans eternal happiness, so who cares I guess.
and its MONSTAR TIME
Pittsburgh Marathon this weekend makes #Point_State_Park #Port-a-John city.
not yet, but conserving water now will sure help prevent one in the future! Especially as we roll into dry months.
how to market that great app idea to potential clients or investors - any ideas?
Holy god that is genius.
you're a good girl, I've always told you that
Been out in the rain with the doggies! It's glorious! And VERY wet out there!!!
lot of ppl given the choice wld take the hair and money-of course,w/o some hair & $, you'd never get a chance-Sad or Not?
been there and done that - look at it as good traffic experience for Michael
Seriously, I should have bought stock in Walgreens.
nt sure why, but <3 that has an "aloha" subdomain
also, where are you working?
Chad Billingsley incredibly inconsistent and unreliable against an awful team...I would have never guessed
HIWI:Ike on sale this week for $14.99. Only at Bliss on 19th in the Heights. Bliss on 19th has been a big HIWI supporter.
Happy birthday homme. May you enjoy your 122nd birthday to the fullest and live to see many more. Pop the bottles and celebrate.
Pretty sure the kids that outside my window that were doing the soccer chant for Seven Nation Army have no idea it's a White Stripes song
Looking forward to seeing you all at #ASTD2012 next week. Make sure you stop by the booth and say, "Hi"
. don't think it can be done by material type collection by collection (& institution by institution)
Countdown to the 2012 Black & White Diamonds & Jeans Party! My "carriage" is leaving in roughly 2 hours :)
That AP stats test wasn't so hard after all. Might pass my first one...
I don't care how unreasonable I'm being, I'm right
Trapped in this house till the baby comes -__-"
hey txt me
Things r finally getting interesting! Its time to go for broke!
you're already in a match right now (zah-ji)
UGH! The megabus dude is flirting with me. I've been on SUCH a roll since I cut my hair
Thanks for sharing!
RT : I will follow you for all time.
Hi Dustin thanks thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show and Merry Christmas.
RIP Jack Layton
yes just about everyone wants instant success, even with great tools, it takes time to build something of worth.
WOW: What's next Yoohoo & Fanta ===> : Eating raw cookie dough because I'm a bad ass
If John Mellencamp played 3rd base and hit cleanup, he'd go 5-5 every game with 5 homeruns
All these weak ass rules let these mfs play
What's a fly ass girl with such a fly ass doing in a place like this?
Parks and Rec!
This is might be my favorite group of people in a single room ever.
I'm so sick, I feel so awful :( how am I gonna have the energy for practice? -.-
To a certain extent of course
All you haters need to go somewhere
I got my wisdom teeth out, and my teef hurt too
RT : Well this sucks...I accidentally enabled location on my tweets.
Knows who i tweet about all the time!
Shut up
thanks, jeff! hope all is well at very exciting month!! :)
:) He always stalks me!!!
O. Thank you for the inclusion.
following! :D
please call me before the world ends
aww my old roomy love her!
Prince William climate case judge already anticipating the appeal - Washington Post (blog)
If you want to be a Pepper, then be a Pepper. Just please don't tell me you like DP.
what it do ms.lady
Parting thought: The Black Keys were exquisite, but these allergies are not.
Heavy dew this morning slowing us down. When dry placing packing tape over the chip keeps it dry for a better repair.
he's holding me hostage lol, tf im ready to go!
I've already played I Wanna Dance with Somebody 34 times. It's been two days.
Amazing! RT OH "Yeah but if your dick tasted like that..." (re: Southern Tier Creme Brulee)
I had the best morning run. I must remember how amazing it feels to start the day this way. Feeling incredible.
Great ministry time at Christ for the Nations! Still having jet lag from China. Heading home now--my tempurpedic bed is calling!
sounds good lay it on me.
And all that remains is the arms of the angels...
link works on the computer
The best part is when you realize you are in over your head and push on anyways. That's when you know you are committed to it.
Happy Sunday all you tweeters
almost over? City ahead 3-2? Not sure espn mobile is updating.
you are just awesome. xoxo “: Had an Epic day yesterday shooting with #AntoineFuqua and being part of web series ?..
Go get'it girl! You'll do fab. I am pulling for you!
San diego to LA in 63 min. and 28 mpg in a V6...woohoo! Fight On!
I want all the ppl I love to be as happy & secure in themselves as I am right now. Still learnin still growin & it feels so good.
Corey Thompson makes this not hurt
the clowns are just responding to the idiots moderating the debate. Let's have some substance.
I'm finally on Twitter! Excited to connect with all the Tweeps!
If you haven't been outside yet, you need to get out there.It's a beautiful day.Iced tea & coffee drinks & our patio are waiting for you!
. People keep saying 3g sucks.
Sometimes your toughest competition is, "I'd rather just keep my money."
Yeah when the Goldfish decide to checkout...there's a problem.
Did I hear you will be at the Caps game tonight? Taking the boys and looking forward to another win... Go #Caps!
Going for a walk. Have no clue where I am. Just need some air.
I will attend the Mobile Track at Computers in Libraries #CIL11 3/23/11 to learn about big trends in mobile tech
they started calling me racist etc..
Don't tell anyone,but is one of the few places that has HopSlam on tap right now!
looks like my source had indianapublicmedia.org/radio/ listed instead -- there really are no good (public) lists for
oh, and do you know about when you wanna move the piano? We're gonna be re-arranging furniture soon in the downstairs..
il mito on north ave is excellent! is an artist!
Sending out my resume to #graphicdesign positions, let's hope one follows through
chillin with erika and hanna tomorrow girls movie night ;)
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out ~ Walter Winchell |
A person who consistently worries about someone else is what you call a certified hater aahahaha :-)
Happy day after Christmas!! Santa bring y'all anything good?
Chillin with the wifey on a lazy day...feels good!
imma post a picture of how my computer looks while turned on u can't do anything except move the stupid mous
Me too !
Up and off to Estes Park to go for a hike & stop by the ranch.
Just sent an email. Thanks!
sound bout right lol
You might want to keep the kids away from the screen for next day and a half. I'm about to make love to the camera with my eyes.
Spent the first 4 days of this week at client office in all day, 25 people meetings. Good to take a break.
i sent it as a message
it's DEFINITELY not a fad for those with
to make you suffer :)
Thanks to everyone for the great #mwrc12! Safe travels!
I am totally pulling for Kansas after hearing Thomas Robinson's story
ya did? You should've waved! I didnt see you!
seeing and in love renews my faith in humanity in ways that I didn't know were possible.
yeah, Cabrieber, blue helmet, whatev. aw poor thing!
Finally getting around to the ARC of 's STRANGE FLESH by Michael Olson and am superduper into it already
its Friday.. half day. no work will be done
The peace you are looking for is not outside you... it's what is looking out your eyes. Michael Jeffreys
That is pretty sweet! I'm definitely doing my Christmas shopping here.
I just don't understand anymore... Why can't this feeling just go away.
2nd annual "food allergy friendly table" at our school's Winter Tea event was a big success today! Gets better each year...
If he treats you like a JOKE then leave him like its FUNNY
I wish lunch could last forever
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! :)
#FF to our new followers! Looking forward to your tweets:
Feel free to introduce yourself or jump in and answer Q1!
Pak, What website did you get that quote from? Hahahaha
Smile, it's almost the #newyear ! Want a white, sparkling smile to bring in 2011? We can help: www.kravitzdental.com
I want to be in Edgar Wright's "Ant-Man." Can anyone help with that?
Wake up and smell the
Great lineup of films!
hahahahaha well he's funny lol
aww! i'm watching #SonnyWithAChance and i miss this show!!! :(
what happened??
that's right! can keep the fun rolling
I was just trying to get home! RT we chased a turkey through downtown milwaukee today. Almost as cool as a coyote
My #FastFoodAddiction is McDonalds fries! Damn they're just so good!!
S corp is better for group of owners (bylaws, stock, etc) / LLC better for 1 or 2 members (simple). Being online doesn't matter.
RT : Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Flyers Face Another Old Playoff Foe in Devils: A Fan's Outlook - Yahoo! Sports
time to reach out to a fan in the area to recruit them to visit the place personally.
Me 2! RT : I need to hit up a spanish club asap. Gotta get my dancing on.
I look like a hobo about to go workout today...
I cannot afford to lose an hours sleep tonite
National Weather Service: NUMEROUS ROOFS RIPPED OFF BETWEEN LAKE ELYSIAN AND LAKE FRANCIS. PUBLIC REPORT OF POSSIBLE TORNADO.
hey:D
Sittin here by myself in silence watching the cars go by in the rain....thinking....feeling real low lately and extra depressed today.
Honey butter chicken biscuit>>>
I loved the first series theme song :(
“: Oh, we all know a douchebag named Tyler.” BAHAHA
US Coast Guard Issues Shark Warning along the North East!
lol whatever it was a little phase
3 bedroom, 2.0 bathroom at 1296 Sells Ave. Unit A for $750/month. Nice quiet facility. Near colleges and Marta. 5 minutes from downtown.
:) and thank you for the shout out
From Yacht And Boat Cleaning To Carpet Cleaning, Davie, Florida Residents Count On Revolutionary Cleaning For All Their Cleaning Needs
Keep your eyes on www.kylexingtoncommons.org this week for new stories featuring NPO Women Leading Kentucky and more!
“: “Never discourage anyone… who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.” ~ Plato”
the way you dress affects the way you feel and think. Girls with lower sexual value feel they need to flaunt sexuality.
Its been worse well maybe I just gotta hang in there
boy, you're an alien. :).
Love making people smile! If you had a smile button, you'd get tired of me pushing it. ;) Hope tonight finds you well!
Great point of view. Reminds me of Seth Godin's Linchpin book but for businesses.
two time
Very proud of the #Giants today. 15 and1, 18 and 0? Doesnt matter they'll beat you when it counts
At least we've let go of our junk ; ) RT : hahaha u cheeseheads still haven't LET HIM GO!!!
Some people need to learn to keep their fucking mouth shut
well when i doo, it doesnt let me continue
Why do you care if I fucking dye my hair? Just shut the fuck up. -_-
What's up ? Summer reading program @ Glendale - no Indians passes, no Marion Co Fair passes, no water frisbee = sad little reader!
Hey hey hey!
RT: Boss telling you to “take it easy this weekend” #postgradproblems. …Don’t listen to him and come let loose with us!
Kansas Is SO Bipolar
Not having to worry about anything >
The Red Wings look old. Even the Swedish Peter Pan finally seems to have lost a step.
My dad, Stan Pearlman, has always been my hero.
Yeah, saw that on FB.
so, since the alarm went off during our presentation. I don't have to present anymore
MLS Commissioner reveals in Orlando: "They’re going to open up CenturyLink field, 66,000 seats for the Cascadia rivalry"
We're all stars now in the dope shoe
The is back.
I just want to win.
I swear i always have to sneeze at the most awkward moments:/
Six words you'll never hear ANYONE say: I miss the Long Island Expressway.
I wish I could meet and I wish he would follow me but thats never gonna happen. :'(
This month American Coney celebrates 95 years! has a Q&A with the owner
BRAZILIAN EDITION OF REALITY SHOW THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER DEBUTS ON MARCH 25
Welcome back tweetcaster for android.
Google searches Twitter and FB for ranking.
For any type of new business, writing a business plan may be the best planning you can do.
SULFUR compounds cause bad breath & enable inflection in the mouth. Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE (SLS). www.closys.com SLS free!
sure thing -- send us a DM with your email address. Thanks for your interest in
Listing in Humboldt Park under contract in 11 days!
Hey what is your favorite SD Song?
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA ,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA A CHATEAR LATINO
Dates are now official! Panic hitting the midwest hard this fall!
Good Morning. Are you getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us what are your plans for this Thanksgiving Holiday & what you're thankful for.
Hah! Love this.
Specials for Mommies!!!! Hair & Manicures!! Call for Details!!!
family come first regardless of sacrifices, even if that means I have to run to bus stops and wait in the rain. my sister comes first
good morning boo ❤
me too! and i really hope you can go!!(: i wanna get the vip passes so i can meet him but i probably wont haha
wrong. A half a million dollars is the only thing players truly understand.
so I guess its my fault then
Tyga's music is a joke.
Can't wait to play kingdom on the 12th! Our first home show with the new and improved lineup! Come on out for a great time.
RT: Short girls > tall girls
NYC Printing 123 is the Fastest Rush Printing Company in NYC. Full Color Printing Service. So why wait? Call now at 646.833.8085/...
I'm more PA2 man RT : . Sanchez is better than Tebow like "Police Academy 3" was better than "Police Academy 2."
i like it it kinda sounds bad ass (justin) :"P
#WeAreBC RT : I'm taking BC and Union to win today /hockey expert
Lmao. Its Okay, I pretty much always think I reply to you and it never goes through or something. xD Lmao. It pretty much is.
hey long time no chat!!!
Glad to hear the fans in St. Louis yell "Ref You Suck". Happy that hockey has the 7 game series, you can't rely on the officials every game!
Appreciating the term "swarm criticism" for social media blowback in piece by NYTimes critic Jon Caramanica ().
is my hero he is my whole world practically he is my love and nobody can ever change my opinion of him♥
With temps rising, prevent overheating and avoid exposure to the sun's damaging rays by exercising in the early morning!
nailed the mega 23!
I was born in the wrong decade
If im louder, would you see me Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me Cause we are the same you save me when you leave its gone again
lol...how did you find the font that Lisa Turtle used in her secret letters to Zach Morris?
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Okay, never thought building a website was a bit beyond "plug n' play." Plugging away to get this beta tested and live. #art #art galleries
my account has been hacked. Any help? random weight loss links from my name, and I'm not doing it!
fucking awesome. Who was crazy enough to hire you? ;-)
o no doubt i will lil mama
listening to TLM and studying for my final speech test.
Ugh!!!! Too early
Things aren't what they used to be :(
Keep marching on in the name of love.
This dog wants to go outside. Too dam early and too dam cold...
It is always in season for old men to learn
Embedded librarianship where students actually are dorm, writing center, student center - in conjunction with 24/7 virtual ref
i get my first check today!! and im goin broke bitch
the wait...
When spinnin', he's grinnin', for fame or for kicks... Your Turn
lol but Justin is very important to me
On the side pic connection
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Albert Einstein
LOL! Yes! “: I'm going to the beach to bury metal items that say "get a life" on them.”
see you there!!!
next time. soon actually, I love Jacksonville!
I met Chris Hansen today in the newsroom. Seemed like an ok guy. And I wasn't arrested as a pedophile, so score one for me!
Mary Sipp Green
Don't get rained on at Pirates game. Come to Consol for a high action game where you'll stay dry. 8pm start.
How bout a #FollowBack and hook up on sum tickets to see u for my 24th bday!? RT : I will follow you back if you ask!!
Took a nap and just saw Duke lost. Lol!
Street Groove Magazine looking for a serious partner 2become part of our company also our artist www.smilezdagr8.com ps we need investers
...anyone going to pick up an #iPad ?
thanks lurv! u're righteous
Welcome. Get your tweet on...I expect many beer related exchanges.
“: Haha thank you! Glad you like it :D.” came across it on Fratmusic. Loved it!
Happy Birthday ! I hope it was good :*
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 22
Nice! (What printer is this? The link you originally sent was broken.)
u welcome wasup witchu... And I'll preciate a follow bak if haven't been done already:)
cool lets grab lunch or drinks if you have time when you get back! or I'll just stalk your photos on FB.
people wonder how I'm write in between all these phonecalls. The truth is I'm not. Well I am. But it's mostly fragments and prep phrases.
Make me come alive, come on and turn me on.
you are the exact person I wanted a response from. Ever hear of diamond way?
Letterpress Tip of the Day: A clean press room is a happy press room. I makes it easier to get the job done and to get the job done right
the Royals are 7-6 on the road, and 0-10 at home. Don't think I've ever seen that, with that many games played.
B4 I send this RT OUT I NEED YALL TO READ THIS TWEET T>T> JUST SENT ME #REALTALK SHE KINDA HELPING ME OUT RIGHT NOW
that is hilarious!
Pretty much any thing Italian. Good bread, good wine, the rest is just fluff.
"Now you're just some body that I used to gnaw." -A Dahmer breakup
Kiss me
Happy Birthday
and me.. : )RT watch , & A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song! 1 hour ago Favorite Retweet Reply
love that you guys are friends - you're great people! I'll be home soon, Kalyn!
I love how Let's Don't Call it a Night by Casey Anthony always comes on the radio before I go to bed :P haha I think I'm going to though
“: Everything is funnier when your with your best friend”
they are like golden tickets but the prize is to be OLLG. you dont have to buy them.
Hi Zayn:) I'm in a musical this weekend in ATL, Georgia and I think you'd love it! Wanna fly on over for the weekend and see it?
The HS Committee voted 4-1 to disapprove the mayor's budget for DHS. This resulted from our concerns about the cut in homeless services.
needs to stop Being so busy (: mixtape,tour then album. thats why i love buying them things they spoil us too.
make me
ohh hey girl!!! text me sometime and ill tell ya :)!
i lost 1 sister to cancer & have 1 who survived cancer. it hits home, so i support cancer research!
Hi Twitter. How are you? Is social media over yet? Go Bucks.
It gets better every year.
HI! we'll be sharing a room in France in about 4 days... hope you're ready ;)
Now if Apple will just announce the iPhone 5, I may slip into a state of nirvana...
so so true!!
Toy Story 3 on Ice today. I really miss drugs.
nice seeing you last night and as you saw I had to get the hell away too.
it's definitely on worldstar now
awesome. can't wait to see them in nyc in april.
RSVP: Langley Park
and next up...Andy Lee. Why not call out Froch, Bute, Ward or Dirrell? He likes calling out guys who could fight 140 instead
Because of the street lights I can't get a good photo
we seriously should look into cloning...cause fuck this noise
Lol. Not at all, because God blessed me with common sense.
"Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
Woman can fake an orgasm. Men can fake a whole relationship.
[Answr] Huijgh- we have to move beyond questions of whether state is undermined.
Feet hurt
WAKE UP
On a lighter note... Jim K and I perform at Little Athens, Sewickley PA... I'll be feeling much better by then! Tmrw @ 8.30pm free entry!
Will be doing a discussion on the book #OnTheHolySpirit, by St Basil the Great at our #Episcopal study group tomorrow night. Fun.
haha sorry your Majesty, lookin' ass
Watermelon sake courtesy of eddie in the gr8 city of #lasvegas is one of the best mellow/easy to drink sakes out there. Ty
yay me! Thanks :)
The stuff of nightmares!
Enjoying my day off. :o)
RT : I miss the days when hip hop actually meant something .. Nowadays it's just something I get drunk to ¯\_( °_⊙)_/¯
TONIGHT - ELECTROLUTION (Electro Night) with DJ's DJZ, Pierce G vs. Demoe Beats, Dtoxs, Sweetness, DayV5, Saint & Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
I love my whale face. It's trademarked by me, ya know
Who's going to any or all #FinalFriday events this Friday, 4/29?!
the computer in mckeldin WOULD shut off while i was in the middle of my exam so now im locked out and can't take it. FUCK EVERYTHING.
you just nailed it pal
You one of the beat players in the world and u can't handle an in bound pass. So in Kobe. #MAVS in 7. Wade doesn't want it. Lmfao
That Tiamo perfume is the shit. Thanks
Downtown Orlando I go!!!
be patient with the mundanes. Not everyone has your knowledge of anime.
Ha! Indeed. RT : I love Mad Men like everybody else, but... Rory Gilmore is no Lady Lazarus.
My butterfinget doesn't really taste likea butterfinger. Does this mean the terrorists are winning?
hahaha I totally was going to tweet that same thing! I'm so hungry for some cheesecake!
RIP Clare Fischer, a wonderful pianist and composer/arranger who was a dear friend to Latin Beat Magazine. Salsa Picante Plus 2+2.
I'm home now (:
Love that - #smallwaukee - aina hey? Hi, Cathy!
"You treat these people like they're machines. They're not. They make mistakes." (Buck Rogers, "Planet of the Slave Girls")...
but Lugar really needs to find a home (a real home) in Indiana
okay, yeah, I get what you mean. Yes, that is certainly part of it.
I am in Indy. I'm at the Baymont on Brookville, love.
Happy Friday! Great show!!
rebuilding machines is never convenient, is it
I encourage everybody to worship Jesus Christ everyday with their life and lifestyle!love u all!God bless and peace! HE>i John 3:30
BOUT TO GET ON THIS FULL TILT POKER MY GIRL GOT HELLA GOOD AT IT APRIL 10 LIVE AT REPTILES HOOLIGAN BOYZ MAYNE OFF THE CHAIN SHIT IM READY
Let's go Caps and Predators!!
The difference between your heart and head is that your head thinks it knows what it wants, but your heart knows what it wants.
you'll never see this, i'm such a HUGE fan/DIRECTIONER and i love for being such inspirations ALOHA :)
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I give up ..
They're nice ads. Full of warm fuzzies for Xmas! Happy holidays to you friend!
Tell that nigga he know I'm wing king fuck outta here young lad
yea summer will be 10x's better
yo bro follow back
any time. I'm just in brainstorm mode. Was told by others simple words were too simple and not memorable. I like non-formal.
The regular show C:
hehe thnx! We need to go for beers when u guys return...love that your tweet came from Glasglow
Looking for the mute button. My brother's dog wouldn't stop barking during the last conference call.
The question is not 'why do I so desperately want a cute cropped letterman's jacket?' The question is 'where do I find one?'
I like adding Z to every thing...Z is coming back!
Community goes way beyond social media.
MAN tryna get it in. I'm in New Orleans now back in the Bay Nov for the holiday and for a video. How's it been man??
need to start getting Christmas gifts tomorrow..5th Avenue watch out ;)
Rid me of myself, I belong to You
not trying to go to 3rd wanna hang out?
Vinny,My Inspiration! I'm A GRANDER! I Have The Vinny Virus!<3 My Dream Is For You To Follow Me Please!(: I Just Love You Alot
Any Dashboard Confessional fans out there? Got some news here coming shortly ;P
Interesting. I've never seen the DC so I didn't even consider it. I'll have to take a look
If you're alive in the am, stop by and get some breakfast tacos @ the Goat! Breakfast served 'till noon!
I wish I could see my boyfriend! <3 he's at the track meet. :(
you gotta get yourself in ABC's #GCB ! You would be perfect!
Hello, My Last Name Is Fabella. Do You Possibly Know A Vance Fabella? Please Write Back.
Dreamt last night that my grandma died and all my mother cared about was money. And my bus was late this morning. Great start to the day!
is wishing everybody a Happy New Year!!! May your world be filled with warmth, love, health, peace and happiness!!! Love, Tania :)
sent :) Let me know what you think!
Excited to hear about the COBO expansion project.
LOL - it always catches me offguard as well (shopping).
I agree!! Esp because I have a Crossfit competition this weekend
Call me & tell me good morning & goodnight
Rec 4: can extend string of successes by encouraging states to collect data on instructional materials and support data use.
Wow!!! Really Brian McKnight? Sweet baby, that song is not you. I can't!!!
I know staring off into space, not saying a single word..smh lolol
I now have come to a point where all his snippets together is a one long song w mood change. Lot like Stairway to Heaven.
Gay Club first time in Bangkok Thailand with all my gays friends. Fun time. I need it!
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going(: and i love her for that :3
God morning America! It's a new day and we are ready to go. Maybe it's the coffee talking... but hey, it works!
Holy crap, Walking Dead is the BEST show on TV. Amazing developments on tonight's show. WOW. Dale now Shane. No one is safe.
"Nigga did you pee on me" lol
We open at 10 am and have the cure for your New Years hangover! Brunch till 3 pm!
"no matter what one expects in a Patton performance, one can expect to receive something unexpected." See Julie Patton at our symposium!
Pre-ordered the book Silver Sparrow by Tayari Jones
I think you should take the offer and then we can use the 500k and go shopping :-p
what filter? I can haz?
it's like I have ESPN or something...
What is thiss,??
Nick Nolte is a scary Grizzly Bear
i know. but i think i don't need. :/
you crazy woman
Nvm..... What the heck..? Mixed elements were amazing!
I was just thinking the same thing. It's depressing!
Wait? what happened to /
i just had dead ends and i felt that i needed a trim! haha
thought some guys were asking if we needed a ride so she turned them down but turns out they just wanted our parking spot
is tomorrow! Very excited!
We'll need ongoing folks, so check back with us? :-)
google kelbytv . Com google has tagged the site as harmful! Thought you should know
so sick of them inching their way in every single year
Recently, we had a day of innovation over at the University of Arizona. Can you name innovative companies in the Tucson area?
It is not our place to ask why... there only is, or is not. Happy 55th birthday, dad, they took you too soon. RIP
I'm so glad I like at least one of my boyfriend's friends
Forget you twitter I am now have a facebook
Alicia, thank you so much for the shout-out!! Very glad you enjoyed Roman Noir and meeting Arcturus and Co.! :)
FREE DOWNLOAD GET YOUR COPY "Count It Up" Ft " by I Am Citi Boi -...
i love the song "you" by Joe!
oh i see i tweeted something about my boobs so you followed me
I think Davidson is a tough matchup because they can shoot the 3 against that zone.
THE GIRLS FRIEND OSNT MY PROBLEM OMFG
Larry Sanders the new enforcer since......not in my lifetime.
I like girls.....meow
They look at me and laugh. That lost child called me. Smh. I think he was looking for you but I ain't answer.
Ever wonder what band members do when we're not playing shows? I didn't think so.
(cont) river 5 I say full house & show he looks miffed 5 second delay shows 54 starts laughing & giving me hi5s. Funny dude it was great
very delicious. Small crowd. Great firkin day.
SDPD looking for 2 suspects in a violent sexual assault in Barrio Logan last night. We're headed to the bus stop where it happened.
I love how says "I'm about to go ham on these Boston ass bitches!" c:
Well. That unfortunate ditty will be playing in my head for weeks.
Everyone deserves to sparkle
Grandad, I know you can see me. Best grandad, and you better believe me.
Alright, imma get it as soon as it drops.... I still b listenin to Dirty Money at least twice a day 2. That's still my shit
I have applesauce in my hair. Thanks a lot, Merritt and Matt.
killing you that a 2nd string QB sliced through that so-called 'great' D? Have fun seeing your team get killed by Brees
don't let yourself wade through restless waters, cause there is no right answer, will i stay or will i go?
see /parlay-people for locals. Also see members' lists, like /uxd. For a bigun, try /uxtweeps/
I love when "grilled cheese" is an important bullet point on a client call about curated content and corporate social policy :)
ATReference designed by Rockefeller! Very excellent and super exciting -talked about in AT/Archon Roundtable.
Hope everyone is enjoying this crisp, cool fall weather!
On September 27, 2008, Zhai Zhigang made the first spacewalk by a Chinese astronaut.
It's new pilot season!!!! We sent over 300 people out on castings last week!!!!! Stay tuned for my details!!! Happy Monday!!
Fantasy Golf: Volvo China Open preview The 2012 Today's Golfer Fantasy Golf game, in association with Your Golf Travel, lands on the Euro
Working on the Ragtime Ralph release right now. Might be a day or two...
Heart is not leg.
eh...don't worry about it man. it's not a competition. it's all about the love for the music and instrument. ;)
Have to get there fast for that :-) Hwy Dept is coming with something they use for spills
the sitter.
yes indeed today is my birthday!!! Thank u Laurie. See you soon.
It looks like a very handy shortcut system. I'm digging a bit into the code too.
ugh, it is here too. :(
Is very excited about the brand new music school I will be teaching at!
": It's official, Butler will move to Atlantic 10 tomorrow, so does Horizon League have #Oakland on the phone? #SummitLeague"
Got out of the 4X4 :D. But had to speed change when I got home for the meeting. -.-
I need a twitter best friend!
yea So put it ip!;)
This move is slowly but surely coming together:)
thanks for the follow; always good to see someone concerned with good copywriting on board.
Why do I always get so hungry when drunk?
I may have. I'm so sorry.
Can't wait to listen this particular song!
hahhahahhaahhaah you're gunna be a freshman next school year right?! ehhh noffiinnn
Help protect the lives of women. Say no to advertising on Rush Limbaugh's radio show.
you too :)
Mondays aren't so bad.. It's Burger Night!!!!
haha I love you too! <3 :) I love you!
what R the odds of arranging face time 5/25? Love to meet u boys b4 menopause or Dooms day lol! #RHCPGirl♥
GoodNight Peeps..Twin #1 Goes Night Night ahaha..Ps Twin Two's a Lamooo...aha jk love ya Bro =]
Get in there and lift heavy!
&#9758; Buy HomeSpy LED Camera Protect Your Privacy
I'm not ignoring you; It's just that I'm working remotely during the day and then moving at night. I'll be glad when it's over, too.
Fall back like your pads are maxies
with a shewee.
Congratulations!! I'm sure you'll tweet updates - look forward to hearing about it!
Where were they the other day? lol RT : too many laker fans on my TL >__<
New york is so bipolar, i swear
I don't even remember the last time I ate
Oh the perks of being a superstar... :P
Everyone who loves life follow me:)
I'm really rapidly getting to the point where I fear I'm going to resume harming myself. I can't handle this anymore.
Ha ha haaaaaahhh! HONEY BEAR NO!
Best part tonite! RT : #Oscars get an A for having Esparanza Spaulding on board for the tributes.
Shout out to Today's #JONEZ of the day.
If it is like Cooper's tavern, that is a good sign. I need beer night asap!
plz follow me and we love u so so muchh :)) <3
Good Morning
RT Notes from a panel on #digitalpreservation & #humanrights featuring speakers from the HRDI, , and the CRL ...
it's Nicole from Good Day for It! This is the twitter for my web series. Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
"Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put on some sunglasses, cuz we were born this way bitch!" :)
how was work today and sounds like fun:)
Sounds cool. I'm interested in a #aaa2010 tweetup
Romantic comedies make me uncomfortable.
"Sandwiches and sex... I want that!"
I have to do something to pass the time here at work...
Toast w/jelly, peanut butter crackers & yogurt. The kid is still hungry talking about hamburgers. After skating practices he'll need a feast
Ruby-crowned kinglet and a few other good birds putting on good show on my patio. Cold front.
what are u talking about I didn't say anything about your Goddess.
Now Playing: What Goes Around - Justin Timberlake
Advice on how to get this cat into a carrier, I need it now.
I don't think I could ever get enough of the spicy mama ramen at Ping.
