I will check it out.
RT : Lunch & Learn, today at 12 noon: Dennis Hood on Blackboard 9.1 at Princeton. Frist MPR. Please join us!
#liber2011 Luce: We can't change if we don't jettison much of what we do now.
Mobile phones are the carbon dating of television shows.
Pets come & go guys. I bet greyson feels really upset. I don't think he would like us making a big deal about it..it may not be true?
Happy happy birthday, Chandra! I hope you have a spectacular day!!! :)
No I meant VD, I believe the young kids call them STDs.
50/50 tonight at the East End Fest. Beautiful night for it. Sunday 50/50 is at the Pelican!!!! Afternoon show!!
And they were epic stories, no doubt.
I want to see my bro tonight!
We're heading to ATL on Sunday for #AppNation Atlanta - will be presenting on Monday at 3:10pm on App Monetization...
RT woman next to me is reading the New Yorker, eating a meat-filled sandwich and drinking a mini bottle of white wine.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
anybody used yet? thoughts?
Going Swimming❤❤
Arthritis is one of the most prevalent chronic health problems and one of the most common causes of disability. www.healthfacts4all.com
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
this is a time when I would rather see Rex Walters shooting a basketball than Iggy
Our pact has now been broken. Rob will pay dearly soon enough...
Anyone in sf trying to get rid of a couch?
When I have a kid, I'm gonna name her Stacy. Then I will be Stacy's mom and I will have it going on.
thank you. i will follow you back if i go on :) promise
Wtf why was patrick at my house early
I wish cuss words were dolphin noises and seal barks like in Spongebob; the everyday conversation I hear would actually sound more pleasant.
He's on the money there. What about his other Sam Cassel impression?
Bella brava cilantro cucumber or vanilla sage martini, peroni battered hammock. St Pete fl
RT "I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else." Lily Tomlin
Steve Jobs ... R.I.P. your legacy is incredible
Holy crap!!! Brain freeze
You can walk from Foggy Bottom or Rosslyn ... or better yet, hop on the Circulator.
hm, no Los Angeles?
I picked it up near the end of season 1 and have been hooked since. Its like nothing else on TV.
Take time to smell the roses.
Stellar musician's rehearsal. Samantha Everidge & Mike Thomas giving it all to God!! Blessed to be a part!!
Study: Giving up Tech? Does life happen when you log off? Emotional Trauma? Reminds me of my film #Over&Out
my dad told me today that you're his favorite pitcher of all-time haha ❤ true love right there lol
Only need 2 (two) more followers....and then someone is getting a $15 Gift Card. Don't be scared....RT this!
Every year there are new students... I'm in a self contained classroom.
Without #ObamaCare people will die from pre existing conditions and so many won't be able to afford a doctor visit
Dear #INDOT the massive mess 37south exit is,could be fixed w/20mins real life traffic experience instead of hours in a street design progrm
I've reached my breaking point can't wait til I get the fuck outta KP/Charlotte .!
We have had 1-4 failed meters outside our building in Hanover for a while. We like to get there early and rock those all day :)
Thanks for the heads up! We're aware of the incident and are addressing it now!
That mini heart attack you get when you reach into your pocket and don't feel your phone
aaaaaahahahahahaaaaa! No. Bitch.
it was good, busy! My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend. How was yours?
Ways To Make Me Happy Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me.....The Most Interesting Man In America
freedom of information, i should say :)
Should #ape activists be upset for using #chimpanzees in his political ad?
Spurs taking it
wtf follow me
it has begun
STRATFOR: Egypt did not experience a popular revolution, but a carefully managed succession by the military.
Now Count On Me is stuck in my head
Thanks so much! Ugh...I have been in writing so much lately I barely even remember to play a while on Twitter!
you love it
love having science class with you :)
Guess What?! We are interviewing on Saturday!
The more I read about Portia derossi and Ellen the more I feel like I want to be their "third".
Not yet but no rush. Bought it the day it came out ;) ": did you get the MDNA CD from Mr Lympus? :)"
you are very welcome!
Everything I do is for you.
We love all sorts of music!
is too cool to text me. whatever.
yes! lol hows your juicing going
just ask real fast in class today and then come save me!!!
Looking forward to sharing ideas w experts & community at SOMOS on improving education opportunities--from early ed to NYS DREAM legislation
is gunna go hard in the paint today
dats y im now watchin family guy
Got the official word that I passed my master gardener test! Weeds tremble at the sound of my name...
Oh no, what happened?
So sleepy, been outside all day doing work.
#Goodmorning #World!!! #LifesGreat Make The Best Of It!!!
Two graves? That seems appropriate :-). I have always loved Poe's writing. I am intrigued by the theory of him dying of rabies.
It was great to briefly meet you! The Zaarly crew loves both and !
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day :) What's your favorite song right now?
Ron Paul doesn't want to be king. That's a big plus for sure.
I saw Once, the musical, this week. Loved it!
So is it weird that the people on my "similar to you" list are not similar to me at all?
I live in the city too but we own our own business and we have some land back there
The Wedding Singer :-)
Big day: Eric Reid, Miami Heat play by play voice, Joe Buck or Tim McCarver, and former US team captain Marcelo Balboa! 303-297-1510
makes the anti-equality candidate.
thanks sweetie!
How did you know that it was love?
I'm still from the area senor
Hey Realtors! I have a coupon code for realtypromobile.com, saves about 60%. Message me for code
Hope your Friday is starting better than mine. Turned ankle and spilled coffee in unrelated incidents. At least #QHRN makes me smile
ahahah,RIGHT! im thinking about making a new tumblr , so if i do ill tweet you it,&thank you <3
just picked it up at an antique store, so yeah, got some work to do.
What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
Twitter is acting very twitterpated today, and by that I mean weird.
Thanks more love and peace!
Will be screening at the Toronto Jewish Film Festival. Details to follow.
Creator God, that's about all I know today--Jesus loves me!
you are boring as fuck to text
you killed it. So proud to say I knew you before you were on
Tossing salted peanuts in a glass of beer makes the peanuts dance. Seriously. It does. Try it with your favorite pint of Dundee tonight.
He hate it when I leave because I never call em.
Facebook gives extra day for page Timeline migration. Anyone else notice the date changed from 3/30 to 3/31 on the top notice?
Hmm. I must have a stamp on my forehead that says "I am taking a walk today to be sexually harassed".
true story brah !!! Making that green tonight with my boys backstage
How cute!!! Who drew the header? =)
Haha instead of #Lakerfans trending on Twitter, it should instead be
To work for a few, then to #Atlanta this afternoon for tomorrow's #DSum12!!
Great job at Boot Camp Everyone!!!!
Way to botch the audio feed
wats up cutey found u on tube
Michele Obama is fabulous
lol I could come pick you up in a dumpy truck
Eva Longoria is speaking at UT today?! #fail on my part....
Latest numbers on #Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, vast majority for underage drinking, trespassing, and open intoxicants
I don't either, but have been curious to watch the news... On the heels of news of its explosive growth.
it's fine now:)
thanks for the follow.
lol no it's great -_-
Dug out my car and am now planning my escape to work tomorrow morning. I will be up bright an early!
RIGHT NOW: Interview Strategies Workshop in the Commons. Can't attend? We'll post the session video later-- Stay tuned!
#OWIF: Randyl: "That's why don't steer the boat, to avoid interfering with the market forces of the current. Also, the rudder is broken."
LOL I remember that. If you go to our next show & see one. Please do the same.
Last night was fun and crazy bar!!! Big up to and Bg ent. You know what it is!
yay! Can't wait!
Hacked by this loser ---->
Soo nice out☀
I uploaded a 253 MB video this afternoon with no problems.
lol don't be lazy
yeah but a lot of ppl said the same thing about Sanchez when he started...they are both talented, just need 2 polish skills
Haha. Have you really?! I never thought you the type.
You have to pay for the tickets :/
Avocados are delish!!!
Now that's funny!
OMG, yes. I could intern there forever. The real world sucks.
You genuinely feel scared for the main character in some of those situations
Thkful for another beautiful day! Say a prayer today for my good friend Shaun Kern!
What!? RT : Love learning things 2share on tours. Almost as much fun as learning things I can't share...yet!
We can install Photoshop cs6 for 80.00. No scam . If it doesn't work we don't charge , Reply if interested
what is an "It Girl"?
amongst normals > in the office.
Really looking forward to the weekend, it's been a long week and I need to relax some!!
All go check out his music... TALENTED!
Good morning twitter
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the Movie II &quot;Wrath of the Red Ranger&quot;. - Comic Book Movie
I wish this was more fun! Everest
Omfg, Ricky's tweets make me laugh so fucking hard.
What is this world coming to when prescription pain killers don't work!?
we will see bro
if I can do one million things at once (which I am), then you can do this
Yeah, I can only imagine how frustrating this is for you and lots of others.
Beyondthescoreboard.net the can end up running Los Angeles with this move
Morning!!!! This phone tag has to stop, I was preoccupied with Izzo's 400th win last night
can't sleep. got ideas racing in my head.
I can feel muscles I didn't even know I had today. I think I might be addicted to hiking. :)
What's better than one balloon? 7ballons. And a breeze?
'As the World Turns' comes to an end. Is that the same as the world coming to an end? Perhaps so for some folks!
Where should I get a new job at?
Happy Easter to you! :)
The NBA playoffs are in the 2nd round, not the 1st, yet they're just as unwatchable. Watching only the 4th Q of non-Game 7s: life-affirming.
That's Sadd .
Oh how important the free throw can be.
our next event is May 22 with !!! More details! Hope to see you all there :)
#FrankBruno is the sweetest man ever!
Monette Marino Keita is the world's second best Djembe player (second to her husband - a Guinean named Mamady Keita)
I LOVE YOU MORE
Lou Williams is a solid player but not ready for this. His last 2 minutes has been Horid
exactly why I quit it too. Why do I have to fax my marriage/divorce license??
Friday night in Nazareth (yes, the city in Israel) & not sure exactly what to do. Never thought I'd say THAT.
I Wan't "Sasha" Tatted On Me.
AntFuel is mourning for our beloved
#1 seller by days end
#NeverTrustaGirlThat has acouple of kids by acouple of men saying its ok to hit it raw because she's on birthcontrol & won't get prego.
After living through a Roland Emmerich film, time to get back to work...
would you use the term?
is that your personal record?
lmfao! That pig from the gt3 event was cute
Discounts available for moves in Nassau County! 3 movers $84/h, 4 movers $104/h + 1h travel time!
just saw your recent ebird sightings on screen at
we asked sm locals 4 directions, and they suggested the redneck thing: get beer from the gas station and hang on the beach.
that is awesome! next Tuesday playlist?
I want to fall asleep texting you
Well, it's over now...
"The actions of life are not so many. To go in, to go, to go in secret, to cross the bridge of sighs." -Anne Carson, Short Talks
Can't wait to go outside
Pay attention to others you may just give them an affirmation that will change the trajectory of their life
Tracy McGrady scrubbing it
you bet! Thanks for following us! We love our Rail fans!
silly heels! Shoes are for northerners!
hm hard question. maybe x&y. viva la vida is probably my favorite song of theirs
Bank of America Sees Real Profits Following Fake Campaign
Take your time, man with monthly deadline I think way more people than me want you to meet! ;)
Nigguhs is tired way to early >.<
Congrats Oakland Cath. Miss your analysis of the game tonite. We may need 10 goals with MAF not playing tonite!
- thank you!
You can thank me later.
what is robot knife fight?
when are you going to give ex and t a brother or sister
Great, your the man!
This seems to happen after #northwestern dominates a team. MT tubby at the helm of a big ol' bus & mowing his players down.
if you are going to play Turner off the ball you might as well let Hawes play the point and Holliday play center.
yes grizzly beard
Stop in today mention twitter and get a Free month of Tanning
Chicago and Atlanta are not states...
Linda Ellerbee, Move On: Adventures in the Real WorldSoul-mates are people who bring out the best in you
": #YouKnowYoureDrunk Broke & Ignorant if You Dancing around the club with a empty bottle !!!"
that xfactor performance was dope.... Trying some light country I see.... But I dig it and you looked beautiful.....
hello, over here! :-)
Sometimes you need to run away and see where life takes you
Having some fun at the 1/3 plo table
Got the lead again
can you say what state you are in without getting in trouble?
The most nominated films are Titanic and All About Eve with 14 each.
foursquare just gave me extra points for my one year anniversary of informing them of my every move. feels like a really long time ago.
At least I snacked on some baby carrots before I put the frozen pizza in the oven.
What is the bank manager's favourite type of football ?Fiver side !
And now he's threatening to not come home to visit anymore. His brother died 5 years ago; mine died 6 months ago & now he's just out?
I love this studio so much...they feel like family :)
i love your voice so much! <33 :D
thanks for the #shitty donuts. I wonder how many I can down with my coffee this morning? Count thus far = 1
i sincerely apologize for my level headedness when it comes to the
Twitter account now semi-incognito. Yeah I'm a wimp but I value my job.
SOLD OUT!! Thanks Wacker & Monroe!!
Louisiana is crushing my soul
The strangeness of getting this tweet while watching a doc about the Holocaust...
Thanks for the #FF! (smiles)
AMAZING RACE time.
JOSH! I am doing well ,thanks. I hope you are too! I miss you, please come over to this side of the pond soon! xx
Feelings dont just disperse
The introduction to my macabre story is most definetely a thumbs up!
RT : "The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." -- Bertrand Russell
hey!!! I'm a huge fan and I love ur song/music video!
that tweet was just to enter a contest. it's not a virus
I want to make a facebook account for "My Right Hand" and put I'm in a relationship with it. But sometimes I cheat on it with "My Left Hand"
We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything. End of story.
I know, what was that??
American idol was pretty shocking tonightt!!
“: FOLLOW SIR GOOD WHOLE-SUM DJS.” Thx for the support!
Xbox and you?
The human mind is not rich enough to drive many horses abreast and wants one general scheme, under which it strives to bring everything.
o shit...u got it...*puts hands up, walks back slowly*.....no beef..lol
Hope I didnt fuck that up. Pretty sure my sarcasm is terrible through text.
So true! So true! RT : A vote is like a rifle. Its usefulness depends upon the character of the user. -- T.Roosevelt
They have tasty morsels :)
Don't forget to help the Letter Carriers Union Stamp Out Hunger! Leave a bag of non-perishable food at your mailbox.
Wanting your certificate in #marriage and #family therapy? Applications for our 2011-2012 academic year are due July 1! Denverfamily.org
Yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me lmfao
Just found a big logic goof. At 6:13 in the morning. We were almost done :(
Not even looking forward to graduation or anything. Can I just skip it all?
24 of them, so far. But I wish I'd skipped Titus.
Participating in Take Your Coffee To Work Day.
have you joined the string ? www.peoplestring.com/?u=samc now you can retreve emails after you send them . Use the string
The Zerona is a non-surgical wonder for reducing fat and may improve cellulite!
hugs says gigi
A collaboration between peptide-based drug discovery Phylogica (ASX:PYC) and Pfizer has yielded its first milestone payment.
scream tour was awsome yesterday. i caught princetons towel from and cried & hugged but i didnt mean to cry
Stay golden poney boy!
Walt Whitman using printers jargon or Hart Crane with the gas used in welding make examples of technical terminology in poetry.
Thank you 😊
celebrating a Mother's love in all of us!
My math teacher scares me!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH! I mean I am topless and everything
Love is the strongest emotion i feel everyday.
"Just now, however, her face is lighted up by an excited hope that is afraid that it's too good to be true."- MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Things are well. I live in Los Angeles. Cuando me visitas?
right back at ya, Robyn!
queen Erica danger
didn't know I was without one?
ok cool
Hey, it's my birthday too.
coming to #demoday? hope to see you there!
When you was just a young'un, your looks was so precious But now you're grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
so wat do u wonna play RT Let's All Play A GAME I'm Bored :-)
Etta James gave us some sweet music!
sounds very chic!
i am home
Haven't gone a year at this school without getting a ticket, wonder what it'll be next year... 🚓
Watching Aussie Open final on tv in the tourney room, going to be playing tight while this is on. No one better spoil this for me.
Yeah, I'm sure you will one day. Next time you come to cleveland ask your grandpa to take you by his office.
This kid talks of motivation yet he can't even make a good jam everybody can Jam too -,- & his friends are lyin to him makin shxt worse
what's wrong Pooh???
Every day the sun is out, you best believe I'll be in it. #IWantFreckles.. that's a first... Hahahah
although its going to be tough, it's going to be worth it.
Be so good they can't ignore you.-Steve Martin
I love you. *erases* I miss u. *erases*. Can we talk? *erases* Hey. *sends* </3
will you shut up and just listen
OH: and that's what too much Jack Daniels does to you ()
Tonight at - at 9:30p at !
i just heard that waiting up. fire
What was it like when that Another Bad Creation song Iesha came out in the 90s
Action packed wknd ahead! Birthday dinner & Travis Barker to pub crawl & Kenny/Zac/and Billy to top it off w/ Warrior Dash! Who needs sleep?
Hello Stephanie! We're hosting an education innovation forum on tuesday, May 8 at the Postal Museum. Check our website for RSVP.
Thanks fam! #crewlove RT : Congrats to my big bros and on graduating!!!
I like truth & kofi as a team
Oh and, i don't know about you guys, but i am obsessed with maroon 5 and wiz khalifa "pay phone!" Great song
Absolutely loved #MyLifewithMarilyn - #MichelleWilliams was amazing! Voting on deadline coming up!
will do bro! :D
WOW... #MondayNightRaw was exciting! More action less talk, works for me. #gottaloveit :-)
I think Tyler, the Creator missed his moment.
so true !
"Just" come down to tonight! BYOB. Daniel and Cody from will be sittin in. Dont miss out!
In bed by midnight then up 4 hours later back on the grind!
If you plan on seeing the Natalie Merchant concert the line is forming & it ain't short.
I've been dreaming of sending you cowboy boots to glitter. Wish it were possible on my salary. But Christmas is coming...
RT : Every time I feel like I should be doing something I'll lean back, shut my eyes and let that feeling pass.
hahaha that's funny
Down by 7. Two minutes we are back in the game
Gah I wanna play a show so bad ha
I feel like everytime tweets I find myself listening to one of her songs! Love you #mothermonster Love,
Celebrate Cinco de Mayo this Saturday! Let foodsmart be your party headquarters for all you need!
i guess not
4 healing sea breezes! RT : It's Txgiving week--so many reasons to say ! We'd love to know why you thank the ocean..
RT S/O to Pastor ... Doing Great Things in Brooklyn
The power of ambitious people working together as a complimentary unit is virually unstoppable. Find your match and "Just do it!!
Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:
In NYC! So happy I got to see my bff Giselle! Miss her & love her so much! Felt so good to see her & catch up in person!! :D daylight!!
lmao whatever women
Getting to witness sign the Declaration of Beer Independence with the #ACBW association. Pretty awesome!
RGIII ran really fast. Faster than Luck. Still pretty sure the position requires a lot of throwing. Luck is better at that.
What about the ending of Newhart? Can I like that?
DO NOT THINK BECAUSE YOU DON'T HEAR IT ON THE NEWS IT'S NOT GOING ON!!!
aaw :'( miss you too!
they're still wrong but they know the people came for a performance. So they perform. They give people what they want.
Director of Global Journalism at just gave all the #MedillAdmits his home phone number. Most welcoming school ever.
Just dropped my muffin!! :( ahaha on way to race track!!!
Another fantastic book--The Dyslexic Advantage (Eide & Eide). It will definitely be on our faculty reading list this year!
You're a wonderful lady, so just keep doing what you're doing. "Fashion fades but style is eternal."
Should be sure to check out his jobs plan. Ties education to job training to career advancement...
yeah were best friends and we both enjoy talking to yah! Lol :)
Waddup w/ ya
Registration for The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K is 46% ahead of last year's. Sign up, it is on Nov 6, 2010
Thank you! With the RSVPs we got, there's no way it can't be awesome!! RT Wishing an awesome night!
Caroline and I are dressed up as Gene and Dean Zine for zinefest. C'mon down to 1104 S. Wabash, we'll be here till six.
me either!
its not...
Looking for a local Chocolatier to team up with for chocolate and wine classes. Know any?
you should do that tomorrow, instead :-)
Desperately need a linux sysadmin who can help me get postfix and postfixadmin up and running on my Debian Squeeze VPS. Can anyone help?
#wine #humor: In NYC, they hail taxis. In Napa, they hail cabs.
Ok so like a bunch of gurls from mah new skool r txting me :/ their blowing up mah fone :/
I want some ice cream!
#IDontUnderstandWhy every nigga in Pittsburgh think they can rap and make beats.....and pester their followers on twitter with the links smh
yeah yu are (:
Trains on 267 piss me right off
Casting… Always so time consuming. Looking for a curvy, classy, sophisticated face for an upcoming shoot. Referrals?
You cant beat death but you can beat death in life by living your life to the fullest!
Lmao! Did an arab fellow really just respond with 'Do I look like a 7/11?
man im lonely....
Obama tells he supports gay marriage. 1st pres. to take the position. It "should be legal." Dem voters just got energized. So did GOP.
Hillbilly Rock Star = WOW!!! It was a pleasure and a blessing, thanks for the interview
thanx for following me(:
Job Opportunity: Sr Compliance Officer w/experience in financial services to ensure London Firm is in compliance with FSA, other laws/regs
Being a huge Rafa fan, it hurts to admit Djokovic dominated #wimbledon. :(. I can't wait for US open. “: C'mon, Rafa!!”
I keep going even if I shouldn't.
Like why y'all gotta call my phone up 10 times a day!! Ion owe y'all shyt but a damn 'hang up'
but it's early days in London. Hanging chads next.
By choosing a fiber-packed salad for lunch, you can trick your body into feeling more full on less calories.
It can be tough to shake off the loss of not booking an audition, but shake it off! You have other exciting auditions coming your way!
Now down to business. First breakout session - background searches.
ive trying for forever its like he looks right over my tweets
BoshRaptor has me cleaning the beer off my screen!!!
I'm actually pulling for the Caps. Their fans were amazing at the Winter Classic here.
Steven Burg (Shippensburg) reports on survey of PH programs. Notes newer areas (e.g. new media) generally less developed.
Game time approaching.........Warriors come out and play
Thanks for the follow back!!!!!
I got one done a couple of days ago they press down to hard did you have to drink water before yours
aww bags, i'll send you one anyway!
Way to go Brewers! Another win in Chicago! We go for the series sweep tomorrow.
Best answer ever! MT: : . um....pound french fries? I like to do that occasionally!
at extreme in Avon if you bring in your student ID it's 20 for 30 days
Anyone going to Keeneland on Friday?
This just in---> Follow Freedom Outreach Seattle on twitter!!! @ FOS206. Okay ow back to your regular programming.
'TIs no woman. 'Tis a remorseless coffee drinking MACHINE!
What is wrong with these NBA players? Act like adults. You need therapy or drug testing!
dont like city for a # of reasons. don't like man u because of their fans who cried when they were purchased by americans
Hi, I follow u, & I think U've been hacked got 1 of those 'Someone's been saying terrible things about u, click here to see."
good look cuZ
As if being white wasn't enough..Now, we must be white with an iPhone? And, we wonder why a great portion of the world CONTINUES to hate us.
If you haven't listened to
With Ch 12 News coverage of DWTS I have now officially lost all respect for each local MKE news outlet
That would be lovely!
Only because fed agencies still give them out to workers.
In the mood for some 90's r&b. Like the baby makin kind... , any ideas?
I thought u smoked!!
the transfusion lab & the flower lab that we did .
Free WiFi is free WiFi, right?
I like that
Maybe BHO needs a binky while he awaits the Supreme Courts decision-so he won't make any more stupid comments or cry when they overturn it!
but whatchall talmbout. I just got home and onto twitter. In for the nite, ready to talk trash.
I will have a wonderful weekend next weekend and in july when I go to my 1st nascar race
I really need to put down the Angry Birds & get to some bloody brunch planning. But. It's. SO. FUN! :)
lol ok you called me out:)
thank you!
I seriously should just subscribe to already.
will you reply? Haha
RT : ran into a superwoman turned her to a super bitch , hit her with that super dick make her cum super quick
U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me just let me be me, U can luv me or either leave me before u judge me know life ain't easy
I love the brains at this table.
good choice it would have to be "Lithium" for me
Up now: Handcrafted Patterns w/ Dan Cederholm (), one of the first designers I found on the web & co-founder of
go get it!
thanks babe!!
Only a scientific people can survive in a scientific future.
can i just live in midtown or
"Man, I'm gassy today" or maybe "I'll pump if you dump!" MT : write your own caption to this pic: bit.ly/tQ9rxx
And you let my dog out!? Creep
you seem so sure but what about Clooney or Jean?
In Romo's 5 full seasons as a starter, 2 NFC East titles. Zero losing seasons.
Skeem my ass, I want pro bowlers period. game changers! Not helpers!
People thinking im "swicthing out" on them??? Naw im just getting closer to my son's and my goals!!
Nope. No Garden & Gun. These particular categories were too broad for Garden & Gun.
Thanks for the Mention, Friends!
I hate stupid people!!!!
i've a question for you.. I have a school talent show and i'm in it and i sing no air.. Please can you sing with me ? :) X
i wish i could go to vidcon </3
Not sure I understand... I think it's exciting to have the opportunity to design a piece like this.
what Di go on island gal NF follow back! Songwitermusicofdash at his best!
didn't get home til almost 3 so tired
It's a regular one lol RT : “: Gonna throw some burgers on the grill... And kick back..” livin the freagin life dawg.
You are a perpetual motion machine who also knits.
Just heard about Moose--met him many times at blog night. Great guy, told best stories. Prayers for his family may he RIP
a balanced approach to debt is balanced budget, hello winning
hey I love watching your matches. They look very intense. And you have a big butt.
does that mean we can call him "sugar britches"?
Ice cubes dropped on floor by dad before bed are always a great idea!! Just means we will be getting up at 5 in the morning instead of 6!!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
& I are just 2 grads making it in the big girl world!
Wait.... You took Getz?? Chris Getz? 2B for the #Royals as POY last year? Is this real?
Great game last night. BAC was so loud after that tying goal! Fantastic!
He has to try to fix sh.t that went on like 12 years before he even came into office.
Like I said, Kuechly wasn't going any lower than 12th -- Carolina picked well
Tweet me peeps!!!!!!
your excuse is not valid.
People really do put themselves in some bad situations.
Good job America!
is there nothing on which Mark Twain can comment brilliantly?
Tip of the cap to for conducting an incredibly insightful webinar. Thank you!
Most vehicle crashes are caused by excessive speeds for road and weather conditions. When roads are slick, travel below the posted limit.
"At some point we have to create one vision, one Detroit." Marlowe Stoudamire
these people make me wanna not.even go to prom anymore
Elvis on ESPN right now...he's just laughin'
#topFamEnt wants to promote your business! Call us today! Ask about our specials! 410.513.9199
Is there such a thing as brand journalism? Can companies really cover themselves?
Agreed. Booing Teixeira is retarded. Do you think a chef would take a job at McDonalds over Ruth's Chris?
would be a solid hire for any team. downfall = GM title + no man parts in dealing with Favre
In my day (class of 87), HS history never got beyond WWII. I think kids should have a "last 25 years" class. Big changes.
No need for a W-2 job if you've developed your own home based business. Which one is best for tax purposes? PM and find out.
lol you kissing at me in all your pix
Your life is like a mirror; keep smiling at it and it will continue smiling back. <3
Vinnie....your mom voted for kb.
Top of the morning to team ramo and im to everybody that follows the kid
The Soul Train Line needs to be brought back at parties.
Jesse's Random Chuck Norris Fact o' the Night: Chuck Norris was asked to resign from the Weather Channel for only forecasting "destruction."
True. Flonase requires a prescription. ;-)
Is Katy Perry paying homage to Smurfette on the red carpet?? Or is that blue cotton candy on her head.
ha ha really? how do we determine that?
Biden and Boehner: didn't coordinate their tie selections.
no prob. GO GIANTS.
When conversations become akward or uncomfortable you gotta know how to properly redirect the conversation.
It's Your First French Kiss, Charlie Brown.
Word to the wise: do not drink a Coke with dinner at 10pm. Work will be brutal tomorrow.
Who want sum Dick
Hello over there! :-) At first I thought was tweeting himself haha
👏👏👏 woohoo that's what I'm talking about!
thanks for following! :D
998 members in the AAUW Facebook group - will we reach 1000 today? Tension is high!
Summit Co. official says self-defense cases usually are dismissed at the grand jury level.
A4: I always say finding a job is like dating... you just have to laugh at your funny bad date (interview) & move on to the next #hfchat'
Take Your Child To Work Day I have neither a child or a job, so that lets me off the hook on this one!
“: STARTING NEXT WEEK WILL BE A BUSTA FREE ENVIRONMENT!!!!!!!”
Did you know that black hole the size of a baseball has a mass approximately 5 times that of Earth?
Lol at that @ reply .
#ThingsOnMyMind how to get more auditions this week.
still at work ! Wassup?
Ready to Rock?! LIVE NOW ransom.tv/rock-the-lakes
oh, is THAT why there aren't any windows in ES games?
All my Pinterest friends have impeccable fashion sense apparently.
You know how I know yesterday was a good day? The corn market was up!
Prospective works for Juvenile
Kenny: FUCK Me: what...*shitting pants thinking I did something wrong* Kenny: I spilled pizza sauce on my pants O_o are you serious
Sarah Palin's Idaho
HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum #BANGERS...dont miss on dis new
Can't decide wether to get highlights or just dye my hair one color :(
Homeboy Hook-up Line of the Day: Hey girl...do you know karate? Because I want to make sure you can’t overpower me later.
: follow he has funny tweets. And she has good quotes
#itakeasheet right after breakfast
Mitt Romney: former bully and current Republican presidential candidate. He is a joke without a punchline.
I'm astonished at the sheer amount of time you find to do amazing Captivate posts :-) I'd go the AA way if possible.
I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Philippians 3:14
keeping busy with music. :-)
Early am dog park adventure!
Dark chocolate and riesling ... Delicious!!
Omg what happened
no problem!
That was tough to watch, but I'll definitely take the 3 points! 7-0-0, baby!
Thanks for the mentions
holla back :p
oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!? My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like "Um, no?"
I wish i didn't have problems
It's a big world, how do you sell to it? Learn fr. John Owen, Chairman/Group Publisher, Weldon Owen-Bonnier at Yale Publishing Course!
How's the writing going?
Surfing uncrowded glassy waves on a warm sunny day puts me at ease and gets my head right. Life is good.
July 8th Opening Gala of CHICAGO, Six-time Tony Award winning show! - www.southfloridaalerts.com
Sunday supper, korean grilled shortribs, house kimchi, rice, steamed buns. 14.95. Enjoy
My sister just yelled at me for telling my mom that i needed more foundation & coverup. Wtf.
Whenever I have a gut feeling, it's usually right. I guess it's time to move on again.
thoughtful post on tribes and affiliation. Enjoyed reading it.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: "Designers design 'iconic t-shirt.' Developers wear them."
Granger is cute as fuuuuuuuck though
I over slept and miss my hair appt. *sad face*
#rusherout ♥ u risheries and and all of n_n night!!!
It is weird seeing say 'good afternoon' when for me it is 1:07 a.m.... Oh and Hello Liam :D
Some time I wanna give up because it hard not knowing
Nice! Where are you drinking this?
On May 12, we opens our traveling exhibit “Eww! What’s Eating You?” which is about the histories of humans and the parasites who love them.
Oh my darling, oh my darling, work out at the gym with me. We shall whittle down our tummies, then strong & healthy we shall be.
how old r u
Hey #SmallFrySoldiers can I asker a favor? Tweet me yea if you will.
Sometimes it doesn't seem possible that the Twins could be this bad, but they find a way.
Still so saddened by Anthony Shadid's death. Thoughts and prayers with his family and colleagues.
thank you!
Another two hour school delay, just what I needed.
Had a great time @ Open House for English 367 students using DALN! Hope they'll be guest-blogging for us soon!...
Still I Rise! ~Maya Angelou
Okay... Time to have fun...
TONIGHT! The World Explorers Club will be having a game night, Student Center Building, Lower Level UClub Room, 7pm. Hope to see you there!!
Lol. Four of those tickets I got in one day when the towed me during a snow storm.
Person in the apt. next to me is playing 50s big band. Considering putting on some Metallica at full blast.
If there are other health/fitness/athletics related #highered Interests we should add to the site, let us know!
*Moans like Eva Simons* RT : i want you to take over control RT Still get the rush when I'm alone ~
Morning x
Can't wait to see on our trip this weekend! Texas here we come!
ILovee My Sister ;* ♥
happy anniversary !!! Iloveyou both :)
An extremely successful sample sale at #SeattleDesignCenter today! #Hines, thanks for a great management!!
Kicking off #kipcamp with the ever-energetic and - welcome to our 25 journalists from around the world.
I gotta make a house call, I'm going to your moms house to make her a semen garage
What is that yellow thing in the sky? It's shiny and warm...
You can ignore reality, but you cannot ignore the CONSEQUENCES of ignoring reality.
Heckuva F1 GP today. #SPEEDF1 re-air coming on now.
Thanks for the follow Dacia! Let me know if you have questions about the email I sent re. the Rocky Mountain Chapter of
you can have mine. :)
Every army/marine/navy guy I hookup with has a really super thick cock. Has anyone else notice that, or am I just lucky?!? :P
idk he under my followers
as long as the opinion is humble, Karen, as long as it's humble ;) - no, I'm just a baseball purist, I guess...
Excellent. looking forward to seeing it
I have to make things right again
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 19
I think the Lakers in in 7
so i dont smell like sexy mixed with handsome?
hi sarah!
What up miss
a highlight for me too!
bout to watch the old as dirt brothers aka the five heart beats
My assisted COBRA is about to end. Insurance sure is expensive!
looking forward to it.. My first hiking experience here in T-town was at Redington pass with a bee swarm and a rattlesnake.
So ready to move to Fl.
Thanks! I'll let you know more about the book when it's available.
Thanks Jenny :) We #LoveOurSupporters! RT : Am a big fan and supporter! Xx.
visit me at work i can help you pick something out :)
We brought more mini apple pies this week. You know you want one.
The Rant: Metta World Peace should be banned from the NBA
Attention hivemind! MT We're about to get started with U/S Wendy Sherman. Tweet us your ?s about economics in #Africa with
: Thompson has the personality of wet cardboard, frugality of a puckered snare drum, and the football acumen of an elite GM.
Ramirez hits into a ground ball double play, Morgan scores from third. 1-0
RT : I keep wondering how Santorum feels about mass in Latin.
I'm not going to lie, it was. :)
Cal to take on Texas in the Holiday Bowl
Baseball startin up rite after bball
Thanks for coming in! RT : Also, the mac n' cheese at is life changing.
this week needs to be done already #weekendwhereyaat?
RT: So my sister showed up right when her soccer game was about to start and she is still in the starting line up
Thanks for the #FollowFriday mention
#IHOP serves over 5.3 million pounds of T-Bones each year.
Anybody know about competing brat fests?
Hi Lisa. Thanks for connecting here!
Seriously Austin, your shit is getting old. Find another girl to creep on.
that ball would have been a yard and a half short anyway. it's either play calling or decision making by orton
Solid barn Canton
no matter how crappy I feel in bed right now, i'm going to suck it up and not miss my best friend's birthday dinner with her family!
Nights like this I wish I was 21 again! Sorry if I'm late tomorrow!
Just found out i have a job interview next week for a job i applied for a year ago! So nervous!
Tonight's Board meeting is on the air!! Verizon 43 Comcast 17
outlet at sdsu is a joke. Why say it's a ticketmaster outlet if u only sell tickets for events in San Diego? Really?
“: Charlie Weis making an impact at Kansas, landing two former blue-chip QB recruits in Dayne Crist and Jake Heaps.” good move!
Even doe I don't believe you I would never judge you
Did you even bring them with you?
Thanks for following The Science Siblings!
Tweets fr NYC remind me of people outside NOLA Superdome pre-Katrina: Yeah, brought a book and a pie, that's enough to get by
but they're awesome...
Prescription Pill Use Among Teens Leads to Heroin Addiction, NJ Experts Testify. If fact, heroin, cocaine use are @ epidemic rates
This Saturday Sucks. To broke to get any Beer, and Wife has to work at 6 in the morning. Just sitting here alone watching old Horror Films
We would be happy to take care of that inspection for you. We don't have reminder stickers for brushing your teeth though.
aww thank you. Hope you enjoyed the panel!
true statement
it's hectic out there; we'll be happy to help resolve your screen printing emergency.
Death has come
u inspire me!
I wanna write 'imissyou' on a rock , then throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you......sent from Funny Jokes App
I'm Brad Houston and I approve this strat RT : #CMDR strategy: Beat the Jhoira player to death. Attack him in-game, too.
“: imagine if one was a 60yr old dude” tha'd be creepy O_o
you won't see this, cause you're close to 22 million beliebers but i just wanted to tell you i love you.
Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal!!! You should be able to marry who you want! ❤
Correct me if I'm wrong but April fools is tomorrow. Right?
Food truck is happening. Yummy !!!!
Oh shit thanks for the reminder!!
Copper is up. Watching AUD pairs.
Actors are the only honest hypocrites.
Walked to work today/protein peanut butter smoothie for breakfast.
Agreed, but much cooler that he was intentionally dotted then swiped home.
Yeah! Any special requests for the weekend?
me too man
1 month before pitchers & catchers report
I Dm u check ya msg...
Rolling in money is so fun.
I think the collection was created to serve its users. The collection represents the community & its beliefs.
Resting up for Cocktail Dj Dealer is spinning some amazing House Music starting at 8PM tonight in BoysTown!
Trees budding, flowers in bloom, birds chirping :-)
thanks so much!
Just left the studio after hearing final mix of "Uh Oh" 1 word: smokin'
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration - Thomas Edison (1847-1931)
BanQuetpress, Australia’s only dedicated publisher of LGBTIQ-themed writing and art, is looking for submissions for its 2013 editions. Ba
bout to eat some hot wings!
Two days until CREATURE opens!!! :D
yay for wedding festivities kick off shower! BFORP tonight!
Don't drink and drive. You might hit a bump and spill your drink.
Bella, I know what u r Edward, say it loud Bella, GAY BASTARD
Miss Manners #protip: instead of glaring at me like a douchenozzle, trying using your words and saying "Excuse me, I'm in this row."
My Times Square days ended with TRL!
not this chick right here 😏
Today is the weird kind of wonderful. The right songs & the right connections.
yah they have a strong group relationship!:) that's a good thinh
you're on! Staaaaartinnnng now!
You're very welcome Felicia :) Thxs for sharing all the wonderful pics!
. we've still got plenty of room, come wit it! haha
Just did a madden 12 com
Lets get a Cubs rooftop one day too
Getting ready for day 2. Tired, but chomping on a candy cane to get in the spirit
NFN radio live on Android
it was AWESOME!!!
Be sure to follow He ROCKS! #twittermovie LOL =D
All my favorite 90s cartoons on nick again. :)
Any tips/ideas are greatly appreciated! :) RT : you have wonderful taste! I like living vicariously through you!
We might be a little partial but that sounds like great advice to us!
Thing is, universities like Cambridge, say, want to compete with US universities for prestige...
Organization is the goal today.
Real classy Memphis. Real classy! Booing an injured player? Really?!? Fuck y'all Memphis! #MemphisFansHaveNoClass!!
You not gone do right by me ? Ik somebody who will .
I watch across the universe way too much
done you turn please :D
Anything to generate excitement :-)
Youre Joking Right?!
anything you can do to get us heat and power in mt kisco? I can handle but am concerned for my young children.
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO START GETTING CUT TODAY
save some room for me guys im planin on bein the biggest skell prov has ever seen this weekend
Mayhem Nation: The war of words between & has now been taken to a new level. Who do you side with most?
available for freelance work. www.flilab.com
Keith Richards autobiography + Ramona Sparks + 200 miles of wet pavement = Nick Cave !!!
cheering for the Cats... I'll take the state of Kentucky over Indiana any day, and UK vs. UL would be crazy
#singlesnightout " your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of business" XD
How about Weds the 5th at noon? You pick the place!
It's funny how quickly things change.
nfb , u look good sweetie
"Nobody wanted to ruin a great friendship like I did!" uncle re: aunt's initial hesitation on dating one another ... 25 years ago
Today: Muslims riot in streets because one Koran burned. But no problem on execution of Christian converted from Islam. Nuts!
Dancing is a wonderful exercise that is great for your heart. It can lift your spirits as well and give your overall feeling a boost.
with texas in july? I won't be in town
I'm really gonna miss my baby sister while she's in Tampa this week
gonna catch them all cause he's Danny phantom!
"Every life is a story make yours a best seller."
OH NO! MORGAN LOST.. :(
We are looking for a public relations/social media-minded intern to begin in March! A knowledge of farming is a plus! Please RT.
just got done playin' glow-in the dark ultimate frisbee! Had a blast, now it's time to hit the sack, I'm all worn out! lol
Probably. Talk to Daniel.
#NowPlaying MTV Presents Unplugged: Florence + The Machine.
We are in Mt. Vernon at the home of Hector Manzano having a meet & greet. Thanks for hosting us Hector!
My god. If you thought the human food industry was fucked up, start Googling where your dogs food and treats come from...
- I thought the same thing when I ate there the other day. Funny stuff. It used to be called Las Maracas!
I'd say *especially* if his replacement is Ricky Gervais. And apply it to any member of the Senate.
RT : The last letter I sent said, "check your email."
May your thoughts be as glad as the shamrocks. May your heart be as light as a song. May each day bring you bright, happy hours. That...
The Zakim bridge is ugly, just like Kevin Garnett
Thirty-Three Hot Dog Night
otherwise if you're tracking from twitter, you could always use bit.ly to check your outgoing links
#SOCAPEurope has been great. It was nice to meet so many wonderful people and to hear about so many wonderful projects.
lol I'm nott. Soo much pressure gone. I'm done with psych after tomorrow.
The Sour Patch Stand Up show was a huge hit last night. Great lineup! Cant wait for Next month's show :)
#YouNotUglyBut your personality is not crackin...
Missed your departure on Thursday.. and I even brought back my Predator DVD and FF7...
Why are The Ladies on the Spanish channel so muy bueno
Regardless of the outcome, I loved the #Nuggets season. They were a joy to watch. Cant wait til next season
Saying inside Dove mini chocolate heart given to me by a co-worker just now... "Make someone melt today."---Any Takers?
I can your best freind or the worst person you have ever met
if you had dream water i bet he would show up !
Bartender upon hearing I recently turned 30: oh yeah...it gets kinky from here!!!
meanwhile in NC....
Fuck anyone who's ever had any bad opinion about me! I don't care who you are, I am crazy, I am loud, and god dammit I'm proud!
Okay, fair enough Mike -- noted & appreciated. When you have something strong to say, say it only to the intended recipient.
as with all documentaries you recommend, I found it interesting and quite surprising. I honestly felt bad for the inmates
Backyard yoga
I can't stop laughing!
the best naps are those in which the duration is unknown to you
Apparently my usual campus coffee shop is bound and determined to give my business to Starbucks. Odd business strategy, but oh well.
Un placer!!!
I don't know what that means!
haha what kind of cars do you like :) ?
Jesus Christ just looked up and found enter the magical mystery chambers awesome beautiful period wu tang vs the beatles
we'll look forward to it!
#tedxgeorgetown correction: US should see itself as exceptional network instead of as an exceptional nation. Networks will b more powerful.
Tornado warning here in Dallas. Massive rain. I think I will take a nap and do some dreaming.
My mom makes me so mad. -_-
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 10
I am not interested in following anyone. But for now, tonight I am a Satanist.
oh cute! can't believe those are Toms! will def add to my list!
So excited for the #Tweetup tonight at the new location!
Marv says Kobe is "all about character"..? I'm no Kobe hater, but I don't think you can say that and mean it.
haha you are much more discreet with your nail grooming! Even on game days ;)
Your amazing<3 And you won't tweet me back so there's no point of me tweeting you :(
Productive day. Now: shower, dinner, hawks!!
Just purchased life insurance, I feel like an adult now.
uh oh. But with 2 OC's, will score twice the points, right?
Have to say that I am kinda excited about Justin's new album!
Welcome to Ray Pualk in Florida. He just joined our sales team in Jacksonville. Contact him for recovery ideas. 904-200-2339
dynamite drop in!
Met Dino, service dog in training, at He belongs to #RIT student Betsy Khol, who I profiled in #RITNEWS story few years ago.
aw, shucks!
Those squirrels are nutty my friend.
Love how I'm sick, and I'll be in school during this game. Hoping this spirit night is fun.
If the 76ers eliminate the Heat, I will buy a drink.
I like to hear it as "Ef-Ef!" Much like the sound my knife makes when I carve FF into trees around town.
RT : #messagetomyex i hope you die.
It's Shandy time.
J cole better not rap about how he hooped back in the day again. He's mechanics don't even look good
So just used the phrase "ROTFLMAO." Oh, and the Caps won an OT Game 7. What is happening?
92 years ago At the Polo Grounds, Babe Ruth hits his 50th career home run which is his first as a
y'all jus started break?
you see that crazy shit
I'm sorry that I'm oversensitive and don't take criticism.
- long time listener, new business owner, looking to provide architecture services to a celebrity for discounted rate. -Sean
I think I've been on twitter for 3 years now..and I've done more tweeting tonight than in those 3yrs combined.
I'm cheering for Mark like always how about you?
I would agree with that. Is she breaking HIPAA laws by asking your aid questions.
No, but Walter Cronkite did.
Thanks! Let me know if you have any questions.
this is how the mavs|heat series started out last year
DIRECT MESSAGE IS BLOWING MY MIND #imatwitternewbee #this is awesome
I JUST FOUND 10 DOLLARS!!!
Alex , you are soo cute !! I love your smile :D
RT : On this date in 1963, MLK wrote his Letter from Birmingham Jail: “An unjust law is no law at all.”
anybody have an update on what's happening at the Mutal Musician Foundation?
My boss gave me a tiny vial of smelly beads of medicine that will apparently cure every illness. Everything on box is in Chinese. May die.
And wondering where all the men are that think about a land beyond Babylon...
Girls just wanna have fun ;)
Ready For the Lafayette #HoliFestival this Weekend
I definitely will as soon as I get done writing a million papers!
Taking a break for coffee and catch up with
Really? I read his what is a person last year and he came to dinner with our group.
We can't wait for the Festival to get started! See you in a week!
Which meeting is that? I'll be right over!
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.—Samuel Johnson
Help Austin Pets Alive on PROPS day! Bring in ur dirty stuff & help animals in
will be out in full force at the benefit tonight. If you're going, look for me!
- Consider submitting for the student Bernays Award category! Call for Entries will be available on May 2 on PRSA SDIC website.
Is it ever NOT? RT Its a #Hendrix day.
I mean do I really have to get fb timeline really? really really?
thanks Jenn! Also, thank you for following me ;)
Motion to delay magnet policy for 30 days passes 8-0.
My kids like stating around the cul-de-sac on the ice, except for the falling part and the cold part.
cool beans. thanks.
RUN THAT SHIT THEN!!!!!
That's what they all say. Lol.
love you too!! “: Omg celeb sighting!!!! Lol at Bev center!!! I love him so much!! :) lunch next weekend'”
I still walk up to strangers and tell them about my friend that hit 4 HR's in one game at Doyle Field. Josh's in good company
Hello my love!! How art thou?
We know we always out but somehow they will never see us.
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
Keith Urban has a sexy voice !
Barstow family camping films family saga through summer vacations. Influence of motion picture technology put to use by family
Go follow !!! he's awesome!
Late to the party, but love the topic! RT: Q1 How do you spoil your mom on #MothersDay? Who else will you celebrate?
Im going to Chicago next week yea its on baby get to spoil my daughter n see my old friends!!!
"The function of #leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." Ralph Nader #quote #rocktheretweet RT
Thank you, Kat. There are a few of us here.
how you been lovely?
Todd from Philadelphia says Boy its packed in here...
So I can see.. every 2 seconds!!!! Will you be hosting Kiner's corner this evening as well?
be safe out there today, folks. don't wait too long to leave.
That's what I like to hear!
awww so glad to be on again. haha(: well not alot has happened :p got my texting takin off my phone but got a date on friday(: super excited
great question....not sure yet, but I really miss home! Hopefully soon.
thank YOU for all you do to fight breast cancer! I wear my pink shatter with pride!
a belief is a belief, just because you want it to be fact, it is not fact, Jesus, Santa, Big Foot, the Illuminati, etc ..
Yes! RT : It's a glorious day in #SanDiego! Not easy being stuck in an office on days like this.
i think people are just getting tired of hearing that you met them, thats why there hatingg. No disrespectt tho! lol.
i've been following Sam !!! can u follow me??(:
we might be dead tomorrow...
-- yeah..once the music plays..reminder to keep the sand between the toes!!
OH at an ATM: This is a great machine. You push buttons and money comes out! I'm just sayin...
how is a gem like this still single?
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people. I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
you don't say creep creep unless your quoting TLC lol
Good article...thanks for sharing.
dudes. RICE COOKER.
#adbowl commercials are little too harsh
Nice! Airtime in one form or another is still AIRTIME!!!
LOLOL. you;re killing me with tese facts c:
We <3 our new email design and find your product very easy to use! #email marketing
I'm thinking of changing my Avi to something with a little more skin, to gain some more followers.
Orlando we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Me too! Totally on point!
We're having a super month in the stock market! Leveraging options to be short this turbulent market. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Can't 'learn out loud' by lurking >> MT everyone loves a lurker until they're stuck on a grad school project with one.
Follow and check out their site, they have a great thing going on! All + reviews for businesses!
I wonder how much potential suspension played into draft plan. Maybe not much. They needed the help anyways.
It is the stupidest children who are the most childish and the stupidest grown-ups who are the most grown-up.
Sunny weather is price of everythinG..
Another aftershock in Fluvanna County Virginia from last August's earthquake. Windows rattled. Egads.
Yeah I do SANS Orlando every year for $800. This year it increased to $850. Expect to work 14 hr days.
RT : Tonight's Tasting: Join Farm to Glass TONIGHT! It's the 1 year anniversary of F2G!! 5-8pm Free
Thanks so much for your kind hospitality and the amazing Chicken Parm! See you again soon! :)
Worst/best part of #archives? Running across potential projs. that seem more interesting than one's own. E.g. CO Gay Rodeo Assn. newsletter.
This is some bullshit.
Dude, totally
I tried!
It's all about integrating the experience
no, my grandma passed away from it.
Excited to get to play at work today instead of bug fix (and by play, this nerd means product dev and innovation)
I can switch it up if I want cause I do what I want. :)
Show Choir opens at in 12 days! Living vicariously through #SMASH tonight!
If not for bad luck, I'd have no fucking luck at all.
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying "People Like Us" -> noon to 2pm: May 2, May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
RT Bristol Palin Says President's Pro-Gay Marriage Position Based on 'Too Many Episodes of Glee' <--like mother like daughter!
Y dont people look @ their past & C their mistakes 2 be4 they start judging others Only God has the rite 2 judge me so live up 2 n accept it
Dear student who finished the test in 7 minutes, I HOPE YOU FAIL. Sincerely, still on the 1st question.
I disagree. The team was bad this series. Marc Andre Fleury, I counted 8-9 soft goals. That is not winning hockey.
i am here lol « If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol»
I can tell... hehehe
she has a Twitter...you should @ her about it
Hi, how are you? Yes it's nice to meet me<3.
I used a very specific term, though.... obese... not just fat or overweight. Do people happy people choose to be obese? No.
Gruden: "This is the type of player I like." ... Jon, please show me one you don't like. Just one.
Suck it
Tomorrow = all day coffeeshopathon.
I don't like me, I kinda hate me, guess I'll go eat cheese
Cadillac? Gas money spent?
aww, feel better!
#RI RT : Every1 knows Jersey has better pizza. RT : I think u guys need 2 bet Pizza.
ESPN News - Heat F LeBron James will be announced Saturday as NBA MVP for 3rd time in last 4 seasons, AP reports
Kinda stuck here for a bit.
Staff photogs are debating and brainstorming how to photograph the solar eclipse on Sunday.
Hoping Romney clobbers Gingrich tonight. By big margin.
y does 2012 already suck so bad...:(
I do
your welcome (:
Happy Birthday. My husband went to school with George Carlin. He was quite the trouble maker even then
Sometimes not even then.
Are you doing a budget for the holidays? Increase it & enter to win here...
Happy Education Day ..
Chris Bosh is the Heat's ONLY quality big man. If he is out for any extended period of time that is big trouble for the Heat
Randall Jackson is an ass wipe. What was all the dramatics for? Ugh!
No lie lol
RT “: seeing a good amount of #Pacers gear here at Great American Ballpark. #PacersPlayoffs” Love it!
coffee makes everything better
DT Marriott shuttle to Philly Airport is $10. Less than a cab but hotel staff made it seem like shuttle was free.
Why is this so hard?
Listening to 's "Cooler Than Me" and exchanged looks with a girl in big designer shades.
I think went #OneStepTooFar tonight. But I love it anyway. That is all.
Unfollow this page follow my new one now
how are u?
when do you think people will start queueing for the breaking dawn premiere??
good morn'n Hun!!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT EARTHFEST TOMORROW??!! I'm gonna be missing Third Eye Blind, Eve 6...
i vote for samosas, and anything else your hearts and palates desire!
thanks for all the RT's last night.
at the #Amerks game!
OMG!!! HILARIOUS!!!
I cant stand thugs. Ugh! I almost want to throw up when one tries to talk to me seriously.
true that
"Here I am, the victim of my own choices. And I'm just starting."
Kalleberg of UNC: #Employment relations have become precarious in the U.S. since the 70's; risks r born by the individual worker
Ha! Story of my life, I like to do lots of things just wish I was good at them!
Had a great experience playing w/ our good friends Nomadic @ Murphy's last night in Boone, NC. App State has a cool vibe for sure!
okay <3 like hes the only secret we have left..
As you calm your mind and cultivate trust you turn from a victim of circumstance into a powerful creator of your life.
yeah but they are having a bkfst at 9:30am just for friends of ASC
Offering Plastic Business Cards on Clear,Frosted or White Backgrounds Use as Gift Cards,Seq. Numbering & Magnetic Stripe Avail.
I offer to tweet for in exchange for free brunch ;) cc: have you been there yet?
Not only did the front office fail to improve the pitching and defense, it looks like the training staff is just as bad as last year.
#boston there's a reason why where called New England!!
Wonderful warm sunny day in NY! The weather will not be an excuse for Yankees tonight. Not that it was last night, just saying...
I used to be an independent voter, but good conscience doesn't allow for that #TeamObama all the way ! Dems only 4 house & senate
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
You're my sweetest dream come true. <3
Geny and I had a great audition yesterday. it was wonderful
wait did i legit just snipe that out? DID YOU DO IT?
bleh i'm going to clean my room ... eventually tonight i'll try
hey, i just met you. & this is crazy. but here's my number, so call me maybe.;)
so great meeting you - let me know if you have any other questions about , I'm happy to help!
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ..old shit hit me up for new shit
Rally cap on watching the ! Let's go Oakland!!!
Coffee and paperwork....the coffee makes it tolerable...
Actually, the more I say it the better it sounds. By the way, I was tortured thinking of boy names. Twice.
Big dawg s/o ,stuntfest 2k12 was stupid,salute for putting on for the team
online Strategy and Tech Deployment=online STDs
(34 yrs, 255 days) became 1 of 8 guards of that age or older to attempt at least 15 FT in a game since 1985 via
Just got a five year old a little pink guitar.Haha
Correction: The correct final score for last night's bout is Rats 158 - OMH 134.
congrats buddy
American greed at it's best. Love it.
I feel awful ):
There was just a straight-up sneeze battle in the office. may always win. gross.
Im to comfortable in my bed ..
Too much work left to do yet so tired
Whoever is saying something #nasty about me on twitter, #Godbless em! I'm still not clickin on ur link 2 find out!
Adaption, Wonder Boys, Capote and The Squid and the Whale, but I have Howl at home from Netflix. I hope to watch it soon!
if available, brandy needs help with twitter (haha). U can follow @ brandyd83
I live my life based on 2 principles. One, I live as if today was my last day on earth. Two, I live today as if I am going to live forever.
Have this huge headache, totally tired. NityNite :)
i got choo
new job update? love it?
i obvi didnt do shit to you. you shouldnt look at me, talk about me. if my name comes into a convo, walk away. ugh
Pretty pumped for this game ngl.
i also asked #Siri to 'make me a sandwich' and she said she didn't have any condiments! haha!!!
#iwishtheywouldbringback Old MTV
Grant as Pedophile?
Duh. Nickelodeon for sure!
amazzingg! I'm in
when can i see i you guys n Boston? I need to see you live
Finally watched the last Harry Potter. The fiance expressed outraged at any small difference from the book. Hooray for great life-decisions!
First time at Livestrong Sporting Park tonight. Will be going back many many times!
The best feeling in the world is looking in the mirror and being able to tell your hair is growing longer (: (: (:
You know it must've been a goodnight when the first thing anyone says to you is "dude, do you remember what happen to you
Trusted messages are also consistent, with very little conflicting input, because inconsistency breaks trust.
It's fun to watch the girls who work at Chick-Fil-A progressively gain weight over time...
Ty is actually listening to him and Carlos have sex. We recorded it because
I follow them :)
Yes, I do believe we should. I'll e-mail.
I love this!!
I wish i could do more for my mom.
Hi everyone :)
": “: ": Just cause I flirt with you doesn't mean I like you." Oh..” I like u doe." Mhm all lies
I smell sex and candy here...
No Hype, just FACT: Every 20 Seconds Someone Is Joining The Body By Vi 90 Day Challenge!!!! Will You Be Next?
God doesn't like lukewarm Christians. Even Katy Perry sang about being "Hot & Cold" God will spit you out for being lukewarm (Rev 3:16).
So I determined that nobody speaks English in public unless absolutley necessary in Florida.
miss u too!
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series. It results in new friends, books, & ideas for us all. I couldn't have hoped for better. Thank you!!
At least the piece is still attached. :>)
No, but it could be me. It is Monday.
A public debate between , and would be a great idea!! Ward 5 voters need to see differences.
Great class from Chris Aguon () tonight thank you to all who came! NEXT SAT: KYLE HANAGAMI () details & flyer coming!
We are currently transporting a card back to our location from queens to bk.
but we still gotta trend it! (its i reached my tweet limit haha)
People kept saying "you are a pussy" all night
Going to watch the boondocks tonight too;
Wish I could be there!!! Break a leg and sing gorgeous like always!
Once again receiving spam e-mail from , even after I asked not to share my e-mail w/3rd parties.
Making plans for our rescuer film shoot in Lithuania the end of July.
thanks so much for the card! I hope you're having a good time at the shows this week! :)
Keep turning the pages the best is yet to come in Jesus name amen.
Miss you too, friend! :)
Sissle was born on Indiana on July 10, 1889.
To all the people following me - sorry I never tweet!
Amen ☝#RT ": I was never in the business of stroking ego's...”
Happy Tax Day everyone in the US! Hope most of you are due to money back!
Band banquet tonight :)
ayyyyyyyy yooooo! We slappin that all on the floor tonight!! You guys embarrassed us too bad it's time for some real revenge!
keep yo inner circle tight....
We are a nation of Charlie Browns, and the government is our Lucy-with-football.
Judge just said Minemier refused to leave jail & come to court.
good and not so good i have made some mistakes and i made one this weekend tht i am so upset about
mines been filled since like the first week of april but it was closed & just opened!! its freezing tho lol
"I want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...and its not even my birthday" lol that song is so catchy lolol :)
I do hope you aren't serious about giving her a shot. That is an obligation, not a gift. Maybe you are kidding?
this is like lucky charms without the nasty Cheerios
Think about creating an app called "Food with Friends" where we eat together and talk about our lives.
yeah man, I'm gonna be the next Hannah Montana ;)
if you do get a tattoo, what's it gonna be??
Make connections with those you feel comfortable with.Trust your instincts, ask questions and try to learn as much as you can!
Happy Single's Awareness Day!!!
thanks:) if your not too busy it would be amazing if you could get your friends to check us out also!
i knew I was in trouble after I threw the ranch lol
- the sky is crying
LIKE A GOOD NEIGHBOR STATE FARM IS THERE!!!!
thanks for mentioning our sale :)
Got your msg. I have a mtg tomorrow, Sat, until 1 PM. Call you after?
Blah I keep mistyping bc my phone battery is dying so my keyboard won't light up
Don't miss out..this weeks Workshop is all about choosing the right carbohydrates for you! Tuesday at 7PM at Fit Lincoln Park!
This is awesome.
Dreams do come trure..make a wish...Hustle..Hard..1
#ncph2012 & #oah2012 session: Reading & Writing Like a Historian. "being able to DO history is dif than being able to TEACH history"
Problem is when was the last time they took a step forward?
Is there a male version of squeeeee! ?
Good Morning Tweeters :)
Anyone have a favorite anzac cookie recipe? I fancy making them! Warning: if it doesn't have golden syrup in I will be devastated!
I miss uu daughter
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because your face is pretty messed up.
We recently relocated our North Tucson store! Please visit us at 815 E. Grant Rd.
LOL, My mom asked why I was freaking out so much just because followed me, Shes beyond DUMB.
that's not a hard decision at all. You know what's happening. Post birthday celebration for this guy after dinner, then rose!!!
Neighborhood statistics such as owner occupancy can have a big impact on future potential value of your home.
Best of luck to you! Have an amazing time and thanks for using ShowClix! Happy New Year!
yep it can be from anything - just having trouble deciding what
